Strange not one of @theDemocrats disavowed HRC for lying to FBI, rigging the primary & her blatant corruption. @MikeCrapo
Apparently a crappy sentence uttered a decade ago trumps criminal activity.  #Killary
I used to waitress, what Trump said is actually basic normal guy talk, I've heard much worse #TrumpTapes @DasTechnoviking @MikeCrapo
I've said worse.  Im not proud of it, but I know I'm not alone.
So you've actually bragged about sexually harassing a married woman and groping and fondling others?
I don't give AF about Trump talking shit with guys 11 years, I'm busy reading wikileaks, about policy issues. @legaleagle48 @DasTechnoviking
You do know that the Russians are suspected of 'editing' those leaks, right?  @legaleagle48 @DasTechnoviking
I watched @theDemocrats rig the primary, #Wikileaks just confirmed it. 
@KayEllen48 @legaleagle48 @DasTechnoviking
We'll thank you when Hillary! controls the Supreme Court. If your GOP held 100 Senate seats, you'd pee on your stomachs.
Wake up time, HRC was cleared by FBI. Stop watching faux news and hannity. Get Facts.
No, she wasn't cleared. She did it. They just chose not to prosecute.
cuz there was no evidence to support a case.
Yes there was. Comey laid it all out.
please, no enough to indict. Meanwhile you have been safe all these years....
Unsupportable:
@washingtonpost Listen, its over. Have u been safe? Yes. Thank you.
.@MikeCrapo Respectfully sir, there are other Americans wondering why you found Trump words&behavior acceptable for last 15 months. Why now?
See 538 for details.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdChg4P1wWY&sns=tw … via @youtube
Relevance? This isn't about Bill.  This is about Trump, and ONLY Trump. Quit deflecting and own up.
Trump isn't blaming a DNC left wing conspiracy!!!!!!!!
He doesn't have to.  He brought this on himself by shooting his mouth off one too many times.
This is Trump's to own, and he's owning it. He'll take more ownership today and @ the debate.
He's not owning the sexual assaults.  When he owns THOSE and apologizes for THOSE, I'll be impressed.
"Crapo"  ..... unfortunate name. I have you on my down-ballot-never list, Senator.
Impeach now.  DRT is dishonest and an embarrassment globally.
Another senator that needs to be replaced.  Remove the o in his last name, and that is what I think of him and his comments!
Your moral compass apparently isn't brave enough to stand against the most evil,self-serving,false patriotic candidate in history
Also, his disrespect 4 Mr Khan, Latinos, African Americans, disabled, his hatred & fear tactics & lies all disqualify him. UNFIT.
Is this currently your position?
but apparently now you can. What changed about Trump, you unprincipled flip-flopper?
But  I bet you support  all the lewed flith from Hollywood that is what is sick!!!
Thank you for speaking out against rape culture n refusing to vote for a known sexual predator.  I'm a victim of repeat rape.
It's great seeing you stick  w/your principles Crappo!Thanks4 selling out.The Supreme Court throw Trumps sexual assault cases too
It was worse than just drunk driving, you were on official Idaho business, suppose to represent us, so everyone thinks we DRUNKS
we need an Independent Investigation 911 style for Trump/Russia. This is not a party matter it is an America matter
guess you were just fine with the racism, hatred, fascism, bullying, sexism, bigotry. Conservative values eh? Shame on you.
Typical HOLIER THAN THOUGH politician . . never follow the law but will surely make the rest of us, or IS IT OK TO DRIVE DRUNK ?
thanks for voting yes on selling your constituents ISP. As of now I'm looking to buy your and your families ISP history.
Are you going to post an update now?  I think you should if this is true:
only time I've ever been proud of an Idaho politician...and I'm a resident!
I live in Idaho, Matt, and no one likes people like you who move here to try and make it like CA. Leave. You too, @MikeCrapo.
what changed flip flopper?
I voted for @MikeCrapo last yr, but he's UNendorsed Trump  i keep getting Crapo flyers in my mail; they are going in the trash unread!
Senator, please consider #GaryJohnson. In July ID polled 10% for Johnson. In Aug 14%. His polls are rising DT and HC go down....
Dear Mr Crapo I also do not approve of what donald said but am disappointed you are not supporting trump look at the big picture
Well this series of tweets certainly didn't age well.
The one time you showed some decency and integrity.  And you have now flushed it down the Crapper, Crapo.
Now you say you will vote for him? Flip-flop!
I 'forgive' and I'm voting for Trump for President. I can no longer endorse you for Idaho's Senator Mike Crapo; you lost my vote.
-- I applaud withdrawal of support for Trump & urge you to consider endorsing #JohnsonWeld. Fiscally conserv, socially inclusive
Conservative 'leadership' gave you Trump. Stop being the party of WHITE RICH MEN, and THEN come back and try to rule.
then I cannot support you.
I'm with you Chris.
please don't ever confuse Trump with revolution, they're not even close to the same
Yes it is...Like you have never seen before...Open your eyes...Look at the world...
open your eyes... You support a misogynist...
I'm good with that. Proves he's not a homo.
too bad your brilliant ideals are only dispersed around 24 people 
Don't care. I'll say something stupid about bitch clinton and lose this account too. On my 7th account this MONTH
You now fully support him with your voting record. You only endorsed him because your constituents asked you to. You couldn’t take the pressure anymore.
while I'm sure you & I disagree strongly on many matters, it takes courage to act in conscience - well done Senator C
yes it does!
What about his repeated actions & comments toward black, Hispanic, gay & Asian communities? You're saying you're ok with those?
What about his disrespect toward people of color, Mexicans, disabled people, Muslims, & all immigrants?
"we need conservative leadership in the White House" - please endorse @Evan_McMullin  #McMullin2016  #McMullinFinn
You'd better support him if you want republicans in the White House. As an Idahoan I find it offensive you don't support him
Your DUI shows me what a poor lack of judgement you have.
.....NO TRUMP...NO CRAPO!
if you do not endorse Donald Trump, I will not vote for you. Our country is at stake. Do your job- support the people's choice!
you just lost my vote. In this election the Republicans need to stick together.
finally agree with at least one thing - it is a start. #nevertrump
the GOP shows no signs of protecting this great country. We need your bold leadership to help salvage this nation. #EndorseEvan
what about Killary taking donations from a country that publicly condoned beating women? UR a Hypocrite
Another Hillary supporter. No wonder the GOP cannot field an establishment candidate for President.
I am 83, fought in Korea, honorably discharged.   I am supporting Donald Trump.   Crapo's action will help elect Hillary @MikeCrapo
Wonder what it is going to feel like when you make a mistake - and your colleagues turn their back on you. #PoliticalCowardice
Is this spoken CRAP O?
.@MikeCrapo who are you? I'm sure when the down votes begin you'll be one of the first to go, what state? I'd like to donate to your opposer
He is the Sr Senatraitor for Idaho..
Voters n Idaho will elect  U.S. Senate election on 11/8/2016 Mike Crapo (R) will face Jerry Sturgill (D)&Ray Writz (CP)
why on earth did you ever support him in the first place?
Help Republicans unite. Too late to replace Trump. Help us defeat Hillary.  We need your vote. Please reconsider.
GOP vs Obama has been feckless. You'll be same vs Hillary. Why vote for you if u can't support @realDonaldTrump to effect change?
you had this planned all along, didn't you? Afraid for your cushy job much?
#Trump and his #deplorable voters  just don't care. #HighHorse RINO.
Another booze hound that damn murdered a child, trying to destroy a man who is using his own money to help USA recovery!
.@MikeCrapo you will pay the consequences in the long run. Enjoy listing your next primary.
Mike Crapo, if this is how you feel. U are part of what is wrong in this nation! If Hillary wins America is gone.
well your name fits you perfectly      
Trump apologized, and never attempted to LIE, OBFUSCATE, DENY or in any other way parse the truth; Hillary has never told truth.
@Cernovich Can I get a retweet!
There is no way in HELL that anyone can beat Hillary if Trump steps down.  It is way too late.  Votes are already being cast
Boo...
so we have another four years of corruption. Have another drink but don't drive
Hillary breaks the law, commit treason call us deplorable the Democrats rally around her and support her. You need to grow a pair
thanks for helping Hillary be the perfect president
I think Donald Trump and his interest in Russia & the leader is very unsafe for America I urge you not to vote for him
trump news is over 12 yrs old its got cobwebs on it" sorry but ur out touch with american people choice and im voteing trump...
I have voted for you in the past. I will never vote for you again.
Myopic! Considering the fundamental change we've seen & could continue having, IF the Clinton machine is reintroduced. Bad gamble
We will see who steps aside come November. Definitely won't be Mr. @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump Sen Crapo, you lost my vote forever the day you withdrew your support. Let he who is w\o sin cast the 1st stone.
GOP doesn't understand public's anger at lack of opposition to Dems. Trump is better than a feckless, lying, corrupt candidate
I deeply hope you reconsider. The corruption & self-enrichment & risk to americans that will result from #clinton will be epic
this is rich coming from you who plead guilty to DUI. Your political career in Idaho is over. Idahoans favor Trump.
drunk driver that almost killed a child.   No weight
Maybe you should drink on it. Can't wait to vote against you. ID resident.
bunch of spineless twattwaffles-your days in politics are numbered all of you who won't support the nominee-pink slipped by WTP
Yeah, Mike the perfect DUI victim can't handle locker room talk. I'm sure you've done it too. #hypocrite
were you driving drunk when you tweeted that?
Go get drunk, drive, find yourself a nice pole. Stay away from the play grounds and schools! Traitors and hypocrites!
yeah but you'll quickly help the #ClintonCorruptionMachine eh?  hmmm #WeThePeople WILL REMEMBER
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/sen-mike-crapo-pleads-guilty-to-dui-charge/ …
DO NOT VOTE FOR @MikeCrapo you should take full responsibility for your DUI karma traitor #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain
Drunk driving is a heck of a lot worse than vulgar comments!  http://politi.co/Upiudw  Should you resign after your 2013 DUI?
You're a cuck Mike. You've got no future in the GOP.

#OperationPurgeCucks
Time to make sure all who turn their back on our nominee suffer the Consequence's. We will not vote or fund any of you ever.
You are a fool Senator. You should stand on the right side of American Politics and not put us through hell with Clintons
We don't need you and the rest of the bought and sold GOPe, dems, and MSM HRC supporters to help @realDonaldTrump get elected.
All you elitists incumbents have lost your base. Voted republican all my life. Not this time. #VoteIncumbentsOut
how's the dui charge working for you? Moral high ground?
Look who's talking! Haha! You need to sweep off your steps first, loser!
HYPOCRITE DUI BACKSTABBING TRAITOR PUNK. WE WILL NEVER FORGET YOU CUCKS.
Mike IT IS TOO LATE
It's either Trump or Hillary
Dont treat us like idiots, it's why we are here in the first place

RU4 Hillary?
says the drunk driver who almost killed a child. Perhaps you should resign.
VOTE TRUMP, Republicans need to pull together and defeat the Democrats they are ruining our country.
must be back on the sauce. Lying drunk.
http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2016/10/if_you_think_donald_trumps_comments_are_vulgar_check_out_hillarys_potty_mouth.html … <<< you're a traitor and this is who you're supporting now. Classy.
Why do so many Mormons LIE?
Crapo lied about drinking
Harry Reid lies and slanders people non-stop
What religion condones that?!
The esteemed and SELF-RIGHTOUS Senator said he doesnt drink
but was convicted of DUI

So that makes you a LIAR too ! SCUM  !!
So abortion till birth is ok with you
really cast no stones https://twitter.com/cernovich/status/785640827661852672 …
Like the time you were arrested for drinking as a Mormon Should you be forgiven ?
You are an ANTI-Christian and a RADICAL Hypocrite ?
You still a DRUNK?  Only 3 years ago, not 11 yrs ago
The left wont reword you for this virtue signaling. All you are doing is playing right into their hands, its why they win


Ok Mr Holier than thou been drinking n driving lately
Where was the RINO outrage when Pedophile Senator Haskert was charged/prison for hush money paid to young boys he molested.None
so my questions is: why did you think you could have ever supported him in the first place?
all you Idahoans, don't vote for CRAP O.  He's a traitor!
@TeamTrumpAZ @LindaSuhler RT
WE STAND WITH TRUMP!!

ELITES WANT GLOBALISM & WE THE PEOPLE SAY NO!!!

DONT VOTE FOR @MikeCrapo 
so as an Idahoan, I see you as a traitor and will not vote for you.  Was going too.  I will leave that blank
see ya
Another Rino establishment Hillary supporter that must be voted out of office. These Rinos are a plague destroying the party.
One more 'Republican' to get rid of. Vote him out!
Did you write that after a couple of vodka and tonics? And Crapo- btw, you're in the crapper now!
Your judgement isn't very good on some basic things, let alone on whom to endorse.
Here's your new crew loser
We don't need to read your full statement. STOP DRIVING DRUNK, senator. You have a lot of nerve judging Trump. Fix yourself man.
I can see why your called Crap.
 It's probably all you know
look a constitutionalist! Sweet!

MR. CRAPO WE THE AMERICANS ARE DEMANDING YOU STEP DOWN FROM OFFICE FOR NOT SUPPORTING OUR CANDIDATE
MR. CRAPO, WE THE AMERICANS ARE REQUESTING YOU STEP DOWN FROM OFFICE FOR NON SUPPORT OF OUR CANDIDATE.
"Let thee without sin cast the first stone..."
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/sen-mike-crapo-pleads-guilty-to-dui-charge/ …
At least he doesn't drink alcohol...
Dads against Drunk drivers!!!
people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
if Pence is now the best Rep candidate. Where was he when  had a chance to beat Trump? HIDING LIKE THE REST OF YOU GUTLESS TURDS!
sorry you have failed as a leader please resign.
I am a @tedcruz supporter, but once he lost my vote goes to the nominee. I didn't throw you under the bus for your DUI! #Hypocrit
Still drinking and driving your holiness ?
you will not have my vote ever again
The same @MikeCrapo that got a DUI, potentially putting people's lives at risk? Lol
but you do support getting behind the wheel of a car drunk, and endangering the lives of MANY.
please consider putting your support behind @Evan_McMullin. A candidate with integrity, principles, and faith.
Now you decide to get a conscience? We are on the precipice and you won't back our only hope of getting out from under the whip
The REAL question here is WHY DID YOU ENDORSE HIM IN THE FIRST PLACE?
U lost my vote when u didn't back our candidate. Sad outcome for Supreme Court #LarryCraig
How do you manage to stay a senator when you just pled guilty to a DUI? And you have the nerve not to endorse Trump?  WOW!! 
Really? That's a vote for Hillary then. Looking forward to your primary, my support can go somewhere too!!
I can no longer vote for you because if you don't vote Trump, you are voting hillary, and that is despicable.
I will never vote for you again. Traitor
good thing there is a CON on the ballot against you. That makes things easier.
Trump is the people's choice.  Get behind him and support him or get out of office.
you Sir, are falling into the Left tactics to promote Hillary! We disagree with your reversal of Trump's endorsement!!
OK, you've done it.  I have always supported you, but will never vote for you again!!!!!!!!!!!!!  How many others out there?
GET OVER WHAT TRUMP SAID! This is how most men talk! WE don't care! ENDORSE & VOTE TRUMP or Hillary wins. THAT would be awful!
As a Republican, you embarrass me.  You're a RINO and a vote for Hillary.  Pathetic and sad.
Mike, you have hung yourself out to dry.
<< Who I will NOT be voting for at the election.  
#TrumpPence2016
@kmledf2 so... Political expediency. He's now totally toxic so you drop him? Where were you in Feb? July? You own him.
If you no longer want to support our nominee, and throw your support to Hillary it is YOU that needs to resign! #4MoreYears?
Up urs! Ur pathetic. So worried about yourself instead of this country. Ur the reason HRC will win, r u in her pocket?
.@MikeCrapo: 
So, voting for @hillaryclinton, are we, hypocrite? I can no longer stand behind you. 
#ryanddowns
I am no longer voting 4 U.  DUI Crapo?  Maybe U should have stepped down.  drinking is now allowed 4 LDS??
