Says the guy who almost exclusively uses twitter to wish congressmen and senators happy birthday.
You misspelled "were". It is spelled "are".
No the tweets by Trump were posted before Crapo's tweet therefore, were not are.
No. Trump tweets are unnecessary. First step the #maga=delete his Twitter acct.
@McCrostie4Idaho @refbsf_ralph @MikeCrapo But if they delete his twitter account people won't be reminded on a daily basis of how bad he is!
Is that a promise?
It sure seems to be working out that way. By the way, thanks for being my Idaho Rep.
Yah think?
How about his profit from office? Kids in position of power? And Treason? GOP your inaction is thunderous.
I appreciate your view however I think that perhaps it would mean more if it was more assertive
When the President of our United States is this undignified and base I expect MORE out of my Senator in response.
Better keep the damn legislators, look at all the leftists tweets. They want it and we are not going to let it happen in the north!!!!!
LEAVE DACA ALONE! Show some compassion!
Then stand up to him. Say no to #TrumpCare. 84% of Americans dislike it.
This tweet is disappointing yet predictable.
Please grow a pair and put a stop to the #POTUS  embarrassment!!
To say the least.
Your complaint rings hollow. @SHSanders45 says you "knew what [you] were getting when [you] elected Donald Trump."
GOPers should not be shocked that Trump engages in misogyny & hate after they enabled him. http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2017/06/hey-gop-trumps-misogyny-and-obsession-with-revenge-are-nothing-new/ …
Trump showed his true face & always has over the years. If you voted for him you should have known he was nasty! He ran on that! Bragged it!
So maybe you all need to stop playing trumps games.Make him accountable for his words and actions.
Wow!  Strong words, Mike!  I can see why you were elected.  I'll bet you have Trump rethinking his hatful tweets.
This is some bold leadership right here
Unnecessary ? U kidding ? How about offensive , insulting and low class. Add that one to @potus humiliating the Irish reporter
I think it's about time you leave President Trump alone and do your job and get on board with MAGA. This from one of your constituents.
Telling him to "do his job" when POTUS spends every weekend golfing and every weekday tweeting from the shitter. Irony game is so on point
And just like when he bragged about sexually assaulting women, I suspect you are going to keep right on supporting him anyway.
Of course he is.  Crapo is all about party, not country, not the citizens.
Unnecessary? How about rude, mean, unprofessional of an alleged world leader to be so crass. Makes him look like a 3rd grader.
As someone who voted for you in your last election, I would prefer you focus on supporting the President's agenda and not the fake media's.
It's time to double down: condemning the President's undignified, inappropriate, unprofessional, belligerent behavior Senator. Be our voice!
Unnecessary? Call it what it really is.
That's your only comment?  Unbelievable. They were also uncalled for. Unbecoming of the President. Unacceptable. The list goes on.
How bold of you!
@MikeCrapo I agree with you, my senator, 150%!
Wow, scathing.... I'm sure he'll stop immediately, spineless
Are you kidding me?! You are a stain on the great state of #Idaho. #countrybeforeparty.
A little weak Crapo!
stop blocking voters from your Twitter feed. #weak  #shallow #thinskinned
I would love to hear you speak on this. It was not just unnecessary for him to tweet this- it was damaging and sets a precedent.
It sparks a litany of damaging societal cycles. Imagine the social issues we could reduce by nurturing and empowering strong women.
It feeds into rape culture, sex as currency, our worth being defined by our physical appearance instead of our character and heart.
I don't know what your family is like, if you have daughters. But men like Trump use their power to scare women from speaking up. It hurts.
I hope you understand how deeply comments like these can hurt women, especially young ones. Consider taking a stronger stance?
What worries me is what Republicans are doing while everyone talks about Trump tweets. Dirty tricks. Secret meetings?
I can't believe you and I actually agree on something Sir
Crapo spewing...well...crap.
Wow all of 150 ppl find you worth responding too..#MAGA  @POTUS  needs u not!! Your Boise time is dated!
I'll drink to that!
I'll drink to that!
Typical republican response to anything trump
Change "unnecessary" to "morally unconscionable" and you might start to sound less complicit.
Use your position & voice to condemn his bad behavior. Your comment is weak & useless. I'm angry you lack ethical standards.
wow. This response is completely underwhelming. If this is your response you shouldn't have even bothered. He is unfit & unworthy
Stop hiding Senator. This goes far beyond tweets and you know it. The POTUS is unfit, stop supporting his behavior
Unnecessary.....? Please stop pretending to represent Idaho or any human being. You are clearly out of touch.
Uh, was this lame tweet necessary?
"Yes." - Jane
The lack of spine (recalling off and on again campaign endorsement) is just, frustrating. What's necessary is to stand up, hard.
And your response is unsatisfactory. How about showing some leadership?
You mean #disgusting #childish #not-acceptable
Is that it? Unnecessary?
Zeldin got it right! Those elected by the People must be of exceptional character and behave in a manner worthy of office & public trust.
As is most of the garbage you tweet.
You being a Senator in unnecessary. You're still jerking him off behind closed doors.
so every time libs attack Pres,then tweet ur support & how inappropriate they are.Goesboth way.chickenwho's pocket u in
I guess Melania's anti-bullying campaign is off to a slow start.
That's it? That's all you can say? pathetic!
They ARE unnecessary.
Really. That's it.
Hey, be a man and get some morals. It's time to condem trump. You see it, you just won't do it. Self interest above what's right?
We finally agree on something.
so is your comment. FOCUS on #RepealObamacare not replacing it, #KatesLaw #Jobs #energy #Veterans #Capitalism #MAGA  every dig @POTUS is bad
Don't you dare vote for his deathcare bill that will kill Americans
Not only were they unnecessary they were stupid and vulgar. Disappointed in your statement. This type of response enables his behavior.
"The President is an asshole."  - me
I am curious… What tweets are necessary to fulfill the presidential duties??
Please pull the plug.
The Media's Bullying and Lying is Unnecessary !!!  #MAGA
Me thinks you are afraid of that lunatic.... sad.
Disgusting. Sexist. Undignified. Beneath his position. Embarrassment to all Americans, especially American woman and girls. Enough!
Senator, someday this will be history and your grandchildren are going to read to see what you did and which side you were on.  Do better.
That's it?  Weak, Senator.  Very weak.
He's just trying to distract everyone while he tries to get the votes to cut Medicaid, which during his campaign he said he wouldn't do.  
my second cup of coffee today was unnecessary. The POTUS' tweets were unacceptable. There's a difference.
"Unnecessary is Idahoan for "dipsy doodle"
Thank u for speaking out Senator.  In a decent civilization people disagree without name calling.  Attack the topic not the person.
Bold stance there, Crapo.
Can't believe that's all you have to say. Hope you'll condemn the GOP healthcare bill as strongly...or...you can sentence seniors to death.
I can really feel the weight behind your words...
Thank you, and crude.
What fresh uselessness is this? 
Is your motto:
"meh, I guess I'll say something vague and arguably pointless" ??
That pretty much describes your performance the last decade. You're just a lackey of a party and a maniac now.
@AnnCoulter Trump's tweets are beneath the dignity of the White House, where presidents diddle interns with cigars and run guns to Mexico.
yes, so what. He at least is destroying the left. Tweet away Potus!
Trump was pig before the election and is even more of a pig now. Is that his only comments you find unnecessary?  #VoteThemOut
Bless you!!
Hey, if somebody else gets around to washing Trump's diapers Mike Crapo is willing to toss the fabric softener into the dryer.
Easy there let's not get crazy
I love the snowflake tears.  Libs never take into account what the abusive POS by-itch says about him EVERYDAY!  Her fav is his hand size...
@IdahoStatesman Don't care what the President says, Congress needs to get to work on healthcare and tax reform.
Thank you for being a stand for decency, now don't you dare vote for that horrible wealth care bill!!!!
Wimp
You think?
That's it?
Spoken like a true politician.  My god, does anyone have a backbone?
Way to come down super strong, Mike! 
...c'mon, man...Take a stronger stance on this, would ya??
Whoaaaa!!! Strong words Mike! Yikes!
Wow! Really calling him out there, aren't ya?
@MikeCrapo I bet #POTUS is stinging after that scolding!
No kidding. Way to take a strong stand senator...
"dad, is cyberbullying ok?"   "i dont know about that son, but it is unnecessary."
Trump's tweets were vulgar, crude, disgusting. They demean his office. It's hurtful to women everywhere even in Idaho. "Unnecessary?"
You know this is abhorrent behavior from an ignorant, troubled man. It won't get better unless you really call it out & refuse to accept it.
Not once has President Trump wrote me a condescending form letter like you haveThank GOD for twitter and President Trump 
Come on Mike.
Next election you'll be unnecessary Love our new president best we've had in decades 
What?
Ugh. Why bother to tweet this at all? With such a drab response, I'd say ur tweet is "unnecessary", sir.
Please show leadership here, he's not stable - this energy speech is solidifying it for me, Please love your country more than your party.
Stating the obvious does nothing to address the problem. It's time for @GOP to dump the chump @realDonaldTrump
Wow! He took one helluva stand there. I mean, this tweet was also unnecessary. But i didn’t offend anyone with it.
Unnecessary?  That's the strongest word in your vocabulary?  Come on Senator-POTUS is an embarrassment and this was beneath the office
Are you going to do anything about it?
I assume you mean all of them ever.  'Cuz they're all trash, not just today's.
Unnecessary (?)  I think they fall into the "Abusive" category.
Trying to pass a tax cut that strips insurance from 22 million folks is unnecessary. Donald's Tweets are disgraceful and shameful.
Really? That's all you have. To quote Cersei Lannister-you have all the courage of kitchen mouse, Senator.
Grow a set, Mike.  Fight back against the liberal media!
Woah Mike, don't go overboard. #youareunnecessary
If that's all you've got, your tweet is also unnecessary.
That's it?! You're a shameless obsequious huckster.
"The Senator's tweets were weaker than a mosquito's fart" - Alan Partridge
Your weak response is what enables this bad behavior. Like it or not, you own this guy.
Come on, you can do better than this.  Time to invoke the 25th Amendment and get him out of office.  He is clearly unhinged and unfit.
Agree Mike Crapo should of been removed along time agoGOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP and his new administration 
Are Russian tweet bots still around? Seriously?
With respect sir, they accurately reflect the mental fragility of a sitting president and highlight his priorities. We deserve to know.
Holy crap! Thank you Sweet Baby Jesus! It's a miracle! He's seen the light. What a day to be alive! Let's go Idaho! Goodbye Stone Age!
Every one who does nothing to stop this vile cruel evil madman is complicit in his offenses.    Stop this madness.  Impeach.
True! Nobody screams "bully" like a fake news journalist being hit back!  Love it that @POTUS fights back.  Mike needs a little more fight!
So is this tweet, unless you are really going to do anything about it.
Disagree.
We DT and I did NOT win with Political Correctness! The American People are well aware for whom they voted for. Enough of PC! Tatiana
ummm
So petty and damaging the #GOP agenda.
Did you....tweet quote yourself?
