#Resistance #removeTrump #25thAmendment He is dangerous as stated by A Dangerous Case of Trump - people who STUDY experts on disorders
Seriously doubt tax reform will pass. To many deadbeat do nothing politicians & special interest. Term limits & campaign reform is a must.
Why do you fear to say out loud what you all whisper about @POTUS?
Do wonder why a flat tax or a Fair Tax approach are, seemingly, never considered.
#ImpeachTrump #25thAmendment #UnfitForOffice #Dotard #FakePresident #LiarInChief #RacistInChief #SexualPredator #RussiaCollusion #GetHimOut
You and the rest of the @GOP followed the orders of the Koch brothers and not your constituents
TAXES how important are they right now, can you say the President is not acting at the bidding of a foreign agent or government?
What you did not get the memo? How come he did not enact that law, how is that not a breach of his oath of office?
Why are you all avoiding what you need to do which is Impeach @realDonaldTrump he is a clear danger, you need more reason Ask Admiral Rogers
You need the paper work on that? DO YOUR JOB AND SAVE AMERICA!
Need my address you are my Senator. I am demand this.
You can demand all you want good waist of time but when your on welfare you have all kinds of time. Your pathetic & ignorant.

I’m from Idaho and Mike Crapo is a Republican Party person, he’s not for Idaho, or America Crapo is for Party first
This crook @POTUS will do anything to distract from Russia. When will spineless @SenateGOP impeach this phony? @nytimes @seanhannity @MSNBC
When is corrupt @GOP going to hold @realDonaldTrump ACCOUNTABLE for collusion with Russians? #Treasonoustrump #CorruptGOP 
Phyllis ur still pushing this stupid Russia thing. You must really be in denial. No evidence just accusations & no prof.
@POTUS You mean tax cuts for the 1%? What a deal for Idaho! Disgusted Danforth Republican here.
No, building on the backs of hard working low and middle income folks. Liar.
Corp already have record profits/stock prices. Our unemployment lowest in many yrs. NO TO TAX CUTS! Use that money 4 disaster relief & infra

@GOP complicit treason,danger nukes, inciting racist NRA domestic terrorism, sabotaging ACA, corrupt lying #NoConfirmations #nullify2016
@SpeakerRyan  @HouseGOP  @NancyPelosi  More GOP BS!
If rule by EO order OK with you, why do we need congress?
This is impacting seniors, chronically ill, kids, everyone who is vulnerable. Especially in this state.
There is nothing you have said to lessen the impact of the EOs, meaning premiums higher now! Were high already.  Why do you stay silent?
Don't be a fool Mike. Trump has to go before our country is destroyed. You will reap what you sew.

We need to pass this bill like now. ...
Lies
we need a tax plan that doesn't raise the deficit.
"We have a lot of businesses... I don't think any of them are non-competitive in the world because of the corporate tax rate," WarrenBuffett
I think your all full of crapo
Tax break for the rich~1986 tax cuts tripled debt~setup economy for severe recession for Bush41~the rich got windfall everyone else paid
I’m not sure how anyone can support any yellow bellied pansy who is afraid to stand up Trump.
We're living with the malpractice of the last tax plan. 30+ yrs slow salary growth, no pension plan, a recession, etc. & #TheRichProsper
This is wrong time for tax"reform". Too many disasters at one time need money u want to give away in tax cuts. Many jobs in disaster relief.
Lies9
Haven't heard anything from @SenateGOP . If you condemn sexual assault say so. If you condone sexual assault don't say anything.
It's a tax giveaway to the rich while the middle-class pays for it that exactly what it is no one benefits except the rich how is that fair
Damn I am so glad his dad was not my dad. Nothing personal sir. The last name brings up a whole range of thot.

Ironic name -
There is going to be hell to pay when elections come if you guys keep moving on to the next thing while not fixing things you have up on!
get done or leave no excuses
#NOTAXREFORM until @potus releases his TAX RETURNS!! #CrookedTrump #Emoluments #ConflictsOfInterest 
Our country is in desperate need of revenue and you dolts want to help your billionaire donor/owners instead of our citizens. Sad. Bigly

Susan Collins: Trump is "affecting the ability of vulnerable people to receive health care right now." 
Tax reform built on years of Crapo.  Yeah, that sounds about right.
And I am sure your corporate masters will appreciate all that "hard work" when they get that huge tax-cut cut they paid you for.
It is a trillion dollar tax cut for the rich. You are a liar and thief and no one should listen to you!
you are only interested in tax cuts for the rich paid for by everyone else. No, thank you!
Back your president
Who will ripoff Republicans know how to Cheat us out money Pro Rich
could write all your accomplishment on a cocktail winner napkin
This reform is crazy! Tax CUTS with all the Climate disasters? Your priorities are only for the rich while the rest of us pay for it..SMH
Really? And 3 weeks effort on Repeal/Replace? Tell you what #ImpeachTrumpNOW & we'll talk. While he remains in Office, harming #Americans no
Selling out Americans to the highest bidder. Thanks so much. Every single member will benefit but not every voter not even every Republican

Well you are not going to get it this way. Abandon your foolish, non-workable trickle-down ideology and then we can talk. think Kansas. 
You ignored every single aspect of healthcare reform- from aarp, to pediatricians, to governors, to ins cos themselves.  This is not good
We need tax "reform" but, DT's tax proposal is hodgepodge "cuts" that are not tethered together into a comprehensive "plan" with the budget
You seriously want to own this? 
You can only literally and figuratively crap on the voters so many times before they quit on you.
Crap-o is the perfect term here
this tax and budget slaughter is crapo
Years of work.
Complete Public Auditable Studies, not one a series
The Press and the Country want to know if it deserves attention.
Take a listen people. This is about blowing up Obamacare, on purpose. Your healthcare insurance
Bannon tells 'Values Voters Summit' Trump pulled CSR payments to 'blow up' Obamacare exchanges, make prices skyrocket. 
