shame on you for supporting Sessions and thereby, racism
Most americans understand that "racism" is what far left cries when they have no actual facts or argument.
Yes, Senator, patience is needed for a policy enacted without forethought, planning or humanity. Patience indeed.
Hmmm,  what about Saudi Arabia - you know the country where 19 of the terrorists from 9/11 were from.  This was a FAIL
This order has not made us safer. It goes against everything this country stands for. Denounce this action.
Vote NO on Sessions.
no surprise, a non statement. The EO is unethical, wrong, and UNCONSTITUTIONAL. Wrong side of history again sir.
Let's not for get the countries trump didn't include who have known terrorists.
These issues should have been worked through BEFORE the order was rushed through. Chaos reigns- help stop it not enable it
Do you also agree with the total disregard of judicial orders & rule of law by the executive branch? #ThatsNotConservative
Your situational ethics astound me. Stand up for the constitutional principals you swore an oath to support
. . . Meaning what?  Let us know when you make up your mind.
Better air bags would protect more Americans than this executive order. #idahoan #RegisteredToVote
Put country first. 500,000 and growing every day. Impeach narcissist trump.
COWARD
You fully support hate? Idaho and America will remember in 2020.
These are countries which trump has business ties to. How does it feel working for a corrupt narcissist?
I feel safer in a roomful of refugees than in a roomful of gun-toting whites.
As an Idahoan I depend on you to rep and defend us from actual danger. I need you to put your state and country before your party
Vetting already takes two years or more. Countries in ban have cause ZERO fatalities What about white homegrown terrorists?
Please be stronger.  Weak reply to disastrous implementation. (And unconstitutional. You make no reference to that).
Vote NO on Sessions!
Do your job as an employee of the citizens of IDAHO. Don't support this nonsense or we, your BOSSES, will fire you.
Please do not confirm @SenatorSessions. Please use your backbone for good and not evil.
Will be problems when Reps try to counter @POTUS44's presidency. You must move forward for the people. #MoveOnForIdaho
can you explain what "more fully vet" means?  So far, feels like your CYA from @potus while trying 2 keep public happy
You are afraid to stand up this TRUMP bully.  Too bad this isnt the playground anymore.  US reputation is at stake
Translation: I don't want to get on Trump's bad side after what happened to Sally Yates. Grow a backbone and oppose the ban.
resign!! Your thinly veiled racism makes you unfit for office
.@MikeCrapo You've spoken out on the travel ban. Will you vote no on Sessions tomorrow? Or refuse to approve until WH changes policy?
You don't respect anything except to tow the line. Embarrassed for our country.
you do realize Mormons faced this type of persecution.your base will not be happy.
Sir:We the People ask you to review the Jan.6 CAC letter to you regarding Jeff Sessions being unfit to be Atty Gen.--Vote No.
Remember your heart and convictions and that you too swore to uphold the constitution. You can be strong and do what is right.
we may disagree, I appreciate your responding to me. @GOP will be left behind with this @POTUS. #SaneRepublicans @billmaher
I don't think those consequences were unintended
Vote on the right side of history.  No on #Sessions
Y not put a hold on it until it's fixed, or the Supreme Court states it's really a Muslim ban, and unconstitutional?
just to clarify, you are indeed in favor of violating the constitution? Do your constituents know this?
ID does NOT agree with you.  No evidence that refugees make us less safe.  Stand against POTUS EO.  #youworkforus
intentions would be a rework of vetting in country, not a ban at our borders.
the state of idaho calls on you to be an effective check on the executive-@POTUS #reckless
Deeply disappointed. You had a choice b/w standing up for 
American values or political expediency. You have chosen the latter.
support this administration.
.@MikeCrapo Hey - why the hell are Cong. staffers signing NDAs with the Trump administration in drafting EOs??
OMFG
dont agree but u atleast acknowledge it.that said no excuse but 2defend the scapegoated+policy willb counterproductive @acluidaho
Please stand up and fight for what is right. You know this order is a mistake. #StopPresidentBannon
I do not think consequences are unintended. The POTUS values power more than people #Idaho #RefugeesWelcome
I am extremely disappointed with in you Senator. We have elected this President and we expect your support, period.
very disappointed in you. 
really?  That's your stand?  Religious freedom is a fundamental right. You should know that
The second is equally important: 'Love your neighbor as yourself.' No other commandment is greater than these."
why don't we talk about what it means to be a truly Christian nation
The Lord watches over the foreigner and sustains the fatherless and the widow, but he frustrates the ways of the wicked.
Stand up for the #Idaho constitution. "The exercise and enjoyment of religious faith and worship shall forever be guaranteed."
I really expected so much more from you. Where is your spine??
..On this matter you should be supporting Trump.  It's time to act as a democrate and stick together
the POTUS' executive order is short sighted, and leaves potential allies without a lifeline. I'm disappointed.
put your vote where your heart ought to be. VOTE NO to REX TILLERSON appnmt. CEO Exxon/ strong business ties with Russia shame!
Do you really believe @Potus will stop with Islam? With the US-Mexico border? Slippery slope. Denounce bigotry now.  #ResistTrump
Patience?? It was dumped on CBP & travelers like an ice bucket! You want patience?
Syrian families waiting 2 years don't need more vetting. Idahoans are more worried about fully vetting the cabinet. NO to deVos.
Denounce these fascist and illegal tactics of @POTUS. To do otherwise makes you look amoral and inhumane to constituents like me.
You have 3 refugee agencies in Boise so you know the stringency of refugee vetting. Insist trump follow protocol in orders
You agree with his INTENTION? Being neutral in situations of injustice means you've chosen the side of the oppressor. Do better 
Inadequate. Time to choose: America or Trump. #MuslimBan
hi sir thanks
There is already a well vetted solution in place. Can you offer any "factual" evidence that it is not working?
how about this.... seems pretty un-fucking American
I am extremely disappointed in you. Not only that you'd accept this religious test, but that u won't acknowledge this weakens us
Way to have a backbone. Spineless political jargon. The ban is unconstitutional. Be a leader for the people who need it.
This is cowardly and un-american.
You're a sackless power-hungry Trump-apologist sycophant
Don't you want to be on the right side of history on this? This isn't the time to fall in line. Oppose the #MuslimBan
, don't hedge! Take a stand! This order makes us less safe at home and abroad!
We will be voting all of you out of office if you continue to rubber stamp this crazy person!!!
Also, @MikeCrapo, why was Mexico not listed? If we are building a wall to keep us safe, shouldn't we restrict Mexican air travel as well?
Respectfully, @MikeCrapo @Raul_Labrador @CongMikeSimpson @SenatorRisch, absent any hard data, this ban is clearly based on irrational fears.
Good!  Stand with Trump and have a backbone!
Dear @MikeCrapo, can you please share data on how much safer we will be? Deaths from refugees are nonexistent from what I can tell.
For example, @MikeCrapo, as I'm sure you are aware, deaths related to drunk driving are far, far greater than deaths via refugees.
But, @MikeCrapo, we tolerate freedom to consume alcohol and drive. Why single out refugees?
That's bullshit.
Now that's a bunch of "Crapo"!
This is a joke. Are the detainee's being allowed lawyers yet? are the CBP officers now given the rights of the KGB?
Appears a large number of your constitutes are well educated and not likely to blindly trust you...  Refreshing!
A step in the right direction but you can do better.  Stand up and OPPOSE the unconstitutional and un-American Muslim ban.
Would be nice if @POTUS had a bit of patience before ruining country's global reputation and stranding innocent people.
yes they were I believe @realDonaldTrump said "It is working nicely" wtf is that shit!
Coward. Before you went to DC you had two things you lack now, a spine and integrity.
Good one! (or two)
"Working through the plans" is what you do BEFORE implementing. "Act now, figure out later" is martial law, not democracy.
All of your future statements should just read "I'm scared of Trump and worried about re-election." So transparent. Gross
People who would give up a little liberty for a little security lose both and deserve neither, Ben Franklin
Good job @MikeCrapo for acknowledging that security is important but this order was bungled in design.
Hell no! This guy is insane.Banno at his side we will not survive another month.He is unfit and incompetent.
Senator, please hold up all the nominations until Bannon is out.
SHOULD PEOPLE ILLEGALLY DETAINED IN AIRPORTS JUST BE PATIENT AS YOU GUYS WORK THROUGH YOUR PLANS?
.@POTUS showed a complete lack of understanding of how such a program should be rolled out. Also, this does not make us safer.
you are my Senator. Delete this. You know better.
