please vote No on DeVos nomination. You must consider your constituents over your wallet.
please vote no on DeVos! She's not qualified.
Pls listen to yr constituents and vote to uphold integrity, competence & Church/State separation in gov't – vote "no" on DeVos.
please vote no on Devos. Your vote will stop Devos from taking away support of the public school system. Thank you for your time!
PLEASE as an educator I beg you to vote NO to DeVos
Please...kids before party!
based on the comments I see, you might consider looking for a new job.
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!!
don't pretend you can't hear us b/c of the high volume. Check your Twitter to see that no one wants you to vote for DeVos.
.@MikeCrapo  I met you a few years ago in Southern CA and you seem to be a pragmatist. Please be a GOP hero and vote 'no' on DeVos.
. If one goes to crapo's t page, one will see he fully supports the Muslim ban.
please support H.R.975
Make sure the telephone works for the voices of the many many who need to call you
@ActualEPAFacts Constituent from Nampa here, couldn't get through to your Boise office so I sent an email yesterday! No on DeVos!
too bad you didn't vote for the future and good of the country. Will vote for your opponent in next election
your #GOP president was elected by a minority - should act less unhinged & humble. If U Confirm Devos I will work to unseat U.
UR Constituents DEMAND investigate #illegitimate #president + #Russia BEFORE we ever vote on #trump #swamp Cabinet or #SCOTUS!
@ActualEPAFacts This is how it's done @SteveKingIA @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst
VOTE NO on nomination of incompetent ideologue Betsy DeVos @Betsy DeVos. American children deserve better!
vote NO for Devos!! Please for the sake of our children!
I've called several times, but the problem isn't that I'm not getting through, it's the message that isnt getting through.
Think of the world of difference we would be in, if Bernie Sanders had been elected. voters don't deserve trump.
once again crapo proves he is a so called senator
@ActualEPAFacts vote no to DeVos.
Im asking you turn your attention to DeVos vote. please do the right thing. Children over partisan politics. A principled vote.
BetsyDeVos she's an absolute disgrace to the educational system in America #NotoDeVos
@batched_fufi Remember that congress does NOT have the Electoral College, popular vote only. Vote no on DeVos
@ActualEPAFacts You're a coward that isn't listening to your people. Telling ppl you already made up your mind. #nevervoteCrapo
In the #DeVosvote, you not only represent Idahoans, but also millions of American children. We are ALL your constituents on this.
Please do not send your constituents a form letter in reply like my congressman @repjimrenacci did. It was insulting.
@ActualEPAFacts In other words, please email me with your concerns so that I can ignore them if they are opposite of GOP agenda.
@ActualEPAFacts Mid-term elections will be an excellent time to #draintheswamp and elect responsive #Rep
you can bet I will. Have a spine, and stand up for America. NO on DeVos!!! #NoonDeVos #nobetsydevos #devos #devosvote
If you're not from Idaho, please don't try to contact Crapo. You will be ignored and you only get in the way of Idahoans.
vote no on DeVos
country before party.
@ActualEPAFacts can you forward our messages to @SenToomey? He seems to not want to hear what his constituents think.
@ActualEPAFacts Remember if you don't get a response, he'll be up for election & YOU can make him jobless
Send faxes, keep calling, show up at offices. The website is the easiest way for them to ignore you
Constituant from 83815.  Do the right thing and vote no to Betsy DeVos, save our public education system.
No to De Vos! Our children deserve better. Time to step up Mike , why do you think your phone is so busy? #noDevos
Vote NO on Betsy Devos.  Completely unqualified, vouchers not good for Boise schools, dangerously ignorant, that's her.
Why would you vote yes for DeVos? A man w/ integrity would realize this is terrible; no wonder why ID is almost DFL in education.
UR phone would not be so busy if U would vote honorably & not vote 4 Devos, Pruitt, Price, Sessions &all the rest of the scumbags
vote no on Betsy Devos. She is completely unqualified. Having billions of dollars does not mean you can make decisions about Edu.
you will not receive my vote for voting for DeVros, YOU are not listening
I guess you had trouble hearing everyone who called to say no to #BetsyDeVos - sad for teachers everywhere.
Seems like they dont care about the future of our children.
#onlyinitforthemselves
I teach in Boise and am very worried for Idaho, due to some serious holes in education already.
Given that ID is damn near last in education anything that brings the quality of education down even more is scary.
Have done. However, I am concerned you will not receive comments before DeVos vote.
Facebook posted your explanation for voting for DeVos. 99% Neg comments. You care more about $/Party than our children. :(
I heard you're voting 'yes on DeVos.  How could you let our kids down like that?  Especially the kids from rural areas!
No on DeVos
vote no on DeVos
Please consider
Dear, Senator Crapo - Spokane, WA here, Please vote No on DeVos - she is woefully unqualified for the most important position. :)
Do what is right. Vote No on Devos. Teachers are more qualified for this position. She doesn't even no the laws.
Will the Dept of Educat send ltrs to all parents/guardians that BD is not highly qualified if she is confirmed?
Start voting NO on cabinet. Start with DeVos. Remember Trump did not get the majority of the popular vote.
vote note on repeal of Ava
vote note on devos
Please place Idaho's students and teachers ahead of party loyalty
and why are your lines busy?  Because we're upset here in ID and you're not doing anything. HELP US
Please Oppose DeVos! She is the worst person for our schools! Unqualified, misguided & unethical. Please VOTE NO on DeVos!
vote NO on DeVos. Idaho kids deserve better - we, as a nation, can do better. She is unqualified and paid for her nom. Not okay!
so you can delete them?
Do the right thing - No on DeVos!  She's got no business being in that position.
Vote no on Devos. unknowledgeable on Sped Laws = Unacceptable! Slash and burn Trump style is not for our kids!!
for a better future for Idaho kids, vote no on Betsy devos!
When is your next in-person town hall meeting? I'd love to hear what you have to say.
I just called your Boise office. Your staff is great, working hard to take your calls. I'm skeptical that you even listen or care
no on DeVos!
It's too bad you aren't actually listening to those calls & continue to vote party loyalty rather than what yr constituents want.
Be a man and vote in your country's best interest instead of your party's when it comes to DeVos.
Sorry Mike, we will continue to call because we know you do not answer emails or tweets.
Thanks CrapO.
