
you really believe this crap Molly Jong?  Apparently you are so naive!
Why are pics of his meetings awesome? Ready... Go!
hahahaha. The pics indicate working? They are self-serving smokescreens. I know that Trumpers can't relate.
You're ok with him selling out our nation the Russia? Let me guess, #FakeNews. He's trying to distract.
Who the .... cares. Wasting time tweeting and risking the National security of the country, blaming others for your prob.
As white as the day is long. Looks pretty swampy. Good thing #impeachment is on the horizon.
you wish
Good one, egg.
It was an honor to attend it.
What was in that iced tea, anyway?
So many white folk!
Democrats have to realize Obamacare ruined the healthcare industry
do you mean you had an affair and also grated cheese
To understand what is necessary for the correct external US Policy, take away the photo in the center, then put together
Waste of space all of them
@Italians4Trump @WhiteHouse What do you think about Malik Obama's tweet showing BHO's real? Birth certificate?
@steph93065 @WhiteHouse Keep up the great work
Wow, yet another photo op of a sea of white men.  No wonder this administration is in its own death spiral.
the first, then the last, then the second, then the fourth. And foreign policy (USA) will be clear.
target libs like o targeted conservatives
Mitch McConnell on whether Mexico will pay for the wall: "Uh, no,"
.@POTUS @WhiteHouse Nice photos of a bunch of rich people plotting to gain wealth at the cost of the poor.
president the only guy who drinks Coke
who is the one woman in those pictures?
Ck white house  for bugs  dems will stop at nothing
Are you all laughing because you just screwed more poor people?
DJT's doing an amazing job-24/7-He welcomes meeting with th opposition-is easily available 2 them-achievement's happening
totally forgot to unfollow this account after @BarackObama left. Cheers for the reminder.
Hey that's great! You guys should really talk about the LOGAN ACT!
pray for the people who are going to lose their insurance.
What about those that already did, as well as lost their doctors?
how many was that?Because over 20 mill Americans will lose health care
You've made it clear to everyone here you don't understand the difference between insurance and healthcare.
Give me just one example of a nation with a free market based health delivery system that works.
that's not exactly what I'm arguing for.
aw, look at all the rich white people

Offer Americans the same health care benefits received by Congress or cut the crap!  You only care about the rich. PERIOD
keep their feet to the fire. @SpeakerRyan did a great job of explaining process, pace & rationale.
Lets get going on your promises: http://jmkthought.blogspot.com/2017/02/what-promises-did-president-trump-make.html …
WOW talk about zero diversity!!
Why are you so mean?
thank you sir
you'regoing to
the purge will happen soon!!!!!!!!!!!!
heard your interview with Howard Stern, why did you let him talk to your future wife like that? It sickened me
its time once again for your favorite Republican game show...SPOT THE MINORITY!!!!!  that's right, you know the rules.
Putting the WHITE back in the White House I see.
His pictures are always like a sea of white. I'm not sure how liberals are the ones deemed snowflakes.
PHOTOSHOPPED. FAKE ICED TEA.
so glad you were there to prove that
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
If Congress wants to change ACA they need to drop their free platinum plans & use what they think is good enough for us.
EVERYONE MUST DRINK ICED TEA YOU HAVE NO CHOICE HERE
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @verge
Terrific to see you people who dress like robots trying to represent people like me. Oh, thank gawd there was one women wearing beige!
Look at all the phony smiles and forced laughter. Do you actually think any of these people actually likes you? Doubtful!
please help me in the process of health. I hope you will do something.
what are you giving away to the corporations and wealthy today?
Donald Trump is a Russian-compromised *traitor* to the United States of America. #TrumpRussia

You at least have to have the token black guy, no?
Wow.  Look at all of those rich white men
Thank you, President for actually working each day.  What a change!
Can anyone identify what all those people have in common? rhymes with night. #lackofdiversity

http://www.angrypatriotmovement.com/democrats-stole-291-million/ …
Wow, look at all the people of color at that meeting. Kinda looks like a Klan rally at first glance, but worse.
"And then, when the music stops, everybody sit in a chair..." (First picture)
too busy today, too busy following all the #trumprussia fun! 
Sir, please do what you campaigned on and scrap obamacare.  We are counting on you to do it.  Thank you.
@PressSec @WhiteHouse 
How do you know Spicey? half of your answers all day long are "I don't know, ask ....."
Sad representation!
Nothing is GREAT if you are there or have any part of it!
while you are all there, confirm his cabinet!
Congratulations on your new Chinese trademarks! You have violated the constitution. Resign! #Emoluments #CrookedTrump
There is nothing great about anything you do!
Look, a room full of racist white people.
You know all about affairs don't you
so is no one else aloud to have soda at these circuses?
I'm pretty sure this is you pretending to do work again.
good to know all the Republican mafia are in the same room.
i support you 100% but your Healthcare bill is ridiculous. God help us!
Will you be colluding in FLA. this weekend? Will tax payers be on the hook again? Let's talk about Russia.
@PressSec @WhiteHouse great more ways to screw the #poor #sick and #elderly. You all must be proud of yourselves killing #Americans
Very diverse group of white males. Oh, sorry, there's a female there, my bad. It's a start!
thank you  Mr President
How many laws will U break and try 2 get away with in your next 30 days? Remember, U work 4 us, Con Man. #Illegitimate
Looking kinda pale and male in there, Chief.
They're havg the experience of a lifetime w @realDonaldTrump, ppl who've met him say they liked him, incl AlecBaldwin
sir trump good job im proud to have u our president it's about time.
@PressSec @WhiteHouse Love the gender equality.
I see one token woman
STOP MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX MAKING MONEY SALES TO SYRIA!
What a gang of thieves and lairs. None care about the average American. ALL HAVE PROVED THEY DO NOT CARE BUT FOR RICHES.
Wow.  That is the whitest room I've ever seen.  Your buddy David Duke will be so proud.#Resign
Make America Grey Again - by that I mean make it old white dudes, and one token female 
sorted Wenger's new contract yet?
DONT get used to this #trumprussia. U'll soon be impeached! #resistance #fakepresident
Need dump free illegal immigrants healthcare. This is for the American citizens not illegals, just remove it
Done already as there is no health care coverage for anyone without a SS #, next issue?
With our President Bannon?
Great Weekend Your Honorable Mr. President Donald J. Trump
keep deleting those tweets! https://twitter.com/thehill/status/839927542576529411 …

did they tell you what a shit job you're doing? If not that's a room full of yes-men.
did you talk about anything besides yourself?
caddilac tax got to go out of new health are.Why is corrupt head of IRS not fired!Flat tax all pay even visitors no IRS.
Nice meeting.
Great legislative meeting on figuring out new ways to fuck Americans over 
the lack of diversity and inclusiveness is mind boggling. #whitepowerwhitehouse PS, you suck as a president
Wikileaks is not the enemy!Its the CIA spying on people of the U.S. No-one is drinking the koolaid the CIA is putting out
Look at that diversity! Oh right. There is no diversity. Nice touch with your token black and woman.
Let's have a little bit party!!
Going to dump it before out the gate! U don't get it! Have U read it?
Enjoy it while you can.  Impeach @realDonaldTrump
@Reince @Reince45 @RNCPRBS Makes me nervous how Reince never has a smile on his face in pictures when MOST others do! ???
when will you be releasing your tax returns like you said you would? #TaxReturns
The PR POTUS?
I knew those hypocritical Republicans were having affairs!
everyone looks like their having a great timeGlad for you Mr President 
What? No golf?
is it just me-- where is the diversity....
really looks very white. Great job reflecting the diversity in America 
where are the last ten years of your tax returns?
house of lies.
skip lunch ,get to work #comradetrump .
do-little donnie, the narcissistic fascist tyrant! I'll bet a good lawyer could make a case of collusion against you! SAD
hope they get the job done
Nice press op.  Why so quiet? Кошка вас поняла?
you are not qualified to be PRESIDENT or anything else in government
were proud of you mr president the only thing we wish would change is the libtards not benifit from what you are doing
Lies Lies Lies!  What President tweets this shit!  Great blah blah!  Unpresidential Trump that's who!  Russia Russia
check
@Mgkeuler58 @WhiteHouse 
Awesome!! You're great at this job!!!
Thx 4 working so hard to MAGA! 
#Defund #Sanctuary cities.
White trash in the WhiteHouse
So how is Vladmir doing? I am sure he was sitting with you.
keep up the good work president Trump it's devastating to the liberal snowflakes you are making America great again! LOL
greater if it included more of our country ideas and responses.  Change or forget next Elections.
What are the premiums and deductibles for Congress's health plan? Do they worry if their child gets cancer how to pay?

So diverse....
LOVING THAT THE FBI IS NOW BRIEFING CONGRESS CONCERNING YOUR ILLEGAL ACTS AND LIES.
It's sad that the only work the govt has done this year has been to tear down the American people and build up the rich
bullshit
Yes, go, Sir 
Looks like they're having fun! What is the name of the game, 

"Who gets the woman?
wonderful sir.   Good luck
"Great Meeting?" That's a laugh. HEALTH CARE IMPLOSION potus* & staff unable to manage congress. DEMS midterms LANDSLIDE!
keep up the good work your honor. Like President Regan said " Do not mide the Turkeys". You are the best forget the rest.
I don't see anyone that represents me in your pics Mr. President.
@PressSec @WhiteHouse, @POTUS, why such a secret?  Tillerson and Spicer didn't even know abt ur MX mtg!  Bad business.  Bannon is bad
White, white, bald, orange and white. 1 female, also white. Suits everywhere.
You really need to add some adjectives to your vocabulary. Every meeting can't be "great." #notmypresident #impeach45
10 s!

Your tweet has been liked by 10 people. https://favstar.fm/t/839928393437028352 …
You really need to add some adjectives to your vocabulary. Every meeting can't be "great." #notmypresident #impeach45
what did they thing of your new whore houses in China?
Everyone laughing, having a great time, while You ruin millions of American lives. You Suck! #ImpeachTrumpNow #NoRepeal
- HOLY SHIT - How'd that woman get in there??
you don't have a clue what you're doing do you? #trumpisanidiot #bannonpuppet
Another meeting where you and the GOP plot to destroy our lives and the planet and call it MAGA. No thanks.
@PressSec @WhiteHouse Hey girl (Sean) why was the 1 woman right next to the #PussyGrabber?
this meeting had nothing to do with the American people. It's all about Trump brand. So sad.
hope you were able to sweep everything in the White House for electronic surveillance devices!
Oh, so encouraging to see the token woman in the photo as usual. Otherwise might think gov't was a big old patriarchy!
Thank you for all you are doing to make a difference in America. If you ever need a small bz perspective, let me know!
clowns to the left, jokers to the right. There you are, right in the middle. Biggest joker clown of all!
good to see all constituencies represented
