If you would like to donate blood for the injured victims of the Strip shooting visit the Labor Health & Welfare Clinic, 7135 W. Sahara.
No one in Nevada needs to shoot 100s of bullets without reloading to hunt ducks. Pass a ban on high capacity magazines NOW.
Only the law abiding would obey such a law.  Criminals will always be able to get them. Guns don't  kill: people kill.
It'd be a lot harder for dumb people to pick up an AR-15 if they weren't manufactured on a commercial scale.
This is so inappropriate.  Stop politicizing tragedy
There are 92 totally preventable gun murders in America every single day @jspragens. According to your illogic, it's NEVER appropriate!
Preventable?  Then prevent them. They are almost exclusively in Democrat controlled cities with the tightest gun control in America
Sen. Rubio: The NRA paid you $3.3MILLION dollars from weapons sales. You make a huge profit frm weapons:including profit from MachineGuns#LV
If you are a senator in Nv, please initiate gun control legislation. Maybe so much blood wont be needed going forward
If you’re in Nevada, please consider electing a new Senator in November 2018.  One who will support common-sense gun control measures.
That is our plan 
How about you donate your NRA campaign $ to the victims? How about you never take another penny & extract yourself from their evil clutches?
Alright
They  should have plenty of blood by now. If you really wanna do good phone spam your congressional  reps And stop letting the NRA buy them.
You should leave town Dean
If you’re a Nevada senator consider keeping health care available for the 500+ victims that were shot by the weapon you helped keep legal.
If you're in Nevada, consider replacing this RINO Senator in the primary but donate blood in the meanwhile
If you are in the senate please consider gun reform
Why don't you consider returning $ that NRA gave you to do nothing about gun control? BTW, they gave Heller more
#AnotherRepublicanHypocrite
https://www.facebook.com/TheWeekInTrump/videos/705600936302824/ … #TRUMPSKATRINAS
If you’re a Nevada senator that voted in favor of gun rights, consider changing your stance in the wake of this unnecessary tragedy.
Or banning assult rifles, large magazines, doing your job the safe guard America from you and how you vote
How about doing something about gun control? AR15 assault weapon ?This is on u all & NRA blood money. Reap what u sow. Save UR prayers, ACT!
You should consider your votes that allow assault weapons @NRA
How about you DONATE YOUR BLOOD MONEY?! HOW MUCH DID THE NRA PAY YOU???
If you weren't so busy kissing the NRA's butt maybe people wouldn't need blood!
If you're in Congress please consider your insane position against gun safety
Why don't you pass a law prohibiting sales of high capacity magazines?
I say they destroy the 2nd amendment except for the military..
Yesterday there were 5000 in line waiting to donate.
What is your plan to prevent mass shootings?
How about stop kissing @NRA ass? NV has some of laxest US gun laws. No gun control? Stop making it easy to get them and silencers etc.
If you’re in Congress, please consider doing something more.
Make sure this crazed lunatics assets are frozen for the victims please.
If you're in congress, please consider donating a #GunControl  law!
Please consider not taking blood money from the NRA in order to allow more guns into the hands of lunatics #guncontrolisnotadirtyword.

Checking out the silent auction at the NRA GALS & GUNS event in Reno. I proudly stand with the #FriendsofTheNRA to protect the #2A 
and if you are representing Americans please consider gun control.
If you're in Nevada, please consider supporting a US Senate candidate who won't accept money from the NRA.
they are so backed up they are taking appointments for Thursday and Friday.
 amen!  Private citizen needs a weapon like this. Pass a law or shut up!
Please consider returning your $ from the #NRA, or better yet, donate it to help cover medical costs of the victims with no health insurance
Said the guy who voted against every restriction on weapons of mass murder.
Can you ask the NRA, for donations? They seem to be involved.
that mean tweet isn't true, you'd be a great friend. U r very nice to those older people, be proud of yrself. Go to Vegas next.
Will donations start out of state as well?

TODAY trump should issue a stop on any automatic gun and high capacity ammo until this sorted out! @realDonaldTrump makes good EO.
Strive to do at least half of what the average Nevadian does and perhaps do you job. And keep your Nevada guns the hell out of safe states
After you donate blood, how about passing some gun legislation so this doesn’t happen so often? Ban automatic weapons.
Please consider stronger gun laws so these things don't keep happening. You and the GOP are complicit.
How about voting NO on SHARE act is a start
If you're in Las Vegas, please consider donating your time to help vote this NRA-loving shill outta office.
If you are in DC, and a US Senator, consider getting rid of assault weapons. This is on the GOP and NRA
Hey Dean, consider not legislatively supporting silencers on guns. K, thx Sincerely, a Nevada voter
Care to pony up all your NRA $ for the victims or is it easier to just ask us to keep donating blood to their victims. Asking for 58 people.
AND if you're a politician, you could donate the million the NRA has given you to the victims' families?
AND If you're a senator who took $ from the gun lobby to oppose stricter gun laws pls consider donating it to victims, it's least you can do
You should consider resigning.
Whore of NRA, GOP merchants of death, they kill health care for poor but support silencers and amour piercing bullets. Death is your legacy
A bunch of us are bringing a group together & work toward not supporting any candidate that won't ban assault weapons. That won't help u.
If you’re a senator in NV please consider voting for gun control
Please give back thousands of dollars you took from gun lobby NOT to protect my family. #GunControlNow #PrayForLasVegas but #DoMoreThanPray

Newtown, 20 6-7 yrolds mowed down in class, One Child found in arms of teacher, both dead, Read this last part outloud 2x please
Good point Senator but we equally need a serious gun reform
You voted to take away health care from millions 

cc: @Culinary226 @IndivisibleTeam @AFLCIO @AARP @DNC @MMFlint @Teamsters @NationalNurses
Good point.
@credoaction You voted down gun safety measures supported by 86% of Nevadans. For money.
How about you consider GUN CONTROL. Or will you vote to legalize silencers with the rest of your NRA owned GOP?
You NRA shill.
If you are a politician in Las Vegas, pleasr consider, doing something to stop this crap from happening again.  How about that?
It's wrong that Republicans are not using the actual power they have to stop the massacres. Do your job & Stop helping to kill Americans
Please do more than ‘consider’ sensible gun control legislation; reach across the aisle and support bills that can help keep us safe.
If you're in Congress, please consider fighting for solutions to end gun violence.
And if you are in Congress please consider voting for sensible gun safety legislation.  Why should a private citizen own an assault weapon?
Gee, just think if he’d had a silencer everyone seems to want these days. Shame on you, Dean Heller. Shame.
How much money have you taken from the NRA, Senator? And what do you plan on doing regarding stricter gun laws going forward?
Donating blood is good for the people to do, how about you stop taking money from the NRA and do something about gun violence.
should be plenty on your hands
If you are a GOP Senator running for re-election in Nevada, please consider the blood on ypur hands, you NRA stooge.
I’m thinking it’s a good thing all those ACA efforts failed for people in hospitals in Las Vegas, wouldn’t you agree Sen Heller
Seb Heller please consider that allowing MACHINE GUNS is a bad idea! Your one of the reason blood is needed TODAY and 58 are DEAD
Fine, but please consider standing up to the NRA!
Makes sense, as it sounds like you've been donated blood-money..from the NRA


How about YOU 4going NRA campaign $$$ and standing up against NRA for sensible gun control laws like a federal ban of automatic weapons!!

If you're in the USSenate, please consider stricter gun laws
If you're a Senator from Nevada, please consider introducing #GunControl legislation so that this doesn't happen again. #Shameful
Please consider revisiting blood donation guidelines. Too many people want to help and can't bc of outdated regs.
the blood is on your hands heller. you own this.
You should donate your NRA blood money to victim advocacy and to organizations fighting to prevent gun violence.
GOP Senator Dean Heller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks. #LasVegasShooting
You're washing it off your hands right now.
YOU give blood, YOU made it easier to get these guns. http://www.ontheissues.org/Domestic/Dean_Heller_Gun_Control.htm …
Seems like you have LOTS of blood on your NRA- stained hands. And no conscience in your soul.
WHY ARE AUTOMATIC/SEMI-AUTOMATIC GUNS AVAILABLE IN OUR COUNTRY? 
American citizens being hunted! 
YOUR VOTE & NRA LOBBY MONEY TO BLAME!
You voted against background check, limits on mag sizes, ban on assault weapons. I don't want to hear your whining. Blood is on your hands.
You can but if you are in Las Vegas you would know that they just reported that they have plenty...There are other ways to help.
If youre a lawmaker consider taking guns from these people
If you're in Congress, please consider doing your job.
All the blood on the @NRA’s hands and on the hands of politicians who take money from them #LasVegasShooting #GunControlNow

Also if you live in Reno or San Francisco or anywhere in America. There is always a need for blood.
We need GUN REFORM NOW!!! Please help us!
If you're in D.C., please consider #GunControl
Dean Heller has not cared about Nevada citizens until now. You voted to take ACA away from Nevada families.
You attempted to rip healthcare away from millions of Americans last week.
You here yet for your photo op? We know you don't  give a shit about LV (except Wynn and Sheldon) but that's ok, we don't need you here!
https://www.legistorm.com/stormfeed/view_rss/50669/member/842.html …
How abt u considering being part of the solution instead of the problem. Blood is on your hands too bub! Stop taking @NRA $$
You are partially responsible for this
NO GUNS NO MACHINE GUNS GUN CONTROL NOW
If you're a lawmaker in the Senate, please consider acting on gun control laws.
So what? Stricter gun control => less gun violence, fewer deaths of innocent people from guns.
