billions for a partial boarder fence, nothing for Nevadans on ACA or Medicare. Where are your priorities Senator?
Saw you the news tonight, smiling while lying about how tax cuts for rich and health cuts for the people will get U.S. going
Stop hiding, and face your constituents.
look how dangerous it is! Puddles--says it ain't so!
who owns the construction stocks to profit from a stupid wall. Stop spending tax payers money for others greed & profits
could you make Nevadans a priority? Have a #townhall and listen to our concerns. In person. In #LV.
Did you really say you would only do a town hall if ppl agreed not to boo you? 
Dean was at the border with a bunch of other GOP pretenders
You really should be ashamed of yourself. #DoYourJob
Take a tour of Russia !!!   Investigate the connection of Russia and Trump family and friends.
enjoy your last term on the government tit.
You need a birds eye view of your constituents Come meet us.U took a public job,U have to speak with your public face to face
has it also been a priority to listen to Nevadans??if you think this is going away YOUR AS CRAZY AS THAT NUT YOU SUPPORT
hey Dean you should spend your time having a town hall in Las Vegas instead of flying around the border.
What about the priorities of the people you represent? You work for us. Show up at the townhall tomorrow & explain yourself
are you holding any town hall meetings during recess? You keep tweeting. You keep ignoring us. I'll keep asking.
Wrong State, bud. C'mon back and worry about jobs and education instead of playing Chopper Command. #politician
TOWN HALL NOW! VOTING YOU OUT 2018 FOR AN INABILITY TO LISTEN TO NEVADANS
So, you will only have a town hall meeting if there is no applauding and booing? Who do you think you work for?
Funny you would mention priorities- I wonder if you know mine? How could you- we (your constituents) can't get you to talk
when is the town hall? We have lots to discuss
it's been a priority of everyone but 45s expensive and unrealistic plan won't fly.
How was the vacation at our expense?
Forget the wall!  Fund health care and Planned Parenthood.
You know what needs to be a priority of yours?Meeting your NV constituents.
You weren't struck by the irony of being in the air, *above* any wall?  Cripes, dude.
You've been on recess all week, why hasn't there been a town hall meeting in the Las Vegas area? Quit hiding...coward.
safety is NOT a priority to you. You voted to allow mentally ill people to have guns. You will be voted out!!
get paid much by the gun lobby?
Ensuring you are hearing the voices of your constituents should make it on your priority list. #townhall
constituents should be your top priority. If not we'll make sure your voted out in 2018
JUMP! Why wait until 2018 to be kicked out?
You're done..
When is your next town hall?
in Las Vegas where the majority of the population of the state of Nevada is. We demand a town hall meeting
How are you going to pay for Trump's wall, Senator? But cutting taxes on the wealthy? That doesn't work and you know that.
it's impressive, what you'll do to avoid talking to your constituents
Our borders are fine and do not need a wall. Come back to Nevada for a visit.
Agenda 1)Protect big coal's right to pollute rivers 2)guns for mentally ill 3)Cool photo-op 4)Screw NV voters #HarmfulHeller
Why no town hall in Vegas? Guess I need sign big enough for you to see as you fly over to Carson for paid event #hidingheller
all I ever see on your tweets are look at me! We look at how NV is suffering with poor education, jobs and energy results!
Birds are MUCH braver than you are.  A town hall meeting if there's no applause and no booing?  Snowflake.
Prob not a great move to post a pic in a helicopter when your constituents have been asking for a town hall for weeks.
Yea, well just remember u can't hide up there forever 
gotta land eventually
and LV will be waiting for u.
TOWN HALL!!!
are you in Trump's pocket or what?
repeal Obamacare aka ACA no replacement.
Do you know this a priority for your constituents in NV? Hold a town hall to hear what we really care about (it's not this).
if you ever had a town hall, this would be you, just like McConnell, unresponsive https://t.co/p1YRSlF3eK?ssr=true. 2018
@DeanHeller read your twitter feed- NV residents have spoken and you must listen. #2018
How about making sure our nation is safe from a crazy man bent on being a Russian dictator? Get back to NV & work for us!!!
But you're ok with spending millions of tax $$ on unnecessary security for flotus in nyc & every weekend trips to FL?
Fiscally responsible? No, 'the wall' is racist rhetoric that  will financially punish taxpayers.
town hall? No ur out Mr.
Demand 45 address California's request for help. HOW DARE HE AND YOU
What about the safety of children who get killed in the violence in Chicago? Are they not Americans?
Looks like your running from your constituents to me
U more concerned abt kissing Trump's butt than ur constituents?What r u afraid of?Hello:checks & balances? #theresistance
who's in charge of your social media?  They should be fired.  This pic makes you look like you're trying to run away from #NV
too bad you didn't fall out!
OMG Dean! Have you read your TL? Your constituents are fixin' to get rid of you. 
#Indivisible #TheResistance #DemForce
and how much will my tax dollars pay for securing this border? and when are you up for reelection?
#racistgop member NO desire for re-election? Y not flythe Northern border? Pandering to #racism #Xenophobia won win purple NV
is representing your constituents a priority of yours? #TownHall #LV
Good. Now how about a Town Hall meeting, Senator?
Judging from the fact that not one conservative is on this thread, you're done in 2018. Enjoy it while it lasts Ex Senator.
I'm up in Carson City, do a damned town hall In Vegas!!! Do your job jerk!  I'll be voting for Mahendra in 2018!!!
Quit wasting time on bull like this. You are up for a retirement in less than two years. Our blue state is gonna say bye to u
Man... it seems pretty obvious the people you represent want a town hall. What gives? Why not? Where are you? #hellerno
stay home and face your constituents and address their needs
just so you can see what is happening across the country. You are like your counterparts http://hill.cm/XvdkyVN . 
What about health care and infrastructure?
quit flying around looking at Mexico. Come face your real enemies : your constituents.
Enjoy your ride. Perhaps you could visit your own state during the break. I think we all know this is your last term.
I believe we have more important priorities. And please do not dare fund any Great Border Wall!  Good grief.
Instead of traveling in another state please consider traveling in NV and having in-person town halls? Please sir.
How about caring for Nevadans who depend on the ACA & PP for the only healthcare they can get?Plse fund these programs 89031
Enjoy it all you can because we are working very hard to make this your last term. You don't care 1bit what we think & want!
I'm not a constituent but your post about touring the border is pitiful. Why won't you go talk to your clients?
#thinlyveiled #racism. We see you Senator. #nohumanofgoodconscience politicizes the roundup of refugees and #immigrants.
Sounds like you need to have a LV townhall, or you need to find yourself a different job - #DoYourJob
The impact of pollution caused by all of us is something I hope you will consider in all your decisions that affect it
you're not representative of NV constituents!  You're pathetic and will be gone in 2018. That's a constituent PROMISE
Lord knows you deserve a little relaxation after confirming Trump's useful idiot cabinet of radical ideologues & mediocrities
ensuring that the voters of Nevada can talk with their elected officials has always been a priority of ..... Nevada voters 
pretty pathetic that you feel a helicopter ride is more important, but I guess Nevada voters see thru you. Run and hide dean
I don't want to pay for a silly wall.  How about focusing on PUBLIC education and healthcare for all?
no walls will solve this issue, politicians have not acted on immigration reform for a decade this would be a good start
Town Hall? Constituents? No?
dear senator Heller. Please schedule an in person town hall meeting with your constituents. The phone in ones are BS
Sad seeing you on vacation, dreaming of making America white again, disgusting! Have courage and host a town hall
#doyourjob
i am so glad you support LEGAL immigration and protecting our borders, as we are a sovergn nation.
what about if you came back to Nevada and have some answers for us about Obamacare?
Bogus wall, bogus Republicans--how much does it cost to buy your vote? Schedule a town hall meeting immediately #2018ByeBye
That's going to be a mighty expensive wall. Personally, I rather have healthcare for millions.  #resist
To bad you didn't listen to your constituents and voted for DeVos. I won't forget.
waste of time, waste of money #sad #wheresthetownhall #happyretirementheller
no wall
Nice way to spend the recess. Photo ops at border instead of meeting with constituents. Will volunteer for opponent.
um why? You are a Senator for Nevada which is NOT on the border. Got a problem with Mexicans or something?
I would love a town hall meeting to discuss my priorities for NV. Thank you
When will meeting with your constituents be a priority of yours?  We have been asking for an in-person #TownHall.  Anything?
@SeanStepro @SenDeanHeller @realDonaldTrump doesn't care now nor will he ever. It's all about Trump. #Illegitimate #Impeach
Try to find some good people to run our schools.
very nice you want a safe border,  but I feel, with Mexico our neighbors, we need to work with them in this matter.
Waste of time and money. How about a Town Hall so we can discuss important issues like health care and climate change.
as usual the a double standard is being applied here @SenCortezMasto answers to Harry @SenatorReid
Maybe you should actually spend some time with your constituents instead of filler PR trips to build favor with Trump.
It's quite obvious that having Town Hall meetings isn't a priority of yours.
You are not a friend to Nevada--you are a Trump lackey--you should be ashamed of your falling in with hatred and intimidation
Stands tough against Mexico, our ally in the war on terror.  Now muster courage to stand in front of a town hall in Nevada
IF you took the time to meet with community at town hold that would be great, make that a priority
Why do you want NV to lose our undoc. Immigrants who totally support our economy--why do you enforce lack of common decency?!
@SenatorReid never showed his face in rural Nevada glad your town halls have always included my family thank you
how about making a commitment to meet with your constituents
have you been hiding in that helicopter this whole time?!
you almost got away.
looking for an escape plan?
glad to hear your priorities come before Nevadans
Nevadans don't need a senator taking helicopter tours
if someone jumped the border while you were in the helicopter, what would you have done?
what @jeremywho said
Thanks, Chickenhawk, for diverting attention.  Now what are you going to do about Russian influence in our electoral process?
How about safe, secure affordable healthcare, raised minimum wage, renewable energy jobs, instead of a wall? Priorities!
but not education and the environment.   Shame on you.  So sad
your priorities should be back in your state where your constituents would love to express their concerns about your values
border looks good to me. Maybe you should make Nevadans a priority
#SECURETHEBORDER
.@SenDeanHeller your constituents would like a closer view of you at a town hall meeting. When will you meet the people you serve?
you have my vote @SenCortezMasto will not hold a public town hall in Northern Nevada her office gave me the run around
the southern border of Nevada? How about having a town hall and answer questions from the people you represent.
apparently education, the environment, healthcare are not priorities based on your voting record
wow... a lot of angry liberals that just can't stop complaining.
#hiding @SenDeanHeller
If you want to address undocumented workers, re-vamp the VISA programs- this is a total ruse and waste of $ #WhereisHeller
what about #education? #NV has benefited from #DREAMers/immigrants. You and #POTUS can build that wall I'll help tear it down
http://bit.ly/2kWaSNK  How about birds eye view of Las Vegas? Who is paying for your trip? Wall is a waste of taxpayer $
How about doing something for NEVADA?! Anybody but you in 2018!
This is Dean NOT doing his job.  NV is not a border state, someone give him a map.  Meet w/ Your constituents. #DumpHeller
clearly picking up the phone when constituents call isnt a priority of yours
if our border is this insecure, maybe it's time for THERAPY.
OR, is this projection? Are YOU the one insecure? I mean, I am pretty sure borders don't have feelings
I hope you have your parachute on, because ACA participants will  need one when you decimate their insurance coverage. Don't!
still waiting to hear when you will be holding a town meeting. We have questions.
Too bad education and health care aren't a top priority. Your trip is just a way to stay away from your constituents.
when will you make it a priority to face your constituents? We want a townhall in Vegas! Coward! #votehimout2018
right. This is NOT how you go about doing so.
#guncontrol#planned parenthood#education the list just gets longer. #DoYourJob
that's what happens when you lose
this is such pandering. And a waste of taxpayer money. Stop taking helicopter useless trips and do your job. Meet w NEVADA.
another priority should be listening to the people you represent and quit being so partisan.
LV is building like never before. It will be sad because of crazy immigration stance of Trump we will lose many workers.
You mean you're ok with underpaying illegals..
Please call for Jeff Sessions to recuse himself from Russia Probe, it will not look impartial otherwise.
Come on Dean, come down and do your job-have a Town Hall meeting!
How about coming home to Las Vegas and holding a town meeting. You are disgraceful.
How about a live town hall in Las Vegas @SenDeanHeller ? Get out of the fun helicopter and talk to the Nevada people! #coward
And when will your constituents become your priority? Right now u are doing a mighty fine job of ignoring us.
please let us know when you'll be in vegas  we need to chat.
oh good, you are in a helicopter looking at 1/10000th of the border. How much did this photo op cost American taxpayer?
you need to make it a priority to listen to voters! You will be held accountable for your toxic votes! #TheResistance
2018 can't come fast enough.
If its a priority to you then you pay for it.
too bad wishes of your constituents arent important to you. NOBODY cares about the Israeli embassy, yet that gets done first.
@FOX5Vegas Looking forward to donating to your political opponent's campaign.
Border looks fine to me.  Much ado about nothing.
hold a town hall. You work for all if us. Be a man and show up.
yet you've remained very quiet about threats coming from within the White House. What gives?
As a constituent...I don't trust you at all.
I would love it if our healthcare and education were a priority for you.
that's a bold stance, since there's so many people out there that hate secure borders. 
we believe in common sense Immigration laws Not separating families unless violent Undocumented
how about you ask them to turn that bird towards Nevada and stop ignoring your constituents? #YouWorkForUs
