Is this true?
Republicans Confident Senator Dean Heller Will Be ‘Bought Off,’ Pass Trumpcare http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2017/07/gop-confident-sen-heller-will-be-bought-off-on-trumpcare.html?utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-b … via @intelligencer
McConnell is delaying the vote until McCain returns meaning that it is a narrow margin and he may not have not have the votes,
Affordable Care Act have cut Nevada’s uninsured population by half
Please use your instincts and compassion to vote against the Trumpcare bill. We are depending on you.
I am a your constituent, your voicemail is full. #VoteNo this is not what's best for America nor Nevadans #VoteNo
.@senrobportman Jackson was born w/ serious & rare birth defects - OEIS & SBS. His parents can't afford his care without a strong #Medicaid. 
say no to trump care
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Please share, especially if you live in Nevada: 
Was that offered only if you voted for health care bill? Then NO. Medicaid saved my brother's life.
New senate health bill similar to original. Please vote no and focus on working with Dems to fix ACA
Worse.
Rinos are so Naive! You will lose the primary! You have no Democratic support. Your ACA vote will alienate your GOP base.
Best way to help is allow for FHA MIP reduction 
Please do the right thing. Please vote against the healthcare bill! I'm begging you.
You need to talk to some of the real folks that put you in office

@SenDeanHeller traitors everywhere patriots let us never forget 2018 will be upon us and we will do away with these traitors to the USA 

Tax reform won't happen if yu Kill repeal replace Ocare that MILLIONS CANT AFFORD!! LET ALONE THE TAX BURDON IT COSTS Us THAT YU SUPPORT!
Thanks don't forget the poor and sick please
Don't forget the middle class with preexisting conditions.
The fact you cant stand up for the most vulnerable in NV proves you have no business calling yourself a United States Senator! #Trumpcare
Please vote no on healthcare bill. The country is depending on you.
Violent crime is a big issue yet you push the sanctuary city crap. People attacked while trying to earn a living.
What does he know. Zilch. A complete incompetent.
Step up sir & support the Senators that have come out against Trumpcare. Do what is right for Nevadans! I'm a constituent w/ a long memory.
VOTE NO, DEAN.  YOU'VE BECOME SILENT ON HEALTHCARE.  MAYBE YOU WERE BOUGHT OFF?  MAYBE YOU SHOULD GO TO JAIL?
any money received to vote for Trumpcare is blood money...women will die because Planned Parenthood is defunded
I would have liked to see a healthcare bill done since GOP had 8 years. Weak!
Sorry Sir,but many normal regular people do not think Mnuchin is the right person for honest honorable tax reform-Keep you head above water!
The tax reform will not assist me, I'm not rich. What will help is healthcare!
What about our health care????? #WhatTheHeller ??????
Know what else really helps out Nevadans....healthcare

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
These security guards were lucky. Gun violence is a huge problem in the US. https://lasvegassun.com/news/2017/jul/13/shooting-investigated-at-miracle-mile-shops/ …
Will they have access to healthcare? Bet their employer doesn't offer it to them. Most security firms expect the workers to use medicaid.
Please take health care away from those smelly poors.  Rich white men rule!!
You gonna let them set you up, Senator?
#TaxScam ain't #TaxReform -- and #healthcare for #NV voters is at stake.
I'm not a constituent but your vote on BCRA has direct impact. It's now worse than before w added Cruz amndmt. Please vote no. #SaveOurCare

Everyone needs to see this. Pls RT. https://twitter.com/nowthisnews/status/885926387172777984 …
You selfie does not impress us, vote with the GOP or join the f*ing Democrats. Wake up and smell the roses dummy.
Tax reform can't get done unless health care reform is passed!
Mnuchin was in charge when economy collapsed, devastating NV families. Only supporting wealthy donors doesn't help NV families.

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
Vote no. The bill is bad, and it's obvious. Do the right thing, please.
also Let's help families with Healthcare support our president Trump

Republicans use state payoffs to win votes for repeal bill http://politi.co/2t0C42V  
I'm sure it wasn't be a leader not sheep I'm on that ass do the right thing or be voted out this bill does not protect plant parenthood
Please vote NO on this awful 'wealthcare' bill. Governors/health care professionals/insurers say it will be devastating. Please protect us.
Vote NO foe the healthcare bill. You made promises to Nevada and we deserve someone who will work for us not against us.
Senator, do the right thing...VOTE NO on this healthcare bill. Don't be bamboozled by this nonsense. Nevadans will remember in 2018.

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
STAY STRONG Senator! Your courage and integrity will preserve affordable & accessible healthcare for Nevada & our nation. VOTE NO!
Gun violence is problem that needs to be addressed in the USA. Happens all too often in Vegas
Sen Heller: Do the right thing for your citizens, vote "NO" on the BCRA.
‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
Is that why a story is circulating that your yes vote for McConnell's bill is bought & paid for? Trump's peeps are lying to you, don't do it
Please do your job and protect your people in Nevada--and the rest of us. No on this cruel health care bill.
This bill will hurt SO many people!
1/2 Have you seen this yet? Regarding the Cruz amendment? Vote no!

Please vote no on BCRA. You will be a hero to Nevadans & all Americans. You know it's the right thing to do.
Go ahead and cave on the AHCA Sen Heller Most folks are just looking for a reason not to vote for you,
What did they pay you to vote for TrumpCare?
Please vote for the ACHA so it's easier to get a Dem elected to the Senate. I dare you . . .
Please vote No on trumpcare!!! Stand Up for the people, Not Steve Wynn!!!
This is from a fucking insurance company
Is that before or after you vote to take away Nevadans' Medicaid while you keep Obamacare for yourself?

Scathing letter from the insurance industry's top lobbying group @AHIPCoverage torching Cruz's plan: "It is simply unworkable in any form." 
How bout helping families by voting NO on trumpcare.  Our country is depending on you to put your foot down.  Country over party.
Please please please vote NO on health care Bill!!!!!!!
Please vote NO on the healthcare bill Sen. Heller-You know it is the right thing to do! Thank You!
Please vote NO on healthcare bill-it is the right thing to do!!

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Do what is right. If insurers say it won't work, it won't.
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Vote NO on the EVIL Trumpcare Bill or you Know you'll Lose your Job in 2018!!!  God Sees EVERYTHING!!
I donated to your campaign & got others to when you said NO on AHCA. I will again. Can we & @lpackard count on you?
‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
You said you were a no vote - what did that Sociopath McConnell offer you to sell out the American people!
‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time
If this bill is so bad that you have to be bribed to vote for it, you probably shouldn't vote for it.
Help us by voting against this new Senate health care bill.
Please Sen. Heller do the right thing and do not vote for this revised health care bill.Thank you for hearing us out here, counting on you!

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
How much did McConnell pay you Heller?
Please vote no, Sir, on TrumpCare. Nothing has changed from last attempt. The exact same lives are at stake!
Please vote no on healthcare bill. Please

VOTE NO ON BCRA
TAKEN MONEY FROM RUSSIA TOO! 
OVER THE AMERICAN PEOPLE AND THEIR HEALTH-CARE??
There is a special place in hell 4U when you vote YES to this bill for money!!! YOU LIE 2 AMERICA and her people!!
https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/nevada-sen-dean-heller-is-the-man-to-watch-on-health-bill/2017/07/14/8eda038e-68cc-11e7-94ab-5b1f0ff459df_story.html?utm_term=.2d464fda85f2 …
"Sen Dean Heller, who threw cold water on the legislation early on with a scathing statement, can be “bought off” with perks"
LYING 2 USA 4
Please @SenDeanHeller we are in serious danger. Please vote your heart, your country, your constituents! #CountryOverParty #ThisBillKills
Do what's right for the country. Be a real patriot. Vote NO on the reckless GOP health plan.
Did he buy your healthcare vote? #Nevada is waiting to hear from you. Media reports say your vote is being bought. Can you make a statement?
Nevada is counting on you to be the 3rd NO vote on this legislation.  Do not be a SinCity Sellout. Stand up for #Nevadans #NoAHCA
Please @SenDeanHeller--Vote no on the healthcare bill. Be a patriot and honorable person and stand up for Americans, sir.
Please vote NO on the Senate healthcare bill.  Form a coalition to find a bipartisan solution.  The ACA has gained popularity, so why not
work to improve it?  The states should ALL have expanded Medicaid.  Please also look for models in other Capitalist Democracies (Japan/UK).
Hello Sen. H., U sent a form letter a few wks ago re:healthcare bill. We NV's want you to support O'care not R's so call'd nocare medcare!
Just tried to call your office, but line was busy. My guess is Americans calling to beg you to vote "NO" on Repeal/Replace.
Bad Bill, Bad for America
Please vote NO on MTP. So many people counting on you. Don't let them gut Medicaid for people in your state!
Don't let this admin ruin your career........PLEASE!
Do not cave on your vote against the healthcare bill & don't forget Mnuchin was touting 45's dumb idea to partners/Putin on cyber security
Americans have made it clear.We don't want Senate #Trumpcare bill. Do the right thing, for NV & the rest of America. Please vote no.
2018 is coming, if you vote for this HC bill you will be outed with 100% certainty,make sure Trump has a job for you,if you can TRUST him
A kind man benefits himself, but a cruel man brings trouble on himself. VOTE NO ON WEALTHCARE!
senator this health care bill will lead me to have no insurance. It hits people when they need it. Please say no
Sir- the eyes of the Nation are upon you...#VoteNo #HealthcareBill
please expand health care. I have pre existing and would never afford it. I'm just middle class.
please senator vote no on the healthcare bill
 Don't allow a bill you would not have your mother on or kids.
People who support trumpcare are evil.
Why did the RNC refuse to allow parents with their seriously disable children into their building in DC
Why are senators refusing to meet with parents of serverly disable children regarding losing the medicate?
This truly is the real Death Panel the the Repubs talked about?
Why? How can you sleep at night!
suffering with pre medical conditions ,children the elderly to the slaughter house with this health care bill ...
Senetor if you cave your party will be responsible for leading your constituents ...
We need true leaders who stand for Americans. Not leaders who look to benefit themselves.
Do you enjoy killing little kids?
Why aren't you coming out against the revised bill tho?
I thought u were a stand up guy? Sad very sad to not care for the weakest amongst us! WWJD?
You're weak. Making people grovel for their healthcare so the @GOP can get a 'win'. People like you don't deserve to serve Americans
So word on the hill is u can be bought off. So much for standing up for disabled children and the elderly. Your Mother must be proud.
Please do the right thing and vote no, Senator!!!!
You're bragging about having breakfast with people in a traitorous administration. How can we trust you on anything? You're complicit!
You opposed the BCRA1 because of deep cuts to Medicaid. BCRA2 does nothing to ameliorate the issue, and now you are undecided? Ppl over GOP
@SenDeanHeller  America is watching you and decision you make. DO THE RIGHT THING. Vote NO on the ACA Repeal !!
Vote no
vote NO on AHCA...don't allow Ryan & McConnell to ship you down the river WITHOUT a paddle@GovSandoval talk some sense into Dean
If you vote yes you are perpetrating Trump lies! You vote yes then change your name to Dean Trump! Russian ambassador to the White House!
Do what's right and Vote for Country over party! This is an awful bill and not what Trump promised! Healthcare for all?Won't touch Medicaid?
Yep now let's go cut Medicaid for the poor and elderly from Nevada
Ball is in your court whether to kill millions of Americans! If you vote YES you are clearly corrupt and voting to appease billionaires!
#GOP #SaveMedicaid #KillTheBill.                  P L E A S E. HELP your constituents, don't HURT us.
Trumpcare 3.0 is a very bad idea
LOOK AT THIS MAP!!!!! Wait till the election time if you vote for this crap bill.
How many additional uninsured is acceptable to your GOP colleagues? Imagine being one of those people. It's the "Sucks to be you" bill.
WTH is this. You voting for this. The new bill eliminates pre-existing condition protections. I'm gonna vote your butt out.
But you're exempt?
NEW: How pre-existing condition protections have  been eliminated in GOP proposals. 

https://tcf.org/content/commentary/republican-health-care-proposals-weaken-current-protections-people-pre-existing-conditions/ … 
Humane healthcare for Nevadans and everyone!! Vote NO on the inhumane healthcare (more like deathcare) bill!! No!
Vote NO on the disastrous bill for the sake of the Nevada Medicaid budget if nothing else. Also shorten your suit sleeves, they're too long
Remember #trumpcarekills
Vote No on Health care bill @DUH4Healthcare PLEASE?
Do not be bought off, vote against  repeal of the ACA, otherwise you will remembered in infamy by those losing health insurance
Are you being bought off for your Yes vote on Health Care? Please put ppl ahead of party. Stay strong and vote NO
VOTE NO ON THE BILL. YOU ALREADY WENT ON RECORD SAYING YOU WOULD.  THIS WOULD BE POLITICAL SUICIDE IF YOU VOTE YES. DON'T LET TRUMP BULLY U
Mnuchin,master in the art of filling his pocket buy evicting people from their homes .He doesn't care for families in NV or anywhere
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr radical dems are imploding only concerned save Obama legacy,GOP unite , dems r trying get 1more against Americans
Your Republican colleagues believe you can be "bought off" to vote for their awful healthcare bill.
So do tell, will you sellout the American People to support the Republican party?
So that's what they meant when they said " bought off".
Is that your reward for flipping? It won't be enough to get you re-elected.  Healthcare will sink you.
As one of the most bipartisan, reasonable senators, please vote no, it's unrealistic to think this bill is any better than the last.
#Obamacare saved my life & my bank account. Please sir, work across the aisle, #FixACA! So many Nevadans depend on it. Thank you.
Vote NO on #BCRA, Senator. It's terrible for Nevadans, and it's terrible for your career.

NEVADA: Republicans are openly saying they expect to "buy off" @SenDeanHeller, maybe with a Nevada version of the #polarpayoff. 1/ https://twitter.com/JesseFFerguson/status/885827774572888064 …


Help NV families by telling the GOP that you will not be bought out. Vote no on new healthcare Bill with or without Cruz amend. #Healthcare

The health care of millions could literally come down to whether Dean Heller has the courage to stand up to Steve Wynn. https://twitter.com/jstein_vox/status/885600718236897280 …
Want to help Nevada families? DO NOT TAKE AWAY THEIR HEALTHCARE. Be on the right side of history! #VoteNO
You've been pretty quiet on the trumpcare bill. Maybe we should call it hellercare if you vote for it. That way you can own it.

Will you still be smiling when disabled children in Nevada no longer have medicaid????
Your party should be drafting Articles of Impeachment instead of plotting to take away people's Medicaid. #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare
http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/27/senates-proposed-medicaid-cuts-may-imperil-plans-for-special-needs-kids.html …

Most Americans & Nevadans clearly do NOT want this bill. No CBO score & voting anyway? That is immoral!! Have a conscious & rep NV- VOTE NO.
Stand up for your constituents and your state. Vote NO.
Call @SenDeanHeller NOW to let him know the health of thousands of Nevadans shd mean more to him than a fat tax cut for Steve Wynn.

Come on man. No. You just have to say no. Say no. No to destroying healthcare. Do the right thing. Say no.
Do not take any bribes to vote for this #DeathCare bill!  It is worse and you know it. Constituents not dumb...you will be rewarded for it!
If @GoldmanSachs gives you money it's traced Vincent and I agree Andrew McGregor Comprised by @wikileaks @MaddowBlog Evidence Overwhelming
Weak person Can't Stand up to Trump and His Lackey s @biz @NickHanauer @TheoloGOP @HRC @tim_cook @ChelseaClinton @GeorgeWBush__
VOTE NO- we cannot afford to take a step back. Do not cave.
I'm a childhood #cancersurvivor Should I be uninsurable? Should I have a lifetime cap? CHOOSE to vote NO! #killthebill
Don't be fooled by Liberal Activists who don't even live in Nevada.
Bla Bla Bla...Repeal ObamaScare...Lower Tax Payers Health Ins Premiums or we change your career plans.
Be a hero to the COUNTRY, like Susan Collins, vote no!  Cruz amendment makes no sense.  Freedom plans=no coverage!  Don't be fooled!
Please vote NO to Deathcare bill!
Vote no on the "healthcare" bill. It decimates Medicaid. Your constituents have heard the facts on NPR online, pidcasts, radio.
Tax reform on the backs of your constituents?  PLEASE vote no on this "new" bill. NOT healthcare. They FORGOT to send Cruz amend. to CBO. ??
I thought you were against Medicaid cuts? Now you are undecided? What?
From the state's governor
.@GovSandoval expressed skepticism that $70B exchange stabization funds mitigate $700B Medicaid cuts. "Anybody can do the rudimentary math."
Please vote no to revised senate health care bill. It still threatens the health of tens of millions of the most vulnerable. Dr. Slusser
Sen, please vote 'no' on Trumpcare. It's a tax cut for wealthy & severing lifeline for people with disabilities. Trump wants you primaried.
Please vote against the bill
You already turned from a No vote to a Yes. CNN guest just stated they can get to 50 votes on this? How?
You said no because of Medicaid cuts, now you're undecided?  Turning your back are you?  Vote NO.  NO MEDICAID CUTS.
Support TRUMP!

Back the
REPUBLICAN
INSURANCE
PLAN
#RIP

22M less insured = 
Shorter lines for Americans

#KickThemOff
Withholding medical care from human beings deemed "unworthy" is called EUGENICS. That's the Republican "plan" for America.
TIME TO CHANGE  TO A INDEPENDENT AFTER REPUBLICANS TRUMP IMPEACHMENT SHOWING REPUBLICANS TRAITORS
