The Senate is now holding a moment of silence for Las Vegas
Less silence more action. There has been enough silence.
This is congress fault they make the laws and it time YOU take responsibility
Bipartisan thoughts and prayers and moments won't stop the 272 #MassShootings this year SO FAR (not sure if that counts #USC) #GunControlNow
MAYBE IT'S TIME FOR SOME SORT OF GUN CONTROL!  AT LEAST GET SUCH HIGH POWERED WEAPONS OFF THE STREEET!!
Returning your NRA blood money and leading a push among your colleagues to ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines would mean more.
No he should keep it so that fools like you can't use the government to keep all Americans defenseless in the instance of a threat.
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP Americans are sick and tired of the hearing the rhetoric. Enact strict gun control laws now.
And then voting to loosen gun silencer laws. Hmmm...nice
Senator, Enlighten us- Have you taken money from the NRA? Refusal to answer = yes.
I'd "appreciate" you doing SOMETHING to manage gun control. Because, THIS is unacceptable! YOU are UNACCEPTABLE!
It’s time to DO SOMETHING @SenDeanHeller Stop #RepublicanSanctionedMurder @ChrisMurphyCT @SenBlumenthal
Why the silence? Why not active discussion on gun control and action? Silence is inaction at this point.
Senate and moment of silence for Los Vegas?  You’ve been silent to long. The NRA has too much power and you’re letting money rule GOP.
They need to hold more than silence. DO SOMETHING would help
@realDonaldTrump  How about a prayer plus a vote against assault weapons- who needs them??
You appreciate a meaningless act? How about sponsoring gun control legislation? Thoughts, prayers & moments of silence mean nothing!!!
Meet the 46 U.S. Senators Who Voted Against Sensible Gun Control Law ...
Dean is one of the 46
Should be ashamed of themselves but not instituting stricter gun laws, background checks, banning assault weapons, & taking money from NRA
Automatic weapons have already been illegal for decades. Gun control doesn't stop criminals because criminals don't obey the law.
Why is it that the United States has more of these massacres than other developed countries with stricter gun control laws?
@burgessev this hasnt been your community since trump was elected. You chose party over community. Stop this madness.
The @nra $21,350 investment in you is $361.86 per a life in the #lasvegas shooting.  Was it worth the #bloodmoney?
A moment of silence isn’t actually doing anything! Get off your ads and protect this country. We need common sense gun control
How about voting against NRA and their awful ideas?  My friend died due to GOP failures.
What are you and your GOP cohorts going to do to stop the gun violence? Heck with your "doing your job" by giving blood and praising Trump.
How much do you get from the NRA?
Senator, the Vegas tragedy is on you for accepting NRA $. Whose side are you really on? Looks like you've got the shooter's back, not ours.
You can keep your moment of silence. How about speaking up for sensible gun reform instead?
Hey great job supporting NRA, le
What support?  Continuing to take NRA blood money?  Just shut up.  YOU are part of the problem and so are your colleagues.
.ur in NRA pocket Gun violence is crisis stand w/ @NancyPelosi & commit 2 regulate & plug gun loop holes #noseat4uin18
Nevada Senator Dean Heller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks

Time for effective gun safety laws! #doyourjob
Time for you to pull  NRA donation out of your ass Heller You have blood on your hands. Oh We forget you’re too busy taking away healthcare
$9,900 from the NRA in 2012, their "A" rating -- you helped create the "difficult time" every time there's a mass shooting (about 1 daily.)
A moment of silence??? ACT - No silencers, cop killer rounds, super magazines, better bio checks. Ban those on No Fly list from buying! ACT!
get some gun controls in Nevada even if it cuts your contributions from the NRA.
Yup..that's what we need...more silence from those who take millions from the NRA. Hope u are proud Senator. 2018 Tic Toc
NOT A TIME for silence It is a time for action.
Dean Heller is using this tragedy to showboat. Why hasn't he opened VA clinics in the valley to blood donors? Incompetence? Insincerity? 
Don't let the Democrat talk you into passing more gun control. The shooter's guns were already illegal & look how much good those laws did.
Silence won't help the victims!  Banning automatic assault weapons and ammunition will!   Stand up for Americans!
Instead of being silent, how about speaking out about doing something about gun violence in this country? @SenDeanHeller #HowManyMore
Shut up and do something useful
Who writes this drivel? Stop supporting supplying nuts with mass murder guns!
Let’s hope those wounded still have health insurance, Deano! #YouDontCare
YOU CAUSED THIS WITH YOUR GUN NUT LEGISLATION. GO BLOW WAYNE LAPIERRE MAYBE YOU CAN GET SOME MORE CAMPAIGN MONEY!
Well and good Senator well and good
How about Universal Background checks and waiting periods, for ARs, SKs, AKs?
All urban assault weapons
So Dean guess you'll be pressing the donald to add Nevada retirement communities to your travel ban?
We want these assault style weapons off our streets!! SUITCASES full of weapons up a HOTEL?? Not acceptable!! #GunControl now! #Sad! 
A moment of silence isn't going to cut it. It's well past time for sensible gun laws to get passed.
GUN CONTROL. Everything else you post is empty rhetoric.
That does absolutely nothing if you and your ilk don't stop sucking the NRA teet and do something on gun control.
Vote NRA-owned #GOP politicians OUT OF OFFICE

#NRAownsTheGOP
You are a reliable vote against gun control
Silence and apathy towards these tragedies is what makes this nation complicit to them. No more silence, time to actually do something.
Senator please take this attack on your constituents as an opportunity to reflect on weapons control
Why don't you demand a vote on banning high capacity magazines?
The rest of America will appreciate support for gun control!!
Now show your support for NV @SenDeanHeller by calling for a ban on automatic assault firearms. 
#NRAownsGOP
Silence? We should be screaming. You're worse than useless.
Sen Heller - would you join us on BBC Radio this evening?
Heller is a coward period.
Constituents BULL shitted for 5 years
Nevadans will suffer because of his lies and ignorance.
