I'll never forget that Dean Heller empowered this mass shooter, by voting *against* #GunSense legislation limiting magazine size. #LasVegas
When a shooter has over 10 uninterrupted minutes to fire, magazine (which is changed in seconds) size is irrelevant.
Which, although true, is entirely irrelevant in this case.
She brought up mag limits. Its entirely relevant
Don’t give in the the anti-constitutionalists !!! Gun control is the downfall of any nation.
https://twitter.com/crazylary51/status/917025248029093888 …

Checking out the silent auction at the NRA GALS & GUNS event in Reno. I proudly stand with the #FriendsofTheNRA to protect the #2A 
Spare use your sympathy Dean, you NRA puppet.

Yes, you and the NRA will stay strong and get thorough this.
SenHeller is complicit in mass shootings by domestic TERRORISTS,he is in the pocket of NRA.WE NEED GUN REFORM, AMERICA DESERVES TO FEEL SAFE
And how much money have you accepted from the NRA for your campaigns?
This much money
We'll forget. Does anyone remember Priscilla Ford? Anyone checked on the status of her survivors lately?
#LasVegasMassacre will not be the last unless Strong gun laws happen Now. #StopTheNRA
Hey Fox, support smart gun policies so that we can prevent or make fewer such acts of violence.
Whatcha gonna do with the 21K the NRA has donated to you, Dean?
Vote no on gun silencers.  Don't make it easier to kill us. Care for your constituents. Stop allowing the NRA to take our vote.
Will you give back the thousands of dollars you got from the NRA? Or will you just offer prayers & thoughts to the dead & injured in Las Vegas?
Heller and the @NRA have blood on ur hands
Heller and GOP are what's wrong with America- bigotry and hatred are there motto
Dean-hypocrite-NRA owns you-have a question-how many Vegas victims would have lost their health insurance under the scheme you "sponsored"?
Dean-watching you over the past year brings to mind the expression-bump on a log-you are the embodiment of a bump on log - just leave Senate
There are about 60 poor souls who don't get through this.
Stay strong
@DeanHeller @SenDeanHeller  It's a good thing you will never forget, because you my friend helped that gunman.

Nevada Senator Dean Heller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/10/2/1703332/-Nevada-Senator-Dean-Heller-voted-against-limits-on-magazine-size-assault-weapons-background-checks …
Dean heller voted to allow mentally ill people to have more access to guns.
Thoughts and prayers @SenDeanHeller ? Your no vote on #GunSense shows how little those mean #AccompliceToMurder
From the same guy who thinks the mentally disabled should have more access to guns..
I will donate & drive voters to the polls to get you out of office
They will forget every one of those killed & injured as soon as the topic of reasonable gun control is broached!
Look on @repdinatitus face is the same of all who live in Vegas. You could prevent this but you chose not to. May you never be re-elected
If one of his four children had been shot by this gunman, would he be so beholden to the NRA?
The people you helped murder actually won't "get through this". Stop being a politician and turn into a human being. Ban guns, period.
@SenDeanHeller you hypocrite, you voted against gun sense legislation.  The NRA, Koch Bros and ALEC own you.
Maybe so something to keep it from reoccurring?
That’s it. We are strong. No!  You have to vote for gun control. You are either part of the problem or part of the solution. Pick a side!
Your thoughts and prayers are meaningless. We need stricter gun control.  Stop the charade & stop taking the bloody NRA’s . #GunControlNow
Wouldn't have happened if assault weapons were banned. 59 lives lost because the NRA controls Republican congressmen.
We can’t hear you over the sound of @NRA blood money rattling around in your empty, soulless carcass.
Well 59 people won't "get through this" Sen Heller. So thanks but no thanks.
Says the guy on the payroll of the NRA

Will your views on sensible gun control change now ?

Tonight at 11/10c, Trevor responds to the tragedy in Las Vegas. 
Tarkanian has already been bought by NRA. American lives/families are counting on you Sen.Heller to do the right thing, not NRA thing.
#VegasStrong
Nevada Senator Dean Heller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/10/2/1703332/-Nevada-Senator-Dean-Heller-voted-against-limits-on-magazine-size-assault-weapons-background-checks …
Get through this, meaning the shock will lessen, it'll fade away, we'll have the annual memorial,  it'll be another stain with no change.
U have blood on ur hands.  U have taken over 21K FROM @NRA U have done nothing abt #GunControlNow  #SendBackTheBloodMoney
How about being 'remembered' for something more worthwhile, more positive? Initiate new gun laws!
You will do anything for a photo op.
Dean Heller accepted from gun industry at time of voting: $42,247 Office phone: 202–224–6244
..... and I won't do a damn thing about gun control.
How about those injured & killed Senator? The NRA be damned. Do your job & get rid of assault weapons & silencers. Toughen gun laws! No one needs assault weapons to “defend” themselves!
Pray for all people in Los Vegas for healing and understanding,
Yes, & we will never forget April 17, 2013 when u voted against the Assault Weapons Ban. This could have been prevented AND YOU DID NOTHING.
Hey Dean there have been so many of these yet Congress fails to do ANYTHING? Congress did nothing after Sandy Hook.  What are YOU going to do to help prevent these mass shootings in the future?
Care to get rid of assault weapons?
Hearts go out to all of those involved from victims to first responders. 
Of course LV will get through this. It won't close its doors and fold, but it will carry the scars of the GOP and NRA 4 ever.#neednewgunlaws
Why do we keep voting these assholes in?
But should we be put through this? We (the general public) don't need to "come together." You (Congress) need to come together and fix this.
We'll also never forget you voting against gun control.  Is the $$$ worth the lives that were lost today?
Agreed
Do something, please make a stircter gun control.As a frequent traveler I am shocked, to see this.  I visit this place almost every weekend.
You should donate money you received from the NRA to  gofund account. You have blood on ur hands and should have to notify family members.
give thoughts and prays to your vote against the 2013 Assault Weapons Ban
Out of disrespect for gun lobby's front,NRA,time to talk of automatic weapons,semi-automatic weapons,mega-magazines:the whole shooting match
Screw Heller and screw everyone who believes that we don’t need stricter gun laws. This has happened before and will continue happening.
When will you stand up to Trump?
A deadlier day for Americans than Fallujah and @SenDeanHeller is “helping” by retweeting Fox News.  Do something useful - no silencers!
If you won’t respond to this in any meaningful way, what the hells the point in having you in office @SenDeanHeller?
Isn’t it October 2nd?
YOU are complicit in this. YOU. If you do NOTHING about guns & ammo you share in the tragedy. YOU.
Serious? Heller is bought off by the NRA. How does it feel Heller, its our state that has the massacre record? we wont forget 10-1 because of politicians like  Heller make it possible. VOTEHELLEROUT2018 or watch more die
Nevada Senator @SenDeanHeller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks.
The right to protect one's self, property and rights is God given. I'd refer you to 
an extensive, factual study. https://www.hawaii.edu/powerkills/20TH.HTM …
Stop "getting through this."  Do something so the chance of "this" happening is reduced.
But will you value lives over NRA  money? Why did he have 34 guns? This is insane!!!
You're right Sen Heller. Our new resolve here in NV to defeat politicians like you who refuse even common sense gun safety laws. Sickening.
Our prayers for them
And we'll never forget the you voted against every common-sense regulation on weapons of mass murder.
Get out there and help!  No photo ops for you today!

A face only a mother could love....after today I doubt it.
Isis first issued the claim that the Vegas shooter was a soldier of the Islamic State.
You’re correct. This low is where conservatives go. When will witch burnings, repeal of civil rights & women’s rights begin? After tax cuts?
