True. Let's all call for every WH with white supremacists ties to resign.




Got anymore, William? I'm sure there are plenty more unrelated things you could post. Hack.

How's that healthcare reform going?

you and trump and GOP  are KKK so step up and tell TRUMP  to quit and step down NOW
Thank you Sen Heller for speaking out.  Please implore upon @HouseGOP @SenateGOP to do same.  Do not be complicit to this lunatics thinking!

What are you going to do about it? We need actions, not words. #NoWhiteSupremacyHouse

Now your talkin!!
Whatcha gonna DO about it?

I know you're opponent, @RosenforNevada will actually take action to dismantle white supremacy. Will you? http://Rosenfornevada.com .
So you're calling for the removal of DJT, Bannon, Miller & the Gorkas? If not, save it.
Can't remove a sitting president because he hurt your previous feelings or don't agree with his policy ideas....just saying....
I heard you think that everyone that goes to Trump rallies should be issued an M4, some MREs and sent directly to Afghanistan.
You still support Trump therefore  you are ok with systematic racism.
Or http://blm.black  panthers or congressman black caucus!racism is racism,exactly what our potus said!nothing racist in statement!
President Trump coming to Nevada! Tell Mayor to be Nice! And other Officials! Or NO! Re-Election! God Bless TRUMP!
#sayhisname
Vote to sensor!
Yet you have links to them and a money trail that connects you to neo Nazis as well. Shame on you. You will be outed.
Make your voice heard Senator. Join @SenBobCorker & @marcorubio Trump Lacks 'Stability,' 'Competence' To Succeed
Then why are you backing a president that does?
Say his name, Senator. Without denouncing the messenger himself, your words are hollow. Take your party back.
Sure you do buttercup
You voted for Trump. You supported his disaster of healthcare. Too little, too late, Senator.
How about antifa and blm? You ok with them?
Then stop shaking their hands.
Then it follows that there is no defense or justification for keeping Trump in power.  Have you found your balls yet?
Call out 45 then chicken s***
#kochbrothers are going to run more right wing candidate https://twitter.com/mustangmach1jmm/status/898776885508833280 … leave the #racistgop  you're never going to win
I agree, Senator. A woman was killed in Charlottesville by a neo-Nazi and @POTUS said some of them are "fine people." He is unfit to lead.
THANK YOU. #lovetrumpshate

Lucky that you won't have to prove your sincerity with a Senate vote in this one
Or complete lack thereof
More likely of course
Yet you will not disavow Trump by name or call for his impeachment, rendering your comments meaningless.
What crime has been charged/proven/convicted that would require impeachment?
@realDonaldTrump did. What are you going to do about it?
Will you censure Trump? Will your condemnation actually result in action or will you continue to smile and pose with Nazis?
It starts at the top!  #ImpeachTrump
Policy signed by mentally unstable ppl is non Binding. As Trump's dementia symptoms grow, it's the GOPs DUTY to pursue a MENTAL EXAM
Wait.. But..  Hold up..
Is this not you pictured with....?!
Dirty Dean!!!  @jonlovett
BANNON is the lead terrorist. BANNON has enabled the far right/KKK/NAZIS & given them a platform for their hate/Breitbart #realnews #resist
So why do you keep supporting a white supremacists agenda?
Meanwhile liberals continue to ignore domestic terrorist groups BLM and Antifa. Wonder why you all aren't being taken seriously?!
Then why do you hang out with them
You are a moral and ethical failure if you do not denounce #littledon. You may end up being his only supporter.
Senator, call out Trump by name.  Thx.
Why would he?? He folded on healthcare, he's more loyal to Trump then the people he "represents"

It's not enough to say that there is a problem. A good leader will take decisive, tangible steps to resolve the problem. Please stop Trump.
Tell Trump to resign.
And your support for a potus that has justified hatred, bigotry and violent murder in the name of white supremacy?
The alt left showed up with blow torches & bats. Stop saying what u think people want to hear. U keep getting yourself closer 2 unemployed.
Coward!
Man up, Senator, and call for Trump's resignation. He is unfit for the office, inciting violence and siding with Nazis.
What specific crime has been charged, proven and convicted that warrants impeachment?
Making you cry isn't a crime. ...
Please advocate for Trump's impeachment. His incompetence is a danger to the U.S. Can we survive 3 more yrs of this erratic behavior?
You must denounce Donald Trump is a racist immediately
This is the same dude! Tiki torches and bigotry imported from Russia. #deporthim
Careful who you take pics with Senator. Vet people more properly. Guy on the right is not a good person!
If you are not against trump & his racism, you are supporting racism, nazis & white supremacists. One way or the other. Say his name.
Yes & you need to say that trump is WRONG. Racism is WRONG. How can you still support trump after all the horrible things he has done??
Will you vote for censure?
The Hyde Amendment prohibits most federal funds from going to abortion care except in rare circumstances.
Please, please do something about the POTUS.  Support impeachment!
the time for empty words and faux outrage are over.  time to see real action from gop.  #impeach45

Aug 21-Drop @realDonaldTrump from Twitter/Facebook Monday 8/31. In 1 fell swoop, hit him in the only place he cares about! #DumpTrumpMonday! 
Or...the evil shown by Black Lives Matter or Antifa...or any of the hateful, violent groups who claim to be righteous!
More racist tweets today. Basically invoking violence. Easy to condemn Nazis. Trump is the real threat. #ImpeachTrump

Agreed. And violent Antifa.
Call out this racist president by name. Also...
Umm dude you have pics hanging out with too dumb to know i would actually show up in pictures being a racist dude. So WTF r u babbling about
But your guy in the oval office doesn't believe that. U & the GOP have a problem. U got the guy u all wanted to sign off on your DIRTY work
You need to look at liberals dirty work especially Obama.  Our country was crumbling under his reign.
#littledon is very calculating in his every word. Listen to his racist comments. You can stand by and support a bigot, or you can walk away
I was always told liberals just can't understand what is going on and you just demonstrated that.  Retweet this one.
First BIG step! Finish the sentence by telling us what a little man you support 4 the presidency. #littledon is a racist, always has been
Hitler owned corrupt  media to lie and brainwash Germans like liberals use corrupt media, CNN CBS.  ABC etc to lie and brainwash Americans
Words are highly inadequate. If the GOP doesn't get the WHITE SUPREMACISTS out of the People's White House, Americans will do it themselves.
Agree. But the racism and illegal violence practiced by the leftist demonstrators is unacceptable as well.
White supremacists are wrong... the exact same as BLM and antifa.  If you can't admit that you are a hypocrite!
So weak.
Time to stand up against Trump. You can't be afraid. All Republicans need to stand against this racist President
Just another generic statement from a senator.  Tell us how you feel about Trump's statements. If, you own it!
What about evil in the form of commies and anarchists and disappointed Bernie Bros? How about non-white racists, do they get a pass?
Well?
There is no defense or justification for the actions of antiFa&BLM who were criminally complicit in the death on Saturday
You support and "back" Trump any other time... we no longer believe you! You've failed your constituents.
And yet you blindly, ignorantly continue to support the man who has stoked these fires! I hope you've been looking for a new job!
What will your actions be Senator to help our country rid itself of this evil? #DoSomethingGOP
Nor Lying to your constituents....Repeal & Replace? You will be repealed and replaced...think about a real job!
True. How about you tell us who or what you're referring to.
So does this mean you are supporting the actions of the Antifa and only find fault with the "alt right"?
Do something about it then
And yet you will vote along party lines and kneel before the racist throne of @realDonaldTrump

Nut up or shup Dean.
But there's plenty of it for BLM burning down cities, tearing down our history. I'm an Indigenous mix. Racebaiting, white bashing ends now.
Will never get the picture of Sen. Heller at Trump's right hand being his little b#tch. Your vote on (no) healthcare betrayed Nevadans
Or BLM telling people to kill cops or Antifa shutting down free speech
wow, that's it?  PATHETIC!
Deano
Nor is there justification for the violence propagated by Antifa and other leftist groups who showed up intent on violence #AllSides
The question is how can you continue to support POTUS after this? Or are you just saying what you think will get votes?
What are you going to do about it?  #SayHisName #censuretrump
Well, you throw your full administrative and political support behind a man who DOES defend and justify White Supremacy. Nice work.
No except when you are in a picture with one!!
Senator u r so outraged but pictured with one of the White Supremacists, care to comment?
Agreed. But it is time that other people organized to create violence   and dead be fully prosecuted. That includes people paying to do that
Disown Trump and stand a chance at re-election.  Condemn him or condone his words.
Sen. DH, we NEED you to make a declarative, STRONG statement putting POTUS on notice that you abhor his nonsense.

Sen. DH, NO AMBIGUITY
Your orange friend @POTUS does not agree with you.
#ImpeachTrump  Say his name you coward.  Stop this maddness #GrowASpine or just put on your swastika arm band and join the "permit holders"
Say his name. #ImpeachTrump
.@SenDeanHeller afraid to name names?? Trump, leader of YOUR PARTY, is throwing red meat to Nazis and you hide under 3rd person platitudes.
Yea....   you don't get a pass either! You @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr OWN THIS MESS! 
This is your dude #FauxPrez!  disgraceful
Tell the President.
Lefties wake up!! Hate is ignorant.  I thought you left wingers were supposed to be smart people.  Use the brain GOD gave you!
Reggae removal for what??  Saying the truth that BOTH sides were wrong?
How's the democrat involvement in solving the problem going?
That is what President Trump said.  Thanks for supporting him.
Cheri Trump is NOT the problem.  The angry paid left thugs were the problem
You should know you seem to know them are they friends vote him out.
Well this is awkward: https://twitter.com/iMissMollyIvins/status/896539465677774849 … #Charlottesville
@SenDeanHeller what are you doing hanging out w/Nazi White Supremacist Peter Cvjetanovic? 
How much will it take before you can no longer support the President?
Condemnation by tweet are not enough WE NEED ACTION. We expect both Rep &Dem to #25ththe45th A war w/ Korea & Heather? Trump must be stopped
Please let Trump know this.
Denounce Trump or you are just as bad.
Mr Heller, always come in late with comments.  Trump made that perfectly clear. Back him or you will be out.  Jim Taylor for Senator?
#ImprickThePeach
I agree.  The same goes for antifa don't you agree?
.
There are only TWO Groups in this country
.
1) Legal American Citizens
.
2) Illegal occupiers - They MUST be Deported, Period!
.
Why are you not condemning Trump's comments? The GOP is spineless for refusing to stand up to a racist president. Disgusting.
Then support articles of impeachment
@SenDeanHeller Time for you to lead the charge for @realDonaldTrump's impeachment.
Then why did you vote for one, coward?  So Nazis bad, but admitted sexual assault is A-Okay with Dean Heller?
Great!  Now say his name.... Trump = Bad
It's time to question why they feel comfortable meeting with you and why the President feels comfortable defending them, Senator.
Finally.  Now, what are you going to do about it?
Continue to vote for Trump's racist, plutocratic agenda, despite the wishes of a majority of Nevadans. That's my guess... #VoteHellerOut
But amazingly you still support this nazi lover
Thank you, Senator Heller, for articulating the position that our President was incapable of stating.
So what will you do to remove the Pres from office?
Without action, your's are but empty words
Or black
It take ZERO courage to wait days to be against Nazis &you STILL refuse to denounce trump! You're the definition of cowardess
It's just ok to pose for pictures with them.
https://twitter.com/Axel39557413/status/897846692174864384 …
Will you call out Trump by name or just laugh it off like you did when you sat next to him in WH. Time to truly stand up senator.
Then do something now. Your words mean nothing without action. #ImpeachTrump #ComplicitGOP
Please stand up for us and call for .@potus to resign.
Here is a template of how to call out the racist prez- #saysomething
Agreed now why the Heck are you blocking Yucca Mountain?
Then DO something about it. Don't just throw your hands up and say "yeah, it's bad" Trump has got to go.
Then work to remove confederate statues in the capitol!
Thank you @SenDeanHeller for denouncing white supremacists and neo-nazi's in no uncertain terms!
Found one, now what?
Time is up.  Trump threatens our democracy.  Sen Heller - be an American hero and join movement to impeach.  All our futures at stake.
There is no moral justification for Antifa and Black Lives Matter! Trump is correct. Have you forgotten 5 police killed in TX?
then how do you justify VonClownstick, president of white nationalist neo-nazi's?
Yay! You finally visited the wizard of oz and got some courage. Sadly your party is filled with Nazis and you'll probably get primaried
POTUS has shown he accommodates white supremacists. If there is no defense, as you say, then you must remove POTUS from office.
Call your President out for defending and justifying them.
You talking to someone in particular? Hard to tell
Call out the one who defends and justifies by name #trumpisaracist
So I'll just hold my breath till you actually vote against anything this nazi supporting prez wants, right?
There is also no defense or justification 4 the evil of the far left violence on display in all these demonstrations tho they R given a pass
Then come out against Trump's statements!! Don't tweet it, scream it, so everyone hears you!   #impeachtrump
You need to say this to our Nazi in Chief!!  The rest of us already understand this; "he" clearly does not. #GrowASpineGOP #ImpeachTrump
You, @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan are "Do Nothing" Disgusting Pigs! Your Racist @POTUS Applauds KKK & Nazis that Committed Murder?
And extreme left? The people in Black Shirts?
#CALLTRUMPOUT! Why r u and rest of GOP so afraid of Trump? He has no fear to rip his fellow GOP but u & others r spineless!

Please go on....
Support President Trump on healthcare, taxes, border wall, etc.
Way to go out on a limb there Sen. Will you fight the nomination of trump in three years?
No and that is exactly what President Trump said
WHEN GOOD PEOPLE ALLOW EVIL TO GO UNCHECKED....THEY ARE NOT GOOD. 
WHAT
WILL
YOU
DO
HELLER?
Why are you taking pics with klansmen/white supremists?  Whats the back story on that?
SO WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?? CONDEMN AND SUPPORT LIKE MOST REPUBLICANS DO?
We already know this; tell your party's leader who doesn't.
also black lives matter and the destruction over there at the college
60 million people died in WWII as a result of Nazism...
But now you need to make it clear who you are talking about - then you might gain back some support for next election.
Glad you finally said it out loud. Thank you.
You still lost 2 votes in 2018 even if you don't agree with D Trump. You voted yes to Skinny Repeal.
Call him out by his name!
Talk is cheap, like your fuhrer. Nothing will change unless you stand up like a man and take action. Still waiting after 7 long months......
