Hush, you've credibility and respect because of you're failure to stand up.
You Sir, are a sell-out! We were promised a clean repeal of ACA. Now I will lose my eyesight & my home. Thanks for NOTHING!
One term Dean, all Nevadans need to know about you is that when you had a chance to take away their Medicaid, you were on it like a fly on 
Oh shit, I have a Cadillac...with a deadhead sticker.
Nevadans know exactly what @SenDeanHeller's vote meant last night—that he doesn't care about them.
don't mean to be dramatic, but unless you vote no on #SkinnyRepeal  more people will actually die than have to
you got to get planned parenthood back in.....
Attacking the Cadillac tax. Perfect!! As confusing as the work will appear, your future has something to do with selling used cars.

We saw your press conference, we heard your promise, then we watched you VOTE AGAINST THE PEOPLE & BREAK YOUR WORD.

#VoteHellerOUT
#TheResistance 
#Resist
You Lied on June 23 saying u wouldn't vote to cut healthcare. Last night you voted Yes on repeal- disgrace and spineless
https://www.facebook.com/moveon/videos/10154636218615493/ …
voting to repeal Obamacare & kick130,000 Nevadians off medicaid, you will lose job...& you will also be guilty of people losing their lives
I WANT the Caddilac Tax and #Trump says you're a fool
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Tweeting about the Cadillac tax while the healthcare issue rages on?! Seriously. More proof u are out of touch with Nevadans.
YOUR 2FACED~CANT B TRUSTED!
Not a word out of you as Trump continues his bigotry against trans people serving in our military. Shameful! We are sick of u Heller
Big reason why #Obamacare is still the law of the land! If that's all you've got is the #CadillacTax; your worthless like #McCain & #swamp
Looks like @SenJohnMcCain did what you didn't have the nerve to do. Voters will remember.
You're a traitor to the people of #NV
Let's stay focused on the ones who betrayed the American people in last night's vote. That photo of you yucking it up with DT says it all.
Never mind that. Let's all talk about how you sold out the people by voting for that BS "skinny" repeal of ACA. Hypocrite. We won't forget.
WE NV'S ARE DONE WITH YOU! YOU CANT B TRUSTED. YOUR A FAKE MAN
Thank You John McCain. Standing up for what he knows is right. 
I think you will be losing your senate seat in 2018!
You need to PERMANENTLY REPEAL O'Care! You bunch of LYING RINOS! RAN on REPEAL THEN BETRAY US!
Wow @SenDeanHeller

You voted YES to take Healthcare away Nevada's children, veterans, and disabled

We will not forget this in 2018
YOU can't B trusted. When WITH your thug repuber friends you say? Then when back in NV you say another. YOU CANT B TRUSTED
Your history
And prior to that you voted in favor of losing health care for 16 million people.
Just tweeted about the need to repeal your tenure in the Senate. You are toast.
what the fuck is a Cadillac Tax.
More defunding of the ACA? GOP keeps chipping away.
Outstanding!
Thankful that @lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins and @SenJohnMcCain acted honorably. You were a coward. Puppet to @WynnLasVegas. Pitiful.
Americans breathed a collective sigh of relief! No healthcare vote until russia sanctions bill is signed!
you voted yes on a dead bill. What is wrong with you? #Shame
that 'Opiod $$" they're promising won't go far. #HellerVoteNo and save your people.
We are all watching every second right now- VOTE DOWN SKINNY REPEAL !!!! PLEASE !!!
Voting yes on any type of repeal will harm rural Nevadans.
You let us down.
vote no on #SkinnyRepeal
Vote no
YOUR VIDEO IS LONG AND BORING AND PREACHY... MINE IS  ****MUCH ***** BETTER
Being part of an act taking place in the middle of the night is not defensible. You are misrepresenting Nevadans! Shame on U #RepealHeller
Thank you Senator! #USA  #middleclassproblems

Vote no. Grow a spine for once
Vote no on the #skinnybill - ur lack of backbone is why u are having this vote today- see u in 2018
Vote no!  This is getting ridiculous
Keep your word and vote no on repeal as you promised.  Work with the democrats to fix ACA. We are watching and voting.
What about Health care?
Did the dems say it was ok?
Did you call Wynn for approval. You ball washing senator. Abdicate responsibility so easily. Show some backbone
Forget this tax for now not valid till 2020 vote no on any health care bill that hurts Nevadans
You might be focusing on the wrong aspects of healthcare reform.
Why aren't you trying to come up with ways to lower prescription costs and fighting for transparency in healthcare pricing?
Good job! The skinny bill shouldn't happen! Pls work jointly to make a HC bill that will work for more Americans! Need to get ins & Pharm on
vote no on this disaster of a bill. You promised to fund PP. Insurance rates will rise, millions will lose insurance.
There will be blood on your hands if you vote for #SkinnyRepeal. If you knowingly allow Nevadans to DIE, voters WILL remember in 2018.
How does this benefit ordinary Americans?
By murdering them. No more sickness when you're dead! That must be Heller's vision if he votes for the #SkinnyRepeal
THE MANDATES NEED TO B REPEALED.BUT IM SURE YOU SENATORS THAT VOTE NO ARE BEING PAID BY INSURANCE COS.OUR PRES.IS THE ONLY ONE FIGHTING 4 US
You should have fully REPEALED OCARE ...

"SELL OUT!"

Esp. for the Sasses and McCains and others who talk about fixing the Senate, fixing the republic, etc. Give me a break.
no thanks-you just fkd america
Yes repeal!
YOU are done in Nevada if you vote yes
Dotherightthing.Dotherightthing.Dotherightthing.Dotherightthing.Dotherightthing.Dotherightthing.Dotherightthing.Dotherightthing.#VoteNo
You worry about Cadillac and most people can't afford the pinto
How abt those in individual market w/o subsidy that get NO tax advantage. Employer covered HC gets cheaper rates & tax break. Sad. Unfair.
this is a disaster - Work with dems to fix costs. PLEASE VOTE NO- majority of Americans (who know the FACTS) do not want this.
NO TO SKINNY
Hey this is disturbing. Is this how the #gop @GOP speak. Kids can't read this article he's perverse!
shameful #SkinnyRepeal #skinnybill #MAGA
LOL IF YOU LIKE YOUR CADILLAC TAX PRESIDENT OBAMA U CAN KEEP IT!
How does this prevent our premiums from going up & stop insurers from leaving NV? Skinny bill does both & u will vote yes. Hypocrite & liar
THANK YOU! MAY GOD BLESS YOU! LOVE FROM TEXAS!
Hank says hi.
Don't vote for the shitty Senate bill, do something right for a  change
Time to repeal the title "Senator" in front of your name.
Hey hope you enjoy your last year in Congress as much as you enjoyed being wined and dined by Steve Wynn
You caved. Repeal and replace Heller! Gonna happen 2018. Not soon enough.
You're a coward and a punk. You vote for this "skinny" bs, you can kiss your career goodbye.
So @SenDeanHeller when are you going pass a bill that says you have to live under the law you pass?
WE DONT CARE. FIX THIS RIDICULOUS HEALTHCARE MESS #hypocrite
The tax was there to prevent abuse in charging company employees ridiculous premiums.  Shame on you.
@SenDeanHeller - please watch @mattbc video to understand no cuts to #Medicaid
Mike Pence thinks I was 'personally irresponsible' to get sick as a little kid. Does their cruelty know any limits? #SaveMedicaid 
No we don't need to do that.
Just repair plz. Why is it so important that to denigrate what's good about #Obamacare? Ask @BenSasse. it's not like insurance was dream b4
It's too late bro, your done/gone enjoy your last little bit of time left
Vote @RosenforNevada 2018, folks. She could win merely by committing not to KILL any Nevadans, since Heller is clearly willing to do that.
Are you seriously going to vote on a bill you haven't seen? GOP insanity. #VoteNo  16 million people.
u sold u r soul to special interest & 1%! U r a coward who does not have the guts to stand up for the people!  Pus..
This is the dumbest plan I've ever heard
Healthcare is not a cadillac, its many time life or death
Your vote not to repeal my have spelled your end in NV.  A good listener wins
You're about to be the Tom MacArthur of the Senate. I wouldn't want to be either of you in 2018. YUGE donations to @RosenforNevada already.

And just like that, you dive right back into the the hundreds of thousands of lost votes pool to please a few thousand. #2018Election
Funny thing about Hellers who kill their own voters with terrible, shortsighted policy; They lose their seats to @RosenforNevada in 2018.
Really? That's what you're worried about? Shameful.
You need to cut this shit out Heller. You've known that ANY of these proposals would cause Nevadans to DIE from DAY 1. Your voters. DEAD.
Senator Heller I hope you get replaced by a Republican that actually believes in the principles of liberty and freedom.
You have zero credibility.
A tax which will only effect insurers after Congress changed the rules in 2015. Stop supporting your $$ donors and support Nevadans.
Not enough people who vote care 2 cents about the Cadillac Tax on healthcare. Focus on the masses who vote losing thier healthcare!!!!!
Why do Republicans Senator not understand that the MAJORITY of Americans want to keep their healthcare! VOTE NO SIR & WORK TO FIX ACA
Because they are more loyal to party and rich contributors like Adelson then to America or thier Nevada Constituents like us
The Hole Of Obama Care Needs To Go , That Is Why You Got Elected ..
WOW you're such a brave Trump lap dog.
Wonder what just came out of his mouth?? Once you lie to America your done!
The greatest hoax http://fb.me/4Vwwetk2G 
Enjoy your taxpayer funded Healthcare while you screw poor Nevadans.
Dean:
Shame on you for participating in this charade. Your legacy will be that you took healthcare away from millions. How tragic!!
Please vote NO on the "skinny" bill!!!!!
I was incorrect. Here you go - why repeal it?
Because insurers are paying him. Isn't that right, Senator? United Healthcare isn't your constituency. WE ARE!
Vote No on the Skinny! Don't betray the majority.
Wealthy small business owners will treat their employees like scab labor with no option for ins. without mandates Dont you know that
Please, please, please vote NO. There are ways to fix the ACA - blowing it up is not the answer.
Nope. No on that matters has reached out to you about a #CadillacTax! We want no vote on #skinnybill! It's bad for #NV it's bad for USA 
#saveourhealthcare

Is the health of America, our lives, to be voted upon a party line? 
Of all votes, shouldn't our LIVES get #Bipartisan committees &hearings?
Get back to work on ACA!
For a Senator who Just a week ago said he would not vote Yes lied to the folks on NV if he votes Yes for a bill they called a Fraud!
Just voted against sending this back to committee with instructions on CadillacTax so NV watch will vote Yes to skinny repeal & no conf
And this self serving tweet just earned another dollar for @RosenforNevada

Phony, you voted No to Repeal...now it's CYOA time with this BS. Your done..you liar. DONE!
JUST. VOTE. NO. 

It is ridiculous that you can't breakaway from tRump. You are so weak, so easily bullied. Break ACA & you will own it.
No the issue is to VOTE NO ON SKINNY HEALTHCARE BILL This bill HURTS YOUR CONSTITUENTS AND MILLIONS OF AMERICANS. BE A HERO! VOTE NO!
It really takes a lot of courage to cut taxes for the people who are buying your vote. #VOTENO
How many of you in Senate opted for a Cadillac plan under YOUR ACA insurance options. Typical American can't afford those, much less the tax
12 percent approval of this killer bill.
You're banking on fact we don't know only senators can afford those plans AND the damn 42% tax.
Not true. I have excellent medical coverage through my employer and it would definitely hit the levels for the tax.
What's your monthly premium?
The company pays it. It's about $1200 a month that it costs them
Are they self-funded, then? Insurer provides ASO?
You know your rich donors will go after veterans next. We all lose if you vote for this. Right wing extremists.
Vote NO #saveourhealthcare
Stop this irresponsible, immoral bill and process. Be an adult, stand up like a man. People, including my sister will die, because of this
Millions of people stand to lose their healthcare including the veterans that you claim to care about and you post about a Cadillac tax?
Kiss ass given into 45 instead of your people
.@SenDeanHeller = SenDonQuixote. While your fake leadership is pushing a bill to destroy the insurance market, you are tilting at windmills.
Wow! You're really pissing off your own ppl! Hope selling your soul is worth it because you can kiss your job goodbye.
Repeal Obamacare or lose every Republican in Nevada !
He'd lose them if it passed too, once they figure out what the @GOP has done to them.
Agreed. He can't win for losing...
I feel like @SenateGOP knows that there are at least as many GOP voters on #Medicare as dem voters, but their actions say otherwise.
DEMS ride the backs of REPS ... you get all your's FREE. Why would you want REPEAL? LEECHES!
How did this clown get elected ?
Just vote NO on the “Skinny Bill”!
Sell out on Healthcare. House Health plan cuts 23 million people off and you guys want to go to conference with them by voting yes skinny bi
Don't forget your promises to Nevadans. See you next year election. 
Please please protect the sick and vulnerable. Don't hand the House a loaded gun aimed at grandmas! #VoteNo #aca #SenateHealthCareBill
Vote NO on Trumpcare!
Please stand with your honorable colleagues @lisamurkowski and @SenSusanCollins and protect and fix the ACA.
You need to vote NO on Trumpcare now.
If you own some of this shit show, you own all of it.  Congrats!
