Our judiciary is being poisoned by a Trump ideology that lies, steals, bullies, & exonerates its own crimes.
And is poisoning the future for the next four/five generations of children. THAT is the great SIN of this action by @SenateMajLdr
@SenHarryReid brought this on, not the Republican Party. Deal with it.
Nope. Mitch and the GOP own this.
If I remember correctly he changed the filibuster rules in 3013?
This step by McConnell could have been avoided if they had given Garland his rightful consideration. They were too craven to do it.
The Democrats are too craven.
I know you are, but what am I? Come on.
So you're clear:

Susan Rice did nothing wrong

It's Garland's seat

#TrumpRussia is a threat to all of us

We won't forget, #GOP.
Okay for Hillary to give Uranium to RUSSIA with a group of http://investors.Media  crickets,Bill speech $500,000 to Moscow,media crickets.
How many times does this dumb uranium story have to be debunked by fact-checkers before Trump's mouth-breathing loyalists finally wake up?
Unfortunately, it keeps getting repeated by Trump's Intelligence Agencies (Fox, Breitbart, infowars) so he & #Spicer keep repeating it too.
All these has nothing to do with nominating A judge
It's about the politics of obstructing a judge who was legitimately nominated and owed the consideration of the Senate.
So what about Garland? He was also legitimately nominated and owed consideration. He didn't even get a hearing.
You're lying. The senators who oppose him represent more than half of the country. #MerrickGarland is the SCOTUS justice America wants.
Hell NO! You had your chance for 8 years. It's our turn, now.
Oh, then you agree that Garland -- who was rightfully nominated during those 8 yrs -- is the one entitled to be voted on. Glad we agree!
He closed the deal with the American people, just not the belligerent, amoral thugs who make up the Republican party now.
So apparently you support the anti-constitutional, amoral thuggery of McConnell, et al. Nice to know your opinion is horse shit & now muted.
Just to be clear, you ignored the people & Constitution w/ #Garland, blocked info on #trumprussia, & changed rules w/ #Gorsuch
Just so YOU ARE CLEAR #Gorsuch #illegitimate 2 #SCOTUS
He'll NEVER have #Respect of the people! You Mitch weakened SCOTUS! Voting You Out!!
@JJohnson2u @jjtalko @LaurasBlue @SheWhoVotes @crazylary51 @SagArcher @SureArcher @Gage_McPirate @not2beme @irish_woman @DivergentResist
Actually, that's a good look for you #MitchcorporatebitchMcConnell
I am dying.... literally dying! 
Then my work is Done!

On what #AltPlanet is thisa reality? Man you've gotta go! #UselessAndDangerous #RepealAndReplaceMitchMcConnell

Right, NOT, you can delude yourself all you want Senator. He doesn't even have 60 votes. No big deal. You can tell that to the prisoners.
But not the majority of the American people
Holding 3 senators hostage with their seats is not bipartisanship.
Of 51, not the magic 60.
@SpeakerRyan really? So where's the 60 votes....
Why did we not have a vote for Obamas nominee.  You lie
You know that's a lie ... And yet 
Merrick Garland
I believe it was a Republican that first yelled this out...but in this case, it IS both deserved and appropriate: McConnell you are a LIAR!
Just to be clear, Garland should be on SCOTUS. You're a hypocrite and liar. No right wing ideologues on SCOTUS. #resist
Illegitimate. Illegitimate. Illegitimate. Illegitimate. Illegitimate. Illegitimate.
Just so you're clear, Gorsuch is a cheat & should never have made it through law school, let alone be on the highest court in the land.
I think you're living in that alternate universe with Trump where falsehoods become facts.
He would not have been approved if you had not changed the rules. Your dirty tricks will come back to bite you, you are setting the stage.
he plagiarized, made bad ruling against child w/ disabilities, & thinks ok to fire person 4 saving life.
It's a stolen seat. Your party has jumped the shark. Day of reckoning soon #TrumpRussia
No he does not
How does changing the rules everyone has lived with for years make him a legitimate SCOTUS? #RepublicCheaters
So did Merrick Garland, you vile twit. Delete your account.
Um. No. He doesn't. That's why yippy had to CHEAT to forced him through. #YouSuck
Have you no shame, Sir. Can't remember when you were young? Resign! You are a waste of a human. Thank you for your crappy service. Now go!
No.  He is the bastard of the court.
Just so you are clear. You obstructed Merrick Garland and we the people will remind you at the polls.
Gorsuch is totally out the mainstream as a judge. You are a horrible liar but of course so is our so-called President.
To be sure,  there's a sh!t storm a brewing. Two sided, two faced. Can't trust anything any more
Bullshit
You realize this is an out and out lie, right? God sees your lies, and he judges you accordingly. See you in hell, sinner!
He's illegitimate. But could you tell us how much $$ you and @SpeakerRyan and your wife. received from Russia.
Fake, libel
You, a year ago today: "I think it’s safe to say there will not be hearings or votes."
@Dovewoman1 can't impeach. Can vote GOP out.
I believe that WI, MI, FL & PA all won by small margins because malware was placed in vote machines & votes flipped.  Didn't do it in CA.
@HouseGOP No.
What kind of math are you using? It may be a majority, and a few Dems are scared enough to vote for him.  Definitely not bipartisan majority
What difference does it make to you what anybody thinks about the lifetime appointment you stole?
Provided the Dems are not pressured by Schumer
Just so everyone's clear, you're a spineless weasel who is complicit in this act of treason against our country.
@HouseGOP I don't belive that's true sir
#MerrickGarland
Probably more.
#GreedyOldPricks is what the @GOP has become. Bipartisan my ass! When you impeded Obama, you set the precedent. You're not working for USA.
You're a liar, and a thief. This idea also has majority support.
Dream on Turtleman, dream on.... and enjoy your last term!!  
REALLY? Are you drunk?
Thank you for the information !
And you are consistently a party over country senator, patriotism is a myth to you!
You're a fraud Mitch, the world knows it. Despicable tactics from a despicable man. But #WeThePeople are set to change your behavior.
Ahahhh hahahahahaha!! By "bipartisan"- you mean 3 dems. The ones opposing gorsuch represent over 52% of Americans. The people don't want him
Pretty sure Merrick Garland would have too if you had allowed him to have a vote.
Just so you're clear, #Gorsuch is an illegitimate justice nominated by an illegitimate president and confirmed by an illegitimate GOP Senate
You stole this confirmation.  Should be ashamed for your actions as a "leader" these last 10 years.
Just so everyone is clear ... that is deceiving! There was a #DEM filibuster? Bipartisan is more than a couple of dem votes. #BeClear
How about you go on a budget before you go on vacation? Instead of pushing this ass through for Trump!
Sir, it may be bipartisan support but it's not enough for you to stop your plans for destroying the Senate rules and going nuclear.  Shame.
Bad turtle, lying is wrong.
No he doesn't you delusional hack.  Garland did though but you out power and politics ahead of doing what was right.
To be clear, you are a hypocrite!  GOP used filibusters INDISCRIMINATELY during Obama's presidency.
Please retire
Putin is a big fan too
So he will be confirmed?
Bullshit.
NOT the majority of #WeThePeople
Check the latest polls about the dissenting trump voters
Oh Mitchy....I hope your days are numbered. I hope Trump takes you down with him.
#trumprussia
Then why the possible attempt of filibuster?
FILIBUSTER GORSUCH!!
I don't believe you. You are lying to America. You shouldn't lie to the people you work for. You remember that you work for us, right?
You do know that everyone knows you are a liar. Good thing is you are a senior citizen to you get a pass for dementia.
"Just so we're clear, I lost my decency somewhere during an all night beer binge frat sacrifice ritual in a college. Have you seen it?"
Just to be clear, less than 20% of dems supporting is not bi-partisan!  #TrumpMisfits
Just so you are clear, Prune Head, you did everything in your power to keep Merrick Garland from his rightful seat! Dispicable! 
McConnell you're the WORST of corruption! You have helped poison our country!
Oh you disappointing man. No one with any morals or ethics supports you. Or respects you. Get out of the way.
Tell that to Merrick Garland
Really?  please share the party break down
What about Garland?
why is it so easy for you to flat-out lie?
Wow, bipartisan support. You got like the 3 DINO's in the democratic party?
So did GARLAND, just to be CLEAR 
So you were "forced" to use the nuclear option because...?
Your approval ratings are lower than herpes
Merrick Garland
Mitch, how wrong you are....
Just so everyone is clear, Judge Gorsuch enjoys a stolen SCOTUS seat. You stole it for him.
WRONG!
Sounds like talking about nothing again
Just so everyone is clear we The People will forever remember you as the TRAITOR who destroyed the Senate for illegitimate POTUS!
U r living in trumpey's alternative universe. So glad to hear u whine after that BS u pulled last year. This year is no different.
How's your wife's new job? Quid. Pro. Quo.
Want to see old Mitch go nuclear on that. This is just one obstruction that needs 2 be retired. Hate of a Good Man turned souls dark & evil
Bipartisan my ass.
Stolen seat. Shameful.
No, he doesn't. Joe Manchin and his trump Flunkie pals are closet republicans.
You are delusional. If is were true, you wouldn't have to change the rules. Change the nominee, not the rules.
Just 2 b clear, I wouldn't use th word "enjoy".  Nothing enjoyable abt naming Gorsuch, albeit impressive credentials, 2 th SC. Yr no leader.
My god you are still tweeting?  Which party are you with?
Let's not turn th clock back.  Think of th country first not yr reelection.  I will work 2 defeat yr reelection if u vote 2 confirm Gorsuch.
Bipartisan? You're following the Glorious Leader's habit of spouting utter bullshit.
Tweets like this certainly portray strength #noreallyguysitscool #nowrubmybelly
Merrick Garland.
Nope
Fillibuster time
@SpeakerRyan Hang Tough!!!
ah NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Booooo Hiss they got you and Ryan involved in the Russian stealing of the election hope your butt go to prison&not federal club
No he doesn't....what alternative universe are you in
Everyone who's butt-hurt about it can thank Biden and Reid. It was ok when they did & said same, but not now? Oh waaaah!
They have 51 votes.. in the bag now.. tick tick
when the rules don't go your way Blow the Senate up #nuclear #plagiarist a cheater in a stolen seat
Work bipartisanship! Not GOP strong hold. It is up the We the People.
No he didn't - and you rammed him through even though he did not answer any question in a meaningful way #unfitToLead
McConnell, Ryan, and the rest are just criminals and leaders of no one. Just a bunch of sad racist, with demon hearts and souls.
Just so everyone is clear, you denied @POTUS44 his constitutional responsibility by refusing to allow hearings, & threatened to deny H hers
Not too late to do the right thing, Mitch! Work with your Dem senators to find a consensus nominee. Your treatment of Garland was wrong.
- Yeah, not so much pal.
Just to be clear the President is under investigation for ties with Russia. #noconfirmation #investigaterussia
Again so you say?
While Trump's administration is being investigated no justice should be confirmed.
Too bad Merrick Garland wasn't given the same opportunity.  He would have been an ideal candidate but you shut that down!  DISGUSTING
Is it really bipartisan if the vote is along party lines?
Is that why you had to go nuclear to confirm him to the seat you stole from Garland?
Just so everyone is clear
who cares he's a thief and so are you. Traitor
YOU, OLD MAN, HAVE OUTLIVED YOUR USEFULNESS. TIME TO GO....TAKE CARE OF THAT KENTUCKY, WILL YOU? TRUMP TAX RETURN, PLEASE!!!
Just so everyone is clear, @SenateMajLdr enjoys #LIES just as much as @realDonaldTrump   #LIAR  #LIAR  #LIAR  #LIAR
Just to be clear #Gorsuch was hand picked by Steve Bannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews. #SCOTUS
Just so you are clear, you are terrible at bringing the country together.
Sitting in a stolen seat.
Merrick Garland would have had bipartisan support first #kangaroogovernment
Just so everyone is clear. Mr. Turtle is a Trump puppet.

#TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Enjoy your last term.
Gorsuch is a weirdo who uses ideology instead of law, like you all do. He is extreme like all of you. McConnell needs to go
History will remember you poorly
At least the committee had a hearing on Judge Gorsuch.  You wouldn't let one take place for Judge Garland. Sorry for your trouble vote NO
You really have lost it Mitch.
<=== LIES
Who are you trying to kid Senator? You stole Garland's seat by changing Senate rules. Btw, your job approval is @ 20% in Gallop poll
10 of 10 frozen truckers oppose trump nominee.
3 democrats makes it bipartisan? Interesting definition. What does @MerriamWebster think of that?
Neither of you enjoy the support of the majority of Americans though. Your curse upon our country will taint your 'legacy' for generations.
Clearly you don't know what majority is... You have 4? Dems because they live in red States that is why

Why has the GOP turned their backs on Americans and supporting our democracy being destroyed the GOP has to go  elections soon cant wait
You're as smarmy and dishonest as they come.
Like Merrick Garland? You're a relic of an era that should have gone extinct long ago. Your brand of politics is the past, like your party.
Uh, no.
Two members of opposition party equals bipartisan. Noted.
Just so you know, he does not enjoy the support of the majority of Americans. @BLUE4equality @HouseDemocrats @pantsuitnation @maddow
Pretty sure that we could replace #Gorsuch with #Garland in every one of your tweets.  #SCOTUS
You stole the seat and hastened the demise of our Democratic institutions. A pox on you.
So you won't be breaking our Democracy by "going nuclear"?
#FAKEnews
just so  everyone is clear
trailer mcconnell is the most disgusting parasite sucking
from american blood on long-term congressional welfare
scandal artist
you should be ashamed of yourself. how do you look at yourself in the,mirror?
Do you have dimentia? Did you already forget what YOU did to #MerrickGarland?
