U.S. economy rebounded sharply in the spring, growing at the fastest pace in more than two years. http://apne.ws/dzVt5cB 
And you did such a great job in swiftly tackling health care reform!  Your vote to remove 22,000,000 Americans from ACA will be remembered.
Can't remove people who are not getting healthcare because they don't have a plan or because deductibles are so high it doesn't matter.
The work of Congress should have been focused on inclusion of all (under federal law), and a bipartisan effort to fix the problems w ACA.
The Democratic Party did not offer or present a single idea to fix Obamacare under Obama.
Hard to get bipartisan input when one party made all the decisions behind closed doors.  This isn't a Rep/Dem issue. Majority want ACA.
Excuse me! ACA passed in 2010. Obama in charge thru 1/20/17. Did nothing to address known issues with ACA. Majority want healthcare, not ACA
Congress had 7 yrs to address ACA issues of which all were aware, and came back with a Draconian plan designed to hurt the poor and elderly.
Obama had 7 years and never offered one idea for change.
Your super rich tax reform will bankrupt this country and our economy. You are working against the people of Nevada
No, you are wrong. It will create more ratables. If we listen to you there will be no businesses or employed people to tax
Nevada just lowered their minimum wage. Wonder why?
Taxes are to high for increased wages. Business can't afford it. 
Duh!
Exactly. To arbitrarily raise wages without sustainable growth is idiotic.
They believed @SenSanders & @HillaryClinton & found out they were WRONG.
They found out but getting them to admit it.... A whole mother story. Single payer healthcare the same. Ask Cali. Budget 180B.. SPHC 200B
Did anyone learn anything from the baby in England?
Do they want the gov't to decide which baby w/defect or elderly person can live?
Heller needs to be gone from the Senate
SEN DEEP STATE FBI & DOJ WILL NOT GIVE UP PUBLIC RECRDS HILARYS emails! WE HAVE THAT RIGHT!  #LockHerUp isn't enough public interest?  C'mon
Dean Heller isn't America worth saving from Soros? Is it in your to bertray your country,  mankind? Stop Soros please. America needs you!
Still waiting for my check from George Soros. Can you make that happen for me.
Then Marilyn why? Why would you trust a known corrupted USA gvrnmt compared to a newcomer who only wants to make aAmerica great again?
What is so worth telling me than I'm not good enough to have who I think is best for my country?   Why does our vote don't count?
Seriously? A few months with our Clown & Chief in the big office did not lead to the economy we have at this moment.  
You know this. Shame
#Taxreform is #GOP euphemism for tax cuts for the rich (the “trickle down lie): the #1 cause of exploding Nat'l debt & wealth gap. Shameful!
Proven fact, Trickle Down Economics hasn't worked in the past, WON'T WORK NOW. LEARN FROM YOUR MISTAKES.
It worked out well, prosperous times during Reagan era. 10-12% salary increases, less taxes.
Oh no.... Not facts... I dare you... 
Just like u supported repeal OCare? NV needs new Senator
Good to know that your price for a vote against HC for 20+mil people is only 1 mil
As a result of Obama's 8 years at the helm... do you not understand how the economy works...
Just hop off this idiots bus. It is barreling the USA towards a cliff we will only end up as a third world economy afterward. STOP
Trump's reform?  It's only for the 1%. So explain yourself. If you're still on his side, you're done.
THIS PLAN ONLY BENEFITS THE PEOPLE YOU SOLD YOUR HEALTH VOTE TO-NOT EVERYDAY WORKING NEVADANS-YOU ARE PROMOTING OUR NEXT RECESSION
Heller will be unemployed soon - start packing dean
You realize this growth has come under Obama policies which will continue through October 1.
So you want us to believe you will actually vote "yes" on tax reform??? Is that it??
Sounds like something YOUR president would tweet.   Get a life
If US Senate doesn't fund border security including the wall, along with rest of POTUS platform, we won't vote for you. Period.
Thanks obama
Yes, but with Harvey, are we going to see a huge decrease?
Bad news for you @SenDeanHeller you did not support POTUS when you had the chance. Say "Goodnight" Mr. Heller. #RINO  #VoteThemAllOut
Thanks Obama!
You're so full of it..all talk. You need to be replaced, then you can go on another vacation
Are you going to attack tax reform using the same method as you fixed healthcare? OBAMACARE IS STILL BROKEN.
How bout you keep the $40 a year you'll save me and help rebuild Houston with it? Maybe fund some health care for people?
Repeal Obamacare and healthcare costs will drop.
Thank God @BarackObama is gone
Do something
By tax reform I hope you mean fair equitable.
HA! you mean a shift to individual tax payers backs from coperations and 1%
You will sell out
Mr Heller, our military costs us as much as next 7 countries combined.  Before giving more $, please have efficiency and waste eliminated
Why are you working against the working people of Nevada?
"This is bad news for NV and why Congress must swiftly take down tax cuts for the super rich."
Fixed it for you.
Give this a listen, spanky.
resign now please
be honest  you are going to raise the deficit by a lot (bad under Obama, good under Trumpie)
The best tax system for American businesses is the Fair Tax,but congress refuses to even debate it!
#FAIRtax is REAL #taxreform that will #MAGA & #MTFA. Simple-visible-efficient http://FAIRtax.org/petition 
@dagenmcdowell 
@MorningsMaria 
Lets get it done!
Yes pl take your head out fr under that rock & support R Presidents agendas on tax reform! Amer wd really appreciate some cooperation FrT's
per below from treasury average corp tax rate is 20% - you can't slash rate and not slash deductions. 

http://tinyurl.com/y7jjapt2 
You only want to give tax breaks to yourself and your rich friends. Until that changes, sit down and shut up.
This is also cuz if the senate fails once again, you'll be sent back home to the desert next year. U aleady have a stiff primary challenger
I've heard that you shouldn't fix something that ain't broke....
@SenDeanHeller Are you on board w/ taxing 401(K)s to pay for corp tax reductions? Focus should be on individuals' tax cuts to spur spending
@AP to bad its all smoke and mirrors. Or in plain English...bullshit.
Too bad you're not smart enough to know what's REALLY going on...
It seems you have little to no understanding of how these systems operate. Growth? You have no clue about central banks? History of money?
Why do corporations and wealthy need more tax breaks when economy growing, record profits and cash? Trickle down is really suck up.
They are the highest taxed stifling growth.
Trump says the economy is booming. Where is the stifled growth? The largest corps pay little or no taxes. Oil industry gets billions in sub.
Give tax breaks to the everyday man no millionaire billionaires
Thanks Obama!
Only if u are rich. U and the R party take care of the rich and hell with the rest us & no u are too wishy washy on issues.
I haven't seen any Improvement in my wallet. It is great if u have Money in stocks. We in Nevada can barely afford to live. U don't get it
Short-sighted thinking...give it time to trickle down...
Will you back down on tax reform like you did on the gutting of Obamacare? #DishonestDean #RepealAndReplaceHeller #nvsen
Hopefully he will.  The Republican tax plan will only benefit the rich, I'm sure.
And this is precisely how we wound up in the recession! Republican trickle down economics have Never worked. You know this. We know you do
Why when it comes to your vote you'll go against your president, your party, & your voters! Don't believe you ! 
Who benefits from this reform exactly? People like me or the casino owners who line your pockets? #votehellerout
Are you going to do actual reform, or are you just going to cut taxes for your wealthy donors & screw the rest of us again?
tax cuts for all. Tax reform for businesses. @POTUS tax reform idea helps EVERYONE which stimulates economy. Can't  blow this
Your killing the middle class for your rich donors.
How much proof of collusion do you need before you support #ImpeachTrump?
How will tax reform effect launderers of Russian money? Asking for a POTUS. #ImpeachTrump
Only thing we must swiftly do is remove this pootus. #ImpeachTrump or #25thAmendment Do your job Congress!
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Tax cuts for the rich do not grow the economy by even 1/10%. That's just a big lie perpetuated on the American people.
I'm sure your Nazi friends are excited about this.
Thank you Obama!
I sooooo misssss him!! @BarackObama
Nope.
Meaning Tax cuts for the rich donors? I think not.
Tax cuts for everyone.
#CensureTrump
If @POTUS expresses views inimical to our values, Congress must speak out. I'm cosponsoring a censure resolution in wake of Charlottesville. 
