your response is appreciated but too late. Your turn in Washington will be over in the #midterms2018 #resist #NoBanNoWall
that is POTUS problem right now. Zero communication with his country and Congress.  people are being kept in the dark.
your response to the #MuslimBan is disappointing and not taking a stance on the issue. I am disappointed as a Nevadan! #NoBan
DO YOU SUPPORT THE ROUND UP, LIKE CATTLE, OF ANY AND ALL ILLEGALS? SPLITTING FAMILIES W/OUT DUE PROCESS?
thank you for taking a stand for what is right.This is why you have has my support in the past. Please vote no on @BetsyDeVos
While it's not as harsh of a critique as I would like, I appreciate you speaking out.
well you actually do have a little bit os spine...just a little
Finding a solution…I hope that is not just words due to 2018…
I oppose the ban on entry to the US of people from majority Muslim nations.  Please vote to rescind this executive order.
I know you know this, so why are you acting like there is no process in place?
There is currently a 22 step vetting process that takes 2 yrs.for that reason we have't had a refugee terriost attack since 1974
#NoBanNoWall
As an Independent who votes regularly, I appreciate you keeping Trump on notice
also, please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. Our children are counting on you!
YOU KEEP RUNNING YOUR MOUTH AND PLAYING BOTH SIDES I WILL NOT SUPPORT YOU.  DOES THE WORD PRIMARIED MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU?
That is a start, but this religious ban is Un-American. no facts on refugees doing US harm- Fear mongering #NoBanNoWall
You've had ample time to come up with solutions but chose to do nothing. This is your reward, you are the party of Trump.
Another Democrat pretending to be a Republican. Noted !!!
Thank for you at least questioning the way this was handled. You and other R Sen need to make a much stronger stand on this
Thank you @SenDeanHeller for speaking out on behalf of Republican values. We'll remember your actions & support you. #Nevada #LasVegas #Reno
trumps doing a great job
@NateNews3LV Trying to straddle the fence won't work, either denounce or ur n agreement. Can't wait 2 help ur opponent. WeU
So what does this mean?  Obviously Trump is not going to partner with anyone except for Bannon.
Why do you have to say to the firing of the Attorney General? This instability and chaos is not good for my blood pressure.
This hurts Nevada. Our residents, employees, and tourists. Are you going to stand up for Nevada and speak out against this?
.@SenDeanHeller The Administration show no signs of "partnering" with Congress.  What are you going to do about Bannon?
please stand up and challenge this order!  I have emailed you the implications of this scare me
Thanks for this. I disagree w/you on nearly everything.  Thank you for standing up.
Words are not enough in this situation.  You were put into Congress to represent your State.  Please do it!
Please help us! I'm a constituent (89052). We need you on the people's side. This response is a (small) start.
Thank you for speaking out but I would like you to take a stronger position against what is happening right now.
Please do not support Trump's cowardly and myopic executive order.  -Nevada Voter
Nope. Missed your moment bud. Time for courage was yesterday when ppl were detained, before stay was issued Judiciary did your job for you.
Ppl were still being detained 2day @ McCarran Intl. Heller needs 2 be faster if he wants 2 keep his seat.
he won't keep it cause he's voting for DeVos
@NateNews3LV How generic! If you don't get more decisive on this, youre gonna lose n 2018. #nevada is a #bluestate @TheNVIndy
Go ahead.  Align yourself with the loony left.  You said terrible things about Trump during the primaries/caucuses NoVote4U
Please find it within yourself to stand up and stop this constant chaos arising from forgetting what the majority wants.
I'm a constituent. Why are you holding back? Get into the mainstream pushback on these dangerous policies. #Midterm2018
Appreciate the comments and please distance yourself from these reckless policies and people. Everyone should be welcomed to the Chili feed!
NV & USA need u to b bolder. Proactively Oppose fear based policies enacted w/o facts
, Well, you put your tootsie in the water, thank you for that, but lots more needed. POTUS incompetence endangers us all.
But thank you for standing against, no matter how tentatively, the unlawful ban of Muslims
45 Americans have been killed by "terrorists" since 9/11 in the U.S. 11,000 were killed by gun violence. Priorities, sir!
It takes support and leadership in Congress to do so. Gotta have as much desire as our President.
Please continue to be one of the few GOP senators with some backbone. Oppose stupid EOs, stick to the Constitution.
I encourage you to work to support the President.  I am disgusted with your nevertrump digs.  No future vote from me for you.
You need to ACT!  Vacant statements like "encourage the administration" are worthless.  Show some moral courage and stand up.
your statement is encouraging.  Now you need to take action.
What steps are you specifically taking to fight this Unconstitutional ban? Words are "fluff." What are you DOING?
What does this mean? NOTHING. Take a stand!
Thank you!!!!  The Ban is not right!
I encourage Congress to overturn the illegal, unconstitutional #MuslimBan
take a stand and do what's right. Be clear & Oppose the ban.
I am a constituent sir if you allow those horrible cabinet appointment to go through EDU and EPA it would be disastrous
I'm disappointed you're not coming out stronger against this ban.
Sen. Heller, you and the rest of the "never Trump" people need to read this and use your brains. http://dailysignal.com/2017/01/28/trump-refugee-order-balances-security-and-compassion/?utm_source=TDS_Email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=MorningBell&mkt_tok=eyJpIjoiTkRrMVpHRXdaRGd5TlRBMCIsInQiOiJiK3JVemVTZno5WWhTUHBNV3JxUEpOOWRVeUJFVVwvT1o3NDBwU0ZWWmpWTzk5dHo5Z29Kck55WGNVSjFCSmxCeTlIWTQwXC9qOEVsSkUxdk9PVEpNOFh5VFFRTVU2RGlaekFkU1JONjVcLzJ4R2hJdjZWdGYraDRiQnlKNk1rbU41byJ9 …
The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952 (The McCarran-Walter Act)
Read it. Muslims were banned in1952!  It is the law!
Why so weak, Senator? are you AFRAID of something? Has CAIR,  threatened to stop donating to your reelection fund?
You will be strongly opposed when you are up for re election. We will not forget your insipid weakness. No guts, none at all.
LOL, partner with a bunch of scared politicians who care nothing about us, only getting ther sorry butts re elected. Fed up!!
Sen. Dean Heller says he'll run for re-election to the Senate in 2018.
-Re Obama's ban on six Muslim Countries in 2015...where was your complaining then? Did you not KNOW this? So UNUNFORMED,  sad
-In 2015 OBAMA signed into law legislation naming SIX Muslim Nations from which immigration would be STOPPED temporarily.
"encourage" is not enough, denounce #muslimBan. Separate power. Bannon is an indefensible pariah. #shameful #weak 89044
Wise statement. Need more elected officials like u to stand and speak up. Wrong for Potus to ignore U.
please work to right this terrible injustice that #kingbannon has put in place #nowallnoban
Thank you for standing up. From 89509.
I encourage you to do your damn job! Stop being a trump brown-noser right-wing extremist!
remove bannon. Listen to the people.
Please figure out what to do. Muslim ban not ok. Dulles situation bad POTUS bull in china shop. Work with Dems. No DeVos.
I encourage you to make a public statement against this band there are NV residents that will be detained
everyone wants to be safe. Walls and bans and isolationism is not the way
you're a US Senator, a legislative body with a history of independence, and CO-EQUAL branch of the government. Act like it.
too little too late @SenDeanHeller. See you at midterms 2018. #takeoutthetrash
Thank you @SenDeanHeller for speaking out against this ban
talk is cheap. Would you vote to impeach the orange-american?
NOT good enough!
Way too late for this voter!
You will be gone in 23 months
unless you get on the side of America NOW!
I am registered in 89523
That was pretty tepid Dean. Wish you would have actually defended refugees and immigrants instead of arguing semantics
@BirdG81 I encourage Congress to find an impeachment solution. Like yesterday...if there are any patriots in Congress at all!
It will take about three months.  Remember this isn't a Muslim ban... it's vetting for possible terrorist ties.
Thank you for speaking out. Please vote accordingly and uphold our Constitution and founding values.
.@SenDeanHeller thank you for finally speaking out. Now stand up. #WeAreWatching #NoBanNoWall
Timeto act, not deliberate. When Pres doesnt abide by oath, Congress must act.
You failed to vet your own pres nom. Now look. Vet his cabinet or lose your job #midterms2018
let them know NEVADA will not accept a #MuslimBan !!
Country over Party. Continue to stand up for our values.
The administration is not going to work with Congress. What are you going to do about Bannon?
Show your President you mean business and withhold your votes for confirmation. Actions speak louder than words!!
There's the problem. He doesn't want partners. WHEN WILL YOU UNDERSTAND?
Take a stand Senator Heller, speak out against the insanity of the Trump Admin. it's your country too!
I encourage Congress to find a solution in #impeachment
doesn't it make better sense to upgrade/overhaul the system then have a ban or build a wall?
the immigration laws and system are archaic. It's a quagmire.  We have the technology to change, it's time we use it.
Too little, too late. Your duty as a US Senator is to check power not simple condeem it after the fact. Please vote against B. Devos.
It is pretty clear what it is:a BAN. We, the NV voters, know exactly what side of the fence you're on. We'll remember in 2018
What is going on is absurd.  You, @GOP, need to start speaking out against this man / actions or find a new job, fast.
Thanks for a response, Senator. Left, right, center - no way a logical and rational human can be supporting @realDonaldTrump.
.@SenDeanHeller you have to understand. There is reason enough to believe he doesn't have the interest of the nation at heart....
.@SenDeanHeller this beyond party, our philosophical differences, our beliefs. The nation is in danger. You have to step up.
.@SenDeanHeller we are facing a constitutional crisis. A disregard of what America really is. Put a stop to this.
This isn't good enough, Senator. Stop trying to sit on the fence.
the systems seem to be working already, how and why should they change them specifically?
Stand up to @realDonaldTrump bc he's implementing a racist unconstitutional ban via exec ord. He's unstable. Distance urself
this is clearly a religious ban. Stop trying to pretend it's anything else. Didn't Trump promise a ban during his campaign?
Trump's Friday executive order was crafted w/o consulting legal aides, enacted over the objection of homeland sec officials,
Impeach that orange piece of trash. Him and his racist administration are putting our country in danger!!
.@SenDeanHeller wow, took almost 2 days to publish this milquetoast statement on #MuslimBan. Can't wait to work in NV to defeat you in 2018.
.@SenDeanHeller  Senate needs to reclaim its separate power, and put an end to these unconstitutional executive orders.  Be proactive, Dean!
Well it's aboutfucking time yousaud something and this isn't bad. Follow through with action.
.@SenDeanHeller and PRONTO!
You've lost me at hello
I wish Congress would work with and not against President Trump.
A sad, weak and tepid response. That was the best you could do? 

Here's to your pending unemployment in 2018. #muslimban
you're done in Nevada. Demographic has changed and neither democrat nor republicans want weak leadership. Thanks for nothing.
I think you need to act more & talk less ! Stand up to him! He is wrong! Speak up for Nevada! 89084 resident for 36 years.
So what are you going to do about it? Take a stand for the ideals this country was founded on.
you lost my respect long ago but if you don't make it clear to your GOP colleagues we will make our voices clear in Nevada
better late than never. Now do something.
Thank you, Senator.

Congress should look at this chart. Note that the "no" countries are the ones where Trump has business ties.... #NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan
you're trying to have it both ways. Do you or do you not support the EO?
I encourage you to take a harder line with the administration. Hold up the cabinet nominations. Separation of powers, use it.
that's a shitty response, you can do better. Try again. Stand up! Grow a spine!
uh hi, a constituent here. this is a long way of saying nothing. are you going to take action to oppose the EO?
I appreciate you FINALLY speaking out, we need strong leadership now.  Step forward. Hold POTUS accountable.  We are watching
Holy weak ass statement. Baby steps in the right direction, I guess. We're still planning to primary you.
that's funny Congress has done NOTHING to secure our borders or stop TERRORISTS from entering! I support @POTUS ! #muslimban
So far you all are rubber-stamping everything he wants, so why ask NOW to "partner?" Separation of powers. Use it.
Exactly.
Senator, it's not the appearance of a religious ban. The intent was to ban Muslims specifically: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/01/29/trump-asked-for-a-muslim-ban-giuliani-says-and-ordered-a-commission-to-do-it-legally/ …
You don't need the administration. You are a separate body, co-equal. Do your job. Fix this.
that's a nice way to say to Trump he fucked up and needs to take appropriate partners next time
In what way is the current vetting system insufficient?
Tashfeen Malik, for one epic vetting fail example. Shot 14 people dead in SBdo. Wake up.
Sir, this is not as far as I'd like you to go but I support your speaking out. Wise move, I will call & thank you. 89121 here
don't trust it... he is trying to save himself in the #midterms2018
Look, I'm not going to speculate on the nature of his soul. If he does right by the constitution, that's fine.
Sooooooo are you AGAINST THE #MUSLIMBAN? Please clarify, Sir.
Stand tall!  We are watching.  It is time to be a MAN!
I agree Mr. Senator. Help support H.R. 82 as a reasonable start. Please reply.
but what are you actually going to DO?
Hold up all the nominations until Bannon is out.
And Stephen Miller.
