good luck
When will sweaters be revealed?
@NHL cant believe the nhl originated in canada yet there are only 7 canadian teams and now 24 american #MoreCanadianTeams !
maybe when Canadian teams get good again then they will
Hard to say "good again" when there are only 7
Congrats. Can't wait to watch a live NHL game in Vegas!
hope he treats his players better than he treat his employees!!!
Did you guys happen to poll fans on a name? I feel confident we could have helped you come up with something better.
You will always be the Coke Monsters to me...
@NHLtoSeattle Congrats hope KC joins someday too
Season ticket holder here let's go guys.start teasing us with some jersey concepts Can't tell us you don't have a strong idea
@NickWCuming sounds too similar to the London Knights. :(
Thank you for bringing hockey to Vegas.
congrats guys hopefully Seattle will be joining you soon #sonicsarena
@Kayluvsredwings expansion franchise should have gone to a proper hockey market like Quebec
I think Quebec should get a team but I don't have a problem growing the game here
Seattle would have been a better market. Already got one ailing franchise in the desert
...

black knights... wait ....you weren't a sharks fan?  I drove by that arena as it was being built when I was class of 93
@kfj_jagr 
The Las Vegas Rattlesnakes would have been a better name.
@JimLordon Awesomeness, I'm super pumped for the draft and hope to have my # 2 NHL team to cheer for. #1Go @SanJoseSharks go!
@Buccigross @HugDaveHug
I am not sure if the Clarkson Golden Knights hockey team will be happy with that name.
just now and already time for a name change! #yourefired to whoever decided that stupid name.
How much are you paying Saint Rose for the trademark name?
hate the name. Ugh
thanks for the 4pts
congratulations!
@espnlasvegas Congrats!
I can't wait to watch the @NHLBlackhawks play in Vegas one day!
As a native of Las Vegas, I've been waiting for this day my entire life.
Still undefeated.
Someone who puts his money where his mouth is!
The greatest respect for you Mr.Foley.
Thank you. All of Nevada thanks you
Oh, ferfuxake!
Now you can change the name to Las Vegas Golden Knights.
@BryanHarper45 proud season ticket holder right here
@LindsayBHockey Looks like I'm switching my team...Sorry
welcome to the NHL!  Looking forward to the @ArizonaCoyotes road trips!
Now let's see what those sweaters are gonna look like.
congrats!!!!
Congrats it's about time to have a well deserved franchise!!
Welcome!
Being born and raised in Vegas, I would've never guessed that it's first major professional team would come from the NHL.
@TBuschow
as a 4th generation Las Vegan, I'm so excited for our city!
@SenDeanHeller at least the @GoldenKnights are in Nevada and won't run away to Texas like you did dean. #votehellerout2018 
Congratulations.  Now, please change the name to LAS Vegas Scorpions.
you should bet everything you have on it then.
Congrats!
@NHL If you take Jarnkrok I will hate your guts forever lol.
just take players from Minnesota and Washington
câlice de tab où est les nordiques 
good luck if you go against the boys from Pittsburgh cause you guys are gonna need it
Awesome.
@benjaminhk01 Announce Bryzgalov
@NHL wait first game of the season " Too battle, my good sir LA kings are thy throne holder, Pacific we look to claim" #NHL
@NHL what is a golden knight
Congratulations! Army's copyright chest-pounding is the awful. Sorry. Be ready as @NHL is for you! Won't miss 1st #CBJ game!
Now you officially need to sign Bryzgalov for next year.
@NHL so it's now officially the worst name in the league. Congrats! #wegetit #youwenttowestpoint #fiftyyearsago
The Clarkson University has had that name for decades.
or Seattle
@NHL Let go of loyal employees who work their assess off and then go buy a hockey team. Good work.
let's get the jerseys out on the market
good now take Andrew Macdonald  on your expansion draft
@NHL welcome to the league! I will make the trip to a game someday!
*ECHL
I need to do a crash course in hockey, this is my first ever team. I live in Northern California, but never was a sharks fan.
but I lived in Las Vegas for years, and I couldn't be happier about the city having a major league sports franchise!
@FOX13News Fan
base?
cool. how about a jersey ffs?
congrats just don't win a cup before the Devils do k thanks 
@shadyaftermath3

*Las Vegas Golden Knights.
can't wait for y'all to start playing catch me at TMobile later this year
Welcome! Looking forward to making those road trips with the Kings!
Whooo!!!!!!
Always been a Knights fan, I was a fan before they were even a team
@Bogglingurmind congrats
it's been a long wait, but we finally made it!!
it's great being a hawks fan who doesn't love to see an expansion draft
go away
