we know how to protect Public Ed. #VoteNoDevos.  I'm more concerned about your vote tomorrow that goes against NEvadans
.@SenDeanHeller has time to worry about sage-grouse but not empty his voicemail.
Funny you Liberals keep filling it and making it unusable with your Anarchy tactics
we want you to #DumpDevos or lose your job
how about voting against Devos first.
@patticar @SenDeanHeller
, for the love of American children, vote NO on the ridiculously unqualified Betsy DeVos!! #swingstate #2018
protect our environment too. Say NO to Pruitt for EPA and Purdue for Dept Agriculture. Your vote for EDU Betsy was troubling
Yes, we all love the grouse. Protect the grouse at all cost. First vote #noDevos ! This is almost as important! Stand up!
#VOTE #NO #ON #BETSY #DEVOS  #HENDERSON #NEVADA #USA #DESERVES #BETTER
I believe you should be voted out in 2018. For not having a spine to stand up for what's right.

Interesting that Murkowski and Collins phones are not ringing.
Dear @SenDeanHeller You could help children across #NV by voting NO on Betsy DeVos. Please consider doing this for our state.
This is a waste of time and money! IMO
since education in nv is headed down the toilet thanks to corrupt pols like you, the economy is doomed
interesting, but tonite I respectfullyask that you turn your attention to the DeVos vote. Please do the RIGHT THING. Vote NO.
I believe the sage-grouse population should be protected from betsy devos. #NotoDeVos #StopDeVos Can you hear us yet?
Liberalism is a joke ! Your a perfect example of why we need DeVos ! Democrats can't even teach
please vote no on DeVos. Your constituents and the right side of history will thank you.
I believe you should oppose #BetsyDeVos  because #NV special education students deserve some who understands policy. #IDEA

Whose up for repealing and replacing all the senators that vote for @RepTomPrice? All them go. Let them know #repealandreplacesenators
, for the love of American children, vote NO on the ridiculously unqualified Betsy DeVos!! #swingstate #2018
I believe #NV should have a senator that will vote against @BetsyDeVos. #DumpDevos tomorrow please senator!
. @SenDeanHeller picking up the baton from Utah? How did that work out?  Leave the environment alone.
so u care more about sage-grouse then education?
No on DeVos!!!!!
environment before greed
@TravelNevada DeVos is anti-Constitutional Theocrat wanting every American child 2 bow down 2 her narrow religious opinions.
Your Facebook messages are filled with constituents urging "No" on DeVos, and you're just going to ignore them?
VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!! You are voting yourself out of office fast, sir. Do what your constituents want, don't just do you!
Well Done Sir !
I believe in public education- stay on message - she is unfit to lead #nodevos  reject the Devos Foundation $$$$
whole country wants #StopDeVos don't underestimate out of state support for an opp. in UR upcoming election do what's right
Protesters outside your reno office. Who do you work for? you are the midterm election republican and UR playing with fire
We are Nevada resident. You are a senator from Nevada. We are telling you to vote NO on DeVos #VoteNoDevos do the right thing
No vote on DeVos.  Listen to the people of Nevada. We will remember how you vote.
listen to the people. Vote No on DeVos
VOTE NO ON DEVOS. Why are you supporting the most corrupt and conflicted choice possible? The lawsuits begin in 3..2..1..
please vote no on DeVos. She has no experience with public schools.
Stand with public education. Stand with teachers and students. Vote no on Betsy DeVos.
you're a moderate. The senate needs moderates. Don't be weak. You will end your career. #StopDeVos https://lasvegassun.com/news/2017/feb/02/pressure-mounts-on-vulnerable-gop-sen-dean-heller/ …
you have the choice to jump Trump's boat and instead represent your constituents who disapprove of him. We are watching you.
it's 1 vote.The whole country is in an uproar.It won't be earth shattering to support the people.Do what is right. #noDevos
according to NV newspapers you are considered very at risk. You work for NV residents not the GOP. Why put yourself at risk
were you able to go to florida and raise some money this weekend? If so that is super cool. Your constituents think different
- STOP changing the topic!!  Nevadans from your state don't want DeVos!  You are up for reelection in 2018! NV was being HC!
I believe that Senators shouldn't shut off their phones to avoid their constituents #VoteNoDevos
Vote No on DeVos /  We deserve better!
I will be campaigning for your opponent in 2018. Our public schools deserve better. DeVos is a joke.
Do you also believe in public education for all? You can support by voting no on #DeVos.
We are surrounded by Desert. If Grouse cannot survive in the 1000s of acres of untouched land then there is nothing we can do
Vote NO on DeVos. Our children and our future need a strong advocate for public education
I believe education is more important than the sage-grouse population. #VoteNoDevos
I believe you should empty your damn voicemail while lamenting the sage-grouse population. #multitask
I believe our representatives should actually represent us as their constituents.
I believe our country deserves better than DeVos.
Please stop Devos please Education b4 politics
sadly I think you just want to sell off our lands to developers
Bigger garbage to worry about at the moment, @SenDeanHeller.  How much money did #DumpDevos donate 2 u?  What part of $8.3 Mil did u get?
Betsy Devos?? Thought you had more sense. I suppose money talks. We are definitely going to make sure you are not reelected.
I believe you should focus on like important stuff
did @BetsyDeVos buy you off too?  Nevada's students and teachers would like to know.
vote no on Devos.
Please vote no on DeVos tomorrow. Your constituents have spoken. Its your job to listen.
That's nice. Can you also focus on improving our education system in NV by voting NO to Devos? Answer your phone and hear us!
.@SenDeanHeller ur in rgj..no1 can get thru. NO BETSY DE VOS. Yes sage grouse. 10-4 cowboy?
be the guy who breaks the tie. Please vote no on the confirmation of Betsy DeVos. She is not qualified so please consider it
Try protecting public education. Vote no on DeVos. Listen to the people.
Nevada should protect its schools from Betsy DeVos. She doesn't have experience and doesn't like public schools #NOBetsyDeVos
I'd rather you protect the environment we all have to live in than protect developers' ability to make more $ thanks.
What the hell is wrong with you. Children are the concern right now. #DumpDevos
Vote No on DeVos! She's unqualified. Do the right thing for the students of NV!
Nevadans are asking you to properly represent us with a no vote on DeVos and take issue with open white supremacy #StopDeVos
Even the chin says vote no on Devos.
vote no on de Vos. Impeach Trump
you have some skin in this game too. Just who are you representing anyway. Clean out your mailbox
I believe #NV deserves a better senator than you. A man with a ears and a conscience. #NotoDeVos #StopDeVos
I believe you are ignoring your constituents and the country. I believe you will lose your senate seat in 2018 #NotoDeVos
I'm not interested I the sage-grouse.  I'm interested in defeating DeVos.  I'm a parent & my child's education matters!
I believe #NV should choose to improve its education system with the guidance of a qualified Sec of Ed, please #VoteNoDeVos
are you saying NO to Devos? Or are you taking her hush money and letting her ruin our schools?
Lyon county resident I agree
I believe you should #VoteNoDevos to improve our education system by removing money while protecting students. #devos #listen
Vote no on DeVos. If you vote for her that is a tacit admission you care little for NV ED, which is already at the bottom.
This is such a cop out. Our countries resources should be protected - not sold off the highest bidder #ShameOnYou #Resist
why r you and other republicans not listening to the people in your states. I have lost complete trust in my party
This kind of idiocy is why you will not be reelected; talking about sage grouse while ignoring your constituents #NoonDeVos
yes of course the sage grouse much more important than education 
stop tweeting about the SageGrouse and listen to your constituents, NO on DEVOS. Or you can start working on your resume
i'm betting the Devos family has a big check for your reelection. Shameful!
you are not speaking for us who lives in Nevada. I will be volunteering come election 2018 against you!
I read this and thought someone had taken over the account to be humorous.  Sadly no.
Shame!!! Cory Gardner & Dean Heller are Trump MVPs so far. Voted with him 100% of the time despite being from Clinton states.
enjoy what time you have left #midterm2018
your voters should choose if you are fit to be their Senator or not. #noDevos #2018election
I believe our children deserve a proper education with every opportunity we can give them. Vote no on DeVos.
So your plan to protect the sage-grouse population is to make it optional for states to protect the sage-grouse population?
Dean, you're back! Thanks for grousing about the sage grouse, v.important! I've begun working on your resume photo- u like?
protect public lands. Public lands and National Parks are the way of the west and the way of America.
Start putting  the good of Nevadans ahead of the Republican party. Your actions will be responded to at the ballot box.
Um, yeah.  About that.  Sounds like lip service.  We know that you always favor money over the environment. 

how much money did you get for your vote on Devos? Devos Foundation is paying for ur vote- thousands calling to say NO
hey why don't you get rid of the WHITE SUPREMACIST in the WHITE HOUSE then worry about the birds. PLEASE.
Vote NO on Devos Dean. Nevadans are calling because of this. Reno: 775-686-5770, Vegas 702-388-6605, DC 202-224-3121
Start spreading some of your DeVos $$$ around and you could do a lot to help economic stability.
Guess what's more important than sage grouse? LISTENING to your people and having the courage to vote No on Betsy DeVos.
you are not for Nevada.
Trump bank deregulation is "to help his friends." What about helping and protecting the average American?
If economic stability is so important, reject Trump's effort to roll back bank regulations.
And I believe we should improve our school system. NO ON DEVOS
have been trying to call.pleaseYou must listen to your constituents. Put party aside. Choose a qualified Sec of Ed!!!!!!
sure. Listen sir Devos could permanently annihilate an already damaged education system & public Ed, higher ed. No on Devos!
but,  really,  you're interested in more jobs at the expense of the environment. Anything the #Donor$ want,  huh?
Ignore the argument over state's rights for a minute and listen and respond to your voters about a more pressing issue.
You mean jail more people?
The Trump sons would kill every one of the sage-grouses if given the opportunity.
