Come talk to us about local issues and how you can help. We are watching your shitgibbon malarkeying #Russia #2018 #Sessions
Now what? Lying under oath? #FireSessions
typical Heller hand picking his constituents to talk with.
.@SenDeanHeller Man up and face down Russian influence.  You represent Nevada, not the New York mafia.
you should stop posting pics until you can include some diversity in the individuals you choose to listen to.
#Sessions blind spot - When he met Russia's top spymaster at the RNC he **headed Trump foreign team**. #SessionsLied #resist
When is the in-person Town Hall meeting in Reno? Not a hard question to answer
We are not going to stop asking when are you holding TOWN HALL in Las Vegas, your cowering lion is showing 
face 2 Face town hall in Vegas. You work for us. #2018
When is that in person town hall going to happen? Prove you represent us ! You can't hide forever and we are not going away!
it's amazing how you're able to find time for every group and cause EXCEPT a townhall with your constituents.
Dr. Carson has said himself that he is not qualified to lead the Department of Housing and Urban Development @SenCortezMasto
but I bet you vote yes for him
There's some folks I'm Clark who would appreciate a sit down too. How 'bout it?
try meeting with your constituents in Las Vegas #townhall #WheresHeller
still no comment or statement on #FireSessions lying to the senate? Do you support him? Are you going to ask that he resign?
The audacity of your tweets is astonishing. You take a pic w/4 guys & pretend like this means you're out talking w/the ppl.
Undertakers? Or is that how they all dress in Story County?
lol 
When are you going to make time for #ClarkCounty...not that the majority of #NV voters live here or anything #Midterms
his education pick, probably didn't lie, too dumb, but proved she was dumb, and gave $$$$ to you and all your cronies 4 vote
Far less momentous, but a reminder: Trump's environmental chief also gave a false answer to Congress, his in writing.
2015 census says NV residents are only 50.4% white, yet 100% of "folks" you meet with are white. Usually old, white men.
#gopsilence and #inaction by senator heller speak volumes about your priorities. If you can't speak on#sessions today . . .
not Govmt job to be in Health insurance & ppl shd not b forced to buy.
You might want to consider including women when you sit down with folks if you're truly interested in hearing all the issues.
In addition to all mediocrities he voted to confirm "don't boo" voted for Sessions&Ross,chair of Cyprus money laundering bank
do you ever meet with #nonwhite people?
AG Sessions LIED under oath. Afraid to tell Americans the TRUTH on Russians, Trump's taxes, and health care plans. Illegit!
Good ole boys club. Business as usual
Why are all those "folks" white males? Take Cortez-Masto's lead.
you know a lot of white men. Good for you.
https://t.co/LqkzPaKPOw?ssr=true. Here is what hypocritical people sound like dean
would be great if you'd meet with residents of washoe county.  We keep asking.  You keep dodging
will you be asking sessions to resign?  Or are you still supporting him after being lied to? 
here's another one of those slimy people you voted for dean. #votehellerout2018
who are those men? no women in Storey County?
So how will you help?
speechless.  Get the Heller out of #NV #2018 #TownHall
No Gorsuch #MerrickGarland for US Supreme Court.
They don't look too folksy. Suits are not worn by hourly workers. How about sitting with your constituents who have ideas?
Town Hall! Town Hall, Town Hall in Vegas! We are the people you work for.  Oh...and save ACA
can't wait to vote you out. Can it be 2018 already?
Town. Hall. Reno.
RUSSIA
we anxiously await your town hall in Clark county
I  my white husband and thank you for representing Lyon County 
too bad Lyon county can't win his seat. #byefelicia
where are you in Las Vegas we have local issues to talk about. Coward!
You're welcome in Lyon County you represent us US thank you 
Bravo, Senator.  True courage to face the anger of your constituents for betraying their interests. Oh wait, those are donors
get some more brothels built! #GiveStoreyAnSTDagain
Come home to Clark County and meet us or we will meet you at ballot box.
oh he can come here but I'll still be #votehellerout
do you not get it dean, you need to meet with your constituents, here in Nevada. We all work, and can't get back to D.C. like
your special interest groups. Your chance was last week when you ran to Texas, now it looks like you need to fly home on your
days off, weekends and take the time to meet with us. Don't pass it on to your office staff, ITS YOUR JOB, not theirs 2018
You should've been way smarter about this picture. Represents almost nothing of NV and ur constituents.
"folks" meaning business reps / donors? THEY ARENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS
yet you refuse to come Clark County. So enjoy your remaining time in office because you are gone in 2018 #deaddeanwalking
Town hall.
you've met with an awful lot of white men today Senator.  No time for women, people of color, or constituents. #VoteHellerOut
Love it bro.  All middle aged white men!  Making American Great Again!
Then have town halls, not private meetings with white men. 2018 is sooner than you think.
#TrumpTaxes
still no town halls though? This is cowardly. Face your constituents. Have you forgotten that #YouWorkForUs ? 2018 coming
Four white men. Wow. Reelection looks less likely every single day. @voteoutheller
Waiting on my cease and desist letter. Asking ppl who work for you to do their job is GOP harrassment now.
what about people in reno?
