DEAN HELLER doing a GREAT JOB
America needs to protect its lands and water from dirty and destruction exploitation of carbon fuels.
Please explain why you voted no this time around????
Here you go Nevada prem increases for skinny bill.  Dean says House won't pass & his word is good, right?
NEW: Premium rate shock by state under "skinny" repeal. 
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/26/436740/senates-skinny-aca-repeal-shell-game/ … 
Your fellow Senator Murkowski is under attack for standing up to POTUS.  Do you have her back? Oh, never mind you've been bought.
Any comments about the draft dodger - in - chief's bigoted policy?
We will vote for your primary challenger in 2018. If none then we vote for the Dem, sir
Vote no on skinny repeal. 15 million, many from Nevada will be kicked off insurance & premiums will rise 20% which will hurt Nevada economy
The “Skinny Bill” will push insurance markets into a death spiral. Premiums will skyrocket. Senator, be responsible. Say NO to this insanity
The American people can't trust Heller to keep his promises. Replace the back stabbing seven.
Your staff is extra rude & unhelpful today. Tell Ryan & Jack to walk it off. They don't like taking angry calls? They should work elsewhere.
You know why they're so mad don't yo. Because people keep calling in saying he's threw. Replace the back stabbing seven.
Nothing distracts from FATAL career vote to end insurance for 32m people
If you want to be a Democrat, just stand up a change party. It would be better have know this in Nov 2016.
You supported Obamacare Care Senator. Fed has no business being in health ins business. Regulate health care providers plz, not insureds!
Everyone support Jacky Rosen (@RosenforNevada) as she runs against Dean Heller next year!
Will be supporting @JesseSbaih as his platform is far more progressive and Rosen does not do in person town halls.
Found the Jill Stein voter in Pennsylvania. Thanks for your elementary political litmus test
Healthcare reform NOT repeal, do you job and protect healthcare coverage, Medicare and Medicaid 
Senator you must stand up against Trump's bigotry against trans people in the military ban. This is pure discrimination. It's your duty

Vote no on skinny repeal. It will destabilize insurance markets! #HellerVoteNo
Do not fucking vote for this bill do not do it for political reason you know this is bs. You be killing millions on this bill

How about YOUR support for our #President in repealing #Obamacare Senator Supporting a party or supporting the American people #NV
Any deals you make won't survive conference.  If you vote yes, you are voting for full repeal and no deals once conference gets done with it
I want to know how you expect me to pay 1200 bucks for crap insurance
CBO says skinny bill drops insurance for 15 million. But does it eliminate their medical issues?  Without insurance they will cost us more.
#Heller
I'm going to be pleased to hear Dean Heller fired by the people, sent walking down the road. Replace the back stabbing seven.
Please don't be intimidated into voting yes on skinny repeal, it's still incredibly harmful

Starving so you can afford your medicine is the @GOP version of #SkinnyRepeal. Don't fall for it.  Call to hold them accountable. 
Please help rich white men only !!
Dean Heller voted to kill wild mustangs.  He votes to kill Nevada citizens & Americas ultimate symbol or freedom & liberty.

A vote written over lunch to take away health care from millions?!?!
FRAUD
Vote NO on GOP health care bills!
I see you got 50K Big Insurance, and shot down clean repeal. We won't forget.Expect us.
Nevada needs to get rid of this cowardly lying hypocrite. Sold you a bill of goods on Obama care just to get elected.
Since your office phones are all busy, I'm writing here to ask you to avoid that #SkinnyRepeal which promises to disrupt the insurance mkt

Don't let the cute name fool you. "Skinny repeal" will cause a death spiral for ACA, 16 million more uninsured by next year.
#SaveACA https://twitter.com/jhamelresists/status/890594490284736514 …
Just think, if all the people spewing hate, would actually put that effort into doing something postitve... Picket the drug co, the ins co
Know what you are voting on.  Vote yes and a country could lose the only health plan we ever had.
Are you laughing here because you got something good for selling out Nevada?
Is this you??
Update: lots unfolding. McConnell is getting VERY close to 50. Getting around the rules and buying off Sens every way he can. Here goes. 1/ https://twitter.com/chadderr/status/890538278960734208 …

2. If bill DOES get to conference, it will be merged w House bill making DEEP cuts to Medicaid, which your Sen prob *said* they opposed. 11/
Tarkanian for senate 2018 #traitor #repeal
Vote him out he is a Democrat and Republican's clothing
Please don't take HC away from millions of vulnerable Americans.
Listen to our Governor and the citizens of Nevada. Don't be a lackey to 37% Trump and batshit crazy Steve Wynn. No matter what he promised u
Vote NO on the skinny repeal bill. You work for and represent the citizens of Nevada, not the POTUS. Steve Wynn cares only about tax breaks.

We think this speaks for itself. We & 27 other orgs came together to ask Senate to vote NO on the health bill #KeepUsCovered 
@SenDeanHeller - please see below. Please fix the leg, don't shoot. 
https://twitter.com/TinaPirlot/status/890578531759140866 …
Let's hear some ideas from you on how to fix healthcare. Who cares about the rest.
Thank u Sen Heller on behalf of my disabled sister.
Thank you for saying NO to that terrible bill! You are helping millions of Americans by staying strong and doing what's best! #KillTheBill
WE OVER 10000 MEMBERS OF THE BAR WILL BE VOTING YOU OUT NEXT ELECTION. VOTING FOR A DANGEROUS TRUMPCARE PLAN MAKES YOU IMPOTENT IN CONGRESS
Please Vote NO on repealing or repealing/replacing #ACA  Choose #American citizens instead of #Trump & the wealthy. Our People first #GOP
I wonder where the stats are for people who had insurance no longer does , why pay 10000 for one,only wind up with 50000-100,000 bill
Why should mc and seniors pay 10,000 in premiums to give HEalthcare for illegals family 4-6 for 40 dollars a month . Nice going
What about the HEAlthcare bill , I hope for your sake illegals vote you in , middle class won't .

Bipartisan governors write to @SenateMajLdr & @SenSchumer urging the Senate to reject "skinny" repeal bill.  
Do the right thing. Do not be afraid of empty threats by Donald trump. You work for the people of Nevada not for him.
Why did you change your vote?
Traitor!
#Pennsylvania thanks you #SaveOurHealthcare #SaveACA
Your own Republican governor is against the "Skinny Repeal" bill that you support. Why are u going against your constituents and governor?
POTUS was right, you did not repeal Obamacare. Spineless Republican not doing anything for the people
Will you vote to bankrupt your constituents?
GOP health-care bill millions will be in dire financial straits,

So disappointed that you were one of the Republicans that voted to continue Obamacare.
We love you
Thank you for your No vote. As a now D/I im proud to have you as a Sen that standing up for their people.
Repeal repeal repeal repeal obma care as a native Las Vegas registered voter repeal Obamacare!!!!
Another POS McCain clone in the makings.

Liar...Traitor...POS....Every day till election I will spend time effort unseating you. LIAR
#VoteNo to Skinny Repeal. Your Governor said he opposes Skinny Repeal. You should stick by him like last time, please!
Thank you for your no vote today!!
While some really need Medicaid there are those who are abusing Medicaid. Why not use our tax $ and investigate those abusers. Save $$$
Way to go Dean. How is your health insurance that we working people pay for. How about doing what you said you would do. REPEAL!!!
...you have THIS democrat's vote next election. Your loyalty is to your constituents. You proved you are here for Nevada. Thank you.
As a nurse in NV, my heart is lighter tonight because you stood up for many people's lives. You voted for what's right. Thank you...
Yes. Hope to see you VOTE NO. Hope to see you save the ACA. And REPAIR the ACA. Yes that's what America want's. How's your golf game Sen.?
Thank you for your no vote today
The "Skinny Repeal" is a trojan horse.  If you vote for it, you're voting for a full repeal. http://www.rgj.com/story/news/politics/2017/07/26/heller-says-he-backs-skinny-repeal-obamacare/513593001/?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter …
Thank you Senator Heller for voting no today! 
Are you speaking as a Republican or a Democrat? Lately it is hard to tell.
OH GREAT!  Natural resources.  Screw our healthcare.  Screw our liberty.  You are OUT!  I will support ANYONE who opposes you, R or D!!
You know that you should address your constituents about healthcare. Why do you refuse to do so?
NOT pleased to see that you are another gutless, Obama Care-loving hack!
You sir are a fraud and a traitor! I believe you are on the wrong side! You lied to your constituents! Payday will come back to haunt you!
Another member of The Lying Liars Who Lie club. You're going to need a bigger clubhouse.
You are a traitor and liar
Traitor
Say goodbye to your Senate seat
Repeal and Replace Obama care support our president.
Hey, #RINO, you voted for #Obamacare today. Nevada voters: #PrimaryHeller http://www.cbsnews.com/news/senate-health-care-bill-vote-26-july-live-updates/ … #MAGA
Thank you for voting w your conscience.  

Do not be bullied by @realDonaldTrump
You'd better listen to your constituents, cause you will never get dems votes, they love their democrat platform too much.
What's your plan to fix this?



.@SenDeanHeller, have you seen letter from R Governor of NV (+others) opposing #SkinnyRepeal? Will you stand up for Nevadans? #KillTheBill 
From Your governor No on Skinny Repeal Yes to regular order

Dean Heller: "I cannot support a piece of legislation that takes away insurance from tens of millions of Americans." https://twitter.com/jbendery/status/890350561803030530 …
"Skinny appeal" means sixteen million more people without insurance. Have you no conscience?
Watch McConnell force a health care vote, pass it to the House. House will pass its original bill to Trump. Disaster!
We just donated to your opponent! We will make sure you are VOTED OUT for your betrayal of the American people with your vote! #RESIST
Lies and more lies...
RINO!!
Get back on the health care issue and stand against repeal and replace obama care your future depends on that.
How's this "I'm running as a Conservative Independent against the fraud Heller".  "Heller loves Obamacare while you people go broke".
You're not winning reelection and I'll do what I can to assure that, including running multiple Independents to tear your support apart.
Says the spineless, soulless, cowardly Donald Trump cuck.
Won't be enough money to do it because Obamacare is going to break the nation! LYING PUKE!  What kind of dirt do they have on you?
Good work. Now vote NO on the "#SkinnyRepeal" and #Nevada may just let you keep your job yet. We see you, Heller. Can't fool us all.

Bipartisan governors write to @SenateMajLdr & @SenSchumer urging the Senate to reject "skinny" repeal bill.  
It's OK Senator Heller.  Everyone in Nevada knew you would cave.  Please share how much $ your vote went for.

Dems got CBO to estimate impact of GOP “skinny repeal” bill.

One takeaway: Uninsured would go from 26M next…
Repeal Obamacare
The amendment you're offering is NON-BINDING so it is literally useless.
How could you fold under Trump! I was so in your corner! Countless in your state on Medicaid! This isn't a health care bill! A shell game!

Dean Heller: "I cannot support a piece of legislation that takes away insurance from tens of millions of Americans." https://twitter.com/jbendery/status/890350561803030530 …
You really f*cked up Senator.  Really. F*cked. Up.
"Let's put this behind us." Good luck with that, Buddy. Killing Americans  to give $ to billionaires 
You will be defeated for your vote today..
How dare you vote with Obama with socialist healthcare with evil. Kiss political career goodbye
Goodbye!
Does Dean Heller really know how or why to use his Twitter accnt?
@DeanHeller Whatever the newest "skinny" deal- it is Anti-Nevada. Vote No
Your going down in 2018
Ur bigoted prez just made America less safe in the world with his bigoted new policy. Do you want to comment?
Please vote NO on a skinny repeal of the ACA. Opens the door to a bad final deal. Many will lose health coverage. Fix the law in place -ACA.
you ran on repealing obamacare....even voted on it when you knew obama would veto, now you vote to not repeal. this will not be forgotten.
Miss Heller.

At this point McConnell and leadership are just straight-up trying to con their own members.
Hahaha.  You are done.  I hope you make some money on K street.
Please stand up for my family. If you need to alter Obamacare that's 1 thing, but please don't irresponsibly repeal it! #epilepy #autism
The difference between you and Murkowski is that she has courage and convictions.
How much did McConnell offer you to open debate on ending Healthcare security for poor nevadans?
Protect the lands and let the people die is that your strategy?
#DeanHeller trying to seem compassionate by sponsoring amendment to "symbolically" support Medicaid, but only his final vote matters.
Dean Heller you failed at your promise to repeal Obamacare and for that we will fight against you in your re-election. #WeWillNeverForget
Liar. You aren't a Republican

"This is like a car crash. Everyone will slow down...but no one will get out to help” GOP aide says re: health care https://www.axios.com/republicans-remain-unsure-how-their-health-care-effort-ends-2465871820.html …
@SenDeanHeller I'm a Democrat and listened to you today. I feel you kindly stood up for #Medicaid & expansion. Where is your Ammdmt 2 read?
You will be voted out enjoy your last term #MAGA

Secret bill #2 fails. But @SenateGOP still trying to throw millions off health care with another secret bill none of us have seen. Heartless https://twitter.com/thehill/status/890303600844455936 …

It's the weakest of gestures from @SenDeanHeller who could have just showed his constituents he cared about Medicaid by voting no on MTP. 3/
Right now you holding a nation's health care over our heads, so, let's focus. Please vote No.
Primary time
Hoping to see you homeless and jobless by next year
Resign
Bought and paid for.
Please READ AMA statement on Skinny Bill https://www.ama-assn.org/ama-statement-senate-debate-health-system-reform …
Get out of my party!
The day the news says u are voted out.. will be a great day.
Yay! Another dollar for @RosenforNevada 

Keep it up Dean.
Repeal. Nothing honorable about being a bought and paid for liar and fraud. Repeal or resign. Have you no shame?
Brown nose Trump ass kisser! #2018VoteHellerOut
#HellerIsALiar
#HellerHatesNevadans
#HellerLovesLobbiestMoney
#HellerBrownNosesTrump
You voted against repeal? Not voting for your ass in 18
Mr Heller. You protected our land but can't help with healthcare!  Your bad for Nevada.
Heller peoples lives are in your hands
A preview of what's to come, @DeanHeller 
repeal
Why are you letting Adelson bully you?
What about health care????  REPEAL
Remember when u voted to repeal ACA last year, and then voted against it today?   Please do remember, because that's why u lost my 18 vote!
I'm with ya Dr.J
Don't be bullied. Glad to see your No vote on Repeal-Only.
#DeanHeller iced to us
Our new ad reminds Nevada that @SenDeanHeller broke his promise to 328,000 Nevadans who would lose care under the GOP bill. 

@SenDeanHeller: Stand by your constituents, not the casino magnates. Vote NO on repealing the ACA. #ProtectOurCare
I'm a constituent and want it repealed....so now what?
So you WANT to be railroaded out of health insurance? A reoccurring thing for Trump supporters.
You broke your promise to Nevadans. #Shame
you will soon see a democrat in your seat if you don't protect American's health care and fix the ACA. DON'T CALL IT OBAMACARE.
OBAMACARE doesn't exist. It is Affordable Care Act. #FIXITDONTENDIT
You will find yourself out of office if you don't protect the people of America let alone the people of Nevada.
