BREAKING: #GrahamCasiddy  sucks.
Thank you Senator for doing good thing for Nevada.  Long term having federal government in control of healthcare is bad.  Repeal Obamacare
Please dont vote yes @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr
Thought u were for small government and cutting the deficit. Almost forgot. Deficit savings will come from throwing millions off health care
building communities shld encompass all aspects of ppls lives.
homes &healthcare r critical factors.Ur support of #GrahamCassidy is a sham.
...with no healthcare...what's the point...vote #NoRepeal ...Dean stop being a contradiction...stand up to Trump
How do you really care about NV? $ for homeless No $for healthcare???#Democrats
Great. Then they can all get sick because they have no healthcare. No on Graham-Cassidy.
Gonna need more than that as health insurance and treatment costs explode and more Nevadans wind up on the streets thanks to your bill.
you are the most at risk senator and the Rep push you around. Grow a pair & stand up 4 your constituents then become an Indep fuck the GOP
Wise up, Stand up for our President Trump
you vote yes on health bill you never won again NV  your liar and fake like TRUMP why cant be true to NV  you and GOP hate usa and people  k
But will lose millions with #GrahamCassidy !
REALLY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? OPENING A HOME? TRAINING THEM WITH TECHNOLOGICAL SKILLS? OR JUST FEEDING THEM ONES A DAY UNTILL 5 MIL ARE GONE?
SenHeller, your corrupt unethical support of GrahamCassidyBill will take insurance away from homeless ppl,elderly ppl disabled ppl.
Aren't these the same people you are taking medical care from? I'm voting Jacky Rosen.
Breaking: Gov Sandoval doesnt support #GrahamCassidy. R party doesn't GAF about you. Stand up for the people and maybe you'll get reelected
“If u want my support- u gotta make sure Republican governors that have expanded Medicaid sign off on it. I’ve been saying that" Heller Lies
What did that take, you selling out medicaid?
Early forecast reveals 32 M lose HC over 15yrs.  Worse than previous plan.  What's your problem, Dean?
And you are outraged at taxpayer funds going to help victims of our economy, right?
5.5 million, that's amazing! Almost as amazing as your glee during Graham-Cassidy announcement re:taking healthcare from YOUR constituents.
You are #SpinelessHeller thos HUD grant that goes to Henderson wil do nothing when 300,000 NVs are dying because u wanted ur name on a bill
Really Heller, Really? #Shameful!!
Sixteen Patient and Provider Groups Oppose Graham/Cassidy Bill http://www.lung.org/about-us/media/press-releases/sixteen-patient-and-provider-groups-oppose-graham-cassidy-bill.html … 
Now close the borders and stop letting more people into our country that won't work! Only allow in those who can support themselves.
What about taking healthcare away from your constituents? YOU LIED TO OUR FACES!
Multiple times! Amodei is a witness. As we're the hundreds gathered.
He's proving to be a snake. If he takes healthcare away I would hope that the people of NV will have had enough. #FireDirtyDean2018
Come people you have to give the man some credit after the pic with the Nazi. And voting to remove our healthcare. And elections coming up

And with this weeks vote on healthcare, 
we will find out how long @sendeanheller will be our Senator.

Laura has stage 4 cancer-she spoke out against the bill then Trump blocked her–Please retweet her video reply below. 
liar
I hope the homeless in Nevada don't need medical care and I hope @SenDeanHeller enjoys his last term in office.
Hmm, where are our Federalist arguments on this? So no $ for working poor to get healthcare, but yes to get homeless to become working poor?
Can we use some of it to create new and better schools? Schools overcrowded and not enough qualified teachers. Please
For all those asking him to vote no on this #GrahamCassidyBill He co-sponsored this! Literally wants to take HC from NV #VoteHellerOut
That's great. They will have homes but no health insurance. How can you support a bill that takes away insurance from millions?
Taking health care from millions joyfully - disgusting
June 23! You lied and now support a bill that is Anti-Nevada!
Heller lies! Block grants cut Medicaid and pre-existing , he promised to protect vulnerable #liar
Ignore the Dem trolls. They have no understanding of healthcare delivery nor the damage ACA has caused everyone. HUD $ needed for destitute
Wonderful !
Don't sell us out with a horrible health care bill as proposed. Do not vote for this health care bill if you care about nevadans at all
For American Citizens or illegal immigrants? Senator please do not follow Chicago's footsteps.
Why do you and the GOP take such pleasure from screwing over Nevadans by making health care insurance worse? Stop acting like all is OK.
Because they are all evil and corrupt human garbage.
I hope to dramatically increase homelessness and poverty in Vegas and Reno as we bankrupt Nevada businesses paying for #Medicare4All!!!
Vote against #GrahamCassidy, Senator Heller. $639 million in funding cuts to Nevada if it passes.
The military is receiving $700,000,000,000 but we get $5,500,000 for homelessness.  Hmm...where do our priorities lie?  #Warmongers
in 2012-2013 this could have bought a lot of $25,000 1BR condos for the homeless to own free and clear in Las Vegas
Too bad they won't be get health care- thanks to you!!!
are you really supporting the horrible terrible health care bill from L. graham?  You are betraying your constituents.
Wow, so this is the price of blackmail for a vote?
Vote no on healthcare bill please
#NV to throw tens of thousands off health insurance because @sendeanheller is voting for Cassidy-Graham.
Good now vote NO one this new health care crap
You were threatened by Trump & offered millions by McConnell to change your vote before. PLEASE #SaveACA #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #Election2018

Is this in exchange for your bill that will kill Americans? So dead people have a domicile to die in. Nice. How do you live with yourself?
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Was that to buy your vote on #CassidyGraham Bill. You are going down in 2018; this vote seals your fate.
Fight for what is right for America. Oppose #GrahamCassidy. It is irresponsible and dangerous.
Where does the money go? Which counties cities or who's pocket does it go? 
Don't steal this money and share it with Heller cronies.
BREAKING: Heller sells out his constituents!
Lots of us will be homeless when you vote to cancel our healthcare   Except yourself and you're part time you don't deserve it. Come on 2018
how about doing something for the working class that can't afford a home.
Vote for Nevada, vote NO on the new healthcare legislation. Nevada needs Medicare for all. Don't follow party lines, stand with your state.
BREAKING:  Man hellbent on stealing healthcare from poor people thinks $5.5 million joke is enough to distract his constituents.
You know what else would help fight homelessness? Comprehensive mental health and addiction health care.


Your career will be over soon for supporting graham-Cassidy. Don't think it won't be.
Do not support DeathCare, @SenDeanHeller .

We are watching your vote!
Deano created the bill. He literally wants to kill Nevadans.
Bought and paid for by casino moguls. How do you sleep at night?  What would you do if your family faced loss of healthcare?
Did Dr Carson find the missing $500 million the obama crooks pilfered?
But it's going to lose millions of insured and the those costs will trickle down. Under YOUR WATCH. #replaceheller
Oh, is this your payoff for taking health care away from hundreds of thousands of Nevadans? I get it- then they won't NEED housing!
Confused. U r happy abt getting $5.5M but r ok co-sponsoring bill to cut hundreds of mill 4 NV healthcare? Hypocrite
"2 of Cassidy-Graham’s sponsors want to cut millions in health care funding for their own states" https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/9/18/16328604/cassidy-heller-cbpp-cuts …
How to succeed in Gov't: 1) Proof press releases: Henderson, Reno, Sparks not counties;
2) Be Honest: $5.5M not NEW funding; renewal $.
Dear Dean Heller I've called you asking you not to skip your health comity when you deal with ACA. Your bill makes the Senate look lawless
That's great...But, what good will it do for people when they can't afford health care! (that you want to rip away!)


Why aren't you talking about the fact that you're cosponsoring the Graham-Cassidy bill to repeal the ACA? Kiss your senate seat goodbye.
You just got bought to vote yes for healthcare Graham Cassidy.  Despicable

the sweetener for the repeal
No on Graham Cassidy! You all have no hearings, no CBO Score, no process & a Pres with no damn clue.
Some people r over the top crazy. Deathcare? Socialist Healthcare WILL be deathcare. Obama and Sanders care is a snapshot of social medicine
Breaking! We are working our butts off to get you out of office! #VoteHellerOut
Building communities that don't have access to affordable healthcare. Great idea. I'm sure it will help a lot. #GrahamCassidy #Resist
Dean, the Homeless, in general, are not only homeless but mentally disabled regarding authority and structured life. 5.5M for mental care?
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
So you give with hand and brutally kill healthcare with other. Wrong Senator. Just wrong. Help your constituents, don't harm them.
Amazing! 
What about thier Healthcare you are taking away. VOTE NO HEALTHCARE
what is your opinion of General Flynn?

Check Trump's little hand. He IS a pussygrabber. He's got Dirty Dean in his pussygrabber hand.
Cool
And yet you are intent on taking #Nevada healthcare away with this shameful legislation.  Who are you working for Heller?
The HUD money is how they got his vote.
True @SenDeanHeller? Bought off in HUD grants? So you want the rest of #Nevada to be w/out any healthcare in 10 years? Thats corrupt AF dude
sounds like a trump bribe for a yes vote on trumpcare
Gov. Always attaches too many strings. Make sure this does some good...not like Obama's coal/Teky plan! Graft!
That's great...please vote NO ON  DEATHCARE. 89434  Thank You!
I thought government was bad.
You are going to create so more homeless with you cruel plan to take away so many people's health insurance. Heartless to the max
