Hi Dean, registered Independent Nevada voter here...

You're a JOKE in Nevada. First you LIE about Healthcare and now a pic with a NAZI? Yuk
Like Affordable Health Care? THAT'S what Nevadans NEED!
I guess you are checking photos first now before you post them, make sure there's none of your Klan, Nazi or Confederate pals in them?
Nothing counts except your vote to protect or destroy the ACA. Americans live in terror of Trumpcare. Do you have a soul or not?
Why don't you show your face at a town hall open to ALL? #DishonestDeanHeller
How are you going to vote on Graham Cassidy? Will you vote for this terrible bill just to spite the Dems? Will you allow people to die??
How are Nevada vets' needs "unique?" Aren't they the same as those of other veterans?
we beat the Nazis once and we can do it again.  you in Dean?  yeah  didn't think so.
Why? You don't care about the health and welfare of your constituents
We need you to disappear
Why did you pose for a photo with a White supremacist?
That was photoshopped.  Dishonest liberals again!
Bullshit it was photoshopped. There's a whole series. Dean goes where the wind blows.
Here is your other buddy
They need you to denounce Trump. Especially the ones that fought Nazis. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thanks Dean, if you could just separate yourself from you party.  You seem like such a good guy but I don't know one kind republican

Uh oh, smiling @SenDeanHeller (who recently voted to take Medicaid from disabled kids?) hanging w/ Tiki torch Nazi Peter Cvjetanovic@GOP https://twitter.com/afterthot_/status/896504318831935489 …
Personally working for who ever is running against you!  You are dem in rhino clothing.  Start supporting our president and his agenda.
No, no. Being a puppet for the 1 percent is what got you into this jam.
#DishonestDeanHeller you voted to kill healthcare for tens of MILLIONS of souls for MILLIONS of dollars. #WeWillRemember

Uh oh, smiling @SenDeanHeller (who recently voted to take Medicaid from disabled kids?) hanging w/ Tiki torch Nazi Peter Cvjetanovic@GOP https://twitter.com/afterthot_/status/896504318831935489 …
Did you tell them about your personal healthcare plan in congress?
I so don't like you any longer. It's my opinion that you are not a good man.
If you're so concerned about healthcare why did you vote to steal Medicaid away from Nevadans who are down on their luck?
You voted to take away their healthcare. What if they want to start a business? I not be able to get healthcare. #votehellerout
What about that time Peter Cvjetanovic and you had a little get together?
Couldn't u find some racists to take pics with / morally bankrupt complicit
Yah not much else going on.
Did you bring your racist friends #Charlottesville
Yet you co-sponsored a bill that limits and/or cuts $ from NV to subsidize states that opted not to expand Medicare?
Profoundly disturbing: VA Gov McAuliffe said police didn't engage because the armed racists had better weapons than they had. https://twitter.com/ezlusztig/status/896889313845104641 …
I like this picture of you and the Neo-Nazi better. Kiss your seat goodbye in November 2018.
Pay close attention vets.  Trump is moving to privatize the VA.  Watch as the end gov funding for elderly vet care
Proud of this photo too?
Single Payer would render the VA obsolete.
so you still like to showboat and pretend to vets friends while u sit idly by and do nothing about endless war and throw away our victories?
Heller silently endorses hate speech from trump about immigrants, Hispanics , Muslims and women- too spineless to stand up to trump
@DeanHeller do you support drug testing those who receive welfare and SNAP? Including Veterans?
@DeanHeller you have stood by trump when he attacks McCain , Muslims, immigrants- this constant hate speech goes unchecked by GOP
Try rebuking trumps bigoted policy against military personnel- its this shameful policy that you remain silent
We will not forget you VOTED Yes AGAINST your own States people for Health Care Dean Heller. We have memories like ..elephants. Golf anyone?
Your toast ! Bye traitor!
Mr Heller, did you also discuss this photo?  You with a nazi?
HOW ABOUT ADDRESSING THE IDEA OF GETTING RID OF THIS DISASTEROUS PRESIDENT!!! HE IS A DANGER & U KNOW THAT!!! I WILL NOT SUPPORT U IN FUTURE
Where's the DIVERSITY? U lost my vote when u voted for the skinny repeal!
Can't believe the ignorance in the replies here.
Loved how you said you didn't know him.  Awesome CYA.  #racism #petercvjetanovic
Didn't you vote to destroy the Affordable Care Act?
Do u know who this young women is Heller

Nice company you keep Hellershows exactly what your party attracts
Did you meet with more neo-Nazis today too, or is that for a different day?  Asking for a few million friends who are sick of you. #DumpDean
Wish I would have known you were there. I was having a heart check up there this morning.
Hard to get good  press while  doing the bigot straddle. Talking @POTUS not #petercvjetanovic. Make a stand. Start at home. #voter
What bout the millions u voted 2 throw off health insurance? Do they not matter? #Democrats2018
Oh..Mr. Heller...hopefully you are on your way out. You don't back POTUS and should be voted out of office.
It is disgraceful to use sick and injured veterans for a photo op while voting to take away their health care
Hey how about working on middle America being screwed over with ACA.  We r paying through the roof for premiums, and deductibles. Get a grip
a better picture of you with your little Nazi buddy. *on the far right*
Dean Heller Help Please! need visionaries leaders to assist "Informaiton Medicine", a new innovation, NASA in collaberation, changing HC Now
More photo ops. Did you mention how you voted to strip them of their healthcare? #VoteHellerOut
But yet you voted to take away their healthcare. Never again! #VoteHimOut
Considering that you have nearly 63k followers, not many people pay attention to you. #youdontspeakforus
Did you visit the the White Supremacist you were hanging out with before? Fascism has no place in NV
More fake news!  The photo was altered.
But you voted to ruin their healthcare :/
Btw, anyone looking for a candidate that didn't cowardly kowtow to Trump on healthcare, check out @RosenforNevada
Show some respect and stand up for all your constituents, hint they aren't all white, hunters.
Sell out
Unique needs, so you can know what to ignore later.. repeal heller
Your healthcare bill was certainly not the solution to Nevada or veterans. Please Stand tall n do what is right. This president is dangerous
Did you visit a hospital and tell folks they wouldn't be there if it was based on your vote to cut their healthcare?
Honestly, whomever is running this for the senator should lay off for a few days. #FreeProTip
How dare you pretend to care about veterans health when you voted for Trumpcare that would directly harm our veterans
Did you bring your Nazi friend along for another photo op?   @ananavarro @RalstonReports @RealBradGarrett
this one?
I thought you didn't remember your photo ops.
