#ProtectOurCare #AmericaSpeaksOut
#ACA Repeal Will Have Real Impact on Real People 

These are a few of the MILLIONS who will suffer under #AHCA.

…
Please protect us from this President. You're a decent man can you do something about this incessant Tweeting. It's Demeaning to the Office.
I hope you truly understand the traumatic stress that results from the loss of health insurance. We cannot let wealthcare trump healthcare.
Trump said everyone would be covered. That's not true as per the Bill. People need HC to survive. Please VOTE to save American lives.
Millions of Americans are counting on you to vote NO!  Thank you for giving us hope that this vile bill will fail!
You intro.PTSD legislation? Guess what population=disproportionately affected:

At some point you will need to get down to the business of being president. TY @CNNnewsroom for preserving Democracy. Stay safe.
Hope you are able to stay strong re AHCA Senator. 
Interesting 2 see who is in public service 4 the country & who's in it for the bribes
Can you also vote NO on this disaster healthcare bill next week? #hellervoteno #youtooheitkamp
How about repealing Obamacare and giving us meaningful health care choices?
PLEASE VOTE ON ON TRUMPCARE!! PLEASE!! #HellerVoteNo
Please continue to oppose BCRA, Senator. This bill will make life worse for thousands of Nevadans.

Brutal politically, I know but thousands of lives in your state and the country depend on you (and your colleagues)Don't abandon us
We haven't forgotten about healthcare just because it's the 4th of July. People before party, vote no!!!
Ur both causing PTS 4 many. Learn what causes PTS and y repealing ACA does that to many Americans. HC is a right not a privilege.
If the ACA is repealed there will be a huge amount of PTSD. People will die because they cannot afford healthcare for treatable afflictions.
#25thAmendmentNow
I hope that bill passes.My dad was a POW during WWII.After he got home;our Country sent him BACK to serve there (Japan).He had PTSD from it.
#VoteNoAHCA and please don't vote for repeal and replace later. It won't be replaced later. Trump said everyone would be covered? Not true.
Happy to see you recognizing the seriousness of PTSD but isn't June already LGBTQ month? Why not recognize these ppl as well?
We thank you!  Please vote in the intetest of people, not party!

Are you aware of this. How much did you make for your YES vote?
1: ALERT: McConnell just sent a revised bill to CBO. They’re close to a deal. This is CODE RED.
https://www.axios.com/senate-asks-for-cbo-score-with-without-cruz-proposal-2451585212.html …


WTF? Can you suck up any more to the Democrat's RINO Dean
You are a real profile in courage among feckless colleagues bulldozed by Adelson & Wynn.
Your courage & integrity is appreciated by a majority of Americans & you are a role model for the rest of cowardly lemmings in the Senate.
Thank you again Senator for opposing this cruel and thoughtless healthcare bill!
Thank you, respected sir 
No #Trumpcare
Stay strong!  is with you!
Please vote NO on Trumpcare so when it pass & actually way better than OCare, u will lose both dems and republican votes in NV lol
Stand up against trump's misogyny. Your daughters and women everywhere expect better.
Are you considering a YES vote on AHCA/BCRA w/ concessions?  This bill can not be fixed. The whole thing must go.  Please vote NO.
Please stand firm vote no on fed healthcare bill-thank you!

Stay strong for Vets ... #HellerVoteNo
Thank you for standing up for all Americans against Repeal and replace ACA.  That makes you a great American! 
Good idea.  July 4th is stressful to vets.  Might be a better month for that.
Is it all you can do? When are you going to do some REAL good government such as vote YES on HEALTH CARE?
Thank you sir, for standing up against AHCA. I wish my Senators had the strength to do the same.
Got that over #Obamacare #Repeal let the free markets sort it out!! Ins companies should stop discriminating against sick ppl!! @SCOTUSblog
Senator Dean Heller - Thank you for standing up for all Americans and not supporting Trump's mean health care bill.
thank you for voting no. They might pressure you but ameruca thanks you for your principles.
Funny how National PTSD Month ends with a Nation wide torture of PTSD by setting off a bunch of explosive bombs.
All these stances. Cool. Except the Sanctuary Cities stance U sound like a Dem. great. 
Senator: We Texans predict U will definitely not be reelected. We see you selling Insurance at Rotary Meetings shortly.  U fool.
Just want you to know that your heart is pure- Thanks for voting for humanity and not for party... You sir made Jesus very happy
Wow. I'm not a constituent but I'd like to say thank you. PTSD is no joke and raising awareness needs to occur especially for the sufferers.
Senator Heller you will be primaried and will be defeated.U are a traitor to the US.
Healthcare!!!!
Good on you, Senator. Love seeing efforts to find bipartisan cooperation in the current climate. Country needs more of this right now.
On another note, heard u stood up for us regular folk even when billionaires Sheldon Adelson & Steve Wynn pressured u on AHCA. Impressed. 
Stick to your standards in regards to healthcare or the entire country will be suffering from PTSD.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Good. When & where are you having a face to face TOWN HALL MEETING in Las Vegas? Are you still a NO VOTE ON TRUMP DEATH CARE.?
K
