DeVos, Sessions
Are you trying to destroy our country? We vote next year & will remember #BadHellerVotes
Yup. Making a list. Reciting it to myself at night like Arya.
and counting the days.  Don't think DH reads these tweets either
He probably doesn't... Guess I'll fax them to him!
Wish there was more notice of the events you do. Seems we only hear about them after they are done
how did you notify constituents? Twitter? Facebook? Newsletter? Website? I check daily and nothing! You are a failure
we want a Town Hall in person. Face the people you continue to fail!
scared to appear in person?
I called, posted on Facebook and twitter and filled out your form on your website but never heard about this town hall.
U2? Heller's operators wont give info to anyone they dont like at Reno, LV or DC office. VOTE HELLER OUT 2018!
this is a cowardly way to speak to constituents.  Reno is requesting an in-person Town Hall Meeting. #Nevada #HellerTownHall
That's funny You don't seem to listen to your constituents.  DeVos was unqualified and we will remember.
How can you support Sessions as AG? And please, please do not take the ACA & PPL away from so many who need it. 89031
How about a face to face town hall? There’s a novel idea for you
what!!!! I have signed up on every account and written dozens of letters! Why wasn't I notified! #uworkforus
You are a coward !  We will work for your defeat.
Sir, you are no Gov Sandoval. Your record has been extreme right wing & doesn't rep Nevada well. Pls schedule town hall.
is there goon to be a real town hall?
and you blocked me from your Facebook page. Again you have  no balls . tRump puppet
it's clear either you don't care, don't listen or are just immune to hearing what the voters are telling you here in NV...
when did you announce this? I'm signed up for notifications and didn't receive a heads up. And by phone? Coward.
Good job inviting all of your constituents. Or advertising it. Or making it public.
Liar! Must have been hand picked BS
.@SenDeanHeller  Terrible! #Trump puppet
Town Halls are NOT held by telephone. Call it a party call with selective constituents--NOT A "TOWN HALL"! Ridiculous.
- by telephone? Really that's how you meet your constituents? You owe NV one good explanation for DeVos! 2018
putting people on "listen only" mode so they cannot respond is not effective! Thanks for nothing.
Nevadans are uniting against you for putting party ahead of your country and we look forward to voting you out in 2018.
You should be ashamed of voting for Trump's corrupt cabinet. When are you going to stand up to your party? BOUGHT & PAID FOR!
We all look forward to your defeat. You do not represent Nevada, you made that clear with your DeVos vote. Party over country
why, you don't care what we think #mrrubberstamp
because you can't look them in the eye in person after the way you voted.
Strange. I called your offices for 2 weeks and could not get anyone to answer. Voicemail was full.
Curious--what was the secret PW to get invited to the town hall? "I'm a bought rubber stamp" or "Fuck Nevadans"?
Just tried calling your LV office to ask why I wasn't called when I had previous requested to be on call. Mailbox full
enjoy it while you can. You will be voted OUT!
Why weren't the call-in details shared more widely? I called and was given the runaround by your office. @SenDeanHeller #stophiding from us
Why weren't we notified of your telephonic town hall? #ShitGibbon #89052Votes #2018 #HellerNo
interesting. since no one knew about it I'm guessing it was bs.  I haven't seen anything substantial from you, well, ever.
why is Nevada being declared a sanctuary city! This is not acceptable, we Nevadans are against this!
so what is your view on HHS nominee Tom Price?  Seeing how there is a large senior citizen population in Nevada the depends
on Medicare, it would seem to me, that you would be against him and fighting against his nomination. Hopefully you can say NO
I signed up, not called. NP, I will make the calls needed to ensure you are not re-elected.
I just called ur D.C. Office and was told multiple people are calling about being left off town hall call. Ignoring critics?
You hosted a town hall that no one knew about so you can pretend that you're talking with us all while continuing bad votes
NO on Price. NO on Gorsuch.
Ur LV office took down my phone # and told me I would be invited to a tel. town hall, but I wasn't. Did you skip ur critics?
vote democrats in 2018
repeal Obamacare
You should schedule an in-person town hall, if you're brave enough to look constituents in the eye. #askingforNevada
Sad your staff knew nothing about this prior to the fake town hall. Please show up to a real scheduled one in LV. 2018
my #1 agenda is to make #Heller a 1term Senator but we need a strong candidate to run as #Dems . our bench is thin.
glad to see you showing your "face" since you so rarely face your constituents.
It's a real shame you could not possibly care less about your constituents. #Coward
Listened your town hall call. Waited with no answer. Question: if know he is circumventing the Constit are U going to stanup
R U listening.  Sure don't the phone calls
many of us appreciate you supporting Trumps nominees!
you don't represent us anyway.  You merely represent what ThevRepublicans tell you.  This is what is wrong with US politics
thank goodness we weren't blessed with your presence at the UNRvsUNLV game.  That would have ruined a good night.
Thank for your letter about Sessions. "High Ethical Standards" "Uphold the Constitution" You did nothing as promised in it.
excuse Me?  You told I one this was happening?
U didn't announce this telephone townhall until AFTER it was over? Im CONVINCED ur trolling NV constituents @ this point. SAD
oh, I'm so sorry you won't be able to.  But your replacement in 2018 will stand with Nevadans and not just vote party line...
Your job is to represent your state, not your personal interests. You could've been a hero this week. You let NV down
Gutless Heller. Party line huh? Can't wait to get to ballot!
DeVos, Sessions...SHAMEFUL
I wasn't invited because you don't want to hear the truth about you!
I called your D.C. # yesterday 202-224-244 and asked if you had a date for a town hall and the answer was NO.
I've been looking everywhere for your town hall schedule. Funny, I didn't find this one anywhere. Hiding from real questions?
you're a disgrace! TH by phone no 1 knew about, can't look us in the eye. Is this so you can say you had one, DOES'T COUNT!
enjoy it while you can.  We will vote you out next time to repay you for Devos.
Town Hall by phone! Who knew about it? DeVos, Sessions, Munchin. NV ground 0 in foreclosures, U voted 4 the foreclosure king
how do I get on the notification list for these?
How were constituents notified about this town hall?
bye sir we have had it with you
I was on, if he doesn't like what you say, he puts you on "listen only" mode, he continues talking. You can't respond. WTG
How were you notified about the town hall?
I heard he had @BetsyDeVos and her grizzlies hand deliver invites...
when are you going to show up in person in Reno so we can grill you on your ignorant @BetsyDeVos vote?  #anyonebutHeller2018
I love all of these comments. You let Nevada down. Please hold a town hall meeting and face your constituents.
I'm certain they were as proud of your DeVos vote as we are overlooking Carson City. You have to draw the line someplace Dean
was it with the sage grouse? That seems to b all you're worried about not your constituents !!
@TheDemocrats @DNC @cnn @msnbc MSM please investigate.  as of yest, Heller's website & facebook had no notice of this event
can't look your constituents in the eye after voting yes on DeVos eh?
How do we even know this "telephone" town hall even took place? #AlternativeFacts
You are a disaster of a Senator. The job of unseating you in 2018 starts now.
how do we find out about these town halls?  Was it for only donors?
where was this announced?  I"ve checked your website and facebook and never saw anything about it in advance???
@nvindy Jon, i looked for an announcement from Heller for this so-called town hall, and could not find a public announcement> seems odd?
Good job on confirming that Lemon headed racist as the new AG.
So when is the next in person town hall? #swingleft
Hiding in your office communicating by phone. No  in person meetings. We will use ballot box to defeat you. 89134.
I am 89134 as well.  Can't wait for #2018Election #DumpDean
I was signed up for the town hall and was told my number would be called - but never received  call?!?
on the phone? When will you have one in person? Sessions!? devos!? Come face the music sir
That would be nice to know. You about you let us know about it???! You post all kinds of smiley pics, but can't Let us know?
And I'm looking forward to campaigning heavily against you for 2018!
we will vote you out of office in 2018 Dean!!!!!
is a member of 45's Communist KKK Republican Party. We don't need or want a Dictstorship. We will vote you out in 2018.
Perhaps if you tell us that this is happening, we can attend. I've called, emailed & tweeted you but wasn't told! @TheNVIndy
Can't wait for your next in-person town hall. I have a lot to get off my chest!
so you're going to finally pick up your phone? Where were you last week buster?
#socalledsenator SHAME ON YOU! Coward!
Why do I feel like u called a friend in Vegas and called it a tele- town hall. Bye Boi Bye. #TellHeller
you are scared to meet with your constituents face to face? Why?
#socalledsenator can't show your face in #ClarkCounty? We're not that bad. Next time come visit #nothingscaryhere
#socalledsenator DM me! I'll save you time and the embarrassment of public humiliation when selling out #NV to #socalledpotus
Nev. senator duped-charitable explanation-into voting for cabinet noms who are either radical ideologues,mediocrities,or both
were only people that agree with you invited to participate? Did you explain your DeVos vote?
#ShePersists did u explain ur disgraceful vote to silence senator warren?
Thank You for the DeVos vote 
you are not working for all Nevadans. Very disappointed in your actions.
NO ON DONALDS SWAMP!! You will be held accountable for your toxic votes! You will be replaced! #VoteHellerOut #TheResistanse
Oh a telephone town hall? That would have been nice to know. How was it advertised?
Yes, similarly wondering how this was advertised, since I signed up for your newsletter AND called D.C. office.
bought and paid for party over country no to you in 2018 invisible people watching you beware
Trump enabler. Liar. Coward.
We want IN PERSON town hall meeting!! No hiding behind a telephone! Give us a date now
We're looking forward to completing your last Senate term next year. You didn't listen to us about #DeVos so #YoureFired
