mailbox is full, please note my support for #BetsyDeVos
why do you support her?
she has a long record of supporting the student not the system, which appears broken. Vouchers don't take money from public sch
Oh, and her brother runs mercenary companies that love to murder Iraqi citizens.
well that's not good,  thanks I'll check it out
- We will organize and beat your seat if you confirm Devos, Mnuchin or Price. We are watching your every move.
Vote NO on DeVos! You represent US, & we know she is bad for public education. Do right thing & vote NO. We won't forget.2018
NOoooooooo  DEVOS!!!!!
I know at least 100 of your constituents who called requesting a "no" on DeVos who got a busy signal.
None of your numbers are working. Are you? You simply must vote NO on Devos and Sessions. They are wrong for our country.
As of just now repeated tries gets "Call cannot be completed." Please vote NO on DeVos.  Thank you.
I suggest this message instead, "I've decided to stand up for the children of NV and vote NO on Devos. Thanks for yr call!"
This is why we're calling, Senator. No. DeVos. The line must be drawn here.  #NoDevos
We know the truth about the Council for National Policy and their ALEC voucher bills. http://www.alecexposed.org/wiki/Privatizing_Public_Education,_Higher_Ed_Policy,_and_Teachers …
We will not remain silent. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ziiXKWs5lY …
Please no on the @BetsyDeVos nomination
think you're safe in your district? NO TO DEVOS AND ACA REPEAL! 2018 you're voted out! Do right by the people.
please vote NO on DeVos!  How can you even begin to think she's qualified? GOPs not worth more than our kids!
Don't let DeVos becomenext Education Secretary. She's unqualified. I know it's a vote of courage, but it's right.#NotDevos
It's full!! Of NO votes for DeVos -- and you if you continue support!
Reno Vegas & DC mail boxes all full - poor constituent service. I am adamantly opposed to confirmation of Devos.
Invest in more voicemail storage. We often hear a busy signal when we call.
we implore you to listen to the American people. Vote no on DeVos. Champion of unsuccessful and unaccountable schools
Wake up and listen to your constituents. Your VM is overrun with messages. Thousands and thousands want to be heard
Let him not respond, and then let his voters send him a message he cannot ignore at the next election.
#VOTE #NO #ON #BETSY #DEVOS  #HENDERSON #NEVADA #USA #DESERVES #BETTER
I've called, emailed and tweeted and so many of your constituents have done likewise. Time to wise up and vote #noDevos
who do you work for? The majority of Americans or your rich supporters. You will have to answer.
We have a rule in our home.  #noshoulds I called at 6:05, your phone went to voicemail and it said it was full.
@PatrickJFerree @SoundCloud VOTE NO
no confirmation of #Devos or #Jeffsessions we pay your salary want to sacrifice your career for Betsy?
Have you been paid off? Do we need to start a gofundme so you can get paid off for your NO on Devos vote?
Beysy devos is nood good for education in nevada. We are 51 in the county!! Shame on you!!!
vote NO for DeVos. She is bad for education. Protect our children and do the right thing!
I got the voicemail-couldn't leave message-Voicemailbox FULL-email failed too-Vote NO to DeVos!Thanx (89074)
listen to your messages. Listen the the people. No on DeVos.
"DeVos teaches us that if you're born rich,never go to public schools,hate public schools,someday you can run public schools"
your cowardice is showing http://www.rawstory.com/2017/02/nevada-republican-feebly-tweets-voicemail-message-after-voters-flood-his-office-with-devos-complaints/ …
Thanks for the vm update, my calls have not gone through. Please do NOT vote for Betsy DeVOS. Thanks for all of your work!
please vote no on Devos who is painfully ill equipped for that job! Do the right thing! Thank you.
I have been calling 775 office number for days and mailbox ALWAYS full. Time to get some people on the phone there.
Total blackout by you to your constituents does not bode well for you in the coming election.  No phones open in at all 
I am a constituent here in Las Vegas and am emploring you to stand up for our children and vote NO on Betsy DeVos.
Be careful or even your poorly educated #TrumpChump constituents will catch on you don't give a hoot about representing them.
Your constituents don't want Devos, Listen to them or prepare to be voted out next election cycle.
You mean when you're not hiding in your office like a coward...phone disconnected? Hear no evil see no evil?
Are those your real teeth?
Enjoy your last 2 years in office.
Then why do the majority of us no hear that when we call? #Alternatefacts
won't matter your mind is made up
This is the message we are trying to leave for you: Vote against #DeVos or get voted out in 2018.
They're all full.
Can you hear us now?
@SenDeanHeller @SoundCloud
5 kids 1 bullied 3 learning disability 1 homeschool Devos never walked with us ! vote NO we matter
listen to your state ! Be the change for our kids.  We aren't asking for US the governor will forgive you !
Your mailboxes remain full. Vote against Devos! Your constituents are trying to speak to you.
Don't forget faxing!
Phone: 702-388-6605 775-686-5770 202-224-6244
Fax: 702-388-6501 775-686-5729 202-228-6753
In case you lack a fax, http://hellofax.com  allows sending a word/pdf doc free. Inundate them!
back at it with those #AlternativeFacts I see I guess my tweet got you shook. As it should. Answer the damn phone
No on Devos!!
Your refusal to listen to your constituents is embarrassing. The collective voice is saying NO to DeVos.
senator heller I did get in and called. you have dedicated staff please vote no on DeVos
NO!! On Betsy DeVos. Spectacularly unqualified
.@SenDeanHeller Wake up early to vote NO on #DeVos.
I called the offices. One has a busy signal & the other a full mailbox. #StopHiding #RejectDeVos
I have tried calling your NV office (mail box full) and DC office (busy) for days. Sound cloud would be the same bottom line.
protect our children have some dignity and vote no for http://Devos.how  much does it take to buy a vote?
you are there to rep Nevadans. Listen to us now!
show us that you are listening. We r parents and teachers in public school. We count!
DeVos has already shown you she has bad school reviews,  Mich. Resident wil, attest to it. PLEASE VOTE NO 2 DEvOS
I've called, I was put in hold for over 30 minutes, then the phone went dead. #votedeanhelleroutin2018
, your LV ofc msg: "VM box is full and there's not enough space to leave a msg. TY for using Century Link." @CenturyLinkHelp
, none of your offices have given access to VM in days. Constituents are beginning to talk abt this on social media @SCsupport
there is one news story out and another in the works about your lack of response to constituents.
DeVos will hurt Nevada's special needs students.
...I called all your numbers ..LV - mailbox full - Reno - mailbox full...DC - busy signal...SAD!
, yep. No way to reach staffer or leave msg. But @SenCortezMasto's ofc is answering!
Take ACTION Email him here to DEMAND a NO on DeVos! http://bit.ly/2kX9n2i  #notqualified  #NeverDeVos #resist
So are you saying the Russians hacked your phone line?
this is great 
