Hopefully Congress will looks past there party loyalty and put state 1st and impeach Trump
Liberalism is indeed a mental disorder.

https://goo.gl/photos/4GjBLKXw4ubQumr66 …
Touch'e

Wow, how sick you are. But most libs are. Goodbye, you are now MUTED, for being gross & ignorant. Bye.
Wow. You're a sensitive little snowflake. Or should I say Trumpflake.
Not overly sensitive, just sick of moronic liberals who post ignorant nonsense on my Twitter page. (but most lib postings are nonsense).
Even Democrats will be so happy too see you back.  As President Obama said, "give em hell John. You're an American hero. #getwellsoon
He's a disgrace! He was a hotdog Navy pilot that got other pilots and servicemen killed that was saved by his Dad!
I'm right, aren't I piss-ant. What did you do for this country that entitles you to disparage a man who's jockstrap you're not fit to carry.
McCain was a fuck-up, a disaster in the Navy. Ask anyone who served with him in the Navy. His Admiral Dad saved his ass!
And you know this how? Don't say reading because I doubt that you can. John McCain is an American hero. And you? Aside from name calling.
My cousin was a Naval Aviator who flew fighters off an aircraft carrier, and everyone knew about "Commie McCain".
Doesn't matter what side your on. McCain has class. There needs to be opposing views. If only all politicians were more like John McCain
Brain problems explain why he has been so mentally ill for the last year or so . I pray that his physical & mental health both return.
Please do something about this nutt job in the White House. He is destroying it
Trump's doing it to himself, as usuallooking into how he can Pardon himself/staff. 1915 SCOTUSPardon=Guilty.
No no no..... I mean he is destroying the White House I spent 10 years in the military, I didn't defend the constitution for this 
Get well , but please retire.
Thank you for your life long service to our country and speedy recovery and return!
God Bless and speedy recovery
Hope to see you back in the Senate asap-thank you for your service! Respect
Thank you for your service, and get well soon
Get well soon senator
God speed on recovery Mr McCain
John, you know my prayers are with you. I saw you through your return in Manila, and your rise to Senator.
Yes sir!!! You are needed but PLEASE take care of yourself first...
We're all rooting for you, Senator!
I wish you & your family well.
Prayers for you, sir, true patriot and hero.
Što reče Kris Rok: Kakav je on heroj kad je bio zarobljen 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jOZ4GmCJ8g8 …
Get well. Please!
... and retire. Please!
As we say in Denmark. If you have nothing good to say. Say nothing.
I want him to fully recover and enjoy his retirement years. I want all RINOs like him to retire as well.

Don't like my comment? Oh, well.
Because you are an idiot!
Okay! Been waiting 4your strength 2speak out. GOOD 4U! You're damn right you will be back soon. Gotta have grit, but love in your heart too!
Would be good to see you fit and fighting for the American people again Senator. We're all cheering you on in the fight!
May God bless you and your family  Sen. McCain
That is great news. I hope you get well soon. Sending prayers to you and your family.
I'm looking forward to railing you to do something about Trump/Russia again. But for now, get well, dear Senator. 
Hey it won't be unfortunate for yr "sparring partners," bec you make them bring their A game. Get better soon!
Get well soon!
GOD pleas you sir!!! I'm praying for you.
Wishing you all the best, @SenJohnMcCain .
And your return will be very welcome! You have always put country over party. Best wishes for full recovery. #senate #gop #potus
I don't always agree with you, but I appreciate your service to our country and I pray for you and your family.
That's what we all expect for a true American hero  Godspeed
Good luck Senator.
God bless you, sir! You have our prayers, admiration, and appreciation.
America needs it's Maverick back. The executive branch feels democracy is under further consideration. Take care
John, god promised us he heals us in our greatest need...I pray your cancer goes away and the lord heals you quickly...get well soon!
I was married for 29 years to a haunted  Vietnam vet who came home at the same time you didn't.  Many lives and spirits were saved by you.
Praying for a full recovery!
Get well soon! We need you.
Anyone who believes that differences of opinion in politics can be handled with decency and integrity.
Same Democrats who want to impeach Trump on the grounds he is mentally unfit are cheering brain damaged John McCain coming back to Congress.
Prayers for recovery.
As an American, Prayers for Senator McCain and family @cindymccain @MeghanMcCain for your healthy recovery. all politics aside #BetterCare
You are a gentleman & a true statesman!  Be strong #noretreatnosurrender
FIGHT, Sir. You can win this. 
Ditto!!
Your implication is that liberals only care about the health of liberals? We are the ones who want health care for ALL people. We care!
You are a hero and served the country more than I’ll know.  Have you considered stepping aside and relaxing a bit...
God bless you Mr. McCain your the only hero the Republican party has left  I  for you
bring attention #Glioblastoma cure for many DCVAXL by @NorthwestBio discovery of Dr Liau chairwoman of @UCLAHealth https://cancer.ucla.edu/news-events/newsroom/researcher-spotlights/linda-liau …
Get well and take care of yourself. We need you
Aren't you ready to retire?
An indisputable American hero.
I guess you need to go back to school and learn the definition of indisputable. I think this thread has lots of people disputing it
That is one current problem.
...which says more about the people with those opinions than it does about the man himself.
Please elaborate
Nope. It's self-evident. If you don't get it then you're fixing for a fight, not enlightenment. Not interested in that.
No I want to know what good the man has done for this country and no one can tell me other than he has cancer and I should feel bad
Politics as it should be.
Can you imagine any response like that from our current Administration?! @realDonaldTrump
This is the McCain I truly . Clip shows what true American leadership looks like & how repectful integrity sounds 
That's been stolen
Even though I've seen this so many times, I'm still appalled by it. It's sad, inappropriate and embarrassing.
So mocking the disabled in any scenario is okay?  It's an adolescent response by an adult in any case.
Go Sen. McCain !!! Rooting for you sir! And just for your FYI I'm a democrat! But your an amazing human being we need you back.
I am a democrat too! And I am pulling for you Mr. McCaine!
Do everyone a favor and retire. Fake senator.
As an Arizona constituent, I appreciate two honest senators with integrity. My Rep, not so much. Thank you for all you are doing
Thank you Patriot, sir!
I might not always agree with @SenJohnMcCain but to me, he’s a hero for standing up for what he believes in. Sure wish others would follow.
Enjoying your commentary in Robert Redford's The West very much. Great series.

We hope you don't for the Welfare of our Nation.
Resign rino your not needed back in DC you and your cronies have gotten fat off the hog long enough. Drain the swamp from career congressmen and women.
GIVE EM HELL JOHN
G-d bless you @SenJohnMcCain. Americans need you!
We don't need him now that he turned on the American people, killing 28 million Americans is NOT ok! I used to think he was a decent human
Well, well another screw ball!
Thank you! I will pray for you 
John McCain  your are very decent man I never know vote no for skinny  bill
Give it hell John! 
American politics need you so your return is awaited. I wish you a speedy recovery.
As a wife of a retired MSG forced into exile due to unfortunate immigration laws, I wish u fast recovery. I admire you deeply. Good Bless!
@drsanjaygupta here is your chance. You can save my Senator, a real hero. Please share your research, Cannabis heals http://tac.ac/02nQN 
All d best Mr. Hero @SenJohnMcCain... u had courage to fight relentless enemy during war time, so u will have full of courage to fight this.
We hope so. Australia thinks you are needed. Fight on.
Senator McCain, you are in my prayers! If you can survive Vietnam, you can certain beat Cancer's ass!
Get well soon Senator. America needs you.
Feel better soon sir..
WTF does that mean? How about being a true Republican for a change
God Bless
May God Bless you and send his healing angels to assist in your complete recovery!  May God help the surgeons heal you as good as new.
NO!  You're supposed to resign, TRAITOR!  Real Americans (not the ISIS terrorists you posed with) don't want you back...JUST GO AWAY!!!
Get well soon from Springdale, Washington state...the country needs you!

Get well soon!
we want you back! ASAP!! You are one of the most effective senators on the Hill!
You've got a lot of people behind you. Time to fight the fight. 
No religion, but I will pray to anything or anyone out there that might listen for your health & happiness. Everyone should have healthcare.
we luv ya Sen McCain ! keep on working for America  u'll whip that  nasty Ariz rival election day!
I never heard of the VA working so quickly before
Good health to you, Sir
We would love to have you back soon!  You are a real American hero.  Should be President!!!
You should give dean Heller your spine since he lacks one
Tell cancer to F*#k Off!!  Keeping fighting the good fight!!  Having insurance to help you get through this is important to All US Citizens!
Get well soon, Senator!
Get better! We need you! Xxxcc
Sir, I'm praying for your complete recovery.
You're an honorable man, sir. America needs your voice more than ever. Get better soon!
Please get better soon. He's going to destroy this country without strong republicans to hold him accountable.
We need you in the fight of this Russian mess sir! Take care!
If you are not around who will remind us of shoes dropping in the White House? Stay tough.
You should not come back just to take health care away from Americans. That is not heroic.
Take your time.
You, sir, are an American hero! You are one of the few GOP Congressmen who has integrity and honor. You put our country before politics. Thx
Your service to the U.S. is exemplary & inspirational. I wish you a speedy recovery so I can continue debating you, even if in my own mind 
God bless you, Sen. John McCain. A speedy recovery!
No, you won't sir, God is ending your lying and betrayals of a lifetime.  Repent.
Encourage ALL of them to work together!  FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION!
Give 'em hell!
I'm Not a Republican but am a big fan. Thinking of you, praying for you. You've got this!!!!!!
Get Well
Dear Sir, I'm praying for your quick recovery. We need you.
Don't always agree with you but you have integrity needed in D.C.  Praying for you in this difficult time.#cancersucks
You are a great American and an humble example to men. Thank you for your service.
Be a healthcare hero now, please.
#HealthCareForAll
Since your POW days, you've always been in my prayers. Now I'll be praying double time. May God bless & keep you safely in His care.
Your dedication to your country is admirable. I wish you a prompt return to work.
Semper Fi. Don't fucking lose.
Sen McCain, I haven't always agreed with you, but I think you are a good man. I wish you well and hope that you will find a way to...(cont)
Praying
Looking forward to your return!
Go McCain!!!
This Senior Citizen in Colorado looks forward to you back in Congress. I too am battling cancer Stage 4. Praying we both get better:) .
Good. Now eliminate ACA
In light of current events, perhaps some of your tactics will be reconsidered.
Ow jeans
I hope you come back with a new understanding of how important  access to quality healthcare is for America.
MR JOHN MR JOHN Go sit down enjoy the Grandkids enjoy your life ..  Those karate kids in Congress . Not worth it.
Bless you John McCain. Prayers for you and your family.
Cannot wait for your return to Congress.
I voted for you for both of your Presidential runs.  You're a hero, a man of integrity and a great American.  Prayers for you and yours.
Get well Sir
Mr McCain ty for your service and your tumor. Speedy recovery. Maybe its time you retire and get someone in office that will get trump out
#GodBlessYouSenator
Best wishes, Senator. So fortunate you have affordable, comprehensive health care; if not, this could financially ruin your family.
Best wishes for you sir. Get well soon!
Please be safe 
All of America is waiting for your return. We're all praying for you!
You are my hero no matter what the orange guy says!
You're a true hero!
Get well Senator! Praying for you here in Texas!
Hopefully if you return you can actually help Veterans William their healthcare! It's criminal how congress sits by & does nothing for them
Senator McCain, wishing you all the prayers and sending you my deepest gratitude for your infallible spirit.
Thank you for everything you've done for AZ my prayers are with you in this fight.
much respect
Soundz good you BADASS! cant wait to see you fight as hard as @TheNotoriousMMA will against @FloydMayweather! #Knockout that #Cancer!
Get well
You are a treasure.
Glad you're feeling better! Get back and keep up the fight!
Fight. Fight. Fight as hard as you always do. Praying for you and family.
You will u just Became a warrior !! Fighter against. cancer
I wish you the best,  therefore I hope that you will consider retiring immediately to give full attention to your health...
You should have voted against this awful thing. You got yours. What about lots of others???
You are the meaning of a true HERO! I felt honored to run into at Sky Harbor and felt so bad at not calling you Senetor XOXO
Get Well Sen McCain!
I am a Democrat but have always respected you as both a Man and a Soldier. You're among the few in the Republican Party with a moral compass
Always admired you and wishing you a speedy recovery
Best wishes for health.
You are the epitome of "the swamp." Good riddance.
Could you maybe NOT remove health care protections for Americans suffering w cancer & other conditions? We all deserve access & you know it.
Shit hot back to the boat Senator. Piece of cake for you compared to that first Antietam approach. We need you, Godspeed 
Yay!
Lifting you and your family up prayer.
I don't always agree with you but I respect you, sir.  Integrity is in short supply in Washington these days and yours is appreciated.
I'm a liberal democrat with the utmost respect for you. Give that C hell!  You got this. One great dude!!
Hoping you have a safe recovery mr mc cain. Even though trumpi is my president, you were appreciated in your military service. Kimi
Glad that your surgery went well & wishing you a speedy recovery. Thank you for your tireless service to the American people!
@RuPaul @BarackObama @HillaryClinton @ChelseaClinton 
@WorldOfWonder 
John! Please change ur pic and get off snapmess!
Romans 10:9
#LIFE
Praying
Speedy recovery Sen. McCain and return when ready.
You're the man John - actually I think you are the only real man in the senate right now among the GOP
Kick cancer's rear! Prayers with you!
Get well soon, Sen McCain!
Good luck, and continue to hang tuff!
May the Lord restore your health
You are a great man and wish you the best
Praying for you ♡
