WATCH: Pres. Trump, first lady Melania Trump, VP Mike Pence, Karen Pence stand somberly for moment of silence http://cbsn.ws/2keVmBH  
Australia's laws. Meaningful legislation would prevent this type of tragedy. Time for you and your party to act! Instead you focus on wall!
Any regrets?
Moments of silence &a prayers meaningless. What will it take for u to do your job and pass meaningful legislation to prevent this tragedy?
You are complicit
20 babies in CT wasn't enough for you to do something.  Your moment of silence is worthless.
You come to LV for your fake concern tour? Stop taking NRA $$ and do something about gun control. And no on gun silencer bill. #VoteNoHeller
You voted against expanding background checks for anyone trying to purchase a firearm at a gun show or online. 59 lost lives are on YOU! 
We mourn with you and hope you quickly focus on the CAUSE of this, and so many others like it. 2nd Am not intended for citizens to have WMDs
#GiveBacktheBloodMoney

@SenDeanHeller worthless morally bankrupt #FtheNRA
@SenDeanHeller I called ur NV & DC offices to ask when u will be calling 4 ban automatic weapons. Hmm... they didn’t have an answer. Do you?
That sounds like Heller and POTUS. Good one.
The girl with Marty Feldman eyes related to Huckabee said the same thing. Cowards!!!
A moment of silence is all America is going to get until one of his children is a victim of gun violence.  Shame on you, Dean Heller.
We don't need a moment of silence. You can honor the victims by sponsoring a bill calling for a ban on automatic and semiautomatic weapons
Your moment of silence and your remarks are not enough.
When did you become chief butt kisser?  You had me fooled Dean.  Grow a pair, stand up and be the man you can be.
@CBSNews Praising Trump does nothing for the families whos loved ones were murdered. Enact strict gun control laws.
Thanks for the thoughts and prayers. It's definitely enough to prevent this from happening again.
Dean Heller, you've done nothing to prevent something like this from happening.
You and every member of GOP including gov Sandoval bear responsibility for loss of life in Vegas  look at Switzerland, Japan Germany's
So helpful. At least he didn't say anything or tweet anything stupid for a minute! Think he'd do a 24 hour observance in silence?
"warmest condolences"?????    SERIOUSLY Trump????
It's all silence.  You were elected to protect us. FIX IT NOW! Were 59 innocent lives worth the @nra $? #bloodmoney
How about for once we actually take action that prevents this from happening again? Honor the victims and their families by making a change
And thanks to the NRA for the chunk of change ($21350) to my campaign. And thanks for the cronyism. https://www.facebook.com/NowThisNews/videos/1727482537283229/ … #GOPcomplicit
Vote Heller out. What a kiss ass.
Why do you believe mentally challenged people should be allowed to carry guns? Why did you vote to allow that to happen?
Sorry but this is meaningless. Do sonething about gun violence don't offer prayers..U and all Repubs need to grow spines and stand up 2 NRA.

Tonight at 11/10c, Trevor responds to the tragedy in Las Vegas. 
#VegasStrong
Nevada Senator Dean Heller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/10/2/1703332/-Nevada-Senator-Dean-Heller-voted-against-limits-on-magazine-size-assault-weapons-background-checks …
Yup moments of silence will really help stop the next mass shooting. Instead of silence how about some action to stop these massacres ?
DH you need to get some...
He needs to do a HELL of a lot more than a moment of silence ...smh
Silence is nice. How about action. Time to talk #GunContolNow  and increased mental health treatment.
Big deal. Is that going to bring back the dead or heal the wounded?  We need comprehensive #guncontrol #LasVegasShooting gun control!!
DO SOMETHING MEANINGFUL! Ppl R dying b/c you R bought & paid 4 by the NRA! U couldn't possibly believe in God... U should B ashamed.
Did you seriously stand up and say “We’re going to remember Oct 2 forever”? You and Trump need to leave the talking to NV women.
He read off a teleprompter words that someone else wrote with all the emotion of reading a grocery list, epic fail again
Delete your account
Actions speak WAY louder than words!
The ONLY moment of silence that matters now WOULD have been your silence instead of your vote on no limits to assault rifles etc. #nrapuppet
bet you feel awesome after taking $21,350 of NRA's $....
Are you going to do something or just pull stock statements from a hat?
Dean Heller don't mind killing many Americans, so says his vote on healthcare to kill elderly, disabled, and even children.
Actually presidential.  WOW.
Someday even the moment of silence will be filled with the sound of our second amendment being celebrated.
GOP-pathetic on this issue. Failed to regulate semi automatic/automatic weapons.Shameful,since you will lose anyway-try to do right thing!
Nevada Senator @SenDeanHeller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks
Just think - if those guns had silencers, how many more people would have died

What do every day Americans need silencers for?!?
Why would you think them for something he should be doing
You all are good a the silence
Now ACT!  Do something. STOP THE VIOLENCE. And take care of Puerto Rico too.
We don’t need moments of silence !! Silent too long taking the @NRA $ ! GET LOUD! NOT SILENT
Vote for some gun control. Stop folding to NRA and the almighty dollar.
Respect the victims of this tragic terrorist attack in yr state by voting against silencers, automatic weapons, etc. If not = empty words.
Both of U worked to take these ppls healthcare away. Had UR BILL passed many of those injured survivors would be SOL.
Will you vote for a bill allowing silencers into the public's hands? How many more must die before your stop taking more NRA blood money?
we need gun control more than a moment of silence- especially if silencer law passes!
Since his administration is a constant tragedy, Trump should be silent for the rest of his term.
.need more than silence @SpeakerRyan need to talk gun death health crisis stop bending over 4NRA #reaign
kissing #45 arse won't save your disgusting cowardly ass.
Gun control.
do U think he will support U ? ask Luther how Strange it is to have him give a signal to his base he doesn't really care if you win or lose
The true moments of silence will be in Congress waiting for you to pass meaningful gun control legislation. #DoYourJob #ItCantWait

TODAY trump should issue a stop on any automatic gun and high capacity ammo until this sorted out! @realDonaldTrump makes good EO.
He read a written note given to him. He is an idiot that needs to go! You as well! Gun control NOW!

Let’s have a moment of silence, yeah, is that like rolling over and continuing to die because the GOP will do nothing about Assault Weapons?
Moments of silence mean nada w/@realDonaldTrump in the White House! He divides our country every chance he gets. He does NOTHING to unite
Now is not the time for silence, now is the time for action. #NRAOwnsTheGOP
Thanks to @POTUS the Guy Who is always spreading the Hate #gopistrump
Th
Of course, thank him for doing what he is supposed to do. Meanwhile, people like you and him have NRA blood money on your hands.
Moments of silence benefit no one. You are all in positions to influence this issue. Legislate on gun control.
What are you going to do to stop this?
This is on the hands of the gop. The nra owns you and now you own yet another gun tragedy in this country. Shame. Shame on you all.

#NRAownsGOP #NRAownsHELLER
You do realize that by voting against gun control and by voting for the lessoning of restrictions you are culpable in this, don’t you?
Dean - you are really sucking up to him... Have some backbone liked McCain
When we will the moment of silence ends?Or the forever"thoughts& prayers".NRA blood money is the motivating factor 4 not having gun control.
#nrabloodmoney
When it comes to gun reform, seems like Republican congresspeople care more about taking the NRA’s money than they do about saving lives 
That's the problem. The " silence" is deafening.
Hey Dean...are you going to that gun show this weekend??  CANCEL THE GOD DAMN GUN SHOW!!!!!!!!
I called @GovSandoval (775-684-5670) and asked for a moratorium on gun shows til we enact the bill we passed for background checks.
K
.
Somberly taking a moment to think about how to spend the cheques from the @NRA.
Bite me Heller your ass kissing has no boundaries smdh
ACT now! tell your Congressman No silencers, cop killer rounds, assault  rifles, super shooter magazines. Ban those w mental illness!
How come only people of color have labels? Asking for a friend who's not a person of color? How should I respond the friend @realDonaldTrump
Dude needs to cut the crap and do what's right. You guys are suckers for empty gestures and platitudes. Oh and you love to "pray".
That fixes everything!!!!
Now we have to thank the @POTUS for acting like a normal human for 30 seconds
Make sure not to take any steps to change gun laws, reevaluate safety standards, or increase access to mental health care 
#NRAownsTheGOP
Yeah cuz that's always so helpful.  Already too much silence on gun control.
Moment of silence, what good does that do? What have YOU done on this issue for Nevada? NOTHING!
Is this a fucking joke?
Any politician who does nothing to change the lax gun laws in this country has blood on their hands. Think about that.
Moments of silence/prayers are nice but we need you to do your job and support common sense gun control legislation. Do it now.
Pathetic photo op while taking big money from the NRA
How are you enjoying your blood money now, senator?

When it comes to gun reform, seems like Republican congresspeople care more about taking the NRA’s money than they do about saving lives 
#GunControlNow #guncontrol #LasVegasShootings
How about instead of a moment of silence with have a long and loud discussion about common sense gun control?
Legislative action is needed.
You can read,  not too early to talk about getting a brain and gun control.
Absolutely ridiculous. How about some proactive words instead of reactive ones.
And I'm sure that for you that was completely sufficient.
The #NRA #GOP unholy alliance offers up politically expedient “thoughts and prayers” for the victims of their turning USA into an armed camp
Ass kisser.
#NRAownsGOP
WOW  thanking him for a photo op. 
Crazy 
Did you thank him for rescinding O's EO allowing mentally ill to buy guns?
Gosh, yes that moment of silence will fix everything... #NRAHoldsGOPCaptive
How have you voted on gun control, Senator? Wait, don't tell me, I think I know.
you voted to take healthcare away from millions of nevadans and americans, you’re a phony
"Heller..voted for..amendment to prevent...BATFE...from..centralizing records of thousands of Americans' long gun purchases."
NRAendorsement
oh yeah... you’re most definitely losing re election and your potus isn’t to far behind losing his
Any chance you grow a backbone and start talking about why we have these mass shootingds in the US at a higher rate than other countries?
How about stopping the thoughts and prayers and starting with some logical gun control? Or do the NRA give you too much money??
The latter, definitely the latter.
