You've met her. Surely you can tell that she is too much of an outlier. Please vote NO to DeVos. TY #noDevos
Not right for our kids. Not right for America #Unqualified No public school experience! #conflictofinterest
If this were a non-political, impartial job interview, DeVos would've failed. She does not belong as Sec. of Ed.
Don't care about your constituents? Hang on to the money she paid you because your pink slip is in the mail 2018.
Please vote no on her confirmation.  She is not experienced enough for Nevada Schools. Please...
- BS - DeVos bad choice! Public Education NOT FOR SALE!  DeVos BAD for NV & America's children. NO DeVOS - SHAME
Enjoy 2 more years of NOT representing your voters. You'll have plenty of free time for jerking Trump off in 2018 when ur out
...SAD //www.c-span.org/video/?421224-1/education-secretary-nominee-betsy-devos-testifies-confirmation-hearing
I promise to remember your stance when I vote in 2018. #StopDeVos
did you ask her about her donation to DT and that's why she was nominated with no experience whatsoever? VOTE NO
senator very disappointed in your vote to approve someone who is unqualified for the position REMEMBER18
will you rise to your Constitutional advice and consent duty and vote NO for @BetsyDeVos ? Did you research her record? #2018
Today, I realized my senator doesn't represent the voters of nevada, and will be fired in 2018.

DeVos is fine as an advocate for charter schools; but there is a better candidate to oversee our excellent public edu system
you're a spineless SOB - how dare you put you're self in front of the future of our students. I'm disgusted.
If you vote for her I will do every thing humanly and legally possible to see to it that you are a 1 term senator
vote NO on Betsy DeVos. She is not qualified and our children deserve better!
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos from one of your Elko constituents!
IS NOT QUALIFIED! https://www.google.com/amp/amp.mlive.com/v1/articles/20097782/left-leaning_website_documents.amp?client=safari …
BIG, BIG Mistake!!!!
Sen Heller plse reconsider supportng DeVos. Her actions are bent twrd privitization. Plse vote no. Ur VM box full
I live in Michigan -- have seen destruction of public education funded by Devos and using Mackinaw Center as her messaging
In MI take a look at how often teacher is out of classroom state tracks it now terrible for students learning.
Two republican senators are publicly announcing they are voting no on DeVos. Will you be the third? #noDevos
This was a terrible day in politic- besides the day Trump was voted in...things aren't looking good for Rep in NV
Terribly disappointed w/your vote. Short on qualifications for such an Important position. Guess it applies to both of you.
wrong for our kids
How much money did she give you?  Such a disappointed voter here in Nevada.
Sold to the highest bidder
Not qualified
vote no on DeVos. Do not put party loyalty over the needs of your constituents!
I've tried repeatedly to reach you, Senator. Can't get through phone lines. I'm a NV resident asking you to vote NO on DeVos!
@redmcgraw1  
Just heard @SenDeanHeller says he'll vote yes on DeVos. In future, send him a fax https://faxzero.com/fax_senate/54 
Voters will remember this.  And NV is a swing state...
Reject her nomination. Nevada public schools need help and she is unqualified.
He just lost my vote in 2018
I've spoken to your office several times ...  simple, vote for her confirmation and @RubenKihuen will have your seat in 2018!
I agree, Kirk.  Sen Heller needs to show backbone here, or I will help his opponent like crazy in 2018.
please oppose Betsy DeVos. She is not qualified for this position.
Is incompetent to judge competence if he thinks Betsy DeVos has any. Barely won plurality, if runs 2018 will lose
Just say NO to DeVos
you won't answer your phone so I will say it here I don't want you to vote for DeVos
Please reconsider supporting DeVos. NV schools need someone who understands frontier/rural issues.
please reconsider your DeVos vote, your constituents have overwhelmingly shared their concerns with this pick.  #VoteNoDevos
@foxnewspolitics Betsy Devos is not qualified to hold position of Secretary of Education. Please vote no!
How do you know this.
Mrs Devos displayed a lack of basic knowledge of education laws and no experience
Please pay attention and research vaccinations,the states are trying to pass bills on these.
you better be voting no, you represent us don't forget that
Call Reno contact # - others aren't working, but I got someone in Reno. 775-686-5770 NO on DeVos!!
I live in Las Vegas and still can't get through to you.  Please vote NO on DeVos and Sessions.
i finally just got through to his vegas office..keep trying!!
That's awesome, good for you!  I just called the Vegas office again, and it says the message box is full.
http://SLIMEBALL.How  much did she pay you? Thanks from all the kids whose education is about to be destroyed.
You Vote for DeVos you lose my vote.
and I am not in your state but I have money to give to your opponent if you vote yes on DeVos
That would be nice Thank you
Did you ask her about the federal laws concerning children with disabilities? Or the grizzlies?
#devos is #unqualified & #unprepared. Ur children deserve better. Listen to your constituents & #DumpDevos
She's out of touch with current public education, wants to reduce it by transferring funds to the wealthy. NO
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. Don't let her dismantle our public schools.
Seator, Vote No!  Our kids deserve better.  Be a stronger leader!  Voters remember.
~ ever seen such an outpouring of response? Listen to the people of the U.S. Vote NO to Betsy DeVos. #yourvoicemailisfull
- Can you please address the fact that you are CLEARLY voting against the will of the people of Nevada?
- When will you start representing the VOTERS instead of the $$$$$. 2018 is coming
she's wholly unqualified. For the sake of our nation's children vote no!
What about students with disabilities? Has she learned what IDEA is yet? Our most fragile students!! Please VOTE NO!
PLEASE, Senator, oppose this nomination. We are frightened for our grandchildren in Reno!
Say NO!!! to DeVos..She will give all the public school money to the for profit unaccountabe Charter schools.
Please Vote NO. DeVos will destroy public education! Thank you!
does she even know where Nevada is? #CharterSchoolsDontWork
Did she have any ideas for someone more qualified than her to take the job?
A vote for #DeVosconfirmation is a vote against teachers and #publiceducation and for disillusionment. #voteNO
As a 30 year veteran teacher, I totally disagree she has the needs of public education as her priority. Vote NO!
vote NO on Devos and YES for our kids and grandkids! #StopDeVos
You mean making it impossible for poor and immigrant kids to get educated in NV!! Shame on you senator!!
@KickOutHeller #recalldeanheller VOTE NO!
I  say recall if you vote Yes for Betty D.
Dean remember @HillaryClinton won Nevada. If you want to keep your job vote NO.
2018!
WE are a parent and taxpayer group and we are STRONGLY opposed to the unqualified, ignorant and obtuse Ms. DeVos!
We cannot expect those living in poverty and working multiple jobs to simply increase parental engagement #unreal
she is not fit for our children.  She never had to fill a college application. Apply for financial aid..nothing
Did you discuss her lack of qualifications?  The Sec. of Ed. directs our most valuable resource-our our children #NotDevos
As a long-time Nevada teacher, I beg you, vote NO on Devos. Our children deserve better.
Another NV resident asking you to note NO. Unqualified & you know it. No more partisan politics!
is totally unqualified to serve as Education Secretary #DeVosUnqualified
You must hear what the ppl of Nevada are saying? If not your fate awaits in 641 days

she doesn't know anything about education.  Only there because of her money. Still time to change your vote.
Do not give us an Education Secretary that is by all analysis not qualified for such an important job. Vote no!
VOTE NO!!!!!
And Grizzly Bears. Don't forget the part where you talked about Grizzly Bears.
But she does seem like such a nice lady.
Qualified how? Did she buy you out too? Vote NO!!!
#icantkeepquiet 
#DeVosvote
I am a Henderson, NV resident asking you to vote No on DeVos. Haven't been able to get thru calling.
"No wonder, for even Satan disguises himself as an angel of light." Corinthians 11:14 Vote NO on DeVos!
We Nevadans want someone with a background in education, not one buying off politicians. We vote in 2018, we will remember.
NO ON @BetsyDeVos
.@SenDeanHeller Please distinguish yourself as representing your constituents; introduce a standard of competency to cabinet leadership!
you will need parents because they know mored than she does she has only visited schools. We don't need on the job training.
As a Las Vegas resident I beg u to please vote NO on DeVos. She is unqualified & wld be weak for public education
Shame.  Unqualified meets with spineless.
, @BetsyDeVos is unqualified, uninformed, and unsuited to be our Sec. of Ed.  Any rational individual can see this.  Vote No.
Don't forget faxing!
Phone: 702-388-6605 775-686-5770 202-224-6244
Fax: 702-388-6501 775-686-5729 202-228-6753
please reconsider your vote. Nevada needs better.
Please reconsider changing your Yes for Ms. DeVos to NO. Children in Nevada and across US need the best looking out for them.
vote NO to DeVos.
speak out against ban on 7 countries! Investigate  trump's investments in saudia Arabia, Egypt in violation emoluments clause
I'm also asking you NOT to defund planned parenthood. Doing so only results in more unwanted pregnancies & is anti women
nation and vote against such unqualified candidates such as Devos, Perry and Pruitt. Stand up for facts & science
to vote for Devos would be horrible for the nation and nevada. This woman is unqualified. Please stand up for the
doesn't have enough experience in public education and the experience she has proves she's not the one!
.@SenDeanHeller .@BetsyDeVos You mean you talked and she listened? She has no clue how to engage parents or educate students. #NotoDeVos
the people you represent don't want DeVos. Do the right thing as a public servant, not what your peers tell u. Listen to us.
don't throw parent engagement out like it's a buzz word. We r engaged. Listen to us. We r engaged. Families first
please vote against Betsy DeVos. I'm the daughter of school teacher 30+years. She is uneducated about public education.
Nevada last in ed in the nation. if you vote yes for her, you are a sellout.
Say NO to Betsy.  She's not the answer, she's not what our children need.
NO a thousand times NO! She lacks even basic knowledge of the position!
41519 kids with disabilities in NV need a no vote on DeVos
When will you meet with the people you represent to explain yourself? It is your obligation to represent our wants not her's.
How will "choice" improve rural NV schools? Still time to join Murkowski and Collins. #BetsyDeVos #No
Name 1 thing she's done in the PUBLIC school system. Bet she educated Trump on Frederick Douglass too #DeVosvote
Dean do your schools have problems with bears too? Maybe listen to your constituents and vote no...
How much money did they give you for your vote?
Please vote no on her confirmation! She lacks the experience and knowledge to lead our schools forward
this mom of a special education child say #noDeVos  I know more about growth and proficiency than @BetsyDeVos
HUGE mistake , confirming her shows you care nothing about our youth & that cabinet positions are for sale!
as your constituent, a teacher, and mom of a special needs kid in public school, please please vote no on DeVos.
Did you discuss this: https://thenevadaindependent.com/article/devos-touted … #DeVosvote I'm sure she's a pleasant person, just not a Sec of Ed
Disgraceful! Your constituents have said a huge NO to Devos- but the money from her foundation bought ur vote
how are you using data to inform your strategy to increase parent engagement in your schools?
I have some great resources on family-school partnerships. Here's one: @karen_mapp
@BetsyDeVos  It appears school choice hasn't helped NV kids. http://theatln.tc/2kYGVxN 
Eli Broad wants a no vote on DeVos.  Please listen to him and your constituents.
@TheNVIndy @BetsyDeVos Which means you'll be voting "no," right?
#SELLOUT2GOPAGENDA
http://www.heller.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=pressreleases&id=EF101523-5C29-499D-A821-2ACA0F4162E5 …
she is NOT qualified. This is not a difficult thing to understand. Severely disappointed.
Please don't throw NV kids under the bus!
she doesn't have what it takes! She's never been in the classroom or understand how to support our teachers!
Not a shocking move by you. You continue to do little for Nevada on the education front and this will continue it
PLEASE VOTE NO for the sake of our children in public school!
A vote for DeVos means only 2 more Chili feeds Senator :(
How much is your vote worth in DeVos family Republican contributions? Hope it's enough for a comfortable retirement in 2018!
Vote NO ON DEVOS OR YOU WILL GO DOWN WITH HER ON HER SINKING SHIP
Do they have "Grizzlies" in the Smith Valley? Will Betsy give the schools guns and bibles for protection? Winning for Nevada!
Lisa Murkowski has balls, you left yours in Smith Valley. Stand up and do the right thing, vote no, or get voted out 2018
How big was that check she wrote out for you?
Does she plan to approve plagiarism as a writing strategy? Vote NO!
She might know how to talk to parents, but she has no idea how to improve public schools. Vote NO!

Michigander here, we didn't want her still don't! You will be a disgrace to your party if you vote Yes!!
Don not vote for this fraud. She knows nothing of education. Do you?
very disappointing. You will lose in 2018.
vote no zip89511
Your disregard and ignorance re:public schools and the mandate for special education will virtually kill pub ed!
please vote NO to Betsy DeVos - she is unqualified!!!
You still have time to do the right thing and vote NO. Prove you can't be bought. We won't forget in 2018.
you are a sell out. It is clear she is unqualified and that the majority of parents oppose her confirmation.
, @BetsyDeVos is completely unqualified. By voting for her you show your true colors. The popular vote is watching #StopDeVos
As a school administrator, I am more qualified. Betsy DeVos is NOT qualified to run our nation's schools.
Growth vs proficiency, IDEA, guns on campus, plagiarism are fundamentals. #DumpDevos she is unqualified. We deserve better.
Dean Heller was bought & paid for. Hates Nevada children by supporting the incompetent plagiarist Betsy DeVos.
It is called 'public' education for a reason.  Dump DeVos.
We don't want @BetsyDeVos - and your constitutents won't want you if you confirm her.
she destroyed Michigan. Good luck to the rest of the country.
you cant vote to confirm @BetsyDeVos is wrong for Nevada & wrong for America. Plus you'll lose a big GOP donor. #2018election
Great things begin with dialogue. Excited to what is to come!
is incredibly unqualified!! As a Nevadan, you can bet that I will do everything I can to see you lose in 2018!
I will not vote for you if you vote yes for DeVos. You know the GOP can do better. Don't sell the children out.
Have backbone. What did she promise you?
Not for Nevada. Your constituents wouldn't hire her as a superintendent. Vote NO!
You are a fool..I'm going to donate every single penny I can to get you unelected.. You sold out...
Heller is spineless--gone in 2018
I urge you to vote No on DeVos. We need a Ed. Sec. who is committed to student success in all our schools.
no she's not qualified for public education do your constituents a favor and vote no Senator!
from NV zip 89460, 30 years teaching, she will not be the right choice for Nv schools, please vote NO!
Supporting her nomination shows you are unfit to represent NV. Voters will remember you cowering to Trump's will.
What did you talk about?  Wrestle Mania?  She knows nothing about Education.  Vote No on DeVos. My zip is 89506
look at how many of us asked you to vote no. #noDevos
Did you discuss her involvement in the pseudo science centers that are milking desperate families?
VOTE NO! Why would you want an educational system that will alienate your/our kids from the world?
very disappointed giving ur support for woman so unqualified.
Parental engagement is a dog whistle for "less resources"
Do not vote in the affirmative for @BetsyDeVos. Her only qualification is the amount she has donated. #VoteNO #NoDeVos
you will not be Nevada's senator next term. I will march to make sure of it.
you seem to believe any and all this crap
Very sad to see you will be supporting DeVos. This is horrible for our schools and students
no Please!, So unqualified. Confirming her would show how little GOP cares about teachers, schools and students #nodevos
Pls do NOT support Devos as Sec Ed - Total lack of knowledge (and I am even Rep charter supporter!)
please vote no Senator!!
Seems as though you sold out.
saying she will improve schools and actually being able to are two completely different things #NoonDeVos
Support your party & President Trump's choice BETSY DEVOS -Secy of Education VOTE YES for her confirmation!
Senator Heller, Nevadans are counting on you to vote against DeVos. Please do the right thing.
she thinks the biggest threat to schools is bears
Most of yur constituents want a NO vote on DeVos. U will get re-elected if U vote NO w/Collins/Murkowski. Listen to us please
it's not too late to do the right thing for Nevada's students.  #VoteNoDevos
As a teacher, I have to be highly qualified, so should Betsy. She has zero experience! Sad. You're fired in 2018!
It's not too late to change your mind. Our kids are depending on you.
I think you just lost your reelection bid
Looking forward to showing you the door with my vote after this decision. Our kids must come first.
You have proven to be no more than a puppet for your party. And to use your wife as an excuse is about as slimy as it gets.
Please vote no in the interest of children with disabilities!  She's not qualified!!!
