What a bullshit reason to confirm Gorsuch. He skis and fly fishes? Also, Heller is lying about Nevadans clamoring for Gorsuch.
Gorsuch does not share my values, which extend far deeper than just 'fly fishing or skiing'. Heller is OUT in 2018.
@SenDeanHeller doesn't share the values of the "overwhelming" majority of NV voters.  He's a Trump flunkie.
keeps forgetting NV went blue in November
Bang, bang, bang, another nail in your political coffin.  Nevada is Not in favor of Gotsuch .  I cant believe your audacity
Hmm, a blatant lie regarding your constituents support for Gorsuch...a play right out of trump's dirty book. Shameful & disappointing.
The president is under active FBI and congressional investigations for campaign collusion with foreign adversary. Let's clear that up 1st
Garland was excellent candidate. Now multiple federal investigations into presidents campaign and executive branch. Check & balance more.
Just another reason we will vote you out!
You always vote the party line.  That should be your explanation.
Here's why I am not voting for you in your next election. #gorsuch
You shouldn't be able to vote for a Supreme Court nominee in your last year in office.  Mitch McConnell said so...
Excellent point
Because your excited to steal from the American citizens #MerrickGarland waited 293 days and you obstructed 100% COMPLICIT
Overwhelming consensus? I see you've joined the alternative facts bandwagon. #HellerOutin2018
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
The RIGHT THING TO DO is not push a vote on a #SCOTUS nominated by a #POTUS facing a federal investigation for crimes against U.S. Why rush?
.@SenDeanHeller Overwhelming consensus huh? Dean I'd respect you more if you just did what we know you're gonna do without lying about it
And that's just one of the reasons that you WILL NOT get reelected!! Your days are numbered!
DO NOT change rules for Gorsuch. You said you'd hold seat open 4yrs if Clinton won so no reason to rush  
@SenDeanHeller @SenateMajLdr @rgj
Overwhelming support of Nevadans  you hang out with, maybe... if you ever had a real town hall, you might have a different perspective.
and it's why we will be voting u out in 2018. Party over country, right? U r out.
I live in Colorado. Convinced Mr. Gorsuch is not right for America but aghast at this "nuclear" option; as destructive as it sounds. Please.
Thank You Senator Heller!! Your integrity is appreciated and will be remembered!! #confirmgorsuch
You are easily snowed.
You're thinking only of yourself & your position in the Rep. Party . It was a mistake to think you would be good for Nevada or Women.
Good man!
And why I'm voting you out in 2018.
Seriously Heller? We must not have watched the same hearings or perhaps you only listened to his answers to Republicans? 
NO, NO, NO ,NO!!!!
U R gone in midterms! All ur confirmation votes had NOTHING 2 do w what ur constituents supported, U R a GOP lackey. #HellerOUT2018
This is appalling. Scalia's values are the problem. And "geographic diversity?"  Are you friggin serious?
That's unfortunate
#StolenSeat vote on Garland first lest you sacrifice the legitimacy of SCOTUS for a generation!
Reading these responses, it would appear your constituents do not agree. Visit the spine center next door to your LV office
Bad call don't do it.
Keep up the good work Senator Heller - to have the Socialists this upset, you must be doing something right!
NO on Gorsuch!!!!
We know why. Because you do not care about your constituents. #nomoreheller #hellerhastogo #votehellerout #hellerisntforus
#gorsuch is illegitimate. Period.
Please give your reasons for not giving Merrick Garland a hearing . Overwhelming consensus from Americans is that you are a hack .
Gorsuch is pro-pollution, anti-clean air he supports corporations over the little guy SHAME on @SenDeanHeller u picked big oil over the ppl
#Gorsuch is qualified for 1 thing: He'll won't overturn Citizens United so you can continue lining your pockets with corporate $$$!
Do you really think the government should be able to ban movies because they criticize politicians?
When I saw Gorsuch let trump hug and kiss his wife I knew he was a turd that would do anything to be a SCJOTUS.

please clearly explain to us why #MerrickGarland was not confirmed.
History books will report Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell as blowing up the Senate turning it into dysfunctional body. Congrats
Never pick a SCOTUS Nominee who has a multi-million dollar ad campaign. #Gorsuch #filibuster
And that's why you'll be voted out. #PurgeTheGOP #NoNuclearOption #TrumpTeamTreason #StopGorsuch #TrumpRussia #IndependentInvestigation
Because you have no principles and only care about corporate interests and your party?
Just, NO. Party over country Heller! Guess that fighting to oppose Yucca Mt. as a nuclear dump is b.s. too, you GOP corporate lackey.
#MerrickGarland should of been given a vote. #Trumprussia investigation, this reflects on you. #VoteDemorat2018 #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I think you need to recognize that the political tide is changing in Nevada and truly represent your State. Vote no, Senator. Please.
We've asked  for #TownHall, but...
I've heard you mention so many times that #Gorsuch likes your boots. If insincere flattery is all it takes to win your vote, NV can do that!
"20 hours of public testimony...answering questions" I watched, he provided very little in way of substantive answers. Sad!
I look forward to ensuring your defeat in 2018 :D
Here's why you are going to be voted out first chance we get, you traitor.  I say that because if you support traitors, you must be one too.
@GOP CHANGE THE NOMINEE, NOT THE RULES! No Nuclear Option! Scotus must have bipartisan support. #NoGorsuch #changethenominee
I'm always really proud of living in NV. We are so diverse, you just embarrassed me.
You'd vote for a Supreme Court Justice nominated by a President being investigated for possible TREASON??  SHAME ON YOU!!
there is no consensus among your constituents to confirm Gorsuch. We oppose it!! But you listen only to your donors. Out 2018
Didn't think you were going to have the courage to finally admit this to your blue state. Kudos for that but my vote not 4 u
And against the environment. How you can rationalize supporting him shows you care more about GOP and big money than your constituents
You are a pawn of the Koch brothers. Gorsuch was hand picked by heritage foundation aka Kochs. Will rule in favor or big bus against women

Merrick Garland
Poor choice, once again.
Nothing you say has any meaning anymore.  You sell your vote to the highest bidder, an embarrassment to the good people of Nevada!
You Have No Honor!
@SenDeanHeller is voting for Gorsuch because @POTUS told him to do so.  Nothing more than a sheep.  Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
@SenateMajLdr @rgj traitor
Thank you, Sen. Dean Heller.  #ConfirmGorsuch  he'll make a great Supreme Court Justice for the USA!!!!!!
Because U respect corporations not people? White men making heathcare decisions about women body and health care?Or just bc  trump said so?
Sadly, U R as big a liar as @POTUS  Must be the party motto, "Lie, lie, lie" History will remember you as a traitor and Karma is a b*tch!
tldr: Dean Heller is a little butt-sucker
You're sick. It's apparent you don't care about the people, you know the ones you are suppose to work for.
Oh we didn't need to know why, we already knew since you are a steady vote for the Trump machine. 2018 is gonna be rough my friend....
"The Graham Rule" states: 60-votes to confirm SCOTUS nominees, which requires participation from both parties.
Midterm elections, your vote here will be remembered by those you've harmed by this vote.
Thank you
Another reason to vote you out when the time comes
Why didn't you meet with Merrill Garland. No precedent for GOP's perfidy!
You wouldn't vote for Garland in Obama's last year, why vote for Gorsuch when Trump is on his way to impeachment? Hypocrite.
his appt was made by a pres under investigation. If you can justify no appts in last year of pres, then this should be same
he will absolutely not be good for Nevadans, what are you talking about? Your statement is bluster. You are bad for Nevadans
Not good for the little guy or your constituents.  VOTE NO!
Merrick Garland.
Sure back up that majority leader Turtle who boasted how proud he was blocking Garland. You're a bunch of corrupt monguls! Dispicable!
As a constituent I request you vote NO on Gorsuch. It's important to remember that you represent us. If not you will be fired!!
Do you have any respect for citizens' rights, or do you only have an interest in siding with corporations?  Not a good voting record, sir.
You're out of a job come 2018. Be prepared to have Nevadans rise up and vote you out.
The majority of Nevadans do not want Gorsuch. You have proved again that you don't care about us, only furthering your agenda
Confirm Merrick Garland, Gorsuch does not make an appropriate SCOTUS
You are not voting in the best interests of your constituents.  You won't even face us in a town hall. You must go.
No! Trump is under investigation, along with most of his staff. If this goes "nuclear" it's all on you Republicans. Never vote for Heller!
Sen., Garland should have seat, but you place party over Const. You are a follower, not a leader.
Not that it matters to you, but you lost one Nevada vote next time your name is on the ballot because you voted for him
Because if you don't you'll be branded a RINO?
Despicable and unfair!  Shame on you!
Heller no more represents the average Nevadan like me than my toe jam... but I agree with appointing Gorsch to court.
This is a stolen seat. You need to do the right thing and vote no
No no no on Gorsuch. Please listen to your constituents! !  Biased religious zealot will not be able to be objective
Why don't you listen to the concerns of your constituents? We have asked you to vote NO on Gorsuch! When will you do what is right for USA?
Merrick Garland would be a much better choice
Why don't you listen to your constituents? We have asked you to vote NO on Gorsuch!
Why don't you give your real reason why you support Gorsuch--Adelson finances you to walk the republican line. As for NV citizens--who cares
DO NOT VOTE ON SC UNTIL RUSSIAGATE IS RESOLVED. SPARE THE USA A BIASED JUSTICE TO BIG  BUSINESS
How can you tell a @GOP Senator is lying?
 
HIS LIPS ARE MOVING!

(Thank you!  I'll be here all week)
How did you all vote for #garland? Oh that's right... you're hypocrites on your last leg. 2018 will be here before you know it.
.....and that is why this will be your last term.
Maybe you can spend 2018 fly fishing and skiing. You won't be busy with anything else.
@SenateMajLdr @rgj  just remember that the majority of your fellow citizens will hate you for it. For a generation to come.
How big was the check from the Mercers and Koch bros? Enough to sell what soul you have left!  Disgraceful
Merrick Garland.
#fakenomination by a #fakepresident Never Forget how the GOP let a traitor take the White House
Great ad for for your 2018 opponent
Math is not @SenDeanHeller subject.  His definition of overwhelming consensus is less than 1% (likes of this tweet.)
You suck and will be voted out in 2018!!
Have a town hall in southern Nevada. Listen to the people!
Garland
The only overwhelming consensus from Nevadans is you need to leave office in 2018.
Heller finds each Nevadan Internet privacy to be worth -.04 cents.  2.1m people divide by $78,000.
Which is your prerogative. WOULD YOU HAVE VOTED FOR GARLAND HAD MCCONNELL ALLOWED HIM TO COME TO A VOTE???
@SenateMajLdr @rgj here's why I don't care... Merrick Garland
Go nuclear and when the Democrats win the Senate in 2019, they will dance on your heads.
Wish you were voting no
Do not waste the nuclear option on #Gorsuch. @SenateDems will filibuster every nominee, so make it count & give us Judge Bill Pryor instead.
Lack of bipartisan support on this means no support from Dems on your agenda
.@JudiciaryDems are demanding information from the Justice Department on pending federal investigations. http://bit.ly/2nngySf 
NO. Until @potus is cleared of any Russian involvement Gorsuch is not viable. I'm from 89128, retired & have time to replace you for y vote
John Roberts & court sent regards to Gorsuch with 8-0 smackdown of his interpretation skills, they don't agree with you and the GOP VOTE NO.
Good keep doing your jobs and help @POTUS keep his promises. The American people won't hold the president accountable if this goes south.
Because he is a trump stooge
Hypocrite!
Dean Heller BANS those on his social media page for disagreeing with him. Even when they are respectful and simply call him out. #OutOfTouch
YOU'RE A RUBBER STAMP that's why!  He REFUSED to meet with Senators Cortez Masto & Duckworth - MISOGYNY unacceptable. *45 #TrumpRussia ties
Dean Heller simply votes with Mitch McConnell most of the time and meets only Nevadans who agree with him, while ignoring the rest of us!
Because ur a Republican??
Heller has to go. He is so out of touch with Nevadans! In January 2019, we'll be celebrating Heller's HOMEcoming in the Silver State!
Only because you are republican I am sure
it would have been easier for you to just say 'b/c mcconnell told me to'
Please confirm Neil gorsuch is guy for the job for Supreme Court
And here's why you will be replaced..... because you're a failure when I comes to acting humanely and that will count against you.
Thank you
@SenateMajLdr @rgj Are you voting to keep the promise to 23,000 miners to lose health care and pension? 27 days! Tick Tock!

Because you love Putin?
Wish you would have held a Town Hall. Gorsuch is a terrible choice, nominated by a man being investigated for treason. Be better than this.
#MerrickGarland
I saw a misprint in your reply "underwhelming" consensus not overwhelming. Very distinct difference.
you're trash.
We don't want you to confirm Gorsuch. #Trumprussia . Investigate now.
Value my vote? I strongly urge you to reconsider this.could be a career ending move. Gambling is legal here, so take that chance if you want
You really trying to pull one over on the Folks of Nevada, they know his name, do you? Say it with me MERRICK GARLAND!
"Overwhelming consensus" only in your echo chamber. #noprobenorobe #dumpheller
