The scene at United Blood Services on Charleston as hundreds wait to donate blood for Las Vegas Strip shooting
MORE→http://bit.ly/2kh8hTP  
Nevadans are pissed you take @NRA money
Really? How about gun control!! Give back your blood money from NRA!!!
Oh you mean the place where you have not had a town hall?  That place you
Gun control moron!  What will it take?  
@WomensMarchLV
You voted against expanding background checks for anyone trying to purchase a firearm at a gun show or online. 59 lost lives are on YOU! 
Who voted against gun control? Joe and Mika read their names http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/who-voted-against-gun-control … #BloodOnYourHands
And we remember that you voted to let the mentally insane buy guns...
@GOP @SenateMajLdr @POTUS @VP
You mean like the blood that was shed last night Sen.Heller,because of your cowardly vote of “NO”to make sure assault rifles and magazines of 10 rounds or more are easier to get then Health Insurance from the GOP HC Bill,which fortunately didn’t have enough votes to pass.

Remember next time when you're asked to show courage to protect the weakest don't cower in the corner.
@SenDeanHeller you hypocrite, you take money from the NRA you are their puppet.  You voted for the law to let this happen!
The blood is on your hands. You always vote for no gun control & you take money from the NRA. You & the GOP are as guilty as the gunman.
did you get your sorry ass in line or just proud of what OTHERS are doing ?
Admirable, indeed. Maybe the next long queue could be to hand their guns in in a nationwide amnesty. Just a thought
No reason for law abiding citizens to turn in legally owned firearms.
there would be if the country woke up to the fact so many people get killed so often because citizens are allowed guns in the first place
What about cars? Countless deaths a year to cars yet we don't restrict them. And they aren't even a constitutional right.
We do restrict cars dumbass. Also, they have to be registered. Also they require mandatory insurance. Voting is a right. We restrict that...
No. You do not get to pretend you care.
Checking out the silent auction at the NRA GALS & GUNS event in Reno. I proudly stand with the #FriendsofTheNRA to protect the #2A 
Blood of the injured & killed ON YOUR HANDS! NO citizen needs automatic rapid fire guns & unlimited ammo - NO ONE! Common sense gun laws NOW
I just wish the other blood involuntarily donated had nothing to do with lack of gun control laws being tightened.
@SenDeanHeller and you stood in line for 6+ hours or just had a photo op?
You should be ashamed of the fact that you serve organizations like the NRA instead of the people of Nevada & you get a fat check every year
If only you weren't such an embarrassment.
Wouldn't it be better to make your gun control laws a little bit more strict instead???
This is a reoccurring nightmare. A lack of leadership from the Hill and a collective mental illness in our society.
did you get in line? NO!!! you are all talk and that will change with the MONEY you have shown you don't care about Nevadans. Healthcare?
Humanity is beautiful and we have very few electeds that are. UR not beautiful
We would be proud of you if you voted for gun control. Your constituents shouldn't have to make up for your shortcomings as a senator.
AMEN AMEN
#VegasStrong
Nevada Senator Dean Heller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/10/2/1703332/-Nevada-Senator-Dean-Heller-voted-against-limits-on-magazine-size-assault-weapons-background-checks …
What?!!??          No Kneeling!??
Nevada Senator @SenDeanHeller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks
"Republicans" = gun lobby. If Sandy Hook didn't change your fetish with unfettered gun access, nothing will.
When something bad happen in America everyone comes together, wish it could always be that way for everyone.
If it was up to - you'd screw them out of their healthcare. And they'd be super screwed. NRA is probably paying you off too!
Nevadans r amazin. U vehemently fight 4 gun rights while passionately ripping health ins. from voters riddled w/bullets. That's ur legacy!
Stop tweeting about this #tragedy! You have blood on your hands for voting against #assualtweapons #ban. #Murderer.
Great. How about next time you have to opportunity you ignore the money that the NRA throws at you and you instead protect the people of this state and country and vote for gun control? Thoughts and prayers and hoping it will go away isn't enough. Something needs to be done!
This is perhaps one of the beauty's of the social media age.
Awesome people 
Are you also proud of voting in favour of the law that allowed this to happen?
Tell everyone about your voting record on guns.
ps://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/10/2/1703332/-Nevada-Senator-Dean-Heller-voted-against-limits-on-magazine-size-assault-weapons-backgroun
No thanks to you and the politicians like you that take blood money from the NRA.
Health Care is a right!
This warms my heart so much omg
Americans always to aid others! 
Rethinking your “no” vote to limit automatic weapons and large magazine sizes now?  It’s too late.  Blood on YOUR hands.
@NRA you r bought and paid for ! Carnage is in your hands
god bless them
Love has no color-#GodBlessAmerica #Amen #unity2017 #VegasMassacre #staystronglasvegas #loveoneanother
God Bless the Good People Still Out There 
Wow... this makes me tear up! People helping people no matter the race, religion or political affiliation. Well done LV! #UnitedWeAreStrong
We are a wonderful loving nation. Wish we saw that more, but it doesn’t sell newspapers.
Vegas Strong 
@reviewjournal You should be. But it's likely they wouldn't have to be in this nightmare except for #NRA owned ppl like you.
Perhaps you can consider supporting an assault weapons ban and then Nevadans would be proud of you.
This is on the hands of the gop. The nra owns you and now you own yet another gun tragedy in this country. Shame. Shame on you all.
Are they proud of your voting record #NRA
You're in the pocket of the NRA, Dean. Your craven lack of leadership helped this to happen.
When Americans come together, we can achieve so much
I agree Senator. Can you imagine how much worse this shooting would have been if a silencer was used? Please consider this on gun law legis.
Seriously? Are u incapable of thinking for yourself , or must you say the same thing as @HillaryClinton .. you are a sheep 
you mean the same people you avoided for months while you tried to take their healthcare away?
The same folks who will be lining up block after block on Election Day to vote you and the rest of the NRA-owned politicians out of office
.@SenDeanHeller took in $21,350+++ directly from @NRA & has horrible record on reducing gun violence. 

Urge him to #SendBackTheBloodMoney
So, how does this make you feel now knowing that you voted against gun control? How many ppl have to die b 4 you get it?
Can you please address this issue? NRA $$ to Senators?
We’d like to be proud of u taking leadership & calling for a ban on automatic weapons. I’ve called ur office today. Maybe others will too.
Semi automatic weapons , which this horrific person used, is illegal ... You cannot Ban weapons that military uses . Think for yourself
Average people TAKING ACTION in one of the only ways they know how. You, sir, have the ability to MAKE LAWS to prevent this. USE IT.
That's all good. Now you just need to step up and take some action to help ensure this doesn't happen again. Right?
They won’t because these are the actions and rights of entitled white males. Blood of people are in their hands. Take away automatic guns.

You should be ashamed of yourself
Now it's time to do your part. Gun Control Now.
Unfortunately, Nevadans can’t say the same thing about you.
Proud of our citizens. If only our leaders would take a stand and at least try to prevent these tragedies from happening #guncontrolnow
Gun Control does not prevent illegal guns from still getting purchased.. use your head instead of spewing garbage
I’m not proud of the cowardly US Congress that is too busy sucking the NRA’s cock to enact sensible gun control legislation.
