Does no one on your PR team know how social media works? It's for 2-way communication with publics. Not to brag & grandstand
Why not sit with Educators to discuss our concerns over being bought by DeVos. Voting yes to her & NO to NVs children
oh that's great! And today you lost all hope for re election, thanks to your Devos vote #goodbye
Republicans just sent a big FU to the school children of USA. Even the worst countries don't shit on their own kids.
You voted in DeVos for our kids!?! After an outpouring of No from your constituents.? Our kids deserve better
YOU DIDN'T LISTEN TO YOUR CONSTITUENT'S CONCERNS on #Betsy
too bad you didn't listen to us asking you to protect our children from Devos.  We will remember.
too bad you didn't listen to your constituents concerns about education. Adios in 2018. Follow the money.
police know that education is an important factor when it comes to repeat offenders. Wish you did, too.
Plan your retirement now...we asked you to vote against DeVos and you didn't. #Failure #VoteOut2018
Why haven't you listened to #NV voters re #DeVos? You put #politics ahead of NV kids. #EducationMatters
Sheriff Lombardo is a constitutional #2A sell out! Our working cops do do great work but he's a horrible leader.
For those a few who voted for Devos. 
Your on Re-Election in 2018. Dean Heller
#ShameonYou
You can ignore us now, but you'll hear us loud and clear next year when we vote you out.
shame on you
It's a shame our senator doesn't do as good of job.
I CAN'T WAIT FOR 2018 - bye bye....#DumpDevos
@KOLO8  Haven't gotten you on KOLO yet, but I liked the coverage of you ignoring constituents I got on KOH!
Yes,they do-too bad you don't, Shame on you for voting for DeVos. You need to put our children first, not your pockets
to bad we can't say the same for you. Enjoy your job while you still have one.
you are a spineless joke to not stand up for you fellow Nevadans by voting no for the confirmation of @BetsyDeVos.
can't say the same about you.
Awesome! Instead of photo-ops. U could fix your D.C. Phone line 2 hear all of our calls urging u to Vote NO on Devos
it was off line. Tried all 3 numbers the DC line wasn't on. He doesn't represent us he works for the GOP
Too bad you don't #ExplainYourVotes #SellOut #CountryBeforeParty
perhaps make them pay their own PRES contributions?
You failed to listen to the concerns of Nevadans & voted for Betsy DeVos. Is Jeff Sessions next? Listen to your constituents!
Trump enabler. Liar.
Wow.
NOT ONE SINGLE PERSON defending you or your reprehensible vote. Your political career is over. Over. #HellerToPay
Perhaps you should use those same listening skills for the people of Nevada Dean!
you should have listened to your constituents about not approving DeVos today. You are out in 2018!
I just gave a big donation to NVDems to help get you out in 2018
A vote against children and for a person who paid for their position? Privatizing education to enrich the already wealthy...
NV police are the best! I have nothing but respect.  Our senior Senator, not so much.
can't wait to vote you out of office. Stop pretending you're speaking for Nevada
@BetsyDeVos Public education is the key to preventing children from becoming a law enforcement and public safety issue
I will be campaigning for your opponent.
I am very disappointed that you did not listen to the people and voted for DeVos.
I wish you would have listened to the concerns Nevadans had about DeVos. 2018 can't come soon enough, can't wait to vote!
Did you ignore the sheriff's words too? You ignored the voice of your constituents, urging you to vote no to DeVos.
Terrific vote today.  Thank you so much.  She is exactly what we need.  Keep up the good work.
I wish you'd sit down with the citizens of NV to fix the fact NV is last in education.
today you voted against children in our school system. No back bone whatsoever. How much did they buy you for?
enjoy your two years. We are voting you out
Corrupt scum. Boot-licking toady. #AnybodyButHeller2018
what you should been doing is voting against DeVos.
just so you know, we warned you. #VoteHellerOut
Obviously you did not care about your constituents' opinions about Betsy Devos nor used your own common sense.
my husband is a CCSD public school teacher. Disappointed by your support of DeVos. Can't wait until you're out in 2018 
Bye, Felicia!
who did you meet with before your vote on Betsy DeVos?
Today you betrayed the people of NV. It will be our job to make sure you never represent Nevadans again.
you should have been doing your job representing your constituents in #Nevada.  But you weren't.  So we won't in 2018.
Sad day for Nev. Money and power comes before children....NOT.   Out in 2018
today you lost in 2018 we  will remember!!
maybe you could chat about Las Vegas' record number of homicides since Lombardo assumed office in 2014 - do your job!
I know teachers that voted for Trump who dont even agree with this pick.
You suck so bad.
When are you going to sit with your constituents? Do you ever come back to NV and meet with real people #2018
He will be here Feb.17 at LCC
maybe you need to sit down with teachers and parents in regards to education
we will all remember you vote on the education secretary come 2018.   You let us down for politics
Looking forward to 2018, when your ass is out the door!!!  You blew it big time, buddy.
- Count your days left in office Dean. I will take part in every single event to get you replaced. You're a shameful human.
Heller you are gone.  Betsy DeVos is not qualified, shame on you
Today you betrayed Nevada &our children voting for DeVos. Her billions bought the GOP&cabinet seat
that pic is going to look spectacular in your hallway at home when we vote you out of office in a few years!
Disappointed in you, Dean Heller. Vote for DeVos SHOWS you put your wallet before the people. NO other reason to support her.
I've lost any faith in you. You've lost my vote.
I know many Nevadans asked you to listen and represent us on Devos? Yet you didn't. You have lost many voters today.
Today you should have voted no on DeVos. You let your constituents down, as well as America's childten.
Today you voted for DeVos. You voted for money over the future of our children. Absolutely shameful. #DumpDevos
Maybe they will hire you in 2018!
And then you paved the way for public education to be dismantled for profit by your rich friends.
u will have no job next year!! At least your golf game will be improving!! Spineless!!
This will be your Waterloo moment Dean, 2018 will be here soon. For profit schools will be the demise of DeVos and U.#ByeBye
'18 vote OUT PAY4PLAY HELLER who put education in NV at risk & didn't listen to constituents. #DeVosvote NO HELLER '18
Ask them if they're hiring in 2018 because you're going to be looking for work.
Too bad you did not listen to your constituents re. #DeVos.
#socalledsenator. Way to let #NV down by not standing up for #NV education. #dumpdean
don't get comfortable. You will be voted out.
Imagine that… listening to concerns… Too bad you didn’t listen to Nevadans’ concerns about DeVos.
@Jeffflake Too bad you don't listen to your voters. #Shame Will remember your #DeVosvote Just remember #2018isComing #resist
#VoteHellerOut2018 Bye.
Party over country once again. We will remember in '18. #resist
how about a Town Hall to explain your vote for DeVos!
maybe just answer your phone or respond to an email- @SenDeanHeller is cowardly and a trump puppet
In a stunning (and completely unpredictable) development - all 3 of his numbers are magically working again.
you ignored your constituents and sold out their children today. You will pay with your seat in your next election.
why didn't you listen to the concerns of constituents re: DeVos?  She will ruin Public Ed and you could've stopped it.
why do you think America needs an education secretary with no public education experience!? You will be replaced!
today you lost my vote in 18. #NoonDeVos
Dean, get that resume ready, you'll need it after Election Day in 2018.
I’m sure he’s pumped for his new job in the DeVos foundation.
I support our law enforcement. You on the other hand...

today you let down all of Nevada children with your despicable vote for @BetsyDeVos for education We will not forget
But you won't back them if it means going against Trump you are a sell out You should be ashamed represent no one!
obviously u don't listen to anything anyone says, u don't care about las vegas, u don't care about Nevada #votethemout
you will be replaced!! No on Donald's swamp!!! #PeoplePower
You know who make great cops? Well educated children.  You just voted against educating our children.
.@SenDeanHeller @LVMPD Smile while you can. You are out next year.
