.@SenDeanHeller I will do everything in my power, I will fund raise, and knock on every door to ensure you NEVER represent nevada again.
Happy to join you!
the more the merrier!
Par-tay!  haha

this sounds like a rocking party
Join in on the fun!
I'll bring the Mountain Dew
.@SenDeanHeller  Why resist Devos so hard? Maybe she's the worst. Maybe educating the next generation is the most important. Maybe both.
Good luck in 2018.  You're going to need it.
Say good-bye to your Senate seat.  Your vote for DeVos is a vote against rural #Nevada.  Rural is your bread and butter.

how could #DeVos have a clue about rural schools? Answer. #grizzlies
she doesn't have a clue PERIOD
maybe the grizzlies know more about public schools than she does. #SaveTheGrizzlyBears
That statement is so WEAK.  Blame the Govern for your opinion.  Confirmation is your job, not his.  Get a new job please.
Do the decent thing & vote against Devos. Earn the respect of your constituents or enjoy your one & only term in the Senate.
please reconsider. Americans deserve higher bar of qualification for educating our future workforce and leaders. #NoOnDevos
DON'T BE A BAD HOMBRE! Don't vote to confirm DeVos! You know she's not qualified! She is a terrible choice for this position!
This is a shame.
Buh-bye.
our state needs more help not less.
, if you don't remember, NV has a huge teacher shortage! Encourage teachers to come to OUR state! #VoteNoDevos #haveourback
As a Nevada Voter/Teacher Please vote NO on DeVos.
today you fail the public school children and teachers of Nevada.  I will work to replace you.
Disappointed for the response of senator Heller on health care bill.
I'm Voting No on Dean Heller in his re elections.
Shameful! I'll be sure to donate all I can to your next opponent. Can't wait to get you out of office.
Please Senator Heller Vote NO on DeVos for the sake if ALL children! Constituents are watching!
Good luck winning in 2018! You certainly won't get any help from me!
#remember2018elections
This is a mistake! Risking your political life with this vote but more importantly, the education of children throughout US!
, DeVos knows NOTHING about education. She doesn't even say the right things. PLEASE do not support her. #VoteNoDevos
Because you put #partybeforepeople when voting for #Devos, you will not be getting my vote come election time. #DTS
It's a service, not a career.  Your pathetic and weak vote for DeVos has confirmed to me that you're fired in 2018.
you are done in Nevada politics I will knock on every door in Reno to make sure you are defeated.
, a vote for DeVos means lost votes for you in 2018. I will work tirelessly for your 2018 opponent if you don't #VoteNoDevos
This is disappointing. This woman is unqualified and will not help my family members who are public school teachers.
education I supposed to be about the children, not the teachers and their union. 

@SenDeanHeller is looking out for the kids.
You apparently thought I was hoping for teacher handouts. No. But understanding of laws, edu, disability? Yes
your comment spoke only to teachers in your family. 
Disability should be addressed by the unions. Kids not involved
I don't know how to connect the dots from leadership->teachers->kids for you. Have a good night.
you work for the people, not the governor! The NV Governor is not the people! #VoteNoDevos
.@SenDeanHeller your constituents and other citizens ask you to vote NO on @BetsyDeVos she's not demonstrated any competency to lead. #2018
boycott his major contributors
Vote NO on DeVos. She's getting the job because of all the money she paid the GOP, period. A Wall St. Win.
Please vote against her nomination. I taught your children at CHS. Please reconsider your vote for her.
Please heed the voices across the country pointedly saying how unqualified she is to champion the needs of ALL students!
it would do wonders for this great country if you voted #NoonDeVos. Either way your vote will be remembered.
Your vote for her was a vote against the children of Nevada. Nevada voted you in as a conservative voice--not a GOP yes man.
I called your office to voice  displeasure in #devos. Disappointing.  She is an enemy of public education.
.@SenDeanHeller Guess what? I'm your constituent & next election I'm NOT supporting you. Enjoy your next few years. #VoteNoOnHeller
Did you vote for him last time? Well?
There’s a lot of new voters ready to #TakeHellerOut this election.
Working my ass off to get you out in 18.
I will do everything I possibly can to make sure you lose your seat in 2018! You are making us less safe & selling us out!
.@akabeth10 @SenDeanHeller Nevada education is already terrible. DeVos will make it even worse. Vote out @SenDeanHeller!
so disappointed in your decision to support #BetsyDeVos Wish you would've stood up for Nevada by voting NO to #blockbetsy
as the husband of a teacher you should KNOW #DeVos is the wrong choice. She is not qualified, has no knowledge of curriculum
"DeVos isn’t...an expert in pedagogy or curriculum or school governance..she has no relevant credentials or experience"
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/12/08/a-sobering-look-at-what-betsy-devos-did-to-education-in-michigan-and-what-she-might-do-as-secretary-of-education/?utm_term=.6841bb9505a6 …
Shame on you.  You're playing partisan politics. You don't care about NV
Whats the financial stake in that position? Clearly isn't a decision based on her qualifications.
NO on DeVos!!!!!
She isn't qualified, it's that simple. Do the right thing for Nevada and vote against her.
get the Koch outta your mouth and vote no on #DeVos
Dean Heller thinks protection from grizzly bear attacks is what our children need. They need a competent experienced educator
Please reconsider supporting DeVos. NV schools need someone who understands frontier/rural issues.
Vote no. For the sake of our children. Vote no.
If she was not able 2 'enlighten' U with her total lack of experience, U don't deserve 2 represent D children in your state.
for the love of American children, vote NO on the ridiculously unqualified Betsy DeVos!! #swingstate #2018
I'm a Republican voter - I am requesting you to 
vote AGAINST Betsy DeVoss
You have an opportunity tomorrow to do the right thing, NV is counting on you, the country is counting on you, vote NO
Her statements are not credible. She will decimate public schools. Sen. H, be the hero & vote no.
Devos is an ideologue not an educator. She has never taught a class or attended a public school..terrible choice Senator!
Senator Heller, you're time in Hell is just beginning.
primary his ass.
is it an apology?
you're done. And for being a coward. Worst way to go out.
you need to change your vote on her, please consider our kids she is NOT qualified for the job! Your reelection is in peril!
Please vote NO on DeVos.  This person is NOT the best qualified for this important position!!
No, just NO! Her outlook on public education would be HORRIBLE for Nevada.
I will make sure to not vote for you in 2018 if you vote for Devos.
VOTE No on DeVos - Nevada says no.
Not too late to vote no on DeVos. Moms are watching and we vote bigly! #noDevos
- Senator, your "Party Before Country" stance will not be forgotten or forgiven. Please vote #NotoDeVos and earn our respect
say bye bye.
You're receiving more opposition than support. So let's see if you actually listen to the people you represent. #NotoDeVos
I will be making a weekly visit to your office to voice my concerns. #NotoDeVos
This is a mistake. Please vote no on the appointment of DeVos. She is a threat to our public education system across America.
But Betsy DeVos is totally unconcerned with improving our nations school system.  Why you turn your back on Nevada's kids?
Please reverse. She is totally unfit to lead the department so critical to AMERICA'S PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
You are selling out America's children. An act of cowardice. This will be used by your next opponent to defeat you!
There is no way Devos gets this job on her merits (she has none). If  your vote is based on wisdom then u clearly have none.
.@SenDeanHeller I'm sure u have a nice family. So do we. Please vote no on DeVos. Americans need someone "proficient" leading our education.
DeVos does not understand education, period. Bad for America's future, education, students.
- voting for a woman who couldn't say if children with disabilities deserve all the same rights as those without? SHAME!!!
- SELL OUT! Enjoy your time in the senate Dean.
PLEASE reconsider!  Talk to an educator. Talk to parents. Her ed philosophy will hurt the children who need public ed most!
if you vote for her I will NOT vote for you in 2018!
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. And please encourage your honorable colleagues to vote no as well. Thank you.
DeVos should never have been nominated. Not qualified. Doesn't think students with disabilities deserve equal edu. Vote No.
This is a mistake, and it's going to cost you your seat in 2018.
You are not voting for Nevada. Your phone is ringing off the hook, voicemail broken.  Does a single caller support DeVos?
Please change your mind. She didn't know IDEA &  http://Fed.fund . Should be equal to all private & public schools
You should investiagate her more and ask yourself is this the person I want to run our children's education programs.
Coming after you in 2018!
This is very disappointing & shameful. Clearly Betsy DeVos is unqualified and her ignorance of education law is disgraceful.
Please vote no on Du Vos. As a public educator, I see she is dangerous to public schools due to inexperience. PLEASE, NO.
You might want to take a deeper look at her qualifications.... and remember #WeVote and #WeNeverForget
Please save our education and vote against Betsy De Vos. An ignorant person cannot be in charge of education #noDeVos
I am excited to donate to your future adversary given this display of poor judgement.  #2018election
On November 6, 2018, the people of Nevada will remember whether you listened to us or not. VOTE NO on #BetsyDeVos
you know this is B.S., right?  She wants to destroy public education.  I urge you to reconsider.  Think about our children!
You say you are getting overwhelmed with calls but still are voting for DeVos? What kind of representative are you?
how can she support teachers if she has never taught. Knows nothing about IDEA law. Do what's right for all not just party
Your wife is a teacher and your constituents are saying NO to DeVos
Please reconsider. She is the most inexperienced and unprepared nominee in US history. Your vote will be remembered in 2018.
Please Please change your mind!
I am a SAHM and an autism mom.  I am begging you to please vote no on Betsy DeVos.
Nevada children deserve better than Betsy Devos.. please reconsider your vote on this unqualified person.
As one of your constituents, disgraceful. But apparently her $ matters more than us because that is her ONLY qualification.
you just cost yourself re-election. So very sad.
Thank you for supporting  DeVos
big sign, small, dismal, uninviting, austere office. Matches the value of DeVos for SOE. #midterm2018 will not be good 4 You.
virtually NO record on Education. NV is one of the worst states on education. You are delusional if you think DeVos has ans.
@BetsyDeVos you won't be Senator for long if you vote for somene as unqualified at Devos


statement has no substance. Why is she qualified for this other than the 100s million$ her family has pumped into the party?
Her only interest in schools is funneling tax money to religious schools so rich people can pay a little less.
"Due to her commitment to improve our nation’s school system" - is this *honestly* what anyone believes DeVos wants to do?
1/2 Disgraceful! She can't even tell you the basic difference between growth and proficiency and she's qualified to oversee
support NV's public school system & vote against DeVos or lose your 2018 senate re-election. 
#NOtoincompetentDevos
I hear the vote is not until Tuesday. Reconsider your decision and stand with MILLIONS or worried educators.
Very upsetting. I will not be voting for you in 2018.
Having Betsy DeVos run the Dept of Ed would be like having a brain surgeon run HUD... No, wait... ANOTHER BAD PICK!
If you vote for her don’t ever come back to Nevada and say you support public education, because you don’t.
Does not make sense. She has demonstrated that she knows NOTHING about education. Only wants to avoid contact with public.
Dean, you are up for election in 2018. If you vote for DeVos, count millions that supported you to vote against you in 1.5 yr
I will no longer be able to vote for you based on this decision.
Your constituents saw the circus that was her confirmation hearing, and know how unqualified she is. Represent us Mr. Heller.
it's amazing how our Congress doesn't listen to the people anymore.  She's unqualified.  Plutocrat.
Vote no on DeVos. Her nomination will harm our already poor (ranked last) public ed system. Do the right thing for Nevadans!
What a truly foolish decision you have made; going against the wishes of your constituents is a direct path to getting fired.
My statement on you: I will do EVERYTHING in my power to work against your re-election in 2018!
we implore you, please, do what your colleagues in SC wouldn't and oppose DeVos! We will support you in your primary!
"She is qualified".  Said no one who is aware of her history or listened to her Senate testimony.
your cowardice will be remembered #2018election
- it's not to late to use critical thinking and change your mind.  Step outside of the box and THINK!
please see below and reconsider, it is not too late.
You are SO wrong ....your vote is politically motivated.
Keeping Grizzly bears out of or schools!!! Say "No" to bears! #devosisdumb
I think this is a mistake.  For the future of our public schools, our children, and our nation.  Please rethink -
so disappointed!  I thought you were smarter than this!  Makes me question my future votes!
DeVos support is embarrassing and undermines any educational credibility you may have had...do the right thing! #donotconfirm
You are a complete coward! Thousands of children and families will suffer for your actions. I hope it's worth the bribe.
When money talks, you listen? DeVos is a terrible choice.
Horrible decision.
really? 
IF you vote for DeVos dont expect yourself to get re elected in 2018.
Way to ignore your constituents! She doesn't know how to take care of our students, and now, apparently, neither do you! 
the people of Nevada are begging you to say NO to Devos. Hundreds of us can't get through the phone lines.
DeVos' lack of experience within the education system, on all sides, ensures that you will NOT be receiving my vote in 2018.
How much did she "contribute" to your reelection campaign for this statement? #SenatorsEasilyBought #NoIntegrity #VoteOutDean
You need to learn to listen to the people you represent. Can't wait to not vote for you next time!
we will vote you out in 2018 as you do not serve ur state.
listen to ur people in Nevada!!You represent us. We say no to DeVos.  You should vote no.  Youre a sheep following GOPs.r
Please reconsider your support for DV. Listen to your constituents, or face the consequences in 2018.
This decision will hang around your neck. You are not listening to the people. Hope the Governor has a job for you in 2018.
Please NO! Federal funds could help neighborhood schools. DeVos's record shows she wants to destroy neighborhood schools.
I really think you should reconsider your support of Ms DeVos considering Sen. Murkowski's reasoning applies to rural NV too
Disgusting! As a future teacher I'm outraged. #noDevos #noreelection
Please vote against DeVoss to preserve the DOE and stand up for American education.
#DumpDeVos She is simply, NOT QUALIFIED. #WakeUpAmerica
you have contributed to the destruction of so many academic futures. i hope you see the results in your grandchildren one day
very disappointing. Politicians are picking donations over schools and students. shameful!
#Accountability #2018 Vote NO on DeVos or we vote No on you
you should be ashamed of yourself choosing money over children's education. This awful decision will be your legacy - sad
So disappointing. Shocked your wife who is a teacher would support Devos and that you won't think for yourself. #dumpdevos
You lost my vote.
@GovSandoval what backroom deal did you & Sandoval make for this? Does governor want DeVos $ or Trump job in 2019?
Nice how you deflect your decision onto @GovSandoval
please vote no. She is not the right person for this extremely important job.
DeVos does not model someone knowledgeable about education. Her comments re Grizzlies was just bizarre.  Vote #noDevos
She is not qualified! Then again, neither is Agent Orange! This 'government' is the pits! #FlipTheScript2018. You're fired!
Stand up and vote for what you know is right. She is in no way qualified for this job.
when are you up for reelection? DUMP DeVos!
betraying our nations school kids in the name of partisan government - I hope 2018 hits you hard
pretty sure we can find a sec of ed nom. who supports school choice who's not totally incompetent #WhatstheIDEA #VoteNoDeVos
Why do you think that someone with no education experience is qualified to be secretary of education? #RejectDeVos
it's clear that Nevada does not want DeVos. Obviously your wife is not a public educator. You are hurting Nevada students
, Devos represents the movement to make public schools into a for-profit venture. I am tired of the #WarOnTeachers. #Vote No!
end of statement says 20 govs were in favor. #Sarcasm glad u have your constituents best interest in mind
you are not representing your constituency. Unacceptable. #StopDeVos #DumpDevos #NotoDeVos
then let it be known. The people of Nevada will be firing you in 2018.
she may have "great ideas", but she has 0 experience in gov or ed, not to mention her content knowledge is weak. She's DOK1
.@SenDeanHeller This is a BIG mistake. She will destroy an already vulnerable educational system. #NotoDeVos
please vote no! She is not qualified enough!! WE the people need your support! Help elect the right person! She is not it!!
Once more you prove to Nevadans that you don't care in the least about us, our children, or our future.
spineless
U seem independent. Don't fall for platitudes from a suspect surrogate of the founder of "Trump U." Vote your conscience.
she's interested in how much money she can make off our kids. She couldn't care less about the product, just the $$$ #nodevos
Another politician bought and sold.  I shouldn't be surprised, you are a Republican.
Rethink this - make POTUS come up with someone better. Students deserve better than politics as usual.
“Due to her commitment to improve our nation’s school system for all students" were we watching the same hearing?
Please reconsider.  Vote no on #devos. She is clearly unqualified and does not have best interest of public schools in mind.
so glad you base your vote on Sandoval. How about listening to your constituents and represent us?
DeVos is completely unqualified. Wrong decision.
complete coward!
She does not understand IDEA and has zero experience in public education. Vote no!!
Please reconsider your vote. DeVos is unqualified and her appointment would be a detriment to all areas of public education.
JERK
just curious how much the Devos family paid YOU for your vote?
#poorchoiceforeducation
Good statement.
.@SenDeanHeller not a single Nevadan I know supports DeVos. I look forward to 2018 & pledge to donate time and money to getting rid of you
