Oh @SenDeanHeller, this is not going to end well. The racist in pic plastered all over the front pages today, in a pic with our NV senator  https://twitter.com/afterthot_/status/896504318831935489 …
Wow.  The boys just hanging out...
Did you ever wonder why he came to visit you and not Senator Masto? Maybe he feels you and your party are his friends and sympathizers.
Why haven't you condemned Trump's outrageous and offensive comments from today? Show some character and some guts.
Right you don't know him...You are a Senator hanging out with with racist. Makes us wonder about who Dean Heller really is
Lame political fence sitting statements don't work here. Not calling him out by name your words are lies.
In VA why was only one permit for lawful assembly issued for the park that day? why didn't the groups without permits turned away? Racism?
Liar!
Call it what it is then!!! White domestic terrorist!! Not a good look for you when your constituents are already fed up with you!
You may not know or support him. But you may want to look at your own political agenda to see why someone like that supports you.
Very nice words. Put actions behind them by calling for firing of Bannon, Gorka, and Miller.
Hatred & violence is from left wing & BLM. Gen Robert E Lee's statue & others represent our history. U are erasing it.
How is this shameful display by local officials going to be addressed and reconciled to the American public? All involved are responsible!
I don't agree with the ideology of the White Groups that were protesting, but I do support their right to express their grievances in lawful
It's funny how when someone come in the room flick on the lights and see GOP with cockroaches & first thing is said IDK these cockroaches.BS
Come on Dean, you and your colleagues have welcome these types into the GOP for years. It's the only way you won elections. #BloodBrothers

in an anti-protest manner. All three groups ended up in a violent episode with all three showing undeniable racism and negligence on the
You just pal around with terrorists, eh?
Its the newly revitalized Republican Party. Right wing murderers and terrorists. Its YOUR party, dick.
and yet you stay with Trump and the Republicans, so .....sure you condemn it. -_-
Thank you for speaking against the hate.
SPELL IT OUT-- NO HEAD-FAKES TIME...
FYI
GOP leaders are capable - more than anyone else in America - of taking ACTION to deny Trump the power to support white supremacists. 6/
If you want a Senator in Nevada who hasn't cozied up with White Supremacists, check out @RosenforNevada. Website is
She's going to win in a landslide
I think the arrow is aimed at the wrong dude, go left one guy.
Indeed. I didn't make the photo. But it is an error. Heller is still chillin
Will you ask for the resignations of Brannon, Gorka, and Miller? All 3 espouse white nationalism. WH & Reps now associated with this
Why does everyone keep asking for this? You'll still have Donald in the WH & you know he's a white supremacist too.
True - but too much to ask Dean (I'll do anything my mega-donors ask me to) Heller to dump Trump. At least remove some bad influencers
yeah sorry i guess there's no reason for this to be in your senator's mentions!
it just seems like some blame-the-wicked-advisors-instead-of-the-king weirdness. i can't figure where it came from.
No, you can do both. Unfortunately sometimes you have to fry the little fish before u get to the most bigoted one of all.
cc: @IndivisibleLV
You and your party are the party of Hate Bigotry Neo Nazi Alt Right! Proud of Trump and your party?!
manner. Unlike the two groups who showed up with a member of ANTIFA killing a member of BLM with neither of them with a lawful permit to be
.But you haven't condemned Donald Trump I noticed.
Who's responsible for the violence. I bet this group has a name....what could it be??? White Supremacists? Nazis perhaps? Say it!!!!
This student articulated why he went: Our culture & history is being erased by left wing anarchists & idiots like U. Shame!
part of Local Officials reportedly ordering police to stand down and allow it to happen. resulting in one dead female citizens and two cops
Action speaks louder than words. Talk is cheap. Denounce them all. Don't be 45.
You should be ashamed of yourselves, all this hatred and it seems like you followers are the racists! I SMH
Looks like Astrid Silva is manufacturing a phony smear of our Senator No room for that criminal behavior in my neighborhood. I report to DA
Say the fucking word, it isn't so difficult: NAZI
I call bs!
You should also acknowledge that these deplorable racists are,  in virtually every instance, the @GOP 's constituency.
Yep your career is in serious jeopardy !!!
So why do you allow fights in schools if you are against violence
Yer screwed brotha
Would you go as far as to call them terrorists? I certainly would.
Peter Cvjetanovic is his name. Call him by name and condemn his actions
Even though he'll never get my vote, I'm proud of my senator @tedcruz for calling nazi's out.
What is he doing with you in a picture. Everyone is no disassociating when exposed.
If there's no room for it in , what are you doing to stop it?If you aren't working to stop Chump, then you're with them.Back the words up.
Well as a congressman you should pay more attention. No excuse. Just shame.
@SenDeanHeller first shameful you were willing to let millions of Americans lose health insurance and NOW stand by idly complicit w RACISM
RepubliKKKlans.
Says Dean now, let's see what he says after his master speaks.
You support this @SenDeanHeller ??
Explain this Your supporter ACTIVELY FIGHTING in #Charlottesville Shameful White Supremacist
@SenDeanHeller WE SEE U NAZI!
You sure?
@SenDeanHeller @RosenforNevada 
Tell me again, Senator, how you don't know this person or met this person?!
#VoteRosen
#NoBanNoWallNoGOP
If there's no room for it in this country, why does your party attract so many of them? Why aren't YOU doing more to root them out?
Sure you don't know this guy... just like Trump couldn't denounce or condemn these racists for who they are. What has the GOP become...SICK!
You've been supporting an administration that has directly caused this tragedy. You'll only be remembered for your many faults.
Then introduce legislation that reflects that view
I despise heller for what he has failed to do but he is a very good man outside of his poor Senatorial performance.. this is BS
Build a wall! Ban Muslims! - But who knows where the "outrageous" kind of racism and hatred came from. There's only room for the classy kind
Trump has supported bigotry and racism for years- you have been silently approving
You don't know this person, you are just TOTALLY okay with standing with a known anti-semite Neo-Nazi
You push the same sort of divisive hatred.
Your rhetoric is not much different.  Crocodiles tears from you.
Your voting history puts the burden of survival on the most needy & underserved in HEALTHCARE/Education of poor& minorities. Racist elitist?
Good stuff Senator I don't have to troll you now
He's happy to be seen with you!
#BirdsOfAFeather
#cvjetanovic is your supporter from your @unevadareno you foster #whitenationalism. Face it you represent #bigots
didn't you have a picture taken with him?
Call him a white supremacist
Did you accidentally have you pic taken with a nazi? Gee how does that happen?
Might want to consider what about your message and your governance draws white nationalists and nazi to you.
You took meetings & had photo ops with the white supremacist that organized the rally. What is wrong with you & your party? #nazifighters
He represents the influence you inflict, shame on you
@DeanHeller why do you have your arm on his shoulder then? #FOH Are you a white supremacist too?

You associated with racists. It's time for you to resign!
You're a #FascistCollaborator. No getting around it.
But you enjoyed talking with them so much?
Another show on how the GOP &POTUS use white racist for supporters the support the alt right they must have alot of money in your coffers
If you mean it @SenDeanHeller then demand for resignations of Bannon/Miller/Gorka & call out @realDonaldTrump for the evil he is.
Tweet all you want. Your actions eclipse your words.
If you didn't know him you knew someone affiliated with him and I'll assume they share the same ideology. VOTE HELLER OUT!
you are completely done.  resign now.
You're a Republican. You support Donald Trump, an outspoken racist. By doing that, you're as bad as any racist.
Liar.
Looking at your profile, Senator.  Maybe grandkids can now call you "David Duke."
Is there ANYONE who believes you? You CAN judge a person by the company he keeps and WE WON'T FORGET your friendships with Nazis!
We want action not words!  How are you condemning racism & bigotry?
The buck stop at the White House and Alt-Right Steve Bannon. @SenDeanHeller is too spineless to stand up to trump and Bannon. #weak
ur ignorant racist leader has been spewing hate speech 4 years against Muslims, immigrants and women @SenDeanHeller remains a loyalist #sad
You just got called out for your photo op @CNN by @YesYoureRacist. I guess that photo isn't aging well for you. Why is Bannon still in WH?
https://twitter.com/joyannreid/status/897148675956367360 … your in the pic sir
Life comes at you fast. https://twitter.com/yesyoureracist/status/896574405232517120 …
@SenDeanHeller Smiling ear2ear w/the WHITE SUPREMACISTS isn't a good look for someone who is up for re-election soon.@NBCNews @jaketapper
@DeanHeller ur support of trumps hate speech is the reason for Charville' u have been too spineless tospeak out against trump- you own this
he and his type vote for you.
You are pictured with white supremacist.  How deep does this cancer go?
I think I'm going to alert my father
I've seen several photos of him and you
Oh but I think you do you know him senator
Funny how once you cockroach Nazis are identified, you try and scurry.
Yet you appear, all smiles, in a picture with him.

Maybe you need to take a look at yourself as to why they would enjoy you and your policies
The pics say otherwise
@DeanHeller you have bought his entire agenda, your tweet does nothing- you have been silent about prez hate speech- #loser
@DeanHeller has turned away and is silent when the president attacks women, Muslims, and even his own party. Heller silently supports hate
Trump supporters like @DeanHeller is to blame for being silent against ignorance, hate speech, and vulgar language from trump #weak
It's not a person, it's a sick and twisted movement. Take actions to denounce it! #youworkforus #enoughhate
The Hate from GOP against Muslims, immigrants; and people of color has been silently approved by @DeanHeller
@DeanHeller @Astrid_NV yet you stand with @POTUS who refused to condemn these fools.  You are who you associate with
Trump and his loyal followers @DeanHeller have been promoting racism and silently standing by #weak
U may not know him but there is something about you that appeals to a Nazi just like @realDonaldTrump. Demand Gorka, Bannon, Miller be fired
Hmm, then why are you posing for a picture with him?
You look pretty comfortable with these Neo Nazis. Waiting for your response, better not be, "I didn't know"

No wonder you voted to repeal Obamacare.  It all makes sense now  Birds of a feather......
Grandkids call him Duke, is that short for David Duke?

I saw a photo of you with one of the white supremacist! You know them. Guess they are your friends!

You seem to be pretty happy handing with him in the picture. Was it photoshopped?
You lie!
Yeah, okay. #BuhBye #Racist
These people found refuge and commonality with your party. Own that, Senator.

Annnnd here's a photo of Peter Cvjetanovic (angry torch guy) with U.S. Sen. @DeanHeller (via @BattleBornProg) #GoodNightAltRight 
#GoodTimes huh? #Pussy
What about condemning lack of respect for our Constitution & police unable to keep peace due to political agendas of City/State officials?
Face the fact that Republicans cynically called upon the support of Nazi scum, rallied hate and xenophobia, as a means to your childish ends
Looks like you're buds with him. But overall, that doesn't matter. What matters is your party is addicted to the support of these animals.
Deny, Deny,Deny. Even if it's on film.Deny.Sounds familiar. Trayvon, Tamir, Walter Scott etc.
We KKK got to stick together Dean! #whitepower #gop #maga
No room left in Nevada for white supremacist enablers like Dean Heller.
Senator Dean Heller condemned the horrific TrumpCare bill, too... until he voted for it.

 #DeedsNotWords


If you don't know him, why would you smilingly pose with him? When you associate with white supremacists you become as dirty as they are.

Annnnd here's a photo of Peter Cvjetanovic (angry torch guy) with U.S. Sen. @DeanHeller (via @BattleBornProg) #GoodNightAltRight 
Your right, now put your money where your mouth is about the bigotry in the White House!
This should be your new pinned tweet Senator. Not fear mongering about the left coming for yer guns.
Why should we believe you? You flipped on healthcare because you're Trump's puppet
With all respect Senator, we've seen ample evidence of you personally saying one thing, only to immediately show evidence to the contrary...
So how about this time you DO SOMETHING about it? Criticize the president publicly or call for Bannon to resign, then we will believe you.
Otherwise you are JUST a lap dog, like you were in HC debate, sitting at his side like a 'good boy'.. & still got you a primary opponent 
He is on the far right
You support the Grand Wizard (aka Trump) & you now are in a photo with the most recognizable face from the horrific weekend - no re-election
Time to raise your voice and pressure your dear leader to fire gorka, Miller, and Bannon.
Hmm...........maybe you should have done your homework before proudly posing in pic with a white supremacist.  Busted!!
Yet the Republican Party ROUTINELY tacitly endorses racist practices and elected officials - #resist
Liar
You aligned yourself with the POTUS, who does not condemn racism but actually encourages and inspires it, and now this photo.
Yet, you took a photo with him. You are an associate of a known racist. Until you condemn this hateful administration, you are the problem.
By association you are 
..#WhiteNationalist
Bigot
If there is no room in the country for it support impeachment of our racist president right now
bruh thats your mans
You are a fucking racist Heller! I hope that you go down in a flame with the other KKK members! Start writing your farewell speech!
what are the racists attracted to you like flies on...well, you know
Hmmm so you don't know him yet you are pictured with him..well now!!!
Radical. Christian. Extremist. Senator.
Whether you claim to know him personally or not, the point is that he supports your Same cause. #MAGA
You disgrace America with your politics "Duke"
but the question is, why do nazis and racists support you and your agenda @SenDeanHeller ?
you were quoted in a story by @BBC
You belong to a party headed by a man who literally will not condemn neo-Nazism. What does that make you?
Why won't you explicitly condemn Nazis and white nationalists?

A picture is worth a thousand words....
Yeah, heard you condemn racism, hate, etc.  Will you condemn white supremacist?
Time for people to vote you out. Spread the word and get anyone associated with these nazis out of office.
@DeanHeller @Astrid_NV I wonder for what reason nazis would support a particular candidate?...hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
@DeanHeller @Astrid_NV he's your supporter, white nationalists SUPPORT you, your ideals align with THE WHITE NATIONALISTS.
Explain why you are in the picture with known racist Peter Cvjetanovic then.
Prove you are against racism and white supremacy by calling for the impeachment of Trump.
