The Republican Party is a bunch of dictators and you choose to side with them.  Have fun this term because We are voting you out!!!!
You voted away the reproductive freedoms of your daughters & my right to love freely as a gay man. You chose corporate interests over people
I am proud to work against your re-election in 2018.
me too!!

Another reason not to vote for you in 2018. #AnyoneButHellerIn2018
You have once again chosen the Republican party over the best interests of your constituents and your state.
And you will pay
2018 can't come soon enough.  You are done.
Sad
boo!!!
this is not democracy! The Rs changed the rules, for greed. Just wrong!!!
When will you face your constituents and hold a town hall? If you did, you would know we didn't want this confirmation.
He won't hold a Town Hall meeting because he doesn't care what his constituents want.  So long as he satisfies his cronies, he's happy.
.@SenDeanHeller only cares about the republican's adjenda.  He does not give a flip about Nevada.  He is scared to face Nevada.
And we will remember, Senator Heller.   We will remember how you and other Republicans stood by and watched this happen. #resist
Yes, we stood for what is right not what your father Lucifer pretends is right.
Shout What? That you're a lunatic?
Yay
Disgusting
So now, if one party holds Pres & the other Senate, absolutely no nominee will be confirmed. This changes everything.
Of course you did. Repeat after me, "corrupt politician."
Merrick Garland was a mainstream nominee who represented Nevadans' values far more than Gorsuch does.
Thank you
Wtf are you talking about?
No one cares about your statement. You don't represent us in NV. You are a coward who can't even face his own  people.
You stole this seat from Obama. You confirmed an extremist hack nominated by a president being investigated for treason. SHAME
You could have shortened your statement to: "I vote how my party tells me to vote."
D'oh!
No town hall?
Yet again you are not representing  your constituents  disappointed!
Never.
Thank you.
Gursuch is an illegitimate judge chosen by as illegitimate president! When will you stand up for our country, sir? How long will you betray?
@SenDeanHeller when's the next town hall senator? #votehellerout
and you are proud of this? Come on Senator how about a live town hall here in Las Vegas?
Why did you waste the time to post this tweet. It's not like you did anything unexpected. #Trumppuppet
Bye  #2018
A sad day when Rep. can't do anything without a simple majority.  Especially on  life time position. # 60 #Weak #2020
you are being replaced soon.
If it was about qualifications then you should've supported Garland. This is partisan 100%.  Nuc Opt is bad for country.
party over country, and especially over NV, again. You're an embarrassment!  Done in '18! #dumpheller #dumptrump
What you fail to demonstrate is your loyalty to the American people over party bias. You will own your decision in #midterm2018. Sellout.
"Thorough vetting"?  He wouldn't even meet with @SenCortezMasto. 
#VoteHellerOut 2018.
and I too am a proud Nevada to work against your re-election in 2018. Your days are numbered in the senate.
Are you proud you had to change the Senate rules to get him through? He, the whole administration, and now you, will always be illegitimate.
Thanks for condemning our democracy to a hostile takeover by corporations. Corruption from within worked out well for the Romans
Nothing I would brag about
I would not be proud of voting for a sexist who supports big corporations over the working man. I am very disappointed in your judgment.
Glad to know you know what's better for me. Didn't realize that because Gorsuch fly fished and likes skiing means he has my western values.
You are everything that is wrong with this administration.
Eroding women's & LGBTQ rights is NOT a Nevadan value: "strict adherence to... Constitution as written"... We went blue in Nov, Sen. Heller
After you listened carefully to your constituents during your town hall meeting? Oh, wait..... #11/6/18byebyeheller 
#trumppuppet
And here is my statement: #EnjoyYourLastTerm
Once again, not listening to your constituents. You will lose in 2018 because you obviously lack common sense and a backbone.
Shame on you Heller, you voted against the wishes of ur constitutes.  4 u it's always party first.  Vote Heller out 2018!
This your last year in the senate.
Disappointed. Republicans used nuclear option.  Held up Garland's SCOTUS.Haven't listened 2 your constituents. 3 strikes u r out - 2018
Partisan hack. Shame on you.
But you wouldn't give Obama's nominee a hearing. GOP is ruining America. That includes you. There's a reason the dark ages were called that.
It's disappointing you represent party over people...sad, Bigly voted out in 2018
Thanks for fucking us
Shame you're not doing a very good job. It's time for you to go.
Not going to give you an At A Boy. Going to work hard to find a electable replacement for you. Corporations are NOT people. Got wrong guy
Thank you for your support.
Way to go, Dean! Thanks for standing up against your haters.
Thank you sir! America NEEDED Mr. Gorsuch. Now libs can't litigate everything for the next 4 years.
You held up Merrick Garland and now have voted party over Country. You are not our Senator.
Really disheartening 
Comment review: more "nays" than "yeas". At this time 10:08pst
Any comments @SenDeanHeller
Oh my god, the shock of the century. Dean voted yes on a don nominee. When will you ever say no dean??  Worthless. #vote2018out
Shame on you Heller.  You won't be reelected..
slow clap. Would you share the percent of your constituents who support this decision? I'll bet you won't.
He will at his next town hall...hahahahah.  Coward will never show his face.
I feel betrayed. First you block Garland for a year, then you steal the seat with the nuclear option. Shameful. Absolutely shameful.
I'm glad to see you openly work against your constituents. Makes 2018 a hell of a lot easier.
Californium transplants go back to the state you ruined don't spread your liberal idiocy in Nevada. sick of seeing our state turn 2 it!
This lifelong true Nevadan thanks you sir!
I see three supportive comments. Far more do not agree. So much for your claimed "overwhelming support"
Very disappointed. You don't represent Nevada.  You represent your party.
I won't be voting for you in 2018. Goodbye!
Nevadans already know you vote where you can get the $$$$. #2Scared2TownHall #Resist #2018VoteHellerOut
Today, I decided NOT to vote for Dean Heller, ever again. He refuses to stand up for the rules, regulations and laws of the United States
Thank you 
Because you're a corporation?
You held up Garland and Obama for a year stealing my rights and vote!.You are DONE in 2018! Going to be an easy seat for moderates to swing
Glad you voted Party Line. You have yet to show any real Republican Ideology and Activism but at least your not openly fighting us.
MISSION FAILURE: US struck base deliberately avoided destroying chem weaps/killing crews. Warned Ru/Sy. Message?.#SyriaStrikes
In other news this week, Trump, Pruitt and I did this...
As if anyone thought you'd do anything different -
Not a good move Senator. We will all remember next year.
Yes cause Liberals vote for Republicans... LMAO
How many phone calls and emails did you get in favor of this? How many opposed? Tell us what kind of feedback you're hearing from us.
62 Million to be exact. Guess you slept thru the election
You really want to count votes? Because you have to know more PEOPLE opposed Gorsuch. Those 45 that voted nay represent more people.
You voted to complete the theft of Garland's seat. YOU DO NOT REPRESENT NEVADA'S VALUES.
Of course you did you partisan hack.  You're McConnell's lapdog.  A shame to Nevada.
Sore loserrrrr!!!!!! Hahahahaha
And #TheResistance will be working hard to vote you out.  Not a good vote as you ignored the majority of your constituents!
Sore loserrrrr!!!! Hahahahaha
Of course you did. You're #Trump's lap dog #DumpDean2018
And your Hillary's
No. Hills lost. We know that. Heller is still going to lose.
