Today, we offer our prayers - from our hearts to heaven. We pray for the people of Las Vegas. #VegasStrong 
Stop praying & pass gun regulations that eliminates instruments of war. Founding Fathers never envisioned an AR-15. NRA owns you! Shameful!
And, then pence raced off to Indianapolis for an idiotic campaign, publicity stunt that America paid for and then flew to LA. ZERO respect!!
Another do nothing moment
VP should be held accountable for wasting tax payers money with his "stunt" at the Colts game today. Telling your press to wait in the van
Your prayers are hollow. Your heart is cold.  Show leadership in gun control. That'll help matters.

words schmerds. Take some action.
Pence performed another eulogy

What a hypocrite
There's an old saying "Useless as tits on a boar!" Exactly what GOP's are. Pence & heller are useless & don't act on gun issues now !
Senator when are you going to lead? When are you going to fight for #NV and stop shilling for your #republican overlords?
Fantastic tweet ! Pence should burn in hell with heller right behind him ! Useless :(
Do you think the 58 who died and hundreds who were injured want prayers or  you to actually do something to prevent these in the future?  If you need a Hint: Ask Gabby Giffords.
I didn't elect you to pray. I elected you to legislate and take action towards sane gun legislation for Nevada.
yes go ahead and pray this issue away, while doing nothing to prevent more killings.
If prayers were going to work, then the tragedy wouldn't have happened in the first place. You on the other hand, are complicit in it.
#PolicyAndChange Outlaw assault rifles return blood money to the NRA.

Prayers alone WON'T FIX THIS PROBLEM!!!! PUT FORTH MORE GUN CONTROL MEASURES! MENTALLY ILL SHOULD NOT HAVE & NO ONE NEEDS THAT MANY GUNS!!!!
Outlaw assault weapons #PolicyAndChange
We want action. Keep your prayers.
#PolicyAndChange Outlaw assault rifles
Why do you believe mentally ill people should have access to guns? Why did you vote to allow that?
Why do mentally ill morons get into WH ?!? Pence & heller go to hell ! You'll have plenty of friends :(
#NotOnePenny. We were in your Reno office yesterday. Maybe someone told you that we came for a visit and it wasn't a Tuesday.
Empty words can't FIX the problem, common sense reforms can, we demand them
Outlaw assault rifles #PolicyAndChange
Kind words mean nothing. Comprehensive Gun Law Reform, however, might mean something. No more prayers. Start legislating. DO SOMETHING.
#PolicyAndChange Outlaw assault rifles
All the butt kissing won't save your job when it time for elections...the people will vote you out
We don’t need any more prayers or gov officials telling us how great we r.We need u all 2 fight for sensible gun laws. Whose city is next?
I can’t wait to vote you out of office. Why were you not at the memorial last night for LAS VEGAS?
We don’t need words. Words won’t save lives. We need ACTION. If you won’t we will elect some who will. Tick tock. 2018

Really sucking the rear end of Trump and Pence is embarrassing even for you
Well someone needs to boost you. You clearly aren't a capable senator or human.
All you can offer is thoughts and prayers but no sensible gun laws because the NRA has all of your balls. Be your man for once.
Oh I think Danny is going to wipe that fraudulent smile right off ur face come '18
DH. The dots r connecting. Hmmm.  Re:Chertoff. Yep!
If prayers worked we wouldn't have any mass shootings.
So not a fan of anything #45, but pence did sound presidential. He is not a hypocrite when he invokes his religion. Now, ban assault rifles
When will you stop being satisfied with Washington’s “prayers and hearts”? We must demand strict gun control laws in multiple arenas.
Why are you afraid to disclose governance to your constituents? 
Most crave honest dialogue 
Are you ashamed? 
Do you benefit from obscurity
Nevada constituents, need answers on so many issues:
Afghanistan, Urban assault weapons, Tax Reform,  Emoluments, hurricane relief 
Presser
#NotOnePenny
Specifically a press release about the tax plan.
Nine fucking pages of suggestions discussed over Merlot in Santa Barbara? 
What else Dean?
#NotOnePenny and health care is coming back from stay of execution.
The 2nd scariest person in DC. Self righteous AF and doing nothing to help anyone but himself #creepy
Yet another Republican offering up politically expedient lip service as #GOP #NRA peddles weapons of mass death for blood $. #VegasStrong
The same #GOP that just threw 9 million poor kids off healthcare (#CHIP) & now seeks to starve them (#SNAP cuts). The party of God? Really?
Blood money are you gonna donate this to the victims? #VoteHellerOut
#Sad, but best question of the day!



Stop protecting weapon that keep killing people. Thus keeps happening and nothing is getting fixed
Urban assault weapons are the cause of the congregation and prayer in Las V. 
Novel idea prevent 10 round clips?
Stop full automatic chqnge
Words and prayers are useless.
#PolicyAndChange
Dean, play Call of Duty, or any first person shooter.
The sporting nature of an urban assault weapons is lost quicklyin virtual reality
When you go back to work, look at what "sporting arms" are
The design of AK, SK, AR, Mac, are multiple rounds a killing field.

@SenDeanHeller sympathy and prayer will not solve the urban assault weapons issue
Hand grenade, Napalm, Nerve gas, all urban assault weapons
#PolicyAndChange
How about those emails? Draining the swamp? Really, how about the  free flights and corruption?
Heller your nose is so far up POTUS' ass.  When you are voted out - you will learn.
ROTFL!  Preach Nina!
#PenceKnew

#Militias were the slavers were the lynchers they used the mob mentality the diffusion of responsibility to justify #WhiteSupremacy 
#MAGA ? 
@SenSuckUp.  Thanks for nothing. @RalstonReports
How about praying for all the poor folks in PR? The poor folks who are going to suffer with higher taxes? The women who can't get BC pills?
@SenSuckUp does it again.  A photo op with VP woman hater Nazi lover, Trump lackey. You are shameful men.  Mueller coming. @WomensMarchLV
Next time your campaign calls me for donations, I'll be sure to pledge thoughts and prayers.
Brilliant,  thoughts and prayers for all!
#IMPEACHTHEPEACH #FAKEPRESIDENT #PUTINSBITCH #PUTINSPUPPET #NOTMYPRESIDENT #LIARINCHIEF #LOCKHIMUP #UNFIT RESIGN TODAY
#dirtydeanheller you are in the mud
Enough words, how about some action Dean?
Outlaw assault rifles #PolicyAndChange

Please stand up to tRUMP. He's tweeting about nuclear war like it's no biggie. He's insane. Stop hom
Prayers are the answer? Praying every day that you hypocrites don't spend one more minute in office. Voted no on gun laws but send prayers!
Please pray for all of us because it appears that @POTUS is going to get us all killed imminently. Wait I had a thought....instead of just praying, why don't you DO SOMETHING?!
More kind words, jeez. We need action! I'm mad as hell about continuous mass murders in our nation. Gun reform now.
How about making the airforce medical supplies and personal avaliable if needed indtead of praying to a cloud.
pray more bc Hurricane Nate makes landfall tonight n Louisiana.More victims of another hurricane,but there is no climate change,right ?
Hurricane victims without health care. Not a good disaster plan
You are complicit,  #resign
You don’t even live here. You don’t get to decide who represents us, or demand their resignation. #California
Policies matter. We send our prayers... but these types of tragedies will continue to occur across this great nation until laws change.
