All of you suck!  You took the land from Palestine.  Palestine should be its own state.
you need to go educate yourself a little bit
I am plenty educated sir!
Not!
it sure can sonny boy!
Shouldn't #israel decide what the capital of israel is? How is this a problem concerning the #US?
The capitol of Israel is Jerusalem. That's the entire reason for moving embassy there.
Restricting funding to embassy security worldwide = using our diplomats' lives for leverage. SHAME
#isis wants #IslamicState & Messianic  zionists wants #Jerusalem as #jewishstate capital .#israel
to b blessed bless Israel,  word of G-D is truth:  Jerusalem needs to b israel capital for Rapture
forgot to mention that ur bill also threatens to withhold security funding for all other embassies
how will you keep all other embassies safe with 50% less funding for security? Just wondering?
You're all religious lunatics aching for Armageddon. You have ZERO business governing the people.
Wording of this bill would put the lives of all diplomats & families (residence security) at risk!
Big mistake. Will start a new war and make things worst- not better.#NV #vote2018
No Country has an embassy there for a very good reason. Remove your bill.
You are senators for specific states in the US -- not Israel, and not beholden to Adelson.
Why is it necessary to cut security funds for US embassies in order to make your political points?
So why are you guys so willing to cut embassy security and put American lives at risk?
you should be primaried for putting at risk US diplomatic personnel.  Shame on you! And you too @SenTedCruz & @SenRubioPress
Not my job to have opinion on the issue, but please don't use $ for my safety in this fight.
Oh lookie another end times religious nut case trying to use government to promote his religion
irresponsible of all 3 of you. Have you learned nothing from Benghazi?
.@SenDeanHeller Crusades 1,000 years ago didn't achieve anything but destruction and neither will they this time.
Are you people TRYING to start a war and get American embassy staff & families killed?
The State of Israel is anti-semitic. murdering Middle easterners to forward their religious agenda
It sounds like you're just patting yourselves on the back & chastising others who want solutions.
How does this further US interests in Middle East??
God bless and keep you for this great move. Jerusalem will forever remain the Israeli capital
how about #SaveACA? any plans to fight for that? Focus on AMERICA!
Is it the business of the US senate to change the capital of Israel?  Can You do that???
While the embassy relocation part I applaud greatly, the "or else" component is horrible!
why do we choose their capital?
Thank you!
WAKE UP AMERICA
God bless you for this great move. From Nigeria I earnestly pray to God to strengthen you. Cheers
That's it. You're toast in the mid-terms.
Blood on your hands when this inevitably leads to a Benghazi-type incident. For politics! Shame!
this is your first act of this congress? 3.6% of NV residents are jews, not all of them want this bill #PaybackToDonors
Thanks for killing Obamacare!  My daughter with a heart problem won't be able to get coverage
Obviously people who want Pals to have Jerusalem as capital do not know history of Israel or Bible
Those people need to read. Jesus Christ will forcibly defend and destroy all who come against it.
@DocWashburn @SenTedCruz @SenRubioPress  Thank you!
Thanks to you all! Patriots in action!
I screenshot this so when our Embassy is attacked we'll know who 2 investigate w/ 33 hearings
good to see you are working hard for the people of Nevada. Smh
aren't embassies typically located in the capital of the host country? Js.
that's none of our fucking business and you have no right to do that.
Congressional Res. on J'lem Isn't Binding and is contrary to International Law
This should do wonders for making a bad situation worse! Trump's "Poke 'em with a Stick" policy
wow, that bill fixes everything! Politicians are so silly.
So, will you get the 80 or so other countries with embassies in Tel Aviv to move to Jerusalem too?
Really?! That's your Day 1 proclamation? Is Bibi going to name Vegas the US Capitol in return?
you are my hero.
Do you three work for Israel? Or the United States? asking for a friend.
who gives a shit..?  Find something more important to work on. Stop pissing everybody off
Your desire for the rapture is clouding your judgment.It is not our business. Get out of it.
You will be blessed for standing with Israel. Thank you
Good job!!
terrific!   Thank you!
Yes! ThankYou! #StandWithIsrael
Thank you all for having Israel's back, unlike the soon-to-be former President
Thank you!
What are you going to do for America?
mmmm yes biggest priority. Way more important than, say, immigration, healthcare, taxes....
The U.S. Embassy needs to be moved to the Capital of Israel, Jerusalem.
but it isn't, and no amount of legal f*ckery can change that. In fact, it'll make everything worse
Thank you dear friends.
what does this really do from a practical perspective?  I love the sentiment, but seriously
Thank you Senator Heller!!!!
@MarcoRubio
Good Job Senators! Strategic
move for #Israel+ #USA
Alongside @SenTedCruz & @SenRubioPress, I reintroduced a bill naming #Jerusalem as the undivided capital of #Israel. http://bit.ly/2i6LrbJ 
Nice to see we still have some politicians who will stand w Israel 
#GodBless
Thank You!
Thank you Senator Heller! You are a true friend to Israel!!    
sure, poke the hornet's nest some more. What's the worst that can happen?
enjoy your term, it's your last.
Just wondering what the #GOP is going to do about Trump's financial conflicts?
