Yeah, help diagnose diseases for which no one will be able to afford to get medical care due to the healthcare bill you're pushing on us.
SenHeller,This gesture is meaningless as you are voting against your own constituents health by supporting Graham Cassidy Insurance Proposal
Disease that will be too expensive to treat, thanks to you selling out Americans to kiss Steve Wynn's ring. We won't forget.

Heller to Dr Reinke : " There won't be any funding for research that could help diagnose disease."

Be an honorable man. Vote No on the new healthcare bill. People will die.
But what good with that be with no Healthcare?  Oh, you and the wealthy will have it.
I hope she's not counting on you. If it's not insurance you would have for your family. Think again.
You got exposed in the Guardian. Shameful working for Koch money and not the people.

Your going to be repealed and replaced in 2018 for taking bribes and voting for the death care bill
Wise up,support our President Trump
Nice waste of research when no one will have access to treatment. No dignity in this Graham-Cassidy bill @SenDeanHeller
Our patients with preexisting conditions receive dental care thru Medicaid, you take this picture, but u want to rip it away @CHC_Nevada
I AM SURE THE AIG IS HAPPY? JUST LIKE THE UN, IMF, THE EU AND ALL OF THE ELITES YOU SERVE, OUT OF PEOPLES CHOICE. OPEN MARKET HEALTH CARE.

BREAKING: Graham Cassidy repeal coverage loss, economic loss & premium increases by state.

See your state... 
She explain need for #Healthcare and throwing people under the healthcare bus is WRONG? Cause it is. #sad 
why? So we can have another pre-existing condition that can prevent us from getting healthcare in your new bill? You're going to kill us all
Did u discuss how u r trying to take away healthcare from millions of Americans?  #resist #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
You are clearly a man without shame
https://www.leg.state.nv.us/Division/Research/Publications/Factsheets/HealthCareRankings.pdf …
There are 631,128 Nevadans on #Medicaid
Just as a reminder:
Trump keeps saying his tax plan isn't going to favor the rich. But here's his average tax cut for ordinary families vs. millionaires: 
No real point since no one will be able to treat said diseases.
Speaking of medicine, how the hell could you slap your name on that godawful health plan? Your pal Sandoval thinks you've lost your mind.
Pretty vague discussion...what funding? What research? Whose money?
Why? We won't be able to afford the treatment or an insuarance plan to help cover the cost.
Too bad you will being taking healthcare away from millions. Time for you to go. Vote out everyone who approves this garbage bill.
Worst yet
You may want to add that this garbage bill will also prohibit states from providing single payer plan.
Actually, that is an insult to cowards and liars. They have higher principles than Heller does.
I'm unfollowing you. Sellout.
Wow, love reading all the positive comments on your tweets. Good to see the overwhelming support for your conservative republican views.
NOT. In case you missed the sarcasm.
Maybe you could add dental care to your great amendment. That would make health care great for the first time.
All these meetings Dean! All for nothing, you're wasting NV taxpayer money with your lies to these people.
Oh come on Dean...What good is that if you have no access to health care?? #hellerout2018
Bad attempt to hide your sponsorship of a bill that would deprive tens of millions of health care & make the rest of us live in fear.  VILE!

Too bad you didn't reach across the isle and discuss a bipartisan fix for healthcare. #GrahamCasiddy is an abomination and a sham.
Did you tell her u plan on giving a massive tax cut to rich 1% by taking healthcare away from millions?
Worst so called healthcare bill yet!
Until you know who the "rich 1%" are, quit quoting media. Until you actually know the numbers who will lose health care, quit quoting media!

People with pre-existing conditions, pregnant women among those who lose out in GOP's latest health care bill. http://apne.ws/iP7et7Z 
@SenDeanHeller "If you want my support . . . You gotta make sure the Republican governors that have expanded Medicaid sign off on it."
Did you threaten to pull her funding if she did not take a pic with you?
Did she happen to tell you how disastrous the newest healthcare bill is?
We want the ACA FIXED not your "GET SICK & DIE" Plan
A diagnosis of disease doesn't help the 32 MILLION AMERICANS WHO WILL LOSE THEIR HEALTHCARE THANKS TO YOUR BILL #Hellercare #Trumpcare
I get it, they diagnose the disease and then your constituents have no healthcare Insurance to afford the treatment. You're gone in 2018.
Diagnose disease for those who can afford health insurance after the GOP is done with it? Any diagnoses for those with Medicaid?
Get your ass back to your job and STOP ACA REPEAL with a bipartisan solution that includes a public option   STAT.

Koch Bros got your vote in the Guardian today.  Shame...  dark money wins, constituents thrown under the bus. You betrayed them.
Do you understand that you're wanting to pull healthcare from your constituents? Research will mean nothing if people can't afford care.
How many of your constituents are out in the streets & on social media supporting your yes vote? You are doing harm to the most vulnerable.
Who cares, with half of us going to lose health care, who could pay for treatment? Hypocrite.
Bye bye heller
Is she gonna help you find a spine and/or a conscience?
With your vote on Cassidy-Graham Bill can u tell me how to pay for my parents funeral? Area code 89130
Is a 45 puppet @SenDeanHeller
Do you mean diseases that we will suffer from because of non-existent health insurance? Nice.
Lol! If you can get the DOD to fund it, maybe. Otherwise, forget it. Trump is cutting everything else.
Save DACA and the ACA
Fuck them if they are sick already. Am I right.
Did a Steve Wynn give you permission to meet with her?
Or Sheldon Adelson!
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
Too bad they won't receive insurance payments. Heller only works for GOP big $ donors.
Photo op!  Healthcare whore for DJT. We know your game.  Casino mogul $$ more impt than people. 
You're a spineless slug.
How many Nevadans will lose out on healthcare so you can provide that funding?
NEVADANS WON'T BE ABLE TO AFFORD DENTAL CARE. NEVADA IS WORRYING ABOUT HEALTH INSURANCE TO KEEP THEIR FAMILIES ALIVE VOTE NO ON HELLERHEALTH
How about this BS?
NO ON GC BILL...yoy Toool
Why?  You're a yea vote on #CassidyGraham takes healthcare away from millions of ppl who won't be able to pay up if they get sick.
Reseach few will be able to afford the benefits of thanks to your legislation.
Except the sick people wont be able to afford the medicine cause there won't be any HC
