It is important you support our @POTUS You know the Russia story is fake yet you play along with this witch hunt.
We are strong in Nevada and we will build more support and a rapport strong enough to vote you out or have someone else run!!
Russia is nothing but a whole lot of BS
How about the answer I deserve as a vet?? The one I dodged for years... why did YOU throw away our victory in Iraq? Im your constituent!!
http://nvdems.com/press/senator-heller-still-doesnt-support-independent-911-style-commission-special-prosecutor-investigate-trumps-russia-ties/ …
I am watching & listening very closely to not only what is going on in our great state and nation, I'm watching & listening to your actions
Know what else is important? Single payer medicare FOR ALL! And no, sir, it doesn't mean taking it away from seniors. It means for EVERYONE!
Still No evidence of our @POTUS or his campaign "colluding" w/Russia. either end investigation or provide evidence I say!
So funny coming from you...don't you think Nevadans deserve from you?? I think we deserve someone who votes & represents us not big donors
I just hope a Republican runs against you, then you can join Joe Heck in the unemployment line!
Yes, it is important that we know what is going on, and that you will do what is best for Nevada!
Obama colluding with Russia to get re-elected over live microphone.
We demand an investigation to know what deal he made.
#obama
The president is pulling the Middle East together to fight ISIS & all we hear from congress is Russia.What about J. Podesta,uranium one?
We are fed up with the Russia story.
Obama colluded with Russia over a live microphone to get re-elected & there was no investigation. Why?
It is beyond belief, but we will not stop supporting President Trump who has done so much to make America great again.
You have supported this guy and loaded up his cabinet of iniquity with one of our two NV votes in the Senate.  You are complicit.
What? You are dealing with the Russia thing?  Shocking!!!
Truth will stand on it's own merit, so don't start a string of untruths to muddy the waters. I am a registered "VOTER".
Oh come on heller you supported trump and now your "seeking for answers Nevadans deserve". Pack your office, your on your way out.
I haven't even received the answers to all of my constituent forms I've completed. The only answers we want now is voting you out of office!
We already know the answer... #ImpeachTrump! Now will you go through with it?
Anyone with a brain knows what is going on. DO YOUR JOB!
Tell an officer Thank you.
We appreciate @POTUS honoring #PoliceWeek2017. We stand with him.
Thank an officer for their service.
Investigate #HillaryClinton
We want #HillaryClinton investigated for selling uranium to #Russia then receiving  $145 million donation to Clinton Foundation from #Russia
Yes it is important that Nevadans get answers. And you're telling us that you're briefed.  So now give us the answers we expect and deserve.
Finally!! Now do your job for Nevada and don't fall into party lines. Trump is bad for America prove you want to do the right thing.
Thanks for waking up. DeVos is about to screw teachers by eliminating the forgiveness program. If she does, why should I still be a teacher?
he wants to keep nv the backwater it is. Look at his sponsorship of the Internet privacy bill, etc.
Sooooo, that means you are gonna remember who you work for?
#VotersRemember
Yeah siding with special interests does nothing for Nevads
Heller is the last person to rely on for facts on Trump-Russia.
Did you have a nice nap?
WHY now? Certainly not principles.  Sinking ship syndrome? And since we know you, what is it you think we deserve? Specifics please.
Ignore far left rubbish.  They should take their tribe and find themselves a deserted island to move to since they hate this country so much
It's important that GOP get on with the Trump agenda.  Do not be sidetracked. Tax reform, repeal & replace & infrastructure should be focus
Too late!! Ur an embarrassment to NV, Go kiss Trump's ass some more, u lying phony #ImpeachTrump
Russia?  Too many loony birds out there!   Let's work on lowering taxes & keeping more of the money we earn. #MAGA
I'm not sure i believe you will do the right thing for the American people. I sincerely hope i am wrong.
#littledon loves Putin and his Kremlin buddies. Doesn't that strike you as odd? It strikes us as odd in #TheSilverState @IndivisibleReno
We do expect answers, and expect the GOP to put country before party. Seems like the very best of best is in charge with Mueller ...
The answers we want is how Putin bought 20% Uranium 1 and Clinton Foundation gets $130M and NOT A DAMN THING HAPPENS!
Because the answers are coming out from you or him? Thank god someone leaks what is really happening! #ImpeachTrump
no it's important NEVADA gets the truth! #TrumpRussia #Trumpisaliar #ImpeachTrump
There is nothing there. Let's get on with it
"It's important that Nevadans get the answers they expect..." unless they want to ask me directly in a town hall meeting.
Shameful address he gave in CT. Those young men and women deserved better than his shameful whining.
It's time to stop this POTUS who does nothing for anyone but himself and whines when it catches up with him. We are constantly in chaos.
We've been calling you and writing you about this for months. Remember? 

We do. #icalledmyreps
Senator Heller, thank you for your hard dedicated work!
Agreed! Also important you represent the interests of your constituents and not see yourself as working for Trump's interests. #youworkforus
Name one vote you've cast this year that benefits Nevadans?
About time--stop this insanity now!
We already have them but whatever
We are waiting to hear your republican approved response.  Should we feel sad cuz Donald has been picked in?  Which witch is hunting Don?
And who will provide them? Not you
Call for Trump impeachment. Our country suffers daily.
Look into DNC aid who was shot & murdered who leaked Podesta emails. Russia hacking made up fairytale.  Podesta gave this aid his password
YOU THINK! WHAT DID YOU DO, PUT YOUR FINGER UP IN THE AIR & FOUND THE WIND HAD SHIFTED?
We want old districts back, since Reid changed them republicans have lost our voice.  Asshat Reid!
Facebook has stacked negative comments a@top of thread first like they do to all conservatives.   Go down Thread 100 deep.
I suggest you change your party affiliation to independent. The Republican Party has become the radical right...
It's a big nothing perpetrated by the sore loser democrats who keep pushing the lie. Tell it often enough they'll believe it.
That's it! We deserve a senator who speaks out against a prez who claims he taped the FBI, fired Comey because of Russia, leaks to Russia
Steal what you can now, there is nothing you can do to keep your job after 2018.
We Nevada Republicans are watching closely @SenDeanHeller, enough politics, let's get this done NOW.
You stood with 45. You chose Party over country. Joe Heck should've been your cautionary tale.
Now you're seeing the light?  After supporting party over country. You turn with the tides!  Nevadans are smart. OUT IN 2018.
Yes, and WHAT ARE THEY? Minnesota gets @alfranken and we get you. At least you're not @DanaRohrabacher.
you're late to the party by about 6 months. You'll go any way the wind blows. We deserve better.
So you finally acknowledge that this is happening? You won't get credit for picking a side now that you've sat on the sidelines so long.
You going to start not voting in lockstep with 45 anytime soon? You've stood by him this whole time. Why stop now? #partyovercountry
Yes i want to get to the bottom of it.
Finally looking into the sun?  Now don't run back in your cave. Schedule a town hall in Clark County right away!
And in Washoe!
NV remembers very clearly how you've voted on some key people and legislation.
You are out next yr Dean bcs of your partisanship. Period.
That's what congressional investigations are for.  Tell GOP that Nevadans deserve for those investigations to continue.
