How many Nevadans u hear from on DeVos?Cos those phones were Jammed . You are so toast in '18.Hope she covered retirement!
@jzellis Come protest with us 8930 W. Sunset road #230
No on Pruitt Shame on the Senate for red carding Sen Warren--stop enabling animal torture #2018
Surprised you could hear anything over ignoring calls rejecting @BetsyDeVos You'll hear from Nevadans in 2018. Tick, tock.
We said No; you didn't listen. Enjoy your remaining 636 days in office, senator. #WeSaidNo2018 #NoDeVos.
I agree. It was important to hear Elizabeth Warren too. Watching you vote. Will campaign against you--furiously. @SenDeanHeller
#letlizspeak This is unacceptable. Listen to us now. Vote No on Sessions. #resist
UR so full of it. Next u will vote yes for price and mnunchausen. Eliz.Warren cannot be silenced!
are you really going to listen? I hope so. I'm very disappointed Nevadans couldn't count on you to protect public education.
please. You didn't listen to us when we called and emailed you by the thousands not to sell our students out. See you in '18
too bad you put your eggs in the DeVos basket. Shows you fail to address your constituents on critical issues for children.
I will make sure to vote no at your re-election along with every other Nevadan you screwed over. You should be ashamed.
your vote for Defraud was noted senator, you now have 5 new votes against you next election
Do you listen to the people? She's not qualified and you know it. Be a real person. Ignore party lines and do what's right...
was it not important to hear from Nevadans on DeVos?  You don't care what we have to say
start listening to your constituents-vote NO on Sessions. Remember NV was #battleborn on the side of rights for all NOT hate!
While your vote sabotages our children's education.   BAD!
Planning for November 6th, 2018!
Too little, too late. You insulted our intelligence and our resolve. That was a serious error. #VoteYouOut2018 #DeVosPledge
And today you voted to confirm Mnuchin. Shameful! You think he helped #NV during housing crisis?  No guts on ethics.
You can start by #stopsessions - NV's eyes are on YOU Senator Heller. We voted BLUE this election & will in 2018!
Only listening to your supporters and donors will not save you. We aren't fools. #midterms2018
Oh, is that it. I have to go to DC for you to actually HEAR someone? I hate that i voted for you, u right wing xtremist 
I don't live in NV, but promise to contribute to any campaign against you, in whatever way I'm able.
You have chosen your party over your constituents. That's the best way to lose your seat. Gutless.
that's funny. I'm fairly certain they called you with their opinions on Betsy DeVos. Did you listen??? #coward #midterms #bye
This is what happens when a GOP senator voted for #devos.  A warning for next election.
.@SenBobCorker this was ur town of Chattanooga during #WomensMarch 
We're moms, we're families & we're voting u out in '18 #DeVosvote 
You refused to hear us! You're GONE in 2018! #DeVosPledge
Sad that education is for sale. #voteuout2018
They've sold our children's future 

if you cared ab Nevadans or Americans in general you would have voted no for Devos! Enjoy your last 2 yrs as a senator
I'm on board 2 make sure our voices are represented and not ignored.DeVos over childrens education is appalling and frightful
My #1 priority every day until November 8th of next year will be working against your re-election. You don't represent Nevada
signing up to campaign against you
You will hear from us in November, 2018.  You sold Nevada's children down the river today.
And we will NOT forget!
Now you want to hear constituents? Funny, since you were hiding & had no interest in past few weeks. Stop w/ fake concern.
Too bad you clearly didn't hear their voices about opposing DeVos & Sessions. Thanks for voting selfishly.
enjoy the #NoonDeVos blow back you deserve all that comes. Now on to #NoOnSessions. He has racist agenda. You know he does,
YOU ARE DONE. I'm sure you'll have a great job in the private sector.
I doubt that you like hearing from any Nevadan that doesn't agree with your view. Ashamed of your vote for DeVos.
Oh, but you're OK confirming utterly UNQUALIFIED cabinet sec'y, despite deluge of oppo from your CONSTITUENTS?! Riiiight. 
Your vote to confirm DeVos was wrong. You know she lied. You know she plagiarized. She is unfit. pay to play eh? Shameful.
we are watching your votes #letlizspeak
So you CAN vote so stop SOMETHING? @SenWarren https://assets.documentcloud.org/documents/3259988/Scott-King-1986-Letter-and-Testimony-Signed.pdf …
You could have helped if you didn't vote for DeVos. Sorry but you're going to have to go. You are not representing the People
https://goo.gl/ZDglrG 
You voted for that joke of a nominee DeVos, you have lost my vote for the next election.  Pathetic.
Disapprove of your shutting down Sen Warren. Watching you like a hawk from now on.   Good luck in 2018. You'll need it.
.@SenDeanHeller so what are your plans to help save ACA for Nevadans?
His plan is to repeal the ACA & cut taxes for millionaires. But don't ask about replace -he doesn't have specifics
The #Senate seems to be his golden parachute. Disappointing, but not surprising. #PartyLine #Midterms2018
you know who is a great Senator from NV? @SenCortezMasto that's who. She actually represents Nevadans. Read: You Suck.
congratulations on you retirement. Just heard the good news. Enjoy yourself and rest assured we will carry the torch for you
You can still revert 2018 election if you start by voting NO tomorrow on Sessions nomination.Put is ahead of politics!
#VoteNOSessions! We, the WMW Marchers are watching and count on you to do the right thing and block BANNON/SESSIONS agenda.
.@SenDeanHeller and yet you managed to ignore the tens of thousands of calls from Nevadans saying no on DeVos. Selective hearing much?
Wow.
NOT ONE SINGLE PERSON defending you or your reprehensible vote. Your political career is over. Over. #HellerToPay
you ignored us
You failed Nevada schoolchildren. Shame on you.
I was at your office today. Sorry we missed you 
you definitely didn't listen to your constituents on Devos.Sad day for you. You can start packing your bags now. #DeVosPledge
You let the children of Nevada and the USA down Here is #devos latest statement. Disgusting #RememberThisDay #2018 
How many Nevadans did you hear from, asking #VotenoDeVos, You voted against Nevadan's concerns. No one cares what you think!
What about what Nevadans had to say about your vote in the Senate today???? Was that important also?
BS, run away from letting down Nevadian against Education Secretary.
bad for Americans no to sessions.https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2017/02/07/politics/elizabeth-warren-mitch-mcconnell/index.html?client=ms-android-google …
no #education? Interesting.
Yet u chose 2 ignore the many Nevadans who implored u 2 vote against the Betsy DeVos confirmation. #VoteUOut2018 #shameonyou
your voting to preclude Coretta Scott King's words from being heard on the Senate floor is shameful and embarrasses NV.
Glad your seat opens in 2018.  #VoteEmOut #TheResistance
really, since no one is answering your phones and you can't leave a voice message
that's interesting, since no one is answering you phones and you can't leave a voice message.
don't get too confident, we hate you and we're voting you out.
How can you support DeVos? I think you owe us an explanation.
You will be primaried sir. DeVos indeed.
if you cared you wouldn't have supported Devos
and my time and money!
you have no spine sir. See how that works for you at midterms. 2018 will be here soon. Better start working on that resume.
You voted wrong on Betsy DeVos! Won't forget this when next election cycle comes around for you.
we all warnd u abt '18. Uve votd yes on every confirmation so far, DeVos bn the loudest. Ea yes is another nail in ur career!
A great start would have been to vote #NoonDeVos So now, we're going to work to get you out next election.
"important to hear" big difference between hear and LISTEN. Your Nevadans said no to DeVos. Looks like you didn't LISTEN.
voting for DeVos won't be forgotten by Nevada voters in 2018
yet you had no interest in listening to NV voters on DeVos. It is ok to vote against @POTUS
Does "so many" mean the 5 in that pic? Because you're ignoring the thousands calling, emailing, tweeting, & messaging you
but apparently not important to hear from us about education...radio silent on that issue
U could have shown a spine and #VoteNoDevos but now working to #VoteThemOut in 2018! I guess u have no kids in public school
enjoy your job today because in 2018 you'll b unemployed because u work for us not the Koch bros & u prove that with ea vote
So many Nevadans?  There were 100 Nevadans at your Vegas office today and all your staff did was call the police. @maddow
We won't 4get ur vote on #DeVos #NoToDeVos Not gonna listen to ur constituents? We'll vote u out #2018
and yet you ignored us re: @BetsyDeVos.  Don't worry, you'll hear from us in a little over a year
WTF? What about all the Nevadans that told you not confirm DeVos. You failed this state. Enjoy your last term.
too bad you didn't listen to us re: DeVos. I have 5 kids in NV public schools, and I will remember your YES vote next year.
I've tried calling you for a week about #devos & can only get thru to your vm. Maybe you should have heard from us on that.
November 2018. We will ensure that you are not reelected
by "it was important" do you mean "in one ear and out the other?" Asking for a friend (my disappointed children and uterus.)
What? NOW you are ready to listen?  So capricious...
I'm at the grocery store and I pulled an orange out of the pile and the infrastructure collapsed. Thinking of you!! 
oh my gosh I LOVE this tweet!
thanks! Gotta fight that fight 
what about your broke down phones? Nevadans were calling you then, too to say NO to #DeVos
But I guess you didn't hear about Nevadans asking you NOT to vote for DeVos. We'll remind you come November 2018.
YOU mean YOUR OWNERS?  Sold your soul and NV to GREEDY CORPS. We will vote you out in 2018-Start Packing #ConstituentPromise
hiiiii let me get some of that Devos money. You sell out.
Do you REALLY want to hear from your constituents?  Will you HEAR what is being said?
fuck you, you piece of shit
- How much would it cost to get you to represent US? Just wondering what your soul went for.
And yet you chose to completely ignore the "so many Nevadans" when it was time to vote NO on DeVos.  #findanewjobin2018
http://nvdems.com/press/statement-senator-dean-heller-supporting-betsy-devos-education-secretary/ …
You ignored the majority of your constituents in favor of some cheesy photo ops. Please leave our state and don't come back.
how about NO to Sessions
since when do you listen to Nevadans Dean? You are a totally joke for Nevada!
SO DISAPPOINTED IN YOU! However, you WILL hear from US in November 2018! #NoToDeVos  #BoughtAndPaidFor  #RepublicansAreWrong
yet ur silent on how many you heard from NV residents against Devos , accountability #2018
Hear from us? You just ignore your constituents. We made it clear how we felt about DeVos. You represent yourself not Nevada.
Dean Heller is just a stooge for tRUMP. He barely won his seat in a plurality & not even DeVos payola will get him re-elected
did they ask you to put their kids education 2nd to pay4play confirmation votes?
did they tell you they wanted their healthcare repealed but not replaced for a year or 2?
vote no on the rest of don's nominations. EPA is needed for the protection of children.
Trump enabler. Liar. Puppet.
another unbelievable tweet!
So glad you are Ok! Many constituents worried about you after we couldn't reach you! Hope you have a plan 4 post-2018 job!
Can you HEAR me now? U won't be re-elected. U may have "heard" from us but you clearly did not listen. #WeVote & not 4 U.
seriously?  It's not business as usual any longer. You're out in 2018. BTW, NO on Sessions & Price..as if it matters to you.
This is your last term in office. You ignored your constituents on DeVos. You do not represent Nevada's interest.

And while you're at it... IMPEACH TRUMP. That would help
ANNND education AMMIRIGHT?!??
What's harder? Posing for pictures all day or NOT doing anything for Nevadans?! Because you excel at both!
you chose party over people. The people won't forget.
You must have selective hearing @SenDeanHeller. Else you would've done your job & voted no on DeVos. Can't wait for next year. #DeVosPledge.
Apparently you are bought and paid for. 2018 will be here and we won't forget.  Start packing!
You've got one hell of selective sense of hearing, Bubba. #devosisnotqualified
Where were you? Your staff will not provide any details on visits to NV. I am in LV and would like you to hear me.
He's hiding like a coward he is. I know somebody that used to work for him, they said he is absolutely incompetent.
you should be ashamed.  Making sure you and your ilk don't get re-elected is my priority
which Nevadans were u listening 2? The thousands who called or showed up @ yr offices or Wynn & Adelson? #DumpHeller #resist
I'll do whatever I can to make sure you lose your seat in 2018. You say you hear, but we said NO to DeVos. Big mistake!
How about building infrastructure for our education system
Shameful vote on DeVos. You sold out the future of US education.
You will just ignore them like you did on #DeVos. Start job-hunting.
m n
called you the last 2 weeks. You didn't listen, but you will in 2018.
#socalledsenator may have heard Nevadans, but did he listen? Improve #NV by listening to us #DumpDean
So u can tweet now after hiding? Since u were gonna vote ur way regrdlss of outcry, u cldve @ least aknowledged #NoDeVos SAD!
To bad you didn't listen.  You chose party lines and we choose 2018 to #VOTEUOUT

@TrishAHamme let me show you another chart it's called buying and buying secretary of education
Then you must've gotten an earful because Nevadans hate you.
please do not repeal the Affordable Care Act. Many Nevadans count on it for affordable healthcare.
What you did to education today? Right back atcha!
So you listened to those Nevadans, but not the thousands who contacted you re: the incompetency/corruption of Betsy DeVos?
When $ win out over kids! Sad!! #voteuout2018
What " we " will do to help and improve Nevada is--vote you out of office !
I love how you will not respond to the trainwreck you're contributing to in DC. This will get remembered in 2018. #
Will you be ignoring them as you did everyone else about DeVos?  We're taking the #DeVosPledge
EDUCATION?! Didn't care about your constituents opinions on DeVos. Shame on you for voting for such an unqualified nominee
you voted to confirm a cabinet member who essentially bought her seat.   I hope you're ashamed of yourself.
try listening and don't repeal ACA
sorry sack with a cheesy grin.
. You must be joking
