For families looking to locate missing loved ones,  please call 1-866-535-5654.
Thank You @lvmpd 4 everything you have done. Please let me know how I can help as I plan on fundraising, I have 1000’s ready to contribute.
Thank you Mr President for the love being shown to everyone in Los Vegas it shows how we all come together
This county has NEVER been less together! Vegas was a arms deal gone bad by cia. False flag! Go on YouTube stop watching main stream media! Grow up!
@DeanHeller
Health care is a service, like a plumber. Do you understand what a "right" is?
Your response didn't mention weapons. YOU don't understand what a "right" is. Healthcare INSURANCE is a service. Healthcare is a right.
Thank you for your dedication. I have a question - Was S. Paddock trying to put his car near jet fuel tanks and blow up with Tannerite?
The force of those 2 tanks exploding is the equivalent of 10 yes 10 757’s loaded with fuel exploding. It only took 2 to take down WTC. Scary
God bless you all
Why such a complicated number remember?
Noble 3D Printers of Las Vegas NV can turn 2D photos into 3D busts free for the victims families http://3d-faces.noble3dprinters.com 
Good job guys

As a retired Police Major thats despicable behavior by  @Sheriff_LVMPD. By blocking a media member it SCREAMS COVERUP. What r they hiding?
God Bless Them All 
LVMPD you have set the bar for public relations. Keep up the great job that you and your city is doing. #VegasStrong  #Americanstrong
" JOHN STEELE :   LAS VEGAS WAS A ZIO CON OPERATION (YOUTUBE)
You are an amazing leader. I wish our POTUS was too. Your compassion and professionalism is heartfelt and heartening. #ThankYou
I am missing my “loved one,” His name is “Jesus Campos.” He worked for a few weeks as a “security guard” Please help find our beloved Jesus.
Thank you all, all law enforcement and all first responders, whether you ran into it or were pressed into it on scene. God bless you all.
Stop with the political shit. It's a time to have heart and be supportive to everyone. Be a human being and have compassion
https://twitter.com/APWestRegion/status/915364521648066560/video/1 …
PLEASE PASS THIS ON!!!
Please repeat press questions at press briefings so we TV viewers can understand the answers. We can’t hear most of the questions. Thank you
The cops are here, thanks.
Oh Lord where did they dig you up at?
#HalfStaff
Why is the Mandolin Bay donating money to the terrorist organization? Maybe the shooter was a patsy.
Looks like we don’t have to worry about mob bosses but money being laundered to terrorists organizations.
https://www.facebook.com/39171898761/videos/10155446314448762/ …
Sending prayers to all
Ok thanks
Much respect for first responders
As a human being to many heroes,  a heartfelt thank you  to you all.
Check out the number for this listing to call loved ones in Las Vegas !!! #PrayForLasVegas
Thank you @LVMPD for all you do. I don't like the speeding tickets. Thank u for keeping us safe. This attack is heartbreaking! #VegasStrong
Haha doxx'd enjoy the pizza
Hey Joe gotta say republicans like you are terrible at crisis response your presser today was arrogant and typical of a Republican sheriff
@SheriffLombardo  u r doing a great job. Thank u
God bless you all for your heroism!
Thank you, @LVMPD. Your efforts are appreciated beyond measure. 

No. More babies are killed by abortion than firearms in the US. Stop with your bullshit. There are many checks b4 buying a gun here legally
Thank you so much @LVMPD for all you hard work & bravery! #vegasstrong
God.   Bless.   All.
@NatyASHBA THANK YOU NATY, FOR KEEPING US POSTED!  LUV YA!!
I'm glad this is being done. Family members r having a hard time with this.
Picture? Name ? Location of loss?
Why?
God Bless you Men and Women whom have been working tirelessly for the People whom you Serve! Much Respect 
@WhiteHouse Good morning staff & interns! Great job on the @realDonaldTrump @VP team. Everyone have a great...God bless!  #MAGA
What in the actual fuck are you talking about?
Thank you for being one of those that run toward danger!  

You are appreciated! 

Thank you!
“Anything goes in Vegas”  MUST STOP 
SERVING ALCOHOL TO KEEP GAMBLERS GAMBLING , THEN THEY GET IN THEIR CARS AND DRIVE 
DEADLY
You should delete the older tweet as to not confuse worried families....
I say thanks lvmpd thanks
VP should probably get the old one out of your feed
Consider yourself ignored.
This book written by a Hindu?
Why the difference from the reports on the scanner compared to the official release?Who was on the fourth floor video shows a 4rth flr shtr.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gFFcfglnlW8 …
@cityofhenderson take care of yourselves- self care after responding to a mass murder is critical
Continued love and prayers are being sent to everyone
Thank you @LVMPD for running toward this terrible event when everyone else needed to run away.
: "This number has been changed to 1-800-536-9488. Families can call this number to…" #1 in United States

I'm so sorry the people of Las Vegas have to go through this my prayers for your hardworking officers love from New Zealand
Still missing dog, please contact us if found.. she is a service dog and very very missed...  best wishes to anyone effected #route91harvest
So sorry
They can as well go to Convention Ctr and/or call the number to get distribution of financial resources collected ($2m)?
What a jerk.  just saw him on TV, attacking a reporter for "politicizing" the shooting.  WHAT ARE YOU DOING JERK?

Terrorism IS political.
Terrorism is WRONG, SAD, INHUMAN, UNCHRISTIAN, UNCALLED FOR, REALITY IN TODAY'S FALLEN WORLD,  TOO FREQUENT, but not everything is Political
Thank you for your bravery.
You say lets not "Politicize," Las Vegas tragedy. I say,"NRA is funding you." Dirty NRA contributions kill babies/people/officers. GOP not grand.
Thank you for all you're doing. Praying for all victims & families & all of Las Vegas. 
#VegasStrong
Nevada Senator Dean Heller voted against limits on magazine size, assault weapons, background checks https://www.dailykos.com/story/2017/10/2/1703332/-Nevada-Senator-Dean-Heller-voted-against-limits-on-magazine-size-assault-weapons-background-checks …
Thank you for sharing this information.  This is just so very sad. My heart goes out to everyone affected by this tragedy
Thank you!
Praying for y'all!
Hope all the people can reunite with family.
May god bless you and keep you safe
What the hell you talking about its not the time to talk about gun control. You looking for another 5000 homicides?
We stand by our law enforcement ty Metro and Sheriff Lombardo
