Seriously. Social media consultant. Get one. Or fire the one you have. #tonedeaf
You're getting voted out of office for befriending the terrorists who perpetrated an ISIS style attack in Virginia. #SAD!

And yet you voted to end my health insurance! You are so sweet!
congrats. glad to know you care about someone.
BacksTrump, Trump has racists in WH then this?
Obviously, this is your way of trying to deflect from your vote of repealing the ACA. Count your days buddy because you're done in Nov 2018.
You have one more shot to set your conscience right HELLer; stand against trump's bigotry or go down to defeat.
Colluding w/Russian puppet & white supremacist NOT going to end well for HELLer. Men of conscience need to stand against birther in chief!
The only people you ever try to help are veterans. Nevada has other people. Your president is scum and you enable him. #ImpeachTrumpNow
When were you hanging out with the #WhiteSupremacists ?
Hate to say it but he is Mormon. I mean....?
bragging? you are bought and paid for, forgetting the rest of the country and their health care.
Happy to see you're making veterans a priority. The military doesn't see race or religion. Let's make sure the rest of us follow suit.
BREAKING: You are a racist. Pro Nazi.
Work harder to take health care away from the nasty poors
Tone deaf. He signed your bill in front of press/cameras and refused to condemn murderous white nationalists.
Walk away, you complicit coward.
Breaking: @potus enabled the terror we witnessed in #Charlottesville with your good friend Peter Cvjetanovic
Your new buddy ? Are you a racist too???
You mean the health care that you voted to take away from them?
and with guys like u throwing away our victories and keeping us in endless war  with no objectives whatsoever, we will need it.. Thanks
Okay Heller, if you want to condemn shameful and hatred behavior- start w trump and his Anti- LGBT policy- your silence is tacit approval
What about the disabled children you tried to screw over by signing that bill?
Mr. Heller are you a Nazi?
Great job Dean, thanks for your continued support of our vets.
this was the President Bill turncoat. Trump 2020
You're a racist you and @POTUS
And all it cost you was the vote on ACA repeal.  We know what your price is.
While that's a wonderful thing, how timely for you & that POS you call, POTUS. We're watching, remember that.
Ironic how at same moment, @POTUS didn't condemn actions of people who shit all over the honor of WWII vets today.
Yet you cared not about the rest of us. #YourLastTerm
Sen, why do you hang out with Nazis?
Now vote to repeal Obamacare care and fix health care for all Nevadans or get out a let somebody else fix it.
A day late a dollar shy.  Look for a job
Thank you.
Don't celebrate too much. You're losing in 2018.
Too bad you voted to take health care away from millions of other Americans, including veterans.
.yet u voted 2strip Medicaid & healthcare 4all ur constituents #nosenate4uin2018
He's awesome like that!! Maybe you can repeal and replace #Obamacare now.
Seriously THIS is what's on your mind today? When your Alt Right GOP buddies are carrying torches & holding racist rallies? U r out of touch
AND YOU THANKED @POTUS BY VOTING NO ON HEALTHCARE BILL!!
Guess this is what they promised to if you vote to repeal ACA...that and maybe you can stay in office. #sellout
Now it's your time to support repeal & replace!
Great! Why did you support immoral Trumpcare bill three weeks ago? Why did only McCain, Murkowski and Collins have the guts to RESIST?
This is all you can give today?  Your POTUS, you back, has created mayhem and refuses to condemn white supremacy and neoNazis--pack up!
Awesome! God bless our Veterans!
Clearly the story of the day, Dean. Eye on the ball, bud.
Please speak out against the white supremacists,KKK & Nazis in VA since 45 cant/won't. Weak -sad!
.
Thank you @SenDeanHeller .
.
Help our @POTUS  Repeal the ACA, you Promised :)
.
I'm glad you finally did something to help veterans.
Someone just was murdered ! This is what you tweet now!? Shame ! Resign traitor! We heard u on tape happy about vote but voted yes!
You are still going to to be primaried. Get behind Trump agenda or get a new job!
B. F. D.
SENATOR DEAN HELLER as you support @potus we Nevadans will continue to support you. But you had better step up and prove you back Pr Trump!
How about this as a response to Trump's "many sides" comment?
Mr. President - we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism. https://twitter.com/sencorygardner/status/896465229181210624 …
@SenDeanHeller you are the biggest fraud to ever serve NV. Any chance of calling out DJT for not denouncing racism & anti Semitism?
You think this is "breaking news"?  You are not very good at the Twitter.
Is potus buying your support
Lucky you. Still got those healthy coal mines going? Wise.
Please remember how good it feels to care for our brave vets next time you are set to vote on healthcare. Worry about ppl, not the votes.
Nothing else happening today?  No outrage at the White Supremacists? #Charlottesville
You're going preen around Twitter with everything happening Charlottesville? Dounce the violence, hate, and the POTUS egging it on.
you truly think anyone other than you gives a flying fig about this while we have the KKK running wild and people dying sir?
Poor timing @SenDeanHeller next time wait until the day after the race riots to gloat
Why did they not mention your name or help on this bill
Dude!! Could you call your pal @realDonaldTrump the #FauxPrez? Like there's some serious shit goin on in #VA right now and I'm worried 
You are liar - dishonorable human being!  We will vote you out!
Good. Now you can kiss #trumps ass some more.
Enjoy your term. Senator, We're voting u out for your lame stance on repeal and replace
You are NOT getting my vote.
Your silence on the Virginia incident is akin to support of the violence.  Loser.
Too bad you hated Nevadans so much you wanted to deny them Medicaid.
What the actual hell? Your colleagues are sending messages denouncing the violence in VA. You... Ooh look at my veterans bill.
What a joke!
You should fire your entire staff for the comically horrible timing of this tweet.
Wow .... are you seriously that lame
You're a #spineless sellout! Praising your BFF 2day as people are rundown by white supremacists The only breaking news is your defeat #NVSEN
Too bad you aren't as protective of the others in NV you voted to take healthcare away from. Pathetic Dean
Funny....you can't get Healthcare for the rest of us. Nothing to be proud of
Oh so in other words they can CONTINUE using medical benefits that were put in place under Obama and the ACA. Stop sounding like you did it!
Thank you!!
Breaking: @SenDeanHeller and his social media intern are officially deaf, dumb, and blind.
Thank you
Seriously? Was that before or after Trump failed to call out the white supremacist grp for the heinous act of terror by 1 if it's own?
Was that a quid pro quo for voting to repeal the ACA?
How about standing up against Trump, who won't denounce white supremacists or Putin?
And now he's a racist president. People elected to Congress need to band together and save the country from him.
The same president equating peaceful protesters with white supremists? Allowing violence for ideology. Shame on you for letting this stand.
Really that's the most important topic to tweet about today. So tone deaf & blind.
Hint- #CharlottesvilleVA
Oh Dean, stop trying to do a Manchin. You're not popular, you're going to lose.
How about every one else back stabber Heller?You and Trump now playing golf together?butt kisser?
famous couch dancer Dean Heller pipes up...
Oh and how did you vote to keep all Nevadans covered? 
With the greatest of respect Dean, there are more pressing matters at the moment
My husband cant get an id made said cameras down nationwide ? Were in winnemucca
Dear social media intern: bad timing.
Bad timing, bro.
Mean the same POTUS that you coward down to buy voting nay on Obamacare
