It's trash that lets state legislature extremists collude with insurance execs to bankrupt citizens who don't want to die. You want Koch $.
Do you just not want to be in the Senate in 2018??? Like are you actively sabotaging yourself on purpose??
Even if you give these trolls who never voted for you a point by point presentation they would still post the same garbage comments.
I'm a former Republican. My family knows Heller. We're Mormon. I know healthcare. This doesn't have a CBO. And we hate the bill. How's that?
The CBO score means nothing.  How far off was it on Obamacare?  This only step one so it can't be scored
"Even if you give these trolls...a point by point presentation (on CBO scores) they would still post the same garbage comments."
Look up the scores on Obamacare.... enough said.
"The CBO actually nailed the overall impact of the (ACA) law on the uninsured pretty closely." 

https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/99157846/ …

Enough said.
Apparently you just read the headline.  Read the whole article the part where they didn't even rate so many important things.  Again this P1
Nice (but disingenuous) obfuscation of reality
Not even close. Side by side comparison with first repeal shows this would be even more devastating for your constituents  @SenDeanHeller
It is a terrible bill and will harm many. I will do everything in my power to ensure you are never elected again.
No, not good enough for veterans, children & women, there u go again Senator being spineless & folding ur clueless hand, once again ur fired
Why exactly? Are burned bridges the best solution to upgrading our aging infrastructure?
Then You Use It You Phucctard!!
If it's so good why don't you adopt the plan for members of congress?

Vote NO defend ACA 
Nevada would lose millions. The Medicaid expansion that YOU endorsed at Reno's town hall would be scrapped. This bill is a travesty!
So you now work only for your donors and to hell with your constituents.
Please do not vote for the Graham Cassidy Health Care Plan. Work to fix ObamaCare instead.
so are you saying the other attempts to destroy the ACA were bad ones, but you still voted for them?
Put the health and well-being of your constituents first. The Republican party will find out how strongly Americans feel about this issue.
And to save money so you can give tax cuts to the wealthiest!  Nevada isn't fooled.
You live of the insurance we don't have look at gov run VA system Doomed they can't handle that Obama just gave away to some took away other
Name one medical society who agrees with you. Everyone says this bill is trash.
It is not! You caved under the pressure instead of standing up for your constituents. I will assist the campaign of anyone who opposes you!
This bill is nothing more than a gift to donors that fund your campaigns, at the expense of the poor, elderly and working class. DISGRACEFUL
The GOP really hate sick people. We should call all sick people fetuses then maybe you guys will protect the sick and elderly.
I'm afraid you are embarrassing yourself now...
Preexisting conditions need to be covered immediately lose healthcare insurance pick &choose what they cover WRONG MDs make decisions no INS
Sir, this bill is already dead. Why did you put your name to it?
Your aim should be on improving ACA.......not repeal and replace with a horrendous plan that would be detrimental to so many Nevadans.
It's nowhere near good enough. Stop trying to con the American people.
Senator Heller you will prob get a primary challenge no matter what. Vote No on Cassidy/Graham. People follow strong leaders, not weak ones.
Not even close. Say it all you want, doesn't make it true.
It's BS and we aren't buying it.
You're done!  I'd like to have the same healthcare you now have
Best solution for Nevada constituents is contributing to Jackie Rosen. Dean, you are beyond disappointing. Your behavior is despicable.
Good luck in the private sector
Oooh that #ratio is really gonna hurt. It's around 1100:90 now. #DumpHeller #GrahamCassidy #DeathBill
Quit trying to make fetch happen...
Who bought you off??
You have to get rid of it before you can replace it. Vote to repeal only-NOW
No!  Single Payer is the best solution. Did someone donate money to your campaign?
Our Governor doesn't agree and you are going back on your word to Nevadans. We won't forget.
So, @SenDeanHeller, pulling healthcare from those that need is the best  @gop can do. What are your plans after the election?  Job hunting?
Taking healthcare away from regular folks to give tax breaks to billionaires is an atrocity. Every member of my family will be worse off.
NO!!!!!
Do not vote yes. Fix it rather than throw your constituents to the dogs.
Congratulations on your one term in the Senate
Oh, senator... Is it more important to fund a useless wall than to fund the American people for healthcare? ACA was working until sabotaged
No, controlling healthcare costs would be the best solution. But you'd rather give to the rich & take from the poor.
In states where the poor already get screwed, Graham-Cassidy money won't flow to the powerless poor. This is as predictable as gravity.
how? why? who says? God will punish you..
Every. Single. One. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/911183557170794497 …
Good Bye A Democrat Will Replace you !@KarlRove @MikeLee @BillGates @JeffBezos @tim_cook
@LasVegasSun  at least 4 Pinocchios
This will lead to hundreds of thousands of unnecessary deaths and bankruptcies of Americans.
1.75 million veterans will lose health coverage, no protection for people with pre-existing conditions
You are championing riches of super rich over the health care needs of working and middle class voters.  Truly a sad choice by you.
Literally zero experts on healthcare agree with you. No healthcare organizations support it. Tens of millions will lose coverage
How about you stick your obvious racism right up your ass and stop trying to repeal #Obamacare ?
Thanks for lowing the population on the planet.  People will die under this so-called insurance bill.
Because repeal/replace is more important than taking care of the American people?? #coward #ThrowAmericaUnderTheBus
Lie. It's a monstrous bill. You care only about yourself and don't give a damn about those who are going to lose coverage.
HEY DEAN... HOW'S YOUR FRIEND ?? YOU KNOW THE GUY WITH THE PITCHFORK AT #Charlottesville 
And notice the like to response ratio Senator? This bill is trash. How the hell did Repubs get majority? Oh cheating, that’s right!
Bullshit
shame on you Dean Heller. what did they promise you to make you sell your soul?
Best for whom? I know it's good for the Koch brothers and the insurance companies. The rest of us will be screwed.
Clearly you haven't met or talked to any major medical experts because they ALL disagree with you. Might want to visit with your governor.
Coward.
you are a fool and a liar
Really? You can craft the “best solution” in a couple of weeks with no debate, no CBO score & no support of any medical groups? #Shame
Your mission should be to make sure that NEVADANS & all Americans have affordable healthcare, not to repeal anything.
Right now you’re taking orders from Adelson, Wynn & the Koch brothers. We see you & you’ll have our response very soon. They can’t save you!

Breaking: @GovSandoval doubles down on criticism of health-care bill sponsored by @SenDeanHeller; state analysis says NV could lose $2B. https://twitter.com/meganmesserly/status/911038903393513472 …
U care more about your own pocket & being re-elected vs the people u supposedly represent. You are a perfect example of why people hate govt
Don't hide behind the lie u are helping Americans, If so great why is congress exempted. Why bribe Alaska w keeping ACA? This plan will kill
No actually worst bill yet but all u care about is getting that donor money from ppl like Koch who shut it off til you get them tax cuts
LIAR. Millions lose cover & costs skyrocket for everyone else. Ends Medicare. Disabled,seniors,women,vets lose cover.
#ACA, better than DEAD
November 2018 is coming for you.
You're bought and paid for.
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL YOUR FAT ASS IS BOOTED OUT.
You can suckle Sheldon's teat
That's ridiculous, do the right thing senator don't throw 32 million people to the curb
No

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
Best when compared to...?
Ur true motivation 4 repealing Obamacare is 2 appease ur political benefactors. U don't care about ppl's healthcare, you care about ! Sick!
“Repealing and replacing” the ACA with this terrible bill is not the best solution to legitimate problems with the healthcare system, though
This awful bill is not a solution at all—it will resolve none of the problems that need addressing. In fact, it will make them far worse.

Got a preexisting condition? Here's how much extra you'll pay under #GrahamCassidy. https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/18/439091/graham-cassidy-aca-repeal-bill-cause-huge-premium-increases-people-pre-existing-conditions/ … 
oh, so graham says heller says that heller-graham's bill is great.  now that's news worth tweeting, lindsey.  good job
And what little present did they leave under your tree, Sen. Heller?
Nope
All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare
If by "best" you mean "tear healthcare from millions of people," then yes.
In what universe?????
There is no need to "repeal and Replace". But there is a need for honest insurance including preexisting. Amend, eliminating waivers.
You are a traitor to your constituents. You should be ashamed
@LindseyGrahamSC NO it isn't. We know that and so do you.
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
You know it is not a good solution. We can't have 50 different plans! People will flee states with weak plans.
If you think 243,000 Nevadans losing coverage is the best solution for health insurance, you should be repealed and replaced in 2018.
Just deplorable...
In 2018 your base will notice their premiums are up or they have lost their insurance and they WILL vote you OUT!
Are you high?
It’s an atrocious piece of crap that will destroy American lives.
You're lying again!
"... because the best way to reduce the number of sick people is to let them all die. It's MATH."

Trying to bribe Alaska to vite against but then keep ACA says its not that bad. No one is fooled
This is a lie. Save the ACA.
Garbage solution that favors the rich. Grow a spine!


We know who Andy Slavit is!omg shut up. You greedy Koch employee
No, no its not. Bipartisan discussion and debate will get a good solution not this crap!
WHY?  Don't just use words EXPLAIN YOURSELF.
Especially if you care more about Adelson, Wynn and the Koch boys than your fellow Nevadans.
No, the best solution is to just improve on Obamacare
That U Will Be Voted Out For This UGLY HEALTH CARE PLAN!!!!
How can we repeal and replace you? This is no better than any of your previous ten failed attempts and by God's will you will fail again
Trumpie got ya huh HELLER  too bad.  Thoughts you had balls
Protest
Name one healthcare organization or insurance company that supports this crap bill.
It's attempted murder, which I sure hope that god you all exploit so much is okay with
@LindseyGrahamSC wrong. Best solution is to fix the ACA so we can afford insurance for my daughter, an 11 yo cancer survivor.
under your plan, her care would bankrupt us. That's not real coverage for preexisting conditions. She's 11.
Stop with the politics and get back to working for the people. We need you to do better. She's 11.
If it's sooooo good ... why can you barely get the votes to pass it
Your solution will bankrupt my family and kill my wife. If you decide not to "repeal and replace" many people won't die or go bankrupt
PLEASE NO! READ IT AND DO THE NUMBERS FOR YOUR STATE. YOUR CONSTITUENTS DESERVE AT LEAST THAT MUCH!
Says the spine-less lap dog for Trump...  You would do well to find some courage and a sense of morality. You are the definition of WEAK!
Then how about fix Obama care instead ... if that's the best you can do

African American elected president finally provided ALL Americans w/ health insurance?? I
So basically your stance is "let's draw up any kind of bill we can, no matter how bad it is". Bc y'all still can't stand the fact that an
You are so wrong all of you. SHAME! None of you would give up your coverage and try it. You make me ill.
These 4 assholes willing to take away healthcare from people to satisfy their rich donors! Shame!!!
#firstDoNoHarm
Fake American
Start looking for another job bc your tenure as senator is soon over. Or, vote NO on this horror show of a bill taking our healthcare away.
Yes their Deathcare bill is what's best to help line the pockets of the multi-billion dollar insurance companies.
It's the best solution to endanger your constituents.  It is NOT the answer.
All 50 states are against it.
#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
So wrong!

Hope Trump has a nice gig lined up for you
Except that it will need to be tweaked just as ACA needs to be tweaked.
Zero credibility! You can't possibly care about your constituents thinking this is a good solution.
That's not what your smart, compassionate governor believes. You've sold your soul to the Koch brothers. U won't be reelected if u vote yes.
Jacky Rosen is the best solution to repeal and replace Dean Heller.
Dude, you shld check in w/ .@GovSandoval. He has a v. different opinion based on the bill's impact in the state you're supposed to represent
So killing people is what you want shame on your for not working for your people
30 million folks can't afford to lose their healthcare. It will gut healthcare, but doesn't fix anything.  Does give rich tax cuts.
I lost everything pre-ACA. My husband was terminal & I had to keep my job to keep his insurance. Switching jobs risked his life. Stop this!
The fuck it is
Don't recall Koch Bros running for Congress. Have you given any thought to your backup plan in 2018?
You spent 7 years yelling  and trying to kill ACA,but along the way ppl began to like it but you just kept yelling out of habit. We want ACA
You will regret this stance for the rest of your life.
Oh so you've seen the CBO analysis already? And you disagree with every major health outlet? You dont stand a chance next election
You know it isn't. You really do. I guess you don't care about your constituents?
Dirty Dean Heller
SHAME on you, your own govenor doesn't support!! Political donations over health care!
.@SenDeanHeller So why r u trying to bribe @lisamurkowski by letting Alaska keep ACA? Ur bill sucks & Alaska, AMA & AHIP have all said so.
@LindseyGrahamSC and obviously since your name is on it you're a big fan no matter how many people are hurt by it.
Is that what the Koch Bros. think? Sorry to see you sell your constituents out, Mr. Heller. I was hoping you were better than this, but no.
Your governor @BrianSandoval &, oh, EVERYONE else, disagrees. TrumpCare 5.0 is a disaster that will hurt millions of people. For tax cuts.
Best solution for a tax cut to your wealthy donors, not the best for the people you are supposed to represent #timetogethonest #voteno
Wrong. Listen to the Governor of your own state as well as health professionals, organizations, and the people who will lose their benefits.
Sure is, if you endeavor to KILL Nevadans. Instead you should
#KillGrahamCassidy
I wonder how those like you can sleep at night? Do you have children? Grandchildren? Ailing parents? Anyone with a preexisting condition?
No.
You had 8 years to come up with the "best solution". This one was slapped together in a few hours to appease donors. You know it sucks.
Not even close. This bill is cruelty. Shame on you for supporting this bill, and for lying about what it will do to us.
Shame on you Senator.  I will be looking for any opponent of yours to donate to
No it is not!! You are throwing people in need of coverage under the bus for a WIN!!!
Are you serious?!? Totally irresponsible. I say whoever votes for this should give up their government health plans. #standwithkimmel
We hear the donor's told ya'll you better pass something or lose money..who do you work for?
#regularorder why is the GOP so afraid of open hearings and debate?
Would you say it’s the #FinalSolution ?
Senator, you KNOW this bill is the worst one yet. AND that we can #FixACA. Shame on you and your craven, soulless @GOP.
Dean, what happened? Back end deal maybe? Earmarks for Nevada? The bill is no different, in most estimations WORSE, now you support? SAD!
I hope you lose the next time you run for office.
It's pretty obvious if GOP senators really want constituent support, there's one plan that beats all those proposed: Obamacare.
I live and vote in Nevada and I do not agree with you. You need to vote NO on this bill #Obamacare
ya know, you could just fix Obamacare instead of kicking 30M+ people to the curb.
