Will you go to the funerals of the lowly everyday Nevadans you kill with this rich-man-windfall? No, you don't care.
You forgot to say for wealthiest 1 %
Nice tax breaks for your big shot cronies. At the cost of healthcare for millions. Can't wait for 2018!
Reminder for Dean & @MarkAmodeiNV2:
Let's be clear to Congress:

You work for us, not the billionaires.

…
You're bragging about the devastation you caused for Nevada families?
Disgusting GOP lies! You voted to make the wealthy wealthier. Not to help the middle class.
Not even @realDonaldTrump calls it #TaxRelief call it what it is #TaxCuts for #Adelson & #Kochs
If states are the true laboratories of our democracy, we should learn from what happened in Kansas when Republicans cut taxes for the rich: https://twitter.com/Indivisible_KC/status/922135503755005953 …
@TeamDean @DeanHeller How stupid do you think Nevadans are?
Again, you are clueless

Trump threatens our Constitution, our freedoms, and our lives. It’s time to begin impeachment proceedings. Join us. https://www.needtoimpeach.com  
Read the replies Senator!  Get with the program!
Heller tweets & replies go against him by a landslide 
Dean Heller is like a flat spoon everybody else calls it a knife.
I hear the words tax reform & tax cut which is it? I hear middle class but not much about lower middle. What is income middle class range?
When do we see the tax plan? Trying to lie up front and release the bill at the last possible chance didn't work for sham health bill.
You couldn't wait to add $1.3 trillion to the deficit could you!! As usual your not thinking of the middle class !!! U should be ashamed! !
How does taking our money from Medicare help NV seniors?  Medicaid, too?
Don't you really mean Sheldon Aldel sons tax cut. Forget everybody else.
taxrelief for the billionaires, while helping the middle class with nothing.
No one but the 1% wants this
If you really knew that a majority of Medicare enrolled people are people that CHOOSE not to work. I'm not supporting the lazy.
Nah, working class families get it more in more cases. Plus you will pay for it and at a higher cost than Medicaid
You support  trillion dollars in Medicare/Medicaid cuts. Lower caps on 401k contributions, eliminating state/local deductions
All so your donors can get a huge tax break and blow a hole in the deficit. How do you and @MarkAmodeiNV2 sleep at night?
Republicans are like the broke big brother always asking the Democrats his little brother for their money
Lower Taxes for all Americans...don’t listen to these Democrat Plants.
And voted to open the ANWR to oil drilling and exploration. I hope you live a long life with the stain of what you're leaving my generation
Buy in With TRUMP SPENCE and CUT Medicare, Medicaid and affordable health insurance while GIVING TAX BREAKS to the RICH! BS, SIR!
So proud of my retarded senator. Good job, big guy
That's a good start.
Under proposed plan how much percentage savings would Warren Buffett save vs. someone in the middle-class? Specifics would  be a
Big help!
Please don't take us for fools and try to pull the wool over our eyes. We are counting on you.
It's not tax relief when you take away their healthcare. People will die and then they can't pay taxes. Your #taxreform makes no sense.
You voted to keep Obama Care! You’re a liar!
Why are you so proud of yourself? You just voted to screw the people of NV, you better hope your soul is worth it.
You are so going down deanie boy.
So tax relief for buddy Sheldon!  What about the run of thee mill middle class-you are such a hypocrite!
Tax relief for Nevadans? That’s a joke right? You meant to say tax relief for your cronies? That would be more truthful.
And increase the deficit by 1.5 TRILLION. Looks like it's time again to clear congress of the GOP and let the Dems fix the economy. Again.
And we haven't forgotten.
Tax cuts for the wealthy donors Adelson and Wynn. No integrity! #Morontrump
June 23! we won't forget your lie about protecting healthcare and you lie about tax cuts for the wealthy. Trickle down is a lie
You voted for a trillion $ in deficits and cuts to Medicare and Medicaid to pay for wealthy tax cuts. #spineless #moron #wealthcare
You’re completely off your rocker we do not need tax relief.
you're the worst.
Remember you are a Republican and you should support your president remember that Dean
Why do you hate us. You've paved a way for tax relief of wealthy Nevadans,  not 98% of us. What has poisoned your judgement?
do you mean by voting for a ghastly budget....Dean I like you as a person but I am so sad to see you follow the crowd.  This budget is sick
families named Adelson.
To benefit the wealthy.
Dude, you are just not good at your job. Arithmetic must have been your lifelong enemy Senator.
You will be accountable to God, and you'd better hope he's got more compassion than you do.  Shame on you.
You mean the Wynn & Adelson families? 80% of benefit goes to top 1% & explodes deficit, so not many NV families will benefit.
I’m eager to get you out of there. You’ve been a huge amount of trouble !
Stated up for our President Trump
Sheldon thank you!
How do tax cuts for the super rich and cutting Medicare help NV families?
Vote no on tax reform, trickle down economics has never worked
What you meant to say was...Just voted to enrich my wealthy campaign contributors and increase the gap between the rich and poor.
1%
Repeal ACA cut Medicaid expansion/Reduce corp income tax rate to 15%stimulate investment-job growth/Pass Kate's Law, RAISE Act, Border Wall.
Your vote to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling hurts the Gwich'in, to whom the Refuge is sacred. https://sojo.net/articles/protecting-refuge-protecting-future …
Don't get too comfortable you're going to be repealed and replaced 2018
After yesterday - how can you, in good conscience, support Donald Trump?  Stand tall and walk away.
You voted to ream us .You voted to cut our health care so the rich could become obscenely http://rich.You  voted to kill us Heller.
That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works!
It’s been almost three weeks since Oct 1. Can we talk about common sense gun laws now? We remember your vote in 2013.
Is this a round about way to say Las Vegas paving is getting a tax break?
Please continue to fight for all the people. Know that us retired live on fixed income we need this tax cut. 
Wrong vote,  senator.  But, at least you are in good standing with the go along to get along crowd.
Did you actually read it?
I have been following the tax proposals, generally in favor of lower rates. Love repatriation of overseas money, and 1 year write off
They repatriate the money and it goes into stock buy backs and CEO pockets. If you think this benefits you, you are a fool.
Kleptocrat
"Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."

#kansas

Did you know Reagan raised taxes 10 times?
but I'm sure your non plan is much better than those other plans that failed.

right?

Right?

RIGHT?

#kansas
did you ever share with us all the loopholes that will be closed to allow for a 20% corporate rate? you have those on paper? right? Right?
so will you hand us a damp towel to clean up when your done or just kiss us and tell us you love us before you leave?
oh my --- now I see how easy it is to type stupid stuff into tweeter. 

your job is pretty easy @SenDeanHeller 

right?

Right?

RIGHT?
so what was your soul worth @SenDeanHeller ? $10M? $20M? 

Sheldon has waaaaay more than that. 

right?

Right?

RIGHT?
smh
All of a sudden you’re eager to get to work?  Repeal Obamacare that’s work to be done & was promised by you
Just voted to once again screw over #NV families. You'll have a helluva time fixing my mess, but you should at least try.
I fixed it for you
You mess with Ｍedicare and social security and your road will be really long.  Looking for a new job.

What a lie! That tax plan won’t help Nevada families. It will help the millionaires.  Stop lying!
Billionaires, actually.
This is the most insane thing possible to wreck the USA economy. Are you all Russian trolls?
Sen Suck Up please don’t extol your alleged virtues. We know you’re a fraud.  town halls? Healthcare? Gun control?  @RalstonReports
Hope you are happy. Once again, we will all remember your votes to hurt us people when it comes time to vote. Not for you.
I'm sure all your wealthy friends will be thankful. Trickle down fails always. So how many jobs will I need now to survive this policy
For a new job, I hope!
give a tax cut to the rich but not the #workingpeople who do more per capita spending in the economy didn’t u take economics? Give us the $$
How does this help me? If you won't answer, then guess who's out next election cycle? Go on, guess.
Bad vote on ACA
The only people getting "tax relief", are your Puppet Masters, the 1%. The rest of the people are getting royally screwed.
For the rich...you left that out.
Your vote wasn't for NV families, it was for wall st millionairs. NV is done with the GOP they bring nothing but failure.
Uh huh n so they can’t filibuster. I hope everyone gets their voter registrations in order!!!!!!! #Elections18!!! #sad
Disappointing that you're cutting taxes for folks that don't need it and exploding the deficit at the same time.
Which NVs? YO and your rich buddies?
You’re a coward Sir. You blackballed an entire media outfit because of your feelings. How’s the healthcare vote looking in those 30 sec ads?
Screwed the middle class so Casino billionaires get a tax break.
Nevada’s watching!
Trickle down still doesn't work. Look at Kansas. Reagan had to raise taxes 3 times to make up for it. Get off the billionaire kool-aid.
I hope you took out the repeal of the Estate Tax, you might call it the "Death tax." It only helps indiv/cpls with $5mm/$10mm or more.
#2018
It only helps the 1% keep more money when the tax dollars could be spent on more meaningful things in our communities like infrastructure.
You factually voted 4 $billions in #taxcuts 4 the richest Americans which will add $trillions 2 the deficit, & misrepresent it as #TaxRelief
Or you'll face trumps tweets. What's best. Do what's right or cave to a deranged lotus?
Remember: senatorial nonentity @SenDeanHeller is devoting his dwindling career boosting Trump's war on healthcare/tax cuts for wealthy.
History shows that trickle down economics does not help the middle class or small businesses.
It's not going to help us you liar.


Hey, Senator, if you're getting to work does that mean you got new kneepads?
No actual details of what the actual #Taxrelief is that will help #NV  A link please to view the details on what you voted to pave our way.
Honest, your constituents marvel at your dishonesty, #DuplicitousDean. You well know middle class will see little relief.  STOP lying.
   This is what #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP seems to be really good at lately #TrumpIsALiar
#dirtydeanheller sold his soul for tax cuts and a ride on a plane
No, you're eager to put millions back in the pockets of the wealthy 1%
You just voted to hurt my family Senator. I know you don’t care, but this tax reform will hurt my children.
Are you going to ask for an investigation into #NigerAttack Are you going to condemn #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump for his treatment of
Sgt Johnson’s widow and family? Will you demand #TrumpCrimeFamily release his taxes #TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver #goodbyeHeller2018
No you voted to cut Medicare funds and transfer funds to a taxcut for the rich!  Tired of #GOP lies
Thanks for nothing.
Once again Heller working to hurt Nevada. Cutting taxes for only the richest taking away Medicare and Medicaid from almost everyone.
More lies by repubs on taxes. Poor pay more; uberrich pay less & get windfall from no estate taxes. Avg person gets <$1000. 
Yeah, who was it that said we could remodel our kitchens, buy a new car, or go on vacation for $1000? Yeah, right!
This so called #taxrelief from the #FakePresident is in NO WAY MEANT TO HELP NV FAMILIES. It’s meant to help billionaires like #asshat don
How do you sleep at night?
Some nights it starts with a massage. Other nights, just turn down service, and a mint on his pillow.
We'll boot you next year, Senator!!!!
You're invited to the #DeanHellerRetirementParty November 6, 2018!
Liar.
You just voted for our next recession. You suck and you’re going to lose re-election and I’m going to laugh.
sure...the Adelson family...
Wrong
Thank you! #MAGA
more empty rhetoric from dean heller the font of hubris
