checking in again to see if you found your soul and will save the children and teachers from betsy devos.
Let's all get rid of Heller in 2018 election. He is famous for ignoring his constituents. He's gotta go.
So all 3 of your offices have been having technical difficulties at the same time for the past week? Stunning coincidence!
Let's all get rid of Heller in 2018 election. He is famous for ignoring his constituents. He's gotta go.
who is running against him
The winner. Name: tbd.
vote for Devos and see what happens come reelection time.Hope she has a job for you
Let's all get rid of Heller in 2018 election. He is famous for ignoring his constituents. He's gotta go.
Stop making excuses and pick up the damn phone.
Let's all get rid of Heller in 2018 election. He is famous for ignoring his constituents. He's gotta go.
vote NO on DeVoss or your constituents will vote NO on you!
your job is tenuous at best at this point. Want to be elected in Nevada again? Vote NO on DeVos
Support NV Public Schools NO on DeVos
Why don't you figure out why WCSD got so overpopulated?  We not forecast the population growth?  @BetsyDeVos will make worse!
You are spineless to vote for @BetsyDeVos.  Not good for our children.
money and party loyal wins over NV students
Vote No on DeVos!
YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED AS THE ONE  W/ A CONSCIENCE.
Please do what's right and listen to your constituents. The majority has spoken. #NotoDeVos
Is this going to be you, senator?
NYT asks for "one Republican with integrity" to step up and take down Betsy DeVos http://hill.cm/Doxl4G3  
Vote No on DeVos! She's unqualified. Do the right thing for the students of NV!
people are calling because your VOTING AGAINST OUR CHILDREN'S INTERESTS with DeVos vote. Fix it vote NO
If you care about our nations teachers, our children and your constituents you would vote #NoDeVos
Grow a spine for today's DeVos vote, otherwise our kids may not know the difference between a vertebrate and an invertebrate.
Isn't the state of education bad enough in NV yet? Grow a spine and vote no on DeVos or go work for Amway in 2018 #NoBetsy
I will do everything in my power to make sure that @SenDeanHeller is not re-elected because of his shameful decision to confirm @BetsyDeVos
I'm asking fellow Nevada voters to look into your support for #Devos. #ManUp #DoTheRightThing
DeVos: manifestly unqualified, will undermine public schools, huge conflicts of interest. Vote NO! http://www.freep.com/story/opinion/editorials/2017/01/30/devos-nomination-senate-vote/97243810/ …
VOTE FOR WHAT IS RIGHT NOT FOR THE PARTY.  200M DONATION IS A BUY FOR CABINET SEAT.
SHAME. YOUR VOTE MEANS A LOT TO EDUC.
how's the investigation going into ur phone lines?
Get with the program Dean ... DeVos is uniquely UNQUALIFIED!!!
Republicans support Trump. Liberal Anarchists do not. You are either a Democrat or a Republican.
Please reconsider and vote NO on Betsy Devos . She is bad for education and we will all remember how you voted in 2018.
He voted for @BetsyDeVos - Ill be voting against Heller the next time around.
#StopDeVos #holdthefloor strong. Please vote no!
Do not let this nut job with no knowledge of federal law run Education!
NV education already ranked lowest in Nation DeVos is unqualified to address NV needs
just got through on phone. They said they were hearing from both sides on the issue of DeVos. I would like to see the numbers
In a stunning (and completely unpredictable) development - all 3 of your numbers are suddenly and magically working again!
can u ask the Senate to look further in to Trump's business conflicts, Devos, Sessions & Bannon? Much more important!
You're a Democrat, you can't vote for him.
You're a Democrat, you can't vote for him.
vote no for DeVos.
#TaketheDeVosPledge WHO's advocating us, Educators, while we are advocating for our students? Do you have our backs?!?!
How about you have someone look into this matter for you instead. No DeVos. No Blackwater. No government cronyism.

Vote no to DeVos!You rep a large rural state who will not benefit from school choice She is unqualified period! Tried calling
Your "supporters"(or those who will vote u out of office in '18 if u confirm DeVos)want to reach u. http://bit.ly/2k2Bj4G 
And Dean?I faxed this to u 3 times, why haven't u responded? We-The People-hired you.And it's looking like we the people will be firing you.
you are my senator! If I wanted a Democrat in office I would have voted for one! Vote like a Republican and stop the turncoat
it's not hard,clear your voice mail,clear your inbox,answer your phones,turn on the fax,grow a pair &face your constituents.
"Dean Heller? Hell No!" (Paid for by NV Citizens Against Dean Heller, 2018.)
Please vote AGAINST Betsy DeVos for education secretary. She's unqualified, anti-public school, wants to defund public school
vote no de vos
This is the message we are trying to leave for you: Vote against #DeVos or get voted out in 2018.
Do you plan to look further into the fact that constituents are FLOODING your phones begging you to vote No on DeVos?
Yes, I've been trying to call for 3 days at all your offices. Devos is a hack - unethical and incompetent.  Vote NO on Devos
please put our children above politics and vote no on Devos. Please.
Please vote with your conscience today.Betsy Devos is not qualified to run the Dept of Education. Our children depend on you.
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos this morning.  Let's not give the children of the country more to worry about.
Stop avoiding your #Nevada constituents. No on #BetsyDeVos.
please vote NO on Betsy Devos tomorrow. #NoonDeVos
5 kids 1 bullied 3 learning disability 1 homeschool Devos never walked in our shoes vote NO we matter
5 kids 1 bullied 3 learning disability 1 homeschool Devos never walked in our shoes vote NO we matter
the nv snowflakes are turning into an avalanche #noDevos
Nevada will not stand for you standing with Devos. You know in your heart she has no experience.no go
@FOX5Vegas just reported on Nevadans (unanswered) outcry 2 u. Vote NO on DeVos. Listen to us!
Vote NO in DeVos and do the right thing for your constituents - PLEASE!!!!
What school choice does a student in Incline Village have?ALL pub. schools deserve support & resources to excel! #dumpdevos
save title 1 funding #DumpDevos  vote no
Don't forget faxing until phone ok
Phone: 702-388-6605 775-686-5770 202-224-6244
Fax: 702-388-6501 775-686-5729 202-228-6753
I will fight to depose you in 2018.
you vote for DeVos and Adelson can NOT save you
please vote for Betsy DeVos
you are wrong.
Put Education first in NV. Vote NO on DeVos!
politicians lose elections when they ignore constituents. Vote what the people want! Say NO to Devos!!
No one buys this. My son & friends will vote in Northern NV in 2018. Good luck with that.
Please say no to DeVos!
#VoteNoDevos
Can't call you & you don't respond to emails or tweets. Either you're ducking NV or need help. Maybe both? @TheNVIndy
ok. Just look at her Senate hearing. This is the secretary of EDUCATION.  This is not about policy. It's about competence.
PLEASE VOTE NO TO DEVOS
I'm sure they'll find a resolution the minute the vote is over 
No to Devos!  Our children are depending on you!
vote NO on Devos!
You redefine cowardice
Vote no, PLEASE
please vote no to Devos have a spine
protect our children..have some dignity and vote no for Devos. How much $$ does it take to buy a vote? #VoteNoDevos #2018
lemme guess: radical liberal conspiracy? It certainly can't be the Russians right?
no to Devos save our schools from GOP greed
