Except transgender veterans?
Or non-citizens that served but have now been deported?
How can you stand by Trump?

Yet another Trumpster that so boldly resorts to name calling. Slow clap.

I'm not a socialist. But I see you've devolved in your name calling.
So impressive!

I'm sure your mother would love to hear this.
You're such a charmer with all the ladies I bet!

Glad @realDonaldTrump chose reno to #resigntrump

Hey william, your hero don is nothing but a psycho, who 98% of the time is off his meds

Ya, news flash for you. HRC isn't president. A psychopath russia loving #asshat is in the @WhiteHouse and he needs to be removed #Impeach45

Only problem with that picture is, I'm not a liberal. . https://t.co/oJugWXI2JL?ssr=true

Did you see 3000 demonstrators outside the Convention Hall today ?  The signs against you & Trump were TRUTHFUL.  .@SenDeanHeller

Speak for yourself.  What would your mother say ?

The fastest path to an early political retirement is supporting the completely inept @realDonaldTrump and his administration of morons.
Idiot
Soooo classy
You chose the wrong side Mr. Heller.  We will never forget. #VoteHellerOut
Did he ever mention anything about the 10?
Disgrace can't waiting to volunteer for whom ever runs against you 
Enjoy your cozy relationship while it lasts, loser. It won't be long before "You're Fired"
Couldn't agree more. On that note, the Reno VA has done 100% right by me. Bunch of great folks up there!
Two years from now no one will remember @SenDeanHeller was ever in the Senate;a tumbleweed nonentity who did his worst before blowing away..


milquetoast heller can't take a real stand on real health care reform..
That's great now what about our citizens Healthcare Senator Heller?

You tweet too much.
Was this part of the trade for your vote on healthcare bill? "Look, he wants to remain a senator, doesn't he?" Blackmailing NV is not funny.
You are complicit in wanting to destroy healthcare for many Nevadans. We will not forget in 2018.
I'm certain you could have tweeted your delight for the veterans without mentioning the man who emasculated you on national television.
Your tweet praising POTUS is pathetic. My first impression was u had backbone to oppose trump's healthcare position but u chose to cave.
But not Gold Star families.
It's great that you're improving healthcare for veterans, but what about everyone else?
Heller voted to take Medicaid away from 200k, defund Planned Parenthood,& begged constituents not to boo at town halls(which he didn't hold)
Disgusting
Baloney!
But please continue to do nothing
what's wrong w u mentioning POTUS? Jump off the sinking ship
We live no where near a VA facility. My husband gets EXCELLENT CARE from the VA. We are impressed with the VA!
Your bill. Your gonna get fired. How about healthcare Repeal
Mr Heller. I agree. Now get healthcare done as well as tax reform.
That is great! Expect to see you work for tax and health care reform. Think about the country and not just your personal success.
We don't want that racist pig in our Biggest Little City!!! You Mr Heller MUST vote yes on impeachment or find another job next year!
"Don't boo": Trump's dupe in wars on women's health,envrnmnt etc. What comm ind paid him to sell your i'net privacy:
Your unconditional support of Trump shows your constituents your true values, priorities and character. Distinctly disappointing revelation.
Good! Trump is going to create many more disabled veterans and surviving families.

Serious question. What dirt does 45 have on you? Other GOP are coming to their senses, yet you still kiss his ___.  What gives?
Maybe he's looking for an early political retirement.

You hired him to be a Twitter troll? That's all he's accomplished.
I hope the women near him were protected from his tiny hands.
Please don't listen to this hatred. Stay the course Dean. We have to change our approach to get our county back.

Trump is the biggest embarrassment and biggest threat this country has ever seen. Kissing his ass won't help you.
Great,always support vets!But u r out in 2018. #SkinnyRepeal vote&u blindly supported outrageous/unqualified cabinet picks. #hellerout2018
Danny T's full page ad in the Gazette Journal is looking straight at you. Even a neanderthal like Tarkanian can see through your false front
Voting you out next term
well played, President Grabby
Vote Heller out. He has betrayed Nevadans.

Why are you endorsing this idiot
Nice way to knuckle under to the guy that threatened you in front of cameras for all to see.  #hellersout

Is he there to meet your friend, too?
Disgusting to align yourself with a national embarrassment.
He's not welcome here!

Me too. I didn't want all that drama in Vegas. 

To drama? A lot of people don't care for it. If that's what rocks your socks, though, I won't judge you.
ANd you are proving it by creating more vets by sending them to Afghanistan!


Donald Trump is now using the language of race war http://trib.al/3uvATXW 
Host a Townhall you coward!!!
@SenDeanHeller you suck and you will get voted out because you sabotaged @POTUS and the healthcare bill.  You won't become governor either.
Now he can leave and get his stinking sekf out of our State Nevadans dont want him here
You mean the guy who is trying to get you to lose your position?
You do know he probably won't support you.....
I take it u didn't see his public insane meltdown rally in Arizona gawd u GOP are vile human beings he does have the nuke codes u know this

Chose Reno to get out of the office. You on the other hand - further you stay away from DC the better.
"Don't boo@ Heller voted to confirm Scott Pruitt,whose mission seems to be despoiling the environment in service to the fossil fuel industry
are you glad you voted to take away health care from many in NV?

Just fucking stop it, Dean.  You didn't even serve.  Don't try to piggy-back on this shit.
Complicit. Bend over.
You already sold us out. U keep changing your stance on issues. You can go down with him cause he is nuts.
Glad you got your bill signed. Still embarrassed by you sitting next to DT while he threatened you. Watch it with the sound off some time.
I'm sorry Mr president. I'll be good !
Trump and his criminal family are financially raping this country. He could care less about vets or anyone else. Move to #ImpeachTrump
Ummm interesting you would be out touting him today. All I need to know.

Dean, come on man, quit kissing his ass, he's going to screw you!
Hmm have you been listening to your Vets, a lot of them are a little pissed at @realDonaldTrump at his condoning of hate and bigotry
STAND UP to this petulant child emperor you failure. Nevada does not support this nazi in chief and you're up in 2018 ya bish 
What are you doing to protect wild horses?
This may be the most pathetic tweet you've ever sent... and that's really saying something of late... your political career is over
#NODEANIN2018 <-- CONSTITUENT PROMISE! You're done in NV! Rubber stamps need not apply for service to Nevada @DannyTarkanian so don't bother
You're political career is o v e r!

What about those veteran he blocked on Twitter?  Trump only cares about vets who make him look good, don't fool yourself.
It's going to be hysterical when he backs Tark over you...then we elect Rosen.
Still ejoying the DT Koolaid, I see, Heller? You're losing credibly every time you back him
But let's f* over the rest of Nevadans needing Medicaid for things like, oh, cancer?! You're a @realDonaldTrump sycophant & horrible person
Sure!  Nothing like having a nazi sympathizer in our state!
A draft dodger, by definition, DOES NOT and CAN NOT put veterans first. @realDonaldTrump is a cowardly man.
Dirty Dean @jonlovett
How do you tweet and deep throat trump at the same time?

You need to stand up to him and not kiss his ass. You're better than that. Do the right thing. He's destroying our country and he's sick.
Here's dean before voting to steal our healthcare. Stand up to the Bully, Dean o.
stop sucking up to @POTUS, sycophant. He doesn't put vets 1st--he barely thinks of vets bc he's too busy thinking of himself.
Trump fails to mention vets who die for USA, or makes pathetic remarks upon hearing of their deaths like "that's too bad."
ROFLMAO @realDonaldTrump and "hard work" belong in the same statement as the acronym "j/k".

He blocked @votevets on twitter. He loves those vets!
Trump is a damn fool and an embarrassment to our country
Why isn't your name on this list? Do you support white supremacist???! https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
