What religious ban?  There is no religious ban.  These are seven dangerous places with lots of terrorism.
Muslims from less threatening places are entering all the time.  Please do not repeat this propoganda.
Tell Rudy we aren't buying the bullshit narrative, especially after he leaked the truth
Guiliani said clearly it isn't a muslim ban, which of course it isn't.  Sad you have to lie.
The first words out of his mouth were "the Muslim ban". What an idiot.
And there hasn't been a ban of muslims.  Wonder why some keep saying there has.
Because people aren't as gullible and ignorant as you are.
So they focused on DANGER, not on religion.  You show what a lie the "muslim ban" is.  Thanks
so after all the terrorist attacks in America from 9/11 to Orlando is this your answer to Trump securing our borders

sorry brah but non citizens have no protection under us constitution. Quite a simple fact
The constitution states all men are created equal; not all citizens.
Read the Preamble to constitution..  shd enlighten you as 2 who  constitution applies

No I said read the Preamble to the constitution not find quotes 2 meet ur narrative.
As a Nevadan who has voted for you repeatedly, I am shocked that you would call this a religious ban.  Did you READ the EO?
your Not a Conservative your in the range of McCann ,Graham
If DJT really cared about our safety, he would concentrate on domestic policy. The fear of outsiders is misplaced.
Dopey, it's not a religious ban!
The it is your DUTY as an elected official to stand up to Trump as conservatives had a fit when they thought Obama governed through EOs.
At last a sane statement out of your office.  Trump is nuts. Move to impeach
It's NOT a Muslim Ban Learn to Read
1/2 Then you must vote NO for Sessions as AG. I'm a NV resident and will be watching your vote.
2/2  2018 elections are right around the corner and this state seems to be turning more blue than red.
It's not religious, it's SAME 7 countries of terrorist "concern" identified by Pres Obama
Quit pussyfooting around! He is a megalomaniac building his dictatorship! #resist

Does not sound like you support President Trump? There is nothing about religion in the order.
thank you
I think the poor victims of the machete wielding man shouting Allah ackbar in Paris might disagree with you
I'm beginning to find it hard to support you. Not sure I can vote for you again. Hopefully you will stop this nonsense.
let's make one thing clear Senator if you support Jeff Sessions you support this ban. #RejectJeffSessions
you know that Sessions has concerning history & also was a main legal architect to disguise Trump's #MuslimBan.Pls vote no !
.@SenDeanHeller Thank you for speaking out against the executive order on refugees. Please take action to repeal or block the order.
Senator Dean aren't you suppose to back the President?
You have got to stop him now... Dangerous
“appearance” is not quite good enough (so close!).  You’re up in 2018- choose your actions wisely! #NoBanNoWall
not the appearance of religious ban---a religious ban period!
Stop being FEARFUL of APPEARANCES! This is a good start--48%-57% of Americans agree. Now follow-through on the Senate floor.
, glad to see this tweet. Sent a fax to your D.C. ofc about this issue over the weekend.
thank you Glad to hear you defend the rights of all people.  I hope 2018 finds you still supporting this cause
You fail to be informed by facts instead of emotion. This is a #nationalsecurity issue not a ban. When did you become a Dem?
took you long enough did McConnell have to give permission
Thankyou senator
it's NOT a religious ban..only 7 countries are affected..NOT all Muslim Countries..so that kills your theory
It's not a religious ban! It's a ban against those who would love to see us dead! Nothing wrong with vetting!
Where is RELIGION or even the word MUSLIM mentioned in Trump's EO? Is the Muslim Brotherhood telling you what to tweet? Sad.
Overly BROAD!? Seven Nations is OVERLY BROAD? How do you choose which "groups" of people too ban, Senator?
thank you
Finally, thanks for saying the right thing, now go back it up with actions please
'overly broad'? Seriously?!
you do not want to associate with @realDonaldTrump. History will not be kind to you.
thank you. But something must be done to reverse the EO.
I support your opposition to the president's orders on immigration. It's the only American thing to do.
your choice of words are irresponsible and just adds to the confusion. GET OUT OF THE SWAMP!!
arent you just repeating the media? This is NOT about religion- it's about TERRORISM-
I don't want Sharia Law in my back yard!
Point to me where in the order it banned "Muslims" or specified more countries than Syria
Thank you for standing up for our country's principles.
A+ work, Senator
thought u took an oath to uphold Constitution & law of America to protect & defend America & your state citizens
have u ever served in the military? have u ever read the quran? do u know the 5 pillars? do u know the Hadith allegiance oath
Thank you for hearing the citizens of Nevada and speaking your mind. You are doing the right thing..
thank you for standing up for U.S.A.! I wish more politicians would!
Thank you for standing up for what is right. Do not relent!
thank you
Thank you for speaking out.
I don't agree with the order but your tweet sounds like a politcal CYA.
STOP HIM
You have a dictator on your hands!  IMPEACH
Do you think we pick who wants us dead? Does it matter if it is because of our beliefs? We should just give them all we have?
Thank you for doing the right thing.
Please speak up for us! Nevadans want a better solution. This EO is wrong!
Thank you, please continue to tomorrow to support our constitution!
thank you. Please end this tomorrow.
Thank you for entering the conversation. Yes- too broad and Yes- @POTUS should work with elected leaders in congress/senate
if it were a religious ban the are more populated muslim dominated countries than what's on the list. Ignore the liberal lies
Did you read the #EO?
proud of you!
