Ps.. I trust you will be voting no?  Remember Wynn only has one vote.. same as me.  Don't let money and scare tactics rule you.
Yet he is voting YES on repeal.   No integrity there.
Pls, Sen Heller, vote NO today so others can have access to life-saving healthcare, just as Sen McCain and you do. Be brave. It matters

HE's NO HERO! Just and EVIL HYPOCRITE!
Principled people do not take away health care from poor Americans.
Really?  Then why did he vote against repeal?  Oh, I see: You two have a lot in common--no principles!!
You're both phonies and traitors!
Dean, the fact that this treasonous "president" threatened you is appalling. Just remember to do the right thing for your constituents.
You still believe he is a man of principles?
You should take a page out of his book and don't be a coward and vote NO. Otherwise, you are bowing to a sexual offender, self confessed SAD
While you failed to appeal Aca you don't hesitate to backslap a fellow fraudulent R senator. Saddened,
How fortunate he gets the top notch healthcare you are taking away from the rest of us.
Please vote no and save millions of lives and more millions from going bankrupt or just dying bc they depend on ACA. #lovemyACA #savedmylife
Wishing @SenJohnMcCain the best. @SenDeanHeller we urge you to vote "No," and not proceed on the health care bill.
John McCain got what he deserved for being a traitor.
Please be a man of principle, loyalty and integrity stand against the repeal
He's a coward just like you!!
An amazing human being.Diagnosed with terminal brain cancer and he can STILL drag his ass outta bed to take insurance away from poor people.
I agree about Sen McCain but wish you had the same integrity
Please vote no on health care motion today.  It could cause the death of thousands and no one is telling us what's in it first
“@SenDeanHeller: .@SenJohnMcCain is a man of principle, integrity, and the father to a loving family.
In honor of SenJohnMcCain and his heartbreaking Dx, vote NO on motion to proceed. #VoteNoMTP
Millions of hardworking loving fathers are about to lose their family's health ins today. Please vote no, I'm begging you!
Please emulate his strength by staying strong against the pressure this week. Am a physician, implore you to protect patients and ACA.
The Medicare cuts would have significant impact, now and much more so over time.
He is a patriot and you are a weak puppet. Does you HC cover spine surgery? Maybe a spine could be implanted and then you could do your job
@SenJohnMcCain's all the things listed.  It's a shame you don't follow his example.  Instead you cow to a Russian puppet w/ no integrity.
McCain needs to resign.  Arizona made a huge mistake.  He lied to them.  He told them he was a republican.
And @SenDeanHeller has no track record of having a backbone or standing up to anyone. Sad for Nevada today and to those who will lose hc
Now you be a man of integrity. Vote against this horrid healthcare bill.
Thank you for being a NO to the insanity
Please Keep your promise,  don't repeal obamacare!!
Senator please vote no on healthcare protect the people please vote people over party lives depend on it
Vote NO
Are you with your country?
Better not vote yes for that health care thing tomorrow. It's a trap
Please vote NO on behalf of your constituents
Will you be voting #NoRepeal on the bill tomorrow?  #Nevada is expecting a NO vote on the healthcare repeal. Stand with #Nevada
Vote no
McCain Vote on Healthcare Should be NO or McCain should have 2 pay back taxpayers FOR his treatment under his Govt health insurance plan
And he has great health care! Please don't vote to take away healthcare for millions of Americans who need it! Vote no!
I hope you vote No!
Will you be?? Trump just used a Family that benefitted greatly from ObamaCare- (The Weer) to spread his LIES
Even Donald Trump's photo ops are lies.

http://shareblue.com/trumps-victims-of-obamacare-actually-saved-by-obamacare/ …
By @KailiJoy
Vote no , even if he thinks the GOP owes him !!!
Stay strong and vote NO. a cancer diagnosis is a death sentence w/o healthcare
Under proposed healthcare bill others like the senator could be excluded from coverage because of pre-existing condition or lifetime caps.
Please, sir, be a man of principle & integrity. Stand up. Vote against repeal & replace as u know u should.
McCain can make choices in his care with his insurance, I can't and can you with Obozo care?
He hasn't been a man of principles for a very long time!!!!
Please be a man of principle too & fight for the same insurance Congress gets for all of us. Trump promised healthcare that covers everyone.
You can't hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for the things he says. That's not who he is.

RINO Alert: These 5 Senate Millionaires are 
blocking #Obamacare Repeal
Time to man the phones #Trumpers #Healthcare #ACA 
God and doctors will take care of John you need to work on healthcare vote yes
I saw several photos of Mc Cain, Graham, lieberman, with ISSIS leaders having lunch , meetings
CNN is scambling to find a go-to replacement for RINO McCain. Are you it, Rino Heller? No go on Obama care & your done as a Republican!
Please Remember my son if even if my own Senator Capito forgets
Continue to stand for Nevadans.  What PT attempted at the luncheon with his veiled threat to you was appalling.  Fight for our health care.
Our prayers are with @SenJohnMcCain.  He is a man of dignity, honor, and faith.  We should all emulate his leadership qualities. Fight John.
senate has their own healthcare, please consider thousands of Americans are give this diagnosis can we count on you protecting all of us 
While you're keeping your options on open to vote, disable kids, the elderly and cancer patients everywhere don't have an option!
Healthcare for ALL
I agree with you there Senator.
Please vote no, Senator. We the citizens of Nevada need our healthcare.

This would restore barely more than 1/4 of massive coverage loss. If this wins @SenCapito and @SenDeanHeller, their concerns were BS. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/887985705221328896 …
I wish the Senator well too. Please vote NO the GOP health bill so all Americans can get healthcare w/out worries of age & preex conditions
He needs to dump the Repubs party, become independent
@SenDeanHeller Please see Poll 74% want #bipartisan #Healthcare 
Please, for your state constituents & all affected
NEW! @FoxNews #Poll 74% want GOP to reach out to Dems on #healthcare MORE: http://fxn.ws/2uJTLrS  
Show u r too & don't cave. Show u have a backbone or give in to DT & your kids will look at u with shame & embarrassment for generations
You were threatened on TV yesterday.It wasn't funny. Mccain has choices because he can have the best care.Please vote no, so we all can too.
Respect for McCain, . Respect to you as well Senator Heller, for standing your ground on health reform.
prayers go out to mccain.  & in honor of those who are sick, battling cancer and rely on ocare, please vote no on zombie trumpcare.
McCain is a true American hero.Too bad reps like Heller put party Loyalty first. Poor people get cancer too, let's help everybody w/ Ins.
No tax cuts for billionaires. Lying conman phony crook @POTUS just wants tax cut for billionaires @SenatorCollins @BudgetGOP @lisamurkowski
You need to burn POTUS for what he did to you yesterday..i was embarrassed for you
Thank God he has insurance, hoping for the best for Senator McCain. Please don't let Trump bully you.Trumpcare is a farce. #MedicareForAll
He plotted the murder of my wife. Sorry, but l am NOT with him.
Stand up to the bully who mocked Sen McCain and wants to destroy the constitution. He is unfit to represent America needs to be impeached
Thank you for sticking to your guns and not letting him bully you. Your state appreciates it. Hopefully others will follow you 
Prayers for McCain. He is a maverick and his own man. You were elected to be your own man, rep. NV & not a McConnell clone. HC bill=NO
it's a good thing he has the best possible healthcare, which all Americans deserve. Stay strong John.
The Man U have pledged ur loyalty said "he liked people who weren't captured " trump has zero integrity!
If you repeal the ACA , will the senate keep their healthcare? McCain spoke truth to power while u sat next to 45 and clapped
Trump demeaned McCain and said he wasn't a hero! You still support the prez who has zero integrity or any principles- hypocrite
My thoughts are with SenMcCain. Please vote no to repeal healthcare. As a lifelong resident I beg you to please listen to the people.

Not all men think alike. 
McCain is what we should all strive for. Do the right thing. I'm happy he has health insurance. imagine  not having it and getting this news
It's so great you and SenMcCain have good health insurance. How much does that cost you again?  Right.  Ok now get it for all of us. Why not
Amen! A true hero and man that deserves respect.
Sellout! Obvious at your fake lunch. Lost respect for you!
.@SenDeanHeller if you believe in principle, integrity, and strong families, then you will NEVER let thugs push you to support for trumpcare
Stay true to your "no" vote.  Do not let Trump push you around.  Believe in America. .@SpeakerRyan
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
Please don't let him bully you
yes he is, and our potus mocked him for being captured, he threatened you -Trump represents the worst of our country, not the best
@SenJohnMcCain a True American Hero.  I am standing along side you fighting this.  Prove cancer is weak and you are stronger.
Amen
He wouldn't have let @realDonaldTrump do to him what you allowed him to do to you today.
Unlike that @POTUS you were sitting next to tonight
Please hold firm on the repeal vote. Americans are counting on you. Repeal without a good replacement will be catastrophic for our country.
Dont let 45 bully you! Protect those in Nevada & US.U wont be re-elected if u leave ur voters without insurance
That is kind;now vote no on repeal only!Let Americans still have medical ins through ACA like McCain has so they can get needed treatment
McCain doesn't have health insurance through ACA. :news flash:
Thank you for standing up for Americans Sen Heller. Vote No to ACA repeal - we've got your back.
Dont you dare take McConnells last ditch bribe right now. You vote yes and your political career will be up when u run for re-election
yep he is, now u do the right thing for the people not party, praying for  McCain
Please do not yield to Trump's bullying.  Do not abandon the neediest in your state. It would be an unforgivable betrayal.
Hopefully you learned from your Trump lunch today that you are doomed if you continue to cowtow to him.
Makes u realize how precious life is. If it were to end tomorrow, wouldn't you want to be remembered for putting Americans first?
Sen. Heller Iam w/you on J.McCain+++ believe most of this country is he's a vet. A warning hero, really. Despite what Drumbs--t says.
Wow, Russian bots are all over McCain threads. Insane world.
Help my husband die in dignity from his brain disease. He is my hero. A social worker who spent life serving most vulnerable. #NoRepeal
Progressive Democrat agreeing with you sir and thank you for your stand on the health-care bill don't give in
Good move Dean, we need you to support President Trump!
Mr. McCain is in my thoughts.  However, are you going to stand idle like Reek at Trump's public threats and attempted shaming of you??
Know what, @DeanHeller ...You and I agree on this. Get well @SenJohnMcCain.
Sen. McCain is awesome! He will come back to the Senate and he will fight for our care!
But, according to the current POTUS, he's not a hero.
32 million Americans will lose healthcare coverage! Lives will be ruined, including mine. Pls vote NO!
32 million more Americans would be uninsured by 2026 under Senate measure heading to a vote - The Washington Post  https://apple.news/Aq4VsvZGaRaGGtH3kEd3FNQ …
I agree.  Please don't let Trump bully you stand firm
Please sir, continue your fight against repealing Obamacare despite any pressure Trump is putting on you. Stay strong & fight for us!
Well stated @SenDeanHeller Please follow his example. #Trump slandered #McCain & #POWS. #Cancer #Patients across #America need Healthcare.
Senator McCain is a hero and a statesman with a strong moral compass. Senator Heller you too can do the right thing & say NO to ACA repeal
We definitely keep @SenJohnMcCain in our prayers!
Except it's #RapistInChief who prefers people who weren't captured. 

#NeverTrump 
#TrumpCrimeFamily
He's starting to let's have hope.
Here here
And if you care about health care  and people.  Vote for repeal - I cannot afford the affordable healthcare - it sucks
And what was your affordable Healthcare prior to the #ACA
Yes!.. please vote no on the repeal bill I'm very concerned as a Nevada resident
Concerned??? With what? Repeal MUST happen! If Heller doesn't vote YES on repeal, we're voting him OUT!!
Good then he will be voted out either way because I will make sure he's voted out if he votes yes
All my prayers to him. Everyone should please put politics aside. This man has served his country his whole life.
Except for the #LOSERPOTUS who preferred people who weren't captured. Some insults are unforgivable and I will remind #Twitter.


Nice of you.  Now stay at work.
