Grow some and have a town hall meeting where real, live bodies are in a room to interact with you.
That's not a real town hall, that is you staring at a telephone and answering censored & filtered questions. Propaganda.
#Mnuchin is guilty of illegal forclosures, robo signing, lying to congress.  You approved him.  He should be in prison.
Show some spine and do a real town hall in Las Vegas.
@SecPriceMD is guilty of insider trading.  You approved him.  He should be in prison.
You said to us that we "probably disagreed with their positions, but not them as people."  No, sir!  We don't condone criminals in Gov.
And how did u notify Clark County residents there wud b a tele town hall? I didn't hear about it until @IndivisibleLV tweeted abt it!
There is never any notification.  No way to call in.  He randomly calls you.  This was our first time ever getting the call to join.
Ridiculous but we know his agenda isn't really in line with ALL Nevadans.
Thanks again. @IndivisibleLV rocks!
#hellerout2018
@POTUS is guilty of violating the Logan Act and Emoluments Clause.  You voted for him.  He should be in prison.
pig
Did you tell everyone that you are voting the appeal of The ACA? You have no replacement! You will also be REPLACED next year Can't Wait!
The real image...
At those #faketownhalls are you Still muting those people that have questions you dont want to answer Senator?
We were not satisfied with your answer to our question.  The FBI's position on cabinet picks is not a reason for you to approve of criminals
He knows a live town hall might be a problem for him.
You telephone town hall is only allowing our friendly base in. Waste of time to listen to your repud talking points.
Coward. Talk to your constituents face to face. I served in two wars face much worse than Nevada voters.
@jeffsessions is guilty of perjury and lying to congress.  You approved him.  He should be in prison.

When will you come to Las Vegas and hold a town hall?  One where you can see the faces of your constituents? The people your votes effect.
Another 'phone in town hall' hahahaha  okay!!!!  
You're so clueless. 
"Telephone town hall"! You can't even face your constituents in person to defend your deplorable voting record. Coward!
Your lack of support for POTUS will follow you to election. You can't walk both sides of the fence. What do you stand for?
The senator is trying to shore up his base and get them rocking for the http://re-election.Online  he is flexing his con credentials eg NRA.
Support POTUS that's your job. Get tax cut passed confirm cabinet so POTUS can do his job. I support Our/My President. MAGA
That is NOT his job.  His job is to represent the constituents on NV, which he does not do.
Can't face constituents in person?
How do I participate if I don't hear about the town hall?
Hard to meet people face to face when you've voted to take away their healthcare.
70 percent of the states population and all you can do is call?  Do better
And where/how/to whom was this announced? The only time I had an invite was for a $150 per plate fund raiser. I won't pay bribes.
He's a toolbag
Thank you, thank you very much...
Dirty dean already sold Us down the river for a $1m in PAC money / dump dirty dean
Quit hiding in your safe space behind your phone avoiding face to face contact with YOUR EMPLOYERS - THAT'S CONSTITUENTS, not donors!
And... we will enjoy voting for your opponent next year... knowing anyone but you can best represent our interests in Congress.
Why don't you call out Lobbyists and Special Interest groups. Call out the media. Build the Wall. Pass Tax relief. Secure the border
How about releasing the recordings or transcripts of these invitation-only calls so all of us can hear/see what you have to say?
TFW even Chuck Muth calls you out for no transcripts of these cowardly "town halls."  #inexcusable
Watching your worried face  - you'll get voted out soon. Nothing you can do about it
Where are you posting these town hall dates?!?
How does the Gobbler's penis taste? I ask because you seem to suck it enough.  Danny 2018
I got the call..listened to the first couple of questions...Heller sounded like Trump...couldn't put two thoughts together or make any sense
These calls are only for select people they invite @SenDeanHeller won't face us in person.
I'm surprised I was called ....I'm a registered Democrat and would never vote for Heller..or the idiot Tarkanian!!
Are you sure you don't want to meet your constituents in person??
You don't vote republican you don't get my vote
Are you going to stand up for the ACA or let people die due to lack of preventive care? Check your values, Sir.
Grow a spine
It's funny that the liberals complaining have no real policy issues to complain about.  They can only resort to name calling.
Did you explain why you're sponsoring a bill that would destroy the insur. exchange in NV and make insur. unaffordable/inaccessible to many?

Where was this announced? When to actual Nevadans get to be invited? How do we see the transcripts of these sham meetings? Secret meetings?
And in case anyone is interested, I was able to record part of the meeting

I just filled out a contact form via your Senate page. I genuinely hope I'll receive a response from you on that email and the VM today
You'll get a nice letter in the mail. I have received many. None of my letters has made a difference. He has voted with his party over NV.
What is a tall chicken? Wow, "telephone town hall".
It's a service not a career. Just think about that.
coward.
Spineless!  Another telephone town hall.  Clark County voters are not as dumb as you believe. Asked for live town hall. You refuse. Shame!!
Save DADA and save ACA.
Another one I miss why don't I get reminders I signed up for this ugggggh. Are you coming to Las Vegas for town hall
Town hall?  Where's the hall?  And where's the transcript and the list of people who asked the questions?
How do we find out about this stuff in advance? 
And is there a recording available? 
Just hearing that it happened isn't very helpful.
I was able to record part of it
Cool. How did you hesr about? And how did yiu record it?
Can you post it somewhere?
Thanks!
Random call to my fiance's cellphone that we decided to not ignore. I recorded it with my cellphone while the call was on speaker. I'll try

Enjoy it while it lasts, because we will not forget you voted to and are actively still trying to take away our access to health insurance.
.@DeanHeller Shamelessly reading from prepared scripts. You are as phony as a $3 bill. Take off the training wheels??  Nope, not capable.
Chic-Ken-shit

I'm sure all the left wing unemployed called and cried about Trump illegals and more abortion.Meanwhile working people who vote had no time
Please don't vote for DACA. Please vote for tax reform and health care reform. And please investigate government corruption. Nevada needs u.
 Dean is a goner in 2018!!!
Yup. 
Coward!
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
