1. Judge in question is in TX. Ensuring most hurricane rescue workers won't get paid for the overtime they are clearly working. Celebrating?
2. Rule would have helped people between $23,000-47,000/yr. Why don't you want to help those people? Is there a cap on the American Dream?
Heller screws NV workers !
Heller supports corporations over workers!
And death to a majority of your your constituents.  One we #MachinesGottaGo end cheating, votes will be more valuable than money.
We do not want the Silly and expensive wall. Hold Trump acountable.  People want overtime! For crying out loud.
What about employees?? No comment?
Shame on you
You are so not in touch with your constituents. Get off of the GOP payroll and represent your people.
And another heartbreak for working Nevadans. When will the GOP look out for US???
2) thing is, most employers had found their way around the new OT threshold by shifting workloads UP to workers alrwady above it..must be
3) NV doesn't have enough workers pd a living wage to shift the work up to;so they need to continue to exploit their low wage workers.
Another win for big corporations and a kick in the gut for workers. Heller doesn't care about the average worker in NV- only corporations
Dean ..what a disappointment you have become buckling under to Trumps desires. Origianally we thought you had the balls to stand up to Trump
First you can't stand up to Trump when he intimidates you now you can't stand up for the working man that's the voter you understand
And devastating news for workers. In all my years as a business owner I never treated anybody this unfairly.
So business can pay employees less & pocket the difference. On Labor Day weekend, this is a slap in the face to workers.  2018 you are gone!
The countless businesses& employers who cut employees hours so they wouldn't have to supply healthcare and left them to fend for themselves?
You plan oon protecting Trump when Mueller finds out he is owned by Russia?  Is Trump first  before country?
RELEIF?? You are soooo out of touch!  We working Nevadans can't wait until 2018.
RELIEF
This is what Republicans do! Why do people keep voting for them? Get rid of all Republicans!!
Thankfully we have an advocate for the little guy in Catherine Cortez Masto.
She is an advocate of George Soros wake up
Yep.  Good job.  People can work overtime for free. Good job. Cheating workers pay.
And another knife in the back for NV workers. #thanksfornothing #hellerlies #votehimout
Oh, I see. To hell with the actual workers.
Shame on you. Registered NV voter here.
But not the workers!
trump and GOP bigoted policies. Criminal racist Arpaio gets a pardon while 800000 DREAMERS are told pack their bags and get ready to leave
Pig
As a business owner in #Nevada I have to tell you that I disagree.
That is who you care about, businesses and employers?  Most of the residents in NV are hardworking people struggling to support families.
If you continue to support any of @realDonaldTrump initiatives you will surely lose your seat next year. Reject all things Trump.
I agree with AJ the Loser
Nevadans don't want to see you applaud the decimation of the working class. This negatively impact the republicans
Sure Dean. Who cares about the working people in NV who need overtime to live due to paltry wages. You really don't have a clue.
Once we get rid of scheming, programmed,  voting machines for a fair vote, 
the lobbyist money will lose value. 
Votes are gold. 
Ppl matter
Trump is a fool......Say it outloud!
Everyone in NV who works their ass off each and every day whole continuing to lose ground will remember you could have helped and did not.
Sure... but it definitely does not help the workers. Tread carefully buddy, your days in your current job are numbered.
Man can you resign from your office you're absolutely disgusting to write anything like this
To even say that you care about people is a lie this law was to protect the worker all you care about is that businesses u loser
Overtime buys diapers, makes car payments, subsidizes education, purchases Xmas gifts, you know makes life for constituents a little better
@SecSessions Today we got proof Comey and the corrupted JOD ARE LIARS AND OUT TO CHEAT US OUT OF OUR PRESIDENT!  DOJ CORRUPTION #FireJeff
Yeah another way for you guys to fu@7 American people out of their hard earned money
But hurts employees. Wow.
because businesses, already making record profits/soaring stock needs more breaks on the back of the working poor? shame on you mr. heller!
Way to stand up for the little guy over corporations. #failedsenator
Great, glad to see youre not afraid to lose your job. I have immense faith in NV voters making the right call.
You're losing me on that kind of talk.  The 1% has 99% of wealth. To stimulate economy we need to get that 99% of funds spread out.  Think!
What about families that depend on OT? What in the actual hell is wrong with your politics?? I mean REALLY??? #sad. Just sad 
You happily vote for your own salary increases, but won't help everyday hourly workers get the overtime they deserve.  Fake Christian!
What about those who deserve overtime
and what about workers?   do you care?
Great for countless employers who want to take the lifeblood of 1000's of employees.  You donors must be really happy!
Employers can now force more salaried workers to work overtime without paying them. The latest #GOP employer abuse plan.
If only employees could trust the people who sign their checks...
No it's not.  Nobody was going out of business paying OT.  If you've got enough business that your employees work OT, you can pay for OT.
And that's who really counts, right? How about the poor bastards who work for the@?
hmmm!
But not a relief for employees who are exploited for more work at lower pay.
Not a relief to workers. Another disappointment.
What an Ahole!
Oh, a relief you say? Tell that to those employees forced to work (at will) 60+ h so that they can pay YOU 2 lie to them. SHAMEFUL
I'm glad you're happy that more of your hard working constituents are too broke to survive. Real man of the people you are
WOW now that's heartless, have you no shame?
What about our healthcare. Insurance racketeering has to stop.
Not good for working people.
Too bad slavery is gone. They would really like that. No straight time or overtime.
That's why Heller loveeees those Confederates statues. "Better times" eh.
The people who work for these companies will vote you OUT!
But... it's totally cool to fuck over everyone else. Right?
Oh, and to hell with the workers?!
Repubs want nothing more than to drive down wages and keep us all working well into our seventies! Forget Soc Sec!
Such a big relief for workers who have to work two job just to survive. Vote out Heller!
Wouldn't want workers being compensated fairly now
You have lost the vote of a local 501 member  (poor small businesses need to stand up and be counted)
Tens of thousands of Nevadans will continue to work harder yet fall further behind, and you applaud this? Good luck in 2018 senator.
Truly hate you. We needed that law ti be fair to workers. Always on the wrong side.
Vote Nevada blue
So you want salaried folks to continue to work for free? It's going to be glorious voting against you.
Dean, tell me how you, as a #NVSenator, look out 4 the little guy, the employee, the part-time worker? Oh, u don't see the need? CCM's job!
You're proud of this? Really? Can we then pay you for actual hours worked...no overtime? Also...have you been painting in an enclosed space?
In additn to this they rolled back regs requiring transparency in co. wages to reduce the gender wage gap. A slap in the face of evry woman
Women? Who cares about women? They are over rated.
You really hate the working person don't you? #DumpHeller
Why are you applauding this??
His donors and rich friends get richer and they will be getting a big tax cut too.
Relief for them, but how about the hundreds of thousands of workers/voters in NV?  You will lose your next election in 2018.
That's a pretty anti worker statement there Heller
Big Business Nazi Heller speaks
And Nevada citizens? @SenCortezMasto @SenSchumer Senator Heller you just can't seem to be on right side of Nevada citizens. Loser
Please provide a list of small business owners that agree with this sentiment front NEVADA.
Yes, we support their business
Why is this helpful to you? 

Besides the whole giving-your-workers-less-money-for-their-work thing, that is.
This is an example of when you should use your *inside* voice. 

Unless your over it and don't care about working people's votes. 

FFS
So you sided with businesses not your constituents?
Umm. Surprised?
Yes Dean yet another reason to work hard & make sure that for you #HomeMeansNevada That you are defeated in just 14 short months #Nevada #NV
I hope you read these comments. Nevadans have had enough of you.  Not one person remotely approves of the job you are doing!  #hellerout2018
Mr Heller you are wrong to oppose this because when the worker makes a more money the worker can buy what the Company is making

We urge you to tell Trump to leave DACA alone. 800,000 'dreamers' should not be deported because their parents brought them here illegally
But not to the employees who will now be exploited even more by their employers. How did hate for people ever get you in office?
Another GOP screwing the working people. #VoteHellerOut
And how do employees feel about not getting paid overtime?
Yep screw the employees without whom employers would not make their profits !
It is sad that a person who works for employers will no longer be compensated for time worked above and beyond scheduled hours. Sad day
So you don't want working Nevadans to be paid fairly by billionaire Ceos and casino owners. Nevadans see who you really work for now.
This is despicable. The rent & property in Nevada  just keeps going up but never the wages. How can people make it?
Welfare is going to skyrocket! We just keep repeating history. #idiots
You are right about that.
#BotSpot
Great job Senator (NOT)....way to crush the working class again.  You have no regard for the average Nevadan. #2018 can't here soon enough
That just wonderful Dean said NO MIDDLE WORKING CLASS person. Another taking it in the A_ _ ruling.
Republican dilemna: hate hispanics but only create jobs for the desperate and hardworking: hispanics.
Good going Dean. Nobody wants to get fair pay for their efforts.
I will remember this next election.
This is the mindset of @DeanHeller  Now can anybody believe him when he says that his idea of "tax reform" will actually help wage earners?
#DeanHellerIsTrumpShill
Sucks to be a wage earner in Heller's Nevada.
But not a relief for all the actual *workers* who don't get paid for overtime that they *earn*.  Seriously, I can't believe you.
Thank god! Now we don't need to pay those insufferable employees what they're worth.
Yay money!*

*This was sarcasm Dean, you jackoff.
Why didn't you do something about this in Congress so it wouldn't have had to go to court in the first place? Asking for a friend. #tark
Yeah, maintaining slavery by making people work 120 hours a week for $23,000 a year is really great for Nevada's workforce!
Is a certain way for NOT helping Americans vs. immigrant labor. How can this be #MAGA ?
When does your #staff find out they no longer get #overtime? The #voters of #Nevada that #lose OT pay will be sending you back to #NV
Instructive to see whose relief you are interested in.
I hope that there's a clause that if a worker doesn't want to work overtime w/o compensation they won't get fired. Otherwise F***YOU
Nope, at will employees are affected
That is just so wrong
Because why support something that benefits over 4 million Americans when you can line the pockets of your donors instead? #isit2018yet
Working hard against #Nevadans daily.
WHAND!  As in, "@SenDeanHeller is waving his WHAND again."  Great acronym!
We have the tagline for his 2018 campaign!  We'll send you the bill @SenDeanHeller -- you're welcome
We can't wait till you are out of a job! You are a perfect example of what is wrong with the @GOP #resist #impeachGOP
Congrats sheldon adeldon and steve wynn! Your minion is really minting u money and screwing Nevadans! Great investment guys
Tag ppl. More efficient :)
Relief for Sheldon and Steve.
Fixed it for you.
I've never seen someone sofa king determined to NOT BE RE-ELECTED. Dean WTF dude? Please update your resume, you need a civvie job.
Take a guess who lines his pockets folks? It isn't the working man!!!
Nevada Worker's don't need Trump's PUPPET!
2018 is right around the corner. What's next for you after we Nevadans vote you out of office?
No overtime apparently.
Did you mean "commend" or "condemn" @AdamLaxalt for his leadership role? I missed the amicus brief on this one.
Clear to see you don't represent the people, karma will come for you and the rest of the GOP criminals. Job creator fiction. Wage thiefs.
Good to know my unpaid work will help a millionaire buy his next summer home 
wtf what about workers?Do you give s shit about them? You gotta go.
Shame shame shame
And a knife to the heart of workers.... oops I forgot, republicans don't care about low wage workers..
Oh and f the workers that need those overtime hours to eat and pay bills.  Got it.  Get your resume ready for 2018 when u lose your job
@SenDeanHeller Shame on you
Hey Dean, you're a US Senator and your tweets get fewer and fewer replies. How's that for the people of NV telling you how they feel??
End your career.
It'd be best for everyone if you retired to that job as a shill for the Koch Brothers rather than continuing to rub your dick on things.
What about the worker????? Just plain mean and unjust.
That is a Republican for you.
23k seems like a managerial salary to you?? It's just a mechanism that allows corps to continue to rip off already underpaid employees - SMH
Why aren't you investigating @HouseDemocrats hiring Pakistani nationals that hacked USA security?  #AwanBrothers #SethRich
Oh stop Pied:#Putinbot
Yup, screw workers, amirite?
Today's news that a federal judge struck down the overtime rule is a stab in the back of regular Americans trying to earn a decent living
Of course, you being a career politician could care less about rulings that hurt Americans and Nevadans. #voteHellerOut2018
Whew, they won't have to pay their employees for the work they do! What a win for American workers from the #GOPShame files.
Particularly the population that was one of the worst-hit during the Recession... Vegas is just now recovering.  @RosenforNevada
Hey dean. Why don't you support the president and support immigration laws being enforced. We want the wall and we want our laws enforced!
Shut up bot with your random irellevant bot crap. Reported.
