
You have my vote Senator Heller.  Thank you for you service and thinking about the working class Nevadans.
Why are you not demanding the bill be made public?  Do your job of checks and balances, separation of powers. #ShowUsTheBill

https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/the-senates-three-tools-on-health-care-sabotage-speed-and-secrecy/2017/06/10/11bad38e-4d5a-11e7-9669-250d0b15f83b_story.html?utm_term=.281386548a88 …. I hope you don't vote yes.

Called your office and they could not say whether you supported coverage for preexisting conditions or when your next town hall would be
Why? Explain why you would support a healthcare bill crafted in secrecy & will hurt millions. Why??
I have never been politically active before, but if you vote for #AHCA I'll raise $ & volunteer for whoever runs against you. This I swear.
Will you be a true leader and stand up for what's right?
Why will you not properly discuss the bill on the senate floor? Your constituents demand answers. You work for us! 1/6 of the economy!!!

So, you'll OPPOSE?????? Nevadans and Americans will DIE if you don't!
If you vote for any kind of cut to Medicaid, you are breaking your own word. Nevadans will not forget. Constituents or Party? 2018 is coming
You will be killing people. Everyone can read through your sugar coating. You are not fooling anyone.
People will literally live or die on this bill. Stop the BS.
More people will lose healthcare under Trumpcare than watched the Comey testimony just to put things into perspective. No Trumpcare
But then you gave into party of your voters and support GOP plan call Heller and tell him No Trumpcare 202 224 6244
Stand up for healthcare
Not one time did Price say "affordable". Access to healthcare, access to coverage. No answers. I'll get back to you. We will too in 2018.
This morning's Reno Gazette: Heller Said to back Medicaid Cuts. Unreal. First @MarkAmodeiNV2 betrayed Nevadans. Now you? Unconscionable!
As mom of adult daughter with severe mental illness who would love to work but cannot, SAVE ACA and Medicaid, & cover pre-existing illness!
Thank you for asking these questions. Now you must vote to protect Nevadans - vote against trumpcare.
The House bill wld allow ppl 50-64 to be charged 5 times more for health insurance.  If Senate bill does same please don't vote for it.
Hopefully you are smart enough to see that this bill is bad for your constituents and all Americans. Shady process to pass it tells all.
"Everyone will have the insurance they want"? Absurd! Under #AHCA the rich will get richer the majority of NV and the US poorer and sicker.
I am appalled that you said you support a Medicaid phase out. This will harm--actively harm--Nevadans. You are supposed to represent us.
Please be a standout and stand up to this bad bill. I promise others will follow your lead. This bill is horrible for NV.
Know we are watching you Heller. WE deserve healthcare more than you deserve $$ and power.
@SecPriceMD is the worst person to ask about health care.
It's great that we will hopefully get rid if that failure called Obama care and continue working on the AHCA!
Do not allow the end of protection for people with pre-existing conditions. Do not support a law that will end coverage for millions.
Vote no on repeal and replace. Stand up for Nevada. I live here and I vote.
You have as many questions as we do. So when will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?
#ProtectOurCare
If you vote for Trumps Deathcare Taxcut for the rich bill you will no longer be welcome to misrepresent the people of Nevada! Shame on You!!
Now seeing Scott Riplinger may be legislative aid for healthcare. Call and ask to speak directly to him or Rachel Green ASAP re healthcare
This bill is bad for poor & middle class of NV and US.  Slow down and listen to your constituents. Do NVans want it?
If republicans continue on this path they will lose both the house and senate there will be a huge backlash.
The donors need their tax cuts your health is not important to him or them.
Dean could care less about his voters he represents the wealthy donors he takes orders from.
@HouseGOP voted to take Americans' health care away. Don't make the same mistake. #Nevada

#ResistTrumpcare #NoAHCA
Sir: you know that if you vote for AHCA you lose your job, right?

.   Thank you Senator.
I am a Nevada citizen and am NOT happy about you support for phasing out the Medicare expansion.
Oh No!! Calling an emergency session means u might have to work!!
Ur concern is u might have 2 call special session 2 fix hole in budget? U show NO concern for the health of Nevadans!
Put the people of Nevada above the Republican Party. Vote no on the AHCA and let thousands of Nevadans remain helped by Medicaid.
I have family inNV who are alive due to ACA, please don't vote to take away their life!
Cancel August Recess...DO YOUR JOB!!!!!
If you don't wait for the CBO report on the Senate healthcare bill, you are playing RUSSIAN roulette with your constituency.
And if you don't take the time to actually READ THE BILL, you will deserve the huge blowback you will suffer. Price is untrustworthy.
They are negotiating this bill in the shadows, but, obviously, it WILL see the light of day eventually, and YOU will be plastered with it.
Protect Medicaid! Don't vote to roll back Medicaid expansion!
Vote Heller out in 2018! Shameful healthcare cave!
You told your constituents you would protect Medicaid expansion and now you have agreed to phase out. Nevadans won't forget this betrayal.
Why do you hate your fellow citizens & want them to suffer & not have access 2 healthcare? You will not be reelected if u vote 4 #wealthcare
People in Nevada will still need Medicaid in 2020 and 2027. Vote No on Trumpcare
The rumor has it that you are going to back the Republican plan. Kiss your Senate seat goodbye if you do.
Do not oppose AB374! Even better than ACA is an option that is closer to universal care. Healthcare is a HUMAN RIGHT!
Horrendous effects Senator! Back away from this as quick as you can! Or lose by 50! We'll make sure!
Too many Nevadans will be hurt if you vote for any version of the AHCA. Improve ACA instead and help us build healthier communities.
I'm out of state, but will support your opponent if you cut ACA/medicaid
If I lose my health ins b/c of age and pre-existing conditions, I'll do my best to see you lose your job.  I vote, and so do my friends.
You do not represent the wishes of your constituents. You need to resign. You won't even meet us in person. Holding BS tete meetings.
The exchanges might have problems u can fix, but why cut Medicaid? It's working. You'll have blood on your hands to give tax cuts to rich.
Please continue pressing Price on this. Tying increased MC funding to medical inflation is worrisome.
Heller’s endorsement, such that it is, is politically significant because he is probably the most vulnerable Republican incumbent seeking
reelection in 2018 and Nevada is among the 31 states that have taken the extra federal money. https://t.co/lClI5NbovK?ssr=true. #voteout2018
Why are you supporting 7-year Medicaid phaseout? What else will you support? Ending pre-ex condition coverage? All done in secret...
Please vote no on AHCA/ACA repeal. Please #SaveACA !
The AHCA is bad for Nevada. Are you man enough to break from party and potus? Doubt it. You just do what the Adelson tells you to
Voting Aye on TrumpCare forces you to the private sector, Senator....

#2018
Please consider your constituents and vote NO on Trumpcare. Nevada > GOP.
Remember. ON RECORD Senator: “‘We cannot pull the rug out from under states like Nevada that expanded Medicaid.”
His donors matter more to him than his constituents. His party matters more than his constituents. Vote the bum out!
Don't be like @MarkAmodeiNV2 who sold out Nevadans. He will be gone in 2018, because he betrayed his constituents. Stand with Nevadans!
You said this on May 4, 2017: “‘We cannot pull the rug out from under states like Nevada that expanded Medicaid.”
No on trumpcare. Think about your constituents
Tell Heller you oppose Senate Republican secretive rushed process to repeal & replace ACA. Leaks indicate pre-ex coverage will be affected
Urgent-senators rushing secretive hcare bill 4 end of Jun vote. Call Heller in DC.Ask 4 Rachel Green or email rachel_green@heller.senate.gov
Senator...This is an issue dire to NV citizens.. please, people's lives over party! NO on Trumpcare.
Spineless. You're done in 2018. 
I live in & love #LasVegas, while of course it has issues, BUT #Obamacare has been a blessing to me! Protect #Nevada VOTE to SAVE the #ACA 
Why do you hate America
Your out in 2018 @BattleBornProg
 Did you discuss the $660,000,000,000.00 in Medicaid cuts? Have a good laugh at the Americans you're going to kill? 

1/2..So I'd like to know what you got out of your ?'s All I heard was "well let us lookie and see, I'll get back to you". It must be ...
THAT'S who u choose to discuss NV healthcare with? He belongs to AAPS which opposes Medicare and mandatory vaccination. #DuplicitousDean
http://nvdems.com/press/breaking-dean-heller-just-endorsed-ending-medicaid-expansion/ …
Watch your seat go away in 2018.
what's amazing is the number of "unknowns" around a major piece of legislation that is on the verge of a vote...insanity...
"I don't know", I'm not sure", I'll get back to you"..these are not answers to convince me of a damn thing, are you that gullible?
Where do you stand on the "Medicaid for all" bill sitting on Sandoval's desk? Most NV would like to know.
http://nvdems.com/press/breaking-dean-heller-just-endorsed-ending-medicaid-expansion/ …
YOU ARE ONE OF THE FEW SENATORS TO STAND UP AGAINST MCCONNELL. THANK YOU SIR
