Ur are dirty / morally complicit and we thank u for trump
It's great to see the resistance response and I'll be looking forward to seeing you all next Tuesday to share your comments
You're fired
Why did you try to take healthcare from millions of Americans?
Ammeding the lie, we are the resistance deanie
You voted against basic healthcare for people. People want you gone.
My sign read "I'm scared" and that was before I heard the news today. Now I'm really scared!
Aren't you? #ITMFA#indivisibleowlslv
WE WERE PROTESTING YOU! You told us to consider your quick visit a "town hall". You are @SpinelessHeller coward & NV will say #NoDeanIn2018
Unacceptable.
Trump: "I think there's blame on both sides... you also had people that were very fine people on both sides." (via ABC) 

@POTUS latest remarks defending white Supremist  are beyond sick.  Do something !
Thanks for stopping to talk to these patriots. Stand up to bigotry, the alt-right, and start the impeachment... our country needs strength
At least Pence is consistent!
Yes, consistently against women's rights!! Do your #homework
No homework needed to know that. My main concern is civility, survival of the human race. Trump is unfit for office.
We will all get through this and will laugh about it in years to come.
Let's hope. If it's not fun, it's funny, right?
You mean the people who are there protesting you all day, every day?
BTW, they protest every week.  When is your town hall? Too afraid the White supremacists will be outnumbered?
But did you condemn @realDonaldTrump doubling down on defending neo-nazis and the KKK?
What planet are you living on??
Shaking one woman's hand for a photo op doesn't undo all your horrible votes. All those women there are still going to vote you out.
you are so finished
Thank you for coming down and addressing our concerns. We appreciate it and hope you will back that up with action on issues we care about.
Look at this idiot laughing it up with all the Trump haters...
Did you back track? Your days are numbered for sure. You lied, I will vote against you at all costs!! #ididntkeepmypromise
Annnnd here's a photo of Peter Cvjetanovic (angry torch guy) with U.S. Sen. @DeanHeller  #GoodNightAltRight #YesYoureRacist
Did you tell them why you lied about taking away their healthcare? Did you also lie to them about white supremacists in the oval office?
So do we have to wait the #GOP 2 day requirement before you condemn trumps defense of #Nazis?

Changing the narrative is hurtful & underlines that u don't get what we're fighting for. Listen 2ur constituents or abandon the seat
The Hyde Amendment prohibits most federal funds from going to abortion care except in rare circumstances.
If you would grow a set and stand up to POTUS just like those people are then you would be a great Senator. As it stands you aren't.
They are protesting YOU, sir. And your allegiances. I hope you listened to them.
We are there every Tuesday to protest you. We're not your fans or a photo op for your spin. #VoteHellerOut #TheResistance wants you gone
Where is your support for the vets that fought the Nazis. Denounce Trump. #ImpeachTrumpNow
His spine supports the vets 
Check out what life would look long if Heller had a spine  @SpinelessHeller
You mean protesters outside your office.
Protestors buddy. Don't act like they were there for your reelection #NoDeanIn18 
were they looking for a statue to remove?
Geee. Thanks for quietly visiting #Vegas  your terrible for #NV! 
You won't stand up to the #FauxPrez what he's doing is #Sad for 
We're outside your office every Tuesday.  This is a laughable attempt at seeming accessible.  We still demand a public town hall!
"...Let's make Heller Jobless!" Hahahaha.
I'm glad to see a member of the Nazi party reaching out to minorities
Response to trump??
Are these the remaining 5 that will still talk to you?
Meanwhile white supremacists (like the one in UNR College Rep group) overjoyed about Trump presser. So sad for USA now. This is shameful
https://twitter.com/parkermolloy/status/897568471491399680 …
I hope you condemn everything our unhinged president is saying he is spreading hate faster than we can respond
It's time you start standing up to Pres. Trump and denounce his defense of white nationalists, that is if you don't disagree with him.
The Spine condemned white nationalist! At least one part of him did   @SpinelessHeller
What are you doing about #ACA sabotage (& the fact Trump appears to support white supremacy)?
Meanwhile, at this point cutting CSRs would be an act of pure, evil spite. In other words, he'll do it https://nyti.ms/2vB5eJD 
Its about time you showed up÷
You should be denouncing Trump to try and save your seat.  #Charlottesville
Mayor Schieve was at the vigil for Charlottesville last night, but we haven't heard anything from you
How do you justify voting to put the healthcare of your constituents at risk?
How do you justify your continued support of a president who cannot bring himself to truly denounce neo-nazis and the KKK?
Are you proud that you backed someone who backed racists and nazi's today?  Heller out 2018!
Nice. Too bad you'll have to go back to Washington and kiss Trump's ass for the rest of the year.
Obama care is the nut.
You will lose in 2018.
Two years from now no one will remember @SenDeanHeller was ever in the Senate;a tumbleweed nonentity who did his worst before blowing away..
...and???? Did you listen??? Because you need to get that nazi out@

Heller voted to take Medicaid away from 200k, defund Planned Parenthood,& begged constituents not to boo at town halls(which he didn't hold)
You're lucky they were out of rotten tomatoes.
Meeting with a bunch of anti-Trump resistance idiots is not going to endear you to the GOP voters in your state.
were they nazis?  they seem to be getting a lot of love from the GOP these days!...
Your president is out of control, you all need to own it and DO something to protect our country!!
Too scared to hold a town hall? HILARIOUS!
Did you perform the official @gop salute when greeting?
PLZ STOP @POTUS NOW! RISK 2 NATIONAL SECURITY WE DESERVE BETTER PEOPLE ABOVE PARTY DISGRACEFUL 2 ALL NO MORE OR REPS LOSE IN 2018. PLZ FIGHT
Did you tell them why you tried to screw them out of healthcare? How was the dessert at dinner? Beautiful chocolate cake?
#DumpHeller #FireHeller #NoDeanIn2018
The only thing @SenDeanHeller should be tweeting about is the disgraceful performance today by our "president" re:Charlottesville.

Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
Hopefully they didn't ask you any questions you didn't want to answer. Grow some balls, senator, and answer simple questions when asked.

Thank you President Trump for your honesty & courage to tell the truth about #Charlottesville & condemn the leftist terrorists in BLM/Antifa https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/897554574663442432 …
