The things your staffers choose to tweet about baffle me.
Solar energy is eternal and non-polluting- why push oil? This pipeline is disastrous to Native American beliefs and health.
This is terrible. Another thing is voting to repeal H.J. Res. 86. Why!? How much were you paid you sellout!
Killing hibernating wildlife-unconscionably cruel #VoteNoHeller #WeakestSenator #OneTermAndOut #2018
A 35 job making project that destroys sacred ground is Pathetic.  
You are derelict in your duties to represent Nevada @SenDeanHeller
it promotes profiteering #KeystoneXL you are full of gas
I truly believe this is a travesty in the making. Less than 50 jobs at the end at the possible expense of Native land. 
you are not only irreparably damaging the environment but    also putting safe clean drinking water in jeopardy #waterislife
IT'S ABOUT TIME!!!
2018 is going to be a nightmare for you!
not to mention the health of anyone reliant on the water source it passes. This is about private greed and profit. Don't deny
yes
Really Dean? Toting the party line are you? You know these are both horrible projects and btw, won't save you #NoHeller2018
no Gorsuch hearings until Trump TREASON is resolved
I would LOVE to talk about this at in IN PERSON, PUBLIC #TownHall in Las Vegas
And forget NNv entirely! He only comes here to have invited fundraisers with Amodei. #NoHeller 2018 #TownHall
Reading some of these comments, Geez all this blah blah blah happened in Alaska , and look at the land problems up there .. NONE!! WAKE UP!!
Gee Deano, based on the responses here you're not getting the affirmation you seek. Looking like your days are numbered...!
35 permanent jobs and the probable destruction of our environment for Canada's and China's gain? You are a #shitgibbon #Shame
horrible idea
Good! But also defund PPH! and NO .10cBag bill and We still New HC plan?? What happen?
One more time you are going to let our government over ride the voices of the people, this is a bad deal and you know it.
Seriously??? You support this project??? What are you thinking???
Could you not focus on something that will actually help us. You need to be more in touch with your constituents.
(1) I was strongly considering re-electing you but now I am CERTAIN you will not get my vote. Your blatant direspecy for
#OutOfTouch #2018Election
2018 is just around the corner.  NV will remember.
If you find out let me know. I'll gladly fly down #NoHeller2018
a reminder Sen Heller: it's illegal to spend taxpayer money to only invite your supporters to your so-called phone town halls
YES! Well said 
Have you started packing your bags yet?  Can't wait until you're gone
(2) Native American rights &sacred waters, & your support of Gorsuch make this clear. Gorsuch values corporations over life.
should start listening to his constituents... 2018 is fast approaching. #OutOfTouch
Given the position you took on Trumpcare, are you on Bannon's enemies list?  Are you hanging with the wrong crowd?
killing the environment endangering water source is NOT progress. I hope you are liable if anything goes wrong with it 
Oh your words are going to be used against you in the future.
@DumpDean Let's make sure that we get rid of him in 2018.
Done and dusted
hey, fuck you
That's horrible! I'm sorry you agreed with that. So much for being a "green" Senator. #greedy #disrespectful #resist #betray
#NoHeller2018
You could focus on other things like lowering tax for solar by Nevada Power.
(3) should say blatant disrespect (sorry, autocorrect).
Bad move! Keystone will contribute to drastic increase to greenhouse gas/global warming=climate and economic disaster.
@Chispa_NV DAPL creates only 40 permanent jobs and sends $ to Russian - no materials made in US.
Energy Security for China? Don't think Nevadans don't realize Keystone is for export! #NOKeystone #PeoplePlanetBeforeProfits
You are kidding right? No gote for you in 2018.
How about Nevada Solar Dean? A smart way to move forward, not backwards and very Nevada friendly.
This pipeline will not serve the people of this country. It is just for the money people. Good to know where you stand
should never have been completed.   Shame on you guys!!!!!!
Oh Dean... you're soooo unimportant. I won't even waste anything clever on you... You won't be here after 2018, sorry kid...
oh you have got to be kidding me. #voteoutheller.
can you tell me why risking these precious groundwaters for 50 employees and revenue for Canada is a good thing?
most secure thing for energy future is to diversify and bolster renewables, not further entrench fossil fuels - dead end!
How did you get elected? We don't need the oil, we aren't getting the oil. It will pollute the water and land that we need.
this tree hugger does not approve. Please give me a good reason to vote for you.
Demand independent investigation of Russian contacts.
whats the plan for Nevadas renewable energy? Pipelines aren't the answer for Nevadans.
This is a tragedy that the US  senate could have stopped.  Your corporate leanings are transparent.  Plunder for pay.
Energy security AND 5 to 1 job creation with renewable wind or solar, but you support dirty oil and polluting our water?
Your Twitter is full of Liberals who cannot vote in Republican races. I find it Hilarious that they say they will not vote 
have a town hall and hear your base. This doesn't benefit NV and most are enviro conscious & for ACA. Sad you weren't 34th.
at least now we see where you stand on #DAPL Guess you don't care about our Native American brothers & sisters #VoteOutHeller
you are stupider than stupid if you think this is a good thing!
energy security for who? The Chinese and ruskies?  Seriousley, who? Please?
you have not responded. Who benefits from this pipeline? We will know. Your answer, or lack of won't go unpublished, please.
how does it bring energy independence when the pipeline was designed to EXPORT tar sand oil from Canada overseas?
And youre corrupt to the core for agreeing to it. CORRUPT
... 35 whole jobs for Tar Sands. Yeah, that seems like a great trade off.
Simultaneously ignoring Nevadans and hurting Americans. Some real talent on display!
Real energy security is renewable, American, and carbon neutral. This is none of these things.
Bad decision from myopic people.
We may not have health care but by god the oil will flow. #priorities
Horrible horrible news, completely unnecessary bad for the environment #NoKeystoneXL
Hi Dean, please look up the latest pipeline spill - and then let me know how you consider adding 35 jobs a good thing?
terrible decision for the country and the environment. @SenDeanHeller supporting these irresponsible policies is hurting you
'18 can't come soon enuff so I can vote you out. Expand renewable, clean energy. You GOPers need to stop living in the past
As I write this, Dean's posting has 92 replies mostly in dissent and 38 hearts. I realize not all are on twitter but support?
More money??You need to re examine you prioritise and loyalty to trump. People in NE the ones whos land is being taken really hate it.
it not to mention the harm to the environment and the leaks that ALWAYS happen destroying h2o and wildlife SO A CANADIAN COMPANY can earn...
So you feel a few temporary jobs is worth stealing peoples land through eminent domain FOR A CANADIAN COMPANY using Russian steele to build
Energy security for Canada
bipartisan support for Keystone? Don't think so. Where's your evidence of that?
And pollutes the planet even more. #renewableenergy #climatechange
thank you for all the environmental damage the keystone pipeline brings with it.  I'm sure your grandchildren are thrilled. 
i cant wait to vote against you
I approve!  And, I hope you voted "Yes" to repeal and replace Obamacare. If it's not fixed.... it will be VERY bad.
hard to vote yes on something that can't even get out of the house. #epicfail
NO on Gorsuch! Remember Garland!
one more nail in the coffin in terms of re election for you
Pipelines leak and wreck the water and land forever. Aren't you glad that you don't live nearby? #promotesolarandwind not fossil fuels.
Keystone Pipeline is unnecessary, a waste.
let's move right on to another shitty program that you're so sure of
you're kidding me?!?! You've got to be kidding me. Wow wow wow no heller no
and it remains a travesty railroaded by greedy corporations and investors. What about affronts to Native Americans and enviro
How about we run that pipe right under your house? Your days are numbered Heller! Not gonna get reelected!!
No, stop building more pipelines. This is an irresponsible decision
ONE. TERM. SENATOR. #votehellerout #NoKXL
Now Canada will be able to get their oil to the world market.
GREAT! Now STOP our city from becoming sanctuary city! Or you will need More Police Officers! More Crimes!!
Russian Steel? How is that making America great again?
There is no frecken bipartisan support!! Do you not follow the news????
As one of your constituents, I do not approve.
an adds to environmental damage.  We don't need more oil we need more renewables
Unless you're a native American. Have we helped move forward? What if a pipeline was run through your sacred Carson City?
small government conservative supporting the takeover of the little guys land!
This is terribly disappointing.
No it doesn't. It promotes wreckless abuse of power, no real income for Americans, and an environmental ticking clock. Been there done that.
With NO US steel being used at all. Liars.
Yeah,  of course you do.  #VoteHellerOut
boooo. You know better.
Good luck in 2018. #CountryOverParty
what is so good about that? Ruining rather environment, only 35 jobs created, and oil spills? It's atrocious.
bad move. Again you are on the wrong side of the issue of the people you represent. Again live Las Vegas town hall when?
The future is renewable energy, not fossil fuels. Why are Rs such dinosaurs?  Always want to go backwards, never forward.
"energy security"? What about clean water security?
We could also work towards moving to 100% renewable energy.
you are so misguided, sir. Such a shame.  Hopefully you'll be voted out in 2018.
Do you have anything to say about using imported steel? #KeepAmericaGreat #KeystonePipeline
When it springs a leak, we'll just haul the spill to Yucca Mtn for ya. You're welcome.
what does "energy security" mean to you when the pipelines are for EXPORT?  Please by all means share your thoughts #TownHall
fire your social media coordinator.
Terrible move. Incredibly disappointing. Fossil fuels are dead.
Just once I'd love to have our state senator not bought by the powers of big oil.
the Keystone Pipeline is nothing but an environmental nightmare. Did Big Oil get to you or what?
- I beg 2 differ. Energy security is a bunch of BS. In the end only will promote pollution 2 our water & soil.
This is a lie, it moves it to the gulf coast for export.  It does nothing for energy security but undermine it.
it isn't an American company and does not help Americans other than polluting our lands when it leaks. #EnjoyYourLastTerm
Not surprised you support this. XL is just an export line that benefits Canada and endangers US land and water. Out in 2018!
so you are for greed over people and water. Got it. 
would be better if it was a transmission line to carry solar and geothermal energy from Nevada.
so sorry to hear you support this questionable projrct
The fact that ur proud of the disruption of Native land & its ppl is appalling.  @IndivisibleLV How is this MAGA? Shameful
Another great ad for your opponent next year. Irrevocably killing the environment for 35 jobs & $ to Russian steel.
Without any jobs.
BOO!
risk water, russian pipes, spend millions, create long term total of 35 jobs. 
NO renaming of McCarran Airport!
Could you not?
Big Oil money hard to turn down?
Whose security, exactly, Mr. Senator? Can we discuss this in person? #HellerTownHall
Hear, Hear! @SenDeanHeller Why are you ducking your constituents with aides and phone meetings w/ no proper notice. Town Hall.
this pipeline will bring almost no jobs to the U.S. and the oil will be sold over seas; where is the security?
It will create jobs when we have to clean up spills like N Dakota. Unless 45 says we don't have to anymore.
great job
Sure it will be great when oil is $30 a barrel.
you're living in the past, senator.  We need to start diverting money used to pull oil out of the ground into renewables.
How much are you and @realDonaldTrump making off the Russian steel used to build it?
with Russian steel right? Make Amerika great again? WTF.
