ACA is not "unworkable." Why don't you acknowledge the hundreds of thousands of Nevadans it has helped?Mega-donors more impt than us I guess
Brutal. You broke under pressure. So so sad.
Sen. you lied to the American ppl about repealing O'care . You need to be fired! I hope this happens. Supt our Pres! U R part of the swamp!
You obviously have NO CLUE about the workings of Obamacare. Until you do, shut up & refrain from lying to US!
Heller says "Governors like Michigan Synder Will Surely care about your healthcare just Not clean water"
NO EXCUSE #FireHeller

Replace Heller!
You’re a gutless coward, a billionaire’s pet. America will remember.
You're acting & voting to keep Obamacare. BS is BS, now matter how U try to dress it up. Whoever handles Ur twitter acct isn't helping you.
You caved @SenDeanHeller. Shamefull!! You are promising to remove our health care and you really don't care!
I'm not from Nevada and can't vote against you but I will be donating to @RosenforNevada
You failed us here in Nevada I was going to vote for you but now you are a true Republican that puts party before people. Loser
you knew a yes could cause people to lose medicaid and care. you chose party over people.
You're a spineless Worm. Grow a backbone before you are shown the exit door  in 2018.
I just donated to your opponent. I'm going to donate more depending on your next vote. Vote no.
You are one reason I work in this State but would never live here.  You should be ashamed of yourself.
Here's Dean Heller laughing while the senate voted to take away our healthcare:
https://twitter.com/RosenforNevada/status/889937479188586496 …
Click the leak to see the image.
No, @DeanHeller. Nobody's smiling. Your deciding vote to strip health care from tens of thousands of Nevadans is a disgrace. 
Surprised.. he's a coward... like the all the others in DC
True
Just has R behind his name.
Heller will be voted out!
Hell Heller    Will vote the bill down..  you folks will make sure of that
What he voted today ... no biggy
Nevada voters deserve better
You might as well kiss your career goodbye. LOL
We saw your press conference, we heard your promise, then we watched you VOTE AGAINST THE PEOPLE & BREAK YOUR WORD.
Sorry. Mr McCain say "No" but unfair because you guys got a 2 hr heads up pop quiz version! My Obcare works for me but sucks for my kids 
You were cucked by Donald Trump,that's why. You were too afraid to stand up for your constituents.Enjoy your suddenly open schedule in 2019.
Thank you for your vote to discuss it. But now get rid of it, keep gov't out of healthcar. Keep us safe should be your priority #1
Gambling wins already impact seniors cost of Medicare and will now raise taxes if trump tax reform goes in.
If you make this tax cut for the rich please do not make it retroactive! Loss of gambling deduction will bankrupt many people!
You should have repealed Obamacare. For the last few years you stinking republicans having been calling to repeal. You should be fired.
Liar. You say one thing then vote to strip Nevada citizens of healthcare. You are on the WRONG side of history. Voters will remember this.
the entire Republican party is a disgrace voters gave you all 3 branches and all you do is continue to stab the American people in the back
Thanx for voting "Yes." McCain, et al, did country a great disservice with their "NO" vote. Hope next vote has Cross state line purchasing.
Incredibly disappointing and a horrific vote 4 NV. You had an opportunity & blew it.
You don't answer phone calls, so, I'm writing here to let you know that my donations to your opponent will be significant.
I live in Los Angeles and I'm going to donate to his opponent.
I live in Michigan Never been to Nevada. I too will donate.
And I will too! I'm sick of being sick & tired about the elected trash not supporting US!
Here's the problem:

1. Obamacare is deeply flawed, needs overhaul.
2. Trump & Co. have no intention of fixing anything.

#HealthcareBill
It isn't that flawed.  They burned it up.
Premiums were rising and competition was decreasing before Trump was even elected. But, yes, the GOP is trying to make things much worse.
They didn't try - they did. Please - wake up.
Dina Titus would do so much better. You caved!! Not good for us, not good for Nevada!
This is not how democracy is supposed to work. U let down people that need you the most. Move the Koch brothers testicles out of your eyes.
You did Nevadans a disservice by voting for the GOP's "skinny" repeal. This was worse than doing nothing. We won't forget on Election Day.
You lost my vote!
Bye, bye, bye
Put your stuff in boxes. You decided that protecting millions wasn't as important as toeing the line.
A man without conviction is the ultimate loser, which you were today. The next step is to Repeal and Replace you in 2018#
I'm disappointed in you Heller! You've flip flipped a few times & now you've  let us all down because you flipped again. You will lose 2018
Can we impeach the whole lot of them? Were getting screwed and Trump will keep punishing and threatening them until we all die.
We'll vote you out no matter who runs against you! You betrayed your people you lied to us and there's no excuse for that!
Jacky Rosen will get tons of money not only from nevadans but from other states as well! Not that she'll need that much
Now you're going to be out of a job in 2 years! We really don't care what you do now you didn't do what was important to all nevadans now!
Could have been a hero. Now a zero.
Very disappointed that you voted to cave to the orange menace! Even Sandoval wanted you to vote NO for the benefit of Nevada!
you LOST 2018!
So you caved to Steve Wynn.  So pathetic.  Now we work to vote you OUT of office!
@SenJohnMcCain voted in line with his constituents, REGARDLESS of party. He is again an American hero. You would do well to learn from him.
Can't wait to donate to your http://opponent.You  could have shown sense and leadership with a no vote . Now, you'll be voted out.
No statement can obfuscate the harm you were willing to levy on your constituents. Why didn't you stand with your fellow senator?
I guess this means that you can kiss goodbye to your seat come election time! Alway listen to your constituents. They are your stakeholders!
Outstanding Senator. Been watching your videos on YouTube. You don't let up. Never quit till you get some kind of answer. I like that.
Shame on you, you buckled, you let him get to you, you sold out! Just shame! #sad

Senator Heller cast the deciding vote in favor of dismantling health care. He folded to Trump, and we won’t forget: https://www.rosenfornevada.com  
You gave in to partisan pressure.  Even when you began in the right direction you folded under pressure.  #nvfirst #partysecond
Once again you voted like a coward to take away millions of people healthcare.
Disappointed in your decision. There is no replacement, why repeal?!? Ugh.
You're a coward and a liar..AFFORDABLE CARE ACT saves lives. You had the chance to fix it & folded for nothing, now we know who/what you are
Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
Let's guess you're going this way: "repeal the individual and employer mandates." Well, that will kill the healthcare for 15 million people.
But this is dangerous! Don't vote for Skinny Repeal, please
Don't chose party over state!
BS U MOVED FWD BECAUSE UWANT 2 GET EVEN W OBAMA A BLK PRES. #REELECTION SEAT IS THE PRICE U LL PAY4 JACKING UP RATE20% & CUTTING 16 MIL- #no
Fix #Obamacare Don't  vote for  #SkinnyRepeal
You, sir, never truly intended to repeal Obamacare despite promises.  You are part of the swamp, and in the pocket of the deep state.
How did it feel to bend over to #littledon? You are now apart of #Cult45 and the WH mafia. #Sad
Skinny is not a fix for the ACA. Skinny will raise premiums and we learned that from the insurers today when they told us this bill is bad
Pls Keep #ACA & repair it. 1000's & 1000's of lives & finances will B ruined. The majority want 2 keep it. People 1st Say NO to #Trump #GOP
I am so disappointed in you - I hope you can live with your actions - shame on you.
You try to justify the unjustifiable & it just makes you worse. Admit you care more about party politics than your constituents & be done.
please vote no, they McConnell won't work with Dems to fix ACA, don't trust Ryan, his dream to kill Medicaid
I figured you would cave. The people of Nevada mourn. Electing you was a big mistake, one I hope we don't repeat
I am sure all this confusion and secrecy is exactly how we want to handle 1/6 of the economy and health insurance security of 22-33M ppl.
Traitor, liar & backstabber!
Please support improvements. Always say no to repeal and replacing Obamacare. It's easier to keep working at something than starting over.
I hope you suffer like the people you are hurting.  Suffer all your votes.
Because they threatened, tempted, and bribed you, we get it.  This is bad for US. It weakens US. No one will forget who betrayed US.
the prem increases expected under Skinny Bill.  Senate has promised it won't pass House.Heller is honorable, right?
NEW: Premium rate shock by state under "skinny" repeal. 
https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/07/26/436740/senates-skinny-aca-repeal-shell-game/ … 
FEEL GOOD ABOUT THIS?
Hope you lose your healthcare and seat u looser
Like Risk Corridors?
You can do better than this Senator - please work on bipartisan solutions to fix the ACA!
Thank you for voting NO on repeal last night. Please, NO to "skinny repeal" too. Millions of us are scared. Fix, don't destroy!
You're NOT working to "address unworkable aspects of ACA"! STOP LYING! Skinny repeal will raise premiums by over 20%. You're #deplorable 
Your days as our senator are numbered. Nevadans deserve better. Reject and condemn Trump's actions and words which r filled with hate.
We are absolutely going to vote U out of office if you vote yes on skinny repeal or any repeal. We are self employed & protected with ACA!!!
#ThankYou, #SenHeller. #HeroStillNEEDEDNOW . #ProtectPreExistingConditions, #PreserveMedicaidExpansions. #NOTaxcut #SaveOurRuralHospitals
I live in NJ. WE WILL ELECT DEMOCRATIC GOV this Nov. Why??? Our GOP Gov. HURT MILLIONS w/ his http://policies.GOP  Sens are next #SaveACA
@CNN @NBCNews @POTUS Please continue to standing up to Trump's threats& intimidation. He doesn't care what's in the bill. Just wants a win.
#TarAndFeather these liars #NeverTrumpsters
Vote NO on skinny repeal because it will destabilize the insurance market and force premiums higher so more people will get priced out
You're a very foolish man. You're not for the people but for special interests. You will be voted out.
7 GOP no votes on straight repeal
•Alexander TN
•Capito WV
•Collins ME…
Enjoy the struggle to find healthcare when you're voted out of congress!
Put the people you represent over your selfish greed. Don't let people remember you as a disgrace to the nation. Vote NO to Trumpcare.
I'm praying that you make the right choice and vote NO to Trumpcare. You have to live with this decision for the rest of your life.
.@SenDeanHeller Ali & others w/CF THRIVE bcuz of ACA.Skinny repeal WILL harm her when the deals are done.Pls stop the harm,vote No & fix ACA
Never thought I'd agree with our foolish president on anything, but he's right; you've got to go.
I'm one of your constituents,  you blatantly lied to get our votes, I won't forget come reelection time you won't get my vote
Better start updating your resume because your ass is OUT in 2018
Sad that you put your political ambitions higher than your constituents.
I'm not constituent but facing health challenge. Yr vote on bill affects all Americans bc it affects ins indstry bottom line. Please vte NO.
STAND UP FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEVADA TODAY!

Starving so you can afford your medicine is the @GOP version of #SkinnyRepeal. Don't fall for it.  Call to hold them accountable. 
have to pay it back.  Thanks 2 u my nightmare about those things can continue.  never knowing if the IRS is going to come back and say pay.
I just love the d*** Obamacare.  I love the retarded fact that overtime my income changes I have to sweat whether I have made a mistake ...

Senators, Repeal and Replace the ACA today. The President has given you momentum. Don’t squander it. Income tax… https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2017/07/27/senators-repeal-and-replace-the-aca-today-the-president-has-given-you-momentum-dont-squander-it-income-tax-replacement-and-a-balanced-budget-is-next-dont-lose-your-momentum/ …
Thnx.  Obmacare errors have left me and my wife uninsured.  Thanks to you I can be guaranteed a fine(tax) for that system error.
Shame on you. Good luck with your no future in politics
We need to continue waiting ?.
Next time run as a Democrat 
USELESS SENATORS
You are part of the resistance party  
My husband and I had to cancel my health ins. Unaffordable. $2100 a mo.
NOW WHAT ?
Vote NO on #SkinnyRepeal. Follow Gov. Sandoval's advise. Your vote will be the difference. There's a better way. Fix the ACA.

https://twitter.com/sw_crisis/status/890604800647118848 … #Autism #SaveMedicaid #VoteNoOnSkinnyRepeal #disabilities #meanbill #realpeople
Well, I see you took the RINO route and voted against repealing that abortion called Obamacare.  Well, I guess I will do the same for you.
Give some ideas to improve healthcare costs, not insurance.  We need more competition in the system, not more government!

This makes all the major insurance associations opposed. https://twitter.com/jrovner/status/890597282000900098 …
My daughter is living well with Type 1 Diabetes but she needs the ACA to stay healthy. Please vote no on the "Skinny Repeal".
#NoTrumpCare
Health Insurers warning higher premiums, more uninsured next year. How many warnings are needed to end this bill?
BREAKING: Insurers slam skinny repeal, which will lead to "higher premiums, fewer choices for consumers, and fewer people covered next year" 

Don't let the cute name fool you. "Skinny repeal" will cause a death spiral for ACA, 16 million more uninsured by next year.
#SaveACA https://twitter.com/jhamelresists/status/890594490284736514 …

UPDATE: Skinny is no longer just about mandate. Door now open for waivers that hurt ppl w pre-existing conditions. (Called "1332 waivers.")
How about voting for what you promised #FullRepeal
Vote no
Senator - are you one of the ones McConnell has bought off?  We are watching.
Update: lots unfolding. McConnell is getting VERY close to 50. Getting around the rules and buying off Sens every way he can. Here goes. 1/ https://twitter.com/chadderr/status/890538278960734208 …
Not a single @GOP gopplan we've seen all week does this. #Start Over

#SkinnyRepeal #SaveMedicaid #SaveOurHealthcare
If we cannot deduct gambling losses we will need to stop gambling.  Reportable wins should be raised been the same at least 45 years.
I am glad u r among the senators that want something that works rather than pass at any cost.  Btw trumps tax reform will hurt the casinos.
Vote him out he is a Democrat and Republican's clothing
Please don't take HC away from millions of vulnerable Americans.
You are some piece of work or something else.  Play politics with us, vote to repeal and when it counts change...prepare to lose your seat
We know u were threatened, then bought. If u stand with this thief we will not forget u betrayed the people that needed you most. Be a hero!
#HellerVoteNo is not what you're there for.

Now I'll be happy to see you go
We the GOP voters from all over the country will make sure you will not be elected. You voted for Govt. healthcare. GOP promise us Repeal!
I am deeply disappointed in your no vote. Repeal Obamacare.
Wow lied to get re- elected
You are a coward B##ch!!
Please vote no on any bill that will increase premiums or result in millions losing coverage. Thank you for voting against straight repeal.
All Americans deserve an open, transparent, bipartisan resolution on the ACA. You MUST put party aside and work for all Americans.
the entire point is that the govt has no business in the insurance business.  Return to the free mkt.
You're a major disappointment to the American People! You have let Us down!
I will be donating 2 your incumbent in the next election!
It doesn't sound like you have any plan. The real question is why not? Forget the years of promise to "repeal and replace"? #RINO
How are you addressing fixing the ACA?
Well Sen I'm sure your replacement will file soon. Pretty sure @POTUS called you out. There will be major contributions to your opponent.
GET A CLUE.
Obamacare needs to be repealed, not replaced so that the marketplace competition can deal with it to make it cheaper for Americans! Savvy?
REPLACE OBUMMER CARE NOW.
Trump bullied and intimidated you. You laughed along and then changed your vote. 

No guts. There's your statement. 

#ProfilesInCourage
REPLACE OBUMMER CARE NOW. REPUBLICANS VOTED FOR YOU TO DO THIS. WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT. DO YOUR JOB FOR US.
@POTUS @FoxNews Sen. Heller, you need to resign now. You are of no use to America, and you have made 63M+ Americans angry!

Bipartisan governors write to @SenateMajLdr & @SenSchumer urging the Senate to reject "skinny" repeal bill.  
Please Vote NO on repealing or repealing/replacing #ACA  Choose #American citizens instead of #Trump & the wealthy. Our People first #GOP
Voting NO on repeal was BAD mistake.  If Obamacare continues, will NOT be voting for you again.  I DON'T WANT govt handouts or Medicaid!!
You don't have a clue when it comes to Heath Care!
@SenDeanHeller if you vote yes on the "skinny repeal," I will be donating to your opponent's campaign. HAVE A SPINE, do what is right.
Your Gov. @GovSandoval is against any of these bills. Medicaid will be cut. Symbolic votes won't save NV. VOTE NO
The bipartisan group of Governors (including Sandoval and Kasich) who have raised opposition throughout GOP process oppose "skinny" repeal 
Such a disappointment, the American people deserve so much more. ...
Rino
You cannot create a bill to protect millions of Americans' healthcare in a week. #bipartisan
Please do NOT cave to pressure from Trump-- accept no less than what is better health care for PEOPLE, not what seems better for the GOP!
So in other word you don't know shit
Looking forward to donating to your opponent. Medicaid expansion protects the disabled. #HealthcareForAll
Autism mom proudly supporting ACA in a Medicaid expansion state. I will gladly support any opponent of yours. #HealthCareForAll
No leadership only fear of maybe. How did anyone survive before ACA? When you look in the mirror you can see why Congress polls unfavorably.
From Georgia, will.donate to your opponent.Guess Steve Wynn bought u off after Donald threatened u. Enjoy the $$
