Telephone? How quaint. Why not just send us a telegram while you are at it? FYI defy Trump and do what is right or bye bye!
Why not show up in person for all of us? U show up for private meetings or only rural, GOP friendly venues.  Meet w washoe co
No to Dem agenda! Put on ballot for .10c bags!Also funds for PPH! No
CHIIIIIIIIIICKEN!
yes on Gorsuch no on #ryancare it's #obamacare light. Full repeal no replace. Deregulate for free market.
I don't want to talk on the phone. Come to #LasVegas and #Represent
VOTE NO on #Trumpcare
Can't find this advertised anywhere.
Please hold a real town hall in Reno.   Serious issues need to be discussed in a thoughtful, respectful manner.
Yes! Did not pick me to speak! Yes to Health care! Yes to Judge!
Stunned that you'd vote to allow the hunting of bear cubs and denning wolf pups. Horrified.
Nothing he does stuns me anymore. Awful.
HELLO WE'RE RENO WE'D LIKE TO HAVE A TOWN HALL WITH THE SENATOR WHO IS SUPPOSED TO REPRESENT US!!!
Who are you looking out for again? Constituents want our photo op too--townhall !!!!!
Stand with Nevada Voters.  NO on Gorsuch and NO on trumpcare.. . Or it Will be NO on Heller 2018. I am a Nevada Voter.
Me too Bonnie! I am a Nevada voter. Vote NO Heller.
Vote NO on CRA proposal to roll back  FCC broadband privacy rules. Personal info mustn't be for sale by ISPs w/out permission
This is not enough!! Meet face to face with Ur Constiuents!! Townhall in Reno!!
REAL IN-PERSON townhall please.
lets do something now. Vote against trumpcare.
townhall in vegas !!!! You can bring your resume and put out some feelers for when you're not avoiding constituents anymore
Simple question:  when will your Town Hall be in Southern Nevada?  There are a few constituents here too.
just a few...lol
did you brag how you cheered 7 yrs ago when NV filed a lawsuit to block ObamaCare because you didnt want NV to have it?
We're watching!! Remember 2018!!
When is the next IN PERSON Town Hall in Las Vegas? WE THE PEOPLE have A LOT to say to you and you SHOULD listen and learn!!
Sooo courageous.  When will you get the gumption stand in front of a live audience of real people?
are you using tax payer dollars to only invite Republicans and committed supporters to your private chats?
No on Gorsuch and No on #AHCA. I am a Nevada voter.
if you really cared about Nevadans come in person. In fact come to Las Vegas we have a lot to talk about
How about a REAL town hall? Or still afraid of clapping and booing?
who knew?  #BeatDean2018
.@SenDeanHeller Why do we never know about these? I'm in Carson City, would have appreciated a heads up. What is your twitter account for?
Heller is never going to look out for Nevada, he has to walk lockstep with King Trump. VOTEHELLEROUT2018
hey Dean show up in Las Vegas for a live town hall
Get off the phone,(where they can screen everyone), and do a real town hall meeting already!
I am sad to hear that you are still doing the telephone town halls. Time to show up in person, Senator. We have to talk!
Then do a real town hall in southern Nevada but I bet you won't! You work for us as well!
You say you're looking forward to more. Will you tell us in advance or will you continue to tell us that we missed it again?
How about a face to face real town hall where U listen & we speak? Learn what we really feel.
You've dodged Nevadans for long enough. Hold a townhall in person. Announce it wide and far. Hear us. Answer and address us.
Unfortunately I know that I'm just talking to a wall. @DeanHeller probably has no interest in these pages. Why even bother?
Of the people, by the people and for the people.I don't see "some of the people" in that one. All for our country? All what?
NO on Gorsuch!! Remember Garland!!
You promised to have an in person town hall when you came to Carson City! We have you on the record!!!!
Sadly, you pander to certain demographics. We are all Nevadans and you are our Senator. We can't afford to buy your vote.
Or is it a pay for play thing? Since I am a working class citizen, I guess I don't rate high on the importance list.
When do you announce that these things are happening? I didn't get a notice, email, social media invite, phone call..nothing!
Why do you not notify the fine citizens of you state? Do you only represent rural, religious and Repubilcans or all Nevadans?
Hey! I'm rural and I wasn't notified! Who do I have to pay off to get on the notification list? Do I need Rubles to attend?
he's afraid to meet face to face.
#SavetheACA
@DeanHeller Hand selected! Ur office continues to lie and say tele-town halls are to broaden ur contact w NV residents
but that is a lie, because you don't include everybody- why limit who can call in?

How is this good for Nevada.... America??
man up?, address your Clark County constituents in an open TH. Our voices are not being represented in Congress. #noin2018
What about Reno? What is your position in Trumpcare? Don't let Trump-bully you. #dumptrump
I don't believe you.  How come there is never public notice to let Nevadans know how to participate?
Excellent.  Very much anticipating your actual in-person townhall meeting, Dean.
you better that's where your votes are.  Hope for the best.
you miss me! But I will email you! God Bless!
.@SenDeanHeller  How about a written transcript?  How can the rest of us know what questions you faced & what your answers were?
show your face.  You scared? Of the people you work for? U seem to b a 
How about an in-person town hall, maybe somewhere in Clark Co? You are a coward.
can you please have one in person? Thanks
Sorry, no. They don't let chickens out of their cages.
how do you give notice for these meetings?  You promised to have a town hall in person in Vegas and Reno. When?
I would to know when and where too.  Hiding ???
when are we getting one in person? Boos and all.
We don't want telephone townhalls My Senator. You don't even tell us when you are having these phone halls. Man up or U R out
how could you be so cruel to say yes to SJ RES 18? Your cruelty is destructive. You don't listen to your constituents
Constituent:89121. NO ON #AHCA. NO, NO, NO on this rushed and horrible bill. I will lose my, my families insurance. NO #AHCA
"Telephone town hall" is not a town hall. That's a bitch move, Heller. We're coming for you.
how about a real town hall?
Heller is hiding !
you tweeted this before. At this point you're just lying to appease us. It's not working.

this is the best tweet ever! @RenoCritic.@realDonaldTrump
did you tell people in advance? Or did you just invite the constituents that agree with you
a select group.
Don't have the guts to meet us all face to face?
#MerrickGarland
show up somewhere!  Man Up! Be a Nevadan
You won't be around that much longer. You have disappointed so many of us.
