Mr Heller What you can for the people here in NV is to tell our Attorney General to enforce the Back Ground Check law that we passed by vote
I believe U need 2go 2a gun show or gun store N video tape how easy it is 2bypass the background check.  Publicly get their attention!
What?
We will not forget you voted against bill in 2013 to outlaw bump stocks. Your sickening brotherhood with NRA costs lives.
You are either blind deaf or disingenuous sir Trump did Nothing of the Kind!!
And maybe you should vote against allowing unlimited supply of guns in NV
A mentally ill @POTUS brings @SenDeanHeller to #LasVegas to read someone else's words. Never says shooter is mentally ill. 1/2
Is that a joke? Its not funny. If you're serious, then you're not paying attention.
Wow, you are hopeless.
Can I get your cell phone # so I can address my concerns with you? Since you won’t have town halls or respond to your constituents in NV...
You are disgusting, people are dying. I hope their souls hunt you down do the righting you ar loosing your job next yr anyway

@News3LV @POTUS Nov 18th, you have to go.
You're both such embarrassments to #NV and #America 
And we will not forget that lack of sensible gun control led to the senseless deaths of so many innocent Americans. We need to change this.
I stand with Rex- @realDonaldTrump and the rest of the GOP are morons and their balls are in a vice grip with the NRA
You took that seriously? You thought he was sincere? Whew....
He isn't helping us heal and neither are you. You just put yourself in photo ops. You are a #poser. We see you and we will not forget either
What is first thing @POTUS does when he gets to oval office - - gives mentally ill rights to purchase firearms. This is his accomplishment
We will never forget your complicity in mass murders.
OK, stop the ass kissing now. We get it. How about more about safety for Nevadans and visitors.
Shut up
You are looking good


Did you talk about gun control ?
The Moron is never going to answer your questions
And @DeanHeller we will not forget that you have used this tragedy for photo ops. Action?? Forget it. The voters will speak and you will go.
Oh did little dean-y get a big boy ride on the shiny airplane? You are unbelievable.
This tweet has audience of one you brazen suck up. It is your own state for Pete’s sake
Now do something about it! Now IS the time!

Replace *thoughts and prayers * with *policy and change* Too many #ThoughtsandPrayers, not enough #PolicyAndChange. Send  back to NRA
Yes you will! Going back to the NRA and turning ur back on NV . GOP will do nothing to stop the sale of assault rifles #bloodmoney
Enjoy this while you can. Won’t be long and you’ll be out of this job. Think he will help you then?

GOPigs R  bought & pd 4 by NRA! Millions & Millions of  & they don't just own Trumpf, but all ReThugliCons in office! Free country my ass!
Healing? What did HE do? He has been dividing this country since he was elected. Aren't paying attention or are u brown nosing to keep job?
You're both HYPOCRITES. As Trump has previously admitted; it was all about OPTICS.
https://twitter.com/ChetPowell/status/915744617940824064 …
Unfortunately u are kinda right. He's supposed to rep entire state but S NV only sees him when he can find a photo op. 2018 Tic Toc
You mean to ride AIRFORCE ONE? U R not fooling us with your BS. #Trump cares for Trump PERIOD. Wasn't he just mad at U for a no vote? PHONYS
Glad you remembered where “home” was

This is an odd photo as a thank you for helping "us" heal. Perhaps images of the "us" rather than you all emo for your guy?
Vile human
How exactly did Trump help anyone ‘heal’? You must have meant ‘heel’. Which, btw is what he made you do on healthcare vote. #TrumpsBitch
A picture speaks a 1000 words...
Man, you never miss an opportunity to kiss that dude’s ass do you?  I mean seriously.  Have some dignity!
Americans are united, linking arms and hearts together to hold  the victims of #LasVegas strong. United WE STAND. 
But we'll forget you in November next year. Both you are tools
Yet you support the evil silencer bill.  If it were for concern for hearing, subsidize EAR PLUGS. If used in LV, many more would be dead
Are you flippin kidding me? Disgusting. Both of you.
You're such a hypocrite. How much money have you received from the NRA?
Jeez, I can just hear your press secretary posing you “just so.” You are truly shameless, @SenDeanHeller. Got on AF1 to travel *back* to LV?
@POTUS  is actually a smart man who loves this country--including Nevada. Ditto @SenDeanHeller whose attention is focused on Nevada Citizens
You're insane. That has to be it. You're simply insane.
Literally what in the entire hell is wrong with you?
How muchis that senator in the window?  Arf, Arf  Ask McConnellNRA and Koch brothers, they know.
Kiss gianormous ass much?! Las Vegas can have my "thoughts and prayers" but Congress ACTION is required! Be a man!
That's right HELLER, we won't forget your PRO-NRA and ANTI-Healthcare record. Blood on your hands!
Kissing ass won't save your seat. Bye-bye in 2018.
What an unnecessary and groveling post. Wow Senator.
Hacks. Both of you.
You're not fooling anyone.  Nevada can't wait to vote you out.
So you need to fly on Air Force One to come to Southern Nevada?  The people here never see you.  Just another NRA owned empty suit.
@SenDeanHeller is firmly in Trump's Russian camp. Bought and paid for by all Kochs and NRA. Not good for US or Nevada. #ByeDean #2018
Shut up
We will not forget the totally pathetic monotone reading of someone else's thoughts because he has none that are worth sharing.
Remember that one time when you tried prevent people from healing by screwing up the or healthcare?! Okay, more than one time.
Look at the lap dog sitting on AF-1   How did he help us heal?  He didn't even throw paper towels at us to clean up the mess.
And because we know how vain you are: your body no longer fits in those slacks.
Um...days before the attack, you were at an NRA rally praising their work. Keep looking out that window, man. Your career is plummeting.
The guy wouldn't even provide free stays at his hotels for surviving members, unlike other hotels here.
Um..... ? What? 
So you flew fro Las  Vegas to Washington to fly back again on Air Force One? On our dime??!
Disgusting. Him and Trump. #LasVegasSTrong #GoAwayDeanHeller
Oh gag me.

We don't have a president. We have a Russian puppet holding the WH hostage, for the moment.
True.  It is so disgusting that Trump even suggests that he should judge ppl about how patriotic they are - when Trump IS TREASON!
I think you should just keep quiet for a while and work for banning assault weapons and strict background checks even at gun shows
No more gun shows in Las Vegas
You know he is coming after you right? Stop sucking up
What is this crap? A mass shooting of 500 & you're making it about you getting to be on #AF1. And it's too soon to talk about gun control?
@SenDeanHeller might be looking for a new job. #nevada doesn’t forget his betrayal.
Please just go away you feckless trump puppet!
Trump makes everything worse. What a disaster.
THAT LOOKS LIKE A SHIT SHOW PR DISASTER!
Keep sucking up to your insane President, Sen Heller. We will vote you out in 13 months.
Heller you beady eyed, no-lipped traitor; get out of Las Vegas and go crawl back up Trumps big old booty. That is all.
Unreal!
Thanks for what u just said, Senator, HOWEVER.... If you & FBI try to tell us #Paddack was a lone wolf, we will not believe you. Like "Workplace violence in Ft. Hood, San Bernardino? DO NOT LIE TO 
Didn't you vote against limit on magazine size, assault weapons and background checks? 
Stop thanking POTUS!   Introduce responsible gun legislation.
Is he mad as a hatter?  Right.....that's @POTUS45!
Are you looking for someone who will vote for you?
Nevada does not need a cheerleader for First Responders. 
Clark County has some of the best First Responders in the world.
Background check
What did POTUS do? Public relations aside reform the law.
Deny access to urban assault weapons
Same as grenade,  RPG, Nerve gas, bazooka
Senator Heller walk the walk, NV the US and people are is suffering,S andy Hook, San Bernardino, Pulse, all urban assault weapons
Courage
Thank you Senator for keeping Americans safe
Btw, your #ThoughtsandPrayers are HOLLOW!
Senator Heller a Universal background check may have triggered a a police or ATF red flag when Paddock bought forty urban assault weapons
Senator Heller a Universal background check may have triggered a red flag or two when Paddock bought thousands of rounds of ammunition
Are you kidding? Dean Heller sucking up to Trump and NRA   Spineless and pathetic
He did NOTHING! Why not “lobby” him for better gun control? #coward #NRAbitch
You can kiss the Presidents ASS all day but you will NOT be reelected.
Senator Heller you are a hypocrite if you accept and use NRA campaign contributions.
Urban assault weapons need to be regulated & controlled
Like Trump really cares. He only wanted a photo op. But your a republican and kiss Trumps butt.
He helped who??
#LasVegasShooter #LasVegasMassacre #LasVegasStrong #Lasveg
This man is to blame.
Can’t wait to vote you out
POTUS thanks for your EMPTY words. SEN HELLER & GOP put the interests of NRA over the safety of Americans. Pray GOD forgives you.
Thank you President Trump. 
It means so much to all of us that you took time for #Vegas & visited the victims. 
#LasVagasShooting
Don’t forget your chute!
@KTNV @POTUS We won't forget in 2018 either homie. Enjoy it while it lasts.
Sen. Heller YOU & GOP are complicit in this tradegedy for doing ABSOLUTELY NOTHING mass shooting after mass shooting you & GOP DO NOTHING!
You're fired
So, were Wynn& Adelson on the jet with you all? Maybe the Kochs & Mercers to really get the healing going? 1/
2/ Didja all go donate blood, provide emotional support for the victims, their families, and first responders?
3/ ....or didja all just throw paper towels into a small audience & and tell them they're doing great? #askingForAfriend

I wish I could forget.
Omg.
Oh he let you sit on the plane.  Dean you were a guy I thought had courage and now I'm seeing nothing but the usual follow follow follow
You won't forget, but you won't try to reign in the use of automatic weapons.
Gun control.  Period.  AG approve bg checks and No bump stocks.  Period.  We the people want BG checks and more laws regarding guns!  WakeUp
By that you mean will provide "thoughts & prayers" while counting your NRA blood $$ and doing NOTHING to prevent another massacre #NRAKills
That’s my senator kissing the ass of a fucking moron!
resign
Kissing more ass.  Hope it helps you on Election Day.
Is that supposed to be a joke?
How did he help us heal?  It was just another photo op for him.  U can help by not accepting $$ from NRA and the Koch Bros.
He said today wasn’t the time to discuss gun violence. What is he helping NVs heal from? FFS take your head out of his backside
You are an embarrassment
Could your nose get any browner?
The GOP is all talk but no action on gun control. We will not forget your inaction on sensible gun control.
You are embarrassing yourself - trump did nothing to help.
How about healing us by preventing massacres?
Despite ur politically expedient words #Trump's done zero 2 heal US. Divide yes; heal no. Take $30 Mil blood $ from #NRA yes. #guncontrol no
You’re a kiss ass to @POTUS who only say that for your base! You’re despicable and hope you can live with clear conscience!?
Dude you embarrassed your self n your constitutes w/ that maudlin statement. OMG. Grow a pair n quit kissing ass.
You know you're getting voted out right.
How about voting for healthcare...that would help americans
Oh, please. Get real. #NRABloodMoney #25thAmendmentNow
Trump was no help and not needed
Brown nose
Is that a pic you on a plane we taxpayers pay for?  Don’t you think that’s a little tone deaf in light of Price, Pruitt, Zinke & golf trips?
Guessing next is Back to NRA business as usual now after the obligatory moment of silence?
We don't need your thoughts and prayers @SenDeanHeller  Weneed you to represent us. Stop smirking and taking money from Kochs and NRA. #Liar
Dean, you will soon be distant memory. And history will judge you for your support of a racist, divisive, Russian aided president.
When’s the next sacrifice to the gun cult?
That’s great, Dean.
But will we DO ANYTHING!?
Kill the Share Act NOW, and re-instate the assault-weapons ban. Remember that?
Return the #BloodMoney!#BloodOnYourHands @NRA: #DomesticTerrorThreat
What did he do to heal us again, Dirty Dean?
Oh brother!
#GunControlNow Trump is a moron
So who is he healing?
You look like a puppy staring out the window at his owner leaving in their car.

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
How about you DO something to keep it from happening again? #GunControlNow #NRAPuppets
Did you give him a blowjob on Air Force one?
Ewwww.
Ikr? I almost puked
Gag
How about doing something to help Stop This!!! Gun Regulations & Enforcing Existing Ones! NO SILENCERS OR ARMOR PIERCING BULLETS! SICK OF IT
PATHETIC
was it worth it?
does the NRA send Thank You notes when you are quiet after people have been murdered?
http://www.politico.com/interactives/2017/gun-lobbying-spending-in-america-congress/ …
I have to agree. This is one presidents are at their best! Unlike Puerto Rico visit....
How do you live w yourself? You know tRUMP is unfit.
Was beautiful.  He shines most when he is not in DC. That might serve you well.
You have blood on your hands. We will not forget.
A lot brighter than any halfwit who voted for a sociopathic con man being blackmailed by a foreign power. Shocked you got "you're" right.
Jesus Heller! Your seat isn't secure. Stop the cheesing. Act like the man they wanted in office representing the state. Not a Trump stooge.
GUN CONTROL!!!!!!!!!!
Not too many fans of you or DOTUS 
You're right, we won't forget. For you, in November 2018, and for him in November 2020. Both of you will be voted out.
Sucking up  pretty good Dean. Hahaha
Kissing butt.
Really?   Enjoy that gun lobby $
attempts at dramatic photos of people looking out of windows for such a horrific event makes light of it
NOW GO TALK ABOUT GUN CONTROL!!!!!!
Now about prevention..
