I'm betting they are going to have a better season, than you are going to have in your reelection campaign next year.
A" help wanted" sign would be more appropriate....
as if the CA voters needed yet another reason to support your challenger in 2018.
You really have your priorities straight, don't you...
Who cares? https://twitter.com/RBReich/status/893125201239523328 … Try doing the right thing. Hold a town hall.
Members of Congress are home for August recess. We need to keep up the pressure and hold them accountable! Some tips from @IndivisibleTeam: 
You will be lucky to keep that office after your pitiful stance on healthcare vote.
Looks like the Raiders have a spot on your window.   Looks good.
Your approval is now at 22%.
I hope you paid for it privately. We have O care so we can't afford it! SELL OUT!
Or you could start listening tp@your constituents and stop spending money on nonsense. Spend it on healthcare and education.
JACKY ROSEN FOR SENATE 2018!!!
Stolen football team and you wanted to take people's healthcare too.  Figures.
Hope you put those up with scotch tape- I wanna make sure you get your deposit back when we flip your seat... #2018midterms
I will be helping move you out of this office in 2018.
as a conservative I reeeeeally hope you lose your next election.  I will be actively campaigning against  you.
Too bad you won't be able to enjoy it for too long. You are sneaky but not too bright if you thought we wouldn't find out how you voted.
That will be nice for the Senator who replaces you.
Can't wait till Nevada upgrades their Senatorial representation in 15 months!!!
On 7/28/17, under cover of night, MILLIONAIRE @SenDeanHeller voted to STEAL care from MILLIONS to give TAX CUTS to RICH!!!

#COWARD #2018
He could have been one of the heroes.

Instead, he got scared.

@SenDeanHeller #COWARD
Stay vigilant!!! GOP grifters @SenDeanHeller, @LindseyGrahamSC, and @BillCassidy are trying to reintroduce repeal legislation!
Possibly before recess, but my guess... they follow House lead and try to  blitzkrieg it through immediately following return.
I feel like a fool for calling your office to thank you for your opposition to Trumpcare. (Your staffer seemed pleased though.)
 You weasel, Dean! We will NEVER forget how you tried to betray Americans  by taking away healthcare to give more $ to billionaires 
Senator Heller, good looking office! A little something to read:
Acting conservative? What does that mean? Was Romney Care conservative enough for you?
Only thing I agree with you on! Still not getting my vote again!
About upgrading your office to reflect "EDUCATION" for our youth and not billionaire sports teams.
22%
Nice I'm sure Jacky will enjoy it you LIAR! You didn't care about our healthcare so hit the road you trumpster! Traitors love Traitors!
Couldn't help but notice - not a *single* positive response. 1 neutral comment about football, but nary a compliment. Murkowski got tons. Hm
an upgrade would be to not have Steve Wynn's paid-for senator in it #dirtydean
Thats just so important liar
Looks great! I'm sure Senator Rosen will appreciate the decor when she moves in!
Cool. Maybe now you'll be able to take or calls, Dean???  Wtf, man.
I think the knights should be on top there their playing. This year you raiders aren't for another year or more
Ooooh. This racks up another dollar for @RosenforNevada   Keep tweeting Dean.
Spineless phony crook hope u get ran out of Nevada @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski & @senrobportman
sooo disappointed to find you to be one of Trump's puppets...but Trump is a bully ..Hopefully you get you nerve back and do what you believe
Make sure to vote for your people and against this repeal nonsense
Pandering to the sports community wont win back your constituents.
#better than Dean in 2018
You cast the wrong vote on something that is life and death for people and this is the frivolous crap you post
Don't try a sports distraction with us. Too little, too late.
Here's a head start on packing:
https://www.cheapcheapmovingboxes.com/ 
#hellerout2018
My vote is to keep you in office defund planned parenthood and repeal and replace Obamacare! MAGA!
@SenDeanHeller you protect a President that hurts Nevadians
Are you referring to the "resist" group outside your office ?  Definite Upgrade !
We need relief from Obamacare, you could help educate people re CBO numbers include tens of millions who simply opt out #healthcarereform
I'm sure Jacky Rosen will love it. Enjoy it while you can!
Ironic since you won't even visit Clark county #notickets4heller #countingdownthedays #byebyedean
REPEAL & REPLACE DEAN "THE SLEAZE" HELLER!!
u better enjoy it while u can because ur going to b repealed and replaced in 2018 for voting yes on the  Healthcare / death care bill
Maybe you should get someone to helpmanage your messaging, or fire whoever advised this tweet…
Heller = #traitor #rino #turncoat #primarygop #primaryrinos
Thanks for nothing on that healthcare vote!
I get to help in 2018 kick you out. Get packing!!!!
Judging by the comments you are going to have a short stay left. That's what happens when you fuck with healthcare.
Do you need help in packing and moving out in Nov!
Primary Hellet now,
Just a guess. @SenDeanHeller after your embarrassing series of flip flops, you'll run back to safe grin pics and act like nothing happened.
This is the office of a U.S. Senator, not a teenage boy's bedroom. For heaven's sake.
Enjoy the office for now... time to update your resume.
Heller your a coward ,it took 2 brave women and 1american hero to put McConnell,Ryan , and trump in there place, again COWARD it fits you
Did you know my self paid medical costs twice as much as it did 5 years ago and covers a third less?  How's your health care Senator?
sorry can't forgive you for vote on "skinny repeal" which was disaster and meant to kick the can but would have been made law. Dangerous
Please upgrade your healthcare policy. Stop your attempts to take away our coverage. #OurLivesOnTheLine. Nice Window!
At least the golden knights will be there for Las Vegas to bad you won't be. POS
How about, "Senior Friendly"!
The office of Senator could use an update:#ElectJackyRosen
We don't care about your office we care about the way you sold out the people of Nevada on Healthcare
Traitor not voting for you next election 
SO DISAPPOINTED IN U!!!!!!!!!
Your fake support for anything NV is not needed. You voted on Friday to kill  Nevadans, hockey is the last thing you need to talk about
What are you doing about Rep sabotage of ACA? If Trump withholds CSR payments, mkts will destabilize & premiums. Fix ACA
For someone as unpatriotic as you, trying to pass Deathcare, you deserve a  sign on your window.
Might need helmet if vote is to remove healthcare from constitutes, use helmet next time Trump makes you go along with wrong choice 4 NV.
I thought Steve Wynn made him change his vote?
Your office, a front for a #FascistCollaborator
Where is ur public statement on the bigoted policy for our military? Do you stand w Sgt. Hunt? Your silence is support of ignorance
Wow, team spirit! Almost made me forget u ignored ur constituents because u didn't have the courage to stand up to Trump. Wait, no it didn't
Credit where credit is due, I approve of this
Did you pay for it with funds borrowed from the Medicaid you are trying to steal from needy Nevadans, like small children with cancer?
You won't have it long.. you voted yes on the repeal
You forgot your promise. Thank you. See you next year election. 
You're priorities are far too out of whack for Nevada! You're so done next year
Impeach Trump! Save our country.... Forget the Raiders.
Sports are fun. Who cares that you lied about healthcare and dont mind thousands and thousands losing coverage amirite?!
Don't get comfy
Raiders, huh? Going for the Vegas vote this early?
How about upgrading your office to fight for citizens of Nevada, save their healthcare, fight against the tyranny of @realDonaldTrump.
You won't be enjoying it very long!! Such a disappointment!!
I walked by this office when I visited DC. At that time I viewed u as courageous. Now I now you are nothing but a #coward
Your time is coming to an end, you're toxic votes and vile ideals will fade away, like you.
Don't worry. You won't be there too long.
You lied to NV on June 23 vowing to protect healthcare and then u flip flopped and voted Yes to pass the buck to Ryan. #sad
Don't listen to the dumbocrats, as long as your acting conservative we will have your back.

Good to see you're working on important stuff. I'd like a better rep please.
After your healthcare vote you are going to need a lot more than a new upgrade to your page.
Your office disconnected me multiple times when I called during Skinny repeal. Your front office decor isn't your problem.
Don't make too many changes to that office. You won't be there long.
U vote 2 deny healthcare then upgrade ur office WOW bigly bad move @realDonaldTrump no senate 4u in 2018 #sad
Heller is working on a plan to steal coverage from Millions. Vote him out, Nevada!
Hmmm , don't think it's going to be your office much longer 
Yep! For sure! Wondering if he's going to work for Trump?
Screw off! Voting no to health Care
So nice that YOU got that upgrade after voting to kick 16 million Americans off their healthcare and raise their premiums by 20%

