Scumbag millionaire politrickan, flipped on Nevada last time. His family will be fine esp with their tax cut wealthcare scheme but not US
I smell something, and is not a good smell, Health Care needs to be clear form government, illegals need to be out, sanctuary's need to stop
Lol how'd this go for you? You aren't even a Martyr, Martyr's die for noble things, you killed your career because of a bill..
Only thing u care about getting ur campaign funding from Wynn, Adelson and Koch. Shame on u. #dumpheller
you mean pads you and your bff's pockets.
Now that HC vote has been abandoned, please DON'T try to pull that crap again!
O'care saved my husband's life & is still affordable for us!
No it does not
Says who? Not the CBO Senator.
@SenDeanHeller listen to Nevadians! Not the donors of your re-election campaign! 2018 will find you out looking for work IF you continue.
Nope nope nope nope. Stop. Keep the ACA & improve it. Or single payer!
You made a BIG mistake supporting this and we voters will Remember!!!
No sir.If it passes and my son is kicked off healthcare I invite you to come watch him as he will sieze throughout the day. #knowwhaturdoing
The Congress has proven it can not manage health care. Feds must HELP States to do the job. France = California in GDP!
Wrong. You were trying to take insurance away from Nevadans to give tax breaks to the Kochs and other donors. Stop it already.
No it doesn’t and it’s now where it belongs in the trash and if the tax bill is anywhere near what there saying you need to start over again
If you want to represent NV in 2018, drop this disaster of a bill! ACA is in place & working for the majority of US...Fix what is broken!
No, this is a very poor substitute for the ACA. This will be remembered
@SenDeanHeller you are so wrong and we will vote you out in 2018, you have let all Nevadans down!
Your inability to keep you word and show at town hall in Las Vegas, so disappointing vote No on Heller in 2018
Please don't just vote to vote! Have the guts to really put time and effort into a real bill that really does work!
Nevada doesn't need a healthcare plan that doesn't require ALL insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions! ACA is fixable! #FIXIT
You don't listen to the views of Nevadans. It's pointless to tweet. I think it's a given you'll be gone next election cycle. I won't miss u
Graham Cassity Heller DOA, morally bankrupt, and inhumane. Repeal and replace Heller.
Your bill to take our healthcare away and defund planned parenthood is dead just like your political career. Good riddance!!
I can hear the 'whooshing' sound of your career circling the drain, Dean
You made sure your name was attached, but forgot to make sure it was good for Nevada. Out of touch, as always. @DannyTarkanian 2018
Um, YOU'RE the status quo.
@talkaboutit84 WRONG! Maybe you'd feel DIFFERENT if U were disabled like me! I can assume your name's on the Bill is it's your RESIGNATION!
Yep. Not only that, but the FULL NAME of the bill came out! It's: Graham-Cassidy-HELLER-Johnson Healthcare Bill! He HID that gem!
That so called "healthcare bill" of @SenDeanHeller is his OFFICIAL NOTICE; he doesn't want 2 B a Senator! I'm voting @RosenforNevada
Then work w/ your colleagues & make ACA better. Don't shift burden to states so that US Congressmen can be absolved of responsibility.
EVERY major healthcare org in NV and nationally opposes you: AMA, ANA, ACSCAN, etc. You will cripple UMC. Be like Sen. McCain, not Santorum.
Leaving Americans without healthcare coverage is shameless answer. Here's an idea @SenDeanHeller IMPROVE-EXPAND  coverage. #health #norepeal
In 2019 Nevadans will ask "Who was Dean Heller?"
The country does NOT want this. How many times do we have to tell you.  fix the current program. Enough is enough.
So you attached your name to this crime against humanity? I hope you're proud, I hope you are ready for the consequences of going against us
Wrong! Fix the ACA

What she said.  Forget attempts to dismantle the ACA, make it better.
This from a guy who couldn't pass a quiz on basic healthcare policy
NO it does not. There is no certainty in this BILL. PUT YOUR STATE FIRST.
You. Sir. Are. LYING. New hashtag #LyingHeller.
Thanks to our Gov who took the medicaid expansion, Alzheimer's patients got extra help. You want to take that away. Seniors are 12% of NV.
My mom with Alz got a few extra years at home with Obamacare. Please tell everyone that Medicare doesn't cover long term care. If you take..
away Medicaid expansion there will be old people with dementia laying in the gutters because you threw them under the bus for the Koch bros.
You won't be a senator come 2018 because we have living proof you work for GOP donors, not Nevadans. #GetHellerOut
Not true, Mr. Heller. What isn't working is your commitment to Nevadans. The bill is a sham.
You obviously haven't read it, bugwit...
Liar liar pants on 
TAKE A LESSON FROM THE NFL and solve OUR problems as a TEAM !
Congressman, what would "work" is government  working TOGETHER like you were intended - or have you forgotten HOW ? NO MORE QUICK FIXES !
You aren't working. Do your job. #ImpeachTrump #SaveACA
Stand up support our President Trump
Nope

The status quo of you kissing Sheldon Adelson's ass isn't working either.  Bye, bye, bye. #NVfirst
#hellerout2018
#hellerout2018
This bill is going down because it's bad for us. You have shown yourself to be a quisling. You're going down, too.
If the bill requires all of @ussenate & @USHouseofReps & supporting staff to go on that healthcare insurance yes; otherwise No!
.@SenDeanHeller a $2 billion hit to Nevada's budget is NOT the kind of flexibility we need.  #ProtectOurCare
While it simultaneously takes $$$ out of middle class pockets in the form of premium increases instead? #FAIL #NVSen #RobbingPetertoPayPaul
stop #lying to the #American people. You're #stealing #healthcare for #Wynn #Adelson #bribes. You represent us. Do your job!
I would like to see what the CBO report finds. The AMA, AARP, AHIP, and many other relevant groups oppose your bill. Makes you wonder.
When did your brain stop functioning? your Lies will put you back filling teeth and putting on caps. YOU"RE FIRED!! pack your bags!!
Lies!
Is this the price you pay for not being primaries by 45?
You stunned fool!
No! You could be signing my husband's death certificate! Please, we're begging you!!
If you stand with Trump on healthcare then you will be out of a job. Everyone knows you are a fraud now and took s bride. U sold out!!
Were you finally bought off?
u act like the little girl that u r .
We have seen u talk how bad these bills r and yet u vote yes.Time to go. Instead of being ur own man
U have to go.U r not representing the people of Nevada. U r losing support like a leaking ship.
No true
You could not have fucked this up any worse if you tried.
I don't trust any of you to do the right thing this week. You will throw money at the wall and see if it sticks in order to pass this pos
Hahahahahaha! That's a lie, and pretty soon you won't be working.
Well, well, well..look who just showed us that he's ready to leave DC. Do you talk to your mother and children with that lying mouth?
No.
I am surprised by you willingness to commit political suicide by allowing your name on a piece of legislature that is destined to fail.
Who in Nevada supports this latest version of Trumpcare?
No, it will kill Nevadans and cause people to go bankrupt. If you support this bill, you will be out. No hope of re-election.
I just don’t believe you now or ever
@SenDeanHeller that's the mistake we've been waiting for. Thanks for making it easy. @GOP  @NVGOP will not be be able to help you
#DumpDean

Nevada Senator Dean Heller's actions on health care are a perfect microcosm of why people hate politics 
You are hurting NV 
Seriously?  Stop lying.  @GovSandoval even called you out on this.  PAC money is more important to you than Nevadans.
so, I'm supposed to believe that the CBO has been paid off by the evil Obamacare squad?
Why vote on something with no CBO score? Medical experts and health insurance agencies are against it...that means there's something wrong
And takes insurance from millions. Hikes up rates for pre existing conditions & penalizes states that used expansions. Fix Obama care!!!!
I looked through replies, didn't see one comment in your defense. What's that tell you @SenDeanHeller. Bye Felicia.
We will not suffer because you sold your soul. We stand with @GovSandoval, not you.
I think you're a sellout to Nevada, you should be ashamed. And I'll work to get you voted out. Shouldn't be difficult.
You don't even know what your bill will do to Nevada citizens. Bad call on this one Senator Heller. We are paying attention.
Perhaps you should listen to your constituents like @lpackard ...while you are STILL a Senator...both you and lil don are #Toast 
NV down $640M is NOT flexibility, would devastate #medicaid, the backbone of healthcare for ALL kids. Is that your legacy? #KeepKidsCovered

No it doesn’t - if it was so good your buddy McConnell wouldn’t have to try to bribe Murkowski and Collins
I seriously would like to have you and Masto do a debate for Nevadans.
Can't believe you would put your name on #GrahamCassidy are you running for reelection or setting up for a chushy Wynn/Adelson job in 2018?
You've changed my mind today you are important to Nevada's future. You have my VOTE again.
Sell out liar..stop the lying 2018
400 million Koch pledges seems about right for millions of human lives..Parasite
NO it doesn't!
It gives Republicans flexibility for massive tax cuts.
No it doesn't & you know it. You were right to oppose the repeal - this is wrong. No Graham-Cassidy!
This is a bad bill!! You know it is, but you have a compulsion to make Trump happy. Will you be on this bills healthcare? I bet not!
You, sir, are completely wrong. We care for patients with heart disease clearly in your target to hurt. ACA IS WORKING LEAVE IT ALONE!
Enjoy your current job but keep your resume near by, because I can't believe you are voting for something that will destroy healthcare.
For whom exactly??? Certainly not the elderly, handicapped or poor.
Be honest with urself u know this leaves to much up to state budget. Look at Clark County school 60 mill, budget short. Sick would die
No it doesn't and I promise you if you vote for it. We will make sure you lose your job.
This this this
A good time to reevaluate what you're doing in Congress is maybe when people are being dragged out of wheelchairs over your bill idk.
Shame on you. Republicans have done everything possible to ruin #ACA. So it's not the status quo that's the problem.
Liar
So what's this then Dean, please enlighten us Nevadans with your vast knowledge of you knowing better than us???
Do you even listen to your constituents??
It's like talking to a wall. A wall that lies.
So how will you be employed in 2018
Dean you are an embarrassment
You Sir should be ashamed of yourself. Here's an idea, how about working with the Democrats to fix the issues with the ACA.
Bad bill.  Like all the rest bad for the poor, old and sick
It's a terrible bill and when it leaves my son in Vegas without health insurance, you will lose his vote along with many others like him.
It does not. Americans need affordable health care for all. This doesn't do that. Take a seat. Take several seats. Perhaps take a knee, too.
You are the status quo that isn't working. 2018 can't come soon enough
You are a shame for all Nevadans and Americans Senator Heller
It's not working because the GOP is constantly going against it. All you're working for is taking health care from millions of people.
Leaves millions uninsured. Status quo much better. Support and improve ACA.
So, IOW, Bill Cassidy lied to you and you believed him? That's your story & you're sticking to it? B/c this bill provides LESS funding.
To be fair, the funding Heller is probably talking abt is for him, not Nevada...
Completely.
No it doesn’t! It is outrageous that you back and came up with this crazy bill. This goes beyond party lines!
You should resign, supporting a bill that would devastate the healthcare system.  All to be a good boy for trump. Time to vote you out.
By taking it away from people in other states.Allows states to decide who gets healthcare and what it is for. No guarantees for pre-existing
Looks like they don’t need your no vote now. But, you are going to need the People of Nevada’s votes soon. We don’t forget.
Sure at the expense of up to 30,000,000 USA citizens! Problem is the 200 to 400% of profits by Insurance and Drug companies! Listen to gov.
You know you are wrong. Listen to AMA, Academy of Pediatrics, nurses, doctors, insurers, patient advocates. The list goes on. STOP LYING.
this is not the solution for the country and certainly not for Nevada
Only because the Koch brothers bribed you is why you really support this; admit it !
You are immune to the tragedy of your vote, since your privilege provides robust lifelong healthcare!
And has the option not to cover those with pre-existing conditions and that's not an option. Time to stand aside Dean.
Then why doesn't our Republican Governor support it????
Opposed 2 #GrahamCassidy:

@AmerMedicalAssn 
@ANANursingWorld 
@AmerAcadPeds 
@ahahospitals 
@AARP 
@LungAssociation 
@American_Heart

ME
Worst bill yet. No flexibility, reduced funding. @GovSandoval said it best. He has nothing to gain/lose by lying.
Your kidding, right? Have you rewound your answering machine lately? Have you listened to your constituency? Fix ACA; add public option.
You had 7 years to come up with a fix of ACA. This is not a fix. Try again in January. You know what to do. Do it.
nope, it is the bill that will seal your downfall. No courage, just self-interest.
Also, notice the disparity between the (lack of) likes & the # of replies you received. Please remember, YOU work for US, your constituents.
You successfully made it sound like a nightmare, good job.
Nope, it doesn't. And luckily, our governor knows this.
Check with our @GovSandoval because you acting like a Washington DC elitist
Oh for God's sake give it up, man. Pack your papers and give it up.

Sell out!  how much money do you take from pharma and insurance companies?
You can kiss your position good-bye.  You don't care about Nevada families, just your party and repealing ACA at all costs. People will die.
Do not get rid of t, you should try improving it NOT just for Trumps son in law,
 You know the one that owns a healthcare insurance company
If #Obamacare isn't working, then please explain why you voted against #FullRepeal.
Get on board with Paul Ryan
I have a bunch of moving boxes. Would you like me to save them for you?
#notgoingtomissyou

Guess who will not get my vote. Will go to door to make others do the same. Shame on you.
No it does not, When you start with a lie and end with a lie. YOUR out.
Even if I have to run against you.
Sorry to see you sold out @SenDeanHeller. So Sad.
YOU CAN'T GUARANTEE THAT CAN U!  SO YOU'LL BE BRANDED AS THE ONE WHO HELPED G-C DEATH PANEL HC PASSED.  U'LL BE BRANDED THE W/DEATH PANEL
It's a train wreck, please do your job appropriately and stop trying to jam these fake bills down our throats without proper order
