Praying for DACA! They advocate to pray for one group of people while activity trying to kick another group out of the country!Heartbreaking
Tax cuts for the rich, that's all it is. Quit playing games and call it what it is!
If we paid w tax dollars social security why is it taxed again when we receive?? Why are wages taxed higher than capital gains??
Whatever RINO Heller. Danny 2018
You do know that the economy is still on Obama's policies until October, right?
Please share research showing how lower taxes will increase jobs and not just line the pockets of the top 1%. Genuinely looking for the data
Liar, why should this work now, since it hasn't work in the past.   All you care about is giving tax breaks to the wealthy.  Shame on you!
POTUS's tax reform has already been proven that it doesn't work. Trickle down economics doesn't work. Regan proved it. RU really that stupid
That's a myth it means more money to the top #drankthekoolaid #think
Lying your ass off as usual. #TaxReform @POTUS style? BS! NO WALL!  No tax cuts for the rich. Fund Fema and STROP SCREWING US OVER! #ITMFA
Tax cuts to the wealthiest doesn't produce economic growth. Most consumption is from working people-their pocketbooks need a break.
What a bunch a bull.  Tax cuts for big businesses and the wealthy is more like it.  Let see the details first.
Heller pledges loyalty to bigoted policies and has zero integrity to stand up to trump. #shame #weak
I can't wait to never hear your name again.

There’s nothing new about the Trump/GOP “tax reform plan,” it’s the same effort to give tax breaks to the top 1% #NotOnePenny
Seriously!?! What's encouraging? He hasn't said what the plan is. Jump to conclusions much?#TaxReform
You just do whatever tRump tells you to do.
Nevadans say "To HELL with Heller"!!!
Have you been spending much time in NV?    The economy is doing well and there are more jobs that people to fill them.
Show the facts , cutting corporate taxes does not lead to jobs- higher CEO pay
You sure it doesn't mean, the rich get richer, & middle class & working poor pay more tax s than ever.  Until 45 shows his taxes, no reform
It never means higher wages! When market gets used to one rate that doesn't change. Taxes benefit owners only bottom line !
You mean what he reads from the Telepromter? I forget the Potus has a tough time forming sentences ....SAD
Perhaps a some of this 30 pieces of silver will trickle out of your bulging pockets and fall to those poor fools you left in the gutter :)
#DeanHellerIsTrumpShill Why do you hate us Dean?
Mr Heller cutting taxes on the Rich does not mean the rich will hire more people and raise wages. It's been done to America before.
Stand up Stand u with President Trump
I'm Not! Tax cuts 4 wealthy only helps wealthy, not majority! B familiar with past 30 years history. Represent us, that IS ur job, you know!
Encouraged by a sociopath & pathological liar? That's interesting.
No tax cuts for the wealthy. We aren't buying you or Trumps (actually Bannon's) tax "reform". It's called trickle down and it doesn't work!
Tax reform for who?
You weren't listening, there is no tax cuts
reform just tax cuts for the rich and for corp. We are listening and this won't fly.
NO WALL! TAKE THAT 1.6 BILLION DOLLAR DOWN PAYMENT & INSTEAD GIVE IT TO THE RECOVERY OF ALL THE PEOPLE, WHO'VE LOST EVERYTHING FROM HARVEY.
You're so full of it! If lower taxes really meant more jobs @ higher pay then tell me why all these CEO's make Billions every year!
This is wrong and dangerous. You are putting party above your state. We will remember.
Also, revenue neutral is bait and switch to fool the people. Reconciliation not way to go
Hypocrite. Your out!
"#TaxReform in NV = more flat-wage jobs & higher CEO wages.
That's why I’m discouraged by @POTUS comments today"
Fixed it for you.
That's nonsense. These tax cut proposals only help the wealthy.
Ahh, we get to the real reason you've stood behind our egregious @POTUS... corporate lobbyists
#voteoutheller !!! 15 months to go Heller - then you get back to work in Private sector and quit ruining stuff
Of course its for the wealthy, who else pays the corruption money for your campaigns?Now Axe healthcare for people like entrepreneurs next..
Well see in a year or 2, how bad  trump  and you repubs screw things up. My guess is you won't be around....you've proven yourself dean
Everything good happening right now was under the Obama's administration, Dow Jones went from 900 to 1900. saved auto industry, health care
Guess who wasn't encouraged by #45 today? YOUR CONSTITUENTS
What a loser you are,@SenDeanHeller. Afraid trump will start a Twitter war with you. Afraid to stand up to bigotry and hatred. Shame on you
#TaxReform in NV = tax cuts for ur donors & companies, while middle class suffers & deficit . Did u see what happened in KS? Stop lying.
Healthy people help economy. We need Healthcare
YOU and @MarkAmodeiNV2 don't represent Nevadans. SHAME! You represent only millionaires and liars. History has its eyes on you!
Nobody wants tax cuts for the wealthy but people who are wealthy tax reform is a stupid idea from a moron of a president
In case you haven't noticed not one positive response to your tweet @SenDeanHeller if you roll with DT you will be fired in 18
Historically this never works, why us it going to work now? In the past this has meant more debt even recession. #POTUS is Wrong
That stupid you dont fix the economy by giving billionaires tax cuts
If Adelson & Wynn wanted to hire more and pay more, they already can. They don't need tax cuts b/c trickle down doesn't work.
REALLY?! That crap is what you think is best for NV? #NOMOREHELLER
The little Jr jester speaks!  Donald,  I would prefer the right pinky in my puppet ass!  It encourages him!  Ha Ha HA ha...ha, ha, ha, ha!HA
Give it up, Dean.  This tax reform crap proposed by republicans benefit the top 1%.  You are not working in the best interests of Nevada.
Entirely thanks to President Barack Obama, not the pitiful-bully dt
Do you think @POTUS is "presidential? Do you denounce his race-bating? tax reform, really, inc taxes on less than 250k to lower above 250k?
how do U feel about @realDonaldTrump's ppl contacting the #Kremlin for business/$$. $$ he could have developed in US but instead in Russia?
also, you thank @POTUS. Why is he giving a damn speech while ppl are dying in their cars? Do you think this is leadership? if yes, u must go
trickledown has been an abject failure. plz, DETAIL, how u think it works. The old there is more $$ 2 hire is false business can pocket $$
My family will never support you.
Why do you tweet nonsense just stay in DC and hide
Ball licker
Why not cut taxes on the people who will spend the money?
Wealthy people also spend money. Stop the hate on successful Americans 
Make yourself useful:  Determine if there are donation trucks leaving No. NV for Texas & post details.
Heller, you've proven yourself a duplicitous Trump enabler/apologist - and if I were in your shoes, I'd be preparing for a career change.
History proves that when corporations get tax cuts, working people don't benefit, as the $$$ goes directly into the pockets of CEOs & execs.
Billionaires do not need a tax break those that live paycheck to paycheck do. Wake up!!!!!!!!!!!
Are you a millionaire? Why would you support a TRUMPTAX plan based on helping wealthiest????
We need to lower taxes across the board. It's the right thing to do.
Paying off Adelson and Wynn?

You suffer from delusional thoughts and wantingly lie to all of your constituents. Only the middle class and poor remain victims of the rich
Trump is devoid of any leadership skills, knowledge of the rule of law, and is #notmypresident nor will he ever be. Twit-in-Chief. #noin2018
You would be
More jobs? Why that will be just in time for when you're looking for work next year! Just don't expect to make more than $15/hr. Ever.
You're a sad man. You let @realdonaldtrump bully you and then roll over. Sad.
Hopefully he has very little time left. He is a cowardly LIAR #heller
You are such h a flip -flop . Go Tark !!!! Or anybody else 

Dr. Carson was correct. He left off #FAIRtax #taxreform as solution. #MTFA 
@realDonaldTrump 
@mike_pence 
…
SO YOU ARE THAT DUMB TOO?!
You obviously don't do a history check on how past cuts to the rich affected the rest of the country. Stop selling us tax cuts to the rich.
The looting of America's wealth by financial elites continues.
80%illegals have been stopped,why a wall? If corps have record profits,why do they need a tax cut? why r u encouraged @realDonaldTrump?
why do you say higher wages because corps get tax break. It won't go to workers but shareholders, stop the lie
how bout healthcare costs? The healthcare you voted to take away from the people in NV. Encouraged about that?
More lip service, more blah blah blah! But you want to roll with Trump. Cool. Stay with him maybe he can hire you after we fire you 2018!!
Well look at you trying to save your benefactors Steve and Sheldon a buck.
Democrats and establishments won't adore his plan no matter how excellent it is
You tell 'em Beth!


GROW A BACKBONE! doesnt Trump need a tax plan b4 he goes stomping for tax cuts?
No, you're just spineless and kissing his ass because you're afraid of your job. Are you even a man?
#vague
When Top 4% have more $, they don't directly invest in the economy.  When the rest have more $, they spend it materially to boost economy.
Just saying "tax reform" doesn't mean jack. "Tax reform" could also = shitty econ, fewer jobs.
Back that statement with a plan, then we'll
be happy to listen and see if it is good. Until then, drop the childish rhetoric over something that is unknown.
Trickle down economics has been a PROVEN FAILURE.  Lower rates for bottom 96%.  Raise for Top 4%.  Cut Business taxes for expansion only.
you should be disappointed at the fact that our POTUS is more focused on reelection 2020 than the suffering of people in Houston.
There is no policy!  No details!  Nothing but hype--how you get stronger economy, jobs and wages from that is puzzling. #Nevada wants better
Nothing he said that will result from decreased corporate taxes will happen, NOTHING....other than them paying less in taxes. #
Why do you guys love high taxes and less freedom? It's despicable. Shows your true colors
ok you could rai the wage, about the corpse that donT pa??? they can rai wage with lower exc pa & CEO pa al so???
D vomit will nob repatriot there money & well take a look at the OP??? wow???
The tax reforms the repubs have made in the past resulted in stagnat wages and all the income growth going to the top 1%. You're lying to us
