probably as much as Nevada residents and voters look forward to a LIVE town hall in Reno, Carson, Elko, Vegas....
Meet us face to face in town hall. Quit hiding from us. You have to answer for your actions. Even wrong you would gain more respect in prsn
Push to subpoena Donald trumps taxes. Vital to understanding connections with Russia or proving there aren't any.
Don't look too far ahead.  You'll be gone in 2018.
Coward
RECALL RECALL RECALL HE REFUSES TO FACE US HE REFUSES TO LISTEN TO US HE IS NOT UPHOLDING HIS CONSTITUTIONAL OBLIGATION TO US. RECALL
.@SenDeanHeller Hey Dean how come we never find out about these until after they happen? And why not have a real town hall in person?
I have a "town hall meeting" every day when I call my mom and ask how her day was.  I guess that's the definition now?  #BeatDean2018
these are not real town halls.  These are by invitation only.  You know it. We know it.
Did you tell them what you're doing with the #money you got after #selling the #internet #rights of the #people of @washoecounty ? #crook
I wish I had been  invited as a new constituent. Teletown hall not working 4 all of NV
telephone call ? Mfcka go there, these are the people that put you in the position you are and now you don't have time for.
your willful disregard of the people's demands for a public town hall in Clark County reveals your cowardice.  #HellerNo2018
- #NODEANIN2018
Looks like Dina Titus is going to run for SENATE! I'm excited.
$79,000 for selling out your constituents internet privacy? We will remember at the ballot box.
.@SenDeanHeller Was in it and gave up when it became obvious that your were working from scripts. Telephone town hall = fake town hall.
I listened once. He had his kid call in.
Chicken! Selling us out on DeVos, Privacy, and EPA. Save Planned Parenthood at least.
Did you explain why you sold our rights to internet privacy? What is your defense?
Perhaps a town hall over the Easter break is in order. Also, need your internet history since you were so eager 2 sell mine.
Face us in person u coward. U WORK FOR US NOT THE RUSSIAN TRAITORS
IN PERSON. IN CLARK COUNTY 
Another telephone town hall? Are you going to hide for your entire term? The voters of Nevada are going to remember your cowardice. Face us!
Dude, we want a town hall, remember NV turned Blue in the last election.  Vote him Out!
.@SenDeanHeller sold our privacy from underneath us for $80k. Not voting for you again. Goodbye in 2018
protect PP women's health depends on this!
#hidingheller
Sir, how will you vote on Gorsuch?  We need to filibuster his nomination. Pls talk to Al Franken. His perspective is ours. THANK you.
When will you have a live townhall in Clark County? Will you plz oppose Gorsuch confirmation?
Very disappointed with your vote today. You went against your constituents stand.
No to Gorsuch!
Cowardly little boy, won't face his constituents, reads from a script, and brags #BlatantDisregardforthePeople
Come see us in person. The invitation doesn't get extended to all your constiuents. #NV
EPA, Betsy DeVos, and the selling of Internet. 3 more reasons to vote you out of office.
it would be great if you did an in-person town hall too!
vote no on Judge Gorsuch. You won't because he represents the interests of big business. Shame!
interesting all week pics of you meeting with actual people (you select), why couldn't your constituents get same option?
Hello? A town hall in Las Vegas please! Or are you scared?
Please consider the advantages of listening to and representing the interests of your constituents.
Was this announced in any way and where can we constituents view the topics discussed? Can I assume "no" & "u can't"?
Nervous about meeting your constituents face-to-face? Maybe if you served the voters you wouldn't have to feel that way.

You voted to allow companys with minimal internet security protections access and permission to sell our data? Shameful 
Really?!? Really!?! What about Clark County, where the largest body of your constituents reside? #TownHallForSpringBreak
I have this strange feeling that $78,950 isn't going to help very much in your reelection. Your shitty billboards won't help
gosh, I wish I had that 78,9fiddy so I could pillage my constituents privacy.
you were elected to represent your constituents, and have failed to do so. It's been real.
You are still fearful of facing actual constituents because you vote strictly to support Trump not the people of NV!
Senator Heller, I've asked when these will be held with no response. You are NOT serving your constituents. Just bigly Sad.
.@SenDeanHeller  That you boast of this (or, rather, your social media staffer does) shows how completely tone deaf you are.  #resist
$79,000.  That's how much our family privacy is worth to you.  Pretty sure you'd of done it for less...actually positive.
how about an in person townhall? Stop hiding like a coward and face your constituents! #votehimout2018
how about putting on a Town Hall in Clark Co? A large # of constituents want to get answers about where you stand from you.
be brave... face the people.  Oh and Russia!
Don't be a scared Dean. Just go to Vegas and get it over with. They have a right to bitch and moan to their Senator.
Scroll down to Heller, Dean to see his price for selling out your internet privacy:
where is a transcript/recording of this call? When will I get my invite for #ClarkCounty?
#unpresidented 
#EnjoyYourLastTerm
I would like one too.
And I bet anyone who disagrees somehow gets disconnected. The population in clark county will take you down in 2018. #resist
Dont like it, but do agree. Las Vegas now controls NV.
you coward we want you in Las Vegas in person not these wussy little telephone calls you work for all your constituents
What it cost the comm. industry to pay @SenDeanHeller to sell your internet privacy 
MEMBER: Heller, Dean
PARTY: R
STATE: NV
TOTAL: $78,950
that's a nice chunk of change to sell OUR privacy.
do a real one or be out of a job
No on YOU come 2018.
real town hall now!
when do you  announce these "town halls"? I'm a constituent from Douglas County and would love to be part of the next one!
Me too, first I'm hearing about this.
weak
WOW EVEN A PHONE TOWN HALL IS BLOCKED WHAT ONLY DIE HARD SUPPORTERS GET A VOICE . WTF U WORK FOR ALL NEVADANS. 
.@SenDeanHeller Please vote "NO" on Neil Gorsuch.
ha
Really??? Because I'm in Washoe Co and have called your office every week wanting to speak to you and I wasn't informed...
#goodbyein2018dean
Invite only no doubt. Coward.
ETHICS INVESTIGATION ON NUNES PLEASE
wish we had a little advanced notice on these. I had a message on my phone when I got home
