Your point? @NRA members aren't to blame. Check stats. Responsible gun owners are the only reason you can rant w/out regard 4 consq. 
#1765
nonsence, everyone against sensible gun regulations gets to share in the blame.
Not opp to sensible regs, like we already have, but ppl/orgs who make no plans to stop shooters are irrspnsble. Laws don't stop criminals.
Laws make it harder for a lot of criminals and so can prevent a lot of shootings.
4) We're extremely individualistic society. A loss of common threads would destroy the US. It is currently on the brink. Ppl need protection
Wow, what a bunch of hogwash. In 4 tweets no less.
Hogwash... well, that settles it.
Trump is one sick individual!
It would’ve been much nicer to hear him talk about Puerto Rico like that
Your insincerity makes me sick to my stomach
Trump is trying to justify his extreme desire to start a nuclear war and will probably succeed in murdering millions.
His compassion for the police or real empathy for  the fallen? He is not capable of neither...

Are you on drugs? Compassion?
NO further restrictions on the 2nd Amendment will be tolerated, as your constituent I urge you to resist ALL proposed gun control bills!
It's clear to anyone with emotional intelligence that there is no compassion residing in that man.
You are both @SenDeanHeller & @POTUS sickening!
I stand with Rex!
Disappointed in you @SenDeanHeller.
this potus is a POS incapable of convincingly faking compassion even when given a script. Get ur lips off his anus.

How can you "feel" what is absent?

@SenDeanHeller you really are out of touch!!!
It's time for you to move it down the road, senator
tRump is a global embarrassment...
Are you serious?
Ugh I can’t wait to vote you out of office! #VegasStrong
He's not empathetic at all- photo op
You’re like his little lap dog now? Look forward to being united with others to help vote you out 2018 midterms.
Hey if this guy wants to show me his compassion, I think I'll pass. Thanks. I don't need to see that. U never know what's going 2 b revealed
Trump doesn't even know what compassion is much less be able to show it.
Show us on the doll where he touched you
@GOP @POTUS Dean, just stop! No one believes you’re sincere.
Would be a lot stronger if you actually supported gun-control measures
They all look like they enjoyed it. I think he did lift spirits
Hope you’re planning you post 2018 life.
Fake compassion.
Joke of the day?
How far up his orange behind are you, Heller?
Your complicity in the dismantling of our democracy is becoming so blatant--you think he'll protect you for kissing up--give it a few months
Was he throwing paper towels to the shooting victims?I'm not even amazed anymore at the way the right-wing defends the indefensible. #Cult45
Stay on the Trump train or be left behind
Why are you sucking up now? You know he's only playing to the ratings. His empathy is less than a flea's.
Wow, you are so neck deep in b.s!
You haters need to find God,
Nope.  Ban assault guns first.  He’s a selfish bastard.
GOP paid by @NRA
Sorry i don’t believe he is compassionate but I do think you sold out.  You hitched your wagon to the wrong star.
You are as big of a mean spirited liar as he it. You belong together.
POTUS compassion is for the rich and the white and anyone who can benefit his wallet #RefuseFascism
We know what else you did heller also how much money have you received from Russia all coming can't hide Gop they are all complicit.

Dean Heller is going to have to be surgically removed from Trump's ass.
Compassion? Is that what you call it? #toxicnarcissist
Are you serious???Whenever Trump READS A SPEECH he sounds so insincere...Never shows compassion...  Donald is a cold man...ITS REALLY SAD...
I'm a new arrival to NV. But, can't wait to vote against you.  Trump bought you fair and square. Quit using LV to gain favor with Nevadans.
More love , laws , truth and less Hollywood will help curve the violence.
You just might be the biggest ass kisser in the senate. @POTUS has nothing to offer you. He’s a lame duck awaiting indictment.
We all saw his compassion in PR when he laughed his way through San Juan and threw paper towels to the beleaguered citizens, yeah we all saw
Really? That picture is so...   your words are so...    I guess I have no words. I have no words.
Trump has proved repeatedly he is a narcissistic sociopath with compassion for no one but himself.
You better get on board with our President. I supported & voted for U for just that reason, to pull together; get  important things done!
Will the real Donald Trump please stand up? I hear about compassion and then he gives hateful speeches and tweets. Playing everyone?
You’re getting played. Stop with the a@# licking.
Everyone fawning over his fake compassion stokes his ego.  I need some Bounty to dry my tears.
Mr Heller Compassion would be seeing you working on funding CHIP. 9 million children are with out health care That is you comity go to work
Taking a guess here, probably helped there were a lot of white people in Las Vegas.
You're kidding.... right!???
Isn't he the same guy who threatened you ?  #sofake #drinkingthekoolaid

It’s time for legislation to ban large magazine clips. There’s no reason for a civilians to have these weapons. Strike while the iron is hot
Is the NRA paying ur travel?2nd amendment is NOT limitless-military assault rifles,  armor piercing bullets are designed for mass murders
Racist GOP: banning Muslims, banning transgender protections, and banning DREAMers! But Arpaio gets a pardon- Bedfellows!
I am saving this picture for future reference- so you can both go down together- BIGLY. #MoronInChief

How does the #GOPBudget balance?
1. Unnamed cuts
2. Gimmicks
3. Magical thinking…

Republicans need to stop misleading Americans and tell the truth: their tax plan will raise taxes on middle class families. #NotOnePenny 
They seemed so happy to see POTUS TRUMP & FLOTUS MELANIA thanks for the #MAGA
Neither one of you know what compassion is about.  Just another photo op
Haha hah haha, you're funny!
@realDonaldTrump is a #sociopath #socioPOTUS
 compassion & @POTUS doesn't belong in the same sentence.
You must thank the writer of the speech!


Actions speak louder than words. Time to ban “bump-stocks”.
His "compassion" is an act.  He is all about himself only.
Oh Please! Narcissist do not have Empathy!
If you dont have nothing good to say dont say. Negative  negative.  Move out of us. Or support yes your president
He has zero compassion, so I highly doubt anyone felt it! #fraudintheWH #corruptSF #worldwideembarrassment #NotFitForTheJob
Sure get machine guns into as many hands a possible, including mentally ill and tout visiting the victims of your insane policies.  Typical.
What the ppl of Las Vegas want to see from you Senator Heller is to grow a spine. Since he threatened to unseat you, is when ur spine left
compassion ? Are you nuts? You are not fit for office if you believe that
This picture is your opponents next campaign ad. You are a @POTUS #puppet The #voters of #Nevada will remember in November #LasVegas #Nv
Dean. Did you notice that the people receiving paper towels in PR were all freshly showered and clean?  Shame on PR governor for that show.
Feel his compassion? Is that what you kids are calling it now?
You're past votes against gun control helped this happen. The very LEAST you could do is ban bump stocks & other rapid fire devices.
Compassion is not throwing paper towels into a washed crowd
You sir are an unmitigated failure. Your willingness to continue to play paddy cake with the NRA after what happened means you have no soul.
Because throwing paper towels at people without power and medical aid is compassionate.
Did you make sure to incorporate the balls while providing your “services”?
Just sit back and relax as you destroy healthcare in America. Don't worry we will pay for your comfy accommodations and care Gag.
compassion is giving hugs, listening and not bragging about how compassionate you are

Phony compassion.
You might have caught a ride on the plane but, don’t try to ride others efforts to your own political gain...we see you@SenDeanHeller 

Gag

hahahahahahahahahaha
Get behind the tax cuts
Amen!!
You are a Rino, you do not want Trump to be successful. I will be helping your opponent in the next election
Compassion....LOL
Please. Trump hasn't got a compassionate bone in his body, or his family. His conscience is devoid of empathy #TrumpFailsLasVegas
Empty words and pockets full of NRA money we know you're all fascist racist liars #Resist
We're not stupid, @SenDeanHeller. Trump doesn't do compassion. And if you're shilling for him, I'm guessing you don't either.
And you, sir, are FOS! #ImpeachTrumpNow
@MattMackowiak Compassion? Trump wouldn't know compassion if it slugged him in the face.
Bla bla bla
You're both HYPOCRITES. https://twitter.com/ChetPowell/status/915744617940824064 …
Compassion????
Yeah... It would be comical if not for the 59 grieving families.
This is disgusting! GOP is shameful and corrupt. https://twitter.com/thomboyd/status/915777209008250880 … #ImpeachTrumpNow
And did you feel his compassion in PR when he acted like a lunetic? In Las Vegas he followed the script. And are you proud of his tweeting?
Nonsense most are sick from his horrible presence. When will the impeachment of the Russian elected @potus begin?
I am sorry that you have never felt real compassion because I can assure you @realDonaldTrump does not care about the victims.
Could someone please Photoshop in all the blood on their hands?
It's very important during these awful tragedies we take a little time each day to stand together to praise @realDonaldTrump. #HeilTrump
#TrumpIsAMoron
Thats because you now have your nose in his ass. Is it reelection time yet?
I nearly did a spit take when I read this. Compassion? From Trump?
“Compassion?” Shirley, you jest. Maybe paper towel throwing. Or maybe you, the whole GOP, don’t have a clue what compassion is, too. So sad.

This makes me throw up a little in my mouth....
THANK YOU, DEAN HELLER.
The power of maintaining your freedom from gun grabbing Dems and violent libs lock&load
Ha! "Compassion?" Funniest and most ridiculous thing I've read all day. Keep it up ass kisser.
Reading a script he showed compassion for Vegas.  Luckily you are not Puerto Rico because he didn't really care about them.
My god, did u see the PR visit? That is the real Trump. U don't deserve another term.
Man, your whole face is Brown!
We are far from united as a nation. You are really out of touch

Are you a federal worker seeing some batty stuff going on? We'd love to hear from you. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/federal-workers_us_59d53264e4b0380b6c99ea05?o8o …
Senator, when is it time to talk gun about violence? This veteran wants to know so I can be there. I have a few thing I'd like to discuss.


Except when you take healthcare from children and the elderly.
You did not "feel his compassion in person." Come on, man.
Enjoy it while you can; you will be out of office next year, Mr. Nevada Secretary of State. (You were NEVER my U.S. senator.) Good Luck!

If you felt "his compassion, you are as completely devoid of empathy as he is.
Heller...you hypocrite!  YOU sold out your voters in Nevada!  Compassion?  Comeon...not even you believe that lie!  
I have dried up dog shit in my back yard with more compassion than he has! Do you get moist sitting near him?
Good grief you are nauseating Heller.
Oh Lord @SenDeanHeller ,you are officially DJT's number 1 TOOL!!  Sad, I had hope for you!!
#resist
#deanofficiallysoldout
#noreelectionforu
You must be confused. Sociopaths are incapable of compassion.
Did he tell the victims of the shooting to "have a good time" like he has at every FEMA hurricane visit?
A TRUE LEADER OF WE THE PEOPLE
Liberals and demorats @SenSchumer. Read slowly and absorb
Trump & Kim Jong Un feeling each others 'compassion' in person!!
Did the NRA ever tweet about about condemning gun violence? No. So much compassion......
the man is completely devoid of compassion
Feel his compassion? Did he grab you by the pussy too?
How nice, Great photo op, you voted to keep ObamaScare while millions of us suffer. We won't forget...you're a Liar!

Dude it means nothing from him- he’s irrelevant and so are you if you support the clown
Are you united enough to try and stop mass murders from happening again. Or "It's not time to talk about this" rhetoric. I am so disgusted with the GOP and you.
Thank you for your recognition of President Trump.

