Absolutely bogus, is and always has been. dt executive order is very destructive. U need to protect Nevadans from him. @CHC_Nevada
said no one in the insurance field.
And destabilise the market, which you well know.
Capitalism and competition will drive down the cost - How are we going to stick it to the middle class taxpaying citizens now?
Stupid. It’s already allowed. Companies don’t find it profitable to do it. Get educated fir the love of God!!
You r dead wrong heller ! Gov Sandoval sd it's bad for NV! U r out of touch with reality! NV is ashamed of u! Transparency of yur $$$$ ???
No it won’t!
Explain this. Have heard this is not true
This is a lie.

If you want to increase the debt by 1.5 trillion, cut Medicare by 473 B and Medicaid by a trillion, you are gonna LOVE the Senate's bill.
Get real, you are showing your ignorance of a subject, nothing will make private Insurance lower their lust for profit
Why? How?

Out of state Insurance company “what’s your address.”
“Right by the coal plant.”
“Whoa, that’s $5,000 more.”

How’s that help?
Ha! You are such a damn liar.
No it won’t
No soup for you, two years
It's bad I won't got yes. Two days later and 7 mill in campaign funds oh it's not that bad
Hypocrite. Why didn't you push for legislation. How about Tort reform?  You are done
Oh you mean, what Obama wanted to do, but was stopped??? But now its fantastic????? Too many lives and deaths on your & conscience SHAME.
That might be the case - where is the evidence - but allowing @realDonaldTrump to destroy #ACA is sinful -- and you empower him do it!
Sycophant
You will pay for this betrayal.
No it won't. It will drive costs up because people will take the risk to buy junk insurance.
Your delusional, cutting the payments it going to hurt the low income people, stand up for low income Nevadans
Good start Senator. Getting rid of networks so patients could go to any provider  without co-insurances and deductibles changing helps too !
Simple mind experiment: Ins CO from Florida sells HC policy in NV. Not a single NV Dr on plan. Pt goes to NV DR has to pay cash. Worthless!
Maybe, but what about the rest of the ex order?  Negatives are more important than positives in regards to Healthcare... Did you read it?
We shall see ! Doubt it!
Bull!
You’re still here ?
lier it will drive costs up for the sick and disabled and elderly.
A "cheap" insurance policy is an insufficient policy. More must be done to fix ACA - purposefully dismantling it is a very hurtful decision.
Um, they can already do that.  What in lords name are you babbling about?
An answer for your tweet from your dumb prez
Of course, none of this is true, insurance can already be sold across state lines. Another con on the public
YOU KNOW THIS IS NOT TRUE! "Pure Party Line," TOTAL BS
Nope. No it won't. How about bye bye Dean in '18?
Sick ppl are doomed. FUND CHIP NOW.  YOU'RE A FRAUD AND TRAITOR. NV VOTED AGAINST TRUMP DO UR JOB. REPRESENT OUR INTERESTS
1/2. The only way premiums will fall significantly is to strip out coverages.
Stand up support our President Trump
You are either delusional or a liar.
You are such a disappointment.
Enjoy your last days as senator.coward.
But those with pre-existing illness will lose insurance or see there rates skyrocket and the list of pre-existing covers just about anything
On what planet are you living, the doctors have to agree across state lines
LIAR. It means bare bones plans are back and premiums go up for older sick people. Shame on you & Reps for hurting your constituents
Insurance companies are like bankers, that is, worthless parasites. Both should be nationalized.
Senator, you no longer have any credibility.  Please quit.

Trumpcare is going to b inferior to ACA insurance. It may be cheaper but wont have the coverage. Self employed Nevadans r getting screwed!
You are one of the worst Senators ever. You truly don't care about anything but kissing the ass of your party. Shameful.
Omg. I can't believe how clueless you are about insurance in general. Every insurance agent in the USA will say this is better.
But you need to repeal. Stop messing around before Obama care crumbles. Save America and Nevada.
Just like more guns make guns safer... You are either dumb or evil or both. Unfit for the Senate for sure. #hellno #heller
when are you going to get a backbone and stand up for Americans.  The poor and sick will be hurt by this.  YOU  KNOW IT
Mr Heller Insurance Company can all ready sell across State lines. I thought you hated Presidents running the country with Exutive Orders
BULLSHIT, YOU LIE
Keep telling yourself that.
Why don't you read the response from your constitutes and take your nose out of Trumps ass and stop lying for your party
You make me sick. You do not have the best interests of Nevadans in mind. Who’s pocket are you in? Not the people of NV. #noheller2018
Thats not true and you know it
this is not health care, dirty Dean.
Do you do ANYTHING for your constituents?
Why would more competition and choices not be a good thing? Laser eye surgery was $3,500 now $500 and better results because of competition
You don’t know that for sure. You hope it will help drive down costs.
Otherwise known as a "Race to the Bottom" of dog shit insurance. Bet it won't cover cosmetic surgery and Botox....Dean...you vain phony.
You've clearly picked Trump's side to try and outdo Danny.  Go for it. @RepJackyRosen will be our next senator.
How? Can you explain?
Oh yes, a health care servicer in a different state sounds like a great idea. They don't know my doctor's, hospitals, specialists. Such BS.
This is BS.  You are a liar.
Ins companies have said for yrs they won't do it,already can in sev states & chose not to. Too costly.
I guess you haven’t read it. You just need to go away. This is sabotage, that’s all he is doing. 2018 can’t get here soon enough.
It’s undermining the healthcare market which will lead to rising costs & return of junk policies & you are all complicit by supporting it.
Exempting some plans will harm people.
Liar or incompetent. Which is it?
Let's have a town hall so you can tell us WHY you lied & what you plan to do about our health insurance, the unraveling of @realDonaldTrump
Way to let your constituents know that they don't matter to you. All you care about is money, where is your compassion?
You are a liar @SenDeanHeller & clearly you're looking for some GOP $ for your re-election by applauding the biggest liar @realDonaldTrump!
It is already allowed. Ins doesnt want to do it. Putting sick in a hi risk, expensive pool is cruel.
Also, if you and your bff @realDonaldTrump would put yourselves and your families on these magic plans, I’d be more supportive. I’ll wait.
Get your post-Senate job ready. You and your R pals in the Senate are a pre-existing condition we need to cure.
That’s already a thing. You know, for us little people who don’t get to suckle at Uncle Sam’s teat.


Nevada: "Can you please get rid of this ridiculous person?" #repealandreplaceHeller Please!?!!
.@DeanHeller if I have cancer, no insurance company will compete for my business. They'll kick me to the curb, and you're proud to let them.
How? Are insurance companies clamoring to sell across state lines and deal with 50 different sets of rules and regulations? Will the lower priced plans be low because they don't cover anything, like in the good ol' days?
Shut up. You have made your feelings clear with your sell out.
This is a bad idea because it requires regulation at the federal level, where the voice of consumers is, at best, only indirectly heard.
The federal government has no business being in the insurance business! Regulate health care providers, not patients!
I won't rest till you are out of office! You are not for the people but for the party. Let the people drain the swamp! Not billionaires.
You were always able to buy across state lines. Trump's order will allow for sale of junk insurance.  Watch the movie"The Rainmaker".
The majority of the people in this country are actually smart enough to see through your pandering bullshit, which is why you are gone.
Not if companies can pick and choose.  You ok? Good sign here. Sick or under treatment? No, sorry.... reject
Fake insurance!
But only if local hospitals contract with them. Reno's right now only works with local doctors. A lot has to change
Well Senator, when it doesn’t cover anything real, will you cross lines to Arizona to attend my funeral? Console my children? Fam in LV?
The proof of the pudding is in the tasting. After your shenanigans, we'll see if I can even buy health insurance next year!
Think for yourself and do some research for your constituents instead of merely repeating the talking points you were told. Spineless & weak
For once I agree with Heller
Remove pre-existing condition protection, limits coverage available to women, raises prices for seniors and women
Bullshit artist
Stop lying; It want. 2018 can’t come fast enough.
Are you KIDDING ME! It will allow for junk insurance and raised rates for my family. You are a DISGRACE to Nevada.
SUPPORT PRESIDENT TRUMP!! GET TAX REFORM AND HEALTH CARE DONE IN 2017. THAT'S WHAT WE THE PEOPLE ARE PAYING YOU TO DO, VOTING FOR YOU TO DO!
Mr Heller. Noticed you were missing during negotiations. Get with it and go to work.
Cut rate plans. More people will be hurt than helped. Enjoy your remaining year in the Senate stooge.
No, it won't. Any health care analyst worth a scintilla will confirm: it won't.
But Trump's EO? THAT will dismantle pre-existing conds cover
No doctor visits in 5 years & make enough $ for food & rent, but too much for Medicaid. How about Nat'l Health like the civilized world?
When you wish upon a star, makes no difference who you are, anything your heart desires will come to you.
If you think it's so good why don't you put yourself and your family on it
And protect fewer people. Hurt healthy people who later develop a serious illness or are involved in an accident down the road..... 1
...But, what do you care?  Your gold-plated plan and care is paid by my tax dollars because you and your fellow Senators are SPECIAL....
And it will allow people to abuse the ACA.
So many lies. Americans are.smater than this
Total and complete nonsense! Insurance isn't any cheaper in Arizona or California than it is in Nevada. Show me proof. You are a liar!
I cannot wait until you are voted out.
It's not as tho each state has the RIGHT to set it's own rules about what insurance can)cannot be offered! Good god, educate yourself
ins co's already can do this. they don't because it's not profitable or tenable. state regulations, network providers are an issue too.
Dangerous oropsal
‘Buying across state lines’ GET A NEW LINE! That’s bs you always could.... talking sm biz? Please they’re better off in the exchange #sad
Stop trying to sell us out!  We trusted you
You support guns but not healthcare for the results of the gun shots!
Just go away, please.
The man who's ass you are kissing in an attempt to save your seat is unhinged, unfocused, unstable and unraveling. Sources are OUTING him!
Do they send all you guys a list of stupid talking points everyone will say constantly?
Isn't what the Trump wants to do illegal?  Just saying Senator.
Is there a hint of capitalism in your voice?
Insurance companies are not even interested in selling across state lines! They have said so time & again. #TrumpJunkPlan
WRONG and you know it.  But no worry - you can buy across state lines when you are no longer Senator.  Your suck up behavior is gross.

So if states regulate ins w/closed borders, who regulates w/ open ones? Interstate commerce? --> regulated by Fed? #badidea #govtoverreach
Bullshit
Can you stop the bull. Going to bring down whole Health Care system. Going to hurt so many who get sick & find they are not covered.
It will not ! It will increase the costs of healthcare#Obamacare
Will it make your lord and savior Sheldon Adelson the mammoth obese sloth happy? Or Steve Wynn, the blind botched plastic surgeried joke richer? Vote @DeanHeller out! Remember #deVos and thousand other stupid shit.
Enjoy the rest of your final term. #TheResistance
LIAR Junk insurance that won't cover anything & good luck to the people if they get sick-some will die-you betray your oath Shame of you
That’s not at all how that works, #DirtyDeanHeller
It's going to be a disaster. And the Republicans will own it.
tell the people how it WILL make covering pre-existing conditions too expensive!
Keep telling yourself that...if my Mom or anyone else on Medicare and Medicaid are harmed by this, I hope you can all sleep at night!
YOU LIE!
Only healthy young people will do this and then those who are chronically ill will have ZERO coverage.  Are you an idiot too?
ACA already allows insurance to be sold across state lines. 

Trump's EO you're touting will do the exact opposite of what you claim.
Junk healthcare that drives up costs for people with pre-x conditions. You, sir, are a liar & a fraud. May God have No mercy on ur soul.
This is incompetent policy from an unfit , and you know it Senator. #ACAsabotage
You and the rest of your Republican buddies are flat out liars and traitors.
Just digging that hole deeper and deeper... we want you out of office.  Can't wait for elections
Wrong. Race to the bottom. Less benefits and sicker pools.
No! We need universal healthcare for all Americans.
Mr Sell Out you will look back on this after Trump is gone and think why did I kiss his ugly ass so much?
It’s already available Dean.  Wake up
Really?  But only if you’re one of those corporations masquerading as people, right?
Isn't Cigna nationwide anyway??
Oh, blessed are the insurance company donors who with Heller's help are f%*king the American people in the ass.#MedicareForAll
If this process so great, why were you trying to kick 20 million people off Health Insurance???
Then why haven't you & GOP majority in Congress done it before now? Why did you force @POTUS to do it by executive order? #johnnycomelately
BECAUSE DEAN HELLER IS A CHUMP.  HE'S MR GO ALONG TO GET ALONG
#DirtyDeanHeller enjoy your retirement
Not necessarily.  That will make things more complicated. You are abandoning your date in hopes of being senator again. Shame on you.
You continue to work on behalf of the GOP agenda rather than do what is right for your constituents.  Shame on you. You need to go
This is like ur continued trickle down policy. It will not work u know it won't work.but u keep shoveling the same crap
Finally!  Thank you @SenDeanHeller and @realDonaldTrump for doing what a few R Senators didn't have the courage to do--taking the 1st step!
You just screwed over a large number of Nevadans. You should fix the ACA. Instead, you bow down to Trump & his legion of white supremacists.
It already can be, if the insurance company gets livensed in the state they want to sell in. What laws apply to cross-state insurance sales?

Then why did you vote for #grahamcassidybill which was all about state's rights? Do you understand the difference?
Oh what a bunch of horseshit. Republicans hate sick people and  would prefer that they die, for it would help to pay for tax cuts for the rich.  The GOP is plain old insane.
Bad Idea.  Will limit state protections for our constituents
Lies! Lies! Lies!
Time to burn the corrupt Republican Party down!
Hahahaha hahahahahaha nothing you say on healthcare is credible hahahahahahahahaha you suck at this hahahah
And the earth is flat, Senator.
How much did they pay you? How much does it cost to sell your soul? My prayer is that your corruption haunts you the rest of your days.
This is bullshit. Selling junk health insurance contributed 2 the need 4 the creation of ACA.

You are a @GOP puppet.

Heller out in 2018!
Total nonsense bro
It’s already legal to sell across state lines!! This just takes away protections and drives UP costs!!!
Shut up Dean lol
CHAOS.
Even Trump admits that it will increase premiums and taxpayer expenditures. Please don't lie.
Way to lose some more votes Heller
There is nothing prohibiting these sales right now.  This EO will further weaken the existing ACA and cost people more in the long run.
As always...be quiet...this is way above your head...
I’m willing to bet you don’t have a single mirror at your residence.  If I lied that much, I wouldn’t either
Are you kidding, he just took an axe to ACA.
For piss poor coverage, maybe.
No it will drive prices up in the way it is presented in the executive order. Wake up. What will you do when you don’t have this gig?
By continuing to support a madman you will lose your seat in 2018.
I'll just leave this right here.
STOP THE LIES First-It's NEVER been illegal & always could have been done. Second, Insurance companies don't because of the cost. #RESIGN!
