I did read the bill., and I cried...I know this bill would inflict not only harm to my diabetic husband but to millions of others..Vote NO.
Thank you, hugs back...((( )))
Love you you.  I'm a 2x Ovarian cancer survivor.  I have MS.  I have had 6 back surgeries.  That's the tip of my issues.
love ya' back...<3
The #HealthcareBill raises deductibles, cuts coverage, and slashes Medicaid. I'm a NV Republican and I ask you to please vote NO. Thank you!
Come home, @SenDeanHeller; come home and have a town hall. Come home and tell us why you're voting for this. Come hear us.
Dean you just can't vote for this! I am already so emotionally distraught over the possibility !! Listen to your people
. Why are you distraught over this? I ask that respectfully
It has been over 30 days since you last tweeted about healthcare. Be a patriot tomorrow, don't be bullied by trump, Americans aren't bullied
Yeah, check out page 41, which takes away these essential health benefits!
The ehbs from OCare oare minimum coverage for all, whether you want to pay for them or not. That's  the problem. You don't get to choose.
Yet why isn't EMTALA repealed? Hospital ER's forced to accept all patients. Insured people pay for uninsured bc of Reagan's law. #MAGA
I don't get to choose not to pay EMTALA costs. Law forces ER to accept uninsured, hospital passes cost to insurance, insurance passes to me.
But insurance companies are out of the chain and their fees, profits included, are not passed to the other insured. Probono tax rebates
Uninsured rack up ER costs.
Hospitals raise *all* rates to cover losses.
Insurance covers increased rates.
Insured pay more for insurance.
btw, fully acknowledge Fed provides assistance to hospitals to help cover costs, but that's coming from taxes. I still pay.
But Fed assistance doesn't match need; hospitals absorb a lot of costs.
Re: profits, ER is small % of overall healthcare/insurance industry.
according to this my mental health visits will not be covered, nor will my yearly preventative exams. the ONLY 2 things i need insurance for
Stand strong!  Continue to fight this heartless bill.  Putting country before party is a courageous act for a republican. Thank you!
This thread is hilarious. No one understands what they're reading. Everything is out of context and being applied incorrectly. SMH. Drama!
Please vote "NO". I had open heart bypass surgery last Oct. to all 6 arteries, lifelong asthma & diabetes so I depend on Medicaid expansion.
Senator Mitch McConnell had polio as a child. The government paid  for ALL his care & rehab yet he wants to take government paid care away.

https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/877692469378416641 … 
Poor means anyone that is not a multi-millionaire. This bill would hurt more than 95% of the population. You cannot support this cruel bill.
. THIS PERSON IS PART OF THE RESISTANCE Stop causing problems by lying to ppl! OBAMA did enough lying to Aner ppl for all of you!

My brother didn't fight and die so that America could become a socialistic country. Get the government all the way out of our healthcare. 
I demand fair and equal healthcare for all our citizens not the wealthcare of the AHCA or BCRA. (3)
Thank you @SenDeanHeller for your careful review of this bill. Please stand strong for the people of NV and the US and vote no!
Thank you for your courageous opposition to the Senate bill. Please protect your constituents and all Americans by maintaining "No" vote.
Thank you sir for demanding better legislation for your constituents.  Big $ said "Jump" and you said, "Not so fast." #restoringmyfaithingop
You seem to care about people. Please stay strong and stay NO on the #healthcarebill no matter how much pressure is put on you.
NO trumpcare! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom!
. Thank you so much, Sir, for your courage and morality on this issue!! Stand strong-we will send donations re reelection!!
I'm not on Medicaid but my Mom was Stroke 3yrs shy of 65. Mcaid helped her which kept my fam of 4 frm being bankrupt during that stormy time
My dude, I called to ask you to vote against this terrible bill, got your famous "Mailbox full" msg

Why are you ghosting us?
See you at the polls, party boy Heller!
Senators who voted for the tax bill running for re-election in 2018:

Dean Heller (R-NV)
Ted Cruz (R-TX)…
No to repeal. No to Rrepeal and replace. Just fix ACA.
We must work toward a modern World single payer healthcare or Medicare for all. (4)
My taxes subsidize 70% of government employees', the Congressman's and his staff's, healthcare insurance. (2)
My tax dollars go for both the Senate and House in-house healthcare facilities. (1)
Doing a wrong thing is worse than doing nothing... #FreeEnterprise #Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
We want #FullRepeal and most certainly #NoNewEntitlements
No person has a right to determine standard of life for another
#UnitedForFreedom
Please stand strong and #KeepThePromise for #FullRepeal!  We want a #FreeMarket system,  my choice!!  #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom Thank you!
Thank you for your stand.
Stay out of our lives our healthcare and our business! You work for us!  NO REPLACEMENT!
Reading it: GOODBYE Essential Health Benefits: hospitalization / maternity care / mental health substance abuse / prescription drugs…
rehab svcs +devices / labs /preventive care / pediatric svcs. I'm reading the bill, other than tax cuts for 1% nothing positive here for you
Hey mark, do they list what this bill considers "essential benefits"? If so what page? Doing some research. Thanks.
Page 41
Yeah I see the part he highlighted. Just curious if anywhere in the bill lists what it considers "essential" or if it aligns with ACA.
It says sunsetting of EHB assume its all 10 from ACA
Thanks mark
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
Thx for voting your conscience on health! Mr. Wynn & Mr. Adelson do NOT rep the Amer. / Nevada people, Sen. Heller you do! #wewanthealthcare
I'm not a Nevadan, but I applaud u for standing ur ground against this bill as it is not designed to help Americans stay healthy. Thank you!
Thank you for standing up against this bill. Not good for Nevada or the country.
I applaud you for standing up for your constituents! No matter what happens you did a good thing !
Please maintain your NAY stance on Trumpcare. Tweaking still makes it fundamentally bad law. Bipartisan solution w be uplifting
Glad you took the time to read it. I did. It's a disaster. Don't break. Don't vote for this sham of a bill
Link does not work
Im in yr district.  I read this stinking bill.  Don't let them bully or bribe you into voting yes.  Our lives depend on a NO!
Please, please protect ALL Americans from the disaster that is Trumpcare
Don't complain US not giving more $ to NV for Med-expansion for low income hotel workers. Require gaming licensees to provide Heath ins.
I am not in your state nor am I a Republican. I applaud your bravery in standing up to bullies.  #HellerVoteNo #MorningJoe #Trumpcare
No repeal and replace, no reelection    Get used to reading & hearing such words Start over & include childcare & pre-existing conditions
You must reject any bill that makes deep cuts to health/well-being of elderly & children of America in the name of more money for the rich.
Its not good
Vote no on that bill it will destroy peoples lives and people wiil die. Tell @SenateMajLdr to negotiate the bill in public. Secret bills BAD
I'm sorry Trumps super pac is bullying you, we are watching and we will remember your character. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you.
When Trump sends his radidical cultist PAC  after Senator Heller, then Senator Heller is doing the right thing by standing up to a bully.
Stay strong in resisting this disaster of a bill.
Stay strong and know that voting No is the right thing. Whether the vote is tomorrow or next month, #HellerVoteNo
My HC costs have gone up 300% since Obamacare. NOW I can't even afford to go to the Dr! And I WORK for a living! Sign it or get OUT!
As Trump has tweeted, the proposed bill is simply "mean". Perhaps regulation (rather than subsidies) will be the most cost effective fix.
Thank you for your opposition to the bill.  As a currently, out of work miner the potential price of Health Ins makes personal planing tough
We conservatives want you to get the bill passed!  Push for changes but by the end of the week we want something passed!
My TN Senators don't care about Medicaid implications. You can help block the bill. #VoteNoAHCA
I WILL "NOT" VOTE FOR YOU. U HAD YOUR CHANCE TO HELP PEOPLE WHO CAN "NOT" PAY FOR RISING HEALTH CARE PREMIUMS. UR ONLY CONCERN IS U.SHAMEFUL
Please vote no on this bill and work towards a real solution for all Americans.
Stop adding to the Medicaid roles. 50 percent of all babies in our country are paid for by Medicaid.
DO NOT VOTE FOR HIM IN 2018. He is not a true republican.
We know you are being targeted by your own party, and hope you continue to stand for the people of NV and the entire country against BCRA.
I encourage you Senator to stand firm against this shameful bill - please vote NO - you will save lives and be acting with integrity.
You're going to be fine. Expose the GOP.
Do the right thing. Risk your political career. Don't be complicit. Openly share the @GOP's efforts to bribe. Expose these wicked people.
Thank you for standing up for the millions of Americans who will be hurt by this bill.
If you let Trump twist your arm your political career will come to a quick and decisive loss! Clinton won Nevada with ease and you must lead
Sen Heller please do what's right for Nevada & US! TrumpCare will kill my mother and perhaps millions! Need Reb senators w/ courage & balls!
If you ever change your mind and vote in favor of trumpcare..expect a change in our minds when we vote. :)
Please vote no on this terrible bill. Thank you!
Thank you for giving this pause, stay strong on this issue, we will support you!
Your doing it for Nevada #HellerVotesNo your ppl will be at the office and near your home do the right thing heller
So I've read the bill, and it will kill us, literally. It will kill my parents. Please vote NO!
#HellerVoteNo
With @SenateMajLdr & @GOP pressure, know the medical community is urging you to #VoteNoBCRA because of Hippocratic Oath First Do No Harm.
vote yes for this bill. Republicans had six years to work on a totally new health care bill.  We need good health care and lower premiums.
Pass it A-Hole!
Please vote no!  It's the right thing to do!
Please do the right thing Senator and vote against this horrendous bill. Fix the ACA it works if not sabbotaged!
No one wants Trumpcare. Check the polls.
Please VOTE NO on this deadly bill, all Americans depend on your vote. #HellerVoteNo #VoteNoBCRA
Can't even imagine what Your colleagues think is going 2 happen when millions of us realize gop stole our healthcare. 4sure not flowers.
I did it's horrible.
We have read this.
#HealthcareBill #AHCA
It's a pretty awful bill.  Please vote no.
Senator Heller, please say NO to the despicable 'healthcare' bill. Putting 22 million people out of care is indefensible. Fix the ACA!
Get over yourself. Hugh Hewitt said best this morning, if you don't vote yes, your days as a politician are done
It's a race to the bottom on the right to see who gets bragging rights for being the most coldhearted. WWJD?
Thank you for voting NO on this terrible bill
Keep your word Sen. Heller, vote NO!!!!!!!! Please
You must protect your constituents-vote NO!
Please vote "no"
Vote NO
Please speak up for your constituents. This healthcare bill will give tax breaks to  wealthy  and throw  millions off healthcare!
Senator Heller, please stand firm against #Trumpcare. Please vote NO! Thank you and God bless you! #VoteNoBCRA
Please stand firm in your opposition to this harmful bill. An entire nation is looking to you.
Stay strong in your opposition to this health care bill. It is not good for Nevadans. Protect those using medicaid, including my Sp.Ed. kids
Sp.Ed. depends on Medicaid. And tax cuts for the top % does nothing for Nevadans either. STAY STRONG!! THANK YOU!!!
Please oppose this bill. Americans are relying on you. Please work on a true bipartisan fix to improve healthcare in US.
Thank you @SenDeanHeller #HellerVoteNo
PLEASE VOTE NO. CUT FUNDS TO NURSING HOMES????
Higher deductibles less coverage. Children, disabled people and elderly depend on Medicaid, and this bill takes away money they need Vote NO
Keep Obamacare!  We cannot afford 22 million uninsured just to give a tax break to the extremely rich.
It's hurtful. Please vote no.
Please vote no and protect Americans.  This bill breaks more than it "fixes".

How will you vote? CBO says bill will throw 22M off insurance and raise rates on older and poor Americans to give billionaires a tax cut
Vote no. It is a cruel bill!
Please vote No. I am 61, self employed with indiv Ins being treated for breast cancer. If this passes I can no longer afford ins or care.
If you vote against the Senate Bill on repealing and replacing Obamacare, I will Vote Against You in your next election #NevadaRepublican
In all good conscience, you cannot vote yes on this bill. #thisisnothealthcare
Please do not vote for this barbaric legislation, Senator.
PLEASE Vote NO! You'll be rewarded come election day!
Thank you so much for protecting your at-risk constituents. The health care bill will devastate so many Nevadans. THANK YOU for standing up!
Don't let the WH convince you to sell your soul. Lives depend on you.
Vote no on this bill. It will destroy my son's chances of a normal life. #Autism  #PreexistingCondition
Thank you Senator Heller for resisting the threats. Remember when each senator could vote his conscience without dark $ super-PAC threats?
This is NOT a health care bill!  Where does it better the health of our citizens? #badplan
but i wish you to consider - change starts with a first step not the final step, proposed bill is a first step in many that are needed!
Thank you for reading the bill. You must know that this is a heartless, unethical bill. Please vote NO for American lives.
Please vote no
Please stay strong!  Do what's right!!! Say no to this awful bill
I am asking that you vote no on the health care bill.
Republicans are Pro Life until birth and then do not care about the baby. No essential health care! People will die. #NoTrumpcare!
Please Mr Heller, don't vote for this bill. It will hurt people.
Please vote NO
I applaud your courage to stand up to Ryan/McConnell about healthcare bill. Now that McConnell plans to punish you, stay strong. Vote NO!
Vote no on Trumpcare and save lives and improve healthcare for millions including women.
I'm not your constituent, but I see you've been paying attention on behalf of ALL Nevadans. Please vote "NO."
Don't even think about voting for any bill that cuts Medicaid to millions of disabled Americans!
Please @SenDeanHeller , don't let the bribes, manipulations & threats dissuade you from your decision. #ACA saved my life & my bank account.
Now that you've read it I am confident you will vote NO on this bill
In addition to being heartless, the health care plan will damage our economy as people struggle to pay premiums and medical bills.
Following UR position on AHCA. Bravo! Keep up the good fight. NO on AHCA! Millions would B devastated-we'll remember who stood tall against!
How is this a health CARE bill when it obviously provides drastically less coverage. The gall.
PLEASE VOTE "HELL NO!!!" THANK YOU!!!
“The righteous care about justice for the poor, but the wicked have no such concern.”
Proverbs 29:7
Vote NO!!!
Thank you for having the heart & guts to stand against this horrific Trumpcare plan. I only wish our senators were more like you.
Senator, a no vote would make sense here.  Properly fix ACA.
Cutting $800 billion and giving it to the rich is no way to improve healthcare. It's mean. It lacks heart.
OK. We have the numbers. 22 million voters will lose insurance so Donald Trump can give tax breaks to the rich.
Just read that a conservative PAC will spend $1,000,000 to convince you to vote yes. That's $1 million dollars just to get you to vote yes.
Don't let @realDonaldTrump tarnish your legacy.  The Trump plan disproportionately hurts women and children. 

FIX Obamacare instead.
Mr. Heller, #Trump w/throw U under the bus if U don't dance to his tune. Stand true for the people, pls. Pple w/know U stood w/them. #AHCA
Bless you senator. Please don't be bullied by that man-child and his goon squad.
Don't let bullies in the WH sway you away from your principles on healthcare.
#HellerVoteNo PLEASE.
It's a complicated thing to read. Purposely so. Look at the side by side comps to ACA. We, the people, lose. #NoAHCA #KillTheBill #AHCAKills
Stay strong and true to your values. Ignore the disgraceful attack ads...Nevada voters can't be fooled by this bullying tactic! Thank you!
Appreciate the care you take.
Please! Vote no!
Resist!
https://twitter.com/biancadlara/status/878866434255863808 …
Country over party because lets face it your party has been taken over by EVIL
You say you'll vote no but you have been disappointing with your "word" NV doesn't want tjis the Gov. Doesn't want this. Listen
Let's hope you read it real careful because we did and it's a horror show. How many people have to die for your tax cuts?
I sincerely hope you will vote AGAINST this horrible piece of legislation!
Vote NO to Trumpcare 2.0!
Don't let them threaten you, you know the bill is crap. Stand your ground
Dear Senator Heller, please vote no.
#HellerVoteNo #RESISTANCE
Please vote NO on this bill. It will burden poor & vulnerable w/increased cost & reduced care due to high deductibles. Medicaid is needed.
Dear Sir, I'm a 50yr old woman employed w/pre-existing condition. I fear for my life & kids' future if Health bill passes #VoteNoAHCA please
Dear Sir, please vote NO. #HellerVoteNo .
Please vote against this joke of a bill!
Feds don't belong in our healthcare. Repeal Obamacare and go back to free market. 
#FullRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom
