#RepealObamacare. Maybe some of those who left the practice over it, like my doctor, will return to it.
@HCTriage
"Researchers".  LOL! Name them and name the organization they're with.
Actually says it on the slide: National Bureau of Economic Research-But you know science isn't to be believed! HA! http://m.nber.org 
So academics without names, who study studies and don't live in the real world.
Got it. Like I said, we're done footing the bill for it all.
http://m.nber.org 
Evidently you have no clue what I said. How unfortunate for you. Repeating: We're done footing the bill for it all. 
Deal with it.

When working families need financial help to care for aging loved ones, Medicaid is there. We must #ProtectOurCare #VoteNoAHCA 
#HellerVoteNo #RESISTANCE
#HellerVoteNo #RESISTANCE
WHAT'S wrong, pray tell, with reaching across the aisle & working with D's to COMPROMISE & fix the ACA, as opposed 2 sabotaging it? Courage
If AHCA isn't vetted, vote no. You keep ignoring actual Nevadans. You're there to vote our will; otherwise, we vote you out. Make a decision
Nevada 's obesity rate continues to climb, most of these people over 1/4 of the state will have pre-existing condition of diabetes
Senate GOP considers deeper Medicaid cuts than House bill
You should vote against the Senate Health Care Bill then.  It endangers the small hospitals and providers in the state's center greatly.
@DeanHeller Address the health care shortage #Trumpcare will cause. Fix the ACA. Tell Mitch NO! Constituent R. Goltz, Henderson, NV 89074
It won't matter if you vote for trumpcare. I live in Nevada and I vote.
We are counting on you to vote AGAINST this awful healthcare bill.  Nevadans are watching!
People who don't have insurance won't car about dr shortages. What are you doing to help Nevadans keep their insurance? Your silence is bad!
What good will more Docs do if you destroy rurals health insurance & they can't afford to pay?
Still watching how you vote on health care
Nevada first. Party second. This BS of hiding ACHA will get you voted out. You work for us and we deserve  BETTER
Rural Hospitals could compete with loan repay for Drs. Betsy is killing that.
#FullRepeal Too many doctors r leaving because of Obamacare.
Sen. Heller, @DeanHeller. Do NOT vote 'yes' on Trumpcare! We will ruin your Summer break. Want peace and a future in Politics? Vote NAY.
Could you also lead an effort to have a public hearing on #AHCA? Like just 1? Before it gets voted on? Like, just a lil transparency please.
What about the SECRET healthcare bill that you are writing? How many NEVADANS will lose their care?
Don't sign on to a back room deal designed to hurt millions of Americans.  This isn't Right. We need your bravery right now #VoteNoAHCA 

@AARPNV  Doctor shortage due to horrible working conditions. They are tired of endless paper work with little time 4 patience.
Wow. Slick & slimy.  You found way to pretend to be for poor folks while knowing that any Medicaid for rural areas will be cut in AHCA.
Thank you for helping our rural people get doctors, and your fight to make sure they have #Medicaid to use when thy get a doctor!
If #Trumpcare is allowed to pass you will have an even bigger shortage. Stand tall for your constituents and vote NO to MEAN Healthcare..
So #hypocritical of you to lead effort to address MD shortages while cutting millions from medicare! #VoteNoAHCA
Could also accept Physicians from countries like Germany that have different resident prgrms than US and prevent them from pract in USA
How will your new health care bill help increase the supply of doctors in rural NV? Under your bill rural communities will be hit hardest.
Aren't you planning on taking our healthcare away.   What good are rural doctors if people can't afford to go?  #VoteHellerOut
So true
You want doctors but with the AHCA they'll be no use for those doctors.
Watching how you vote on disgraceful  secret health care bill?
You clearly are not leading anything.  You're misleading & dodging & leaving Nevadans, esp. rural Nevadans, in medical trouble. Shameless.
Doesn't matter how many MDs you have if no one can afford health care. the GOP smoke and mirrors game isn't working any more.
Why are you going along with this garbage?
Save the #ACA
Won't do any good if you vote for the secret Senate bill that will make insurance coverage unaffordable for rural Nevadans.
What about your legacy?  Do you want to be the guy who took h/d from 23M?  To take Medicaid from elderly in nursing care, disabled, & kids?
Accept the Senate's healthcare will eliminate need for doctors. Akin to OJ's effort to finding wife's killer.
You are up for re-election against a good candidate. Better think about your vote on healthcare.
We all know you're doing the bidding of Sheldon Adelson.  You don't give a fuck what happens to us. You won't even meet us.
Please include in your efforts a No vote on the Senate Healthcare bill. AHCA will eliminate many health choices for Rural Nevadans #NOAHCA
If you really care about quality care, then vote NO on AHCA!!
Have you seen senate's version of #Trumpcare? The voters haven't. #ShowUsTheBill
Seriously? You need a comms director, your messaging to constituents is tone deaf.
How about quality pricing?
If you were serious about quality healthcare you wouldn't have been a cheerleader for Sec Price and this admin that wants to demolish ACA.
If you think there's a shortage now wait till people in rural NV don't even have medicade. I wonder sometimes if you don't live in bubble.
Keep the ACA and NV will keep you in 2018.
I appreciate the effort Senator.  Can u also support Planned Parenthood in NV? It helps so many people.
Vote NO on this new health care bill
Good, better hope you don't vote for #Trumpcare so people can still afford a Doctor.
Just resign now or vote  no on Trumpcare
If not, you're done in 2018.
And then you'll vote for Trumpcare and 150,000 Nevada residents will lose health coverage and then you'll lose your seat in 2018...
No your not, you're standing with your party to get RID of ACA, Medicaide and anything else to help the American people.
Well, this is nice but...

R U going to #Enable @SenateMajLdr to #Ramrod #AHCA thru #Senate w/no hearings & no #PublicComment?
-#WeThePeeps
Senator, please be more vocal and help to deter the under-handed tactics by the senate GOP in trying to pass the health bill. NV needs you.
But what are you doing to stop the terrible AHCA that will hurt your constituents?
Who cares if nobody in those rural areas will have insurance to cover the services? #ShowUsTheBill
13 men R deciding the fate of healthcare in US in secret.This isn't a game.Please vote no on this #AHCA monstrosity
Your face here ! We will not forget if you vote on the MEAN GOP healthcare @DeanHeller
No caps ! Vote NO on fading Medicaid #showusthebill
@DeanHeller protect Planned Parenthood #showusthebill
What effort ? Details, transparency? #showusthebill
You can't force a person to work for nothing! Unless your a Burner supporter
.@SenDeanHeller must think NV voters are stupid. He tosses a red herring like this while his party plans to steal healthcare from 23 million
You mean health care?
Trump Wealthcare will kill more Nevadans than ISIS. Vote NO!
You are leading an effort to pass a terrible AHCA bill in secret that destroys healthcare for Nevadans all so you can give rich tax cuts.
Only 28% of Nevadans support the AHCA.  Sen. Heller,  vote no on this turd of a bill or we will vote no on you.
READ THIS -->
How about leading the effort to DENY the Republican TrumpCare? You can SAVE LIVES and protect families from needless bankruptcies!!
If you pass the #AHCA, the rural communities won't be able to afford a doctor anyway. Nor will the poor, the disabled & those w/pre-existing
Getting rid of the ACA and limiting Medicare is probably not going to help.
Lead an effort to keep all healthcare accessible to all Americans. Vote no on secret gop plans.
Cart before the horse.  Make McConnell tell us what's in the bill!!
Unlike many of us, your voice counts in making law. Why are u quiet as McConnel flouts convention & tries to pass secret rushed "mean" bill?
Why? Taking away healthcare will just put medical professionals and facilities out of work, especially in rural communities.
In the meantime @SenDeanHeller is party to secret plan to defund PlannedParenthood,hike costs for seniors,throw +/-20 million off healthcare
GOP wants to kill Medicaid as we know it. Majority of Medicaid recipients are disabled, elderly, children. Shameful
Where is your voice when GOP attempting to affect millions of lives & 1/6th of US econ in secret rushed process?No public hearings. Shameful
We won't need doctors soon since you @GOPer'S are intent on Killing HEALTHCARE FOR ALL!!
