
RINO Alert: These 5 Senate Millionaires are 
blocking #Obamacare Repeal
Time to man the phones #Trumpers #Healthcare #ACA 
Why weren't you one of the Senators who spoke out against the current and horrible healthcare bill? We're on to you Senator. 2018.
Completely disappointed and sitting next to Trump laughing? Remember trump saying "Healthcare For all, better and cheaper."
 HES SUCH A LIAR
We need comprehensive healthcare reform too. Will not vote for you next year
How you doing without seeing trump's tax returns?  All good?  Of course.
How are you going to vote on the repeal of ath ACA?

Why don't you repeal Obamacare?  That's why you're there!  If you act like a RINO I won't votes for you again! #MAGA
I watch #45 demand you vote to take medical insurance from millions of Americans to give the rich a tax cut!.We the people are watching you!
You have ZERO integrity or credibility.
Please vote no on health care motion today.  It could cause the death of thousands and no one is telling us what's in it first
you need to stabilize obamacare before you can do tax reform properly
Senator you need to vote to repeal Obamacare next week!  It is not working for USA and NV.
Now Republicans just want to repeal and not replace. . So do u want Obama care or no care. Cuz trump and Republicans do not care
The tax codes are far too complicated and favor heavy political donators and large corps. Simplify it so we all play by the same rules
#VoteHellerOUT
#TheResistance 
#Resist
What's the bill with your name on it?  More bullshit rhetoric?
Heller was a no until billionaire casino magnate Steve Wynn threatened  him almost daily. What a sad, perfect example of money in politics.
We, middle class, feel when Repubs. say tax reform it will help big businesses and the rich. No tax cut for rich healthcare for all American
it must be nice to have permission from trump to speak.

Do your job! You campaigned on repeal. Dont be a RINO and a liar! Repeal! Don't commit political suicide! Redeem your integrity! Repeal!
You are a pathetic RINO and a liar if you don't vote to repeal! Don't commit political suicide! Redeem your integrity by voting to repeal!
Thank you Sen Heller for standing firm as a NO on repeal despite threats - we stand with you!
Trump made you his bitch for all the world to see
BEST BROS!!! Does the trumpster have his healthcare vote?  You betcha!
Solidarity on Healthcare!!!???
A picture is worth a thousand words.

If anyone was under the impression you had integrity, this picture should make it clear that you don't.
Don't cave in to this failing presidency. He'll be gone. You'll be remembered for doing the right thing.
Use capital gains tax as an investment credit for tech R&D similar to the rest of the world
If I were you, I wouldn't do a damned thing that juvenile irresponsible Russian loving President wants! I wouldn't even go to White House.
But first you MUST #RepealNow!  You voted to repeal in 2015, if you fail to do so, them the 2015 was a phony campaign vote!  A FRAUD!
Sorry, Nevada did not vote for trump... he's actually doing his job





Great! Now REPEAL O-Care; enuff iz enuff doggone it! Ocare has to go; hold-outs like U make me Fed-Up with repubs - can't get anything done!
Protect your constituents. The  president surely will not. Follow your oath of office.
Trickle down economics doesn't work: Fact. Making corporations wealthier doesn't guarantee anything except for more money for investors.
Smile and laugh as Trump insults you.

Stand firm
After all these years and pledges, the GOP should already know what works,what doesn't. It's not rocket science, REAGAN?
Reagan is turning in his grave! Putin' love boy is Trump!!!



You want that dough, right? A transfer of wealth from the middle class to the richest, or someone is paying to post all this ?

Here is a quote from ur lunch date- total lack of leadership #losers
Senator Heller, Pay no attention to the right wing pundits who are being critical of you and others who stood firmly against hc bill.
The citizens of Nevada will remember your loyalty, that I am sure of. Please don't stop fighting for Nevadans. Thanks.
Not a peep about this nightmare of a healthcare bill? Or the Repeal with NO Replacement that would toss 32M off insurance?
I'm waiting for the McConnell vote to see how you vote. Not that you would expose your true views. Are you giving a tax cut to the rich?
Why were you silent about the healthcare bill? You turned your back on your at-risk constituents. Pack your bags - you will be voted out.
Vote "NO" on health care bill
You mean enrich the worthy and screw the middle class 
Lunch is on tRump tomorrow? Hope a well done steak with ketchup doesn't sway you to say yes to repeal. 
Thank you for blocking the republican health care bill, Senator!

Trump's taxes need to be revealed. What's he hiding?
Here'a an easy way to simplify the tax code for every American worker: your first $150,000 in WAGES/COMMISSIONS/TIPS is not taxed!
Thank God for the female Senators who have something you don't have b@lls!
If that includes the scheme of a flat tax in ANY form, you can toss it in the same pile as that health care bill!
I agree. The rich need to pay their fair share. #taxtherich #RobinHoodTax @RobinHoodTax

Nuclear storage in Nevada--what will the outcome be with Perry in
We will not let you and trump cut taxes on the top 1% and then strip public education @BetsyDeVosED #resist
If you think healthcare was complicated- the GOP tax reform is going to be an epic showdown between the top 1% and the average NV family
Don't worry. He'll bail on that too
Stop hiding and ditching ur constituents and the media- will u vote on a complete repeal of the ACA @DeanHeller @GovSandoval
Where is your public statement on the GOP repeal of the ACA- you voted to repeal in 2015, what are your plans @DeanHeller @GovSandoval
Any comment on Trump's meeting with Putin where no other Americans were there? Does that seem odd to you or have you just come to accept it?
Yes we need sweeping tax reform, as in a flat tax where rich people like your leader Trump can't manipulate the system! Thanks would be G8!!
