Did you tell them you hate them all and you'd strip them of basic health care?
Do you support the current President?  Asking for a friend
Thx for meeting with biz owners @SenDeanHeller 80% of small biz rely on debt financing; pls. maintain interest deductions!
Did you talk to them about the racist arm of the @GOP and how you turn a blind eye? You and all #45s supporters are disgusting.
did you talk about your fraternization with nazis?...

great shots!  so you're a nazi drag queen?  sweet!
I'd rather drag queens over nazis. Bessey is just a troll with too much time on his hands. Cannot think for himself so he posts memes.
yeah.  he/she doesn't seem too bright....
Great news, gonna stick to what's right this time or sell them upriver like your healthcare vote when POTUS offers you a deal or a threat?
#ImpeachTrump u have nothing to lose & everything to gain. Save our country from unfit leader.
Senators don't impeach! However; @MarkAmodeiNV 2 in the House CAN! Rep. Amodei; #ImpeachTrumpNow !
AGREE! Amodei must GO!!! Do you know who'll run against him? I know Jacky Rosen is running against Heller. Find out more: @RosenforNevada !
Dude, you condone white supremacy and nazis. You can make the rounds all you want but you're about to be gone.
#NoDeanIn18

Last time I checked JayZ wasn't president or inciting violence but go on with your lame memes that have nothing to do with tRump KKK ties
Is this before or after your meeting with the kkk, nazis, and white supremacists to discuss ethnic superiority?

It warms my heart to see artwork produced by the mentally disabled. Good work son!

Your silence says so much- denounce Trump

No, Mueller has Trump's back. #trumpforprison2017
Lemme guess: immigration = stay the fuck out & tax reform = poor people pay more while rich people pay less. Did I nail it?

I guess all of the countries who have a larger mix of socialism in their country (Norway, Finland, etc) are futuristic hellscapes?
Well yeah, just look at these tortured souls

This guy's all over the place.  We are talking about Nordic countries, not people with Nordic in their handle. Try again.
Refusing to condemn @realDonaldTrump specifically is akin to agreeing with his comments. Heller must be replaced next year.
No photo ops with KKK or Nazis?
shame on you for not standing up to Trump.

I've paid over $10 million in taxes so I'm guessing that was intended for Senator Heller?
No, Bessey is a troll. Repeatedly posting pro-trump memes after every comment.

Get your ass back to Washington & impeach the President

Oh, you hate women. I see

What about stripping the middle and lower class of being able to visit the doctor ? Did you touch that subject ?
You kidding. Your leader just likened George Washington to Robert E. Lee.  There is one conversation this country needs to have right now.
The Hyde Amendment prohibits most federal funds from going to abortion care except in rare circumstances.
was this during Trump's election to the President of the Confederacy?

Legal or illegal immigration?
When do citizens of Nevada get a chance to meet with you in person? You never hold in person meetings.
Annnnd here's a photo of Peter Cvjetanovic (angry torch guy) with U.S. Sen. @DeanHeller  #GoodNightAltRight #YesYoureRacist
Peachy. 

Now condemn Trump, Bannon, Miller and Gorka.

No Nazis, KKK or White Supremists in our White House.
Stand up to racism. Stand up to Nazis. Stand up to KKK. Stand up to Trump. Forget the false equivalency. Take a side.
Bannon, Miller, Gorka, Trumo, GOP=KKK
I wish you would have shared your position outside your office today to the resistance
You didn't talk about how you voted for @realDonaldTrump? Will we hear later how you support his comments today?
Will you rebuke the prez? Do u stand on his side of racism and David Duke? You can't be silent on his false equivalency
Get the Nazi out of the WH Now. Do or say something. I can't believe I'm living this nightmare.
So, it looks like you are trying to be more visible now. It's not going to work. You're out in 2018.
Will you call for Nazis in the White House to be fired? Or will you remain silent and go down in history as coconspirator? #shameful
Did you talk about this racist Republican president and which group of Americans he hates the most?
Why did u vote to eliminate health care for thousands in NV
Why wasn't the public invited to join? When is Townhall? When are u going to separate ur self from 45?
Won't help your RINO ass at the ballot box
A retweet of your previous denunciation of racism is not enough. You need to explicitly call out Trump for his white supremacy support

Your statements are asinine. Go back under your rock.
When heller is faced with a tough topic he always jumps directly to veterans and Yucca mountain. Every. Time.
This is the time to choose sides- the right side or immoral side with racist trump. Ur silence is tacit approval of his comments today

That's great.  Have you seen Trump's latest news conference?  Are you going to  tell him to stop being such a racist?  He needs to hear it!!

U don't know anything about me so please don't insult me.  I'm speaking to @SenDeanHeller on behalf of millions of concerned Americans.
I would love to know how you plan to protect Nevadans from this president and his racist friends. #impeachtrump

Ooh, you know how to post memes. Your statements are asinine. Go back under your rock.
Impeach Trump

Your support tells us that you have the same mindset as the racist president. Go back under your rock, please

Dance, dance, dance!
I'm sure they'd like it if u called for white supremacist to leave this administration & if you stopped supporting racist voter suppression

Please keep your emotional problems to yourself.
Really?? Trump is a Nazi! What are you going to do huh?? Man up

Update your resume too! You were easily bought off re HC vote that would of devastated your constituents...U can't be trusted U R irrelevant
What about American Nazis?
What about ur buddy doubling down on his "both sides" statement? U ok with supporting Nazis, because he is? U buckled on the ACA, coward!


This church elder went to #Charlottesville she was beaten by 8-9 Alt Right #Nazis they Maced someone in wheelchair & threw lighter fluid 


Domestic Terrorists  

Are you in some kind of bubble? Trump went full Nazi and you're talking about this? I'm so done with you....

What an asinine statement you've made.  Please go back under your rock.

After #Charlottesville, remember that GOP lawmakers across the country have introduced bills to legalize hitting protesters with cars. LIST: 
Were any Nazis there?

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
No mention of Trump's support for KKK, white supremacists, or Nazis, though. Right?

Lol
I mean... are you serious right now? Trump just sided with the Nazis. What say you?

Feminist? What are you talking about. What century do you live in?
You might want to turn on the news...
Please reject comments made by Trump today. Thanks

What an asinine statement you've made. Please go back under your rock.
No one cares- #IMPEACHMENTNOW


Your silence makes you complicit. Demand that @realDonaldTrump remove Gorka, Bannon, and Steven Miller. #FireGorka #FireBannon #FireMiller 
Yep. Where you at @SenDeanHeller
