another reason i wont be voting for you. I've been in your office the last 2 weeks asking you to not repeal the #CadillacTax
why?  What do you like about it?
it encourages companies to pay better wages.

but first you have to lose your plan.  You get that, right?
it don't have a plan now... or health insurance... but when looking. At job options I'm considering  $ & ins
well you should understand that caddy tax causes worse tax free plans and higher taxable wages.
that means higher deductibles and out of pocket costs to you
Cadillac tax is an Excise tax paid by insurance co or sponsor of self funded plan.Not paid by individuals or Small Buz
we all know the tax is passed down to the employee.  You're showing lack of economic understanding

Repeal the entire thing. Obamacare is a monstrosity.
You first. We've been waiting.
Haven't watched Fox or CNN in weeks.
You don't agree with me, therefore I must be a racist. Lame. Go pester someone else now.
please start listening to the people that voted you in. So many disappointments lately.  Please vote no on Sessions.
People who voted Heller in support Sen. Sessions. Who are you trying to kid?
I hadn't seen any tweets or FB messages for Heller in support of Devos, & very few for Sessions. #notlistening
He put out one stating he was voting to confirm DeVos. He or someone else said it was okay to stop calling now 
Go ahead and search for the supporters on his pages. They are hard to find. He will not survive 2018
I would support him over any Democrat.
Why would you care? You voted for DeVos and Session. 
You are not for Nevada
NO. You are supporting lowering taxes on millionaires at the expense of our healthcare. You do not stand for the middle class
it was disgusting that you shut down warren and nv doesn't stand with Sessions. Vote no
I have lived in NV since 1986. I support Sen. Sessions and Ms. DeVos. I support Sen. Heller and voted for him
that's awesome. I'm not a racist and I don't have kids. Screw schools
sit down, shut up until you are voted out in 2018.
Affordable care starts with taking on big insurance, big pharma and making sure you are not re-elected in 2018.
BTW, where is your moral outrage against the president using his official twitter account to shill for Ivanka's business?
Affordable care starts with regulating insurance companies, ensuring all people have insurance.
everyone needs to repeat this line in 2018. "A vote for Heller is a vote for Trump"
I certainly hope so!
thanks for looking out for small biz- the job creators! @nfib_nv @NFIB
how will you replace the ACA?
a better option would be to just increase the threshold upon which the tax is triggered.
How about addressing the potential deregulation of the financial industry "to help" Trump's friends instead.
we would rather you talk to your constituents instead of hiding behind a telephone
The Cadillac tax helps support the ACA, which you want to gut. #SaveACA
That's right. Gut it!
is there any of his picks you will vote No on?  Price?  Mnuchen?  When is your term up?
I don't agree. The Cadillac Tax is important for funding ACA.
most of us can't afford a cadillac.  If you can you should pay a higher tax!  And ur just a Trump puppet afraid to stand up
.@SenDeanHeller When will you be ready to talk about your support for Sessions and DeVos, despite the pleas of your constituents?
on the senate floor you betrayed your constituency #theywillconfirmanyone #wecanfireyou #sellout #VoteHellerOut #2018
I oppose the Cadillac Tax
The Cadillac tax is impractical. We do need to address the rising cost of healthcare & fund  ACA how do u propose we do this?
I think you should read the Coretta Scott King letter.
looks like you have 1.5 constituents. Doesent that tell you something? Hows your health insurance? Free?
I think u should lose your government run healthcare. 2018 is coming.
Every day you support party over country, even when bedrock Constitutional norms are being violated. Shame on you! 89123
Neil Gorsuch is too extreme for the Supreme Court
Ohhhh Jeff Sessions is just perfect!  OMG Help US!!!
appalling.. you are a true deplorable #trumprussia #letlizspeak
Whatever! Save the ACA. You didn't listen to us on Devos and now we have to live with that. Get a backbone.
how about something that affects a lot of Nevadans that need help,  not the ones doing well for themselves?
your insistence on repealing Obamacare and causing hundreds of thousands of Nevadans to be without insurance again is sad.
Maybe you could start with a good replacement b4 you start breaking the ACA. Oh, wait: you need to break it to fit the story.
I completely disagree with eliminating healthcare for 400,000 NV residents- that is quoting @GovSandoval  #SaveACA #2018
.@SenDeanHeller #alternativefacts?  Seriously
Just voted to increase taxes for overcrowded schools.Some want to overcrowd more.Stop the obvious invasion, however you can.
The next most important thing is to get government out of the health care business entirely.  Too many bureaucrats desperate
...to put their own 2-cent "stamp" on any health care legislation which comes along.
What you should be talking about is how disgraceful  your behavior was towards Senator Warren. #LetLizSpeak
you will be gone next election.   You don't listen to your constitutants
why even participate anymore with you. U have shown thAt Nevadans don't matter.
Only if you jerks have your way!!! #resist #persist Stop all the lies!!!!
healthcare will not work unless the wealthy pay more. Do not vote for this. Your days in the Senate are numbered
cadillac tax raises taxes for all income classes
yes I stand corrected.  Thank you
#sellout #outin2018 #DeVosvotewasyourend
BS--
this tax only applies to employers who offer high cost health plans to their employees. Who is really helped by repeal?
by the way, NO ON SESSIONS if you have the courage.  #stopsessions
Repealing or replacing-Doesn't repealing allow employers to choose less affordable health ins and pass cost 2 workers anyway?
Cutting #taxes and #services does not lead to utopia, it leads to Somalia. Make America #Somalia again.
#votehimOUT2018 The people are awake. We are watching. And we will remember you support party over country.
please explain
Big deal. Your record will show if you stand up for justice in this horrific congress. Speak up or shut up. #2018elections
why are you afraid to let @SenWarren speak?
how are you going to pay for pre-existing condition coverage if you do that.  THINK it through--not just the talking points
so you don't want people to keep their company plans?
traitor to the children of NV. You are a political hack.
Please don't forget about the REPLACE part of your "repeal and replace." The ACA is not perfect but it's better than nothing.
Trump enabler. Liar.
this reminds me, my mom loves Cadillac margaritas and even drunk, she could probably make better decisions than you do. #2018
That's because your mom, like @SenWarren  #ShePersisted !
636 days left before you need to brush up that resume. Enjoy your time, senator. #WeSaidNo
You and the GOP fail. The starting point: Make Certain That Health Care Services Are Delivered To Everyone #LeadUs
Affordable health cares starts with health care. WHY are you not worry about the $Ms just for Trumps family security? WASTE!
I have an employer sponsored plan and all I get hit with are higher deductibles by greedy insurance companies!  #SinglePayer
your a sell out and a fraud Nevada will rise up and kick you to curb
#DumpTrump
You once again are off the mark on improving anything. Swap something bad for something worse to say you did something plan.
political hack with no spine. Shameful
Affordable care starts with NEVER having to choose between skipping care and bankruptcy.
too bad Heller wants ACA repealed which will bankrupt and kill many
#shame for your vote on #Devos. I personally pledge time/resources to your next opponent. Goodbye.
A traitot to his NV constituients
..u embarrass Nevada...
You need to heed your constituents!  We will remember in 2018!  Who's lining yr pocket now?
Shameful behavior by Heller.
we know now you have no conscience nor respect for NV citizens
#2018
oh boy we get 2b #proud#sarcasm
