

Don't let the cute name fool you. "Skinny repeal" will cause a death spiral for ACA, 16 million more uninsured by next year.
#SaveACA https://twitter.com/jhamelresists/status/890594490284736514 …
Kill the mandate, you kill the program.   It's unpopular because the GOP lied for years about the ACA
You better hurry, the time is getting short for you to be on the right side of this & salvage some votes.
As the Republican's "skinny repeal" of ACA gets ever skinnier, remember reconciliation was not meant for policy. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/26/us/politics/republican-fast-track-rules-obamacare-hits-wall.html … 
Please Vote NO on repealing or repealing/replacing #ACA  Choose #American citizens instead of #Trump & the wealthy. Our People first #GOP
if he has a pre-existing condition, would you want him to get treatment?  & if you do, would you allow a child to get treatment for one too?
Liars should not tweet. No credibility in anything you say.
U vote yes to throw millions off Healthcare with approvof 17%? That you all don't want to pass ! You all sold out& don't care if people die

Bipartisan governors write to @SenateMajLdr & @SenSchumer urging the Senate to reject "skinny" repeal bill.  
While he has best taxpayer funded health insurance money can buy you are getting ready to vote on #SkinnyRepeal . PLEASE VOTE NO! #FixACA
Good thing he had health insurance, AMIRITE?

DON'T VOTE TO KILL PEOPLE TODAY!!!!!
#SkinnyRepeal #SaveMedicaid #SaveOurCare
Great news are you going to make sure your constituents also have the same healthcare we pay for you?
Thank God he has good healthcare!! Fix the ACA for the rest of us - no repeal!  #SaveMedicaid
That's great! Now can u vote yes on #Repeal or was that just a promise to get elected?? Republicans have very good memories... VOTE YES
People get shot all the time in this country. Do you care about them? Do you care about citizen's healthcare? Didn't think so.
Wise tactic Mr. Heller, but changing your political affiliation may prove more prudent than pandering for political peotection.
Glad he has good medical insurance.  Too bad you don't want that for your voters.  Do they know you are wavering?
Update: lots unfolding. McConnell is getting VERY close to 50. Getting around the rules and buying off Sens every way he can. Here goes. 1/ https://twitter.com/chadderr/status/890538278960734208 …
He did not have obamaCare otherwise he would still be waiting for a doctor.  I have been waiting 3-months.
I bet he got good medical care while there .. please make sure everyone else can by having good healthcare. Vote no on skinny
Senator you must speak out against Trump's bigotry against our military members. Where are your ethics? Not speaking out suggests u agree.

Please read this
God bless Steve speedy recovery prayers
Hey, good thing he had healthcare. You let NV and US down with your vote tonight. We will remember. #Nov2018
good news. 

You need to support your constituents.  Skinny repeal will kill the ACA and you know it.  It's no different than full repeal
uh-oh Dean Heller, this might not be good for you.  Has Mitch explained all this:
"Skinny repeal" would still create lots of political problems for Republicans (though probably fewer than BCRA). http://53eig.ht/2w3Qlga  
A warning shot from God.  Followed by another, McCain's brain. Yet, still, you ignore his warnings and follow trump's agenda into peril. Sad
Please don't vote for Skinny Appeal - I work w/employee health insurance and it will destroy the market! Most don't even know what ACA is.
Good news for you guys , bad news for people with pre existing conditions or in Medicare.
I wonder what kind of great care he got courtesy of, yes, the taxpayer. Go ahead & deny HC 2 all. Steve will do same again given a chance.
in other news Sen Dean Heller votes to kick 15 million people off healthcare. #douchebag
Coward.
He had access to health care, but he voted to restrict my access. #hypocrisy
Great development, unlike your vote to support Obama Care today!! McCain has a brain tumor.  What's your excuse?!
I am disappointed in you and your buds. You do not care about the American people. More concerned about reflections.  McCain is still angry
A recovery that won't bankrupt his family bc he has insurance. Meanwhile you voted to begin debate on eliminating insurance for Nevadans sad
Great news! This should never have happened but the democrats are becoming more and more violent, intolerant & unhinged.
Glad he didn't have trumpcare. He would be up the creek bigly. You fooled me once big guy never again. Sold out to party, ins and pharm
So nice all you politicians can count on gov. funded healthcare in cases of unforseen emergency or tragedy. HYPOCRITE.
Really really bad news You Voted w Democrats!
Do you even understand how offensive this tweet is, given that you are trying your level best to take healthcare away from the rest of us?
@SenDeanHeller do you even realize how tone deaf you've been on the health care issue. You should be working for the people of Nevada

Dean Heller: "I cannot support a piece of legislation that takes away insurance from tens of millions of Americans." https://twitter.com/jbendery/status/890350561803030530 …
We paid for McCains hospital stay, surgery, airfare so he could fly back to take healthcare from millions. You guys are a special club.
Yes, you're a pillar of compassion and character. It's great news, but coming from you diminishes it. You are such an embarrassment
@GailTriglia I think you're done in the state of Nevada Dean Heller you can't back our President Trump
I wish him well. Isn't wonderful he had great healthcare. Healthcare that you want to take away from the masses? Voting 4 @RepJackyRosen
Repeal Obamacare
That is great news.
As a public servant, will you be equally concerned about the health security of ALL Americans?
Really good news today, I tried to take healthcare from 22M Americans  to give more $ to billionaires. Fucking monster 
He had healthcare covered by taxpayers. You voted to strip ours after promising you wouldn't. But now Trump loves u!
Brutal ad already up against Dean Heller from his opponent @RosenforNevada, rightly calling him the "deciding for" to proceed on Trumpcare. 
It's great he didn't have to suffer b/c Senators are exempted from the disastrous Obamacare. You failed Americans today. #MAGA
So Steve Wynn twisted your arm to support legislation that will not help American people. I tho't u had a backbone. My mistake!!
Would have been better news if you voted against #Trumpcare  but you rather earn up to @realDonaldTrump than to us #nevadans
Nothing to say about the bigoted prez who dodged service to our country because of a fake foot injury #loser
you ran on repealing obamacare....even voted on it when you knew obama would veto, now you vote to not repeal. this will not be forgotten.
And he will not have to declare bankruptcy because he has good healthcare. Poor nevadans soon not so much.
The GOP plan would cut essential health benefits like rehab services and in home care? #SaveACA
Will he be afforded medical care for his extensive rehabilitation? Does his healthcare provide for at-home treatment and care? #SaveACA
He's embarrassed by your vote.
I think he has reaped what he has sown. He could care less about me, and the feeling is mutual. He is a snake.
vote no on the skinny repeal. It will cause premiums to go up by 20 percent and put 15 million off insurance.
And the bad news is you voted to make sure the same won't happen for 20+ million Americans. Hypocrite.
That's good. It's also good that at this time he doesn't have to worry about going bankrupt because he was shot
Ok, first self-serving tweet of the day. That $1 for @RosenforNevada   

Who's joining me in rewarding Jacky for Heller's tweets?
Really bad news today. Heller proved he is a RINO, bought and paid for fraud. Repeal or resign.
Does he have the same healthcare options as the rest of America?
Glad to know that your/Scalise insurance is wonderful and paid by us taxpayers. Dont forget about folks in Nv. VOTEHELLEROUT2018. Hail Trump
Is government smarter than the people? Who should decide on our health insurance and healthcare? You or we the people?
He has great health care. You want to take away health care from Nevadans. Nevada will never forget.
Our new ad reminds Nevada that @SenDeanHeller broke his promise to 328,000 Nevadans who would lose care under the GOP bill. 
Lucky for him to have great healthcare, while other American will be dying because of your vote
You care about someone's health? Oh that's right. Just SOME of America. Not everyone.
what kind o of healthcare does he have again? Obama care gold? Good for him and McCain, and you and yours
I wasn't kidding when I said it was your duty to care for ALL of your constituents.
So, in his honor are you voting to take healthcare away from millions?  You need to keep your courage and stop buckling to Trump - shortimer
BECAUSE HE HAS HEALTH INSURANCE! Can you even imagine what this would be w/o it? The #irony of your statement.. #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Enough with the Congressmen and Senators what about the American people  we already u and the rest have top of the line health insurance smh
Imagine how he would have faired if he had to rely on the deathcare bills in front of you Looks bleak doesnt it. People before party vote no
Glad he is recovering. Guess he's one of the chosen ones who in your world view deserve health care
So nice that he has insurance to pay his hospital bills. Bills like his would bankrupt some Americans! Thank for nothing Benedict Heller
And thank goodness for his health insurance!
You are being watched very carefully right now. Do not bow to the Bully Trump! Sick Nevada means no votes for you! #Noskinnybill
Luckily for him he has excellent healthcare paid for by taxpayers while you&your cronies plot&plan to deny 24 million people the same!SHAME!
Thank God
Glad to hear it. Everyone in this country deserves the same access to the care provided to Representative Scalise.
Who paid for @SteveScalise 's hospital bill?  What would his charges B under #TrumpCare you R voting on if he had 2 pay like the rest of us?
You're next
good thing he has great healthcare.
Yes thank goodness HE has excellent health care coverage!
Hope the people you rep can have quality health care like Scalise if they experience a similar violent experience.
Do you wish the same for American victims of gun violence who do not serve in Congress? If so, you must vote NO on a "skinny repeal".
I guess HE has Healthcare. You care less about Nevadans and others having it! #HellerIsCoward #HellerIsFlip-Flopper #BloodOnYourHands
It is wonderful news. So grateful he has comprehensive healthcare paid for by us, the people you will be sentencing to subpar healthcare.
Praise the Lord
All Americans deserve good healthcare. Thank goodness Steve Scalise had it.
The really good news will come when Jacky Rosen kicks you to the curb.   Cowardly doesn't even begin to describe your character.
He had healthcare, you are a wimp. No prfile in Courage
Will Steve Wynn and Sheldon Adelson save u from the RESISTANCE?  We may not have their money but we hold the votes. U shamed us yesterday.
Wynn waterboy
Your a a cheap suit
Hope he appreciates his taxpayer-sponsored healthcare. Don't turn around a take healthcare away from millions of voters. #HellerVoteNo
Well of course he can get that because he's your friend the politician, but if he was John Doe you'd fucking kill him.
Will you stand up and fight for the rights of all Americans by saying no to a bill that will take their care away? #KillTheBill
All need good health care.  Vote NO on the skinny bill and others that do not provide health care. No tax cuts to rich
I am very disappointed to discover you allowed Donald Trump to bully you.
Good news, finally! Now #vote NO. Stand up for NV
I am so disappointed in you and your YES vote.  Healthcare for all.
Check out the website of Dean's opponent in 2018
Freshen up your resume Dean. You'll be out of a job soon.
Can't wait for your return to Las Vegas Senator....we need to talk.
Look mate, you're going to lose in 2018 either way. May as well retire with some dignity and vote against the Senate bill.
SHAME ON U!!!!!
So happy to hear he is better. Thank you for voting the right way. Please say NO to any repeal just fix ACA. Pres just wants Obama name gone
Maybe you should see about a spine replacement.
You're such a coward. You exempt yourself and your family from #trumpcare exclusions but the rest of us lose.
He's lucky to have healthcare. Hundreds of thousands of Nevada residents will lose healthcare thanks to you
Why do you care more about him than my mother, an average Nevadan, whose healthcare you just voted to take away? 
Awesome! The day would be EVEN BETTER if you promise not to vote for ACA repeal
You sold your soul.
Wonderful !!!  God Bless, now on to full recovery, you will be in my prayers
Good thing he had wonderful healthcare, isn't it? All people deserve same. You guys ARE NOT special.
Due to the fact that he has excellent Healthcare
something millions of people will loose if you don't 
stand strong against Republican Plan
you are a terrible person to put party over your nation and the health care of millions!
Got my credit card in my wallet ready to give another donation to Jacky Rosen today, thousands more are with me. What you going to do? Vt No
Ouch! 
You really do like to stick it to those who you just voted to strip health insurance from.
Steve, feel better!

Dean, you are a coward. Your name will only be remembered as such.
You are a traitor to all Americans, not just Nevadans.
So Heller will capitulate to Steve Wynn, Trump & elite right wing donors, while turning his back on Nevadans.
Heller on skinny repeal: "we'll see at the end of the day what's in it, but overall I think I'd support it."
That is great news! Please make sure the citizens you work for in NV have health care. Fix ACA and stop manipulating the market!!
It's good to know that he was able to focus on healing, rather than worry that his medical bills would bankrupt his family!
Yes that's GREAT NEWS we are all PRAYING for a speedy full recovery. We also are PRAYING. that you are Strong & Vote NO all of us in Nevada
Must be nice to have health care that's not being threatened to be taken away
He had great insurance.
YOU just voted to block tens of millions from seeing their doctor.
How do you guys sleep at night? HOW?!
All major medical assoc/orgs disagreed w/ repeal replace,  no hearings, Americans left in the dark & u voted yes.  Why? Win for Trump & GOP
Good thing he has great healthcare. How much did Wynn pay you to vote to strip millions of Americans of theirs? #Coward #VoteThemOut
So glad he had good healthcare. Now stand up for ours. #VoteNo
Glad he is doing well. God bless healthcare.  How are you going to vote?
Great News. You Sen Heller can make it even better to VOTE NO on this next HEALTHCARE BILL.
I bet you "wish" for the same good health for all Americans yet you continue to vote to take that away from them. Shame on you.
Now imagine that wasn't a member of congress with insurance that tax payers fund. You voted to take insurance from that person. #spineless
Sounds like he has good health care
As you vote to destroy America's healthcare system, one term Dean
So your for the skinny bill that will hurt many Americans that can not get healthcare like @SenJohnMcCain or @SteveScalise 
A really good news day would include you standing up against your party's efforts to take health care from millions people, Sen. Heller
well, isn't it lovely that he has such high quality health care. Wouldn't it be nice if everyone did?
If Heller, Congress, Senate and POTUS required to use same plan, it would be better.
Good thing he has #healthcare! #FixACA #SaveMedicaid
Mr. Heller these comments could have been positive but yet you chose to cast a vote that doesn't echo the voice of those that you serve.
Again, happy for the recovery of a paid public servant with lifesaving health care. DO THE RIGHT THING.
The right thing is finding a way to fix a broken system and not bankrupt Nevada at the same time.
Couldn't agree more with that statement, either. Thank you for today's vote.
Really good news today Nevada is planning on voting you out since you lied and sold us out over healthcare. #VoteHellerOut
Look, of course I wish him well, and abhor violence, but you guys have really let America down
So happy but wish this was bigger News instead of the President continuing to show he is deranged
Yes he was able to utilize great med benefits in his recovery.Just like the ones you've decided 300 mil Americans don't deserve. #Hypocrite
Wonder how much the hospital stay and rehab cost? Good thing he has heathcare otherwise this tragedy might have bankrupted him.

@GOP - Why do you need medical assistance?! Work harder!!
America- We are! Childcare 75% of min wage!
@GOP - We should lower minimum wage!
Must be nice to have great healthcare~
But is this really true? You lie now as easily as your master.
Good thing he has Obamacare!
Because he had access to healthcare.
Isn't it great that he has such good insurance?
He will get the best healthcare while you caved to trump supporting ways to take away from those who need it most. Disappointed in it vote
And let's not forget that he has a great health care plan. All Americans deserve the same.
He has a long road ahead, in a rehab facility. What a life changing trauma for him and his family.
Yes. We should remember that.
Did Steve Wynn tell you to tweet this, puppet?
Don't forget Adelson. Your bank account over your constituents!  They control you.  The legacy for your kids is party over country.
Go away please
THX 4 right vote yest, looking out 4 many like me getting DESTROYED by the worthless O-care plan that is a DISASTER. Fix it ASAP. Do ur JOB.
Two faced
So glad we could pay for his healthcare while you voted to strip us of ours. You're pathetic.
Steve Scalise got excellent health care @sendeanHeller. Older working people will NOT be able to AFFORD this under plans ur considering!!!!!
Good thing he got out before you and the @GOP and @POTUS take away everyone's health care.
Oh congress's healthcare isn't in jeapordy, just EVERYBODY else's.
Bet he had FAR Better HC then ur trying to pass for Nevadans!!!
Congress needs to have SAME HC as U Vote for "We the People"!!
The skinny repeal makes obamacare worse. Hurts millions. Vote no on skinny repeal
Must be nice to be able to have affordable healthcare. Something you voted to take away from the people who elected you.
What a joke!! Done of his staff can answer where he stands on pre existing conditions.  I wonder if he is going to get a job from Djt in 18
Too bad you sold your constituents down the river to get tax cuts for Sheldon Adelson and Steve Wynn.
Wait til he gets that obscene bill...oh wait.
