#NoDeanIn2018 #Trumpnazi 45 bought paid for you just like he's done everyone else get out of Nevada.
MR HELLER, POTUS SUPPORTERS ARE NOT GOING FOR YOU AND OTHERS NOT SUPPORTING HIS AGENDA, MESSAGE TO ALL OPPOSING REPUBLICANS, GET WITH HIM
OR LOSE IN YOUR REELECTION NEXT YEAR!
WE HAVE HAD IT WITH PAID FOR REPUBLICANS, THEY WILL BE VOTED OUT!
RUBIO, GRAHAM, FLAKE, SCOTT, GARDNER
POTUS HAS 63 MILLION WHO VOTED FOR HIM AND WERE NOT GOING TO STAND BY AND LET YOU ALL KILL OUR PRESIDENTS CHANCES OF MAKING AMERICA GREAT!!
Oh his punk-ass is out of there next year Democrats all the way man we got to come back people
Supprised you voted for the vets you being a phoney anti Trump anti conservative http://rino.You  need to be repealed/replaced.
Trump and Republicans Attack Veterans and Destroy  Pensions Stop with Your Republican Lies
Still no condemnation of POTUS& support of White Supremacists/Neo-Nazi's!Does he know something about ur own support of them? #ImpeachTrump
Integrity:I will have the moral courage to make my actions consistent with my knowledge of right and wrongJob27:5 Trump is wrong- #speakout
What will it take? @POTUS is a Nazi sympathizer. My father-in-law didn't go through horror fighting Nazis to have one sitting in the WH.
Explain the MANY sides of nazis and white supremacist! Ur lack of courage to call out trump is a disgrace! 45 emboldened racists
Breaking: There is no equivalence between neo-nazis and Americans who stand up to racists. @DeanHeller refuses to denounce trump #sad
a nazi who calls himself by any other name is still a nazi...

Hellers days are numbered as a Senator. We will vote him out in 2018. We Nevadans deserve so much better.
Hard to go to school if you're struggling w/PTSD & No access to healthcare. Your attempts at support are as fake as your Presidents tan
You also supported the repeal of the ACA. Dust off your resume buddy, because you're done as a US senator in 2018.



Nobody cares what you tweet. We know you voted to strip millions of healthcare including vets #VoteHellerOut #ExposeTheAltRight and trump
Your VA tune has only one very old verse.  But it's really just a dog whistle to the paper patriots in the nationalist wing of your party.
So well said. If you are excited about anything #littledon aka #Cult45 does, you are an #AltRight sympathizer until you publicly cut ties
Heller, Heller.....supporting white supremacy just isn't a prudent career strategy. Tsk tsk.
Great! I'm all in for you doing wonderful things for our vets, pretty pics and basically nothing else until your departure next year.
Good try, most of is furious over comments by #potus & fact that you & fellow congressmen don't hold him accountable..you're all shameful
Support Vets who fought fascism by removing white supremacists from the WH. Trump Bannon Gorka Miller. #ImpeachTrump https://twitter.com/Lilyachttty/status/896464203900264448 …
BREAKING: You STILL support a president who won't denounce racism and white nationalists. Have you grown a set yet & decided to oppose him?

Do you support @realDonaldTrump? What are you doing to stand against Nazis and protect American ideals?
Human Rights Campaign video: Trump is "unfit to serve." 
I thought you had a spine at one time.  You can't just stay silent you need to stand up and denounce that POS living in our house
#StandWithTrump #supportourpresident #maga #americafirst #trump2020 #Trumpismypresident
Two acts of terrorism this week, but trump says there r "many sides" and "very fine people on both sides" heller is weak & wont call out 45
Your bill does not protect vets from for-profit schools. Shameful
Trump’s “Forever GI Bill” won’t stop for-profit schools from preying on vets http://bit.ly/2v5aDVM  
Here are the people "very quietly protesting" according to trump! Heller is to weak to say trump condones racists !
This is who you support!! Bye 
Awww, look at u.Too little too late.U voted 4 #SkinnyRepeal, u hve yet 2 call out DT on his disgusting remarks. Bye, bye, bye #hellerout2018
Keep supporting Trump 100% in everything including healthcare, immigration and the tax plan and you might get re-elected.!
We all love Vets. You Heller are a COWARD! Afraid of what trump will do to you. Guess what we'll do more by voting you OUT! COWARD
Supporting @POTUS lately?  Your N Nevada campaign $'s drying up fast.
42 years as a Repub I left the party. If We had more Repub like you and Kasich I'd still be one. Can't support Donald or his supporters ever
Mr. Heller you might as well just stop posting. Nevadans will NEVER forget how you failed to represent us. Your days are numbered

WTF with all this VETS stuff? The general public needs basic things like healthcare. Your going down Heller - see you at the polls! B!

Still trying to deflect by wrapping himself in Vets.

Heller takes photos with white supremacists.

Awesome we do need to invest more in education. But I do believe that we need to work on how we go about educating our youth.
But you have yet to his bigotry!
As laudible as that is, what about taking a stance and expanding education benefits for ALL CITIZENS.

Deano Beano  you are soooooo screwed
Too bad it's not retroactive...
But this was already there! Why all the do overs?
You support killing millions of American's and now you don't denounce POTUS for his hatefilled Rhetoric.Bad idea voting yes on skinny repeal
You need to Separate from POTUS or suffer going down with the ship. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/mcconnell-anger-demonstrates-gops-trump-dilemma/ar-AAqde7m?li=BBnbcA1 …
I wish you could announce the repeal of obamacare. Sorry you didn't support that legislation.
P.S. Don't let haters get to you. Support the Economic agenda of PresTrump and stop Obama Care from further destroying medicine ACA failed!
Great work from our Senator! Thank you for sticking with it!
Why do you continue to align yourself with him?

Not this GI Bill 1992 NV Vet.
In case you haven't noticed there's not one positive response to your tweet your time in office is not going to last much longer

Potus is a disgrace to our country you should be more worried about impeaching him #impeach #Impeach45 #ImpeachTrumpNow #facist
Good work Senator
You are thanking a hate groups sympathizer.  You will be out if you can't stand up to him.  Remember he threatened you like a little kid.
IMPEACHMENT should take front and center in all your further dealings in the Senate this Potus has crossed the line n must go NOW!!!
Yes, covering his big ass! Not going to work!
BREAKING: By supporting Donald Trump you are supporting a lifelong racist.

The fact that you try to tout success with 45 is disgraceful.  He is a a false-president and you should run away.
This is great news, does that mean you will support the president and ACA repeal?

Good bye, Mr. Heller. I wish you would have supported keeping many many of us alive by voting to keep our healthcare.

After defending Nazis its the least he can do for disrespecting WWII veterans.
For @SenDeanHeller "BREAKING" is code for "change the subject." Can you find the courage to call out Trump's Nazi sympathies by name?

But you unnecessarily voted to take away healthcare from millions of others... #hellerout2018

Veterans fought against the Nazis- is there many sides to bigotry? Have the courage to speak out against trump- #DoSomethingGOP
Trump betrayed our greatest veterans that fought the Nazis. Stand up. #ImpeachTrump
Breaking: trump is a racist and you refuse to denounce his bigoted and despicable comments. You stand with trump and are Un-American. #weak
And you are a liar with a degree that makes you think you are smarter than anyone else.! Wrong.!
Do you also support his bigotry? His white supremacism? His hate? 
Booo! #sad when the @potus is a white supremacist  
Ok, that's great BUT WE WILL NOT GET BEYOND THE RACIST ASPECT & HE NEEDS TO GO!!!!!!!
Maybe U R One Also???
OK, Dirty Dean Heller, but what is your response to the allegation that you still suck?
That 1 mil McConnel gave you must cover all future nazi president support
We don't want to hear anything that you have to say until you hold @POTUS accountable for his racist remarks yesterday!  You are complicit!
Hey Dean because you took money to vote Yes on the deathcare bill a bunch of us decided that we need to repeal and replace you in 2018
Neo-Nazi enabler one-term Dean Heller
You are still the guy who voted to take healthcare away from everyone else, right? Ya, I thought so.

Who are slaves to the VA. And soon, thanks to you, we all will be slaves to Obamacare.
Looking forward to saying 'You're Fired' to you next year.
You work for and represent the PEOPLE, NOT for the POTUS.....  Your caved in your last vote.  Pitiful !
Sen U are as morally bankrupt as DJT!  The resistance will crush U if you don't renounce the Pres. U are complicit.@RealBradGarrett
You're losing in 2018.
Did he wear his Grand Wizard outfit??

Dean, you'll be going down in '18.  Slink on out of there
You are thanking someone who supports Nazis and who tried to kick millions off their healthcare. Shame on you!!
Why won't you stand up to Trump? Do you have any principles other than re-election?
Trump loves you, dean.
you're self-serving and disgusting dean heller
