You deserted your constituents when you stood behind that horrible health care bill. My family living NV won't vote go you again!
You shoud have stood by Nevada's people on the Senate HC VOTE!  Can wait till I can Vote
Bet you didn't warn them about your tanking approval rating, did ya?

Let me know how the talk about cowardly  selling out your values & soul while trying to remove your constituent's healthcare went.
Dump Dean in 18! He voted to take healthcare away from millions and raise insurance rates by 20% every year! #Shame!!
How about doing a TOWNHALL FOR YOUR CONSTITUENTS.  And, no, "tele-townhalls" don't count, Dean.  Sweet christ, man.
At a 22% approval rating, chances are, one of them could end up replacing your sorry ass in 15 months...
.

.

We are watching your VOTING RECORD closely

.

.
To bad they won't have a chance to learn from you.# disappointedvoter
Not even a good attempt at distraction, dude. We aren't going to forget how you voted against the people and caved to that clown. Own it.
22%
.teach them not to sell out Dean ur seat in senate is gone in 2018 u took healthcare from millions in NV #daysrnumbered
Work with the Dems! Stop with the Partisan health bill! You have a chance at salvation from the skinny repeal vote. People will forgive
You can resign now, Dean. Let Mark take a shot, if he listens to constituents he'll do much better. That's the job.
Vulnerable GOP senator's approval rating falls to 22 percent after ObamaCare repeal vote http://hill.cm/GflzSKX  
Were they part of the 22% that approve of your performance or the 55% that don't?
Look at all that diversity
I thought that was the same person copy-and-pasted four times. Dean-clones.
Tell the interns just what BETSY DE VOS does in public service to help the education of our NV children in public education.
Public Service? Don't you mean self service? Are you teaching them to lie and break promises like you? Give us a break and stop pandering!!!
How about meeting constituents, instead. https://twitter.com/RBReich/status/893125201239523328 … do the right thing. Hold a townhall.
Members of Congress are home for August recess. We need to keep up the pressure and hold them accountable! Some tips from @IndivisibleTeam: 
Heller youth rally


It's really disappointing how you voted on the healthcare bill.
Yours is almost over!!!
Pray they are not learning from you
Short term employment.  How will this really look on resume? Another greedy Republican?
.

.

Distance yourself, save your job!

Do what you promised!

.
You screw up these bi-partisan talks I will personally see you out the door. I'm voting your ass out in 2018.
Did You tell them why you voted to kick people off their healthcare? Did you ask them if any of them had exchange plans?
Did you ask them about their healthcare access? Parent's plan as provided by ACA? Do any have pre-existing conditions you'd exclude?
No females? No persons of color 
What are they learning?
.@DeanHeller's pledge to protect your health care was a lie. If you agree Nevada deserves better, join our campaign:
See you having to lean back. U know...cos your backbone is gone to shit.
Just saw your approval numbers.  Chris Christie level status there!
Neither of you can keep your word to your constituents! Yeah what a great example for your interns! #SaveTheACA @RosenforNevada Send Dean 
Resistance will be interning even more young people.We won't forget you tried to sentence thousands of Nevadans to death w/ Trumpcare votes.
Let's hope they have some courage.
Both Mark Amodei and Dean Heller will be voted out of office on November 6.2018
And learn who to vote against next election right spineless Heller?
More white men.........
Did you tell them that Honesty, Integrity, Keeping your word was the cornerstone of being on the public dole?
You are providing them with a wealth of knowledge should they choose to become 3 card monte dealers or timeshare sales
Mr Heller. That's great but what about fixing healthcare. You should be in congress getting this done. If not fixed, your out.
You also might want to educate them about real conservatism if you truly know what it is.
I think most are planning to replace you.
Make sure you tell them what happens when your voice in congress goes against your wishes.
How about voting yes on repeal!  You ran on it, now vote on it!
Man that's a diverse group of summer interns you have there sir! 
When are you going to have a #Townhall in #LasVegas?
Graham Cassidy bill is MEAN and strips protections! How do u talk out both sides of ur mouth #loser
You voted for the skinny repeal, breaking your promise to protect Planned Parenthood.
Wonder if you were teaching them how to be a RINO like you?
How about spending some time backing our President.
Did you welcome them into your bubble? Explain dodge and flip flop methods. But don't mention the 16 mil. that you voted to deny healthcare.
Get the youth away from @SenDeanHeller  please!
Whitest thing I've seen in a while
Funny you should be promoting public service after you voted to take away your state's healthcare. Sad man @SenDeanHeller
do you define 'public service' as caving to partisan demands??   (apparently so!)
Do they get healthcare with that position?
U caved to Trump's demand!!!!
Teaching them how to smoke-screen the little people while you serve the financial elites?
You are NOT a model. You have a lot to learn.
Please save  our youth from your wishy washy positions. .
... learn about service to the Koch Brothers." Fixed that for you.
You broke your promise. Enjoy your vacation. Thanks a lot for you have done to Nevadans. See you next year election. 
You guys sitting around talking about to steal Medicaid from indigent Nevadans and raise health premiums by 20% for the middle class?
Heller still won't meet with all his constituents. Scared to hear what we have to say?  chicken
Does that come with medical insurance
How about a town hall meeting with your constituents?
Why did d you chicken out of voting your conscience on Trumpcare? Are you scared of Steve Wynn?
Oh hey Mr 22%. What are your legislative goals before being removed from office in 16 months?
Wow, Senator you sure take a beating on Twitter. Your yes vote on repeal with no replace was a huge mistake. I will vote to replace you in18
Did you tell them about how you co-sponsored a healthcare bill arguably worse than the ones you voted against?
Reading Cassidy-Graham, surprised at how much it does to dismantle ACA. Goes much further than AHCA, BCRA. 

https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/8/1/16074746/cassidy-graham-obamacare-repeal …
Hey interns!!! Don't get cozy! Those two are out soon!!! Js! #CountryB4Party these fools do not show!! 
Did you tell them to vote for @RosenforNevada ?
Nevada is already boiling over—brutal digital spot on @DeanHeller's healthcare dance from @RepJackyRosen > https://youtu.be/uYXMVpKxPPo 
How do you justify to young GOP that it's okay to back that pussy grabbing, lying president of yours?
Do public service lessons include ignoring your constituents and removing their ability to access good healthcare? Suppressing public needs?
you could teach them how Wynn has your ear
All white men! They look like Mormons. Not very diverse.
Hope you taught them how to try to take away health care from people who most need it. Also, how to listen to big donors.
Yeah but if they want to learn about making money at the public tit they need to talk to @MaxineWaters @DWStweets and the like. #Nevadans
Both of you threw your constituents under the bus. #TrumpCare
22%!
Do they know you voted to cut them off their parents' healthcare insurance?
I suppose cautionary tales are valuable lessons, too.
Did you teach them the virtues of taking 10 positions on an issue and to contradict themselves after a billionaire donor threatens them?
"Here's how it works: billionaires give me money and tell me what to do, and I do it"
