Thank you 4 NOT voting 4 Bill! Time 2 WORK with Dems 2 fix problems with ACA! Make it BETTER; don't TRASH IT!
You're wacked, Dems will not work to fix healthcare. They want to ride the issue until they get socialized medicine then we are all screwed!
The United States is the ONLY industrialized country in the WORLD that DOESN'T PAY their citizen's healthcare!
That does not make it a good idea. If it did then claims would skyrocket (they're free!), malpractice claims would too (deep pockets!)
Funny thing; it hasn't happened in other industrial countries.Great Britain,Germany, Australia. trump complemented Austrailia's Healthcare!
First, U.S. is far bigger than most of these. Second, others don't have insane malpractice laws and a party beholden to trial lawyers.
You've got this democrats vote and undying loyalty.  Thanks for having a pair Sir.
Not for a second do I believe he is picking up Democrat votes with his moronic position. But he IS losing Republican votes like mine.
You would be wrong
From my experience though democrats will appreciate his stance and then vote for his democrat challenger next time. It's a given.
Not true.  Democrats walk a much closer line to Independant than Republicans.  That's a fact, not pure speculation.
My read on at least the national level is that Democrats are trending more to the left (Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren) not moderate.
Everybody on both sides needs to slow things down some and stop with the threats and name calling.  It solves nothing.
It would help if everyone understood that there is no perfect healthcare system that meets everyone's needs at a low cost.
thank you for listening. i know your choice will be hard. we will remember you being thoughtful.
How did you get your special invite? What about the rest of us kept in the dark?
i did not attend this event but i have written to him and gotten a reply. i appreciate that he is 'Nevadans first' when most are party first
Study his record. It is party first always, then old white guys and the rest of Nevadans last.
the senator is GOP and nevada is a 50/50 red/blue state. he represents a lot of our neighbors beliefs. in this particular case, i would...
..rather encourage him to continue his resistance than to blindly follow the party. as one of very few GOP senators that even paused to...
consider what the bill will mean every day for the people he is supposed to represent. if he votes for it, i will not forget.
Thank You for being a "No" vote on Trump's health care bill.  Nevadans like myself  appreciated it. More GOP Senators like you are needed.
Now if we can only repeal & replace Trump with someone who is a mature honorable heroic adult that would really make America great again.
We need more  Republicans in the mold of Theodore Roosevelt or Abraham Lincoln. Theodore Roosevelt battled people like Trump and kicked ass.
#HellerVoteNo DO not Flip-Flop like @MarkAmodeiNV2 Last minute wrangling is ANTI-NEVADA.
Senator Hellen we are counting on you to not buckle to big money donors and instead protect our HC. VOTE NO AGAIN PLEASE
And sorry for the typo in your name.  Unforgivable. ..
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/881140479454310401 … This is a critical issue. A huge mental health problem in the West Wing. If this is winning, I want be losing again.
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
I am one who's heart is broken for close friends and family members worried for their health & livelihood. Pls think people B4 party!!
We'd love to see you for an in person town hall during your upcoming recess.
Good luck on that! He won't meet us, we don't pay him as much as his donors do.
REPEAL NOW!!! Many rural counties are now without coverage. Time to REPEAL this program is a disaster.
Looking for a place to Thank you for putting country first and WAITING for a good healthcare bill. People will remember you did right thing
Washoe county voter #VoteNoAHCA #SaveOurCare #weAreBetterThanThis #NevadaMatters
Thank you Senator Heller for having our backs.
Dean, you know the Republicans must pass this right? It's about control and momentum. You either take it or the Dems keep it!
This is about people's lives and their health at stake not about Republican vs Democrat you heartless fool
I was not in on it Dean,  how about a in person town hall, oh I know why, your scared of your constituents,  why??
Reported added money for drug abuse laudable but utterly insufficient. Tens of millions will still lose healthcare coverage. No!
Please put the lives of Nevadans, & Americans (& my sister) first. Honestly work with Democrats to fix the ACA for the good of the Country
Will you ever hold a real town hall? Attended by actual people?
Please listen!!Single payer is best, but Trumpcare is a disaster.Medicaid expansion must be preserved.#HellerVoteNo
Thank you @SendeanHeller!!!  I am following you now because you have renewed my faith in our government.
from this Dem I say thanks for being a leader with integrity - things for all can improve with that for a starting place!!
Thank you for standing your ground on this healthcare disaster. Please continue to stand for us not the party.
Enjoy your failing system that will be dead in one or two years. What will you do then? Socialized medicine no doubt. Then, bankruptcy.
You obviously did not read GOP bill.It targets $$$$ to stabilize ins markets that could fix ACA now
Except stability is not what Obamacare is about. The purpose is to wreck private healthcare to force move to single payer. It's obvious.
The purpose is to provide quality healthcare to max # Americans in face of greedy GOP blocking that
There is no quality healthcare when you have no providers. And disappearing providers started long before Trump!
And the Senate bill won't bring them back.  AMA firmly against it
https://twitter.com/townhallproject/status/881638492727459840 … Heller, you don't represent Nevada.  Sellout!
Democratic members of Congress have 43 town halls scheduled this recess. Republicans? Just 7. http://townhallproject.com 
I have asked and written to you multiple times to be part of these events. You hand-pick who u talk to - BUBBLE? How r u reaching out?
#HellerVoteNo please stick to your guns stick to your no vote on #AHCA
We admire your courage. #HellerVoteNo #NoTrumpCare
Vote "no" on healthcare plan. Let it fail. Reach across aisle and work for all Americans. Please!!!
Is there a recording? Why don't you tweet when the next one is happened? How can we listen or ask questions?
Taking back the Medicaid overpromise will be painful , is there way to save it within budget? #healthcarereform
I'd like to know what's in the damn health care bill for starters.
Please don't let yucca mtn pass. 30 years ago when first planned we didn't have 2 million people
Great! Just make sure you don't vote for the horrible Trumpcare. Resist. If it has to change, let it change for the better, not worse.
You better be a NO on Trumpcare and not go back on your word or you are finished as a Senator in Nevada!
Obamacare is flawed but the senate proposal is worse. Build something that works for EVERYONE
How do you feel about your own party threatening you with ads?
Glad to see you have the backbone to hear out your constituents instead of hiding from them.
This bill is not the answer.
Vote No.
Well you can be voted out by republicans too!
Sick of working 2 jobs for people that think they are entitled to healthcare without paying a dime. Tax payers are paying for fraud & abuse!
I want my healthcare back to the way it was before Obama lied about being able to keep your plans. Sick of this BS! Fix healthcare!
Medicaid only cuts waste and abuse no one is dying like the liberals would like u to believe talk to Dr. Seigel from Mt. Sinai
I wasn't invited!
For once stand your ground and do what is right for your constituents - vote NO on the health care bill.
#TrumpCare = 98% ACA, Hippocratic Oath: 1st, Do no harm!
#Bible #Truth #Constitution #Liberty #FreeEnterprise #UnitedForFreedom #FullRepeal
Too many NV seniors depend on Medicaid to help supliment assisted living costs for you to vote yes on the HC bill. People before party.
I am still waiting for an invite to one of these. I have asked your staff Monday for one, because you won't meet us in person. Transcripts?
I missed it I wish I was there wish you would get on board with health care.
How about IN PERSON TOWNHALL for ALL Constituents NEXT WEEK while you're here for July 4th. LAS VEGAS NEEDS A TOWNHALL MEETING WITH YOU!
I guess only Reps were invited, it would be great if he invited Dems as well.  Heller vote NO on Trumps Health Kill, I mean Care, Bill
Discussion has a different meaning. Here let me help:
Key words "exchange ideas" "conversation"
THANK YOU for standing up for Americans with bi- partisan efforts to improve not destroy US healthcare
How can you claim to represent Nevadans if you don't offer notice of these meetings? No on AHCA,  #InvestigateTrumpRussia
Vote no on AHCA! Vote yes on public townhall meetings with prior notice. isn't there some kind of public disclosure required for them?
Funny, twitter feed says "In case you missed it." Hey, @DeanHeller why the heller do you not teller us about these meetings? Disgraceful!
Why did you not let us know about the town hall? I would have been there. I have some questions for you.
Please continue to stand up and vote "NO" on #TrumpCare!
Stay strong, Senator!  Healthcare bill is harmful to  Americans! THANK you!
Specialists not accepting HMO coverage that I pay about $450/mo for. Insurance system here is broken. Need cross-state purchase options (2)
Still recovering from brain surgery & I implore you to vote yes on HC. Nevada ins options 4 indiv plans R horrible. No longer offer PPO. (1)
Thank you Senator Heller for reaching across the aisle to say you will work on healthcare for ALL of the US citizens!! We appreciate you!!
Once again, most NV constituents had no idea about this and no way to get call in. Why don't you tweet a call in number next time?
So true! I never hear about these until after the fact but I get fundraising emails from him.
Don't allow yourself to be threatened & bullied. trump has no idea of how to act presidential. He knows how to lie, distract.
I am not a constituent but you give me faith in our Democracy for sacrificing party politics and doing what is right for Nevada and USA
Do the right thing, ppl before party. Your constituents will love you and don't you represent the people. Save ACA and Medicaid
*Coward*
Senator Heller, please stand with Americans and not McConnell's strong arm tactics. #HellerVoteNo
I am a Dem that will vote for the good man regardless of party! You show your true colors & they are rare! You have my vote #HellerVoteNo
#hellerVoteNo
People over party!
Stand your ground trump and his PAC should not threaten you for doing what is right for your constituents
Nevada and the entire country is behind you. Stand your ground and vote NO to Trumps #WealthCareBill #HellerVoteNo
Here’s a radical idea: Why not try to find a bipartisan solution to health care? Fix #ACA
What did you get out of the discussion? Where do you stand?
Why don't you hold an in-person town hall here?
i've been very critical of you in past, but very happy & supportive of your NO on current senate #wealthcare bill.  THANKS!!
please vote no on trumpcare I just had to leave my job as a teacher due to MS. Medicaid now. This doesn't end for us
Thank you for standing strong against socialized healthcare. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #KeepYourPromise
All these these people singing your praises now- 99% NOT from NV. I'm a Clark County R urging you to work with your party. WE put u there.
Please hold an actually town hall.  Stop hiding behind a phone.  Meet with us Senator.
You, sir, are a LIAR!!

#Nevada #NevadaGrit #VoteHellerOUT #PeopleOverParty #Resist
Keep fighting for your constituents and we all win
To pass this bill. Cos Obamacare is heading in a very disastrous path. Its gonna hurt so many Americans if you don't do something.
All try to work on it to find the balance and solution and til you found a common ground in what's good for the American people.but you have
What's the schedule for these? I want to attend but keep getting called out of the blue. Would be nice to be able to plan.
The same fate. So many states have been left with only one or two insurance carrier choices. The current bill may not be perfect but you can
DONT LET THE BULLIES IN DC CHANGE YOUR MIND.  WE NEED YOUR VOTE AGAINST THE HEALTHCARE BILL.  IT IS A KILLER BILL!!
how come I know nothing about these secret phone conversations? Are they real? Why is the public kept from them
Obamacare had increased our family premium of $535 to 1575 a month. Who can afford that. Had to let it go. So many people going through the
Thank you for your stance on health care !
To them. You have to make wise decision.
Libertarian in NV and I stand with you on healthcare decision. Stand strong. We don't let attack ads stop us, we are battle born!
Yes thank you Mr. Heller for listening to your real constituents. A lot of the people in this thread are out of state democrats.Don't listen
I am a Republican and say vote YES! We do not want to be known as a Welfare State. Medicaid is for the destitute.
You're a bleeding heart Democrat. No support for the American Worker. Be honest and make progress. Typical politician.
Thank you for pushing back on the healthcare bill!
You will be voted out next year
Tell the "bullies" YOUR STATE HAS YOUR BACK! Your J. O. B. IS NOT in jeopardy!What's RIGHT is what's RIGHT! VOTE NO. Tell bullies kiss off!
thanks for opposing Trump non-care....
Thank you for standing up to a horrific health care bill.  Integrity counts - you just got re-elected.
Tell the BULLIES to agree to take the SAME HEALTHCARE ~~~ in WRITING for themselves and THEIR FAMILIES!
SIR~ DO NOT LET THEM BULLY YOU! WE HAVE YOUR BACK! And I'm a Dem. DOING WHATS RIGHT, has its rewards! VOTE NO!
COURAGE!!!! Keep it!
 stay strong, good man!
Thank you for putting country before party!
Are any in person town halls scheduled over the July 4th recess? I would love to attend.
I'm from Georgia..but wanted to say Thank you!
NO trumpcare! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #UnitedforFreedom!
Oppose TrumpCare!!
Vote yes! Medicaid is not being gutted it is going back to the states!
Senator, I don't know whatPresident Trump told you yesterday but nothing could be more important than ensuring Nevadans get good health care
TY Senator Heller for putting the people of Nevada and their healthcare ahead of politics!  We appreciate you standing up for us! 
Thank you for supporting your constituents
TY SIr for being thoughtful and kind in your decision. It is clear you represent your state and its people rather than your own interests
your vote on health care was a brave one.  You chose integrity.  Kudos.
Fundandmently WRONG to mandate that an average Joe to have insurance This is about control not your health vote yes or I vote No for you.
Stay strong , Nevada is proud of you!
I live in New Zealand but am registered in NV and if you don't get behind Trump on healthcare you can kiss my vote GOODBYE! Wake up.
He is part.of the reason I began a rep after 40 yrs being a dem 
As long as Sen Heller takes care of us I will vote for him
Thank u Senator
You are a shining light in the murky political muck. It is reassuring to know that there is a GOP lawmaker, You, that is Awake. #Trumpcare

You all know he's going to sell out the people he serves because of politics right??? #GrowASet
there's 9 of you now don't let Mitch push his republican garbage! Or let trump gut OBAMACARE! C I said it! The world stands!
Let no one have health insurance then because you will hack every Obamacare but no where to use it! Good luck with that!
thanks for saying no to healthcare and standing your ground to a president and a WH that isn't a 100% accurate at all!
Well I lost my insurance and job due to Obamacare but no one is talking about that!
Bravo!
Stay strong , don't let them bully you .... what a disgrace they are 
Good! Do the right thing! 24M++ plus & plus People will remember YOUR vote!!!
Don't cave to those bullies at the WH or that demon McConnell.
Well then, by all means "May the force be with you"!!!
Stick with it Dean. Your neediest constituents are counting on you!
Thank you @SenDeanHeller for working with & listening to the American people. Thank you for standing up for us & healthcare. We need you. <3
Congratulations for being the lead on opposing kicking 22 million Americans off health insurance. The whole country appreciates it.
Those are the fraudulent and those that choose not to buy health insurance they do not want!  This is a choice this is still America!
Thank you for your strength! 20 million souls and much more wholeheartedly thank you. America has another hero! God bless.
Thank you for having the true grit to stand up for what's right
Please have a public town hall. The phone ones are too scripted.

Retweeted Scott Dworkin (@funder):

Watch this.

…
@SenatorCollins I work in a hospital where we save thousands of children insured by ACA-Thank you for saving these kids!
When do we get an in person #townhall in #vegas ?
Grow a pair, and face us like a man next time!
Did the ad work? Did you swear an oath of loyalty to Trump? #trumpcare is #hybridwarfare #trumpcareishybridwarfare
#HellerVoteNo Stay strong, AHCA is wrong 4 NV. Hope to get picked for next TH, but don't worry I'll keep calling you!
And a phone town hall isn't a town hall. It's a conference call and you can be silenced!
Not in Nevada and not a Republican, but just want to say THANKS for your stance against the non-Health bill. BRAVO.
When are you having your next live in-person Town Hall?
Thank you for being a principled republican willing to stand strong against this tragic healthcare bill. We support you! #UnitedForFreedom
You flipped when Trumpers threatened to run campaign ads against you. You are a coward.
Thank you Senator Heller for supporting your state and constituents by voting AGAINST Trumpcare.
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket Vote  NO to #SwampCare!!  #UnitedForFreedom  Thank you!!
#HellerVoteNo
I'm a Nevada Republican who asks you to please, Senator Heller, remember...People Before Party. #HellerVoteNo
A nice sentiment but who cares what RR would have liked? He was not a NV citizen. NV citizens don't like this bill! #HellerVoteNo #BCRA
Please work to pass the healthcare bill. Unfortunately Obamacare was severely flawed.
please keep all of your constituents in mind. Vote NO on Trumpcare. Work with democrats to fix Obamacare.
Wish you and Sandoval would worry more about CCSD. Seriously you guys need to get rid of the school board and all the admin and start over.
Don't cave and vote for Trumpcare. Nevadans will be out of healthcare and you will be out of a job.
Please give information as to how to join your telephone town halls.  I would like to be included.
THANK U Senator 4 listening 2 what the people had 2 say. Please keep choosing well being of all Americans over unnecessary tax cut for rich.
Vote no on TrumpCare!
Way to stand up to lousy healthcare bill though it is a shame that Medicaid voting public is holding us hostage in Clark County
You oppose it because you are up for reelection. You only care about yourself
Great. Now come down and do one in person
Only the Strong Survive! Bravo on your doing the Right thing Plz #RealignObamacare #TrumpNonCare  #HealthcareBill is a Disaster for #America
Amen to that. I am not a registered Republican, but applaud you for simply standing up and doing the right thing. #PeopleB4Party.
Plz wait for the bill to be revised and edited.
To a point where it's an improvement
As often as I call your offices, I would think I should be on the list for your phone calls. Why aren't I?
Thank You for listening sir.
I'm a registered supporter and republican and I did not get a call. Has everyone lost their mind. Obama care is a disaster.
I live in Clark County! It would be nice to get a better heads up on this, or did you just send the notice to special people!

No ACA repeal - FIX the ACA. This is not over!  You still have not had a town hall!
How about a face to face in Vegas?
You need to remember what the people of Nevada want. Don't pull the carpet out when you return to Washington!
You know what was awesome?! The automated call I ANSWERED that said sorry you missed me, maybe I can hear it all next time... 
Support repealing Obamacare
Congratulations on being the lead voice in the @GOP to come out against a terrible healthcare bill. You're doing the right thing.
You are still a no vote on #GOP #BCRA? I'm RT all these compliments and want to make sure you're still on the side of the people
If you let an attack ad get you to negotiate on an immoral bill, you are a coward. #NoAHCA
Sen Heller....need your help.  I am a Vietnam veteran and got sick. Called 911 for st rose..sent me an $ 11,000 bill. Help me. Carl curcio
Does anyone really think that his decision is based on the welfare of his constituents?
Do Your Job! Get with the Trump program
Please vote against BCRA. It's an unconscionable bill that will ruin people, result in more bankruptcies, and destroy the economy. #SaveACA
I bet your constituents would prefer in person mtg. They maybe wee but pissed off. RT if U agree Nevada.
Thanks for having courage to represent your constituents over your party!
How can I join? I'm never invited.
