Keep telling yourself that. You might even start believing it. #yesyourearacist
#liberalsareidiots
A hashtag? That's all you got? #Repulitards=ZEROItelect. There. That should satisfy your 8th grade mentality
Considering you're a 12 year old you should understand you people are all the same
@AC360 Stop Speaking Out w/Fake @SenateGOP ReElection Statements! #25thAmendment Your Nazi Supporting @POTUS ! A Woman Died due to Nazi Hate
It's amazing how much hate is coming from the left...  yet the right gets blamed for it.
Ok, so the "left" drove a car through a crowd of people and killed someone? neo-nazis and white supremacists caused the violence in VA.
Should we keep score?  I would say illegal immigrants killing Americans because of Sanctuary City laws counts as violence from the left.
What is the score? How many immigrants commit murder? How many citizens and legal residents commit murder? Bet the first is smaller % by pop
How many domestic violence incidents committed by "Christians?" Murders committed by "Christians?" Murders in the name/god @ abortion clinic
It's time for you and the rest of @GOP to address this to @realDonaldTrump directly.  He's obviously sending a different message.
Damn right

Right, tell that to Mayor, she is already talking shit about our President, She being hateful, or prejudice!
Say his name. Trump is a life long racist & all of you republicans in congress continue to support him. You are supporting evil!

Still Heller refuses to condemn Trumps words. You are the shameful and unacceptable one Dean. You will be replaced in 2018.
I hope whoever runs your twitter shares our comments. You, sir, are going down in history as NOTHING. Just another greedy and weak old man.
Trump is #NotMyPresident he needs to be called out! The bully can dish it but can't  take it. Show courage!  Trump has emboldened hate.
what about if the Nazis say they are just doing it for gibbles
Impeach

You are the epitome of everything evil in the world.  I hope you spend your time in hell next to Trump.
And there is no room for a racist presidnet in our country. #ImpeachTrump
and yet u voted 4 t-rump.

@TheLeadCNN @DeanHeller Still "Does Nothing"! Makes a Fake ReElection Statement about Racism, Allows a KKK Loving @POTUS to Destroy America.
So what are you going to do about our President?
Bannon will get shot when he is playing baseball, Just like the other joker
And you had dinner with him.

Guilty by Association
SAY HIS. NAME!!Without saying his name you are as complicit.This is your guy-you backed him every step of the way-from grabbing women to now
Curious.. You avoided using White Supremacist, Neo-Nazi, what side of "many sides" are you condemning? USE THE WORDS!!  #Chalottesville
@realDonaldTrump response was unexceptionable. Not presidential and and not American. He must be stopped!!!
He called Mexicans rapists and criminals when running and now he's siding with nazis. You and your party are racists
Will you stand against him when he looks you in the eyes?
The Nazi in Chief is named Donald Trump... say the words Senator.....
It's time to stand up for America and disavow this president and thank you for stopping to talk to us today#indivisibleowlslv
Call him out then.
It is past time to disavow #NAZiTRUMP Your silence is worse than posing for pictures with Nazis. This is unAmerican. #chooseyourtorch
Call it what it is white domestic terrorism!!!
Then why did you vote for a man who advocates for all of this, as well as grabbing women by the pu$$y?  Your words are empty.
Just a re-tweet. Lame. Hate has no place in this world. I stand with the peaceful who #resist hate and #resist Trump's adminstration.
Redeem yourself, sponsor the implementation of article 25.
Distance yourself from Trump. It doesnt look good on Nevada
Thats it? Thats all the outrage you feel?
Just as well...dont want to attract any unwanted attention.
Annnnd here's a photo of Peter Cvjetanovic (angry torch guy) with U.S. Sen. @DeanHeller  #GoodNightAltRight #YesYoureRacist
Unless you can SAY THEIR NAMES this statement is just bullshit.

Trump
Bannon
Miller
Gorka

#ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump after today's racist support from trump, will u finally stand up to his bigotry!
So do something about the potus.  U r complacent by allowing him to continue his hate speak
And yet you stand with the person who incites it.  Talking out if both sides of your mouth won't save you next year. #havecourage
Can you please take action instead of words... Tark supports the white supremacist views of Trump.
Your ignorant prez just showed his true nature as a racist nazi!
This nothing but #emptyrhetoric until you #denounce  Trump's comments from today. We cannot have a Senator who supports a #NaziSympathizer
THEN GET RID OF THIS PRESIDENT, BANNON ETC!!!!!!!! ENOUGH!!!!!!!!!!
Good day for #DeanHeller to finally admit he voted for Trump. I guess he supports a white supremacist & p**** grabber as President
There were TWO SIDES as the President said. Your already on thin ice wil your voters. You better start doing & saying The right things!
Stand up to your president then, coward.
loling that he didn't even bother to write a new tweet today, he just retweeted his other one. his staff has given up
When will you repudiate the comments made today by Trump? You must do it.
So you all going to pressure him yet?  Not hearing congress acting together on this.
When are you going to call out your POTUS for the insanity of blaming everyone but the neo-Nazis and white supremacists!
We already know what your statements are worth: zero.
tell that to your best friend's face.  if gop doesnt stand up to him you are complicit.
Please .@SenDeanHeller - I am a democrat realizing we have no standing in this admin. so I plead with you PLEASE REIN IN @POTUS. HELP maga
Guess hitting RT is easier than typing something new and denouncing white supremacists by name 
Agreed. Perhaps it's time to step up and lead the impeachment proceedings for the GOP.
Just a retweet of yourself? The president doubles down on his lies and you won't bother to put effort into condemning it?
Then impeach this crazy racist! @realDonaldTrump is insane!
Do something with the orange clown will you?
Senator, TY 4 stating Amer. values. This discord will not end 'til every MofC makes clear no President can unravel our nation with prejudice
but u enabled him by voting to take health care from millions which many minorities depend on for health insurance--the sheets have come off
Hot retweet take
Your one sided bullshit for Talking points was called out today by @POTUS There were 2 violent groups
Yo, GOP! Ball's in your court, rein in your clown or destroy your party. Muzzle this nitwit and toss him out of the WH.
You supported @potus.  Therefore you also support nazis and white supremacy. You're disgusting.
SO - MEANS YOU ARE condemning Antifa for hatred & violence & BLM for racism, hatred & violence!? Antifa & BLM have blood on their hands!
so heller, ARE YOU GOING TO CHANGE?!
CONDEMN POTUS
Hey. haven't I seen you posing with a neo-nazi? This statement falls even shorter than your reelection bid will.
Yes and what have u done to stand up to this? Nothing!
There's plenty of what you say on twitter!!! It is shameful, I wish ppl would get another mindset
Your elected exhibited all that & more.  Next move: GOP!!
Denounce the president's hateful and divisive comments now. He's destroying your party and our country.
Thank you Senator, now please put those words into action.
I'd say to tell trump, but you'd be wasting your breath.  If you meant this, you'd call for his impeachment
Impeach the Nazi sympathizer, get Putin agenda out of WH. Is GOP fascist?
tell that to Anifa and BLM.
So what do you plan on doing about it?  You caved on healthcare, you'll probably cave to your #NaziPotus
Senator, the sooner u oust Trump, the sooner u can start the clean-up work. Please do it for the sake of humanity.
Then why is it in the White House??
From all sides or do you, like the media pick your sides?
Please SHOW US that there's no room for it. Work to rid @GOP of racism in membership and policy... #actionsspeaklouderthanwords
about as good as Trump   that is to say.   weak tea.
"There's no room for it" he says. But you are in a room with them. #Charlottesville
Then STAND UP TO TRUMP!  He has these people in his White House.  #FireBannon #FireMiller #FireGorka.
Say it to the president's face please
You need to stand up and be a leader of your state and quit voting in line to appease trump. It's time to vote to better your constituents
Good people of Nevada deserve better than cowardly YOU @SenDeanHeller You stand with Trump, you stand with this 
"As a means to an end"????
Me too. Noted Dimwit of the Senate @SenDeanHeller screws up Oxford comma, subject-verb agreement, and chokes on calling out Nazi terrorists.
violence is not a means to an end????
Then why do u n your cronies keep us in war and throw away victories as fast as we can secure them?
meanwhile at a Trump rally at MSG
You have supported trump and his hate filled language and vulgar behavior! You remain silent which is tacit approval #weak
Trump has spent years spreading hate &violence against Muslims, women and immigrants- Heller has been silent! Ur moral outrage is fake news
Learn how to spell Bear Arms
Hmmm I don't see you condemning the groups that actually killed..say it with me Dean,I condemn the KKK,white nationalists and Nazi's c'mon!
Looks like old Heller has the same PR hacks who wrote the weak @unevadareno statement. Racism all OK as long as not it's means to an end.
Actually Dean, there seems to be lots of room in today's @GOP for racism, hatred, and violence! Trump & McConnell both practice it! #BigTent
You voted to confirm Jeff Sessions; you made a racist attorney general. You made room for racism in this country.
Hmmmmm

"in this country" means the White House too, right? #FireBannon #FireMiller #FireGorka oh and good ol' boy #Sessions must go too
And yet you are rubbing elbows with the white supremacists, apparently they think you are one of them
Can you call them out for what they are homegrown terrorist
You and your party feed white supremacists with words and actions. Own. It.
Senator Heller what are you doing about NVs HealthCare problem.
If you look at my email from a couple of weeks ago. It was pretty prophetic. Stop supporting this buffoon!
Except is the party platform in the @GOP now. As long as you're a republican, you're supporting the #whitesupremacists.
This is not actually a condemnation of racism or hatred. You're saying you're a white nationalist in theory but not in practice?
You must not have read the GOP platform!
Mr. Heller are you a Nazi?
Seems like there's lots of room for it in the WH. Based on your silence, bought by McConnell and others, seems your ok with it. #goodlapdog
NAME THE GROUPS THEN? Or are you afraid of your Nazi and white supremacist voters?
This is absurd. Who are you condemning and why? And what "end"? Are you suggesting white supremacy is the end?
Demand Trump fire the white supremacists in the WH if you want us to trust you.  Gorka.  Miller. Bannon. They must go.
What kind of hatred are you thinking about specifically? Particularly this weekend, regarding Charlottesville. Anything specific?
Trump put Nazis in the White House. You support his policies and approve his nominations. There's blood on your hands Dean. We won't forget.
The DOJ only focuses on Muslim Terror organizations. Until that is changed, every law makers posts are in vain.
...unless you're the governor of a state that specializes in hookers, gambling and meth labs. #charlotesvilleKKK
#Hypocrite don't pretend to be something you are not! Nevada has no place for this kind garbage.
You're a Nazi.
Support our President Trump

The angry torch bearing Nazi is Peter Cvjetanovic, student of the University of Nevada, that's him taking a picture with @SenDeanHeller.

How about DENOUNCING the white supremacist's...but they donate to your election,don't they?
Hope you back this up with action. That photo of u and white supremacists will come handy next election.
Call out white nationalism and the Nazi's. Your statement is lame, generic pablum
No mention specifically of white supremacists?! Wow. People will remember the photo of you with one of them.
@RepDonBeyer This is not someone I would follow.
You do know that trump & co. love this & encourage it. This is the slime that you voted with and turned your back on us!
Why "as a means to an end?" Shouldn't it just simply be unacceptable? Encouraging genocide goes a bit beyond free speech sen.
How about hypocrisy Dean??
You are consistently complicate and encouraging of this behavior. This neo-nazi terrorism is something YOU harbored and reward for years.
You pass legislation that empowers neo-nazis, and you have the audacity to seem surprised that this happens?  Your tweet isn't action
Friend of yours?
Why were you in a photo with a Neo Nazi ? Please explain.
@POTUS needs to lead and condemn the violence.  @BarackObama had an appropriate response.
@POTUS needs to condemn the violence.  He is not doing his job.
You should condemn most of the White House. The majority of them are everything you said and more. Dump Trump.
It is terrorism, say it
There's no room? I don't think it's a space issue.
You are same POS who was laughing on Senate floor as you voted to rip Healthcare away from MILLIONS...we see exactly WHO u are.
Too bad there's plenty of room for it in your meet-and-greets:
 
"As a means to an end"? What does that mean? What's the "end"??
No. Nazis and white supremacist have no business in our country.
On the leafy and right. What are the Senate hiding by not going after Antifa?
So the end is acceptable to you, just not the means? Cause you know, the end for these people is fighting the civil war over again.
Very true senator Heller
Stand up AND speak out against your leader and your party. Choose to do the right thing.
You were more than happy to pose with a neo Nazi when it suited your purpose
Oh look, it's neo Nazi Peter Cvjetanovic with @SenDeanHeller (R-NV) 
How about "this was a white nationalist terror attack"?? Time to grow a spine, Senator.
So do something about your parties administration that is clearly pro division and racial animosity.
This doesn't go nearly far enough.

Hold @POTUS accountable. Call out nazis, radical white supremacists, domestic terrorism.
Man, shut up. This shit is just a manifestation of the president/policies you support. #midtermsarecoming
https://www.scoopnest.com/user/YesYoureRacist/896502810971426818-this-angry-young-man-is-peter-cvjetanovic-a-student-at-unevadareno … might want to check on your youth.
Your rubber stamp goes on this too. You're all in.
You and your @GOP colleagues need to speak out against @POTUS. He courted&empowered this white supremacist domestic terrorism. Call him out.
Is this guy a friend of yours?
You support it everyday. This tweet is not action.
These are Friends of Trump (FOT) part of his base and cabinet. #ResistFOT
I agree. I also believe working together with the poltical party to which you belong is a good way to promote unity.
You need to OWN this. You are part of the problem, along with the other GOP, supporting Trump's message of hate. Not standing up against it
Your condolences are great, but speak out against the alt right who foster such hatred.
