Heller is a liar! June 23 he vowed to protect Medicaid, flip flop

Nevada Senator Dean Heller's flip-flop-flips on health care are the epitome of why people hate politics in 2017 
Vote No on repeal and replace . Be pro bipartisan.. Get a round table ...  You could win back our vote !!
Your a lying hypocrite. You could care less about your constituents healthcare. All you care about is your rich donors.
Mr. Heller my family is counting on you for a yes in congress!! We're good servers in Reno with 30hrs not enough for coverage- killing us!!!
Reject Graham-Cassidy!
Where are you on the new healthcare bill? asking for a friend
NO, No more giving free health care to strong very able but unwilling people to work, I know of many with free care, that abuse the system.
@SenDeanHeller does that include Planned Parenthood @PPFA?
Shame on you

The bill you support defunds rural hospitals. Dumbfounded you say this. 
This one worse than AHCA. Did you read the bill this time.
You are selling Nevada out if you vote Yes for health bill! It will cost you my vote and your job..live with it!
Would this happen to be in Red States where they rejected the Medicaid expansion?  Polish up your resume b/c you double-crossed @jimmykimmel
@Protectcare @JerryMoran Easy for you. We give you best health care ins money can buy. You should give us same coverage!
So this means you will vote no on this horrid healthcare bill, right. Do the right thing for your state and the citizens of the US. VOTE NO!
You have courage to post this as you're co-sponsoring the worst health care legislation yet w/o regard to your constituents' welfare.
You're selling your integrity. If ANY of your constituents want #grahamcassidy it's only bc they don't know it will kill them. But you do.
Medicaid for all, you dotard.
#DoNoHarm #KillTheBill #DoNoHarm #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #DoNoHarm #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #NoRepealNoReplace #ProtectOurCare #DoNoHarm

If U believe this & R not paying lip service 2 the issue or lying, put UR vote where mouth is & #KillTheBill #VoteNoGrahamCassidy. #SaveACA
Health centers are a start. But if you truly care about our health, you'll vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. As a cancer survivor, I'm begging you.
Then why co-sponsor a deathcare bill that defunds Medicaid? SAD. #nv
ACA repeal will cut funding to these health centers. Hypocrite. Concerned about rural health? Save Medicaid expansion & Planned Parenthood.
hope you agree with @SenJohnMcCain that this latest Healthcare repeal act should not go forward.Partisanship needs to end.
Care about your people and vote NO! People over Politics!!!!!
Your position on G-C hc bill has essentially doomed your political career dean. You're supposed to rep ALL Nevadans, not just Wynn & donors.
Your sponsorship of  Graham-Cassidy  has guaranteed you will lose in 2018. You should just resign now.
Vote NO voicing my request as a Nevadan do your job and represent my NO vote
Only if you vote against Cassidy-Graham. Shocking assault on Medicaid, children, pregnant women, unemployed.
dear senator if you vote yes on graham Cassidy and defund millions of people can't wait to vote against you
Didn't you put your name on a bill that would take away healthcare from #32MillionAmericans? Selling out the people of this country? Sad.
Pls vote NO on the health bill. Do what is right for your constituents NOT Trump. Ppl will DIE if it passes! PLS dont give in to 45 threats.
Your insistence on repealing ACA is shortsighted   Work with dems on bipartisan bill act like mature adult. Do something good for country
Disingenuous tripe. Trying to make it sound like this bill will help rather than screw Nevadans. You actually ARE deplorable.
Tweeted like a guy who's voting "no" on #grahamcassidy
why bother - with no health care plan, they're all dead anyway. good work in bannon-ing yourself.
"A bill impacting so many lives deserves a bipartisan approach." -- Senator John McCain

Heller is #Kochtapus
Dean Heller = coward
http://dhss.alaska.gov/Documents/Pdfs/Alaska-DHSS-Graham-Cassidy-Impact-20170921.pdf …

#Kochtapus
What the F are you talking about? You are lying and flipping on your constituants so often, it is hard to keep track.  Greedy sod.
Please do not allow this healthcare bill to pass. Millions with preexisting conditions will die. We need a well thought out reform.
Thanks to jimmy kimmel and John mccain. Not you or that weasel santorum.
Vote NO on health bill. Don't kill ppl! GOP $$$ take from poor give to rich.
I know you would not want to see the crushing effect of Graham-Cassidy on Nevada and this country. VOTE NO! #NoGrahamCassidy
23% of Republicans and 31% of conservatives prefer Obamacare to Graham-Cassidy, new @ABC News/WaPo poll finds.
No on graham cassidy death bill..preserve aca..do the right thang
You're in complete contradiction to the bill you support and co authored.
How do those people fare under your bill?
Heller, Nevada is watching you very closely, for your vote on Graham-Cassidy healthcare bill!

Every major health organization, or Donald Trump? This bill isn't dead yet. Tell your senators which side you're on: (855) 999-1663 
2018 don't let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya..
1/2 This battle is FREEDOM VS IMPRISONMENT. Senator Heller sides with IMPRISONMENT.
2/2 ...  If I get cancer & Graham/Cassidy confiscates my insurance...I'm not "free," I'm broke & then #DEAD
...Vote no on Graham-Cassidy. Fix the ACA..
The GrahamCassidy bill would take insurance away from 30 million of our most vulnerable Americans. And you, Senator Heller, support it.Shame
Then stop jerking us all around Dean! I'm a conservative and mad as hell at the GOP for not working bipartisan. It hurts US!
say "NO" to #GrahamCassidy 
http://www.aarp.org/ppi/info-2017/graham-cassidy-legislation-threatens-affordable-coverage-for-older-americans.html …
Annual surcharges for individuals with pre-existing conditions. Ask your Senators to oppose the Graham-Cassidy health bill:  (202) 224-3121
John McCain is a man who has the courage of his convictions. Heller and Flake are dishonest politicians in for their own interest. Vote no
Nevada call your senator and tell him to vote NO on graham Cassidy 202-224-3121
it's been hilarious watching you destroy your political career over these murderous healthcare bills.
youve seriously played this the worst way imaginable - lol amateur
Reject the horrible Trumpcare health bill
Vote no on Graham Cassidy HEALRH CARE bill!
Please oppose the Graham-Cassidy health care bill. We all need health care. ALL of us. -- mom to a 12 year old cancer survivor
your liar and so far up trump A ??  and all about GOP Money you sold out the USA

https://twitter.com/justicedems/status/911223118961823750 …

Our reps see this and say, 'Let's cut healthcare, put $80b more in the military, and never pass an infrastructure bill. That'll fix it!' 
So odd considering you'll absolutely vote for Graham-Cassidy which will devastate the people of your state, party man.
Then why are you co-sponsoring the abominable #GrahamCassidyBill?
Since 2010, 82 rural hospitals closed in states w/ no Medicaid expansion. Repeal could close up to 700 in next 10yrs
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rural-hospitals-closure-georgia_us_59c02bf4e4b087fdf5075e38 …
So is PP. @SenDeanHeller...stand up for all Americans. Graham-Cassidy is not a good healthcare bill. What is wrong with doing it right?
You're going to destroy your own state so you can get 3 scoops of ice cream. It is disgusting, it is criminal. You represent NV, not Trump
If you vote yes on Graham-Cassidy, you are directly responsible for your state's lack of funds.  Don't cave to donors!  Do your duty!
Things are abt to get much more critical for #Vegas #NV...life or DEATH. You'll kill for Koch !! #DrainTheSwamp Not #MAGA
The Gov knows that #GrahamCassidy is a sham. You are intentionally misleading & hurting your own constituents. WOW.
#DeadlyDeanHeller @GOP GETS 400 MIL KOCH $ AND 32 MIL LOSE CARE. YOUR LIFE IS WORTH $12.50 TO THE REPUBLICANS. #DUMPDEAN #HELLERKILLS
Do you work for Wynn or ppl of NV?
Please, @sendeanheller . Your vote against #GrahamCassidy WILL SAVE lives- if not, #Americans beyond #NV will suffer. #dontsellyourvote
Your governor HATES this bill. Why would you support it?
All 50 Medicaid directors come out against Graham-Cassidy. Vote NO! #noGrahamCassidy
The AMA is against #grahamcassidy. But thanks for slapping your name on it and selling out your state. https://www.ama-assn.org/ama-urges-senate-oppose-graham-cassidy-legislation …

President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
#dotarddonald must be really happy that you think the #GrahamCassidyBill will benefit Nevadans when all healthcare companies oppose it
Give up your own insurance first..
Home means Nevada lol nice saying too bad you are screwing over your own people ....listen to your damn governor and have some balls
Say bye bye you will be out sooner than you think
2018 right around corner for you
USA, wealthiest country, ever, is only 31st in life expectancy - a travesty. Sen. Heller, please vote NO on Graham-Cassidy tax cut bill.
#DirtyDean does rolling around in Steve Wynn's money make you feel better about betraying sick Nevadans?

BREAKING: Graham Cassidy repeal coverage loss, economic loss & premium increases by state.

See your state... 
Remember how much fun it was voting to cut healthcare funding last time?  We do.
Really?  When they and you aren't thinking twice about taking health care away from millions and most vulnerable
Why did you not cut PP funding in proposed bill?
How do you sleep at night? You are the worst kind of person! This bill is beyond bad, but you need get in good with the shitty president...
@voniaburrell97  Stand up for the people that Voted you in office!! Keep being a Man DeanHeller!! Nevada's behind you!! You owe your people!
Unfathomable that you can see the words you're typing and yet completely miss the irony in them. The bill will fail- like your reelection.
Please care enough to not repeal Obamacare. Dont just talk.
your own Governor is against this bill-support for this bill is really sleazy so u can give tax cuts to billionaires
@SenCortezMasto @talkaboutit84 @maddow @MaddowBlog Senator Heller, you MUST vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
NEW: @GovSandoval on @SenDeanHeller-backed bill: "Flexibility with reduced funding is a false choice." http://thenevadaindependent.com/article/sandoval-doubles-down-on-criticism-of-heller-sponsored-measure-state-analysis-highlights-up-to-2-billion-loss/ …
Great to know you're in favor of health care for low-income folks. What was your position on Graham-Cassidy again? Because I smell bullshit.
Who's more important 2 u Dean? Adelson, Wynn, Koch brothers? How about putting Nevadans first for a change? Don't take away our healthcare.
Have you met this lady:
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Are you joking with this tweet? You will vote for an abomination of a bill that slashes Medicaid and devastate these community clinics
Healthcare in US will be in critical shape if #GrahamCassidyBill passes. All funding stops in 2026! From a Nevadan:
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
Why are you doing this? GCH is going to hurt so many people. U KNOW IT WILL. So I repeat, why are u doing this?
Sen Heller, You Support the G C Insurance Prop: it will take away insurance from 3 million Americans including children, elderly&disabled.
Just imagine if we had a system that made them obsolete. Work towards that instead of voting to screw over cancer survivors & working poor.
@SenDeanHeller one way of not hearing from constituents on that horrible health plan is having ur voicemail box full.
Be courageous, vote no on Graham Cassidy bill!  Americans need your no vote!
Over $3,000 average premium increases. Almost a quarter-million Nevadans losing care....
FIX THE ACA!! IT'S NOT RIGHT THAT YOU ALL ARE LETTING ALASKA KEEP OBAMACARE WHILE THE REST HAS TO SUFFER WITHOUT IT! FIX THE ACA!
Heller the hypocrite, fake plea.  Why do you want to repeal the ACA if you care do much?  Oh yeah, that's what your rich donors want.

How can you talk community health when you support G-C? Why write truth about what Rs did to Obama & then sell your country out? #DirtyDean
What a hypocrite. As you are trying to take healthcare away. #votehellerout
You're willing to kill thousands of Nevadans with the healthcare bill you co-authored. Why should we believe you?
Please vote "NO" on #GrahamCassidy .  It does not serve the healthcare needs of the majority of Americans. Thank-you! 
Notice in these little news briefings that you always stand sheepishly behind others. That's what cowards do. One thing you are good at
The video below is by yr constituent. President Trump has turned a deaf ear to her suffering. You should listen.
President Trump blocked a woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter. 

Here’s her response: 
then don't support trumpcare!
I'm Dean and I just sold out all my Constituents for money! Money, money, lots of money! I'm rich so fuck the rest of you! Yay deathbill!
If you do believe you what you wrote, then vote no on this bill. Nevada will be engulfed in chaos with no funding and lack of proper care
Here are the stats on a vital portion of the population you will be responsible for killing.
They will be even more needed when more than 25% of the under 65 population in NV can no longer afford healthcare. How does it feel to kill?
You're welcome...
Funny how y'all seem to harp on the one or two pieces of #ACA that need fixing. I have a great idea: Fix the parts that need fixing...
R u insane?  Graham Cassidy will nuke healthcare 4 the most vulnerable. Come on. If u r Christian, must vote no. Horrible bill/sham process.
#NoGrahamCassidy.  This bill is disgraceful.  It doesn't guarantee coverage for pre-existing conditions.
The health care plan you signed onto takes money away from NV... can you say cognitive dissonance?
Your phone Box @ 202-224-6244 & office is closed? How's that? Please Do NOT Vote for Cassidy-Graham Bill! A Death sentence for States.
Vote No Graham Cassidy bill.  Need you and others to do what's right for Americans.   VOTE NO!
Senator Heller, please vote for Nevada & all Americans. Please vote NO on dangerous deadly #NoGrahamCassidy
3/3 if you vote against this bill your own constituents will vote against you in 2018 you're walking a tightrope.
2/3 and vote another, it's up to your constituents 2 hold you accountable. We voted U & Trump for a reason. Repeal & replace was one of them
1/3 You made promise to  those that elected U to repeal AHCA due to  how horrible it was. When politicians talk one way to get elected vote
By cutting funding? #ACA  you're adorable. enjoying being a big pharma lobbyiest.
My mom lives in Nevada and this so called healthcare plan would be devastating...as in bankruptcy devastation. Don't pass it.

Once again, the GOP will have no clue what its health care bill does before it votes: http://slate.me/2xuDBTP  
Quit pretending you care about health care. Your lousy bill shows how you are fine with depriving Nevadans of their health care.
In that case, I assume u will b voting against #GrahamCassidy bill which will take healthcare from millions. A morally devoid cruel bill.
Hypocrite! Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy, start helping all in NV! Quit sucking up to trump!
Just pretending to care? No on #CassidyGrahamBill !
Extend healthcare & make it LESS EXPENSIVE!
Universal saves $17T:
$49T current — $32T single payer = $17T savings
Please put citizens b4 politics and vote NO #GrahamCassidy
Why would you vote for legislation that punishes Nevada for following the law. Come on Senator, put the people of Nevada first!
You are killing me.  Literally.  How can u tweet this and sponsor a bill that guts health care protection. #noGrahamCassidy #yourlastterm
How can you promote a bill that cuts funding for opiate crisis- when both society and the @Potus declared emergency. U R OUT OF TOUCH #NVSen
You're right, why are you promoting a bill that takes healthcare and funding away from them? Too bad you don't VOTE that way. #HellerLies
I will  vote for anyone who runs against you 89145
The only funding you are worried about is that sweet Koch money, Dean.  Admit your disaster of a bill is for 1% tax cuts, NOT health!
Do the right thing and vote no on the latest sickening effort to repeal Obamacare!

To #Congress: Graham-Cassidy would result in millions losing coverage, destabilize insurance markets, decrease access to affordable care. 
Please take the moral stand and oppose the healthcare that will hurt millions of Americans. It's not about parties, it's about what's right.
So,you'll b voting against #GrahamCassidy @SenDeanHeller you are inconsistent on healthcare&medical insurance.Clarify your position! #NVdems
Read, we are soooo screwed, upset u drank the koolaide and r ok with this crap. Oh yeah ur family does not have to get this garbage
UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE FOR ALL AMERICANS!
Shame on you 4 co-sponsoring #GrahamCassidyBill. Your comments 2 the Stage 4 cancer victim are awful. #Hellermustgo
Trump blocks woman with stage 4 cancer on Twitter after she criticized his latest health care plan https://goo.gl/q3B1Sk  
Did you know there's a program that increased funding to those health centers? You call it Obamacare and want it repealed.
WTF - why are you supporting this new health bill and then saying the health system needs funding. Your a monster
Your bill will kill healthcare access vulnerable Nevadans for a rich elite tax cut.
While defunding @PPact? Nope. Here are the facts: https://www.bustle.com/p/no-paul-ryan-planned-parenthood-can-never-be-replaced-by-federal-community-health-centers-30177 … You are BAD news for Nevadans.

You really care? Doubt it.
We take of these patients and you want to destroy their health insurance. You are duplicitous and shameful. You can't have it both ways!
I'm a new voter to NV. I really hope you vote for the people of NV and not your party. #VoteNo
Also your voicemail is full so I can't leave you a message. #VoteNo
Have you no sense of dignity?
NV will lose funding and people will lose healthcare causing suffering @GovSandoval rejects bill
@Lawrence When Will Russian Collusion Investigate the @SenateGOP @HouseGOP Members Taking Money from the U.S. Enemy KGB Putins Oligarchs?
U R WILLING TO PASS A BILL THAT WILL TAKE HEALTH CARE AWAY FROM MANY SO STOP PRETENDING THAT U CARE!!!! HYPOCRIT!!!! VOTING AGAINST U!!!!!!!
Please “Vote No” on Graham Cassidy.
Quit lying to your constituents.  By sponsoring the horrific Graham-Cassidy bill you have shown exactly where you stand, not with Nevadans.
You support a bill that will take health care away from millions of Americans, including Nevadans. You don't care about health centers.
Both sides of the mouth. Both sides of the mouth.

The cruelty of #GrahamCassidy is almost too much to comprehend. https://twitter.com/TheDemocrats/status/909920752157253634 …
Congress must cut ALL Obamacare cost sharing payments immediately
Liar. Cheat. Puppet. We saw you up close last time. You lose.
Remember that you were voted in to represent all and to do your very best by them. Everyone deserves to have medical. Show some integrity!
