Don't u cave 2 that despicable POTUS. He's got a date w/Mueller. You need 2 protect ur constituents. Medicare4All.
I hope you vote No. Show the US what Nevadans are made of. This will be a career changing vote for you. Hope you are on the right side.
Please don't let the GOP bully you ... America has your back
You will show everything we need to know about you if you buckle after trumps threat to take your job. Stand up!
Personally I would have stood up, looked at him, then laughed and left! VOTE NO!
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/888786666093240320 …
#KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #NoReplacement #UnitedForFreedom
Accountability 2 all taxpyrs?  Govt gave insurers freedom2 rape 4 yrs. All we want is govt protection2 have affordable covg. Medicare4all
You also are voting to serve Wynn & deprive Nevadans of insurance. Others who are mad as hell might be interested in
Sell out ,We will do our best make sure this is your last term. NO BALLS!


I understand you are seated right next to the President at lunch. Vote NO on repeal @SenDeanHeller We deserve better.
Trump is a worthless, Sociopath, thug!  I never let bullies win!!!
I'm not constituent, but as victim of life-threatening disease am concerned abt loss ACA protections. Please, don't vote for BCRA. #nobcra

I had a hamster once who expended a lot of energy running on his wheel & never got anywhere.

(Image credit: @ASlavitt) 
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom
Please vote no on the Senate health care repeal. It will send us in the wrong direction. We need your leadership - let's improve the ACA.
Please continue to oppose the ACA repeal. Many of us have minor pre-existing conditions who will see loss of coverage and huge increases.
Proud of you. Now let us do the same for all U S citizens and support the health care of Americans .  That would MAGA
For the sake of Veterans, for the sake of children with heart disease, you must vote NO on any MTP on current HC bills @CHC_Nevada

 BREAKING: CBO: Premiums will increase by ***$11,500*** for a 64-year old with middle income  
Saw u yucking it up with Trump. What was funnier? The 32 million kicked off of healthcare or you losing reelection?
Stay strong & stand up for what is right-don't let trump bully you-continue to vote no on repeal & replace!! TY
Don't pander to this stupid ideology. The bill needs to be improved. Do it already.
Why don't your work on a healthcare bill. We know it can be done but both sides refuse. A flat tax on people making over $1mil would pay it.
Why are you smiling and taking @realDonaldTrump's bullying like that at lunch? He was rude and dismissive of you. Don't let him do that to u
Heller is a pathetic coward.  If you want a Senator with spine check out
REPEAL AND REPLACE DEAN HELLER!
TRUMP AND REPUBLICANS TRYING TAKE PENSIONS FROM 181 THOUSAND VIETNAM VETERANS DISGRACE TO VETERANS ALL AMERICANS

House Republicans who voted for #Trumpcare are not happy. 
Hey Gov, please stay strong and stand up to that bully-in-chief that calls himself a great negotiator. He's a carpetbagger, pure and simple.
Good, NOW REPEAL OBAMACARE!
Support our President TRUMP
The best way to keep your job is to keep your integrity! After being insulted in a room of your colleagues. I would think your vote is easy!
Obama care benefits veterans
Vote NO ON THE REPEAL! Fix the ACA No on Repeal! NO NO NO NO NO
It's a flawed bill. 
But for now, lets focus on you not supporting #RepealAndReplace OR #RepealAndDelay
You be the first sir, stand up to the ignorant liar. America will support you ten fold. We want democracy back.
day 181, enough is enough. We the people have suffered enough anxiety. We the people are tired and deserve better.
Please stand up to the traitor - step away from the corrupt members @GOP. Vote no on repeal of ACA. Thank you.
Don't let Trump intimidate you. Stay strong.
Please don't cave to DJT or you will be remembered as the man who took health care away from those who need it @realDonaldTrump
Stay strong 

Get to work supporting President TRUMP
I have never seen a weaker response than you sitting next to trump when he spanked you in public, you shame you family!!
Our Dictator-in-Chief threatened your job. Unacceptable! Please choose country over party. Millions of Americans' healthcare is at stake.
Sounds great. How will you vote for health care next wk?  We expect a repeal of OCare !!
Please don't cave to bully/con man Trump. Act in the interest of the ppl of Nevada. #VoteNo
Don't take Trump's crap, You don't work for him.

Give him a break! A class act forced to sit next to a no class act. Tough position. Wish I were in NV.  Make sure he is re-elected.
I'm a progressive in Austin TX. In spite of the king's threat, do the right thing by Nevadans,I'll help fund ur nxt campaign, as will others
Jeeez you sat there like a fool and laughed while he threatened you. "He wants to remain senator, doesn't he?"  NOT your finest moment.
Sir, do your job and repeal Obamacare as you promised. Do not show us that you lied to us or we will replace you!!!
I've been noticing how many socialist things you back along with Sandoval.
Your no CONSERVATIVE and your no Republican!
Please know that a vote for #Trumpcare is the quickest way to ensure that you don't serve another term for Nevadans. #notrumpcare
Awesome Senator! I Volunteer at Fisher House every week @USArmy @USMC @USNavy They are my Team what what else can I do DC!
Ur constituents would respect u more for standing on their behalf then cowering to a failing president.
Did you enjoy being threatened by the bully sitting next to you? How long is your party going to kiss his ass? Country before party!!!
We want to know how you are voting on AHCA
What POTUS did to you is not normal and not okay. Please continue to stand firm in support of Americans, we'll stand firm with you.
Vote NO on Trumpcare! Don't let that man baby bully and Turtle McConnell pressure you. Your constituents' lives are more important!
So Trump publicly humiliated you, rammed you in front of your peers. And you just laughed and took it. Man, you're a wimp.
REJECT #TrumpCare, work 4 the people!
That's nice BUT...Health Care process? Can we count on your vote to move the process forward? Do you have an amendment to offer?
Don't give in to Trump.  You're doing the RIGHT thing, and you will be rewarded for voting NO to this terrible HC Bill. Look at the numbers
Damned either way.Go with @realDonaldTrump  and lose support from Voters (lose your job) Go against Trump and the Russians will come for you
Don't let that orange buffoon strong-arm you. Do the right thing for your constituents, and remember... His job/legacy is in your hands....
Something tells me history will remember those who stood against him more fondly than it will those that didn't.
You were disrespected for looking out for your constituents. It looked like an awkward moment.
Don't worry abt Koch brothers meaness & $ either, people will rise up if repeal & no replacement-just switch sides, Trump train will crash!
Please don't take OBAMACARE away with nothing to replace. You know in your heart of hearts that is the wrong thing to do.
You're a trump azz kisser just like all the rest of them. You were the punchline of the joke you were sitting next to #25thAmendmentNow
Vote NO on healthcare repeal.
This could have been enacted during President Obama's term but all republicans said:  hell, no!
I voted for you. Vote for the health care bill or don't come back.
Vote for the bill and you won't be senator much longer. I guarantee it.
Dear Senator Heller, do the right thing. Leave the GOP and become an Independent. Your own party will primary you or voters will dump you
You didn't deserve that rude, rambling whatever today. Embarrassingly rude of a "leader"
CBO score for repeal bill is in. https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52939 …
That wasn't funny what was done to you today at that luncheon. Stay strong. There are those who are/will support you. #hethinkshe'sking
YOU WILL NOT BE RE ELECTED IF U STAND IN THE WAY OF THE HC BILL.REPUBLICANS WILL REMEMBER THAT U DIDNT REPEAL&REPLACE THE BILL.
SAW U LAUGHING TODAY WHILE MEETING WITH POTUS.THIS IS NOT A JOKE.THE PRES. IS CORRECT THAT MILLIONS OF AMERICANS R HURTING.PASS THE BILL!!
Please Senator, don't chum up with this guy and bend. Stay strong, Don't look like a pussy. He might grab it!
I have never been in an emergency room that is as busy as a VA's and been seen in 26 minutes.  I would like to know where that is located
You going to stand by and let Trump threaten You?
Unfortunately this law is horrible and will not help Vets.  The problem is the VA management not the workers many of which are Vets!
Remember most of the paperwork falsification was done by managers
Do not let Donald Trump bully you around. I am proud of you
Keep your word and #Repeal!
@POTUS IS CONTRADICTION 2THE GREATNESS THAT MADE AMERICA GREAT:THE INGENUITY,INNOVATION &INTEGRITY-ALL OF WHICH @realDonaldTrump IS *DEVOID*
THIS THREAT'S A CLASSIC EXAMPLE OF A PETTY, SHYSTER OF A LITTLE MAN.KEEP DOING THE RIGHT THING,SENATOR.REPRESENT US
If you're tired of the Bully in Chief switch parties or stand up to being threatened
Chummy with the Donald. Nice. Can't wait to vote you out of office next year. Nevadans deserve better than you. Say bye bye in 2018
What a bully trump is! Stand your ground! He is not your constituency.  Thank you.
Thank you for standing up for Americans and our health care.  We do not want Trumps bullying to affect the outcome.
Please vote NO on this new repeal/replace bill. It's for Americans! Do what's in your heart. Total 32 million will lose by 2026.
He humiliated you - publicly- and you support him?!?!
Thank you for resisting the BCRA and ACA repeal and millions of us will salute you if you resist Trump pressure. Please be firm  No on MTP
Don't let Dump take a dump on you like he did today.  Be an example of strength. #backbone
Can't believe Trump threatened you! You know better than he does what is best for Nevada. Work to improve ACA so it's better! GOP win!
Wow trump tried to PUNK you on TV. Don't fall for it stand up #NoRepeal
Don't let Trump & his GOP henchmen bully you. Stand up for your constituents.
Dear Senator, he just threatened you and that's not how our country works. Do the right thing please.
So will Trumps threat have intended results?
You either fight for your constituents or to line your pockets with Super PAC money at the expense of American loves. Dont be a traitor.
Don't flip on the healthcare bill. You know it's shit. Don't let them put gold paint on that turd and you vote for it. Be brave and smart.
Return us to the #CONSTITUTION and repeal ACA! H.C. is NOT an enumerated power. Fulfill your OATH!! Repeal ACA!!! #RespectTheVote
Trump insulted you and your position, and afterwards laughed at how he put you in your place, vote no. do not obey him, look out for USA.
Trump tried to intimidate you with guilt. The guilt would be if you turn your back on millions of AMERICANS.
Okay that's good! Now, if you vote against just starting a debate on healthcare that will get you a NO VOTE from me on your reelection.
Do not be threatened by trump, protect america. he used you, trump used you to look big-he's http://not.vote  no, fix obamacare.
Plz explain to the Vets and the patriots that voted for you why they have to pick up the welfare costs for Nevada's illegals?
Stay strong!  Don't take Trump's threats and nonsense!  You're more likely to lose a seat if you vote against the people. - A Vegas resident
Trump treated you very poorly today!! Please keep your spine and stand up to him!!! No on repeal!!!
Your state is supporting you. Donald Trump approval rates are a disaster. Don't anchor yourself to a sinking ship.
Dean Heller acted with dignity and professionalism in the presence of a crude, cruel huckster. Well Done. Politics shouldn't have WWF antics
No tax cuts for billionaires! Crooks in Congress need replaced @DRUDGE_REPORT @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @POTUS @SenJohnMcCain @MSNBC
You going to let that Russian traitor threaten you? Should told him to F off
Continue to follow the GOP governors and do what is right and not just politically expedient I'm sure you will
Please remember the gift our founding father's left us in separate & equal branches of government. Sending courage for hopes of patriotism!
Saw Trump today on TV covertly threatening you after already throwing you under the bus for ethically standing up for your constituents
We oppose you and will fight to get you defeated whatever you run for good ol' boys aint gonna help u
Sorry i voted for you NEVER AGAIN YOUR POLITICAL CAREER DEAD
Be a patriot!  Stand with the people!  Do no harm! #DefendDemocracy #SaveACA
#HellerIsALiar 
#HellerHatesNevadans 
#HellerLovesLobbiestMoney 
#2018VoteHellerOut
Trump will betray and primary you with or without your vote.  It is a set-up.  President Bannon was clear he does not like GOP.  #SaveACA
Better not FOLD on healthcare- Trump is a creepy old codger- dont play the game
Don't let trump CON you to 
#SaveACA Don't give into Russian mobster tactics or Koch pressure. If you give on this, legislative branch is dead. Will primary you anyway.
GOOD!  That's an important issue, BUT if you don't get #RepealObamacare through the Senate .. ALL OF THE REPUBLICANS will be job hunting.
Please don't submit to him, Senator.
Please do what you know is right for us in Nevada
Regarding today's lunch: Don't let President Bully intimidate you! He is a moron that doesn't understand details. Stand your ground!
Good job! 
Good. Now let's discuss a bill to bring accountability to government. Specifically, GOP failure to hold Trump accountable. That means you
Senator, don't let Dump bully you. You should have walked out at the luncheon when he ask if you wanted to remain a Senator!  That - no joke
That's a threat Dean. Do Nevadans take kindly to threats? NO WE DON'T!! Act like you're from Nevada, not D.C.
totally agree...stop allowing Trump to throw you under the bus...stand up to that bully otherwise you'll have tread marks like the others
Support 2015 #Obamacare Repeal bill that you voted against  in 2015.
#2018 is around the corner. Mitch has nothing to lose, he's been obstructing for years. Just a reminder.
not laughing @realDonaldTrump threat that u work for him not Nevada.
4. We are counting on you, and trust you will be our voice, at the vote next week.
I thank you!
3. Americans deserve better than to be stripped of their health insurance, to fulfill one man's grudge against his predecessor.
You are preaching to the choir. I deal with medical insurance daily, in order 2 serve my patients.
6 million is bad. 23 million worse.
"You people" are "We, the people".
We may have come here on different ships, but we are ALL in this boat TOGETHER.
2. I'm a physician in a large red State, and deal with patients who are terrified to lose their healthcare. The struggles & fears are real.
If you don't support Obamacare repeal/replace I will vote for your 2018 primary opponent then Dem candidate if you win. You WILL lose.
R U ready to be a hero?This party is putin's party.When will u stand up for r country?Ur party & president just threw u under the bus.
Do u truly value  over country ?
Too bad @realDonaldTrump took your knees out today.  You're so pathetic!  Just keep laughing.
1. Sen. Heller, please do not allow Trump to publicly shame you into doing what you know is wrong for your constituents & this country.
Why don't you become a Democrat, Senator?
sad to see you have to sit next to #putinPuppet.  ty  for resisting #GOPCare.  less money = less care.  #ACA can be improved.  bipartisan
don't let trump bully you. stick to your guns and conscience. people need their healthcare.
Pass something Heller   Your trying to please the ones that didn't vote for you or @realDonaldTrump  please us !!
Let's talk health care. Hope you know Trump is not your friend. He will throw you under the bus so fast!
He was laughing about 2018  oh how fun it will be 
That moment your 45 says "You want to remain a senator" and you laughed. #nevadadeservesbetter
It looked like a nervous laugh. We'll know for sure when you vote NO on WealthCare Senator Heller.
POTUS made a fool of you around the country. Don't cave in to the bully. Vote no
You should tell the People of Nevada you don't "really" care about healthcare as long as you keep your job.
Absolutely! Man up and tell the truth Dean. It's the least you can do. Literally, the very least.
To GOP pro repeal Senators: Taxpayers should repeal your salary/benefits/perks for 2 yrs. We will then let u know what u will get. Deal?
An actual Clark County voter here & active #RWLV who voted for you but won't again unless-  VOTE YES to REPEAL Obamacare!!!
Don't worry Senator Heller you will be a senator longer than Trump will be President.
Enuff is Enuff! Repeal O-Care NOW; stop holding up progress! U & other hold-up sens disgust me; get on board with POTUS' agenda; stop the BS
Really? https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/trump-challenges-senators-to-resurrect-obamcare-repeal-effort-were-close/2017/07/19/468c2dc0-6c8f-11e7-9c15-177740635e83_story.html?tid=ss_fb-bottom&utm_term=.c33d6f5033c8 …
You have a great chance of remaining a senator by voting against the rushed plans, don't be pressured to compromise. Listen to your heart.
Read Huffington Post article about him trying to intimidate you.
Please Senator, stop tweets about all else. Whole country wants to know where you stand on repeal. Awaken!  Lead bipartisan effort. Fix ACA.
Please vote NO to proceed next week. Many millions depend on the ACA- time to fix. I depend on it. Thank you for saving my life.
dude- he threatened you.  what a bully!
NO TO PROCEED
Dont let donald trump bully you. Stand for what is right as any true man would do. Trump is a thug. Help remove him from office FAST.
Vet. Family that votes. Centennial. #ClarkCounty Vote NO. Nevada voters have been very clear.
Will you let DT threaten you because you are saying no and taking care of The people in NV? Stand up to truth to power.
#NoRepeal  #fixit #SaveMedicaid #donoharmto Veterans #vulnerable #children #disabled#poor#women #families#AMERICANS
No to Repeal! Have a spine! Stand up for the people who put you in office!
Dear Heller:

Thank you for choosing #Neveda best interest over Party.

I know Trump and Putin are threatening YOU for reelection.
Nevada?
Don't let Trump bully you, remember he only has around 37% - 39% approval rating after 6 months, and I can't see it getting any better
Important work, keep it up. & don't be bullied by Trump's not so subtle threats- you put country ahead of party; keep leading the way.
What? He still wants to be president, doesn't he? Stay strong in the face of incompetent blow hole president. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-dean-heller-health-care_us_596f9373e4b01696c6a235ad …
I watched you sitting next to Trump and I thought that you needed to say something for yourself, it made you look less of a man
