Make friends so he has a job when he http://loses.Tax  reform for upper class/like always. & take away healthcare (important)
#votehellerout
Wow! Just read some comments here & it appears you aren't well liked.  So, it isn't just a few ppl. Oh, dump Mnuchin he's a guy w/loser wife
THE SCHYSTER & THE SELLOUT

A romantic comedy about the Heller/Mnuchin bromance.  True story.
Crooked Donald Trump is dedicated to cutting his taxes by billions of dollars and bankrupting our gov
Oh, he's critical all right! Critical to the continued rape and pillage middle income tax payers to enrich the 1% #GOPtrickleupeconomy
He's a predatory banker who foreclosed on elderly, veterans, and hard working Americans. That man is a criminal and needs to be in jail.
If we would have had a non-criminal to vote for in 2016.... Blame the Dems and the Repubs equally they gave us two shit options to pick from
NV hates the Foreclosure King.
What is wrong with you and the rest of the GOP that you all find what Trump does and says morally acceptable?

I've never stopped rooting for the USA and never will.
Did you ever get your foreclosure questions answered from Mnuchin's confirmation hearing or was that just more theater, Senator?
Good question. I asked a similar question. Steve had his dirty hands in Nevada during the foreclosure crisis. We remember.
Senator Heller has become a patsy of the Nevada unions and Hispanic (many illegal) voting block.!
He thinks he can dis our President. RINO.!
I'm going to make sure your repealed and replaced in 2018 Dean taking money to vote Yes on the health-care shows the kind of person you are
Dirty dean u already sold out Nevadans
Was this before or after he and his goldplated trophy wife flew to KY on our dime to watch the eclipse from the roof of Fort Knox?
Steve, we have vivid memories of you and your foreclosures in Nevada. Dean, have you forgotten that time in our history?
Tax cuts and loopholes for billionaires coming soon. What would you expect from Goldmann Sacs? @POTUS @SenateGOP #drainSewer @DRUDGE_REPORT

Dean you are not critical, you are dead weight start packing your bags @DannyTarkanian
Was it tax reform or did his wife need to hit the shops @CaesarsPalace ?
The true "job creators" are the 99% and WE NEED A RAISE. #NoTaxCuts4TheRich Enough of your tiresome failed #trickledown
Republican tax reform only benefit the ULTRA RICH!!!  Bye Dean in 2018!!
Tax reform why? So more of ur rich pals get richer on our backs! U are out in 18
Steve, how many homes did you foreclose on in Clark County? Just curious. We fought our way out of a deep housing & economic hole without u
If you aren't RESISTING Republican pres, you are COLLABORATING! SHAME ON YOU, Heller.
You're kidding with this guy, right?
Both of you were going to be gone in 2018
So a smart guy interested in re-election would absolutely distance themselves from Trump and his diseased administration. You aren't smart.
I am not hearing denouncement from either of you guys. You must support the craziness. #Sad.
The rich should not get tax cuts, the lower & middle class are the ones who need help. 
Quit voting for Republicans America! 
Trickle down doesn't work.  Mnuchin is part of the 1%....instead introduce him to wage earning constituents about tax reform impact on them.
It works just fine for Donny when he's in Moscow.
Facing ethics investigation over eclipse viewing party taken at expense of taxpayers
I read that they reimbursed the government for their little trip to Kentucky.
Mnuchin?!  The guy that was booting people out of their houses during the foreclosure crisis?!  The crisis that hit NV hardest?! #photoOp
Heller also supports the INSANE border wall!
.@SenDeanHeller asked about border wall funding & govt shutdown threat. Says of Trump: "I think he's going to get the money he wants." 
Oh God...Heller is an idiot!!!!
There really doesn't seem to be any other explanation.
Yep, and apparently his entire staff is too
Mnuchin is not welcome in Nevada.  He and OneWest robbed struggling Nevadan's blind and stole their homes.
#VoteHellerOut you continue to sell out Nevadans to line your pockets #shame
i sure hope he flew comfortably, and his wife got to do some shopping
Glad to see you have completely gave into the racism, stupidity, and hatefulness of the administration. Counting the days til 2018
Hey Dean, have your FAKE RESUME updated yet?  Donald has made you his JESTER, I GUESS???
A*slicker.
Another ass kisser
#namebrand #entitlement #RichWelfare #Oppression where are the breaks for the poor and middle class?
Steve Mnuchin is only slightly less gross than you, Dean.  Stay away from these Repugs, man.
he is Jewish.  below is a picture of you with your pet Nazi. who wants Steve in an oven.  that seems to some of us to be a conflict.
I'm sure hardworking Nevadans don't give a fuck about what that guy thinks.
Remember that time you voted to take away healthcare from millions.
You go Dean. We all know how your primary will go. Flip Flop Flip Flop

Really...Mother Nature has spoken you fool save yourself infrastructure the end #Harvey
It is first step towards another recession.
We have gone down this tax reform road several times, it doesn't work for the average citizen. Each time it was done,it added to the deficit
Looking forward to booting you in 2018.
you are not serious?
The fact that you seem to be serious makes my stomach turn.
Mnuchin is a complete bastard. He's the worst personification of person I've ever seen. A perfect foil for Trump
Classic suck-up
U SIR R A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!
This photo . . . I can't even 
 . . . #ImpeachTrump
Did you ask him about his trip with his wife to view the eclipse from the top of Fort Knox? I hope it was worth all my tax dollars he spent.
Have you lost your mind???????
Worse, he sold it to highest bidder!
Good thing your kissing up to all trump cronies  you'll need a job next year

this is grand.  I am stealing it right now.
Not a smart post. Sad.
Where's your Nazi friend in this picture?
You disgusted Nevada voters with your healthcare vote & continue to disappoint us daily
Senator you look so happy to see Mnuchin, but never a word about NV Healthcare!
Is that what's important to you Senator Heller? Im still wondering about Healthcare in NV.  What do you think your constituents think?
.did he bring Wifey? Consumers with disposable $$create jobs tax breaks for working Americans #nosenate4uin2018
I cannot wait to vote you out of office
You're on the wrong side @SenDeanHeller. Kiss your senate seat goodbye.
The Worst of Wall Street: Meet Donald Trump’s Finance Chairman
How bout Healthcare Dean, the thing you voted against
We don't believe in "trickle down". Raise our minimum wage to a living wage!! Fuck this guy and his rich privilege wife and lifestyle. GTFOH
Tax reform for more of the rich assholes! We aren't looking for tax cuts for the 1%, we need prescription drug reform and insurance reform.
You mean tax cut for the rich??
"Job creators" consider labor an expense to be minimized or eliminated. Thats why Cons are against unions, living wages and healthcare.
What's critical is listening to ur ##NV constituents.
#hellerout2018
#hellerout2018
#hellerout2018
#hellerout2018
#hellerout2018
Wow, Heller's using the last shred of political capital to align himself with diseased & hated GOP pariah
It's also a horrible photo! Looks like you're both trying to hold in rancid farts
Shouldn't Admin's "effort" include leadership in form of a clear proposal what "tax reform" consists of? More than notes on a yellow pad?
Wouldn't it be better to eliminate the corrupt IRS entirely and start over with a fairer tax system?
Multiple investigations by TIGTA, multiple infractions by IRS & 6 more laws to "fix" it. #FAIRtax fixes the IRS by ELIMINATING it & #MTFA. 
Hey Steve, with all that $ you made from foreclosing on vulnerable Americans & your obvious vanity, why haven't u invested in a chin implant
how much $ does @stevemnuchin1 spend on hair dye, facial peels, botox ,etc.  Dude, no amt of $ can help u from looking u just exited a swamp
he spent taxpayer money on a trip to see the eclipse #ImpeachTrumpNow
Of course you'll never listen to the workers. You right-wingers only care about the wishes of capital owners, which you call "job creators."
Dean Heller votes to tax the middle class 100% of the time, the rich--not so much. http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/Dean-Heller-412218 …
You are so complicit.  #Nevada deserves so much better than these two.  Stop with the nauseating PR pics please.
Trump really must have gotten to you dean. You're a cowardly individual. @MSNBC @MeetThePress

And this guy's wife is really disconnected with the working man.
Consumers create jobs, not business owners.  They create opportunity.  Opportunity without consumers = no Jobs.  Tax the rich = more jobs.
Lol. That's about the dumbest fucking thing ever written on Twitter. Consumers create jobs?
You guys both support White Supremacist Trump, who betrays us to Russia. Shame on you.
