@SenDeanHeller Your approval rating is only 19%, do you really think you're on the right track? http://facebook.com/DeanHeller/pos … #TownHall
Is that true?  I knew it was bad but 19%???  Wow!  Officially lower than Trump right here in our state!!  We better get ready for election!
Gorsuch doesn't represent my values or those of my family. I don't care that he is a "westerner" as that doesn't mean diddly.#MerrickGarland
Shame on you
Oh shut up 
Tell me, @SenDeanHeller, is there anything Trump supports that you won't vote for? Can't wait to watch you roll over on Yucca Mtn.
You patently ignore your constituents and continue to issue these tone-deaf self-praises. Real news: it's not about you, or the GOP #resist
Senator, I am so glad 2 c your in confirming a SCOTUS where u had 2 change the rules 2 confirm, while the WH is under investigation.
Sen Heller lied to my face about Planned Parenthood: Donna West http://www.rgj.com/story/opinion/voices/2017/04/21/sen-heller-lied-my-face-planned-parenthood-donna-west/305856001/ … via @rgj
We never trusted Schumer, he has been blocking Republican nominations since Bush administration.
SELLOUT!
just keep tweeting your platitudes and ignoring your constituents. 2018 is coming fast.
I'll be proud when Nevada puts a different person in your Senate seat.
I will do everything in my power to vote him out.  When was the last time he had a town hall?  I do not know!
First town hall - next week at the Convention Center. Of course it is 9 am -11 am but at least this one doesn't have a cover charge! Go!!
Wow. You probably can't even see that you'll be voted out for things like this. It's coming.
Thank you for your service to the people of Kentucky. #StopGorsuch #treason @co_rapunzel4 @JackieValley @LasVegasSun @NVLatinos
He should buy property there now because he won't need to live in NV any longer as NV is a blue state now.  Him & his red face need 2 go!


#stolenseat one more nail in your coffin.
I'm not proud of it or you as my Sen. When voting time comes around I'll do absolutely everything in my power to make sure u r not relected.
Where r his taxes?
I am so not voting for you sgain

Your constituents overwhelmingly opposed this stolen appointment. W/o agreeing to town hall meetings you may not have known?
Stolen seat! You should be ashamed. Sadly, I know you aren't.
U tweet about Gorsuch a lot. I guess it's the only "win" Repubs have since taking over, but we the people care about our healthcare & Russia
The Republicans might have won that fight but America has lost for generations to come. #PartisanSCOTUS #StolenSeat
#wearesickofyou
Neil was not a good choice - we asked you not to vote for him!  We in Nevada are not HAPPY!!!
You should be ashamed of what you did to #MerrickGarland and the intent of our founding fathers.
I'm sorry, did u say Merrick Garland? No?  U R out in 2018. Country over party.
How do you sleep at night? #HellerNo2018
Sad day for America.  You & republicans STOLE from Garland.
It's a stolen seat and American knows it. Stop being a Republican Puppet. Trump's daily care is $$$$$$$$
This is bad Mr. Heller...we will work hard to ensure that you never represent our great state again.
Oh my gosh. How can you look yourself in the mirror. You are the worst thing to happen to women. You should be so ashamed of yourself.
oye
Morally bankrupt Heller.  I can't begin to verbalized my disgust for who you are as an elected official. Probably the last win for you
God you're awful.
Stolen SCOTUS seat. Filled by nominee of treasonous vile president.
another decision you ignored Nevadans on. #Resistance #SCOTUS
Great, a dominionist nutjob on the court. I can't wait to vote you out in 2018.
Why can't you root for Nevada? Gorsuch didn't meet with CCM. She's OUR senator; but Gorsuch's geography trumps his snub of Nevada? #Joke
Heller true Republican-if they can't win under rules in place for centuries, just change the rules.  To hell w the majority voters
Wait till next year.  You have many many unhappy constituents wanting you out of office.  Maybe you could be a lobbyist.
Stolen seat from Garland! You disgust me. Will you respond to Russian collusion? FBI investigation into Trumps campaign?
Legalize #MedicalMarijuana
And you as well as all republican senators should be ashamed. #throwoutheller2018
Maybe he can get you a new job you will need it.

Would you buy a used car from this man ?
And you voted in a justice who will vote along party lines instead in the best interest of your constituents. Can't wait to vote you out
Disgusting.
Stolen seat. Can't wait to steal yours in 2018
It will always be a stolen seat. I can't wait until you're unemployed.
Hey Dean, if you actually looked at your pages you would respond to some of our comments. I dare you to personally reply. #NoGorsuch
nice to see the @GOP ram him down our throats. Think the dems will work with u on ANYTHING now? 18 months n counting#voteuout
I will help vote Dean out. Another right winger on the court. Garland was a centrist.  OUT 2018!
Absolutely disgusting, Senator. That is a stolen SC seat and you know it. Thanks to the likes of you, SCOTUS is now tainted by partisanship.
You are something else! Can't wait until you are out of office!
We would have had a full USSC had Republicans not treated Judge Garland with such disrespect. #DisgustedVoter
I'll be proud to vote against you as well. My 17 year old is also looking forward to your defeat when she votes for the first time!
153 days since last November 8, and you still haven't held a town hall. Quite a profile in courage senator. Stand and deliver!
It is and always will be a stolen seat. Shameful.
Is that the best you can can do? @pdareno @IndivisibleReno
Liberals hate America, hate Americans and care nothing for this State. Their rants can be seen below... funny as they don't vote Republican
Why are you so excited to have someone who was hand selected by #PresidentBannon who ran the racist hate site @BreitbartNews?
Republican Voters appreciate your voting as Elected. Please try to do more Republican things for Nevada. We need Representation.
Why r u proud to sell out Nevada for ur donors? Hide in shame and keep avoiding town halls. #voteOUT2018
Can't wait to vote you out. And hopefully Gorsuch's appointment will be overturned.
You're absolutely awful. I'm sad and embarrassed that you represent our great state.
Thanks for siding w/ #corporations The #voters of #Nevada are #organizing to #vote #out #political #puppet @SenDeanHeller #LasVegas #NV
Great job changing the rules to suit your purpose and stealing that S.Ct. seat. Enjoy your final term.
When you leave your East coast hideout, & come west for recess, will you find the courage to face your Western constituents in a town hall?
He will not. He is a coward. His office said he is not visiting constituents at all during the 2 week recess. #hellerNo2018
It's obvious Sen Heller doesn't represent his constituents because he doesn't talk to them.
How sad
Gorsuch swearing in is NOTHING to be proud of considering tactics of @SenateGOP. U R nothing but a GOP LACKEY. Adios Senator #hellerout2018
Your proud to have a man on the Supreme Court who thinks Corporations should be treated as a person? That its OK to freeze to death for Corp
Your vote for Gorsuch shows your lack of judgment. He is not a judge for the people. His loyalty is for corporate interests. #midterm2018 
If you're so proud of what you've done, have a town hall and face your constituents.
When are you going to have a town hall? A public one??? What are you afraid of? 
Thank you for NOT representing your constituents in Nevada.
Shame on you, you stole that seat. He was appointed by a president under FBI investigation. You'll be out of there in 2018.
Constitutional crisis, here we come.
So proud that @GOP filled a stolen seat, I will be working hard to get you out of the senate in 2018
Judging by these replies, doesn't look like you had overwhelming support for Gorsuch. LIAR!!! 11-6-2018
You will pay for this travesty you have brought on the United States of America
You failed our State and put Party over Country. Merrick Garland shouldve had a hearing last year. As a Repub. I will work to vote you out.
Judge Neil Gorsuch is now considered an ILLEGITIMATE judge, just like Trump is an ILLEGITIMATE president. We should all be OUTRAGED by this.
Gross.
The Nuclear option was only ever used on legislation. Not nominations. There is a distinct difference that invalidates your comment
Not a reason to be proud.
Craven maniacs. #2018
#StolenSeat #HellerNo2018 UR complicit in the current administration's treasonous actions. U don't represent the majority of NV. #TRAITOR
Stolen seat. #HellerNo2018
When is Reno having a Town Hall??  2018 is fast approaching.
Party of Lincoln, my ass. Disgraceful
What about the Fed. Dist. Court in Nevada today?
You are complicit Heller and a coward afraid to face Nevada's voters.  Let's work to make this your last term in the swamp
Yep. You'll probably be thinking about this day next election
Party over country. Sad day for democracy.
GOP had to use tricks to get him in.
Garland should have had a hearing
And all it took was for you and your party to break the Senate, fail to do your jobs and just generally cheat.  #HellerNo2018
Seat stolen by power lusting right
