Perhaps someone could share the tele-townhall info?
Get all the  you can, cuz there is no reelection for you
reports are trump's immigration policies will hurt US tourism by $3B. You and Trump are bad for Nevada sir.
We heard you gathering money in Vegas with Sheldon  Adelson.  Do you care about the people who you represent? Meet with us.
Vote Dean Out in 2018!!!!
I urge you to hold a town hall Senator where the people in the state you represent are free to address you.
Please tell us, what you learned and what were the results of this visit.
Great! We need to keep out the criminals! Hang in their we conservatives are counting on you!
Your state relies on immigrants and foreign tourism. I recommend you consider a path to citizenship not a path to deportation
but oh wait....You will have medical coverage for life unlike some Americans!
enjoy your next 2 years because then iou wil be in the unemployment line
Senator Heller: Keep up the great work! 
We don't want a wall. There has been zero migration for years from the Mexican border-It's the Orange Stain's folly to get $$
serve your state by having a town hall meeting.
hey, get you butt to a town hall meeting, what are you doing, vacationing in Mexico
ICYMI: We wanted to talk w/you Weds at Gold Dust West. It was cold, but we waited. Why are you so scared to face us?
May you should stay there and start digging and build the wall all by yourself since you refuse to hold a town hall
leave it to @RepKihuen and @RepJackyRosen to set an example of how to actually speak to their constituents.
don't forget @SenCortezMasto was all over Nevada. Where's @DeanHeller? Ran for the border
Rubbing elbows with Not My Constituents again. Nevadans are watching.
we don't have money to aid our sick, but plenty to build a wall.
how about holding a town hall? You work for us, not corporations and Trump
How do you ignore all these people, sleezedog
who paid for this?  Maybe it will come from money taken fro education thanks to your confirmation of Betsy DeVoss???
Two words. Town. Hall. Oops a couple more. In. Person. And a couple more. Not. Phone. And...Not. Online.
Please stop this nonsense, Mr. Heller. Our state needs a leader.
We don't want a wall. Use the money productively for infrastructure and health. Schedule a town hall #shitgibbon #Skeered
Did you have a Town Hall at the border?
That's a good way to avoid having a town hall meeting with your constituents. By the way, you live in Nevada. 2018.
nope didn't miss it. Just curious when you plan on publicly meeting with people
I hope you picked up some cajõnes. Perhaps you should put your house in order first. I think you have some unanswered mail
@reviewjournal Maybe you could tour your state? Your constituents want to be heard. #DoYourJob #LastTerm
Quoting from the RJ is like quoting from Spicer or trump- the RJ is owned and run by Adelson and his cronies edit every story
Sheldon is Deano's sugar daddy. He won't upset his patron saint.
I've got your border, YOU have bigger fish to fry
Accountability in 2018 , if u can't face constituents- resign & go home
we are going to remember how you voted in 2 years when WE vote again!!
why aren't you at the town hall?????????? Give us a reason!
WHERE ARE YOU?!
and are too scared too meet with your constituents. Take a cue from @GabbyGiffords
We don't care! You should be here meeting with US IN THE US!
I got some BS mail about a tele-townhall, if your going to fuck us at least do it from our state.
And what did you learn that you didn't know before?
Here's what I missed: Your Town Hall.
They're dodging the Town Halls like Trump did the draft.
Your re-election is approaching and this just isn't a good look for you...
Town Hall Las Vegas when will you get the message?
We don't care! We don't give a damn about "telephone" town halls that you claim ur having. Come back to NV and DO YOUR JOB!
last request sir. Please schedule in person town halls so we can ask you questions. If you continue to hide please resign.
What's this I hear? You are going to Adelsons house for a meeting but won't hold a Town Hall? #truecolors @talkaboutit84
you should be more concerned with your constituents
That was Tuesday.  Tonight Dean Heller visits Sheldon Adelson's house in Vegas with hands outstretched for dollars.  Priority
Can't wait to vote you out!
I am not a "paid protestor."  I am your constituent & want to speak with you.
also did you like forget where Nevada is? 
DH:*Home means Nevada in background... "crap, where is that again?"
what about Nevadans Trans youth?
They're protected under our State law, since 2011  I love our State!! 
Hmm... all these constituents screaming for a town hall don't seem like "paid protesters" to me. #DoYourJob #THERESISTANCE
15,000 new federal employees? Is that fiscally conservative? $$$  What about the deficit? Stop hiding
@DeanHeller How about touring the needs of NV? U r scared of someone "boo-ing" at you! Then stop blindly following trump
@DeanHeller You should read ur website "curbing out of control spending" "balancing the budget" Nothing to do with security
Sure, talk generalities about security.  Will you please articulate a clear position on Trump's immigration enforcement plan?
the wall is a waste of time and money. You're clearly putting party over country. Meet with Nevadans instead of this shit.
Nevadans want s healthy discussion about education and where are you? At the border of US and Mexico?  Get back here now!
when is your town hall
what do you actually do besides the exact opposite of what your constituents want?  We want you on our side, don't run
did you discuss how horrible of an idea Nevadans think the wall is?  Unlikely. You were at a @GOP group petting party
joined a klan meeting rather than face his constituents. Funny how you're scared of us but not them...
#NV ranks 50th out of all 50 states in education. What are you doing about that? Confirm...@BetsyDeVosED and run to Mexico?
Why don't you pay attention to your own state? You are nothing but a puppet for Trump. Approval rating 38%. What's yours?
An approval of Sen Heller is an 100% approval of President Trump. A Vote for Dean Heller is a vote for Donald Trump.
So how are you going to pay for that Great Atrociously EXPENSIVE Wall?
The idea of 2000-mile border wall is promoted by President Trump and Supported by Senator Heller.
#NoWallNoBan Hate has no place in this country. Get to work and stop pandering to your #GOP overlords #NV #ImmigrantsWelcome
Why weren't you in #NV meeting with #constituents?  We were waiting on you.
would have rather you spent the time in a town hall meeting Listening to our concerns Senator Heller.
@GOP has a klan meeting at southern border and you show up?  Hmmmm
remember that time we wanted you to Tour the southern border? Me either. But you did it anyways
right on. We want you here in Vegas to answer our questions and tell us why you voted the way you did
why won't you meet with Nevadans and discuss our concerns in a #Townhall in #LV?
The invasion you should be concerned about is the one that involves Russians upending our democracy.  #VoteHellerOut
Curious--were you elected to serve Texans or Nevadans? Because we'd sure like to see your face in the Silver State soon.
oppose SJR 18. The killing of hibernating bear & wolf pups in their dens
say NOto killing bear & wolf pups in their dens. And no to wasting tax money on a wasteful wall to make a select few $$$
So u have time for touring but not a town hall with the people you work for? Coward
please make time to meet with your constituents this, your "off" week. Many important matters we want to discuss with you.
Hey there Deano....ICYMI:  you have constituents you were elected to listen to and represent.  #hellerworkingatchilisin2018
.@SenDeanHeller We know, you had a fun little trip to Texas and lunch with the Chamber, don't mind us we're just your constituents
NO WALL....stupid waste of money..use that money to expand Medicaid and Medicare...
what about the Security between trump and Russia
if you use my tax dollars to build a wall no one wants I'll spend 20 to unelect you
CA, AZ & UT are on the southern border of NV. 
Time for TX but not NV? 
Don't use my tax $ on a TX wall. 
#VoteHellerOut
Actually, I believe the Senator needs an education on Nevada.  He can't seem to find our state.
How about you meet & discuss this issue with your constituents? Why are you avoiding a town hall meeting?
That's all great BUT you REFUSE to represent your constituents!!! #Dumpheller
evades his constituents @CatherineForNV is available to us. @DeanHeller who do you work for?
Anything to ignore us at home.
ICYMI your constituents would like to see you in person.  Please make yourself available. Stop ignoring the citizens of NV.
too bad you didn't meet with constituents in Reno.
Your temp job is coming to a close soon, Senator.
Your party is whining that people from outside their states & districts are showing up at town halls. That's not NV
Yet, you are afraid to have a Town Hall with your constituents? #Coward
are you holding any town hall meetings during recess? You keep tweeting. You keep ignoring us. I'll keep asking.
Nobody missed it,  they just don't care.  We will care when you listen to your constituents instead of putting party first.
that's telling him. You want him here in Vegas facing us and answering our questions
But you you won't meet with your constituents!!
no we did not miss the fact that you ditched Nevada voters and ran to Texas to avoid answering questions that we have. 2018
when will you be holding town hall meetings in Nevada? #lasvegas #reno #elko voters all have a lot of questions for you.
of course it's already Thursday, and you have to be getting back to work in Washington DC for tRump. You must have forgotten
that you work for us, and not tRump. Will you be asking for an independent investigation into Russia? Will you be asking for
don's taxes? Will you be voting for the repeal of ACA? And what will it be replaced with and how will that affect Nevadans?
will you continue to support don's nominees even if they are bad, like Pruitt who was rushed thru the senate even thou there
we're questions about his connection with big oil. Why did you not wait til the emails were released? Would that have changed
your vote?  When will you be back in Nevada to meet with us? We don't want a phone call meeting, or a facebook meeting. 2018
