You have my respect for breaking w your party and dissenting on such a flawed health care bill
Thank you sir for standing up for your constituents-Big $ wanted you to vote "yes" now, but you want a better deal for your people!  Thanks
Hold your no vote! Your constituents are who you represent. Don't sell them out, their votes can't be bought by big business.
Thank You, Senator for standing strong for the most vulnerable citizens.
Sen, Please remember our conversation. We are counting on you. @mssociety @CF_Foundation @liverUSA > research: http://annals.org/aim/article/2635326/relationship-health-insurance-mortality-lack-insurance-deadly …
Please continue to stand strong against this bill. It strips ACA protections that saved my family when we lost coverage during my pregnancy.
You are on the right side of history for opposing this #BRCA bill - thank you for leading the GOP by example. Hope you keep up the good work
Please stand strong against #TrumpCare. Trump & his PAC are attacking you for standing up for your constituents. Senate bill doesn't help us
You can't just spout off without actually saying what it is that will actually hurt you in the bill. What is it?
Fight on! @SenDeanHeller Fight On!  Stay strong and hold firm with that NO vote.  Thank you!!!!  #Nevada supports you.
START WITH THE REPEAL AND REPLACEMENT OF NOBAMACARE
Stay strong. Resist your party's efforts to persuade you.
No plan will be perfect, it just needs to help the most people have basic coverage at a price the country can afford.
If you want to represent your constitutes and have a chance in 2018, keep resisting what you know is wrong. Fight against the pressures.
may other congressional backbones be strengthened by your example
Thank you for reminding your peers: 'lemmings' not archetype that built our nation
Thank for your stand against the Senate Healthcare bill! I've read they're putting pressure on u. But stay strong for us!! Thank you!!
NO ACA Repeal - NO deals!
Thank you, Senator Heller.
Can't free the world if they don't have sufficient and affordable healthcare coverage. Remember this as you sit at the table w/ colleagues.
Premiums, drug prices too high. If you are going to oppose healthcare bill then propose better, innovative, creative ideas of your own.
We need leadership, fresh ideas, and relief, not just obstruction -especially with drug prices!
Please vote no on the GOP plan.  Don't take away my friends' cancer coverage.
I cannot support a piece of legislation that takes insurance away from tens of millions of Americans and hundreds of thousands of Nevadans.
Let's get it done now!
Thank you for saying No to Trumps healthcare bill. It does not cover pre existing conditions and is a Mean bill for cancer patients.
As a cancer patient I ask you to vote against state waivers for essential health benefits. Keep, improve and fund the ACA.
#NoTrumpcare
Thank you for your leadership
.@SenDeanHeller these citizens are what makes America great--right now.  Stop Trumpcare.  Do not throw them under the bus.
This will never be accomplished if the AHCA is passed. Please vote NO.
How can you afford to pay 35,000 dollars to attend a Trump fundraiser?
Sorry but until he actually cast that NO vote, I can't help but not believe him.
1) Worked Hlthcare 17yrs. Providers save billions on admnstrtve $ if U.S. moves to single payer system-lowers hlthcare cost nationwide, vs
2) Trumpcare closing provider & hospital doors. PLEASE STOP TRUMPCARE!
A WARNING, DO NOT FOLLOW INTO THE LIBERAL DEMS TRAP.  WE, THE TRUMPERS, WILL VOTE YOU OUT LIKE JOE HECK IF YOU DO
Millions of Americans appreciate your courage on HC. It's the right thing. Your current predicament is why Citizens United is bad law.
Essential benefits include routine cancer screening. Please don't  sell out our health to give lower taxes to the rich!
You're a true American hero, thank you.
Please vote against #trumpcare.  No one likes it and it will hurt millions.  We need you to stand up against this terrible bill.
Thank you Dean...for taking a stand for Nevada health care
Nicely played Senator.  Thank you for your "No" vote on McConnell care. And for standing up against Trump! Thousands of Nevadans agree!
You ment to say #WealthCare reform, didn't you?
-in Europe, we got for all people a contributary medcare syst. like obama care. Everybody profits. keep on!
Thank you for saying NO!  You are wonderful to stand up for the American people.. President Trump even thinks the bill is Mean.
Thank you for standing against cutting life saving treatment from women, children, and the elderly!
Please vote against the BCRA, Senator. The Dems and GOP working together can find a way to improve the ACA.
Please hang in there Senator Heller! You did the right thing. Dont let them try to buy your good conscience. I am a dem but would support U
We're not cheering your NO position on AHCA yet. You need to actually cast that vote when the time comes.
Sen Dean Heller, just heard that you're back to talking to Sen Turtle Head about throwing your constituents under the bus with the ACA.
Thanks Senator Heller for not supporting this disastrous health bill.
Please say you're still a NO. It's tough enough being sick, please don't add the terror and stress of this horrific bill #HellerVoteNo
Free the world from a health plan that is imploding...Obamacare!  Are you going to pay for it. Oh, I forgot, you get gov't insurance
ACS-CAN strongly opposes this bill!
Are you actually "going back to the table"? Please do not reconsider your NO on this dangerous bill.
FIRE Obamacare
I appreciate you being a good man and standing up for those who need you. I'm Democrat who respects you.
I'm sorry you were publicly bullied by America First Policies for standing up for your constituents interests. Don't give in to the pressure
Stay strong! Don't vote "yes". Country over party!
please vote no, cancer patients will suffer under this bill
Trump-care doesn't help anyone but  the rich,  Vote no!!! Start over or fix the problems with Obamacare. Time for a bipartisan commission
Please say no AHCA!  Don't let them buy you off!  America needs you to be a leader!
Don't cave Senator
Thank you for doing the work of finding the needs of our healthcare system.
Nice.  Now get out of the healthcare business.    Repeal only.
Disappointed you are allegedly "back at the table" I created your balls, and expected you to keep them.
Everyone telling you to vote NO. voted against you or can't even vote in Nevada. you better understand who your constituents are!
I don't agree with your politics, but I do respect the fact that you stand your ground.  You have more support than you know
Belief there's a cure for cancer. It's called CimaVax-EGF a vaccine that was manufactured in Cuba. It only costs $1.00 per shot in Cuba.
Thank you SO much for caring about your constituents and wanting to reach across the aisle to work for a good plan for everyone!!
Also go read a bunch of tweets to Mitch McConnell and see the difference in how your constituents feel about you compared to his
Thank you both for being a productive part of our Health industry. Please stay no senator Heller always vote no on this horrific death bill
Against @realDonaldTrump will cost your election like Joe Heck. Time for a new GOP senator in NV. Obamacare sucks!
Please don't let them threaten you. Stand up.
DON'T LET TRUMP OR MITCH BRIBE YOU WITH SLUSH FUNDS, THAT'S ILLEGAL, YOU WILL GO TO JAIL.  VOTE NO ON THIS HEINOUS BILL.
Thank you, @SenDeanHeller !  #HellerVoteNo
Say goodbye to you're seat. .
Please vote NO!
If this has been political theater, no matter what, voting yes will be dark mark on ur soul. Killing ppl so rich can have tax break horrific
You have true political courage- you colleagues were cowards.
I don't know what they are offering you to bring you back to the table, but is it worth the life of 1 child with cancer? Please vote no.
Remember who sent you to D.C. It wasn't the Dem voters cheering you on now & they sure as hell won't vote for you in 18! #RepealReplace
We need you to vote no. Don't break sir!  Lives are depending on this.  Please vote your conscious.
Senator Heller, please don't be influenced by the Trump SuperPac! The American people are counting on you!
Hopefully you will stand strong and oppose this horrible bill.  Pray about it..
Awesome
PLEASE stick with your NO vote on this immoral #Trumpcare bill!
McConnell will be coming at you with $$ and blackmail.... pleaae stay strong and don't sell us out!
Better be doing everything possible to stop the BCRA
Thank you for standing against this H C bill Dean!
I really understand why he is undecided I've seen the attack ads paid for by planned Parenthood (and tax dollars)
Thank you for your No vote. People will not die if we save the ACA.   Stay strong. Vote No!
Fix ACA. Current Republican bill's are flawed, callous and immoral. Nation needs bipartisan solution. Enough!
Now we need you and the democrats to sit down together and work out a real plan for our country's future
Do not let @POTUS or his super PAC intimidate you
Then someone start by cutting the cancer that is the oval office. @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for listening today #MultipleSclerosis Society and #CysticFibrosis & Liver transplant patients there with you. #ProtectPatiensNOW
Don't forget us.  We are counting on your NO vote. #HighRiskPools would kill us.
Save our healthcare. #HellerVoteNo
Awesome! Continue the good work.
There's not much I can do about ur Party attacking u over health care but I can say thank you for ur brave stand against an awful bill.
As a Democrat from Florida I appreciate your courage & efforts at bipartisanship & just donated to your re-election campaign to say thanks.
#HellerVoteNo 

#StopTrumpCare
God is so disgusting I don't know how anybody could have possibly voted for him after seeing that
How about getting on Sandoval for his Medicaid  for all veto? Making healthcare a right for everyone is the only way.
Vote no on Trumpcare...you will have a chance in 2018 if you do. Vote yes and you have to find a new job.
VOTE YES DONT LET HARRY REEDs people keep misleading u!!
Vote no!
We need @ACA repealed more than we need a replacement, if both can happen great, Medicaid expansion was premature #nofreelunch #truthhurts
My oncologist is adamantly opposed to the AHCA.
I'm opposed 2 Obummercare. How many more R insured? Or, do they just hold healthcare cards that can't be used bc of high deductibles?
Don't back down to those cowards trying to bully you into passing an immoral bill. Stay strong! The overwhelming majority of us are with you
What's immoral is Obummercare ruining healthcare for the middle class with jacked premiums so poor get it free
Save our Healthcare!!!
Thank you Dean for standing up! Please continue to stand your ground. #TrueLeadersMakeTheSacrafice #HellerVoteNo
#VOTENO on heathcare bill. I need my insurance, and will lose it under the Senate bill.
Why don't you hold a #TownHall in Southern NV? It feels like ages since we've seen you down here in #Vegas. Let's chat!
Aren't you at the White House meeting with Trump & McConnell about healthcare right now?
