Transcript? Not open to your constituency? I call BS
Why doesn't anyone know when town halls are? How do we attend?
How exactly does one get to join in on your telephone town hall?  I've sent you office my phone #.  I've called and gave my #
Senator, we should all be notified & allowed to call in.  At the very least audio should be public to all constituents.
what is you grade for President Trump? Mine would be B+, I know he will get better!
2018 may b an eternity for us but will come quick enough for you-.tick tock
why do you not let your voting constituents know about these. Afraid of the hot seat?
when will the recording of this town hall be released so we can hear the questions and answers? #FakeNews
#EnjoyYourLastTerm
you mean #ClarkCounty #NV FINANCIAL supporters? 'Cause I'm a constituent & didn't get invited. Do we send u Rubles now?
question - what would you say to your own children if they hid from the consequences of their choices? This is what you do!!
You mean those few select folks that you had attend? We are watching your voted.
how about an in person town hall so you can see we are real people you and the GOP are trying to destroy?
#EnjoyYourLastTerm

I was on the "virtual" townhall call last night. It was amazingly LAME! And I suspect, rigged. #resist #indivisible #nogo
that's nice.  99%of your constitutants didn't know about it.   How sad you can't come face to face with us.
because he's not representing us. He's representing the GOP and billionaires.
you called my friend. She hung up. I was so bummed. I asked her to 3 way call me in next time. I want answers!!!!
Telephone townhall? Why? Were your rallies for votes by phone? Why not in person? HELLER OUT IN '18!
Meet ur Constiuents Face to Face!!
how about doing a real town hall with real people?
.@SenDeanHeller Meet your voters in person or they will vote you out, sir.
we're going to anyway. He's a traitor.  He works for the GOP not us. He's out
Do more by not allowing Trump to intimidate ur AHCA vote. Changes still do not justify repeal. Plan still uninsures millions!
Why won't you answer my letters?
More live town halls is what your constituents actually want. How many of those do you have scheduled?
I'm on your mailing list, why did I not get an invite? I am a Clark County constituent.
was this similar to Trump's fake rally last night - by invite only?  Don't you represent all Nevadans, not just supporters?
funny how none of us in Clark County heard about this beforehand.
telephone town hall? That's pathetic & you could of done better!
.@SenDeanHeller I asked to be added to that list- what gives?? I thought you could reach thousands of constituents with this dumb method?
why not do one IN PERSON? Since we've been asking daily...
If you truly uphold the Constitution, why are you afraid to meet up with "We the People" in person. Coward!
???!!!! No notice.  This is unacceptable.
Dean Heller should be voted out of office if he does not stand up and vote no on Trumpcare Ryancare.  Bill is unrepairable.
I could not participate in your town hall. Not fair!
like actually holding a town hall and not putting a stipulation where your constituents "aren't allowed to boo"? Profiles
why won't you man up and face us? You won't be rehired if you don't.
.@SenDeanHeller As the torrent of replies shows, no 1 is happy w/ selective invites but even worse is that you won't post a transcript.
When are you holding a live town hall as you promised? We have you on the record from Carson City!
Senator, it isn't a "town hall" when you have to be invited and questions are screened. Oh wait, you know that...
A telephone town hall with the faithful doesn't count.
I have written, emailed, Facebook messaged and called.  What does it take to be informed about this type of call?
Since Heller refuses to talk to constituents without a fixed phone meeting Its time to VOTEHELLEROUT Hail king Trump
I was told if I gave my information to HELLER i would receive notices of meetings and other info. NEVER heard anything. LIARS
No announcement of this event ahead of time on your twitter feed or facebook page. Office not answering phone calls.
Funny how I was never made aware of this. Funny how no one I know knew either. You are pathetic and you're gone in 18.
The rest of your #ClarkCounty #NV constituents' invites must have gotten lost in the mail? Shame on you.

You're gone in '18. Cya wouldn't want to bya.
how do your constituents become informed of these calls?  I have sent email after email after email trying to get a response.
2018 
.@SenDeanHeller Can you actually stand in a townhall meeting, face to face, with real people? Speak to the people.  It is your job.
a true coward come out and show your face and stop calling it a town hall when it's a phone Hall
b******* how come your Democratic and women insurance or not told about it
Telephone town halls are awfully cowardly, esp. when you don't advertise them. How about a real one? We promise not to boo.
Just read the comments. Better start looking for a new job.
good, secret town halls so no can boo you. That'll work
Remember all those times we asked for a telephone town hall instead of a live one? Yea...neither do we. #GoodbyeIn2018
every 2018 campaign discussion must end with this line: "A vote for Dean Heller is a vote for Donald Trump".
why don't you start allowing people to ask real questions?  Oh yeah because you'd have to then answer them...
every 18 campaign discussion starts with this line: "This policy, promoted by Donald Trump and supported by Dean Heller....."
Release the audio...
please have a real town hall meeting in NOrthern NV with notice so people can attend.  Lots of questions.
weak move Senator. Booooooooo. Have a real meeting like a real man, not a fake meeting like a coward.
telephone and paid ticket THs are your way of limiting input from constituents. Be a man. Face the truth. Do your job. 2018
afraid of 'booing' -your way of admitting your insecurities in dealing with the truth &
lack of principles in representation.
do your job. We put you in office. You are NOT representing your constituents faithfully. Sad for you in 2018. Good for us!
even Rachel M on MSNBC showcased your lack of credibility with your constituents. 2018 bye, bye. You are failing NV badly!
That's not a townhall. I'm assuming you only call supporters It seems no one I know or on twitter was called. Ever.#TownHall
I'm registered as an independent and I did receive a call asking me to participate. I listened to the whole thing.
boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
A telephone town hall that no one knew about. This is why I am not voting for you in the next election, sir.
Oh, do you only represent these "invited" guests?
these are public records and we want to see them ASAP #Trumpcare
way to phone it in... would of loved to know about this to ask some real questions to watch you dodge them
@DeanHeller What!!!!!!!?????? I have repeatedly asked to be part of this town hall and was told my name would be on the list
Heller's people said he wanted to expand phone conference to include everyone #lies
told by Heller's people that he wants to reach out to everyone, so tele-town Hall was to be inclusive
pretend senator following along his hero trump waiting for approbation he feels is soon to follow. What a joke on Deano
How do I buy tickets to attend one of the "townhall" meetings? Since I work for a living, will a quarter suffice?
you pussy piece of shit
what about a real town hall. Live. Where you answer questions.
Shame on you! Where was this posted so any of your constituents could attend? Enjoy your last time in office Sir. SAD
I just scanned my email, twitter, & facebook without seeing an announcement of this alleged "townhall."  #NotSpecialEnough
U sent me a letter acknwlging my calls to Washington in opposition of ur votes (TY) but no townhall advance notice/invite?Why
every time you Stone wall us, don't talk to us, vote the straight Republican ticket, is another nail in your political coffin
boo
I would prefer one in person, please.
Face them in person.
chicken
Was there a call? Am I not a constituent? Shouldn't you be letting all of us know what you're up to? Do better. #midterms2018
Town Halls are designed interaction one-on-one face-to-face genius
Are you sure you weren't forced to do that? Sen. Dean Heller http://www.lasvegassun.com/blogs/elsewhere/2017/mar/13/republican-sen-dean-heller-knocks-gop-obamacare-pl/#.WMim_tvKi80.twitter …
don't forget we are watching you
Me too! @eneeveeeighty8 @SenDeanHeller
when and how did u announce this?  U Senator r a coward and a hypocrite. Whatever u just hosted it was NOT a town hall.

why are these things so secretive? No mention online,  no instructions, very little substance. Transparency, you need more.
What an incredible amount of BS that flys out of your mouth. Nobody knows WTH you're talking about. Show up in person!!!!!!
did you do it even telephonically only because you were guaranteed "no boos" as you're taped saying you require? Depressing.
Why not have one in person? Figure you won't come to Elko, we live in Nevada, too.
@ImaginaryRepNV Considering a real, live TH with real, live people? We'd love that! Just a suggestion.
Pretty shifty, Senator. I follow you on Twitter, "like" you on fb & yet this is the 1st I'm hearing of it.
Never heard of this either. By Invite Only? He's out in 2018!
How is it a townhall if we can't choose to participate?

What are you talking about?  How is this the first time we're hearing about this "town hall?"
I got a phone call invitation to join as I was getting ready for work. Passed, figured he'd just mute me.
How about actually showing up IN PERSON?
#ClarkCounty #NV
how about a REAL townhall with REAL people and everything?  Please?
I wasn't notified. Let me know when you are having the next one. I have a few questions for you!
You take a helicopter ride to the border but you can't show up to face your constituents....you're so brave. #socalledsenator
how was one invited to this fake town hall meeting? I never got a notice Was this one of those "special" by invite only?
can you talk about what was asked and how you answered the questions? Or was it a scripted event?
He BS's most of his answers and refer's them to CALL HIS OFFICE A LOT... Basically LAME AS HELL. 
OR  LAME AS HELLER..
#Gorsuch4SCOTUS
maybe show up in person, pal

