You have time to brag about your accomplishments but not time to listen to or respond to any of your constituents??
Dean's stuff from most to least important:Sage grouse,his chummy political donors/friends, and what's a constituent?
I agree. I went through all his comments and he responds to zero constituents, then posts more pics of himself
Absolutely. We the people must hold him accountable on November 6th, 2018.
Oh I will make it my personal mission to ensure he is not re-elected.
it’s going to be tough to hire high tech when our kids don’t get a decent public education
you forget you work for us your constituents and your votes say not for long
Heller voted yes on Devos & Mnuchin. No one in Nv. should work with him, doesnt care about NV. VOTE HELLER OUT
is this how they whipped your vote? A shiny new title was all it took to sell out NV children. #pathetic
Please use real facts and science when making decisions.
spineless.  Ur out. You didn't listen to us. Better listen up pal start looking for a job
you made the wrong vote on DeVos so Nevadans will vote you out next!
How about you do Nevada proud and remember this is a blue state. You could be a hero.
he was the one that put legislation together to dismantle ACA even against our GOP  GOVERNOR
literally nothing will get me to vote for you in 2018 after you sold out our children's education.
you don't care about education since you voted to confirm DeVos.  Business can't grow without educated public
don't get comfortable
just saw ur vote on DeVos. u should think about polishing up ur resume. no Heller for NV in 2018. 89147
- just say NO TO DEVOS!
- how soon does your term end?
Why don't you come to Las Vegas? VOTE HELLER OUT 2018. Hail King Trump, the illegitimate boy king.
and you should be ASHAMED of you yes vote for DeVos
enjoy the seat while it lasts 2018 is right around the corner. #DeVosvote listen to NV voters
please protect our environment. No to EPA & Dept of Agriculture picks Pruitt & Purdue whose interest are to expand pollution
shame on your for voting for DeVos. We will remember this
Are you gonna try to make more things worse for Nevada? I hope you feel DEEP DEEP shame.
Who's gonna fill those energy tech jobs- smarter workers from other countries? DeVos will gut Education. Thx!
your vote to confirm DeVos shows you're a spineless puppet of Donald Trump - NV is already last in education so why not
how bout a few bred crumbs for Nev State retirees?
If you don't #VoteNoDevos we won't  have educated workers.  #DoYourJob
Will you investigate Trump's lack of financial transparency and his conflicts of interest?
how about be proud to say NO on DEVOS?!!!!??! 89081 voter. If you say yes, its a NO in 2018 for you.
Shouting over here from 89131 VOTE NO #noDevos
.@SenDeanHeller If you vote YES on @BetsyDeVos, these industries will suffer because our education will suffer. VOTE NO ON DEVOS.
.@SenDeanHeller What would make us proud of you is a No vote on DeVos. You want a well-educated future workforce, yes? DeVos is not the way.
You should be ashamed of your pathetic support of DeVos.  NOT what your constituents wanted.  #outin2018
While we're at it, vote no on Sessions & Pruitt & DeVos as well.
Then please vote no on cabinet members who will hurt NV finances - incl Price & Mnuchin
I am so discussed with republicans!You are not the moral party! Money and power is all you care about. NO!
How many NV kids get those jobs in the future with DeVos leading the degradation of our public school system?
no on #DeVosvote
please also support #publiceducation #NoonDeVos
he wont answer his phone or respond 2 constituents. Catch him at LCC Feb.17
NOOOOO DEVOS!
For the love of god, No on DEVOS! Listen to the people of NV!!!! You could be a hero!
vote NO on DeVos!!!!
.@SenDeanHeller @GOPSenFinance You won't be in office to see infrastructure once you get done voting for privatizing schools via Devos.
For heaven’s sake, LISTEN to your constituents!  It’s insulting to see you continue to tout yourself here while ignoring us.
vote NO on DeVos!!!!!!!
Vote no on DeVos! 89106 voter.
#Protectorpubliclands #NODAPLXL The PEOPLE are watching. We demand investment in Renewable jobs/energy.
There is no future in any of those areas without education, listen to the people and vote NO to DeVos!
I'm a 89178 constituent and a yes vote on Devos gets you a loss in 2018 #noDevos
#VoteHellerOut. I'm done with home not listening
stop the restrictions on solar
Thank God they didn't let you anywhere near education. We said No on DeVos, you didn't listen.
Vote NO on Devos !
Vote no on DeVos. Should some common sense. She is not qualified
Should have said "show" some common sense
If you don't support public schools, you don't represent Nevada. #NoDeVos
#noDevos
No DeVos.
How about focusing on our children's education? Vote NO on DeVos
in case you missed any part of how bad #DeVos is for education http://53eig.ht/2izsmmK .  Vote NO #DumpDevos
how about showing real leadership and opposing the morally and mentally unfit President?
great!  wish you had focused on keeping robo-signing swamp dweller 
mnuchin out.- an 89423 constituent
vote no on DeVos!
Please reconsider DeVos. NV needs public education, and she knows nothing about it except it's not profitable
if you enjoy your public office and want to keep it, vote NO on Devos. Remember your vote is public record, we are watching.
Hey, you wanna rep your constituents and do something about the totally corrupt exec branch? Or y'happy being a pigeon's ass?
Nevada won't have any of that if you vote yes on #DeVosvote   Education is already bad in NV. Y make it worse?
you aren't listening to the voters of Nevada who are asking you to vote NO on #DeVosvote  Bad 4 USA Bad 4 NV
#VoteHellerOut. He doesn't listen to his constituents.
no he does not, listens to @GovSandoval because of the voucher program. Not the big picture
of how she is overall terrible for education and the children of Nevada
Nevadans are STILL calling u and u are willfully ignoring us! Nevada is a large rural state! Vote NO on DeVos
today we want you to stand up for our children and VOTE NO on Devos. Think re-election #noDevos #NotoDeVos
proud of you!
I'd be proud if you VOTE NO ON DEVOS!!!
Not for much longer if you don't vote no on #DeVos
