My Hero. Lets blame the bump stock. What a load of BS. RINO!
I wouldn't put it past Fast & Furious 2 Obama Holdovers in FBI gun running trying to local terror cell going side ways. I would wait 4 truth
NRA blood money. #VoteHellerOut
Maybe they just need to screen out libertards from gun purchase
and BTW my family served and are liberals so I dare you to call us traitors. DJT is a draft dodger. We are #GoldStar he disrespected us. FU
John McCain and John Kerry served too.
Remember John Kerry is a liberal are you gonna call him a libtard too?
Hell yes
So what about your draft dodging so called pussy grabbing Russia loving potus huh? Dude I bet you never even saw combat
This is so much pathetic pandering. Pass a damn law to ban them you coward! Then donate your NRA blood money to the victims.
Nope.. you will lose your seat and good riddance
You want to explain yourself here DEAN??? This is SCARY & SHADY.
Why? You can "bump fire", using just your hands and arms. 
Support nat. concealed carry  reciprocity and the SHARE/Hearing Protection  act.

Why would anyone have them, except the military?
Even that"s questionable. Military has full auto weapons. There's no purpose for "bump stocks" except to mimic full auto. Risk is too high.
 % agree!
They have already made an announcement - so I guess you have to do your job!?
Murder is banned that didn't stop him.  He would have used the car or explosives next.  Laws only stop law abiding.
1.5million lives lost to abortion.  Guns million times safer easily.
Abortion will kill 100 Vegas's worth of people tomorrow, yet we accept it for the right to choose?  Guns seem a million times safer.
Cars killed 50000 last year are we going to ban certain models or features.  That's 1000 Vegas's.  Cars don't kill guns don't, people do.
How about a bill that makes them illegal? That is your job correct? Do it. Need help I work with weapons everyday and will help you.
First of all...DID U GET PERMISSION FROM THE NRA???
Legislation is needed. interpretation will only result in litigation. You're leaving it to the whim of whatever NRA shill occupies the WH.
Wake up Stand up with our President Trump
Was your picture included? Oh wait... of course it was! #DoMore
Was this before or after you backed the NRA?
Send a tweet to @realDonaldTrump and stop this war mongering with NK. The man is mentally unstable!
Mr Heller I don’t see any where the word Legislation A review will say it’s part of a gun just like the last administration did. Go to work!
Too late 50 gun shows nationwide today- bump stock sales through the roof wo ID- guess there will be many more Las Vegas like slaughters.
After NRA said they might support this. Disgraceful
We deserve a break from the NRA owned GOP!U regulate women’s health rights, but won’t regulate how guns r sold in this country! #Resist 2018
Senator, please reconsider your position! Many pro Second Amendment people are saying they will either not vote for you or vote "none of the
above in the general election! That TERRIFIES me! We need you to confirm more conservative Judges on the SCOTUS! Just as GHWB lost to Bill
Clinton in 1992 by several traditionally conservative southern states voting Democratic and the loss being the result of the split in the
conservative vote between Bush and Perot, the same could happen in 2018 with "none of the above" splitting the conservative vote enough to
throw your seat to the Democratic candidate! Don't be afraid to be a true conservative and not a RINO!
We need a lot more than just this.  You are against all of the policies that I'm for so I will work toward a Democrat taking your seat.
Hopefully you support a full-on ban. And all those who recently rushed to buy such an item should be tracked and forced to surrender it.
Dems tried to make them illegal long before the Las Vegas massacre. Why didn't you support that effort? @NRA cash kept you quiet?
That's dandy. NOW what about the fact that a person can amass that much high-powered weaponry & kill hundreds in 10 min. #GunControlNow
My Senator passing the buck, ducking the issue, riding the fence, doing the @NRA s work.
Are u giving back their money? Until u do that u are lobbying for them.
Dean, One of many gun issues that need reviewed.  Should have done years ago but you guys owe the @NRA to much to get anything done.
Heller clutches his pearls & writes a letter!
Little late to the party senator. Do your job!!  God your such a tool!!  I truly hope come Jan, 2019 it’ll be EX senator Heller.
Ummmm how will this affect your A rating from the NRA? And do you plan to give back the donation? Let's face it, you're on your way out.
Do more, Sen Heller
You want a prize for sending a letter. What are YOUR feelings on the issue? If you're scared, just say you're scared.
"BREAKING" is used incorrectly here.
Do what must but I will be holding you personally responsible for not getting the share act passed. I'm extremely disappointed.
???LEGALITY??? Try thinking about the utter insanity of allowing sales of fixtures making machine guns available to every domestic terrorist
So what you 2faced http://rat.You  flipfloped on healthcare and have your nose buried in Trumps BUTT.
Not needed. We need to outlaw the MANUFACTURE of these devices. There is no ligitimate use. Criminals will get them if they are made.
Why are you blaming Obama?
NRA blood money in Heller's pocket. Bump stocks is a bandaid on a gaping American wound. Guns for GOP political profit will end. #VoteHimOut
You are a legislator - they are merely regulators - if the laws are vague, who has the power
You want a medal for your letter? 59 people are dead and you want attention for a letter. You're a dead man walking
@SenDeanHeller donate your NRA monies to the LV victims. 
#NRAownsHELLER
This anti gun act  is just fluff to placate the gun banners. You can fire the same way (as fast), just using your hands and arms.
Glad to see. That I hope you vigorously support banning them. Should be bipartisan slam dunk
NRA stooge
NOTHING breaking about this... #Collierville  #TooLittleTooLate #DumpDean
Instead of blaming Obama why not actually do something more to stand up to the nra? Always pointing fingers; but never passing gun regs..sad
Cool and ask 100 FBI people have zippo after 5 days!  (Yeah so I need that job).
Snide way to blame Obama for bump stocks rather than your own party who is OWNED by the NRA. Going after bump stocks is a distraction.
You know Obama would have gone after tougher regs if he could have gotten Rebubs in congress to play. You guys always have to lie & cheat...
picking bump stocks so you don't have to do any other serious regs that would actually protect Americans. Who do you work for again?
Sickening. You vote against a bill in 2013 that would have banned bump stocks, then blame Obama Admin. Now this.
Not nearly enough. This is a bandaid for the real problem #gun control
Stop taking NRA money
Oh, you mean to avoid having to actually pass legislation?
If you’re going to relive yourself of responsibility for legislating why not just resign?
Brave move. Nice of you to wait until the NRA told you it was ok before doing it.Do you ask them when you can pee? Do they let you hold it?
Can't quit kissing tRumps ass, can you?
ACTING Director. Your @POTUS hasn't filled HUNDREDS of vacant appointments
Have you contacted Franklin Armory in Minden who has applied for a patent for even better "bump stocks"?
1/2 Interesting. The NRA approved Congress to look into bump stocks and you are all jumping at their bidding. Why don’t you listen to all of
U all r wasting your time. By now all potential nut jobs have bought them. Too little to late. The motto I have for you.
Way to try to make it about Obama, wrong.  Just ban these things and semi autos too, we don't need them
Wow... you’re the definition of “far too little, way too late”. But we aren’t gonna need to deal with you much longer #DumpDean
Meanwhile you're in bed with the NRA. What a shame.
Outlaw assault rifles. They're for grown men who are trying to compensate for their small "hands". My child's safety is more important.
It's a step-please do more
https://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/las-vegas-shooting/las-vegas-shooting-what-we-know-about-victims-so-far-n806961 … 
#LasVegasShooting #LasVegas
And while you are at it Senator, how about a ban on assault weapons!!  They belong on the battlefield, not on our streets!  #gunviolence
I am a veteran we don't use those weapons on the battle field snowflake
about the least you could do.
And while ur at it let's ban cars and alcohol to end drunk driving.
Just shows how little you know.
The first sensible thing you've done EVER. NOW HOW ABOUT JUST BANNING MODIFIACTIONS THAT VIOLATE THE SPIRIT OF THE AUTOMATIC BAN
Thanks but you couldn't refrain from the blame game could you?  Try to unify not divide.
You’re such a hypocrite Dean. All of a sudden regulation matters. Your “sincerity“ won’t last and your constituents know it.
No abortion. No birth control. No maternity leave. No health care for your kids. No care for you.
You tweet about sending a letter.  Introduce legislation to BAN these and common sense gun laws.  Til then you are all hypocrites.
Here you go again. It’s clear you are a sell out to Nevadans. I hate myself for voting for you
Your feeble attempt at growing a pair? Too little, too late. History will not be kind to you
Enjoy your primary.

We will.
Too little too late
BFD. YOU HAVE BLOODY HANDS!!!
Pure evil?This evil was painfully banal.An angry man w/legal access to weapons of mass destruction.As others said, do more. #GunControlNow
Soooooo... you write a letter basically blaming Obama....? 
Clearly you need help sir!! #sad 
He learned that from Trump since he had his nose in Trump's ass now
Senator Heller Republican governance has tried to repeal and replace ACA they failed.
Healthcare is in national intrests
Well citizens good
Do something useful: obamacare repeal, tax cuts, restricting immigration. This headline-grabbing nonsense ain't worth a bucket of warm spit.
“review” is another word for taking no action.
That's a little late. The shooter in Las Vegas had two other accomplices, the NRA and politicians like you that are bought and paid for.
It is a farce to avoid changing the law & to try to pin blame on prior admin rather than promulgate a clear statute.
Same trick the NRA is trying to pull off
photos of the 9 signatures at
9 GOP senators call on ATF to conduct review of 2010 guidance on bump stocks, issue new interpretation in wake of LV shooting: 
Senator Heller did you really fail NV children by not supporting CHIPS?
Shame on you sick children children's healthcare 
Well children good
If you are a proud member of the NRA, Please go public with your constituents. 
Denounce urban assault weapons they are not
Sporting arms
Senator Heller are you a proud member of the NRA?
Your Second Amendment position is one of the few political items you have the balls to own
I have more ideas for you, now that you are finally laying attention. I want to help end gun violence. If you do, contact me.
Ban assault weapons.
...no such thing.
Since you have permission from the NRA on this one
Wow, that's pathetic. My parents live in #Nevada and are looking forward to voting you out. They are both life long @GOP but are done.
Stop paying lip service  to gun control (whilst blaming Obama). Stop taking NRA money.  Support *real* gun control.  Then we can talk.
Courageous decision to advocate this NRA-approved measure.
Omg Dean, you're so BRAVE! How much did you get from the NRA?
$45,390 and counting
Ban assault weapons. This is nothing. They have bump stocks for hand guns too.
You claim to be a responsible firearms owner.
You know the difference between your firearms and Paddock' s arsenal. 
Ban assault weapons
...no.
OUTLAW BUMP STOCKS NOW!!! Make them illegal to own, no grandfathering
That is the LEAST U CAN DO!!!!!
Urban assault weapons IE AKs, SKs, Mac10,ARs, are urban assault weapons. 
Play any first person shooter. CALL OF DUTY
The potential carrnage
You sent a whole letter with words and everything? How about #GOP #GunControl legislation & outlaw bump stocks now! I forgot, #NRA $, right?
Senator Heller, Nevada needs leaders not shills. 
Your position on the Second Amendment will not allow you to view Urban assault weapons
It's his position in the GOP and NRA $$ that makes Heller turn a greedy blind eye to military weapons on the streets of Nevada, #BloodyHands
While very loudly and clearly sickeningly pandering to NRA.
How brave! Right after the NRA gave you permission!
The only thing you contributed to that letter is you signature.
Please yank the security clearance of Jared and @IvankaTrump while you’re at it.
This is not enough. Do more. #gunreform #GunControlNow
Oh right. Follow suit. Such a leader. Little late to the game you weakling.
Do more. #GunControlNow
The reason why it was under the former president is because, it was an issue during his term. We as people won that right. Unfortunately,
These where the results. Now, we must reconsider a law that was passed by the people.
And, this is a new term that this tragedy fell upon. Prayers to the victims and, will light a candle at church for.
Please, relate these messages to our current president. And, for your information mr. President i did not vote for you.
.@SenDeanHeller took in $21,350+++ directly from @NRA & has horrible record on reducing gun violence. 

Urge him to #SendBackTheBloodMoney
"Heller..voted for..amendment to prevent...BATFE...from..centralizing records of thousands of Americans' long gun purchases."
NRAendorsement
Sooo.... you literally did the postal edition of exactly what the NRA did? Cool. What’re your plans for the private sector?
Do. More. This is literally the least that you can do.
