Hey, Heller. Take our name off this bill. It's embarrassing.
Annual surcharges for individuals with pre-existing conditions. Ask your Senators to oppose the Graham-Cassidy health bill:  (202) 224-3121
A triumph in rebranding shit more like it
For all who call @DeanHeller' LV office, the woman who answers is belligerent & calls mainstream media reports re bill fake news. Horrible
Did you catch her name?
No. But she was really rude. I let the D.C. office know about it. No need for his staff to be belligerent to his constituents
Trust me Dean, you'll be vilified in Nevada forever
Already is
Yes, with the way you have betrayed your constituents & the great state of NV, we already hate you
Amen
You misspelled "heartless greed-fueled abomination"
Definitely NOT in favor of this bill! We need to protect essential health benefits for Nevadans!
Really. What we (Nevadans) say is this is BS. There is NOTHING good about this amendment. It fails the #KimmelTest. Cassidy lied to #Kimmel
What they're saying: Heller is a goner in 2018.
Let's not just say it, let's vote it.
HEALTHCARE BILL Cassidy/Graham. Please read the fine print, do not be a Trump puppet & manipulate you agains your constituent!
I wonder what Trump has on him
Do you ever even read your Twitter because obviously if you did you'd see that you're making a mistake it's so obvious you don't give a s***
Just in case @SenDeanHeller missed this tweet
.Why were you laughing your dumb ass face off while standing in back of Sen Cassidy when he was lying about #GrahamCassidyBill 
Never Forget
GCHJ is the WORST of the repeal bills so far. You promised to vote in the best interest of Nevadans; supporting this bill makes you a liar
I think you are full of it.
Forbes: “Reversing the coverage gains that occurred under Obamacare would increase the population of uninsured veterans from 5.8% to 9.1%.”
Graham-Cassidy will hurt patients and destabilize US health care. 16 major patient groups joined together to say NO to Graham-Cassidy.
I hope constituents in your state vote your ass out of office . Have you no conscience ; to deny health coverage ?
They are calling it a disaster, a crisis, and reckless legislation. Nevadans will die, and their deaths will be your doing. How do u sleep?
will you make sure Nevadans will not see lifetime caps and preexisting conditions will be covered at an affordable rate?
No it's not! #NoGrahamCassidy
@GOP @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenDeanHeller @RonJohnsonWI 
Do this and the American people will devour your party. That is a promise.
Yep!!
Then why don't we wait to get the CBO score before you vote on it? Or are you afraid the Koch Bros will pull their multi million $$ promise?
Mean conservative republican working for love and approval from #Cult45 and the #KochBrothers
Horse http://excrement.You  are quoting yourself, Breitbart! How much are Koch Bros, other corporate donors paying you to hurt NV and USA?
VOTE NO #GrahamCassidyDeathBill. Stand up 4 the many not the few, for the weak not the strong, the powerless not the powerful. Save Medicaid
Here's what they are ACTUALLY saying! SHAME ON U & U will BURN IN HELL for LYING to Americans & trying to kill us- :
Really? Punt to the states and run off the field? That's the best you can do? Reach across the aisle and work together already. #voteno
He's a co sponsor of the bill
@ValerieRealVS we know, thats why everyone is writing to him. He should know how we feel whether or not he is going to vote the way we ask.
It is, also, devastating for NV, gutting #Medicaid, hurting veterans; @GovSandoval does not support this - why not focus on bipartisan fix?
Dirty dean sold Nevadans out again
Ignorance is bliss-you must be happy
How much did your soul cost by the way.  Is it worth more than a cancer patients increased treatment costs at least?
This bill is not a good solution. Please vote no and work for a healthy America in a bipartisan way.
Graham - Cassidy is wrong!
.Why has House and Senate voted to keep #ACA Obamacare for themselves and families? All of You are TRAITORS who should be hung in streets!
#Kochtapus
We say it's a bad deal. No one taking calls in Reno and mailbox full.  Great way to avoid feedback buster
"They" are also saying that you'll be primaried and will be out of a job in 2018. I guess "they" are right about 1/2 the time
#Nevada says its a piece of BS legislation designed to hurt coverage, premiums and care..but go ahead and brag about the press coverage.
Is it possible he's unaware the entire state depends on Obamacare to survive?
Of course it's possible.  Senators have the best insurance in the country.  It costs my entire pension!!
The experts say #GrahamCassidy  sucks.  #ProtectOurCare
Triumph of FASCISM. There, I fixed it for you. #nazi
Vote NO my voice as a Nevadan 
No one but you bothers citing the full name of this bill. Are you making sure your bosses know you're on the job?
Vote "Yes" on new health bill
Well "they" sound very incorrect
Just stop Heller!!! You have lost your moral high ground if you vote for this bill.
Did he ever have a moral high ground?
No they're not.  People who've actually read the bill are calling it an abomination.  You should be ashamed for supporting it.
He cannot be ashamed.  He has no soul, conscience or balls.
Doesn't pass the #Jimmykimmeltest. Look it up. Doesn't pass the governors' test either.
Also, you don't know what it will cost! 

That's not conservative. That's insane.
Please, do not vote in favor of their bill. Think of Nevadans for once. Their bill will hurt Nevada and many of those that need the ACA 1/1
Heller is a co-author. His name is on the amendment.
But in reality, every public health org in the country says this is terrible as does your republican governor.
He's not dealing in reality.
GOVERNMENT NEEDS TO STAY OUT OF HEALTH CARE, WE NEED OPEN MARKETS, WE ARE PEOPLE NOT THINGS YOU CAN NEGOCIATE. STAY OUT OF OUR LIVES.
Take a look at what they're saying ...
To stay alive. For once, think about who you will save if you vote NO. You can help Nevada  by letting us keep our healthcare.
Is this what Republicans call responsible policy-making? If so, we're in deep trouble...
I mean this almost literally: all of the funding runs out in 2026. Poof! Gone!

Then what? WHO TF KNOWS ?!?! https://twitter.com/chrislhayes/status/910261510345302016 …
They're saying that you're starting to sound a lot like Trump...SAD!
FYI
"Graham-Cassidy comes with a steep cliff after which all funding for both the subsidies and Medicaid expansion would disappear."
Or does it go for as little as the increase we'll see in maternity costs?
You make me sick Dean Heller.
Who is "They?" Vote yes and you lose your Senate seat
Wrong!
The Republican Governor of our state says this bill is going to hurt your constituents. You are afraid of Trump and the primary. SPINELESS!
Appalling and completely disingenuous.
Does this have anything to do with your atrocious position?

You’re better than this
Who do you work for? Your constituents or Sheldon Adelson? Or McConnel? Or Trump? Neither we nor Sandoval wants this. Listen to your state.
Make sure u vote for this...
Support the governor and don't lie to the people. You're a co-sponsor!! Drop this!
How could you? Shame on you. Change this bill or distance yourself.

No one is saying that and if you want to keep your job you'll do more for the people of Nevada than lie to them.
States are best to administer
After lying to our faces about the last attempt to repeal the ACA, how dare you pull this stunt. You WILL lose your job in 2018
Literally no one is saying that
Gov Sandoval knows this is bad for the state of NV. Support your governor Dean Heller and vote no on the POS bill.
You know this is just a way to take money out o Medicaid and give it to your wealthy donors in tax breaks. No fooling anyone.
And a failure of health care.  Stop the madness, vote no on the disaster that the AMA said violates medical rule #1: do no harm!
What did the CBO say?  Oh yeah.  Right.  You are a liar and a shill.
The AMA and other medical orgs oppose this unethical bill, but we're supposed to take the side of Breitbart and of right wing propaganda?
Your phone Box @ 202-224-6244 & office is closed? How's that? Please Do NOT Vote for Cassidy-Graham Bill! A Death sentence for States.
.Brian Sandoval, governor of Nevada, opposes this awful bill. Sen. Heller, try putting your state & country 1st, not party 1st.
He's been bought off ! He obviously doesn't care about Nevada or America


Ok let's see you give up your #Senate #healthcare #plan and put your #family on this! The #voters of #LasVegas #Nevada are waiting #Nv
LIAR
But, a disaster and disgrace to democracy and Deadly to many. Millions lose healthcare and you brag about it.
Please vote against it! Mine, and millions of others', access to healthcare depends on this vote.
Do not be fooled into thinking this is anything but a DEATHCARE bill! Cassidy lied about what is in the bill
Your sponsorship of this assures your defeat. #GrahamCassidyDeathBill co-sponsored by Nevada's Senator #DeanHeller "A Triumph of Feudalism."
Sold your vote again?  This bill will be devastating for NV. Remember the people you are suppose to be HELPING in Washington?  Vote NO.
#PeopleOverParty seems to be a concept you lack in understanding. Vote NO
I think you don't really know the definition of Federalism. Maybe you should crack the history books again.
Can't wait until you get voted out.
You  failed on all key Campaign issues you ran on. You are beholden to Lobbyists and Special Interests groups. Americans are being Fleeced
LOL.  What a LIE!!!
Look at all the replies shooting you down.  This is a blatant lie and your voters aren't blind.  We will remember and we will vote you down
Look how many likes the replies have versus your tweet.  Not working chief.
But a LOSS for Nevada which will be penalized for having accepted the Medicaid expansion while you sell us out to states that didn't.
Wow, you co-sponsor a disastrous bill and fail to actually know how it is an abomination for NV and all at risk Americans. #NoHeller2018

WTF? Do you really hate your constituents!
I wonder what Trump has on him?
https://twitter.com/Capt_Raven_USA/status/910642485487067137 …

Please go to it and vote... Thanks let them know how we feel 
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Graham Cracker death knell
Do what is right. Vote NO!
You're citing Breitbart. Shame on you.

How about "a triumph of intimidation"
you mean "What radical right wing news outlets are saying about this rushed bill"...more appropriate title.
You're quoting Breitbart? Seriously?
Have not seen one comment favoring your new "health care" bill. You might consider a new resume, you will need it.
What I’m saying: You’re a cruel man who is putting greed and ideology ahead of the health of your constituents. Triumph my ass.
You look miserable in every picture - you know this bill is trash.  Resist the pressure!
The American Cancer Society doesn't call it that.  How did you end up on the same team as cancer?
Appalling lie.  The only triumph is of an extreme form of federalism that rewards Wall St over patient health. NO #GrahamCassidy
Nevada voters are not as ill informed as you seem to think.  This is worse than the one you previously supportrted.
A triumph of the plutocracy!
Do you support the attempt by @SenDeanHeller to repeal the #ACA #RepealAndReplace
How many Red counties voted 4 Trump in Nv? Lots. Tired of voter fraud, tired of you being against #MAGA it was you or a Mexican get a clue!
You mean the potential death of millions of Americans.
Hometown Health is killing our young adults as they cannot afford to take care of health problems.  Worst ins ever look at Renown profits⇧⇧
#Shame on you @SenDeanHeller. More than 60% of Americans don't want this & we #Nevadans definitely don't want it.  #sellout
I hope Nevadans vote you out of office. I'll support your @TheDemocrats opponent!
#GrahamCassidy is bad for NV! No guarantees of coverage and zero mandates! Americans deserve so much more! Work with @SenCortezMasto.
Yeah right, Senator. We've seen that one before.
It's a DEATH SENTENCE! Why don't you listen to @GovSandoval???
All y'all care about is gutting Obama anything and MONEY!! #sad sad sad!!! 
Don't turn your back on Nevada.
That is what ignorants are saying.  Take a look at some bipartisan research. http://kff.org . #noGrahamCassidy #yourlastterm
Please vote NO for this rushed healthcare bill, do what's right for NV and the country...you know better and don't let the GOP pressure you
Cmon own it. Don't just say its what "they" are saying. OWN IT.
Ready to let people die I see.  I hope you can live with yourself.
Please do not let this rushed and desperate attempt to r&r the ACA pass just so it can be said it was done. Protect people not interests. 
Good job on working through this minefield!
Tying affordable health insurance to employment is fundamentally unfair to freelancers/self-employed and sick people who can not work.
You represent the people of Nevada not the GOP! Be true to your heart..FIX ACA, this current proposed bill is the worse so far
Heller knows he's in trouble, and this is an attempt to appeal to a base looking to replace him.
a triumph of killing Americans you mean
People will actually die but sure, what a triumph.
U vote for that and u r toast in Nevada.
Sen. Heller, do not sell Nevadans up the river. Do NOT vote yes for this wreck of a bill. If you do, you'll be unseated with a swiftness
Conman phony crook crooks just want tax cut for billionaires. NO Trump Care @POTUS @SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
No #COBScore. No public hearings. @AmerMedicalAssn opposes. Pregnancy not covered? This has nothing to do with health care.
It's a triumph of moral cowardice. Shame on you.  @RepJackyRosen  2018
NO: that's what proponents of tax cuts for rich and robbing blue states and harming 32 million Americans say. Shame on GOP
Shameful, spiteful, vengeful.  How dare you, @SenDeanHeller
"They're" also saying you have a spine, which is obviously wrong. "They" aren't too bright.
"They" are #FAKENEWS. Listen to your governor.
I think they are talking about you!!
"If there was an oral exam on the contents of the proposal...only two Republicans could pass it.” -GOP aide on G-C https://www.axios.com/repeal-first-ask-questions-later-2487304991.html …
I think they are talking about you!!
"If there was an oral exam on the contents of the proposal...only two Republicans could pass it.” -GOP aide on G-C https://www.axios.com/repeal-first-ask-questions-later-2487304991.html …
Please vote no!!!!
Wondering, do you always believe everything you hear?
Which is major lie .Read it, explain to the millions losing HC or paying more, just how great it is. Shame on you, Senator, for shame.
2018...TIC TOC
You're co-sponsoring this bill you want to make sure sure you're unemployed come November 2018? You work for us this not satisfactory
Then there are others, including NV Gov. Sandoval, who are not afraid to speak out on what YOUR BILL will do to hurt the people of NV. #LIAR
HOW ABOUT WHAT YOUR OWN REPUBLICAN GOVERNOR IS SAYING ABOUT GRAHAM-CASSIDY-HELLER-JOHNSON "REFORM" BILL!
Save it for your ' federalist ' friends.   You won't be around
Another lie. Shame. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy #voteoutheller #hellerno
Lies.
"Triumph for Federalism" is a grandiose label for shifting health care to the states and away from the feds,, Who pays the states? ,
This bill is another bill written by Healthcare Lobbyists and Special Interests groups
We pay 4 your health insurance/you support a bill to eliminate ours.  You know its wrong & yet u would vote 4 it just to pass something? SAD
Who is saying this? Not Nevadans. You sound like Trump now...
Doesn't pass the Jimmy Kimmel test!
Better start packing. You are getting voted out come your re-election.
Must Watch 
America is watching this debacle unfold, they will tell the GOP at the voting booths what they think of your deathcare plan
Right Wing Columnists are saying this Dean. Your constituents are telling you to stop it. You are an embarrassment
Are you kidding me?  I know that Koch money is sweet, but think about the lives of the real humans who will suffer from this terrible bill.
Disastrous to too many of us voters in Nevada. So many problems! Kudos to @BrianSandoval for opposing this bill.
This bill,  and you,  are threats to the people of NV and the USA! #sellout #traitor #enemy #fascist
You're a huge disappointment. Triumph of CAPITALISM RUN AMUCK, not federalism. How are your investments doing?
What is the CBO say? Is it true it will not be done before the vote? Is this what the state of Nevada needs ? Why is this a good bill
@SenDeanHeller, where are your supportets?
He thinks they're here, but it seems to me there are a lot of empty chairs.
Great support of @DeanHeller's Graham-Cassidy-Heller bill @ClarkCountyGOP tonight! #TeamDean 
You cannot seriously believe repealing Obamacare is benefits your constituents or Americans.  It's a bill to soothe McConnell's vanity
Hmmm your name is heller... heller is in the name... there can't be a correlation to your support
Go ahead, hurt the people you would need to get elected again.  Let down your entire state, and help strip healthcare from thousands.
Awful!!! Can't believe you will sabotage Medicare for Nevadans!
Do not support this garbage actually read it and see how many people r hurt by it of course Repub r going to say it's gr8 what a disgrace
Your own governor doesn't support you. This is so disappointing. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy (I know your name is on it now as reward for your Yes)
Unbelievable! This is nothing to be proud of. This is a slap in the face of decent people.
It's grossly despicable. It's worse than the last few attempts. Why do the Rep. Hate women? Do they know where they came from? At a loss!
