Suck up!  SAD you have to kiss the "a" of POTUS for fear he'll start a twitter war with you. You have no morals. Give up your senate seat
Please Senator Heller stand up for nevadans asnd denounce trump. We Will Remember!
You, Ms Montes cannot speak for me, nor I say, for anyone but yourself.
The $500+ I usually make in 3 days, is now down to $300 in 3 days. $20 per hr, down to $10 an hr dor past 3 weeks.
Please, Ms Montes-why is it Potus or Heller's fault if your income has changed so rapidly?
Being this dead when at least 3 conventions have been here each weekend, one was supposed to bring in 100,000 people, makes it worse.
With the holiday coming up I hope things improve for you-my friends said ABC or NBC reported that Las Vegas is on the terrorist hit list
Thanks! That's been for several months. I've been doing this job since April. I'm hoping it'll increase. We'll see come labor day.
Hey Surfer Dude Dean you're an intellectual pygmie.
Grow Up.
Dean Dude : You don't have an idiosyncratic bone in your body. Get outta the way.
Americans:why can't we all work together to improve life for r citizens instead of constant complaints ? That energy could b helping needy.
Was this payback, the Reno veterans? You voted for the GOP replacement health care bill, when Trump threatened your political life.
No it wasn't.
Are you against improving services of VA ?
not at all.  I have a problem with the lying hate-filled messenger.
He is neither lying nor hate filled.
Now you're lying.
Praising the man who made you a party putz and made sure you will face a primary challenger. Do you also support pardons for racists?
Smoke and mirrors. Does nothing for Veterans. Conman phony crooks
Yuck plz try to keep the trash out of #NV
Sad how you feel you are doing something when you are just a stooge singing the ludicrous GOP dance. Be a real lawmaker and help the people
Do the right thing. #ImpeachTrump  #25thAmendmentNow  POTUS is not stable and you all know it. Protect America not pres.
Heller busted lying to constituents once again!
Read the constituent replies here Dean!  Listen to the people!
People are looking for Dean Heller to halt the racist Repeal of ACA. Mr. Heller must know by now, Repeal is about hate of Obama--not policy!
How nice. Glad you'll have fond memories of your time in office, since memories will be all u  you will have come mid terms
I hope your retirement plan is in order
All words
 No action. Impeach.
2018 @SenDeanHeller
The answer to the question, just how far up someone's bottom can one go? Has finally been answered...
no.   he is still digging the hole
thanks for the update.... *shakes head sadly*
What, no comment on Hurricane Donald & destruction to rule of law, the Constitution, & basic human decency? You & Trump have no soul.
Butt kiss much Dean? Coward.
He has stolen from veterans groups. Shame on you for promoting him.
You caved to him. Very disappointed. Im a dem but i see POTUS for what he is. He threatens & twits & blackmails people. RESIST!
i am a Republican and I see the same as you do
BS TRUMP HERE, lost a few more votes Dean.
It was not good to have Fuckface McPotus in Reno.  Nobody wants him here.
And to tell him Neo-Nazis are not good people?!?!?
Read your state, @SenDeanHeller ! It's bluer and bluer all the time! Don't be on the wrong side again.
Dean.  Kissing up to trump won't work.  It's a sign of weakness.  Once he sees it he will attack.  Like a shark.
You mean he signed Obama proposals that were already waiting for him, correct?
going vote you out NV  don't need liar
This is called support and I like it and I vote
Resist! IMPEACH!! He's destroying America and our democracy and YOU are allowing this. SHAME!
Healthcare leg u r also co-sponsoring will cut ~$260M in federal funds to NV by 2026. Shame on you
New @CenteronBudget report shows state-by-state impact of  Cassidy-Graham bill on health care funding. http://bit.ly/2w7rpG2 
Siding with the orange-man will only ensure your ousting, Dean.  Haven't you checked his tanking polls lately?
GOOD MOVE DONALD! GOD BLESS YOU!
Have you found that spine yet Heller?  Or http://are.you  too busy sucking up to Trump?
You must really misunderstand your constituents in Nevada, or is it that you really are ready to get out of the senate?
It is never good to have @POTUS around, the man is a blight
Ewwww!
#Coward
#YouSoldUsOut
No it wasn't. #ImpeachTrump  he is unfit and a racist.
Really Dean? It would have been good to have a POTUS in Reno but you didn't have a POTUS u had a Trump (which is the same as a Turd).
Hey Dean  do you know these people oh you do. Vote Dean out.
How much did he pay you or what did he threaten you with that you are going along with his reign of terror?
You are ridiculous! 
I'm all for veterans and active duty getting the best. But you need to stand for ALL NV. 
#ImpeachTrump #YoureFired
What are you doing to protect wild horses?
you won't get my vote tRump kiss ass!!!
tRump doesn't like you
Yo mean Dean... Washoe isn't gonna save you in '18. Get rekt son. Then go back to lobbying or some legal BS with that shit devouring grin!
Was it Sen. Heller...really, you enjoy the company of @realDonaldTrump I am happy for the legislation, but come on...he is just a scourge.
Let's get to work on tossing the Tangerine Turd out of office so this country can start moving forward again!!
Do what's best for NV. It's obvious, by the massive decline in tourism these past few weeks, Trump is bad for NV.
Our leaders, here in NV should support our diversity and embrace ALL cultures. Nationalist policies hurt NV, has hurt our economy....
We don't want him in our state. White nationalist supporters have no place in NV. We're a tourist town with many world visitors each week...
Was it really tho?
Kiss ass much, Dean? Shame on you. Have you no pride? Again, so busy trying to keep your job you fail to do your job. Trump owns you!!
I'm gonna make that drive EVERY WEEK to make sure you loose. EVERY WEEK...Get ready @MadGreekDeli - YUM! #midterms #Resist
You live in LA.  What are you talking about?
  a nazi sympathizing potus who discriminates against transgenders in the military.
Fuck off, dude
No it wasn't. Stop trying to kiss his ass. He's a danger and an embarrassment. Stand up to him. Or get out.
2 low lives. No difference except Heller supposed 2 represent us. Will pay @ ballot box. Changes positions on a whim.  Sad excuse for a man.
I'm sorry, did someone say something? All I hear is butt kissing sounds. . #VoteHellerOut
Still looking for a spine I see
I will be working for your replacement. You embarrass our state Senator.
You are beyond pathetic.  #dumpheller
#RussiaGate
yes, GOP needs 2 stand together 2 give vets the care they deserve & 2 get healthcare, tax reform done 

Did his orange cum taste good?

I don't think this post is going to help your campaign.
Did you kiss his ass for him Dean?
But Deano. It really sucked to see your president in full metal maniac in Phoenix. You're a ridiculous fraud.
And watch your back - this Ass-clown wouldn't think twice about stabbing it...
Grow a spine and speak the truth-It wasn't anything near 'good' to have him in Reno. He is a national and global embarrassment
It was good? More like sickening
NOT!
It was not good. He's a hate monger. You support a hate monger.
How about legislation to increase the compensation for disabled vets
TELEPROMPTER TRUMPF ...  WONDERFUL 
Awww you kissed and made up?  How sweet
Your vote would have made you responsible for the deaths of many of your own constituents who you swore to represent. Live with that Dean.
Say bye dean!!!
Tarkanian 2018 spineless #rino
Where were you on repealing and replacing Obamacare???
