Lies, voted against repeal, good luck in the next election.  I'm betting you have competition for your GOP office!
Have you met with Nevadans who suffer from pre-existing conditions who will lose coverage if GOP repeals ACA?
Please vote to repeal + replace #Obamacare. I keep seeing all these tweets saying I should tell you not to, so I decided to do the opposite.
Please be responsible with Americans' healthcare.  NO #repeal without #replace.  It will destabilize the market. Business hates uncertainty.
Only  repeal will work that is what we voted for

Wow. Catholic nuns: this is the "most harmful legislation for American families in our lifetimes"; it is "simply immoral" and not pro-life. 
Remember people vote for you not dollars. Your people do not want crappy Trumpcare !  Very bad plan !  SAD !
Hoping you won't vote to proceed on #TrumpCare bill that you have no clue re. content and CBO will not have time to score amendments. #NoMTP
Keep working for real solutions, Senator. Nevada and the rest of America is relying on you to vote NO on the current proposed legislation.
Don't fall prey to Trump! Please vote 'NO'!Save lives-Become our HERO!#ProtectOurCare
32 million uninsured with repeal of ACA. Repeal with no replacement is irresponsible and morally reprehensible! Stay strong, vote no!
I lost affordable coverage the day ACA started, This has been aweful. You know that ACA is failing. Get this taken care of.
Chief among your considerations must be any of us that lose our coverage...a ? U best consider, for it WILL be brought to your door in '18
Please @SenDeanHeller don't buckle for billionaires. Stand up for Nevadans like me who benefited from expanded Medicaid. #Nevada #healthcare
If you vote to repeal &/or repeal & replace, my husband & I are going to vote you out of office. No repeal, no deathcare.
Thanks for putting the people before your party
Heard what Trump said of you today...keep strong in your beliefs!!! Don't let him strong arm u into a yes vote that hurts Americans.
Thank you for putting America first!
If Trump's saying bad things about you you're doing something right McConnell's on  a runaway freight train, no need for you to be on it
Don't be bullied by POTUS Protect America's most ill. Vote no for full repeal without replacement. Thank you.
Do NOT let the bully in Chief bully you into doing the WRONG thing!
We the people would like to cancel all the senators  health insurance until we can have one !!
@realDonaldTrump
Please repeal the ACA let the free open market take over, tort reform, HSA'S, keep government away from healthcare.
Sorry #BS
REPEAL Obamacare! That is what the G.O.P. base wanrs. If not you'll probably get a primary opponent next year.
When history of this terrible administration is written, u and the other (too few) brave GOP who voted NO will b remembered as heroes #ACA
Keep your promise to #REPEALObamacare completely! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
@SenDeanHeller how about meeting with constituents who need access to health care.
Propose temporary expanded #Medicare #Medicaid with full repeal of #AHA 
Everybody covered, #Freemarket for who want it. 
Then, get 'er done
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket #UnitedForFreedom
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/887172147839414272 …
Hope your looking for a new job. Republicans have zero faith in you any more.
Please vote NO on the health care bill!! Nevada deserves better!
#FullRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom
Please come out and state that you're not voting for this bill. There are now two more senators who have come out against it.
A solution for achieving adequate healthcare for your constituents is voting "NO" to changing #ACA which needs tweaking, not repealing. TY
Repeal 0care. Ignore insurance lobbyists.
You had better get the Trump agenda passed because "We the People" are watching and will remove obstructionists from office!!
How about what works for all of America? #VoteNO on #Trumpcare #Deathcare #Wealthcare
I hope you find something soon!!!  all of Nevada is counting on you!! #WhatTheHeller ??
Your camp still has questions? Medicaid expansion? The Congressional GOPe is a joke & you're a Nevada lame-duck Senator kowtowing to Gov.
No doctors except Tom "stock tip" Price like the GOP plan but your career is more important than anything.  Do what's best for you!
Which means u should be a committed NO to the latest plan, despite whatever McConnell is bribing you with. Don't sell your constituents out.
And Sen Heller, this small WHITE group of ONLY MEN, i bet they even told U that #THUGtRumpCare is a disaster. #HellerNO 
WHY NO WOMEN/BLACKS
Show courage and vote for the people and not for the party! Find a way to have the Guts to Vote NO!
Please sir, please vote no to Trumpcare and save American lives. You WILL be a hero. Thank you.

All healthcare professionals are against the GOP bill, why aren't you forceful against it? 22M will loose coverage, 208,500 will die, shame
Please say no to #BCRA.  #KeepKidsCovered. @CityofReno
Millions off the roles + expensive, poor quality plans for those who remain + deep medicaid cuts = ONE LOUSY BILL.  Vote no!
Twitter poll says 76% of NV want ACA-hard to believe, do they only poll Democrats ? Nobody I know has been contacted.
Realize if you vote Yes on Trumpcare they will also "persuade" U to vote Yes4 upcoming war with NKorea 
&Yes on giving top1% HUGE tax breaks
Hope you see the irony of @SenMcCain's care, & #VoteNoBCRA!
On Health Care, We’ll Have What Congress Is Having
http://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/on-health-care-well-have-what-congress-is-having … #ACA
Please vote NO!  Don't forget about us!
Please remember who you represent.
Please...as a doctor I ask you not to turn your back on your constituents with Medicaid. Vote no...please. It's important.
Then, do not vote for the senate's healthcare bill. We Nevadans will be hurt and we will hold you accountable.
Counting on u to vote no. Take your time to get it right. It's a game to Trump but he's playing with lives. Every person deserves healthcare
Don't vote for that awful GOP "healthcare" bill! Have some spine. Voters will reward you.
Know that voting yes is voting against 89% of American
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
@DNC Offer Heller the Democratic line in the next election for voting against the Republican Death Plan
#HellerVoteNo on #trumpcare Your constituents will rightfully reward you with re-election.
Please do not vote for that Health care bill @SenDeanHeller The people Are Counting On You! @NBCNews @CBSNews @FoxNews @ABC @CNNPolitics

‘There is no plan B’ - this woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
Just watched a video. A patient from NV with Stage 4 cancer has many more chemo treatments to go. She depends on the ACA. Please vote NO
Say no to trumpcare
Urban Institute says uninsured jumps 78% in Nevada under Senate bill. Senator Heller remain true to your conscience and just say "No!"
Which isn't Trumpcare!
Nevada is not a red state. Dems who never voted before will come out in 18 especially if opposed to disastrous bill. Think about your vote.
We are counting on you to vote no.
You are no longer working for just Nevada you are working for Americans
Protect ALL Americans Not just the Americans in Nevada. I am in Las Vegas. My children are in Oregon. I have family all over the country...
Please do what is best for your fellow Nevadans and #HellerVoteNo on #Trumpcare #CruzAmendment #relentlesslypositive #thinkbigger
Fix Obamacare- stop trying to repeal and replace- don't sell your soul to republican leadership
Another Nevada resident saying vote no. Anything else would be betraying us.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you, hoping you are representing all Nevadans.
We're hoping you have the character to stand up for what you believe is right and the guts not to buckle to Trump
and how will you be able to vote for a tax cut when you have taken "life" away from Americans over money?
Vote No! Your constituents & your country are counting on you. Nobody wants you to vote yes.  Read the replies of your voters and Vote No!
Solution? Vote NO then actually work on something that HELPS PEOPLE.
We now need your "Yes" vote for Senate bill. Use future amendments for fine tuning. Thanks.
Please vote NO
18,000 #Vets in NV would lose their benefits with cuts to #Medicaid. #BeAHero to them, others. #VoteNO #ProtectOurCare
yeah a Las Vegas still has health care but what about the rest of Nevada care about the rest of people
zero coverage except for Las Vegas Washoe County the rest of the County's don't matter huh Senator Heller
I'd like to know who the leaders are?  Are they insurance industry?  Hospital?  Medical doctors?
Please show the courage to vote for people over party. I have a pre-existing condition and my life depends on your vote.
We are remembering your promise to keep Planned Parenthood in NV. Do not agree to the "new" health plan by the GOP. Say NO to TRUMP!
Obama already screwed me under ACA. I can't imagine any healthcare bill that does not open insurance markets will benefit my family.
Please vote No on the awful BCRA bill.
Vote NO to the new healthcare bill. We don't deserve to have what the GOP wants to do to us. Healthcare is a right, not a privilege.

BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
Do the right thing, sir. You need to stand up for your constituents and not tow the party line
You better vote NO!
Please vote no on health care bill.
I wonder if women in the room could help? #voteno
U MUST do the right thing and commit to voting against the healthcare bill. Ur constituents have long memories
Please Senator Heller don't give in to Steve Wynn. Vote no on Health Care
Vote no on Trumpcare.
Please vote NO on the Healthcare Bill. It will only hurt EVERYONE. Please do what is Right!!
Countless Nevadans are rightfully terrified of what their future holds if Trumpcare passes.  People (Nevadans!) before party, please.
Show your courage - add an amendment that mandates all Senate & House members and their staffs enroll in whatever healthcare plan is passed
If it's good enough 4 the masses it should be good enough 4 congressional leaders & staff. Exemption 4 them is wrong
Did Mc Connell offer NV some $ from his slush fund?
You need to listen to your constituents!  NO NO NO on this pathetic bill!
Please vote no!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1627689313929219&id=908009612563863 …
Don't let Nevada down vote no to current GOP healthcare billing
Keep to your word. Don't be like the lying GOP leaders
If so then vote no!
DO WHAT IS RIGHT FOR THE PEOPLE IN NEVADA!!!  R's will NOT "have your back". Voters in Nevada will support you! MY FAMILY NEEDS YOU TO CARE!
Please do not vote for this horrible health bill. It is a disaster on every level
The free market sure did well with and Enron, Wall Street, the great depression, shall I go on? Regulated insurance stops the abuses.
Statistically, insurance rates have slowed in their rise with Obamacare compared to pre-Obama care. FOXNews stats really aren't impressive



but can you be bought, or not?
Please vote "NO" on this terrible Deathcare plan. Nevada's children need your help to stay healthy, please
You need to continue to vote no for the wealthcare bill. The Cruz amendment makes it worse.
Please stay strong and vote no. Don't let millions lose coverage, and Medicaid cuts devastate the disabled or elderly in long term care.
Don't forget to stand with women. Thank you
Please vote against GOP health bill. What is your purpose for being there if you are not going to help your constituents? #MSNBC #politico
How about solutions for the country? This isn't about just Nevada! This is about the entire country! Killing millions! Do The Right Thing!
The news is saying you can "be bought off" to destroy Nevadans' health care. Is that true? How much is a life?
three hours and crickets, not a sign of caring . . .
ive got one solution...dont vote for the shitburger bill you are now "undecided" on. thats a good start.
How about a firm no on the new health care bill! The new bill is just as bad and keeps the cuts to Medicaid and defunds planned parenthood!
Please continue to think of the people and not the corporations involved here. Stay strong! Country over party. Don't give in to pressure!
Your decision will impact NV but also the rest of us in 49 states. Please hold out and don't be bribed!
Stand up for your constituents & fellow Americans @senDeanHeller vote no on #Trumpcare
Please have a conscience and vote No on this bill which hurts millions of babies and children.
Vote no on the motion to proceed. We, your constituents, are watching you. Do what's right for US! People over party.
@IndivisibleTeam @BLMNational Sen Heller I have sent letter, left message at your office now through tweeter. VOTE NO on GOP health care
////////
The health care of millions could literally come down to whether Dean Heller has the courage to stand up to Steve Wynn. https://twitter.com/jstein_vox/status/885600718236897280 …
Yes, clearly no women live in Nevada or have health care needs.
Trump/McConnell lackey. Silence now is deafening. Will you betray your constituents?
This NV GOP has always voted for you, if you don't find a way to vote yes you are caving to dems who did not vote for you!
Vote no. This bill hurts our state's most vulnerable. You know this.
Please continue to stand with your govr and oppose the newest version of #Trumpcare.It's no better than the last version & hurts Medicaid
Hmmmm....what's missing?
So, is it true Senator Heller? Can you be "bought off"? I'm sure your constituents would like to know.
Vote no!
Vote no on #BCRA
Vote NO for taking Medicaid away from us, your constituents!
Please sir with all respect find a way to arrive at solutions and stand against the horrible Senate Bill currently being offered
This is still a horrible bill. DO NOT CAVE.
There r no women in Nevada?
Families like mine are counting on you to make the right decision and fix, not repeal the ACA. Don't take the bait !
The solution is not to vote for the latest deplorable health care bill.  Do not help destroy the lives of countless Nevadans!
Can't believe that I'm hearing u are now "undecided" on the healthcare bill. It's failed policy and u know it.
Please put Americans and Country over Party!  People could die!! You believe better!!
Republican Trumpcare, KILL MILLIONS TO STEAL BILLIONS.
Before Reagan became President, Republican Drug Company CEO's made $100,000's, now they make $100,000,000's. GOP GREEDOM is the problem.
Insulin has gone up in price 3000% in last 25 years, while price of manufacture has gone down. CEO Pay UP 1000X, GOP are Merchants of DEATH
The bill is out, @SenDeanHeller and it still guts the Medicaid expansion which @GovSandoval approves. Please say #HellerVoteNo on MTP.
Vote No on the latest version of the Senate bill. It still makes brutal cuts to Medicaid & puts people with preexisting conditions at risk.
A "win" that causes millions of Americans to lose healthcare coverage is not a win. Please do the right thing, not the partisan thing.
Bad healthcare plan by GOP vote no
Please vote "no" on this latest disaster of a bill being proposed as a solution to our health care in this country. Thank you.
#Trumpcare fails people with cancer. Are you ok with this being on your conscience? https://twitter.com/canceradvocacy/status/885603036307107845 … @SusanGKomen
32 #cancer orgs, representing pts & providers, ask Senate to vote NO on #BCRA. Add your voice, call Senators. (844) 257-6227 #ProtectOurCare 
Thank you for RT, Sheila. As a constituent, hope you will also call his office to be sure your voice is heard.  https://www.heller.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/offices …
Vote "No" on BCRA.
Please don't support the HC bill. It's the most cruel bill ever written and your constituents deserve better. Be strong and vote no!
Agree. The most cruel, heartless piece of legislation ever passed by a democracy. GOP will completely own results. #killthisbill
Please commit to voting against Trumpcare. I had a baby under pre-ACA insurance & it cost $25k. Under Obamacare, cost would be $250.
If my child had been born w a health condition, we would have gone bankrupt under Trumpcare.

People will die over this. 

Relying on you.
Please do not support the plan to kick Nevadans off healthcare. Your constituents want you to vote AGAINST the current bill!! Don't cave.
You must vote no on #trumpcare. Work with Democrats and prove you have Nevada's best interest at heart.
Please vote no on #Trumpcare. The Cruz amendment makes the bill even more cruel. Don't screw sick and older Nevadans. They WILL vote in 2018
It's so crazy how there's not a single woman in this photo. You'd think someone who'd been born w a uterus would want to give input. #VoteNO
Dean, Don't let us in Minden down, please! Vote no on this health bill. It is still a lousy bill! Thanks!
#HellerVoteNo
Please keep your NO vote on #BCRA.  This bill will financially devastate my husband and I. Fix the ACA, or bring on Universal healthcare!
You aren't seriously going to vote for a bill that harms millions are you? Will you look sick people in the eye to defend your vote?
Scary scary health(???)care bill. Stand firm on NO
#RepealReplace
Get your ass back to DC and get something done
So wait... now you're undecided?! This bill will hurt many Nevadans and many Americans. Vote no! You're representing us.
Voting NO on #trumpcare is a great way to ensure coverage and solutions for your constituents!
Former NV Type 1 diabetic with 3 small kids. This HC bill will absolutely RUIN my family. #VoteNoBCRA
How is it that every single pharma CEO isn't testifying in front of the senate?! My insulin $ has gone through the ROOF in 10yrs. Criminal.
The new proposed healthcare plan by the Senate does NOT work. Please vote 2 not pass & work with Dems 2 rework current ACA!
Trumpcare will be worse than the ACA. Please don't make this your legacy. Keep, tweak and fund the ACA. No state waivers, no lifetime limits
Vote No, please don't kill me.
please stand with @GovSandoval and say no to this bill.  don't sell #GOP voters out for Steve wynn.  The sick will suffer
I am a dr, this will hurt everyday workers in #nv in ways we can't make up for.  #standstrong #voteno
Work with the Dems to fix ACA.  Americans are counting on you.  Show courage!
Like the Dems did to pass the ACA?
Please vote NO on this health care bill!
