And if you're wealthy, you benefit the most!
Trickle down Econ has NEVER benefited any but the richest Americans.
Actually, my #CCSD employed spouse could use a raise. #taxrelief is great but come on. Pay #teachers a #living wage with #health benefits
How is this giveaway gonna be paid for?
ARE YOUR MILLIONAIRE FRIENDS STILL GOING TO PAY YOU OFF EVEN THOUGH YOU FAILED TO REPEAL/REPLACE?
Yeah more lies like your failed co-sponsored healthcare bill.
Pure bullshit, Senator!
I'll believe when I see it. Get to work
It will help me by having the wealthy pay more and the middle class and poor to pay less in taxes.
Seriously Dean old chap - stop with the lies to your constituents. Stop towing the “trump party line “ and start looking out for Nevada.
How did that "Repeal and Replace" thing go? Just wondering.......
Quit trying to help your donors and help Americans in Puerto Rico already!
#dirtydeanheller still all in for Trump.
Stop selling untruth
I am afraid that tax will be in the health care, another day in business for government, stay out of peoples money and health care.
Rich people get tax cuts and who pays the tax that they aren't paying?  Oh, I know, everybody else #TaxRelief #GOPlies
Uh....
And that's why we know pot is legal in Nevada since Heller continues his assault on the middle class
Until this "President" releases his tax returns and shows this won't benefit him as he says. Forget it! Remember he LIES! How about you?
That is such a lie. The wealthy are the benefactors. Did you really think you would get this through. We know math.
Hope as a retired person keep my house
Call my crazy but I don't trust the GOP with our money most of it stays in the top 1% anyways
More nonsense from a flip flopping Legislator. Disgraceful
You are a disappointment can’t trust you to protect Nevadans. No vote for you in 2018
I am so sick of Republicans trying to get me to go for giving the rich tax http://breaks.You  are so out of touch Dean Heller.
Vote no.
That's just a bunch more GOP bunk ... Corporations are flush w/cash and credit now and are just buying back their own stock!
Tax breaks for the rich never help the country it just rewards a small portion of it & keep the masters happy
That estste tax and amt bullshit ain't gonna fly
#FlatTax of 2%
Benefit me? How exactly will it benefit you & the Adelson family since you make more than most of us Nevadans?
Sick of hearing rumps talking points from your mouth
Trump is pulling numbers out of his a$$. 6% growth making rich people richer?  Haha. Caused the Republican Great Recession last time.
Stop lying. Your shit is tax breaks for rich people who don't need them and who don't spread it, just cling to it.
Dude reducing taxes never ever produces more jobs, thats just an out right lie.
Fantasy trickle down that hasnt worked in 30 years.
trickle-down bullshit that's DOA
You just can't stop lying can you?  Tell me one time trickle down ever worked. I'll wait.
Sorry, I don't believe a word you say anymore
Good cause it looks like you'll be job searching soon
Heller health "I don't" care plan an epic fail, now he's backing another loser. Repeal and replace Heller.
Is this like people will get better health care with Graham-Cassidy .
It won't
#tool
YOU MEAN LIKE THE HEALTH CARE BILL YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE COULDN'T PASS???
I’ll have to see it to believe it.  You guys lie and give more to the rich.
You must think that everybody that reads this, are the idiots that would vote for you. You're wrong. Trickle down economics does not work.
Yes, and your tax relief will eliminate the middle class by taking away the itemized deductions that they can deduct now.
If you value itemizing your deductions such as mortgage interest, property and state taxes, then "VOTE NO" ON TAX REFORM.
YOU NEED TO SERVE YOUR CONSTITUENTS BY READING THE BILLS THAT ARE PROPOSED, NOT JUST HAND STAMPING EVERYTHING!!
He knows. He just lies and does not care. Has to get $ for Sheldon!  Promises, promises.
I am sorry to hear this. Another corrupt senator! Both Heller and Johnson flip-flopped in the past couple of months on healthcare.
Interesting! All Trump had to do was strong arm him with Sheldon. So much for our democracy?
The people in WI are pretty unhappy with their senator, 2. They said that their calls to him have gone to voicemail ever since his election.
Stop lying to us trickle down economics does not work you're a disgrace to our country and our state
Again, compelled to ask Dean Heller- DO YOU READ THE WORDS YOU POST? What will be happening to exemptions? Do you believe yourself, even????
How about health care? How about trashing @GovSandoval? How about not running?
Hope Nevadans use that money to vote you out of office.
But we don't get it by giving the rich tax breaks- keep estate tax- keep home deduction for ONE home only!
It won't benefit me because I'm not a rich white man.
EVEN THE POOREST OF NEVADANS? DOUBTFUL! The Repub party today is VOID OF CARING ABOUT THE POOR! Voted 4 BUSH BUT NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!
Nobody in Nevada believes a word you say anymore. You lost any credibility with your health care votes.
Except the mortgage deduction.
Why is it the @GOP cares about money so much?  Isn't it just a small portion of life and the governments oversight?  GOP needs to grow heart
Yeeeeeessssa
How will fresh water and gasoline help Puerto Rico? Hey Dean, why don't you try to find out? Americans not concerned w/tax cuts fro the rich
How will it benefit POTUS & other launderers of Russian money? Must see #Dotard tax returns first!
As a tax payer..its about damn time. Tax codes are ridiculous. Clean it up now.
Hard to tell from that vaguely worded 9-page "plan". How about some specifics? And don't tell us about the postcard again.
The postcard means no mortgage deduction
That's my concern. The 9-pager says we keep mortgage and charitable deductions, but dances around retirement. There was talk of taxing it
There is no way this is going to be good.
Yeah, based on track history, not likely.
@DeanHeller is 45's puppet. @RosenforNevada for Senator!
It won't!   How will it benefit the rich ?  services need to be funded. what services will we have to give up to save YOU money. NONE voteNO
tax the poor even  more.  you GOPers are so done in 2018
We are not buying trickle down economics, it has been proven over and over not to work.

Except the plan is supposed to raise tax on the poorest and lower it on the rich. Lies
Don't forget  Sheldon gets out of estate tax, that will surely help a crap dealer
Analysis is out and it'll raise everybody's taxes about $900 and cut rich people's taxes. I recommend you find something else to talk about
WEALTHY Nevadans.

Us poor folk will be victims
Dean at least be quiet...
Question:  Do you really believe the things you say?  Or are these @GOP copy points?  Because you have ZERO credibility with the people of #Nevada right now, soon to be ex-Senator.
I doubt he is posting all these. Probly a youngster intern just repeating the party line.
Ha ha. Healthcare revisited. 
What a liar you are.
Who actually believes you, at this point?
Kansas should frighten you Senator. 
Taxes are required for Hurricanes,  military, POTUS  security detail,
Where does the money come from?
U want sell this plan to middle class average ppl, then tell us exactly how it benefits us,some of us remember Reaganomics
It won't. Rep plan (not tax "relief") mostly benefits wealthy. Love how Reps sell their harmful plans with positive words but no details
Like we would have been able to keep our healthcare coverage if your shit bill had passed?
How will we be able to keep more of our hard earned money? How?
And you will get RICHER!!!  Right @SenDeanHeller 
#resist
#ImpeachTrump 
#ihadhopeforyou
#nomore
Planning to invest my tax breaks in canadian job automation TBH
Which democrats have you been working with towards a bipartisan approach?
Senator review what is happening in Kansas.
Chaos 
Taxes are the responsibility of citizens. 
Just make it fair.
Look at Value Added taxes
Reagan  proved his tax cuts &trickle down doesn't work! Decimated the middle class,destroyed unions. Don't forget '07 market crash.
#GeorgeWBush cut tax on rich & drove USA into #GreatRecession. #BillClinton raised tax on rich: budget surplus, booming economy, huge jobs.
I'll bet that most people complaining here have no clue how much they paid in fed income taxes last year.
Or thanks to Obama, it was $0... haha
Baloney. Your plan will blow a massive hole in the budget and then you'll say we need to cut services for the poor because there's no money.
Specifics please Senator 
What is the tax rate for $250,O00,000 bank bouus
What is the business tax break from 35% to 15%or 20%
Anything?

Congress is getting ready to do….nothing, Tell them you want #taxreform #FAIRtax #MTFA http://FAIRtax.org/petition  then call then 202-224-3121 
Trickle  eco 101
FAILS EVERY TIME!!!
Tax cuts 4 the wealthy #RichPricks like Wynn n Adelson don’t EVER  PASS $$  to workers EVER! #sad
Value Added Taxes 
25% VAT recreational marijuana 
25% VAT on tobacco 
25% VAT on automobiles over$ 75,000
15% VAT gas
50 % VAT on bullets
VAT is a great idea.
You've lost all cred! Once you lie about an issue nothing else you say matters! Stick a cork in it loser!
Will it be easier to compete against large corps that dont follow the rules or get catered deducts?You have to drop rates and gut deductions
This sounds like healthcare all over again...how will spending increase as taxes fall? What happens to the deficit? What about the wall??
How many tries for GOP to realize tax cuts for corps and wealthy DO NOT produce jobs? And 6% GDP growth needs lots of immigrants.
Legal immigrants? Absolutely! Illegally here? Nope!
Well, even constricting legal immigration hurts GDP and the dreamers contribute tons to GDP. The math is clear.
The numbers coming in legally will readjust to what is needed. We must employ citizens before others. Illegals get in line.
Tell that to @POTUS
How exactly will they see more of their paycheck? Yes this is a test-please provide examples to back up your tweet
Full framework is here.  You can do the math yourself.  https://www.speaker.gov/sites/speaker.house.gov/files/Tax%20Framework.pdf …
It's a test. I want to see if the Senator can do the math and tweet it for all to see. I've done the math and I'm not seeing "more".
I agree that it will not benefit everyone the same.  But you have to pay a lot in order to get more back.
Is that a clever way of saying the rich get richer?
At the high end of the scale, yes.  But please understand that this tax cut does help a lot of not so rich, hard working people.
b.s.  trickle down economics never works call it what it is tax breaks for rich.
Be sure to charge um with rape Prosicute um persecute um and enslave the inecent
And the roads and bridges will continue to get worse, EPA regs will be less enforced, more privatization of fed programs.  Not good for NV.
