He is just giving you the answers you want to hear.  Ask Nevadans what they think about the Banks that did them harm.
TBTFbanks caused crisis/outsourced loans to 1West-Mnuchin saved bank/jobs
did Steve himself pay fines? What about the families displaced?
Will you be talking about how he helped create situations like this:
This was a lie/fake news as reported by the NY Post:
So tell me how he helped the economy during the housing crash?
But somehow u r a fan of Sen Warren the foreclosure Queen
You understand what foreclosure is, right?  Nothing here has anything to do with her foreclosing on anyone.  She isn't a bank.
OneWest's predecessor IndyMac & old management caused financial crisis- Mnuchin saved the bank/jobs: http://money.cnn.com/2008/07/12/news/companies/indymac_fdic/ …
Check the date.  Define "saved".  Mnuchin's vulture tactics are pure GOP greed.  Still has nothing to do with Warren.
U check facts- he paid $1 billion more than the next highest bidder.  Should govt have taken the lower bid or allow collapse?
If you vote yes, NV will remember you supported a tyrants destruction of the same USA you swore to protect
And yes, I am a very proud Nevadan and you are my Senator. We expect you to listen to your constituents.
what were @stevenmnuchin1 answers? Probably just BS cuz his bank acted like all others! #NoMnuchin
how can a short meeting answer for his crimes against NV residents and foreclosures ! Disgusting #nomnuchin
SENATOR- Please vote NO to Betsy DEVOS. TY
I have my poster photo see during election, voted for foreclosure KING not just a crooked banker shame on YOU
NO. Are you kidding me?
A vote for @stevenmnuchin1
will help defeat you in 2018.
We are watching you!
@WashoeDEMS RT
Did the answers come as a chi or cash? How much did he promise for you to sell out those in NV who lost homes
SENATOR- Please vote NO to Rex TILLERSON. TY
SENATOR- Please vote NO to STEVE SESSIONS. TY
Sold your soul to the devil? Nevadans suffered greatly from the crash. We won't forget this. Traitor
don't be a fool @stevenmnuchin1 doesn't care about regular ppl or my house.
I hope those answers mean that @stevemnuchin1 will be paying back all those folks that he foreclosed on.
I say no to @stevenmnuchin1 I feel he is dishonest.  Not good for #NV #ForeclosureKing
Thank you for your hard hitting questions and desire to bring to the forefront the real issues.
Is that beaver alive on your head or did you kill it first?
- Mnuchin is a dirt bag!  And NO on Billionaire Betsy
Disgusting you would vote for him after what happened in NV
are you nuts!  Meeting meeting with mnuchin? You need to protect Nevadans by voting against him not listening to him.
Return mother's wig!
tell us what the answers were.
#RejectSteveMnuchin he is a #SwampDweller!!!
he's made 380 million dollars off of the crash of '08 for displacing people from thier homes
glad to see Republicans once again show no respect for our laws, checks & balances, or Constitution.
SENATOR- Please vote NO to Steve MNUCHIN. TY
what questions? What answers?
If Mnuchin believes he can help the US, he should turn down the #POTUS and put his money where his mouth is.
A vote for @BetsyDeVos 
will help defeat you in 2018.
We are watching you!
@WashoeDEMS RT
Being silent on the #MuslimBan
will NOT get you reelected in 2018
We are watching you!
@WashoeDEMS RT
thoughts on unconstitutional ban that doesn't cover areas in violation of #EmolumentsClause? and @stevenmnuchin1 = EVIL.
Your Hair Club for Men is a bad judgement just like your support for Trump and Munchkin.
I guess the 9th time (per your count) you asked him was the charm. Great respect he showed.
Better find your voice or you will lose your seat sir! History won't be kind!!
he's made 380 million dollars by robbing people of homes! He should be in prison!
he's a horrible man!! He bought a bank changed its name and foreclosed on 36k homes.
SENATOR- Please vote NO to TOM PRICE. TY
Well-Are you going to share this inspirational information with the rest of us or just post a photo op?
thank you for talking to him with an open mind.  I think he will do a great job for our country.
where do you stand on how well he will do the job?
Remember how I told you 4x during my hearing that I'd give you that info? But then I said I couldn't in my QFR? #TopSecret
Every single Sen whose silence ws deafening on Trumps UNconstitutional ban will RUE it -no matter later politicl glad-handing
What was that? Are you going to evict and foreclose on 80 year olds for $0.20 discrepancies in payment in NV?
Where is your voice on Trump's Muslim ban? Stand up for what is right!!
Stand with McCain and Graham, support our constitution! Safety comes through understanding and supporting the innocent.
time to look for your replacement! If you can represent the people who voted 4 u Step down.
received your response about Rex Tillerman- you said nothing in letter! Do what's right for the people!
are you putting your party first or the American people - Nevadans you represent?
we are watching, we are taking note, 2018 just around the corner. #MuslimBan #NoBanNoWall #TheResistance #resist

no on his appointment will be watching your vote
what were the questions you asked and his responses? Just a bunch of words with no substance. Vote NO on all
how many houses did he foreclose on in NV? Did he utilize HAMP to keep Nevadans in homes?
Where do you stand on #MuslimBan ?
why bother. You will vote for that pig anyway. I hope all your family loses their homes when Econ crashes.
2018 is not far away. Just as we remember NV in the recession, we will remember this picture.
Don't vote for him. Don't vote for him. Don't vote for him.
This will be your last term if you stand with Trump. Stand against him and you may become POTUS one day for having integrity
You vote to confirm him and we will@vote you out in NV. Outrageous!!!!
NV shouldn't confirm a guy who made millions kicking elderly widows from their homes, failed to fix it & will do it again.
What answers would those be? It would be really good to hear them or read them.
Writing ARM loans to working people is the most unethical thing banks do. PERIOD. Fixed Rate is ONLY Answer.
.@SenDeanHeller @stevenmnuchin1 and you still need to say NO to this terrible pick! Nevadans are watching you.
Mnuchin long ago proved himself an enemy of Nevada homeowners. Las Vegas has not forgotten nor forgiven them for the Crash
.@SenDeanHeller @stevenmnuchin1 Isn't it nice to get answers to questions.  You should try it with your constituents.
He's playing you Senator! Look at his history. This man is bad for Nevada and our country!
Donald Trump is destroying our country. Please don't help him with this terrible racist un qualified cabinet.
no no no no to Mnuchin.  Foreclosures almost killed NV
Really? You only care for rich old white men. See you in 2018. Bye.
will be a great Sec. Treas. for the American people. No more stealing from Obama. @FFoscojr @shadow_copper
says a former mortgage broker....vote NO
Care to share the answers with other Nevadans?
Was this after you grilled him during the confirmation hearings? Where can we hear his answers?
-so, as foreseen, you are voting "yes."  No surprise. Pls. vote no. Ppl. over party.
please share this info with your constituents
I live in Reno.  I do not believe Steve Mnuchin is qualified to to be Treasury Secretary.  Vote no!!
Sounds like you're supporting a greedy sleazebag that got rich off people's sufferring.
I am sixth generation Nevadan from Smith Valley and I want answers. #nvleg
NO for #DeVos! As a teacher, parent, and higher ed faculty in NV, I vote NO.
where can a Nevada get a list of forclosures for purchases.
vote no Senator. Nevada is still reeling from foreclosures.  Vote 4 him and Nevada will vote you out.
Nevadans who lost their homes will remember this photo when it is time to vote in 2018.
vote no to his nomination
Mnuchin is unfit for this critical position.  He got rich at the average American's expense!  NO NO NO!
You work for us, your constituents. We turned NV blue! Vote NO on all cabinet nominees or we WILL VOTE YOU OUT!
He took him way too long to respond.  Vote No on Mnuchin.
DO NOT vote for him.Disaster for Nevada.
no on mnuchin. "I don't what I did with that 100 million I had laying around." No to Russia no on Tillerson
No on @stevenmnuchin1! Fond of kicking widows out on the street. Support him & you'll b kicked out too. #WeAreWatching
do you plan on representing us or are you going to simply bow down to your capitalist overlords? You will be held accountable
Vote against @realDonaldTrump's detrimental cabinet picks. Stand up against Donald's swamp!
@AmodeiForNevada VOTE NO ON Betsy DEVOS, Tom Price, Andy Puzder, SAVE ACA, fund Planned parenthood
Well now we know where your allegiances lie. With the foreclosure king.  Horrible for #Nevadans
pls vote no. He lied once as reported bu NY Times for failure to disclose
No. JFC are there any Rs with a damn backbone? Not good for NV not good for USA! and you know it too...
Since it is abundantly clear the GOP does not have a replacement for #ACA, what are you doing for #Nevadans on that front?
Really? Care to share what your questions were? What he responded? #Nevadans don't really trust you right now
