Can’t believe what a wimp u turned out to be. No backbone to stand for your convictions. Disappointing!
For once I agree with @POTUS. @realDonaldTrump should learn what professionalism is. Because for now America only see a mess
You're a waste of time Dean all you did was talk about the president and showing him pictures but what about the people that got hurt
I agree whole heartedly with that. Now support the house bill that bans bump stocks. I dare any Republican to vote against that bill.
#BanBumpStocks
As a native of las Vegas I can tell you you'll never be reelected.
Hey did you guys talk about gun control laws at all? Or did you just argue about who betrays their constituents better?
Yes, first responders r always professional. Can't use professional & @POTUS in the same sentence. #45 is a clown  and surely you know it
NRA donations to GOP last yr: $6,000,000
-NRA donations to Dems last yr: $100,000
 As we get gunned down=The real killers are Republicans.
Senator pull your nose out of POTUS aas.
What the United States needs is urban assault weapons taken out of the public access.
Treat urban assault weapons the same as rpgs, hand grenades, flame throwers, BARs, Tommy guns, bazookas, 
ARs, AKs,MACs, = human casulities
How about knives, axes, sledgehammers, hammers, tire irons, karate sticks, pens, nails, claw hammers, chopsticks, batons, fists, feet, etc.?
Night knowing you are responsible for this kind of terrible act by doing nothing again and again. Shameful
It have been so nice if 45 had delivered a speech like that to the people of PR shortly after Maria devastated their lives and island.
So does ACA.
Professionalism? Yeah, what a guy.
You're such a suck up. Surprised you don't have a cabinet position. Maybe that's what you're hoping for! Make it about responders not Trump.
Wise up Stand up for our President Trump
Now let's discuss the NRA, and the lack of gun control laws that cost them.
All you did was talk about how you showed the president pictures on television right now you need the president's help getting reelected
1st responders deserve praise, 4 sure But hearing @SenDeanHeller say @POTUS showed professionalism is a joke. I have 2 words 4 you, PEE TAPE
They did great. You on the other hand are far from it. Ripping CHIP from families. GOP is purposely destroying health care.
Bootlicker.
NRA rolled out tools 2 help u NOT talk about what really happened in LV on Sunday. Same ones used after Sandy Hook--not a good time to talk
If only you had the courage to act in our best interest and pass reasonable gun legislation. U and GOP beholden to NRA how can you sleep at
Dean, you have some shit on your lips from kissing Trump's asshole


ass kisser
Was that before or after he threw paper towels it Puerto Ricans?
Blood money, Dean. NRA 'donations' are blood money. Christ, are you still my senator?!
this fine @Trump_Universe grad passed his idol-worshipping class with flying colors earning a sticker! He also did well in ass-kissing!
He did so why couldn't he have done this for Puerto Rico. Do you support the white washing of America?
So does banning assult weapons
Didn't expect anything less. Get on board or get out of the way.
Jeeze kiss ass much Dean?
You are partly responsible for the deaths of the 59 people
Your actions helped Paddock...
You show us take action kill the #silencerbill & just use some cinnamon sense about guns get out of the #NRA s pockets & what about #CHIP
Heller you beady eyed, no-lipped traitor; get out of Las Vegas and go crawl back up Trumps big old booty. That is all.
If GOP cared about first-responders & putting them in harm's way, they'd acted after last mass murder&the one before &the one before &so on
Geez - Do you even have a backbone SEN HELLER? Did you even listen to Trump's EMPTY words?
Agreed. But they shouldn't be subjected to the potential of danger you could help reduce. Totally, utterly selfish.
If only he would start acting professionally #idiotpresident #NeverMyPresident
Licking his boots a bit much?
Trump professional????? Your sickening!!
Dean you might as well kiss DT!s ass for now because you won’t be around to do it later. You sold out Navadians for a buck your history
Mother of God he joked about the budget and threw paper towels around in a degrading dehumanizing way @potus is batsh@t crazy #MOG
Live it up Dean-O....you’re on your way out and won’t be re-elected. Too many bad decisions for Nevadans.
Kissing up to Trump does nothing. We demand action on gun control. Help stop the next massacre
kudos to first reponders.  you on the otherhand are beholdened to the nra and have you head so far up drumpf’s, ass its pathetic.
Now please help us prevent the need for people to step up like that again.
It took 72 minutes from the first 911 call for law enforcement to locate the shooter and he was then dead.
Did Trump toss out any rolls of gauze tape to the shooting victims at UMC today while in Las Vegas?
Your Republican values TOOK LIVES!
Well, they are covering a Fake President so...
Steady as she goes Dean
And what about what he said about John McCain. A true American patriot.
Did you forget Puerto Rico?
Too bad they had to be put in the position of dealing with Another mass shooting
Finally @realDonaldTrump says something I can support.
Trump/professional =oxymoron
And @DeanHeller continues to show us what being a professional politician is all about.  He is able, but unwilling, to reduce gun violence.
I can't believe you're kissing Trump's ass.  God, have some self-respect !!
recognize that guy in the red box that's part of @jimmykimmel 's NRA's wall of shame? Hmmmmm?
You really need to start showing a spine with @POTUS. Stop kissing ass like. This is coming from a Rep. who is also 1 of ur constituants.
To the first responders yes however no media coverage of him with the actual victims he can't fake empathy.
 I’m so glad he’s gone. Hope you jumped on AF1 n took off too. Not one of you will talk #GUNCONTROL! #sad 
Yet u continue to stand with the NRA and oppose even the most common sense gun measures. Come Jan 2019 I think it’s EX SEN Heller. BYE .
Oh and btw the roughly $21,000 in blood money ur campaign received from the NRA give that money to the victims of the shootings.
He called it a miracle, which is the OPPOSITE of professional. But keep kissing his ass
He gets an attaboy 4 sticking to the scripted material 4 once? 
Man, THAT bar is as LOW as it can GO then.
U R such a disappointment, Heller
You make me sick you have crawked so far up Trump's butt you have line of sight put of his belly button.  You BETRAYED us on Healthcare
Sucking up to our insane President is not good, Sen Heller! You will be voted out next year.
Your @POTUS Senator 
@epngo @POTUS How dare you put POTUS in the same tweet as the first responders.
Great for the 1st responders the question is what did Heller do?
.u could save lives by telling NRA no/only constant in mass murders GUNS #nosenate4uin18

Has he given anything to the victims in Vegas? Trump Tower means he is a part of our community. He was attacked too #VegasStrong
I think he gave the victims a roll of paper towels, like he did in Puerto Rico. 
Sorry Heller, reading someone else's words today doesn't erase his ignorant, belligerent words of yesterday in Puerto Rico or all the others
Not coming from that hate thing! Our Leaders or nothing like him can't wait till that Fake thing is out of Vegas, he don't belong here!!
For 45yrs i worked in gaming, i'd hear his name,but also heard sell his name,but he can't touch no money. Gaming Control Board No Lisence!!
Yes he did but it was scripted. When he speaks off script, it is a disaster! I appreciate today's performance.
I agree #VegasStrong but trump and professionalism DO NOT BELONG IN THE SAME SENTENCE!
You're on the #WrongSideOfHistory Heller! Is ass kissing a dotard worth what your descendents will think of you?
Your LACK OF ACTION caused gun deaths. What's it gonna take? The MAJORITY of AMERICANS want their 2A back. It was sold to the highest bidder
But what are we gonna do about Gun Control &!get these horrible weapons off the streets! We don’t need kind words & photo ops we need action
Man, what a pathetic suck-up you are! How about you do something to stop our country becoming war-zone? Close the automatic weapon loopholes
Now let's see if you actually do your part or just pay lip service
1st responders are awesome. Love @LVMPD! By continuing to kiss Trump's ass and screwing over Nevadans, you'll be gone in 2018!
#VegasStrong

Come on. You are only sucking up to try and keep your seat. Get real.
Our first responders were amazing. You and 45, on the other hand, are not.  You are beholden to the #NRA, and you will not be re-elected.
GOP—& Russ bots—took lives, murdered LV concert goers, w/bias refusal to LEGISLATE GUN CONTROLS—but, why bite the hand that feeds you, Nyet?
58folks died inVegas & 500+ were shot.What do NRA-funded #complicit @GOPSenate @HouseGOP personally owe INJURED Blood on your hands bucko!
Public sucking-up is so unseemly.
What is it with this guy?
Please stop brown nosing
When he was throwing paper towels was that professionalism? Sad that this POTUShas to be praised for the basic acts
And how much debt they helped Rack up? Or was that just for Puerto Rico.
@SenDeanHeller #GunControlNow #BanMilitaryWeapons #BanBumpStocks Now is the time to talk before Washington forgets, they willVS SAVING LIFE
You're outta here
Voted for Sessons, DeVoss, Pruitt, Price, Zinke, Gorsuch,
Kiss ass Dean, he's done nothing but harass you,  did he get to you $$??
You are a disgrace to your country .You now have 0 credibility .Thank god our first reponders are heroes! God bless them all .
Your President can't even spell professionalism... let alone show it.   And you are an ass kisser extraordinaire.   LOSERS both of you.
Could you plz spare the ppl of this world the platitudes for that buffoon! Can’t wait to turn ur seat BLUE!
He isn't going to save you, Heller.
Yes they did great .. They also would appreciate not being out gunned by evil doers who easily obtain assault weapons . Common sense gun law
#TrumpIsAMoron and you're his "Lap Dog" ... Trump Apologists like yourself are hazardous to a civilized society.
Yeah, a real class act...NOT

While this story had one monstrous villains there were many many heroes that night and we'll never know most of their names.
Respect.
Maybe you could show some professionalism and save lives, Dean, by supporting #GunControl and #ACA. It's the only way you get reelected.
No way in hell is Heller going to be re elected. He represents the GOP not the People
I know (thankfully!). Just trying to get him to do a little good before he's unemployed.

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 

