As an LGBT woman and your constituent, I don't want your prayers; I want your action. Vote in favor of stronger gun control.
Enough of your so-called "prayers". We want action on common sense gun laws! Serve the common good, not the NRA!
if your heart is broken DO SOMETHING
Too little .
 Shame  on you.  30338
if you were truly appalled, you take real action to prevent it from happening again!
@SenatorIsakson You're hypocrites. It's disgusting. "Thoughts & prayers" are meaningless w/o action. http://www.out.com/news-opinion/2016/6/15/.V2MYJ9nFzeo.facebook …
u incredible hypocrite! U have #NRABloodMoney to the tune of $1.9+M  on your hands. Enact meaningful gun reform #Enough
Opposes more gun restrictions.(Sep 2014)
We have ample gun laws on the books now.(Jul 2013)Hypocrite
but what about doing something? I thought people joined congress to make a difference! Please #EndGunViolence
what I really want to know is why ?
#MSM Ignored .@SenTedCruz’s Embrace of ‘Kill the Gays’ Pastor http://www.huffingtonpost.com/michelangelo-signorile/post_10496_b_8544540.html … … … Did U raise your voice against @sendavidperdue?
@huffpostqueer Christians also preach radical crap ex. GOD hates fags. Wake up vote HRC
U praying for more victims days B few? I know your heart is cold & black with hate for POTUS. Might B your heart for all?
They don't need your prayers. Why don't you stand with the #filibuster and try to make sure this doesn't happen again?
Please do more than pray. Assault weapons made to slaughter dozens at a time have no place in a civilized society. Ban them.
Yet you cant end this violence letting terrorist have military guns ??
its like your asking for it to happen.
because you passed a law in Georgia that it was ok 4 people on the the terrorist watch list to be able to buy assault rifles
praying is nice but doing something, making something change is even better please help fix these gun control laws
I don't think banishing guns would do anything, but why would Georgians need assault rifles or automatics? #EndGunViolence
prayers are not enough #WheresTheBill
well the fucked up thing is you played a part in this to
We need action with #CommonSenseGunLaws
Prayers are not enough. We need action now. Join the #filibuster for common sense gun reform.
In additional to prayers, what congressional action do you support to stop senseless gun violence?
you voted against background checks for ppl getting guns. And you send your thoughts and prayers????
you know that's funny because I'm pretty sure that you voted for ppl on the terrorist watch list to be able to get guns
Typical right wing BS - prayers, thoughts, moments of silence, but no actual laws or actions to reduce gun violence
your prayers are nice, but enacting sensible gun control would be more helpful.
Thoughts and Prayers don't stop things like this from happening again.Do something to prevent it, don't just say sorry after
you can pray all you want but laws need to be changed in order to protect people. I want to feel safe for once in my life.
Your prayers are nothing. They needed you to vote for terror suspects to not legally buy guns. You're a reason why they died
You sound like a hypocrite. Talk one way & vote another. Work for your constituents not the NRA. http://www.politicususa.com/2016/06/13/sides-it-republicans-voted-terror-suspects-legally-buy-guns.html …
Prayers aren't enough and as the state rep. please, please, for the sake of the people, vote yes on com. sense bills/laws.
you wish prayers to those in Orlando and wish doom on the @POTUS  and his Family. What kind of value system do you have?
.@sendavidperdue How ironic that you are praying for the same #LGBT Americans whose rights you've attacked in the past. #hypocrite #gapol
And sending prayers for our President's death? What is wrong with you? @SecretService
how can you send prayers while filled with HATE
why do you even have Twitter?... go sit down somewhere.
maybe stop praying for people to die hm?
you, who pray for the president to die. you, who vote against LGBT rights. your prayers are poison. change, then come back.
Why don't honor them by passing Obama's bill that prevents terror suspects from purchasing weapons instead of praying?
While praying out of hate??? You prayed for the Death of our President. You should be ashamed of yourself.
You are a disgraceful piece of shit. I seen your prayer to wish Obama dead, and you call  yourself a Christian.
Prayers?  How hypocritical. You have done nothing to reign in assault weapons or to protect LGBTQ citizens. Shame!
.@sendavidperdue is endorsed by the NRA and claims that we have "enough gun laws". Prayers are all you're getting
Sending prayers to the victims and loved ones during this time. #PrayForOrlando 
please do your job and vote for gun control laws. Your predecessor failed us greatly. #PrayForOrlando  #guncontrol
Yeah. We've heard about your prayers.
How about sending legislation for once? https://www.nrapvf.org/articles/20140910/nra-endorses-david-perdue-for-us-senate-in-georgia …
you mean the "queers" that died don't get your condemnation like your sorry bigoted self gave to Obama?
Stop "praying" and "thinking". Stop demonizing LGBT. Start acting like you actually  mean what you say.
Praying for the death of the President Obama is deeply unchristian.
wishing death to our president is pathetic.
#Hypocrisy: using your imaginary prayer magic to benefit some people and threaten others (i.e. @POTUS) Gimme a break.
You're an embarrassment to GA. Keep your prayers and instead support some legislation that will prevent gun violence.
As someone who's long been owned by @NRA, you're accomplice to the 50 murders in Orlando. Actions speak louder than prayers.

GOP showing their true colors! https://twitter.com/ViewFromWise/status/742224442965823488 …
don't you have people whose deaths you pray for?
and death wishes to our President while you're at it, huh? #shame
you pray for POTUS to die, &  sends thoughts/prayers to Orlando. You took $1,997,512 from NRA. Coward. Hypocrite.
Too bad President Obama wasn't there, right?
Did you pray for this to happen too?
Not interested in your inaction. Please don't continue being complacent; it's time to govern
"For the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful have opened.." I don't think anyone wants your prayers, Senator.
I pray that elected officials would stop using the word of God to justify their owns means of hate.
You're truly a hypocrite. Prayers?  How about leg. to keep nutbags from having automatic weapons. Shame on you, Senator.
Prayers? Like the one you cited wishing early death to our President? What's wrong with you? Rhetoric like yours= shameful
what's the point of praying when you do nothing & allow terror suspects access to assault weapons?
Are you sending messages to the NRA asking them to collaborate with you to reduce gun violence in America?
Thank you! How do you give prayers but wishes death! Smdh!
we need more than prayers.  How about common sense gun control and a ban on assault weapons?
