Shame you should be ashamed.
Funny how they're all white!
Do they also pray for people to die? #PerduePieceOfShit
Here are Senator David Perdue's office numbers-
Atlanta: (404) 865-0087
Washington : (202) 224-3521
Use them...
Are they as racist as you are?
Whiteness is a state of mind that can damage & turn a heart black.
Damn you Mr Perdue for calling for Pres Obama's death. You are no better than ISIS. There is a special place in Hell for you
@sendavidperdue
shady looking group there.
Lotta diversity in the room! Must be no talent in the minorities from your state. The hate you espouse will undue you.
I bet they have not prayed for another mans death. #fakechristian
Remember to not pull a Duggar,,:D
Not a representative group of Georgians, is it?
all white. This is your great hope for the future, yes?
really diverse crew you got there. hey interns what's it like to work for a douchebag?
I wonder if they know that you openly advocate the death of our President. You should resign immediately, you hateful bigot.
Senator David Perdue is a Radical Christian Terrorist.
Whitest interns in the senate?
who would emulate hate like yours
GOP showing their true colors! https://twitter.com/ViewFromWise/status/742224442965823488 …
What a lily white group there. You don't know any people of color who would be qualified? #ProofOfRacism?
did you have them pray for President Obama's death?
I hope all the evils you prayed be visited on President Obama and his family are visited upon their houses 10 fold yours too
Did you pray that any of them would die? Guess not because politically speaking.... they agree with you. #Psalm
and friends holding onto their southern evangelical white privileges. Praying for our Presidents demise.
with Trump as your leader, and everyone praying really hard, what could go wrong David? #GOP
hey let's all pray together for the demise of our president! Great knowing the #GOP=Team Player!
did you pray for them to die too?
is now the creepiest Senator of our age! Havong young interns working 4 a guy who prays 4 the death of our President. CREEPY
No blacks or Hispanics but a couple women thrown in for good measure?
You phoney!  You couldn't name 5 in this photo op!  #fakebiatch!
@realDonaldTrump NO Christian values! They are selfish ruthless thugs + you are an evil  traitor
They must be so proud to work for a jack hole like you
You must be a good study of #ShariaLaw praying for the death of your rival.  How old testament of you!
Hey Isis wants you to recruit for them.  You have the same values!
just don't do what Newt and Asa did with their interns worst part the whole time showboating impeachment trial
I hope your family's days are numbered, you call yourself a Christian. Jesus weeps at your hypocrisy.  Lowlife.
Not one minority face and you are disgusting using scripture to be negative towards the President.
are they praying for #POTUS death too?
I hope you are not another Republican pervert. Too many!!
Shame shame on you @sendavidperdue.
Look at them products of incest, not just you Senator, but your cast of Characters
that is one WHITE group.  no minorities in Georgia worth considering?
Do you pray for them to die of cancer?
heres hoping they all die quickly too, seems thats your kind of prayer you horrible excuse for a man
I'm assuming all of them are RACIST TOO & Want @POTUS dead too just like their Punk Ass Boss!!!
The next day,a beaming smile while you pray for the death of a sitting US Pres?What a fine figure of a Christian. Pathetic.
.@sendavidperdue As you can see, it's really hard these days to find qualified "colored help."
well I'm sure Trump 4got 2 loan him 1 of "our African Americans". Sure it'll b talked abt at cross burning
This explains so much
Hmm, they're ALL white. Reinforces that good ol proud Georgia racism you bragged on this morning.
All confederate soldiers. Waiting for the Trump and the return of slavery.
How can they work for such an evil prick?
With all DUE RESPECT.....go straight to hell! Your bigotry is despicable!
Where's the other minorities Davey?  NOWHERE!  SO #Repugnantican!!
Hopefully they will find other work soon, your days in office or numbered. Do not threaten my @POTUS !!!
I'm sure these are nice young white people. You're no psalmist.
Which ones are you having an affair with?
any African americans?
No blacks kids in Georgia?
Teaching them to hate one psalm at a time?
do you pay your interns? Or do their daddies have to be rich enough to pay for their room & board in Washington?
so many white faces!
