I know the feeling I had a seizure last year when I was in hospital psych ward and went into cardiac arrest I almost died
@EricaSpins1 i though i heard he crash landed in a field and walked away?
not this one.
I'm sorry ,i need to read a bit,thanks for the info
nooo worries 
you sound like my brother ,hooaha !
sweet... I think
he is pj where good
@SchadeTom RIP marine! No words, just thanks brother!!
@_Ryan_C a young man.  Thx is just inadequate
Fair Winds and Following Seas, Godspeed.
Semper Fidelis & RIP Capt Jeff Kuss of My USMC of One YSE YGYT
@TechQn 
@sendavidperdue very brave men and women.  but we need to share this sacrifice by bringing back military draft/service.
Angels of Peace. They knew real hell and returned they are true pacific. Go in peace and give us peace dear Soldier friend
I am so sorry,  and my prayers go out for him,  and to his family in their time of pain!! Thank you for your service Sir, Semper Fi
ACEIAȘI PASIUNE? MULT SUCCES ÎN CE-ȚI PROPUI!
@edonn84 JMJ R.I.P.
Rest in Peace, Sir!
Semper Fi
@txdevildog be with those, too, who were with the fallen who may well need aid.
a hero
@jerrythornton1 this pilot slid off runway in Brunswick Maine also::: was he new (inexperienced) has there been a cause determined
@sendavidperdue Honor the wounded when they return, most GOPers prefer to cut veteran benefits. Your heart is cold & black4 POTUS?
Semper Fi.
@DJacobHernandez too bad they just did a show in Annapolis.
God Bless #Guardian Angel
condolences and thoughts
With Particular Sentiment
#Glory To This #AmericanHero
With Extreme Humility..RIP #Patriot
Semper Fidelis,Marine.
RIP Capt Kuss, and prayers for the family.  We heard he didn't punch out, in order to steer the plane away from people on the ground.
@txdevildog RIP
RIP....Prayers to his family
@txdevildog 
RIP Captain!
my heart goes out to his family. 
Rest in Peace
@otis34monty Amen. Godspeed.
@davidwebbshow love and prayers go out to this American hero and his family
Now guarding the streets in Heaven! Thank you! To your family...My heart and prayers go out to you!
R.I.P.
RIP thank you for your service.
prayers to the family. Thank and bless our military and families.
@JimLaPorta RIP and Semper Fi, Sir
@davidwebbshow 
Flying in Heaven now!
@lbates702 ThankU Hero...watching over Heaven now
Rest in Peace.
@davidwebbshow Obvious he made sure nobody else was hurt. Ultimate respect thank you for your sacrifice and service.
@DebraGil RIP Brother.Fair winds and following seas.
RIP - May Capt. Jeff Kuss be in God´s glory.
sympathy and condolences goes out to his  family  and God bless the rest!
Im sooo sorry for his loved one's, there aren't any words to be spokenthat will take that pain away,only prayers,
God bless him and his family for their service and sacrifice. Semper Fi brother!
sad day for America.
SEMPER FI Skipper!! Keep things squared away "up there"!!
looking amazing
thank you for serving our country; a grateful nation salutes you.
R.I.P.prays to the family
I never met you, but I love you for all that you have done to keep me and my family safe. 1 million hugs to you
@TheOldManClub Sad day. we lost one of the Best of the Best.
@JayStylus RIP Marine...Semper Fi
#Proud of your service, #RIP
@USMC
@gearupflapsup  Thoughts are with you and the crew Katie.  Semper Fi.
heartbreaking Semper Fi
Oorah.
R.I.P Mr. Kuss, Our Thoughts and Prayers go out to The Kuss Family.
Semper Fi Captain.
God Bless Him and his family
remember him 
RIP
@tammiefields Our family's deepest sympathies to his family, his friends, and his fellow Marines. Semper Fi always.
RIP Capt Jeff Kuss condolences to family and friends
I remember with respect ..
Til Valhalla, Sir
rip for jeff semper nobis
RIP
RIP Marine. Now you fly among the angels.
Bless Captain Jeff Kuss Rest in
Peace Blue Angel I pray 4u n all UR loved
One's ⚘⚘
GOD BLESS YOU SIR.  THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR SERVICE.  ARE PRAYERS ARE WITH YOUR FAMILY AND YOU !!!!
thoughts are with his family. Probably needed to help Ali get used to his wings.
j+22  CAPT. JEFF KUSS he is already w\ us  INFINITO=22\33 84\22
In Honor, we salute you and all who serve.
- God bless his memory.
RIP Capt, thanks for your service
RIP
