...and when half million virus infected refugees flood country, citizens can't afford Plan. #TheyAreInfected #BecauseVirusesSPREAD
But can I keep my doctor????
@SenatorFischer @SenateMajLdr @FEC https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/17720 … Is @HillaryClinton colluding w/ Super Pac, Avi Glazer?
@bigbluefanintn Imagine that!
does anyone believe this?  The admin lies so much that if they admit to 25% the number must be astronomical
two days ago his A hole was talking it up again.
@LindaSuhler Now where did all that Lying get you with this one Obama?
Obamacare is a good reason alone to vote Trump! #duckhillary
The Donald will repeal and let us purchase HSA accts with competition across state lines, it's about freakin time.
Surprised...shouldn't be. It was predicted when this BS started
Obamacare...what a scam!
Obama should step down now, he lied to A People!
But SUCKERS and IDIOTS will vote for #HillaryClinton... LMFAO!!!
so that means you'll be voting for Hillary,good for you.
One of the big lies told to us by Dems.  BHO and Dems are destroying this nation.
lol. How's that free/affordable heath care treating you. And it's only going to get more expensive.
@LindaSuhler Liberal "change" chaotic, deceptive, & reckless? Who voted for that?
@sendavidperdue Nothing new. was crappy from the beginning.
Rates Rise Again For Obamacare Health Plans, But So Do Subsidies. Tell the whole story.
Truth confirmed
seriously who drafted Obama care, Bambi and thumper?  They had to know this would happen.
America doesn't care that Donald ducks, what America cares about is that Donald will put more bucks in our wallet.
ObamaCare is NOT working
Not to worry. Obama promised prices would go down for Health Care.
just received cancellation letter from @Humana plan no longer available. Thanks @POTUS you suck
Hi Gina. We'd be happy to answer any questions or concerns you have. Please send us your name, zip, email & ph#. TY –Crystal
By the time you pay your premiums, you'll have no money left to pay your high deductibles.
- don't waste a good crises-single payer is on the way
@foxandfriends wow it needs to be repealed!It is just HORRID!!
way to go #blue
That's just great.
Rate hikes with Obamacare is not new, it was in the plan, these idiots that passed the plan  cared less
nobody is buying it

I love how Humana now, wait we can help.  Nice try. They are all in it together
i thought it was affordable lol.  Dumb people thay misplaced their faith in this Babboon, i have no sympathy for you
Vote Trump in and be rid of Obamacare! There's got to be something better...change is what we need!
Thanks Obama...I'm sure you're shocked#Check your premium and vote change
Vote for one person, a dictator? https://aeternums.wordpress.com/2016/10/25/vote-for-one-person-a-dictator/ … via @wordpressdotcom

@foxandfriends Obama has BOTCHED EVERYTHING he has put his nasty paws upon!
@foxandfriends And so what,??? Only the idiot voters are surprised??
But Oh wait,...climate change caused this debacle.
He must have seen it on CNN---So surprised too.  Yeah, right---They knew this in 2010, Gruber/Emanuel liars, frauds.
So much for the $2500 savings he promised. @POTUS 
#ObamaLied
A real success, right? The democrat party could fuck up a wet dream.
The funeral has begun. @POTUS is Conniving is a liar #Debatenight #MAGA #Debatenight
like my family's premium hike
another epic fail for this jackass. Did he not know this 2 days ago when he said rate increases were the lowest in years? Liar!
wow who would have thought this was coming!!!!
you blame Obama Care since it has nothing to do with hikes, why don't you ask the insurance companies who are making big profits
thanks, but most of us who voted against thus already knew increases were coming g. Shouldn't be a surprise to anyone!
vote Donald Trump for president ,put an end to Obamacare and Clinton corruption
double digits ppl retweet this is what u get if u vote HC they can't fix this & she is keeping obamacare!

@foxandfriends just met with people today...I'm a teacher and so is my husband.  Insurance gone way up!!!!!
Anyone shocked by this? Right as Obama gets ready to leave office. Classy move
Now Obama admits to the truth. This is one of the things Trump said would happen. Idiot and corrupt Obama and DNC!
sooo... Politifact fact checkers were wrong again? Say it ain't so.
@realDonaldTrump We desperately need #Obamacare repealed. We were lied to by @POTUS. #UnaffordableCareAct
Awesome!!!!!! Thank you Obama!!!!!  
Repeal!
Replace and Appeal this Shit!
@realDonaldTrump I know everyone can't wait. Sad this is not for children who will have to work 8 mos to pay their insurance
well looky there! This is the Democrats Baby!! They own it, remember "it's the law of land" thing?! Haha
And HC is all about saving Obamacare. #NeverHillary
@foxandfriends they want to dump millions of tax payer money into a program we didn't want in the first place to save it watch & c
gee @davidgregory no tweets
Vote Hillary and it's going to continue. Republicans tried to tell you years ago but nooo we didn't know what we were talking about
Obama's crack squad has just now figured this out?  On top of things as usual.
yep.  There it is.
OMG!! No one saw this coming!!
@eastonriggs7 got my new rate hike #obamacaresucks
yep and you won't be the only one
I can't afford this anymore. Premium $1320/mo next year. No subsidy-for married couple/no children.
Wake up America!  Vote Trump!
99% is double digit
That was always the plan. Wait until he is out of office before we really feel the pain! #neverhillary
Rigging the Election – Video III: Creamer Confirms Hillary Clinton Was P... https://youtu.be/EEQvsK5w-jY  via @YouTube
the GOP tried to tell ppl and not ONE Republican voted for it. It's all on hrc,bo, and dems. Tear it up as TRUMP said.
: Piss on that, what about Electric something we need to survive..! 
#justsayin'
I don't get a fn subsidy.
Oh, but this was to be expected or we knew that some adjustments were going to have to be made. #Obamacare #democrats lying again.
But if you like your doctor you can keep him?
That's good. Faster and higher they go, the faster the whole thing collapses!!
we get very few warnings in life.obamacare is a huge warning! Hillarry is going to hurt us worse!
Dems planned this purposely or grossly forcasted the cost effect. Either way how do these people feel about voting Democrat now.
thanks a lot Osama
and they will still vote for Hillary
Obama says you can keep your high premiums if you want to!
because it is a money pit punishing those paying premiums and doing the right things.
democrats still worried about the low income non working people's insurance, gotta protect the lazy. Fuck the working man
@POTUS "less than a cellphone bill" if you stream fucking Netflix on a satellite phone from middle of the ocean
#Obamacare  #fail
@foxandfriends This just reinforces the fact that we need a change in direction. Trump is the only answer
so what?! More people than ever have coverage!! They can't afford it, but they have it!!! Nothing to see here........
And Drug companies announced today that 120 drugs are being eliminated from co-pay next year.
the apple a day keeps the doctor away program is far better than obamacare
Do U still get 2 keep a different Doctor? No wait, that's not what he said; so R U saying our leaders don't always tell the truth?
and dems still want hillary? Liars liars corrupt colllusion
You can keep your plan
Premiums will go down $2500.
LIES. all LIES from a Democrat party who will say anything. Think we r stupid!
shocked!? No. Hillary having supporters... yes!! #
@foxandfriends nice ! Lol if your voting trump wear red to the polls
Didn't we tell you that from the beginning?!!!
CT scan, xray co pay for my medicare supplement zero to $150.00 next year outrageous especially with the 0.3% raise!
how's that free healthcare y'all wanted?

And yet people will still vote for Hillary knowing she wants to expand Obamacare.

want to see how soon hillary flips on not running with obamacare
Premiums going up a surprise?! Last year they doubled. This year they tripled! I'm definitely not better off with #Obamacare!
Thieves, Obama and all gov officials should be required to enroll and get coverage through Obama care. Vote Trump.
@HillaryClinton @cnnbrk @MSNBC @abcnews @CBSNews @NBCNews /Obamacare,HiLIARy's FAVORITE, WILL INCREASE PREMIUMS BY 25%.Can U afford
We own a small business approx 64% hike in health care on the "market place"  Sucks
biggest hoax on The American people ever.  "We have to pass it to see what's in it"
What people need to understand is this! Obamacare was not passed to help the people. It was passed to payoff Insurance companies!
we have already had double digit increases , so this is triple!
it's time for the Bias press and Democrats to  start telling the truth!  They think the election is in the bag!  Wake up voters !
@Stu_Mundel Why?
@jernst1980 No ONE sign up! It's dead in March anyway!
I hope this makes happy all the #CrookedHillary 's sheep, and all the brainwashed liberals #NeverHillary #TrumpPence16
. Vote TRUMP and this  grabbing useless Obama care will end
Proof positive. Paid $600 in 2015, $900 this year and I'm holding off knowing it's going to 4 digits if any carriers are left in 17
I have great employer provided healthcare. If hillary steals the election I hope all her voters suffer....
@terrikammer keep ya dr. Keep ya plan. Save $2,500 / yr/family
The most disastrous bill ever passed in the history of the United States...all passed based on lies and deceit #Americaisscrewed
I have never had to pay a medical bill. ANSWER TO OBAMACARE. MILITARY
thank goodness im in the military. medical insurance for family $37  month. Unlimited healthcare for the family.  Join the military
Wish I could too old
I stayed in for 20yrs. Now im getting ready to retire. My med health insurance for family will be 50 a month.
My son is in the Coast Guard and we tell him always - STAY IN -even if it is just for the health insurance
talked about getting out right before every re enlistment... but honestly there were way more pros to staying in
 and you get to keep your own Dr.  The worst kind of ethics/leadership we could have gotten.
And subsidies go up which means higher taxes to pay for it. Vicious cycle.
biggest lie since George Washington
just more lies...The administration of lies continue by the next criminal HRC
.@FoxNews  Kellyanne Conway's view on Trump months before he hired her.
lock her up
Wake up folks! This is Hillary supports and will continue if she's elected!
@arynkwMy F---ing Premium dubbedI don't have Obama CareThat lying F---ing PigAmerica don't Vote for HillarySave AmericaPlease
this is the most stupid shit that has ever been pushed down Americas throat Reid an assclown Pelosi an obama are to blame
Obamacare & all other entitlements will ruin social security not to mention the USA. And Dems seem ok with it. Good riddance.
@ritaann5 what a creep
another great idea by Obama goes bust.  He will go down as the worst President in history!!!
no kidding.....
#affordable 
you think?! Mine have quadrupled since Obama care was passed!
Really?! So surprising!!
madness that will cost the avg. worker the most
Brigitte Gabriel on Islam if U love your family WATCH
@ShepNewsTeam Maybe democrats should have read the bill before passing it?
This is a big problem.  @RandPaul has confirmed they drop on the desk then give them mins to review #lame
Brigitte Gabriel absolutely destroys condescending Muslim
Hillary Clinton knew all along – US allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding Isis
how much of the tax payer $ has been wasted between the website and now this ?
Fox business ppl of u want real news
I think I'll invest in ramen noodles and candles because it'll be a good bet that's what ppl will be able to afford
keep voting Hillary and Democrats. They will take over everything and ruin it. This was predicted.
Obama lied to the people and Hillary continues but the corrupt Liberal Politicians will let a criminal win corrupt elections!
Of course no mention of unaffordable deductibles. Yet Obama accomplished his goal- more people with (useless) insurance.
HRC has such hatred for the VERY PEOPLE who she would have to defend if potus. DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN
It's not just the premium that is ridiculous it's the massive deductibles that make it catastrophic insurance!
are you democrats paying enough yet.
Fox (CNN) u people suck..and get these 5 liberals of ur show and the ppl may still watch
Wow!
I thought Obama said Obamacare was doing fine, just a few bumps.  Looks like sinkhole.
why is it the only ones prospering in America, is Clintons, Barack, foriegn refugees & illegals?
if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. If you like your plan you can keep your plan. As Obama said with great smugness.
no shit. It is a complete disaster. I'm all for everyone having insurance but what they did with Obamacare is a fucking joke
@TheJuanWilliams  Confirms @FoxNews declaration that @HillaryClinton is winner of 2016 Federal Election! Move along & go home!
Oh but this is such a good thing. This why we need trump. #repealandreplace. #DrainTheSwamp
YIKES!!
Put a fork in it. It's done. ACA has already had a major negative impact on me personally and on other family members and friends.
fox is only outlet telling truth trump will have 100 mil in this what has crooked invested 0000 drain the swamp I love it
Of course it is going up double digits.No surprise.The Unaffordable Obama death care kills people's budgets. Who can afford it?
great job Obama I guess it's still Bush's fault.
- told ya so...
As an RN, I have witnessed personally and in my career what ACA has done to this country#repealitnow @BarackObama @realDonaldTrump
@BarackObama The ultimate snake oil salesman!
Obamacare will go down as the biggest boondoggle in History and has wasted Billions we didn't have to waste
this should not be a surprise- it's just know one has been talking about it
the same people that predicted this are predicting a disaster if @HillaryClinton wins.. Think about it America!
@TheFive Move along Folks! Move along! News folks don't talk news now! Clear the streets & Move along now!
Won't matter. The fawning fops who voted for that lunatic will just blame "greed" and Trump and tell us that's why we need Hillary.
Shocker. I love switching insurance every year. 
