The DoD – the largest single discretionary line item in the federal government’s budget – has NEVER been audited.
The provisions I secured in this year’s #NDAA are the biggest step Congress has ever taken to hold DoD accountable for its finances.
READ my op-ed on why it’s important to audit the Department of Defense in @RCDefense —>
Kinda like if you were @potus and said the same thing about tax returns, right?
Is @SenJohnMcCain the only R that still has a brain? Or is it that he is not completely purchased? Why not audit every department, inc. you?
Don't worry, we'll laugh at you regardless.
Vote NO on #CassidyGraham then! No CBO score =  Laughed out of office, a hypocrite not representing your people. Sincerely, GA voter
Kind of like if you were running for potus and refused to show your tax returns to your constituents?
This is why we wanted to see Trump’s tax returns.
As a CEO, wouldn't you have meetings with all of the players involved before enacting a healthcare bill that affects everyone?
Then get Trump to share his tax return let’s learn the truth. Prayer for Trump Psalm 109:8
If you tried to restructure 18% of your company's revenue but didn't show what impact it would have, what would the board room do?
Also if I were a former CEO that made $2 million right before having to fire 7500 workers, I'd talk a lot less of how I was a CEO.
http://www.rethompsontravel.net/david.htm 
Are you talking about Trump? You should
Lookin good sir... keep it coming... you have great ideas..
Talk to your man Trump about that!
What's the CBO score of Graham-Cassidy again? 
So w/out the audit, you're voting no on DOD budget? Yet you'd vote on Graham-Cassidy w/out CBO? Your voting record disproves your words. 
http://www.rethompsontravel.net/david.htm 
Do you have a similar stance on tax returns?
http://www.rethompsontravel.net/david.htm 
Odd how outdated this Twitter page is. All Perdue brags, so nothing new there.
Are we talking about @realDonaldTrump 's taxes or....?
Oh. You mean like when the GOP tries to pass a healthcare repeal without a CBO score?
So you'll ask @POTUS to release his tax returns for the same reason, right?
No amount of Koch Bros. money will reelect you if you bump millions off healthcare. Thousands will die. Please VOTE NO!
You're on to something; keep going!
Kind of like Trump and his refusal to be transparent about his business ventures and investments.
So you’re a no on #GrahamCassidy and officially asking for DJTs tax returns?  Great, got it!
As an absent representative you will be laughed out of office by your constituents. Audit your damn self.
Good luck on trying for audit, DOD needs it
Then why are you doing this exact same with our HEALTHCARE? Hypocrisy at it's finest. You should be embarrassed.
Same idea applies to rushing through a bad healthcare bill without expert vetting. Even insurance ompanoies know this one is wrong!
How about waiting on the CBO score? If not you'll be laughed right out of the senate by Georgians. 
http://www.rethompsontravel.net/david.htm 
So, a Presidential candidate who refused to share his tax returns should have been laughed out of the race? No? You'd kiss his bum??
Do away w/ #CBOscore. Impossible to accurately predict/calculate 10 yrs out. Lousy record of accuracy. Number manipulation. #AuditDOD
Hopefully, you're actually referring to Trump's refusal to release his taxes. He is a laughing-stock for sure.
But isn't this exactly what Trump has done by not releasing his taxes?
The DoD has ALWAYS been a pig trough for corporate largesse. And here you are supporting a 'President' who won't release his tax returns!
What if you made a multi billion $ proposal and failed to provide full projections on impact?!?  Don't vote on healthcare w/o CBO score.
And somehow, 46% voted for a man who used the same excuse for healthcare reform.  And he still has a job.  Go figure!
"Being laughed out of a boardroom" is that why you won't attend a townhall? Obviously you know about accountability, vote NO on GC!
See you next week David! (Coming with NIADA & GIADA) looking forward to seeing you and Senator Isaackson.
Yet you support a healthcare bill without a CBO score, and a President who refuses to show his tax returns. 
As a Comptroller I too audited our books for everyone to see.  So sad your buddy Trump won’t divulge his taxes. Meet with your constituents
Tell that to @realDonakdTrump
Then do we have you down as a no on #CassidyGrahamBill? Seems only prudent since there is no CBO score.
If you vote yes on Graham-Cassidy, you should be voted out of the Senate. Party over people
Are you talking about the OCare repeal bill?
Why doesn't this apply to healthcare?  Why don't you insist the Ptesident release his tax records?  Can't have a double standard!
Good work here. Hold the POTUS to the same standard-praising the $700 Billion increase in unaudited spending by DoD.
Your hypocrisy is astonishing. What about #DotardDonnie tax returns? What about the CBO score?
You're going to be laughed (and voted) out of office, ding dong.
Yet, you voted FOR the $700B defense budget... please explain that one with your Tweets here.
But you're a Senator now, so apparently that's a totally normal thing to do. #sycophant
@thehill @maddow Apparently this is a similar excuse, along with "No Comment" from Trump's Inaugural Cmte in not acctng for unspent millions
yet as POTUS and before @realDonaldTrump has refused to release tax returns. u ok w/ that? #beconsistent @ajc
Great work!
Are you going to wait on a CBO score for the Graham-Cassidy bill before voting on it then?
That's what we're talking about! Proud of you Senator!
I doubt you read the responses here. You have never addressed any of them. Just keep tweeting BS and you will be back to the boardroom soon.
But as a Senator you are willing to vote on #GrahamCassidyBill without a CBO score?  I guess we just have to vote you out of office.
Good point, Senator -- so why do you defend your choice for president when he does the same?
There are many of us who would like to laugh you out of GA. You don't care about any of us as evidenced by your support for  ACA repeal law
Like the way you're being laughed out of the senate? History repeating itself there David. Your senate days are numbered we will get you out
Does this not apply to the nightmare that is Graham-Cassidy?
I want you tweet/speak/shout about how this bill will hurt people/economy of GA
So you also believe Trump should provide his tax returns, right? I mean, it's basically the same thing.
You seriously write this after supporting @realdonaldtrump refusal to release his financial info? Also, what about that CBO score?
#GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace = No.
#SinglePayer = Winner, winner: dinner
#Obamacare = #ACA § 1312
#NDAA
As a senator, if U refuse 2 wait 4 CBO score on legislation, aren't interested in reviewing @Potus taxes b4 voting on tax "reform," you suck
Do you realize how much of a hypocrite you are or is it totally on accident?
We are laughing you out of office.
So then I assume you will wait for a complete CBO score before voting in #GrahamCasiddy ?
and if you voted to alter 1/6th of your company's budget before any analysis had been done, you'd be fired. Graham-Cassidy is irresponsible.
Funny.
As a citizen, I’d say running the country like a CEO is demonstrably disastrous. Also, I’m glad we’ll be getting a CBO score on G-C bill!
There's a lesson in this tweet. Let's see if you're smart enough to figure it out...
I have little faith the lesson will be figured out.
Hope you will insist on a CBO score before promising a vote on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Can’t you see the @GOP hypocrisy right in front of you?
If only you applied this level of rigor to the healthcare bill. Wait for CBO score to confirm what we know and then vote NO!
Ja ertem de segicsegre azert szuksegem lesz magara
Shouldn't this apply to Healthcare as well Senator?
