Appreciate you keeping us safe! Eagerly awaiting next bill - no weapons for no-fly list suspects!
Better see how much the NRA has invested in him
are you suggesting our dear congressman is swayed by anything beyond an honest desire for our perfect safety?
his new restrictions are rational. So freakin rational.
not like an assault weapons ban - that would be silly #keepinussafe #notahypocrtite
Immigrants are not the problem.
Education is key.  Oh...screwed that up too, huh?
NO CHANGES NEEDED- JUST ENFORCEMENT!
I'm a GA voter, & I implore you to reject @JeffSessionsrbx as AG.
You are anti-capitalist and anti-competetion. I want the best workers, I don't care what country they're from
To preserve our quality of life, immigration should be reduced to 200,000/yr & none should be huddled masses!
Legal Immigrants wait 10-30 years 2 reunite families inFunding Illegals & Refugees w/o Ext Vetting is UNFAIR
say it with me: OneTermPerdue
it's ok if kids die while we wait 120 days to let refugees in? REFUGEES don't want to leave. They HAVE to.
This is a racist bill that goes against American principles. Immigrants from all over make US great!
Country > Party, remember?
We said NO for DeVos and Sessions. It's not just about party politics and pushing your own personal agenda.
we need TAX CUTS and ObamaCare repealed!!!
This is racist propaganda. You're making a problem where there is none. Immigrants pay taxes, work hard.
You should be hiding your face in shame re: DeVos. Vote NO on Sessions, Pruitt, and Price! We're watching you closely.
I approve your proposed legislation regarding cutting legal immigration by 50%. Better if cut by 95% tho!
I support your proposed immigration legislation. Why not a total halt for some years 4 assimilation?
@BetsyDeVos gave David Perdue over $20,000 in donations. #PaytoPlay #Corrupt
do you have a conscious? Do you care what the voters of Georgia think? You can count on us like we can count in you in 2020.
Support you 100%! Thank you!
This will help our border issue. No need to spend money on a border. Right?
I agree we need a strong work force. Many jobs American will not do because of the livable wage issues.
Yes this land would be better off w/out immigrants.This bill is 410 years too late!Bleeding hearts let us down
Which lobbyist wrote this bill for you?  It's clear you don't actually understand the way US visas work
Rational? Nothing @SenTomCotton does can be called 'rational.'
Blasphemy
If fine and penalties were placed on the employers for hiring illegals, them this might be a better solution.
Thanks for introducing the RAISE Act! This law should have been passed 20 years ago!!
Georgians are embarrassed to claim you perdue
Cotton's a http://traitor.You  may be vile&
..never mind you stabbed us in the back today so..
Our nation was built by unskilled but motivated immigrants to our country. Your elitist bill is sickening.
Thankful you & Sen. Cotton are taking on immigration...legal immigration #'s too high..so are work visas
glad to see this Senator. You earned the vote I cast for you today. @SenTomCotton
Enjoy your job while you have it. DeVos vote lost you your job. YOU are on notice!
so disappointed in you today Senator. You ignored and failed your constituents. You chose money and party. We won't forget.
thank you I'm behind you all the way!
How about holding a Town Hall so your constituents can tell you what they think about your vote on DeVos? #23k
Of the nearly 3 mill refugees admitted to US since 1980, not 1 has committed a terrorist act. #truthmatters
as a constituent who's child you betrayed, and someone you refuse to represent, I request your resignation.
who paid you for this one?  I'm ashamed of you sir. #VoteThemOut
Legal immigration doesn't need changes. Affirming cabinet members who paid you does.
Care to give us reasons for DeVos vote? Other than the 24,300 that we already know about? Murk has more balls.
Yeah, do everything thing u can to keep refugees like this guy out of US. You are dumber than I thought!
How much do I have to pay for you to listen to the people that pay your salary? #sellout
Exactly. #23k


Communication goes two ways, your constituents are tired of not being listened to.
How about a press confrence where you share why you let down the children of Georgia? #partyoverconstituents
Do your job as MY public servant and resign! You've got a lot of skeletons in your closet that are about to be revealed.
you're trying to cover up the fact that you just went against your constituents by voting for DeVos. We see through you.
Perhaps the 2 of you should watch this episode (Sweet Home) of Vice before continuing

http://www.hbo.com/vice/episodes/03/29-sweet-home-alabama-and-haitian-money-pit/index.html …
how big of a problem is legal immigration?
Can't wait to vote you out. <3
Thx to you @sendavidperdue for destroying public ed w/ your DeVos vote. Need immigrants bcause Americans not educated enough for jobs.
you have no intention of listening to your constituents, so no interest in listening to you.  Just waiting to vote you out.
it's sad that you don't give a damn about your constituent.  I am so sad today about your yes vote.
Tom "Logan Act Be Damed" Cotton? What a duo.
you guys just sold our kids to the highest bidder. #sad
I'd be more excited to be watching this if I though you'd listen to your constituents in return.
It's time to get down and begin to work as a Congress of the United States, not just the congress of the few.
@ajc Hey hey ho ho, Dave Perdue has got to go...to a town all meeting. Seriously. This is absurd. It's. Your. Job.
You guys are great at taking bribes.
