I look forward to democrats blocking him.
politics aside that is one gorgeous pup u have
thank you! Yours is handsome too.
#Gorsuch may be qualified but #Republican obstruction of #Garland was unconscionable. Confirm Garland first!
Horrible choice. He only cares about special interests. VOTE NO! Grow a conscience or I will vote NO for you come midterms.
We are looking forward to voting you out of office ASAP
remarkable against women's rights and all for corporations. Yet another slight to the working class of USA.
we should 1st make sure trump is legit b4 confirming SCOTUS nominee. Investigation into Russia collusion is concerning.
and I look forward to not voting for you
wake up. It won't matter who is on the Supreme Court when Bannon/Trump are through with our country. #denial
I am your constituent you work for ME. Not Trump. Vote NO on Gorsuch. He is anti woman.
Thank U Senator Georgia his Behind You!
don't speak for everyone because "Georgia his" not all behind you. #proofreading
.@GAAdvocateRN Why do tolerant L  ANYBODY that doesn't THINK like them? Actually GA IS behind him! GA IS a RED State!  U anywho Ga girl
@GACRs get involved special election GA. Replace Tom Price, Radical Dems out full force ground game
I look forward to having a senator from Georgia that supports my views.  Hope you're enjoying your one term. #resist
it's a pity that didn't. Give Mr garland the same chance. We did not forget that you refused to do your job for 4 years
Gorsuch also has terrible track record on environment
.@sendavidperdue I look forward  as a constituent to voting you out of office & flooding you with calls to reject this immoral nomination.
so did Merritt Garland. Where were you then???
#Vile #stolenseat
#StolenSeat
#NeilGorsuch puts corporations rights above human rights. http://www.afj.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Neil-Gorsuch-Fact-Sheet-1.30.2017.pdf … I don't support confirming him for #SCOTUS
The next president should pick the next #SupremeCourt justice. Need to give the American people a chance to weigh in.
to bad you chose not to speak to Merit Garland much less hold hearings
Sen Perdue. Slow down. Stop briefly. Listen. Listen to Georgia voters. We don't want Gorsuch. #GorsuchIsUnfit
President Obama already nominated a man with a remarkable career.  This was not Trump's choice to make.
.@sendavidperdue great, kind words; how is he on equality and civil rights? Seems like that will be tested a lot under @POTUS
.@sendavidperdue @GACRs obviously he has bipartisan support. Look who voted for his confirmation in 2006!
This was Obama's seat to fill not the Republicans. Dirty dealing.

nope. He doesn't deserve anything. Merrick Garland deserved a hearing. 
do you have capacity to contemplate or are you a Repulsive I mean Republican Robot? Inquire! Read! Be curious! Do your job.
#MerrickGarland
I will assume u are anti-women & anti-LGBTQ rights.1 thing u don't have 2 assume:what my vote will b during ur re-election.
#BlockGorsuch ....this is a #StolenSeat
maybe listen to your constituents before you make a decision. This one says #noongorsuch
@SenateRPC and @SenateDems should block his nomination just as the @SenateGOP did with former President Obama's nominee.
I used to look forward to things. Then I remembered that my elected representatives will bow to party not conscience. #SAD
39 responses, 2 agree w/ you.
Do the math!
Only 27% voted for Trump.
Why r u caving 2 the minority?
2020 could go bad 4 u.
hey there, just thought I would show you the power of twitter (I have 18 followers) and how far we can show your hatred.
yeah, he's great if you are a rich white guy.  Oh wait.
I hope you give him the exact same consideration you gave Merrick Garland
Stolen seat
I hope you give him the same consideration you all gave Merrick Garland
you applaud fascists a lot. Have you considered who you represent recently?
Remarkable career of attacking #EqualRights bc he is not for #EqualRights must be blocked for 1,450 days.
I look forward to using all my resources to vote you out of office for your backward politics.
.@sendavidperdue You're fickle. Unwavering support of the Constitution is essential today, but you didn't think so yesterday. #SallyYates
merrick garland or bust #gavoter #Garland
This constituent prefers you withhold judgment until after his hearing is complete. Stop pushing through these inepts.
Really. The hobby lobby judge? Companies do not have religious rights. This is a huge issue #MyRKellyList
Here. I fixed it for you. "Judge Merrick Garland has led a remarkable career. I look forward to confirming his nomination"
not as much as I look forward to making you a minority senate next year.
still amazed at how neither you nor @SenatorIsakson understand irony and hypocrisy. What about #Garland?!!
#stolenseat
rubber stamp? You going to listen to testimony or anything? Of course not. The leader has spoken. Advise and don't question
.@sendavidperdue Gorsuch's record suggests he will not protect rights of all Americans (women, workers, etc). Please reconsider your stance.
And I look forward to making sure you spend the next four years listening to ALL your constituents.
I thank you for your support of Judge Gorsuch and I look forward to his swift confirmation in the Senate. #SupremeCourt
But surely not DeVos, or Pruitt.
Judge Garland is even more qualified and you did nothing. You reap what you sow. smh
I looked forward to Merrick Garland being nominated, but Republicans threw a fit and refused to do their jobs. Shameful.
great day! Look forward to his confirmation! Thank you.
Merrick Garland deserves an up-or-down vote. No vote on Gorsuch until Garland vote is held. WE WILL VOTE YOU OUT.
Excellent pick.. he fits the job.. Thank you Senator I hope Justice Roberts heard that Justices don't write the law..
I look forward to Voting against you in 2020.
and I look forward to voting against you in 2020.
before even hearing his testimony? Are you abdicating your responsibilities as a US Senator so soon? #adviseandconsent
This constituent wants you to oppose his nomination.
I hope he can live ok forward to the same confirmation process Merrick Garland did.
Yes, you had my vote and you still have my support. Now do what is necessary to get him approved.
You know what I was looking forward to? The Senate confirming Merrick Garland.

I hope the Dems obstruct you as you did them
.@sendavidperdue Just like you looked forward to Garland's nomination?
