Yes and we want it before a deal on those Daca brats.
Will someone explain how so many Christians don't see the irony of building a wall? Seems like something Jesus would oppose #LoveThyNeighbor
Will someone explain why for decades those who have respected this nation's path2entry have been pushed2the back of the line?My God says no.
1. Immigrant here: there is no line per se, it's a metaphor
2. Path to entry has looked very different in prior decades, it wasn't all legal
You say "cut the line" but it doesn't work that way. It gives you a visceral frustration, but doesn't reflect the reality of immigration.
As for prior generations: we let 125,000 Vietnamese in the US in 1975 alone. Would you say America has suffered? I'd say we're better for it
Other prior generations: you could literally get off the boat from Ireland & signed up for the military, instantly making you a US citizen.
12million came through Ellis Island at a time when we needed2build out this country,they were vetted, &many returned,did u have a point?
Of the multitude of issues to deal with, the wall is far down the list. More important problems. Wake up!!
Really? I don't think so. The American people have been promised this Wall for 30 years, or didn't you know?
So the wall is more important than the economy, infrastructure, Korea, taxes, healthcare? I know it isn't.
If we don't have a border, then we don't have a country...despite what u have heard,we r not the world's welfare/employment agency
{Morgan Freeman voice}
"We will not be building that wall."
Want to bet?
Yes. All in.
Build wall NOW
No one said that
The wall is a pipeline
Immigration reform is a must along with the wall. You are absolutely correct Senator. Thank you
Our senator is paying fast & loose with his stats.
DACA kids DO NOT GET WELFARE.
Liars Academy, otherwise known as the #GOPMafia
Four horsemen of the apocalypse or maybe four dwarves
Considering how many people of Mex descent are citizens in yr district now you probably won't be reelected.
Exactly!Our point!
"if we build it they won't come"
if we build then MEX better pay! u promised!! #keepyourpromises
Mexico will NEVER pay. Wake up
No deal on #DACA at all.  I don't trust Congress or Trump to do this right. It's all amnesty w/ the RINOs. Trump should back off !!
#StuckOnStupid #GOPMafia Common sense is not so common anymore. This is like a malignancy without immediate cure. The cure begins soon
Well if they've been her all alive why have they not become US citizens
@sendavidperdue 2020 cannot get here soon enough. You do not represent the people of your state or even factual information #shameonyou
Constituent here. VOTE NO on disastrous Graham-Cassidy. 30 million lose coverage, you lose your job. Simple. #SaveACA #HealthCareForAll
Weed them out and send every one of them back where they came from!
More illegals come through ATL airport - you putting a wall around it? It makes just as much sense. Get serious about how u spend OUR money.
Social Welfare comment a bit more complex than how you presented-but nobody really cares-just look at the pretty girl. Politifact post.
I'ld ask u to vote no on Graham Cassidy bill but u got your nose so far up Trumps butt you forgot how to say no except when it comes to us
Still waiting.
No, Wall!
Yes, DACA
Yes, HealthCare for all
The majority of illegals fly here and live after visas expire. Airplanes fly over walls. Such a waste of tax dollars
David Perdue, we neither need or want a wall!  Spout off all you want on faux  news. With that money you can do a lot of good at home!
You must build it.
Wall will not happen, nor would it really work to begin with.
The Chinese wall worked pretty well.
According to historians it didn't really work. It cost the Chinese too much $$ and about a million lives during construction. It was a fail.
You're kidding right? They defeated the mongol hoards and kept their ppl safe for generations. But nice try. 
I can back my tweet up with sources, can you?
Over 70% of the illegal immigrants are on Medicaid or (obamacare) that the tax payors are payin 4.  How is that fair to us as Americans?
False. Undocumented ppl not eligible for benefits like Medicaid, TANF, EBT, Housing, etc. Look it up. #FakeNews  They pay $3B in taxes tho
Mexicans were here before whites. And why are whites stealing from the Indigenous Peoples still? Why? Sacrilegious is why
Every time I go to a casino I think they are stealing from me!!!
You mean a wall of security?
no more rhetoric just do it!!
illegals will still find a way
apparently I'm not there
NOPE.  Not gonna happen.
We must build the wall and militarize it Mexico must pay. They are mostly responsible for this illegal invasion and all the expense 4 them
No deal. No parley with the Dems all DACA and illegal aliens should be deported immediately no exceptions for no reason
It's going to be a teeny tiny one but hey a wall is a wall!
He will not meet with constituents but will continue to meet with Fox. #embarrassment
Tell the truth David stop lying. Immigrants have enriched this country immensely. The wall will not stop those from Europe, or do they count
He'll build a mile and claim he built 100 and that it's the solution to all the ills that it can't possibly fix.
Constituent here. The wall is a joke. WE DON'T NEED A WALL.
You ever notice how guys like this never suggest cracking down on BUSINESSES that hire undocumented? Only like 2hurt vulnerable ppl #SaveACA
I really hope so
Not from California
your base has your 6 POTUS
This is about all we are going to get
POTUS promised Mexico would pay for a Wall. Now we're trading Amnesty for DACA and millions of their relatives to get $ for a Wall!  Why?
nowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallnowallno
Oh, god, this moron truly shines when complimented by the best of idiots on FnF!
What a waste of taxpayer money. Use it for infrastructure projects to help Americans recovering from hurricanes, instead!
And pigs are going to fly 
Americs needs the wall
Can't wait to see it
Great. Thanks, Dave.
@sendavidperdue We do not need a wall. We do, however, all need #healthcare & #jobs. Where are you on those fronts? Screw the damn wall.
Yes
What an embarrassment to the state of GA.
"We are going to build a wall, AND MEXICO WILL PAY FOR IT" is what he said. If the second part was a lie then why insist on the first part?
Yeah yeah.. and Mexico's gonna pay for it. We know.. I'm ashamed you represent my state
Perdue needs to tend to the business of Georgia, like in hurricane preparedness
Sorry but there are no billions to build a wall so not going to happen. Fix, patch up, improve the existing walls yes!  Added security yes!
A must build.
I can't wait to vote for your opponent.
We hate you here in Georgia
Just try to tell the property owners in Texas that the government is taking their land to build the wall.  I'm sure that will end well
No David. The only walls you'll see are those that surround your country club...
NO DEAL,CONGRESS WILL NOT APPROVE THIS,OR THEY LOOSE JOBS.
We don't want the fucking wall.  We want health care for all.
I don't know why a Sen. would pretend anything would pass, with a 60-vote rule and with committee assignments relying on caucus loyalty.
Border crossings a significantly down so why do we need a wall? Shouldn't be spend it on infrastructure?
In your mind
Lies!!! They are not eligible for welfare!!!
It may consist of orange cones, but we will build that wall.
This is a lie
Will you be though!!??
I still like the idea of solar panels or wind turbines on it. Can't wait to see it even if it does take a few years.
No wall!!
Sure you will
.....AND have Mexico pay for it! Why have you omitted half the promise ? To make it seem like he's honouring it ?
No senator. Just, no.
Once the wall is built, we, the constituents of Georgia, plan to toss you over the wall.
Not

I VOTED FOR YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP IM GLAD YOUR IN WHITE HOUSE I HOPE PRAY YOU BUILD A WALL A REAL WALL NOT VIRTUAL WALL A REALL WALL!!
Did he say how long the wall will be?  #liar
it's our worst nightmare. Like moving our mother inlaw into the spare bedroom. Fifty % of immigrants on welfare,Come on Man ? Unsustainable"
Just build the wall out of Ivanka's unsold Chinese-made merchandise. Problem solved.

That's why we sent David to Washington to help clean it up and work for us. Good job David.
If I had a nickel for every time David didn't actually do what his constituents wanted I could probably "lobby" him to do the right thing
POTUS isn't king what a snowflake
The fence 

 I'm on the floor !
It will make his hand look big! 


We need the wall! And we need it now!!!
I think you need to tear down that wall around your head first.
Build the wall. Congress stop the forked tong crap. @McConnellPress @HouseGOP @PRyan NOW PEOPLE. FUND IT.
Ok, but let's first have a conversation about what that actually means.
Don't think so
This guy's speaking to his idiot and narrowing base.
Good luck getting the GOP House to fund that. If it's not tax breaks for the wealthy, they have no incentive to do anything.
Lol. Stuck on the wall.
Well, more recently he said we're going to renovate some fences....
Don't believe anythingTrump says-he says one thing to one crowd & the opposite to a different crowd-just depends on whom he's with-no ethics
And monkeys will fly out of my arse
@sendavidperdue 20 Trillion in debt & you want to waste money on an unnecessary wall. I thought u were a fiscal conservative?  What a joke!
There are so many other things on our plate besides the stupid wall.
I hope so. This is why we voted for Trump
Bots don't vote.
Build the wall! 
Hey, time to help the homeless children, elderly and military Vets across America. DACA robs tax payers/our citizens!
Make America great again.  America strong
Unicorns will one day rule the earth! #BigDummy
Uh...,No.  We're not building a stupid wall.
are you willing for your taxes to go up to build the wall? I'm not.
And my social security check which I worked all my life to get is being taxed to pay for it!
I'd rather be taxed for a wall than for welfare for illigals
Do you have proof illegals get welfare?
So David: Talk to your colleagues like @JohnCornyn @HurdOnTheHill @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain who are mocking and undercutting the wall
thinking rebuild Florida & Houston might take a chunk of that wall money. Priorities!
it's not illegals taking our jobs. It's Europeans imported b/c they work cheaper.
Both! Can't work in construction...we can't work as cheap as those who waterdown paint/skip steps! Euros have the cashiers/wait staff jobs!
wrong they are building plants for autos & working tech.
The wall is gonna fix everything. Can't wait. I'm gonna have a better job, more money, and the wife will get prettier. That wall is magic!
