Whether or not you're right, quit talking about Obama (he's gone now) and provide comprehensive, affordable healthcare to ALL Georgians.
B/C it is an Obama disaster, lay blame where it belongs. U can't snap your fingers & fix an Obama plan started to lead us to single payer.
Ok. I think it is clear that they blame Obama. Let's stop blaming and do something! It's not like Obama is still in their way.
Fixing this Obama mess should be done right, not fast.
Good thing they've had 8 years to plan and now have the house & senate. Waste a little less time blaming Obama and they should be fine.
Defending themselves from the derangement aimed at destroying them must also be done.
Ah. That makes more sense. Blaming Obama is defending themselves. Got it.
Obamacare is a mess,so I blame BO. Fixing mess meant by dems to give us another social program is not easy,if it can be done at all. Got it?
How will the #GOP plan change any of that? How will #AHCA help the poor, disabled & elderly? Or do the just not count?
Please provide the SOURCE of the article!
So your answer to this is trumpcare which will close hundreds of hospitals & deny Dr visits to the poor, elderly,& disabled? Unbelievable!
Oh gosh....give us a break
#hypocrisy is not a good look on you.  COME OUT OF THE CLOSET $ hold #TownHall.  #listen 2 us in person. U will hear #truth
The GOP bill collapsed before it even started.
Do not repeal the ACA unless you find a way to provide universal healthcare. We need a plan that works.
Collapsing under its own weight? Gee, I wonder why? Quit sabotaging the American ppl. How do you sleep at night? It's sickening.
Do explain why the tax cut for 400 people of $50000+ each helps Obamacare from imploding? Would love to ask you at a town hall.  When is it?

@GOP has done nothing but intentionally cripple ACA. 
If YOU want to be a REAL leader, fix the broken parts. Don't repeal.
'Regardless of CBO score'??!! Not what any of us said during ACA hearings! #singlepayor is the only option.
You are going to leave millions of Georgians without health care! Do the right thing fix it!
Oh, & medicaid was not extended here so many people are already denied healthcare thnx to Deal. Your motto, if not rich bury them in a ditch
It's not collapsing it's under attack by Republicans looking to provide tax breaks for the wealthiest, like former CEOs.
Stop towing the GOP line and speak to your constituents.  Even if they didn't vote for you.  #PERDUECHICKEN #ONLYTALKTOFOLKSWHOPAY
same in other states also. As a $13,000 deductible is the same as having no insurance.
Quit regurgitating @realDonaldTrump lies!!!
#singlepayer
We are all aware of what is about to take place. When it is over, lets talk about what YOU are doing to education. #WePayAttention
If so, it's at your hands.Vile You're a traitor to Georgia, delighting in people losing healthcare. God & Country mean nothing to you
would you rather have the preventable deaths of your citizens on your hands? Would that be preferable?
You vote for AHCA = I vote for anyone but @sendavidperdue.
It's called the #ACA senator. And the reason it's failing in GA is b/c Rs sabotaged it from the beginning by not allowing expansions
Georgia also didn't take the money to expand medicare.  Maybe we should start there.  My health insurance went down this year.  Go figure.
Trump is undermining the ACA. It would've helped if Gov. Deal hadn't refused expanded Medicaid & let Georgians die. #SaveACA #trumpcareKills
David, you are amazing in your predictability. You GOPers are sabotaging the ACA with no good alternative. You are a true #GOPtoady. #gapol
So your idea is doing a worse thing to fix it ?? I'm sure the big ins. and big pharma are warming up their pens the write you checks already
Where do you get your information?
thanls to ReTHUGlicans like yourself!
Regardless?  That's the way a failing student starts to explain away their lack of effort.
Your staffer just told me you favor ditching the AHCA and starting fresh in Senate. A statement from you to that effect would be refreshing!
When are endorsing @gianforte ? Just your kind of guy unChristian un-American #Trumpeffect
Incidentally, in 2012 on the private market, non-high deductible plans were 750/mo for a couple.  Today $215 on
Please ignore the paid trolls! #repealobamacare
Just because people disagree with the GOP's demonstrably horrible plan, we are paid? Get over yourself. Idiot.
TROLL!!!!!! 
The ACA is being sabotaged by you and your cronies.
You are a liar.
It's because you and the governor helped cripple it.  I hope you are proud.
Maybe if you'd spent the last seven years trying to make it better instead of crying about the black president's name on it...#resign
Fake news, Senator. Georgians are worse off because our officials chose to opt out of Medicaid expansion. Don't obfuscate. #doyourjob
The problem is you & all the GOP wanting to kill people that do vote for you as well as the ones that don't. #CripTheVote
February 2017:Perdue declined to meet with his constituents in Town Hall meetings. He publicly stated that "Town Halls aren't my style."
US democracy is collapsing but you're acting as if doing nothing IS an option. Please check & balance the executive branch. #DoYourJob
Options other than Wealthcare: use authority to reign in big pharma, only give tax cuts to corporations providing healthcare, single payer
"Doing nothing is not an option." Literally no one has suggested doing nothing.
Every one of these responses by your constituents is more honest and informed than your tepid talking point tweet. GA knows you're lying.
Still using bad stats to justify why ACA isn't working.
YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT......
Fixing the problems with Obamacare is much more realistic than this terrible Trumpcare plan.
GOP has been honing sabotage so well that it's become espionage.
Actually, you can't just ignore the #CBOSCORE and pretend it doesn't exist. #Greed, not #ACA, are to blame for unaffordable healthcare.
I agree doing nothing is not an option. But you, sir, have never lifted a finger to make it better. Improve it - don't hurt people.
non-partisan CBO says your alternative=23 mil fewer insured, cost increases 4 old folks & folks w/ pre-existing conditions.
You wasted 7 years when your party could have been improving ACA. AHCA is a disaster that will be tossed out. Give up the pitiful narrative.
Lies.
You are going against the will of the people. We will make sure you will not be re-elected.
JUST IN: CBO: 23 million will lose health coverage under GOP ObamaCare repeal http://bill.hill.cm/Yy9FqIL  #trashit
I also find it humorous that the GOP did nothing for 60 years to fix healthcare before 2009.
I'm begging you please to protect those that need it most-Georgia's poor, GA families, GA unemployed, GA preexisting condtn
And btw, we know the GOP torpedoed the ACA .
I keep hearing GOP saying what a wonderful plan they're going to do...where is it? Write it & show it. Haven't seen anything good yet.
What will you say to your constituents when they lose healthcare coverage? "Sorry folks" is not a better plan. #AHCA
You are a liar. Georgia does not have an exchange, why is that?
It's being sabotaged by your own party.
There is much to be done but the AHCA is not an option, that's like shooting someone because they're sick- don't kill it, make it better
If by its own weight you mean the Repubican controlled Congress...
No Senator, Obamacare is collapsing because the Republican controlled congress will not meet it's funding obligations
Increasing the subsidy would do wonders. That would be much better than the catastrophic gutting of the plan you're envisioning.
Looks like your tweet went over like a lead balloon, Senator.  Bless your  heart. You might trying acting, instead of talking. #DoYourJob
GOP s/b working w/Dems to make ACA better.  What you're doing will hurt a lot of your constituents.  Bipartisanship is always better.
you're going to push 23 million people onto the rolls of the uninsured. .Tell me how that's better than PPACA, you hypocrite?
Did you ever see that Three Stooges episode where Curly shoots holes in the bottom of a sinking boat so the water has a way to get out?
Perdue: doing nothing is not an option. But doing something stupid and destructive is even worse.
My policy is so expensive because you and your republican buds didn't expand Medicaid, which would have halved my bill. Thanks a lot, liar
Thank you! NOW....Gators beware! Swamp must be drained! Tell your colleagues!!! Voters are not going to forget anymore!
So the solution is to revise it so people die? You've had 7 yrs to craft a plan. Not like u didn't see a party change coming...
Any failure is due to Republican sabotage. Stop being daft. Jump off the Russia train with your "leaders" and do what's RIGHT.
You must really think we're idiots. You're the ones letting it fail. And then under the guise of "doing something" you pass something worse?
Senator, you have a lot of nerve.
Me? I'm just an old Sixties liberal so you can ignore me.
But these responses are from your constituents.
Seriously, do you think these negative replies to this message are a conspiracy?
Sockpuppets?
Bots?
Get real, sir.
These are real people.
I think u missed the point of 23 million less will be uninsured.I'm sure u will not be impacted. tweets over town halls ?!?
All is going according to Insurance Company, Business and Big $ plan. Tell me you don't know this? Who controls the $ - the people or big $?
you're an embarrassment #gapol
You are so full of crap it defies comprehension. Your tweet is misinformation. ACA is fixable. GOP plan is a hoax. Tax reduction for rich.
Senator, it's doing fine in the states that accepted Medicare expansion. YOUR refusal to fix the ACA is allowing it to fail. So u can do ths
96 of 159 counties only have 1 choice b/c u have voted to erode the HC infrastructure and INS Comps dnt know if AHCA will be 1/2
around next year so they pull out.  Therefore you and the @SenatorIsakson have cause GA to suffer! 2/2
If you didn't waste time trying to repeal ACA 60x and play opposition for 7 years. Instead work to fix ACA, GA would not be in this position
Fix it, don't dump it
Instead of blocking medical coverage 4 your own citizens 4 partisan purposes, why not enact ACA's Medicaid expansion as originally intended?
It was designed very well, actually. It's the GOP that have taken parts out to DELIBERATELY HURT AMERICANS. We see you!
^ #CBOScore on the impact of TrumpCare on premium increases
Cc @sendavidperdue
Your plan?
Seems you have time to attend several special events. Why don't you make time for several town halls so you can talk to a constituents?
You & the GOP have been doing nothing for 8 years. Don't start now. Better yet-RESIGN. You don't serve Georgia, you serve the GOP. #RESIST
But the AHCA does absolutely nothing to make anything better. It just makes it all worse.
So instead of fixing the parts that need to be fixes, house AHCA will kick off 23mill  and massive tax break for wealthy. How does that help
You are a party hack
You can not say "regardless of the CBO score" it does not lie! AHCA is worse than ACA and it's only failing because of you guys!
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @mashable
David Perdue:  "If you're sick, call 911."
The Human Centipede 4: The Trumps w Special Guest Centipedes: Congress
Insurance costs have gone up, but that has always been true. This Trump healthcare bill is HORRIBLE and you have no spine to say no to it.
Liar.
Intentionally gutting our healthcare system and risking lives so that the richest (you, coincidentally) can have tax breaks is not an option
Then work to strengthen Obamacare if you really care about the people your represent in Georgia.  But, that won't happen, will it?
Respectfully, sir. You're wrong.
Obamacare covers more sick people; Guess what? That raises insurance premiums! GOP disaster in DC is causing insurers to flee marketplace.
Maybe speak with confidence about healthcare so insurers aren't afraid to enter markets?
Maybe we should allow those 55-65 to participate in a Medicare buy-in?
Hey maybe talk to @NathanDeal about expanding Medicaid?
Folks we need a grassroots movement to make absolutely certain that Congress had to go on the same exact healthcare coverage that they pass!
If the GOP fully funded the program and expanded Medicaid, Ocare would be great & our PEOPLE would be healthy. #NoAHCA
No. GOP doing nothing is why it's collapsing. #MedicareForAll is the only solution. At least act like u have #CommonSense
You're a bit of a cry baby, David.
No republicans like you are trying to destroy by not trying to fix it. Get off your ass and help the vulnerable
You are a bald-faced liar! ACA is struggling due to consistent GOP sabotage. ACHA is a travesty. Work w Dems to fix ACA or lose your job.
Have you seen the CBO score for the replacement? How about trying to fix the ACA instead of taking coverage away from millions
Pretending people do not exist by kicking them off in order to proclaim victory is not a solution. It's not even humane. #disgrace
Tweeting is easy; speaking in front of your constituents is what you should be doing. Hold an in-person town hall. Do Your job!
CBO score is a disaster. Work w/ Dems. Listen to your constituents. Hold an in-person town hall. We WILL #FlipThe6th #VoteYourOssoff
GOP puts party over country. Was more important to obstruct instead of working for the common good. Embarrassing.
this talking point is false. GOP obstruction is the root cause of underperformance (in the few states where it occurs)
CBO estimates that in states requesting AHCA waivers, premiums for low-income elderly enrollees would go up 800 percent.
David Perdue doesn't care but I live in GA and will make sure everyone here knows it
me too. I write and call frequently
Obamacare is collapsing because you spent the last 7 years crippling it. I know it's a foreign concept for you, but try growing a conscience
drag him, chris
Lies, fix cost David stop the lies
When y'all denied the Medicaid expansion, you did this. Also, 23 million off of insurance with trumpcare. Also people dying.
You and the Republican leadership along with Isakson are doing nothing but sitting on your hands. People are fed up!! Act!
Here's a cheat sheet:
1) expand Medicaid
2) quit destabilizing market by threatening to withhold fed funding 
3) enforce Obamacare taxes
4) go play politics on something else
We spend more on health care with worse results than any other developed country. The solution is #SinglePayer, not #AHCA.
Not collapsing in the states that worked with ACA not against. Stop spreading your half truths!
As opposed to "their own weight". threats not to make payments or enforce the law would be equally harmful to any healthcare system
#Obamacare is NOT collapsing. #Trumpcare will skyrocket premiums for pre-existing conditions. You are going to lose your seat, Senator.
John McCain, an American hero, can say anything he wants to our draft-dodging, Putin-supporting idiot.
I agree he helped destroy my party by bringing us Sarah Palin - the voice of alt-right idiots, but his service should never be questioned .
It's collapsing because we didn't expand Medicaid like we were supposed to.
Maybe GA shouldn't have opted out of all the expansions - just ask CO. Do your job and represent your constituents, we want #SinglePayer
I’m curious to hear how @sendavidperdue squares “families need relief now” with 14 million losing their insurance next year.
#Obamacare is collapsing under its own weight and doing nothing is not an option. #gapol 
Expand Medicaid for all to guarantee coverage and make for-profit companies compete with a basic level of care.
Maybe, but the CBO numbers for the #AHCA are abyssmal. Pls consider #SinglePayer -- a GA voter
Stop sabotaging Obamacare, fix it. #AHCA was, after 7 years, a pathetic attempt. The GOP should be ashamed of their awful bill. #CBOSCORE
Yes doing nothing is working! GOP doesn't own it! Let it fail!!
@AustinScottGA08 @SenatorIsakson No GOP has added extra wait to help bring it down fix it and Impeach or you Gentalman will be headed 
You forget we read the CBO report too. The goal is to improve what exists, not re-create the past.
As I just said to Rep Graham. Fix Obamacare. Work with the Dems. Man up.
So your solution is to give tax breaks to millionaires in order to punish the middle & lower classes and throw 23M off of insurance? #gapol
Solution: make the old, sick people pay more! And remove 23 million from the market! Way to go!!! #CBOSCORE
So instead you're sabotaging it.  History, if it remembers you at all, will not remember you fondly.
Your new "plan" leaves 23m ppl uninsured and prices out pre-existing conditions. Just admit you don't give a shit about the rest of us.
No comment on the CBO score? Also, with your mobster-in-chief threatening not to subsidize...oh, forget it. Like you care 
