Standing w/ President to destroy environment & contaminate people's lives. Dereliction of your sworn duty to protect us.
coal miners need job retraining not your help promoting their black lung disease. Clean energy!
I am SO glad I voted for you!  Keep up the good work.
We are already energy independent. We export energy. Stop lying. You sold out our future for big oil.
Let's discuss this at your town hall in April. What day are you doing it, and where?
We already have a strong plan for Energy Independence. Why do you support Trump's Pollution plan?
You went to Georgia Tech, I know you are not really this dumb. Stop putting party over country (or in this case the Earth)
Georgians want clean air, clean water, and clean energy. Listen to your constituents (30677).
I guess breathing clean air isn't important. I encourage you to read the @AAFANational statement on #climatechange & health
the president is willing to kill Americans in order to fill your pockets. Regulations protect the people.
we equalize our footing in the world by raising, not lowering, standards. Time for China to clean up its act!!
I see you're willing to go down with the Repubs sinking ship. I hope you can hold your breath awhile! You're disgraceful.
My senator, this IS indeed a political agenda to @POTUS. You ride a slippery slope.
I cannot wait to vote against you in 2020.
Me too!
at what cost!?!?
do you hate the children of the US so much that don't care  about killing the only  we have?
push innovations not open corporate greed
What other orders do you have from Koch brothers who intend to destroy America?
natural gas is what is killing coal sir. You should know this.
Next up on the Senators list....reviving the horse drawn carriage industry.
the coal industry is dead, just haven't had a funeral yet
Our future is in clean renewabale energy! The research and scientist are not wrong- but this order IS wrong!
We prioritize protecting our earth  4 future generations.2018 will bring a roll back of the #Regressive party. #upendtheGOP
making pollution great again, right? Can't wait to vote you out!
It's clear you prioritize the coal industry over GA when Southern Minerals is your 8th largest donor at $36,700
Santa will put coal in your stocking if you don't host a #townhall.
But not one program to retrain people for actual 21st century jobs that would help us and the planet!
Also, the KXL only provides like 36 permanent jobs to Americans and is NOT built with American Steel! SAD!
we need creative problem solving & NEW jobs in sustainable energy. That's our future. Not reviving dead industry.
Not a single comment supports this move. Not. A. Single. One. Listen to you constituents. This is not what we want.
coal is dead. Stop lining your pockets while sacrificing our futures! Solar, Hydro, Nuke are the future! BE SMART PLZ
I'm sure you meant to write "@POTUS prioritizes polluting & helping his cronies rape the " #BlessYourBoughtHeart
this is embarrassing
we want to move forward. #coalisdead #solarenergy #windpower #ByeBye
As usual, u have no idea what ur constituents want because U DON'T LISTEN TO US! We want clean air, water, & u out of office
#CleanPower =/= more coal.  Coal is dirty and bad for the environment. Failing on every level, bro.
- I don't think Clean Power Plan and coal have ever been synonymous #blacklungdisease #sellout #cantwaitforelections #resist
if you had the courage to hold a town hall, you would know your constituents are AGAINST this attack on environment. Sad!
Shame on you for supporting dirty energy and unhealthy children. And coal jobs are leaving due to competition.
oh Jesus you bozos @SenatorIsakson you too
you are shameless. Pointless to even try to reason with you. Can't wait until you're gone and a real future for GA. Sad
that statement is laughable - only thing being prioritized is POTUS agenda through exec orders he doesn't understand
Obama didn't kill the coal industry, the lack of demand and its OWNERS did. Solar & wind are our FUTURE. Wise UP.
Tjis statement is an alternative fact! Big coprporstons and big money matter, not your constituents or the planet!
you're making a huge mistake. Ask your grandchildren about science. Clearly you're in over your head.
No, @POTUS  sacrifices health of citizens with his impossible promises. Coal jobs aren't coming back!
Renewable energy is the way to go! Not old fossils like the two of you.
looking forward to either you or Isakson to vote for Georgia over Republican agenda.
Can you elaborate on what Obama's "political agenda" was regarding #cleanpowerplan?
You're both truly daft.
Look at these responses, Senator. You are not representing the people who voted for you -- or human well being at all
When our future generations are dying remember this day you chose money over health
energy independence would be going to alternative sources. It would be being #1 in the world in that regard.
Oh come on. How exactly is clean air, water, and energy a political agenda? I'd love to know. #climatechage
I can't believe you think polluting our air is a good thing? Is this real life?
Climate change isn't politics... It's science.
Better start composing the answer to your grandchildren's ?s when they ask why it hurts to breathe and there's no water.
the longer you wait to face what you're resisting, the more difficult it is to face. We understand you're new. We'll wait.
why did you vote away your constituents private information senator?
David, I understand you believe yourself to be Christian. Pretty sure Jesus didn't value business over people. Shame on you.
Invest in Green Technology.  That'll provide jobs, new skills AND be good for the environment. #climatechange
great! Not a lot of jobs, and I'm sure you'll continue to dismantle their healthcare too! 
so how much are you getting paid to pollute the air, water, & environment? Good Lord
The GOP has become as dangerous for the environment as CO2. How can you look your grandchildren in the eye?
who cares about clean air or a thriving environment anyway, right? We just have to live & breath ... Not important
I don't want my future children to have to deal with the damage ur doing to our earth b/c u played partisan politics
you mean he prioritizes oil/energy corporations over the environment and people who need clean air and water
How much is that going to your pockets? Let's see how many in GA get sick and where we go for health care.  PATHETIC
No, he prioritizes corporations over constituents, as do you.
Energy independence, you bought & sold by the fossil fuel industry pathetic excuse for a senator, is not using fossil
Who needs clean air anyway?
OMG do you not understand that we are killing the planet? I am thoroughly disgusted and can't WAIT to vote you out.
and you know ALL about political agendas, don't you?
and why not?  After all, we'll be long gone when the planet implodes. If
My uncle is dying from cancer, after 30+ yrs in mines. Give people better job options. Fossil fuels kill us & the 
What is wrong with you! You're the villain! Can you really not see that!
: POTUS prioritizes nothing over himself.
by using Russian steal
Every Georgian I have ever met likes clean air and water
Seriously are you guys trying to be the most unpopular admin since Nixon?
more job growth in solar, wind than fossil fuel. Feeding off dead dinosaurs is death for us all. Profits over People
What a ignorant agenda. Don't act like this is good for Georgia.
political agenda?  Do you proofread this stuff or just let your staff run wild with the rhetoric?!  You disgust me.
You must think American people are stupid & don't know what is going on. Oil from pipeline won't stay here. #NoDAPL
Very sad day for America! #NoDAPL
Senator how much were you paid to look otherway? #PerdueFail #EnergyFail #TrumpFail
Is something wrong with you?  You actually put this set of words together and feel good about it.  My God man!
Why don't care about American people having clean air & water?
#TrumpFail #PerdueFail #EnergyFail
Instead of killing the coal industry, you've decided to kill its workers with less inspections?
What the hell were you thinking? Obviously you don't care about clean air & water
#TrumpFail
#PerdueFail
#EnergyFail

Pollute air&water and deregulate banks, oil-igarchs, guns. Please explain how this helps because I just don't see it.
do you have any idea of how many of your constituents disagree with how you are representing them! I can't wait for 2020!
Keystone pipeline is bringing exactly 35 jobs. How many do you think dying coal mines will provide?
Workers are also American people that would clean air and water.  GOP is reckless with our natural resources.
What the hell were you thinking? Obviously you don't care about clean energy #TrumpFail #PerdueFail #EnergyFail
Gas lines LEAK. ALWAYS. You are destroying our water, air & climate so YOU & POTUS can GET RICH. DISGUSTING.
What the hell were you thinking? Obviously you don't care about clean water #TrumpFail #PerdueFail #EnergyFail
That is actually the EXACT OPPOSITE of what he is doing. LIKE prioritizing the DOA coal industry that KILLS US ALL.
not only is renewable energy better for our environment ITS BETTER FOR OUR ECONOMY! Better jobs for a better planet!
This is truly great news for GA POWER as clean coal fires the majority of electricity generated in GA
What the hell were you thinking? Obviously you don't care about clean air & water #TrumpFail #PerdueFail #EnergyFail
The renewable energy job sector is growing 12x faster than any other labor market and can power the entire country!
Clean energy = independence + jobs + breathable air + drinkable water You couldn't be more out of touch. #sellout
Wow! Can't wait to breathe in soot, toxic heavy metals and mercury! Good job Senator! 
Create a win/win for all and invest jobs in natural energy. Or is no one lining your pockets from that sector?
Coal isn't coming back. Why are you promoting this lie? Shame on you!
no, he prioritized lining his and cronies' pockets. Shame on you for approving!
you won't get my vote with this outdated thinking that people want more jobs for a fuel source that is polluting! 
so you want to kill the world our children and grandchildren will inherit! You all suck!! #resist
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS CLIMATE CHANGE IS NOT A POLITICAL AGENDA.
We should be investing in cleaner water/air & renewable energy, not rolling back #climatechange.
I can only imagine how long it will take to undo the damage this administration is doing to our country & our planet.
While the rest of the world moves forward to renewable energy, you take the USA back to acid rain & rivers on fire, @sendavidperdue @POTUS
It is better to reduce polluting energy sources, not increase them.  Science is your friend!
wld love to discuss this in a town hall. Oh, rt. U don't do those.
coal companies left miners no pension, no healthcare/moved to more profitable energy. Not honest brokers/u know it. 
Why would you want to send coal miners back to work in the mines if you could re-train them to work in clean energy?
better invest in disposable mask companies I guess. Rip clean air/water
repealing the #cleanpoweract will actually make us MORE energy dependent, not less. Clear financial conflicts here
Well David literally hold your breath & hoard water.  Most of us prefer Clean air & water.  #FlipGASenate #voteyourossoff
Political agendas? Pot meet kettle.
Clean power does not include pollution of coal. #thinkgreen
. @POTUS prioritizes $  for self over energy. Move forward w/ clean energy, not backwards. Hold a town hall #DoYourJob
Jesus didn't you run a corporation? You do understand nat gas is cheaper right?? Stop pandering
It is wrong to try to repackage this EO as anything but polluting and a lack of imagination.
Coal is on it's way out and the clean power plan creates more jobs in new places, it isn't the 1950s, #oldpeoplesuck
Just so's you'll know, hon, this oldish person has been fighting for progressive values for decades. Maybe #CravenPoliticalHacksSuck
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS Sorry, but it is the #gopHypocrisy that puts party over country. Evident with every word you speak.
