Rate is high because they have so many ways to lower it. We need to go back to the old higher tax codes for the wealthy so America grows.
I don't believe anything you say
Do your research! We're one of the least taxed, and with all the loopholes corporations don't even pay taxes! Also, tax churches!
Senator, I suggest you present an amendment when it gets into the Senate to keep the state income tax deduction.
You are not truthful.  Absolutely lying to American citizens, worse part is you know it! Shame on you Senator
Total and complete bs Perdue.  You're as bad as the potus.  Stop lying!
Fairtax is only solution! Time for D.C. To wise up. It has to be revenue neutral; President plan is not!
Last, liar, pants on fire! The REAL rate is about 24%. We're the top competitor w/china in the world.  Tax cuts for the rich is what u want
SMH at the number of people who don't understand taxes are an expense to a business. Expenses that are passed on to consumers.
Dolt. Corps pay very low EFFECTIVE tax rates. They go overseas b/c labor costs to keep as much as possible in their pockets.
If you don't want to lose the Senate, you, and other like-minded Repubs, had better take of your college ties and get things done, and now.
Not rocket science! Lower their tax and they will come back! Where are the jobs if businesses aren't here! Left is embarrassing!
Actually top corp rate as a single criterion does not influence an international in placing its business.  its the rate in bal with services
Senator, we have to pay for that $700b defense spending increase somehow.
And his out dated wall, if they ever build it since #Trump hasn't read #TheArtOfTheDeal so America will be paying for that too...
Sir, you would have much more credibility if you talked about EFFECTIVE tax rates, and not statutory tax rates.
With credits and deductions, the average corporation pays a lower percentage than my husband I do.
Then why did they leave the US? If they paid less, they wouldn't have taken off from Obozo's harsh levies! Wake up!
#GOPLies.
PS and Americans companies have the HIGHEST Profits in the world right now. 

your naive enough to think they wont just pocket the tax break
@WSJ @FT @CNNMoney @MikeBloomberg Sen David Perdue says #US has "highest corporate tax rate in the world" !!!  ; Glo
I guess that Perdue is not informed enough about taxes to know how many loopholes corporations use to drastically lower tax %.
Lies!!! Greed makes them do business overseas!
That is a LIE!  With all of the loopholes most corporations pay very little, if any, taxes!
Just plain not true.
Then why is it starting at 20%?  Start or stay at 15%.
As a co-sponsor of the FairTax you already have what you need for tax reform. Corp rate = 0%. Lowest in the world.
Just saw a review of GOP tax reform on MJ: big tax cuts 4 business & $0 for individuals. GOP are counting on Americans 2b too stupid 2 know
Do the bipartisan shuffle and pass something besides gas.
Do you think we are all stupid? You are ignoring the massive deductions they get that the middle class doesn't. Liars, scoundrels $ thieves!
It was high so that businesses would leave America!
Its disrespectful to the flag to evade taxes that pay for our veterans and military. How dare they? Take away their limited liability.
We pray for you everyday.
Hate this hatred in the world, if all this ends, then terrorism will end in the world.
NOT TRUE, fake BS propagated by the Russians
@GOP #taxreform is a CON. wealthy get Billion$Medicare guttedgram moves home & our 401Ks are taxed
Again, not true. Meet with your constituents!
Corporations do not pay taxes, the collect more from the poeple of Government. @FairTaxOfficial @fairtaxnation #fairtax
Technically true, though as usual you are spinning reality to fit a non-problem. See, for instance: http://www.npr.org/2017/08/07/541797699/fact-check-does-the-u-s-have-the-highest-corporate-tax-rate-in-the-world … #resist
Welfare for billionaires is the way.
Not buying it!
#Bailouts
#Subsidies
NOOOOOO thanks. I wouldnt trust @GOP to make those kinds of decisions
Just do it stop talk get something done
Great patriots do business overseas??? Really??? Patriots hire illegals??? What??? Oh no surely not!! You are not trustworthy!

Any justifications for dismissing the $1.5 trillion cost of the GOP tax reform plan defy both evidence and logic: http://bit.ly/2fv1fJm  

$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.
Bullshit! US Corporations do not pay their fair share! http://www.npr.org/2017/08/07/541797699/fact-check-does-the-u-s-have-the-highest-corporate-tax-rate-in-the-world …
Straight up BS
So you give them immense tax cuts all so the CEOs can have extra $$ to spend on their 10th vacay home or 6th Mercedes? All while screwing MC
No, so they can spend it on @GOP campaign contributions. Priming the pump and completing the circle of greed.
piss off with your sending American jobs overseas...when are you up for re-election?
What investment of yours will benefit?
We don’t have the highest tax rate in the world by a long stretch. Cut it out.
Start by looking into @potus crime businesses, most of which are conducted OVERSEAS! #HypocriteGOP #TrumpRussia #MadeInChina 
Ok but what is the effective tax rate after deductions? This is why some corporations pay zero taxes. Unfair to the rest of us!
The NET US Corporate Tax rate is 1/2 the statutory rate, and comparable to other countries. 
Let's deal with facts
Does it really matter to u that corporations (multi million dollar ones) pay a lower tax rate than individual Americans?
How can you legitimately say that you care about the average American in that case?
big CO & corporations hide profits in tax evasions haven: Barbados, Bahamas and others. These millions should be taxable IN the gov. coffers
Any guarantee they'll use corporate tax cuts to create jobs? No! You want us to trust those who caused the '08 crisis? I don't think so!
Remember when you had years to figure out a fix for the ACA and you can’t even get it done in 2017? No tax cut until you fix heath care.
Wow, after reading many replies here. Gotta say... People aren't as dumb as the @GOP thinks!
These companies should be punished severely just by asking to go overseas to absorb unemployment of foreign country, and cheap labor.
Wish you were as concerned with Puerto Rico as you are your warped tax scheme.
You mean the only "American citizens" who don't pay Federal income tax?
The Graham-cassidy version of tax relief--the rich profit and the workers pay.
Yeah and the Republican answer is to fuck over the middle class so the 1% can benefit! Way to go throw the middle class under a bus!
@SenateGOP  Fake news, not evdn close to highest
Fuck the middle class for trumpie and the boys tax break!! Mid terms coming!!!! 
Kill epa fees and penalties  too!! Let's make America competitive again!
Not true after loopholes.

American companies make a lot of  money even with high tax rate so going overseas is not a common sense, it's greed and anti American.
If GOP wants to let STATES decide, remove marijuana from FDA schedule.
Why do you  push this LIE? You keep pedaling the STATUTORY rate which is pretty on par with the world.The EFFECTIVE rate is MUCH lower
This is a lie. It's about the same and there are so many loopholes they never pay full amount
The money will go straight to the top execs and shareholders. Trickle down DOESN'T work. Reagan and state of Kansas tried and failed.
Tie the tax break to actual jobs, company growth and profit-sharing. No results, tax penalty on top of higher rate. Hold them responsible!
#ZeroTax30K
According to your voting record, interests include taxing the middle class while giving tax cuts to the wealthy.  http://politicsthatwork.com/voting-record/David-Perdue-412666 …
Let's look at the death tax for the #middleclass. Hum we are not text if under 2 million death inheritance.  Now the rich that inherited too
Investment income which was called "unearned income" under Reagan was taxed at 70%. "Carried interest forward" puts it at 15% now! You LIE!
Then let them leave. Don't let them back in
Liar
You're lying.
THE RICH GETTER RICH plan does not help the average Americans. Corporations are not going to hire more employees. Trickle down economics 

Quite the opposite @realdonaldtrump - #TrumpTaxScam rewards companies leaving the U.S.
Get rid of the filibuster rule and you can change a lot of things for the better, or don't change it and just continue being worthless
You people make me sick! I can only hope that the people see through your BS and vote every one of you corrupt liars out of office.
.@sendavidperdue @SenateGOP Not the truth.
The plan would eliminate taxes on the foreign profits of U.S. corporations, giving them an incentive to move more jobs and profits offshore.
Agreed! 15% guarantees that not 20%! Get it?
It ain't high enough. 90% is about right.
The Republican Facist Nazi Party is a corrupt organization legally bribed against the people of the USA.
Has anyone given one iota of thought about the "Fair Tax"?
Y'all need to quit lying about this and just admit what you're actually doing.
Lie. Look at the EFFECTIVE tax rates-- what corporations actually pay after all the loopholes.
Mr. Senator-where do you stand on aid to PR? Will you stand w/ Sen. McCain to suspend Jones Act to get aid?
LIAR
You may want to check your facts. US Corp rate not worlds highest
@sendavidperdue dropping taxes on middle class is imperative. The rich education enough to & be liquid. They won't hurt but the rest will!
Not True David Purdue, but you already knew this. Japan has highest Corp Tax Rates.
I'm stepping all in that  your dropping.  Your corporate cronies need to pay their taxes.  Then maybe you would have to care for veterans
U must think we r stupid! Huge breaks & incentives given to big Corp like Wal-Mart, they pay almost 0 taxes!!
Senator Perdue ur a liar.  Corporations don't pay the amount! The law says 38.9% max, but no corporation actually pays that. LIAR!!!
You're such a sellout. There is this concept called The Greater Good. Look in to it.
How ya gonna pay for this?  Plan is half-baked if no details on how you will finance the cuts.  Again Rs not ready.
With all due respect sir, we just want all of you in DC to be productive & prove you are worth a fraction of your salary & luxury benefits!!!
How about we get everyone AFFORDABLE healthcare first? My family can never get ahead for 1 reason...MEDICAL BILLS!
#SinglePayer
That is bullshit and u know it.  Its high but not the highest.  You've been hanging w Kudoow too much.  Might be better off w constituents
Misleading the People again-have decided no one can be this dishonest, I think you simply do not research the information. People will help!
Why do you like being deceptive?
So, why are so many big American corporations PAYING NO TAX AT ALL?
Keep talking out of your ass to justify giving tax breaks to the rich. Guess what. Corporations don't vote. We do. #Bye
Dont allow drilling on our gorgeous American soil instead fund projects that take us off fossil fuel &create more jobs here
What does mergers and acquisitions have to do with jobs?
No NOL carrybacks, only carry forwards.  NOL to be realized if and when the organization liquidates.  Limit gifts,Travel and Entertainment.
Must follow POTUS' plan, no special % allowed.
The GOP is hilarous. Flailing around for the right sound bite so it'll seem like you give a hoot about normal people.
After deductions/credits/loss carry forwards etc, US corps pay 18%-21%. On par with the rest of the world. On the lower end actually.
Source: I WORK IN CORPORATE TAX. Please stop perpetuating this myth.
Not true...look it up.
US tax deductions/ credits a businesses' total tax liability. Companies end up payingthan the statutory rate of other countries.#StopLying
Small business here. No. This is false. 

RAISE THE TAX RATE on these huge corporations that get nonstop benefits & welfare for the rich

Thread: Big Six tax plan DEFINITELY raises taxes for some moderate-income people & possibly many more depending on details. Here's proof…
Nope - you are wrong.  In fact, US companies are actually on par with other nations, thanks to deductions and credits.
Seem I remember campaign promises of 15%.    So was that a lie?
I can't believe they're now thinking of 20% for corporate.  Smarten up, #GOP!
That's a lie.
Maybe that would be true if they didn't benefit from all sorts of loopholes.
Please continue to support my President. 

Effective corp tax rate with deductions only 18%. Corp revenues only 2.2% of GDP. STOP LYING. #TrumpTaxScam
David, how many Puerto Rican constituents do you Have? Do you know where PR is at? What's happening?
Perdue: "its like, an island, in a, ummm, really big, big ocean.  @realDonaldTrump told me so. I do whatever he wants."
All taxes should b cut...including the wealthy. They make the economy grow. This bill sounds like the #Dems wrote the part abt the wealthy.

Another misstatement. Stop lying senator
Please start talking about  EFFECTIVE Tax Rate. Corporations aren't paying anywhere near the rates you mention. WE AREN'T STUPID
What %  did coke pay? What about Home Depot? You think we don't read or we're stupid. What kind of tax breaks for movie bus? #DoYourJob
You're a hapless tool of the plutocracy.
Do u really think that after 30 yrs of "trickle down" we plebeians don't know the difference between marginal and effective rates? #WeSeeYou
Liar! Not highest in world and middle class workers carry the burden, not corporations.
Is this the limit on your blind fealty to Trump? Misogyny, racism, sexual assault, incompetence are ok with you. Not passing this isn't.
We are watching you closely.  You Rep more than just the top 1%. Any business will tell you Tax break without corresponding revenue = Broke
Misleading, as you know, our tax loopholes mean corporations usually pay far less tax then they do in other countries.
Bottom line: corporations shld b required 2 publish their taxes! They're public companies! All members of 3 branches of USA govt 2! $ paid!
After loopholes they pay about the same
Oh poor billionaires, desperately trying to protect their accumulated wealth. Cry me a river. We didn't elect them.
What a lie!
Actually 2nd highest, but truth has never mattered much to you or your party.
as one of your constituents I can tell you This Tweet = You're representing corporations not us. #Resign #yousuck
MORE important is allowg hard workg  Americans keep as much of their paycheck in their pockets so we can help grow the economy!
Dems always lie/break promises ie O'care. Wilson/Dems promised that the tax rate on incomes wld never exceed 3% of adjusted gross income.
Make business tax rate 12% and businesses everywhere will flock to the US.
You or anyone from @gop talking about tax breaks for wealthy while @SecPriceMD @EPAScottPruitt @stevenmnuchin1 are swindling us RICH.
Could y'all be any more hypocritical or tone def?
Why don't you first ask your wealthy employers to pay their back taxes?
Spare us your bull calls to save the poor corporate billionaires. We're not buying the  you're selling, so just stop posting about it!

Out of medication!
Keep up the good work for America
Your nothing But A, freeloader.. Pass that on.. #factsonly
Yet still The wealthy want More.. #HellNO and you all deserve to be fired immediately.. You've gorged yourself with enough of our Tax $$
OMG ..HOW greedy Can You all be... The middle class are on the steps of the poor house.. The poor are already sleeping on park benches..
That sounds great. Go away now and let the grownups be empathic.

Where did you learn your degree in economic?
And how did you planing to do that. Cutting taxes for the rich and corporations and squeeze the poor and middle class?
Highest Statutory rate. All the facts. GE rarely pays any
You don't give a damd, let's see @realDonaldTrump a d your tax returns and how much you paid then we Can talk
According to the tax foundation it has the 3rd highest. Not quite as snappy a sound bite though.
Agree but more important issue is Middle Class jobs, decreased bureaucracy, ending illegal immigration and anchor babies. Reps are absent!!!
Do it then, lower tax rates and reform for all. Our patience is running thin out here
