Why are you deleting your tweets?
Rough draft of his spam message
Thanks for sharing. Perdue is spreading misinformation. Shameless. ACA won't collapse unless Trump & his flunkies like Perdue sabotage it.
OMG. You have no idea what you are doing to the people of Georgia.

Your voting record shows nothing but payback to your big money donors.
That's all he is... bought and paid for by special outside interests.
But don't forget... he ran as Senator Cowboy Outsider.  Can we request a refund for product not matching description?
How about a replacement instead? One with a heart, brains, and who doesn't need daily TV appearances to stroke his ego.
Once again congress fails to do its job! Politics as usual. Drain congress and you'll drain the swamp. The USA can't afford any healthcare
I asked you not to vote for this.  The majority of your constituents don't want it. So I will devote myself to prevent your re-election.
Me too!
Watch out at next election. Ppl will remember you took their healthcare,threw grandma out of nursing home or killed their child with cancer!
what are YOU proposing for my child who has cystic fibrosis which is a genetic life shortening disease? what you would tell my child?
Why must you fix the ACA on the the backs of the disabled? No preexisting conditions. No caps. No cuts.
Ridiculous, you are nothing but a party line stooge, and elitist. #KillTheBill
Your statement makes out seem like you're not going to fully repeal ocare.  We don't want your help picking a health insure plan.
30 pieces of silver for you! Jesus and I talk, more than you'd think, and he assured me it was what you wanted.  Also, He said stop calling.
Have a conscience, man!
You can issue a statement, but cannot face those who elected you, you are a rubber stamp for @POTUS and have no regard for Georgia voters
How many constituents actually called you today in FAVOR of the GOP bill??? I bet those weren't the scared folks tying up the line earlier.
You don't even know what bill you're proceeding on. You guys are being total irresponsible jerks.
I'm not. It's heartless & will rip healthcare away from millions in Georgia. The ACA was never fully implemented in GA and that's your fault
You're going to hurt people with this thing and we, your constituents, will remember.
Perdue crawl into the hole u came. You don't care about your constituents!
Answer one question, Senator: how can every American get the same level of care you do, and affordably? It's the only acceptable path.
Your days are numbered unless you stand up and do something good for the American people. You serve your constituents, not your donors.
This is a sham! Go back to regular order and send this bill to committee. Present bill is cover 4tax cuts &subsidies 4 ins comp and wealthy.
Support medicare for all and don't stop until all of your constituents have comprehensive healthcare.
Don worry, I'm sure no one you love will die because they don't have insurance, but people I love will. I won't forget your vote.
I just read your demagogic and completely misleading and false fb post. I know you're not stupid doc you must be just plain dishonest.
Healthcare CEO's should NOT be pulling down $41 Million dollar annual salaries!  This is obscene!  No gifts to these special interests!
Please. I need my healthcare. I'm getting physically ill knowing that you are a senator representing my state.
"Skinny Repeal" is not repeal.  Eliminate Obamacare completely and build a new law from scratch.
Dont repeal & replace! DO YOUR JOB! FIX ACA! Work w/ Democrats, hold public hearings, know what you're voting on, serve Georgians not Trump!
Honestly, all that matters is acting like adults and coming up with relative consensus through compromise.
I'm glad I will have the chance to vote you out of office. I can't support someone who will devastate healthcare for our most vulnerable.
Each of the GOP Senate healthcare bills will cause misery and devastation for millions with preexisting conditions. DO YOU GIVE A CRAP?
I hope someone is actually reading these responses to you. 15% of Americans support the trash your selling. Why don't you listen?
Repeal, but don't replace, Obamacare. The gov't needs to STAY out of our healthcare.
And I'm glad your full time in the Senate is nearly finished so we can work on improving care of our state's needs you sycophant.
I know there's no convincing you to deviate from party, but want to let you know yet another constituent disagrees with you. Protect ACA
I hope this vote ends your political career
You are such a liar. You don't care about  anyone but yourself. Sorry to hear that town hall meetings are  "not your "style"!
Keep backing that traitor in the WH. Sycophants like yourself make me want to puke. Yes, I'm a lifelong Georgian!!
#Resist
#GOPmakesmesick
I think your stance on O-Care is incredibly cynical and disengenuous - and I'm one of your constituents by the way.
Too bad it didn't start with hearings. All that standard order stuff. Maybe government knows best after all? You send mixed messages.
There is no current proposition that improves HC. It's a tax break for $ on the backs of the poor.
History is gonna shit all over you. Not that you care. You've got yours.
How many Georgians did you let down today by voting to move forward on taking away health care from sick people?
If you really cared about your constituent she would listen to them. I've contacted you repeatedly with no response. You are not listening
Thanks for still not carrying about women, poor people and people over 50
How many Georgians will be left without any means for healthcare?  You work for us!
#voteoutperdue2020
If you really were trying to improve it, I'd be happy. Instead GOP just trumpets repeal and replace but doesn't care about lives only $$
If the ACA is collapsing it is because of what the GOP (you) has done to hamstring it. You don't want a discussion.
It must be a great relief to finally debate a bill with no text.
Shame on you @Sendavidperdue
First show FACTs as to why you assert failings of ACA.
Does this mean the Senate will let the Democrats write the bill?  Republicans don't know or care anything about healthcare. You are vultures
Stripping healthcare from the poor, the young, the infirm is the most disgraceful thing you could do. Your constituents expect more.
Lying carpetbagging partisan hack.
You are a GOPee-pee
My sp needs son depends on a Medicaid waiver. Waiver funds are not mandated. Any big cuts will slash waivers. Pls consider this great harm!!
Why are you voting to strip healthcare from the people of georgia to pay for tax cuts in NYC and CA?
Senate must get this done! Compromise is not a bad word. Some of your colleagues think it is bad - all or nothing!
Coward. Your constituents don’t want this.
Be sure to IMPROVE it rather than gut it. Americans are counting on you.
You trot around GA pretending to be the champion of rural folks. Now you're voting to strip funding of their hospitals. You're a fraud.
You, sir, are no Christian. You are a hypocritical and heartless sycophant who was bought and paid for by special interests.
You are awful and DO NOT represent me.
Georgians will lose big time. Vote no for your constiuents on any bill that includes cuts to medicaid and tax breaks for the rich.
You are not a Christian, Senator. You have blood on your hands.
Georgia families deserve access to affordable coverage & transparency about impact on our future medical & #mentalhealth care #Docs4Coverage
"Ways to improve healthcare?" You are a liar and a bad one, at that. No worries. We'll ensure you don't have a job in Congress come 2020.
All u want is a tax break for the wealthy. U don't give a damn about the lives of Americans. Will work tirelessly to #VoteOutPerdue2020
REPEAL NOW!!!  Gwinnette County residents want it gone. Force DNC to join Replace later.
Going behind closed doors to come up with the plan the GOP did is hardly "bipartisan"..
26% decline in uninsured, 1.7 million people helped with Medicaid, 426,000 receive over $290 per month help for premiums. Yeah, you lie.
Oh, that's just your state, #Georgia. Stop the fear mongering. So far your ideas will cause 1,000,000+ more uninsured in your state.
Thank you @sendavidperdue! It has been a long time coming. Many that condemn you now will thank you (quietly) in the end.
@VP you have a preview of what Republican HealthCare solutions brought Indiana under Pence! declared Statewide public health EMERGENCY 2015!
I will never ever vote for you.
Here is one confirmed  NO vote in 2018! politicized Health Care DID NOT LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE! SICKENING
@sendavidperdue The latest is Putin is arming the Taliban. The only people Trump likes are those who are blackmailing him.

Do you even care how you look to your constituents when you do something like this? No? Only your big donors matter! You're a waste of skin.
@sendavidperdue You should check out what Senator Collins and Murkowski do for their constituents on a daily basis. You do nothing.
@sendavidperdue You lack the courage to say anything that was not the party line
2018 is coming Georgians! Time to show him we don't appreciate his carelessness.
Says the coward who will only do town hall meetings via telephone.  #ChangeTheCongress
@sendavidperdue If you really want to help Georgians you would get rid of Rubio's amendment to Obamacare
@sendavidperdue: speaking of health care, Tom Price should be investigated for insider trading #crookedparty
It's NOT a "DEBATE". OBAMACARE had MONTHS of debate. THIS is a railroading vote-a-rama & we ALL KNOW IT. You are DISGUSTING.
@sendavidperdue: You love Trump so much that you won't even speak against his desire to get rid of Sessions so he can get rid of Mueller
@sendavidperdue: You are the Republican spin machine. You haven't put forth even one idea to help Georgians.
How many calls have you received opposing this? Post the true numbers.
The question has been asked of him repeatedly. He refuses.
I read your statement. AGAIN you make a claim that the ACA is collapsing without providing evidence. Surely you know how it cite sources.
Last night on the Senate floor you said millions of GAs were uninsured because they didn't qualify for ACA or medical.  You blamed ACA 1/
Your another $$$ hungry interested in you alone. But GA won't forget. Your OUT!!!!
read your replies/comments. It's not about what you want; it's about the needs of the constituency your represent. #resign
Some things I just don't understand; what have you people been doing for the last couple of months??
I will make a point of seeing you voted out of office. Georgia deserves better.
your vote today was simply shameful!
2. I have great health coverage and so do YOU. What about people with lower incomes? Pre-existing conditions? Who live in middle and S. GA??
This story is not true but it was happening b4 ACA
You are as much a child as Trump. You don't listen! Georgians need health care. You have betrayed us but we will remember this when we vote.
1. GOP had 7 years - what is the plan? IS there a plan?  And why do you never hold town halls in metro Atlanta? This constituent very sad.
Senator Cowboy-Outsider, feel free to represent your constituents' interests instead of your wallet for once & vote no. This fixes nothing.
You voted to move forward with a repeal of the improvements we have already made. You're a liar, and lives are at stake.
What are you debating on? There isn't a bill! McCain even called it a shell of a bill! 

This is irresponsible and dangerous to Georgians
You suck.
Still waiting for metro Atlanta town hall! Voters in 30127 wanting to voice our concerns! #meetinATL
And 30338 and . . .
How do you sleep at night?
Literally, a million Georgians depend on affordable healthcare and you want to take that away from them? Shame on you
It's good to hear you're happy. I'll let the 680,000 Georgians who will lose insurance know you're glad.
You are horrible and don't give a damn about Georgians.
I'm glad people are learning how terrible you are.
So @sendavidperdue tell us what did you get for your vote? Clearly Georgians I talk w/ daily don't want this! #lockstep
Repeal without replacement leaves millions uncovered. Thats' improvement? Party over the people undermines us all.
15 million uninsured and 20% premium increase is an improvement? Party over people ruins us all.
Thank You Senator!  Keep it Moving Forward, DON'T STOP!  Great Job!
Pls take care of Georgians, Senator. Tax cuts for (b)millionaires are not what we need to prosper.
Mr. Senator, change your handle to DeplorableDavid to fit in better! Keep up the good work!
Really? Do you even know what you will be debating?
Don't think we'll be seeing you break that 2 term promise. 2020 #Guilty50
Agreed
keep whipping gop on taking control of healthcare debate, agenda and legislation.
Can't you feel the love!
Only if he bothered to read the responses. But that would be like holding a town hall. When your party engages in dirty tricks to hold 1/
onto power and you are in pockets of big donors, you don't have to care. Ask yourself why else he would vote for such an unpopular bill? 2/
So you have been holding out until now to hit us with your incredible plan?
Can't wait to vote you out.
#VoteOutPerdue2020
How can you actively participate in the debate if you won't take the time to listen to your constituents wants and needs?
Strange how he keeps telling us government doesn't know best while happy to have the public excluded from the process.
This was a trash vote and you, sir, and all your GOP colleagues, disgraced the Senate today. #VoteThemOut
50 minutes doesn't seem long enough to debate anything @sendavidperdue  DEMOCRATS were willing to reform healthcare but you shut them out
Your constituents will remember the GOP vote in 2018 & 2020.
Georgians will remember.
Is this going to be an actual debate. Or just more of the GOP in a private room circle jerk
Why did you delete this earlier tweet?
Was it because it sounded like you were admitting that the Republican healthcare bill will take away healthcare from millions?
You are an awful, amoral, disingenuous fake Christian, who is harming millions of people in the name of "improvement."
Is the first attempt in eight years?
I am appalled that you would go against the will of your constituents in this manner. This will not end well for us, or for you.
Ahem.

David Perdoodoo.
Unlike other senators who opposed & at least got some concessions for their state, you were a meaningless rubber stamp, a 45 sycophant
Keep your "statements" & fake "Christian values" to yourself & enjoy your 30 pieces of silver from the Kochs
If you really wanted to improve health care, you'd amend the ACA and regulate for-profit insurance co's. But then you wouldn't get your $$$.
You guys a had 7+ yrs to debate but stood there and did nothing! You want to debate about killing Americans and taking our RIGHTS away?!?
You're an embarrassment to the office you hold.
Can't wait to help vote you out. You have NO idea how strong the opposition is to repeal because you were too cowardly to do open meetings.
I'm with u! #VoteOutPerdue2020
You are attempting to strip coverage from poor, elderly, children, vets. Your words are meaningless & your intent is to harm.
And you pray about as much as my dog...
Can't argue with that 
I'm not glad, I'm disgusted that you would step millions of their health care to show your hated for Obama. #YouDontSpeakForMe
@gop has been debating it & obstructing real efforts to improve aca for 7 yrs. The best u came up with is a cruel joke, a tax break for rich
Can't wait to help vote you out of office.
You voted against us today. SHAME
Are you going to stop being a coward? You going to include women in the debate this time? Democrats (gasp)? Listen to your constituents!
It's pathetic that you are glad about something that will destroy the lives of so many... I'm sure your wealthy donors are happy with you.
People.
Will.
Die.
I might need a heart transplant.
I'm on Medicaid.
I'm scared.
Yes! It's time to #RepealObamacare
The time to start was years ago.  GOP is derelict in its duties.
Nobody wants this. Rural Georgia blood is on your hands.
Resign
