But you don't answer emails.
you need to say you are a lobbyist. I bet he'll get back to you asap
Most days I can't get that far - busy signal or a full vm box. Took 7 tries to get a human today! Not unusual.
doesn't surprise me. These people don't give a damn what we think.
They DO care about re-election. Time to oust both Isakson AND Perdue!
Isakson likely won't finish his term for health reasons. He has a chance to do right thing with no repercussions.
Apparently my calls weren't headed. But then I can't afford to donate $20,800 like @BetsyDeVos
anything next time!
YES to Davos & Sessions. We need tough, new ideas - the reason Trump won. Give him a chance to MAGA.
DeVos did not have a clue what IDEA is. You want someone overseeing edu that is not aware of most basic disability rights?

this does not outweigh myriad of other issues: no ed degree, no ed experience, no classroom experience, takes $ away from public
schools, believes in for profit ed, ignorant of MOST BASIC disability rights as they relate to ed, thinks guns should be in schools
spend 8 hrs leading classroom of 25 needing various accommodations to achieve success and then come back w more informed opinion
or listen to deafening majority of highly qualified (a req in GA) teachers, professors, students & parents that oppose DeVos
Same on you. American government seats should never be for sale. You represent us. Listen to what we are saying.
We are more organized than ever before. Trump won by only 5% in GA this time; w/ huge influx of new GA residents by 2020...
...we will oust you if you keep ignoring our voices. Get ready for the takeover. It's not going to be pretty.
Yes!!
@SenatorIsakson Create some jobs in GA...staff your call centers bc we're just getting started!
Vote #noDeVos I'm an educator and fellow teachers and administrators across the state do not want her in the job!
this Georgia teacher opposes DeVos
Thank you, but we'll keep calling. #OpposeSessions
and no to #BetseyDeVos
Maybe you should create some jobs by hiring more staffers to answer your phones instead of asking your constituents to email
apparently it doesn't matter if worried citizens get in touch since we don't have the money to buy your concern. #crooked
not like you really care what the people have to say until goodbye at next election
coward
then you would vote NO on Price. Wait till you have a million people at your doorstep
Your constituents are waiting for you to speak out against Trump's attack on press.  Country or party first?
A vote for Sesdions is a vote to silence voices of black Americans. Support democracy & vote NO on sessions. GA counts on u.
You voted to censure @elizabethforma for reading a letter by #CorettaScottKing. For shame, sir.  For shame.
everyone needs to say you are a lobbyist. I bet you get through or a return phone call. 
I've been able to get in touch with your office, but I'm having trouble reaching you. Next steps? #StandUpToTrump. For us.
Campaigned for R candidates, even as a staunch D/Liberal. However, I am going to make it my MISSION to vote you out. 
I'd like to share my thoughts here... You are a disgrace. What do u think MLK would say to u today? Would u even care?
how about a town hall.  Your constituents have a lot they want to talk to you about.
Please schedule a town hall in Macon for your constituents
I hope the 30 pieces of silver you were paid for your yea vote on DeVoss was worth it. Good luck getting elected for
Nah, I'll keeping calling. Harder to ignore that way. Interesting pic of you staring at your phone though.
Haha.Good one.
I think Vouchers is a Win Win, another OUTSTANDING appointment by @POTUS
What you think? You probably have more experience and do a better job than her
I can't compete with @BetsyDeVos she is AWESOME
So, its ok that DeVos has NO experience in education? I'm a teacher. Her appt sucks eggs.
Silence a smart woman + squash free speech + approve unqualified major Senate donor. Great day's work for GOP!
Can't wait to vote against you in the next election.
PHOTO CAPTION CONTEST!!!!

What is Perdue thinking?
"All these blinking lights are people that hate me?"
When is a town Hall meeting in Atlanta? You owe it to your constituents.
.@sendavidperdue Thanks. Now I want you to stop the whitehouse from disparaging #ATLANTA with #alternativefacts
I'll share a thought..you disgust me!!! Sold out our kids for a bear fearing, plagiarizing bimbo with deep pockets!!
I've called and emailed you several time. Need a townhall meeting like you had with the prologue marchers. Discrimination?
NO on DeVos. NO on Sessions. Hell NO on Pruitt. Trump is trying to stack cabinet w/ unqualifieds. Serve US, not your party.
I will actively campaign against both of them!
Please help to stop Trump's extremist agenda. I understand differences of opinion, but he threatens our very existence.
Amen.
Bye! Gonna work SO hard to put a limit on your terms #onetermsenator
well clearly it doesn't matter, you don't listen to constituents anyway
I'd forgotten about this.Why'd I ever think he'd do the right thing?Blasphemy
how could you? You chose partisanship over our children's education. Unforgivable.
you have a funny way of showing you care.
when have you listened to constituents? I'll wait...
how about scheduling a town hall?
the only thing I want to say to you is bye when you come up for reelection. Will that teach you to listen? Hope so!
you appreciate money more, since you voted yes on DeVos. Shame on you for turning your back on our future, the children.
guess you missed the vote no on devos emails.   You should be ashamed.
Shame on you for this action: https://thinkprogress.org/gop-quietly-moves-to-spike-rule-protecting-you-from-fee-scams-on-prepaid-debit-cards-e4b23000fda2#.bkvvwuxfx …
we will remember this vote. georgia's turning blue.
You were elected to represent your constituents, if you won't do that then we will find someone who will! #noDevos
told you to vote NO on DeVos. You do not represent me. Will be helping get you out of office.
we wont forget! 20k from Devos will mean nothing compared to the thousands of parents & educators who are now against you.
You should change your title to prostitute cause that is exactly what you are. Hope you swallowed at least
how much of the $8.3 million did you get from Devos to sell out the kids of GA and confirm her- shame on you!
Thank you Senator. Keep up the good work!
SHAME ON YOU!!!  Your constituents will not forget that you voted against our children on DeVos.
You are the worst of the sellouts and your horrid record will live long after you are burning for your sins. #noDevos
Shame on you!  DeVos is not a supporter of public education in any way, shape, or form.
as if you actually listen!? 
Is it true that the DeVos family contributed monies,  approximately $20,800, to your campaign?
I hope you enjoyed hearing from (then ignoring) us. Don't worry, we'll keep calling. Get used to the sound of our voices.
#Disgusting. First @BetsyDeVos. Now you want to steal $ from teenagers & widows?
can you at least list a price sheet by issue so we know how much you charge to give away our rights? Thx.
I've done this. Written letters and sent emails. Still no response. What is needed for anyone to communicate with you.
U R A SELL OUT. HOW MUCH did DEVOS pay U? Is next u making us on Social Security Homeless. Millions wl b voting Out Betrayal
Calling doesn't work.  You ignore the will of the people.  We will start showing up at your offices instead.
people remember this date...11/6/2018. There are 50 republicans losing their jobs that day. Get registered and vote.
you sold our children out because of partisan bullcrap. Mark 11/6/18 the day you get fired. Voting constituent from 30039.
Maybe with all that money you got from donations you can buy yourself a new spine?
@SenateDems I got through, but you ignored our voices. You, the son of teachers and from HOUSTON County, voted for DeVos?!?
.@sendavidperdue you sold my kids out for $20,000. You are filth.
straight filth who doesn't give a fuck about the people they claim to when they want your vote.
I tried many times, and none of my concerned emails or calls were answered. Very disappointing.
PLEASE do not vote for Betsy DeVos. Look at the mess of charter schools in Michigan. No accountability!
I can't get through to you via any phone number.  I am opposed to Betsy DeVos and encourage you to vote against her.
Vote no on Betsy Devos. Horrible choice. I'm a GA voter, and I'm counting on you. Be accountable. Stand up to Trump. Thanks
Vote no to Betsy DeVos...she is not qualified....do it for the children.
Please be the hero, be the one that was brave enough to cross the party line and do what your voters are asking, oppose!
Vote No on DeVos-
Please vote no on Betsy Devos as Education Secretary.  As your constituent I want a Secretary with experience.
Hey David.  What about the 5.3 million Besty owes to Ohio ?   You Jail people in Georgia for unpaid Parking Violations
I am deeply troubled by your support of Besty DeVos.This woman is ignorant and is expecting a return on her campaign $ SHAME
Vote NO on DeVos.
Please vote No for Betsy Devos, she is unqualified.  Make our vote count, this is a democracy
@theRza2u Pls support improvement of public schools via fair &just funding. Pls be an ethical public servant& earn r respect
Your office is busy because NO ONE WANTS YOU TO VOTE FOR @BetsyDeVos Do you represent Washington, DC or Georgia? #NoDeVos
I have not ONCE been able to reach either of your offices to voice my grave concerns about what is happening in DC.
Vote @BetsyDeVos
I've emailed and I've called, now I'm tweeting ... PLEASE vote no to Betsy DeVos?!?! #noDevos

please join the Democrats to vote against DeVoe. Thank you.
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. I know she gave you money, but that doesn't mean she's had ANY relevant experience. VOTE NO.
vote no on devos!!!
Why? So they can go into a Spam folder? #CrossTheAisle
$23,400 from DeVos family? You better vote no . Sound like an ethics problem if you don't. #CrossTheAisle
If you care more about the children of GA than the campaign donation she gave you, you will vote no on Betsy DeVos.
I've emailed multiple times, tried to call, can't get voicemail-it's full. #StopDeVos
@SenatorIsakson your GA constituents want you to #VoteNoDevos & answer your phones.
Please vote #NotoDevos
you appreciate us taking time to share, but plan on voting against our wishes. We will remember.
#DumpDevos 
#NotoDeVos 
Show us you still have integrity and support the very people you are there to represent.
Is it true you took $23,400 from DeVos family & that's why you're supporting Betsy? For shame! It's not too late to VOTE NO!
please oppose DeVos.
no sign my calls from 30318 rec'd. $23,400. Recuse yourself. #noDevos #GA spoke in Nov., speaks now, and next election
no on DeVos. Our children are depending on your vote.
Thank you for voting for more choice in education for minorities and middle class children that rich politicians have.

You can afford to get another phone line to listen to what Americans care about. Remember you work for us. No on DeVos.
All Americans care about public education. Please say NO to Devos. She does not have the genuine interest of or knowledge.
Hey, Senator, you had better get control of Parker in your DC office. He seems to be having a meltdown.
Vote No on Betsy DeVos! I am a Lilburn resident and a Georgia voter who is appalled by "bought by a billionaire" politics!
On Fox you said, “Our democracy depends on total transparency between government leaders.”  Does this apply to Trump?

we've been in touch, you need to LISTEN to your constituents! You need to represent ALL of us, not just the $$$
Answer your phones. Can get thru 2 @SenatorIsakson,not you. I have a Voice (even though I cannot speak to u).I have a Vote.
empty your voicemail box and listen to your constituents who overwhelmingly say #noDevos #noSessions.
Do you support Trump's attack on our judiciary?
Just cannot  believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!
Betsy DeVos' knowledge of Education begins and ends with vouchers. Local school board members are more informed. #DumpDevos
you don't answer the phone, voicemail always full and no response to emails.. NO to DeVos.
These 12 senators betrayed our children by confirming the incompetent plagiarist Betsy DeVos. Will yours???
PLEASE vote NO on DeVos! from a 20 year veteran public school SLP.
one question, do you think it's ethical that you vote on DeVos after she gave you almost $25k for your campaign?
NO to DEVOS!  GA did not want OSD why would we want her version of education?
Remember how badly the vote for #Amendment1 went in our state? #Georgians don't want this. You should vote against #DeVos.
You don't listen to you constituents as and is easily seen by what people say to you as opposed to what you do
@SenToddYoung Neil Gorsuch has been a fascism fanatic since high school. If you support him you support fascism.
What if I give you the same $23K Betsy DeVos gave you? Would you answer my call then?
- There is a high level of calls because DeVos is the wrong choice!. Vote NO! Don't ignore us!!
How do you feel about Trump's attack on a federal judge? Do you believe in separation of powers, or no? Do your job.
@textifyer59 @sendavidperdue Trump has the mistaken notion he is a monarch when he's only the cruel joker who's headed 4 impeachme
Show your appreciation for our voices by voting no on DeVos!
Senator Perdue we are waiting for you to show up in GA and we would like a Town Hall with you.
Do you think you phone lines are jammed with people calling to tell you "we like what you are going?" #getaclue
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos.  I am a parent, voter, teacher and resident (30068).  She is unqualified.  Please listen!
I urge you to change your vote to NO on DeVos. My tax $ should only go to Public Schools!!
#dumpdevos   #zip30319 Bad for kids. Bad for schools. Bad for business. Bad for the future is America!!!!!!!!!
Time to RISE UP with the @AtlantaFalcons and vote NO for Betsy DeVos as GA wants you to. I have a Voice. I have a Vote.
please hear us. Thanks to staffers like Diego doing the work of democracy and taking our calls. #NoBanNoWall #noDevos
have some decency and vote AGAINST #BetsyDeVos. Georgians are watching you and we will remember you ignoring our wishes.
you wouldn't even answer the calls to begin with & you're not going to respond to the emails. You're embarrassing our state!
Please vote no on Devos.  Your teachers don't support her. Therefore, our PARENTS don't support her!
devos is not qualified.  I will vote no for you if DeVos is a yes.  Listen to us.  Listen to Georgia.
I WAS having trouble understanding why you would vote for Betsy DeVos instead of listening to your constituents-not anymore.
oppose http://devos.You 're a smart bizman - would you ever hire someone this inexperienced for a job this important?
So disappointed.  Our kids deserve better. We will remember this in 2018
Gonna read all those emails through that phone, are ya? There's not even a computer on your desk. What a sham.
Ha! This picture is perfect. Not answering the phone, just staring at it! Pick it up and listen to us for once.
we DON'T want #DeVos ! Vote NAY or rest assured we will take your job from you! Tea party has nothing on us! #Indivisible
WHY you are voting for #DeVos despite GA's 20pt margin vote against for-profit charters. Whose interests are you serving?!
You obviously don't appreciate it if you're just going to ignore what we tell you.
avoiding us is not going to change that we do not agree with how you are representing us. Vote no on DeVos!
no to Betsy Devos. She is unfit, unqualified, and unprepared for this role. The future of our children is important!
Nope. We will continue to call!
Want to hear what GA residents are saying! Vote no on DeVos!! Not qualified.  Stop hiding and have a town hall. GA resident.
As former Cobb teacher & parent of special needs child, imploring you to vote no on unqualified DeVos!
please listen to us, your constituents! We just voted no on amendment 1, so you know how we feel. Vote no on Devos!
Please vote "No" for DeVos
I'm one of your voting constituents and I urge you to vote No, No, No on DeVos for Sec. of Education
Please vote NO for Betsy DeVos tomorrow at 6:30am. Educators, students, and parents will thank you.
Having trouble reading this?? No on Sessions, DeVos and Pruitt... did you hear that?
vote no on DeVos! Save public education! I'm sure you've been flooded with #VoteNoDevos calls. You're our voice. Listen!
If you really want  job growth in Georgia hire more people to answer your phones. We are not going to stop calling.
NO TO DEVOS!!!!!!
Is this a joke? I've called, emailed, and written letters with no response. Not feeling represented at all.
will do, thank you! Been getting nonstop busy signals all week l.

You are going to have someone reading these, right?
RIIIIIIGHT!!!  I'm sure.
Sen. Perdue, I live in 30345. You represent me. When is your next town hall? I did not see it on your website.
#SteveBannon needs to go.Where is your moral and ethical leadership when we need it?No duck&cover.Your silence is deafening!
PLEASE stand up for what's right and vote against Betsy DeVos tomorrow.
thank you. I hope you take the time to read our letters. GA voters want someone qualified to deal with education. Not DeVos
please add more staff.

Listen to your constituents.  Vote NO on DeVos. Vote NO on Sessions.
Proud to vote for you in ATL. Please do what's best for US: vote no on Sessions & Devoes.
thank you. Sent an email. Reiterating here. Please Vote no on #BetsyDeVos.
This Georgia parent begs you to vote #noDevos. Our children are depending on you!
I am a Republican voter in GA. You must vote NO on DeVos. She's historically unqualified. And I'm sure u know that.
No on Devos. No on Sessions. President Bannon won't even notice. Don't be scared.
this is what you said on November 4, 2014 about #Obamacare. #FullRepeal first.
