.@sendavidperdue which enemy is that?
.@sendavidperdue - if you mean ISIS, according to the US govt, ISIS is in Russia and in Saudi Arabia -
.@sendavidperdue - but ISIS is not in Iran. https://fas.org/sgp/crs/mideast/R43612.pdf …
.@sendavidperdue if you mean Islam is our enemy, you should resign. A religion is not an enemy but a way of living in relationship with God
.@sendavidperdue if you cannot tell the difference between a religion and an enemy, you lack the logic and empathy to serve in Congress.
Don't be evil. #resist or get the hell out.
fear mongering to appease your base.
We have asked you not to support Trump. You refused. Expect to lose your Senate seat.
Muslims and immigrants are not our enemy. Your own family immigrated to this country!
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS Good thing y'all kept those would-be immigrants in Syria, right? God forbid refugees leave their war-torn country.
Saudi Arabia still not on list. Remember 9/11. Lawyers will be taking it down soon as still no proof of terrorists.
This constituent requests you jump off the crazy YesMan train & oppose Russian operative posing as President. #DoYourJob
not according to the DHS Intelligence Report. Who's lying?
It will not do that, sirs.It is a racist smokescreen,and it is against American principles.Thomas Jefferson hates it.

It is discriminatory and unAmerican.
shared enemy IS POTUS. You're falling in line w treason and mania...for what? Evaluate yourself.
Plz put God & Country before treasonous @GOP & Trump for once YOU CAN BE #RBD You can be a hero.
Twice @ that? History has facts only, not Alt facts; Can u answer w ur ungodly racist hypocrisy & hubris?
Study US history & see the blood this country has spilled, laws/resolutions broken. What 1 country has nuked another?
Quit drinking the orange koolaid- it does none of that.Shame on you- unChristian, un-American
#MoreLoudWhiteIncoherentNoise to get us off track. #InvestigateFlynnRossManafort #InvestigateRussiaTrump
this is the most heinous unamerican thing. You are shameless. #recallpurdue #votethemout #RESIST #treasonoustrump
Thank you, Senator Perdue! 
NO...it's still a hate-mongering religious ban! Thanks for showing your true colors since 45 took ofc #votehimOUT
This EO is unconstitutional. U don't represent Georgians. Enjoy ur only term. #impeachtrump #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
BUT in effect he has put our men & women in peril. Provided propaganda to recruit to  Islamic Brotherhood. Shameful
nobody is buying this line Dave!
get off the trump train and use your own common sense. The intelligence community says this makes us less safe.
as your constituent I do not support discriminatory ban. saying it's for our safety is a blatant lie http://time.com/4682723/homeland-security-intelligence-report-travel-ban/ …
Wanna buy a bridge?
man both of you have never read the constitution, next time you claim to be a Christian @sendavidperdue don't, you 
No, it won't. This is shameful hate-mongering. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #RefugeesWelcome


just stop. #MuslimBan
as a Georgia resident and your constituent,  i ask you to investigate the Russian connection.
Republicans have lost sight of who our enemy really is. Investigate 45's Russian ties. Country above party!
Any chance we could discuss this in person? Like, at a #TownHall for example?
Scholars and professions in HLS say this makes America less safe. What proof do you have for your statement on EO?
when will you guys wake up and see how unhinged Trump is. When he doesn't get his way he goes crazy!
45?  I would love legislation to protect us from his devastation
@SenatorIsakson Our shared enemy is our gvnmt conspiring w/ Russia.  Appt independent prosecutor 2 investigate. #DoYourJob.
Can you protect us from DC? Starting to wonder. When is ur Town Hall?! Isn't it time you answered our questions & concerns??
We already have extreme vetting in place for all immigrants. This is part of Bannon's white supremacist agenda. #NoBanNoWall
What a crock!!  Major BS.
Homeland Security doesn't think this will make us safer & neither do most Americans. Guess we'll waste more time in court.
I live in GA and I will not be voting for you.
Please stop defending the man. If this is "great," I'd hate to see what a bad America was.
just like your raise bill is meant to provide low wage jobs, right?
keep telling yourself that as harmful rhetoric/exclusion make America less safe & hate crimes continue to rise.
not according to #homelandsecurity what are you basing this on? Discrimination, #MuslimBan will never make us safer
Exactly, @sendavidperdue. Protect refugees from our shared enemy. Except the Syrians, Somalis, Yemenis, Iranians, Sudanese and Libyans.
Let's not kid ourselves...new EO is a way to discourage immigration to keep America white for racists like you.
how about starting with not allowing terrorist threats to own guns? Hope to see you at a Town Hall in near future
have anything to say to natsec experts who say that this order won't deter extremism & make us less safe?
Still a muslim ban no matter how you paint it
Stop drinking the kool aid.
You never cease to hit new lows representing Georgia. Always a good reminder you support racist policies.
Donald Trump IS our shared enemy.
why don't you investigate this http://www.11alive.com/news/local/local-mosques-on-high-alert-after-threats/420208165 … in our own backyard.
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS it would be nice to live in a country not so full of cowards.
Your prejudice and bigotry is showing. Stop using "Nat'l Security" as an excuse to perpetuate Islamophabia. #VoteHimOut2020
Saudi Arabia is not on the list . Even Trump supporters know that's where majority of terrorists hail from. What BS
why don't we do more to investigate crime by white supremacists? Multiple hate crimes in the past year, no word at all.
they are your constituents, and our taxpayers and neighbors. They deserve to be treated as such and not as criminals.
Muslims aren't our enemy, not one refugee or immigrant from any of these areas has caused an attack.
your bigoted supporters might buy this Bs but we know it is a lie. #NoMuslimban
GA voter. What are you doing to invest. POTUS & family Russian ties. profiteering off Presidency. $12 M at Miralago so far
Americans are more likely to be killed by armed white American men than by ISIS, but don't let facts get in your way.
you and the rest of the @GOP are looking at a long hard fall #russiagate #traitors
who will keep us safe from Trump as he hands our great nation to Russia? Demand an independent investigation!
Maybe focus on our current natl security crisis, which stems from our own White House. You're complicit. #Trumprussia
Your views on foreign policy are ignorant, short-sighted, and put us in even more danger for terrorism. Thanks for nothing.
But who's going to protect us from Putin? #russiagate #investigatetrump #shame
DHS study shows the order will do no such thing. Disappointed that you're accepting such specious justification.
No, it's meant to be racist, but so are you so why would you care. He's also trying to distract us from RUSSIA!

No. It's meant to be racist. Quite a lot of Georgians are Muslim. Many refugees live in ATL & SAV. WE ARE GLAD THEY'RE HERE.
Are you a patriot defending constitution or do you support treasonous @potus? Independent investigation of Russian ties now
you're a pretty bad senator bro
The new executive order is meant to distract us from his relationship with Russia.  Stand up and be an American.
look no further than your own party for terrorists.
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS Funny how you have yet to comment on the nonsense wire tap story but praise this needless ban.
Our country was more secure when Obama was president.  You support Trump - opposed Obama. You're accountable. Enough said.
It's clear where your loyalty lies and it's not with your constituents. When @POTUS goes down in flames he'll take you along
ever think this might fuel anti-American sentiment in the Middle East which fuels terrorist groups?
my husband is a Muslim born US perm. resident taxpayer in GA. I take it if he is detained we shouldn't call your office.
our state has a number of present dangers, the least of which is Muslim immigrants. Stop scapegoating innocent people
Still wondering what Trump is giving you, so he can keep your testicles in his pocket???
For shame, David. This is unconstitutional and does nothing to protect us from actual terrorists. You are awful. #GOPtoady
You continue to be on the wrong, racist, unconstitutional side. You have done a lot of damage & will continue to until 2020.
this EO, like the original, does not do that.   A voter from GA
this is not true and you know it! Nothing more than racist propaganda that will not make us safer.
at this rate you won't be a US Senator much longer. maybe Russian businesses or government will give you a golden parachute?
The real threats to American's and National Security are: climate, healthcare, and education - NOT TERRORISM.
Just when I though I couldnt be more embarrassed by my Senators. Shameful Mr Perdue
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS Nonsense. CBP is now screening purely domestic flights. This is either 1) theater or 2) beginning of police state.
This is demonstrably untrue!
this hateful order does nothing of the sort and you know it.
I totally agree. Perdue is silent about breeding hate, and vocal about supporting hate breeder #1.
You are as clueless as the president you serve. Try reading some history & taking notes at those security briefings.
What will Trump do to keep USA safe from Russians cyber attacks & from white nationalists attacks on minorities?
1) I'm from Georgia, & I'll be voting next election! 2) this order will make it easier for ISIS to recruit (cont)
this is still a religious ban, and none of the terrorists come from any of these countries
it's like waving a red flag in front of a bull & not being prepared for it to show up and knock you on your backside
Senator we elect and pay you to represent us not suck up to @realDonaldTrump #DoYourJob #BlindSycophant
I'm ashamed you are representing Georgia!
You are going to be a one term senator just like #CheetoHitler
except it does the opposite by inflaming anti-American sentiment in countries doing no harm to the US. #ItsAMuslimBan
Trump is Putin's puppet and this is a Muslim ban that will do -0- to save American lives. SHAME on you for supporting
Hold a #TownHall. I don't care if it's not your "style." It's not about you.
counting days to vote you out. Starting to think Russia has something on u. Maybe we will get u to get u out even sooner.
Finally we are protected from that thing that has caused little to no damage to our country. MORE GUNS!
Our national security is at stake. We need you to request an independent investigation into Russia meddling. #Trumprussia
A goper is not going to go against Trump not until they get all their stuff signed & since couldn't prep in 6 yrs??
Senator show US you are country over party. We are concerned citizens and depend on you to represent. #Trumprussia
this ban is for fear mongering.  It goes against what DHS & other agencies have reported.  Stand up to @POTUS.
Please ask for Trumps Tax returns which could clearup or confirm Russian ties.
Except in Russia & with PUtin
This does nothing to make us safer.Nobody disagrees with looking @ who/how visas should be issued,but this'll be worse
. @sendavidperdue You are just the worst
Abramovich, Trump &Kushners are good friends. We prefer our tax dollars don't pay for Russian steel or DakotaAccessPipeline.
"Our shared enemy"? You're a disgrace. You hold a seat once held by George, Russell, Talmadge and Nunn?
#Georgia request that you protect us from Russia. Please request an independent investigation and special prosecutor
Whether it actually does, and what peripheral consequences it may have, is of course of no concern to us at all. America!
I'm hearing reports from friends that normal visitors to the US are being denied entry for being anti-Trump. Is that true?
it is meant to pander to his Muslimphobic base.  There isn't an altruistic bone in his body.
Please protect us from Russia. Is Trump compromised? Are you Senator? Need independent investigation now.
thank you for serving us in Georgia well!
You're an embarrassment to Georgia. Secure our country through the utter rejection of data, expertise, and diplomacy?
The Russian connections are really concerning because we feel our National Security is at risk.
