Unfortunately only refugees will be hurt by the 90-day ban.
Big bad scary world. This biggest threats to Anerican lives are things already in America- but keep burying your head and blaming "others"
You KNOW this isn't accurate. Most of the immigrants impacted by the bigoted Muslim ban are still allowed in. Stop fomenting unfounded fear!
You are delusional. Maybe you should go hideout in a bunker deep in GA for a couple dozen years.
Sen. Perdont dont really care about the EO.  Do care about McConnell's terrible healthcare bill.  Will you grow a backbone and oppose?
6/ Do what your voicemail says you'll do: listen to us. You're an absolute embarrassment to a our wonderful & diverse Georgia population.
Yet our greatest threat on US soil is from right wing extremists. This EO is not about security, it's about fear-mongering and scapegoating.
They're following a man whose only goal is to destroy Obama's legacy which will never be destroyed.  Ever !
Our citizens are more in danger from the health care bill you support than from foreign terror.
And yet, Trump is doing very little to keep us safe, ignoring American intelligence services, disrupting alliances, coddling dictators.
Interesting to see so many republican senators suddenly tweeting about this to distract from this abhorrent wealth care bill.
Vote no on health care,
You are a staunch supporter of anything Trump. You should try thinking on your own instead of always defending Trump.
Can we stop pretending that GOP cares about Americans? The AHCA is proof, 22mil people without needed coverage, yeah "cares" about Americans
Ridiculous lap dog , your bigotry and hatred is an embarrassment to your state and out country
The world is such a wonderful place. There is infinitely more harm being done by trying to move legislation that strips many of healthcare.
Too bad the GOP doesn't believe in protecting Americans with Healthcare.
5/ If you claim to be a Christian, act like it & work to help those less crooked I mean fortunate than you are.
Bwahahaha!
Reinstated? Unless I'm wrong this #EO was never instated. Facts matter unless you are Trump #TimeCover @gop & @foxnews
David, talk to us. Don't just post a statement on Twitter. Interact with the people whom you represent. Is that to much to ask?
You're more dangerous than any of the immigrants trying to make a better life for themselves. Vote NO on Deathcare! #Resign
2/ Do you realize your job is to represent your constituents & to uphold your oath which is to the constitution, not a person or agenda?
According to him, his oath is to the Koch brothers, and the idiot in the WH. Also to screw his constituents  every chance he gets.
The world is an amazing, diverse place. Don't be scared David.
& un-American
too bad he won't protect us against him by resigning, and from The Cockroach Club by not listening to republiKKKans, who comprise The Club
The latest attack at the airport came from Canada. You better put Canada on your Travel Ban too.
Wrong. Read the decision - that's not what it says. Plus, the world is a dangerous place because of trump and senators like you.
This "President" couldn't care less about me. And neither do you with your support of the AHCA.
You know what is dangerous? Not having affordable health care.
Here's  what is more dangerous. Republicans, they are home grown terrorist.
Continuing to be 45's puppet will result in the end of your career, and you will have to live with your words and actions forever. #shame
If you are so concerned about the safety of Americans then we can count on you to vote NO on this travesty of a healthcare bill. Right?
But Saudi Arabia is still A-ok with Trump. You know, the place where some of the 9/11 hijackers came from? Stop kidding yourself.
Ok, so in the 120 days that it would've been in effect what happened? We've had domestic terrorist attacks by white males! Talk about that!
Obviously you can't think for yourself!  Just another old, rich, white gop sheep!
Do you know how to read? They temporarily reinstated SOME of the travel ban until the case is heard this fall. Could you suck up more?
Also, the world is dangerous but because of your idol Trump and his insane, reactive, bigoted statements and policies, not this. #GOPtoady
My question is who's going to protect us from that imbecile,@realDonaldTrump That moron is causing our enemy pool to increase
But yet not one issue with people  effected by the ban in the last 90 days. The world is dangerous because of people like you and Trump.
Senator, you are being disingenuous. Please be honest and admit that armed white males cause far more harm in America than immigrants.
You do know Homeland Security said there was no basis for targeting these countries or you just rubber stamp whatever that fool does
Could you really be that out of touch? A #MuslimBan is unconstitutional http://unAmerican.You  realize some of your constituents are Muslim
Americans are more vulnerable to gun violence than Islamic terr attacks. Refugees = 0 deaths. Guns = 93 deaths/day (on avg - by citizens)
Stop kissing 45's butt and check your voicemail.
Senator, it’s well past time for you to put the welfare of Georgians ahead of GOP party doctrine, a bonkers president and special interests!
Racism does not protect us it divides us and makes us less safe.
Yes, .@sendavidperdue, America is full of danger: should you fall ill but be not of means, you'll die under @gop health "care" #resist
Lawyers & Judges, how can the Ninth Circuit know the facts of the matter without security briefings? @POTUS does now and should decide.
Why do you support killing our disabled children?
#GOPDeathParty
The world is not a dangerous place.
But who is protecting us from @POTUS? Congress isn't.
You should not support the travel ban. It really is just a political ploy.
You remind me of the unpopular kid trying to get in with the cool crowd in high school. Gtfu. Only crazies actually believe this rhetoric.
"The world is a very dangerous place" Oh, orator and statesman! Such Churchillian eloquence on matters of law & nation stir our... *sigh*
Ruling by fear is no real protection. Shame on you for not holding up American ideals. Our light on the hill is now diminished. #NoBan
Stop trying to makes us fearful of anybody who doesn't look like you. And what about voting "no" on that #HealthcareBill?  Thanks.
The GOP is a bigger threat to Americans' lives than any terrorists: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/26/us/politics/senate-health-care-bill-republican.html?_r=0 … #gapol
Really, in this country it is not Muslims who are the problem, it is white men, homegrown, who have killed way more people than Muslims 
Voter in 30127! Without diversity we would not have the greatest military. Maybe you shouldn't resign ATL=Diversity!
My husband is a GA taxpayer who has never harmed anyone & I'm a voter whose new mission in life is see you thrown out of office,sycophant
Not "much," but partial. PLEASE keep the tweets factual.
You are a hateful man. From your prayer for Obama's death to your disregard of your constituents you have revealed you have no heart.
How about you taking that seriously and protect us from the horrendous healthcare bill the GOP is pushing????
The 911 criminals were here legally taking flying lessons. They would be able to get in. They were also all from Saudi Arabia. GA isnt dumb.
And let's usher in more racism, xenophobia, and hatred. Yay!
Sad that our country is once again closing it's doors to refugees like 1930's. Nationalism didn't work out too well then, either.
Live the word of God, David. Listen to the speech of your savior. Kindness to the poor and those seeking refuge is required.
The president is wrong and amoral. You must atone. Are you a Christian? Jesus would be excluded by this criteria.
Which Americans? Not all Americans, just some Americans. Rich, White "Christian" Americans. Oh and Saudis, let's arm the Saudis.
Isolationism is NOT what our country is built on.  I refuse to be part of it! #Resist #DumpTrump  #ProudAmerican
you're only making the world *more* dangerous for everyone who isn't you and your wealthy friends. #greed #notsojesus #shame
it was already a very difficult process to get into our country or to get refugee status.
Come on, Senator--you must be joking with this right now. HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE HEALTHCARE!  Do what's right for your constituents.
If it makes u happy but what r u going 2 do abt white supremacists committing terrorists acts & the mass murderers....where r they gonna go?
Considering foreign students, workers, immigrants, and refugees already have a "bona fide relationship", this mostly bans tourists.
This doesn't protect us one single bit. Stop the fear mongering. We expect better from you sir.
Supporting an unconstitutional, ineffective, xenophobic ban AND a healthcare bill that'll leave 22mil without coverage? Such leadership!
Voter in Georgia-  think 2018 . We are   Vote NO on the Senate HCPlan. It is sinful!  What you do to the least, you do to Him!
How does the EO do that? Still haven't seen an answer.
How will Trump care affect my teenaged granddaughter who has PANDAS and others like her
You and your religious fervor make the world a dangerous place. Please don't think we'll forget that in 2018.
How will Trump care change Medicare?  I don't have that information
How will Trump care affect my son(58) early heart attack- no insurance. Premiums were too high
How will Trump Care. Affect my granddaughter who was born with a heart. Defect?
30033 dont vote to take insurance from 22 million Americans?  Raise premiums by 20% and  cause 15 million to lose health insurance in 2018
What's the source for this quote? Cause it sure as hell ain't an official SCOTUS statement.
Sycophant.
Now we just need to get rid of the ACA, as totally & completely as possible, for the sake of my kids and my grands - plz repeal(Ga resident)
Hope your kids and grandkids don't have a pre existing condition and hope they can afford increased premiums.
Two do - and will still be covered as long as they pay their premiums and do not have a lapse in insurance. Just like car insurance.
Hey Perdue, How many of Georgia's families rely on Peachcare? You don't know and you don't care, do you. You want them dead. @JohnnyIsakson
4/ Your unwillingness to do your job & meet with your constituents will cost you your job in 2020.
That's certainly our intention. We need legislators who aren't actively trying to kill the citizenry in order to make rich donors richer.
It's a racist & religiously motivated EO & that's agnst our Constitution. Maybe replace that Bible quote on your desk w/ it?
Let's deal with the real terrorists on American soil - the white supremacists. I don't hear you calling them out for violence. Why is that?
2020.
3/ The longer you blindly support the Russian operative posing as President the more complicit in treason you become.
Support *and* constantly praise a traitor to our country. What does this say about you and your values, @sendavidperdue?
trump himself on more than one occasion has called this EXACTLY what this is... It's a Muslim ban. #NoBan  #VoteNoOntrumpcare
You would co-sign anything 45 does without regard for the best interests of your constituents. Shame.
And yet they will vote to re-elect him, so what does that tell you.
I like that you support @POTUS and are vocal about it.
Oh so you promote hate, bigotry, & DEATH!! 22 MILLION Americans will lose insurance.  Let's eliminate the poor & disabled by KILLING THEM!
Dramatic much . #instablock
1/ He's not trying to protect Americans. He's a racist attempting to impose his mindset on us.
David Perdoodoo.
