Just to clarify, when you talk about @POTUS, are you referring to President Bannon or @realDonaldTrump/Gimp?
What does that make President Bannon?
Ah apparently I am 
Btw you can't really challenge someone's intelligence and misspell "that" in the same tweet whilst retaining credibility  poor snowflake
Freedom of speech don't not equal freedom of consequence. The consequence here being that you're regarded as an idiot 
"If you think your real president is Daddy Vladdy raise your hand". 
Grow up...you're acting infantile or are you one of those snowflakes.
Well I managed to trigger you -lemme guess, you're not very well educated?
You didn't answer my question. Does that mean you're reading impaired?
Yeah, I gained my PhD in machine learning through sign language 
Haha have you seen your own haggered ass? Do me a favor and age faster.... too late 
Typical. What a loser.
Stay Focused!  #TrumpRussia

Demand Independent Investigation

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

This is not normal! #StayFocused
keep your head up cj
Same goes for christians as well, doesn't it? :)
How many Christians have you heard stoning gays to death this past decade?  Or century?

What about executing heretics?
..'western societies' should be treated as such to destroy the is' narrative of "they don't want you.they're different i.e. enmies"
Cultural integration only words when the cultures do not sirectly contradict eachother.

French and Indian culture can be integrated.
Isl/chr. do not differ that much imho.however,certain societies that claim their foundations in these religions do, yes.soc. are dynamic tho
Christianity does not dictate our laws.  Islam dictates theirs.

This makes their adapting to and accepting other ideologies very difficult.

Every Child Deserves a Full and Meaningful Life. #ProLife is God's Choice! 
https://twitter.com/rgenci57/status/850348525451857920 …

Are Liberals helping Trump ? 

Yes, by giving liberalism a bad name all over the World 
https://twitter.com/magnuslewis263/status/835519129968906240 …

The Only President Who Got "SNEAKY With Russia" is Barack Obama http://truthfeed.com/the-only-president-who-got-sneaky-with-russia-is-barack-obama/54750/ … #maga #trumptrain #trump2016
https://twitter.com/American1765/status/833867986817593345 …

Done 


No, thank you.
This had to change rules to pull off stolen from President Obama!  There is no pride in this appointment!
GREAT FOREVER!
#StolenSeat
Tough week for dems. Gorsuch confirmed, have to watch a POTUS with a backbone lead from the front and March jobs exceed estimates. #maga
This seat was vacant for over a year. Obama's choice didn't get confirmed and was replaced by a corporate judge!

2013: Obama asks Congress for permission to strike Syria, they say no.
2017: Trump asks Russia for permission to strike Syria, they say yes.
Whose side are you on?
Congrats to Judge Gorsuch!
Judge Gorsuch will be an amazing Justice 
Yes in a stolen seat. Great job. Republicans cheated to get him there. Great job republicans
Better read up on O's admin. Dems did same for 8 yrs! Gave the GOP the idea in the 1st pkace.
The one with the "stamina" and solid, reasoned, substantive answers was Hillary Clinton. US NewsSep 26, 2016
保卫美国传统价值
Oops! You wrote Gorsuch instead of Garland. Please correct and retweet. Thanks! Love, America
His seat will be forever tainted.
I choose not to watch because it should be #MerrickGarland
Watch the deep state government @POTUS. Stick to YOUR AGENDA!! #MAGA 
What is his Agenda? Serious question. So far he has done 100% of what he campaigned AGAINST?

Thank you @POTUS 
Gorsuch sworn to uphold the constitution. I guess that does not cover the constitutional right of a sitting president to nominate a judge.
obama aka Ben Daehoe GOING TO PRISON! hillary GOING TO PRISON! rice GOING TO PRISON! holder GOING TO PRISON! tried  treason, capital murder
E
Now the President can get to work!  AMERICA...sit back and watch the evil completely unravel  #GOD BLESS AMERICA
GOP cheated to give away this seat. Gorsuch is as illegitimate as @POTUS.
And he is just as illegitimate as you! Won't be watching. Resign.
God bless Judge Gorsuch!
won with a loser
You have to raise the pic up a little so he can see the pussy!
That's not honourable
Didn't watch: don't support.
Majority of the Supreme Court is white male. Americans are not all white male. Where is an Asian in the Supreme Court?
Stolen seat on the high court.  Shame on our Congress.
Stolen? Not hardly. Merrick was rejected bc he is anti 2nd Amendment. He would not be faithful to uphold the Constitution.
BOOO! TOWN HALL????
Live/Die BY The Sword! Biden=No SCOTUS Nom' N Last Year Of Term+Reid=Nuke Option. Biden Rule took out Merrick+Reid's Nuke Secured Gorsuch.!!
"Honorable"? When the GOP _literally_ needs to rewrite rules to get him sworn in, there's nothing honorable about him.
Too bad the GOP had to steal this #SCOTUS pick. History will always note it as an asterisk on every 5/4 decision. Blocking Obama started it.
Hahahaha. The liberals are having tantrums again today.
Can you blame them, really? ALL rules changed because @SenateMajLdr wanted to stop @POTUS44 . Now GOP own all power, watch what they do now.
It's going to be great!
Hope you are right. We've had the longest uninterrupted period of job growth in American history since Obama. Now gas prices are rising.
It really is a matter of circumstance.  He came in with one of the worst unemployment since the depression. Unfortunately rapid job growth..
Helped contribute to the recession.  We just grew way too fast and couldn't keep up because we still kept trying to grow faster.
Honor driver freezing to death able
Hi this is me also I guess
congrats need tweets of gorsuch!
There is a God fearing man, Judge Gorsuch. Missing Scalia tho. :(
No thanks
somewhere out there is right. Just not far enough somewhere.  Block me Please! 
Corrupt? How?
Who gives a Fuck,  FIX THE CORRUPT FAMILY COURT SYSTEM 
STOP TITLE 1VD EXTORTION
Was Merrick Garland invited? 

Or would that have been too awkward for everyone?
Merrick garland is a nobody he didn't even count here
Still all about #Trumprussia
You do realize that our attack on a Russian ally, pretty much shoots down the idea of any collusion. As well as info that came out before.
First it was his taxes.  MSNBC cleared that up.Than rapists crossing the border.  2 rapist on 14 yr old cleared that.  Now Russia is cleared
Ummm.... Russia is not cleared. Taxes from over a decade don't clear anything up. And Trump is still a perv. Still conned
Keep focusing on Russia and his taxes and you will loose again three years from now.  Liberals cant stop talking about stupid stuff thats
How many times a day will the Honorable Neil Gorsuch think about how his seat on the Supreme Court was stolen from Merrick Garland?
You crooks and cheats will get what you deserve.
Why? Nothing to see here. Just a illegitimate president and a SC justice rammed down our throats via a rule change.
No thanks, too many traitors & stolen positions in our govt.
I am so disappointed that our Congress put this man on the court.   Sad Day
Merrick Garland was robbed.
I think it was Obama who said that "elections have consequences".  That includes senate elections.
 #NeilGorsuch  #SCOTUS  #SwearingIn 
So much #Winning 2 #MAGA
Thank you @WhiteHouse @VP @POTUS
He's already LEGALLY SCOTUS 
Не пиздите. Это Трамп пособник ИГИЛ и террористов
Don't fucking talk. Trump is an accomplice of ISIS and terrorists
Cállate la boca! Si no te gusta lo que ves entonces regrésate a tu lugar de origen! Pendejo! Are you talking about SHITLLARY AND OVOMIT ?
Не пиздите. Это Трамп пособник ИГИЛ и террористов
Don't fucking talk. Trump is an accomplice of ISIS and terrorists
No thanks, I'll be busy lamenting the end of progress.
http://usat.ly/2o8HjgN 
#MondayMorning
SIX leaks to Politico indicate that you bombed Syria because you lacked a coherent foreign policy.
#MondayMorning
SIX WH staff leaked the same story: Trump's admin realized he HAD no foreign policy. 

3 day later: Syria.

…
Fireworks display in Syria: $80M
Aircraft carrier toward N. Korea to distract from #TrumpRussia: $$$$$M
Golfing all weekend: priceless
Obama's 2 year travel expenses: 24M
Trump's 10 WEEK travel expenses: 24M
Not one more WORD about Obama golfing.
#MondayMorning
At least trump doesn't use our tax money!! (Even if this is true)
He pays for Air Force One & SS for himself & wife living apart? on .
And who are you? Lol
We are Americans standing up to corruption!
KEEP your word on building the WALL! Americans voted you in and the wall was one of the reasons they voted for you! Don't let us down!
*Gorsuch

*Stolen & illegal
Garland should have already had the seat. Stolen by cronies in the Senate. Shameful.
Shameful that u don't understand that Merrick was immediately rejected.  He's anti 2nd Amendment & would be unable to uphold Constitution
Oh bullshit. He was a centrist. And you should really read the 2d Amend as one sentence. That's how it was written, not two phrases.
A Great Day for America! #SCOTUS
1-0 for the evil forces
God bless Neil  Grosuch..
Russia
오늘 당장 북한 김정은 테러집단 괴멸 작전에 돌입할 때다.
Finally a great man put in a responsible position. Back to a sane Supreme Court  let justice be done the right way!
Please ensure ALL appointees are originalists.
#1 reason I voted for Donald J. Trump was because he ran as an anti-establishment candidate! Looks like we found our Trojan Horse!  U f'd me
You mean the stolen position from Obama?  ALL republicans should be jailed for that...nothing but lying, greedy crooks and ASSHOLES..SAD!
Let us pray he won't be to far Right.
Cheaters all.  
Theft complete. #StolenSeat #NuclearOption #AnotherDayAnotherDisgrace
On vacation, time to come out and meet your constituents in Atlanta.  You need to hear from the voters in Atlanta.
STOLEN! The WH and GOP are all crooks.
!
congratulations Justice Neil Gorsuch. We The People created government, We The People are the Source of Law. Go to Maxims
No thanks I'm boycotting!
The swearing in of Gorsuch assures a conservative SCOTUS for generations!

Trump promises kept again!

Making America Great Again 

#MAGA
Hell yeah a conservative Supreme court. Liberals won the battle but not the war with their riots/protesting/crying. Eat your hearts out libs
I'm so glad all of you @realDonaldTrump supporters think the theft of a @Scotus seat is GOOD for our country- Merrick Garland truly deserves
I'd rather eat toe nail clippings.
So now when he goes in front of the courts 45 has a inside judge on his side.
#StolenSeat #UndignifiedGorsuch
Thank God we have a strong President.
A-holes beget more of same.
#StolenSeat This is NOT democracy!

Sad that you can't see why this is inappropriate.
make America great again
Watch the nominee by POTUS under criminal investigation ruleschangedto confirm how much lower will  they take USA ???
Wonderful day!!
Finally. Welcome aboard mr Gorsch
Stolen seat from #TrumpRussia President. Illegitimate Senate thanks to @SenMajLeader owned by Koch Bros & Citizens United. Worst impulses.
No
#trumprussia
#TrumpLeaks
#russiagate 
#followthefacts
#FollowTheDeadRussians
#firetrump

#TheResistance
has one of the most popular tweets to @realDonaldTrump today - via http://PolitiTrends.com 
#No

If Gorsuch had honor he would decline nomination and recommend Garland
If I have seen further it's through being fostered by you majesties, Am ill but ready to serve wherever you send me , Min . internal affairs
Congratulations on swearing in now everybody drop ur pants and bend over
Congratulations Mr. President great job.....
So proud today !! A generous brilliant and humble man .. I am so grateful
why so many trips to golf courses? Why are you so lazy? #DoYourJob #StopCrying #BeAMan
It was a daunting unprecedented process. I appreciate your hard work.
You have HAIR!!!!
Can't watch. I'm still choking from having Gorsuch shoved down our throats.
No thanks.
This is Huge thank you President Trump..
Ez Korea c if Trump wake up
beautiful
As long as Dems wanted to procrastinate, the future passed them by. Glad to see you have LOTS of patience. GO-GO GORSUCH
Btwn #SCOTUS & #RepealAndReplace women need an IUD or implant b4 ins won't cover it & back alley abortions are back @PPact #sex #love #baby
Yuck
it was amazing to watch now can you stop the government from using chemical weapons attack on Americans poisoned sprayed

The Honorable Neil #Gorsuch has been sworn in by the most dishonorable Republican.
Never
When you distract or pretend that there's nothing to see hear, and your supporters pretend along with you? That's called,"Deep denial"!
Nice being able to watch such a thing.
Just another losing play by a loser president.
@sendavidperdue @POTUS 
Republicans Suck.
Cheat, Lie & Lay Down with RUSSIAN DOGS!!!

SCIENCE DENYERS....Simply Rediculious.
v
I wanted to watch yesterday!  Good luck Justice Gorsuch!
Is he secretly a globalist too?

Oops. Forgot to tag @realDonaldTrump, the gasbag in chief. So very full of crap.
Most disgraceful act in 200 years.
Sad day in the world on so many levels surrounding this travesty....would rather clean the litter box!
end war
To:Mr  @RealNeilGorsuch :@ mariwan Abdulla .: The win and the big victory .You have this new position: We congratulate you this day.
No. Mitch has ruined our govt. Stolen seat. Mitch is a traitor to our country Gorsuch is a corporate plant.
#TheResistance
No seat stolen. Do unto dems as they do unto you. Dems got their ass handed to them. Know your history before speaking.
Not honorable at all. A stolen appointment. Sad day for Americans
Yet another Trump butt kisser
The Whitehouse is more focused on the swearing in than the shooting in San Bernadino that left 2 students injured!
may God Almighty Lord guide you
Thankyou sir for keeping promises and keeping us informed. . God bless America.
God bless and repress!
Everything Trump does turns into the spectacle of a circus. Venue should be Supr Ct, not WH. With Trump it's all politics. Stolen judgeship!
way to go sir
National alert all cops shud HV slurp from 11-3 coolllllll

