ACA needs to be repealed. Disappointed in Alexander, McCain, etc. Happy you voted yes, & my other senator, @SenatorIsakson #termlimits
And bet you nor a close family member is uninsured. Without empathy you have ZERO
Charlie Gard. There's your state-run healthcare. Govt has no business being in healthcare. Period.
So you don't plan 2 use Medicare nor do your older family members??
Medicare is not entitlement.  I'm paying for my medicare now. It's also not single payer. Apples and cars.
You don't think people in UK and other govt run healthcare countries are not taxed heavily to pay for it? They too are paying for it.
Of course they are. Medicare & Social Security are prepaid. We pay specifically for them for many years BEFORE we can use them.
Wish you would worry as much about declining rural GA as much as making brownie points! And that goes to all GA Congress @SenatorIsakson
@sendavidperdue insurance co's have promised that rates will skyrocket
Insurance costs increase annually because they can. They already control your health, not your doctor.
Insurance companies are for profit entities - they should not be in between me and my doctor.
GA has 1 of highest rural hospital closures in US AND @NathanDeal & GA legislature said NO to expansion of Medicaid. Are you REALLY FRIM GA?
Are you suggesting we do away with Veteran care? You don't want gov't in healthcare business
about same as what the gov made on student loan debt interest
@POTUS NJ. no understanding. ICE immig. policy hurts LI Hisp. comm. harassed by MS13. Ppl afraid to report crimes-help police #misguided
POOR PPL ARE EXEMPT FROM FINE, if you don't know how msg me and I'll help u.
WHY should AMERICANS pay fine for OBAMA DEMS LYING???
Exactly what are you talking about? Of course none of our Congressional delegation promises something they don't keep??
Drop in the bucket. One fix is to increase penalties to ensure more participation which will lower cost. Your vote will get you fired
Repeal that awful obamacare
However I guess 8 million people fine is more important than 22 million people lives!!! Fix the ACA. Work for the people not the party.
The middle class and lower income bracket didn't really have a fine because it was based on their incomes.
They should've signed up for insurance-at those low levels of income-they would've received subsidies to help pay.
Who do you represent in the state of Georgia? You really don’t listen to your constituents at all.
How come no one gets pissed when they get fined for driving without car insurance?!
Yes, but interestingly, the Senate didn't actually give the IRS authority to collect the fines. And provided 25 loopholes for non-payment.
Repeal it now!
Be more like McCain, care about all people who this program works for and fix.
That was the deal. They made their choice to go without coverage.
David Perdue fighting hard for his tax break & denying Georgians health insurance
DP .. I hope you are reading the responses on this feed.. almost every one is against your position  and vote. Wake up and the coffee!
Your work in Senate creates divisiveness, hatred, misogyny, and lack of any empathy for Ams & GAs. U will lose your seat. Start packing
Then work on fixing what's there. If you expect to get voted in again that's what you'll do.
Read the comments David-the majority of Georgians are not with you on this. You're in the swamp & your constituents are watching.  R U A 2?
Please know that U will not win the next election, you betrayed GA supporting Trumpcare; U support POTUS who supports police brutality.
#ComeOut @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson COmeOut #Listen! GA constituents will tell what is imp.  Hospitals-yes. Fines, not so much #WeVote
how many uninsured folks went 3 an ER or health center &didn't pay for services? Someone pays somehow. That's how it works.
No often the hospitals or clinics "eat it, on top of the indigent care they HAVE to budget for annually.   Hospitals then close, lots in GA
my point exactly: "eat it" means someone pays for it, i.e. Hospitals, driving up costs to stay "sustainable".

This physician/insurance company CEO says that #ACA isn't failing.
It's being sabotaged by Trump.
…
Money Obama stole to give Iran as a pardon offering for him ( Obama ) being gay. That's what that was about.
Push for the nuke option and repel Obamacare
The lack of concern about NKorea by Washington is crazy. All,of congress needs a boot in the butt and get to work. Stay focused real issues.
Sir please help,us. We the people are weary of the rhetoric and no progress in Washington. The behavior is disgraceful. Too much posturing.
That is probably the single most reason the repeal of ObamaCare failed. It puts billions into @IRS as punishment for being 'too poor".
I'm one of them. 2014, 2015, 2016... Who has $8,400 for premiums and $10,000+ for deductible?
So TrumpCare fines you for not having insurance also... well indirectly.. 6 months without and you are considered high risk. Triple premiums
You're in between a rock and a hard place. No way to cover pre-existing conditions without death spirals or terrible high risk pools.
You follow the law or you get fined or jailed.... A like the trumps & his cronies like yourself.
My husband hired this 21 year old guy he quit because the work was hard and went down and got food stamps how is this righ
Give Insurance back to the people where it was stolen from Repeal Period. No replacement
Why are you collaborating with traitors McCain and Graham? They have done almost as much to support ISIS@as OBama.
Ridiculous comnent..period.
Problem is everyone needs insurance if you want to cap costs and not have the government pay for uninsured people. He seems the fine
Do explain how you reduce premiums without mandating insurance? Unless your proposing the public option, the math doesn't work
Did you not listen to @SenJohnMcCain? Stop this left right BS and work together!
I listened to the hypocrisy that is JOHN MCCAIN! he should have stayed home.  #gopCIRCUS
...and your point is??....
you obviously don't understand how insurance works.
If you vote for a bill that only 22-15% of the people want, you don't represent The People! What kind of insurance do you have???!!! #Bye
Every response in this thread shows more knowledge about healthcare than you do in your disingenuous rant. Ga is voting you out.
Why are you still bashing Obamacare instead of presenting a better alternative?
$90 Billion a year dodge by US corps-REAPEAL THAT
U.S. corporations hold $2.1 trillion in profits offshore UNTAXED.
Not only are you a fool, you don't even know what you are voting for. "No. er, uh, i mean yes." classic.
$90 Billion a year dodge by US corps-REAPEAL THAT
U.S. corporations hold $2.1 trillion in profits offshore UNTAXED. http://americansfortaxfairness.org/tax-fairness-b …
You are a rich liar.  Congratulations.
Shut Up. 
So take away the fine, and make up that difference by taxing the .0001 % rich. 
PROBLEM SOLVED!  
#TAXtheRich
I see, the Perdue's and Ralston's have become the new kings of GA and manipulate reality to benifit  the rich in GA.  Trump win.
So $225 per person. Reasonable.
Did you forget that ACA was modeled after Republican Mitt Romney's health care plan.Massachusetts required mandates!
You are an ALEC tool
History will not judge you well @sendavidperdue @GOP.  Adios
Vote No tonite! If you vote yes, 554,000 constituents will lose coverage. How could you sleep at night knowing you were responsible for that
So premiums being 20% worse EVERY year is better? https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/s.a.667.pdf …
Vote NO on the skinny bill. No one trusts Paul Ryan to keep his word!
Why would you support a law that cuts CDC budget by 14%? Major GA employer and protects public health.
You obviously don't understand insurance premiums. If all the healthy people don't buy insurance, premiums go through the room.
It's their choice to be uninsured. It's YOUR choice to uninsure 16 million immediately and 32 million over 10 years. Who's worse off?
The mandate is necessary to ensure the risk pool is not overburdened with unhealthy people @sendavidperdue  rates will skyrocket without it
You are playing with people's lives here. You vote for this and we will NOT forget it.
NO! Vote NO! I tried calling you and your mailbox is full. Why aren''t you listening to US? !!!!!!
that's how it works... without universal healthcare. Give me the govt healthcare you get.
Repealing it will cost 16 million people much much more. More money. Maybe their lives. Maybe their children's.
Vote no on skinny bill!
That's how the bills are paid David.
#voteno on skinny bill. This is ridiculous to pass something so important in this slipshod manner. Impact on economy and people is dire

The bill will even hurt Medicare. The .9 Medicare tax on certain incomes will be gone causing coverage changes.
P approved a bill to ax over 1/2 m Georgians health care and cut benefits for all with Hcare. Keeping kids on till 26, etc will be gone.
7 years.  You had 7 damn years to make a plan.  You are a failure to the people of Ga .
Single payer David. Why r u denying people coverage?
better than dying without healthcare.
ANY CHANCE of getting a refund!? I know a lot of poor preachers who had to pay the fine.   SICK!
You could actually try and fix the exorbitant costs in healthcare first. Everything else would be cheaper. In GA pvt dr no ins needed cheapr
And yet when it comes to something better, you had 7 years, came up with fuck-all and are voting on a bill written over lunch.
You know this is horrible legislation. Bad for Georgia. You know Ryan won't guarantee conference. Return to regular order. Govern!
Typical Republican.  The party that destroys America.
That's how insurance works.  W/O mandate people will buy ins. after they are sick/injured. Like buying fire ins. after your house is on fire
How, HOW, do you sleep at night?
Sounds like a solid
I live in 31405. Keep Obamacare. Fix it. The GOP "plan" is a disaster.
Want to control costs? Let's get a team of actuaries to work on it,  not abandon the most vulnerable. What would JESUS do? U Christian?
1) you're not good on camera 
2) you're not a good public speaker
3) you're not going to be re-elected
#FixACA #NoSkinnyRepeal #NoRepeal
20 million got coverage. extra money isn't from the desire to care for others. Its from crazy insurance profiteering and a sick populace
"Skinny" repeal makes premiums increase 20% *every* year. But you don't care, right? Your goal is to make it harder for us to get healthcare
Ryan's statement is NOT a commitment to go to conference. Vote NO

You are immoral voting for this bill. There are folks who will die because they won't have healthcare. Shame shame shame.
Also, millions were able to afford health insurance and life saving care for the first time. Listen to your constituents!
Your position on health is obviously inflexible. But can you stop tweeting ridiculous videos of yourself daily?
Ok. Do you have a better plan where millions won't lose their coverage AND it's affordable for them? Show us what you've got Mr. Big Talker?
Keep the Individual mandate. It keeps the insurance pool large so that everyone can afford health care coverage. It keeps down costs.
What are you doing to make sure the people of Georgia have health care. We have families with disabled children that will lose coverage.
Stop trying to pass a tax cut as a health care bill. Hope Americans are smart enough to know the real reason for GOP health care bill.
That is good because it helped covered costs of uninsured people. Every single person in this country should have health insurance.
Don't forget James Comey and remind people AG Sessions did not win the Presidency Trump did and we will retaliate at the Voting Box
Remember you represent all Georgians. Quit spewing your false narratives.
Thx for speaking the truth. You are much appreciated!
You obviously know nothing about health care, the ACA, proposed Trump Care or hospital funding, budgeting, cash flow.
Another thing one of the men my husband worked with before he retired gave up his Verizon for free Obama phone how it this right
No Welfare for more than 2 years require work and education trades etc. No more paying for people not to work
Medicaid reform if you can't afford to support your child and pay to have one the responsible tax payers should not have to pay for it
Tax cuts, Boarder wall, immigration reform, equal justice under the law prosecute Hillary, Bill, Obama, Loretta, Mills, Rice, Shultz
You're a massive coward. But, hey, your vote doesn't affect your insurance coverage, right?
Nearly 1 million of your constituents will be affected, yet you're okay rolling the dice? A total coward move.

http://news.wabe.org/post/how-would-senate-health-care-bill-affect-georgia …
Maybe those people should be on Medicaid or have bought insurance!!
Your arguments are terrible and you should feel terrible.
Why using 2014 #s? Put in perspective est. 80% received refunds. Avg pymt minimal for putting the rest of us at risk to pay their ER bills!
#s used in different ways can tell very different stories! Your job is to use the numbers properly to do what is best for your constituents
Reps have had 6 months to "fix" health care but all you TALK about is ACA. All talk, no action! Time to help GA by working with Dems!
I know so MANY (R) friends & family who don't buy coverage. Then, they apply for Emergency Medicaid when they have an issue. Then we ALL pay
EVERYONE eventually needs hcare. It's patently unavoidable. Paying into the system you'll need at some point, makes it manageable 4 all.
Really? Truth to power! True patriots would ensure all Americans have access to health care = to your health care! #lies
There's no way to get around the fact that you lied then/lying now. You had no replacement. Fix ACA and maybe find some dignity.smh
Next time film this at a hospital, so the sick people can hear you say the govt doesn't want to pay for them to get better.

And hopefully that money was used to pay for the care they received when they showed up at the emergency room with no insurance
You are guilty of misinformation.
You lost my vote
$1.8 billion comes out to $225 for 8 million.  They chose to gamble they wouldn't need ins.  GOP plan removes 16 million people!!

Coward!  Why did you back out of joining McCain, Lindsey and the others today?  Vote NO on the SHAMEFUL Skinny bill! #Resist #growapair
Read https://www.oathkeepers.org/breaking-news-john-mccains-1969-tokyo-rose-propaganda-recording-released/ …
Argue instead for a Public Option, a Medicaid buy-in w supplemental ins
Better yet, get GA to expand Medicaid.
Stop this nihilistic arguing.
Fix ACA. That starts in the health committee, which McConnell skips. Debate this on the floor.
IRS "fines" are only collected from tax returns.
No return = zero fine.
Those who get a return can afford insurance.
Stop misleading.
For it to work we all need to be in one risk pool
HA HA HA This from the Senator who's GOP healthcare "plan" included billions in ultra wealthy tax cuts!!
Look until you come up with a bipartisan Bill that is better shut up!
Also it's call the Affordable Care Act NOT Oboma Care.   Don't be ignorant.
Say NO to the repeal/replace ACA!
Yes, that was the conservative Heritage Foundation's idea. It only became a liberal plot when a black President proposed it.
It was an idea circulating 10 years before the "I'm Threatened and Afraid of Everyone Else's Heritage Foundation" wrote about it.
That is a lot less than we pay in taxes for indigent care since no one in America can be refused hospital care and is not cost effective
How much money did American's pay because our healthcare plan pre ACA Was emergency room
@AustinScottGA08 @SenatorIsakson Gentlemen you do anything but fund ACA and you'll need to see if your old companies will take you back!!!!!
You had 7.5 years to come up with a great plan. You all are useless. It is obvious you care nothing about anyone but your own interests.
You will be voted out..
And why do you care?? Not like you give a crap about your constituents.
Tweeting a 3 yo speech of your opposition yet have done nothing about it is just proof of how pathetic the repubs have been.
Uh-oh! Math!!!!
Individual mandate exists to keep pools functioning. GOP policies have sabotaged the ACA. Fix it, don't sink it. 
http://khn.org/news/fewer-americans-paid-obamacare-tax-penalty-in-2016/ …
who let you out of the sewer
The individual mandate was a REPUBLICAN idea! Remember? Personal responsibility and all that?
ACA has 180 Republican amendments.  It's a bipartisan piece of legislation despite what they say.
Delete your account
Resign
$225 a person is a bargain for keeping your fellow citizens insured, assuming you don't just purchase health insurance and avoid the fine.
I'd bet the personal medical expenses for those people who didn't purchase insurance were much more interesting.
You say this like it's a bad thing. Medical care costs money.
I'll send anyone a refund myself if they can prove their omnipotence. They can be exempt.
You are a stuffed suit.
Senator Perdue, you represent all Georgians, including those who depend upon Medicaid. It affects all families. Understand this.
Your "process" is a damn joke. What the hell????!!!
If only there was a program for low income people get health insurance... oh wait, it's called Medicaid, and you're actively dismantling it.
And I bet you Senator have great Healthcare thanks to us taxpayers
THE INDIVIDUAL MANDATE WAS A REPUBLICAN DEMAND
YOUR IDEAS ARE BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD
You should wear a rubber band on your wrist and every time you say Obama in any form snap yourself, real hard. A great way to break a habit.
That's $225 a person.
And what percentage of those people live in states that accepted Medicare expansion? You can't sabotage something and claim it failed.
You make it sound like people who can't afford insurance should pay fines that pay for other people who can't afford insurance.
20% corporate tax.  20% flat tax.  ONE $10K direct full deduction for USA, no employee FICA, HSAs from birth.
I was one of them and I didn't mind.  The only thing I wish was that YOU had expanded medicare so I could be covered.
