Omg, all you've been tweeting about this all week. How about you take a stand to 45's behavior & the detrimental health care replacement!
I hope you watched YOUR president's latest tweet of his violence. Label yourself an enabler! Totally disgusting!
While you are at it why don't you cowards do something about the @POTUS ? His behavior is abhorrent& violent .
I've read good ideas from@SenTedCruz,@RandPaul,@SenMikeLee.  Do what's right 4 USA. Universal HC isn't it. #FullRepeal! #UnitedForFreedom!
Doing a wrong thing is worse than doing nothing... #FreeEnterprise #Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom #NoReplace
is just trying to avoid his constituents by running away to DC. He doesn't answer the phone or hold town halls. #coward
allright Mr.CHicken. yeah GrifterPotus and I LOVE name calling U voted for T so.. #MrChicken.have a town Hall LISTEN to people UR Voted OUT
Desperate attempt to show Kochs that u r doing their bidding. Stop preening for publicity and listen to us, who pay your healthcare, btw.
Proud? A term I am sure you have not heard from any of your constituents.
What a bunch of COWARDS. Obviously, none of you want to face your constituents in a town hall.
Perdue has proven to be a failure as a leader.  Refusing 2 meet In Atl for town hall! Not doing his job!
#get-it-done
Please vote to repeal NOW and replace LATER. Thank you!
You have already failed us. A healthcare package worse than the crippled ACA?  Worse than the AHCA?  What the hell are Republicans thinking?
Sad old Chicken.. wheres your HC coming from? hmm the Gov?  Amoral Hypocrite! MrCHICKEN! U R VOTED OUT
Why is a bipartisan solution the last resort rather than the first? Asking for a country.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! #NO Trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
Strengthen your resolve to screw the poor.  Take away their healthcare so you can shower the rich with tax cuts they don't need.
You are failing the people of GA by supporting trump and this bad legislation. #trumpcare #healthcarebill #ga #atlanta #dekalb
Senator Perdue, you are forever a "trump toadie"... stop hiding behind out troops. What are your ideas for improving ACA
He has none.

Reagan sums it up! Socialism has never worked IN ANY FORM! Get the government all the way out! #FullRepeal #noreplacement #unitedforfreedom 
#FullRepeal was promised to the people keep your promises #UnitedForFreedom
Too late...YOU are a failure...a failure of conscience & common decency, of the very Christian values you proclaim yourself to espouse.
READ THIS AND TELL ME WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU.
But it is a good reason to not meet or listen to your constituents. If we have to wait for success to have town halls, it could be a while
get to "work".. Killing your people? AHCA WealthCARE$$$$ MrChicken UR soo Vile leave soon well help By Voting U OUT
Failure of our democracy is not an option. When are u going 2 stand up 2 Trump. No 2 partisan politics!
Why not listen to your constituents? This bill HURTS my family our premiums will INCREASE!!
The GOP ran on full repeal. Get on with it or get out. #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal on socialized healthcare in America. #UnitedForFreedom
@sendavidperdue totally agree that the senate should cancel the recess.  To find a good solution on healthcare - not just vote on repeal.
Health care is a right not a privilege. You an your family get health care coverage for life.
Are you just afraid to go home? Be honest.
You Never respond to your constituents Senator only your own caucus members
If failure is not an option: come home,listen to ur constituents,do ur job&vote no on this tax cut disguised as healthcare. @sendavidperdue
Ten GOP senators were the latest to join the chorus asking GOP leadership to save them from angry voters by cancelling the Aug recess.
We will find the names of all Patriotic Senators, Dave.  Any Senator that does not support you will be labeled and drummed out of the GOP.
I'm liking the suggestion of @POTUS to #REPEALObamacare now & worry about fixing it later. Better yet, let FREE MARKET fix it! #FullRepeal
Sorry can't talk to constituents.  Working hard.  So hard. So hard. So hard. To take away their healthcare.
Failure is your only legacy. #ImpeachTrump  or #Resign, or defect to Russia...
#TownHall You are a failure! Your constituents have asked again & again for you to hold a townhall with them, but you don't want to leave DC
Proud to say you're my Senator !
@ajc senator, really digging how you only will represent elite wealthy donors, but not everyday Georgians. #coward
@ajc Anytime your up for meeting fellow Georgians to present and review policies, we arr happy to join you.
@ajc Senator, time to Take Responsibility for your "guy" DJT and calling him to account for the disgusting goof he is.
Senator, when will you "Man Up" and start representing Georgians. Please please please have a pair, and start leading !
YOUR WH is a mess!! FOul PoTUS GRIfter U put in OFFICE!! U are OUT! Voted OUT
I feel like you're smelling a fart in that photo. Were you smelling a fart in that photo? Was it your fart? #WhoFarted
Perhaps you should use the recess to see what those whom you represent (actual humans in GA) want. Then we can help you stop failing?
45 is not your boss-we are.   Where is your moral compass as our "leader" embarrasses the country with his tweets
Senator Perdue-you have already failed by it listening to your constituents with calls or town hall meetings
Proud to have you representing Georgians.
Thank you Senator Perdue for thinking of America first. True Patriot.
Why give the military $600B a year to protect us when you're willing to let us die from treatable diseases and ailments?
Nice try especially when it makes you look good with nothing to lose. Tell us specifically what YOUR position is on the healthcare bill
You aren't getting anything done as it stands. Avoiding your constituents won't change that.
Spearhead #TermLimits
The current ACA iS destabilized by the President refusal to commit honoring existing law- illegal?  Do you care?  Town Hall in order I think
I am pleased u see this as serious as I am impacted daily in state of GA by Drs. Refusing to accept my policy because I bought off exchange.
Using courts to FIX crooked GA voting; it WILL be your last term. You have no idea what's been unleashed in GA. Say hello to #resistance.
They are afraid to go home.
Please reconsider, please come and hold a town hall and hear our concerns.
When was the last time you took questions from constituents in an open setting?
Ten GOP senators were the latest to join the chorus asking GOP leadership to save them from angry voters by cancelling the Aug recess.
How do you not understand that your loyalty is supposed to be to your constituents, not your party's agenda? When can we meet to discuss?
You need to come Home and speak  to your constituents it's been awhile.we have a lot to discuss
If you are in DC hold public hearings and floor debates. If not, hold town halls in Georgia.
Loser Republican afraid of a town hall. As weak as Trump
Know I suggested before, but, JUST repeal as of 9/1/2018. FORCE BOTH parties to come to the table..ON the record, prior to our votes in Nov
Good job.
You should come home and listen to what Georgians need. You might find out that people are human beings and not profit-making business units
How brave of you and fellow senators to shorten the time to meet with your constiituents. We know you want to avoid hearing about Trumpcare
You vote for that awful trumpcare bill,  Georgia voters like myself will help you see your way out of senators office! We promise! U suck
Failing to adequate serve the people you were elected to serve in lieu of serving big money donors is an option, though? #CorruptGOP
Will you use the time in August to hold PUBLIC HEARINGS on the healthcare bill or will it all be done in secrecy?
Ten GOP senators were the latest to join the chorus asking GOP leadership to save them from angry voters by cancelling the Aug recess.
Outstanding "lead from the front" approach by Georgia Senator David Perdue.  It takes real guts to take on the August recess "sacred cow."
Use that time to connect with Georgians. Say no to repeal without a viable fair replacement. Tax cuts for the rich is not the way to go.
You want to stay in DC & continue to do nothing & try to destroy America to benefit of the top 5%, instead of meeting with your constituents
You just don't want to spend that much time in your home state, you may have to interact with constituents and we all know you avoid that.
Perdue you continue to support this Trump and GOP clueless platform and you will not only be out of office you will be facing charges
As you work to represent all constituents in GA, I respectfully request a series of #TownHalls during the July recess. Please! Let's talk!
U look hungover in that pic? How much do U n Johnny drink on the hill?
Thank you Senator Perdue!   Hello @JohnnyIsakson @SenatorIsakson don't you work for us?
Seriously how much money have you pocketed?    How much money will you receive if this bill passes.  @CNN @MSNBC @washingtonpost @funder
U have 0 credibility as u continue to support the #FakePresident & destruction of our country Come back & do ur job for GA voters #TownHall
You're boys at ALEC really want you to do their bidding quick.  You are a tool
If you pass Trumpcare, that will be a failure for the American People. Which you claim is not an option. Clearly you don't care.
You better stop and think first!  We don't want McConnell's plan.  Do the right thing!
Thank You. FYI
Congress will work 147/365 days in 2017 &
worked 131/365 in 2016.
You haven't had a town hall all year, haven't called back or responded to any emails & faxes. What do u know?
So grateful you are willing to do what the people hugged you to do - work!  Keep moving #foreverforward #115th #congress @GOP
I think your definition of "failure" may be different from your constituents'
Instead you should probably come back & talk to us, your constituents before voting on this controversial & blatantly bad healthcare bill.
