so  when you voted no on everything put forth by Democrats, that wasn't Partisan politics. #hypocrite
Ask Perdue why he won't meet with Georgians and keeps hiding from us? Oh the partisan games he plays!
Your hypocrisy is showing.
Isn't that the pot calling the kettle black? What did republicans do to Garland?
Hypocrisy
shameless
So what do you call the GOP's refusal to give Merrill Garland a hearing. If you are unsure, it is the ultimate example of partisan politics!
Too bad that your @GOP set the standard for this type of behavior
As it should not have been last year.
What a hypocrite!  "Partisan politics" is your middle name.
...he says after refusing hearing Merrick Garland. Hypocrite.
really? Because you failed to even bring a vote for Garland.
Reveal your call tallies! Listen to your constituents - No to Gorsuch!
Tell that to Merrick Garland
Yet you didn't even want to meet with Garland you cowardly, party-over-country, hypocrite.
Two words: Merrick Garland. Is there no limit to your hypocrisy?
You've turned arrogance into an artform. Your tweets are extremely partisan...and  absurd.
As your constituent, I am appalled by the blatant hypocrisy of this statement given #GOP refusal to consider #Garland. GA deserves better
and what was Merrick Garland?  #shameful
Partisan politics is killing America! It is time to build consensus and heal our wounds. Work together to #MAG
Jesus had the most wrath for hypocrites. You are no Christian.
Hypocrit
It's hypocritical for you to talk about partisan politics after you refused to give Merrick Garland a hearing or a vote or to even meet him!
Oh like refusing to meet with the nominee or hold a hearing?  You are a hypocrite and a coward.
Partisan politics prevented Garland's due hearing. #hypocrite. #BlameRepublicans
Excuse me, but what do you call your placing party over country in support of #gopHypocrisy and #DonTheCon? You will end paying politically
Too late. You Republicans started it last year when you would not even give Obama's pick a hearing. Why is that so difficult to grasp?
Practice what you preach @sendavidperdue you have a short memory of all the republican partisanship the last 8 years
it's easy to say when your party in power.... this would have meant more when you were in minority
#stolenseat Where was this magnanimous attitude with #MerrickGarland ?
Since you sold everyone's browser history, maybe account's been hacked by a cynical partisan. Hope you can find out what went wrong.
You Republicans have the memory of a goldfish. Hypocrites
Are you freaking kidding me? How do you sleep at night?
Said one of the most partisan, traitorous senators, Trump's bosum buddy. What are your own Russian connections?
Does this mean you regret your treatment of #Garland? #StopGorsuch
Oppose Gorsuch
Agreed! But Reps started this messy business, why complain now? Where was your morals this time last year !?!
True. Republicans really shouldn't have blocked Garland from ever even getting a hearing. You're lucky Democrats have cooperated this far
God knows republicans don't deserve it. Nor do republicans have a mandate backing up anything they do. Keep pissing people off = r strategy
Supporting this nominee is partisan politics in the worse way and we will not forget when u run for reelection Your base will not be enough!
You sure we're partisan in determining a highly qualified Garland. #hypocrisy
Merrick Garland. Ring a bell? #hypocrisy #resist #Trumprussia
Hypocrite! I just cannot believe you can say these things and not see your own hypocrisy. You're an embarrassment, Senator.
You are right. Just because a republican nominates does not mean a republican should confirm.  Vote no, he does not belong on highest court.
Didn't you use partisan politics to keep Merrick Garland from even getting a vote? Shame!
Too late!  You could reach across the aisle and be non partisan and be a real change maker.  Waiting for someone to try!
You can't be serious with this, right?
Seriously? Hypocrite.
David, I'm going to pretend that you mean what you said. Yes! Country over party! You should advise & consent on Judge Garland. Good for you
Oh, jk- you're telling the Dems to roll over & give in so you don't vote party line, support the nuclear option & ruin the senate. Got it.
You're a real piece of work! Do what your constituents want! Do your damn job and quit being a puppet! Don't do you'll be voted out 
I agree with your headline. If you do too, support the supermajority rule that requires bipartisanship. Actions speak louder than words.
are you kidding me? You wouldn't even hold a hearing on Merrick Garland - don't insult my inteligence
Where was this attitude a year ago?! #shameful #resist #StopGorsuch
You are playing partisan politics you #hypocrite #GarlandNotGorsuch #Georgia #voter #here
Really, two words Merrick Garland and your party filibustered 52 times in the last administration.
You set the tone by refusing to hear Garland. You reap what you sow buddy.  Get ready for a rough few years. Oh and Impeach Trump.
The hypocrisy of this situation is just amazing to me. As an outsider...this is what drives my friends and people back home absolutely mad.
Dear David, This seems be a new stance for you. I wouldn't want to call you a hypocrite, but if the shoe fits, you can wear it. #OneandDone
Maybe you could start by not voting down party lines?
Then he's done and no need for nuclear option. Move on to someone both parties can come together on. End of story
Merrick Garland
I'll totally be the 10,000 GA voter to shout "Merrick Garland" at you, Senator
@POTUS is under fed investigation for collusion with Russia! We should reject all his noms!
#StolenSeat
So are you denying partisan politics did not play a role in the Senate's refusal to take a vote on Judge Garland! #hypocrite
You should prob get checked for dementia if you don't remember that YOU did this EXACT SAME THING w/ Garland!
Is... is this for real?? @sendavidperdue you are one of the most staunchly partisan politicians I've ever seen. Pot, meet kettle.
Senator, your hypocrisy knows no bounds.
You mean like what y'all did to Merrick Garland?  We're not stupid and we do remember. ##StopGorsuch #DoYourJob #VoteThemOut
So you want the dems to do what you would not?  #garland
Agree. You and the rest of the Senate should have confirmed Merrick Garland. You were dishonorable and derelict in duty.
You guys are so full of sh!t
You and the rest of republicans started it with Garland! Gorsuch must not be confirmed.
Oh, the hypocrisy! Do you sometimes worry you'll burst into flames when you make such false statements? #TrumpRussiaCollusion
You are one to talk about partisan politics!
Now it's partisan politics...shame on you.
Will you ever return to your Georgia district and meet with your constituency, the folks who voted for you, or do we need to come to DC?
And yet, you were more than willing to practice partisan politics against Merrick Garland. Without even a hint of decency.
You are correct. You should make a motion before the senate to vote down Gorsuch and hold a hearing for Merrick Garland.
The stakes are bigger here. There is a lack of trust due to the #TrumpRussiaCollusion issue.
They sure stood in the way of y'all giving a fair hearing to Judge Garland.
Does this apply to your total disregard of Mr. Obama's nominee Merritt Garland? You are an empty suit!
