Amen !!! Great inspiring speech !!! 
I am inspired to vomit.
Go Vomit in another country
I wish I could!
Nothing is stopping you, no need to wish.
Would you pay for my flight?
Yes as long as you never come back
Thank you for your generosity. Could you extend your kindness to everyone around you, instead of just me?
I believed in America before @POTUS took office.
@POTUS has a backbone because he yells, degrades, and lies?
The Hill (@thehill) Tweeted:
Stephen Miller caught sleeping during White House meeting on school safety http://hill.cm/uza6bIJ   https://twitter.com/thehill/status/968289856278450176?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E3 …
Shout outs:


And the winner is:
Mr. President , what a speech. You are the best president in my 47 years.  much love for you sir
also you made my 82 year old father in law cry. Before he leaves this world he wanted to see a pres. Like you. Thank you
WHO WOULD UPHOLD ALL HIS BELIEFS IN BIGOTRIES!!
That's new to my ears and eyes, watch a different news channel
I believe in naps. You need one.
Stephen Miller acts like a self-loathing gay man, which is apparent he is I am willing to bet. He sure acts like one. He should come to terms with his homosexuality and he might quit being so angry and hostile towards the citizens of this country.
What an ass!
Old man  at 32 falling asleep on the job
U up? 
Hey, there's good news: you still have a reflection:
Ikr!? I didn't believe it either.
I thank God every day that twits like you really don’t matter.   We all need to keep perspective.    You are unimportant.   Your high school and college class mates knew this about you.   The country needs to understand it now.
Mr. President you hit the ball out of the ballpark
*As soon as you are removed from office...I will be able to believe in AMERICA's greatness again!!!* Seriously.
Amen brother
Great Job Mr. PRESIDENT!!!!! We thank you for everything you're doing to put this country back in place! @realDonaldTrump
We do...we believe were going to throw all of this corrupt cabinet in jail where you all belong.....70 Million strong and growing ..#TheResistanceVOTES  and we Vote Democrat
hurry along, sad little man, you'll be the top bitch in jail, pick out a big buff WHITE Daddy to protect you. pathetic. LAUGHABLE!!!!
No a Big Black One 
one of the best speeches ever !!! Feeling very proud.
YES
They're going to just love you in prison boy.
We are in deep shit Bubba! If you guys can´t get this shit tight by reins. You can´t allow Rosenfag, & the gang to be grabbing you by the balls! Fire this son of a bicth @POTUS. The @FBI knows what time it is for the agency as a whole! Lets pray we got some brothers on the inside
How can we “believe in America”, when the America we know, the America we grew up in, the America we love is being destroyed by the #TrumpAdmin? Once the Don is gone, then and only then, will it be possible to believe, once more, in America.

Next time you go on tv to talk about your views don't do Drugs! Drugs are for #losers...
Poor snowflake can’t stay awake was up all night on Grindr.
You believe in racism and hate Miller.
Not bloody likely, @StephenMillerAL as long as you're still around.  We need a lot less white power in this country.  Go home!
"Stephen Miller, senior adviser to Donald Trump, nods off as the president speaks about ways to combat mass shootings at high schools at the White House on Monday."
And naps. Naps are good. 

Pretty sure every president has fucking said this. Big whoop.
Great Speech Trump thank you for making our voices heard
Not ALL American voices.
He actually speaks for LESS THAN HALF OF US.
I believe in myself, I believe in America,  but I can't  believe in you cos you LIE!
I'm so proud of my country & @POTUS . God bless America.
What in the hell are you proud of?  #ashamedoftrump
This week it's cutting CIA programs funding ISIS & training them. You want a week to week or just trolling a tweet from 2/28/17 because...
Russian troll
Typical response from a politically uneducated twitter twat "Russian troll" Skolkolvo,Sberbank & Joule Unlimited.

Awesome!
Look who's sleeping on the job while trumpito is speaking?  It's you, an unqualifed white nationalist

Trump's Senior policy adviser Stephen Miller, the man responsible to recommending policy to the President of the United States, cares so much about the Parkland shooting that he fell asleep during this meeting earlier…
You're implying that we didn't believe prior to now.
maybe there is a large community of Americans who have been disheartened or even damaged by previous administration
Maybe? But I thought he was talking to all Americans.
Thank u Mr. Miller for smacking Jake Crapper this morning. I am delighted that you defended Trump on this DESPICABLE anti Trump show. Finally someone who has 

I never stopped believing. I am concerned about the mental state of our president.
you mean the one that just left office
PeeWee Herman could not have come up with a better comeback line.
you must crack yourself up
no need, I have plenty of people like you to crack me up.
lol, you're too funny. Don't quit your day job. You do work, don't you?
silly, only conservatives work, you know that.
I believe America was conned by this snake oil salesman time to vote DEM in 2018. Take back the house!
most of us have believed in America all along. Even with YOU running it, I believe in America, because YOU do not represent us
believe you can be IMPEACHED
Are you feeling alright ?Go to sleep!
DON'T HATE, HELP
I stand by #mypresident!!!
I do believe in America.  I believe in it despite you and everything you stand for.
don't hate, HELP
you must be tweeting this to POTUS, right?  And Stephen Miller and Steve Bannon?  We all make mistakes.
Wow out side the box. You need a vacation from crazy
@Hope2Pete @dcan2001 @tsplanets @WhiteHouse
I believe in God. That said, though, America was founded by God. May we repent to Him and still be that light.
America was founded by God? Ooooooookaaaaayyy then 
If anyone believes this Country was founded by God and they voted for Trump then the devil has fooled them. They listened to and accepted the serpents lies, bought into the deception, devoured the apple and welcome it all into their lives.
Well, I'd swear you're both paid Soros bots but at least the otter seems to know what a resistor is. 
I know Ohm’s Law too.  If Mr. Soros wants to send me some of his spare change, I wouldn’t complain, but I kinda doubt that’s going to happen. 
I’m not a Soros Bot I’m a Siri’s Bot . But I will tell you I am a believer in Christ and I see a liar and fool when when they stand in front of me or speak. I ask for discernment and commonsense in prayer may I suggest you do the samebefore you
Be well @lunchadora41 be well! @cautiousotter 
Whatever you do, don't fall asleep when the meeting is about children being killed with NRA backed guns.
Amerika not America, yah?
You have dead eyes.
We know they have the cures we are worthy and deserving of those cures #ReleaseTheCures
That’s rich coming from a White Supremacist sitting in the White House of the United States of America. #nazi
Steven Miller is a disgusting PRICKKK
YOU SICK FFUUCCKK, GET OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE!! #IMPEACHTRUMP #MRGA 
President Trump, if you stay on this course in opposition to what YOU PROMISED and you've lost my vote: http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2018/02/09/steve-bannon-terrible-betrayal-trump-offer-path-citizenship-sotu/ … #RepresentativeGovernment #NoDACA
Well, at least Tiny @POTUS doesn’t have to worry about any spousal abuse claims against you.
Gonna Getcha
Haven’t heard much from you lately, you little nazi
you must have been bullied as a child.
We want the unredacted memo! #unredacted memo
Tomorrow morning?
https://politics.theonion.com/stephen-miller-rewards-self-after-day-of-speechwriting-1822562453/amp?__twitter_impression=true …
Trump was right to ask loyalty of everyone around him since every paper from Guardian, Vanity Fair, & even National Geographic were runnin articles about mutiny in WH once Trump got in WH & leaks proved it. New to politics & tried to destroy him before got started @jeffsessions
Is this you Steven? Are you one of these men? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kapo_(concentration_camp) … 
I am so sad for the future you suggest.
Steve what’s your take on these Dems not coming to SOUA do you think they are doing there job and should Trump have an impromptu press conference releasing memo on illegal activities by Obama justice department just before SOUA put media in a frenzy
Let Mexico take care of their citizens and their citizens children it is NOT Americans responsibility we will vote Republicans out right along with Democrats
Are you the one behind giving amnesty to criminal foreign citizens, letting them keep jobs that rightfully belong to Americans and letting businesses import cheap labor instead of hiring Americans . Remember we can vote you traitors out .

As a Hispanic I did not vote for Trump to give amnesty to illegals. Trump and the GOP are in the wrong size of the voters. This is a losing agenda!
we need a thousand more like Stephen Miller helping to run our country
as long as your white,creepy looking,and no heart.
Hi Stephen.  1.8 million of illegal immigrants are still too much.  Need to cut half out.. We must know why you want to keep DACA...  We are never voted...We are never asked...We are never approved..  thats why illegal immigrants should not sneaked in America from back door ..

The world is watching. Do not forget immigrants built the country. Unless you can trace your lineage to one of the Native people's. You ARE an immigrant. Go get your robe and hood you are late for your cross burning.
1.8 Million becoming citizens is called AMNESTY! You tell your BOSS that is NOT what he promised ! #IllegalTrojanHorse
u r 1 Scary Muther Fuggin POS....WOW   Watch Samantha Bee's Scathing Look at Trump Staffer Stephen Miller
#SMillerwhitesupremacist Racists have no place in America in 2018. #bluewaveiscoming
We janitors have more right to look down on you than you do on us. We know your nasty secrets we clean up after you.
You shame California. Fuck off, you worthless shitstain. From a white American janitor
"Students are carrying around their documents "just in case" they get detained by ICE. Their parents are making contingency plans for child care and finances in case of detainment. 
The parallels to 1937 Germany are stunning." Mr. Miller, your power will end in regret.
This is only your America, and mistaken all along.
I believe in th FBI
NOT until we clamp down on ILLEGALS, PLESAE RESPECT US LEGAL IMMIGRANTS,  NO AMNESTY FOR ILLEGALS, NO VOTING RIGHTS.  DACA n DREAMERS MUST GO THROUGH MERIT-BASED EVALUATION TO STAY. DEPORT THE CRIMINALS.
You are a BUM

HE SHOUD TAKE 5th.. EXPOSE THE FBI & DOJ
I believe you shitbirds are all getting fired or indicted.
By the way...hear it was you and John Kelly making presidential decisions in the WH recently.  I don't recall that either of your names were on the ballot. Let the POTUS do his job - failure or not.
No one needs to tell me that. "Make America Great Again" doesn't apply because America was ALREADY great. I don't know why you think it takes this admin to make it great. It became great when immigrants came to America after the Revolutionary War. This administration is a scar
This steve miller looks half ass human in collage, what happened?? he looks like gay KGB agent.
SICK!
#STEPHENMILLERHATESALLMINORITIES TRUMP DOESN'T LIKE YOU'RE STEALING HIS THUNDER. PEOPLE SAY YOU'RE THE BLAME FOR TRUMPS RACSIT GROWTH. DON'T GET ME WRONG HE'S A RACSIT BUT YOU'RE THE TOP RACSIT IN THE ALL WHITE HOUSE. HA!
helvíti bíður þér  الجحيم ينتظر لك exspectat inferno sunt, quia satanas facit waitimg I’m glad to speak different language in my ancestors Natives Americans country
I’ll believe in #AMERICA America once again when Trump is gone, and all of his remnants have vanished from #Washington —remnants such as #StephenMiller #JeffSessions #MikePence #TomCotton and the like.
Miller’s brother: A Jewish college student was brutally murdered by his white supremacist high school classmate in Los Angeles.
Who let pee -wee Herman in the White House .honestly I have never seen a bigger stiff in my life .. you must of been bullied as a kid
This just in Stephen miller has a new ranking in the White House .. official rank wiener of the White House .

You’re a tool miller.
You are as SLEAZY as they come, and I hope they throw the key away!
...Not possible while the Manchurian Candidate is in office!

.@StephenMillerAL You and your boss are a disgrace and embarrassment to America. Come 11/06/2018 we WILL make sure that embarrassment is removed and rectified. #Impeach45 #DumpTrump #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
No one ever stopped believing in America!
https://www.polityke.com/archives/2018/1/22/lindsey-graham-blames- … We believe your days at the WH are numbered.

#ImpeachTrumpNow
We deserve better.
YOU ARE NOT THE PRES. @realDonaldTrump is.  You're not his mouth piece.  You don't speak for the majority of the country.  LEAVE!
Can someone, for the of love god, backhand this little punk?
I believe in reincarnation...
Believe in America? Not any more. Not with this hateful, elitist cabal of self-indulged, arrogant and worthless excuses for "leaders" defining the White House staff. You are all in it for power and personal enrichment and would happily execute opponents on the South Lawn.
Stephen Miller is a NAZI.
“The visionary lies to himself, the liar only to others.” 
 ― Friedrich Nietzsche
#BoycottStateOfTheUnion #BoycottStateOfTheUnion
Get out of the way of a bipartisan deal that includes DACA. What is the matter with you?? You should be ashamed of your behavior!
Stephen Miller @StephenMillerAL IS NOT the problem, he is the solution. He is doing THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE WHO PUT @realDonaldTrump IN OFFICE. 

When did Lindsay Graham turn injun and become part of the problem and become a Democrat?
I believe you were fortunate to have had family who was allowed to migrate here and prosper. DACA deserves as much. It really is unfortunate that you harbor so much resentment for Latino immigrants. You reek of racism, the very thing that drove your family to seek refuge in USA,
My family came here in 1902. Ellis Island. Thank god they did. My dad would have been a Hitler youth if not. Stephen Miller looks like a Hitler youth. Damnnnnn. He really does!
At 31, you already look like Mr Burns. Must be all that clean living.
Looks like he has abandoned this account. His last tweet was February, 2017. Hmm...
@StephenMillerAL get lost you POS , you are a disgrace
#Impeach45 you must go too Steven Miller this government shutdown is all on you
Hey you should be fired. We don't need two racists in the white house.
Stephen, keep up the fight! 

#NoDACANoDeal 
#NoAmnesty 
#NoAmnestyEver 

We don’t need a wall bad enough that we have to give these illegals amnesty. Let’s fix immigration first and toss these illegals the F out of our country.
#TRUMPPENCESHUTDOWN

Don't you mean a white America. #resist
@GOP REJECTS DEAL 2 REOPEN GOVERNMENT! #TrumpShutdown
BREAKING: GOP leadership rejects deal to open the government supported by Republican Senators Alexander, Collins, Corker, Flake, Graham, Murkowski, and others...and even RAND PAUL!!! Blame is easy to assign with this smoking gun  https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/955230332147699714 …
Oh Stephen Miller,clearly u don't want the #TrumpShutdown 2 end but it won't buy u time.Remember when EVERY1 in the WH,including @realDonaldTrump got SUCKERED last week?Mueller & IC dangled Bannon as BAIT & U ALL TOOK IT!A deal on #DACA & #CHIP may delay @GOP PRISON a few days.


#FireMiller
#TrumpShutdown
YOU ARE GOING TO BE FIRED.
I HAVE BEEN TOLD.
#SchumerShutdown 
#ReleaseTheMemo
Believe in yourselves...if you're white.
Believe in your future...if you're white.
And believe once more...in a white America.
Hey, Stevie-GO BACK TO SANTA MONICA.
Stephen Miller is the reason for the government shutdown!!
LMAO right.......

As long as you are WHITE right?
Evil Men Reside Inside The Whitehouse. Nazi's have been defeated before they will be defeated again.

Do you know you look like a halloween costume  not good looking at all
#trumpshutdown
Sessions and Miller:


