Another positive move so I expect the democrats in our GOP will obstruct this.
GOP must support president or you don't get my vote in 2020
Trump has empowered ICE to do it's job and they are doing it.  Dems can't lead and won't follow, so, BUILD THE WALL.
In case you're from a different planet most illegal FLY here.

Nobody is going to come here when we're a freaking nuclear wasteland.  But go ahead, keep rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic. 

Another bad idea that's been refuted by majority of reputable economists. Healthcare, taxes, immigration - GOP is morally bankrupt.
Losing interest in  your tweets--you lie as much as Donnie does.  You don't listen to your constituents anyway so why waste my time.
We'll you dissed President George w. Bush when he tried.
Every state should be required to purge voter rolls 6 months before an election, federal, state, county, city. Simple if kept up to date

If needed, I support updating the immigration system, but #RAISE is just a way of turning away those people that Republicans see as inferior
You do know the Raise Act will prevent any future Mrs. Trump from entering the country.....
Bigot.
The qualifications you designed are appalling. SAD
THIS IS THE USA LAND OF THE FREE IDIOTS, ask the trum family after being EXILED from Germany they were welcomed here! SO SHOULD OTHER
It's not an evolution it's a devolution in the progress that the country is supposed to make
You guys are like so smart I am impressed
There appears to be no end to this nuttiness to placate you 33% base

Aspects of U.S Legal Immigration system we all should be aware of.  @SenTomCotton & @sendavidperdue #Fairness4Legals https://www.cato.org/blog/ten-irrational-infuriating-aspects-us-legal-immigration …
I HATE THE TRUMP FAMILY AND THE CROOKED @GOP DOESNT MEAN I HATE ALL GERMANS OR POLITICIANS
WHAT ABOUT JOBS THAT US CITIZENS DON,T HAVE THE SKILLS?
It's time to stop the #tangerineterrorist at 1600 PA Ave from starting WW3 with a tweet! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Where "update" should read "lock-down" and "doing just that" should read "strangling our economy for political gain".
There's a psychopath in the White House. You put him there.
It's not. You and many of your colleagues, & your buddy in the WH wouldn't even be allowed into the country. #NoBanNoWall
So you'll crack down on businesses hiring them illegally, charge big fines, remove motivation to come here? Hire more to process legally?

The high tech industry will not survive only on American workers. America does not support college education. Fix education first.
That's not true. At the very least immigrants should have to be paid higher wages. Make them as high as Americans and we'll see!
Great, but will it pass? My bet is it won't!! Republican Congress can't stomach change!! Retired Special Agent/veteran
How about keeping your damn promise to Repeal Obamacare. You devils need to suffer under this law as we cash-cow plebes do!
Make immigration great again! USA citizenship is a coveted privilege the world over & #WeThePeople have a right to CHOOSE the BEST to #MAGA!
You are worried about Mexicans that have been Americans for years when we are near War, what is wrong with you???
This is an excellent bill that puts Americans first.
#GOP is lying 2 American CITIZENS. U support ILLEGAL immigration. You lied under Reagan when U said amnesty was a one-time reprieve. LIARS!
We the people do not want you representing us. Traitor!
Trump is threatening nuclear war and your worried about immigration? Use amendment 25 and let Pence run the country.
This tweet seems credible @POTUS
Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
YOU WOULDN'T KNOW IMMIGRATION IF IT LANDED ON YOUR NOSE.
YOUR IDEA OF IMMIGRATION IS FEAR. 
I AM ASHAMED TO BE AN AMERICAN.
Can We The People deport Trump and family back to Germany? I'm sure Angela would know what to do with them!! 
No replace plan  lie about climate change  tell us 1 truth we'll wait
You mean race act most GOPutin members say doesn't have a  chance in hell but keep trying like repeal & replace for 8 yrs NO PLAN  liars
GOP are looking for more rich donors, only way to get in under this system is to pay for citizenship, welcome to Trump's America.
Over 90% of the congress couldn't meet the criteria for a green card. You idiots, what are you thinking of?
Until the RINO's are out... contribute ONLY to the campaigns of true Republicans!
I believe it needs updating too. If you are not a Native American Indian you must declare yourself an immigrant apply with Indian nation
There are no "Native Americans", ya knuckle head, they just got here a little earlier than the rest of us. LEARN & grow intellectually #MAGA
Well , it's nice to see a trumpett pull their heads out of their ass's long enough to breath real. You don't look like an American Indian
The alternative is to raise taxes to pay for welfare and food stamps for every indigent, terrorist & felon who makes it across our borders.
If US citizens do not qualify their immigration criteria, what makes you think anyone would??  This is simply to isolate us like North Korea
Not my GOP!
Got a love racism and intolerance in our policies. Now that's making America great.
I support the raise act so I know the GOP will cop out

Tom Cotton the Con - Paid over a million dollars to sabotage the Iran deal!
Still working on building a future based on fear of others, I see.
Tom Cotton was paid $2.5 million by pro Israel groups - He doesn't work for his constituents!
Stupid rules.....
accept the fact your fellow senators will not work for this President.  Put someone who likes to work and take charge to replace Mr. Spite
A basic macroeconomics class should have taught these people that this is a bad idea. Do they not teach macro at Trump U?
What? That makes no sense what so ever. Go feed your BS to your sheep. they'll love working for less
Idk, other countries have strict laws as well. Why aren't people crying about them?
Make it simple, if they want to become American citizens they can stay, if not get out!
Yes, isolationism & xenophobia are the retreats of the narrow minded uneducated.  #ImpeachTrump #GOPLies
Trump Immigration policy is give me your valuables and RAISE your hands over your head.
RAISE act is terrible for the economy. It won't help Americans. Any research would tell you that. It also goes against American values. Sad
Way to b raicist
Really? Immigration us what you're working on while your Dear Leader is threatening nuclear war?
It's nice to know that this is what is concerning you while we're on the brink of nuclear war.
Please get rid of McConnell to get GOP donations back up.  He is the cog in the wheel on delivering the Trump agenda.
Udate? You are shutting the door in the face of people who believe in the American dream.
Two of a kind
INTOLERANCE GALORE.

SCHADENFREUDE ON THE BASES OF BIGOTRY 

WE SHALL NOT ALLOW THIS TO PASS.
Love the RAISE Act
Why not reduce by 75% or better yet. Why not STOP ALL IMMIGRATION for a few years!
I didn't qualify according to the guidelines...I image @tomcottonar wouldn't either.
See if you can pass the test

Yay! Let's make racial and class discrimination and bigotry into a law. That's the GOP for you.
Make soldiers out of illegal immigrants. Make them pass a citizenship test and send them to war for one year.
Send #Trumpanzees to war....that would MAGA.
DOA - put something realistic together! @WhiteHouse @GOP
RIP @GOP in 2018
Bill Trump
Lets go a step further...
Lets start looking at the countries of origin of all our politicians and determine wich ones are here illegally.
What flavor of hate are you pushing today?

Be prepared, there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
REAALLY I AM 8TH GENERATION AMERICAN MY FAMILY AND I COULD NOT PASS YOUR IMMIGRATIN TEST I AM COMBAT VET
Good job  but some Democrats and Republicans want to get illegal to work in their businesses so they don't have to pay a good wage pelosi
Hey, be sure to let your buddy Trump know that Guam is a US territory and we have assets there.
Why didnt Republican leadership inform  about  as our IC communities confidence grew? #TrumpRussia
NEVER FORGET that in September, McConnell reportedly rejected calls for a unified front against Russia & cast doubt on the intelligence. 5/ 
@GOP has proven unable to lead.
So have Democrats Democrats have not done nothing in 8 years except try to destroy our country
Time to update the expatriation system.
Yes, we only want intelligent, rich, white immigrants.
Are you paying attention at all? Reign in your jackass before he further endangers the world.
Foolish waste of time and resources. When do the jobs start ?
Now use majority to vote it or resign if not on team agenda as elected
My wife moved to America and she could speak English, because she was from England
That means trump tower staff cut in half.

 
its time to replace the dumpster. the old draft dodger is talking fire and brim stone, since he knows he will be sit safe at home.

White guys showing off their own racism
I agree

Sigh

1) Fox & Friends reports on classified intel; 2) Nikki Haley (rightly) refuses to discuss classified intel on air; 3) Trump tweets about it. 
I assume top immigration priority will be given to white Russians who provide dirt on HRC for Donald's campaign.

Trump retweeted this story, which features anonymous officials sharing presumably classified intel https://twitter.com/foxandfriends/status/894858253573738496 …

.@POTUS' rhetoric more alarming than rpts of miniaturization. Big hurdles to nuke strike against US but his provocations ↑ risk of conflict.
Enforcing existing laws and deporting illegals would be a good start along with closing sanctuary cities


Trump tweets Fox News report based on intel leak after threatening reporters who publish leaks: http://hill.cm/7zaxMBp  
the dumpster is the main leaker, look him up!
It's also time 2 update our senate seats with senators who will get behind our president. Funds won't keep pouring if they don't get with it
Very true
Sure, its cool to pay $14 for a pint of strawberries.
Update..its time to follow the law period. Deport illegals and give American taxpapers a break, give victims of their crimes a break.
#RAISEAct #Immigration @usedgov @TheDemocrats @GOP Am I the only one who sees this as an indictment upon our school systems and colleges?
Our school systems are lousy especially when you have Democrats brainwashing our children




#NoRefugeeBan #NoTravelBan
I support the RAISE Act!
Racists-disgraceful!

On average, 9 mosques have been targeted every month this year http://cnn.it/2nfRn7O  #TakeOnHate
Fake news
LONG OVER DUE!
#NoMuslimBanEver
.@keithellison on Trump's silence on mosque bombing: "When leaders stand silent...may be interpreted as condoning" 
Like Obama's silence when police officers & servicemen were killed !
#NoRaiseAct
Poor immigrants are the least likely group to use welfare, despite Trump’s claims - Vox  https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/8/4/16094684/trump-immigrants-welfare …
Does not matter is they're less likely. They're here ILLEGALLY. They must go. U.S. is $20 trillion in debt. CA has $500 billion debt.
The U.S. does not allow Americans to obtain those high level degrees without mortgaging houses. #Education not #RAISEAct
Or we could do something about this do nothing Congress. Hmm.
Congress does nothing anyway
Have you tried Canada immigration point calculator online? Or United Kingdom immigration rules? They do exist regardless of your ignorance.
CORRECTION : RACE Act
It is time for us that put you there, to replace you at the next election...
When will the GOP denounce the conman traitor money launderer they've nominated? Why is it taking so long?

New York's @AGSchneiderman is taking steps to stop ICE raids in state courthouses 

‘Apply by fax’: Before it can hire foreign workers, Trump’s Mar-a-Lago Club advertises at home — briefly https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/apply-by-fax-before-it-can-hire-foreign-workers-trumps-mar-a-lago-club-advertises-at-home--briefly/2017/08/07/7198576c-792f-11e7-9eac-d56bd5568db8_story.html …
Dear @GOP your silence re: Trumps N. Korean machismo madness may kill 1000's of innocents ... actually same as your stance on Health Care.
That's not an update. It's a regression. Have you read the damn thing?
While your @POTUS pig starts a war with North Korea?
Doesn't matter if we're all dead.
Trump threatens North Korea with fire, fury, and power, "the likes of which the world has never seen before." http://atfp.co/2umlFui 
