I have reviewed & run the numbers in concert with our demographics, RAISE threatens US economy, bipartisan solutions always bring best laws
Unfortunately, facts don't matter to these folks.
Yes Mr Purdue, push it through. We need this to be done, and thank you for all your hard work
@foxandfriends ? So it's only defensible if you're in a softball forum...
Every time you praise Trump I want to vomit.
Faux News is hiring and we're firing. Take note.
Pro-nativist, pro-racist, and pro-xenophobe.
WRONG! Bad idea, PERIOD!
Nah, son.
Good idea, Purd. A good ole fashioned plague or famine would free up a lotta jobs, too. Advocate that!
He's working on that too by wanting to steal millions of people's insurance.
Purd the Turd is a busy man these days!
Projecting ignorance and consorting with the #CrookedDonald will be your undoing.
It's not "pro" anything...but it does give you a way to raise your public profile. Thinking about a higher level office, hmmm?
this is the most anti-family thing anyone can ever propose regarding immigration!
This idea is crazy and will be disastrous.
This is an excellent plan for the American worker!
Senator Perdue, now that you r on recess when t u going to meet with Atl constituents to explain your positions.Your cowardice is shameful!
Your plan leaves no one to pick peaches,blueberries, onions...  Who will clean @POTUS 's hotels?
When and where was it proven to work?
We believe you. Thank You
Bull, I've never been so ashamed of my Congressman.  This will decimate business that you supposedly support.  Shame on you!
This is a wonderful piece of legislation. Thanks to you @SenTomCotton & @POTUS! This will be much better for U.S. economy.
Potential immigrants must have job offer w/salary of at least $78K...that's $20K more than median income for US. Makes no sense.
Where is your proof that it works? any research to show that, Waiting for your response .......
This has zero chance. It has Perdue and 1 other sponser
How about get rid of hb1 visas and educate Americans to do those jobs!
Blocking this man. Guess he doesn't understand that he represents The People
You'd have to show me the proof! Besides you don't care about the people in Ga and our growth just the growth in your bank account!
So out if the replies I've read, only two support your position. Sounds like you don't really represent your constituents.
#FireHannity
This is great for people selling visas at $500k a pop. Artificially reduce supply of visas & now people will pay 5 times as much. Cha-Ching!
And you'll only take the softballs they throw at you on FOX. Embarrassing that no other Senators signed on as sponsors. DOA in the Senate.
Don't agree with this statement or what you are trying to pass.
You're still on the wrong side of history.
Nonsense Perdue! GA farmers and hotels are hurt by your shameful racist proposal! Mara Lago immigrant employees are calling you a phony!
Pathetic. Lies and more lies from Perdue and Fox.  This proposal hurts GA + all of America.  Quit pandering to your uneducated followers.
Never provided links to economic or sociological studies to back that up like I requested. I am a Georgia voter.
Just seems pro-white-man to the majority of the country. You and your trump-worshippers are quite the xenophobic bunch. #UnAmerican
Your immigration policy doesn't represent Georgia or American values.
Looking forward to voting against you #OneTermer
You forgot pro-bigotry and the antithesis to our country's values.  Thankfully your R colleagues say no.
Good job
You will find yourself on the wrong side of history #TrumpSycophant
Special Counsel Mueller impanels Washington grand jury in Russia probe.  Praise God, David!
Thank you Senator! You have this Georgian's vote!
This immigration plan is anti-agriculture, anti-tourism and anti-housing. Your bill will cripple the GA rural economy. #repealPurdue
Any comment @sendavidperdue or @SenatorIsakson? I thought your primary objective was to represent GA's best interests
Of course we missed it. Nobody in their right mind watches fox&fiends. They should be banned too but #fireHannity #fireHannity #fireHannity
Engineers and college professor are complaining that HIb visas are lowering their pay.Professors complaining they have to train replacement
Total unemployment including u6 above 10% 200,000, 7-10% 400,000, 5-7 % 500,000 , below 5% 6-800,000 that's how it should work
Why don't you do something productive to benefit GA & USA instead proposing a bill to appeal to the alt-right which won't get 60 votes?
5% or below excellent economy, 5-7% terrible 7-10% disaster,above 10% is a crisis . Total unemployment we have crisis .
I agree with everything except totals . With unemployment and u6 numbers your about 12 % unemployed .
You might get more biting If you had a fluctuating admission rate based on unemployment .
This immigration system you are proposing is pro-racism, pro-classism, and it's proven to be wrong.
All for immigration reform but  bill will take good paying jobs from Americans because in my experience foreigners have better work ethic.

Ur proposed immigration system is racist and immoral. But that's exactly who u are.
You do not represent all Christians Georgians and/or Americans. Most Canadians see diversity as a strength and so do many Americans.

Bullshit.
Bullshit!! It's nothing but an attempt to impose racist laws to the books
You have a forked tongue! 
"GOP Sen. David Perdue blames Obamacare for leaving behind 300,000 Georgians" http://www.politifact.com/georgia/statements/2017/aug/03/david-perdue/gop-senator-david-perdue-blames-obamacare-leaving-/ … #Politifact
I still want to know what RAISE gives 15 pts to Olympic athletes.  How is that pro-worker, pro-growth?
And anti-agriculture in Georgia!
Perdue - you still trust Trump?
You're as full of it as Trump is. We see through your ignorant backward ways
It is unAmerican, unchristian, and a waste of my money. My grandparents were Italian immigrants, speaking little english.
And anti-human, anti-Christ, and anti-American spirit. You're a throwback to Lindburg and the anti-immigrant forces of 29s and 30s.
Why aren't you going after the companies that are hiring illegal immigrants? That's how you free up jobs for Americans and legal immigrants!
Your just as racist as your pal @realDonaldTrump
Why do most economists say it will slow growth? Can you explain this discrepancy at an in person town hall? I live in Lawrenceville.
Actually, @sendavidperdue, it's motivated by xenophobia and works against immigrants who contribute to the Georgia economy. #gapol #resist
can gop congress pass immigration reform bill??
Smh you're pathetic! Ur own GA farmers are not for this. The trumps file paperwork to hire foreign workers 4 their props. Pure hypocrisy
Where were you several years ago when there weren't enough workers to harvest the crops because GA cracked down on immigrants? #Dumbshit
Soooo are you going to pick produce because there is no one else to do it? Americans won't do those jobs, too lazy.
Agree BUT this will not affect illegal immigration or seasonal temporary work visas!  Need to stop Middle Eastern immig n help folks in L Am
Does your pal Trump know that you want to cut back on the workers he can hire at his properties?
Stevie Miller said this would not affect them. Trump can hire as many as he wants for mar a lardo and his other properties.
No it's not it's going to badly hurt Georgia's  agriculture. And you know it. U are nothing but a TRUMP lapdog. 2018 going to be bad yr 4  U
BS. Lets check how many immigrants Trump's resorts have working there. How much he is paying them?
Work for whom? Or should I assume based all prior advocacy, old rich white men?
Stop telling ppl things that are demonstrably untrue. Fact is better than fiction, even if it contradicts belief. Know better to do better.
False
You forgot pro-white only.
Not just pro-white (and it is); it reeks of fascism dressed up real nice.  I've said it before:  Perdue is an empty suit  in love w/ Trump.
You think you can get 60 votes!!  You would get more votes for Impeachment of Trump than this stupid bill!

Your program is based on erroneous assumptions and is bad for America. That's why it's DOA.
#Resist
#NoBanNoWallNoRaids
#Georgia is tired of your lies Perdue. This immigration plan is pure garbage.
Its Racist just like you
David , don’t you know that the majority of your district is what you just called the left liberal ? Your out on your ass next year
Actually the immigration system U R proposing is unamerican & bigoted. HOLD A #TownHall or #Resign u do not represent #GA
it's racist and against family. You don't represent me. Voting you out in 2020
ANOTHER reason insurance costs are HIGH - CORP PREDATORS buy “Dead Peasant Insurance” to PROFIT off dead employees. http://www.deadpeasantinsurance.com/which-employers-bought-policies-on-the-lives-of-employees/ …
This new bill is un-American! I would not be here if you HAD to speak English for a green card. Who will do the jobs that Americans refuse .
Any program that reduces the total number of immigrants is anti economic growth. The US birthrate is just too low without immigration.
Republicans in several states are lowering the minimum wage — yes, you read that right!
The immigration system you are proposing will devastate Georgia agriculture and tourism. But you don't actually care about that do you?
He's a multi millionaire. Why would he care?
Well that's debatable. What's not debateable is it is not pro-family or moral
