Wonder if the Comey memos will help my senator to protect our democracy? Ask for the resignation of this dictator. #fakepresident
But Donald Trump isn't a dictator and he was democratically elected as President
He was elected to be President, he is trying his best to dismantle that office, trying to assert himself as a dictator.  #fakepresident
Yet to be a dictator one person must have complete control of every area of the government. I don't think that is going on in America
We are witnessing 1st hand how dictatorships happen. It starts w/ undermining the govt's checks & balances, lying & intimidating opposition
But he hasn't undermined the system of checks and balances whatsoever
Correct: Only the branches of govt that provide checks and balances to the Executive branch. Executive branch is still A-OK!
Be very careful not to drive your ducks to the wrong pond.
Can you say "special investigation"???
#FakePresident
Why are you defending Trump so fervently? Something smells like fermented potatoes. Is it your financial interests? #crook
Well I guess your constituents know we can't count on you to hold the president accountable. #nointegrity #2020
none at all
History will not be kind to those of you siding with Mr. Trump.
Vote for Sally in 2020
Here's the point: Russia is a foreign enemy that tampered with our Democratic process. Trump's closeness to them is not acceptable. #Treason
TOWN HALL NOW!
Why don't you hold your blind support until we know all the facts?
Can't believe you are throwing away any legacy you may have had for this president.  The house of cards is falling.  See ya
Are you a Georgia senator or a Fox Correspondent?  No credibility.  Bad for Georgia.
Besides firing the lead investigator?
Nice try, but McCabe was stating that Coney's firing didn't impede the investigation. We see thru your pathetic attempt to twist the truth.
ASKING the FBI director not to do his job and then FIRING him for doing it  isnt impeding the investigation?.RU stupid or do U think we R?
always responding with his head in the sand... wake up already, @sendavidperdue
That's it. I'm sharing this on Facebook to show my connected, activist friends you are our next target after we elect ossoff.
Yes!!!!! I'm with you. @sendavidperdue does not represent this Georgian.
You still doubling down?
I hope you enjoy your first & only term as a senator.If you can or won't see trump's appoint an independent prosecutor. They are impartial.
Dude, it is *really* time to unhitch your wagon.
Lots of crying from #resistance -  #KEEPUPTHEGOODWORK sir, for #MakingAmericaGreatAgain you get our #Georgia family vote! #draintheswamp
Can't wait to vote against you, David.
Too bad one can't tar and feather politicians any more
So you're saying McCabe is a liar?
Little did he realize the President had asked his old boss to shut it down...
I am one of your constituents, and I want you to support the impeachment of President Trump. He is clearly guilty of obstruction of justice
Don't be obtuse!
IMPEACH on the grounds of obstruction of justice.
And I voted for you because you were not a politician, what a lost vote
I'm guessing he was unaware of the memo. And he's talking about since Comey was fired. Wait!
@sendavidperdue Keep building your record of support for corrupt Trump. . .Your election is in 2020, and the Dems can use this against you
Thank you for looking through all the liberal BS. Stand strong with our @POTUS.
Grow a spine. Right now you are complicit and enabling this incompetent manchild's treasonous way
You are so out of touch it's insulting. Here's some #wednesdaywisdom for you, stop tweeting bullshit and start standing up for America
Outside of Trump asking Comey to halt the investigation and then firing him for not doing so.
Hold a townhall, Senator. And do your job.
I was waiting for the part where you say this is "deeply troubling."  But, then I remembered this is @sendavidperdue
Poor job of trolling David. Just like you do in your Senate work. You'll see this again when you run again. You're supporting a criminal.
Apparently you pledged loyalty to a man and not the country.  Shameful.
Senator. Check the transcript. I think you are inferring something broad using a selective quote from an answer to a very narrow question.
You're gonna have to wear a lot of jean jackets to fool people into voting for you again.
Maybe Dave can ask impeached President Trump to campaign for him
Loyal to your guy til the end, waiting for rewards that won't come. Sad!
Senator David Perduped
Except for firing the FBI Director
We see you, Senator. You lost the Civil War. You're going to lose this one. And this time,  no Klan. No Jim Crow. Watch us.
Independent Investigation Now! Be American
Quit being a stooge and get on board and ask for an investigation.
Well, that settles it then. No need for an objective investigation ... Not. I'm disappointed in you as my Senator.
You will be finding yourself on the wrong side of history. Party before country, money before constituents.
I should have bet money you saying this. Time and again, you show what a disconnected party shill you are. Reprehensible. #GOPtoady #gapol
The President obstructed ad attempted to interefere. That needs addressing,  regardless of outcome of investigation of previous crimes.
.Keep trying to defend this goon. He's going and you are too. This is what happens when you put party before country. We will see you out.
If the Dems weren't so hysterical I might believe some of this craziness but since @POTUS was a Constitutional Crisis on day 1 more proof!
Except for firing the former director during an investigation! What if Clinton did this!?
This is your worst tweet yet. Rome is burning Senator. But you stay there in your safe space and let the adults handle it.
Still backing your beloved führer, I see. Such a #disgrace to the great state of GA.
You in on this Russian thing or just kissing ass? #sitdown #guesswhosnotgettingreelected
Thank you for reminding ppl of the truth. The media have been extremely dishonest in their attempt to bring Pres Trump down!
Pay no attention to these Dem operative trolls. We know what this really is, an effort to bring Pres & GOP agenda down!
I'm so glad my senator supports our president!
Are you implying McCabe or Comey is lying?
Stand firm with him. Your constituents well back you
Are you going to be defending him all the way up until he's convicted? Do you think Georgians won't remember how craven you've been?
Then you should be fine with an Independent Commission to investigate Trump's ties to Russia - nothing to hide, right?
You are detached and out of touch from from your constituents! Come face us in a town hall meeting so we can can bring you back to reality!
Our investigation not Comey's, McCabe was only speaking for himself
Son, best advice to you is continue doing what you've been doing: hide, be quiet and ride how far that "R" by your name gets you.
That was about the investigation into Russian interference in the election. Did you even read the @nytimes article? This was about Flynn.
Please proceed, Senator.
This will not go well for your career unless you quickly honor your oath to the Constitution. (That is your only oath as our Senator, yes?)
You are the literal worst.
As if we didn't already know where your partisan localities are, this really takes the cake and shows how disconnected you are from reality.
Voting for a crooked and weak feminist  like Hillary and her crooked campaign that screwed over a candidate (bernie) who has no guts
Of course not. Trump just fired Comey, made vague threats to Comey, shared intelligence with the Russians, lied about it, then admitted it.
Don't listen to these Obama trolls
Thank you!!!!
That was a life time ago. Get with the program.
You're on the wrong side of history. We will remember you supported a POTUS that put our nation's security & independence at risk.
Your ship is sinking. Hope you know how to tread water. See you in 2020, Senator.
WOW.

Going down with the traitorous ship, huh? You are a man w/ no morals at all. RESIGN.
little did he know...
Senator, this statement  is disingenuous, as anyone who actually clicks on the link can confirm. You will go down with @POTUS, soon, I hope!
Last night, McMaster said the story was false. Who said it was true today? 

Your buddy Trump.
You are not very good at this.
your GA constituents will not forget your ties to Trump and your many attempts to evade us. We can't wait for 2020.
oh stop it, you're ridiculous. Hold a town hall, do your job. Enough tv shows and photo ops. Resign if you don't wanna do it
Dear @sendavidperdue -- you are five days behind.
you are on the wrong side of this and as a constituent and a Georgian, please put our country before your party #comey #FBI
Don't ruin your career defending Trump.
Don't worry he won't. This man represents us and our values and culture well #usa
who is "us?" what are your "values and culture?"
What info do they have on you? Because that's the only logical explanation for your position.
Disgusting. How do you sleep at night?
Remember, it's not a lie if YOU believe it.
You're supposed to be an American. That should be ahead of Republican. You only seem to care about Republican Land.
And Russia, obviously.
Where is your outrage as an American? You are on the wrong side of history and your constituents will remember this
Whatever you have to tell yourself to sleep at night you impotent coward.

"To date". Perhaps he hadn't had time to review everything.
More evidence that you don't have to be real smart to make a lot of money. Its seems as if any idiot can be a billionaire. (?) #TaxReturns
It is called "DIDN'T GO AS "IMPULSIVELY PLANNED" obstructing justice. #POTUS POWER PLAY, I PRAY IT IS CALLED NOT WINNING #Impeach #WAKEUP
Disgrace.
THIS is your comment on the horrorshow that is now taking place??? That is offensive. Are you even paying attention? Country b/f politics.
Use your own words to tell us you don't care.
Well clearly, he was misinformed as are you. The truth needs to come out. You might want to rethink your position.
Senator Perdue, u r with us or with them (Russia). Time to take a stand!
Too late. He's either dumb or one of them.
Thank you!
We get it - party before country!  I'll never vote Republican again!!
You never have.
You're ruining their narrative David!
Just because he wasn't privy to the details doesn't mean it didn't happen.
You're on the wrong side of this one Perdue
