And pocket the savings by shifting tax relief to millionaires and billionaires! How much do you stand to make on the "tax relief"?
To what end? So corporations can destroy our environment and enjoy huge tax breaks which will never benefit me or the middle class?
He's fighting to cut his own taxes & that of his billionaire cabinet. Why do GA's health & environment matter so little to you?
There is something seriously wrong with you.  I am praying that Georgians vote you out of office.  #TurnGABlue
Wow this is your idea of constituent engagement ! Please start doing the work of all Georgians, not just wealthy whites
Nope. Half Truths are still lies
Hahaha! Lies!!!!
Why aren't you listening to your constituents? Why do you want to go down in history as supporting evil?
Dear Sen Purdue's social media aide, please read twitter responses to your boss - he is so monumentally out of touch.
Be nice if your job was downsized.
You're the worst!
Defend this.Don has made a "career" of not paying.His freaking insecure ego over God & Country as usual.
how dare 
you claim success when it's on the backs of kids and the sick.
Not with this POS funding bill from Ryan!!!!!
some of that "4 billion saved" meant  soldiers went without child care and our vets had less help at the VA. Research
He's only for veterans when it suits him (lines his pockets).
Where are the facts to back this up? Prove it.
3rd recess & 3rd no-show with constituents in ATL! We need to downsize you! Your job performance is shamefully poor & u should be fired now!
You don't fool us, David. Overturning these regulations meant nothing. WIll not help jobs or economy. When will you stand up to Trump?
#TruthTrumpsLies
He's also fighting to change history & proliferate lies. Can't wait to see how you support YOUR president on this one @sendavidperdue
I will never vote for you.
Trump is fighting paranoid delusions obstruction of justice w help from passive GOP dufuses like @sendavidperdue at 39% #gapol #galeg
Short-sighted, harmful repeals of environmental protections is more like it.  These are bad decisions which will harm the economy.
The house AHCA is garbage.  It does not offer what Trump promised, and the jerk pushed it.  WTF?  Medicare-For-All is what we need.
Yes but who is going to represent the people and stand up against corporate greed?
How is it harmful to protect our water & air, keep kids healthy by offering prenatal care, and child well-care? Y'all @SenateGOP are awful.
I'd really like to know if you actually believe the nonsense that comes out of your mouth and appears on your Twitter feed.
And you are hiding from your constituents!!  Too Chicken to have a town hall!!
yaay, mining cos  now don't have to worry about causing acid mine runoff.  That is really great for the environment. thx 4 support  #MAGA?
@sendavidperdue , do you see a trend to these comments?  You are NOT representing your constituents.
Since you "represent" the people of GA, it would be a good idea to listen to us! Apparently padding your bank acct is more important to you.
@sendavidperdue @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan paraphrasing Joe Wilson "You All Lie"
Harmful regulations?! Forcing mining companies not to dump in rivers is harmful?! Wtf is wrong with you? Stop sitting in 45's lap!
Your man @realDonaldTrump is like a cartoon villain who's out to destroy everything good about the USA. The MAJORITY despise him.
saving money to build a useless wall? Get real!
Which regulations?  What were their impact?
You want to save the Gov money? How about booting the Golfer-in-Chief/Russian Agent/Money Launderer. He's stealing more than feds can waste!
Where is the proof of this and what is the cost to the American people? Nothing is free in this world
He should start by making Congress pay for their health plans, like the rest of us
I really really really really wish you weren't my senator. Really!
....and he continually lies! Let him continue eating that fabulous cake, that he remembers more than the county he bombed. Sad!
He is reducing our access to healthy air and water. He is wasting our $ on golf, vaca and walls. #TrumpRussia. This is a sinking ship.
Who is the inter that made that media? Did you downsize too? It's unprofessional just like about anything Trump is doing
David, we are not stupid. This guy has been on vacation 20% of his presidency & we are paying for that.  It's ok to admit you were so wrong.
Downsizing legislators who don't work on behalf of their constituents is a plan I can support. @POTUS is a complete and utter failure
Unfortunately, he is doing it indiscriminately. And you can support this?! Pity our children and grandchildren.
Oh bullshit! Let's stop blaming Obama and do your job!
Which might almost cover the cost of protecting him and his family over the next 4 years.
Sources plz #exaggeration

I would also like for you to explain "harmful" in this context
Trump has a 39% approval rating. Maybe spend Sunday humbly praising Jesus who has a 100% approval rating. Just sayin'
I mean the man does make golden idols in his own image (or at least name). The penitent man kneels before God not DT.
#ruiningamericaonedayatatime
So clean-water is harmful regulation? Not all of us can afford to have our water imported in bottle form.
Removing regulations that protect Georgia citizens from rats like you and the president? Sure, keep trying.
2/ Your constituents are fighting to significantly downsize the scope of your career.
1/You might sound remotely believable if you didn't promote federal government's involvement in my life, health, & reproductive choices.
#PerdueFail #Georgia 
No air to breath, no clean water, no healthcare, no jobs, no education, no healthy foods, no money, NO REPRESENTATION
#PerdueFail
Trump & his criminal grifter family are fleecing America, robbing treasury, pimping the presidency while you & @GOP do nothing!
actually he, you, & GOP are destroying this country. #traitortrump #trumprussia #gopcollusion #impeachtrump #resist
@All100Senators @POTUS Regulations =PROTECTIONS for workers, wages, environment, consumers,...our KIDS #GOPHypocrisy
Yay! 90,000 more asthma attacks in kids and 3,600 more deaths! More lead poisoning and less Ga contractor jobs!
Good. That's why I voted for him and you!
no worries if you happen to have been protected by any of these regulations or departments
Yeah, and funnel all of OUR MONEY into his pockets & that of his cronies. Regulations SAVE LIVES. You only care about yourself & we know it
Glad to see it
Trump and the republicans are implementing their plan to loot the treasury. Stop lying to us. We know you are complicit.
