it is all "fake" to try and slip things through the cracks!! We will continue to #resist
You're kidding!
TWO OF A KIND
Senator a recap is nice but I want 2 see you working on our Presidents agenda! No More Status Quo in DC!
UhHuh. Where are the specifics? Esp with healthcare. What about Russia- biggest concern for Nat'l Security BS
Wake up- DT is a menace to America.  Do not normalize him.
My state woot woot
Great speech. Now you Senators get to work implementing his agenda and confirm his cabinet. Work faster, better.
.@WhiteHouse @sendavidperdue 
Didn't he do that for 18 months on the campaign trail?
When will we actually see any accomplishments?
1st it's only been 40 days what did Obozo do in 8yrs 2nd he doesn't have his appointments Dems fault
but only for the rich, screw everybody else
You clearly have a comprehension deficit It's ppl like you that are the problem & create division
right back attcha
 I got the discussion/point. You didn't. 
Vision? More like a pipe dream, economic mobility for billionaires
there is NOTHING optimistic in a xenophobic, racist, militaristic agenda
Manufacturers said they need trained workers.  Was there mention of investment in workforce?  No....
Support Trump!!
how about you share the reviews of @TheDemocrats or the majority of Americans? Stop normalizing hate and fear tactics. #Facts
That word optimistic is used so much.  A talking point, meaning nothing.  SHAME ON YOUR LYING!
A vacuous #JointAddress -- apart from the bullying, of course.
dave perdue will not face voters in town halls, don't expect re-election
one without any details of plans; just a lot of blah blah
this address 2 the Nation never has details it's an overview as things getting done more speeches
just another southern drawl tool of the money pig insurance execs that own you too, shameful.
you need to step up to the plate and support this President that has put republicans back in power!
@DonTrumpeone @sendavidperdue  I Absolutely Loved this speech!!
I like how he's half George H. W. Bush and half haircut from the late 80s/early 90s
Shame on you. We must've been listening to different speeches. Do your job! Have a town hall.
I listened omw home from work&noticed shift from "we" mentality 2  "I" mentality.let's C how far we get w/that
Hopefully deeper inquiries into Russia connections!
you don't have my vote for your next election
big suckup
Anyone that complains about that speech is just being, pig headed.
What on earth are you talking about?
We heard 2nite SOS, fascist nationalist rant, feel gud, no specifics. Read history, David
Not impressed!POTUS did not give details about where he is getting the money from?Will this be a burden for us?
it's too bad that his executive orders say the exact opposite...Americans are waiting for the jobs/healthcare
@AC360 @VanJones68 @greta @RickSantorum @seanhannity Ivanka wrote a great speech. Let's wait & see his tweets.
You must be on the same drugs he is.
How do you define "everyone?"
It's all LIES!! Every bit of it. He's going to rip this country apart and sell us to Russia!! RESIST!!
education CHOICES? It's a right, not a choice. Just like healthcare
: He's not an optimist, he paints America today as some kind of dark dystopian Gotham. He is #PresidentCobblepot.
*~Fantastic speech Pres.Trump~from the Heart ~God Bless & keep Up the Great Spirit of America~PEACE and LOVE~*
@realDonaldTrump Sorry Senator Trump's speech sounded like a Pres Bannon speech which=Dictatorship NOT American
Same old speech, less bombastic.
Russian government. #Trumprussia
@SenSchumer CONFIRM @POTUS CABINET!  We ALL have alot of work to do for our country. Stop opposition! Help US
More lies. Stop.
Hogwash! The only ones benefitting from Trump's & the GOP policies are the wealthy & well connected. #not_fooled
what America heard was more pollution,a move to polices states,placing blame on others, and nothing about Russia
Lol ... I hope tax payers are not paying for this junk
Lies. Economic mobility for millionaires.
Yea! I say the same thing in my prayers every day. The wealthy are thankful the R will hand them a tax cut!
I think there some good swamp for sale in Louisiana

Drink more of the Koolaid.  Can he go one day without lying?  #donthecon #dontgettrumped
Same ole promises and no substance
did anyone count how many new jobs he promised? Seems like about twice the population! I only want to work 1 job
Don't you raise chickens not parrots.
Why don't you schedule a townhall to get real people's reactions?
how will any of that happen with uninformed and ignorant people in charge of the respective Departments?
& the only way to pay for his tax cuts for the wealthy & corps is to cut programs for most needy & middle class
and you believe him? Really
Loved, Loved, Loved President Trump's speech tonight!  It was spectacular!
Communist ideology disguised as American values. #russiagate
White...old...Male....
how much will all these promises cost???
45's vision empty & boastful.

glad that the GOP realizes that government spending creates jobs!  GOP mantra dead!  No tax.  Deficit explodes
a pity the senator couldn't tell us his thoughts in person last week. Town hall next time?
Optimistic visions & pessimism in the heart of non white Americans!
Trump has brought back a country for old white men....with money.
You're really sad if that's all you can see.

Tonight we heard the same things we heard during the campaign.
don't get to comfortable in your seat either.
 Trump @POTUS
what a wonderful speech! I couldn't move or take my eyes off our President!
gross
yes you are! Yay Trump !!
We love our President God bless you all
And more unicorns. Lots more unicorns.
And glitter...don't forget the glitter!
That was a great address to Congress.
coming from Perdue this means nothing.
Awesome speaks. #MAGA #AmericaFirst #TrumpJobsBack #DrainTheSwamp #PresidentTrump #ImWithYou
an outline has specific points... DeVos must be your teacher #notanoutline #JointAddress
Sounds amazing, when does it start and where does all the money come from?
The GOP likes you staying on the teleprompter, like a machine.
Yes, be a patriot!
a unifying speech. Your move Dems.
Unifying?
