I'm from GA & am disheartened at UR inability to stand up & do what's right for this country. Won't vote for U again. Ga needs real leaders.
Where is your outrage against ANTIFA and Black Lives Matter the sheriff said they were starting violence too. Can't have selective outrage
Trumps mentally unstable & world knows it. We need heros who will stand up, not DT puppets. Republicans R watching DT destroy USA & doing 0.
Then do something about Trump. Take a stand.
Include ANTIFA, N of Islam, N Black Panther Party into those groups.
Agreed but why dont you condemn #altleft violence and bigotry as well! This is an #antifa flyer
Fake. Obviously.

It is your duty to call out those that embolden the hate, racism, and bigotry by name. You MUST hold POTUS for his part in this tragedy.
Again, no comment about the President's remarks.  Not good, Senator.
Easy to condemn the KKK etc. You have not condemned @realDonaldTrump Be a leader! we elected you to do the right thing, Come'on!
That's the best tweet you've sent Sir! But please hold a Town Hall!
Then urge the House to impeach and invoke 25th amend. or GOP will be party of a Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing the nation.
If you actually felt this way, you would stand up to our President who defended Nazis & White Supremacists. Be a patriot, not a coward.
Don't attack Trump - both sides were resposponsible -end of story.  Repubs are making this into antoher 'Russia collusion' type episode -sad
You're a little late on this one...as expected
Really, Senator Purdue?  Then please explain this to 45 the president that you, sir, support
Therefore none of Trump's policies should receive a yes vote from you
So does Antifa and BLM. I voted for you. Protect our veterans' monuments and memorials.
Why have you spoken out against @realdonaldtrump's statements and position?
Thank you for your stand, Senator Perdue!  Please save our country!  IMPEACH!!
Call out the President. Show some guts. Takes no guts to make these generic statements.
I just moved back to Georgia. I am so happy to read this tweet. I wholeheartedly agree.
But they represent YOUR president. #ImpeachNow
Where is the action? Your words are hollow without action. When are you going to show moral and ethical leadership?You are looking cowardly!
Thank you Senator, but remember actions speak louder than words - especially when you have only 140 characters
Wonderful. Now are you ready to stand up against our nazi sympathizing "president"? Do what is patriotic.  @sendavidperdue
What about BLM they are just as bad
This is not enough! Denounce the president for being a Nazi sympathizer. #SayHisName #impeach
A good leader demonstrates moral & ethical values in difficult times, when not convenient. You are all talk, no action, & a hypocrite!
It starts at the top! #ImpeachTrump
I hope you stand up to the president come fall the state of Georgia does not stand with president trump
And you still stand with @realDonaldTrump? Please explain this to your constituents.
Yes and Donald trump is at the root of this evil resurgence. #ImpeachTrump
Agree.  So why do you implictly support them?
Then take a stand against Trump, Bannon, Miller and Gorka. How will history see You? Right now, it is not good.
We pray for you everyday. Keep up the great work.
Enough focus on KKK & others - get back to fixing healthcare, taxes. You all haven't delivered on what was promised & waste our resources.
Keeping minorities from voting is also an act of bigotry sir. NOT IMPRESSED BY you,from a GA voter.
You left out a few groups in that.  If you are going to attack racism, speak out against all forms. Otherwise you are fanning the flames.
Cut the outrage and denounce Trump.
So you're ok with Nazis in the white house, then?
Tax cuts for billionaires before country. SAD

Stand up for our US.

Will this be your legacy of cowardice?

Russia 

Nazis

Hatred
Thanks for FINALLY taking a stand.  Now go stand on Trump to get rid of Bannon, Gorka & Miller!!
You know why people are freaking out? Because we are now a nation without leaders. We deserve better than this gong show.
Yes those groups are horrible. So is BML and antifa. No side has a monopoly on hate.
Then condemn Trump, by name & publicly! Work to censure+impeach him. Surely the “antithesis of American” shouldn’t be POTUS.
Then repudiate Trump and his comments publicly. Most of your constituents have, why haven't you?
Will you condemn the president that prefers our country divided? #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller #ImpeachTrumpPence
It will never be enough for the left. They will continue their hatred and bigotry.  Just support the President and get the work done TY
You sound like the pot calling the kettle black.
Thank you. Now call out the man in the Oval Office who can't seem to denounce these hate groups.  No middle ground...
Thank you for your statement.  A White Nationalist and Nazi sympathizer should not be allowed to remain in the White House #ImpeachTrump
Appreciate your tweet @sendavidperdue also call for the removal of the white nationalists from Oval Office.   We should not be paying them
Senator Purdue, you supported Trump as a candidate, as GOP Nominee, and as President. You are a Racist too !
Thank you for denouncing these haters.  Now, actually do something bipartisan before POTUS ruins our democracy and values and reputation.
And the president you support thinks most of them are fine people. Your words are meaninglessness & hollow, just like your soul.
I hear you talking, but unless you hold your boss @realDonaldTrump to task, it means nothing.
we didn't need a definition. We know who they are. 
Stand up against Trump for once in your life and DENOUNCE & CONDEMN KKK
@sendavidperdue Kind words accomplish nothing. What actions are you taking against @realDonaldTrump for his behavior? Asking as a GA voter.
Condemn Trump !! The country comes first, not Trump.  Where is your loyalty?
YES, TAKE A STAND !!!! Call out Trump.  Condemn him and condemn in in public !!!
Hey! How's all the winning going? Is America great again yet? 

(Not sure how informed you are -this is sarcasm. Y'all aren't winning)
The voters are waiting for you to take a stronger stand, join @GOP and DENOUNCE @realDonaldTrump support of Racism! 25th amendment!
You need to be more of a leader for us. Demand that the President condemn those groups. We are looking to you to lead.
My Uncle Blue,Boston,GA fought Nazis.He was forever changed.For Uncle Blue &his brothers in arms & for all that is good & Holy..DO SOMETHING
Your silence is deafening! Condemn trump. We all hate KKK, neo-nazis.
Start the impeachment process against Trump if you truly believe this.  Trump is the antithesis of American patriotism.
Thank you for saying this clearly.
I missed the part where you condemned DT for his inappropriate comments.
Then denounce Trump for his association with them!
Black lives matter and other groups like them are also spewing bigotry and hate
how bout condemning the extreme alt-left too.
how about the alt left?
Talk is cheap. Do something about the white nationalist, neo nazi enabler in the wh. #ImpeachTrump
Call for Trump's resignation or impeachment NOW. #ImpeachTrump
You must put America ahead of the Republican Party.  Be brave, do what is right, and be mad as hell at @POTUS  for putting you in this mess.
Finally!
The Republican Party will be painted with the same brush as @POTUS . You must condemn @realDonaldTrump 's words and call him out.  Stand up
Yes. And Idiot-in-Chief seems okay with this? I'm not.
Don't be PC.  Speak up for our President who speaks truth about vile action of kkk n Anitfa  stand with Trump
So do you stand with America or do you stand with Trump?  History will see your bravery or your cowardice. Sincerely, a Georgia resident
Very vague statement, , but do you stand with America or do you stand with Trump?
Yes, they do. But, what about the people who quietly support them through the the social and political actions they take?
If you are suggesting our president should not support & defend neo Nazis on national tv, why don't you just say so? #neoGOP
Senator, people who sympathize with KKK, neo-Nazi, & white supremacist groups are in place at the highest levels of the White House.
I'm so laughing at all these comments
So do you have the guts to sensor or impeach?
Oh for heaven's sake! Too late!You ignored your constituents and tried cozy up to Trump at the absolute worse time-RAISE Act! Good luck.
Then impeach Trump, get Steve Bannon out of the White House, start registering members of white supremacist groups on terrorist watch list.
This ought to be a given.  If you actually want to take a stand, then name Trump and do something about him.
A true leader would make clear to his constituents that @realDonaldTrump was wrong to defend Nazis or equate them to opponents of hatred.
And you appear to be the antithesis of a person with a backbone! Stand up!
If that's the case then you MUST denouce the @POTUS since he's clearly at a min a sympathizer with the Nazi's or at worst a Nazi himself.
After hearing trump defend Nazis you still support him? If not, voters need to hear you say so. GOP has no morals left
Words are not enough. What will you do to assure POTUS is stopped from damaging the country? Stand up.
Email sent to White House AUG 15, 2017 due to race war he started (adult content, 18 and older only) https://tmblr.co/Z9YDTn2O_bON- 
This is not enough. You must publicly denounce trump. Take a stand NOW! Be a leader, not a follower!
You need to tell @realDonaldTrump that he is killing the @GOP #formerGOPvoter
I am a Georgia voter. Your support of @realDonaldTrump will not be forgotten.
Our Pres is racist - either #impeachtrump or ask him to resign. Else you're #complict.
You find the courage to tweet while the president harbors terrorists. Tweets are not leadership. Your country needs you. It's time to act.
Say @POTUS IS WRONG!!! #DoYourJob
You have this opportunity to be a HERO in the GOP. Call out @POTUS by name! You'll be amazed at the support from #NeverTrump Rep.s & Dem.s
If you actually believe this, you will stand up to the rhetoric and statements from @realDonaldTrump
Round them up, they are terrorists who need to be in Gitmo until they disavow their beliefs and swear allegiance to the Constitution.
Well, THIS only took you four days. Better than nothing I suppose...
Will you vote to impeach Trump?
This is a good start--now you gotta match your voting record to your words to prove they're not empty.
If you mean what you said, it's time to recognize that Trump is a disaster and unfit for the presidency. Impeach or impose 25th Amendment.
Impeach Trump or I'll vote for someone who will
And the president who espouses them? any thoughts?
obviously, but what do you think about the rest of the white nationalists who welcome these groups into their rally & march alongside them?
Agree; now opine on ANTIFA and BLM. Let's see how honest you are.
See @RepCharlieCrist tweet. That's done right.
We'll see how you act, how you vote.
Are you willing to condemn @realDonaldTrump for his espousal of racist ideals? If not, you are COMPLICIT.
Please work to remove Confederate monuments from Georgia and elsewhere.
Yes!!!
Your bill is basically white supremacy lite. Distance yourself from Trump if you want to be seen as credible in Georgia.
Then call out Trump for leading the charge in the wrong direction. You are all talk if you don't speak truth to power. -disgusted ATL voter
Please convey your thoughts to the president this is not the time to preach to the choir but it is the to educate the preacher
As are the groups who come in and beat the crap out of people and destroy property. Antifa and Blm, call them all out
Well said, but why do you continue to enable this miscreant of a president? Please intervene.
No different than BLM and antifa.  I understand why all hate groups get formed but do not understand why the violence.
Empty words. DO something about it. I'm Jewish & I'm a constituent. What I want: #CensureTrump #ImpeachTrump He's the neo-fascist.
Then stop working with and supporting a man who sympathizes with them!
Congratulations, you actually took longer than the president to denounce hate groups. Thanks for continuing to be spineless.
You've tied your political future to this administration and its support of white supremacists and Nazis. Voters will remember #gapol
I agree with your statement. As a Georgia voter, I ask you to intro legislation to label these terrorist groups that don't belong in USA.
Address that to @Potus. Say his name. Grow a pair.
Remind your president of that. He backpedaled his own very scripted condemnation.  Denounce Trump's remarks unless you support his hate.
So, your plans to address this are, Senator?
If you believe that, then you should have no problem calling out your racist friend by name. We'll wait.
Take a stand against the President - do something!
Then why have you not denounced the President's failure to say so? He backtracked the one denouncement he did make. Silence is deafening.
Kindly follow back 
Laura
Do something. You and the rest of the GOP stand together and take him down.
And yet the white supremacists always vote Republican. Why do they feel safer voting for you?
@realDonaldTrump clearly disagrees with you regarding the neo-Nazis.  Either you condemn his support or you are agreeing with him.
#impeachtrumpnow
Thank you very much for taking a position.  Now please condemn your Trump.
.@SenDavidPerdue @SenatorIsakson @SenateGOP stop supporting @realDonaldTrump & #WhiteSupremacy agenda! Platitudes mean zilch. #ImpeachTrump
The same goes for the president, the leader of the Republican Party
Why R U afraid to mention #antfia or #BLM as they did not get permit & brought the bats/masks & even flame throwers
At least @potus said it
What about Black Panthers Black Lives Matter Any group who raise their hands in violance or damage government property are WRONG. All groups
I agree but don't forget about BLM and Antifa getting cops killed and burning down buildings and costing millions of tax payer money
Do something! Get him out of office!
You speak...but I'm waiting to see you take ACTION! You support Trump and he has proven that HE is the antithesis of American patriotism.
Stand up to Dump!  Your career may depend on it!  Impeach Dump
Jump the Trump ship. #sinkingfast
I agree but the Antifa, BLM who are conducting violent protest is not american patriotism either. All must be condemmend for violence.
Exactly! But those who lie about the general public & @potus being part of these horrible groups are irresponsible. 1
In not condemning both sides who committed violence that day and prior you are enabling the other side. ALL hate is wrong. Wake up
U looking weak or involved. Ur Ga. is looking for our representative where r u? U have an obligation to protect us. Don't feel it. SAD
Condemning hate is step 1. Taking ACTION is step 2....3....4
Then take your fellow senators to the White House and talk to Trump. Tell him he does not represent the values of the American people.
His #REAL AGENDA is to deport foreigners and try to have a NAZI race war with everyone left. Seems like u helping him. Do and Say Something
Call out the President and show us that you are for your constituents OVER your party. Live up to the oath you took! Action over words!
Why aren't u calling out 45 for the bigot he is. Represent GA PLEASE. He just proved who he is. Somebody got to do something
Call President Trump out by name! He is dividing us more... he was totally unhinged yesterday.  I am truly worried, shocked and praying
If you believe this, then you MUST condemn Trump. This behavior cannot stand.
What do you propose to do about this? WE NEED LEADERSHIP.
So say it. Trump needs to be held accountable by name. He has a history of bigotry & GOP just stand idlely by letting him spew hatred.
Tell that to that fraud president coach an development him to  run that office im black irish an proud you guys who support that racist same
You know that song Tawk Tawk All You Do is Tawk Tawk. That song describes you and your GOP pals
So do Black Lives matter Senator! I voted for you Sir. Stop pandering to left wing media and get back to helping POTUS #MAGA! Like RAISE a 2
Wow!  You're speaking out against your master???
Tell that to the President. And then say again to him. Tell him to get back in touch when he understands it, because you own this presidency
Thank you. Please continue to condemn these hate organizations and hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for his words.
I live in GA & am glad to see this.   @realDonaldTrump supports those groups, so now take action & remove him from office.
Took you long enough. Maybe if you keep building up that spine, you can stand up to Angry Cheeto in Chief yourself on day! 
Yet the president is defending white supremacists.  Why won't GOP call him out?  Isn't this the time to #StandUp #ImpeachTheLeaderofHate
Wow.  And when the @POTUS @realDonaldTrump supports them? Speaks like them?  Then what?  THEN WHAT?
Go on...
If you believe this, then please call for the removal of white supremacists, Bannon, Miller and Gorka from the WH. #impeachtrump
Get with @SpeakerRyan and do something #ImpeachTrump
STOP THE PATSY TALK. Denounce POTUS--he stands for racism, white supremacism, and neo-Nazi. When will you start working for Georgia?!
This means nothing. Denounce POTUS; he stands for racism, white supremacists, and neo-Nazis. If you do not denounce, you are complicit
