he pulled out because he's trying to undo everything Obama did & he cares more about that than a planet ppl can actually live on.
it's fine i always hoped my children and grandchildren wouldn't ever have to look at anything green.
Shameful. Very disappointed in this decision and in your position to support POTUS once again! Future generations will suffer bc of this.
How disappointing.
#ParisAgreement #FailureToLead
How does a non binding accord with 190+ other countries = Obama overreach? Why do so many US CEO's support it?
That's a joke. It will be years before were out.
A non-binding agreement where all but 2 other countries agree cannot be overreach. Your advocating for the US to lose our leadership role.
you represent Georgia so well!! Thank you!
Yes, thank you! Us Georgians love pollution! Trash our streams! Smog masks for everyone!
Senator, serious question: Have you read the #ParisAgreement?
How embarrassing.
Overreach you say? Counting Trump EO's yet?
How's Reality Winner?
And on the same day, you chose to exit your job as our state representative. Your overreach will be dealt with at election time!
This hurts the planet, U.S., and our state. The funny thing about climate change is it literally does not care how much Fox News you watch.
You don't represent the people of GA.  Shame on you
So your role has changed from party before country hack to party before planet hack?
Short sited, Wal*Mart, Microsoft and Pittsburgh Mayor agree-just handed leadership   Of renewable energy to china and France. Shame on us!
Yeah...this is why people across the country are donating to Ossoff.
I love that like 656 people all agree that you're a boot licking yes man with no capacity for individual thought.
Yeah, how dare leader of free world want to lead in saving the planet-- talk about over reach.. while vile @gop does their best to destroy
So what did you and just indic ted Reality Winner discuss the morning she leaked documents?
An Obama-era overreach that was part of a global goal for fewer carbon emissions? We will be left behind. History (& twitter) will remember.
I have ?'s
If you cared about Georgia and its constituents, you would be condemning the ignorance of @POTUS  action.
It strikes me as odd that you are proud to join Syria and Nicaragua. The 3 of us now stand alone against the world on #climatechange. Sad.
Are you insane?
The US now joins Syria and Nicaragua as the only countries not in the accord. Wonderful company.  I can't wait to vote you out of office!
Do U, Senator, as a Georgian, believe there is some magical covering which will shield our state from the horrible effects of climate change
While the planet burns, ice caps melt, extreme weather occurs capriciously, U count the filthy lucre given in exchange 4 yr dignity & honor.
How shameless U R, Sen Perdue! U have received $184,250 from fossil fuel industry. They have paid U & now U gladly dance on their string.
Old white GOP men don't a give a shit about the future.
That China had denied him for 10yrs? Ivanka got hers as well. Russia oil in ME. Artic?  Hmmmm
That's making America great again. Come on. Why did he do this? Could it be the sudden new Trump Trademark he got
Trump handed world leadership over to China/Russia in trade & clean energy leaving America standing alone. You think
and allow a sensible, credible person who thas guts to do the right thing for the American people
How so David? The US made its own rules?  If you believe this is good for America you should resign from the Senate
Vote out Perdue in 2020!!! Let him be on the unemployment line!!
You do not represent the view of most Georgians, who actually care about our country.
Horrible short sided choice. It's fine we'll fix it all once we replace you all as leaders of this community. #soonerthanlater
Thank you Senator Perdue.
.@sendavidperdue took $184,250 from the oil industry to screw the people of Georgia.
Just confirms neither of u have read the agreement OR understand it. When even tillerson says 2stay, leaving is a special kind of stubborn
Oh my gosh you don't want clean air for your grandchildren!  They will remember this when the air is thick with haze your fault!
Just give it time.Other countries in the Accord will pull out when no one forks over any money.Just another attempt at global socialism.
I am disgusted by your blind support of a terrible national and international directive. Can not live in the past, coal is dead, move on.
Come election time Georgia will remember u @sendavidperdue & Sen. Isakson. History will remember what u all did to our country! #resist #NMP
Overreach? Literally every other country in the world except Syria and Nicaragua signed it.
Can't wait till you're gone
YES, David Perdue who once proudly prayed for  the death of America's President now proudly aligns with #Syria #Nicaragua #Georgia Proud not
"Congressional approval"
Trump bombed Syria without approval and you applauded him. When Obama wanted to do same, he had to get approval!
Planet Earth First!
Villains! All of you!
Why the f are u on my twitter feed
someone get this turd a science book
TOWN EFFING HALL! If you had have been in GA, you would know we need those protections.
Your constituents in GA were not for his decision. Please give us a legit reason why you support this decision. Let's open the dialogue.
As my senator, I truly hope you look to evidence-based facts and understand that the presidents decision was not based on reality.
what are you looking to do instead of this?  I.e. Rather than spout off negatives, what are you going to do for env?
Republican corruption and self serving pocketing of corporate money is disgusting and you're one of the worst!!  Get out of Georgia!!
@potus opted to put us at the back of the bus in the name of greed. Grow a spine senator!
That's why pretty much every intelligent civilized nation on the planet participates. But America loses intelligence with each day of Trump!
This is really just about republican hate for Obama. You all keep bringing him us as a reason for backing out.
You just stopped the world from being saved,how much can Trump destroy?We should be respecting our planet,not destroying it. #saveourplanet
This is not something to be proud of. You in Barris Georgia, as much as the president embarrasses America!
So, was it money or religion that made you sell out the future of our children and the planet WE leave them?
I will make sure my grand children and great children remember your name as they live in misery on an increasingly hostile, polluted planet
You dare to suggest that Mr Fart's decision is 'clean' when it is obviously very DIRTY!
You can't spend money you do not have to spend! Mr President Trump have made great choice!
Idiots.
How is your oil & gas business doing, Dave?
enjoy your last term as senator 
Maybe your grandchildren will be impacted
We all saw the iceberg & warned the Titanic..But Trump steered for it anyway,full steam ahead..Why?Because he wants the world to sink! #WTF
Wrong! Listen to your constituents. We want to protect the planet!
I am happy that Atlanta is one of the cities that opposes the stupidity of Washington.
You just keep proving how little you care about human life. Gross.
The fact that you approve of this just lost you my donation and vote
Today you make yourself look as un educated as #45. I wouldn't want to be in that basket
Mr. PERDUE you should have been backing the Paris Acord and #45 should have signed it.  You know as well as I do that it is right..
You are so ignorant!  Most if not all of Trump's speech was inaccurate.  How can you represent GA with so little knowledge?
@WhiteHouse @POTUS good by your done
You remind me of a sad clown who doesn't have any friends.
That means continued global warming and polluted air and water.  When will you Washington fools make the right choices?
Idiot.
Today you chose to kiss his nose instead of your children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren.
Agreed..
More like "dirty" exit. Polluting our kids future is pure evil. true #republicansagainsttrump will not stand for this. We see through lies.
Georgia is Number 1 in eco friendly businesses!  Last I checked we have no coal mines.  You are a GEORGIA senator.  Do your job!
History will prove you on the wrong side of this issue.
Your part in this evil step against our planet & our future generations: one of signatories encouraging Trump to exit #ParisAccord.
https://www.inhofe.senate.gov/download/?id=E1E34574-5655-42AA-92E8-0D23DC8C33BA&download=1 … Letter signed by 22 senators including Perdue pushing for Trump to exit #ParisAccord.
This is a disaster for the US and our standing in the world.  Greed and ignorance will destroy the US long before outside enemies can.
Boy the White House is busy, busy today retweeting support for a ridiculous move! But they must help Trumps ego! What a job!
The Paris Accord withdraw surfaces the leaders who favor the USA and American workers over the globalists, environmentalists and Europeans
You received $184,250 from oil & gas (plus ? Koch Bros dark money). Voters know the real reason for your support. God will get you for this!
Know what's funny? You bought these Likes. @TrickFreee @CORLEBRA777 Didn't he?
check this out @getoffmylawn80 - he bought his Likes!
I live in #GA09 
I appreciate your point of view.  Any plans for a #townhall ?  Please don't be afraid of your constituents.
You mean a dirty coal-cough shameful exit from us leadership in the world, handing over credibility  foresight & responsibility to China etc
Yeah breathing air n drinking clean water is truly burdensome isn't it. Ask the Chinese in their masks and the people in MI full of lead
Continuing your never ending quest to make Georgia look like an anachronism. Party above country for you. #GOP #ParisAgreement #Atlanta
This is a bad hill to die on. Enjoy the rest of your term, brotato; we'll be waiting back home to vote you out.
My representative everyone  he's lucky. He gets to die before seeing the consequences of his actions. Thanks dude!
You sir do not begin to represent the feelings of this Georgian nor do you adequately represent the facts.
There are more people working for Arby's than in the coal industry and you and POTUS have placed 3 million clean energy jobs at risk.
Shame on you!  You do not represent Georgia values.  Stop supporting this evil despot in his efforts to erase progress in USA.
THANK YOU DAVID!!!  NOW GET YOUR COLLEGUES BUST AND PASS TAX REFORM.  TALK TO YOUR COLLEGUES IN THE SENATE.  NOT MUCH TIME LEFT.
You know that Jesus will judge you for this, right?
I can't wait to vote you out of office!
BURDENSOME REGULATIONS!
Good Lord. How dare we try to save the earth!
Both of you are wrong, if it was the right decision, why did so many CEO's and others condemn the withdrawal, shame to be so dishonest 
This is not the will of Georgians. Hold a town hall and you know that. Proud to say Atlanta signed this pledge.
Backwards thinking abounds. We have lost the ability to lead, once again, as the US becomes absorbed with impotent policies.
It's a voluntary agreement & you know it. Stop invoking former admin as the reason for all your actions. It's a dog whistle. We know it.
You need to have town hall meetings instead of curated conference calls, Senator. You're a public servant, not a CEO.
Are you kidding? One more reason why I won't vote for you ever again.
Overreach? 98% of the world's countries signed onto the agreement.  It was not an executive order. Trump is the overreach queen.
You're a paid off politician who clings to the power of racism. And I'm a Georgia voter who can give campaign donations. Bye Felicia.
You are an embarrassment and astoundingly ignorant. Top entrepreneurs, scientists and world leaders disagree with you.
@WhiteHouse @POTUS fool
You're an embarrassment to the great state of Georgia. Look for us to provide you with a clean exit in 2020.
serious overreach to assume majority of GA doesn't care about the future of the planet - we see your hands on the $$
We are one of three countries out of agreement - that should be troubling.
This was a foolish choice. As your constituent I expect you to uphold the Paris climate agreement.
i will see all of you replaced with people who represent the people of this country. there truly are 2 parties patriots and traitors
I will personally fight to make certain you do not win re-election.
The #ParisAgreeement should not be the subject of petty politics 
Rather it should be based on science.
You're an ignornant man,Senator. Are you involved in Trump/Russia? Are your names on any documents of Trump/Russia? Did you take $$? TRAITOR
Obama who?
Not an overreach. A legal agreement. This is a Russian reach around though. And we are f'd.
Because you continuously ignore the will of your constituents, I will actively campaign for and financially support your opponent in 2020.
We need to select better & more educated representatives. #VoteOut
Don't you say you're a man of God? What part of this is "Godly?" It negatively impacts the poor & people of color at the highest rates
Also, why are you trying to destroy God's creation? Didn't you read in the bible about money & greed??
$ is the root of all evil #NotMySenator
You are a co-conspirator in @POTUS war on minorities & the poor! #shame
#2018iscoming. So glad your complicit inhuman traitorous ass is in a vulnerable state.
As a lifelong GA resident and home farmer, I'm disgusted by your actions. You're an embarrassment.
When other countries are doing it, but of course it's an "overreach" that Obama did it. We in GA are not stupid and will send you packing.
Your continued lack of leadership astounds. Overreach is allowing pollution of planet, destruction of food supplies b/c you are partisan.
Thank you for representing GA as well as you do. #MAGA
US sets own CO2 targets under #ParisAccord (NDCs) Ceding leadership to unelected Chinese communists doesn't help US, our children, or world
I ashamed of you.
You just became a one term senator. Georgia is a leader in emissions reduction and your dumb enough to support this? Money over people again
Wow, I am very ashamed to call you my senator. I'll be doing all I can to throw u out of office.
Clean energy grows our economy for our grandchildren, but an unstable climate will bring only hardship and poverty for our children
This was a good decision! Thank you! 
Seriously disheartened by your anti-environment stance & your unending support of @POTUS .You may be my senator, but you don't represent me
