thanks for letting us know that you're a racist like your good friend Jeff. Time to vote old white dude out.
then you are part of the problem.  For the people of GA you need to demand an impartial investigation.
He only cares about donors.  He won't respond to anyone else here in GA.
Oh I know.  Guess we will have to replace him when he's up for re-election.
We're stuck with him until 2020.
Your constituents want you to stand behind someone else or stand aside. Pick new "friends" #youworkforus #georgiaiswatching
Do NOT vote to end net neutrality. We are watching and we are voting.
U r a racist? How do you clarify: no meetings w officials to mean u met w officials? What God/Law do u 2 have?
you won't be calling them friends when they get charged with high treason and you all are accomplices #impeach
you need to check your job description. Supporting Sessions is not your job.
This isn't anything to be proud of.  You are toeing the party line for your own political gain.  #nohonor
Respectfully gentleman, lying under oath is illegal. Period!
Thank You Sen Perdue. Your direct indictment of the @TheDemocrats is right on
The way of the wicked is as darkness;they know not at what they stumble....Proverbs 4:19
@liar russia all over trumps camp.trump takes another Florida vacation at the tax payers expense
nice to know POTUS is so concerned about his show Apprentice while he's at Mar-a Lago. Conflict of interest.
Oh yea, race/privilege/hubris/politics; u should be ashamed, but that's why u r a politician-so u can getaway
Shameful support of a lying AG.  Sessions is not above the law.  He should be fired!
I am embarrassed to be your constituent. History will not judge you kindly.
do you actually tweet? I don't think so.
what deal did y'all sign w/o constituents knowledge that ties you to your seat? Your indifference screams arrogant certainty
Then you stand behind a liar. Birds of a feather. #firesessions #impeachtrump #resist
You are proud to stand behind someone who lied under oath?
people don't forget when they have meetings with Russians. Perjury is a crime.
Republicans had no problem investigating Sec Clinton without proof.
So you're going on record standing by perjury, corruption, conflicts of interest, possible treason. Good to know.
way to let your friend @jeffsessions get away with purging himself
Did you meet with the Russians, too, Senator Perdue? Do you stand with Russia or the United States?
Sessions is a little lying weasel.
You might need new friends.  Your current ones are a bad influence.  Time to represent Georgians honorably.
you should be ashamed to support this man who has a history of racism.  We can do better.
Perdue, do u even have a spine anymore? #impeachtrump #firesessions #noahca #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #resist
Then you are too proud and you are wrong, sir.
w breaking laws/violating minority BoR/racism/sexism/rape/God/Faith/humanity, & up ur ego bc u say that helps
Thank you for standing up for Sen. Sessions.
partisan politics are ruining this country. Sessions along with the Trump admin need to be fully investigated
There are more comments from concerns constituents who oppose this attorney general than likes. #justsaying #youworkforus
Thank you for supporting him!  #MAGA
thank you Senator!!
Do you ever put country over party? @jeffsessions perjured himself & ur fine with it as long as it's a Republican. Got it.
Why do you think he lied under oath?
Thank you for supporting our AG. Trump administration is under attack from the left. #MAGA
Thank you for standing up for what is Good & Right . May God be with you & in you all the days of your life 
.@sendavidperdue @jeffsessions you are both despicable men.
is a terrible man and so are you. #dumpdavid2020
are you willing to tell your constituents that you support perjury at a town hall meeting? #ethicsviolation
of course you would; 
your a crooked and deceitful chicken farmer
Investigate, don't collude.
your job is to represent your constituents, not to stand behind your friend. We demand a full investigation of your friend.
*chinhands* just curious, what dirt did the FSB dig up? Live boy or dead girl, isn't that the political joke?
Shame on you both. It's already been determined Russia put out falsehoods to sway voters to @realDonaldTrump.

Deliberate 'votes' false narrative. Not falling for it 
#CrimingWhileWhite
and we, your constituents, are embarrassed to be stuck with you! 
of course, you have no spine. You don’t represent Georgians.
We will remember this in 2020.
time to start the sedition investigation of dnc.
You're a fool to stand behind him. I will not be that foolish to stand with you at your next election.
"no one is above the law." @jeffsessions must resign! #SessionsMustResign #SessionsLied #Sessions
I am proud of the democracy that will vote you out office at the next opportunity
so Sessions will take all the flak? Stand far behind...
This is definition of good ole boys.
Seriously? So the whole perjury thing is cool because he's your homeboy?
Stay firm Sen Sessions did nothing wrong. Dems will try to pick off the cabinet one by one. Stop them.
You stand by a proven liar. What does that make you? This constituent is going to remember come votin' time!
Smart man! Thanks for your integrity.
sorry David. Step away from this man.
TY 4 speaking up & leading w integrity! @SenSchumer is as foul as his predecessor #DIGUSTING
Good man
You're a hypocrite. @jeffsessions lied under oath. His are on  Where is your integrity? Georgia is ashamed of you.
Glad you made it clear just how you really feel about the truth.  You are who you're friends with. @jeffsessions
you need to know when to step back.
Proverbs 12:26: "the righteous choose their friends carefully."
And I support voting you out of office!
Between this and @BetsyDeVosED I will actively be volunteering against you next election cycle.
you stand behind a racist and someone who lies under oath, but you refuse to meet with your constituents? Ok, we understand.
oh yeah, I forgot - you won't attend your own town halls but constituents can pay $50 to meet with you?  We will not forget!
know Georgians are watching you, and you will be voted out. Party before country is DESPICABLE.
so your cool with perjury? is perjury legal if it comes from gop?
dude whatever.. he used campaign funds to meet with russians.. why?
you are proud to stand behind dishonesty towards the American people? Got it.
And I shall be delighted to help VOTE YOU OUT!
another reason you've lost my vote #youworkforGAcitizens
Are you kidding us? As a constituent in GA, I am embarrassed and ashamed of your actions in D.C., Sen. Perdue
You need to stop worrying about who your friends are and more about serving the best interest of your country.
Good for you Sen. Perdue , I hope all the Repub Senators rally around #JeffSessions !
It's time the Senate and House Repubs get some grit in their britches and fight back for once !
Thank you Senator Perdue for standing up for reason in the midst of the hypocritical smear of a good man MAGA!
Thank you for speaking out!
Your "friend" is a treasonous perjurer. Dial it down before you ride his coattails right out of the Senate.
sounds like we should look into your ties to Russia. We are the friends we keep.
this is not sabotage!Americans expect truth from the administration. Hypocrisy is not doing anything about it!
then you are part of the problem. #corrupt #lies #russiagate
If you do not call for a Spec Council on Russia the GOP will go down in history as inept, complicit and corrupt
'Dems are singularly focused on sabotaging this new administration'? It's b/c our new govt is dismantling our democracy.
Terible time to choose party over country. I'll work extra hard for your competitor when your term is up.
then you'll lose your position next time you rerun. Put up or shut up. About that town hall?
SenatorPerdue why am I not surprised thatyou stand by anAJ whoshould legally be unmarried yet commits perjury
#LyingSessionsBeLike I committed #perjury to hide my #treason against #USA #SpinelessPurdueBeLike We Cool Bro
so sad I voted for you, Senator Perdue. Can't wait to change that
Finally, we did not send you to destroy the environment, reward your rich friends or ignore us. That's what you are doing.
you should be ashamed.  And angry - frankly.  Because now you look stupid.
You are an obstructionist. The Founders would not have condoned your delay on a vote on Garland. That was improper and gross
I just made it through your disgusting comments. You are the hypocrite. Senator McCaskill was not under oath. Sessions was.
Your "friend" #Sessions bribe you for your support like your "friend" #deVos did? What part of yourself won't you sell?
We, your constituents, would love to speak with at a town hall
Meet your constituents & represent them rather than putting #PartybeforeCountry Your #hypocracy is showing, sir. #DoYourJob!
are you, really? You make me hang my head in shame that you represent me. You're pathetic.
Thank you, Senator!
thanks for putting country above party.
Thank you Senator Perdue this is a witch hunt.
I decided I'd better save a screenshot of this tweet.  One never knows when it might become inconvenient.
WHAT!!!!!!
: Thank you for your support of AG Sessions. I expect that from you and appreciate your support for Jeff & Pres
thanks for speaking out
You are not very choosy about friends, are you?
Mr. Perdue. Will you WALK behind him when he runs out of D.C.?  #investigatetrump & his beards. #indivisible
Standing behind your friends is fine, but not when it comes at the expense of your constituents (incl.me).
It saddens me to see you putting party over country. Georgia deserves better representation.
So not proud to be a Georgia resident right now. All corrupt Reps we have! Ugh.
ashamed to be your constituent. Should we set the example to our kids that lying is wrong?
, don't listen to these paid OFA/Obama paid trolls
, great job!!!
I hope you stand behind him on the unemployment line
I cannot believe you represent me.
And for this, you will be voted out of the senate in your next election
your voters will be reminded of your support to Sessions when your relection rolls around!  #resistance
I predict eventual regret over this tweet.
are you serious right now? You should be ashamed of yourself.
God Bless You sir!
Lie then pray, the republican way.
thanks for having some guts.
Keep holding on and see where that leads you.
Please, stand behind him all the way to jail. Perjury is a crime, and the USAG perjuring himself is despicable
How about standing for your constituents instead.@jeffsessions
Mr Perdue you will be #VotedOut
"definite proof that Russians changed a single vote from Hillary Clinton to Donald Trump"? Not the goal of investigation.
How about standing behind your country instead?
please update your resume. Georgians will assist you in finding a new career path.
stand for what is truth and transparent. Do your job
because you are a liar too!
you are clueless.
"The wise man learns more from his enemies than the fool does from his friends."  - Ben Franklin
Siding w/Russia? So unamerican! Saving screenshot of tweet b/c you'll delete it later. Stop tweeting!
You are ridiculous!  We looked at recall laws today and learned that we Georgians can't recall you, sad!
Apparently, you're hopeful we will forget come Election Day. We won't. You embarrass us and shame yourself.
although not surprising,  it is unfortunate that you put your friend and party before your country.
Spot on, Senator Perdue!  Stand strong against this corrupt & immoral minority party. Rise up for AG Sessions!
you are supporting a traitor. Can't wait to vote you out.
and your good friend Vlad. #investigateRussia
WOW, thanks for providing the video of you supporting perjury, trying to shift the blame. GA will remember
Did he also bribe you with $23,400 like DeVos did?

You are corrupt.
#proud
The AG lied under oath. He should resign. You should demand it. Did he pay you like DeVoS did? Or did Russia?
there is PROOF the Russians interfered. Its only important to you if it can be proved that their efforts were effective?
name the proof! Bunch of freaking liberal idiots that don't know the law.
so in your view, the US intelligence community is staffed  entirely by liberals who lied to the whole country?
i never said that i asked for proof..
Senator Perdue thank you for you endorsement. Anything less, this constituent would endorse any opponent.
WOW! He clearly lied to Congress. And you have no problem with this??
You go! Made me proud! I watched y'all are in the right, stay strong, pastime to clean house of rumor mongers
You're welcome to stand behind him, @sendavidperdue but @jeffsessions perjured himself under oath. Stand behind your constituents instead?
YOU ARE A SHEEP!  #replaceperdue #resist
Thank you for standing behind this great man.  Convince your fell GOP's to have some backbone too!
Not telling you what to do, but I would stand WAY behind him.
There can be no proof UNTIL there's an investigation! #investigatetrump #Russia
And you dare talk about #hypocrisy and #obstruction?
Neither of you have any intellectual honesty or integrity.  If this were a Dem AG, you'd be pissing blood!
It's cute that YOU trust him b/c your constituents trust him as far as they could throw him. #investigatetrump
really??? He perjured himself and you don't care...maybe time to investigate you
26 members of  Sen Armed Servi Comm,25 of them told the Washington Post they had 0 meetings w Kislyak in 2016.
Hypocrites. Both of you. @sendavidperdue @jeffsessions
Time 2 stand for America n what's right not ur party. He's a liar so maybe you are too
I will give you credit for consistency in your contempt for the voters. Going to screen shot this tweet in case you delete
It always keeps leading back to Russia. Sessions must resign. Russia cannot be allowed to intervene further
We've all had a lot of laughs @sendavidperdue. Just please tell me you don't actually believe the nonsense coming out of your mouth.
and I didn’t have — did not have communications with the Russians, and I’m unable to comment on it.”
“I have been called a surrogate at a time or two in that campaign,
"I never met with any Russian officials to discuss issues of the campaign," quote--Jeff Sessions.
Ah, yes, @sendavidperdue. Standing behind your friend in that age-old American political tradition of ignoring the truth.
US intelligence believes KIslyak to be one of Russia's top spies and spy-recruiters in Washington.
