It's time you stand up for your country and Georgia. Quit being a lackey.  I'm looking forward to voting you out!
Country b4 party citizens b4 party children & elderly b4 party soldiers and vets before party, environment b4 party, planet b4 party Get it?
Hey senator is pressuring the FBI director to drop an active investigation just "breaking some eggs?"  Asking for a friend
Wow, the replys have clear theme. Are you listening yet?
How about we start with getting rid of you and your accepted bribe of $23,400 from Ditsy DeVos?
By breaking eggs, you mean destroying our democratic institutions and giving classified info to our enemies?
You mean back 2 the glory days where women & minorities knew their place? When corporations polluted our environment & poisoned citizens?
How about talking to your constituents so you know what direction we want you to take?
Yes! Let's get @realDonaldTrump out of there and turn this country around before it's too late!
So, reading the other replies??  Not one of them supports you!!  GET IT?????
We are ready to #breakeggs & vote out all individuals who support Trump's authoritarian agenda. #dictator
Do you even know what you are talking about?
Senator Perdue, rhetorical question: Are you with us (Americans) or with them (Russians)?  It's that simple.
#worstsenatorever
It's about time you had a TOWN HALL!!!!!
I need my GA Senators to reign in this POTUS. #checksAndBalances
Here, here!  Lets make David Perdue a one term senator in 2018 and change this country's direction!
Good idea   Resign now
Mindless brainless unwavering support for an incompetent president. You are who you associate with.
How many more dozens of eggs do you have to break.  What direction are you taking us; what's the plan? Just political wind, I guess.
Break your own egg and just go retire on Sea Island instead of continuing to ruin our country. Don't like that? Debate me in person
You can start by an #IndependentInvestigation  into Trump/Russia - and now Trump/Intel blabbermouthing.
Let's start by getting a new chef and cooks in the kitchen who listen to their customers and give them what they ordered....
I  this reply. #VoteThemOut
Maybe start with the bad eggs.
Break eggs like give secrets to the Russians? Like not having town hall meetings? C'mon Perdue get on the right side of being a leader in US
Need to break some eggs in Georgia.  New Senators who aren't party stooges.
Looks like POTUS and his criminal cohorts are "laying an egg" with healthcare #cornyjoke #impeach
Maybe putting all of your eggs in one basket isn't a great idea? Especially when it's a basket of deplorables #cornyjoke #impeach
One big rancid egg is the administrative team we have at present. Please ask for the,resignation of the President and vice President
So I guess you think @POTUS revealing highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister is the way forward? That is truly sick
Wait...Which one is Humpty Dumpty in your egg metaphor?  Let's get in a room with your bubble-free GA voters and chat, why don't we?
It is time for you to stop kissing ass & work for Ga. Independent counsel NOW. Town halls NOW!  Tweak the ACA, dump the ACHA. #RESIST
You think! Let's start with you & @SenatorIsakson . #FLIPGASENATE2018 #TurnGABlue
I would be more comforted if this "new direction" didn't consist of fascism. 
Like Russian nesting eggs?
Yes! Continue to elect officials with scrambled eggs for brains #BreakEggs #OrangeNightmare
Haha! Good lip service. You haven't stood up & put country over party once. Actions speak louder than words. Try doing something. #resist
Agreed. Let's change the direction! How about you grow a spine and/or eyeballs and take a look at the Crook in Chief #Trumprussia
Republicans have eggs on there faces after last week! Call for special investigation and put women back on healthcare.
Sooooo right!  We certainly need a change from what started in January.
#YouAreTheSwap #Georgia Knows you're hiding from a #TownHall
Holding a #TownHall would be the place to start #DoYourJob #ImpeachTrumpNow  #hypocrite
I am all for changing the direction of the country.
Sorry, consumer confidence way down after the actions of POTUS this past 2 weeks!
Thank you!!!!
If you want to move us forward in commerce, business GREAT! Please just be sure you aren't moving us BACKWARDS socially! #ForwardsNotBack
You don't have a clue do you? Keep agreeing with 45. Be his biggest fan. See where that gets you. 
Now that we've been rescued from financial ruin, you want to risk the economy again. Was your home foreclosed, laid off/denied healthcare?
Does that mean you are going to listen to 'all' of your constituents or just follow party lines? #breakeggs
The country is a laughing stock because of Trump. Also, start answering emails from your constituents instead of going on TV constantly.
Are you Humpty Dumpty in this metaphor?
You should never have been elected. I will do what I can to see that it doesn't happen again.
We agree, break some eggs and get rid of #PerdueFail. Time for you to be replaced with someone who represents constituents not big money.
Yes!!! Let's start taking better care of our poor, our kids, our health and our environment! Let's make real changes that lift EVERYONE up!!
Shorter @sendavidperdue obstructing investigations = breaking eggs
