JUST IN: Pres. Trump announces ‘The Raise Act,’ creating a merit-based immigration system that "will reduce poverty" http://abcnews.com/politics  
@potus abt time we close our borders, jail cells,welfare lines. Want to come here? Prove ur not a drain@KellyannePolls #workforit #no guilt
None of you would be here with raise requirements. Your grandparents u would be turned away. #RaiseAct #GOPIdiots #TrumpRussiaCollusion
And btw I'm a broke hillbilly, living in southern Ohio amongst many broke hillbillies
Thought you were a youth pastor....oh nevermind we ALL know where some of these youth pastors nailed to the cross end up. Whole  other topic
Kelly Anne. You are such a deplorable. I'd deport you in a NY minute. Followed by trump and then Ryan.
Immigrants come here and create jobs at a rate much higher than natural born Americans. This is a racist excuse & its bullshit
And the moon is made out of cheese. LOL Your use of the racist race card gets old! Its like your get out of Liberal jail card. 

FundersClub Survey Shows How Immigrants Create Jobs Through Startups
BLA-BLA-BLA! He's just doing what Mexico and Canada do with their immigration policies! It's a great move!
In that case we should also legislate universal healthcare just like Mexico and Canada have. Great move!
Not so much! In Mexico you have to pay before you get care especially if your a foreigner. Canada, shitty system .
Both are considered universal healthcare. Universal healthcare still means there are small copays. Foreigners usually pay for medical care
Also known as the "buy your way in" act?
Hey... I'm okay with that. Speak English, be hireable, don't take welfare or prison space... problem?
I'm just saying we might want to just get rid of the Statue of Liberty
I have been telling my kids that soon the Liberal snowflakes will be saying that the Statue of Liberty is offensive to people.
What does that mean? It seems like you all don't believe in what it stands for. This is an unpatriotic move by trump
How many homeless people sleep at your house. Do you live by the code you are expecting others to live by? Are countries not allowed rules
What kind of question is that? Are you drunk? Maybe research what this country was founded on
Why did your FAKE President just lie about a phone call with Mexico?  And we should believe anything from him why?  And from you? Liar!
Pres. Trump is no fake Pres. He won fair and square. He has integrity and very intelligent. Has done well considering all the fake MSM&libs
I will block you now because you re a traitor and have nothing of importance to say.
The people that show support on this have 0 clue what it means to be an American you are lost and need to remember your roots
Sorry bud, but the roots of our Ancestors was to WORK not collect WELFARE. Try again.....
taught ESL  35 years  these children & parents were the hardest working people I've ever known No welfare The Amer kids were the lazy ones
DJT would never be allowed in , he can't read write or speak English
I'm SO excited as a legal immigrant who hd 2 hv a job, sponsor and no govt help for 5 yrs, to hear this. I'm SICK of illegals getting free $
My ex-husband was a legal immigrant. HE managed to do it the right way. Why not everyone else? He learned English, is now college-educated,
Awesome...next eliminate the refugee program and tax funded NGOs.
Sen. Cotton premises for raise act are lies. No wonder Kellyanne likes it
This is un-American. Donald Trump is killing the spirit of America.


Please quit and go awau! We are all hoping Kelly fires you. You inst anyone with intelligence!
If this passes it will be America first for the first time in my life. Im old. God bless President Trump.
European people migrated here before the indian. You should stop resistance its futile lol
FINALLY!!!
About time other countries are very strict on immigration we have to be also.
He's a sick man. The motto... Give us your weak your tired your poor. Without immigration trump wouldn't be here 
Sounds like a person on an H1B visa and every major company is full of them. They are taking well paying jobs from U.S. citizens!
Which won't go anywhere. Boy you guys aren't very good at this.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/trump-russia/?utm_term=.5e35b737864e …

Russia’s  Influence  Campaign Targeting the  2016  US Presidential Election to help @realDonaldTrump from @ODNI_NIC 
https://adobe.ly/2fdQA5s 
Better yet time for an immigration moratorium.
How would our ancestors been able to immigrate to America with these restrictions?
How can you live with yourself with constant deflecting issues and deverting attention. You are a defender of a manipulative, lying cheat!
Thank God you are at the White House right now with Chris Coumo, that means your kids are safe without you, hope Sarah Sanders is there to
Sara got pappy at fox watching her
Wholly heck Kellyanne, you just bombed on CNN.
Hey Kellyanne!  How often do you wipe your mouth off when you leave the Oval Office?
Kellyanne - please stop coming on tv and please stop lying to us. Respectfully!

You spelled race wrong.
That's going no where, bought out by a NUT JOB with no experience in foreign policy other than being a bigot and racist!
@ABC I heard he got a phone call from Mars. They said it was the best thing ever.
Girl, things are melting down for @POTUS
BREAKING: Stocks fall, Dow turns negative, after WSJ reports that Special Counsel Mueller has impaneled grand jury https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/03/us-stocks-dow-22000-earnings.html … 
@ABC We need to lessen the surplus of uneducated, non-English speaking immigration.
Show this to your boss the con maybe he will learn something about this wonderful country
Lala Lala lala, everything is awesome, nothing to see here!  You might want to check the drug use, Kellyanne!
Finally Congress does something!!
This is a great plan we only want the best and brightest to come to the USA
https://fussilat.org/category/english-articles/ …
that's the way it should be  finally some with brains

....   WE THE PEOPLE WANT THIS BILL TO PASS.............................
Yeah, successful if you happen to be White, already rich and well educated.  That's not the American Dream. What is opportunity for all!!!
OMG, he retweeted Kelly the Con. There's a lot more explaining to do but Please, not by her.  
He can fire the foreign workers and hire African American workers. After all he did say foreign workers were keeping them in poverty.
In fact for foreign workers are hurting the African American community then why not fire the foreign workers at his properties? Hire
Since the workers Trump wants to hire at his hotels don't meet this criteria will they be sent back? He can hire Americans after all.
You’re not called to straighten everybody out. You’re not the savior; we already have a Savior.
Desperately needed
Cotton is not going to pick your cotton and Perdue is not going to pick your Peaches.  Both look like they have a Trump up their Butt.
Just a shiny objects thrown for your ignorant base. It will never pass 
Empty promises...and outright lies.  That's all there is
Hope they have enough points
Yeah let's remember those 2 when the come up for re-election!! Racism is not a make America great again! We fought for equal rights for all!
What a complete waste of time. Zero chance of passing. Nice distraction. Pathetic.
Stop playing games...
NO ONE can argue we need to stop THIS
don't let the liberals dictate the narrative about immigration , THIS is why we need the wall
Yeah, this is a ready made attack ad, for 2018 and beyond.
Kelly , you need to divert the immigration debate away from "good illegal immigrants" and focus on THIS
Note 2 the citizens of the New State of Mazatlan (formerly the State of California)- >60% of YOUR welfare tax dollars are going 2 immigrants
@ABC you are as evil as you look.... popper Halloween scary 
If they REALLY want to HELP AMERICANS THEY WOULD IMMEDIATELY PENALIZE THE EMPLOYERS who HIRE ILLEGALS! WE NEED IMMEDIATE ACTION! #MAGA 
Thanks to those two senators to let us know where they stand. Bye bye in 2018. #sad #maga #2018
Having entrepreneur DNA, and serving 6yrs in the Army, I'm GLAD to hear that running my own business will be respected here
Do thank Perdue for putting himself out there on a bad policy that was DOA. One that would hurt his own state.

Too bad they didn't have this system when Trumpy's folks came over.  Did dad speak english?
Good talk for the most part.  If we discontinue cash currency most of the nation's fiscal issues will be solved.
But it will be a factor that leads to "inflation" if implemented.
Can't wait to see English speaking people with doctorates picking the grapes we eat!
Yes, Thank God you were able to arm-twist one member of Congress into endorsing this turd of a bill that is worse than D.O.A., there.
What's that? Officially raising our tolerance of your intractable bullshit? No way HOCUS POTUS.
The Three Bigoted Stooges
The Trumpites now want to ban innovators from the country, so the next Google and eBay will set up shop in China or India.  Sad!!
latest job approval rating is 33% and dropping!
Great idea @realDonaldTrump !!!!
#IMPOTUS to that
@ABC Make America Great Again
More like the RACISM Act.
Kellyanne please stop selling your soul. How do you sleep at night?? How do you explain this all to ur kids
Another strategy to keep immigrants out!! Racism at its core!! DJT and his bad of ignorant men at work!! HATEFUL!
Wrong, wrong, wrong as usual.
The most stupid, ill-conceived policy yet. No thought to the realities, but it sure gets the base riled up.... Go fake president
Need to change "merit" to "privilege" This is not "merit" system. This is a system for those who are privileged enough to have those things
We do hear what you say Mr President "you lead! We're behind you my friend"
2020 Kellyanne-prepare for that !
Heard he finally got to sign a great piece of legislation! Where were the cameras? Would have loved to see it!
How can you look at your children and NOT care about our climate.   Your administration is going to kill us.  #deplorable

Trump need to save money because the way they are looting this country him , his family and friends ( traitors ) is noticeable already
for all those trumpets out there you need an affidavit to come to this country means that person is responsable for you for at least 5 years
Thank you for #RaiseAct !!!
I don't think it is a bad idea, it will make Americans first in all Cities & States.
Watching Trump's administration is like watching a freak show.
OMG it's Wednesday get back to your Crypt!  You know what happens if you leave Mitch McConnell unattended, why are you out of your Crypt?
And when will you be providing your famous visual aides for your wretched base who watches you on FoxNews?
Someone had to explain it to Trump , since he has no idea, or communication skills to explain it to  on stay on point
 Babysitting. As Usual
Go to bed Trump, the few neurons u have firing are fatigued, not that making an ass  of URself is new or bothers U.
Which has no chance of passing. Weak #SoCalledPresident, sad.
#obstructionofjustice
#TrumpCrimeFamily
#PutinPuppet
#Traitor
#Resistance
I'm okay with this, just curious how it effects migrant workers. Most employers don't consider labor a skill. Thats my experience.
It's called "Be More Racist Act".
Why is he so orange?
It's taken 50 years to get legal immigration right again...time to wake up Republicans and get this done !!
Impressive that he could spell it. 
Another BS attempt at bordering off this country. Will the little man stop using foreign workers at his hotel? #notmypresident
Kudos to President Trump, it is about time
FFS..now your country is heading back to prosperity &  all the minorities can do is want more for free..wake up all you deniers or lose it
So desperate he has to throw red meat to his base!
What merit-based system did Melania work her way through? The "show me your tits"?
Give us your rich and fluent English speakers and no one else
Amen!! Finally some common sense in our government!!!!
You'll have to leave the country then, because you don't speak English. You speak alternative facts.
They were explaining it to dementia Donny!
That brown stain on your nose seems to be permanent.  And wow does it smell like presidential s#%t!
National ID card photo recognitionWITH fingerprint4illegals=nonresident if they work&CANsupport themselves speak English
You mean The Race Act ?!
Reduce poverty my ass. Old vigina neck isn't fooling anybody. His plan is simply designed to promote white supremacy
@ABC Why does @IvankaTrump refuse to produce her crap in the US & give people jobs?
@ABC Why do Trump hotels request so many foreign worker visas?
@ABC Why does @MarALago rely on foreign workers?
@ABC Why does @trumpwinery not hire ALL American staff/workers?
@ABC Why is @IvankaTrump Hubby's family selling US citizenship to highest bidders?
The RAISE act is nothing more than a thinly veiled attempt to create a master race of Americans inspired by Nazi white supremacy ideology.
Now if Congress would get on board...hope for Republicans springs eternal.


Yeah, thanks for another piece of sh*t legislation...this will not happen,  we see you" EYES WIDE OPEN "
When is POTUS getting deported ? Seeing he has no skills and can't string together a coherent sentence in English? :)

"Explaining"? So, you admit your clown client needed adults to explain his delusion? What happened to you?
Yes, this is great! Miller told us so in that disgusting press conference. You are all disgusting! Need to take a shower.
There already is a five year rule on Medicaid..this is not new
Yes and when you figure out there are not enough Americans to work your 3%growth will be obliterated.
Where has the been? ... common sense. Best for our economy & workers! #Trump2020
I am an immigrant & I agree 110% with the "Raise Act"! The Dems, Left, Libs, & MSM have been lying to us to cover their own racism & hate!

YOU SHOULD KNOW IF @KellyannePolls IS COMPLIMENTING YOU, YOU ARE ON THE WRONG PATH!
The only migrants we in the US need are skilled, speak Eng., and love the US, not resisters, Islamists, illegal MS13 types. Dems love those.
109 million people receive welfare let's get them working before we allow more unskilled into the country
White Nationalism.
Another lie.
Alternative Facts say Raise Act reform will be good when it will be bad @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls like to lie
This bill will be DOA.
So, what were Trump's father's "special skills" OTHER than being a  draft dodger (in Germany), a Nazi sympathizer, and a KKK member?
it's gotta be good for him or his businesses somehow...
Thanks for the clarification:  I thought it was the RACIST Act.

"Reduce poverty" huh? Now that is fresh Dr Goebbels.
You mean the Race Act. The name was baiting your followers for cruelty.
Sorry...this is NOT the way to reduce poverty.
Playing to your base- bigots - and your proud of it
Raise act = RACIST DOG WHISTLE TO ALL IGNORANT FOOLISH TRUMP VOTERS WHO BLAME EVERYONE FOR THEIR LOT IN LIFE
Getting back to how it was for 189 years —189 years!— until 1965 when Ted Kennedy & Democrats changed our immigration system for the worse.
