.@sendavidperdue @jeffsessions this is disgusting. Sessions has a racist, sexist history & belongs nowhere near our justice system.
Do you now? Sessions lied under oath during his confirm hearing. None of the other members in the committee met with Russian
invest the money DeVos gave you very wisely. I have a feeling that's your severance package
If you are so proud, hold a Town Hall. Tell us then how proud you are.
Both of you are DESPICABLE! Poor representation for democracy. You're reason why all things aren't equal. 
All you have done is confirm you are for big business and will not help the people in your district!
voter suppression in Georgia is real, and you just voted against the best interests of your constituents.
Great, now we have a bigot for Attorney General. What can go wrong??
Sir, you have a sick sense of pride. Do you plan to confirm all racists, are just those up for the judiciary?
just another nail in the coffin of your congressional career. You stand with a racist, you will be judged accordingly
Can you also tell Mr. Sessions not to lie about crime statistics on his first day? I hate liars.
i am concerned and appalled at your support for this man. Have you no principles?
if you try voter suppression, we will FIGHT back #ShePersisted
You confirm a racist. This makes you a racist.
you should be ashamed of yourself. We will see you at your next town hall
When are you going to schedule a town in in NE GA? We would love to chat. #shepersisted #lovetrumpshate
When is Jeff Sessions going to start investigating Trump's connection to Russia and businessman Dmytro Firtash
you don't represent me and you could have kept your condescending, canned email response that didn't address my concerns
proud? I'm ashamed.
the Klu Klux Klan is proud of you too.
I strongly disapprove of your actions in office. I am a constituent.
Enjoy your senate seat while it lasts senator! Your ideals do not match the will of the people's.
2 peas in a racist pod of bigotry. #racistpatriarchy
PLZ remind AG works 4 all Americans not just Republican Adm campaigned 4-move America forward not backwards
he's a racist trying to take America back 75-100 yrs no surprise ur proud
@DanScavino : You're doing a great job.  Haters going to Hate.  The borrower is a Slave to the Lender #freedom
continued disappointment.  Is your goal consistent shitty decisions?
A mistake of historic proportions.
You are partisan hack Perdue with no concern for the people your should be representing.
Between ur support of Sessions and DeVos, you have quite a track record to vote out at re-election time.
yes we all know you actually don't care about Georgians
Enjoy your seat while it lasts. 2018 will bring justice for our voices being ignored. #RESIGNNOW
Chin up!  2020 gives us more time to plan and support an opponent to Perdue.#upendtheGOP
2020 for Perdue and 2022 for Isakson (I believe). Senators serve 6 year terms.
Isakson won't serve his whole term.
"all Americans" being the key phrase here. And that's not his track record.
I'm sorry 2 hear u say u support someone w his documented actions against African Americans. 1 of 2 (cont)
I am not proud of the Senate or my Senators and will work against your re-election. GA deserves better.
It is a digrace that one of the most openly racist ppl in gov was confrimed as AG. This is unAmerican
Continuing to disregard those you represent means no re-election in 2020. -A constituent
SHAMEFUL he is a known racist. SOLD OUT American children's education and now civil right for all!
.@sendavidperdue: Hope your cousin is very grateful for what you've done & can help when Trump turns on you. Because you know that's coming.
you just lost my vote for re-election. #hate #racism #bigotry
I am not. I am appalled. cc: @SenatorIsakson
Betrayed your constituency once again. No more democracy - you're just a prostitute for Trump and Bannon
can you use the word hooker instead
you've lost my vote sen perdue and i will gladly encourage others to vote against you in the future
you would be proud to extend the shadow of racism over America. Repent.
you should be ashamed! Are voices will no longer be silenced!

I shall remember how proud you are at this moment when it is time for Georgians to vote.
You've lost your mind & are a sorry "representative" of what it is to be a Georgian. #takethesheetboffyourface
Sickening!!!
pride cometh before the fall and your constituents in GA are going to vote you out. Shame on you Perdue!
we will not stand for your good old boy politics any longer.  You work for us!  And we will not be silent.
SHAME ON YOU!!  Sessions is a national disgrace.    Perdue is a disgrace to Georgia.  Racism will not win.
Man, I can't wait to see you get dumped by Ga in 2020. I'll make popcorn.  @jeffsessions
SAD
upholding the "rule of law"-what about racist laws? Unjust ones? who is "upheld" and who is set free?

u did not listen to ur constituents. There will be price to for that.
ew
.@sendavidperdue @jeffsessions your names will be in the history books alongside George Wallace.
We are not proud of you
you're an embarrassment
Confirmation of Sessions is NOT something to be proud of. Constituents will watch him like a hawk & you too.
Thank you for supporting Sessions! I voted for you and will do so again!
Now it's time to confirm Judge Gorsuch!
Go for it!
sendavidperdue #disappointedinvoteforvos
Georgia senators Perdue and Isakson let down the children of Ga with Vos vote
Every one of you @GOP are complicit in the ruin of this country.
We disagree, you are no representative. Everyday you endorse lies, hate & shameful puppets.
The legislative branch has rolled over for a corrupt exec branch. You are all repugnant and on your way out.
Extremely disappointed! Listen to your constituents! Check your voicemail!
you voted in a racist. We will remember this at election time. #GAvoter
Your office can't handle all the VOTE NO calls yet you vote yes. You have failed Georgia and America.
hope you are right about All Americans. But I fear the love of justice for all has taken a hit today, and partisan politics
You and your snake GOP colleagues are turning legions of us suburban moms into raging activists.
after you and your fellow #Sessions'alists in the Senate are done making a national nightmare of a mistake, mop up w/ this
I worked in Mobile when this garbage was state AG. King's letter was generous.
Every day I think this POTUS and his GOP Congress can't get worse, and every day it does. You are shameful.
How proud? As proud as you are about your DeVos vote? No worries, we'll vote you out soon enough. #sellout
how dare you, a representative of MLK's state, vote for a blatant racist? In opposition to his widow? Shame.
Are you proud of his vote against VAWA? How does that make America safer for me?
you do realize how repulsed the majority of America is by you right now, right?
.@sendavidperdue @jeffsessions You're proud?  I'm disgraced. Way to back a racist Senator. You're out in 2020 my friend.
you don't care about us, just your corporate benefactors.
Not proud of you, Senator.
You have once again ignored the wishes of your constituents. Nothing to be proud of.
You're proud of a lot of awful shit, you know that?
and fascinating how the 20 negative comments before mine are gone. *poof*
Proud. REALLY? It would be better for America to have an unbiased Attorney General. #dividedamerica
Nothing to be proud of. You should be ashamed but you aren't, which says a great deal about you as a person.
Good luck with that....
absolutely disappointing. We, the #Voters will remember. #elections #2018 & #2020
I used to live in AL and I can assure you that Sessions is someone to be ashamed of, not proud of.
As you have embraced @realDonaldTrump & Jefferson Sessions, you must also bear responsibility for their actions and policies
He wasn't put in this position to make anything safer for us as long as he's at his Master's feet, begging.
Supporting a racist for US AG is absolutely DISGUSTING. We will remember this & we vote.
Come home and face your constituents.
we would be proud to attend your town hall meeting in Atlanta when you make enough time to book it
Did you vote the way your constituents wanted or "party first?" Release your constituent contact logs. Embarrassed to do it?
Of course you are, you're both corrupt, wicked, hateful old men.
what about upholding the Voting Rights and Civil Rights Acts?! Minorities are your constituents too.
So you don't listen to the people who elected you to represent them! #growapair
do all the wrong things now! Yates 2020 and you are out! #youdontrepATL #broughtandpaidfor #resist
as one of your constituents, I'm incredibly disheartened by your ability to ignore us. You choose party and $ over country
Again you followed your party and not your constituents' views.
Disappointed in your vote today. We will expect the new AG to protect the rights of *all* Americans.
there are no words. Oh yes, there are. You voted in a racist. Great job, bucko
F-off Purdue
I'm almost too disgusted to demand a town hall. Almost.
Thank you for voting for Mr. Sessions.
You should've written that you're proud you voted to confirm a bigot. #VoteNOPerdue2020
Mr. Perdue, Very Disappointed on your vote for Sessions.
disgraceful.
why aren't the republicans already prepared for an Obamacare repeal?
Because they have no alternate plan, & they realize optics of throwing sick & dying people off insurance is bad
you realize you are a Senator of Georgia right? You voted to silence the recitation of Coretta Scott King! #ASHAMED
Proud to know, with a clear conscience, that my Senators don't deserve the seats they hold.
wow, so many negative comments, you must be a very out of touch with what you're people are thinking
Proud to vote for your opponent in 2020. You enable #Racism #Whitesupremacism Did Sessions buy your vote, too?
We're Winning !!!  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Exciting to see our GA Senator close the vote on AG Sessions
You were "proud" to support a man who voted against the Violence Against Women Act? This woman takes note.
Your stated concern notwithstanding, have you ever made a decision that not all might support?
gross
The great citizens of Georgia won't forget in 2020!
where is your self respect?  Will there be no one to stand for what is legal and right? #ShePersisted
are you proud of the way you and your colleagues bulldozed Sen Warren?  @SenWarren
What a disappointment. You guys are and will be on the wrong side of history.
Thank you Senator! #MAGA
you are dooming us all with each vote! Shame on you #GOP! #YouDontSpeakForMe
a senator from the South voted for KKK for Civil Rights. #ResignNow
sad and shameful day for this country !!! 
Hope he works out for you...we will hold you responsible if things go wrong
Wow is about all I can say about this. You are obviously deluded.

Thank you Jesus!!
Hey Maura. Perhaps you should re-read your Bible. Jesus did not embrace bigots. You're a blasphemer.
if you love racists and prevented minorities from voting, he is awesome!!!
