Only because your party obstructed the Constitution, and refused to even call for a vote for Merrick Garland. #PartyOverCountry
Why don't you go READ the Constitution before you bather on about it.
I have a degree in constitutional ethics. (Unlike you, obviously.)

Article 2 Section 2 Clause 2 gave Obama the RIGHT to appoint a Justice.
@BrennaSimonSays @LottRan I have a few degrees myself and I've read it. Where does it say that Senate MUST approve President's picks?
I never said approve, nor was that my argument. They refused to recognize Obama's right to nominate a Justice, and wouldn't call for a vote.
...a few of your tweets when you objected to Obama and Reid ignoring Constitutional principles? I eagerly await your response.
The GOO vowed to obstruct before Obama nominated anyone.

https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/02/23/republicans-vow-no-vote-hearing-on-obama-supreme-court-pick.amp.html …

Why that is unconstitutional. 
I'm not a partisan hack who blindly follows politicians.As a Christian,how can you support Trump after his multiple affairs/sexual assault?
Good work today, Senator. We have your back.
Randy, I don't get why brag you are a Christian which is clearly against Jesus' teachings & policies Jesus stands for like #sanctuarycities
(1)Read your WHOLE Bible Rico. Clearly taught to obey laws. If you think laws unjust you work to change laws, not just ignore them...
Why do you put Christian on your profile?When you were reading the WHOLE Bible you couldn't have missed that.
No he won't. He will be for big money, dark money. This one you have wrong. Glad go see the dems in GA so motivated. I want you OUt!!!!,!,!!
TOWN HALLS ARE THE LAW!
He's all about corporations! Doesn't care about the people just like you!! No to Gorsuch!!!!!!!
Please. Just remember you guys set the precedent of going nuclear.
But your self-interest and party being first was ok when you denied Garland a hearing? I am not following your logic.
You are a corporatist and an unfortunate misuse of mater.
You turned your back on the Republic and its citizens. You can make it right by voting no to confirm Gorsuch. There is someone better.
you're a fool and a hypocrite. As a Georgian I am ashamed to have you represent me
what about the other jurist that many GOP members also recently approved of on merit, but used the rules in place to block
groupthink and ignoring your constituents is cowardly and will get you voted out.  Grow a pair, as they say
No they won't.  Nothing you all do is by the letter of the law.  Not even this confirmation.
Party over country. Changing the rules to get what you want is some kids cartoon villain nonsense. Shame.
How out of touch are you? #stolenseat #frozentrucker Your betrayal of America won't be forgotten
Who the flip are YOU to talk self & party-interest? You & your ENTIRE party are LITERALLY the kid who took his toys home when he lost.
, @SenatorIsakson is my senator, but you both disappoint me by ignoring constituents calls for Town Halls. Vote NO on Gorsuch
Judge Garland deserved a hearing!  You are a hypocrite!
He is bad for the country, you have again shown that party is more important than those who you were elected to serve, can't wait for 2020
Why did you change the rules of the Senate for this hard right judge who reliably rules for corporations over people?
People think you're a dummy. They're right.
You guys are so not patriotic
Your legacy will be mired in shameful decisions. #notforthepeople #killingdemocracy #shameful
If Gorsuch had any respect for the constitution he would decline the seat.
It was ridiculous for you to put party ahead of country last year. You should vote present for every vote in 2020 to give people of GA a say
You can't be trusted to know what "just" means.
for who? The big businesses? How about asking your constituents if they would support him? Here's a clue- answer is no
Shameful nominee...Gorsuch "Frozen Trucker" ruling, shameful! Gorsuch plagiarism shameful! And why couldn't Garland get a hearing? Shameful!
You have done nothing for the people that elected you. You only represent the oligarchs. Deplorable corporate sellout.
Can't wait to vote for anyone but you. #Shame
you will be replaced when your term is up.  You do not represent ga. You represent the Republicans. Do what is right!!!
MERRICK GARLAND.
that is so hypocritical
Um, didn't you CHANGE THE LAW to make sure he is approved? Not sure I trust your definition of "just"
Seriously, how do you not choke on your own hypocrisy?
So would Judge Garland. Because it's all about going against Obama.
Change Gorsuch to Garland and Democrats to Republicans and suddenly we're back in 2016. You're a dirty hypocrite. Shame on you.
Party over country ... again #firsttimeinover200years #unprecedented
Another reason up lost my vote next term
Republicans stole this appointment from President Obama in 2016.  You can't deny that because it's true.
So now you people have changed the rules to get your way when you wouldn't even vote on #MerrickGarland. #thedespicables
You stole this seat from every American who votes for President Obama. You're a thief and a hypocrite.
Tell me, are there laws against plagiarism? You destroyed the Supreme Court over a mediocre candidate. #NuclearOption
Who in the world will we ever be able to confirm? How about Merrick Garland? You say you are excited about nuking the Senate? Wow- Ok.
Republicans wouldn't even hear #MerrickGarland & now they've changed the rules to get their way. #thedespicables
If he has nothing to hide- why is he so smarmy and evasive? We know a con job when we see one- even if chumpsters don't. Not fooling us!
@sendavidperdue Party over country 4 Republicans. PLS have # constituents called n favor and against @ your Townhall during break
#SCOTUS must be bipartisan. Please change the nominee. Refusing to hold a hearing for #Garland is beyond bad. This will be your legacy.
Religious Freedom doesn't apply to corporations. Women's reproductive freedom is protected by law- corporations don't get to impose religion
Gorsuch is WRONG for America!! Why else run a bunch of propaganda TV ads to hide the truth and talk about fishing?! FISHING!! Enough!
I suggest you don't run for re-election We are watching we don't like your partisan BS and we will be voting. Shame on you
@SenateGOP Talk about Gorsuch fishing more than his rulings! Come On! This is a FARCE! We are NOT Fools! Do the right thing. No corp stooge!
No one cares if Gorsuch kisses babies. We care that he is extremely conservative and doesn't represent the MAJORITY OF AMERICAN'S Values!!!
If there is no "60 vote rule" and ALL IT took was a "simple majority" WHY did you go through the charade to get there? Why not just vote?
People's liberties and protections under the law and democratic process ARE NOT A GAME! You disgusting hack. Real humans rely on Govt & Law
SERIOUSLY? Using the nuclear option will be the downfall of the GOP Shame on U for thinking its ok to change rules put in place for a reason
The guy is evasive & rabidly conservative. Not what The People want or deserve. He is a danger to Our democracy #nogorsuch #changethenominee
What a lying hypocrite!
@realDonaldTrump LOST THE POPULAR VOTE! By millions. We the People did NOt select this. You are  lying. You are playing games w. Our Lives!
@SenateGOP BLOCKED #SCOTUS NOMINEE in 2016--Stop PRETENDING THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN. You can't rewrite history to suit your cheating ways! We see
CHANGE THE NOMINEE
You know that it never says - women- in the Constitution. Just -men, man. You ready to lose all your rights cause you're a woman? #realnews
Hypocrite. #VoteOutPerdue2020
You're...just a really bad person, aren't you, David? Holier than thou, party above country, and f'ing over your constituents. Shame, shame.
Good God man, do you hear what's coming out of your own mouth? Could have said same about Garland!
Illegitimate nominee from an illegitimate "president". I will remember come Election Day.  @SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue @gop
Don't call Democrats ridiculous after obstructing a vote on a moderate Justice for months.
Deplorable! You all are willing to change the way the senate has worked forever but never gave Judge Garland a hearing. Shame on you!
The Senate Democrats had the right to filibuster.
Bullshit. You have no shame voting against your constituency. I will work actively to remove you from office. Watch us flip Georgia blue.
You are not a Conservative. A true Conservative would not change senate rules.
Gorsush will rule along party lines. He is not an independent counsel. He is wrong for America and his blatant plagiarism shows ineptitude
I am so sick of your partisan hypocrisy. Gorsuch has proven again and again he is an extremist. He's also a plagiarist. No respect for that
To seat an "originalist" you voted to kill what founders wanted in order to ensure bipartisan SCOTUS votes? Illogical & hypocritical.
History has it's eyes on you.  And all of your co conspirators
Then who paid the
$25 m to get him confirmed? Stand for over Koch $ .  . . Oh wait . . .
Merrick Garland deserved a hearing and a vote, Republicans have no right to complain here. Your broke Congress.
How great, #SCOTUS justice that doesn't think the judiciary duty is interpreting laws & determining appropriate modern application of laws.
Another party line vote from Perdue.  shocking!
Stolen seat. Garland never even got a hearing.
He should recuse himself if that is the case as going nuclear violates the fundamentals of our democracy
Blind obstructionist behavior has nothing to do with lawful acts
Just as it was ridiculous when Republicans refused to even give Judge Merrick Garland a hearing.
Thank you for supporting Judge Gorsuch!
You seriously make me sick. Do you think we are buying what you're selling?
I do hope you are right.
This is not a win for Americans this is an abuse of power and more manipulation that does not represent the majority of Americans!
I will do everything possible to make sure you don't get reelected. This was a bad vote.
...do you even realize the hypocrisy?
Still waiting for one of my senators to do anything outside the party line.  Be a leader, not a lemming!
AMEN!!!!
Your a shame to the ppl you represent but don't listen too. Money before your constituents
Shame you didn't feel the same about putting party before country by not even giving Garland a hearing. Hypocrite.
So you mean he can't be bought like you are? 
I would like to believe that, but with you as his character witness... well...
You're an embarrassment to the Republic party and you WILL be voted out.
We need to change the nominee, not the rules. Do not invoke the nuclear option.
Seriously? You held a seat open on the court for a year because you didn't like president Obama. Those are some big steel balls you have.
Your head is in the sand. Again.
you side with corporate interests over Georgians. Stop hiding and hold a town hall to explain your votes to Georgians.
I'm sure Judge Garlands would've too. But you and your GOP buds wouldn't even give him a hearing. Gorsuch=corporate interest
Shame.
Save it for someone who believes you.
#MerrickGarland
#Gorsuch has ruled against women’s & LGBTQ rights & sided w/ employers over employees and favored corporate interests over public interests
You've tainted our most revered court and made it an extension of party. You should be ashamed of putting party before 
A lifetime appointment by Pres working with/for Russia & only after a rules change? Gorsuch's name will forever be punctuated w an asterisk.
Where was the up-or-down vote that Merrick Garland deserved? Typical Republican: a hypocrite.
Since you're so proud of your record, I look forward to your next town hall.
“We used to be a nation that celebrated people who got things done. Now we celebrate people who stop things getting done.” ― George F. Will
Shame on you. Changing senate rules to suit GOP interests. History wont judge you well.
shame on you. you know what this means long-term to our nation & you went along with it anyway. #GOP = short-sighted selfserving hypocrites.
We could say the same of Judge Garland, who you never even gave a hearing not alone a vote.
You are such a freaking hypocrite!
There is no defending this blow to the Constitution.
No it won't.  Surprise!  You're going to be a one term senator.  #VoteOutPerdue
Right, just like Citizens United where the majority made up their own facts and broadened the applicable issue #GOPJudicialActivists
Hypocrite. Where was your outrage at party over country when your party refused to have a hearing for Merrick Garland?
we get what we want today but does it bite us in the future
but why does it have to get to this point it's disappointing
No, they will support business over individuals & will harm women & children. And you will be to blame.
No. He will base them on being a lapdog for a treasonous POTUS. We will NOT stand for this!
Who put party interest first when denying Garland a hearing?
#confirmgorsuch
Seriously, Senator Purdue: you engaged in a year-long de facto filibuster against the nominee of the last (((black))) president. Cut it out.
You have no way to know that. The amount of black money in this nom is unprecedented- and the bill will come due. GOP showed they put ...
Party over country today. Sad that you have lost the ability to lead our nation after obstructing for 8 years
I'd be careful making predictions like this...especially on the internet. @sendavidperdue
Yeah all the corporations are celebrating this moment
They're not, and you shouldn't allow the Senate to go Nuclear. We will vote you out in 2020 b/c of this and Trump/Russia
Republicans are thieves and have no conscience about theft. They are phony Christians who stole from #MerrickGarland to #ConfirmGorsuch.
Merrick Garland. You're entitled & awful.
