Time after time, regimes crumble the same way. This isn't partisan. You've got to decide soon if you're going down w/ POTUS or not.
The other choice is being like one of the guys shielding Yanukovych in Kiev when he did a runner for Russia. You want that legacy?
You can count on your constituents acting decisively when you are up for re-election. #DoYourJob #vote2018 #vote2020 #CountryOverParty
I'm a constituent- stop ignoring us. He is clearly trying to suppress the Russia investigation. We need an independent prosecutor.
Every action he makes is decisive. They're just poor decisions.
I wonder if your constituents have thoughts on this-- maybe talk to them? Or answer calls? Or hold town halls? Or represent them in any way?
According to a friend of mine, the only town hall he's comfortable with is with old white men over lunch. "One of us"
You will go down in history as a traitor to your country and nothing more.
Constituents please call his office and voice your displeasure! (202) 224-3521
Will do !
You are NOT a patriot
I'm a Georgia voter. I will remember this and remind as many as possible.
Party before country, eh senator?
What a pathetic, flawed, and shallow assessment of this situation and the crisis  unfolding before us. Wake up Senator!
all true but does not make decision less frightening
You are complicit. We will remember.
You're a blind follower; not a leader.
Decisively in his own, treasonous interest. I'm ashamed that you're my Senator. Put your country over your party.
POTUS decisively doesn't want to be investigated and lied about who pulled the trigger. He's a liar, you're naive.
I have lost confidence in the POTUS!
And Congress. Only Judges and Park Rangers left to protect the Republic.
I agree with your sentiment senator. Don't be swayed by the liberals hating, help end the false narrative on alleged Russian collusion. 
Keep standing behind your man, you fool. You are who you associate with you mindless ignorant political hack.
We will remember your complicity in 2020.
Oh yes... The person who supposedly recused himself from the investigation will assist in the selection. #thefallofdemocracy
It's within his authority to obstruct justice?
Why was he fired? Clarify please
How do you fire someone that is leading the investigation into your ties with Russia? #dictator
"All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent," said Thomas Jefferson. Agreed, Senator? Bet not.
Abuse of power. You make me sick
Senate is larger than 1 person lk U, @sendavidperdue & @SenatorIsakson who refuse to meet w/listen to constituents.  Hold #TownHall #Listen
So proud of Rep. John Amash for signing on to get an independent commission to investigate Russia ties! Too bad more Reps. don't have
#IndependentInvestigationNow
guess you aren't listening to us who have called your office, you are a shill for this president. We will replace you
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
New from Acting FBI Director: Comey had broad support at FBI & innocent people typically don't need reassurance that not under investigation
Dictators act decisively. Presidents act with measured deliberation.
So did Nixon. This is a test of your integrity.
.@sendavidperdue, there is a difference between what is legal and what is moral, ethical, and good for the country. I thought you knew that.
There is a giant coverup here.  We need an independent investigation ASAP.
Are you kidding me?!?
Independent investigation NOW
Sen. you need to show the intelligence and integrity from business life. you are being a sycophant. You are better than this.
But we still need an Independent investigation to Trump's Russian ties. Pay attention or go down with him as a complicit traitor.
we need an independent special prosecutor now! The sooner you get on the right side of this epic scandal the better.
"Decisively" would have been January.
Why, senator, am I not surprised by your response? Is this our standard now, "decisive"?  What about circumspection? Objectivity? Integrity?
Shame on u for betraying our democracy. This is treason/obs of justice #GOPcoverup #CountryOverParty #Complicit #IndependentInvestigationNow
As did Nixon when he fired Archibald Cox...your point Senator?
As a Georgia resident, I am disappointed in your statement. Not all things that one has the authority to do should be done without question.
It is time you really become the change in Washington and stand up for our Constitution. Are you defending this administration?
And this is why people in GA have the lowest education, and highest poverty. Wrong decision. Stand up for America. Impeach the Orange Evil.
Thx you for your service but you on the wrong side of history and that mean so is your time in Congress.
You're useless.
#TrumpRussia needs an independent investigator.   Firing Comey now only indicates @realDonaldTrump has something to hide.
Senator, you need to support the appointment of an independent prosecutor.
Firing the person who is investigating you is a sure sign you are guilty. You should be calling for a special investigator, but you won't
You are delusional and your seat will be occupied by someone else come '18
You are a terrible Senator
"decisively" does not mean "intelligently" or "legally." Do you respect the Constitution at all?! #FulfillYourOath
On Facebook you said you stand behind Trump. Using him as a human shield? Trump is a bully & coward & clearly afraid of this investigation.
Please start working for your country instead of your party. We are depending on you to do the right thing. #IndependentInvestigationNow
He got mad because he was delving into the subject of his connections with Russia, China and other countries that he has business with.
Your constituents wasn't to see you in a town hall Senator. You keep hiding
Independent prosecutor. Independent prosecutor. Independent prosecutor.Independent prosecutor.  #IndependentInvestigationNow
Do you really believe that. Liars and thieves
Bullshit. DO YOUR JOB and call for an independent prosecutor. Failure to do so makes you #complicit. Your constituents will NOT FORGET.
It is within his authority but I doubt for the right reasons. He is such a liar. His whole crew is an  awful bunch! I will never trust him!
The timing is very suspicious, and the firing in the middle of an investigation does nothing to engender trust in the president's innocence.
Unbelievable!!You can't be that naive to believe this didn't have something to do with the Russian investigation.
It's time you pick country over party and demand a special prosecutor to take over the Russia investigation. Or you'll be complicit.
Stupid chicken farmer, the noose is tightening around the treasonous orange hair clown...you'll circle the toilet with him.
But will that new director be compromised before he even starts? We demand an independent investigation of #Trumprussia
Bullshit
Disturbing that you're not questioning the timing of the #ComeyFiring & the unquestionable #AbuseOfPower Please #CountryOverParty #DoYourJob
requesting an independent commission!
When you're up for reelection, Senator, GA voters will act decisively and within our authority to replace you. Maybe poll your constituents
Looking at this unofficial Twitter poll, we all support a special prosecutor. Will he do what we want? Next election can't come fast enough.
Integrity and decency has no place in DC.  I can't wait to vote against you.
There should be a 60 vote threshold for any replacement. Plus independent investigation! I called 3 times. No answer.
...your policies. If you damage our political system, you throw away our values. Who is to say their is not a liberal Trump in the future
Bullshit - this "president" is a con artist. This can't end well for him or for you.
You have failed Bigly again Senator.
As a constituent I implore you to be impartial/take the interests of the US over your party. You will always have a chance to implement...
Comey handled himself poorly during the election; yet Trump fired him at a very interesting point in the investigation. Seems curious...
Apparently, the only checks and balances you like are the checks your donors write you. And something about balances? Still working on it...
you mean divisively, I'm sure
Shame on you for supporting this flagrant abuse of power. Your actions and words are disgraceful.
It's called obstruction of justice.
A waste a words but if you are to truly represent your constituents (we can't count on you to do that) you will demand a special prosecutor!
Why I'm I not surprised Sen Perdue? You are nothing but a mouthpiece for Trump - a c@@@-holster for sure.  Hope you like the taste.
We need an independent investigation, one that cannot be interfered with by the people who are under suspicion.  Put your country first.
So you are ok with  Treason in the White House. Shame on you. Trump worse than Nixon
This was a sketchy move FOR SURE. But it was legal. I call BS on all his reasons, but THIS event has nothing to do with treason.
Make sure he or she keeps digging into the Russia ties..
Had Obama or Hilary done this you would be calling for hearings, investigations, & a special prosecutor! Shameful how the GOP now = Cowards
Trump fired Comey because of the investigation. Nice to know that you side with traitors, instead of patriotic Americans like Comey!
Your constituents demand a special prosecutor NOW!
Keep tweeting your support for the criminal because the day is coming when you'll see them again and they won't be good for you!
Please support an Independent special prosecutor to investigate possible Trump campaign ties to Russia. It's now the only way to do it.
Just learned about your existence from this news story. First impression is that you defend treasonous actions. I'm not alone. Career over.
Very disappointed in my Senator @sendavidperdue whose response to the Comey firing does not address the context of the Russia investigation
No one nominated by @POTUS should be confirmed until investigation has been completed and we know POTUS is working for us.
How can you possibly say this with a straight face. How hypocritical and dishonest you are. You should be ashamed of yourself. Embarrassment
What an embarrassing suck-up you are. Whole administration going down in flames soon.@POTUS
I have had enough of you Junior Senator, grow a pair already! Country OVER party. B a Patriot, remember your OATH to the U.S.
I agree- new director will B confirmed. 1 who is willing to look away from Russia. Which is exactly why your constituents R so concerned.
As your constituent, I am disappointed that you still stand by this President. You put Party above Country. No principles and no integrity.
We need an INDEPENDENT investigation of Trump/Russia. Please do the right thing. #ashamedofmysenator
Do you think, just maybe, that he fired Comey because of that Russian problem?
I can't state enough how much we need an independent investigator. Please put your country first. Please.
If you stand behind Trump days after Comey asks for more resources on Russian probe, then you stand for Russia tampering in our election!
Independent investigation now, remember yo are coming up for re-election
Please support Medical Marijuana
Shame on you. Call for a special prosecutor. Do your job.
As a Georgian I find your defense of POTUS disgraceful. If there is nothing to hide, support a special prosecutor to put this to rest.
@sendavidperdue Do you even bother to look at the replies to your twitter messages?
They are a fountain of outrage.
Amazing...
A constituent. Indepndent investigation please!How can pres appoint someone to investigate Russia connection and we trust their independence
1) open your eyes 
2) listen to your people 
3) grow a pair 

... in no particular order
can you understand why many of ur constituents r concerned? Yet, you don't believe in holding townhalls to hear us. ABSURD!
Very disappointed republican! Republican congressmen will be judged by their reaction to this travesty.
Your ability to say nothing and still somehow support our jagweed "president" is astounding. When are you up for reelection? #seeyouin2018
I honestly wish you would get a backbone and admit the truth about this whole fiasco. Russia is the answer!
He acted like an authoritarian strongman w/sthg to hide. We want an independent investigation of his ties to Russia, financial & otherwise.
You need to demand an independent investigation of this administration's ties to Russia. #DoYourJob  and stop pandering.
You're right @POTUS acted decisively...decisively towards impeachment. We the citizens of GA demand an independent investigation into Trump
Demand an independent investigator into the Trump campaign's involvement with Russia!
#Laughable If not so freaking sad-- once again you come up small and against America.
How can you not be worried about the integrity of the Russia investigation???? You are not representing your area with honor. SHAME
Looks like no one agrees with you--in fact most people are angry & want an Independent Investigation.  Ask for a Special Prosecutor now!
Without an independent prosecutor, this looks exactly like meddling in an ongoing investigation. Stand up for your constituents.
I hope you enjoy going down in flames with your beloved treasonous Trump.
I love when you tweet. All the responses just confirm how out of touch with the people you are supposed to represent. Listen to us or #GTFO
No support from YOUR constituents, Perdue. #notmysenator and #notmypresident
The issue isn' that Comey was fired. It is that he was fired while investigating Trump campaign ties to Russia. Independent council NOW.
the US is larger than 1 person. stop defending this irrational, truth-challenged, overly emotional disappointment that is hurting the nation
treasonous stooge.
Point taken. Now authorize a fully independent #trumprussia investigation and everybody's happy.
would you feel the same way if a democratic potus fired an fbi director that was investigating his campaign that was aided by russia?
You keep referring to him as if he's not answerable to anyone. Both of you don't realize, we see you for who you are by what you do/when.smh
See you at 5:00.
You protect a COMPROMISED Russian puppet, who has already profitted greatly from the few months he's been allowed to screw us.
Protect him at all our PERIL.

Don't think he won't come for you, but fear US even more, sir.
This stinks to high heaven Sir!
Go fuck yourself
You’re part of this now, Senator.
Silly Bill - this is just 'the art of the turnaround'
HOLY HELL. 

He has literally fired ANYONE investigating him & Russia. And claimed it was Hilary? The thing he used to get elected??
HE. IS. A. TRAITOR.

Senator, DO YOUR JOB. Special Prosecutor IMMEDIATELY before Democracy dies.

If there's nothing to hide: WHY STOP IT?
I hope you go down too, David. You deserve it. #complicit
Oh @sendavidperdue, if you only knew, what your false trust will do, our faith in justice is lost on you
Hope you got a pat on the head and a "good boy" from @DonaldTrump for this one.
You are complicit in treason. If we fall to authoritarianism, you are to blame.
The people want an independent investigation.  We deserve to know the truth. #FBIDirector #ComeyFiring #Trumprussia #Putinbot
You will regret the day you did not stand up for democracy and take a stand based on what is best for the country and not simply party.
Two words: #independent #prosecutor
Shame on you for supporting this treasonous administration.  #complicit
When did the Republican Party become so cool w/ Russians hacking our system?
Your constituents insist that you not let this go.
POTUS fired someone investigating him--pure & simple. We need an investigation stat.
We NEED an independent investigator. Will you be man enough to push for one on behalf of honest Georgians?
I cannot understand how you continue to support such a corrupt administration.
Blindly supporting corruption? Support independent investigation into Russian affairs if you are so confident there is no wrong doing.
You should be demanding a special prosecutor to investigate- NOW. This is ridiculous- repubs & dems both should push for this
Then, why not do that when his Administration took over? The timing and circumstances present some troubling optics.
David A. Clarke, Jr.!
Yep!
@sendavidperdue and @johnnyIsakson have been bought and paid for. They do not recognize allegiance to constituents.
We are hopeful you'll side with the constitution and not the coverup. It's time. #DoYourJob #TrumpRussia #ResistTreason
