No, the only thing we need to do is force 535 congressmen to use Obamacare themselves...
They do. That was part of the ACA law. Congress uses the DC market exchange.
They are exempted from Trumpcare, not Obamacare.
They are NOT exempted from Obamacare...do your research, dont rely on left wing crap...
We all clearly said they were not exempt from Obamacare. It was you that said they are exempted.
Did you mean to type trumpcare? They are exempt from trumpcare. Cruz introduced an amendment that would close that loophole.
But, there are so many issues with that amend, no guarantee they even vote on that version. As of right now they ARE exempt from trumpcare.
We live in rural S GA. Avg $$ below poverty level. Local will be decimated. Sen McCain .Work+aisle.Improve ACA, people b4 party=Patriot 
Repealing will do more damage and kill people. Do you or your cronies care about the lives of citizens?
UR lying hysterics on @cspan R comical
Better get some facts https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-trump-administrations-own-data-says-obamacare-isnt-imploding …
#medicaid expansion #SaveTheACA
@SenateGOP @SenateDems
What an embarrassment. You have no clue what you are talking about or voting on.Shame on you again putting @gop over Anericans
Any SME with a shred of integrity will tell you it's not collapsing. Despite constant sabotage from the republicans.
Except that it is not. But you keep on lying as usual.
#ACA is not failing but it could use some repairs. Name the fix #Trumpcare if u want credit #CountryOverParty = no repeal Call @SenAlexander
Will you be voting yes today?
more #GOPLies as ACA is NOT collapsing. That is just more #GOPLies
Liar.
Then stop sabotaging it. Stabilize the market & stop the monthly threats to not pay subsidies. We're talking about people's lives here.
This is NOT TRUE, Senator. Please for your constituents, vote this down. Then negotiate a bi-partisan bill to fix gaps in ACA.
How many town halls have you had?Work with Dems to fix healthcare! Do not vote yes for Trump. He promised better care for everyone not worse

30008 Constituent - Telling the same lie over & over does not make it true. Why not work with Dems to make it better? Sabotage sux.
Obamacare is collapsing because you are letting it collapses
We
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
Absolutely @sendavidperdue #FixACA
Maybe you should try to figure out why insurance costs so much to begin with. That's the main reason premiums are high.
it's collapsing because the do nothing congress and senate make the market queasy. Fix it. It will work as it should.
WHAT??? Under Trumpcare, 22 million would lose coverage! I'm one of them. Vote NO on Trumpcare. #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
SHAME ON YOU. 
THIS IS A LIE. 
Only collapse is GOP and Trump sabotaging and defunding it. 
#VoteNo  
#NoRepeal #NoReplace
ACA is in danger due to GOP negligence and sabatage. They never wanted it to work to begin with.
80% of Insurance Companies cite republicans as causing the increases in premiums, and they were in office last year when prices were set.
You work for the people and the people do not want the house bill or the senate bill. You can do better! Vote NO!
We know it's because of Republican sabotage. What is the rush to pass bills with no hearings?  In secret?  Can't wait for your tax cut?
You need to NOT vote for them bill you are hurting Georgians!
Your constituents do not want to repeal and replace. You complain about self-interest in Washington, show us you are different than others.
Trumpcare will take coverage away from millions of people. Think of GA not the GOP, and vote NO. People over party!
I urge you to vote NO to repeal. Healthcare is a life saving luxury for millions of Americans a right for every American the same as you.
stop mimicking the crap coming from the WH. it makes you look like a fool.
ideas: make it stronger.
Wrong! You should be working to fix the issues, not make it worse. You plan to vote a bill that will  the unisured rate in GA by 20%.
Senseless for Healthcare CEO's to earn Multi-Million Dollar Salaries off of the backs of the struggling man!
Break up the corrupt sweet relationship between Healthcare Corp's + Bureaucrats!
Something like you PROMISED! #REPEALOBAMACARE completely! NO trumpcare! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
Yes, by all means DO something — and for the love of God, do something POSITIVE about healthcare — STOP SABOTAGING the ACA, Senator!
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom
Please work with the Dems. Do not do repeal only. A bipartisan solution is what we deserve. One party doing it alone didn't work last time.
Repeal it!
Didn't know you were still around. People in Georgia thought you had left the country.
If you would actually take 5 minutes and read the replies to your Tweets, you would see that your constituents see thru your B.S.!
Stop lying!!! It's not collapsing!  It's being manipulated by insurance companies!  Tell the truth (for once)!!
https://mobile.twitter.com/AbeMartin7/status/888786666093240320 …
By the way, Fox News isn't really a news show. It's just your channel for disinformation. We all know it.
Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.
The insurance aspect is struggling, but the rest of it is working beautifully.
#KeepThePromise #FullRepeal #NoReplacement #UnitedForFreedom
#ACA isn't collapsing, the GOP is starving it to death! U want to protect coverage @sendavidperdue? Work with Dems, fund ACA, listen!
Make it work don't repeal it
If @SenThomTillis can get more Visas by withholding approval, imagine if 100 Senators and some field experts actually wanted to do good.
FACT Medicaid expansion has saved lives. #healthcare #norepeal #ACA https://twitter.com/KaiserFamFound/status/888179970362802176 …  DO NOT repeal. Work with Dems for good of ALL.
Research has found that #Medicaid expansions for adults were associated with reductions in mortality http://kaiserf.am/2vGhoy2  
I agree.  How about fixing it? Improving it?  Stop acting like a bitter ex-wife #HealthcareBill #Trumpcare
Serve the poor. Feed the hungry. Heal the sick. If you're going to fly a Christian flag, practice some Christ-like behavior, sir.
Georgia women will die of undetected breast cancer if you defund Planned Parenthood.
Georgia women will die of undetected cervical cancer if you defund planned parenthood.
You lie. Try compromise- you know that strategy that actually accomplishes something? 30044 constituent here
You mean like passing a bill that kicks millions off of their healthcare? #trumpcare
I agree that something needs to be done to healthcare and with bipartisan support this time around! 
Stop the rhetoric, roll up your sleeves & figure out how to work across the aisle-not put millions more risk.
So now it's a NO vote for the repeal we asked for. How do the democrats control the Senate when the Republicans hold the majority #RINO
Do you believe we only pay 1$ a month like the President?!? You are failing America by supporting him!
I feel sorry for some people but I think it should just crash and burn then maybe people would maybe stary blaming the dems and waking up
I'm your constituent. And you are a liar. #DoYourJob. And try avoiding being evil in the process.
It's "collapsing" because insurance companies refuse to adjust their business models to fulfill the function for which they were created.
Try and think back to how many hearings the ACA had before it passed into law. Compare that to the 0 hearings any of these bills have had.
1. GOP hastening collapse but still viable. 2. Market profitable now 3. Avoiding your constituents 4. bye insurance cos 5. Medicare mandate
Yeah, uh huh. Like y'all have managed to accomplish so much towards that goal. Why should we even believe a word you say.
... so do away with what's left of any assurance for them?  You fool.  Never got a call back from your office either.
Reach across the isle and work with democrats to fix in a bipartisan fashion. You know how it use to work? #DoYourJob
Fix it.
Noooope...
Yessir it is. It's time to work with you fellow Americans on the other side of the aisle to produce something we can all be proud of.
Healthcare/insurance/financial industry, private employers&citizens all against repeal/replace. Why r u still pushing? ALEC & Koch #FixACA
Fake News Senator! CBO report is devastating.Fix not replace ACA or Romneycare! Stop playing partisan politics over what is best for country
BS. Iterate on what you have. The exits are hastened by the uncertainty you have created. Lead or let someone else do it who can.
Really want to fix the ACA? Model it on the VA’s system. Excellent, efficient & ‘single-payer’! Ya, but, no insurance payola there, eh?
Repeal only will raise premiums 2x more than they are now.  You cannot pass the GOP bill.  Time for you to get with Dems to fix ACA.
Please start by supporting, rather than sabotaging, the exchanges. Then start work on a real solution (hint: single payer).
Something is not an answer Dave. Get it together or pack it up.
#GOP sabatoged #ACA & had
7 years 2 write replacement. 
Simply DO THIS: FOLLOW THE LAW as intended, fix gaps/hardships.#duh

STOP #GOPLogic
How about working with your fellow Democratic senators to fix Obamacare--it' the right thing to do and you know it.
Repeal it fully, then work on  ways to get fed govt out of the way.
If you really care for the welfare of the people in our District, fix the ACA and set aside your allegiance to party.
#RepealObamacare nothing more. Congress have proven they can only make things worse with Obamacare, Trumpcare, Congresscare
They can do less. They can hold insurance to anti-trust laws... so that we have competition and not monopolies. Will they do that?
Not collapsing not perfect You all just want it to fail. You David are worse than DJT spineless Coward! The people first
You are a liar. Just stop with the propaganda.
The CBO has PROVEN that you and your party are lying.
It will only collapse if Republicans let it. Save the #ACA.
Repeal! ACA is garbage forced upon the working class.  Free market, not government run. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #DrainTheSwamp
Your donors are pissed they didn't get those tax cuts huh? I'll bet you aren't cheap either.
Stop Tweeting about it...get work done. We don't need to see any Senators lips moving or faces on TV until you have a solution.
Thank you for listening to us!!!
This statement has been proven false. Trump is not releasing payments owed & causing ins cos to leave. Trickery by GOP is the issue.
Start working with the Dems and fix the problems! Stop trying to repeal and replace!!
Stop issuing disingenuous proclamations & listen to your constituents. We're not even close to buying your condescending lies.
Maybe @sendavidperdue should have a town hall and actually meet the folks that employ him and see if they agree with him. Crazy idea,I know!
Stop repeating that Trump rhetoric @sendavidperdue! Reps are just so scared that the legacy of Pres. Obama will live; they'll risk lives!
You could start by funding it. Then negotiate drug prices, renegotiate Medicare Part D and regulate ins companies like utilities
Irs collapsing but you keep saving it.
Do you think all these negative replies are from paid conspirators?
What planet do you think we live on?
Certainly not where you live.
OMG, Bonnie!  My pants are on !
So not true.  Why lie?   http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ …
Georgia has long history of sabotaging ACA http://www.myajc.com/news/opinion/fear-obsession-behind-state-officials-ongoing-opposition/UYboVSPC2SVvzQqYVVBxPL/ … @CNN @timkaine @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
The ACA isn't collapsing. People will lose their coverage under the Republican bill.  Work with Democrats to improve the ACA.
7 yrs to come up w/ a plan NO PLAN.         Control WH, Senate, House STILL NO PLAN      U ppl @ risk-then propose plan for 32M to lose it!
How about fixing it, rather than killing it
For God sake reach across the aisle!. BL it can't and should not be done by 1 party. STOP TALKING AB IT WITH MSM AND DO IT. #excuse #lead
Ok here from the MSM you meet with more than us in the GA 3rd. take their word for it if u won't take ours #msm
And you helped destroy it rather than represent Georgians, and repair the ACA. Are you an American, or a Russian ?
Difficult to understand how Republicans could fail the voters with this issue!!??
Actually, it's not.
If you repeal, 32 million are lost. What kind of CHRISTIAN does this? If you are going to be pro-life, be pro-ALL-life.
You must reach across the aisle.... work together be an American!!!!!!!
Partisanship and denial of federal funds collapse Obamacare. It's better than anything devised thus far. Fix ACA, start governing.
Nah, your plan is the one that collapsed. 
Looks like your constituents are telling you to stop sabotaging the ACA and work with Dems to fix  I'm one too, I agree with them & I vote!
.@sendavidperdue Faith in GOP Senate is collapsing - fast. Time to accomplish something. GOP is blowing the best advantage it's ever had
The true reality is Americans like Obamacare and your own party can't do any better. Work with Democrats to perfect it. And pls stop lying.
Medicare coverage for all. If someone wants extras, then they buy. I don't understand why USA can't learn something from Canada or Germany.
It will be yours and the GOP fault if it does. Work on a bi partisan solution. As a Georgian I ask you to NOT vote for Repeal!
Vote "no" on repeal. My HC is not a slogan. smh
NOT collapsing per experts
its being undermined by YOU & others like you for your own gain 
I honestly don't know how you look in a mirror
Hall County marketplace only had 2 choices.  One didn't include the major hospital or physicians group as "in-network". So ONE choice.
Improve it. Don't watch it fail. We are counting on you.
WORK WITH THE DEMOCRATS.
How about you try fully funding it before you say it doesn't work. Talk about fake news.
The people of Georgia have to do something, and that is vote you out of office.
You’re a disgrace - wish GA had senators that cared about the organizations that cared (Emory/Grady) and the patients! 
Lets get to healthcare after we oust the traitor in the White House.  #CountryOverParty #StaandUp4Georgians
Perhaps it is time to fix the problems because your Bill will just create new problems
Why don't you @HouseGOP @SenateGOP offer us the same health insurance - FEBHP - you receive as our employees? How dare you skimp on ours?
Something called #MedicareForAll.
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/cbo-score-on-latest-senate-gop-health-care-bill/ …
Repeal it...completely.

Free market solutions are the only answer.
Wrong. You are allowing the YUGE failure of a pres to sabatoge it. Obvious you love him. What did he promise you?
You (GOP) had 7 years to formulate a plan to repeal it and institute a market based plan.  #GOPisajoke
Like what? Take away 32 million more people's coverage? Your logic fails as bad as you fail your constituents.
Source please.
Doesn't this bill cause even more uninsured over the coming years? Or is the CBO fake news?
If "do something" means diminishing the preexistcondition provision please do nothing & save a few lives And reach across the aisle please
Have you EVER thought that working with Democrats to fix what's wrong with the ACA might be a more ethical solution? #PERDUEisaPuppet
I can't wait to vote you out
You and your Republican pals are the reason it's in trouble. Trump isn't helping as he systematically undercuts the program. #YouHaveNoSoul
If you, your fellow Republicans,  and Mr. Trump would stop deliberately damaging it, Obamacare (which  saved my brother's life) will work.
it wouldn't be collapsing if you didn't, you know, want it to collapse.
FIXING the ACA seems like a great place to start. Cross party lines and actually work together for a bipartisan solution. That's your job.
Repeal the ACA and the GOP will not have a very good 2018. The ACA is not collapsing, it is saving lives. I am a ACA sucess story.
If you are concerned about people losing coverage how could you back that turd of a bill from the Senate? Answer: you dont really care
Why not Medicaid for all (optional, NOT mandatory). Premiums based on income. More you make, more you pay. Private HC as affordable.
Sen Perdue, you are my representative in Washington. Where in the hell are you? Hold a public town hall withyour constituents NOW
Cite your sources that it is collapsing. And completely repealing it and leaving 32 million without insurance does this how?
Here. These are called "facts". Read them and then try to explain how the ACA is failing (or keep being a puppet):
Can't wait to help vote you out of office....
People losing coverage is not a concern of Republicans.
It's collapsing because you wanted to, try fixing it...
By taking it away from 17M people in the next year alone? You should be ashamed of yourself. Picking party over the people.
Fixed it for you: GOP is continuing to sabotage ACA in hopes of collapsing it completely and forcing millions to lose coverage.
How much did insurers contribute to your campaign?  How much of the those stocks did you buy?
I strongly urge Congress to pass healthcare reform before they take a summer recess! The actions of a few Sen. Repubs reprehensible
yeah, fix it. What are you trying to repeal and screw millions of Americans for?
https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/18/15987252/obamacare-repeal-working-mcconnell … it's not failing, Republicans are! Save ACA!
Do what though? What is your plan?
He doesn't care about us.
False.
It is NOT collapsing, despite your party's best efforts. Work with Democrats. Fund the CSRs. It's not rocket science.
Also? You don't actually give a damn about who loses coverage, judging by the plans you support. Spare us the crocodile tears.
All 3 @GOP plans put millions more uninsured, drives UP prices & decreases services. #FixTheACA   Listen to BC/ BS, AMA, AAFP, constituents
You wanna do something? Here's a WILD IDEA: Try working with Democrats to improve ACA.
fixing things to make them work better is part of what makes humans great in the first place so that'd be really making America great "again
Stop sabotaging the exchanges then.
Yes it is but it's going to take both Republicans and Democrats to work together to solve.
You, sir, are a liar. Obamacare is not collapsing. But you still carry trumps water. Sad.
You're lying.
Thank you for favoring Repeal and Replace
Republicans said millions have lost coverage because of the ACA, tell the truth and, fund it, control cost,Do your job
Fix what's there. Why do you all ignore history? Laws don't get repealed and replaced, they get added upon or poor functions get removed?!
Last thing you could do is stop forcing people to take something they don't want.
Obamacare Repeal’s EXCEPTION for CONGRESS stokes Charges of Hypocrisy http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/26/obamacare-repeal-congress-exception-237641 …
2nd thing you could do is get out go the health insurance business .
It's not. That's a lie and you know it.
