The poorest in Ga can't get insurance because YOUR PARTY refused to expand Medicaid to them. THAT was how Obamacare would have covered them!
Some people have only one choice now, but before ACA I had ZERO choices, anywhere. Preexisting condition. So why don't I count?
the HHS score is BS. CBO, AMA, AAP, AARP, hospitals, nurses, insurers, actuaries ALL say GOP plans will be disastrous. They're 'fake news'?
Disgusted, embarrassed & ashamed to have you as my Senator. You are clearly clueless about how our healthcare system works
Your constituents are the people. Who/what do you value......our people's lives are at stake.
My YouTube isn't working. Can you meet me in a public setting with a few other of your constituents that may have some questions? Thanks.
If you're not protesting & calling NOW I'm not supporting your Go Fund Me LATER!
#WakeUp!
#YesImTalkingToYOU
202-224-3121
#FuckDavidPerdue!
Sen. Perdont, dont have time for all your crap.  Lets deal with first piece:  Theres a big difference between press conf to nominate and
The people want a bipartisan plan. Not a plan created by a select few and passed by changing Senate rules so it fits a political agenda.
Repeal in full Obama care.  You promised.
It's not too late to regain your moral center. If Christ truly is your role model......
Then having candidates complete forms and go through the process of nomination.  This is on GOP.  Dont blame Dems for lack of understanding.
I'm sorry but y'all had 8 years to work together and improve our healthcare. Pointing the finger at dems is BS. #DoYourJob
Start saving those new paychecks because your gonna have to pay for your own healthcare soon!

#VoteOutPerdue2020
You know that reconciliation is not the proper avenue for these changes.  Do the right thing.
Fix the things that don't work then ~ that bill you voted for will kill millions me included a low income senior & your constituent
What the hell does this have to do with medical insurance? Stick to the subject and et something done. I want to hear what you offer.
Senator Perdue I'm from Ga I thought u were an honorable man, I was wrong! You will be voted out for your vote today.
Why not regulate the industries since they are not a free market and go single payer? Oh right, you're bought and paid for.
You must hear a lot of misinformation from @SenateGOP
President Obama had a plan, not perfect but a plan...what's yours?
Nothing to hear but negative finger pointing. Not one single new idea offered. Your closing was honest-all you care about is big business.
Thank you for putting cold hard facts into the discussion on healthcare.  We need more facts and less political rhetoric.    Coldhardfacts#
Epic #truth.Thank you Senator.I'm proud 2 be one that worked on your behalf. If only more had your intelligence,morals&ethics. #FullRepeal
How come you won't let us comment on your bullshit YouTube video? Afraid we might point out your lies??? #trumppuppet
Good numerical analysis.  Excellent.
The lie is that Obamacare is collapsing. 17% approval of GOP Trumpcare bill. American people are upset about Trump's obstruction of Russia
Please Save Medicaid and protect your most vulnerable constituents. Vote no!
With respect, You can't correct misinformation with misinformation. But promoting the position of a liar tends to skew the facts. #Repair
I’m voting in 2018 to drain the swamp - i.e. you and Isakson. Can not believe your ignorance on Ga Healthcare!
https://brandnewcongress.org/ 
God this is amazing! Let’s replace these 2 senators ASAP! I signed up and donated 
Same here let me know! I'm all in!
I don't count the CBO reports misinformation. Do your job. Vote against repeal and protect Georgians.
You directly aired the preznit's grievances TO the preznit. Could your sycophancy be any more apparent? We're voting you out.
Glad you've reserved your righteous indignation for "For the first time I our history, the minority party has not waived a rule..." 
I have great insurance which rivals yours TriCare Prime, but as a true Southerner, I am my brother's keeper! #wwjd
What happened to representing GA! No Medicaid expansion here! Prices are high for ins CA,OH, not so high. Hmm #ATltwnhll
Is the payoff that good? I would at least want to be in the top 10 of richest Senators! You are selling yourself short!
Speak truth to power talk to Marco Rubio and how he undermined the ACA! Stop showboating! America has woken up! #kendoll
I doubt that many of these people replying even have families or pay for their own health insurance yet.
Thank you for supporting our President's agenda. We don't want socialized medicine in this country.
Disappointing....party over Georgians.  You don't know what's in the bill and yet you vote for it.  Irresponsible.  #lostvote
https://brandnewcongress.org/ 
You sir, are a liar.
If the Congress would pay the subsidies required by law, the ACA wouldn't be in trouble
By misinformation you must mean inconvenient truths.
Unless your response was a NO then you will not be re-elected. Your career will end in shame as it should.
YOU are the misinformation!! A former CEO being paid off by corps lobbyist bucks, telling US he knows best! LIAR.
85% of us know better. Voting against your constituents. Shame on you. U r no gentleman
Senator ! Every time you tweet... millions of Georgians barf ... you make us so sick !
What, Senator CEO your saying you were listening to Georgians that weren't 1% donors. Pray tell whom was this ? #ajc
You, sir, are a frigging liar. You are the one with the misinformation. Also, you plainly only care about $ and business and not people.
Senator, you're an embarrassment to this state. It's a mistake we'll correct in 2020.
The misinformation is coming from the GOP. You shouldn't be doing this but for some reason yall can't help yourselves. Makes no sense.
Just counting the days before we can get you out of office. You don't care about Georgians and we will show you how little we care about you
Well done sir! RESPECT earned. See you late September! (NIADA -auto Dealers conference)
So you voted for a non Bill?
If you won't listen to me at a town hall, I won't listen to you.

You're a soulless hack. #SaveACA #SaveOurCare #resist
You watched trumps public address too?? Grow a backbone. Hold a townhall already. #17yrs #trumpcare #GOP  #trumpscouts
You are delusional but we aren't. You want to shaft millions of Americans for what? I'm signed up to see you do one term and go home.
Thank you! You represent our beautiful state so well!
keep up the whipping of gop on hcare....dems are not particpating, only delaying debate, defending status quo....time for gop on hcare
https://campaignforguaranteedhealthcare.org/call-your-representative/?utm_content=buffer2da66&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaignbuffer …
David' woefullly stupid, or bedazzled by  promise of RU $. Im sure he's had 2 turn on his buddy, Sessions, 2. That's #Trumployalty #Sad
Thank you Mr Perdue for supporting this bill today Also just heard from Pres Trumps rally you were working on Immigration bill SO PROUD!
BCRA will make premiums rise and it will be heavier on the elderly!
The only "misinformation" is coming from Trump and Republicans! You want to steal Medicaid away from 31,800 GA Vets, that's a FACT!
And here I thought it was a video of you with your fingers in your ears repeating "LALALALA..."
I get it- you listened to Donald Trump
What was the source of your misinformation? The Red Cross? The American Medical Association? The American Academy of Pediatrics?
2020 can't come soon enough. You're a rubber for the worst president in American history and you won't hold town halls. #VotePerdueOut
Plz vote NO on the "sanctions bill" bad legislation for America.
4/ I don't have time to fact check the rest of your speech. But your blind allegiance to the Liar-in-Chief makes me question your integrity.
3/You state that "the system is collapsing. It's not. "Most ACA markets are stabilizing"
#VoteOutPerdue2020
Really? How about listening to us here in GA
2/"because expanding Medicaid shrinks the ranks of the uninsured, it has reduced hospitals’ uncompensated care burden."
1/You imply that Medicaid expansion is a bad thing. It's not.  http://tinyurl.com/yb96h5lq 
I am not buying it. Last time I reach out to you. You don't listen anyway.
#DumpDavid
A senator who votes on a bill that endangers their constituents is a monster. Congratulations on your demotion
You're not offering a better alternative though! It's easy to criticize. It's hard to actually put your nose to the table and work.
For placing party above people #voteoutperdue2020
You will NOT get my vote again.  EVER!
You are a liar and a cheat. Your only talent: looking good in a suit.
Now this is t way 2 explain t HC issue so ppl can understand what's what. @SenateMajLdr oughta let u push t product! Ty
Thank you for taking away my healthcare insurance subsidies. Now I can pay over $20,000 a year.  Thank you again for all your help.
Ocare only collapsing because of the actions of Trump. Your own misinformation is shameful. Don't try to convince us that you care.
You are literally spreading misinformation about Obamacare daily as you work to sabotage it. Why? What did we ever do to you?
ACA was GOP plan - O "borrowed it" from RomneyCare to get GOP " but in" but he never did. They are spiteful!  We'll vote @GOP all out ASAP!
https://brandnewcongress.org/ 
How much $$$ your getting g in your pockets? "We the People" getting none. Don't worry your constitutes will vote you OUT!

I think you are misinformed. #VoteOutPerdue2020
Tell that to rural Georgians who will lose a) their healthcare & b) the healthcare facility which is often the biggest employer.
This is my response to you.

The source of misinformation on the ACA is your sham POTUS.
I remember, you said government doesn't know best. That's why you support a bill w/ no hearings or endorsements from healthcare orgs?!?
WE ARE THE GOV. We DO know best. LET US GOVERN OURSELVES @SENDAVIDPERDUE
I doubt you listened. That is not your strong suit.
You suck
Thank you for listening to your constituents.
Why don't you listen to your constituents?
He does. His true constituents are the Koch Bros
