When are Republicans going to initiate sensible gun control legislation?Your words mean nothing!Repubs shoulder responsibility by no action!
You will show that you believe this was horrific by passing reasonable gun control laws. Until then, these are empty words.
BTW, Senator, you haven't tweeted once about the desperate victims of #Maria in #PuertoRico and #USVI. Do those people not deserve prayers?
Prayer without action is meaningless. Change the damn gun laws
Think you are after the wrong thing you care about all people ?
First Responders must not be senators, because the senators in Georgia don't know how to respond.
You are bought and paid for by the NRA! Shameless leader! Shameful Republicans who stand in the way of sensible gun control!
Do you have a standard, everyday set of prayers for day to day gun massacres or something special for when the death toll is over, say 20?
Your elected responsibility is to VOTE for change, not pray for victims.
#GunControlNow
Don't just pray for the victims. Pray for the wisdom and strength to figure out how to change this gun obsessed culture we've created.
Your words are meaningless and your prayers are not sincere, vote to ban weapons and for background checks at him shows, goon for the NRA
Not even new legislation, just ask if we can do research on the effects of gun control laws. Make that research legal
What are you doing to enable sensible gun control? Nobody needs the weapons for personal use #GunControl
Saying you pray is just your way of trying to delay taking action to save American lives. Stop letting the NRA pay you to vote against US
Prayer aren't working 2 stop these massacres. Let's try something new: sensible regulation of ownership & purchases
Our nation does not need your prayers. They need your COURAGE to go AGAINST the gun lobby. Do you have what it takes or not?
Do better.
If we want prayers we will call in the nuns.  Do your fucking job and pass sensible gun control legislation.
How much money do you get from NRA
Your prayers won’t save lives. Stop taking $$ from the NRA and vote for common sense gun laws. #MomsDemandAction
Please we need better gun control laws.  Electronic record tracking and no automatic or semi auto weapons.
As a future doctor, I look forward to an America where my patients don’t have to be victims of senseless gun violence.
So owning guns is our right but available health care to treat gun shot wounds is not a right?
Your prayers ring hollow when you take money from the NRA. YOU are complicit in these muders by allowing guns sales with little regulation!
DO something!
Isaiah 1:15   
When you spread out your hands in prayer, I hide my eyes from you; (1/2)
Nobody wants your fucking thoughts/prayers.
Praying is great, after that you need to do more towards gun legislation!
What about the $1M+ the NRA spent running smear ads in your favor against @MichelleNunn in 2014?
How many more times are U going to pray for victims before U do something to prevent the shootings? We need #CommonSenseGunLaws
even when you offer many prayers, I am not listening.
Your hands are full of blood!

Your prayers are empty; enact useful legislation (2/2)
"You foolish person, do you want evidence that faith without deeds is useless?" James2:20. Stop praying and do something
Until you act to prevent gun violence, your words mean absolutely nothing!
You voted against Gun Checks, and for guns to terrorist. What are you paying for? #Trump to tweet about #rocketman to distract your voters?
Which prayers? How many times?
If you don't resist the NRA you are an accessory.  Your prayers are meaningless.
You prayed after Pulse shooting too. The big guy is prob wondering why you keep praying when you already have tools to effect change.
You are someone who has the power to do more than just praying! Just approve research on gun laws.
Shame on you. How do you sleep?
You won't say anything that would upset @NRA since you took $1,825,006 from them. As for your prayers @sendavidperdue:
How about some legislation for those victims instead of just thoughts. 
You are in a position to actually do something. Stop the praying, and do something to prevent these massacres.
Sick of your words. GET GUNS UNDER CONTROL NOW!
At least count, you were given $1,997,512 by the NRA. How much soap are you going to need to wash away that blood money? UR SAD & PATHETIC!!
You were elected to take action, not to pray.
Praying doesn't change gun laws. Please do something else.
Victims families may appreciate your prayers.  The rest of us would sincerely appreciate not being victims.  Get to work.  The US public stands behind sensible gun regulation and control.  NO to silencers.  NO to automatic rifles.  Get with the people and stand up to the NRA.
You better vote against the silencer bill.
I'm praying you'll stop allowing the #NRA to own your vote. Or is the 2 million you've received from them worth more than American lives?

The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. 

Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get.
I "pray" that you might grow a pair sometime soon and start standing up to the NRA.

Dozens dead and 500 wounded last night. 23 American children shot *every day*. Corrupt cowards in Washington still refusing to act.

Your thoughts and prayers mean nothing when you're in the pocket of the NRA.  Thoughts and prayers is not a solution. GTFOH. #LasVegas
If your constituents pay you $4950 (like the NRA did in 2014) will you start looking out for OUR interests, instead of the gun industry's?
Ok remember how you spoke at the NRA convention this year?
you are part of the problem.  You're bought & paid for by NRA.  You hurt your constituents.  You support huge profits for lobby group.
Prayer is easy and the coward's way out.  What will you DO to reduce gun violence in our country?
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ABOUT YOUR PRAYERS! I want to hear you support reasonable gun control measures! Start by encouraging your House GOP colleagues to vote against loosening restrictions on silencers & allowing concealed weapons to be carried across state lines #GunControlNow
Please keep your prayers until you vote to pass meaningful legislation to prevent tragedies like this.
You own this, Perdue, along with your NRA sucking  Republican party!!!!
Now wake up and enact sensible gun control laws.
The rest of are praying you move on gun laws that will protect help protect us.

Super, what other superficial gestures are you going to do this week instead of actually making a difference in the safety of Americans?
Please tell me what citizen of the U.S. needs an assault weapon?   The laws MUST be changed!
Yet you continue to make access to guns easier. We don't want your hypocritical condolences; DO YOUR JOB!
How about introducing a gun control bill to keep this from happening over and over and over???????
YES!!!!
He’s emailed me after tweeting to him another time, so I know his team keeps track of this. #GunControlNow
They need to keep track!  It's time to control assault weapons!
#gunControl @SenatorIsakson @GOP @HouseGOP #gapol
Dem senator: Congress needs to "get off its ass and do something" about gun violence http://hill.cm/qZUQPdD  
But you'll go right ahead and vote Yes to make gun silencers legal, won't you? Oppose the #SHAREAct. #GunControlNow #gunSense
He accepts money from the NRA. He'll just be sad about it. He won't DO anything about it.
Glad you're saying you prayed for victims this time.
You didn't in Charlottesville, only "thoughts" with the police. 
Need actions too.
"Praying for the victims of the horrific shooting."

Bold stance, Senator.  Nice work.

You should resign.
#PrayForLasVegas #GunControlNow
Stop praying and start passing meaningful gun reform laws. You’re a disgrace.
Yes, praying and doing literally nothing to help, only to make situations like this more prevalent. Praying for you to be out of office.
We don’t need more gun laws!  Machine guns are already illegal to own and it’s a felony to have one without a Class 3 license.
What are you doing besides "praying"? Are you working to get automatic weapons out of the hands of people like this?
Constituent here. Thanks for your. You must also pass sensible gun restrictions now! Don't gut gun silencer safety laws. Stop taking NRA $
Please sir, Wake up - Get off NRA payroll,  and enact sensible gun laws
Prayers?!?! We need GUN CONTROL NOW!!!
Oh cool. After your morning prayers, can you do your job and fight for gun control?
If someone says to them, “Go in peace; keep warm and well fed,” but does nothing to help, what good is it? - James 2:16
That's great, but what are you going to DO about it? Is this just life in America now? Your party blocks common sence reform.
This from a Senator rated AQ and endorsed by the NRA.
Instead of praying, why don't you introduce some common sense gun legislation. No one needs assault rifles.
PLEASE make more gun laws. Background checks, waiting periods and limits! Georgia is TOO easy to get guns!
You copied that from @SenatorIsakson. Do you have any original thoughts? Anyway, no one wants your prayers. We want your action.
#BloodMoney
Pray all you want it's not going to help the victims and their families. There is NO reason a civilian should have a military rifle.
Common since gun laws is what needed
When you’re finished praying, please do something about this senseless gun violence, Senator. Do your job. Protect the American people.
Prayers are worthless!  Gun control is not!
DO SOMETHING
Stop Mueller
How about passing sensible gun laws? I want to be free to assemble publicly without dying. #lasvegas
Don't pray. WORK ON LEGISLATION TO STOP THIS SLAUGHTER.
Cool. That should help.
How about instead of prayers you DO something about gun laws and mental health reform in this country? How about that? Let's DO SOMETHING.
You own part of this tragedy, Senator. Stand up to the NRA.
Is this enough for you? Will you now turn your back on the NRA's agenda. Will you now vote for gun control laws and research? #NoMoreNRA
Exactly! Where's the line?
Keep your prayers, how about passing some sensible gun control legislation? The rest of us are tired of prayers and new hashtags.
For anyone who thinks he or anyone in the GOP means it: here is this http://www.nrapvf.org/campaigns/2014/vote-perdue/ ….
Prayer without action is meaningless.
A civilized society is defined by limits on what its citizens can do.  It is the government's responsibility to define those limitations.
Next trip to Vegas, stop here. https://machinegunsvegas.com/product-category/armory/ … U can fire a Browning M1919 for just $150. Got a boner yet?
When do I get to feel safe! When are my rights of safety and peace going to be more important than the NRA and their $$$!
Prayer does nothing. Stop accepting NRA $, start having common sense. 50 people MURDERED.
You do faux outrage well
Until you pass common sense gun control laws, your condolences are meaningless.
Thank you. And if you truly care you will take action on sensible #GunControlNow and put human life first.
"We have ample gun laws on the books now, and I believe we should focus on enforcing them." Rethink your position now?
My dream is to melt all the guns, but that's not realistic. Sensible gun laws are, though! And needed! Stop making GOP = NRA!
Fully automatic weapons should only be in the hands of the military
We need gun control laws now. What if the man had a silencer on his gun how many more people would have been injured or killed?
Your prayers don't do SH**! STOP supporting the @NRA and change the gun laws!
Pass strict gun laws
Gun control Senator? That would be a great idea!
Don't you think enabling the easy purchase of a silencer for personal protection would just be awesome? 

Please vote no.
What are you going to do about it to prevent future tragedies?
Thank you for your prayers. Please enact gun control measures to stop future violence. #gapol
Praying doesn’t stop this. All it does is make you “feel” like you’re actually doing something to make a difference. Do something Senator!
Why do I have to wake up and explain this to my daughter again? How’s that $20k you took from the NRA feel?
save your breath.. the nra/gop doesnt care
Praying?? Does not help. First, stop weapons in US, than lets see further on. #lasvegas
Just wondering....on average, how many rounds must a person discharge to hit 250 people? Is 2,000 about right?
At Columbine there were 38 hits (some multiple hits) out of 188 rounds fired. 20% hit ratio. Any idea if this shooter's accuracy was better?
Change. Gun laws
