You plan to MAKE HUGE TAX CUTS and then complain about the country's debt? We see what you're doing.
What's he going Janice? Explain.
Giving tax cuts to the rich by increasing taxes to middle class & cutting health care to seniors & lower income. Paying off his cronies
Do some actual research and stop reading one line talking points. Have an awesome day.
Perdue does a lot of things I'm disgusted over. Like being a pawn for the airlines.  The revised tax code is not one of them.
So this is why you support increasing it by another 2 trillion dollars to give #TaxCuts that only help the wealthy? #EstateTax
WAY more middle class than 1%ers. Net effect is a WINDFALL for middle class & economy 
#StopObstructing
If debt so important, pls explain why #GOP budget & tax plans include tax breaks for big biz & wealthy? Only $ for poor, sick, elderly cut?
Just last week-in Las Vegas-58 killed, green berets killed in “low risk” mission Niger- @POTUS insults American citizens in need of help.
Vote no on the Trump budget/tax plan that will drastically cut Medicare and give tax cuts to the wealthy.
#NoWealthcare
The greatest threat to our nation is Donald J. Trump. Anyone believing otherwise is either not paying attention or doctrinally blind.
so embarrassed that you are my Senator...
You're right! We do need to fix our tax code! Let's close loopholes that alloe businesses and 1%ers pay the lowrst taxes in the world!
Oh look, a bot!
Cannot wait to vote you out!!!

How about something simple; STOP SPENDING MONEY!
You have been ineffective, try harder David http://www.rethompsontravel.net/david.htm 
Quit cutting taxes for the filthy rich
Nat'l Debt doubled under Obama administration.  We cannot leave this debt to our children & grandchildren. Completely irresponsible.
Your ability to spin & deflect is remarkable.
Actually it is you and your incompetence in making stronger gun laws. People are more important than guns
DP, do you have a hidden agenda for writing this piece.  There’s no way to believe this & support POTUS tax reform @ same time.
Well if you are so concerned about debt why don’t you ask @POTUS to curtail his golf trips . OUR MONEY
What kind of an idiot are you ? You endorse Trump and just defend or stay silent as he destroys our country day by day
Might want to re-think that tax plan, then.
Perdue & GOP reverse Robin Hood, take from the low and middle income earners and give to the 1%
Perdue, Cruz, Scott were given their marching orders from the Koch, tax cuts 4 the 1% even if it increases the debt
You embarrass this GA constituent with your narrow-minded focus. There are so many urgent domestic problems to solve. Just read USA TODAY!
Really? Our greatest threat is @realDonaldTrump and his administration and you should find your morals and values and lead impeachment!

... POTUS tax reform increases US debt by $5-6T by ‘22, & NO assurance for related growth.  No historical proof trickle-down econ works.
u know this tax plan/cuts is going to increase debt right?
So tell your cronies to stop hoarding the $$ & flying on government planes.
NO. Greatest threat is Trump and his toadies, and you're one of the worst.
Tone deaf.
Wow are you wrong ! Your boy Orange Julius aka " The Moron" is our  greatest threat to national security.
We should sell HI to China and reduce our debt load.
Keep up good work!
The greatest threat to our national security is Trump!
The greatest threat to our national security is the guy sitting in the White House and the hypocrites in Congress.
Senators who don't understand what the national debt is are a major threat to America
This is THE MOST disingenuous statement given your votes on healthcare. Put your forked tongue away.
Why does your tax plan increase the deficit?
The greatest threat to our national security is the lunatic in the White House and the inaction of Congress makes them complicit.
Climate change and nuclear armed foes are the greatest threats to nat'l security.
Maybe you all should learn how to be good stewards of tax payer's money.
....wow.
To everyone that has responded to this guy. When it comes time to try to get him fired I want to be included. I'll work my ass off
Hey buddy, some people n PR still don't have water. That's a problem don't you think
The biggest threat to our country is trump and the republicans that refuse to put country first.
The intern you hired to write these tweets should be fired. There's no way a rational person would tweet about tax law after recent events.
Lolol!! That's hilarious!
The greatest threat to our country is crazy people stockpiling assault weapons committing mass murder bc the gop & the @NRA are bed buddies
George W gave tax cuts to BIG Corps & they used those tax savings to MERGE, eliminate competition & move manufacturing OUT of USA! #GOPScam
Great you can tick five things off.  You highlighted zero policy changes - not sure what getting arms around health care is policy wise.
If that article is your plan, your thinking is even more shallow than I thought.  And here 
I thought you were the smart one next to Sonny.
No A mentally defective POTUS and a power hungry Congress is our biggest threat.
We won't forget your unwavering support of the buffoon sitting in the WH when you're up for reelection.  Everything you're doing hurts us.
NO. It's @realDonaldTrump
Climate Change. I know you’re old and won’t be around much longer, but listen to the DoD.
The greatest threat to our national security is our President who is a puppet of the Russian government, and the GOP who is complicit.
The greatest threat to our national security is our national debt and you want to lower taxes? Trump, who you support, is greatest threat.
Where the heck is your promised plan?  Some lofty goals but devil is in the details. We learned in 80s you can't grow our way out of debt.
As for the drivers of health care costs, not politically feasible to cut coverage enough.  How will you control pharma and medical costs?
How can you significantly grow the defense budget w/o significant debt or cuts to Medicare/Medicaid or both?
Don't brag about having a plan until you have real solutions to very knotty problems.
The greatest threat to our national security is the sitting president. Can't wait to work on your opponents campaign in 2020.
The people of Puerto Rico, Houston, and Las Vegas beg to differ! #climatechange #GunControlNow

This is all very scary to me. Go for it Senator, you’re on the right track and it’s essential for USA!
Reading the replies to this makes me sad and fearful for the future of our nation. Sen Perdue writes a serious article detailing potential remedies to the most serious problem the US faces and  gets these kinds of stupid replies.....
What is your plan to change the budget process and stop redundant spending?
Huge tax cuts foe the rich blowing up the deficits
Yes start paying on the debt and while ur at it pass welfare reform and tax cuts and just pass healthcare repeal only.
Why are you cutting taxes then? Do you even understand the words coming out of your mouth?
You don't even talk about national debt. You talk about funding the state department and the military. CUT SPENDING!
You've mistaken debt as the treat when it's actually your inactivity. #DoYourJob #aka listen to the people of your district.

Too bad the budget that gives you your rich buds tax breaks will add to the debt. Cutting programs so many Georgians rely on....shame on you
No! That orange mango in the white house, is our greatest threat. You set yourself up for this, mango kisser!
So I assume you will oppose the massive tax cut plan that will add $1.5-$2.4 trillion to the debt. It is wildly irresponsible.
Head line is right... Why you would think the largest military budget in the history of the world is in danger, is beyond me.
Also: $700B for military. $10B for UNNEEDED WALL. Don't harm your constituents. SocSec, Medicare, Medicaid are NOT THE PROBLEM
Your party is a bigger threat to our security. Riding on private charter jets, using only Trump resorts at inflated price to say, etc. Plz!
Your party is a bigger threat to our security. Riding on private charter jets, using only Trump resorts at inflated price to *stay, etc. Plz
Debt? Not our Russian Puppet POTUS?
The greatest threat to our nation is @realDonaldTrump followed by the inept, greedy traitorous #GOP 
#TheResistance
#FridayFeeling
The great threat in American, is American Terrorism. Taking away Woman's Rights. And ppl like you. 
Are you serious?!? We have ppl stockpiling guns, Swastikas being sent by Americans to Americans, and you guys won't leave healthcare alone!
In other words, you are a hypocrite. Stop acting like the deficit matters only when you want to cut programs for the poor!
I am baffled you could write this & be so supportive of Trump's irresponsible proposed tax cut for the wealthy which will raise the deficit.
Actually the biggest threat is Trump and his cabinet. The debt will have to settle for 2nd place. What is your plan for the "Trump crisis"?
How does that fit with tax cuts!
You sure about that? It's not... Russia?
