NOT with Drumpf's plan!!!
Puerto Rico
Perhaps but what I hear about your plan does not match the description in your tweet.
"..this president knows instinctively" is not reassuring. Too much instinct & not enough thought & planning have us at 0 progress 9 mos in.
We need to keep our current healthcare
Your overhaul will send us into a recession like every other R policy. Short term gains to your buddies and extended suffering for us.
We need infrastructure, education, consumer & worker protection, environmental oversight, and healthcare! Not more tax cuts for your donors.
RT if you agree: that David Perdue doesn't care about the health or welfare of his constituents. (Except his rich coffers.) #DoBetter
I see you are going to raise the rate for the bottom bracket from 10 - 12%.  Nice. lets raise the top bracket 20% too from 39.6% to 47.4%.
I think wages need to be higher. That would increase tax revenues without raising taxes and increase demand for goods and services.
Y'all are invaders, too. I know, it's easy to forget. #PotMeetKettle
"arrived legally in the 1600s" 
You know, I don't even have a response to that.
How can something be "legal" if there was no "law"?   

"Well, nobody's stopping me!" really is the Euro-imperial mantra.
Because that is the explicit purpose in which sidewalks are built for?? 

~muh logic~ indeed.
You & cousin Sonny get to keep more payola.  Meet with your constituents!
LOL! The GOP plan helps only one very tiny group and it is NOT the middle class. Saying otherwise will not make it true.
SO far ALL I see are tax cuts that benefit the very rich.
guess you didn't like the replies on the last tweet saying no, so you decided to delete it & try it again. Sill no. #resign
The proposal on the table gives most of the tax breaks to the most wealthy
I think we need a tax code that is rewritten in a bipartisan way.
Yes, but please don’t do that at the expense of the middle and lower classes.
What about paying for our deficit and an actual budget #DoYourJob
We need to TAX THE WEALTHY, not lower/middle classes. We DO NOT NEED REPUBLICAN-style tax reform. #TrumpCorrupts #TrumpTaxScam
We probably all agree. We just don’t believe congress will do it. You have the word now it’s time to work on implementation.
Yes we do! Thank you and senator Isaakson for@meeting with NIADA/GIADA this morning!
Thanks again David Perdue for all the great work you do.
NOPE I don't trust any GOP that tries to rip healthcare from millions and won't expand Medicaid bc your upset a black man came up with it
Seriously? Push America at least Trillion more in debt?! #gapol
Lying talking points. Self-serving tv clip. Ignoring constituents' feedback. You're only missing a selfie & knee-jerk love of Trump! #gapol
We need to make the 1% pay their fair share. You can grow the economy AND expand social programs without bruising your knees on the elite.
RT WHAT? You have said what tax code, payroll tax, income tax, or what! Voters need straight talk with fact based ideas. Then we night RT
Wow! As I read these tweets, "Do you think that Americans are a bit skeptical of things getting done?" Maybe called, "Mad as hell!" We care!
We can all talk and tweet. But can the Republicans get together on ANYTHING !!
@PamParker7 #TaxReform I agree that changes to tax code are needed.  I don't trust the GOP to do it alone.  I don't trust Perdue at all.
We sure do. Close those tax loopholes and avoidance schemes that allow major corporations to avoid paying their share and invest in 'Murica!
I would RT if I believed you actually meant these things and didn't just want to reduce the overall tax percentage/liabilities of the wealthy.
This tax reform being proposed will only cut taxes for the rich and will increase taxes for the middle class.  I ask you to vote no!
TRICKLE DOWN WON'T WORK. The largest cuts should go to the middle class not the richest.
As a constituent, I would much prefer that you work on improving government for all citizens, not just big donors.
RT if you agree that HR25, the most studied tax plan that gets rid of the IRS should be considered in tax reform bill. #FairTax
Tax cuts for the 1% are NOT middle class and does not make us competitive.
Dude, nobody even believes you anymore. Enjoy your little spots on the shows now. You'll be out of a job in 2018.
Please help! I am a music teacher and am killed by the self employment tax!
Not by giving Trump and yourselves big tax cuts on the backs of hard working americans. Your brown nosing is showing again
What do we do if we don't have confidence that you and the GOP can deliver on these promises? #gapol
Overhaul, change, replace, reduce. I don't care what word you use. Or who gets the most benefit. But I know for myself, I need tax relief.
I mean, yeah but I doubt any republican tax plan would actually DO any of those things... #DoBetter #FailedPriorities
Then eliminate the abundance of tax loopholes businesses exploit to get out of paying their fair share
#1 Health Care; #2 Tax Reform; #3 Infrastructure; Ops, make those 2, 3 and 4, #1 should be get rid of Trump, Pence, and GOP leadership.
Are there or have there ever been good Republicans? I'll settle for halfway decent, not puppets. Moore and Strange. More strange Republicans
Ike was the last decent Republican IMO.
Dang, that far back?
2020 going to vote Ur ass out of Office. You are not looking out for our interest. And you have proved it for the past 2 years

Voter 
30083
No
If this doesn't get 10 million retweets, you need to go sit in a corner. There are real issues in the world: Russia, PR, NK. Focus
Tax cuts are not tax reform
Term limits.   that's what we are thinking.   We're sure you going to fuck it up anyway.   Wheres the 15%, BTW?
Reducing corporate taxes doesn’t increase wages. We need wage reform!
Is that going to happen this year? I would appreciate an answer from you, 
Georgia resident.
No David, first let see @realDonaldTrump and your tax returns then we can talk
Puerto Rico
I'm sorry I can't like this 100 times.
Pretty much all your supports on Twitter have the hallmarks of Bots... interesting don'tcha think?
Lol, I almost NEVER see supporters for this tool. Makes me wonder how he beat Nunn.
The rates are not low enough. Fed Govt is far too big and useless. You and other govt employees are paid far too much.
Gee, David, let's see: 
1st, close corporate tax loopholes
2nd, stop sweetheart deals to industries 
#KochsOwnYou
Tax cuts for the rich are not the way to grow the economy & expand the middle class. We've tried it for years. Trickle-down does not work.
You know what would really help the middle class? If they could actually afford their health insurance again.
We have to overhaul and push all Republicans of any kind out and than fix our problems GOP WILL WORK ONLY FOR THE WEALTHY
Move to Cuba, ufckgassh
What you mean by "overhaul the tax code" and what I mean by it are two completely opposite things. Not a useful phrase.
You sound just like a rhino. I voted for you but if a Judge Roy Moore runs against you he'll get my vote.
You know what would make America more competitive? Rebuilding our infrastructure. Removing the spectre of bankruptcy from medical bills.
And as far as your tax cut helping lower & middle-class folks...well...let's just say Congress--Democrat & Republican--has a track record.
Go campaign with your new bff Roy Moore
You're funny. The tax code changes will only help the rich (and your donors).  Trickle down doesn't work and doesn't help your constituents.
Macine Waters, Nancy Pelosi, bernie sanders, Hillary Clinton. ?.all are super rich.
I don't agree with you on hardly anything.  You're in Trumps back pocket.  Not impressed with your business skills either.  NO retweet
