how does increasing military spending on what is already the biggest military in the world make business sense??!!
ask ANY AMERICAN, Repub or Dem, and I bet you they'll say spend that $56 bil at home or not at all.
Strong military is spending at home. Cut welfare, foreign aid, and refugee spending. USA FIRST
USA FIRST indeed, so rather than spending money on guns, we invest in our schools & roads?
I am a teacher and am happy that w Devos we will finally improve our school system. $ won't fix it
GA's TownHall process is broken.@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson are not moving at constituents' pace, but their own. Fix it.
Right, bc cutting a few million from the arts will solve everything as u give rich tax breaks & inc defense spending?
What's wrong with defense spending? Our last President sent $100 billion to Iran to help improve their defense.
that was money already owed to them! Geesh! Do your research.
I understand that, but it should've never been paid. They're the biggest sponsor of terror in the world.
please know the facts. There was going to be a tribunal in Hague & it was predicted that U.S. would lose so they settled
gonna be covered in #TrumpTaint for a long time.
and I'm not gonna let him forget it
I'm w/ya  can't wait to vote against him in 2020
And failing to consider consequences or complexities along the way. Also, the goals of govt and of business are different.
Really???? Drumpf wants to add $54B to defense budget??  How is this fiscally responsible?????????????
what do you plan to do about it, or are you just going to keep pointing at the problem and expect full credit?
and that's saying something because I already thought you were waaaaaaay out of touch.
the gov't is not a for-profit corporation. You and @POTUS need to stop using it as your personal wealth generator. #greed
This is funny. I have been in both. There is ZERO difference in the speed of a budget process. #AlternativeFact
Glad to know who his croonies are for future reference.
@SenatorIsakson

one more time YOUR CONSTITUENTS WANT A FULL INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF TRUMP/RUSSIA TIES.DO YOUR JOB, WE R WATCHING
he's certainly destroying the country in record time...
Do your job and work in behalf of the American people, not this corrupt administration in bed with Russia. Shameful!
Putt military is already bigger than next 7 countries in spending combined! Why more @ expense of education, arts,air
newsflash sweet pea - the government is not a business.
adding $54B to defense and $1T to infrastructure along with tax breaks for the rich is a recipe for disaster!
just make sure you don't make it worse.
how about cutting Trump's travel budget? That would be a good start.
listen to your constituents - mass deportations, the wall, beefing up the mil budget, all are a waste of our hard earned $$
are you seriously comparing being president to how 45 ran his businesses? You are more out of touch that I thought.
This administration is broken and you are complicit. I'm your constituent, but you are not representing me.
Thank goodness he represents the majority of our state.  Trump's budget  aligned with what most want.
Are you going to "fix" it at the expense of the middle class?  Looks like it to me.
spending $20m on a wall that is not effective nor needed is a waste. Invest in education and healthcare
Agree, it is time Congress got off their duffs & go to work ie everyone else in private business & get the job done.
and you don't know what your constituents want because you won't meet with us.
ok, so no border wall & no defense increase? If you are serious about reducing debt you will vote no on trump's plans.
don't forget about big tax cuts
indeed, 140 character limits my thoughts
just mention it next time :-)
it shan't happen again
And yet they want to build a wall that costs enough to end homelessness in America and you have no issue with that.
You and your cronies are so dirty, just reading your tweet makes me want to shower. You're a potus pocket puppet.
both of you are shams, grifters and not nice people.
@jaketapper @POTUS Stop calling this pig president. Do not normalize him. #LiarInChief #PutinsPuppet
@jaketapper @POTUS 
massive debts? 
On verge of bankruptcy? 
No problem, just get daddy to bail you out!
#trumppolicy
Government is not a business. What's broken is your party's soul. Fix that! @jaketapper #keepingitreal
Ja de hogy lehet  nm ertem
Cut cut cut! Save SS & Medicare! Zip up economy! This Georgian is for you and POTUS! It's why we voted him in. #MAGA
you're a clown. Looking forward to your election.
you're an embarrassment to Ga, another Trump minion who is not doing his job. Trump is out of control. Vote against u
stay on Trump Train senator
DT is not aligning policies with American priorities. He is tweeting & golfing & lying. Pls hold a town hall ASAP!
inflate defense spending at the cost of the environment? I think your priorities are skewed.
don't you think a government pace is there to make sure the people's resources are cared for and used appropriately?
You are blatantly ignoring our priorities.
this seems like a good time to remind you of his many, many failed businesses, bankruptcies, lawsuits, & SCAMS
if a Democrat did 1/10 of what Trump has you guys would roast them, and rightly so. But on a fellow Repub? Nada.
shows where your loyalty is. Not with the American people, that's for sure.
considering how awful his budget is i wish he was moving at a "David Perdue has a Town Hall" pace
also, you want to talk about gov being broken? How about a Congress who won't conduct an investigation into Russia?
can you have a townhall to help educate those you represent. Livestream it
435 congress members and 33 senators for re election in November 2018. VOTE
In the words of John Oliver, "Tick tock"..
president Bannon wants defense increase to pay for a war. You're with that?
the @POTUS on suggests congress approves, basic civics, wonder if you ever learned that? We are in debt because of @GOP 
@jaketapper why don't you hold a town hall to talk to us about it, then
POTUS is broken! Time to support a bipartisan investigation into Trump Russia connection. Who owns Trump debt?
It is time to work at business pace, the US government us the worlds largest business, time to act like one.
Do you have the 60 votes to overturn the rule about non-defense cuts not being used for defense spending?
which Am. people? The working poor? The homeless? The elderly? The disabled? Nope, nope and nope
@jaketapper @POTUS obama would have increased debt by another 10 trillion like he did in the last decade
Trump: who knew healthcare was so complex? Um, everyone who works in healthcare, more complicated than big buildings
we all knew Trump was. a failed businessman, all his EOs have been a mess, he is going to make a mess of this too
You are sooooooo out of touch with your constituents. Looking forward to finding a progressive substitute.
also, drumpf has a habit of talking big & bankrupting companies until only Russians are willing to invest
POTUS is not your boss, we are. Make ACA better not defunct, denounce the wall, and we'll get behind budget reform.
Your comments are astounding by their lack of understanding about why govt exists. Increase military spending???!!!
If @sendavidperdue and @POTUS were so serious about reducing debt, why would you boost military spending by 10% and not mention it here?
funny you're knocking the pace at which the government moves. How long have you been in government?
the Republicans have not even been able to agree among themselves on a budget - GOP is the problem.
@jaketapper @POTUS good luck with that
@jaketapper @POTUS and so tax cuts yay!
Senator - Congress controls the budget process, not the president. I know you're a newbie but you should know this.
@jaketapper @POTUS I purpose a reduction in government spending on defense of 15% with 100% of the savings to go to the debt
I guess you think it's a good use of my tax dollars to send DT to #MaraLago every weekend. How do you sleep at night?
@jaketapper @POTUS So who spent all that money? #congress Who took in less in #taxes? Who is responsible? 3 guesses.
@jaketapper Georgians would love to discuss budgets, but you seem to be hiding from us.
@jaketapper @POTUS is increase for our military or Russia's? Suspect will get Putin's wish list soon.
Russia!!! Investigate now!!
uh, you did see he wants to RAISE military spending while cutting programs for vulnerable ppl? And BILLIONS for wall
I have some thoughts. How about a town hall?
@jaketapper @POTUS we do not need s bigger military. No more dead soldiers. Fix roads/bridges.
@jaketapper @POTUS What about the release of Trump's tax returns? Don't businesses care about that?
@jaketapper   US economy can't go bankrupt. Can it? By golly, @realDonaldTrump has filed so many, cant keep track. God 
@jaketapper @POTUS Sad to see Georgia's own blindly following 45 off a cliff. Aren't you an American first?
@jaketapper @POTUS Not gonna happen. Rs could care less about debt and when they r in power.  Puhleasssseee!
Where does $80 billion for bombs and fences fit in with the "American peoples' priorities?" Have you talked with any?
stop comparing governing to business. It's disingenuous/reminds us why you are uniquely biased/unsuited to judge. smh
If you guys cannot pursue a clearly warranted  investigation of Trump, it is you who are broken.
@jaketapper @POTUS   Part of SS is entitlement must go. If parent died then SS pays for children to 18 But 4 college. No
Most don't know why SS called entitlement when we paid in Must change so entitlement portion gone.
I'm American.

Bleeding the EPA/State/others to beef up military-industrial complex is not in my interest.
his "spending priorities" are to drastically increase the military budget and slash everything else. Christ.
and that's part of the problem. It's your job to  be deliberative.
@jaketapper @POTUS it's the Politicians who made Social Security need saving .. a lot of good they'll do
@jaketapper @POTUS Has anyone considered Civic Governance isn't a business but an overseeing of public necessities?
@jaketapper @POTUS is not making decisions at a business pace. He just starts fires and his team tries to make sense.
@jaketapper @POTUS Too bad he's increasing spending on the one thing we don't need more money for.
@jaketapper  Businesses go out of Business and Bankrupt if their ideas are stupid and the lawsuits come in.  Not Government.
The country is not a business. Nor should budget be based on"business priorities". False equivalencies.
@jaketapper @POTUS What, he getting a $20 trillion dollar loan from his Pops. SCP is a joke. Sad.
@jaketapper @POTUS bullshit
please stop calling ss and Medicare entitlements...I pay for it out of my check and it should be there for all of us!
EARNED BENEFITS!!!
@jaketapper @POTUS that isn't true. Businesses wouldn't get so much wrong.
@jaketapper @POTUS Budget process may be broken but debt has nothing to do with it.
@jaketapper @POTUS Spend money on investigations of the President and his corrupt family. Then all Repub.'s face the music.
@jaketapper @POTUS hmm, that sounds a lot like tax hikes for the wealthy.
@jaketapper I would not worry if congress would check POTUS! I fear this will not happen. Left to journalism/Judiciary
Don't forget, Trump's budget process is "spend, spend, spend and when you spend too much, then file bankruptcy.
how does it feel to be a Russian bootlicker?
@jaketapper @POTUS  charity begins at home Sen Perdue should begin with fixing issues for Americans in Georgia.
@jaketapper I'm an American & those aren't my priorities, I would rather my fellow Americans treat preexisting conditions
@jaketapper like a 50 billion increase in military spending and 20 billion wall? I think not.
@jaketapper @POTUS I have a hard time looking at Trump's proposals and concluding it's a great way to decrease the deficit.
@jaketapper @POTUS   You really can't be this ignorant, Perdue.
Hey Dave, Do your job and hold this administration accountable.
@jaketapper @POTUS 54 billion in defense spending. You are a joke
@jaketapper @POTUS yeah and let's build a stupid wall but cut EPA funding ; great priorities for the 1%
@jaketapper @POTUS  #POTUS IS FLAWED. WASHINGTON IS BROKEN. The behaviors are criminal and it's calculated and intentional.
I'm excited for less healthcare and more corrupt businessmen in the White House! Thank you for standing up for this!
So in other words you are gonna find money for the  wall healthcare be damned.
@jaketapper @POTUS More "famous last words".
@jaketapper @POTUS so to sum this up,last eight years wasted along with trillions of dollars.and media was were?
You seem confused about who controls the budget process. My copy of the Constitution says it is Congress.
THANK YOU!!! It's like Trump has relieved them of duty.  Ya know what? We have people to vote for!
, please push to get repeal
and who knew healthcare would be so complicated?? Good gravy POTUS is clueless
healthcare Shld not b complicated. Like everything elsr, if its complicated, it must b corrupted.
He actually said that he did not know that healthcare was so complicated. We all knew that. How come he didn't?
yeah, but does he have to talk so much?  Do the things and keep silent & off Twitter.
