Work with a  2  week vacation time in a year like the rest of us
I'll RT if you agree to do your job and answer questions for your constituents in a town hall format.
Shame on you! This is all nonsense when you refuse to meet with your constituents. Your sole goal is to get rid of ACA taxes-disgraceful!
Gosh, that'd be great. I assume that means you are putting country before party and insisting on DTJr investigation? #countrybeforeparty
Meeting with a lawyer is NOT AGAINST THE LAW! Democrats meet with Russians: A-ok. The Trumps do it: Investigation! Hypocritical much?
Lighten your work load fully Repeal Obama care. That's what you all ran on" pull it out branch, root and all" remember?
Results must be inclusive of our representatives.  When you are exempt, You keep our results hurtful!
If by “results” you mean actual access to healthcare, education, environmental protection, and women’s rights, then yes.
No I don't agree with you David Perdue.  This bill is a death bill, not a healthcare bill.
I applaud you get results for the American people. That means the republiKKKan cockroaches in congress are leaving?
OUR elderly ($800 MO SocSec) pay property taxes WHILE SLEAZY CORPORATE EXEC Trump CONTINUES lawsuits to DODGE them.

Improve ACA - all other proposals are NOT in best interests of citizens. Stop defending idiocy and incompetence #CountryOverParty
The results being a cruel & damaging #wealthcare plan? No thx, come home & let's have a serious chat about who you're actually representing.
I worked 4 CPA;Jan-Apr15:7am-7pm some days, &6days/wk.Taxpayers know long hours &expect r Reps 2 work as long/hard as we do.
Time to strengthen the ACA so more Americans can get affordable healthcare.
You care about the people? You would've fought Obama and the Dems with the same brutality you fight Trump. We elected him, work with him.
We the people expect results now ! 
We deserve representation. Let's repeal & replace @David Perdue and any other sen who won't hold town meetings
Do NOT vote for the revised version of the AHCA! People like me born with pre-existing conditions deserve to be protected!
You mr Big wit DA Trumpie family.. BUt theyll chuck u under the Bus too, so listen to the people that Voted for u, not your GrifterKING
17% approval for your crap last minute Bill..7 years of CRYING and now this? you are asking to be VOTED OUT SOON  SAD!
Please don't screw us just because you're embarrassed about how you haven't screwed us yet.
Sen. Purdue I am a GA republican and I support the Cruz/Lee healthcare plan. It's the kind of choice "we the people" voted for in 2016.
Do the work. Fix the ACA. Repealing is the most cowardly thing you could do, and decidedly not for the American people.
Fix it? It was a failure from Day 1. You'd know if you read it. You can't build a home (or healthcare) on a broken and unstable foundation.
1. Do something about incompetent and treasonous POTUS in bed with Putin.
I do but why no bipartisan support for such a simple issue?
When are you coming home to face us? You're voting for your wallet and not for your constituents.
http://www.newser.com/story/245672/5-changes-in-the-gops-revised-health-care-bill.html … "Indeed, Medicaid cuts are mostly unchanged".This is your idea of 'results'?! Try harder. #NOREPEAL #singlepayor
Important stuff going on RIGHT NOW in your job. Maybe focus on that instead of blabbing on & on about all the stuff you're gonna do in Aug?
Keeping Obamacare taxes is a slap in the face to your voters.  This new plan is a bailout for Obamacare.  Another broken promise
It's also a major tax cut for the rich.  This is not reform!!
"I really haven't seen it," Sen. David Perdue demurred, as he fled a storming flock of journalists.   YOU ARE A TRAITOR.
Also, your cousin Sonny Perdue seems to help farmers keep illegal aliens.
Please work to decrease welfare so Americans take the jobs.
Not sure what you mean but Americans don't want those jobs. Talk to my farming friends in South GA. They can't find enough people.
Based on the grammar and structure of her tweets...she's a bot
Yeah, how about a healthcare bill that helps Americans instead of insurance companies???? That would be swell, thanks!
And I believe you said #TermLimits are a great motivator for making congress actually do work.
It's time @sendavidperdue 2 meet, FACE-TO-FACE w your #constituents in #TownHall & #ListenUp  #StopHiding behind big$ donors RT if you agree
Appropriation bills need to be passed.
Just saw you are co-sponsoring the bill to severely restrict LEGAL immigration and make it "merit" based. You are a disgrace to GA.
Repeal fully Obama care. You promised.
Repealing the Affordable Care Act is not the answer. Why do you insist upon going down with Trump's garbage administration?
We have no faith in you do represent Georgians and Americans in DC. Your party is a sellout to corp interests, and you march lock step w em.
Only if the results are good for all not just wealthy & privileged.
Partisan hack
WHY do you want to block LEGAL immigrants? Sounds to me like you are part of a shader past of the USA.
What kind of results do you want?
Sir, you are constantly looking for opportunities in front of the camera to prove yourself to Kochs while ignoring us in GA. No Tcare!
We are ready for you to be a check & balance on the Exec Branch. #DoYourJob
It's time for you to represent people, not corporations. It's time for you to stop blindly following Trump. Worry about the country's fate.
The American Cold Civil War continues today. Time to move to www.conventionofstates
Fix the problems with ACA, not cteate more problems with a new bill. Its mean and sbameful to kick so many off with new healthcare.
The result we want is you standing up for your constituents. When will you do that? What do you stand for? Your position or your people?
He stands for whatever Trump-or anyone who throws cash at him- wants.
Results for the American people or the 1%?
We'll be keeping track of whether you actually get those four things done. And whether you actually do a good job
That hologram of you at the podium is so REAL! Can we have one?
No on Trump Care
Ok then resign! That's a good start
It's time to work with Dems to improve ACA
PLS Senator, talk 2 @RepDougCollins 2 begin expulsion of Rep. #ScottHamann. We must NOT allow members of Congress 2 THREATEN LIFE OF @POTUS.
If by results, you mean keep healthcare for the many, rather than give tax cuts to the few. Yes! But you're not that kinda guy. Sad!
I left a message for you this morning. Healthcare is a human right. It shouldn't matter your income or the size company you work for.
Why don't you just worry about voting no on this disaster of a healthcare plan and go from thee
Time to govern instead of hunt witches! We're tired of this! Fix it
Would prefer you come back and listen to constituents (the blue ones too) instead of staying and shoving a crappy HC bill down our throats
No town meetings at all. At least @JohnnyIsakson has had telephone town hall meetings. Ignore us & we will ignore your re-election needs.
If you care about Georgians you will vote NO on Trumpcare. That is a bill that will hurt and abandon thousands of children, elderly & others
Bipartisanship! That's what I want to see. It will be hard but it's the only thing that will stick. Good job on the bill for vets, too!
Jared Kushner should have his security clearance revoked.
Please tell us you're stepping down.  Along with the rest if your cronies.  Y'all have failed to do anything. Except keep your healthcare.
Unfortunately, you're working against the American people.
NOT going to retweet. It's time for you to come home and hold a town hall. #youworkforus
As a conservative Georgian fully agree. Lot should have been done by the GOP. Unfortunately too much distraction by WH has not allowed that.
WH ineptness,collusion didn't keep @gop from fixing #Aca or suitable replacement  The problem is their own ineptness.
Ur big accomplishment is cancelling ur vacation? Wow, finally doing something.
Making grandiose statements in front of tv cameras is not working for the people--namely, your constituents in Georgia. #doyourjob
He likes to hear himself speak & figures he should stick with what he's good at...because he sure isn't into representing his constituents.
you have more people complaining that you suck than likes. It's sad. You keep doing the same thing, you'll lose 2020
Repeal !!!!!!!Repeal!!!!!
I thought you are against death penalty?- that's exactly what repeal is.
Bullcrap! Lies lies!! There wasn't death before obama care
Wow, thin skinned much? Of course there was.What do you think happens to people wo insurance. You can't be pro-life & be against healthcare
Absolutely , I don't believe in govt getting involved in healthcare , I'm not paying for others health care! REPEAL!!!!
Then take pro life and anti death penalty off your profile. Hypocrite
I think I just did.
Results would be nice. But not the ones you're chasing. Hope you live up to busting ass on your would-be recess. We want representation.

UNethical CORPORATE Republicans keep their eye on the ball: $$$ payoffs from their CORP donors. Here we go again with ANOTHER GOP RECESSION.
Once the American people (WE) vote you out, we will get it right....
No one in business gets a recess - its an antiquated rule. Get some work done @SenateGOP !
Infrastructure:  Definitely could use high speed rail and other methods.
Thank you for your efforts to forego the break and achieve a win for the American people..yes, even the ones who haven't awakened yet. #MAGA
Trump campaigned on Term Limits..  you can draft a bill for that!
Healthcare:
Fix the ACA... it's a great start.  Scrapping it and starting over is not productive.  And McConnells plan is horrible.
The Majority of American People have told you we DO NOT like what you are doing! We have told you what we want & you IGNORE US! @SenateGOP
Also, appreciate whatever you can do to eliminate the deficit without contracting the money supply.
I support @RepMarkMeadows in his determination that no budget be passed without the BORDER WALL funded.
We've been played for decades.
That wall is a waste of time and money. @sendavidperdue has more important work, like healthcare reform.
And by American people you mean billionaires, yes?
Either that or Russians. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
2020.
So why are you holding news conferences and grandstanding. Go do something.
It's time to host a town hall for your constituents. RT if you agree.
Can we please make this have more RTs than original? #thatllshowhim
