You continue to ignore us! #TownHall NOW #YouWorkForUs #ResignNow
Can someone return your sanity?
So you're looking forward to polluted water and air and escalating climate change, good for you. #badsenator
Do you actually believe this bull ? Once again you've proven you don't care about what the people of GA want!
What's in this for both of you besides money? You don't care about the American people at all.
I'm looking forward to working with other constituents to return sanity to GA representation when you're up for reelection, @sendavidperdue
If you had allowed Senate to do it’s job we might have learned BEFORE @ScottPruittOK was confirmed
Have met many former Republicans recently in GA. People are switching parties b/c of you & #45. Your seat is no longer safe.
You forgot the "in-" in front of sanity; wait for it....
I have never been involved in politics because I assumed my representatives had our best interest in mind. You do not. Shame
isn't this week supposed to be working in your states? What are your plans exactly? Besides fundraising?
if by destroying the EPA sanity returns then I guess your right. #Resistance
EPA is there to protect the people and environment. Pruitt is there to protect corporate profit. #priorities
you support a man who scoffs at regulation? Guess you didn't grow up breathing dirty air. Insane.
Pesticides and pollutants hammer us.  Think long term not short term What good are jobs in a filthy world
Look forward to seeing you soon!!  Then in 2018 you will be held accountable for your actions.
you will be held accountable for selling us out
would love to discuss this in a town hall meeting.   Way to make a vote against Mother Earth.
You are on the wrong side of science, sir, but let's talk about it at a town hall meeting. We're waiting.
Trying to fill your pockets since you are going to be forced out of office soon??
it's been the hottest winter on record in Georgia. #ClimateChange is real, and we need the @EPA to make our  sustainable!
Overreach to want clean air&water?If you were a Christian you'd know stewardship's a directive frm GOD #gapol
You mean the guy who sues the EPA?  That Scott Pruitt?
And i look forward to voting you out of office for your irresponsible views.
Science is not something you have the knowledge to question but your motives are easily questioned, $$$$$$$$$
Whu is Destroy the environment the republican agenda,too dumb to know we need clean water and air to live.
Hopefully,industrial waste will soon find its way,to your neighborhood.
Sen. Perdue: I look forward to voting against you.  You've been a disappointment in office.
Good luck. The long term costs will be very high. Hope we get good health care.
u both are jokes willing to destroy this planet for a quick buck. Your constituents will not allow it
Georgia has no vibrant economy, nor its citizens public health, without a clean environment.
Right, because allowing companies to pollute the shit out of the air, soil, and water is totally sane.
I do not agree with your vote to confirm Pruitt. He is not appropriate.
we are watching. What will your legacy be? Destroy the environment at your peril. #DoYourJob
Mercury Rule costs are $9.6 billion. Benefits $37 to $90 billion per year @EPA #epalove
Pruitt's record shows he does not give a hoot about clean air and water. Just admit you put $$ before planet.
In 2020, the Clean Air Act Amendments will prevent over 230,000 early deaths @EPA #epalove
Clean Air Act benefits exceed costs by a factor of more than 30 to one @EPA #epalove
I hope that coal water goes down smoothly. Cheers!
it will be nice when you guys don't have to pretend to care that a focus on profits hurts our environment
Time to meet with your Atlanta constituents in person to hear what we think! Stop hiding!
The ways & means committee has the power to look at Trump tax returns...GOP in congress ARE the cover-up #GOPcoverup
So in this case u define "sanity" as total decimation? So-called Christians forgetting about stewardship SAD!
You are continuing to ignore your constituents' wishes and needs.
Shameful. Are you going to come to Athens and explain to the EPA workers why you voted to take away their jobs?
come to @Cityofatlanta and tell us that personally Senator. Face the very people who elected you and tell them why in person
we will see how long this one lasts.  How come you can't come to a town hall or meet with constituents?
As a new voting resident of Georgia, I am ashamed of your vote. You should be a steward of the earth, not a debaucher.
how is clean air & water not good 4 all? You r a sellout, a coward. U r not 4 ur constituents. #VoteHimOut
It seems @sendavidperdue has forgot who he works for..US! Spec Interest groups line his pockets. #VoteHimOut ASAP #uniteBlue @ScottPruittOK
What crap - how do you nominate someone to run an organization that they actively oppose? EPA = important
SANITY!? Excuse me! When the boat is sinking you plug the hole and get the water out, NOT BLAST ANOTHER HOLE!
I weep at this insanity. You call yourself a person of faith and yet you recoil at protecting God’s creation.
Wait, just thought of a better one:  We won't hold our breath waiting for you to do the right thing.
We need to clear the air. Our voices aren't just water under the bridge. (See what I did there?) We need a #TownHall
Do you really think your constituents are that stupid?
Please explain how you will protect GA's natural resources, while holding corporate polluters accountable
Where are you Sen? The people of Georgia want dialog with you. We sent you to DC to rep us. Need Town Hall
U lie Just another party over country  vote
are you as delusional as President Trump? You have put in place the most unqualified people!!!
looking forward to buying clean air in bottles like the Lorax. #savetheearth
Clearly you aren't paying attention or you  more about $$ than people. Can't wait to vote against you.
No he doesn't, No he won't, and you are completely wrong. He will set us back Many years, and it's on you!
I like clean air and water.  The GOP is not Pro-life, only pro-birth.  You will kill this planet.
stop being a  to holding a town hall.
hey pal!  Can't wait to see you in person - say town hall?  We have so much to discuss - you seem to be on the wrong track.
don't F&$k with our environment. It's taken 40 years to clean it up. Leave it that way.
wait wait wait, the fracking related earthquakes in Oklahoma is sanity? Mr. Senator, you need your head ed.
You will be voted out..
as a constituent I'd be looking forward to a town hall with you, but you won't schedule one. @AtlantaMarch
shorthand for exploiting our environment resources and public health for corporate profits
he's going to eliminate the EPA!
worst of all you brag about it. You say it's what GA wants? Smog? Chemicals? Pollution for profit? Climate change denial?
I just want to thank you for your support on education and the environment.  You are a joke!#richjoke
how can you call environmental destruction and cover up "sanity"?You trade Mother Earth for money and greed. Suicide for all
this is not a political issue. we have one earth. there is no undestroying it. Who will explain to our kids?
I would really like to discuss this at a #TownHall
There must be some pollutant in your water that has damaged your frontal lobe, your eyesight and hearing.
you just doomed future generations. Toxic air and contaminated water. How can you look at your grandkids?
Hey #GOPtoady, once again you are not listening to your constituents. Better start paying attention; 2020 will be here soon.
2020....can't wait!!
Looking forward to voting for your opponent, to return sanity to DC. I'd like a clean environment, thx.
I wish you were kidding,  good luck in retaining your seat #globalwarming #replacesenateseats
AUDIT.Audit! Did you Know the EPA has been ? clean # SUPERFUNDED sites, $ for YEARS STILL NOT DONE...AUDIT!
You work for the American people, not corporate polluters. We are opposed to your agenda and won't  go away
you love money more than people #getout
you don't value life on this planet #getout
you don't value clean water #getout
you don't value clean air #getout
This saddens me. The health of our environment affects ALL. Your short-sightedness will be remembered when I vote. #EPA
if you can't figure out better solutions #getout
you lack a knowledge of science #getout
#STOPPRUITT~sent many emails & voicemails~air we breath and the water we drink-protect at all costs
maybe you should watch winter on fire it's a movie #get out
let that work be based on science-not old ways of thinking. Climate change is a fact not a belief. @ScottPruittOK
you don't deserve to be a senator #getout
you are in cahoots with 45 #getout
you failed your oath #getout
you do not represent Georgia #getout
you are not a fit senator #getout
tough to take you seriously re "sanity" when what's going on the WH is going on and you've said nothing.
I hope they put major restrictions on Monsanto from poisoning our soil and water...ITS TIME!!
.@sendavidperdue @ScottPruittOK You passed a law allowing mining companies to contaminate drinking water supplies. Get rekt. #resist
what? I'm a native Georgian and need to speak to you about this asap. I expect a town hall soon.
You. Are. The. Worst.
.@sendavidperdue @ScottPruittOK you realize you've now pissed off R's involved in fisheries & wildlife, right? There are a lot of them in GA
may your lungs choke on polluted air and you take a nice long drink of poisoned water.
you've gone too far David. I shan't be voting 4 you again unless you do a 180 on your climate change position #ActOnClimate
Town Hall NOW @ScottPruittOK and @realDonaldTrump are scumbags. What does that make you?
yeah you keep telling yourself that and your grand children will inherit a scorched earth -- literally
I love reading your Twitter for all the sick burns. A large # of your constituents actively despise you.
Which of Pruitt's specific policies or positions do you think will protect the environment?
when is your next townhall???
dude, you're both awful. Georgians/Americans deserve better.
So the degree of protection will now be in relationship to the profits able to be made? SAD!
#JoePlumber
Disgusting . That's all I can say.
Those rules you don't like bc you have to spend $ following them are there to keep people like you from killing us all.
did anyone tell him there is no money left because Trump and his family are getting rich off of our tax $?
I so can't wait to get you out of office. You do not represent GA!
Wow! Just wow. This is a crock of shit! Denying climate change and polluting our rivers, and now you want this guy??? 
really? No need to vet him or check out his emails or anything? Investigations are only for democrats?
The EPA should not consider the economic costs of regulation. Their focus should be solely on the environment
Sen. Perdue, your grandchildren will inherit a broken world and know you broke it. #Persist #Resist
when is #townhall ? Why won't you schedule one with yourself?
count me as another displeased constituent. This confirmation is shameful and embarrassing.
, no town hall , nothing but Obama/OFA trolls!!!
did you get hacked?
- Keep not listening to your constituents.  We will vote you out. #doyourjob
Exactly what do you mean by "restoring sanity?" I'm your constituent and would like to know!
He's certainly not our (your constituents) choice. We can do much better for our environment. Signed, 30064
You mean to work to destroy our environment.  Will we see you at the march for science on earth day?
I look forward to voting you out and returning some sanity to the US. #YouWorkForUs #RESIGNNOW
It's disgusting the way you've just shown that you don't care about your constituents' health or safety @sendavidperdue @ScottPruittOK
Your constituents would love to discuss your position at a town hall. When can we expect one? #youworkforus
We request a #TownHall
Shame on the both of you. Your blatant disregard for the environment and our planet is staggering.
name one over-zealous regulation!!
Looking forward to working with Pruitt to rape the environmental and destroy our children's future. Great job
I'm looking forward to you having a lot more time to fish the Hampton River-unless it's too polluted by '20
Grand Ol Party, line ur pockets from outdated ways. Get out of the past into today. No 1 lives there anymore
Clearly you two are the insane ones. Anything to make a buck off the backs of others, huh?
Now he shld copy T-Rex @StateDepts he fired nearly whole 7th floor & fire 75% of ppl @EPA #draintheswamp
EPA regulations keep America LIVABLE but you want to destroy it for greed. Amazing you can sleep at all.
Is it possible to "overzealously" pursue clean air, land, and water?
I happen to like clean air & water, I'm sure the majority of your constituents do as well. We're watching you
Great, please both of you go drink the water in Flynt. #gagirllovescleanwater #clarkhilllake #gavotehimout
When will the townhall be?
He won't show up.  He will be busy screwing up something else.
You put someone who has fought the EPA at every turn in charge of it? I'm your constituent. I'm appalled!
Disgusting. Hold a #townhall
and one more thing science is not a liberal agenda it's real. Unlike the alternative facts you guys spew.
finally companies will be able to poison the water again. Stupid EPA protecting our environment.
Town Hall NOW!!!
Draft you letters of apology to your grandchild and great grandchildren for leaving them a planet wrecked.
seriously? What a joke. You guys make your constituents sick. We are not going to take it.
once more you have enabled a corrupt regime.  Your efforts will not be forgotten. @ScottPruittOK
Are you under the impression Georgia has not become a swing state?
Hey @sendavidperdue looking forward to discussing @ScottPruittOK and his  record with you at a #townhall soon. Oh wait you won't have one
He doesn't care what we think. Thinks we're all a bunch, of paid protesters. He's so wrong!
I dunno @sendavidperdue says on his voicemail he wants to hear from GA voters. Seems perfect for a #TownHall
Well, won't that be special when the Chattahoochee spontaneously burns like the Cuyahoga did.
