When can we expect you to announce you will sit down-on camera- with media?We'd love to chat with you. But so far, no media?
Your schedule this week, every event, "Closed Media."  Is that being accessible to your constituents?
. @sendavidperdue is unreachable in person. We've been trying to get a town hall with him since January. Check his FB page, comments
. @sendavidperdue didn't win by big margin so we'll vote him out 2020. Problem is, until the, constituents get no representation.
7.7% (197,277-still substantial for GA) is not a small margin. Pretty standard actually. The Dem also raised/spent more $$
Not substantial for GA and not standard at all. Looking forward to voting Perdue out in 2020.
2002 the margin was 7% for Saxby. 2008 the margin for Saxby 3%  Again, 2014 for Perdue 7.7% - statistically
One election result in 2002 with the same margin doesn't make it a "standard"
amen
Only radical Dems wld critize & not seek w/Prez to make US successful 4 all Americans
#BlessYourBoughtHeart
turnaround alright ...gas$3 a gallon plus today
Bunch of bull. I am looking forward to working on your defeat if u run for reelection.


There's a city in your state called Atlanta. You should visit sometime.
"precipice of turn around" keep throwing shit on the wall.. something is bound to stick.potus had done squat so far
Sure do wish all you @SenateGOP would get up off your butts & get to WORK!!!!

if putting America first the provide heath care to them not just access keep Americans healthy would be a good start!
he is good at reading and you're delusional he's only in it for himself.  #IMPEACH NOW

ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS
his speech was filled with lies and taking credit for things he had nothing to do with. Stop putting party over our country
@philmonaco67 @POTUS If you and fellow republicans work as hard as this 70 yr old we will accomplish everything on his list.
That's our President!  Hopefully our nation will unite and MAGA!
Economy has been turning around for years. DJI on 1/20/09=8279; DJI on 1/19/17=19732. You & POTUS don't get credit for that.
Sir you're due a check and not just from DeVos - a reality check the next time your name is on a ballot.
We know you both can be bought.  Please tell @BetsyDeVos and her $23,400 to your campaign Georgia says hello.
No sir, you are incorrect @sendavidperdue @POTUS 
All he did was repeat the same divisive rhetoric, but in a calm big boy tone. 
Try again.
It also reaffirmed the Dems hatred of the idea.
Only thing @POTUS puts first is himself & his cronies. His speech was filled with lies, but that clearly doesn't matter to u
the right man for our bad times God bless trump
no substance and just because he acted like a big boy for the first time doesn't mean it will continue. Fix ACA
Surely u r not giving credit to a turned around economy to a Pres in office less than 2 months #thanksobama
Were you listening to the same speech? And America First is an old WWII sentiment tying into the Nazi regime.
what turnaround? The economy was growing. #ThanksObama #alternativefacts #liarsclub #treasonoustrump
@FAIRtaxOfficial Sen, NOW is time to show ur belief in the FAIRtax. Frees business & people from costly TX prep
@FAIRtaxOfficial FAIRtax does everything TX plans on table does but more thoroughly.
Dear Trump stooge: Speech said nothing. President doesn't listen. You don't listen.
Yes David Perdue Still Avoids Town Hall Meetings yet He claims to represent... Got to enjoy the salesman
your votes in the senate/support of EO has consequences. Moral clarity is not convenient, but mandatory. We see you.
please be men of a higher standard stop with #alternativefacts build on what was given and fix areas in need thanks
I liked the part where he grabbed lady liberty by the pussy, didn't you?
and you believe that Perdue? Just like you were purchased by @BetsyDeVos. It's time to #retire #noMorePerdue2018
@LouDobbs @POTUS Damn there's David Perdue..has time to tweet to Lou Dobbs but not his constituents..sorry as day is long
yes, blaming the Pentagon for a raid he signed off on "clearly puts America first". You're an idiot.
I thought you were a businessman? Claims @POTUS makes about economy are all Obama's work. You should understand that.
words words words words words. Let's see what action comes from it because one speech does not a good president make.
you're such a sheep. Come hold a town hall and hear how your constituents don't believe that for a second.
aGreat evening for Americans
Don't expect to be re-elected.
What a bunch of bs and you know it. Economy already turned around, no thanks to him. Do your job and stop the pandering!
when will you meet with your constituents?
America needs a President like this right now, Thank you President Trump we need optimism
happy day for USA 
No, no, no: make America AMERICA again. This is Fascism.
this President has a goal to MAGA.   He is going to be great!
We The People Stand In Total Agreement With Him. So Proud of Our President! @2izontwit22
Thanks Sen. We need to hear our GA leaders support our President. He was pure gold tonight. He's #ThePeoplesPresident
Great Job love President Trump
Thank you Sen. Perdue for supporting OUR Pres. signed a fellow Georgian
So impressed with The President!
both of you are out touch, we need a new senator in Georgia because the one we have is weak
@LouDobbs @POTUS It's about time the American people are put first! #MAGA
@LouDobbs @POTUS  He WAS FANTASTIC!!!
thanks so much for listening to me! NOT!! As usual you don't work for Georgians!!
your proposal makes my healthcare double! I came to your office and told my story how the ACA worked for me!
I love his heart so real and true.
@LouDobbs @POTUS
An Amazing President Trump
Trump took an oath to enforce our laws, that means ALL illegals must be deported of he lied!
the precipice of a turnaround thanks to Pres. Obama. OMG! What fools vote for you? Shame on you!
Good speech, presidential, showing he is listening and putting America first, speaking from his heart!
Speech written for him and read from TelePrompTer. The only reason the speech made sense and was less bullying.
this really screams putting us 1st."DOJ will 'pull back' from investigations into alleged civil rights abuses by local PDs."
#BrandNewCongress #CongressDoYourJob
literally no. Your constituent in Athens say otherwise. You don't get to speak for yourself but for people you serve
Yeah a bunch of Lies that he told like usual.
you need to hold a #TownHall !!! #YouWorkForUs #DoYourJob
FULL INDEOENDENT INVESTIGATION INTO TRUMP/RUSSIA TIES. Do your job. We are watching, we will not forget or go away
supporting #votersuppression bills that make it more difficult for ppl to vote is putting Americans first?
demonizing and banning media is putting Americans first? #WeWantTheTruth #transparency #democracy #FreePress
not allowing a special prosecutor to investigate @POTUS ties to #Russia is putting Americans first?
America first is a charged and potentially anti-semitic phrase. You should stop using it
attempting to defund Planned Parenthood is putting Anericans first? Millions depend on #pp for primary care.
you are putting your party over your country and your constituents
dismissing climate change & environmental protections is putting America first?
privatizing education is putting America first?
"Heartfelt?" The man's  a parasite, and you're  part of it. Georgia isn't  though. Hold a town hall and see.
choosing oil, money, and greed over indigenous treaties & sacred land is putting America first?
not focusing on  protection,equality, & justice for all ppl is putting America 1st? #Muslims #LGBTQ #Indigenous #minorities
tearing apart families through ICE raids & deportation is putting Americans first?
is this a satire account now?
ripping healthcare from millions of Americans is putting us first?
Maybe i will get health-care since i lost mine due to ACA
what about his tax returns & ties to Russia. Is keeping that from Americans putting us first?
regurgitation of irrelevant tripe
Pres Trump's speech was fantastic! Please support him in MAGA! Some of your supporters don't have ears... or brains.
what about police killing ~1k citizens/year. Where was that in the speech? I don't give a damn about Harley's on the WH Lawn
so what about his attack on #transkids a few days ago & no mention of them during his speech? That's putting America first?
so being a woman will soon mean (again) being a pre-existing condition? That's putting America first?
#AmericaFirst will create #AmericaAlone.  Do not help him destroy our democracy.  #DemsVote
were we listening to the same speech? You are part of the #swamp that needs to be drained.
he doesn't have the necessary equipment to give a heart felt commitment. More lies. And you fall in line.
senseless comment.
if he really wants to put America first he can start by agreeing to an independent investigation for #Trumprussia
how are the two related?
he promised everything to everyone. Huh?
delusion and entitlement is a sickness. You seem to have both.
The only person @realDonaldTrump puts first is himself. #NoSubstance
Pretty sure "putting america first" is listening to your constituents (a.k.a. tax paying citizens of the USA) David.
Can you name a Pres that has had more listening meetings in 1St month?  Any having just 1?  Just saying
Can I take a sip of what your party drinking?
Just WOW, what a speech what a postive message #MAGA Longest applause ever for Navy Seal Owens
Best speech I have ever heard! I'm 64. Understand?
Heartfelt??? He sounded flat to me.
and yet his winery is looking for foreign workers.......
and it is selling good
is it? Pretty sure hiring foreign workers cause u won't pay US workers fair wages isn't America 1st
We heard @POTUS make a joke about applause as a mother and widow cried. We hard him exploit a man's death. We heard him lie.
LOL NAH.
Speech tonight was more of the same. Lies, lies, lies.
name one.
She had nothing. I was not expecting any less of his speech. It was Epic 
Too many lies to list. People who support Trump's LIES have very low expectations.
Indeed!!
.@sendavidperdue @potus America first!
time will tell
You do realize that the economy didn't magically turn around on 1/20/17.
You have got to be kidding me.
no more than your march
