YOU are a failure. I'm self employed & the mother of a kid with CP. The ACA is the ONLY way we can buy insurance that covers our needs.
We are not profitable to insure. Without the ACA's protections for preexisting conditions & out of pocket maximums, my family is screwed.
I'd tell you this myself, but I've been unable to reach your office since this latest repeal started. Clearly, you don't want to listen.
Let me end by saying I dealt with the individual insurance market before the ACA & while not perfect, Obamacare is AMAZINGLY better.
Before Obamacare, my emergency C-section and NICU for my son cost us $17,000...AFTER insurance.
We couldn't afford the bill, but what was I supposed to do? Let my son die?
On the ACA plan we have now, our yearly out of pocket max for the family is $5000, meaning I will never be hit with a bill like that again.
That is insurance doing what it should: saving us from crushing medical bills. You want to take that safety away from us.
I #benefit from #ACA. Stop #repeal. answer is not making harder for #ALL to have #healthcare. That’s @GOP supermajority behavior. #work4GA
Only failure was GOP thinking it could ram this thru w/o due diligence. Stop attacking ACA & start working to improve it. Georgians want it!
Wrong
Failure?!  Ashamed, appalled of feeble government efforts for PR!  If this was a war planes would land, ships would dock!
Trying to pass off crap, without hearings, CBO scores. Too busy counting your Russian money. You aren't fooling anyone. #seeyouatthepolls
This Georgian is indeed fed up, with your cavalier attitude about taking away some people's healthcare. Elections are coming. #gapol
#wewillseehimatthepolls!
If I go to the hospital I plan on giving the 4 senators names as who they should bill for my deductible
No excuses! Every GOP member should have been shaking hands with every dem. You should have ask their opinion in the hallways. You flunked
Senator, please stop sabatoging the ACA and instead help your country fix what's wrong with it. That is what we Georgians want.
Despite your inhumane disregard for well being of constituents, repeal defeated and I will have health care. Thx McCain, @SenatorCollins
And stop catering to insurance companies & big pharma!
I disagree that cutting Medicaid is in the national interest. Our disabled son depends on waiver services.
You are absolutely correct @JaneGrillo
Cannot wait to vote you out
We’re fed up with you!!!
@sendavidperdue we want bipartisan answers to address healthcare - the bills @SenateMajLdr put together were awful!  #reachacrosstheaisle
We're fed up that you keep holding our healthcare hostage. Get on with doing your job and working FOR not AGAINST Georgians!
The best way to design something big is by working within a budget, consulting experts, engaging the community & planning for the long term
From what arcane text did you uncover this mystical & esoteric counsel?

A+
It's the only way large buildings actually get built.
Indeed! Sorry if the sarcasm was undetectable. Your concise & sober clarity just popped out in contrast to Perdue's sanctimonious spin!
Wow-you are making it happen and using faux outrage to sell. What a horrible thing to do to ppl who need. Just shameful!
Only correct part of that statement from our point of view is that political interests outweigh nat'l ones. You should rep all constituents!
You have been an active supporter of this repeal & replace failure since campaigning for your office. Own it and compromise with Democrats.
This Georgian is fed up with you as a Senator. Instead of repealing and replacing Obamacare I wanna repeal and replace you.
Here is an idea.... Why not work on fixing the issue? You guys didn’t even call on a vote and then go from there.
I disagree! The latest proposal would have been devastating to my family and MOST other Georgians we know!
You are so completely, totally and ridiculously out of touch with so many Georgians & Americans. You've lost my vote permanently.
The only failure has been your party's refusal to even consider #SinglePayer. People in our state are DROWNING in healthcare costs!
Wonder if he really believes that & if it is true that prez reached out to Schumer
You are so right.  Keep up the good work.  Maybe after we primary some of these RINOs, the people will prevail.
ACA has been sabatoged by YOU! YOU should be ashamed of the sham you and your "cut healthcare for the poor" fellow creeps are trying
Failure for you and the billionaire donors is victory and a chance for healthcare for all the citizens.
It's fascinating that the party of the "free market" refuses to offer a solution that allows companies to sell insurance across state lines.
You must not have gotten my emails, or you'd know that Georgias like me w/pre-existing conditions are relieved to still have health care!!
Funny. You can't blame Obama anymore. Lack of leadership and a plan caused Senate to fail once again.
Maybe it's not Obamacare that's failing but healthcare in general. Tends to happen when ppl who know nothing are making the rules!
Let's make the breaks on the lower and middle and keep that top 1% of the chain to pay more. Richest country in the world 
Didn't your party amend ACA multiple times? And what of the exec. order earlier this year, eliminating mandate, skyrocketing premiums?
Make it something that works for all Americans and you'll get a win.  The Administration doing everything they can to make it fail. Name it Trumpcare and then just fix it.
A GOOD bill would have no problem. That R&R "promise" was manufactured by haters of @POTUS44 who, along with voters, welcomed improvement.
Check your shoes @sendavidperdue-I smell something and it stinks.
Truly shameful, what the GOP is doing. And chief among the Trumpsters, you.
Have you no shame? Sixty plus attempts to destroy any  progress on America's HC. 

The 'Party Of NO'  has abundantly proven its perfidy.!
Your constituents do not want ACA repealed. Start improving the ACA, and stop wasting time trying to score political points.
While not a constituent, your vote affects my family. Looks like you want to sew division. Shame on you. Do your job in a bipartisan manner
A. You never actually tried to repeal it. B. You didn't really want to. The Democrats are at least honest about loving big government.
Dang never seen so many Dems & Bernie folks in my life in one spot. Twitter!
You don't give a rip about h/c for all! Just anything to get rid of the black man's work is your goal!  You r not even human!
Hahahahahaha. Your plan was garbage to begin with, and thankfully there are still people with a moral compass in the @GOP. You had 7 years!
You and the @GOP to come up with an actual solution to something that you see as a problem. How about working on an actual solution
And for a male privileged guy, you wear too much make up.
#ComeOutOfTheCloset Perdue, it is safe now.
You WANT people to be pissed at Obama care.  That's why you opted out of federal aide in Georgia.
Yes, I am fed up with R's coming up with bills in dead of night, and then trying to ram them through without CBO scores or hearings.
I want a bipartisan effort to review and fix any issues. We are one country, not two.
Maybe the failure is the fact that you rely on #fakenews. aca isn't perfect, but it saves lives. What your party proposed was way worse.
Wow, it sounds more like Georgians are fed up with your deaf ears more than anything else.
Mr. Perdue, there are 53 other senators out there that feel this plan is no good. Work with them and stop jerking Americans around!!
The worst bill put out so far. U need to start thinking about common man and what he can afford. Would 55 yr diabetic be able to afford?
No sir the failure in Washington is the fact that 3milloins America needs government help and you guys are beating a dead horse.
not fed up, work with Dems 2 stabilize. My wife hasbeen sick & ACA saved us from losing everything. I am your constituent, Decatur, 30032.
Also how you gonna critize Dems for passing legislation with zero bipartisanship, when that's exactly what you tried to do.
I mean, at least the ACA went through regular order. At least, you were able to debate and attempt to amend the bill.
Listen to @SenJohnMcCain and get BACK to regular order. Work with the opposition to make your legislation better. Fix the ACA!
Wake UP Senators!!!!!  The swamp will be drained.  Thank you for being on our side.  Your comrades need to start packing.  We are DONE!
The only thing I'm fed up with is your representation. Okay, okay. That's not the ONLY thing.
The only thing we are fed up with is you and your elitist partners who wish to not listen to their constituents
@sedavidperdue You're the absolute worst.
Pure BS. Thks from millions who will NOT lose ACA & die b/c Repug http://wailing.You  have your healthcare -Correct?
Actually most of us see it as a success.  But we are the actual people, and not the health industry corporations who fund your campaigns
Remember the thousands of people calling and protesting? You know... the people you "represent?" They were screaming to SAVE the ACA...
...not dismantle it simply because you've been making empty promises for 7 years. The reason OCare is struggling is b/c you've stripped it.
32 million people losing heath care is not in the national interest. Kudos to @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @RandPaul 4 doing what's right
You are such a pathetic joke to your elected position. YOUR party sank the repeal effort because a few of them have a CONSCIENCE.
It could have been fixed with a bi-partisan effort.  The Republican Party of no will always fail to accomplish anything.
Then you should get on board with a bipartisan effort to fix the ACA if you care so much..
And you being complicit in that sabotage.  Work with Dems to enhance and improve healthcare. Stop using everything as a means to divide us.
Maybe those 3 Rep. Senate Chairmen failed to support your efforts because your efforts are flawed. The only failure is Trump sabotaging ACA.
You asked Americans for nine years to formulate a replacement!  Doesn't the GOP have enough college grads on staff to deliver one overnight?
Sir, we Georgians are fed up with you--and Isakson too. You have taxpayer-funded healthcare. Lose it & buy on open market you love so much.
You really think that bill was better? How was it going to reduce premiums? You are pandering to your donors, not all Georgians.
Greater failure was your support for Graham-Cassidy attempt to steal healthcare from millions of Georgians and their fellow Americans.
We think you're a failure here in GA and we can't wait to vote you out in 2020.
Perdue. YOUR "work" for us GA constituents has been consistent - U consistently step on our backs to reach for a misguided "GOParty win"
Republicans are failures.  They are the party of NO.  Time to elect democrats.
Sorry to say Georgians are stuck with you, Where are the McCain's and Collins' to represent ALL Georgians.  Not just sycophantic lemmings
what don't you get?  It was a terrible, partisan bill.  It's not about repealing ACA, it's about giving ALL Americans good health care
Work together to make it great fun r the people.
You can chalk this up to a lack of leadership in your party.  Time to stop the partisanship in Washington.
This Georgia constituent of yours is NOT fed up with the ACA. I love it! Stop ignoring us. And stop trying to take away our health insurance
Naa man, I called your office telling you not to repeal. You listen to your citizens, not just your campaign donors. Grow a backbone.
Stop lying work to fix cost (medical, Rx) make available to all. Bring all players to the table and talk, make the deal-stop lying
Actually as a Georgian I am fed up with the garbage healthcare policies you support. #gapol
I’m fed up with your bullshit stance on pot, David.
I'm fed up with YOU and other Republicans trying to take health care away from Georgians.  Get with the program and fix it --not repeal!
No, do your job, meet with us and write a popular bill that will pass like I told you last time http://www.rethompsontravel.net/david.htm 
As your adoring president would say WRONG!  Not a failure, a victory for the average human.  Wake up senator...
FIX IT!
Further, you fail to reign-in this most destructive administration under Trump.  Step up or get out of the way.
The ACA was also made less able because of Repub's meddling and petulant fear that Pres Obama would succeed. You failed then and now.
Don't speak for me!! @gop is the failure in Washington. @GalvanizeGA @politicalinsidr
ACA = 20 million more now covered. GOP plans = 30 million lose coverage.  You'd make it worse than before the ACA.  Ergo, you're a dope.
The promise wsnt to jst repeal & replace w anything - it was to replace it w something that hd bttr outcomes - none of the GOP bills did.
Trying to engineer 1/6 of our nations economy outside regular order, no debate. No score. No amendment. No bipartisanship. THAT was the fail
Free tip: "Let's be clear" isn't an effective rhetorical strategy, senator. It's your tell.
Take a look at these replies some time. Georgians don't buy your tired ACA-as-boogyman shtick. You were voted in to come up with solutions, not cast blame.
We never wanted replace, only repeal. That's where you messed up.
Man shut up! The Republicans are sabotaging OBama Care!
Its not convenient to his pockets, and doesn't read, replay, or answers phone calls or emails
Then listen to the people you're supposed to represent and put our needs ahead of your own idiotic and cruel political gamesmanship.
You're in a cult. We can help. We will vote you out of the cult. Hang in there for now.
My husband had lymphoma when he was 18. The ACA is the only reason he has insurance for the first time - at 50. THANK YOU Obamacare!
@SenateMajLdr needs to GO!!!!!!
"Democratic supermajority" as if republicans don't dominate congress right now and can't be human enough to come up with decent resolution
Stop trying to have a republican bill. Both parties should work together
Georgia is fed up, but this wasn't the answer. Please try to be bipartisan and work with Dems to help us all #SaveOurCare
Thank you for your hard work!
Yet the majority of GA would rather fix ACA than have what you proposed. Wake up! Fix the ACA.
We are fed up with do-nothing GOP pols like you who choose ideology and rhetoric over people. Shame.
Let's correct that Mr Perdue YOU are a failure to your constituents!  All of us not just your elite partisans who put you in power.
Obamacare needs to be fixed, but #GrahamCasiddy is worse. Just b/c a GOP Congressman proposed it, doesn’t mean you should support it blindly
The ACA’s problems with premiums, deductibles and lack of insurance providers is due to GOP sabotage.  YOU are part of the problem!
@sendavidperdue not all Georgians are fed up with ACA; millions losing the coverage with the repeal; instead fix ACA and make it better.
Thank you for talking about policy!
Your right. We are fed up. With a senator that doesn't represent hits constituents. With a senator that puts party over country. With you!
What about your constituents, like me, who have been saved by Obamacare? Thank goodness this abomination was stopped.
Oh, hahaha - I get what you're doing. You're trying to save your seat in 2020 by blaming anyone other than your Trump-loving self. Sorry, no
You guys really need to get over this donor thing. Money doesn't buy votes. #RoyMoore
We need a bipartisan healthcare bill. Work together for an answer.
GOP plan would've ended ins. 4 my family. If you're over 50 you most likely have pre existing conditions. GOP plan will sky rocket prices...
Obama screwed it up 1st Only 1 company will sell individual plans in GA in 2018. I'l have to change ins. again, the 4th time since 2014...
It might be easier to replace the ACA if you had a plan that actually provided affordable healthcare to those who need it.
It’s failing because the GOP super majority is sabotaging. I’m thinking you know this and are lying instead of being ignorant but who knows
He does not read these. He's a fraud. We have 5th largest  number of uninsured. No Medicaid expansion. Rural hosp closings unhealthy pop.
Cut out the "repeal" silliness and work across the aisle to repair what is in place.
What happened in Washington this summer was a monumental failure by GOP lawmakers to understand Americans want better health care, not worse
We want MORE people covered, not fewer. We want affordable premiums for all. GOP seemed to think we wanted to go back to the bad old days.
America first, right? Except when it comes to healthcare that everyone can afford and have acceas to. #universalhealthcareforall
#RecallPerdue You have caused ACA to fail, so be responsible and work to repair it! If you won't, we the voters will find someone else!
Do something constructive and ask Gov Deal to expand Medicaid. GA has the worst maternal death rate in the US.
Boy bye! How about you all actually govern and IMPROVE what we already have?
The failure was the day you were elected to represent us.
You only have yourselves to blame as Republicans for crafting such cruel legislation. I
Your failure saved American lives.
The people have spoken. Stop trying to kill people to give tax cuts to rich people.
You should offer a working solution, not a pile of tax cuts and slights against women.
Failure of the GOP who've had YEARS to develop a viable replacement, and instead dropped the ball on both Georgians and America. Shameful.
You refuse to hear what Georgians want.your rhetoric  and ideas are tired and old. The process is tainted, u ignore experts. Stop blaming.
Please please continue to work to get it repealed! GA small biz owner suffering under CRUSHING prems! Losing ins co AGAIN this year!!!
It wasn't a failure. Everyone agrees it can be repaired. Find a BIPARTISAN solution to fix what is broken.
You're a failure! The bill was terrible! You'd be taking away my insurance and millions. Can you live with that! Puppet Boy!!
Work with those across the aisle to fix our existing program!  It's time to put on your big boy pants.
What we are fed up with is the desire of the GOP to rob from the poor to give to the rich. This Georgia citizen wants bipartisan negotiation
Senator, we are fed up with you and other politicians that have no solutions and no ability to work across the aisle. You have failed GA.
#bullshit
U don't get it. What happened today was a victory 4 Georgians who need healthcare. If u listened 2 constituents not donors u wld understand
You are a failure. Embarrassed.
Only failure in this discussion IS YOU ! Anytime you want to leave Sea Island and talk w/ Georgian's we're waiting !
How about working on something with fellow Sens. Murray and Alexander to actually *improve* the situation.
It failed because you won't work together YOU are as much to blame as everyone else. Healthcare is NOT a party issue. Everyone deserves it!
U did Ur part!  s who R true Lib/Dem  gave their vote to Obamacare. They will pay a price. Those not poor enough nor rich enough will 2.
When trump takes us to war, it will be the fault of congress for not acting in time to stop his madness. You are there to serve.
عزالله انك صاج
hell yeah single payer
woot woot
FAKE NEWS. Don't believe a word. You do a disservice to Georgia every day you are in office. #VoteOutPerdue
The ACA isn't perfect....but in your partisan efforts to just get a win, you have dangerously shoved down plans that are horrifying.
You were ready to cram through a terrible plan bc it didn't have "Obama" in the title. Only way you keep your job is to start working for GA
Thank God you failed at killing your voters and every other states voters!!!  The bill was awful you should of voted no!  I am fed up with u
Be bi partisan! Don't fall into the same trap as the rest of the R's!
GOP is a failure. GOP obstructionism prevented necessary changes to shore up ACA ... but you would rather sabotage. Quit Lying.
GA has some of the highest uninsured in the US!  Ranked among the lowest in quality!
Fix the ACA! I told you that!
You did not help the situation. Rather than work in a bipartisan way, you and the @gop chose to go it alone and failed. #gapol #resist
We are fed up with you and the rest of the GOP who have sabotoged ACA instead of trying to improve it.
Stop w/the party line "Obamacare is collapsing...". It's a tired Republican lie. It will only collapse from Repub/Trump defunding/inaction.
You were probably going to vote for Graham-Cassidy. THAT is "lack of leadership". Your disloyalty to your people is what's skyrocketing.
No. Healthcare was saved today for women, my unborn baby, and my disabled cousin. You don't speak for this Georgian.
Read your twitter replies & stop making broad assertions that repeal is what all Georgians want. There's no hiding the G-C bill was garbage.
As long as the US healthcare system is run by for profit companies, premiums will continue to rise. 20% admin costs compared to 2% Medicare
Please work with Democrats to fix the ACA
YOU are the failure! Georgians are fed up with YOU! How about proposing a law that doesn't leave millions w/o healthcare. Then we can talk!
If this is failure then I hope we keep failing. Loser.
We are fed up with you and other Republicans who cannot govern and have no concrete solutions for this problem other than reduced coverage
This Georgian is fed up with you and the ridiculousness you continuously "perpetrate" through your social media and FoxNews appearances.
Then make a bipartisan plan
I have a pre-x condition; pre-ACA I couldn't get an individual plan for any sum of money. I had group insurance when I had a stroke, and...
still had to declare bankruptcy, b/c there was no limit on my charges. I owed $50000 before I left the hospital. Without insurance now, I'd
be steadily losing my ability to walk, to use my hands. Instead, I'm getting treated, and getting better. Insurance covers it w/EHBs.
I've told your office all about this, many times. LISTEN to your constituents! ACA has flaws, but has done so much good for so many!
YES let's b CLEAR #ACA is NOT failg. Wht we NEED (not wnt) is @GOP wrk w/@SenateDems FIX costs n providr particptn. being obstructionists!
You really should listen to the people you are supposed to represent. #LetThemEatCake
Please work together with the Dems to adapt the ACA to what Georgians need. Repeal is unnecessary.
What's your position on the Jones Act?
Or do you dislike brown people as much as the president?
Not a surprise! I guess Americans expect too much from congress! Amazing how the democrats continue to get their way.
The failure began long before today.  Where's a real plan?!
Wait, you are a Republican, you did not pass a repeal, YOU FAILED. Stop blaming the leadership. 2018.
WRONG!! We are fed up with you and your ilk looking to destroy the rest of us.
Correct. We are fed up with the GOP and fed up with you. Easy enough to criticize but much harder to offer constructive solutions, isn't it?
We are fed up with you! Meet with your constituents! Don't be a puppet!
No, today was one more time SOME of your party actually listened to their constituents unlike you sir. Obviously you have NO clue.
Try looking in the mirror to blame someone
Yes very fed up!!! With you and rest of your gang of misfits!
Sabotage! Tom Price's HHS is shutting down the federal website for 12 hours on nearly every Sunday. GOP is doing everything to undercut.
The failure is your bad faith attempts to pass a bill doing exactly what you lied and accused democrats of doing.
Fed up with you and your GOP profit mongers selling the American people out every chance you get! Healthcare, not insurance! #ImpeachTrump
Yep! Time to come up w/ a #bipartisan solution that provides medical cover for all #Americans not just the wealthy
Did you give up YOUR government health care. Oh just tried to take ours away/ Maybe you can hear us NOW
A) Have a town hall meeting
B) What happened today in Washington was a win for working people
C) Just resign.  You're terrible at your job.
you are on the WRONG side of history. You are supporting BAD policy and a FOOL as POTUS. #shame
