when will you be available to meet with your other constituents?
Perdue says town halls aren't his style. He engages individually & in small groups. Remember that when you vote.
Oh don't worry I will !@sendavidperdue
So the answer is in part Health Savings accounts. Please tell us all how ANYONE working for min wage has ANY MONEY to save!!
when are you going to meet with Georgia VOTERS??  Do we mean nothing to you? I want REAL representation in DC
So you can meet with doctors but not your constituents. Got it.
we will not forget you refused to meet with the ones that sent you to D.C.
Yes sir! Always room for improvement! fewer patients, less wait time! Repeal ACA, both things accomplished!
Fewer patients because they are....dead?!
Senator, one of my docs says a single-payer system will best end the suffering of Americans with no or too little coverage.
Republicans will be held responsible for the upheaval caused by uncertainty with ACA.  Why throw baby out with bath water?!!
Your constituents believe so, too. If only you were brave enough to stand up and hear them. #TownHallDodger #TownHallNow
The only reform I've heard clinical faculty at my med school talk about is universal healthcare. Listening? #MedicareForAll
so why didn't you meet  with your  constituents Dave? #DoYourJob
hold a hall town meet you coward!
ACA isn't perfect, but it can be salvaged. It works for my self employed, hard working parents. Please don't forget them.
Great! When will you meet with the TAXPAYERS?
and when can you meet with your constituents? When is your Town Hall?
We want the ACA fixed, not repealed. You'd know that if you had the cojones to TALK to your constituents.
room for improvement for sure. Repair, not repeal. GOPcare is a boon for the rich and a raw deal for average people.
except you support Price who wants to do away with charity care for ATL's homeless.
I guess you're only concerned with those who gain/lose financially. Not people whose lives are on the line. #PISSEDNOTPAID
are you holding a town hall???
I'm a GA doctor & must've missed my invite.  How about a town hall for the rest of us sir?
Respectfully,we'd also like you meeting with us,your constituents.Please schedule a town hall here in Savannah, we need you!
"there's a much better way to increase access and address rising costs". Great. We'd all like to hear about it.
no repealing of ACA protections! Pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps.
why don't you call it ACA...
Please keep in mind there is a difference between improvement and repeal and your constituents know the difference.
@SenatorIsakson As a 2x cancer survivor, I will know the difference for sure. Repair NOT repeal. #PISSEDNOTPAID
Fix Southeast Georgia Health System. Ask the U S Attorney in Savannah what is he doing about billing corruption.
all He and @SenatorIsakson can do is pose for pics-what a worthless tandem- like a puppy with 2 peckers-cute but worthless
So why for 8 years have you not been improving it ??
repeal like you promised during the campaign. That's why you won the election.
ACA protection for pre-existing conditions is vital, our very health and financial security depend on it! No repeal, Repair!
I live in Dalton, Ga.  I am not a paid liberal activist.  I am a mom to an autistic son and I want to attend a town hall.
So, in your 'opinion' you have a better plan? What, you're just holding that amazing plan secret?
stop trying to hawk this "much better way to increase access" without actually offering an alternative
Meet with your constituents.We demand a town Hall
and voters?  Oh that's right. You don't care. #whensthetownhall? #DoYourJob #ImpeachTrump
Where are you?  Your constiuents are looking for you & we have questions & concerns. DO YOUR JOB!
Great. Can't wait to hear what your plan is. How about a town hall? #DoYourJob #Flipthe6th
instead of handpicking those u meet w itd b great if u had the integrity 2 give all of your constituents a chance 2 b heard.
Improvement yes, repeal no. The republican health care plan has yet to be presented.
Lowering costs while maintaining all aspects of current coverage is welcome, anything less is NOT.
What does that mean? There is always room for improvement. Rather meaningless. Where do you stand, please?
do not take away our healthcare. Fix it. No repeal/replace
More covered, better benefits, lower cost, better quality, no one dies or loses insurance. Honor your promise. #Purdue2022
read WHO on France, England, Netherlands their healthcare WORKS and EVERYONE has it. Real Simple!
so we need medical degrees for an audience? Hold a town hall for the rest of us and actually show up. #shame
only Cowards Hide and still Get Paid.  Sounds like You.
I am your constituent. I want universal catastrophic care and private supplemental plans!! Why is that so difficult? #ACA
You know who else would love to have an informative meeting with you? YOUR CONSTITUENTS! Why don't you want to hear from us?
Perhaps. But there's even more room for improvement in your own office.
what about a town hall meeting?
Yes, we want improved affordable healthcare for all. NOT a repeal of the ACA. Please meet with your constituents ASAP
There is always room for improvement. There is no room for repeal w/out first replace
So why did you vote yes for the budget reconciliation act?
we are all for improvement to healthcare and costs but we are not for an ego plan just to fulfill a lot of talk
.@sendavidperdue By patients, I presume you mean your constituents. We don't support repealing ACA. Listen to us and meet with us.
We demand a town hall not a photo op with your financial backerd
I'd tell you myself, but you won't hold a town hall. This isn't going away. Do your job or get out of office.
Four more years of this ? #Perduevoterrecall
I'm a self employed mother to a son with MS. The ACA, which you want to kill, is the only way my family has insurance 
exactly. Room for improvement. Not burning the whole thing to the ground!
why not a town hall for ALL of your constituents? Are you too scared to face the people? We're watching!
Good evening! When will be holding public events? I know a lot of constituents would be thrilled to see your smiling face!
there is also a lot of room for improvement in your governing skills. Let's talk about it. You name a time. We're waiting.
It is called single payer, if you weren't such a tight ass republican you would've realize that years ago!
Rebublican congress voted ~60 times and wasted millions in the past 8 years to repeal ACA instead of improve health care!
When will you meet with your constituents instead of hiding and lying to us about coming to GA? We are not paid protesters!
that's because Georgia refused to actually try to make ACA work and were willing to let people suffer for politics.
So, let's hear it!
how about you meet with the consumers of healthcare rather than those who profit from healthcare
why is your staff lying about your location? Why are they saying you aren't here in GA?
Fix ACA - not repeal. Republicans are now paying price for not working with Obama to fix ACA. Majority now support ACA.
Yeah, but no time to meet with constituents in town hall? Partisan hack.
staffer says until constituents calm down he won't have a TownHall. I couldn't believe my ears.
Constituents will "calm down" when you do the right thing. The voters are watching and waiting.
Six years of trying to repeal and not a single logical replacement proposal. Where have you been? ACA needs fixing only.
how many people have you spoken with? If it is a chosen few, then this means nothing!
Glad to see you've changed from "repeal" to "improve." You still need to meet voters, not just industry reps. #TownHall
Wd love to discuss this in person. This is me. Patient, doc, business owner. When can we meet?

http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJM200211143472023#t=article …
looking for substantive policy, not a bunch of smooth talk. Where's the PLAN?
Make improvements, not repeal, help SMB & keep US healthy. The brown guy is gone, he can't hurt you anymore. @SenatorIsakson
Improvements, yes! But repeal & current GOP plans mean death and/or bankruptcy for many. Shame on you & @SenatorIsakson
that's why there were multiple phases of the ACA. Nothing is perfect, but repeal without replace is unacceptable.
I hope you also seek input from healthcare consumers, not just doctors. Improve the ACA, don't tear it down out of spite.
You and your Republican friends could have made many changes to the ACA. Why did you wait?
The gall of our elected officials to ignore their constituents' concerns by not meeting with the people.
Oh Senator. You are so out of touch. Please schedule a Townhall so we aren't forced to descend on your event tomorrow?
True! Repealing ACA is not the answer. How about a town hall so we can discuss it.
By "patients" do you mean your wealthy donor friends? You aren't listening to your constituents to your and our detriment.
it's time to do the hard work - work to get our health care costs under control.  And improve the ACA.
.@sendavidperdue absolutely! Room for many improvements. But NOT REPEAL. Are y'all crazy? Y'all don't have an alternative.
Healthcare is a Human right. ALL Georgians deserve the best healthcare. #aca
It would be cruel and irresponsible to repeal without a replacement.
there's room for improvement in our representatives as well. You will find out.
Please protect Medicare!
.@sendavidperdue i agree there's room for improvement- but repealing w/o a clear replacement plan in place would disastrous for docs & pts
There is always room for improvement. Just make sure what is good about Obamacare stays and replace what doesn't work.
