I hate it when I accidentally hit "tweet." Not that I wouldn't have RTed this last summer, but oh well. Also wish I could edit tweets when realize I sent a tweet with a typo. If these are my biggest problems, I'm having a greet day!
@IngrahamAngle is naive and lying to herself.
TWEET TRUMP
TELL HIM TO PUT THEM ALL ON OBAMA CARE THEE AFFORDABLE INSURANCE
BY EXECUTIVE ORDER
SIMPLE
WHY HAS HE NOT DONE SOMETHING SO EASY
Yes! They should stay off our beaches and away from the strip clubs
They shouldn't have any recess. It's ridiculous that they can only work a few days a month... Gotta spend time campaigning I guess.
I wish they would work more & vacation less, or at least vacation a bit shorter.
And deport illegals, reverse daca, and build the wall.
Happy New Year Laura!! Love the show ! So  refreshing !!! God Bless you & the family !!
Stop being a right wing hack  and try to do something  good for the country.it might  cause you to have a mental  breakdown but it will clean your soul.
Tax cuts for multi millionaires and companies eh, good job
Trump should resign.
Finally admitting that Trump & GOP going to take forver and a day to pass ANTHING?!WELL DONE TRUMPSTERS
Yes. Let's keep them away from their districts. That way they won't here from the very people who elected them.
All recess and holidays.
133 days off a year at $174,000 they need to work a lot more to earn our tax dollars! For goodness sakes get it done already !!!
Agreed, Rhonda!
If they want to stay in office. I say vote them all out!
GOP sucks
That's just more of the DC perks that i don't like. Nevermind importance of the union. Lets go home

Yes Laura You are the best Love You and do such great work for the Amercan People
Everyone wanted to repeal Obama care until they could now they need to do it my insurance cost 2350 a month I can't afford it who could
I think GOP get way to many recesses anyway. Every time we turn around they are on another recess. How many days do they actually work??
Keep shouting from the tweet-tops Ms. Laura. No matter what the lying media says, millions of Legal citizens are behind this President!!
Repeal has become a racist platform for the hate of Obama.
What a con artist she is almost as bad as agent orange
Why? A majority of Americans don't want those things.
Maybe when Americans get a Month or TWO, OFF WITH PAY our elected "officials" can too!!!
Laura Chelsea H. should be careful what she wishes for! Lot of hateful Dems 
amazing I can't re tweet this. Laura you ROCK!

They haven't done anything except talk
Absolutely!!! Get to work!!! #Norecess
Absolutely!!!
I retweeted this bc the losers in congress shouldn't get a vacation! My husband & I haven't gone on a vacation for years! #novacation4them
Go get better jobs then you might can take a vacation
Hey Reggie, you live in MS, try living in CA where we have the highest taxes & the most corrupt democratic leaders padding their pockets 
Yessss
Absolutely
I think the GOP should take a permanent vacation and let the people have their country back. Our government is a criminal enterprise.
They get too damn much time off anyhow
Why bother with replacing o Care if you can't do it right. BEST Thing would be to get the Government out of the HEALTHCARE BUSINESS.
Recess for what? They don't do anything when they're there. Bunch of establishment sellouts. Get to work. 
I had great healthcare before Obamacare now my insurance company doesn't exist  Aetna i work hard and lazy ass MF'ers get better healthcare
I don't understand dems it's okay 4 lower middle not to have healthcare but not ok 4 non working System abusing thugs
Our Hill Dwellers are there to serve the citizens and not the reverse. There will be plenty of time for recess once their 'homework' is done
GOP should cancel

Retweet if you believe Trump should not play golf until Healthcare is resolved
Get those sleeping bags out and trail mix. Oh yeah
I totally agree! It appears to me that DEMS will count a collapse as a win. GOP misguided as to importance of moving forward!
Just repeal Obamacare and those that can't get on board must go!!!!
We all should have healthcare like congress had.
#HillaryStayAwayCation
There going to get voted for retirement!!
Yes, cancel summer recess. Also President should create an Executive Order moving Sen/House & families healthcare to Obamacare ASAP. @POTUS
@CDoranHarader It doesn't matter- #GOP lie, are progressives and experts at kicking can down the road. #FullRepeal FAIL #tcot
GOP do your jobs. No recess!
Get to work! COMPLETE REPEAL! DO NOT REVISE & RENAME! NO GOVERNMENT HEALTHCARE OF ANY NAME OR POLITICAL PARTY! NO NEGOTIATION OR COMPROMISE!

They should cancel all recesses until they fix healthcare and Taxes.  No recess until fixed.
How can anything get done when they recess 6 months out of the year? Trumps work ethic puts those lazy elitist do nothing GOP to shame.
WORK
Entwined Republican and Dem. Party = zero. Trump drain That swamp. Paul Ryan, Mitch McConnel, Pelosi,Schumer. At the shrine of special $$$$$
It's pathetic GOP has to be told too stay and work, you would think they are school kids wanting to get out of school for the summer!MAGA
The "Senior leaders" have been up there way too long to take duty seriously anymore... now it's all about perks. #TermLimits
I dont care
Don't not care! It's our kids future we are talking about. Unless you are terrorist, but who will fund you if your perks stop coming in? POS
The Senate should just tell everyone what the Insurance companies will agree to, and get on with it.
@JohnTrumpFanKJV @gop @SenateMajLdr @speaker how abt actually leading 4 once & get this done?
YES THEY SHOULD CANCEL THEIR RECESS, WE NEED NEW HEALTH CARE A.S.A.P.
@SpecialKMB1969 #HILLSTAYCATION #DCDOYOURJOB #WERPAYINGU
@ktd101551 MOST OF HARD WORKING AMERICANS GET SUMMER RECESS? PRIVILEGED GOV BABBLERS DON'T"EARN" THEIR LUXURY PAY! FIRE THEM!
@Bulldogg444 @GOP 
Running away from constituents to ignore what they want & pass destructive legislation fixes nothing...
GOP CANCEL SUMMER RECESS, we want "SOMETHING" done. Is that too much to ask? Something!
Sorry Laura,  I'm out of practice.
Not only should they cancel this summer recess...they should eliminate it from this point on. Taxpayers don't get a summer recess.
Agree. I'd love to have a month long vacation.
@ktd101551 DOES REST OF HARD WORKING AMERICANS GET SUMMER RECESS? PAST DUE PRIVILEGED GOV BABBLERS "EARNED" THEIR LUXURY PAY!
Yes they should cancel recess
I totally agree and also think the Republicans we elected should start doing the job we elected them for
Call your Senator and Rep.   and demand they stay in Washington until they repeal/replace ObamaCare and address taxes.
Do not let the swamp win!
.@GOP
We've prchsd ins thru the Obamacare exchange the last 4 yrs. We're on the 4th provider. Will be 5th next yr as Atrio infrmd us they're out
We have to vote out the RHINOS.  They are just lib-lutes.  I think it will happen in 2018 but don't hold ur breath - they WANT Obamacare
Yes, work or not pay
Drain the swamp!!!
Everyone else that has deadlines keeps working till they r done!! Shame on our politicians!!
@ktd101551 DOES REST OF HARD WORKING AMERICANS GET SUMMER RECESS? PAST DUE PRIVILEGED GOV BABBLERS "EARNED" THEIR LUXURY PAY!
I agree.  If our Congress cancels their recess, then I will know that they are working for the people.
Here are the number of legislative days for the House and Senate each year in recent history:

2016: 131 in the House, 165 in the Senate.
Makes me sick.....they don't work at all....and when they are in Washington they just point fingers and run their mouth!!!!!!
What we REALLY need is a wall and America 1st trade deals so some good jobs come back. Right @AnnCoulter ?
Why do the deserve a recess?  They aren't school teachers.
They don't they have done nothing but obstruct. Call your public officials & let them know how you feel. That's they only way to make a diff
GOP will find themselves unemployed if they don't do SOMETHING like repeal OBAMACARE & Pass TAX REFORM!
Cancel their recess
Lock the doors. No summer recess for GOP until Obamacare IS Repealed. Damnit get this done!
@FoxNews agreed, they should be more responsible& accountable to the American people who deserve to have a more inclusive&affordable plan!
Laura, please pass on this ground-swell of anger toward our lazy Congress.  They don't seem to get it.
President Trump will drain the Washington swamp
No rest for slackers!
They should be working period, 12 months out of every year--2 weeks vacation max...experience what the rest of us live like.
Bingo, lady speaks commonsense
Yes and by the way they are always on vacation anyways. . They got there's hell with all the other people
Republicans should be put out to pasture if they can't do real repeal and replace.  These fools need to grow a pair and get it done.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP go 2work & repeal aca,sanctuary cities& Kate's law @SenateMajLdr stop playing games & do your job. Resign or do the job
Think it's time we realize the they don't want to pass Ocare repeal. They want status quo on everything thru 2018. Don't support DTs agenda
Pay and insurance should be suspended for them, until health care for us deplorables  are completed,g
Sick of all talk no action career politicians. Get to work! Repeal Obamacare, work on #AmericaFirst policies & stop wasting taxpayer money!
amen to that! @leahR77 .@steph93065 @hrenee @DrMartyFox @usacsmret @Lrihendry @peddoc63
Their whole life is a recess...spare me...
Of course!  Recess? Is this our national leadership or elementary school?
Throw them out in 2018 #newleaders
They need to work harder like we do.  GET THE JOB DONE!!!
I hope all Americans will be able to have health insurance.
The POTUS should veto any watered down version of ACA. Get some backbone Senate.
The GOP couldn't agree on what day it is. Of course that's the way it use to be before the Dems started thinking & voting in lock step!
The solución is to give every politician Obamacare for everyone for a year . You will enjoy the reaction
RIGHT, REPEAL! And TAX CUTS! Music to my ears!
Shd cncel any way. I don't get summer recess from my job. Nor do most Americans.
No Repeal and Replace is going to end the short lived majority in 2018!!!
They have 2 many breaks & their job get neglected. They should wrk like everybody else (M-F) off sat n sun only
The Swamp Republicans will still resist big changes. So sad.
They don't do anything now. Time to get working.
no break till a full repeal
Make them stay sober too!
Americans workd so hard to get them into officeso GOP can do what they promised to do.If theycant get the job done,theyre out
No vacation until work is done.
They are a disgrace They been on vacation for decades
REPEAL before RECREATION!Repeal or Retire!
Hell yes
They won't. They're idiots only slightly less harmful than democrats. #GOP
They should do the job they were sent to do! If they don't I have 2 remedies! 1) recall the obstructionists! 2) term limitations!
Agree-and dump McConnell and Ryan if unwilling to repeal and start over
Can not be totally agree anymore.
Yeah, good luck with that...
ABSOLUTELY
No way will this pass.Make them go home and listen to their constituents
When most working people cannot afford time off....neither should they. We are important and that must be honored out of compasion at least.
You need to work in WH!
Send @DickOlin1 in for some serious two a days!!!
Gop should work until repeal is done then start 
Tax reform Americans voted FOR YOUR POLICES not OBAMA or Clinton please do it
I think all insurance needs to be redone. All cover stink
Of course but Ryan & McConnell don't really want to repeal & replace so they might as well take the rest of the year off! RINOS R WORSE DEMS
I agree
Problem is damn term limits. We have a President who wants action, because he has 4-8 years, vs many party politicians who have tenure. SAD.
Do they think this is France or Greece? Not another dime from me for these losers until they prove some value
The thing the GOP knows how to do is destroy. They've destroyed the private health insurance market. We have to vote them out to fix.
I have mixed thoughts. If they go back to their constituents and listen to what they have to say, it might help them make better decisions
Remember they voted themselves special healthcare, aaargh
YES
It is time for these elected losers to earn their pay, or have Trump turn on them next election. Do their job dammit!
It can't be simpler.what needs to stay? What is trash? What is missing? Repeal ACA, reinstate easy must-haves, tackle others 1by1 & amend
Repeal Obamacare!
@gop can u do anything? most seem like Corp shills no better than #Democrat, keep your #DeepState interests out from between my Dr. & me!!!!
I wish I got half their vacation, & half their pay too. Avg American does twice the work in half the time, for far less income.

Choosing to not have regular check-ups for children because u can't afford the coverage is pathetic for a nation as rich as US 
@NicolleDWallace @SRuhle https://twitter.com/supraTruth/status/881553200251150336 …
I agree with you on this
Yessssssss!
If its doesn't, bye Congress and our country. Also, if it doesn't, its members should not get paid. What has it done major? Nothing! Primary
They haven't done anything to deserve a vacation!
It's time for limited Congress years serve- all you have to do , look at the idiotically history of Congregation-
Yes
They must not leave until the job is DONE!!
Trump should just sign an Obamacare Repeal Bill already passed by the House and Senate!
I agree no summer break for until tax cuts and or repeal Obamacare if not remember this 2018
Get @repannwagner and @pryan to actually do some work, instead of bloviating! #congress
If they do not they will get change of address card in 2018 !!!!!!!
Yes. They should definitely cancel.
Agree
Can't wait for your 1%er tax cut and are happy to see your fellow citizens dying in the street for it?

So impatient.
I had to comment,  I like this tweet.  Pls add a pay raise while your at it. Lol  #IngrahamAngle + #GOP
You must be one of the beneficiaries of that tax cut. Yes, it is more important that you keep more of your money...screw sick kids!
Watching you fill in for Sean. I love you, but you are talking WAY TOO MUCH! Give your guests a chance!!!!
Why recess when the work isn't done?
Gop should go hide under a rock now! & u call urself a "Mom" knowing if gop gets their way it will have long term adverse effects 4 ur kids?
Those voted in work for voters, those in the military work for the people. The hours in the military are way longer. Suck it up Congress...
#MainStreetUSA @seanhannity Congress had 8yrs.no work.Still got paid.Part of SWAMP?Work till  Insurance Market & USA HealthCare good folks.
#MainStreetUSA @seanhannity  Repubs fix ins so I can buy from anywhere in USA. Zero out all manufactured taxes for medical equipment in USA.
@MSNBC @CNNPolitics @dcexaminer @washingtonpost @thehill @latimes @nytimes God bless Laura
