Enough is enough! We demand sensible gun laws now!
Vote NO on Senate Bill 446 @sendavidperdue! We need stricter gun laws. If you don't fight for lives over guns, you have blood on your hands
Your broken heart does nothing to stop this from happening again. Do something
Hypocrit! Glad you took $1,997,512 from NRA?Like the blood on your hands?Nice that your hearts break, but try gun control legislation!
Conservative President, Supreme Court, Congress should all join together for practical gun control solutions
Would be way more than 'thoughts & prayers' had he not been a white, American male #BloodOnYourHands #GunReformnow
Can you tell us if you have received donations from the NRA and, if so, how much you received? We need Senators for us not for the NRA.
If you had been in the audience that night would you still feel the same about guns & healthcare? Think about it. Will God forgive you?
and what do you plan to so about it sir? After your heart is finished breaking of course
Please consider using your heartbreak for good and stop supporting ridiculous pro gun laws. Enough is enough! #stoptheNRA
Is there a way you can do less?
Praying has not prevented another horrific shooting. What will it take to override the NRA?  These "incidents" are repeating faster, bigger
As you can clearly see, your people (us) are dying for your right to bear arms. And your right to get paid off by major organizations.
your heart breaks, but your laws stay the same. #enough
I'm sure your heart also "broke" when six year-olds were killed in their classrooms, but that clearly didn't turn you into an advocate for gun control, either. Thoughts are prayers are pointless without action behind them.
Less talk more ACTION that's the reason for America sending you to Washington.
Your heart breaks?? I doubt it! These deaths are on you. Save your trite comments no one believes you
Empty statements are worthless - don’t bother any more
@sendavidperdue tweeted heart breaking for LV three times. Zero for Puerto Rico. Accurate reflection of values. NRA guns still safe though
Thoughts and prayers are all you have for everyone but the rich.  The rich get obscene tax cuts.  You suck, David.
Do something...gun control is needed now....grow some balls!
Use your broken heart to move to action on gun restrictions that would have prevented the Las Vegas shooting.
No sane reason for semi- & automatic weapons. You need to be on the right side of history on this issue or deaths are on you & colleagues.
Are you going to vote yes on the silencer issue? Please respond here Senator, we that follow you want to know your position and reasoning
But you're sitting there with your $1.9 million you got from the NRA. You're such a hypocrite!
your heart might be breaking, but your bank account isn't, thanks NRA.
your freaking platitudes are hollow and meaningless.
Those who can should act to prevent horrifying gun violence should do so. NRA vs Children, music lovers, churches, congressional softball...
You are the NRA's man. Freedom isn't free, right? These fans paid the price for your freedom. 90 more will pay today. Thank them by name.
For you and @SenatorIsakson
So don't repeal Obamacare. Unless, you think the victims don't have a right to access healthcare while the shooter has a right to bear arms?
Enough heartbreak and prayers. Do something about gun control NOW
And you’ll do nothing since you’re a spineless, partisan, party-before-country charlatan beholden to your paymasters
Your heart isn't breaking. Their blood is on you. You could've helped prevent this, and instead you decided that gun regulations were a nono
David Perdue has received $2 million from the NRA? Then heck, of course they own him. And no wonder he doesn't listen to us.
Your heart breaks? No kidding? Then get off your butt and do something to stop the next mass murder!
Jonathan Smith risked life to save 30 AMERICANS. You only have to find courage to stand up to NRA. What will u do to prevent mass shootings?
BS. YOU ARE PART OF THE PROLEM. You knew it would happen again and you did nothing.
Your cashing in over $1,000,000 from the NRA show where your loyalties lie & they're not with, "We the people." Are you up for reelection?
Sure your heart breaks. But your wallet isn't. $5,000 from NRA
Having 17 assault weapons is not what the 2nd amendment is about. I speak as someone who has even blogged in favor of the 2nd amendment. 2/2
Got it. That's all I can do. But you can do more as a Senator and you should. Please. We beseech you to work for sensible gun control. 1/2
But what are you gonna do about it
You take millions from the NRA; you're culpable. You have blood on your hands. Your 'heartbreak' is hollow. #LasVegasShooting
How much money have you accepted from the NRA, again? With those "closed fist" riot ads of theirs?
Countless police groups oppose it, as well as millions of Americans, you going to just take your check and tuck your tail like usual?
https://www.facebook.com/TheOnion/posts/10155915124079497 …
So you will come out against HR367 now right?? Silencers make it harder to target the shooter in situations like Vegas
Will your broken heart vote NO on the Hearing Protection Act or return the $ you have taken from the NRA? Be accountable & listen to voters!
GUN CONTROL NOW.
House Poised to Pass Law Easing Sale of Gun Silencers After Las Vegas Shooting | Politics | US News
If your heart is so broken then DO something about this! Smart gun control. NO assault weapons! Stop pandering and making excuses. GA speaks
We need action not broken hearts! Stand up to the NRA for reasonable gun control! #SendBackTheBloodMoney
My heart breaks that you represent me in the Senate. Do your job and protect Americans instead of the NRA.
Prayers and hearts breaking don't mean anything anymore coming from politicians. Make an attempt to at least do something.
What are you going to do about it?
Your heart can't break because you don't have one. You value NRA money over innocent lives.
joins you in prayer. Send back the money, vote down the gun silencer bill #SendBackTheBloodMoney
Perhaps now would be a good time to break your ties to the NRA.  #hypocrite
Sending back some of the NRA's $1,800,000+ donation would probably speak louder than perfunctory "thoughts and prayers."
#SORRYNOTSORRY but your heart cannot break when you don't actually have a heart. #JustSaying #Resign
Stop taking money from the NRA.



https://twitter.com/JuddLegum/status/914887282745905154 … #BloodOnYourHands
NRA estimating that it will take 8 days for everyone to forget about this so they can resume bankrolling politicians https://twitter.com/mediumbuyingllc/status/914876972102189057 …
58 families are grieving. You took $1,825,006 from the NRA.  You will have blood on your hands until you #GiveBacktheBloodMoney now.
You've received $2 million from the NRA.

Why not donate that money to the victims' families?

Shut up and DO SOMETHING. This is literally your job.
My heart breaks for my country, bc our gov't will not stop the mass shootings that plague US. Only ind country where this continues.
"But I'll still keep NRA's money, & vote for silencers, even as 1 of my colleagues just got back from being shot. $$$$$$$"
What you do with your position as a Senator today will forever define who and what you are. Do what is right, Sen. Perdue. Do it now.
What will you say to the families of the next victims of a mass shooting? More "thoughts & prayers"? Or that you took action to stop them?
Were a US Senator, my first act today would have been to submit a bill to heavily regulate & restrict gun ownership. What did you do today?
Now is the time for us to take action to put an end to gun violence. You are in a position to work for change, now you must do it. Do it now
Broken enough to vote NO on allowing silencers to become easier to get. How about some action David instead of your words. We know you're beholden to the NRA over your constituents.
Your heart breaks & more people will die as u take $ from NRA and refuse to legislate better gun controls. Take your sentiments & shove 'em!
Take your broken heart and go work on some goddamn sensible gun control legislation.
