...still waiting on some evidence this is "pro-worker", "pro-growth", and "proven to work." Saying it doesn't mean it's true.
I know you keep pointing to Canada as an example of why this would work. But their point system is VERY different. More reasonable.
Most Americans couldn't get into America with your BS point system.
I'm so tired of you people trying to hide your bigotry and xenophobia behind nonsense metrics.
You mean the #Constitution? Standard rules for ages on immigration? Which of these Laws we've always had is bigotry or Xenophobia?
Xenophobia because the lie that immigrants "take" jobs is wrong. It is used especially by this office and Trump to scare white Americans.
It's a rhetoric that pats the head of white ppl by saying you are poor bc immigrants not bc the government is failing you!
If it weren't for hundreds of #Whitepeople #Blacks still slaves in America. No one would EVER have gotten a job & poor would never get fed.
I'm 24, have a degree in Computer Science from Georgia, am an excellent English speaker, and have a great job...and I *wouldn't qualify*.
Frankly Senator, the RAISE act is trash legislation meant to make immigration nearly impossible. That's not what America is about.
Moreover, Senator, it's not what Georgia should be about. If you don't want to bring smart and hard workers here, we ought to kick you out.
College deft didn't teach you how to research before opening mouth. Typical.
I did do the research. So far, in this discussion, I am the only one who has provided any knowledge of what the bill contains. Enlighten me.
Sen Perdue, who does your yard work?  Have you ever talked to them?  Do they speak English?
The RAISE Act is a "Ray of Sunshine" for immigration reform! Now convincing the Resist Movement in both parties in the senate is the chore!
Good job! I’d drop the Olympic part though. All the ones that could run, jump, or swim are already here.
We get it. Just for whites. Get a soul!
Bringing uneducated youth, through no fault of their own, from 3rd World countries to the US as immigrants is the antithesis of solutions!
Just another one of the goodoleboys taking down progress.SAD
Incorrect
Exactly what analysis was done to show impact to GA farmers/agribusiness? What are the results? Isn't it the largest industry in our state?
How do sleep at night man! That bill is a hate bill ment to fear monger to white Americans. More us and they are taking our jobs.
Really, be honest, I know is hard, have you loose one hour of sleep since Trump became President. 

I'm 31, have a Master's Degree, a job teaching College and High School courses and am fluent in English....I don't qualify. "Pro Worker," 
How do you know?

I have a masters degree in nursing, a great well paying job, am 44, and am fluent in english and I wouldn't be allowed in under your plan!
#uk pitches baby fit over US banning "bad" countries to USA... they might go coma over the RAISE ACT & N.K sanctions? Hurry up w/ #Brexit!
You day in this tweet and in the article they are proven to work. Why do you ignore my requests to share that proof. Please link to it.
Thank you for protecting American workers. It works in Canada and is long over due in America. Too many low skill workers on our system.
Did Germans have to speak English when they immigrated to the US?  Italians?
But they integrated and they learned
Thank you baby twitter bot for proving her point.
No, the RAISE Act plays on the fact that you guys claim immigrants steal jobs from white Americans. Shrimping industry already low staffed.
https://www.pressreader.com/usa/houston-chronicle/20170705/281517931147117 … Americans don't do the low paying jobs immigrants do. You guys are using scare tactics, but we see through you!
No it isn't.  It's pro gop & con people.  It's pro you along with the other #trumpbillies
Again, Herr Himmler--hard pass. Good luck with the cleansing, tho.
Whatever, bot
Good algorithm!
WORKED IN THE 80'S.  DON'T KNOW WHY THEY QUIT MAKING PPL BE ACTIVELY LOOKING FOR WORK TO GET FOOD/ HOUSING ASSIST.... LOOK AT COST W/O IT
David as you push to get rid of immigrants like your red neck and racists constituents want, who will do the jobs that they will only do?
A block from my house over a dozen Mexican children from different parents claiming the same us address in order to get free us education
Living on the border I see the abuse of loopholes in our laws. Thousands cross daily to get "free" schooling.  Actually costing US citizens
It is logical and needed
You and your cousin are such an embarrassment to GA - news about you both always shows a lack of intelligence and forethought on your part.
100% behind you!
We don't trust you!  Tell Trunk to stop play war
Yeah well..what r u 2 gonna do cause the RINO's in sen already said it won't pass...gonna lite  under them like ya did healthcare? GOP joke
.@marcorubio @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @GOP this is what #WeThePeople want! We don't want your gang of 8 amnesty pass this
I support this legislation too.
@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson tell us deplorable do you agree with McConnell that to repeal Obamacare are “excessive expectations”. #MAGA
Yaaayyyy yaaaay good job sir.
I hope we can get this passed. This is a great start to comprehensive immigration reform.
.Pro-growth is called #globalism among @POTUS voters. 
Pass this and FACE DEFEAT. Caps is CURRENT policy, how is the H1-B cap working?
THANK YOU Sen, Perdue--  wish we had more of you and Sen. Cotton.  True  Statesmen and Patriots.  God Bless you & thanks for helping the Pr.
As a legal immigrant whose family had 2 hv a job, sponsor, & NO Fed $$ or programs for 5 yrs, I applaud and support this 100 PERCENT.
And anti immigration
You're repulsive.
U go guys we back RAISE!
Xenophobia is still xenophobia no matter how much lipstick you and Tom Cotton smear on it. Shame on you both!
We love RAISE-- but RINOs threaten it. Get this done, guys!
I support President Trump's RAISE Act
Well, you've got your work cut out because traitors in Senate (Rubio...) are already trashing it. Get this done, guys!
Ugh it is but apparently it's anti in Congress!
This bill is in no way "a pay raise for hardworking Americans", even you state that most of the jobs it would open up are low wage/skill.
It's bigotry plane and simple.
Skills based, support self, more reasonable inflow rate, makes a lot of sense, the name calling by many is not needed
The American people support, it is the career Washington pols that need to be educated
Great job! I just hope those 52 other self important Senators get on board and quit opposing the will of the voters.
@SenRubioPress get onboard Sen Rubio reps need to join together w compromises and get things done it will not b perfect but close to it
But it's pro-America... the Soros-controlled Senate will NEVER support it!
FINALLY, some senators are doing something !
I concur, now get it DONE! I would like to see something get accomplished! Tired of the lip service! #maga
Complain to Congress.  They are the anti American obtruccionist
Anti growth when unemployment is this low.  Just about tribalism.
We will be safer.
The RAISE act is anti-immigrant and anti-American. You drafted this bill to satisfy the racist wishes of a few. How sad.
Really BOZO?
Good immigration bill.
Thank you to both of y'all. 
#EndDACE
#DeportIllegals
Why give Olympic medal winners 15 points?  How does that benefit the US economy?
Why a hypocrite as if you care.
Why do you so called republicans turn your back on free market ideals? Why? STAHP IT!!
Wow, "pro", gotta be great, u used the word pro. Who will Donald hire if you pass this thing?
Those statements are just plain lies.  We cannot continue to sugarcoat actions bad for America.
In what way is bad for America
The logic and humanity of your bill is reflected in lack of any other Senator besides Cotton signing on as a sponsor. Thankfully, DOA.
You do realize everyone of your twitter followers/ constituents is an immigrant unless they're Native American. smh
I was born here, that makes me a Native American.
This is absolutely fantastic and a must have for the success of our country. Keep up the awesome work 
Good luck getting someone to work on your house. Just wait until you are paying 10x the price for produce.
Tell that to the construction industry. This act is un-American.
Really?  Hypocrite.  If you would have care Bout America you wouldn't be a DemoRAT.  Look at the situation of blue states.  Detroit?
Time for the GOP to get on the @realDonaldTrump train. I'm tired of you guys not supporting him!
I'm sure your immigrant ancestors are so proud of you right now. #yourwhitenationalismisshowing #resist #georgiaembarrassment #shame
When are you going to have a town hall meeting?
Unless you need to hire a few immigrants to work at your golf course.  Than its ok. What a joke our @POTUS is.
Your ideas are terrible and you should feel terrible.
Yes, we need to kick @FLOTUS out. She came here illegally and lied to the federal govt. @POTUS is a liar and #hypocrite
Your just a racist
That.is.a.lie , liar
Thank you @sendavidperdue!
NO- this is a horrible, xenophobic piece of legislation that will harm our state of #Georgia and our country. Shame on you!
Bulls... it is another idiot idea by Republicans that are proving they are not capable of moving our country forward!
U left out pro bullshit. #VileAssRepublican fake Christian.
MORE..MSM, really....meet with the people who voted you in. Most/majority don't even read the USA Today. Elitism..@mschlapp @SenatorIsakson
It's PRO-Racism, PRO-Xenophobia, PRO-Nationalism, and PRO-Facisim. We're not Russia yet, comrade. Immigration is WELCOME HERE. We WILL fight
You all SHAME our country. Have you even met the refugees Georgia has taken in? Tell THEM how they're not worthy. You're despicable.
Senator, is Trump happy with your worthless proposal? Because that's what you and cotton wanted right? Make trump happy! Incompetents
It's racist. Disgraceful. Unamerican. #VoteOutPerdue2020
Immigrants help drive the economy. They bring knowledge, research, inventions. Your plan will devastate growth.
what's your score champ?
for his corporate masters, the Kock brothers. 

Like @SenTomCotton bought bought and paid stooges 
Those things are definitely debatable Senator. What's not debatable is how anti-Family it is
love it
whaaat omg no.
What do you care about how many immigrants are accepted?
