more #GOPLies & Bullsh*t.
16,000,000 vets kids and the poor kicked to the curb is "modest overhaul", "skinny"? Skinny my ass. What God do you pray to?
don't  feed the trolls
For sh*** and giggles let say that CBO is off by 50% this time, that'd still mean 11m people.God forbids,if they're wrong the other way, 33m
I haven't seen you at not one town hall meeting with us here in GA!
So you really think 22 - 30 million+ people won't lose healthcare with the Republican bill?  What do you think the right number is?
No one will lose healthcare in the United States. If given a choice most people my chose not to have health Insurance.
uh... right, who wants a safety net?  no one I know!  Sheesh.
Shame on you - you should be voting NO! Do your job you work for me!!!
What the hell is wrong with you? So as a Christian, you believe Jesus would take away healthcare from millions? O, but u don't trust CBO smh
Sen Perdue, are you and the @GOP saying you don't trust the CBO? Didn't the @GOP pick its leader? America is getting tired of the Republicans bashing agencies when they don't represent what the @GOP feels is reality. You and @realDonaldTrump are destroying the US.
Senator Perdue: here in Georgia,my neighbors, family folks & I are very scared about the h'care bill. Vote NO on repeal!Make fixes, repairs.
Repealing healthcare for millions, Perdue??  You can turn in your christian cross for a pitchfork and horns.  Your true colors.
Are you and your buddy Issakson just going to follow whatever Trump and McConnell tell you to do!  Don't you care what's right for us?
Exactly that is what they are doing! Puppet Boys for the jerk 45!
Are you sure? http://www.chattanoogan.com/2016/1/20/316408/Senator-Perdue-Says-CBO-Projections.aspx … "“Yesterday’s CBO projections should be a wake-up call for Washington."
Why? hell they haven't been right once yet
I love that you don't believe the CBO, but you do believe infowars. 
Senator, Georgians are waiting on someone to stand up and lead. It is not the President. Will it be you? I hope so. You are a leader. Lead!
He believes his own CBO is Fake? Why don't you meet with your constituents who are taking healthcare away from.
You're a water boy for 45. You are a sycophant. Sadly you are not for Georgians. But 45 is underwater in GA it will bring you down also
Rank and file political minion. No ability to think for himself.
Senator Perdue: so many people here in Ga. are scared about the damage & harms done by destroying the ACA. Real people. Vote NO on repeal.
you are one of the worst in the Senate, and that is saying a lot. You are only there to get tax breaks for yourself.
You and your party are the worst and you are my senator. You all have dismantled humanity.
Says the man who received $270,695 from the insurance industry, but go on, deny healthcare to millions...

Sad.
Put Georgia interests ahead of your party's.  It's what you're supposed to do.
Please remember who you represent. Repeal w/out replacement denies your constituents affordable healthcare. GA cares and we are watching
Health Insurance is the responsibility of the State of Georgia, not the federal government.
Tough break, Senator. You voted for it and still didn't get your way. Georgia won't forget that you tried to destroy our health care.
Because you're evil?
What a feigned, theatrical pitch of Republican pablum that's been practiced for over 8 years.  You have never supported the citizenry.
They didn't predict that GOP state govs would cruelly turn down federal money for their constituent's healthcare to score political points.
Remember that, David? The proud beginnings of the Republican party keeping healthcare from poor people?
P.S. You make me sick.
You spread false info abt non-partisan CBO to gain political "win". Why don't you #Listen to #RealConstituents of #GA & Depend on us. #truth
We want to know what you're voting for. Construct healthcare. Not destroy. Not take away then watch. We PAY for YOUR healthcare.
keep whipping gop on hcare
What about your resume suggests that I should trust your policy analysis over that of the CBO staff?
I haven't seen you come out to a townhall so I certainly wouldn't depend on you.
554,000 ppl are at risk of losing health insurance in Ga!  Don't worry if this happens u won't be in public service 4 long!
yeah well you wouldn't care anyway, if 20,000,000 lost any hope of having healthcare.
Really? I haven't seen a healthcare bill from the Republicans that I would depend on yet. Why? Bc they are evil and don't care abt Americans
Smh...the circus continues. You should be ashamed!
Certainly, numbers can be debated but the crux of the argument sir,  is that you are stripping insurance access from the most vulnerable.
So in disagreeing, you decide to err on the side of stripping insurance? Why are Republicans so resistant to discuss something on its merits
Why are you attacking the CBO? I am sick of your blame game. Stop your BS. For once think of your constituents instead of your own wallet.
Republicans trying to mislead citizens about #CBOSCORE
How can you vote to repeal healthcare for GA & USA. Obamacare/ACA is a step to what all other industrialized nations do very successfully
I hear what you don't like. What's your plan for someone like my daughter who has genetic, chronic, progressive life shortening disease?
The spin Republicans have put on this thing is astounding. Trump promised affordable, better healthcare for everyone.  All lies.

Do you really think all GAns r uneducated? It's 2017 ur voters are WOKE! Stop we the bs! #holdATLtownhall
I can't depend on your opinion!!!
"Here's why...cuz that what Big Daddy trump done told me."
@sendavidperdue : Just curious. Since u don't like CBO #s, what FACTS do u have showing something different? Yeah, that's what I thought.
You don't support CBO because it says you FAIL AMERICANS!
U haven't seen a number because you're supporting a non-existent bill.
Unacceptable logic! CBO is structured to be bipartisan, not perfect. Forecasts are imperfect. You don't like conclusions.
Well said @sendavidperdue!  Proud of the work you are doing! #gapol
And I haven't seen a GOP politician worth trusting since Barry Goldwater. #RESIST
Also, In the process of making healthcare great again, can we skip the tax cuts.  Those of us who are the top earners don't need the handout
Supporting a bill without considering the CBO score is irresponsible.  So far, it has shows the plans so far make healthcare worse.
Thats crazy talk, the CBO score is the most objective criteria to make sure how much a legislation will cost.

We all know U are gonna vote whichever way you're paid to. Stop the act. Its galling & U arent very good at it.
@SenateGOP
#FixACA
#resist
Here's why- it proves that you and your cohorts are a bunch of craven liars, so who are you gonna believe, math and facts or craven liars?
Limited choice in insurers? Because insurers can't trust GOP. Premiums (being increased because Deal wouldn't expand Medicaid!
Taking away healthcare from Georgians to fund tax cuts for billionaires is wrong.  Period.  Do your job and look out for Georgians.
Oh really, you're gonna be that guy who abandons an objective, non partisan modeling team?!
Good for you, posting a video of yourself spouting nonsense. I have several dozen of my toddler doing the same.
.@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson are voting to take away healthcare & jobs for thousands of #Georgia people. Shame shame shame! #KillTheBill
You're kidding. Right?
This is nihilism. U dismiss the goal posts, the yard lines, the referees, & ask us to just trust u, that u are gonna score a million goals.
Bull$hit, you idiots are happy to listen to CBO when their reports support your position. Senate health care plan is terrible, period
A vote to repeal without replace is an attack on Georgians with preexisting conditions like me.  Please stop trying to hurt me.
Whatever you say in an attempt to qualify your vote to take insurance away from us Georgians won't work. WE PROMISE TO WORK to SEND you home
You are a fraud and a lier, offer an amendment to fix the law you coward instead of hiding behind a false narrative. Obamacare isn't failing
You should only tweet when you help Georgians. At least then you'll be quiet for a while
Please do not vote to repeal Sir.  Please remember that you represent poor rural people.
Math is hard isn't it? Listen to the experts man
He quips about how Obama did not know what was in #ACA.  Let's see Trump at a townhall fielding questions from Democrats and Republicans!
Nor does he explain how Trumpcare will address the needs of those 300k.
Nor does he explain why those 300k do not have insurance.
"Dramatic" performance embarrassing to me as a nonpartisan constituent.Understand  #s & you are being deceitful! Why so unprincipled?
He sites 300k GA ppl under the poverty line without health coverage under #ACA.  Implies because of #ACA. Doesn't site source for 300k.
Then he goes on to say that under #ACA many people do not have access, "we will fix that."  And that is all.  Like trump's "believe me."
But offers no reason for why the CBO model is bad and the HHS model is good.
He said the CBO is not a trust worthy source.  Then said the HHS "which has a very credible model" says Trumpcare will improve something.
I watched a bunch of his speech. Sadly he uses a lot of misinformation to make his points.
Because you and the GOP have been actively sabotaging the ACA.

CONGRESS,SUBPOENA ALL AMERICAN'S WHO VOTED FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP OR STOP RUSSIAN WITCH HUNT
You clearly do not understand how the CBO works. You (or one of your staffers) should listen to this:
it's our fault.  We elected a moron to represent us
You are misinforming a constituency that deserves honest representation. Shame on you! Be better, do better, or we will choose better!
Na na na... na na na... hay hay hay... good bye!
Please get something done in Washington. People are hurting paying for ins we can't use!
You voted to Repeal. You have no spine
Doesn't respond to constituents numbers either, hasnt seen any he depends on
Watching this video without sound makes it look like a drunk begging for just one cigarette...
And what are u doing about this?
You're right. The amount of Americans in horrendous medical debt or DEAD will probably be much higher. You care for no one.
Sen. Perdue, please read these responses and take them to heart. We here in GA are disturbed and feel ignored. GA constit deserve 2 b heard.
He constituents deserve a senator who represents them.
I truly cannot wait to vote against you.
We will never agree since you push Koch bro agenda that will never benefit my fam, but at least don't pass HC 4 us when u r exempt - #unfair
You didn't actually say why you wouldn't depend on it though?
I haven't seen a GOP senator that I would depend on yet... except for the 2 courageous FEMALE GOP senators - @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski!
Their idiot male counterparts have yet to realize these will be the only gop senators keeping their seats!
CBO is the only thing we have so It's alot more creditable than you. unless you have a PH.D in economics with a couple of Doctorates also
YOU ARE GOING YOU KILL ELDERLY, CHILDREN, AND POOR. Their families will remember. #VoteNo #SaveACA
REPEAL!!!
CBO is the
People say to contact your Senator with your stance on healthcare. Makes me sad because my Senator is you.
@SenatorIsakson 
Re: CBO estimate-the non-partisan CBO more trustworthy than biased estimates of either party.  Your objection is an excuse.
David I don't give a damn what comes out of CBO I do care about your promise. I'll give you a plan that answers all of the questions on bugt
You've never questioned the CBO score in your political career until now... I wonder why?
Not a reason to vote for Trumpdontcare.  Nor a justification for misleading about #ACA.  @GOP and Trump have sabotaged #ACA.
#resign
What numbers would you depend on?  If you don't like the estimates of the CBO, whose estimates do you like?
here's why: you're a partisan hack.
No legislation is going to fix our healthcare issues unless it includes a public, #MedicareForAll option. Everyone deserves coverage.
Senator, I trust you to completely mess up our healthcare system. I can't trust you to fix it, but I can trust you to help destroy it.
Please, Senator, don't go there. The #CBO has more credibility than you do. One inaccurate forecast does not a failure make. Math matters.
Because you're a partisan hack bent on destroying science and objectivity? I don't want the Heritage Foundation scoring my bills. Thanks.
If you don't know how much it will cost and you don't trust the CBO score, WHY THE HELL DID YOU VOTE FOR IT?!
Intellectual and moral bankruptcy?
Because you are a corporate lackey?
Even if the #CBO is off by several million, repeal w/out replacement still leaves 30 million Americans w/ no healthcare.
#DontBuytheLies
Someone was wrong once, so we shouldn't rely on projections anymore.....unless of course it is a conservative think tank, we can trust them.
Well y don't you go over there and help them come out with the real numbers?  Coward! I can't wait 2 vote you out!
Senator ok say you are right. The GA 3rd has not seen a statement come out of the WH/POTUS that we can depend-here's why-constant lying.
That we can depend on that is.
So is water now no longer wet? How much more of a sham can you be?
Perdue here's the thing you HAVE NO CREDIBILITY BUT THE CBO DOES HAVE CREDIBILITY
Your conduct, support of Trump and misinformation about Ocare is shameful. Don't think the people of GA can't see through all of it.
@craigbozman - I love watching you troll on twitter. Keep up the good work!
Thanks. Despite my Repub affiliation, I can't stand to see people treated poorly by the rich and powerful...oh yeah, and assholes too.
Let's talk to the former employees at Pillowtex and see if they trust YOUR numbers
I too hate the truth when it goes against my agenda
Just because you're talking loud and passionately doesn't mean you're correct.
Well depend on this: If you vote to take away healthcare from thousands of Georgians, we'll vote to take away your job.
Oh, my bad, I said thousands. I meant HUNDREDS of thousands. What are you doing, Senator? Sure not representing our interests.
Look at his website! What a joke! "It's time to get results for the American people." What kind of results? Eliminating Medicaid/PEACHCARE?
David Perdue doesn't trust the non-partisan statisticians at @USCBO
Why is it you only hate the CBO when it's something you are against?
The CBO is non-partisan and based on facts. Estimates, by definition, are not CRYSTAL BALL PREDICTIONS. You continue to let us down. #resist
Put your constituents before your ego, Senator. Please. #SaveACA
Better do it before I vote or it will be bye bye
Let us pray Mr. Bailey. I pray someone opposes him next year I pray they win. Mr Perdue is getting too big for his britches.
David Perdoodoo.
