#1 Russian puppet in WH #2 Senators who want to strip millions of health insurance #3 How soon can you be replaced. People before party!
The single biggest threat to America appears to be the Republican agenda, but that didn't make the list.
The BIGGEST issue facing #US is the methodical, relentless murder of innocent human beings in their mother's womb. It's genocide.
The U.S. is not at war with North Korea. Plain and simple. Sure, our relationship isn't peachy, but we're not at war.
Where is mindless political hack senators on this list?
Terrorist attacks don't even make the list, because I understand probability.
This is ridiculous.
SERIOUSLY believe 61% of USA citizens are tired beyond words of MSM false narrative of Russia/2016 election.  It's tedious, juvenile!
Wow, quoting #foxnews. As #senator expect to have your own #statistics to post.
Are you hiding the Fox News poll that shows Trump/Pence high disapproval?
ROFL    Nice try
RT if you want @sendavidperdue to stop watching @FoxNews
Can I retweet 1,000,000x
Disagree. Russia meddling, the Emoluments Clause, and the swamp not being drained.
Our concern is you and your boss Putin.
Ask us in person, not RT Fox propaganda. My concern is you have abandoned the elderly and sick for a tax cut to those that donate the most
You are clueless of issues or the concerns with the southern part of your own state. How about spending some time on your own state asshole
My concern is you being in office without a concern at all about the American people. You will be VOTED OUT
I don't share the same concerns.  I'm more worried about poor folks dying from lack of health care
What about espionage??? How come that didnt make the list???
I'm concerned with all the money the government has borrowed from social security!
Faux news
FN Poll, agree with all except Russian meddling - would that issue much lower rating. Seems like DC tactics to  me. (GA)
1 Term Limits 
2 Gerrymandering 
3 Campaign Finance Reform
4 Climate Change
5 Deficit Spending/Budget Process
6 Infrastructure
I hope you noticed only 16 retweeted. 16!!!! You got more comments than that. What does that tell you? #yourefired
I'm more concerned with the lack of interest you seem to have regarding your constituents. HOLD A TOWN HALL.
You cant possibly be this out of touch. The #GOP is either negligent, ignorant or both. You, Sir, are willfully both. Shameful #VoteThemOut
Not concerned with "Russia, Russia, Russia" or "climate change", we need entitlements, immigration and regulation reforms,  Trump Agenda
Data from your ministry of propaganda FOX #fake
AND illegal aliens and visa overstayers and too many foreigners.
--A Georgia Voter
Retweet if you are appalled that Sen Perdont gets his news from Faux.  How bout Health care, tax policy, & fake pols acting as conservatives
If you want to know our real concerns, you could listen to them at a town hall, not Faux News' bullshit polls.
How about less time lickin Trumps ass and take care of your own constituents or have you forgotten about us. Can't wait to vote you out.
It's not the problems that are problems, Senator, it's your Republican solutions that concern me.
My biggest issue is that you're a senator in my state and I'm so pumped to vote against you in 2020
LOL how did you think this would go?
This is proof that that you KNOW people are concerned about Russian Meddling. I expect you to support investigation from now on.
I don't see the ACA on the list yet killing workable healthcare for Americans appears to be the GOP's top priority. Rich folks tax cuts too!
My top concern is not "government spending". It's YOUR corporate sponsors.  You seem to only consider wealthy and corporations as important.
You don't need to watch TV to see our concerns, you could actually MEET with your constituents.   Pencil us in!
How about the fact that 45 just pushed a PM, told NATO it's over, threatened EU trade war, & called our key ally evil? No concerns there?
What does the Republican Party stand for? Bully & Lies? Alternative Facts?Screw the little guy? The 1% only matter? Authoritarianism?
A town hall is good place to discuss the issues. When will you be holding one?
I voted for a wall & keeping terrorists and illegals out of our country.
Why don't you have a town hall meeting and talk to your constituents about this?
Guess what? Court just ruled POTUS' illegal and unconstitutional Muslim ban is still illegal and unconstitutional !
If you held town halls with constituents, you would know what our concerns were.
Russian interference and collusion should be at the top of that list. Climate change. Education.
@POTUS Delete the Russia fake news & it is close to the same page for most of the middle middle American citizenry but Nat Sec should be
nice ratio
I don't watch the Fake News channel @FoxNews . My priorities are Justice, Equality, Healthcare. YOU care about $$$$$$ and are why I #resist.
Ethics Enforcement 100%
You should be listening to your constituents directly and not copy and pasting from Fox News. You are intellectually lazy.
How about Russian agent in Oval Office, destroying social safety net, threats to civil rights of women.
Please come to a town hall in Savannah to hear what ALL of your constituents are concerned with here!
I would put Russia issues at the top.  Cannot have people in government that colluded with the enemy!! To not do anything is to be complicit
Seriously? The fact that RUSSIA MEDDLED IN OUR ELECTION is not one of your concerns???
Quoting #3 ranked cable news channel?  I don't see healthcare. Are their numbers taken from the top 1%?
Nope! Biggest concern is Russian Investigation
And I would very much welcome the chance to discuss our state's vulnerability to climate impacts. I'm happy to visit ur office in D.C.
These are the correct issues: 1) Corrupt, treasonous POTUS in bed w/Putin 2) Disastrous healthcare bill 3) Corrupt, treasonous GOP
Fox news? really senator? u think they represent all Americans & our concerns? Where is climate change? healthcare? education?
Russian meddling is on there, Senator.
One of your main concerns should be healthcare for all! 2nd should be Russian meddling!! Enough already! 45 has got to go!!!
Senator, you and Fox News are a joke. Advertisers are leaving bc we have the power of the purse #GrabYourWallet.
#PerdueFail #TrumpRussia
My concerns as a Ga voter: repeal/replace Obamacare; significant tax reform: US military;Terrorism:N.Korea:deficit;veterans
Not getting a lotta retweets here
Interesting. Healthcare reform is nowhere on the list....
My concern is #TrumpRussia investigation & your lack of concern for democracy. Defend our country over party and Russia. Listen to #Georgia
Don't watch fox bc they lie like u. Important issues r getting heath care not loosing it. Did rumps committed treason & why is GOPprotecting
I worry about Republican senators who won't stand up to the grifter in the White House.
How about trump acting like he has no home training--- on the international stage?
A big issue facing YOU is your refusal to hold a town hall with your GA constituents. @bettergeorgia @JonOssoff #impeachtrump #GOPgreed
I hope that you agree that climate change belongs on this list, esp for coastal states like GA.
My biggest concern is that you are supporting a traitor in the White House. #impeachtrumppence #trumprussia #firesessions #gopcorruption
A traitor who is now actively repaying the Russians for their help. He is intentionally weakening NATO.
Why are you shilling for Fox News instead of listening to your constituents.
We are concerned that the GOP platform is one of denying science and removing benefits for the poor and our senior citizens.
Who did u poll?  These don't even capture my concerns.
Perdue is completely tone deaf. He tweets but doesn't bother reading responses. Only listens to Big Money.
We are concerned that the president of the United States does not know how to handle classified information.
We are also concerned that you would not hold a Townhall to listen to us. We are also concerned of your unwavering support of Jeff sessions
Do you share the concern of Russian meddling? From your statements on Fox News it doesn't seem so. Your constituents are concerned.
RT if you want Senator Perdue to host town halls
Face to face no over the phone
I worry about: education, environment, care for our veterans, & safeguards for seniors, poor, & the ill. Why don't you?
He doesn't see money in those things.
