may I ask why? What evidence supports this extreme action other than "it makes people FEEL safe"?
She is attorney General of WE THE PEOPLE! Don't miss your chance to stand up to 45's foolishness!
Sir, that executive order EXPLICITLY violates the Constitution and other US laws, which Ms. Yates swore to uphold.
Are you saying you support violating the Constitution?
I look forward to voting against you, sir.
I.e., you would rather play partisan politics than support a fellow Georgian following her conscience. #CountryFirst
this is not how you were brought up. Would Jesus turn away people fleeing genocide? Shame on you.
I am a Republican voter from Georgia. I disagree!
unfortunately, I think you will be on the wrong side of history on this one. Very poorly executed by the WH!
Senator that was her job! The @POTUS conducted an unconstitutional action. Where is @MichelleNunn when you need her!?
Well you and your President will be voted out very soon. I didn't even vote for you.
instead of worrying about D. C. How about helping the people of GA.
.@sendavidperdue She took a legal stand in opposition to @POTUS. Calling that "Refusing to defend the United States" is incipient fascism.
Worth noting here that neither @sendavidperdue not @POTUS are lawyers. Just power-grabbing opportunistic pols.
wealthy men, getting wealthier by owning the system.
S. Gorka 3-1 app of ban,65% in Bloomberg poll, 57% in Ras & 66% say they favor Trump’s ban in a new UGov/Huff poll.
Slavery was once 'approved ', too, by majority opinion, at least by those counted as 5/5 of a man
Coward
Sally Yates was defending the constitution unlike @POTUS
wring is wrong if cannot see POTUS is that you are wrong also.
She was doing her job. Seems like you're the one acting like a typical politician. When do we get to NOT vote for you!?
Shame on you. I'm a constituent and I am deeply disappointed.  @SallyQYates deserves better.
I'm guessing you're rethinking this now?
You know that Depts. of State, Justice & HS were not properly consulted in this matter. You are pretending, posturing
Sally Yates stood up  against an illegal order. Had you served in the military you would know that is expected.
You're an embarrassment. Be an American instead of a Trump lapdog.
A #Trump lapdog? #SteveBannon is #PresidentBannon now — #POTUS is just his frontman. #MAGA #NoBanNoWall
I can see we're going to be friends.
She was doing her job of defending the constitution.
she was correct . Have you ever even read the constitution? Bill of rights??
all we're doing is showing the Muslim world that their extremists are right: Americans are hateful. This is not safety.
Hey, hey, NRA. How many kids did you kill today?
#SallyYates was upholding the constitution. We need more leaders willing to do that #weholdthesetruthstobeselfevident
Sally Yates did the right thing. You are on the wrong side of history
agree,Obama sacked 93 Attorneys,of course we dont hear that,90% of US media is democrat.Her job is to enforce law
I can imagine nothing more politicized than this asinine statement. I'm a GA voter- will work to ensure your defeat 11/3/20
You can count me in on that vote..
You are really working HARD for some Trump love aren't you #anyDayNow #youllbeRewarded #stopPantingtho
as we saw in mosque shooting, people have already died because of the increase in hate. How does this make us safer?
That's okay Senator Perdue, we'd rather have her back in GA. Guess who will take your senate seat in 2020?
YEP!
remembering this Senator and voting you out!
Even though taking action immediately risks the lives of our servicemen and women currently in the banned countries?
#Coward
You're a fool. The only people in support of a Muslim ban are racists. Are there enough of those in GA to get you re-elected?
Mrs. Yates faced exactly what Sen. Sessions cautioned her about. She fulfilled her duty to the American ppl. Your turn now
we do not agree with you
I agree 100%
#demagoguery to accuse #Yates of refusing to protect America. She's merely doing what @SenJeffSessions  advised.
@SenatorIsakson This is how democracy dies.
You are ignoring the principles on which this country was founded. Can't wait to vote you out.
You fully support removing any dissent to the Executive Branch? Then we've already lost this country. SAD
thats a NO vote from me
Firing @SallyQYates just because he disagrees with her DOING HER JOB should not be "refreshing", it is dictatorial.
as a Georgia voter, you might wanna listen to those calling, emailing, sending letters and faxing you. We're constituents.
@SallyQYates is an American Hero and you should condemn the RACIST #MuslimBan
WHICH AMERICANS? The non Muslim ones? The ban protects no one! There is no evidence that is does.
looking forward to casting my next vote in GA
This constituent is extremely disappointed in you, sir. You're kicking someone who stood up and did her job.
if republicans had used the nuclear option you had the votes to confirm Sessions
.@sendavidperdue "Though like many I believe the sky is blue, it's irresponsible not to proclaim that the sky is orange." Thanks for that.
Wow. Just... wow.
did you boys miss your junior high civics class? Yates was following a fed court order, checks&balances exist
Stopping the trend of "politicizing" does not include getting rid of all but the loyal Yes Men. Complete Opposite
With all the hate coming out against you, I will let you know you do have support. Earned my vote!
You aren't protecting anyone with this ban. What comes next, deportation of legal citizens?
What group is next? Blacks, Atheists? Jews? You will eventually run out of "others" to throw our ills on.
Why ban green card holders? This action is offensive, cruel, and un-American.
never have I been more inclined to become  involved in political activism! I'll encourage votes against you!
if we can't have experts who are willing to stand up to wrong, we are doomed. You just betrayed our country!
SY swore an oath to uphold the Constitution & she took a legal stand against an EO that she believed to be unconstitutional.
I am a constituent.  Now is not the time for parroting.  Her 84/12 approval vote = not partisan.  Find your ethics.
I am glad the aweful  rule change came about that would have hurt the horse industry stopped.
congratulations! Fascism at its finest!
Actually, Sally Yates' job is to defend the rule of law and uphold the Constitution.
Will @sendavidperdue help protect America from an authoritarian leader? I am a Georgian and I ask that you protect the balance of power.
I am eager to cast a vote against you, Senator. So disappointed in your attitude toward defending our constitution.
you think he's trying to stop politicization?  #thatsajokeright?
so you DON'T want the AG doing their job,  defending the constitution? Got it. Ok. Up for reelection in 2020 right?
Way to remain in lockstep with constitution-ignoring @potus. Looking very forward to your defeat in 2020, Mr. Perdue.
this order does absolutely nothing to protect Americans and you know it.
Sally Yates did not refuse to defend the US. On the contrary, she put her job on the line to defend the constitution.
Yates chose the Constitution over politics. You are giving #AlternativeFacts and moving us toward fascism.
I am a Georgia voter.
a typical politician consults with relevant experts before taking action; not to do so is reckless, not "refreshing"

.@sendavidperdue @POTUS It's not refreshing, it's terrifying. Neither of you have any respect for democracy or our guiding principles.
I would prefer a president weigh all sides before deciding instead of taking negligent action like this.
If you're our Senator and you don't know this, I have no idea how you got this job. Either that, or you're a liar.
That's NOT "political". That's defending us & also making sure POTUS doesn't waste tax dollars on unwinnable court cases.
This isn't about protecting Americans and you know it. I can't wait to vote for your opponent when you're up for reelection.
She stood up for the Constitution, and the AG is supposed to act independently of Exec not just bow to every order.
Yates job is to determine if govt actions are actually defensible under the Constitution. This wasn't. THAT'S HER JOB.
You’ve lost my vote. 
Your support for Pres Trump's immigration/refugee ban is reason many Georgians will not vote for you in 2020.
did you learn about the system of checks and balances in high school?
Why is Trump’s Temp Travel Ban Authorized? Read sub-section (f)  8 U.S. Code § 1182  (Inadmissible aliens)
Her duty was to the Constitution not Trump; she did not fail to defend the US, she did the opposite.
Coward.
Noted. This Georgian won't ever vote for you. Hard to believe you're so out of touch with your constituents like @POTUS
Yates was defending the #constitution and was fired for upholding the LAW! Ashamed to have you representing GA! #sad
Clinton fired ALL 93 US AG's. THAT was a massacre,1 person not upholding justice dept approved law? Not!
Wrong we Georgians have NO Respect for Sally. She shld be disbarred & never allowed in court room again.
you can't have it both ways but it doesn't stop you from trying no does it?
I disagree with you but at least you seem to be aware. Only time will tell whether this "protects" or incites.
: Like many Georgians, I'm sure as hell never voting for you again.
#purplestate
Could we have a bigger sychophant representing Georgia? What WH appointment are you hoping for?
Do you not agree with @SenatorSessions that the AG should say no when POTUS asks for something unlawful?
Do you guys need a copy of the constitution? The @ACLU can send you one.
course you do. Follow in step with leader. Don't want any dissenters. It's what the Constitution says....Wait no it doesn't.
DeVos is not de-politicizing DoE.  Your statement smells like #alternativefacts and you will face consequences next election.
Sessions is not de-politicizing DoJ. Mnuchin is not de-politicizing DoT. Price is not de-politicizing HHS. You are lying, we won't forget.
how are you our senator and don't even know what the role of the AG is?
your response is incredibly disappointing. @potus actions don't protect America and endanger lives inside and outside the US
When am I having donuts with David? If you don't like Krispy Kreme, I'll bring DaVinci's
.@sendavidperdue Please read your Twitter comments. They want you stand up FOR Sally and stand up TO @POTUS
You're a coward who cares more about marching in lockstep with Trump than you do about the constitution or Georgians
You lie. THis order is too broad and though the POTUS says green card holders are exempt they are being affected
I want an Attorney General that will stand up to what is wrong and illegal.
Her job is to uphold the constitution, not the will of the president. Thought you'd be familiar with checks & balances.
despite the fact it is based on refugees from countries which we've only had ONE terrorist attack from (and not 9/11)
of course you support him.., your afraid not too!!
Dave you are another puppet. To scared to stand up for what's right. How long do you have left in office? #shorttimer
I fully support anyone who campaigns against you. You will not have my vote. #ImpeachTrump for being unconstitutional
She deserve NO Respect from Anyone! WTFU!
I am a proud Georgia voter. She was doing her job & I support her. I do not support the President & I do not support you.
This is what she was doing (correctly). And look who is asking about it....your boy Sessions!
Oh look, a typical politician fawns over trump for not acting like a typical politician.
#Youhaveletmedown
.@sendavidperdue Aren’t you pledged to protect and defend the Constitution? You have lost my vote.
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS Yates swore an oath to the Constitution & took a legal stand against an EO that she believed to be unconstitutional.
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS Refusing to protect the Constitution is irresponsible. #resistTrumpTuesday #NoBanNoWall
then you should have stood up. She was following the law. Potus is not. We're watching and organizing to vote you out
Senator she took an oath. It's her sworn duty to uphold the constitution NOT the president
you took an oath Senator. The words "whatever Trump wants" are not a part of that oath
With respect Senator, "immediate" doesn't equal "right." Would appreciate you defending Constitution for your next decision - Constituent
Number of uninformed tweets.Must be getting info from MSM. She acted on feelings. Just cause you are offended doesn't make you right
I fear banning refugees won't make us safer, it will do the opposite as extremists latch on to a new American hatred
Sally Yates is a true American standing up for freedom and opposing tyranny.
TY 4 ensuring the protection of your constituents. I am a Republican from GA. I support the decision of our @POTUS as well.
This is WRONG and you know it. Racism and Islamophobia aren't protecting Americans.
Since when does protecting Americans include religious & racial discrimination.  U should do better
So you support firing the acting AG for blocking an illegal order by the President.  Despicable. 5yrs more of you :(.
essentially, you're saying you respected her up until the point that she actually spoke up against her boss.
No to Sessions as he will not put a check on the WH. Will take us further to crisis because he won't say no/u know it
You are just DT's Yes Man. Terrible for #GAvoters like myself.
no. Refusing to defend what Trump did is heroic. This constituent is sorely disappointed in you.
Please realize soon, this is not a Republican administration.
stop speaking for yourself and speak for the people of GA. I don't support her firing or the ban #NoBanNoWall
I can't wait to vote you out of office in 2020.
So disappointed in your support of this decision. I hope other Georgia lawmakers will have the courage to stand up to Trump.
This ban is not about keeping America safe. Your "full support" of it is cowardly and irresponsible. #gavoter
how about let's protect us through legislation instead of EO?
Disappointed to hear you have so little respect for our Constitution.
You support Trump acting as a dictator?  This is not a tv show, it's our country
You have no shame. I shouldn't have to tell a Senator to have decency... but it's 2017 and I do.
so refusing to defend the illegal and immoral actions of the current administration is irresponsible. Good to know.
Still talking about Obama? Defend the US? From people who believe differently than you? No wonder ppl make fun of GA.
I'm pleading with you to examine your conscience. She was defending the constitution and she was fired for it.
You are an irresponsible, vindictive racist. She was doing her job. He's a tyrant. Be on the right side of this.
@sallyqyates was defending Constitution, which IS defending Americans & our rights. Too bad you won't do the same.
It is refreshing to have an awakening and mobilization of a majority of people who are not misled by fear mongering.
Trump is certainly depoliticizing things by ignoring basic processes of government in his rush to implement poorly vetted EOs.
You are wrong. She was upholding the Constitution and acting against an illegal EO that does nothing to 'protect Americans.'
Oui je suis d'accord
It didn't take long for you to bend over. You have now actively ignored your constituents, and there will be consequences for it. #gavoter
glad to hear from you on this, good job! She was wrong the way she did it, she should have resigned first thing.
Yates was defending the Constitution.
, the @POTUS was acting like a dictator, one who cannot tolerate dissent or even nuance
she did what was right. You are letting us down. Check your calls!!! #gavoter
Sir, if you think Ms Yates did her job you can not support the president's decision to fire her for doing it. It's wrong.
Yes sir, I agree but
we must make sure the things put in place to protect the US are in within constitutional guidelines.
AG loyalty is to the law @ACLU has already proven #Trump EO to be unlawful. Thank you @SallyQYates for your loyalty.
you are obviously not interested in reelection. You are complicit in all of this and we will remember.
You're right, most typical politicians don't act like dictators.
go ahead and bend over for @POTUS, cuck
unconstitutional and it will make us less safe not more #MuslimBan
this is horrifying. AG is sworn to uphold the constitution...not the administration.
It's disappointing to hear that you support the decay of our Constitutional values. I hope you see what Bannon is doing soon
You are "refreshed" by Trump? You disgust me. Look at your country. #GAvoter
NO! This Georgian is educated. AG is supposed to be independent of the pres in order to follow the LAW OF THE LAND.
claiming that she's "refusing to defend the US" is a dangerous statement. You are dangerous, and enabling fascism.
Maybe ask Yates if you can borrow her spine. She clearly has some to spare. You clearly are lacking in spine.
Too bad Yates was trying to protect the Constitution. Remember the Constitution?
If you are with @realDonaldTrump then you are with Russia. #PutinPupppet
Delete your account.
And in case anyone is curious/able to go, there is a protest at the local office today: http://indivisible-ga.org/blog/call-to-action-senator-david-perdues-office-tuesday-jan-31st/ …
