Constituent from 30188. This statement is disingenuous and this bill does not fix healthcare. Georgians deserve better representation.
Your statement leaves out the fact that Ocare has issues because of you. Rep have refused to fully fund it and has increased volatility.
Your statement does not have one ounce of sympathy for the Georgians who will now lose healthcare. What about the 31,000 veterans that will
lose Medicaid in Georgia? What about the children and disabled that will lose Medicaid? What about the older citizens that will now be
unable to afford premiums? What about women that will no longer be able to access services we need? At least we know where you stand in
looking out for us in Georgia. We will not forget your part in this.
When is your town hall going to be held during the July 4th recess? We'd love to sit down and talk to you abt making health care affordable!
##REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare! #UnitedforFreedom!
ACA has issues but is not imploding. I'm saving hundreds/mo & my 27 yr old is able to get ins. We need a real care pkg, not tax cuts 4 rich.
This is why you need to stay home in August.
#FullRepeal #FreeMarket Vote  NO to #SwampCare!!  Join with @tedcruz and @mikelee #UnitedForFreedom
Trumpcare is a disaster to us every day Americans. Trumpcare = wealthcare
To whom does this provide relief? Surely not the 900,000+ Georgians who will lose coverage under BCRA. We want PUBLIC HEARINGS. #BCRAP
The current version of this bill would leave millions of Americans destitute or dead--including Georgians like me who trusted you.
Subsidies r just euphemism 4 $ redistribution. Market forces drive costs down not gov't regs [protection, entitlement, insert euphemism]
David;
You can do better.
 signed the people of Georgia.
Did you not read the part where it hurts women, the elderly, the poor, the middle class, those who are temporarily unemployed, etc?
Did you even read the OMB report? Good to know you care more about tax breaks for the rich than Georgians who will lose healthcare.
This takes Obamacare and makes it worse. The problems aren't fixed in this bill- millions fewer are covered and prices will rise #AHCAKills
So you think it's ok to put millions off their ins?  Cut Medicaid that saves lives? All so rich can get more tax cuts? Shame on you!
How can you call yourself pro life but support this bill?? Georgians will suffer!! Please put constituents over party for once!
So he cares about unborn humans but not ones that already exist in the world? Hypocrisy at it's finest.
Also why is no one answering at either of your offices?
Because he doesn't give a shit about us. He is only interested in lining his and his friend's pockets.
People will lose their healthcare! Please take ur GOP goggles off & do what is right for Georgians! Children/elderly will be worse off!
Gosh, maybe it would help to have hearings? Consult with experts? Be honest? ACA not collapsing! You're sabotaging it to get a tax cut!!
And to try and discredit all the good @POTUS44 did.
Would love to have a dialogue with u on this? In-person town hall? U name the place, I will be there as I am sure many Georgians will be.
He is a chicken shit - can't even reply to his constituents on social media - or at least have his interns do it. $$$ and party comes 1st.
So many lies in one paragraph!  Americans aren't buying it now get busy and start working on single payer, what we ACTUALLY demand!!
You can't call yourself #ProLife when you support the #BCRA that would harm millions of Americans & kill untold thousands. #VoteNoBCRA
Thought we were going to get BETTER healthcare at a LOWER cost. You people LIE!
Serious question Senator: How can you justify subjecting friends, family and constituents to higher costs and less coverage? How? #mean
No discriminatory bill is acceptable, least of all this disguised tax cut, craftily worded to veil less actual care for more conditions.
It fixes nothing but, takes away from the the elderly who most have given more to this country than those making the decision about this.
I would like to urge you to not vote yes on the senate healthcare bill. Throwing 22M people off of health insurance is immoral.
You're truly an embarrassment. You're horrible and have no business in the senate.
I did not vote for Republicans so you could reduce my healthcare premium by 20% when Obamacare increased it by 200%.
PLEASE vote NO, Sir!!
Don't call this turd "Sir". It is a sign of respect. Why respect someone that doesn't reciprocate?
#FullRepeal was promised. Why did you bother to take Ocare b4 scotus when you were going to keep it anyway?  #FakeRepeal #PhonyRepeal
https://www.yahoo.com/news/senate-gop-updates-health-care-bill-include-6-month-lockout-uninsured-171509672.html …
Senate GOP updates health care bill to include 6-month lockout for uninsured
So you're voting to throw 22 million people off healthcare. Tell us again how you're a Christian and how you care. Shame.
Change the bill so that Congress loses Health Care too. Then it will never pass. You don't deserve Health Care if AHCA passes.
You will take Medical Care away from 22 million people. Vote NO in AHCA.
You have conflict of interests. The AHCA will be a tax cut for you funded by gutting Medicaid. Vote NO on AHCA.
Do you realize that pregnant women need professional medical attention to deliver the babies. What are they going to do? This is suffering.
I don't believe you have a conscience. The AHCA is going to do catastrophic damage to US healthcare system.
You said to make changes so that people feel like they have coverage for pre-existing conditions. What is that supposed to mean? Dishonest.
Betraying and selling out the people of Georgia, for what? We need people that represent our state in congress.
Please oppose this bill.
Your statement is false - just blatant Koch talking points. Your constituents are smart enough to know better. Senate healthcare 4 all!
I too think that Americans should die more.
This bill is a disaster. How can you in good conscience vote for it. Vote no because we will remember how you screwed us over
Listen to the COB. Listen to your constituents. Listen to your moral compass. This bill will harm Georgians including my family.
The new bill is much worse. Fix what exists and serve the people who elected you
Trumpcare will never deliver the HC programs the ACA delivered. You must be in denial - after 7 years of promising HC you failed Georgians!
GOP added the weight to ACA then complained about it. Constituent from 31322. Make a better bill please.
You guys know that states with GOP legislatures are going to opt out of essential benefits. Pre-existing conditions need to be covered.
As a GA citizen, I do not support this bill.  Parties should be drafting bills collaboratively. An issue of this magnitude requires it
You will go down on the wrong side of history, Mr. Perdue. Georgians DO NOT WANT Trumpcare and we see you.
You are lying. #VoteNoBCRA
You are willing to let Georgians lose coverage in order to enrich yourself and your friends. Georgia will vote you out. #NoTrumpCare
As you can see from these replies, your condescending, detail-free gloss on this policy is unconvincing to your constituents.
dude, you have 27 likes. I don't even think that accounts for all your staffers. #sad
Haha. Easy to reach a consensus when you ignore other points of view and only let certain ppl vote. You're a #disgrace.
Please do not support the barbaric BCRA, Senator. It is indisputable it will hurt regular people. -30904
Pls tell us what it fixes. People will die, so .... less people needing health care & insurance? If you support this, you are a monster.
Your constituents losing their insurance is not progress!!! Please do not give a tax cut to people that need it the least!!!
I hope you out the needs of the people before partisan politics.
Senator, you're talking pure politics. The reduction is due to poorer people falling by the wayside, with wealthier ppl getting a tax break
I don't feel sorry for the dumb hicks that voted for you. Not in the least.
Do.  Not.  Want.
22,000,000
A rushed vote this week is a terrible idea.
Fix the ACA. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water. That's a huge step backwards. 31014
This bill needs to be made public and not rushed into a vote. This bill will severely hurt rural Georgians. Voter 31014
I live in rural Georgia. This bill mean less health care options for us. Our hospital is already on verge of closing & doctors are leaving.
Perdue, republicans never wanted ACA to work. They set out from day one to make sure it failed. Support your voters not the damn lobbyists.
Your constituents (me) demand a town hall.
It's ok if Georgia voters have no input on this bill due to its non transparency? This bill hurts YOUR Georgia voters.
It's ok if my pre existing condition puts me into a category that will price me right out of insurance?
So it's okay if my friend dies of cancer because the way the health care bill is written with the lifetime cap?
eliminating critical public health funding by repealing the Prevention & Public Health Fund? U approve a huge tax cut for the wealthy, why?
Do you plan to hold a townhall to discuss the bill? Your draft response is highly vague. What about Georgians on Medicaid? Thoughts on...
I am concerned. I think your constituents deserve more than a blurb.
Please DO NOT vote for a healthcare bill that hurts your constituents. Take time to make it better. All people deserve healthcare.
After reviewing this draft, I'm convinced you don't care about Georgians. You just care about giving insurance co's & the rich a tax break.
A vote for this bill is a vote against your constituents.  I look forward to voting against you, since you vote against my health coverage.
He cares nothing about citizens of Georgia. It's party over Georgians. Weve been requesting a town hall since November, but nothing. #2020
Typical of our senator vague and noncommittal. He will vote yes without so much as a question or suggestion for improvement.
We need you to stand up for Georgians, the old, the disabled, children and the poor.  Vote people, not party!
What you are saying is that you support Medicare cuts, in essence punishing the poor, elderly, and children.    And you are a misogynist.
Vast improvement over the ACA would be Medicare for ALL.
It's been called MEAN, even by the President.  And you support this POS?  What the hell is wrong with you?
It would be helpful to know what you are considering "remaining disagreements". I want to know your specific concerns.
Plz vote to repeal we need choices in healthcare competitive market and good affordable coverage

Look my son in the eyes and tell him that he's fought so hard to be here but sorry, you're just not worth it anymore. I dare you. 
DO NOT pass this health care bill. It will do nothing to reduce premiums and even drastically raise them on those over 50.
This is nothing short of a death sentence for Georgians and the economy. Shame in you.
Can you please clarify what you mean by "substantial fixes?" What exactly is being fixed?
Please vote NO!
What she said.  And I am a constituent.
you are a fool and a liar
I hope you seriously reconsider the age tax. Just when we lose employer ins our rates get jacked!?!?#NoAHCA
AHCA is a HORRIBLE BILL! 
Republicans will regret putting it forth bigtime. Especially come election tm in 2018! Rollng hds
This Bill fixes nothing, allows Premiums to continue up. Vote NO on Obama Care Lite!  BTW, I live in GA and I do vote.
If you believe that, then you would be forcing a complete rework of this bill. It is appalling in its lack of care for all but the wealthy.
When people die, we'll remember and hold you personally responsible. #murderer
You didn't review anything because if you did you would see what a heartless and cruel bill this is. Stop putting party over Georgians!
at least listen to the MDs and nurses since you REFUSE to listen to constituents
Why don't you ask the PROFESSIONALS? Like doctors & nurses.
GREED
Your party sabotaged the #ACA
QUIT LYING
Your vote "yes" WILL KILL GEORGIANS & AMERICANS. #TrumpCare
Why not meet with your constituents on this?
The best thought to ponder and deliver to your constituents: REPEAL
Ahh..Koch brothers not happy with it.  Have feeling your future "thoughts" will line up exactly with their position. Finally understand-
He won't hold a town hall and that's absolutely shameful. He works for us, but won't even address us face to face. #2020
You, sir, are a liar.

Who accepts a huge amount of money from healthcare, insurance, & pharmaceutical industries.
A yes vote would be CRUEL to millions of your fellow citizens. The GOP bill is a pure money grab for the wealthy.
Way to stick to the GOP talking points, Senator. Think of all the Georgians a Yes vote will hurt and vote your conscience - if you have one.
This is a bit insulting to the citizens of GA that you believe that this will bring "relief."  Have backbone and vote for GA vs the 'party'
You are one of the people who helped ensure ACA would not work.  Now you are busy ring to ensure poor people and middle class die faster.
Forget Tax Credits, we need immediate monthly financial relief, now!  Fed. Employees enjoy luxury healthcare, why can't we?
AHCA will be disastrous for Georgia. You will be held responsible. #NoAHCA #TrumpCareKills #NoToTrumpcare #TrumpDoesntCare
Pretty amazing how you can just put words together in any order you want even if it just makes a bunch of nonsense.
Good people of #georgia deserve better! #trumpcare loss of cov 4 millions, higher prem due to less cov/add ons, & more. No dignity = #resign
Saying that #Obamacare is broken is not an answer - this bill is deeply flawed says the CBO and you know it - keep trying
Far more devastating! Hatred runs too deep that @SenateMajLdr @senatego will destroy lives rather fix the problems! #VOTENOACHA #trumpcare
TrumpCare would deprive 23 million people of health insurance causing Americans to suffer and die so the wealthiest can get a tax cut.
It shifts $ from poor to rich, cuts Medicaid, 60% nursing home residents on Medicaid. If GA expanded MC our hospitals would not be closing!
Why not put the $ you want to give to the wealthiest Americans to fix the problems in ACA, Instead of forcing its collapse hurting Georgians
https://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=Career&cid=N00035516&type=I …
Still pays for viagra, I bet. And yet won't pay for the pregnancy which may result.
Not until it protects people with ote0i
Could you be any more of a puppet? Did you actually read it? No provisions for women and will once again increase for females
Which Georgians does this help? The rich ones who give you bigly campaign contributions? 
A vast improvement would be voting you out of office ....
What fixes will you be advocating for,  Senator?
You are listening to nothing your constituents say. This will RUIN families financially and devastate their lives. How can you not see that?
When rural hospitals & 75% of GA nursing homes close b/c of HUGE cut in Medicaid + lost jobs will you still claim u r working for Georgians?
Examine your conscience. This fixes nothing and will make matters so much worse for your constituents. Most of America disagrees with you.
Please do not vote for this bill. You are a sane man with children, why would you vote for this harm?
How is a $6000 deductible better for someone who meets Medicaid requirements?
Medicaid covers 50% of births, 64% of nursing home residents, 30% of adults w disabilities, 60% of kids w disabilities, 76% of poor kids.
I am one of your constituents. This bill fixes nothing and only makes the healthcare system worse. It will lead to hospital closures.
It only fixes something if none of us ever "get old, get sick, or start a family," as @BarackObama has passionately stated. Please.
Is there a mechanism in place to recall or impeach a Senator? Asking for a friend
It's not collapsing, record enrollment January, & if Georgia accepted the Medicaid expansion option OUT HOSPITALS WOULDNT BE CLOSING
Party line talking point
What is it fixing?? This bill is just an excuse to continue the GOP's abortion witch-hunt and give tax breaks to your wealthy friends.
You still have a chance to be a "good guy".Turn away from Trump. You can do http://it.show  us you are Christian,a Patriot
Senator, this bill would be a great tax break for my fam but we don't need it. Rural Georgians need the ACA. I agree with @potus, it's mean!
There are no fixes here. It is wrong. It is bad for the poor, the elderly, and the children. Reform healthcare. Make America great.
Mr. Purdue, we all know full well you will vote for this tax cut bill masquerading as a health care bill regardless of the final language.
Please add competition among insurance companies across state lines
But the abuse here is pretty sad. You deserve better. But that tweeted bitterness comes from behind uninformed minds.
David, I disagree with any central government proscription/prescription for any & every ones health, care. #FedsButtOut
Capitalism got us here. Free markets work best. Federal meddling creates nothing but a drain.
Repeal, don't replace.
You misspelled "wealth care system," senator.
Have Congress fully fund current ACA subsidies and if it fails, I will be much easier to convince this reform is needed.
But how can we trust what you say on it now when you stated it was superior before you even read it? That much his reduces credibility.
Don't let any Republican get away w saying ACA is dying. Was on pace for RECORD ENROLLMENT in January. Then @POTUS started to kill it.
How is insuring millions fewer Americans an "improvement"?
No support for you here, sir! This bill is the deathknell your party accused #obamacare of being. It can be undone in 2018. #SaveMedicaid
Well stated!
How about a Town Hall so you can actually hear how your constituents feel about losing their healthcare under this bill?
Don't you think you should wait to see how many Georgians will lose their healthcare before you decide to support this awful bill?
The only substantial thing about this bill are tax cuts for those doing very well. If you vote yes I will vote no. Also have a town hall
Wow. You really believe it fixes healthcare? Are you smoking some funny green tobacco that isn't legal?
I'm saddened by your statement. Guess you don't care about the sick, poor, disabled, or vets. Not very Christian of you.
You're not improving health care when you strip healthcare from millions of people.
Are you serious?
I assume you want to know if the final bill meets with the approval of actual healthcare providers, rather than politicians & lobbyists?
"Real relief?" You mean "relieving" people of their healthcare? The Medicaid cuts alone will be devastating to Georgia, but you don't care.
No thoughts, no guts, and a b.s. wealth care bill! Can't wait to vote you out!
What kind of fix says FU to 23 million people, leaves them SOL wthout insurance? What kind of fix takes people from $2200 to $22000 premium?
what kind of fix goes from $2200 premium to $22000 premium? What kind of fix leaves 23 million SOL without insurance?
I appreciate your thinking this is not the final bill. I sure hope so because it stinks. Pls work for bipartisan approval.
replace ACA with single payer
Georgians are not stupid.  Don't treat us like we are.  The Republican healthcare bill means death for many.
Do not cut Vet benefits or Medicare. No caps. No exclusion on pre-existing conditions.
Vote yes on this pos & you will be replaced at election time.
