Can't wait to vote you out.
So much for your Pro Life BS. Big talk about protecting moment of conception (no cost). But dying kids no big deal.
Huge mistake. You voted to take away healthcare from millions of people.  So sad, so shameful.
what's your plan to make the situation better? And not just for wealthy people like yourself? Oh wait, you don't have one.
Trump said new plan will be better and cover EVERYBODY! You must be so excited to show us this fantastic plan! Can't wait!
I would like to see your replacement plan, esp since over 500,000 Georgians have healthcare thru ACA #sixyearsnoplan
ACA needs improvement, not repeal. But thanks for showing your ignorance of the very real benefits of ACA. #saveACA
the comments are clear. your constituents don't want congress taking away our health insurance.
Many of your constituents- including myself and my family- have benefited from this "disastrous law". You lost our vote.
Not disaster to rural areas and middle class or poor! Will GOP help those who will be uninsured?
Disastrous because Republicans gutted Obama’s original plan. Where's the replacement plan?
depends where you are on the demand curve. Seems 30 million folks disagree, who are mostly poor families
This was a tainted election.No mandate to repeal ACA When next town hall in GA? Your constituents have other ideas.
Mr. perdue, U are truly forgetting that your employment by We The People of Georgia is temporary! Keep Obamacare! #2018
1 step closer to killing 1000s of poor GA citizens or bankrupting them Closing more rural hospitals #replacenow
Hi @sendavidperdue  I'm from GA and the #ACA is important to me. I have a pre-existing condition. Counting on you to help me stay insured!
do not repeal ACA until you have provided Georgians with an ironclad replacement. We're waiting... #SaveACA
this law needs fixing not repeal.  many will be without insurance.  pls slow down and work on alternative b4 repeal.
Many of your supporters don't even know Obamacare and ACA are the same thing. You should tell them.
Stop this irresponsible spiteful nonsense right now. The ACA has saved lives. Repealing it w/o replacing will end lives.
you sir are deplorable, cheering millions losing coverage.
stop reckless repeal w/o replacemnt. Georgians need coverage! You're hurting us!
when is the replacement coming and what is it? Need it now
You voted against women, children, poor, the sick, & working class.  Why do you hate us?!  Remember: we are watching you.
So you will be giving up your FREE SOCIALIST GOVERNMENT health insurance, right?
This Georgia voter does not support your position. Stop playing politics with our tax $s and our health!
You call millions of ppl losing health insurance & thus access to care & life saving medicines an improvement? You stupid?
Disastrous? Don't you feel what you're doing is also disastrous to millions? Shame on you & your entitled privileged self.
I am a GA voter-it's not a disastrous law.Pre-existing conditions should be covered no matter employment/insurance changes!
I guess you don't care about your constituents. Good to know.
Providing care + saving lives does not equal disaster! Show me a solution, do not repeal!
Maybe your staffers haven't been giving you your phone messages? #opposeACArepeal #resist
When I spoke to staff. The impression I got was that they were bored. Sorry taken your time but get use to it!
Yes, and 30 million Americans are now one step closer to losing their healthcare due to some ego driven vendetta of the GOP
can't repeal it without a valid replacement. Which you don't have. Give up YOUR healthcare, not mine!
https://twitter.com/mmurraypolitics/status/821401714532093952 …  should listen to the American people.  When is your next public app in GA. You have some explaining
On brink of its repeal, Obamacare has never been more popular than it is now -- per new national NBC/WSJ poll 
I'm so #ashamed. You claim to want to help Georgians & protect us but you voted in the middle of the night like thieves.
who are you looking out for REALLY! You should be ashamed, don't repeal without replacement
Are you crazy?! With no replacement to take it's place? This law is what has brought relief to millions of people! Shameful!
Also, I don't think you understand what the word 'disastrous' means if you are using it to describe the ACA.
Please don't repeal #obamacare, esp w/o a replacement. Many folks rely on it to live. You have insurance, shouldn't we all?
The ACA is plagued by the same old greed of the insurance companies, repealing it does NOTHING to help citizens.
so what's the replacement?  Have you forgotten who you work for?  You are killing the very ones who continue to vote 4 U
We need "real relief" from leaders who have NO IDEA what it's like to live with chronic illness. Disgraceful and callous.
The #ACA has kept me alive with metastatic cancer by outlawing insurance payout caps. Shame on you for selling out the ill.
Shame on you, stranding tens of millions of Americans without healthcare. PEOPLE WILL DIE and we will hold you accountable!
Do you have a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act that you can share with my fellow constituents?
You do know that more people have coverage now than pre-ACA, right? Will as many have coverage after "relief"?
.@sendavidperdue Do you know how cruel you sound?I've had my GEORGIA business for 30+ yrs & I depend on this law for insurance! #SaveACA
this law gave me health insurance when I was denied for YEARS. It gave me affordable insurance too! Do NOT repeal!!! #aca
seems like the number of angry constituents responding here greatly outweighs your likes on this action. #partyoverpeople
taking away health care with no alternative in place? This is not okay with me!
#SaveTheACA. Many of your constituents support this law and the American people need it. Don't let us down
You are making a mistake by gutting ACA before even an attempt at replacement. #gavoter
The ACA ensured that I could have health care despite my preexisting conditions and genitalia.
What's "disastrous" is taking away my healthcare and the healthcare of over 20,000,000 Americans.
You are WRONG! ACA saves lives. You should be working on fixing and expanding it instead of giving Georgians the finger.
please do not repeal #ACA I need #preexistingconditions and #nolifetimelimits to remain as tenets of the law
I vehemently oppose repeal of the ACA.
what'd I like 'real relief' from? Folks who identify as Christians and then let money determine their morality. #saveACA
My wife @AnyaSilverPoet depends on that law to live. If lifetime caps come back, she will die. And many others too.
if you have a better plan, fine, let's go with it. But, let's not throw the baby out with the bath water. #Obamacare works
#egregious. Stop playing with people's lives. Still no plan after 7 years? So you work for wall street not main street.
those millions of us who do want it..AND need it???  Ohh, but your not one of the millions,sooo..@sendavidperdue
If you and your colleagues are so bent on getting rid of the ACA for the people who don't want it, what will you do for
we the people know who you all WORK for and it isn't the American people.
without a replacement for the ACA repealing it WILL BE DISASTROUS.
What will the State of Ga offer the people? You all wouldn't even expand Medicaid! Now your going to allow people to just go
Your own office says you have no replacement. We will remember come election time. @SenateGOP are the real death panelists.
WILL our children or elderly parents do? But I guess your conscious Is allowing you to sleep at night, so you could care @sendavidperdue
you and your family can sleep at night knowing your covered if an emergency situation should arise. What will we do? What
afterwards. The Republican party has nothing to offer the uninsured American people, if you take away the ACA . Do you?@sendavidperdue
..You Sir, have shamed the State of Ga. There was nothing for the people of Ga before the ACA, and there will be nothing
Not a disaster to Georgians (like me) w/ preexisting conditions.
are you giving up your government healthcare??
Just about to call your office.  You guys have  replacement?  Some of us  have pre-existing conditions!
A disastrous law that's saved thousands of lives? You're a disgrace. And CLEARLY not any type of Christian.
For shame to destroy something that has helped people.
It is absolutely disgraceful that you voted to repeal with no replacement plan in place.
Without a replacement of something even better, the only thing disastrous will be your next election.
thanks for showing me who not to vote for when you're up for reelection.
Most Americans do NOT think it's a disaster! Stop trying to take away our coverage! #NoRepealWithoutReplace #SaveACA
this law has saved my life along with thousands of others. You will answer for this come reelection.
Oh, go look up disaster! I'm sure my taxes have paid for your dictionary. Also for YOUR healthcare. That seems very fair.
what about the 359k GA citizens covered by ACA? No coverage until GOP gets around to agreeing on their really great plan?
I'm a GA voter w/pre-existing condition & ACA is my lifeline. You are voting to literally kill me. #SaveACA or be voted out.
repealing puts many of our most at risk citizens in jeopardy!  Don't repeal without viable replacement.
Majority of Americans FAVOR the ACA and its measures. Be careful what you stand for. #repealtheGOP
This law gave healthcare to a lot of people! Needs  amending - not repealed! Republicans own this.
You mean #Romneycare? Or did you just vote against it because a black man's name is on it?
Doubt you'll be as proud of this when re-election time rolls around. Be assured we will remember. #saveACA #Shame
This American lives and votes in GA and stands with 30 million people who need to keep their health insurance.
If you want to find a way to lower costs, do it. But why deny coverage for people with pre-existing conditions?
Repeal of ACA will devastate many who need this coverage.
repealing without replacing precludes coverage for kids and adults with pre-existing conditions. Georgians will suffer.
nearly 500,000 people on the ACA in GA, most getting subsidies. Think they will all celebrate YOU getting to chose your doc?
don't repeal the ACA!!!
Once your poor voters realize what you've done, all hell will break loose.
I am a GA voter and do NOT want you to repeal ACA, especially without a replacement that is measurably better.
You are giving no details! How will you protect pre-existing conditions? Called your office and they said you have no plan?!
you need time to work on it? What have you been doing the last six years?
- The ACA has provided my family coverage. Do not jeopardize us until you have actual plan.  No repeal!
where's the new plan??
How? When is medicaid going to be on a sliding scale so low income can get healthcare in this state?
You are bragging about killing people!!!
I strongly oppose repeal of the ACA.
Why do U really hate ACA and want repeal? Tax on wealthy? On you? Taking coverage from 30 mil and giving 0 to replace so far
Senator, what is the replacement plan? You havechad 2 years.
by adding $350B to the deficit and leaving 20M with no health insurance.
I'm extremely disappointed and outraged by your stance. Voting to repeal without a plan in place is irresponsible! #ACA
What's the plan to replace that will occur simultaneously with a repeal? If you don't have one ready, don't repeal.
Next up? Social Security.
you just invited a blue wave in 2018 and 2020.
you're wrong. People will die. I remember the nights in the emergency room before the ACA because we couldn't go to doctor
Seek solutions to the problems, like insurance co. greed & states' implementation, rather than repeal w/o replace. #SaveACA
Relief? You mean you're one step closer to denying healthcare to millions of people?
Repealing ACA without a replacement is dangerous, costs us trillions of dollars, and irresponsible.
as one of your newest constituents sadly moving to a R state from a D, this law gave me protection when I didn't have it.
replacing ACA is a horrible idea, but replacing you certainly has it's merits.
NO!  DO NOT VOTE TO REPEAL!  I am a voter in GA, I am watching you!
My husband and toddler depend on Obamacare. It will be a BIG RELIEF to working families like us if you strengthen the ACA!!!
This "disastrous law" has saved lives. You are out of touch.  ACA isn't the problem. #saveaca #obamacare
What is going to be the replacement? What will millions of Americans do for healthcare?
you must replace before you repeal!
and taking away my parents only access to health care. Thank you so very much.
Consider ur constituents who need this law & don't consider it disastrous. #Obamacare helps many in #GA. What is ur plan?!
do you REALLY want to be a 1-term Senator? #ACARepeal #Obamacare #KEEPOBAMACARE
slow down there, pardner! Why you wanna leave us constituents in the dust on our health covg??? Some of us LIKE & need ACA!!
actually repealing this and making our friends and family uninsurable is the disastrous part. WWJD? Take care of others.
Surely you mean you plan to strengthen it so it can help even more than the 22M Americans it already helps, like my brother.
The ACA has 20mill covered and thousands in GA. That's no disaster! #SaveObamacare
we are one step closer to higher deductibles
It's good you admit you care more about lobbyists lining your reelection fund than Georgians who need health care. #acaworks
No! Please don't take away the peoples' health insurance!  We literally won't survive without it!
you are wrong. Repealing this law which has expanded coverage and slowed inflation of healthcare spending will be a disaster
we are one step closer to denying healthcare to children
voting to take away healthcare for MANY Georgians shows just how much you really represent the people of GA.
This law has and will continue to save lives. Real relief in the form of single payer? That candidate will get my vote.
we are one step closer to more people going bankrupt because they got cancer
we are one step closer to kicking sick people off their health care plans
please don't take away my access to mental health care.  More people than just me will suffer.  #stoptherepeal
Please stop. Reversing the #ACA is one of the worst things you can do for your constituents.
You're going to break the indie market in GA and send my family and our businesses to a better state. Brain drain. #SaveACA
As a GA res. I am V disappointed you voted for this. DO NOT want to see steps to repeal w/o replacement plan clearly defined
I disagree, you will hurt millions by doing it w/o plan. Why not fix what we have vs spend $$ to destroy it? I am a GA voter
yay! One more step closer to more Americans dying because they can't get medical attention
Here's an idea, Einstein. Give up YOUR insurance. That's taxpayer funded, no? Save us tons!
Shame on you.
are you listening to your constituents or are you voting your interests?
.@sendavidperdue not disastrous to me. Repealing it would be disastrous to me. Expanding it into #GA would be very helpful to me
Real relief would be you doing your duty for your GA constituents. ACA works.
We GA constituents are counting on you not to take away our healthcare. Repeal without a replacement plan is irresponsible.
Why would you think taking healthcare away from millions is "real relief"? What is your plan to replace?
This is not the right thing to do. It has not been disastrous. It has saved countless lives. You're making a huge mistake.
Even Russia knows enough to give at least the appearance of health coverage to EVERYONE. No such luck in USA.
I do no agree with getting rid of the ACA.
Repealing ACA is one of the worst ideas I've ever heard. So many Georgian families are going to be crushed by this move.
Respectfully disagree. Leaving many without health insurance is the disaster. Especially w/ no solution. A disappointed Ga constituent
NO REPEAL WITHOUT REPLACEMENT! Do not leave your constituents who depend on the ACA without a safety net.
What is your plan for pre-existing conditions? We will vote you out for putting insurance execs before constituents' lives!!
what is your plan? Specifically how will it better benefit your constituents who are on ACA? #NoRepealWithoutReplace
.@sendavidperdue I'm a constituent who loves her #Obamacare plan and want it to stay. It will be disastrous for me without it.
Shameful and dangerous repeal with no details about a replacement.  Terrible representation for the people of Georgia.
Don't be so quick to rip this safety net out from under millions of Hard working Americans. It has saved many  lives!
Do NOT repeal ACA! Millions rely on this insurance coverage for their LIVES! What kind of human being are you?
voting you out of office for not protecting our soc sec.
how can you call your self pro-life when you want to deny people the resources needed to LIVE??? SHAME!!
this is a death sentence to millions who need this laws protection for preexist conditions
NOT...this law saved my sister when she lost affordable health insurance thru husband's job when he died
saying bye to pre-existing conditions?  You're killing America.  Thanks.
I am your constituent and I NEED the ACA.  We will remember your "death panel" next time we vote!
This disastrous law saved my sister's life.
You fight for the fertilized egg, but won't fight for the 2 year old with pre-existing conditions.sanctity of life my ass!
the sanctity of political life above all
You vote against  interests of Georgians who rely on ACA for access to healthcare!  You won't get their votes or mine!
WTF IS SO DISASTROUS ABOUT THE ACA???
.@sendavidperdue This law saved the lives of people I love. You serve the people, not the other way around, this law helps people.
repeal now, I want to see noone in GA w insurance. Dont cave now
I am ashamed to have you as my senator. This will kill constituents and you gloat. #Obamacare #ACA
His constituents are corporations. They get tax cuts and incentives. These rubes voted for it.
.@sendavidperdue what we want is affordable healthcare that's available to ppl who actually NEED healthcare. Please don't repeal the ACA!
what is "disastrous" is denying coverage for pre-existing conditions and setting lifetime coverage limits.
This is wrong. Don't repeal ACA. Improve it. You're hurting millions of Americans. #SaveACA
.@sendavidperdue "disastrous" is leaving millions of Americans without health insurance out of pure spite while you keep your own. Shameful.
"disastrous" is a poor word choice for something that people are relying on to stay alive.
Where is your plan for replacement? You had years to come up with something. Still nothing. As your friend would say...SAD!!
Do not repeal the ACA. Improve it--which you could have done with Dems years ago but GOP wanted it to fail. Do not repeal!
Don't call yourself pro life anymore. You're taking healthcare away from ppl who will die without it and seem proud of it.
I am baffled at how "Christians" are taking healthcare away from millions of people. Shame on you.
Yeah.  #ReplaceNotRepeal if you,  @gop, @SenateGOP  have a better idea. Otherwise it is #bogus #partisan #SwampThing action
And with that vote, we are one step closer to replacing you with a Senator who actually cares.
Constituents want to know what will you do about the GA folks w/o healthcare & the huge deficit that will come with repeal?
- here's another opposing repeal of ACA.
as your constituent, sir, repeal w/o replace is 'disastrous'. U put your voters in harm's way-that blood is on your hands.
Repubs wants to rip away insurance from millions of Americans just to deny the first black President his legacy. Shame.
it's awesome how so-called Christians behave nothing like Christ--denying the most basic things those they claim to serve
What are you going to replace it with? Are you going to protect rural hospitals? Protect those with pre-existing conditions?
