What will be the last straw ? When our allies turn on us and consider invading us to protect the world from fascism? #peopleoverparty
Not a "D" Senator among them. Shocking.
Republicans aren't working with dems on HC.   #brick
Not one has tried to get involved and actually tried to get some of their concerns on the table while the bill was being drafted
The bill was drafted behind closed doors.   McConnell warned if it wasn't passed now the republicans would be forced to work with  dems
If the bill isn't passed the apparently the republicans aren't in control, and the dems are too stupid get involved and do there job
It's pretty obvious you have zero understanding of how our government works.   Not unusual for foreigners.
You've had 8 years to work on an alternative - there are a limited # of ways you can make a tax cut for the super-rich sound like healthcare
There is no excuse whatsoever for the House and Senate to take off when they haven't done their job. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr

Agreed a d necessary for my vote
What our govt. doesn't get is that we will be voting out the ones we know either didn't want to stay,left after failing, & forgot about us.
Good for you...  Get it done!  Please!
Damn Straight! You are testing our patience and it is getting THIN!
I haven't seen a response from you condemning @POTUS encouraging violence against the media. That means you approve.
Paul Z democrats aren't working on anything and said they won't.  All they are good for is fake comments in interviews. DNC wil be dead 2018
In 3rd grade I learned that Recess could be put on hold until I finished my work.  It is time for senators to grow up to at least 3rd Grade.
#25thAmendmentNOW
lol... NO WAY OLD MAN MCCONNEL WILL WANT TO WORK IN AUGUST...
Way to Go, Big Luther! Making me proud of my state's Reps again! @lutherstrange Let's make Congress get to work. #NoAugustBreak

Please vote to repeal NOW and replace LATER! Thank you!
@sendavidperdue You must take action with the president tweeting threats, name calling and lies.  It is your job and duty

I am going to work today. Don't want to but need to get it done.
They wouldn't have to work during their recess if they actually got things done now. Just repeal Ocare already and replace it later.
Repealing #Obamacare and replace it LATER?? 
#Republicans have been promising to do it for 7 years!!
The Q4 is around the corner!!
The US Senate should NOT go on vacation or take any other recess
'till 'the new #HealthcareBill is passed correctly for @POTUS signature!!
@SenJoniErnst @MikeLeeforUtah @SenatorRounds Thank you for putting #AmericaFirst

Scared to go home.  Call Washington their home.  The truth is very obvious.
You all need to you have too much time off & we the American People are tired of it
Perdue is out of the country
The  most ridicules FAKE news media.  You fed your fake crap  to the public to the agenda of criminals, like Trump and all hid goons ?
Repeal now forces them to replace. Obamacare dies in 2018 and no one has insurance except those that get  thru work and madicare so wake up
SOB's are corrupt as hell (both dem & rep) they might as well work for that extra cash & perks they get on the side...
How about they all WORK, until they actually get something accomplished. Ok children, no-one can leave the room until u work this out.
Yes you all should work because of your failure to address healthcare for the American people!
It would have been nice to celebrate July 4th with Free MKT Healthcare passed by REPUBS who have promised it for 8 years.

Oh well....
Would it be too much to ask for FULL OCARE REPEAL?  
McConell's bill is the "make OCare great again" bill.
Only free mkt hc will lower costs
Congress. The only folks who can vote to raise their own salaries, run trillion $ deficits, and vacation the month of August at our expense.
Very good, they will work for their pay check
UM...... NO LIBS?
The problem has always been free vs the paying people. The free side is holding up the process
Ten GOP senators were the latest to join the chorus asking GOP leadership to save them from angry voters by cancelling the Aug recess.
Just repeal the dang thing, open state borders to competition, tort reform and done. Really not that hard
They better watch out. They'll ruin their crappy reputation.
Good job to those who chose to support America and work for us.  I'll  call my Reps as well. Get it DONE.
@TracySwavely About time!
I know, right? Hope they can pressure the rest of them!
Wow, not a single Democrat wants to work!  Go figure!
Just get it done right no time frame."Work together"
They should no one in both houses to anything to justify there salaries as it is
They should they don't work enough as it is
Thank you Senators! Especially thankful for Senator Sullivan...Thank you for representing Alaska!
& if we're looking for a Senator to speak out and stand up against a @POTUS gone berzerk, where can we find one? Your silence is frightening
We expect our Senators to oppose the fed Gov's efforts to collect our name, last 4 SSN & voting history since 2006. Hands off!
First time I've seen the GOP Senators wanting to work. Probably just a political stunt.
#Repeal
And they are all Republicans. All Democrats want to do is collect a paycheck, cry about POTUS & incite countrywide riots. Dems are useless!
Good for them. Says a lot about their character
What ever it takes ...They need to do it. Let them work nights and week ends , like dedicated public servants
Awesome, just wish the rest actually cared enough to do their jobs.
What an esteemed group of hypocrites! The calendar is set up as it is so they can stay in touch w the people they are there to represent.
They need to shush.  I need a sabbatical of some kind.  Is it tee time yet?  T has not had a great week.  T needs some chill time.
I don't Ever get a Vacation.I am a Upstate NY Hairstylist Aka:starving artist In a small town5000 people and 23 beautysalons to compete with
I sense a Gov't shutdown showdown looming.
i agree if this was private industry there would be a pay 4 performance environment as well as deadlines.. if you wanted to keep ur job
@ThomTillis you just earned my vote! #MakeAmericaGrossAgain
What no Dems?
They are just as lazy as their welfare recipient voters.
Oh lookie...all Republican.  Effing lazy assed Libtards
Sure don't see a demoRat in there
It's a shame we have to publicly request what the obvious should be! Congress has the worst work ethic! They are useless!
Thank You  !!!
They need to. You work for us! Repeal now and replace later. But show us, the voters you truly care and just not getting a pay Check!2018!
they should, maybe they could get something done if they didn't go sit on their Yates!
ALL OF THEM SHOULD....!!!
Thank you to the Senators who are going to give up their August recess. May you still have a happy Independence Day.
Thank You!
Thanks, i commend them, my job dont even want to give me Mon before 4th, time to get it done, Health and taxes asap
@SenateGOP No bill, NO recess. Voters expect them to work as hard as them
No extra pay, $&@$ I wish I got their medical and pension.
They don't deserve a vacation or the salary they make get Something done already
#nobillnobreak
Yeah, they just don't want to go back to their districts and face constituents. Right @sendavidperdue ? Any plans for a town hall?!?
Where is pelosi and chunky
Of course all republicans @HouseDemocrats are lazy as hell
Yes! do what ya got elected for please. Does recess make it sound more productive than vacation? Y'all already got YOUR healthcare.
Thank you Senator's , Need to get the POTUS agenda done
From what I can see, I don't see any D's before the state enitials.
Send the Dems home. They're no good to anyone anyway. Will get as much done without them.
AGREED
Good
I still don't understand why they even get that time off. All politicians drag ass every day & still get rewarded recess. #HEADSCRATCHER
oh but I bet their interns have to work!
Riiiight. They're pathetic human beings. 
About time!!!!
Hmm, no Dems?
Why not? They sure as hell cant do town halls. And Dems are laying in wait to shoot them
All the ppl agree!
And if Social Security and Medicare are going "bust" how will we pay for another benefit program?
we know 10 senators to vote out
..note they are Republicans though!
I wonder where @marcorubio is. oh he's one of the RINO's. I keep forgetting. Anyone seen @SenTedCruz ?
As well as house freedom caucus
The constitution says: Go home!
and stay there we should fill your shoes with someone that will work for his living!
All Republicans, Democrats are like rats trying to get off a sinking ship. They don't care about the American people.
You bet! Proud of these guys!
Where are Cruz and Paul?  How about Corker and Alexander from Tennessee?
I agree, you're paid to work
@greensteel23 good for them. They should all work thru August. Enough of the vacations. That's what happened the last 8 years during Obama
Look at the faces now I know why there so quiet about African of American deaths because you're looking after your own interest not ours
Good call! GOP need to step up their game. Voters are losing patience.
Ship is sinking get as much done as you can before she goes under
Please yes work like the rest of us. Full time.
Committed people.
How about donate your time for the USA??????
All republicans lol #maga
Senators work 165 days. Really?  Our children go to school at least 182 days. Get back to work senators.
It is crazy for congress to take off the whole month of August
FINALLY, Someone in Congress that WANTS to WORK @SenateGOP #GOP
LOVE to See .@SenateDems Do the Same #DNC
#Congress #Senate #Senators
You are obviously proud of y'all's inability to get anything done.  This is your favorite tweet.
Yes! #NoRecessUntilRepeal
Thanks.
Only 10?
Glad to see our Georgia Senator doing what is right!

We need more selfless serving politicians like this! It's a good start to a new era!
Guess they are really tying hard to avoid town halls.
All of u need to work and do your jobs!
That's all wonderful but are they going to work! They all need to go; overpaid political hacks.
Easy there guy, I hear your frustration but? Well let's just send them to Mexico or something. North Korea maybe!
Do your job who else can screw our country do what Tump wants
Why don't we all do 1/16 of our jobs and take the whole month of August off?
Notice something interesting about these 10?  All Republicans.
Not a single one cares about human life.
they should they have been off 1/2 the year already
Good for them especially being that rhinos in leadership has taken the last three Fridays off or have left early without doing their jobs.
All republicans what a surprise
All should work!
There supposed 2 b educating constituents during this recess about  what they r doing in DC. That's what the recess is 4 meeting voters.
Who wants to meet them, well I would and put a hot iron under there asses!
Way to go!!!
Lee has been showing good leadership lately...
Get it done!
pretty much if they don't work through August Potus can rest assure he won't have the house & senate come Nov 2018 #So sad
TERM LIMITS...no wonder why some of those decades long ones are there..they have pt jobs with full benefit plz #DrainTheSwamp .ruined my day
Earn your Keep
They should work until a GOOD health care plan is voted on.
Where are the others?.....When something good for the people is done that they caused THEN I SAY THAT THEY ARE DOING THEIR JOB!! TY
Thank you. Take one day and enjoy Virginia wine country.
I don't see any ( D ) in that list.
We are better off if they stay on vacation or play golf.
These leaders like @sendavidperdue are using this as an excuse to not hold a #townhall when it's already July.
So many recesses! Why can't all workers make their own vacations every month or so?
They don't want to face angry constituents at home. Cowards! Go home & hold town hall meetings. Explain yourselves.
Why do Democrats need to come in?  They're not in charge of the failed health bill.  Mitch McConnell is noticeably absent though.
They need to be held accountable for that disastrous health plan they did put in place, and have to pay back any money in kick backs recieve
And not a single Dem in the bunch! Can't Pelosi reschedule her upcoming (next) plastic surgery appointment for the sake of the country?
Not One Democrat!  Just more waste. Oh right, they have to go home to talk to their supporters.  Drain the swamp- don’t take a break! WORK!
Perdue- Stand up to these career politicians. As you said they are the problem! #TermLimits
If GOP screws up this Trump health care plan, they better be looking for jobs in '18 because they're done. That's a promise...
lol where's the accountability for the Dems that got us here?
Don't do it guys, This is no time to break, with so much time already wasted, bickering. Country desperately needs you to apply yourselves!
How gullible are you people falling for this dog & pony show? They had NO LESS THAN WEEKS to meet w/Dems, review and VOTE on healthcare.
It's a children's pantomime. Only thing worse than not doing any work? Dreaming up pretense to not doing work, INSTEAD OF DOING THE WORK!
Mr. Tillis, my man!!  Great job you 10.
I for one think they should work all year!!! Every other government employee has to!!!
TEACHERS.?
FinallySomeLegislatorsHolding themselvesAccountable!! Right atAtime whenSomeR already home-Congrats to U above-We pay 4 & expect RESULTS!!!!
Shocker...#michigan isn't on the list. Can't wait for 2018. I'm adding some people to the unemployment line.
best way to keep from getting shafted by these reps is to make their family gov ins package be equivalent to whatever bill  they offer up
Most from states that nobody wants to go home to. #dontblamethem
Only ten, sad!
We only need five....
Supreme Court Justices.
With all the bs going on how dare they even think about taking time off? They made the mess now keep them here to clean it up. No time off!
How about they don't get paid till they do something
Why no dumbOcrap senators? I guess to busy filling their pockets and screwing American taxpayers!
Why isn't Senator @JerryMoran's name of this list?  He claims that after opposing the proposed legislation that he is "ready to get to work"
Notice there are none from the anti-trump states California or New York
there are more anti trump states then just New York or California


Not one Democrat?
Not a Single Democrats.
I don't blame democrats. Dems want to fix the ACA, republicans want no part of that. Republicans just want tax cuts for the rich
Brilliant political move on their part!  No way it's gonna happen but they'll look ever so responsible. Enjoy your summer break.
For what they get paid & the benefits for life. They should not have any time off that the rest of us so called constituents have do ur jobs
10 senators no one has ever heard of offer to work their break to attempt to fix Trump, McConnel and Paul Ryan's mistakes... #MAGAorwhatever
Obamas mess
The GOP has all three houses and can't get anything done and it's Obama's fault? Not real smart are you?
All of them need to stay. Your work is not any where near done! We are tired of you putzing around. GET YOUR ASSES TO WORK!
They should  we all have too.
Absolutely @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Americans don't get 200+days off a year tax reform, health care, immigration do your jobs
Notice they are not Democrats. Democrats are the no work ethic party.
Rest of swamp and leadership wants more time off. Status quo
I guess they can't wait to deny 22 million Americans their health insurance. What a hard working bunch of...
They just want to look good. They know it won't fly.
