I've been told you have a brain- please use it - instead of being a party puppet
Maybe you shouldn't have obstructed all the efforts to make it better
Repeal! Repeal! Repeal! Get it done!
So let's go to single payer and then that won't matter!!  Why is this so difficult to understand??? Because you need your insurance donor$$$
Why is this so difficult to fix??
So ending healthcare for 32 million Americans is your solution?  You use fear to stay in power, but you have no good ideas.
Just curious.  How did you get your 32 million figure? And how will they be kicked off with any new bill? Explain
That's just it. There is no new bill!!! They just want to repeal it and start over. Everyone will be screwed except our Fed. GOV. EMP.
Why don't you help instead of always voting along party lines????
He is a weak person. He will go down in history as a weak non leader. He is on the wrong side of history.
It does not have to be that way amd YOU know it!  Singlelayer healthcare instead of Corporate Health Don't Care. U only 4 Corp. Nt PEOPLE
What a BS artist.  But the problem is only the uneducated believe his story.  We all know why the ACA has problems.  Republicans.
I am personally affected by this ridiculous mess! Thanks David- let's get it done!
Georgians cannot afford that. This insurance mess is out if control.
Why are GOP Congressmen and Senators not screaming from the rooftops at their friends across the aisle?Show you're worth the vote I cast 4 U
we know that's only because GA opted out of excepting obamacare funds. Only solution is #MedicareForAll or you could #resign

And, apologies for language and all, but we're not gonna save this guy. The best we can hope for is irrelevancy.  #votethemout
Yeah, your efforts to f up the ACA are paying off. Shame on you.
If GA premiums r rising now, they'll go thru the roof if you #repealACA Here is a graph showing what Americans think of your plan: #SaveACA
If you don't repeal it cupcake, the people who have it, all 3.2 million of them will have nothing.
That's because you and your fellow Republicans have been causing it to fail. #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
You could have worked to fix it but chose instead to sabotage it  intentionally doing harm to the people of Georgia .Politics before people
Make the program better for the residents of Georgia. Don't repeal.....fix it!
Two words. SINGLE PAYER
"Skinny repeal" estimates have an increase of 15 million uninsured and premiums rising 20%, how is that better? #gapol
One ACA path to success = Medicaid expansion, which GA "leadership" refused. Better poor ppl die than Reps work w BHO, I guess #priorities
Tell the truth. Tell us WHY that is?  Is it because Georgia refused to expand Medicaid? Is it because GOP is sabotaging the ACA? #Liar
You tell em sir. Obamacare is ruining this country. My sister pays 1900 per month for 2 people with a 7000 ded.
Sm business owner/54 yrs old. If go up 42% after last 3 yrs of double digit increases-I will not have health ins for 1st time in my life!
Repeal completely, then pass a bill to address preexisting conditions and other provisions.
Here's an  idea invite
 all the big Insurer heads to a senate conference and hear their ideas. Compromise your ideology
Coverage is bad cause Gov. Deal refused to expand Medicaid. You'd rather price us out of treatment. 750,000 Ga kids hurt by BCRA.
Government did expand Medicaid.  It's been expanding since it's existence in the 60's
So what's YOUR plan
Yet CEO salaries of healthcare companies average $20 million yearly. Remove the profit motive
Hmmm, could any of that be because we neglected to expand Medicaid? Because in states where Medicaid was expanded, premiums are down.
Insurance costs were rising at an  unacceptable rate before aca.

What about premiums again?
You, isakson, and Deal are he worst thing that has happened to Georgia. You guys all talk out the side of ur mouth
But your solution doesn't make the problem better for Georgians. Get it?
And what are you going to do about that?
And how many in GA would lose healthcare entirely under the plan you support? How about to quote numbers from your own plan as support.
Again, if not for the instability the GOP created in the market, the ACA would be in better shape. GOP has NO workable solution. #FixTheACA
So you vote to make it worse. Shameful and stupid.

Unfortunately, we are not among the 31 states, D.C., have expanded Medicaid. States that needed it the most chose politics over citizens.
Your lies and voting record will get you fired. McCain voted NO to repeal. #fixhealthcare
BECAUSE DEAL F*CKED IT UP!!! He didn't allow for Medicaid expansions. How many rural hospitals will close so you get your tax break???
Tell the truth! GA GOP Gov opted out of marketplace, resulting in high cost, few options for GA. ACA does work in states that opt in!
Problem w/ your argument senator is you have constituents who can read/research. Better/cheaper was your battle cry. Let's see your work.
Stop with the fake news!
It's because political hacks suck as you have refused to work on fixes to the ACA. You'd rather see more people suffering with Trumpcare.
Lie, lie, deceive & deflect.
Riding high on the public’s dime.
Paying court to the rich elite,
Constituents left to die. 
PERDUE! PERDUE!
Well the answer is NOT what the GOP has come up with that's for sure
Kentucky saw an increase - $30 B-in their economy when they expanded Medicaid.
Or is Christianity as a party plank only convenient when stripping citizens rights, not when it comes to their health?
I don't recall Christ having a lifetime limit before healing folks. I thought Christianity is allegedly part of the GOP platform.
Nothing is more remote from the GOP than authentic Christianity.
We are allegedly the greatest country in the world & we are completely comfortable allowing citizens to die of treatable cancer because of 
Why don't you then create "access" to ACTUAL HEALTHCARE for all of your constituents instead of medical bankruptcy in the guise of access?
Stop whining about it...just stop sabotaging ACA & fix the problems. And call it by it's proper name...ACA.
Vote no to vulgar trump care

That's because you guys can't figure out what you are doing so insurances have to charge more. BCRA is no better and rates will go up too!
Tell the truth FOR ONCE. STOP LYING
So... no insurance is the answer? Give us a break! We should be able to fire you all for gross incompetence. Stop lying to Georgians!
I'd say you've sold your soul to the devil, but that would imply you ever had one to begin with.
#Resist
#SINGLEPAYER
#MedicareForAll
Then fix it.
PERDUE's BIG LIE OF OMISSION:  Perdue and the GOP bear the blame for those large increases.  #CorruptComplicitGOP
OK, but do you have something better, that doesn't involve slashing and burning the current plan and taking care away from millions?
No. That's unregulated insurance industry. NOT the ACA. You're not supporting healthcare for your voters by political blaming.
You claim to be a Christian, but have bought the GOP Koolaid of blame it on Obamacare. You put ideology politics above Matthew Ch. 25. Sad.

Republicans went to great lengths to insure the people of Georgia would be without healthcare.  We aren't blind to what you are doing.
That's because you don't want to fund it. Don't blame Obamacare, blame yourself and your party. Obamacare has flaws, but all are fixable.
Sorry to say I have absolutely no confidence that you want to help me and my fellow Georgians.
Why don't you fix the problems with Obamacare rather than waste your constituents time talking on tv!
I dare you to come up right now with a solution to fix Obamacare and help Georgians. If you care about Georgians as you claim you'd do it.
Liar. Liar. Liar. 
Other than failed repeal attempts, what specific actions have you taken in the past 7 years to remedy this?
So you offer cheap insurance with crappy coverage and premiums still go up for the old & those with serious medical conditions.No help there
How about Republicans reassure insurers that the feds will pay the bills under #Obamacare?
So fix it.  FIX IT.  You know, actually dig in a do the work for which we pay you.  GOP "health/tax plan" is just tossing baby and water.
Senator CEO, Repair of the ACA is what Georgians want. Not Repeal, then leaving rural Georgians with nothing !
Smoke and mirrors. Tells us how republicans contributed to those problems.
My company only has one insurance carrier
That's only half the story. How much will they go up under the proposed senate bill?
PLEASE vote to the #FullRepeal of disastrousCare / noCare. THANK YOU! Keep up the good work Senator & thank you 4 not being part of #swamp.
How bout #singlepayer
You are making the case for fixing it not throwing it away for a worse plan that hurts more people especially in rural GA
How many insurance carriers did those 96 counties have before Obamacare?
You took part in the deliberate sabotage of the ACA by Republicans. You need to own that. You purposefully have hurt Georgians. Stop lying.
Because ga has resisted full participation from the beginning.
I thought the CBO said the Republican plane make rates go up faster and leave millions of people off insurance?
I forwarded your emails on to Politifact. Maybe NOW we'll see how much of what you said is true or a twisting of statistics.
Do you believe in the GOP plan strongly enough to insure yourself under it and give up your current coverage? No? Why not?
Cite your sources! Where are you getting this information?
EVERYONE REMEMBER HE AND THE @GOP EXEMPTED THEMSELVES FROM ANY CHANGES TO THE AHCA. IT'S SO BAD THEY HAD TO KEEP IT. THIS IS ALL BS!
So where's your plan Mr Know it All? You and the @GOP have had 9 yrs to get a plan. 45 said u had a plan 2 cover all and lower premiums...
But you and the @GOP must think it's ok.bc u exempted urselves from any chgs to ACA. Now u got all this to say, but not 2 ur constituents
Site your evidence for the claim.  And is the cause the GA @GOP not participating in the exchanges?
#VoteOutPerdue2020
It will get a whole lot worse under GOP plan.
Unfortunately, we are not among the 31 states, D.C., have expanded Medicaid. States that needed it the most chose politics over citizens.
@SecretarySonny @NathanDeal 

That is because @GaRepublicans & @georgiagov did not choose #Medicaid Expansion

http://familiesusa.org/product/50-state-look-medicaid-expansion#sthash.Cy7BtZRc.uxfs …
You & @SenatorIsakson - ACA repeal/replace is like "my kitchen sink leaks so imma burn the house down and think about building a shed"
You have to be in the top five worst senators in GA history. @ajc why won't you expose this guy and make him answer to voters?
Because you &the @GOP have undermined the ACA from the start. FIX THE ACA - literally no one wants the BCRA, not even the insurance industry
What exactly do you think is going to happen when you take this away??
Our governor needs to expand medicaid!
How do we know the current Senate plan isn't worse?
Read your tweets.....you too @SenatorIsakson! 15% of Americans want this! Don't lie!
FIX IT
At one time our local hospital did not accept insurance off the exchange. People had to buy insurance and travel 30 miles to use it.
Yeah, and they'll go up more without the ACA you flaccid turkey neck looking egghead.
Stop with the endless self promotion. GA deserves better representation.
Liar. It's risk corridors gone (Rubio), SCOTUS decision, and #45 threatening 2 take away reimbursmt of subsidies
Are you crowing about how effective your efforts to prevent Georgians from healthcare have been?
Pretty disgusting stuff my man
FAKE NEWS
+ @SenatorIsakson Enjoy your last year - you’re ruining GA future healthcare...Oh and our amazing #Grady and #Emory missions too
And under Trumpcare we would have NONE!
Liar. Why don't you tell the truth & say we deliberately sabotaged healthcare for the people of Georgia by refusing ACA exchanges
I tell him that all the time. I sent him a letter outlining 3 causes for ACA increase...I get crickets from his office.
If he replies at all, it's just canned bs.  He's no Senator, he's just an empty suit.
Shame on you!!
One is better than none ex senator.  Trumpcare will KILL millions.  You & all  Repubes are committing genocide.  Good Job Davie.
This tweet is disingenuous. Gov Deal refused extra Medicaid $, & rural hospitals r closing. Congress refused to pay insurance subsidies.
@ ACA start, Medic. expansion was reimbursed at 100% by the Fed's. It decreases over time, as of 2day it's 90%. They are ALL Liars.
So make it better, not worse you bought corporatist. Support #medicareforall & don't stop until all Georgians have comprehensive healthcare.
Then fix it, or at very least stop undermining. R's didn't have vision to help in 09. Still don't. Just haters w not invented here syndrome
Georgia made some bad choices that made it worse than it had to be. Why not start legislation in committee like it used to be done?
And expanding Medicaid in GA would be a boon to those who can't afford insurance and for struggling rural hospitals. You failed GA.
So fix the ACA instead of jeopardizing it. You're creating the problem by cutting funding and support. #iseeyou
Your name is on history's list of traitors. #YourLegacyYourDecision
Yes because your idiocy didn't make a marketplace. All on you.
SINGLE PAYER NOW
Say what you will, but it is wrong to repeal ACA. Work on improving it with a bi-partisan effort. Those who will lose insurance are VOTERS!
That's under the GOP budget where @marcorubio defunded the risk corridors. You're to blame for this.
your solution & the GOP's is even worse.
There shouldn't be insurance middlemen
Then fix it. Do not take healthcare away from millions who need it.
Under your plan it will be zero counties.  Our country is best governed from the center work with Dems to fix ACA!  Listen to John McCain!!
Great Speech!
The Senate bill however does nothing to fix this, only make worse. Also How many older Ga will lose Medicaid & kicked out of nursing homes?
You and yr GOP cronies are undermining the ACA and then saying "it's failing". Georgia doesn't need you, we need leadership. Pack your bags!
Lying Perdue doesn't have the courage to lie to our faces, keeps lying in front of TV or through social media posts. Vote him out in 2020
If premiums are going up & marketplace isn't stable, it's because of GOP using federal $ to destabilize. Screwing the poor isn't the answer.
And yet you have better healthcare than anyone else just because your a Senator. You are out of touch with us here in GA
When Trump's cruelty is finally ended, you and your colleagues that played along will also be remembered at the polls.
How do you even sleep at night?
That's under GOP sabotage
So kick everyone off. Great call
If the governor had expanded Medicaid (and thus the ins. market) this wouldn't be the case. But that doesn't fit your narrative does it?
Medicaid is not insurance, it's a handout, paid for by taxpayers. How can we keep paying more, my premiums have tripled.  Over 30k per yr
This is such bad info. GEORGIA DIDNT PARTICIPATE IN EXCHANGES BECAUSE OF YOU. I'm so sick of the lying.
Exactly! The lies they tell!
I cannot wait to vote your ass out!!
So you're voting to ensuring those counties have 0 insurance carriers? Great work!
So what’s your solution? You’re just going to hang your fellow Americans out to dry rather than trying to actually improve things.
Agreed. So please work with @TheDemocrats to fix it.
You must think we’re really stupid.
That's because you and your fellow republicans have been actively working to sabotage it. Work on fixing it and we all benefit.
So give us single payer.
Every expert is telling you that the BCRA that you voted for yesterday will be much worse. Yet you voted for it. Because you're a party hack
Resign
