NO, don't stay and don't pass that horrible health care disaster.
Sure but how about pass healthcare reform that is Better and doesn't drop coverage or increase costs, and leave the tax cut for elsewhere.
You weakly invoke the "people back home" fully knowing that you are actively ignoring us. Shameful.
Results!!!! Nothing is getting done, and the Party controls both houses!!!?? Republican leaders are old and weaK! Need new Senate leader!now
5 Times Democrats Tried to work With The Russians To Swing Elections.The Democrats don't have the moral high ground.
Ppl back home want to save ACA, SS, and SCHIP! Don't think we forgot about that WH "budget" that takes from children to benefit the 1%!
Senator, what your constituents won't tolerate is your silent complicity re the money launderer and Putin stooge occupying the White House.
Perhaps you should meet with your constituents? You don't just represent the rich Republicans.
I'm tired of asking to a town hall. Can't wait to vote him out in 2020
I'm running
go girl!
So proud of you! America needs healthcare reform!
Grateful for @SenIsakson who actually gives a darn about constituents.
Too scared to come home to listen to the people who fund your salary & your guaranteed, gov subsided health plan ? #doyourjob
Maybe they should pay for healthcare by cutting his salary? Drop him down to the average American salary and make him use trumpcare?
You must address the Trump Russia situation. Demand accountability.
People back home also won't tolerate your blind eye to our concerns and comments.   You have not represented us
I'll believe it when I see it! I'll put money on it you won't. Fix it or definitely a short timer.
Greetings from back home!  Remember us?   Time to work with Dems and fix the ACA.
Senator Ted Kennedy's KGB, USSR, Soviet Gambit via @forbes
What I can't tolerate is the GOP cobbling together backward legislation while our "president" makes BFFS with Putin. #notnormal
What you need to do is come home and actually talk to your constituents. You have avoided us for over a Year.. voter 30083
Do NOT vote for Trumpcare! You will be abandoning thousands of Georgians especially the young, elderly and lower income. No forgiveness!
Sen. Perdue: I like getting things done. I also would like it if Congress gets the same healthcare that other Americans get. Voter in 30094
They must repeal like promised.
Purdue should replace useless Mitch McConnell
PLEASE reform healthcare!  Small business GA owner. Premiums have nearly tripled in last 3 years!
Absolutely not. I have an ind BCBS GA plan prem $500/month, $3500 deductible & I am paying 100% out of pocket w/no benefits;Fix it Now #MAGA
My meds for lifelong condition are $500/month,on top of a premium that offers me nothing, no pharmacy savings& meds now subject 2deductible
I agree make it better! Don't defund it with tax cuts and make healthcare more expensive with no coverage of preexisting conditions!
Gridlock is EXACTLY what we want if the other option is repealing The ACA. Protect Obamacare, Senator!
In the"real world" Georgians hate the House and Senate versions of the healthcare bill. Listen to your constituents.
We also don't want healthcare taken away from millions
Care to comment on Trump?
People back home want you to step up and get rid of Trump. He's made the USA a laughing stock.
Thank you, thank you.  REPEAL and REPLACE Obamacare.
People back home won't tolerate being ignored and won't tolerate you voting anything but NO to Trumpcare.
David, you folks desperately need new leaders who haven't had time to be bought by KStreet. Good luck. Watching.
Won't matter if you keep focusing on your own ideology instead of outcomes for everyone.
Don't cater to the Insurance & Pharma industries!  Put the voters first!!
The job you're doing is terrible and you should feel terrible.
Why are you ignoring #TrumpRussiaCollusion ?
My hope is people back home won't tolerate you.
You should be majority leader!! Good common sense approach.
THIS is what you're tweeting about today?? GOP silence on Russian collusion is deafening. You dishonor your office, sir.
You're just afraid to talk to us! We can see right through you, failure!!
Raise your hand if you think we need to #VoteHisAssOut!   
What we will not tolerate is you supporting a treasonous President, you working to take away our health care, & your refusal to meet w us.
Thank you, Senator.  Georgians and other Americans are in your camp.  Stay and get it done.
People back home want you to hear their concerns, care to have a town hall?
Reason you are in Senate -follow Koch orders-never has been for constituents. Very frustrating to watch & have you as my Senator. 2
Of course HOWEVER-your work should be for "the people"-not Kochs. Per AP-Kochs holding back funds to GOP until  REPEAL complete=taxes gone-1
People back home won't tolerate the GOP health care bill. Repair ACA. And hold a town hall meeting!
How would you know what we want? You are too afraid to have a town hall to hear from us to know. Stop being a coward and meet with us!!!
When will open and public discussions take place for healthcare bill? We do not want a bad bill rammed through the Senate. Fix the ACA!
And we won't tolerate a Putin stooge in the White House! Stand against Treason.
Take away healthcare for the poor & don't meet with your constituents because you are a "VERY SPECIAL" human being; unlike your Georgians.
No idea what people back home will tolerate Senator Perdont.  You wont meet with them.  Cut the piety.  Ur leader is a disgrace.
When was the last time you talked to people back home? You haven't had a public meeting with constituents this entire year.
Please go home.  All you're doing in Congress is causing harm to anyone who is not in your donor class.
Thank you! Healthcare Reform won't be perfect...nothing is! But necessary..people are suffering to pay premiums for insurance they can't use
I'm one of the people back home, in Athens. I call you every day & tell you I want a town hall & a NO vote on this hc bill. When's the th?
I guess it's time to fill some buses and come visit you in your office.
'Washington Gridlock' is a funny way to spell bad healthcare bill
How would you know what we want back home, you won't even hold a #TownHall. At least @SenatorIsakson does his ineffective phone town halls.
@nytimes @washingtonpost @ajc Senator Perdue, Are you an American or a Russian ? Will you criticize Trump ever ?
@ajc @washingtonpost @nytimes @nytopinion Senator Perdue, Georgians are sick & tired of your hiding from them. Man up!
People back home are still waiting to meet with you. Please back off #BCRA
Sir, please come home during recess. A lot of us would love to meet you! These are not the results you are looking for. Be a hero... say no!
Standard Perdue. Avoid, deflect, LIE!
U need 2 work on getting the #FakePresident outta office. #25thThe45th #Trumprussia #GOPcomplicit
You don't care about your constituents you oy care about your $$$
How would u know anything about ppl back home? Stop with the camera preening and meet with us. Your constituents are in GA in case u forgot.
We do not want trumpcare - it will not lower our premiums or help my husband provide ins for his GA employees!
David only works for his party and his funding – screw all of us!
Nor will we tolerate dumbazz GOP senators ignoring all this Russian crap!
You know what people won't tolerate? Losing their health care, collusion with Russia, and congressmen/women who refuse tho hold town halls.
On point Angie! Not only for GA.  but the entire country.  He should spend the break polishing his resume.
When is your town hall Pervdue?
What are you talking about?  The people back home?   The people back home would like a forum with you and Senator @SenatorIsakson.
In my line of work, if a project wasn't completed as promised, you don't go home, much less take a vacation.
don't host a town hall! It will be filled with loony leftists who just want to attack. You are doing a fine job! #NoRecess
Are you a comedian  because that's hilarious... NOT,!
You are so WRONG! We want you to restore the high risk corridor pmts to lower premiums, and #SinglePayer.  Expand medicaid. No rich taxcuts
Absolutely the truth! Can you get @TomGravesGA14 on board with that? We need REPEAL of obamacare, Tax reform, and @POTUS nominees confirmed!
I am so proud to know YOU are representing people like ME. In my 37 adult years, You, sir, have been the best elected official I have had
Oh puke!
People back home=All my rich friends and donors - I finally found something we can agree on though, congress needs to work more!
What we the "people back home" won't tolerate is the collusion and conspiring with foreign governments to disrupt our elections.
Impeach @potus now.
Lead through action and interaction with those you seek to lead. Need to have joint town halls with Isaakson before we lose the GOP soul.
#MAGA Yes! 
Skipping townhalls? You owe us a townhall!
SHADY Republicans ON VIDEO pushing through BIG PHARMA BILL in secret 2 screw SICK PATIENTS! 60 Minutes EXPOSE:
GOP has control of Congress and Presidency. This is all on you.
To end gridlock, try working with the medical community. These professional healthcare orgs oppose Senate bill because it harms too many.
You guys should spend August figuring out how to get all of those to a Yes instead of your Senate cronies.
Where is your home? Who are you talking about? You don't even meet with your constituents. Maybe use Aug recess to listen to our thoughts?
WHY SHADY REPUBLICANS LOVE "FOR-PROFIT" HEALTHCARE! GOP Lawmakers Buy Up HEALTH INSURANCE STOCKS as Repeal Moves Fwd
Your self-inflicted gridlock can be solved by working with Dems to fix the ACA. You've sabotaged it long enough.
We want you to fight for us and pass legislation that HELPS, not hurts. We also want to see you speak up about Trump and his ties to Russia.
People back home would like a town hall with you and @SenatorIsakson so we can tell you how much the #bcra would damage the US #DoYourJob
LOL Republicans have control of EVERYTHING. Who's fault is it that you can't get anything done?
Real results does not mean a special interest bill
All recipients of govt aid shall be given mandatory drug test
Ppl on govt aid shall work, continue education &/or have physical fitness exam
David Perdoodoo.
How would you know? You won't talk to us
So you're having a hard time at your town halls?
Is it your constituents complaining or the Democrats?
Who will vote for you... maybe.
He doesn't hold town halls.
Democrats in Georgia are still his constituents.
Senators should listen to all citizens, not just his supporters
No, his constituents are the ppl who voted him into office.
Not all citizens in GA voted for him.. & if Obamacare is not repealed. less will
That's actually not the definition of constituents.  A constituent is someone that lives in the district of an elected official.
Do you live in Georgia?
