Another key to getting good rest is actually doing what is right for America vs being tool for Trump. #I'mwithstupid
You might as well work, since I have no idea how you sleep at night.
You can't rest, because you have supported an AWFUL cabinet...now there's hell to pay...all of us will pay...SHAMEFUL.
we are watching your actions. You will be held accountable for selling us out
Get to work destroying our water air forests national lands. Brag to ur grandkids u did this to their world B ashamed
Time to do your job and call an in person town hall meeting in Atlanta.If you are not up for it you should step down
Stop ducking and hiding!It is time to lead with integrity!Meet your Atl constituents in person?When is the town hall?
Instead of boasting about staying up late to confirm unqualified nominees, how about holding a Town Hall? #DoYourJob
my god you are out of touch with reality.
so you'll be too tired to face your constituents when you get home?
Also, attacks on the First Amendment and the independent media - you cool with it? As long as it lines your pockets you are.
We have some questions for you here in Atlanta and as taxpayers and your financial base, we need to talk. #TownHall
@SenatorIsakson GA senators must've made a pact w/ the devil. They've sold US out for what? #GOPtraitors #gopterrorists
@SenatorIsakson Neither of you seem to consider what may be best for your constituents. Why no townhalls? You disrespect us.
I will vote for literally anyone so u can be defeated @POTUS
Never have I been so disappointed with my government officials as I have been since Inauguration of this president.
So disappointed in you.
Really, Perdue? Such hard work for so little gains...you do not represent so many of us!
You are all so morally corrupt now I understand how the nazi's succeeded. You are all saying nothing.
buy yourself some vitamins with the $23,400 bribe from Betsy DeVos.
while we are all busy policing their incompetence #notonestepback
I think you meant to say - confirm him before he is proven to be a crook. Another vote to be ashamed of.
Get to work for who? Not us because you don't listen to anything we say...Look at Devos #Saleouts
it's why you get paid $180K plus. Go cry on someone else's shoulder.
no work, no more orders until you investigate the confirmed Russian interference. The right thing to do.
#NeverTrump
I hope that work does not include dismantling our public education system with your support of Betsy DeVos-$20,000
anxious to attend your next town hall, sir. Will that also be at 2 AM?
a better use of your time would be a town hall in GA. So many GA Republicans switching parties. Your seat is no longer safe.
Why don't u just defund the EPA instead of putting a fox in the hen house.  How stupid do you think Americans are?
working under the cover of night like the cowards that you are.
way to ignore what your constituents want and vote party over country.
David, what happened to checks and balances? Advise and consent? It doesn't say rubber stamp and put party over country.
I bet your doing it so you can get campaign contributions. Don't lie
Yeah u just push them thru bc ur partisan. U don't care about the ppl.
we hate you. #TownHall now!
I am sure you meant 'under cover of night as to not arouse suspicion'.  VERY SAD!
#JoePlumber
Teachers like me are regularly up that late grading tests and assignments.
A shameful vote. Stop thinking about $$$ and think about our children and grandchildren.
You are a #sleazypolitician . You can't count your money if you can't breathe the air. #scienceisreal #climatechange
working late at night hoping the dems go home so you can confirm the worst cabinet in history. 
or is that the only time you think people aren't watching you dismantle the republic?
#GAvoters aren't sleeping these days either bc u aren't looking out 4 us or our kids. #Pruitt a disastrous choice. #shame

You're supposed to work for your constituents not potus. We want strong environmental protections, not pollution.
we don't care about your sleep. We care about you vetting these ppl correctly. We want a town hall with you.
wow senator! It looks like you're as popular as the president!  Will be sure to vote you out too!  #NotForGeorgia
Surprised you can sleep at all knowing what you're doing to our country. History will not look upon you kindly, Sir.
i'm from Anniston Alabama… Confirming Pruitt is a disgusting move. I now live in Georgia, and I am voting against you
me too
, get to work on what? Dismantling the EPA? Pollution > profits? Casting aside 40+ yrs of clean air/water? #GOP = CORRUPT $$$
.@sendavidperdue I think you meant “to ensure POTUS’ nominees get *vetted*”
Shameful! Necessary to get nominees confirmed before the truth comes out.
at least the Dems have morals. You are ready and willing to sell your soul.
How much will @GOP do to hurt AMERICANS? PUBLIC needs EDUCATION, HEALTH, and ENVIRONMENT. STOP trying to PROFIT off of us!
No INVESTIGATION into 5K emails? Or the 19 lawsuits he has filed against EPA. I KNOW the @GOP want to ELIMINATE. STOP now!
VOTE NO. Do NOT bow to "party" pressure! I've heard the calls to your office! Do you WANT GA to become the WORST STATE!
get to work taking away health insurance &,destroying the planet? We can hardly wait.
Shame on you for avoiding confrontation and acknowledging real objections to Trump's nominees @sendavidperdue @POTUS
get to work ruining this nation you mean.
Get to work destroying our environment, dismantling healthcare, and rolling public ed back to Stone Ages. Yay #GOP!
Can you prove that this is what your constituents, like myself, want? You're going to crash and burn by ignoring us.
so hard confirming 1of the  most egregious cabinets ever. Now, maybe you can work on investigating the Russia/POTUS connxn
You are seriously complaining abt your lack of sleep while voting for a man that w/ make America environs unlivable. WOW.
You stand for nothing except your own interests, not what's best for Georgia and your constituents. Get a clue.
making sure you don't get reelected #impeach45
you are such a hero!

Now are you personally going to destroy the environment or just get rich of its destruction?
do you even check  comments? Because damn.oh that's right trump said u don't represent us, only those who voted 4U
You deserve a break. This recess, take a "me day." Sleep til 8:30, have coffee, talk to some constituents at 10. #townhall
really, even though they are bought out by the oil companies? Hard to trust you now
BTW, GA is 36% Republican 34% DEMS and 30% IND. Hear ALL of us or be challenged! GA can turn BLUE!
Pres is a loon. Wouldn't hire him to work for my company. No integrity or competence. You don't appear much better.
hope oil/gas isn't interested in a new pipeline or fracking near Lake Lanier? Lack of clean water/earthquakes cost of biz.
you should take some of that time to check messages from constituents.
Nominees should only be confirmed if qualified for the position-but what do you care. Party over country, always #sad
Shame on you for confirming Pruitt. It's important to protect the environment & invest in climate change research!
or you could listen to the countless constituents who think Pruitt is a bad choice. Party over country is a shameful choice
so with the new head of EPA your job creation is to let Companies pollute and hire people to clean up the mess? Sleep
David.. enjoy your time there. The great people of Georgia will vote you out when your term is up.
No excuse for why you couldn't delay this to see Pruitt's emails first. Republicans were obsessed with Hillary's emails.
Obviously your lack of sleep clouded your judgement seeing how you confirmed Scott Pruitt for EPA. So disappointed!
One piece of work you're not doing @sendavidperdue is talking to GA voters. Why no #townhall scheduled? We have questions!!!
yeah why no #Townhall, what are you afraid of you gutless wonder? I'm tired of being nice #CallEmLikeISeeEm
#wow please get some sleep!!! Lol
Thank you!
Feel free to sit this one out if you're tired. Maybe use that time to schedule a town hall.
. @sendavidperdue Necessary they get confirmed?... why not necessary they get fully vetted first?
