Most illegals fly here and stay when their cards expire. Airplanes fly over walls, you doof!
Please don't pay attention to the Soros-funded paid trolls! Keep doing what you are doing! Stay fiscally conservative!!! 
Ronald Reagan fought hard to have a wall torn down... we don't need a wall. It is time for you to retire.
Well we need to do something to handle this illegal alien issue..a wall is a start..better than no plan, or allowing them to flood in.
Wes, borders don't threaten US national security. Threat priorities are: education, healthcare, infrastructure, and environment.
I think a wall is stupid and we should make Mexico part of US, either by negotiations or lastly force, then they will all be citizens.
Add a border crossing fee, coming or going, of a few bucks a vehicle and use that too. #Buildthewall
Keep up the good work David and support our president Donald J Trump 
hack.
Bravo Sen. Perdue!
Go to old country buffet with @SenatorStrange and work this out.
Hey!!!  AMERICANS don't want this!!!  Forget about the friggin' wall!!  You would know if you held a town hall!!
Obey the law or pay for the wall? Your thinking is small. We are a nation of laws that gives freedom to all. We do not want your wall at all
No, we do not give freedoms to people that sneak into our country, that's not how nor ever been how it works..God why do people not get that
"Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore."
Cool poem
The wall will not be built and if it is when democrats get back in the white house we will tear it down.
Yeah and we'll lose the country in about 10 years after that if the like minded people come into power. Will be overthrown from the Inside
The Republican party is destroying our country not powerless immigrants the future is progressive.
please stop saying immigrants(who are great like my ancestors and yours) we talking about ILLEGAL immigrants(non tax paying+ free benefits)
It's time for you to go! Take a bow. I'm a  and winter is coming. Bundle up. Snow forecast in GA!
The irony of your statement aside, why don't you come up with a more constructive angle to the issue? Stop being a square & hold a townhall
Really? This is what you're spending time on in Washington? How about holding a townhall or suggesting an independent investigation into 45.
He's my senator and here he's doing EXACTLY what I want him to do, thank you very much.
HBO has a great documentary on the mex border wall we ALREADY have that doesn't work. Wasted tens of billions. Please reevaluate position.
Finally realized #Mexico will not pay for this ridiculous wall and now you want to make hardworking taxpayers fund it. No thank you.
How about stop stonewalling and do something about the idiot in the White House???  No one cares about the wall!
How about a bill that lets people choose on their taxes what portion of their money they'd like to donate towards the unwanted wall.
Better still, choose whether to pay this hack's salary.
these cali legislators need a slap from the feds a slap to there wallets
Ew.
The wall is a ridiculous idea. The majority of Americans are against it. Waste of our money. Start listening to your constituents.
Once again, I see you are focusing on the wrong thing. Ignoring the elephant in the WH makes you complicit #Trumprussia
Ignoring, hell. Perdue has been feeding and praising the elephant!
True that.
.@sendavidperdue, why are you so full of hate? Your values are un-Christian, un-American, and un-democratic. #resist
So you approve of people coming here illegally? Try to sneak into any other established country. A country needs borders to survive
*waste
Typical Republican policy focused on punishing people and creating victims for perceived political gains with no concern about reality.
And leaving taxpayers to pay the hefty bill for GOP foolishness!
If you want to catch a lawbreaker news flash he's in the white house. But no Luther would rather go after powerless immagrints
You are just like 45 cannot wait to get you out office.Thought Mexico was paying for the wall. Hey idea you pay for the wall no salary
Funding is needed for infrastructure and not to build a border wall with limited effectiveness. Trump is the one that needs to obey laws.
Such a gross waste of money that could be better spent elsewhere.
You're starting to sound like 45. Will you start wearing a ton of bronzer too?! Can't believe you're still backing this clown 
How about we build schools, not walls.  Stop allowing ee misclassification to cause loss of billions of tax dollars from cheating.
This right here, no words can fix
You're going to lose your job. I hope you're ready. #Georgia is coming for you!
Thought Mexico was footing the bill for this one 
You're a nightmare.
Let's talk about this at a #townhall already. Why don't you include your constituents in these decisions? You hate us, don't you?
You guys are going to lose the house and senate next year
Hey chicken farmer....Trump will be impeached soon and you will be voted out of office....you are an incompetent politician
Don't you have more serious concerns?  Trump & Co  may end up behind another kind of wall. One with an electric fence. And bars.
You're the worst senator Georgia has had in decades. What an asshole you are!
Sen. Perdue, the last thing we need is a wall that will drain money and accomplish nothing.  Constitution over party.  Time to decide.
I'm confused. Isn't Mexico supposed to pay for the wall? You're not trying to charge twice for that laughable wall, are you @sendavidperdue?
You are an embarrassment.
You are part of the swamp that needs draining.
You sir, are NOT listening to your constituents. I know they are calling. You are a joke and I will do everything to help your opponent.
Why do you want to raise Americans taxes to pay for a wall your parties President said would be paid for by Mexico? #RaisingTaxes
Pretty sure you said Mexico would pay for this bigoted boondoggle.
You are so FAR out of touch with us here in Georgia
Go away!  I can't wait until I can vote you out of office.
We have a crisis in the WH and this is what you're concerned with? Get your head out of the sand and demand an independent investigation
Washington Examiner is a second rate newspaper
And Jesus said, "Blessed are the rich and misinformed.  For they shall squash those rapist Mexicans and trannie Muslims."
Party over America is the standard GOP mantra . You actually said in an CNN interview Trump is doing a good job. Where?
Please be firm with our present administration. They need to resign. Right now Washington dc is a sanctuary city! #fakepresident
How much of the wall will @potus pay for with his obstructire of justice and leaking of classified information crimes?
Great idea - best of luck!!
Maybe this bill will do as well as your last one charging more fees on pre-paid debit cards.
Great idea!!
How is a wall going to stop people over staying visas, stop drug dealers from tunneling under or flying over said wall?
It's not, and that's a big problem we need addressed asap
How about you spend some money on something useful instead, like updating infrastructure???
You suck.
So you get that we're gonna have to pay for it. Obey laws & u'll make me pay. Either/or fallacy.
Just can it.
Do you only watch Fox News?  The idiot in the White House is endangering our country. Represent your constituents. No wall.
This crook got a $30,000 pay-off from com companies for selling our online information. And won't call for Trump Investigation. U goin down
2/ Maybe work on that? Thanks.
1/Obey the law? You're supposed to be part of the checks & balances that would prevent a treasonous President fr dismantling our democracy.
NO ONE WANTS THE STUPID WALL. There are far more productive things we could spend money on.
This wall is the stupidest idea. Everyone who lives on the border agrees it won't work. Why are you wasting money on this? #disgrace
Yes please! I love it that my senator gets it.
Speaking of obeying laws, what do we do with those who obstruct Federal Investigations? You may want to glance around, your ship is burning.
So, let's say a billionaire colludes with our archenemy and shares secrets breaking Constitutional law, should he help pay for the wall?
You're waging war against the wrong people; an expensive, ugly wall solves zero problems that exist in reality. You're doing a terrible job.

Jesus, man. If you took the time to speak with any constituents, you would know that WE DON'T WANT THIS. Do your corporate donors? I bet not
it's not even realistic. The man calls himself fiscally conservative and patriotic, what a fool.
David calls himself a Christian too, & my understanding is that the Bible calls for the opposite of screwing over the less fortunate.
Think it will get as much traction as your bill to halve legal immigration?
So, Mexico has Sanctuary Cities?
What are the incremental # of illegal immigrants estimated to be stopped by this wall?   Is this the most efficient way to achieve goal?
Disappointed
you're what's wrong with our current system. #DoYourJob hold a #TownHall or #resignnow
GOP is an embarrassment. Party over country.
You're the worst
For the love of God, you pathetic show boater! Talking about the wall? You are completely out of touch w the majority of voters. #CorruptGOP
Wait, wait, I thought Mexico was paying for the wall!? Get to work & fix the immigration system & stop wasting time/money on a wall!!!!
Thank you very much, Senator Perdue.
Sincerely,
A Georgia Voter  
Wait. Isn't Mexico paying us back for it? I'm confused now.
One thing at a time, for people who can't walk and chew gum at the same time.
This plan is ridiculous.
Don't change the subject.
There's NO REASON to round up children & families to send them to JAIL CAMPS & POVERTY. F U.
What the hell is WRONG with you? We don't want a stupid wall that doesn't work and costs BILLIONS.
Yes, Senator Perdue's voters DO want such a thing, thank you very much.
No you and the Trumpers want it. The rest of us want Perdue to crawl out of Trump's ass.
My, my, lookie here, a muslim telling an American politician what to do.
Whatever.
Go ride a bike.
Oh, yes, it's AWFUL to hate people that shoot up bars and kill people, and awful to hate people that fly planes into towers.
Absolutely!!!!!
Senator, I didn't realize we had sancuary cities in Mexico! Wow!
