She's unqualified & bought her position. She's known for her bizarre & extreme views and she has 0 experience. Shame on you.
he's one if the people who have benefited from the money she spent on that position.
the bidding begin!
that's why we need publicly funded elections, like the writters of the constitution did.
And we need to spend the next few election cycles dumping the old, money grubbing generation @BrandNew535
I have voted against them all my life, I plan to run against them soon.
Good! I know a number of people who have started organizing to dump this useless Congress.
I would love any information about them as I research my options in running.
Which children? Upper class, Christian children!
DeVos is neither an educator nor administrator.  She is a wealthy lobbyist who plagiarized her answers to senate questions
During confirmation hearings she showed just how uninformed & unqualified she is. U have lost all credibility with educators
very qualified
Wrong! Not a puppet, not a puppet! 
Start reading your letters, Senator. Or at least have someone from your team pick up the phone for once.
I received a automated response for an issue I did not even address. Are you listening to the people of Georgia?
he's listening to special interests who pay him to pass laws that hurt his consconstituents, vote him out.
Completely agree!!!
It's easy to sing an unqualified person's praises when they are sliding you a check! #SelloutPerdue
Oh, and you know Cobb and Gwinnett both flipped to blue this time, right? You only beat Nunn by 7%. 2020 is gonna be fun.
@EducatedVoter_ Yes. We're gearing up to dump him.
cant wait 2020
The Perdues have created enough havoc.
#23k #YouAreTheSwamp
I am SO DISAPPOINTED in you and when I vote I will remember that!
2020 cant come fast enough. you dig your own political grave. wow, even Dems + Reps here can agree this is crazy
and she has funded you.  BOOM!
no backbone unqualified you lost my vote
I will remember that you shafted the children of Georgia when you come up for reelection.
I'm disappointed by this. I hope you realize that appointing her will affect the whole education system.
I will remember that Betsy DeVos BOUGHT his vote at reelection time.
Shameless vote! You took her $23400 for your campaign and then vote yes to confirm her.  We are all watching! Shameless!
so, if I come up with around $23,400 to donate to your campaign, can I get a federal job I'm not remotely qualified for?
I bet that paycheck you received from their family sure helped in your decision.
hope the $20,800 helps you sleep at night. #shameonyou #DeVosvote
Indeed, because she finally brought to light the horrid bear menace our schools have been afflicted with for ages
I shall remember this vote for an unqualified billionaire who does not believe in separation of church and state. WWJD?
I'm a proud christian who will speak out against wrong done in His name.
which children? The ones in the underfunded public schools of Georgia. Not our children clearly. 
We will do everything in our power to make sure that you are not reelected - this children of GA deserve better.
so this is what $20,800 buys, hey? Your unwillingness to look out for the children of Georgia will not be forgotten.
I look forward to voting against you
If you believe that you are not paying attention. I invite you to have dinner with any of my Michigan friends with children.
Her one&only qualification is giving millions to GOP, including to the senators who are now assessing her "qualifications"
I dare you to put your money where your mouth is and let her educate your grandchildren. Will you do that?
Your callers included many tireless advocates for children, most of whom are more QUALIFIED to be Education Secretary.
does the $23k DeVos gave to your campaign fund have anything to do with your support of her?
It's clear you don't listen to constituents. DeVos knows nothing of public school communities, families, teachers and staff.
.@sendavidperdue Shameless vote for DeVos by you who took over $23,400 in campaign contributions. Expect a backlash you shameless senator!
less than $21,000
and I look forward to campaigning against you and @SenatorIsakson
you also took $20,000 from her in campaign contributions. Remember that?
Finally a real educator, children of Missouri for DeVos
Did the $23,400 the Devos family contributed to your campaign convince you that she is qualified for this post?
4: And you-like your president and your entire party- are failing miserably. #2020ishindsight #standindivisible #VoteThemOut
Our President the best go Trump 2020 remrmber Oprah could never do what you can. She will put Illegals before white people she is a RACIST AND DOES NOT LIKE WHITE PEOPLE. I HAVE ALWAYS SAID THAT. SHE REALLY SHOULD NOT RUN. SHE WILL EMBBARASS HERSELF,
Because you were bought!!!!
http://politics.blog.ajc.com/2017/02/06/isakson-perdue-plan-to-back-betsy-devos-at-tomorrows-nail-biter-vote/ …
You have now lost my GA vote!
Disgusted!
NO SHE'S NOT.  But I'm a tireless advocate for ending your career.
I'm sure you do.
#BetsyDevos is a tireless advocate for Republicans.  I support you as a one-term senator.
Then you should have known better.  DeVos has ZERO qualifications.  Dumb move.
Do your job and represent the people who elected you, it seems GA wants you to vote NO on DeVos.
Where are your stones? When this falls apart and it all will you will be out on your party line ass.
She's unqualified, unprepared. Please listen to your constituents and vote NO
it seems her millions and millions of dollars to the Republican Party and 'towing the party line' is.
I am one of your constituents. Many people are tireless advocates for children. That should not be her qualifying factor.
Please oppose her nomination!  It seems like you have made up your mind.  So will many GA citizens come Nov2018!
Vote No. She has no idea what she is doing. She and her family have paid for this nomination.
. 30039...voting constituent 2018...VOTE NO. For the childrens sake.
.@sendavidperdue We stand with President Trump & we support Betsy DeVos ! We support the entire cabinet!
Are you kidding me?  So you think she is the best person for the job?  Come on! #countryfirst
You do discredit to your position. You *know* this woman is ill equipped for this position! #VoteNoDevos #NoonDeVos
Therebis no supporting evidence that she is a qualified for the position. Only that she contributed to your campaign! No!
Seriously? When will you show some integrity? Someone without any experience in education is appropriate for this job?
BS
Please vote the will of your constituents, this should be a bipartisan vote.  #blockdevos
Do you hear us?? We elected you. You represent us not her. Change your mind. Listen to YOUR constituents! #VoteNoDeVos
Then I look forward to voting you out of office for ignoring the will of your constituents. Remember WE can fire you, Sir.
Live and vote in Brunswick. Please don't vote to confirm DeVos. She's uniquely unqualified.
Unqualified, unprepared.  Please honor your commitment to us.  No DeVos
She's an advocate who isn't educated in the basics of our education system! She's passionate, but she isn't fit for the job!
she is not remotely qualified and the fact you support her says you do not care about GA schools or children! Shame on you!
I hope you don't plan to be reelected then. #noDevos
she is the WORST qualified nominee in HISTORY
if you support her you will lose YOUR seat 
I am a constituent from Snellville 30078.  Please don't vote for her she is entirely unqualified based on her testimony.
The "school choice" referenced above will bankrupt GA's rural public schools. Please vote No on DeVos.
Georgians voted down Gov. Deal's bill to privatize "failing" schools. Why would you vote against your constituents?
My mother was a public school teacher for over 30 years in the state of GA. She strongly rejects school vouchers.
Ms. DeVos has no degree in education. She doesn't understand title IX and the rights of disabled students.
Ms. DeVos has no experience managing a company or a large institution. I mistrust her ability to oversee 1 trillion $$
I'm a current professor in a public University. We don't need privatization. Students need help with tuition and debt.
Has your campaign received funds from DeVos? If so, you should recuse yourself from this vote. I'm a Georgia voter.
It doesn't matter if your parents were school teachers. Teachers across GA reject DeVos. She's unqualified.
Georgians reject privatization of public schools. This is Ms. DeVos's agenda. You are voting against the wishes of GA.
Don't think #gavoters are going to let you forget this.
Pls vote NO DeVos or I will stop support & will back those who run against you.  Be brave, Senator.  Also, donate her $23k.
Face facts - Georgia public schools are appalling - take whatever federal help you can get!
and you have 23400 reasons to back her even if she isn't qualified. Thanks for profiting off my kids, I hope it's worth it.
Have you not been listening to your constituents? Vote NO! When will you put the interests of country over party?
ha ha very funny. Either you're joking...or you're stupid.
you have GOT to be kidding. She is extremely unqualified. She is ignorant of education law. Vote no!
she has no business taking charge of our children's education.  We need someone who is good for ALL children, not just $$
Are you listening to ANY of your constituents? Or just the ones who say what you want to hear?
this is how you ensure you don't get reelected... SO hope you enjoyed your stay.. cuz it's time to go. #nobetsydevos
so you do what you want? I thought you worked for your constituents and THEIR children...
so the children will suffer depending what state they live in? Get a conscience, vote NO!
VAST majority of Georgians are against this so make sure this is the hill you want to die on.By 2020 we will still remember
Not children with disabilities
Not rape victims
Not students struggling w student loans
 
She is grossly unqualified.
.....and she bribed you. You are nothing less than a criminal
over 500 responses against this post. Do the right thing and vote #NoDeVos tomorrow.
If you support DeVos's confirmation, I look forward to giving my money and my vote to your opponent in 2020.

in 2020 I will be be donating to a candidate that will listen to the voters. Guess that's not you. Vote no to Devos.
shame on you. She is clearly unqualified. We need educators in charge of education. We will remember this at election time.
This is so very disheartening to see. Please reconsider your position. Your constituents beg you! From 30066
As one of your constituents I urge you to reconsider and #StopDeVos -- her ignorance is a threat to American public schools.
Georgia parents do NOT support Betsy DeVos.  She is not an advocate for children.
DeVos didn't even know what IDEA is. You seem comfortable with that. A lot of your constituents aren't.
DeVos is unqualified and unprepared for this job. Giant mistake to confirm. Stand up for what is right. Do not confirm.
#NoDeVos No to selling out our children!!! Just NO! GA voter zip code 30047
I urge you to reject confirmation. She is wrong for America. Her performance at the hearing was laughable. Get a grip man!
oh and of course the $$$ 20,000+ $$$ you got from her  helps you see her in a different light?
How can you say that? The evidences suggest otherwise.
OMG reeeeallyyyy? Well, I didn't know that: http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/the-administration/317975-the-ethics-case-against-betsy-devos …
You're gross.
vote no
Pls consider the input from your constituents. Our children and our schools deserve someone w Edu experience. #No on #DeVos
Betsy DeVos advocates bringing back child labor. Did your dad forget to buy you a conscience when he bought your office?
This is utterly disappointing!! Listen to us in GA and vote NO to DeVos. Remember Amendment 1? We voted NO by a majority.
you vote yes on DeVos and Georgians will surely vote no on you the next chance we get. You only represent yourself.
She doesn't have the knowledge/experience to run Dept of Education. I fear for GA's low-income and special needs students.
why not think of all Ga children, not just rich kids? Improve failing schools or close them! @SenateGOP
are you listening to the people in your district?  she has very little support
DeVos is grossly unqualified. She couldn't answer questions about education. School choice hurts our poorest students.
Betsy DeVos & family donated $23,000 to your campaign. No surprise you are endorsing her. Our CHILDREN deserve better
please consider voting no for Betsy DeVos & help make education bipartisan. Be a voice for ALL of our nation's children.
I ask you to reach out to your public school parents/teachers, listen and be informed (re: DeVos' for-profit charters, MI)
as a NYC public school teacher, I strongly disagree. Public Schools stand to lose much needed federal funding (i.e Title I)
senator, you have no conscience. You back Devos for her contributions to your campaign at the expense of the American people
she is incompetent & you know it #DumpDevos
Real teachers and administrators know she is a tireless advocate for her pocketbook.
That's a $20,000 donation thank you letter.
concerned that you think we have federal standards and states are not in control of their own education.
Listen to your constituents. Pick up the phone and really listen. Our children deserve someone qualified. #NoDeVos
Advocate and experience are not the same thing.   I am an advocate of football but I can't play it!
@betsydevos The effect that she has had on public schools has hurt choice for urban/rural kids.  #unqualified #StopDeVos
Betsy DeVos will protect our children from grizzly bears but NOT ignorance and religious dogma...
Your constituents disagree when it comes to Ms Devos. Please remember you are a representative of the PEOPLE!
did you actually ask your educator parents what they think or are you just trying to inflate your credibility?
because every educator I know thinks DeVos is more or less the worst choice possible.
Then, Senator, I look forward to voting against you. Betsy DeVos is unqualified by education and temperament.
- Education needs leaders with actual education backgrounds - not someone who paid her way in.
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos! She is NOT an advocate for public education. Have some backbone! #votenodevos
I look forward to voting you out of office.  She is corrupt and horrible.  I watched all the hearings. NO to DEVOS!!!
I called your office begging you to reconsider but now I know about your $23400 contribution from her family. #Devos #swamp
MANY of your constituents, conservative/liberal/republican/democrat, do NOT want this woman confirmed. LISTEN TO THEM
you seriously need to reconsider this position and listen to some FACTS and not blindly follow the party lines.
And I am GA voter who will never consider a vote for you. DeVos is UNQUALIFIED. Thanks for helping make America stupid.
I hope your parents had better results on their classrooms.  I can't find a source that shows Mrs. DeVos improved achivement
What happens to the ones who don't get to chose?
You should be ashamed. DeVos plagiarized answers, lied about statistics, and couldn't answer basic questions. #unqualified
. I'm sure the $23,000 she gave you had nothing to do with you voting for her. You just value incompetence and inexperience.
YES, we need good public education, but She has neither the interest nor capabilities to lead it. Vote NO for GA.
Public school teachers and students deserve a SecEd with deep knowledge of ed policy and pedagogy, not a $buddy. #StopDeVos
Betsy DeVos knows nothing about public education.
How much money did she give you? #VoteNoDeVos http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/news/a52357/betsy-devos-hearing/ …
Look deeply at how her system doesn't work well in Detroit and make sure to look @ the federal rates, not her inflated ones @sendavidperdue
She showed that she doesn't understand basic education concepts that a student teacher should know, @sendavidperdue
Education shouldn't be about putting in the GOP high rollers but what's best for kids, @sendavidperdue
This isn't about school choice, @sendavidperdue, as there are people who are pro school choice who are more qualified.
Sorry, @sendavidperdue, that doesn't mean she can do her job. I'm an advocate for victims of crimes, but that doesn't make me a police chief
being an advocate is not enough, you must also be qualified.
You can kiss your re-election goodbye. Donor money will not save you this time. 
You're not listening to the teachers and parents in your state. You're just towing the party line. Shame on you!
Then I look forward to voting against you & donating to your opponent in the next election. Listen to the people. #DumpDevos
Oh please- PLEASE. You know this woman isn't qualified. It's all about money- she is buying this job.
She is not capable of doing the job. Many of us have special ed kids & she knows nothing about this!? Didn't even study.
We should provide school districts with the resources so that all schools are equal. Not every community has #schoolchoice.
Your constituents disagree. When will you hold a Town Hall so you can actually hear what we have to say? #DumpDeVos
You should come to Metro Atlanta and have a town hall this week.
- by voting "yes" you are ignoring your constituents - sealing your fate in the next election. PLEASE LISTEN.
Could it be that she bought your vote for 23k? #DumpDeVos
She is also a big donor who has paid thousands for your support. Sorry, children can't pay as much as her.
Ignorant about IDEA, assessment, and accountability. Our students deserve better.
As a constituent, please prioritize the best interests of GA's children by voting NO to DeVos. I will not forget in 2020.
and your support only cost her a mere $24.3k! A bargain!
you really are good at ignoring all the phone calls and letters you get, huh ?
I hope I can get a degree through rampant plagiarism. Oh wait, that's an offence that could get me kicked out of university
Betsy Devos and not qualified and her family BOUGHT your vote sir.  Lets cut the crap about her qualifications
Both of your parents would be disappointed in you.
If you vote to confirm this woman, @sendavidperdue,  this will be your last term on Capitol Hill. Your loyalty is to us, not the GOP.
Teachers are left wing. See where money goes to support left wing politicians instead of classrooms. Tells you everthing!
Teachers afraid of change? That's the problem- they are afraid of change because of tenure. Can't be fired!! Says everything
if NEA so great - look at our results compared to other countries. change is needed badly! Our children suffer!
no no no. As a child of educators, it's a shame that you've been bought. Vote no. Ppl are watching.
People it's time someone takes on the NEA! You have my vote! corrupt political organization! Supports no firing of bad tchrs
Tireless advocate for what?? Dismantling public schools? #DumpDevos
I'm a retired teacher & I've watched the NEA (political left wing) destroy education! SELFISHLY uses $ for salaries politics
Alsolutely correct.
You have lost the votes & support of thousands of educators in GA.
I am a 17 year veteran teacher in GA. DeVos is NOT qualified. She cares not for the schools & the communities they serve.
for the well-being of your constituents and this nation, please grow a conscience and a spine.
as a former public school teacher and one of your constituents, I ask that you withdraw your support and vote no on DeVos
you've got to be kidding! She's made money from kids with zero accountability. She's in it for the money, not education.
I look forward to working my ass off to get many in Georgia to vote against your re-election.
She is completely unqualified. All she has is deep pockets and a disdain for anyone brown. Separation of church and state!
Your constituents do not agree. They want you to care about all children in Georgia, not just those with wealthy parents.
I'm going to guess that  less than 1% of the thousands of calls you're getting from constituents support your position.
do you think she can implement policy that supports children, teachers, and administrators throughout the US?
the voters will not forget this. Looking forward to releasing U from your civic responsibilities. #sellout #listentovoters
look to chaos DeVos has caused schools in MI?  charters are failing $ siphoned from public school .results children lose.
your constituents demand you vote NO on DeVos.   Listen to your voters!  Shame on you!   #zip30327 #noDevos
thank you for a non political perspective.  Maybe  @SenSchumer can learn from your example
