Single payer is another form of socialist enslavement of the masses. #FullRepeal
BS, Perdue needs to come home and find out what his constituents think about his horrible tenure.  AND his support of the Republican mission
I totally agree

If they Republicans go on summer break I think they're going to pay a heavy price on the election in 2018 and 2020 almost guaranteed
GOP needs to bring us some new candidates because I WILL NOT VOTE FOR A DEM
Yep.These people get to much time off, excellent health and retirement plan without doing much at all. Sick of their two faced lying boot em
Let them go just do not pay for the vacation
yeah that
For once we need to stop tradition and get to work. Last 30yrs prove that doesn't work.
90's were good, made a lot of money! 2007-08 was not so good, lost money, things turned around again in 2013 and money is flowing again
And two percent treasuries will insure those gains to be reversed again.
Inflationary pressures have never really materialized beyond the long needed increase in workers pay. That's been flat for decades
There's too much more work to be done to even think about a recess.
They surely have NOT earned any recess.   Not even I day !
Most of them vacation out of the US on our dime. We need someone to keep track where these people go and why. @TuckerCarlson Maybe you.
@paultdove Real people are in need of insurance. Get it done, then vacation.
Sooooooo true
GOP/DEMS you are on notice! Get your butts to work! America needs leaders that lead not cow to Elites! #WETHEPEOPLE Voting power...FEEL IT!
Lazy lazy Congress-how dare they go on another vacation
Get er done. #MAGA
No Way - I need to get back in shape
@sendavidperdue can't even accept calls from his constituents when he is in DC. He's just looking to avoid us. He doesn't care what we want.
Time to get some work done
Shouldn't politicians go home and see what their constituents are thinking. It will reenergize them don't you think
No no no no! They need to get together and get pressing things done. They don't need to go assling off on a vacation. Enough of that!!!
Republicans control both houses and the Executive branch. It's harder to govern than to just complain all the time. Their actions impact
people's lives. Knocking 22 million people off of their healthcare is probably not the best way to improve healthcare in the US
They're not knocked off, they just can't afford Obamacare. 
I think so too as most Americans think. The average person works hard and rarely have time for "recess. "
Really!!!! What other job gives a month off????
Agreed!
Why do tax payers have to pay for elected officials who never get the job done. Need to work!!!
Yes, nobody leaves DC until we figure out how to screw the rest of the nation like we have GA!
They've hardly worked. They need a break
Why do they need all those state offices, since they're rarely there! They just want a vatation over the holidays to be seen. Few are heard
This isn't France ( yet)
Thanks for sharing!
@IngrahamAngle @sendavidperdue @DailySignal no recess until you do something to help our country. Make America great. No recess
@IngrahamAngle @sendavidperdue @DailySignal no recess. You've done no work but you get paid. There's homeless ppl with no food
Never happen
Yes it's time politicians earn their keep /life is just to good to them
Absolutely, We the People don't get it and thework for us. So,unless youpass everything pending,no august vacation
Good job Senator Purdue for sticking up for Georgia and the nation. We knew you would be one of the hardest working Senators. Thank you!!
They're getting a paycheck and have work to do! They need to do what we elected them for, repeal and replace Obamacare
Totally agree. To much to accomplish (work)!
People earn vacation time when they WORK. Dems trashing @POTUS and RINOs backstabbing his plans, is no WORK...
I'll bet $$$ our Founding Fathers didn't start this month-long "recess" BS.
I would prefer to pull the plug on Senator Perdue's career.
No work, no pay !!
How much are the Kochs and other spec int paying you for this bill? Bc it is clearly NOT in the interest of anyone I know.
Pretty nice to get a whole month off with pay!
I agree completely There would b enough time to get something (ANYTHING) done if they wld spend a little more time wrking for their salaries
And any other breaks these lazy ass pencil pushers take
They don't have to do anything except not doing nothing.
Rome is burning and that's not all right.
Yes your are so right
Senator Perdue, come home for the break.  We Georgians want to talk to you about a couple of things.  How many times do we have to ask?
I would feel safer if Mr. Perdue and his ilk would take the break.  They are doing nothing positive for this country.
I'm sure the dems could work on their tans while sitting on the steps
The rest of America doesn't get a "recess" !?
...wtf is this, the 3rd grade - get to work and do what your paid for !!!
You play-you pay...voters are watching.
There should not even be a question, they need to do the work of the people, rather than just posture to do so.
2/2 health care and enroll umpty million people in 60 days-ish
Hell, they're always in recess! Drain the swamp. Term limits!!!!
Just want Repubs to know 2018 and 2020 are closer than they think, go ahead take your vacations we'll remember!
No matter what comes out on the Healthcare issue it MUST be decided by July-31!! The companies can't be expected to re-program/rollout
Absolutely agree! no other businesses get one month off. They work for the people, and they need to get legislation passed! POTUS will work
Agree the GOP need to think about our agenda and get working gor the American people
They should stay at work all of them!
AGREE
They must work for the nation, or you don't get to vacation.  Earn your right like we all do.
How many of us could take off from work when we have not yet done our job?
Dems have been vacationing all year
I agree
All I here every two weeks is Congress is taking a recess.  Glad they got legislation done for the American people.
Get your work completed
I need a job like that.  Where do I sign up.  Is there a waiting list.  Any qualifications needed.  Will I need to dumb down?
Can you even imagine?
Van Jones @CNN says: Russia is “Nothing burger”– American Pravda: CNN  Part 2 caught speaking truth when off camera
Do you remember, boys and girls, when members went back to their districts in August to reconnect with their constituents?
Awesome graphic
