Please remember these words when you're voting on healthcare.
Voter 30127! Show up in Metro ATL for a townhall! You are always on TV!
Since you know so much about business, get out of government. We are human beings. You are a bean counter. You are incompetent.
You mean President Trumps best interests.
A+ on the condescension though.
Then why did Senators exempt themselves from their own bill? Maybe SELF-INTEREST. Work and improve the ACA.
More MSM. Sir, you are spending more time with the Main Stream Media than your constituents TOWN HALL w/ us#MSM2017 #TOWNHALL
How much money have you received from corporations again? The irony is astounding.
Key word in that quote = #trump
Yes, 22 to 33 million American people need to keep their health insurance. You are a GA senator. You have one job. Represent your state.
I see tax cuts for rich labeled as a health care bill. I would love to see you put aside your self interests and drop your health insurance.
Look in the mirror, Senator!
LMAO

You are the person to know that, with your pockets full of corporation money & looking the other way while POTUS colludes w/ Russia!!
Seriously, Sen Perdue's Social Media intern....is this a cry for help? You even used "TRUMPS" in the tweet. This is crazy hypocrisy.
Practice what you preach big fella! Stand up for your constituents, not self-interests. Fight for America before Trump sells us to Russia!
Right, just as it would be self-interested to sacrifice health care for the poor so wealthy people can get a tax break.
Funny that you used the word "trumps".
Ha Ha, still your own interest, party over country
What a choice of words.
can you defend your defense of 45 when it comes to hiring foreign workers for his businesses when you are opposed to visas?
Doing good, @GOP is like herding cats

And You strongly support self interest!
Working for non-profits that improve communities, I've noticed that personal financial gain can trump sound decisions by politicians.
Are you posting this as evidence for a future insanity plea?
Or we can think like an exponential organization, like the Uber model http://facebook.com/47554936256796 …
The irony of your word choice here is brilliant.
@sendavidperdue -pot or kettle?!?!
Shame #HealthCareVote
Don't you have a job senator? Get off of Faux and #DoYourJob
Interesting that you should say that. I think our POTUS is very self serving. He seems to think everyone works for him and not the people.
If Trump fires Mueller it will be the admission of guilt the @SenateGOP/@HouseGOP can't ignore. I dare you.
If you are working for your constituents,  you need to hold town meetings with them and hear their concerns.  GA before party!!!
Wow, so you noticed this!  Glad you remember you work for the people of Georgia, not the President.  We need health care, not tax cuts.
Is that what you've noticed? I thought it was the campaign contributions
You mean your support for Trumpcare that would take away healthcare from 22 million Americans? #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA
In the business world, of course, self-interest is anathema.
Kinda like you do, right?
Agree 100%, starting with you. You were planning to vote for the healthcare bill that a majority of Georgians oppose.
we finally agree on something! Yes, you and the @GOP & @POTUS  know a lot about self-interest, don't u? #countryoverparty
Funny you should use 'that' word...

Why don't you tell your President this?
lol you literally just supported a bill to give you and your buddies tax cuts at the expense of MILLIONS losing healthcare.
Those selfish people who don't want their healthcare to go away. Too much self-interest!
Did you mention #TermLimits?  Career politicians are the problem.
And how does that thinking align with your stance on climate change?
Oh wait I wouldn't know because your office has not responded to my inquires.
Really?  You think?
You mean like the @POTUS whose agenda you blindly support?
Well, if that isn't the pot calling the kettle black. You supported Trumpcare for your own self interest.
Like your self interests?
Or we can think like an exponential organization, like the Uber model https://www.facebook.com/475549362567960/videos/10214107640670272/ …
Does this mean that you are going to support single payer now since so many studies show it is more affordable and has better outcomes?
Agreed! You and Trump are the best arguments against electing self/interested businesspeople to office.
Right, like yours and your daddy's, Trump
I have also noticed that your self-interest disregards your constituents.  I hope your words will help you reflect
I've noticed you are supposed to represent Georgians' interests but you don't care to know what they are.
Here is the future of #healthcare https://www.wsj.com/articles/cbo-says-obamacare-repeal-would-increase-uninsured-by-32-million-by-2026-1500500403?mod=e2tw …  #NOREPEAL Work with Dems to improve ACA!
Self interest like putting lobbyist money over your constituents' healthcare??
JUST like when you introduced legislation to roll back consumer protections on debit cards to benefit TSYS; one of your major contributors.
Pot, meet kettle.
The self interest of the establishment in D.C. trumps the interest of the people. Example: corporate healthcare of 2010. Repeal & Drain
How much have u earned for ur vote this year????? Americans don't pay for integrity. @SenateDems
No joke... old news.... do something.... don't just talk about it. Loved that you used the word trumps with the word self interest also.
Does that include when Senator Perdue was a lobbyist helping China take manufacturing jobs away from the US
Senator you seem 2 put partisan politics over what is best for our country.Is your self interest staying away from constituents? Shouldn't b
Wait a minute, David. Isn't this the same as "country over party" I've been emailing you the past 6 months? I'm confused.
Citizens want freedom from fedgovt overcontrol.Get fedgovt out of healthcare!REPEAL OBAMACARE DON'T REPLACE! PASS @POTUS budget, lower taxes
Is the national interest shuttering small biz because you've blown up the individual insurance market?
Trump is nothing but self-interest. So is the GOP's continued support of him.
LAWSUIT: CORPORATE PREDATOR Trump doesn't want to pay property taxes while our elderly (on $800 SocSec) pay them.
http://money.cnn.com/2017/07/14/news/companies/donald-trump-jupiter-golf-tax-lawsuit/index ….
How's the Republican "Made in America" Week going? Tax cuts for the TOP 1% has NEVER created jobs....just ASK George W. Millions LOST homes!
oops! I don't believe you just called-out your fellow GOP folks. You ARE putting self-interest before National interest!
So Trump insanity Is contagious. Lordy. 
#TurnOffFoxNews
#VotersDoYourHomework 
#VotersAreWatching 
#VoteOutGOP 
#CountryBeforeParty
I've noticed our representatives (you included) too often put party before the interests of the people who elected them.
You just boiled down the essence of #H1B #OPT Now help your citizens END VISA TREASON. Your office won't tell me your stance on S.1399, why?
So true! Especially of the Republicans.
You are old enough to remember the Cold War, why the hell isn't your hair on FIRE. Putin is ex-KGB. WTH has happened to this country!
Shut up! I can't stand u.
And too many people elected to office never bothered to read the Constitution. Like the difference between Article I & Article II.
You must be referring to @realDonaldTrump
David Perdoodoo.
Funny you should use that word!
