How'd the echo chamber sound tonight? Tinny, weak and xenophobic? You should be ashamed of yourself. Sadly, you have no idea why.
Xenophobic is a made up word to describe anyone who doesn't want criminal aliens entering their communities and raping our children.

Is this a home video of yours? Please don't share your daddy issues with us.
This bill does not represent the values of Georgia.  Please remove your name from this bill.  From a concerned constituent.
Why?
GA as a whole is a welcoming & hospitable state. Refugees & immigrants are a valuable part of our communities. This bill is shuts them out.
Also a very high crime state...2+2 it.
Apparently GA doesn't care about crime. Especially @repjohnlewis.  What have u done lately?
Atlanta is a lovely city.  You should come and visit. I live in the 5th district & I am consistently proud that @repjohnlewis reps me.
I also think @KasimReed has been an outstanding mayor for my city.
The democraps don't like RAISE because if low educated are not free to come then they will never win an another election.
What happens to people who are already stuck in green card backlog for decades? Legal, tax paying law abiding helping economy and community
Not everybody gets to come here, it's not a right, it is a privilege.
Agreed but you cant change game rules in the middle of it. There should be provision to complete games that have started.
This isn't a game, this is our nations integrity we are dealing with. We need to take a hard stand against this invasion.
In any democratic country when law changes a transition process is defined. All I am pointing is, bill text is missing that part.
Usually when a law changes, it changes at midnight with no grace period.
This is A Bill @realDonaldTrump Should go ahead and do an executive order on then after 2018 make it a bill After We drain the Swamp!!!
Thank you Senator Perdue GOP must not be cowards, & on entitlement reform
Looking forward to voting you out of the senate when the time comes. Like others have said, you are on the wrong side of history, senator.
As are you Ms Ashley. We are not in the 19th Century. Times change. Needs change. Immigration law needs to be updated.
Why, so you can be disruptive, yell and scream like big babies?
My ancestors came here, learned the language, worked their assess off, obeyed the laws and assimilated, no welfare!
Try cleaning your ears out & you could understand Malania just fine.
Melania is an American citizen. But keep believing the lies. See where it gets you!
I'm for the RAISE act!
Is it Fox because no other network will kowtow to your intolerant views?
Maybe you're nervous you can't defend your plan to the masses?
Fox is the only network that will give a fair venue for anyone, the other networks are intolerant liberal liars.
America wouldn't even be here without immigrants. This legislation isn't American.
Apparently you have no knowledge of history.
Glad you were not in Senate 100 yrs ago when my great grandparents came to this country - passing Statue of Liberty. Just shameful
No - it's a symbol of what America has stood for since the pilgrims BUT I guess #MAGA doesn't include our heritage- just money
Statue of liberty is not our immigration policy, it's a statue and the words inscribed theron are a poem, not policy.
Wish you were secure enough in your bill to discuss it on a real network and not Trump propaganda TV.
Trump tv is the only place where it will get a fair unedited hearing.
Tom Cotton isn't doing too well with his constituents either. Does Tucker has more than 1 facial expression? I Don't watch that wierdo.   
What #DonaldJTrump is doing with this new immigration bill Is flat out racial profiling people from obtaining permanent residency disgusting
How many points will you give those guys who lay your sod and mow your property?
There are plenty of people who will do that.
Of course you will On Fox News blatantly right biased . How about your constituents?
So should they take it to liberal left networks who never give an honest slant to anything?
Remember this...
Why sponsor a bill you know can never get passed? One that would hurt your own state? Who paid you to sponsor this bill?
Too bad GA will lose big time.   But you only care how you look to Trump....sad for you and GA. We are watching and will be voting.
So how many of these educated immigrants are going to help harvest in the GA fields?
Be sure to ask Fox News about the Seth Rich story while you're there!
This reveals your dangerous level of ignorance! Will you be going out into the fields to pick crops for our farmers! You lost their vote!
Disgusting
You are an embarrassment to Georgia with your brown nosing, xenophobic bill. Can't wait to vote against you.
As a constituent I thank you Sen. Perdue for putting Americans first.
I read down this thread
The UNITED STATES is not a dumping ground for poor Global Countries citizens or Population bomb(s)/HIV AIDS epidemic – at Local Heroes
The USA is at a tipping point far as intertwining low pay lack of skill workers. Robots have taken over millions of hand use jobs.
Are you discussing the RAISE Act on any reputable news sites?  I no longer watch Fox News
Yes further discussion isdesperately needed@realDonaldTrump @softail17 @RealAlexJones @SenTomCotton and true DebateI Believe @WhiteHouse
I guess you are willing to work the fields in SGA when the crops are ready for harvest. Didnt think so.  Allow learning english while here.
Limiting immigration has hurt GA agriculture in the past - your proposed HC bills also hurts your constituents. Obv u only work 4 Kochs. Sad
If farmers paid a decent wage for those jobs they'd have plenty of workers.
Definitely voting against you next election!!
This is such a common sense proposal it guarantees no America hating  progressive will support it.
Thank you, @sendavidperdue & @SenTomCotton for this RAISE bill!
English was and still is necessary for citizenship and assimilation.
Thank you for addressing immigration reform.
Folks: "Americans first", not true now: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8t3H4nrtnc&feature=youtu.be ….  How can an  American senior professor and wife be mistreated like this?
How many points would your ancestors have gotten under your bill?
Didn't the peaches rot in GA when there was limits on immigration in GA? Isn't this the same thing?  Good thing peaches are grown in UT!
It cost GA $2 billion and brought shame to the state. Would be even worse on the national level, of course.
Will you be explaining the reason we don't have room for refugees, workers, and families is because of all the green cards Kushner sold?
Take my city off of your twitter header please
Delta is bad
Wat
I'm a constituent and I don't support this bill.
I'm a constituent and a business owner & I support this bill!
Many of your Rep. colleagues have already said your bill is dead. Amazing that you chose this to put your name on! Sad.
Why is it sad to put Americans 1st?
You are a disappointment!   Yes you will be voted out
WHO DO YOU THINK WILL DO AGRICULTURAL WORK???? YES, IN GEORGIA !!!!
When do you plan to hold a town hall?  You work for the people of the great state of Georgia, not yourself!
So, all 43 people in Georgia who despise you troll your twitter feed, @sendavidperdue. The bill is good for America... #MAGA
Takes a special Georgia boy to propose this great plan! We're proud of you Senator David.
I'd rather watch paint dry.
Instead, have a town hall in Tucker, GA.
No.



Any Townhall’s this year, David?
Georgia will vote you out.
Nope!
https://twitter.com/Merkaba_84/status/892906014521126913 … @TomFitton is an American hero, and a model citizen. I sleep better knowing he is on the job! #MAGA
Good job. I worked hard on getting U elected.Was starting to worry. Next task: fire Mueller. This is now costing us millions & he hires DEMS

You were articulate & spot on Senators, glad y'all were on @TuckerCarlson to clarify Bill @POTUS strongly supports, as do we #MAGA @VP
Watching
The Racist Act you mean. You are a poor excuse for a man. Can't wait to vote you out.
Nothing racist about it.
Says the "southern heritage". Doesn't even know what we're talking about.
I'm discussing the RACIST Act with @SenTomCotton & @TuckerCarlson on Fox News shortly. Tune in! #gapol
Senator Perdouche never takes a call from his constituents —his voicemail is always full.
He definitely has to go.
Why aren't you calling this the Purdue Cotton act? Too embarrassed to have your name on it?
More like Racist Act
Sure buddy...and your argument is stellar. Winning hearts and minds - great work!
While barely an argument, as you've only stated your opinion that is not supported by any evidence whatsoever - How does this plan solve
I am embarrassed that you are my Senator. My 25 & 28 year old now live in CA. No future for innovative smart young people in GA.
Just a heads up. Sen. Perdue is trying to save jobs for Americans!
I'm one constituent who thinks this is a horrible idea.
Enjoy your time in the echo chamber, your constituents are ashamed of you.
No we're not!
FOX?! Might want to expand your horizons! 

Do you guys ever get tired of being backwards rednecks?
Do you guys ever get tired of hating on America?
Yet another reason for me to vote against you,  and to work for your defeat.
You sir, are a pandering brown noser.
Who's the brown noser?
You may as well call this the RACE act . Tell me how did your family come to be in America?
I am deeply saddened that a senator from Georgia embraces the worst of America and not its best. You are on the wrong side of history, sir.
Honestly, it just reinforces all of my prejudices about Georgia.
NEVER trust ANYONE that "labels" an immigration policy - a RAISE Act. #GOPScam CORPORATE PREDATORS are RESPONSIBLE for low wages NOT workers
#GOPBlameGame Republicans in several states are lowering the minimum wage — yes, you read that right!
Fox News the very news network being sued for deflecting on Russia investigation . Good choice
Putin trump favorite
I'm watching! Look forward to seeing you in September
No he's not!
How about covering #AwanBrothers?
No, thanks; you're the worst.
You will be voted out sir...
nah.
no
You'll discuss it with Tucker Carlson, but not with your constituents? Bang up job, Senator.
He prefers to ignore us peons. We will show up to vote him out tho.
He is doing what we have been asking him to do for Georgia. Are you even registered/old enough to vote?
@realDonaldTrump Waste of time! Democrats won't support & GOP RHINO's will vote against it. Why bother? 
Autocratic Distraction:  "Who do my supporters hate? Who can I get them to hate? How can I make the hated targets angry so they lash out?"

White-nationalism at its best!
Why don't you talk to your constituents instead because your staffers can't answer our questions. You report to us.
You are a vial beast! Only person worse is Tucker
Vile*
