Russia China know in Iran’s House Pyongyang is their Elephant in the Room! High Priest’s Invisible Hand of God Nukes & ICBM we all know!
You trying for a cabinet position? They open up regularly!

Why don't you get your head out of trump's ass & listening to your constituents pleading with you to represent them.  #FlipGASenate
#GOPFAILINGAMERICA
Impeach Trump. Then go eat a booger.
Iran is an enemy of the US and our allies.  Who (Obama) in their right mind would send Iran cash, in advance no less, for a "nuclear deal".
Too much kissing Trumps rear end!  No President Trump is not correct.  Tak to his advisors
May your days be short. May your constituents remove you from Office. You are dangerous!
Every day with the unflinching, lobotimized support of idiot POTUS. You should be doing better than this, Senator.
You are a fool and @potus puts us all in increasing danger every day. You do not represent us! #trumppuppet
Truth is sometimes hard to hear and handle.
Have you read the deal? General Mattison feels differently...hmm who to believe?A Paris an hack who puts party over God & country or hero?
It would be nice if actually looked out for the interests of your constituents instead of your own selfish greed.
Pull out of the Iran deal completely
You are a joke!
Yes, keep slathering yourself in multiple coatings of TrumpStank. So all Georgians can be sure what you are.
You are a danger to the State of Georgia!
You are foolish to engage with this President. He's a fool and you are known by the company you keep.
You are exactly right. The resistance of iran NCRI should be recognized from United States. They are only solution to Iran’s problem
Such a liar
Oh, and since Iran was certified by ALL countries as being compliant with no nukes, you're also a liar. Get that from potus,  did you?
And Factcheck says he's lying!!!  So that means you are too!
Good morning, you toady.
What will it take for you to hear your constituents and stop following Trump? You guys aren't even Republicans anymore, just devils.
I'm on your twitter to beg for #PuertoRico but after reading this I see there's no hope that you may get a come to Jesus & be a hero-none
You are an embarrassment.
Totally and unequivocally false; furthermore this is alienating us further from our European allies. Something your party excels at.
You are totally WRONG on this!
Once we walk away from this deal, Iran will develop nukes faster than you can sell your vote to big donors.
Haha that is fast.
You are wrong and the stench of Trump will have Georgia voters vote you out!
Absolutely agree! Dems conveniently have forgotten Iranian 1979 Hostage of Americans, 1983 Marine Barracks bombing, & 2016 Sailor capture!
Not true but... How do you feel about @realDonaldTrump plan for #NorthKorea Phase 1: #LittleRocketMan Phase 2: ??? Phase 3 #FireAndFury
Wow you’re getting really good at kissing trumps big ass.
Fake news. Incorrect. Stop drinking the koolade
There track record is nothing but, DEVISTATION
I will be so happy when both of you are no longer in Office, we are not safe. The two of you are showing your hatred of @Potus44, how 
Is there anything that @realDonaldTrump could do that you wouldn’t support? It’s clear that you care more about him than Georgians.
Sorry Sir, I think the World Trade   Centers, was evident of there hate for GOOD & RIGHTIOUS  of the World. EVIL ABOUNDS closer than we want
Basically, you and @realDonaldTrump have just thrown away any possibility of negotiating an agreement w/ N. Korea. SMH.
Sorry to say David, you are just as dumb as Trump. How the hell can any country have any credibility when they simply default their treaties
WE SEE YOU
Nope. Trump is a moron. I hope you’re not following his lead.
It's clear that @sendavidperdue is not capable of independent thought. He's just  a sycophantic parrot of @realDonaldTrump. #resist
You need to stop validating this sick man. He is going to destroy this country. Do you not even care?
Ohh look. Who's a good little lap 
Our reckless realty TV president is creating a crisis that will destabilize the entire region. We Georgians won't forget your support.
Rest of the countries that signed onto it may take issue.He's punted it back to Congress who couldn't organize the color of shite.
All of his retired Gen’s working for 45 disagree. Treaty is working, 45 wants war
Your blind loyalty will be remembered...forever.
Why is this in quotes, is he quoting himself?
Do you actually have any idea what you’re talking about? Trumps military advisors think this is a bad idea so you know more?  Nope.
Where's his proof that they're in violation?IAEA say they are in full compliance. @POTUS is a dangerous psychopath.He needs to be impeached.
Isn't the deal specific to Iran not being able to build a nuclear bomb? Why would countries deal w/ us when we're so scattered?
lol No.
I can't wait to vote you out
So you disagree with General Mattis?
The IAE says you're a liar, and frankly, they've got a lot more credibility.
Do you work for Georgians or potus?
He could literally do a #2 on your desk and you would praise it. What about us your constituents?
You haven't disagreed with the dotard Trump on any issue, You are the proverbial RUBBER STAMP.  Just text word ditto from now on! Very sad!
" and we know for certain that one happy day, someone (trump) will set the spark off and we will be blown away."
From Kingston Trio song ...
Shut Up ! I hope you go down with the rest of them... QUICKLY you criminal!
I totally agree with this tweet...
You are a constant disappointment to the state of Georgia!!!
Wrong again! This only isolates us from our allies and adds nothing of value to the security of Americans. #goingitalone is a bad strategy.
So wrong. About everything.
Maybe Trump's insanity is contagious? You seem to be afflicted with the same cockamamie notions Senator. Seek help, please!
You are complicit in any deaths if this leads to a war or proxy war with Iran. Are you simply stupid or are you willfully malicious in this?
You've gone past the edge of reason supporting this fool.
Will it take a mushroom cloud for you to regret this support?
#shameonyou
At the risk of repeating myself: This is deeply false and you know it. Shame on you and your GOP colleagues for engaging in these political games. Anything to stick it to Obama, it’s petty and pathetic.
Once again, you are nothing but an empty suit and a mere parrot.
No, he isn't. This is a poor decision that further harms our role on the world stage & likely allows Iran to accelerate and/or trigger a war
Are these the experts you want our president listening to?
You can tell Trump is super serious about the Iran accord. Just look at the nuclear weapons experts he's consulting. https://www.thedailybeast.com/mcmaster-wants-to-save-the-iran-deal-by-hiding-it-from-trump … 
This #AmericaFirst bullshit is making us #americaalone . No one is going to trust us! International trust takes decades to build!
Here you go again...Perdue continues to show his constituents that he has no business representing them
You're obtuse
you, sir, are an idiot




Where's the info on your attendance at the Koch retreat? @UGADemocrats @georgiayds @TechDemocrats  @GSUYoungDems @KSU_Dems @IndivisibleGA5
@IndivisibleGA06 @IndivisibleGA11 @ACLUofGA @NAACPGA @UGANAACP @NAACPAtlanta @NAACP_GSU @NAACPeagles
@ajc @GwinnettDaily @AUG_Chronicle @telegraphga @13wmaznews @SavannahNow @MarkRiceLE @onlineathens @mdjonline
Keep your opinions to yourself about Obama. He's in a whole different class.
Iran was already on that road to a nuke and traveling fast. The deal significantly slowed them down. Short of war, that's effective.
And what have your leadership skills been up to lately?Are you rallying Senators to back healthcare?Tax reform?Working w Dems? What exactly?
You're pure Trump propaganda and nothing else. Not your own man. You bring dishonnor to Georgia
The country we didn’t have a deal with has nukes, the one we have a deal with doesn’t.

This isn’t that hard to figure out.
Why did the Senate, controlled by the Republicans allow the Iran deal to go into place? Because Corker & ldrship sold us out.
u have welded yourself to @realDonaldTrump .  The same person who is draft dodger, grabs women in pu$$y & does not like POWs. That is also u
Hold a town hall & answer your constituents. Trump's disapprovals in GA keep going up, so maybe rethink your positions.
Tillerson and Mattis disagree with you, to name a few. Do you really think Trump knows better than Mattis on this?
This is not what the people of Georgia want and it is not leadership. It is destructive cowardly behavior. Yours and his.
You really will support any of the president's lunacy, won't you? Can't wait to vote against you.
Sometimes I think you curs are just trying to line your pockets while making a mess too big for us to clean up once the @GOP implodes.
Explain why @CatoInstitute and @NTI_WMD disagree with you and what you know that they do not, please.
Hahahahaha read it again,  he just passed the buck, he's talked himself into a corner and you're in the same corner. Are you ignorant too?
Your intellect is impressive. What an incredibly informed, well-thought-out observation.
Impeach TRUMP!
I'm with you on that. We will vote you out. Voter suppression be damned!!
Dangerous? The only clear and present danger is trump and your doing nothing about it bc he has a fucking R next to his name , like a cult !


Are you really itching to go to war?  It appears that you and POTUS want to unilaterally bully the rest of the world into submission.
I called your office to tell them I oppose the de-certification. This is more of Trump throwing a public temper tantrum about Obama.
Yet you support the orange one! Our heath care is being  Sabotage and you're doing nothing to help Your constituents

There you go applauding again, you must applaud with both of your butt cheeks together. You all are looking for war !!
What msg does that give to other countries that have deals? What does that say about us. I think you guys are searching for any type of win
I don't even know why we bother to reply to this public servant. He's not listening & doesn't care about us.
Sometimes it makes me feel better, like therapy. Other times, I still want to rage and cry, but it feels like I'm doing "something."

He's not engaging the rest of the world. All he's done so far is negatively impact our ability to act unilaterally with our allies.
He has undermined all of the trust the rest of the world once held for our country. A trust that has taken decades to cultivate.
Your continued support of Putin's useful idiot begs the question... Where do your loyalties lie, with The USA or with @PutinRF and Russia?
He signed! He's just saying otherwise.
This sends a message to the world that the USA cannot be trusted to live up to commitments.
Is there anything he could do that would cause you to wake up?  #voteoutPerdue2020
Continue to blindly follow a Rogue President who repeatedly demonstrates he lacks core competencies to serve!Spineless @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
As a citizen of the state of GA (which you claim to represent, but dont) I demand you draw up articles of impeachment against Donald J Trump
Seconded! 
OH shut up! Obama is gone so now we can talk about the mess Trump is making of our Country! He has not made any good or better deals!
Without deal, Iran wouldn't have a road map to a nuclear weapon, they would be speeding down the freeway toward one
We get it you love Trump
Puppet. How shameful.
“N*****’s uppity book larnin’ gave Trump-Tower-less dictatorship an opportunity to change its behavior without paying our caporegime.” Yeah.
??? Have you actually spoken to any EXPERTS on the issue or do you just listen to Hannity? Educate yourself for fucks sake.
You've got an actual imbecile dictating foreign policy and you're aiding and abetting for political purposes. #shameful #kakistocracy
