Yes please , my son is 20 years old with a brain tumor, Obamacare is so bad I can’t even get his MRI approved.. please get government out .
How? Please explain your lie.
You all need to let Americans get the health care plans you have since the ACA is so horrible by your Republican standards.
You realize that the average increase without funding will jump from 31% to 54%. How is that better healthcare for those affected?!?!
Your a chump !
Republicans own this disaster.CBO reports this will cost taxpayers & the middle class billions.Looking forward to saying goodbye 2u in 2018
Why do you 1) support a decision that could lead to millions losing their insurance? 2) support a decision that increases the deficit?
This is disgusting.
Courage??? remember, he likes war heroes that don't get captured! HUUGGE DEFICIT OF CHARACTER & COURAGE IN GOP. Trump's GOP's Frankenstein
Come tell this to our faces and hold a proper town hall http://www.rethompsontravel.net/david.htm 
All you're missing is a pic of you kissing his ring
I love how you say it needs a full repeal when you have a healthcare plan that is fully paid for by taxpayers!! You are a hypocrite #THIEF
So who's on his knees to the insurance co.s? Start representing us instead of corporations. Stop lying!! It's Not working for you either!
This is why I vote against you.
Senator Perdue, you shouldn't brag about being wrong. 2018, hurry!!!
#2018 #resist https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10156183285616756&id=10643211755 …
Why would you want to repeal something that the majority of your constituents support? This is NOT a GOP vs Dems issue. Just fix it!
Will I still be able to get birth control? Will my preexisting conditions be covered? Will my less fortunate neighbors b able to afford ins?
Hey Rural GA wake up! No healthcare or hospitals, Our @sendavidperdue wants your vote! Voter 30127
You voted in that hippocrit wearing a blue jean jacket in a field in South Georgia.  Now live with it fools. PS he lives on sea island
It will devastate families like mine with pre-existing conditions. People will go bankrupt and people will die when they can't access care.
Sadly you are right I pray for you. . Now vote them out of office
Above is BS for MANY reasons! Does this mean that you are not going to be a reasonable lawmaker like Isakson & support Alexander/ Murray?
I fail to see how removing support from those who need it to obtain insurance can be considered an improvement.  Bad move!

The CBO estimates a million Americans won’t have coverage next year bc of end to subsidies. 

https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/reports/53009-costsharingreductions.pdf … (via @sarahkliff) https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/919162619889704961 …
I still don't understand why you think he's so great. This insurance plan will kill a lot of people, especially the poor & elderly.
You are delusional. So out of touch with the middle class. Try having some open town hall meetings instead of chamber of commerce minions
Will you be there to explain to the 7 mil Trump took insurance away from at mdnight? Trump never admits fault. It's now your fault. Congrats
Just shut up! You're a liar! How will repeal make insurance more affordable?!Tell your constituents EXACTLY HOW?!
Competition. Private market. My premiums went up 80% w/ stupid ACA. And i only have one option thru my employee. Thanks Obama.
I'm not eligible for Obamacare but #repeal&replace is not the answer. #Fix&moveforward makes more sense. #GOP doesn't have any good ideas.
I agree they dont. GOP wont fix,Dems want to keep ACA. So we r screwed either way. Need a strait repeal, NO replace. Gmvnt needs 2 stay out
Government shouldn’t be involved in all healthcare.
You give idiots a bad name.
Trump has proven once again he has no compassion and no sense-you have proven you don't care about the people of Georgia. Find some courage.
Call a senate committee to summon all the insurance  hospital  and drug companiy heads to testify and justify their obscene charges!
Nope. You don’t remove the safety net to mend it. The trapeze artists are still swinging. Repair the net in place.
LIER LIER LIER LIER LIER LIER LIER!!!!!
You know damn well this is a BAD DEAL for Americans!!!  -  Your days on the hill are numbered!!
No.  What's done will only make things immensely worse.  You don't care about effects on Georgians.  Trump only wants his ego stroked.
What relief could this possibly bring to anyone? You are awful
Mr. Perdue - Repealing the ACA will leave millions without insurance, cost lives, and billions to cover indigent patients.  Not a good idea.
Specifically, it will relieve them of having healthcare. You've got a funny definition of "relief" and a funny definition of @POTUS.
Disgraceful and blatantly false.
Courage? It’s now courageous to crater the healthcare market and cause millions of Americans to lose their coverage? U sir are contemptible
Bold action? Aren’t u the same one who said Obama’s EO’s were unconstitutional and lawless? Political hack and contemptible.
Can someone please explain why Obama was referred to a “lawless” and acting unconsitutionally for his EO’s , but Trump’s are just fine?
Yes
You and POTUS keep tearing down established precedents; do you have any idea or vision for what to build?  Tearing down is not leading.
You need to be fully repealed. Keep being Trump’s flunky and sidekick Sen Perdue and you won’t see another term in office.  #voteoutperdue
And rate increases will make it unaffordable for millions more.
And then they will have no insurance and die? If you can't afford insurance, you sure as hell can't afford a trip to the hospital!
Trump's Latest Obamacare Killer Will Cost Uncle Sam $194 Billion - Bloomberg
Is it fun being there, making all that money only representing the few...the rural Georgians without a clue.
You are really only a senator for a few. I have more respect for isakson but, like Price, you're really only there for the illiterates here
Gotta get rid of you as well.
Read the comments David. Your views are not aligning with those of your constituents. Adjust or you will be replaced.
Errata: "who can't afford" -> "of their"

Corrected tweet:
"@POTUS' action will relieve millions of Americans OF THEIR health insurance."
So now insurance companies can sell unsuspecting Georgians inferior and inadequate policies. Great. Thanks for looking out for us.  NOT.
SHAME ON YOU. This could make healthcare simply unaffordable for my family and neighbors. How can you abandon Georgians in need like this??
He's in bed with big Pharma and cares not for you me or anyone that needs help. He's a lot like Trump.
Relieve millions of Americans by increasing their premiums, limiting access & coverage... How does that work? Give on up sabotoge & repeal.
worse people off healthcare by millions, and increase costs for me. You are no longer the Republican Party , you are the Death Party! Shame!
Lie! What was doe today signals an end to American democracy. ACA repeal was defeated 3 times by the American people. Dictatorial edicts wil
By the way, please hire more staff so that constituents can call and speak with a human being, not voicemail.
I've called that vm many times. He pockets any extra revenue. Lets vote this one out. He's useless!!!
I did manage to speak with his staff earlier this week, but it must have been a fluke. He's awful. I can't stand a sycophant.
You owe it to your constituents to not support a sabotage of the existing health care plans. Get to work and fund the CSR's. DO THE RIGHT THING FOR US.
Just read your responses David. Hope your offce tells you how your constituents reacted.  Don't know if even the NRA can get you reelected.
I hope that means removing Congress and staff subsidies also.
Sir.  Do u know if the $750 fine is removed if u dont have health care
And stop calling it Obamacare. Demeans serious issue. Take the toxic politics out of it.
Is neglect of the very highest order.
THE HOUSE & SENATE WOULD KICK THIS CAN DOWN THE ROAD: All the time saying their working for their voters! Repeal and replace should be easy!
Not fiscally conservative. per CBO: Trump ending subsidies inc premiums 20% by 2018 and 25% by 2020. Deficit up $6b by 2018 and $21b by 2020
You are deliberately hurting people and you should be ashamed.
This law isn't collapsing -- it is being sabotaged.  It needs improvement, not destruction.  Shame on you!  We will remember!!  
@sendavidperdue you have a warped definition of courage. Courage is making sure that someone, anyone, who is ill has health insurance that will allow them access to the kind of healthcare you enjoy. #gapol
FULLY REPEAL GOP WASTING $$$ on taxpayer funded travel to GOP fundraisers. Patriotic GOP BOOS John McCain, God Bless him
I love you. Yes....get that word out. We have a tweeting POTUS. I'm learning to tweet to go up to bat!
POTUS' CABINET'S private travel cost taxpayer MILLIONS, where is GOP outrage about this WASTE of Taxpayer money???????????
They're a bunch of hypocrites who call themselves things like
Christian
Pro life
And
Conservative
Their record shows otherwise
IF American's who are self-employed struggling do not deserve help with healthcare, END taxpayer subsidized healthcare Congress receives
You are pandering. You will be judged by how you represent ALL of GA. Every one of us.  You harm us all w your snake-oil sales pitch #truth
I think you meant will create millions of Americans who can't afford health insurance.
How do you sleep at night?
Stop being such a bootlicker and start thinking about what is best for the people of Georgia. This won't stand. You know better than that.
And under Trumpcare those of us with preexisting conditions will be SLOWLY  priced out. Just so you later can't be held responsible!
We Georgians will remember your enthusiastic support of this act when you are up for reelection.
Where’s the “replaced” part. You’re showing your hand.  President is unstable, isolated and on the brink of disaster.
You need to go, you are lying to your constituents.
Subsidies were illegal, costs not appropriated for as mandated by the Constitution. So where did $ come from then? Research #fanniegate Sick
It sounds like he'll be looking at Visa Abuses soon or next.  We need the RAISE act  codified into law, but I know this Congress wont do it.
If we can't repeal it all at once, just chop it down...
Your fellow Senators have shown the Senate as broken for now. They did nothing with HC. Now pass Tax Reform.
There’s no relief in gutting insurance plans for the poorest of us. Repealing a law without WORKING to create a new one first is immoral.

As citizen of the state of GA I demand you draw up articles of impeachment against Donald J Trump who is #UnfitToBePresident .
I agree in spirit, but Articles of Impeachment originate in the House. Senate acts as jury.
It's failing because POTUS and you spineless s.o.b's in Congress are allowing it to collapse.  Grow a pair, compromise w/Dems, do your job.
There is no reason to repeal the ACA other than the political one. Please start listening to your constituents
How can you lie so much? Premiums will increase...no subsidies to help lower income people. Cheap junk policies do not cover anything.
You are misinformed.  With this move Americans will get coverage that doesn't provide the robust benefits the ACA exchanges have.
No, no, no. You are destroying us. @POTUS we need to be able to go to the doctor. All of us.
Bullshit David. And shame on you.
All these ppl on this tweeter feed are so unknowledgeable on how insurance works, no wonder they were so easily fooled by OB, sad
I hope we can turn Ga purple and get your kind out Mr Big Pharma
No! It will increase costs -low inc families. He cares as much for them as for people of Puerto Rico. This GA constituent NOT happy w you!!!
Pretty sure you meant "relieve millions of Americans of their health insurance". You guys are pathetic.
You are responsible for your incompetence, and malfeasance being perpetrated against Americans by your moronic friend!
When are YOU & Johnny Isakson going to demand that our moronic leader stop dividing the USA. And begin acting normal ?
Why are you all using taxpayer money for nurses and doctors to have spa days on the USS Comfort and only treat 8 US citizens?
Bullshit. Universal healthcare is the only answer. I desire deserve healthcare as much as you do.
Too bad the @GOP Senate can't get anything meaningful done.  #DrainTheSwamp in 2018
No.
Once again, Perdue on the wrong side of history. #voteoutPerdue2020
Fixed? Yes. Repealed? No. Unless u have personal problem with Obama? Then of course that should take precedence over the health of a nation!
If previous CBO reports are a guide, this EO will relieve millions of Americans from having any health insurance at all.
I call bullshit.
Yo intern. You ever reply back to anyone?
No, and they rarely answer when you call his office.
If you get voted out,  Are you satisfied?
What we need is for you to give up your gold plated government health care FIRST
Trump Order Could Destabilize Health Insurance Markets, Hurt Those With Pre-Existing Conditions http://cbpp.org/blog/trump-ord …
Yea ok
Stop it already! Listen to your constituents!
Great move by POTUS! Now let's get the Senate behind Tax Reform, Stopping the Filibuster Rule, Complete Immigration Reform & Infrastructure!
I don.t think it should be  repealed, only tweeked but it's about time.  He needs to keep his mouth shut and his tweeter n his pocket.
You clearly know nothing about health insurance. This will make health covg completely unaffordable 4 those who need it most.
How delusional are you? Willing to put your abstract ideals before people's immediate healthcare needs.
You are supporting an executive order that will hurt the majority of your constituents? And you're PROUD of this? We'll remember, Mr. Perdue
RESIGN
I cannot wait to vote against you and work tirelessly to see you defeated.
@sendavidperdue & @realDonaldTrump How does offering a watered down policy that  does not cover basic healthcare help anyone?
And other malcontents that knew what they were voting for. See if you're still wearing those shut eating grins posing as you kiss his rear.
It will not relieve anything, only make it worse.
I would hold the applause until we see if any decent options available Jan 1 besides Ambetter which is terrible. Taxpaying Republican.
Still false. No matter how much you say it it is still not true that #Obamacare needs repealing. This action hurts so many people
When is Congress going to get it together? Congress should have not let it get this far, padt and present Congress.
It seems EOs were despised by you when President Obama signed them. We need to get rid of you who had assisted in destruction of America.
Full repeal, gov has no business in insurance or healthcare sector.  To all the trolls, gov is not the solution to ur health issues!

And you guys can't get it done so Dear Leader does it by fiat. Nice going, Senator. We've got ourselves a dictator
Fighting Georgians with pre-existing conditions and working to make health insurance unaffordable for most. 
So much winning!
This constituent vehemently disagrees.  This is another step in the wrong direction.
Basically by making insurance cover absolutely nothing?  Great "plan".  Even your base voters are t this stupid.
Do you and your family still get ACA coverage while the rest of us suffer?
This is flatly untrue. It preys on the sickest of us.
I’m reminded why I didn’t vote for you. You are so clueless.
And again you embarrass us as Georgians. Nobody who actually cares about healthcare thinks this is a good idea. Keep kissing that trump ass
Every time GOP uses term ‘Obamacare,’ it gets stronger cuz you ain’t got nothing better.  TrumpScare.
I'm sure your grandchildren will want to know how you responded when an amoral grifter took over the Presidency with Russia's help.
No. Only Medicare for all will allow all Americans access to healthcare. How long shall we remain a 2nd- tier nation on healthcare?
Purduebot speaks.
You're turning quality health insurance that covers pre-exst and meds and maternity into one big high risk pool. Premiums will skyrocket.
My premiums already skyrocketed. Under ACA. Obamacare only helped those too damn lazy to work and buy insurance.
Bold action doesn't mean it's the right action, sunshine. Citizens left right front and center declare medical bankruptcy because of your BOLD ACTIONS on behalf of our privatized healthcare system. #singlepayer options, subsidized options - provide something you heartless jokes.
Stop protecting insurance companies and CEOs and actually make insurance affordable. Ridiculous that CEO make big $$ while poor die.
No it does not help people. Instead it hurts.
By creating a loophole for groups & individuals to buy skimpier health plans, this EO will gut key consumer protections (e.g., those for pre-existing conditions & lifetime caps), destabilize the marketplace, cause premiums to skyrocket, and ultimately reduce access to healthcare
Though all of us will pay the price, sicker consumers, older adults, and working families will be hit hardest. I see you have much to support here.
For real?!? Aren't you the same person who said Obama was abusing his power. This is insane #Hypocrite
SAVE THE DATE: Tuesday, Nov 3, 2020. REPEAL & REPLACE: David Perdue #chickenman
Even more efficient at killing Americans than mass shootings. #shameonyou
Are you kidding? Look at the facts and listen to the industry. This is going to make the healthcare market more unstable and drive up costs for everyone. Can't wait to vote for your opponent in 2020.

You and the #FakePresident are neck&neck in The Liar of the Year contest & are both, frankly, gutless wonders. #25thAmendmentNow
False. Those policies do not cover most of people's needs. The American people know the truth. You can fool some but not all of us
You're just shifting cost on to those who can least afford it. YOU could fix this, if you had a spine or a heart. #MedicareForAll

Statements like this demonstrate that you care more about partisan rhetoric than the interests of your constituents and Americans. Sad.
Interesting how an Executive Order was inappropriate for popular DACA but admirable when used for unpopular healthcare changes.
I was thinking the exact same thing
Can find time to praise him for this, but not condemn attacks on 1A...gotcha. Thanks for reinforcing what Georgians already knew...worthless
Sad the Senate cannot get its act together.  This should have been done months ago.  Meanwhile Senate is still just wasting taxpayer money.
How!
Sabotage pure and simple
How do you live with yourself? You know people will not be able to afford insurance because of this. My fam will be uninsured bc of YOU.
This EO is a very direct threat to my insurance and you know it! Without the mandate the prices will skyrocket! You will be REPLACED loser!
Oh lookie - proof that you don't care about Georgians! How do you look at your grandchildren, knowing you are destroying their future?
What is the impact to us Georgians? Doesn’t make sense repacking crap with worse crap...
Stop babbling. We don't believe a word you say. YOU LIE!
In bed with the insurance company and Donald “let the rich get richer” Trump, eh?  Shame on you.
Bullshit on both. You don't give a damn about Georgians. You are reallocating money up to the rich and corporations. Same trickle down BS.
No it does not! Fix it bi partisan!
Why is it that every single one of your policies are designed to harm and hurt human beings??? Can you please explain that? #GOP
No preventive medicine like checkups, or diagnostic tests mammograms, pap smears, prostate exams, colonoscopy...
#TrumpcareisaSham
If you can explain how this will benefit Georgians WITHOUT dragging the ACA I will donate to your re-election campaign
This will work fine for the healthy, but you've doomed sick Americans. I vote to repeal healthcare for members of Congress.
Have you read the policies?
You need thousands out of pocket deductibles, coverage is limited.
No pre-exist, no maternity, barely any mental
ACA needs to be fixed.  Senators need to help all citizens be able to afford care. We need compassion and expertise to fix what is broken.
As If you really cared - NOT
You're full of turds, as always, Senator.  This allows cheap, crappy plans which will raise premiums for those w/pre-existing conditions.
You let CHIP, for God's sake, expire!  Don't even dare pretend you care about your constituents or other Americans.
& you commend a hate-spewing, blathering orange dotard as if he's not proven time & time again that he lacks all human decency & ethics.
So DONE with you & every @GOP member in Georgia.  You're donzo in the next election cycles.  Bye now!
Forgot one thing--bless your black, hypocritical, rights-restricting (except for guns, natch), misogynistic lying heart.
Two words: 

BULL.

POOPY!
You really believe that? Pres actions make things worse for ALL. He is purposely sabotaging #ACA, and GOP will own the disaster. Good luck!
@GOP
#depravedIndiffencetohumanlife #depravedindifference #crimesagaisnthumanity #killingamerjcans #treason #impeachtrump #25thAmendmentNow
