It's time to act now on a tax code that will benefit American workers & help us start solving our $20T debt crisis.
Thank you for your efforts! Control Trump's worst impulses. Let military help PR. Fix Taxes with real solution not another health care vote.
We've lost our competitive edge because of our President and gutless lackeys in Congress
by "WE" you mean Trump's family, & 1%, who'll most benefit frm "massive tax cuts". DEMAND TRUMP TAX returns!  Then we'll listen #Profiteer
FairTax taxes everyone the same.  The wealthy create jobs. Everyone should want to succeed.
Please let's get this done, ASAP!
how will u pay for Tax cuts?? u supposed to be conservative? @ajc @SenatorIsakson  also treatment of PR is @realDonaldTrump katrina

Rich Americans know they don't need a tax cut. They also know trickle-down economics is nonsense. Listen to @TomSteyer: 
Blah blah. Here we go again. Lies and misrepresentations.
You sir, sound like a parrot for the Republican Party.
Not true. Our failure to educate & retrain our citizens is our competitive failure. Meet with your constituents!
We need to vote you out!!!
Think electing a buffoon for POTUS might have something to do with it? Exiting the Paris agreement?
David, virtually everyone in the world views climate chg as a threat except for Republicans in USA. Perhaps thats playing a role?
Sounds great, except the proposed #GOP tax reform doesn't do that
Huh? This tax plan INCREASES the deficit! How can you say/tweet these things with a clear conscience?!
Because it means more $$$ in his pocket. He'll say anything if it means he makes a $.
How about instead of taking from the poor, you take from the rich? Your whole party isn't even pretending to care anymore!
I really doubt whether your colleagues have the will to pass the tax bill. It too will fade into the sunset like healthcare
Could ya maybe talk about Puerto Rico and what we're doing for them? Tax reform sounds cool when an entire island isn't dying. #GaPol
Corporate tax code has nothing to do with it. 1 reason we've lost our edge because Grads are burdened with huge student loans.
We're the laughing stock of the world because of people like you and supreme leader. Sit down.
Always kowtowing to corporations & rich ! Besides how do u now plan to pay for "your" beloved "wall" !??
Guessing #moreUSdebt  ?
Imperative you get R story straight. Leader POTUS says this is all about "massive tax cuts".
Nope, we've lost our edge because we're not keeping up with the times. Globalization means we have to stay on our toes so we know how we fit in the market and educate our citizens #trickledown is an old idea that has never worked.
You suck
Finally one of you agrees with our President.
Who the fuk is this asshat? Where are they finding these people?
Right its the tax code.
Tie corporate tax cuts to jobs and profit-sharing! Otherwise the CEOs just keep the extra money and no one else benefits.
After all the lies about the ACA. I just don't believe a damn thing you say.
I thought your buddy @realDonaldTrump said the economy is the best ever. Which is it?
No. You were wrong on health care. You are wrong on this tax package.. You are wrong for Georgia. NO TAX CUTS FOR RICH.
Our taxes so far have went to private jets for Trumps Admin! You forgot to say how taxes on the lowest individual tax bracket will go up!
We've lost our competitive edge due to the lunatic in the White House.
We've lost our competitive edge because our educational system is not on pace with the rest of the developed world. Will tax cuts fix that?
There are many companies who pay nothing, with the current structure.  Help me understand your position.  Because it doesn’t make sense
Nice try David. We are losing our competitive edge b/c we now have an isolationist president.
Leaving Paris agreement, cutting EPA funds, etc has caused a setback in our science community.
USA has always been a place of discovery & innovation but not under Trump & Republicans. China will be taking our place.
You do realize that the wealthy hold onto their money they don’t pass it along to their employees
It's not happening, Perdue.  You're not giving yourself a tax break.
And how much will you be borrowing and adding to our debt in order to give your wealthy donors this tax break?
@FairTaxOfficial @FlFairTax Will you ever use your platform to speak about the merits of #FAIRtax ?
Hope that sense of urgency is more overwhelming  then health care, might pass something.
I agree @sendavidperdue a thurough review of this tax code is imperative. American workers should NOT suffer so the the rich can stash $$!!
Invoking a sense of urgency doesn't make your parroted talking points any less stale.
GDP is high. Corporate profits after tax are high. Unemployment is low. Americans face economic misery because of low wages, not high taxes.
So give me a tax break and not the top 1%.
US has lost its competitive edge by electing #GOP short-sighted, narrow minded, traitorous thieves who have sold America out to the bidder
We need a sense of urgency to help the Americans in Puerto Rico
Then why does this "reform" include removal of the estate tax, which only affects multimillionaires? I don't think you're telling us truth.
That's fine for the wealthy. Speaking from the middle class, I would love to have the 20% rate but it looks like it will remain at 25%!
Maybe this will help u understand why we've lost our competitive edge....45 gibberish
Do we need a sense of urgency about climate change?
You make me ashamed to live in Georgia. This is the most moronic statement I have ever heard. Jeez. Can't wait to vote you out.
Bush 2 sliced taxes on top earners and we had a recession. Not a winning formula. Look to infrastructure projects.
You never learn.
Amazing how the deficit disappeared overnight on Jan. 20
No we don't need tax reform that means raising taxes for the lowest Income and lowering it for the 1 %.  I will not vote for you!!!
Capitol Police officers discussing tax reform in the House gallery. One of them says: "I don't want to lose my state deduction."
We've lost our competitive edge bc our system values land over people, and people who live on lots of land voted for a reality tv star
With all due respect, Senator, we have lost our competitive edge by electing a grifter with the attention span of a toddler as POTUS.
Amen!
SO HOW WERE YOUR CALL RUNNING ON HEALTH CARE 1000 TO 1 AGAINST. YET YOU VOTED AGAINST US.
Nice try. The tax code changes are for your rich donors, not us. Some of us aren't gullible.
"Sense of urgency" those words remind me of how the GOP tried to rip away ACA. Alarms go off when the GOP attempts to hurry things along.
If you don't quit drinking that Trump Kool aid you are going to find yourself out of competition and out of office.
We are with you sir! Great meeting this morning!
Yup, u urgently need ur tax cut. The rest of us can pay ur share. @GalvanizeGA @politicalinsidr @CitizensFedUp
We lost our competitor edge because you value tax cuts for the richest among us, instead of giving support to math and science.
You and the rest of your Know-Nothing party are done.
um, not that's not it. We ignore science. That's part of it.
This turd of plan would explode the deficit & the only thing that would trickle down is more  onto the middle class...especially HoH filers
There is already a ton of analysis out there that shows AT BEST it would be neutral for some lower brackets, but worse for most of us...
Except the rich, who gain trillions are expense of the exploding deficit, for which you'll then cut aid programs.
How about you ask this administration to stop grifting?
And ask your billionaire overlords to pay their back taxes?

And how about you actually ask to see @realDonaldTrump the orange dotard's tax returns first? Your words are  and your intent even worse.
Give me a break! You’re as corrupt as the rest are of your ilk.
Can you find compassion and urgency to protect our friends who need #DACA and those suffering in #PuertoRico?
DACA has nothing to do here, all 3.5 million of us on the island are natural born US citizens, stop politicizing our suffering.
Uh huh...and Ivanka needs a break on estate taxes because...???
