pass hcare, take august recess.
@GOP in charge of health care reform is like putting @SierraClub in charge of road building. One sided results! @dnc
RT if you agree Senator Perdue should host town halls
The silent majority will prevail as in special elections-we watch we listen we vote-we let th crazes make noise & work themselves up-we work
Yeah we'll see come 2018 
Pull the plug on this administration's need for competition and reach across the aisle!!!
You mean reach into tax payers pockets. I do NOT want single payer. Social Security/Medicaid is enough government for me.
There must be balance, please don't tell me what I mean. This is not a blame game, it is worthy of discussion and a thoughtful approach.
I'm cool with y'all making 0 progress on the bill to take away our healthcare. Go on vacation all summer! It'll be less harmful.
I'm cool with "the craziest thing in the world" imploding on the #Democrats who passed the bill in the first place. Fall premium increase...
You do understand the trump is withholding payments to insurance companies so premiums go up and hurt your fellow Americans! Check it out
How about having our elected officials work over time & get the deal done!!???  What a concept.
Yes, I agree. It is of utmost importance that the AHCA and tax reform get done as fast as possible.
I agree, we need serious solutions to our families healthcare system and serious representation to burn the midnight oil to get it right.
Pull the plug on the death bill you call "healthcare"
We don't go on vacation if our job isn't done. They shouldn't especially if we r footing the bill! They work for us!
I would love some progress in Washington! Please let us know if anyone writes a bill that includes it. Thanks!
What I don't get is what in hell were Repubs doing past 8 years?Did they not think they wld win WH someday.did they really want to fix it???
You need to protect women and strengthen health care, including ALL CHOICES for women & $$$ for childcare
Now childcare is part of health care? Even Canadians pay for childcare
Canadian women get a year of maternity leave
I'd prefer if you spent the recess taking town halls with your constituents to understand how devastating this #HealthCareBill will be.
Why not just VOTE TO REPEAL OBAMACARE....and THEN - later - we can figure out what to do next?

JUST REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!
It's time for a town hall meeting
Thank you! Time to work on #AmericaFirst Agenda! Besides, u peeps get more vacay than the average American worker 
"We must ram through our agenda as quickly as possible before the executive branch implodes, all while avoiding constituent accountability."
Bullshit. Just another attempt to avoid your constituents.
if gop congress does not pass hcare they wont want to go back to their districts
Thank you (and @SenatorIsakson )for working so hard for the people of Georgia.
Good for you work for the people and drain the swamp
You need to get real on health care and craft a fix to the ACA.
I agree. Get er" done
My friends have Obamacare and now payb$18,000 per year in premiums with a $5,000 per year deductible. That is $23,000 before any benefits.
We few and active GOPers in Athens live you guys!
GOP spent 7 years obstructing, complaining & trying to repeal #ACA. 

You don't have the first damn clue how to actually legislate do you?
Pull the plug now! Have several town hall mtgs to see what your constituents want!
Thank you for your common sense Sir, which is abundantly missing in Congress
Repeal the whole damn thing like U'all have been promising to do
If the Senate can't come up with something that actually serves the people of America, then please stay on recess as long as you'd like.
Another gutless wonder afraid to answer questions from the voters. Meet with real Georgians & explain your vote on health, Senator.
Agree.  Pass the Budget on time.
You're not doing anything anyway because your hateful agenda can't get passed even when you have the majority in both houses.
#TermLimits Republican controlled federal govt is a YUGE failure. Take your grade school recess! Real adults don't need recess, we work.
If there is no work in Washington then you will have to face the people of Georgia. I am sure you would rather stay in Washington. SAD
No bill! Let the #ACA implode. The #Democrats want their high premiums; so be it. They want to live by the sword then they can die by it.
Progress on what? Taking away health care? Rolling back regs that protect our environment, our civil rights, our freedoms?
With all the damage the GOP has done to our environment, I think you should cancel the rest of 2017 & 18
We need 2 pull plug on u because u don't do your job. No meetings with ATL constituents! Cowardly leadership!
When r u going to hold a townhall in Atl to hear concerns about repub healthcare plan. Not doing your job!
U should have to earn a recess. Tax relief & infrastructure are needed, leave healthcare to the free market Capitalism by repealing ACA
1st we are talking about health insurance, not healthcare.  Repeal o-care.  Let me decide on insurance.  No govt intrusion.
cant help but think UR looking for ANOTHER excuse 2 avoid constituents. No town halls,no local "donuts with david" no response to requests
Yes, by all means, pull the plug on recess so you will have more time to pull the plug on Grandma.
It is also convenient if you don't have to come home and face us in a TOWN HALL!!!
Why the hurry. Take the time to make things better rather than bow to bs deadlines set for publicity.
Senator, it is time to get your dissenting GOP colleagues to publish their objections. What are their concerns and solutions?
You haven't made progress in 8 years
progress starts by listening to your constituents and holding a #TownHall !!!
"Pull the Plug" could be the motto for the GOP Healthcare bill....
Sir, I'm a Georgia resident, and I don't want to see u or any of the Georgia Congressional team back in this state until you all #DoYourJob
I think it would help if bipartisanship and compromise became a focus. No one in this country is winning right now.
It is time to pull the plug on GOP healthcare. It hurts Americans,provides less care, states will opt out of mental health,maternal care.
And your damn @POTUS has spent 25% of his time on the golf course. Take your damn undeserved recess  and don't bother to have a town hall.
During your recess you should hold a town hall with @SenatorIsakson & strive to work w/all republicans and democrats together on healthcare.
I'm confused. U r suddenly interested in progress? What does that even mean - we, your constituents, don't know because u r avoiding us.
Ya'll need to stay in the swamp until it is drained. You stepped into the fight. Good luck. See you on the other side.
You should pull the plug on all recesses because you haven't gotten anything done.
This might be the first smart thing I've seen your Twitter account post.
@jonlovett @jonfavs @danpfeiffer He is so afraid of meeting people in his state he is already making an argument to avoid us.
Time for a Town Hall, Sincerely, Mr. Taxpayer.
30033 you should meet with your constituents instead of staying in DC and talking to lobbyist
trump care = deathcare
If recess means you will not pass the Tinker and Rename Obamacare legislation, then please take a recess.  #GOPBreaksPromises
I think you should come home & hear from ALL your constituents instead of staying in DC to rubber stamp pres #youworkforus
Afraid to face your constituents is what it sounds like.
What do we do if we think the plug should be pulled on you and every other member of GOP who've brought disaster on our country?
Big talk from a Senator who won't have a town hall meeting...
Yes please sir. GA citizen here & know you and several fro our delegations are SERIOUS abt a better country. I think is appropriate. Thanks
Why does it need to be end of August & what harm will waiting to get it right do? Your constituents aren't setting that precedent YOU ARE.
Good point!
Yes, you should
...and don't forget we wanted REPEAL and REPLACE. NOT Obamacare Lite.
Yes repeal and replace with single payer. Oh wait, sorry, that wouldn't allow the Republicans to kill enough people.
Thank you !!!! Like the Toby Keith song goes "little less talk, lot more action"
Should not take off rest of yr until all Trump promises signed into law.
How about you drop this repeal crap and support the ACA?
What's repealed?  Still govt healthcare. Why are you unhappy?
I saw the phrase "pull the plug" and assumed this was your new & improved healthcare plan.
Bravo!
RT if you agree the Senator should resign for not looking for the best interest of the people of the great state of Georgia
David Perdoodoo.
Like you need another excuse to ignore your constituents! YOU WORK FOR US. TOWN HALL NOW
It's time to open this discussion to everyone and not try to bulldoze this through the senate.
@twright55 @DailySignal thank you!!!
