what's wrong with Washington is that our elected officials are not standing up to protect the health of their constituents.
Shouldn't Americans own their own heath and their own care.
not if they can't afford it. Raising premiums on most vulnerable so least vulnerable have choice is evil.
Again. Govt intervention never works as good as people think.  History proves that. Look at Intel of Medicare and cost curves.
Look at Sweden, Norway. France, Canada, Australia, Denmark, ..........
Alex what rock do you live under?
Wow, sure lets compare Europe's train system to ours so you can prove your point that when government gets involved it's bad.
Psssst, their rail system is successful. I honestly was afraid you wouldn't know that fact. Is the rock your are under Stone Mountain?
Georgians are suffering bc their Republican "leaders" refused to expand Medicaid. Stop lying.
How about you take care of your healthcare and I'll take care of mine. Sounds fair except to liberals who want others money to pay.
You know absolutely nothing about this issue. I have Obamacare and I PAY FOR IT. Most do. People w/low incomes do get a subsidy.
Pay no attention to Alex...clearly a bitter troll, who probably also claims to be Christian.
I've never met more vile people like you until twitter.
You joined twitter yesterday and have done nothing but tweet insults. You are making me laugh!! 
You are my hero. There you go. No insult.
Your cowardly attempt to shift blame to the Dems for your party's shameful, undemocratic process will not work. You own this debacle.
Your party created this mess all on their own.  Nice  deflection.  Let it implode now.
For the love of God, Alex, please please read something about this issue. Your ignorance is very disturbing.
The irony here is probably lost on you.
Dude your party creates this mess and you want to blame conservatives. The facts are lost on you bud.
So you just proved my point.
Thought you had a moment of conscience during the vote when you voted nay.  U were too busy hoping to gavel down a win.  U r gone in 2018
YOU & men like you are what's wrong with Washington. GA will not forget how you wanted to screw all of us over for tax breaks.
Go ahead and rip insurance from so many Georgian.   Why not fix what we have now.  Be smart instead of a follower.
AMA calls Senate "Freedom" Act a "toxic prescription that would make matters worse."
We know your thoughts, against the average citizen. Georgia is full of the working poor & we're SICK of you & your 1% first ways. Vote U Out
You, sir, are what is wrong with Washington.
Your thoughts are partisan and wrong. Had you voted to support Medicaid expansion, more Georgians would be covered!
We WON'T forget that you chose party over country & remained silent while we have a dangerous fool in the White House.
#NeverRepublicanAgain
vote all present politicians out of office
Trumps approval is under water 7%  your next!!!  Winning!!
There is not one DEM who think ACA does not need fixing. GOP has no better plan, so work with Dems for fixes instead of working for division
I am outraged at your twisting this important issue so into a partisan knot that you don't care what's best for GA.
Great. Another liberal living in the south doing exactly what ruined NY.
I'd much rather have her as a neighbor than you. At least she knows how to be informed about an issue.
I want repeal. The government needs to regulate insurance markets not be an insurance company. Get govt off our backs!
Hahaha...poorest among "us"...watch which boat "we" are in, you 1% ignorant old man
We are the leadership party!  When are republicans going to start acting like it!  The Dems fight at all cost.  You just surrendered 2018!
& U really don't talk about a balanced budget because UR not taking the money 2 pay off debt.UR givie it 2 UR rich folks who will donate 2 U
How could you have voted yes to such a travesty? This bill wasn't even public until 2 hours before you voted. You voted party line.
Democrats said over and over they were willing to work together. It was the GOP that shut them out.
It was Obama and the democrats from the beginning who did not include republicans. We didn't get to keep our plan or our drs.
That is absolutely not true; the Repubs chose not to participate in the hearings and offer sensible amends. Obama has said not a perfect sys
This is a lie!  Democrats have always said it needed work but republicans wouldn't do anything but complain. It is time to work together!
The GOP Senate's proposed skinny repeal of the ACA demonstrates "everything that's wrong with Washington." And you voted for it. HYPOCRITE!
This sounds like extortion to me.  What do you think?
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
the folks outside UR office know this & they R mad as hell.  Now U want 2 steal  from Medicare & Social Security.  That will be the end of U
Romney's famous 47% who don't pay taxes would be PROUD to become taxpayers, but first they must escape payday loans & daycare costs.
Dems have acknowledged shortcomings in Ocare, but were not able to participate making changes. YOU KNOW THIS.
You feed us your justifications without facts. You simply want to destroy Obamacare rather than fix it. Shame. Shame. Shame. Shame.
Senate GOP's gamesmanship on healthcare failed. Now it's time to repair the ACA. Stop whining and DO YOUR GODDAMN JOB.
Republicans have increased the national debt more than any democrat because as long as you get your pound of flesh U don't care
I believe you really think you're doing the right thing for businesses and American economy. But it's bad for your constituents. #TownHall
Pretty sure your job is to listen to what WE, your CONSTITUENTS, think. Not to tell us what you think. #DoYourJob #vote2018 #vote2020

Well, allow me to retort with some thoughts of my own, as one of your constituents. Y'all (GOP) had EIGHT years and spent entire time...
Thread 
Well, allow me to retort with some thoughts of my own, as one of your constituents. Y'all (GOP) had EIGHT years and spent entire time...
Honorable sir,
It is time you held your colleagues accountable, y'all work for us at our pleasure & we will change you out ASAP unless...
I doubt you know any of these names or terms...
Paul Starr
Maggie Mahar
Alain Enthoven
MACRA
Atul Gawande
..or that MA is not Original Mcare
Democrats (Obama himself) said the bill wasn't perfect & urged bipartisan support to fix it. Instead you spent 7 years making it worse.
Then why in the hell did he pass obamacare. How to be stupid 101.
Oh, my son, Alex. He did it to make things better than before. Which it did. If you stop listening to rhetoric, you can find facts.
Well he didn't or it wouldn't need fixed.  And doing it by gimmicks through reconciliation didn't help. Polls show peeps didn't want it.
Ur public ignorance is embarrassing.
We need more taxpayers, not lower taxes.
Hourly wages = lifetime poverty.
Higher min wage = more taxes
Indeed...w/ higher productivity from automation, instead of more exec & stockholder profit there MUST be wage increase to remaining workers.
For years all the profit has gone to the top be the c level's choice. If they will not raise wages someone must make them.
Absolutely.
Every dollar min wage increase goes directly into the economy. Hourly people cannot afford investments. Must pay food & shelter.
"access" there's that word again.I might tell U that gutting any kind of help 4 the poorest N UR state who can't afford "access" kills folks
Your buddy sure likes to make threats.  Please stop blindly following him off the cliff.
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly, BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
Lying to your voters appears to be business as usual 2 politicians. If I don't see a more boisterous GA.Senator, I will vote for another.
As a Georgia voter who supported U, I am disgusted that my party lied to their voters. U see how divisive Dems r, but refuse to stop them.
Great. When is your town hall where you'll be discussing this with your constituents?
We've got to repeal this unconstitutional law, period. The Federal government is out of control.
Reason why the poorest Georgians don't have healthcare is because medicaid expansion not given. GOP did this not Dems.
It leaves that many without coverage? If only the ACA had something that expanded Medicaid to cover them. (Did you SERIOUSLY ignore that?)
Republicans bitched and resisted for 7 years yet still had no plan they could agree on. You don't have a party. You have two or more  cults.
Your shameful vote for the anemic Senate so-called healthcare bill put politics ahead of the welfare of thousands of Georgians. COWARD!
It's the entitlement mentality.  Charge a nickel for a free lunch and moochers whine.
You are part of the problem in Washington.  You are out of touch with the working class and the poor in Georgia. Let's have a real talk Sen.
Most indefensible:49 reps of American ppl working so cynically to defy huge popular+medical org opposition for "win" that wd damage so many.
Americans have spoken. The GOP's zeal to erase the legacy of President Obama has failed. The ACA needs improvement. Work with Democrats.
Why not put the American people before party and work with democrats to lower the cost of insurance?  We want coverage not higher premiums
Resign and make DC better.
It's not accurate to say that Dems refused to acknowledge ACA flaws
Bottom line. Last night u voted 2 throw millions off health care & damage the market. We see you for who you are. Fake Christian.
I think what we've witnessed is everything that's wrong with the GOP.
Actually, the Dems are aware parts of the ACVA need shoring up. Btw: were you playing Angry Birds when you screwed up your vote last night?
This is how the Fathers meant the system to work- bipartisanship and input from the citzens is how they wanted bills to pass. #TOWNHALL
Um, 300,000 Georgians don't have healthcare because our Republican state hasn't expanded Medicaid. Let's expand Medicaid.
Actually, what u & the GOP tried to do here IS what's wrong w/DC. Now, it's time to work together to fix ACA. How about trying that?
For the past seven years, Republicans have had the chance to draft a good healthcare bill.  What have they come up with???  
"The American people should be outraged &...demand real change now." We have, we will. The next change will be who we call senator!
Democrats did not refuse to try to make fixes. They weren't asked for their input!!!
Mr. Perdue, I despise liberal democrats but I'm starting to wonder if republicans are capable of leadership.
Encouraged to see many other furious GA'ans replying to you. Time for blind party following is over!! We need thinking leaders to stand up!
We pray for you everyday. God bless you.
I am thrilled that the gop lost.  I am equally thrilled that Georgia will be getting 2 NEW SENATORS!  @moondragon420 @Boo5992
#VoteThemOut
.@sendavidperdue  try again sir- Dems were not included in this secretive bill. And they want to be a part of fixing and solving problems.
You have completely missed 'what is wrong with Washington'. They DON'T KNOW more than we do.
I do not understand why you continue to ignore the role the States  in world class health insurance and healthcare!
You, Sonny, & the rest of your good old white boy network don't care about anyone except Washington. You care nothing about Georgians.
Repeal but who cares about GA citizens. Do you care this is a poor state w/hospitals closing? Think of people 1st. I will remember in 2018
You are what's wrong with Washington. Why wouldn't you ENCOURAGE bipartisan debate instead of forcing crap on us!?
The American people ARE very outraged- at the duplicity and obstruction by the GOP against a vitally needed program for ALL Americans.
Your response is full of inaccurate statements. We aren't sheep. We. know what you voted for--party over country. We won't forget either.
I hope you count yourself in the "what's wrong with Washington" tally... 
Your thoughts are disingenuous, at best, as you and your Republican colleagues are so beholden to not we the people, but to big $ backers!
You have offered ZERO leadership.
"railed against the failures" exactly, for 7 years. And you came up with nothing to fix them or even close. Awful governing.
Wow, delusional as usual.
David Purdue as Leader of Senate. Leadership isn't a gavel. It's heart & example & grit & determination. Make a run at it.
This was a bad bill plain and simple. Mr. Perdue you voted for that bill...with all due respect YOU are what is wrong with Washington.
You followed @SenateMajLdr like sheep last night instead of voting for what's best for us constituents.Glad @SenJohnMcCain  on our side.
Thanks for what you do for the people of Georgia!! What can we do to fix D. C. ?
Your premise is unfounded because the poorest are cared for under Medicaid and not fined. #stopthespin
Including your YES vote on each & every Republican bill. None of which were about a solution, but a political win.
How long have you been in Washington and what are "thoughts" without action?
Bet you wish that you never ran for the Senate. It's a thankless job for someone who wants to make a difference
You are what is wrong in DC. No meeting with ATL constituents. Voting on the skinny repeal without details and no CBO report! Shame on you!
Your first paragraph is baloney. Not a single word is true. Dems are anxious 2 repair what's broken. 
Repubs obstruct. Can't govern.
You don't stop the bleeding by cutting off your arm. There are flaws, yes, but what was proposed was slash & burn answer, not constructive.
Why we need term limits!
In this scenario you care about poor people?
You guys had seven years to write a comprehensive plan. You ALL failed.
Are you claiming a secret process leading to a vote on a "bill" slapped together AT LUNCH THAT DAY isn't "what's wrong with Washington"?
More bs! Can it.
you are what's wrong with Washington--and Georgia, for that matter.
It's the (republican run) state that's making this difficult, not democratic senators. Talk with GA lawmakers and fix it for your state.
We have. It's you and your millionaire cronies trying to hurt us. GOP refusing to release the bill and refusing to work with dems. Sad!
Stop lying & blaming the democrats when the republicans have been trying to sabotage the ACA & refused to work with the democrats to fix it!
Behind Medicaid are the faces of millions of babies and children. The GOP would let them die from lack of health care for their tax cut.
Pro life P love to watch Medicaid babies and children suffer without healthcare. They only care about themselves. It must be WWJD stuff
The GOP leadership should have practiced democratic process of deliberation. This might have resulted in a bill people could live with
Working your way right out of the door. So happy to #draintheswamp of you parasites.
#Gapol #gagop #byebye #8yearsandnoideas
We need term limits and transparency.
Why does GA Senators hate babies and children? Medicaid is mainly poor babies and children.
Pointing fingers and telling lies as usual instead of trying to work together to fix a problem. 
GA Senators make sure Wall Street can not fail. They care less about Georgians dying without healthcare.
Try compromising in a bipartisan way. Your beliefs are not universally accepted. Take your ideological binders off!
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @BBC

Dear @realDonaldTrump:

Your call to "let Obamacare implode" is unconstitutional…
You, sir, represent everything that is wrong with Washingon.  Quit lying and commit to working with the dems to fix healthcare. Country 1st.
Trying to cover ur butt w/the wealthy you promised tax cuts to? #shame

How about you listen to the MAJORITY of Georgians for once?
"Democrats failed to acknowledge shortcomings"... total lie!
Dems always said ACA not perfect & looked to fix. 
GOP insisted on repeal.
You need to publicly reject Trump's demands to change the super majority rule. US is a more perfect union because of the rule of law, @GOP.
You're part of what's wrong with Washington; Partisan Politics; end of story.
I've said this many times. You can't fix something you know nothing about. Elect people to office that understand Health Care.
We do demand real change - work with democrats & earn your salary!  #2020
So what did you do to get to a solution that would work for all & not defund PP & kick 18+ MM off insur? Did you cross the aisle to talk?
Shame on you for towing the party line. The ACA needs work, but it saves lives. Stop undermining it and improve it.
So disappointed w/your vote last night to dismantle h'care. Pls go explain it to kids, families at CHOA. #CHOA. #BackRoomDeals
We desperately need a senator who actually meets with his constituents to represent GA, you need to go.
Actually the poorest of the poor can be exempt from the fine and if GA would have expanded Medicaid they'd be covered.
This would mean more if you had some sort of plan to make healthcare more accessible. Your plans, as many as there were, would have hurt Ga
I am outraged! As The people of Arizona should be  McCain has shown himself to be an out of touch elite swamp dweller.
You are what's wrong with Washington. Time to work with democrats like a real senator not out for your own interest.
Leaving women senators out of the committee really ended up stinging, didn't it?  Time to work together as 1 nation. It's called compromise.
Here are MY thoughts. I watched you last night, sitting with that smug look on your face. I heard your vote. I vote too and won't forget. 
We will be supporting your Senate challengers with our time and money. You are not working on our behalf, Potemkin Perdue!
You seemed to ignore what was wrong with this whole process. McCain represents AZ and voted in the state's best interest. That's his job.
And insurace carrier choices for a lot of Georgia will continue to be reduced! #Obamacare
Time to get to work Senator! Work with your democratic fellow legislators, and help improve healthcare for all citizens.
Yes, we witnessed EVERYTHING that is WRONG w/ Washington= YOU, GOP & Trump
No debate, attempted late nite vote
SHAME ON YOU
Thank you for trying!  The rest of our RINOs need to be "set free".  WE don't want them and WE don't need them.  Early good bye to them!!!
The 1st sentence was right, everything after was complete bullshit. But you knew that already
Work as hard on the ACA as you do on the excuses and partisan brinksmanship. Give your constituents something to be proud of.
I'm also outraged that you don't care about womens healthcare you came out of your mom's vagina
None of the bills you voted for would have addressed your claimed "big objectives." Quit posturing for your base base and try governing.
keep funding planned parenthood bc of this lovely little thing called separation of church and state we're NOT a Christian nation
Ur whole premise is based on the party lies. U operate n a vacuum w/no input from constituents only donor class. GA needs ACA-u not so much
lol you stink
As one of your constituents I am outraged at your non leadership. Listen to all Georgians not only Republican Georgians
HOW could you Repubs let this happen to us?  HOW?  You are in power everywhere, and still can't do the right things.  What else can we do?
Your own party obstructed the process! No dems were invited to table. You didn't even know the bill you voted to proceed. GA will remember.
Republicans are the obstructionists, starting with Merrick Garland. Please put country before party. Don't be on the wrong side of history.
YOU and the other trump yes-men are what's wrong with Washington. Do work, son. Work FOR Georgia, not for trump.
In the same paragraph you purport to care about "the poorest among us" but then complain about Medicaid expansion. THIS MAKES NO SENSE
I e-mailed your office a month ago about the effects of any repeal or replace on my city employees, no answer. Can help u if u can't help us
Dude YOU VOTED THE WRONG WAY. Well, first your "no" was the right, conscionable, moral way to vote. But you changed it to "yes."
Single Payer system to include all Americans--from legislators to Medicare recipients would solve all problems.
True. Secret bills, partisanship, and a disdain for constituents are anti-democratic. I hope you step down since you are part of the problem
So many lies in this statement I don't know where to begin. But know this, I will work with every fiber of my being to get you out in 2020.
Maybe step up, be a statesman and work across the aisle.  R's have had SEVEN YEARS to do something and this was the best you could do?
John McCain and the 50 other senators with some sense showed courage that you lack. Search yourself and regain your morality.
You are lieing that DEMs deny any shortcomings. They want to fix and iterate, if only there was ANY bipartisan discussion. -angry in ATL
Except none of the bills proposed would have fixed the problems you identified beyond cutting Medicaid. It would have made things worse
We know what's wrong with Washington: It's you.
Had GovernorDeal expanded Medicaid, GA would be in so much better plc. Don't blame Dems who weren't consulted this round. Work across aisle!
I get feeling that you are part of that problem .
Lies. Dems have wanted to fix ACA. Rs are the true obstructionists. Rs refused to let Dems see the skinny repeal. We aren't fools senator.
I see no mention of reducing healthcare costs and the overwhelming amount of waste in the industry.
Had fun talking about The myth of drug expiration dates with @tommytuckerwwl on @WWLAMFM! https://www.propublica.org/article/the-myth-of-drug-expiration-dates …
I am outraged that you continue to push a false narrative. This bill would have hurt more Georgians. Expand Medicaid here, help us!
So frustrating!
Indeed! we have witnessed the utter failure of your craven party to govern and an unwillingness listen to the majority of your constituents
God forbid you have a car wreck in rural GA. No hospitals because of rejection of ACA. Own that.
I am outraged that you believed allowing 25 million people to be without health care was a reasonable plan. Disgraceful.
I agree this was disgraceful, but disagree on why. Problem was abandoning open process & bipartisan debate, ignoring unpopularity of effort
Your thoughts are not in congruence with the needs of Georgians.  YOU stop putting party over country.  #healthcaredebate #SkinnyRepealFAIL
Tired of hearing healthcare, need to move on: tx ref, sanct city, wall, budget. Let Ak & Az premiums hit 500% - must be consequences!! (2/2)
Also, please read my email I sent you, and answer the phone when I call.
Totally agree with the first sentence.
Dems have acknowledged many times the system isn't perfect but it's the GOP that's refused to try to fix it w/ its dogma of repeal & replace
Are you lying, just ignorant, or is it Opposite Day.
Senate needs new leadership. Unrealistic to believe 52 people will come together w/o strong leadership.( 1/2 )
