you know what should also be subject to oversight? The POTUS. Do your job.
also, try citing a more credible source next time, sir. Your bias is showing.
Please don't use RedState as a source. Not credible.
, you think people are paid to protest? I am a retired granny and nobody pays me. Can you provide proof or are u lying too?
Please explain this tweet.  What changes are you proposing that will protect the American people?
Hypocrite. The American people deserve to be protected from security breaches, treason, toxic water, corrupt politicians.
4. A bank charge of $35 for Joe Q. Public is the equivalent of a $35,000 fine for you.
My mistake. It's really only $4077.50. But if you got charged $4K for paying a day late wouldn't you be annoyed?
CFPB only agency to protect us, the voters. You don't give a damn.
can you show the delegated power in art 1 sec 8 to support this? Protect our liberty and honor your oath.
CFPB needs to be dissolved. lets focus were the problem is...the Fed.....Fed reform needs to happen now.
Oversight or Dismantling of #CFPB? Let's taco bout it at TH! The big Banks  lobby love your idea! Why should Georgians?
Are you seriously using a RedState source? Guess that shouldn't surprise me since the @POTUS gets his info from Fox News.
As a Georgia citizen, while it's not perfect, the CFPB has done more to help middle class Americans than any congressman.
3. In other words, for a typical Georgia resident a $2 Starbucks coffee represents the same expenditure as $2000 for you.
Sorry, my math was wrong. But if you were charged $233 for a cup of coffee wouldn't you feel like you were being ripped off?
What an informative sound bite. Maybe you could link us to the article so would could judge the veracity of that claim.
@Davidlaz Look at this idiot's banner he tweeted.
is this a joke. It's their to protect us from people like you
Yes, Congress should protect the people. What are you going to do about POTUS conflicts of interest? Russian hacking?
Maybe if you passed meaningful reform legislation after a global financial collapse we wouldn't need it so much!
are you serious? The banks almost destroyed the economy but that's ok. How about Russia bilking the American people
How do you have the nerve to say something so utterly ridiculous?
Quote something real. #CFPB has saved consumers BILLIONS from credit card/ bank fraud and rip-offs. #RepresentUsNotBanks
You cite ONE Redstate quote that's almost 3 years old? You should be focused on protecting and supporting your constituents!
Red State is the bastion of unbiased media. Get a better source. I'm embarrassed to be represented by you.
You're already a SELLOUT to the Washington SWAMP. You represent hardworking Americans. Not fat-cat business associations.
protect the American people by calling for a special investigation into Trump team's connections to Russia
wait. You want less oversight about everything except this? We are watching your actions. #townhallplease #DoYourJob
Wrong!!!!
No integrity.
Fact: Consumers like the #CFPB. Who doesn't? #WallStreet banks and their allies in #Congress. #DefendCFPB
I'm really going to need you to stop. Foolishness!!! Do you lie at church too? Or just at work, for work?
No, it's not.
Suggesting that Congress needs to oversee CFBP is disingenuous. You simply want it - like the EPA - gone for your donors. 
David, it is clear that you are only interested in making the rich richer and ignoring your constituents. #GOPtoady. Shame.
Keep #tellingitlikeitisnt
I can't even with your alternate facts.
When can we talk face to face in your office or at town hall meeting? So many issues to discuss. You're off track.
If u want 2 protect Americans (which I don't believe 4 1 min) stay out of #cfpb They r doing a great job protecting us
5. Does this help you understand why consumers need protection from predatory lenders? #CFPB
You have no shame. #fakenews
2. You earned $55 million from 2003-2012.  That’s 1000 times the median income in Georgia.
1. I don't begrudge you your millions but I don't think you can relate to the people you are supposed to represent.
it's clear you should be subject to more oversight from GA voters. Like maybe a #TownHall
also did you really just quote REDSTATE as your source for a "fact"
Get off the alternative fact train.
protect the American people how? By letting corporations take more of their money? I'd rather pay the taxes.
Donald Trump & family are bilking taxpayers out of millions with their continued business activities and secret service need
Could you at least pretend to care about ordinary people?
dishonest&irresponsible policy. #TownHall soon so we-your constituents-can tell you how we want you to represent us re this
Seriously? Seriously?!? Multiple members of Trump admin have questionable ties to Russia & you want to look into the CFPB???
are you really looking out for the American people. Which includes me.
You, sir, have no idea what you're talking about. "Protect the American people" from what? Predatory lending practices?
Just stop. I know whose interests you serve, and they're not those of the hard-working Georgians I know.
Who is paying for the wall again? We are? Taxpayers! Who is getting "bilked" here, pal? Stop the games. #2018
Don't hide behind the American people in getting rid of consumer protection. Your claim is ridiculous.
Who is paying for the wall again? Right- The taxpayers. Now rail infrastructure funds frozen? More campaign lies...
Pay more attention to controlling our unhinged President. Leave protections for us alone.
From what?
hey pal!  Schedule a town hall and we can set your thinking right on this - appears you have have it backwards.
You/GOP protect big business at expense of consumer. #CFPB protects interests of consumers. How about townhall to discuss?
I didn't think so!
Hold a town hall. Speak to constituents. Many of us benefit from the protections of the @CFPB.
Town hall?
Again you choose corporations over the Georgians were elected to represent.  SHAME!
that's bullshit David
when is that town hall? We'd like to discuss this.
Town Hall!!
two words: town hall.
how you can make this claim w/ straight face? American ppl, contrary to recent history, aren't buying.Your greed is showing.
The #CFPB protects the American people from predatory business people like @POTUS. Please hold a #TownHall! --a constituent
I get it.  Totes opposite day.  Does this mean you will hold a town hall in Atlanta or not? #confusedbythealt
.@sendavidperdue Clarify: when do you want less govt? Cuz you spew "small gov't" but tweet about more oversight & won't get out of my uterus
It's clear to me you should announce a day and time for a Town Hall in Atl.  It's past time to talk with your constituents.
helped me. Glad you weren't there to interfere
"oversight" 
protecting people from the Greed Over Party is foremost on most of our minds. Too bad u cant see it.
this is categorically untrue. It's only function is to protect Americans from financial fraud.
What's going with the Russian spy ship off the eastern coast, Senator?
save it! There needs to be a protection bureau for the American voter! You need to investigate the Trump/Russia connection!
its time to protect Americans from Russian interference and Wall Street banks.  What are you doing about that?  #DoYourJob
Says the man from the company with *part-time* workers working 12 hour days. RedSate? Really? Ever hear of #Fakenews? #Shame
Hold a town hall and answer your phone. #gapol
as a constituent, I'd like to know when your town hall meeting is. Thank you.
- why not hold a town hall meeting and discuss this with your constituents, along with several other topics!
WHAT are you talking about? CFPB protects consumers. You want big bank buddies to be protected! SHAME #cfpb
Town Hall date, senator? We have a bunch of stuff to discuss.
Town Hall date?
But who will protect consumers from congress and their big corporate donors?
The CFPB protects consumers & it does it WELL, Mr. Former-CEO! You taking cues from POTUS on saying the opposite of truth?
I mean, your image quote is LAUGHABLE. We WERE "bilked of millions" BY THE BANKS before the CFPB was put in place!!!
You're not fooling us with your very obvious LIES. Why don't you try them in a town hall? See what we have to say THEN.
So when you all get rid of the middle class who's gonna pay your salary? It won't be the rich.
. @sendavidperdue By "taxpayers" you mean "corrupt banking executives", and after "millions" you forgot to add "that they swindled".
We don't trust you who ate bought by corporations to do anything fairly for consumers. Congress is not trusted!!!
ah yes. the organization that exists to protect consumers against predatory banking practices. let's get rid of that.
