RT if you think David Perdont should be returned to the top of a wedding cake where he belongs instead of the senate
@SenatorIsakson the majority of your constituents want a no. When will you actually listen? Reason not to be re-elected
Perdue listens to his corporate sponsors. Ask Betsy DeVos.
no. Just absolutely not. Garland.
Oppose Gorsuch because Trump is under investigation.
And if you don't agree?
vote no to Gorsuch
Absolutely do not agree!  but, as a constituent,  I will promise not to vote for you if you run for re-election.
I quit after you said "no one had been denied b/c of filibuster"... maybe, but your failure to vote on Garland is abt same
Worse. Garland didn't even get a hearing! The hypocrisy of the GOP is stunning.
Yup....I wouldn't even be too upset if they'd had balls to at least vote... vote no, be partisan, w/e. But what they pulled? No forgiveness
AND fact they have balls 2 call @SenateDems hypocrites is insane when just months ago they were fine w/ 8 when they thought Hillary wld win
RT if you agree: Judge Garland must be confirmed as the next Justice to the Supreme Court. #SCOTUS
Garland didnt get a chance at confirmation.  GOP has no room to talk

And we must vote you out of office!!!!
RT if you agree that there should be *no* SCOTUS pick while 45 under FBI investigation.  #TrumpRussia
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT
let's give  Merrick Garland a hearing and vote first
I really like Republicans are advertising too much. If he is so great why do you need to? Tired of the commercials
not until y'all have a hearing on Judge Garland first.
but if this election has proven anything, it's that your vote can be bought.
so true, whit.  He sells to the highest bidder, the snake.
Not until Garland gets a hearing. #TrumpRussia
Nor not. As in not RT and he must NOT be confirmed.
What was YOUR vote on women's health today, sir?
No! All comments here say no! Post calls u receive for/against so we know you vote 4 constituents.
if you listened to voters, read our tweets & emails, listened to our voicemails, you would know we don't agree.  Hold a TH.
absolutely not. No president under suspicion of treason should get a SC nomination before an independent investigation
So tired of children who claim to be adults holding a high office in government. To say No to Judge Gorsuch is a disgrace to the American P.
not really sure we should select this Supreme Court case.
How much $$$ are you getting for your vote for Gorsuch?
why did you vote YES to remove privacy protection????!!!!!!
CONFIRM GORSUCH
He's dangerous, & your email that didn't address my concerns is disappointing.  Represent the best interest of ALL Americans. Do your job.
do not vote on Gorsuch until Trump's MANY federal investigations are done. We can wait.
hell I I do not. I've expressed that to your office staff. You would know that if you had a town hall. #doyourjob
Haha! You're funny, David! Remember Merrick Garland? We do too. Seems your principles only apply to Republicans! This is Merrick's seat!
#stolenseat #plagiarism #frozentrucker ....uhhh no.no for Georgia, no for America
No, I don't agree.Investigation on Trump-Russia ties must be completed first.
Georgia voter her.  NO  NO NO.  You work for me.
Financial disclosure records beg to differ as to where Perdue's true loyalties lie.
absolutely no!As a devoted voter I can't believe that 
 a nom w/ ties to dark $ would be okay to you
Merrick Garland
Not while this administration is under investigation for ties to Russia. Court appt is for life.
NO!!!
There's no balance w/your party or your "leadership". There's no compromise & your constituents know it. #stopthehypocrisy
that's Merrick Garland's seat. You're trying to steal it.
Nope.
Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed if he gets 60 votes like all the rest. If not we need a new nominee, not a rule change.
Garland first, period. You're a puppet, #45 has his tiny hand waaaaaaaaay up your pussy. #ImpeachTrump #PerdueResign
wtf is taking so long no wonder we have wasteful spending
senate gop are thieves and this seat was STOLEN. Russian puppet does not get to fill it, OBAMA does!
Nope! You reap what you sew. Should already be occupied by M. Garland. Never forget.
No thanks. Maybe we could tell you in person at a town hall. No need to fear your actual constituents.
RT if you agree: @sendavidperdue must be voted out of the Senate the next time he runs for reelection
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OF TRUMP WH TIES TO RUSSIA FIRST. Then you can hold a Town Hall and we'll talk about Scotus
No No vote until a full and independent investigation of WH-Russian issue.  Cloud over D.C.  #DoYourJob #investigatetrump
Until the legitimacy of the election is confirmed Trump cant make the appointment.He claims millions of fraudulent votes
no no and no
.@sendavidperdue Ugh.  Cringeworthy Twitter usage.
You couldn't even give Garland a hearing. Disgraceful.
your buddy Mitch McConnell is the one holding it up.  Why did they postpone the vote?  We need new Republican leadership.
I do not agree
you don't work for #teamtrump or the cable companies, you work for #Georgians and I would fire you right now if I couldn't
"RT if you agree..." is not how representative democracy works. Evading those you are supposed to represent is not working.
"Government by the Tweet" now, I guess..?
#stolenseat The "Dan's one of us" you,trump..meaning racists,white men...party be4 country was particularly vile #DanMoody
@SenatorIsakson NO NO NO Judge Gorsuch should not become a justice of the #SCOTUS. This constituent urges you to vote NO.
You embarrass Georgia.
nope. Please vote against him if you want to keep your seat.
I don't think this is the time to ask favors. You need to get your house in order before we trust you with the SC keys.
Hell no. Investigate #45
No lifetime appt for 45 til FBI investigation complete. Same as waiting til 16 election complete
Why would we confirm Judge Gorsuch when WH under investigation? #WeThePeople #CountryOverParty #45illigimate
retweet? No way. Not until you realize you DO NOT HAVE A MANDATE and wise up.
GA voter here. GOP stole this seat from Garland. Thievery doesn't get a RT. Also, thanks for selling internet privacy 
The seat belongs to Merrick Garland. Republican leadership is an absolute disgrace. Hope you enjoy your only term in office.
GET OUT OF OUR FACES WITH YOUR GRUNGE. WE VOTE. UH-OH. LOSE SLEEP. ELECTION IS RECKONING TIME FOR TRUMP PEOPLE. GOOD TIMES.
DAVID, GORSUCH DOES NOT NEED TO GET THERE. WE WILL NOT ALLOW IT. IT IS UNJUST. GIVE UP, YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
So this is how I get to hear from you. I email, call, go to ur office, no reply, but twitter! Hold a town hall!!!
You will be voted out of office sir
Nope
you have NO clue what's it's like to live like a true Georgian in this day and time. You are not a man of the people.
He should NOT be confirmed simply on your word to us your constituents. Your track record isn't the greatest. #nogorsuch
he has argued that bosses have a right 2 prevent female employees from using health insurance to buy contraception. Hell no
ummm he has referred to contraceptive use as the wrongdoing of others. I refuse to go back in time. NO to #gorsuch
so we can have a #SCOTUS who rules against women who make decisions about their own health!? HELL NO
nah
getting more replies than retweets. Are you listening or ignoring your constituents? This is not Trump's pick.
I do not agree. And I am one of your constituents.
how about you hold a town hall
absolutely not. If we waited a whole year already (for no good reason), we need to wait till tump investigation is done
.@sendavidperdue Must be confirmed? Absolutely not.
Yeah, no. Maybe once @POTUS has been cleared of ties with Russia.
I agree that Gorsuch deserves the same amount of respect you gave Garland,
no, he shan't.
No to Gorsuch until we know everything about Russian White House shenanigans.
So that's a no - Gorsuch wouldn't know a human right even after he stepped on it.
um....no. I'm a constituent and I request his nomination be opposed.
itsa stolen seat from GARLAND. This fake prez shld NOT be able to fill seat. #voteNO
Merritt Garland, the lawful appointee of Mr. Obama, was not even given a hearing.  Who put party first, you! Panderer!
dave, really.. why hide from holding a town hall and why are against internet privacy? I ask as a voter in your district.
asking for a friend... 
Wrong! You are a hypocrite, a #GOPtoady, and are on the wrong side of history. Can't wait to see you voted out in 2020!
#Georgia #Voter says #GarlandNotGorsuch #DoYourJob #Townhall2017
, disagree!
There are more negative comments in 2 hours of this post then there are RTs. Sad. I can't wait to vote you out in 2020
I wish I could like this tweet twice!
you could have asked that in a town hall, senator. You have a billboard out on 285. Have some shame and do your job.
Trump is under investigation. He shouldn't be allowed to appoint a justice.
.@sendavidperdue RT if you agree: Judge Garland must be confirmed as next Justice to the Supreme Court.
HaHa! Nope!!!!!!!
.@sendavidperdue, why didn't you give Garland a chance? Oh right, because you "love" the country and "respect" its institutions. #resist
NO. This is a STOLEN seat #JusticeForMerrick
I'm one of your constituents & I say NO. Off to buy your internet history now, thanks!
Right after you confirm Me. Garland.
all these upset comments far outweigh your retweets. We're pretty unhappy with our representation in DC.

@Perduesenate  you have forgotten your constituents but promise, we won't forget what you're doing. Your base not enough!
nope
Doesn't look good for anyone YOU endorse. Ur voters know ur allegiences &lost faith in ur judgment #NoGorsuch #FlipThe6th
no. You stole this #SCOTUS seat.
nope. The GOP stole that seat and corrupted our government system and cannot be rewarded for that. Shame on all of you.
RT if you agree Senators should listen and be available to their constituents.
yes! Confirm him ASAP! #ConfirmGorsuch
You're like http://12.You 're not a Georgian.Lastly more bad news for you AfricanAmericans are ♡ of 'Bama& Chicago teams
I live in the GA 9th.  Quit being Trump's lap dog.  You know that seat was stolen.
what exactly were you expecting from this? You obviously work for your donors and not your constituents, so go ask them.
Mr. Perdue come on now... you're smarter than this
I disagree as a constituent of yours
No, it should be Justice Garland
"Frozen Trucker" ruling was shameful and immoral! Judge Gorsuch doe not deserve a place on the court!
You're right. He deserves a seat in that truck
remember when you & the rest of the GOP refused a hearing of Garland. I'm gonna pass.
you will vote your self serving interests like you always do.  all about making you and your buddies richer.
Absolutely NOT! trump under investigation, so he doesn't get to pick.  Not that you ever listen to your constituents anyway.
what's the opposite of retweeting?
Representative democracy?
