If the civilians are "innocent" as you say, then surely we can open our doors to allow them to escape Syria??
Again, Republicans have the memory of a goldfish: Obama Seeks Approval by Congress for Strike in Syria
I seem to remember that Obama had a maj when he made this request.  His own people didn't support him.
I can tell you're a tweeter bot... Move along please.
I'm real enough that I don't spew comments on social media that I don't expect or accept responses to.  You made an incorrect statement.
Do you think Obama could have gotten away with declaring war without congressional approval?  @POTUS is pied piper with @GOP following along
Thousands of airstrikes,hundreds of elite Special Operations troops deployed & an international diplomacy effort are "inaction"?Idiotic
Where was this compassion on 3/17 when our regime killed up to 300 civilians in an airstrike in Mosul? Or on 1/29 when the failed Yemen
Neither will yours. #WeWontForget #Georgia #Midterms #2018 #WarMongers have no place in #politics
SEAL raid took the lives of Ryan Owens & 25 civilians including 11 kids under 12?No compassion found then bc no political gain/distraction.
YOU DON'T GET A PASS SINCE YOU WERE NOT IN OFFICE IN 2013. GOP CANNOT GOVERN YOU ARE NOW A ONE TERM SENATOR
Wonderful tweet of substance.  Yeah I have been on you case for "fluff".  Proud to see my vote standing up!
Obama dropped 12,000 bombs on Syria in 2016. That is not "inaction'. Either you are misinformed or you are a liar. Which is it?
Yet you tolerate American inhumanity by voting to ban Muslims from this country. What about refugees and children? SHAME ON YOU.
Assad was a tyrant back when Obama Admin asked for Congressional Authorization for force - did you authorize then? #PoliticalHack
Neither will yours.
#Hypocrite #NoMoreWars !!!!!! #SyriaStrikes Are unconstitutional #ImpeachDonaldTrump #DoYourJob
So I'm guessing you'll vote to let in more Syrian refugees. Why not have a town hall to talk things over with those you represent?
So does that mean you are going to fight to allow refugees a place of safety in our country? #hypocrisy
The only inactivity has been on the part of the #RepublicanCongress
@sendavidperdue Georgia will not tolerate you choosing Party affiliation, corp donors, & special interests over what's best for us.
But opposes asylum for Syrian refugees? You're an embarassement.
We are brave enough to launch $90 million of missiles. We're too scared of terrorists to bring in refugees.
I respect your work still, so don't buy into his political-wagging, to hide from the Russian scandal, buy waving a war'ish red flag at us.
I guess you forgot Donald said senate approval was required when Obama asked congress to sanction it and republicans blocked it.  Disgrace
We can't wait to vote you and your hypocrisy out of office.
Mark my words: Overthrowing Assad is a gift to ISIS.
Libs compare Trump to Hitler , yet Obama didn't do anything to stop the Syrian Holocaust. Trump is .
Not having a TOWN HALL will NOT be tolerated.
Oh please! You bunch of hypocrites! You're willing to send a bomb but you won't allow the ppl to flee and come to the USA
Especially if you continue to defend #45!
And just when are you up for reelection? Look what's happening in our 6th district. I have a feeling Georgia will be going democratic.
These and more are what we want answers to and more.
$30 million dollars to destroy a few airplanes. The runways are left intact. Those planes can be replaced tomorrow.
Did Trump himself not say the same if Obama had sent out a strike? Why did the Russians shoot our missiles down. They were in range.
What makes you so sure this was nothing more than a stunt to increase his ratings.
Why do you continually suck up to Trump and his ridiculous policies. Are you so blinded by you party that you can't see the damage to the US

Then you should vote to authorize use of force
We turn their fleeing refugees away from our door. Inhumanity? It's simply degree of separation. smh
I do not support the attack on Syria. It just doesn't feel right. Ignore #SenJohnMcCain and #SenLindseyGraham = #Warmongers
Answer your colleague .
You're a hypocrite. Trump acted without Congressional authorization. Have you actually read the Constitution? It may help clear up a lot.
Every time I think you can't sink any lower, you manage to prove me wrong. How do we impeach you?
Before you take swipes at Obama for "Doing nothing", remind yourself why. You!
The rebels did this. You work for America not Syria. Come out of the UN NWO and fix America
This was in the AJC: Air Force One headed to Palm Beach...The missile strikes began a few hours later as Trump dined with Xi at Mar-a-Lago.
"Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!"- DJT
I don't see much action from you Senator!  When will you hold a town hall meeting in Atlanta for your constituents?
How many more innocent Syrians are you willing to have as collateral damage to achieve your mission?
What is the US interest in Syria? Who is the enemy? What is the objective?
When was the investigation that determined Assad did this?? Like the WMD in Iraq. We are not falling for it.
U.S. has killed thousands of innocent civilians in Syria, and we are not at war with Syria. Just STOP IT!!
Excellent news! On to Darfur next?
Trump has taken action too quickly. Trump should have asked for congressional approval as Obama did in 2013.
Huh. McMaster just confirmed this strike won't prevent Assad from carrying out future attacks. But we definitely showed him. Bigly. 
On Sept 10, 2013, military intervention was averted when Syria accepted deal to turn over "every single bit" of chemical weapons."
Check Wikipedia, this statement about Obama is false. You should quote history correctly.
@POTUS Okay, but if we're getting into this, what's the plan after Assad's gone? Power-vacuums are incredibly volatile.
you tolerated it in 2013 when Obama actually asked congress for approval for action. Also, how you feel about refugees?
This must be a "choose your own adventure "  endorsement. And why can't you stand by your "decision" w/o bringing up what the last guy did?
I agree chem weapons are awful. But I don't trust POTUS.  In times like this, trust matters. His concern for innocents has zero credibility.
Does this mean you will support an intake of refugees from Syria as well as military action?
Stop. Just stop. Stop making excuses for the irrational man-baby in the White House. No consistent policy puts US troops in harms way. SHAME
POTUS was so compassionate that he stopped already vetted Syrian refugees from coming to safety HERE. IN GEORGIA.
Dear David, Your fervent support of an act of war against a country that hasn't hurt us is thoroughly disgusting. #Shame
The US military is to protect the lives and property of US citizens, not to be beat cops on every corner of the globe.
Oh good, does this mean you are in favor of accepting Syrian refugees?
Don't get carried away. Just a boost in poll numbers. That's all
As your constituent, I am profoundly disturbed by your blind allegiance to the con man in the WH and I look forward to voting you out.
Hypocrite!!!
He perpetrated an Act of WAR against another country w/o congressional approval! That is RIDICULOUS, but you're OK w/ it???
I can't wait until your reelection
Then why did @GOP deny the same strategy when Obama proposed it in 2013??? Yet another hypocritical statement from you Senator.
Your rubber stamp of Trump policy is an embarrassment to our state.
What's your position on the refugee ban? #dontbeahypocrite 
Oh please, your useless words are cold comfort.
Will you vote for war in Syria within 60 days then?

Yet you won't let them into our country! Just think of those poor babies!
#NewSherriff Hope the world gets a clear message to not mess with innocent citizens!
