I am so grateful rat bastid #Izlamathug @BarackObama was too evil to present this honor to this brave soldier
Hero!! 
So you have a 5 time draft dodger awarding such an honored medal to a hero. Yikes. I bet McCloughan was ashamed. His friends died, Trump ran
Trump didnt dodge draft, nice try. However it is FACT, RAPIST Bill Clinton did, twice.
If you're going to favor immigrants with degrees, you'd better start making sure that our children get a higher education.
Coward @POTUS used a fake illness to dodge the draft.
Will he burst into flames touching the Medal of Honor? You might want to check, wouldn't THAT be embarrassing?
Thankful we are back to a President who awards medals to people who earned them. Congratulations. You have waited far too long. Well Done

More fake News.
Spec 5 James C. McCloughan. About time you were recog used for your bravery.  Thanks for your service.  A Vietnam Veteran

No bone spur there
No trick knee or flat feet, but those kept some out of serving,too! Be careful of voicing wrong data.It may add to more karma for you.
So in other words people coming here have a better chance if they have wealth.  This is why
What cahones this guy has. He isn't even worthy to bestow this honor on this vet. Pathetic
Thank you David.
trump comes on my tv it gets turned off!!!
WONDERFUL........THANK YOU J.C. McCLOUGHAN !!!!!
God bless them all.
TYSVM @POTUS
Everything under control captain
The Titanic is unsinkable and no ice in the North Atlantic-
I honor all heroes but i disagree with people taking that Heroes for there personal sucess
I feel sorry that Specialist Five James C. McCloughan, has to receive this honor from the hands of someone as dishonorable as Trump.
Tarnished because the worst potus in history gave it to him SAD
Spare me the ridiculous spectacle of the fallen arches Arsehole-in-Chief sucking up to the military with consummate hypocrisy!
Desire to watch!
How embarrassing for him, being a draft dodger and all
The only thing I'll watch Trump do is walk out of our White House in cuffs.
I avoid seeing trump as much as possible. He is vomit-inducing.

I thought Ivanka awarded it to him, she was in the pictures
Please.  Just stop.
The words Trump and honor should NEVER  be in the same sentence.
Will he be giving one to Putin?
Crook.
Trump you did Something Right !!!  wow
If I won the Medal of Honor, I would refuse it from Trump, and say, "I'll wait for a #realpresident".
An award never more deserving! Congrats James! What a man!! Thank You 4 your Svc, & 4 knowing "your honor is more important than your life".
I listen on the radio. What I really want to know is why it to so long to give this guy the Medal of Honor I'd give him 1 medal per day (3)!
Great Honor.
Draft dodging Prez should have Gen. Mattis do the honors!!!!
Trump, please don't make the stupid liberals right! Don't give them more fake news to write !!!

"THANK YOU"!!!!!!!!!!
OBAMA hated the military and Vets. He valued Dictatorships.
SEMPER PARATUS SEMPER GUMBY SEMPER FI FOR OUR GREAT PRESIDENT DJTRUMP AND OUR NATION 
I'm crying like a baby! It's about time we honored our Viet Nam vets were honored!
msn

Too bad he has to receive it from a Vietnam Draft Dodger.
We thank you for your heroic service James C. McCloughan 
http://ir.net/news/politics/126409/report-12-year-old-trump-rape-victim-maria-alive-talking/ …
Does he give out candy to young girls,
And I thought Russia gate was bad. I would jave 45 bend over for Putytang
Then rape a 12 year old girl
Glad this vet is being honored.   True American hero.   Sad 5 time draft dodging Donnie is handing it out.
Will he trash this guy in days to come? Like he does to most other people? Well, not his daughter/wife

Thank You President Trump for recognizing those who have sacrificed and served this Great country!
If I was one of those servicemen..i'd decline a medal from Trump. He weazled out of service. He has no clue of meaning or belonging.
White House office door nameplates are dry erase boards?
Wonderful presentation 
I will not!  Such a dishonorable man as DT has no business bestowing a Medal of Honor on anyone!
I have the utmost respect for this medic. Hard to watch Trump pretend he is a patriot after what he said about Sen McCain's military service
A draft dodger giving the medal of Honor to a veteran is a slap in the face to all soldiers past, present and future!


I wish I could, he deserves the honor. Sadly, our President has made a mockery of these occasions & i can't tolerate his disrespect.
I cried my eyes out. Please Mr. @POTUS I voted for a peacemaker.  NO WARS with China, Russia, or anyone other than ISIS and radical Islam.
There is no safety in holding a big stick if those that wish you harm don't believe you will use it.
They don't want to hurt us. It's a choice to bend to the will of warmongers - - pushing us into illegal, immoral, unnecessary wars.
When we stop projecting force, others step into that void. Their goals are not peaceful. We must lead or be forced to follow.I'd rather lead
Projecting force and illegal, immoral, unnecessary wars are two different things.
If you show the world you eager to fight, they will back down if you show them you are unwilling, they will be aggressive.
Exactly. No kidding.  That's different than say... LIBYA.  There was no reason for that or any: Illegal, immoral, unnecessary wars.
McCloughan shouldn't accept medal while he fought in Vietnam DRAFT DODGER @realDonaldTrump lie about leg injury but well enough 2play Rugby?
Oh how nice to get your medal from the draft dodger and chief...congratulations.
Trump loves a show. He enjoys photo ops that are staged like reality TV, parading out our heroes while accomplishing nothing that helps them
Very proud of medic who showed great courage in helping his comrades.  Not so proud of the man who presented the medal who dodged the draft!

I wouldn't except the award coming from him..
I bet they wish it was a real prez.
Can he decline the pussy grabber in chief giving him his award? 
So that was offensive to you? Me too when "the commander" said it!
If I were Specialist McCloughan, I'd ask for Medal of Honor be FedEx'ex so potus wouldn't have to give it. BTW, thank you for ur service.
but trump hasnt even acknowledged these poor Americans massacred veterans never mind honor >>>
since you remembering, what about 
Learned something new today. You don't need to have Honor to Present the Medal Of Honor. Hmm. Who knew?
Watching live as Trump's daily dose of chaos brings us even closer to total meltdown. Scaramucci is out so fast. Time for Trump to abdicate!
Trump is nothing but a DRAFT DODGING COWARD who doesn't even deserve to be in the same room with HEROES.
#HERO 
Great heroism!  What stumps me is why did it take so long to give him this honor?  48 years? C'mon!
Scaramucci resigns after 10 days. I love this country but I am ashamed of our @POTUS & @VP. Wake up and realize that they need to go! #USA
Better than Obama awarding movie stars and himself medals! What have YOU done for this country except tweet obscenities!
EXCLUSIVE: Kelly called Comey to express anger over firing, sources say.
Why did he have to wait 48-yrs to be recognized!
That being said Jim is a true PBA. Private Badass.
Are we placing bets on how many gaffes he'll make? Will he say he wants a Medal of Honor, too? Will he tell us how many EC votes he got?
Is @POTUS giving himself a purple heart?
Will he stroke out? Will he fire Sessions? Will he bang Ivanka while Jared watches? Stay tuned to this weeks WH Shitstorm. *grabs popcorn*
Suggestion Box: 
Lower the bar for Donald-The-Incompetent.
Turn #MAGA TO #LHTH (Learn How To Hire) 
Let's see if DR can keep a new hire
The draft dodger should be ashamed of himself.
God bless McCloughan and President Trump
"it's been 48 years since I dodged the Vietnam War draft," would be more honest than anything Trump is now saying.

He hasn't served. Five deferments.
@realDonaldTrump @flotus Congratulations #Specialist5MCCloughn
Thank you very much for your service to our country..God bless
#MedalofHonor

Finally, truly Presidential moments from Donald Trump, #MedalOfHonor #USArmy #DocMcCloughan
Q. Why did it take until 2017 for this man to be awarded the #MedalofHonor ?
I just posted something very similar. I don't get it either. He should have had that decades ago.
Please learn to put some expression into your mono dull TelePrompTer reading.
These heros don't need a safe space. They ARE the safe space!
Great job!!!
HAHAHAHA - SOMEONE / ANYONE TEACH THE MAD HOW TO READ!!! DAMN EMBARRASSING!!!
It's sad that we've gotten to a point where even when Trump is telling a true story about a vet you hesitate for a moment to wonder if true
Why? He is the 1 person  I wld trust w/my life if it was necessary. He wld b there when others tuck tail & run when thgs get rough.
The law of averages dictates someone would have to be dumb enough to.Afterall, History's worst never did it alone, they were very convincing
Jim Mccloughan - thank you for your service. Chaplain - thank you for your prayer.
Sickening to listen to hypocrite @realDonaldTrump awarding #MedalOfHonor today knowing this Commander in Chief was a cowardly draft dodger!
Fantastic timing. You made sure this would be at the bottom of the news pile by announcing the firing of @Scaramucci an hour ago..
MOH citations are always a good read. Gonna have to look his up.

He is a true hero!    God bless you, Jim.  I am in awe of you.
Thank you.  It was a touching ceremony.  He is one of our greatest heroes.
Too bad James McCloughan has to endure receiving the Medal of Honor from a guy that knows nothing of selflessness.
Wonder if this makes @POTUS regret dodging the draft. He's not fit to talk about this hero... who was drafted.
God bless you The White House Team Hope you're having Wonderful evening everyone. 
Can we watch live the firing of #Mooch @Scaramucci?
@realDonaldTrump OMG you're speech sounds like your talking to a group of first graders sitting on a carpet!
no one cares its being presented by a draft dodger
Issued by Draft dodger in chief...how nice. 
Watch live as the struggling @POTUS attempts to read & inject some painful 2 hear ad libs, droning on & on, sounding like a complete idiot.
Id rather watch live as he tells the Mooch "YOU"RE FIRED"  buwhaha. That didn't take long.
Thank you James for your service. I was also a Vietnam Vet Medic in Phu Bai. CONGRATULATIONS on a well deserved Medal of Honor.
Thus far, America's Vietnam Veterans had been treated disgracefully. Totally unfair; Many draftees served under horrific 'no-win' conditions
Will @realdonaldtrump comment on @scaramucci firing?
Don't know. You tell us....
Nothing so far. Hope Trump's #dementia meds kick in. He doesn't remember what happened today.
He should give him two
Clown show, plain and simple.
God Bless you James C McCloughan  
When are you guys going to post "Watch Live! the sham that is WH."
Former Specialist 5 Jim McCloughan, It's about time you are recognized for your heroism. Thank you for your service!
Congratulations Jim. God bless you and Thank You for Serving!Sad America does not have a legit Commander in Chief to award Medal of Honor!

Amazing how there's nothing but white people and one Afro American in the audience!  Shows what a racist trump is! Pathetic!
Watch the clown awarding heroes
Should make a new trump era version of medal with image of Bannon sucking his own wang
Is he going to take it back after 10 days?
Beautiful ceremony
Why did it take almost 50 yrs to give him this Medal of Honor? SAD
And asskisser mucus @Scaramucci firing

The family crest on his hat isn't even fr his family, he swiped it fr the previous owners of his Mar a largo estate Joseph E Davies.. Sad!

And trumps draft dodging!
Is this the same lib site whose poll had HRC 322 and POTUS 216 electoral votes just 24 hrs before election?
Hope the first lady attends or she to busy doing nothing
Can you guys just do one thing right?

tell the mooch he was entertaining for those 11 days, okay?
Where did you find this? lol
He's just been giving out medals and firing folks left and right
I self serve frozen yogurt 
..!!
The insistence that @realDonaldTrump has "record breaking crowds." 

#ThingsThatLastedLongerThanTheMooch
