Bull.  He has done some things good.  AND others are really bad, pushing the AHCA, for one.
Unfortunately his ideas will leave the air unbreathable our water poisoned our beautiful landscape fouled w/ oil trash abandoned equipment
Great job following the Manchuria spewing his crap. He's losing in courts now for his bad business deals. #DoYourJob
"CEO confidence is up. Why is that?" you posed. BECAUSE THEY KNOW YOU ARE ABOUT TO HOOK THEM UP AT THE EXPENSE OF YOUR CONSTITUENTS #sellout
I guess pure evil just runs in the family @sendavidperdue @SecretarySonny
Not only do you want to destroy our environment, but you don't give a damn about our children's nutrition
I can't believe the tweets this guy sends out.
POTUS demanded Argentina cancel major award to Jimmie Carter, prob. due to Trump's jealousy. Are you OK with this, David?
the emperor has no clothes.
Went to your web site.  All Potus and Americana.  What have you done? What are you doing?  No answers?  Going broad.
Tell me what you are doing to make it happen.  Terribly disappointed with the substance on your 140 character.
He can't even bring Republicans together! Signing dozens of Executive Orders unilaterally is not leadership.
Yes and somehow Don still blames "Dems".He's the quentessential the buck always stops somewhere else.
Are you frickin' kidding me?  He's done nothing but kiss corporate ass and you're kissing his!  SHAME ON YOU!!
BIG LETTERS ON A BACKGROUND don't make the statement true.
What in the world ? What reality are you living in????
I mean, he's done nothing that would help our economy all he's done is play golf so yeah, more caddy work I guess? #TryHarder
High confidence just shows that you convinced them the economy would do better, but the actual result was the slowest in 3 years. Nice ruse.
We've all had a lot of fun here on Twitter, but let's get serious for a moment. Do you really believe this on a factual level?
are you kidding me?!? POTUS is a complete failure.
Pants on fire! Q1 job growth lowest in decades & Easy D overstates growth like he did inauguration crowds. Ur either lying or plain dumb 
Boo, You might wanna meet with Georgians before you claim we have confidence in you or the economy. Tax plan sucks.
We have zero confidence in a Senator who supports a Grifter and is in the pocket of large corporations.
Trying to figure this out... Bovine Excrement? Is that clean enough for tender senatorial ears?
When is your next town hall?  Remember the people who put you in office??
You see this thread, Senator?
These are not paid sockpuppets.
These are messages from your constituency.
I hope you're paying attention.
This tweet didn't age well. Trump bump gone, and confidence in America down with the Trump staff scandals. Hope he doesn't get impeached..
It's hard to imagine having so little regard for yourself that you have to suck up to @realDonaldTrump. Sad!
President Trump is best thing that has happened 2America in a long time. We hope Republicans will compromise &work together 2 make History
Leadership? Out of touch much? He just said he stands by nothing.?Just http://crazy.You  are on wrong size of history
The budget appears to be a total sellout to the Dems.
The economy is growing on paper only.  Trump doesn't have a legitimate plan for ANYTHING!  Supporting him is ridiculous.  #VoteBlueUSA
What do you know about leadership? You're afraid of your own constituents! #MissingDavidPerdue #TownHall
Your constituents know that we want an EFFING TOWN HALL!!
He is only the President to the few and the rest of us are left out. Really!!!
Yay!! .7% growth!!! #SoMuchWinning
Our economy grew by .7 percent last quarter. You really are drinking the KoolAid huh?
You're right he doesn't care about anything else. Like people, or the planet, or decency, or civility.
LMAO. Yeah, the guy with multiple bankruptcies & a school that was an outright fraud. He is a TERRIBLE business man.
Lies.. Will you ever put God & country ahead of Party. He has no idea what he's doing...and here you are, instead of standing for America
We already had confidence in the economy. We don't have confidence in him.
And behold the Emperor has new clothes! @GOP = Greed Over People and its showing #Trumprussia #Russiagate #resist #failure
https://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-gdp-rose-0-7-in-first-quarter-1493382900 …
US GDP growth  **slowed** Jan-Mar. Stop with the #AlternativeFacts
You've GOT to be kidding me.
Hey, man. Any of us who are reasonable, not ignorant people (ie most people) know this is a blatant lie. You own this mess, all of it. Shame
not all #GAvoters are buying this bs. #USAoverGOP
Lowest approval rating does not equal high confidence.  When can I vote him and you out of office?
I reckon that's the press release the the WH wrote for you to publish, well done senator or should I say отлично сработано
might want to fact check this statement. I'll give you a hint, it's a false statement.
being a leader is holding town halls with your constituents..obviously you aren't a leader!
Perhaps you should ask the citizens of the district you represent for their thoughts, maybe in a townhall or something? #flipthe6th
He reps the entire state, not just one district
Omg! Im so glad you're ok. Have you been hiding? Can you meet with your constituents now? We don't agree with the rhetoric of 45 & his gang.
Even Fox News says economic growth this quarter is the lowest in years. http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/04/28/us-economic-growth-weakened-to-07-percent-in-first-quarter.html …
If you're gonna lie, at least lie well. 
ahhhmm. Are you sure he is up for the job? "This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier." #MAGA?
did your parents not teach you that lying was bad?
Then why do the last 3 months show slowest job growth in the last 48 months?
No it's have no regulations so the rich get richer, give huge tax breaks to the rich while increasing middle class taxes,and no healthcare
#fakewinning
2 blatant lies that will be retweeted when you are up for election.
Yeah right! That's why job growth is the slowest in over 3 yrs. What other  are you peddling?
Job one is to get economy growing again? Really? I disagree!
I cannot believe how far removed from reality either of you are. BIGLY. SAD.
What koolaid are you drinking?! He hasn't done shit for the economy. Smallest economic growth in 3 years. #resist
Um "economy" is not part of @POTUS oath of office but "constitution" is however . Which do you think is more important? #SMH
Doing.
Can u tell me how taking credit for others work and signing EOs WITHOUT LEGISLATION is leading? Saying ur gonna do something is not same as
Sen Perdue you need to get sharia law out of Georgia. It has no place here. My friends daughter was beat to death . Sharia promotes it.
How'd you feel about that "mob like" shake down of our staunch allies S Korea the other day? Great leadership if you like Tony Soprano.
The economy improved under Obama after Bush's recession. Can you just be realistic please?
actually no
Why won't the GOP and POTUS keep their promise to repeal Obamacare?
...And conveniently ignoring that the economy WAS in three toilet when Dubya left Washington.
Predicated on the republican lie that the economy was in shambles when Trump took office,
I'm beyond sick of your lies
#alternativefacts
Everyone else knows how important protecting our environment is.
Expect a strong challenge when re-running for the Senate.
His leadership skills match yours-zero.
And both have proven they can be bought.
Right, with 0.7% growth. Please hold a town hall with us voters here in Ga. and don't repeal ACA, make it better.
Big bubble dude. Once we see the real plans, stuff crashes.
HYPOCRITE!  Thanks to @barrackobama, @POTUS inherited a very robust economy in spite of GOP obstruction.  TELL THE  TRUTH!
Alternative facts Senator Perdue. Get a clue.

Great leadership!
Have you been drinking? This is the biggest load of crap you've tweeted. He's screwing over GA's working class & poor or do they not count?
Sooo, the GDP growth was .07. Admit it, he's the Fyre Fest of DC He should admit he's in over his head and give the American people a refund
A refund and a hope
you're a party hack
Leadership?  Pure failure. However his election has caused me to question  who you are and how ineffective you are for the state of GA
For real. He only resurfaces for campaign ads.
You rarely say things that are outright false but this is one of them. 

You are lying and should retract this.
http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/us-economic-growth-weakened-07-percent-quarter-47079844 …  Confidence man.
Sure none of that has to do with Obama.
