I'm a constituent & former refugee, now a citizen. I'm troubled by your stance on this issue, which is hurtful & wrong
I think you should see the big picture.  Are we Americans or Racists?
You KNOW that over 90% of terror attacks here in last 10 years were from NON-MUSLIMS This is Racissm You are a racist
Thank you for your response. I hope that there will be policy in the future for you to redeem this error in judgment
From the self admitted #altfact administration? Liar
implementation was terrible and you weren't at Hartsfield to help legal US residents who were being held pathetic
no, and you clearly haven't seen the data. Zero threats from those countries. You lie.
Finally you come out of hiding with the WRONG answer.
That's pretty much his modus operandi at this point.
We need to change that!
Nonsense! It's racist and if you are on Trump's side on this, he'll take you down with him. #GOPRacists
Please do not feed your constituents, like me, hollow lies. You're stance will be noted. #gavoter
Love the special emphasis on temporary instead of ban as @ Potus said. What a difference.
Bullshit! You are lying, this does very little to address it.what it does is impact many innocent. #resist #liar
Even Trump said going to war with a Muslim country caused ISIS because when you attack people they get mad!
This constituent just donated to @theIRC in response to your immoral #muslimban support & disregard for your voters.
right on!  I signed up for volunteer activities!

and Sean Spicer are both calling it a BAN. Let's say what it really is.
how many terrorist attacks have been initiated by people from these countries???? ZERO.  #nomuslimban
No excuse for abandoning refugees or for >50% reduction in refugees accepted. Electorate & history won't forget.
Please visit your constituents in Clarkston, #GA & you will see how wrong you are. You're an embarrassment to #Georgia
Terrible, terrible idea. Mr. Perdue you are extremely disappointing.
You have a choice here to stand against tyranny and be a hero or a partisan sheep destroying America
Unlawful ban.Shame on you.Written by vile Nazi supporters #SteveBannon #StephenMiller unAmerican & unChristian
Bullshit. Stop the fearmongering. And be on the right side of history by stopping Trump and #presidentbannon
No, Senator, it deals with political theater. But some of the extras will die. Cruel and amoral.
is there an imminent threat we are unaware of? If no this is based on fear not fact.
if it directly deals with terror threats, when will it start dealing with right wing extremists?
are there threats? Cuz there is no evidence of foreign refugees in America committing a terrorist act EVER. The system works
Ban action very poorly implemented. Also why is Bannon on NSC and JSoC and DNI not? Plse stand up for US military !
so what steps are you taking to protect Americans from white supremacists? considering they are the more likely threat.
what threats? Why isn't Saudi Arabia on the list? Afghanistan? Pakistan?
I believe this action will make Americans LESS safe. What a great recruiting tool for ISIS.
you ain't fooling no one, we all know that the travel ban will/is making the US and the world more unsafe
and now he has emboldened home-grown terrorists with his declaration. Way to go. IMPEACH @IMPL0RABLE
You realize @POTUS is proving the terrorists right? The recruit saying "America hates Muslims" and this only helps them.
constituency - please change your position or I will lead the movement to vote you out of office. (3/3)
of the countries included in the ban since 1975. This is pure racism. Your view point does not represent your (2/3)
Your position is EXTREMELY disappointing & based in falsehoods. There has not been a terrorist attack from any (1/3)
2-current dishonesty is not a desirable trait in an already historically tainted atty gen candidate
1-Sessions has lied on his application, taking credit for civil rights cases upon which he did no work, but sign
Why would you strongly support an action that goes against America's core values? The blind are leading the blind.
1-pretend prior POTUS did nothing (blame), 2-use prior POTUS' list as a basis for this action (from vapor?)
Senator Perdue. You know this is against the Constitution. Congress shall make no law and you are going to allow this
shame on you! #nomuslinban #reugeesarewelcomehere the blood of refugees being turned away is on your hands!
terrorists dont submit themselves to several years of government investigation before coming to the US. Morons
My Jewish immigrant family would have died in WW2 if America hadn't taken us in. #saverefugees
then where is Saudi Arabia & Russia - AKA countries terrorists who actually committed terrorism on US soil came from
This constituent just UPPED my monthly donation to @ACLU & joined latest GA Indivisible group. NO #MuslimBan
Great statement. Now it's time to finish approving cabinet so there is leadership for such policies. -GA resident
we'll remember your lack of conscience on election day. You know those refugees and immigrants have been thoroughly vetted
this is Wrong!!! Doesn't keep us safe! Bigotry! #gavoter
this ban is WRONG and shameful Un-American
Deny Jeff Sessions the power to destroy this country
We will ensure your constituents are reminded at every event that you supported Trump and his lies. #MuslimBan
I expect you to hold your Party responsible for policies and the way they are executed. This could not be more poorly done.
As one of your voting constituents, and a Christian, I am so disappointed in your response. This is cruel and unnecessary.
I am a GA voter who is appalled by @POTUS ‘s EO and your support of it. This is simply unAmerican.
The ban in Syrian refugees is not temporary. They are banned indefinitely. You just lost my vote. #MuslimBan #wewelcomerefugees
Our new @POTUS is enforcing current law sec 8, US code 1182 allows suspension of entry by a POTUS
Keep telling yourself this is about refugees. It's about a religion different from yours and you know it.
I'm a GA voter, and I respectfully disagree, sir.
Mr. Perdue. We are watching you. Expect us to fight against your next election. Pathetic
senator Perdue, get out of Trumps pocket and do what's right!
I have children in this country, I'd rather they not be drafted because of the shit our politics start!
you are supposed to represent we the people! Your best interest in supposed to be for us! Where are your balls!
You are a coward and an embarrassment to our great state.
Do your homework! NYT, WSJ, FT and Economist ALL report no terrorist attacks attributable to countries under ban.
So disappointed. Just curious, where is the line for you with this President? Is there one where you would not cross?

so clear that we have no representation that listens to the actual voters!
if that was the case, why isn't Saudia Arabia on this list? This has nothing to do w terrorism... @POTUS has alt motives.
No... it's completely not fact based. How many refugees, people trying to escape terrorism, have been terrorists?
it's sad that you actually support this. At least I know who I SHOULDN'T vote for when you run for re-election.
find out in 2020 how your actions now will be viewed- you reap what you sow
weak and disappointing. Georgia is changing, Sen Perdue. My county, COBB effin County, voted for HRC. Don't worry, you'll
Im in your district. expect more phone calls. #StandUpToTrump #ImpeachTrump

2. Republican @sendavidperdue praises Sally Yates for going after violent drug cartels, gangs, sex traffickers. Trump called her "very weak" 
I am your constituent. Your support for a potus who has CREATED chaos and confusion has been noted. #Trumpagandist
Your statement is filled with lies.
No... It emboldens terrorists. I see you're putting party over country. You will regret standing by a dictator.
At Sally Yates' confirmation hearing in '15, you praised her as a great legal mind. Will you not defer to her judgment here?
. If this is a safeguard against terrorism why was Turkey, Packistan, Belgium, & Palestine not on the list.
Now that I know where you stand I will work very hard in Georgia  to make sure you don't serve another term.
The people are not going away. We reject @realDonaldTrump 's bigotry & racism. #NoBanNoWall
@realDonaldTrump lost the popular vote by almost 3 million. He has no mandate. He must govern with the people in mind
@realDonaldTrump is an illegitimate president who won based on Russian interference and FBI violation of Hatch Act
Please don't defend your actions with hypocritical piety. If you quote scripture, I will say your words are hollow.
Mr. Perdue, you do not represent American values or the values of peaceful, fair-minded Georgians.
As my representative in the Senate, I will never forget your support of an unconstitutional religious ban.
11. Yet you, Mr. Perdue, advance Trump's lie that his Muslim ban is for the safety of Americans. This is false!
10. for Trump's involvement with Russia. He should be impeached for violating the Constitution.
9. Is it because Trump owns properties in these countries? Trump must release his taxes. He must be investigated
8. Why didn't Trump ban travel from Saudi Arabia, EAE, or Egypt? Jihadists from these countries have killed Americans
7. Trump and #PresidentBannon are sowing chaos. They're looking for a way to impose martial law.
6. More terrorists. They will say, "Look, this is a war against Islam, a war against Muslims." So why the EO?
5. is not stupid. We know that this Muslim ban will not keep us safer. Jihadists will use this ban to recruit
4. that you do unto me." Christians should show compassion, love their neighbor as themselves. The American public
3. Refugees are among the planet's most vulnerable. Christ says, "Whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers
2. No US citizens have been killed by jihadists from Syria.
1. This EO is in essence a Muslim ban. No US citizens have been killed by jihadists from these 7 countries
the senate needs to ask Sessionsmore questions  about the independence of the Justice Department.
Extremely disappointed in your stance on the #MuslimBan. Not the answer!
the refugees are heavily vetted, unlike Bannon who is the real danger to our country.
problem is this will make us no safer, instead puts us at risk with Muslims we need for intel and stability in region
.@sendavidperdue Shame on you, putting politics before people. Blocking visa & greencard holders is pointless. Be honest: it's a #MuslimBan
stop spreading lies. You are embarrassing your constituents.
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS no terrorist attack on US soil by anyone from banned nations in DECADES. How does ban help, exactly? #NoBanNoWall
this is Not who we are as Americans. VERY disappointed that you support blindly.  #IAmAVoter #ExtremePoorPlanning
You had the option to show southern hospitality to those who need it most, this is your response, fear mongering propoganda
this is unconstitutional bigoted and wrong and you know it. I implore you to listen to your constituency & stop this
why aren't you concerned with Georgians   Not some alternative invasion of isis terrorist
now you know that's not true   U should be concerned about GAians  not some ally
Sad to see you didn't show the wisdom that @SenatorIsakson did questioning the #muslimban
Have fun being funemployed in 2 years. You stand for everything your constituents stand against. #bye
I'm so disappointed you are unwilling to stand up for what's right. Expect a call from me tmw but not a vote next election.
Your constituents do not agree with this! You can't ignore us anymore. History will remember this!
the #muslimban is unconstitutional! Quit regurgitating Trump's lies & rhetoric.
I called today, but my call was cut short.  Please reconsider your position.  Your views aren't aligning with those you represent
does this mean you agree & support @POTUS #muslimBan
how do you respond to the fact that Trump has conflict of interests? Or that Christians will be prioritized?
this is appalling. please do better
#SHAMEFUL you fail to mention the indefinite ban on Syrians, abandoning the most dire humanitarian crisis today. #GAvoter
disappointed to be ur constituent. This is immoral and unethical. Get on the right side of history. #readyfor2020
please do the right thing. Refugees are vetted for >2 yrs b4 they come, what could you find differently in 3 addl months?
actually, countries w terror ties like Saudi Arabia are exempt bc Trump has business ties #refugeeswelcome
sorry Mr. Perdue. I disagree. His ban on Muslims is unconstitutional and driven purely by politics and pandering
The President of the United States should not allow sheer chaos, and potential harm to the United States
The unconstitutionality of it aside, Trump has shown that he does not have the ability to be the president.
I disagree with your position, but thank you for communicating with your constituents. @SenatorIsakson could learn from you
Your constituents are going to make your job very miserable. I am one of them. I can not wait.
This constituent is very disappointed in your statement today. Please reconsider this poorly executed Islamophobia!
What about the Sigma Kappa at MIT who can't get back to school?
terrible and wholly un-Christian.
Senator, you are misinformed. There was no interagency review & no imminent threat. Rise up agt. overreach. GA voter.
oh no you didn't. This is nothing but racism.
I am with the other Ga voters, waiting to see your stance. Wrong choice, voters will be coming after you.
Do not lie to this voter! Do the right thing and work to get rid of that EO!
way to go. More fuel for ISIS. And more torture for refugees. Yay, you did it. 
WRONG
Disappointed in your response. This EO isn't compassionate; means to cause chaos/normalize fear. Prioritize ppl over party.
There were more victims of domestic violence than domestic terrorism since/including 9/11. What r u going to do about that?
Refugees in US r most patriotic, hard-working, grateful citizens you'll ever meet. Shame on you. We'll vote u out.
we would have loved to see you at the airport yesterday. you need to raise your voice against this injustice.
no sir.  this is a ban on muslims from entering USA. POTUS said it himself that he will exempt non-muslims.
This action only hurts refugees. Refugees are thoroughly vetted by multiple govt agencies. Refugees are not a threat.
discrimination is the word..u will probably vote for Betsy DeVos ..if u are up for relection we willl see u at the polls
senator, your constituents disagree and we are sending you direct evidence of it. Pls listen to those you represent
Why were countries related to ISIS also with ties to businesses owned by Trump omitted from the ban?
Stand up for American values. Stand against this ban. From in-law, neighbor, friend of immigrants and refugees. #gavoter
this is. It what America stands for.  You will have a very hard time being reelected
the most un-american thing in my lifetime. Geneva refugee convention requires the intl community to take war refugees
As our representative you should represent all of your constituents.....No ban! No wall! No DALP!
So sad you broke your silence with the wrong reply #MuslimBan
The GOP has certainly deteriorated since the Reagan years. I guess there's a Georgia swamp that needs draining.
no it dies not. It breeds fear and insecurity. There are no crimes committed by these innocent people. #ImpeachTrump
Should I hope that you know the EO is not really about security? or that you just don't understand? Which is worse?
If you are concerned about security start doing something about the Ntl Security Council changes.  They are insane.
NO. This ban is counter to our american values AND our national security interests. shame on you.
and by the way, how about the rule of law? You ok with Pres Bannon's moves?
I'm so disappointed in both of you. The xenophobia you're encouraging is not representative of the US or GA.
I do appreciate that you finally released a statement though...
This is cowardice.
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS Your statement about refugees is wrong; they undergo extreme vetting (2+ years), made more stringent by Obama
and many many innocent people. GA voter here- GA is changing.
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS Refugees, permanent residents and legal visa holders have NOT been shown to be a terror threat.
wrong answer. Try again.
Also, do you even understand how hashtags work?
Your support of the refugee/immigrant ban will be remembered in 2020 and hope you will not be re-elected.
You are supporting an Ex Order that is putting us more at risk! I am more scared now than ever thanks to you!
Wrong! This was an act of religious profiling. You know it. It won't stand. Have some moral courage man!!
What terror threats??? Acts of terror inside US done by American citizens. Ban does not address this! Shame on you.
your actions are spineless and lack moral decency towards the human race. #GAvoter who will remember you come re-election.
the amount of responses you got from this shows what your constituents actually think of the executive order 
from 30328. Left you a VM today. Disappointed and disgusted in your lack of compassion and courage.
if the attorney general won't defend it why do you? #nomuslimban #standup
so why aren't countries that have actually produced terrorists like Saudi Arabia UAE not on the list?  #taxreturns
No it does not. Not a single 9/11 hijacker or perpetrators of terrorist acts in US came from countries covered by ban
You claim to be pro-life, what about the lives of refugees?
Did you know that toddlers with guns have killed more Americans since 911 than refugees?
why didn't include countries involved in 9/11? Because he has business dealings with them! I'm ashamed that u represent GA.
Are you going to criticize Trump's Muslim ban? Also the upcoming LGTBQ discrimination EO? Or is this your last term?
YOUR statement is BS. WE have vetting, which is WORKING. WE NEED MUSLIMS to continue fighting ISIS. UR TRUMPs ZOMBIE!
This tells us nothing about your thoughts, Senator. This is unacceptable and unconstitutional action from the @POTUS
very disappointed in your decision to support this ban, but at least it will probably keep your from getting re-elected
in no way directly deals w/ threats. If @realDonaldTrump worried abt terror he'd ban countries responsible for 9/11. No lie.
Shame on you! No real courage among GA Repubs to resist making policy based on fear.
GA voters will remember this. Enjoy your one term in office.
No. it's racism. You know it and I know it. Make GA proud; stand up against injustice
You're my elected sen and you're wrong on this. Listen to your constituents. GA welcome refugees, all extensively vetted.
