by the way, do you believe the press is the enemy of the American people?
It is too bad you don't have the same respect for the 1st Amdt and the backbone to protect it.
I don't want mentally unstable people buying guns! It's called common sense. You should try it some time
Will it take another #SandyHook to see this was a big mistake? Is it discrimination to not let blind people drive a car?
I'm confused. Didn't the #GOP say our country has a mental health problem? So why are letting the mentally ill have guns?
You could tell us all about it at a #townhall
why is it you keep speaking this trash? No overreach.  I am so disappointed to have you as my representative. Worthless.
This law specifically encompasses those who do not have the capacity to safely handle firearms.
I very much support the 2nd amendment, but to call it "blatant overreach" is not accurate.
@SenatorIsakson you are rearranging deck chairs on Titanic. Focus on real issue: Our President's relationship with Russia!
I vehemently believe in gun rights but the mentally ill???  How much money to you get from the NRA???  Shame on you!!
next major shooting will be on your hands & if it's in GA we WILL vote you OUT!  As a matter of fact let's just start now!
what about Mt reproductive rights?  Or is that an under reach? #ppact
Sure, put guns into hands of mentally ill. It works great... #JohnLennon #Reagan Does NRA give you more than @BetsyDeVos ?
Great attempt to deflect from the shitshow happening in Washington right now. Newsflash, Obama isn't president.
until someone I'll kills another group of people. Then you'll wonder, WHY?? #NOTAFAN
so mentally ill people should have gun access? Bring your ass to my job and tell that to the first person affected by this.
you supported a nonsense travel ban to "keep U.S. safe" How does allowing mentally ill easier access to guns keep us safe?
How about your attempt to limit law-abiding Americans from voting or having access to health care? #WeThePeople @sendavidperdue
Respectfully, this law was intended only for those with documented mental health issues, which everyone has said is imptant
, yeah, this is such a huge issue. 75,000 ill people can get guns. Meanwhile, we sink into fascism and you all fiddle away.
A fascist government would take away individual rights to own guns not ensure them.
call it what you like... This administration is authoritarian and the GOP is enabling their behavior. Guns are a side distraction.
Do you believe in the US Constitution as written and interpreted by the Courts or do you follow those parts that you agree.
That's right by God. Even mentally disabled people should have the right to own and AR-15
You have GA constituents that know the 2nd Amend is alive and well and no one is in danger of losing it. Stop the nonsense.
so ok for everyone to get a gun but won't investigate #treason #shameonyou You will not be reelected.
If you feel that is unfair, fine. Do not characterize it as something outlandish. Explain your side in detail.
SURE! Let's give the mentally ill guns! That always works out great for EVERYONE! 
2018.
Of course that never happened did it?
Nobody ever tried to take my gun. I agree, though, presidential overreach is a BIG problem. Maybe you should look into that.
mentally ill people don't need guns. Duh.
Quit hiding!! #townhall
This is a tired argument funded by the NRA. Majority of Americans feel the opposite.
"[law-abiding] citizens with mental health issues. How quickly your view would change if a family member were a victim. Sick
Boy please. Investigate Russian interference in our elections. Do you realize how childish you sound? Deal with the real!
.@sendavidperdue So you agree that dangerously mentally handicapped should freely have access to guns?  Good to know. 2018's coming.
my Mom's on disability because she's bipolar. She can't have driver's lic but she can own gun? She's attempted suicide 6 Xs!
look into Russia overreaching into American politics! Stand up for your country, coward.
How does this keep Americans safe?
How ill-conceived. But now keep govt from over-reaching into a woman's reproductive decisions. Support choice and PP.
if some mentally ill person shoots someone in your family you'll think twice before getting rid of this law! Stupid!
Keep it up, I'm begging you! Georgians are tired of this partisan pandering and we will vote you out of office!
your claim is devoid of factual grounds
Russian interference is the real problem. You are clueless.
We want sensible gun laws; My husband and sons have conceal carry. Reasonable gun laws PLEASE! #gawantssmartgunlaws
You are not representing the majority of Americans (and NRA members) who do not want do not fly or mentally ill getting guns
Senate votes to block rule meant to prevent people with mental disorders from purchasing guns. You are so out of touch-scary
Obama never took our guns. Now you want mentally ill people and terrorists to have guns. You are #notmysenator
why are you bringing up Obama when you have a major issue going on in the white house?Full bipartisan investigation Russia
when is your town hall? Why won't you schedule one?
GA wants to investigate Trump's ties with Russia. We want a Special Prosecutor
I can not believe this is what you are focusing on. You are going to lose my vote. Please listen to your constituents.
great to see you care about our Constitution. Now go enforce it by demanding an investigation into Trump's possible treason
Why aren't you concerned about Russian overreach? Rise up and above party lines and represent Georgia. You can be great.
Actually, I don't recall Obama "blatant overreach".  You lie David.  Talk about 2nd Amendment to shore up redneck base.
What about my right to not be shot by someone that's been adjudicated as a mentally ill?
Russia?  Hello?!  Do you even know what your constituents are concerned about?  #replaceperdue
Would suggest you get off twitter if you want to get reelected. This doesn't help when there are real issues in play.
2nd amendment rights and reasonable prohibitions for mental illness are NOT mutually exclusive.
Read @SCOTUS decision DC v Heller where they affirm both the 2nd amdt AND prohibitions on possession by mentally ill people
Shut up about Obama administration and focus on corruption in Trump administration. DO YOUR JOB!
Yes sir! Where does it say the Second Amendment doesn't apply to people with mental health issues? Nowhere, that's where!
would sure love to discuss this and other issues with you in a #TownHall and yet you won't schedule one...interesting.
Congrats! Everyone has equal rights to die in a mass shooting. Way to go, Senator!
Um, you guys were in control of congress for most of O's presidency. Hold a town hall.
So @sendavidperdue and @SenatorIsakson just proved they're being bought out my NRA. Why is THIS the battle you two chose to fight???
I disagree. Now, will you be having a town hall for ALL of your Georgia constituents when you're off on recess, Senator?
Vote No on H.J.Res. 40
You mean protecting individuals (who have been declared unable to handle the responsibility) as well as those around them?
I don't give two figs about guns. DO YOUR JOB and IMPEACH @realDonaldTrump
What abt Russia breaking the treaty? How they inflncd our election? Off our coast. Guess party over country is your motto?
Are you serious?  How many gun deaths this year?  #DOYOURJOB #TrumpImpeachmentParty #TreasonousTrump
How much have you received from the gun lobby?
Why are you wasting time on this? You have rep pres and sen. I have guns, but I'm more concerned with education and Ins.
these people are mentally handicapped. It's like giving a blind person a driver's license. Someone is going to die.
you voting against the interest of your constituents is much worse
So, you think the mentally ill should have guns? This is the wrong fight. Fight the right ones. Fight Trump.
I love how guns have more rights than refugees, women, and the LGBTQ community. Come on people, get your priorities straight
Get your head out of the sand. Stop getting rid of necessary regs on guns and start investigating admin's ties to Russia!
THIS is what you want to talk about today? Unreal.
You are so far out of touch it's sad. Your complicity with the president is speaking volumes. You will not be re-elected.
thank you senator. #MAGA
. @sendavidperdue but you're fine with @realDonaldTrump and his treasonous acts? OK. Got it. Now show up in GA and say this in a town hall.
& using the #2ndAmendment as a defense for selling assult weapons to violent criminals is disgusting & disgraceful! #
Have you known a dementia patient with guns, sir? Because I have & it was terrifying. Threatening family AND suicide.
Protecting us AND them from gun violence is a government's JOB & you are not doing it b/c of NRA money. Completely shameful.
Town Hall When? Senator
GOP priority: give severely mentally ill people access to firearms. @sendavidperdue Beyond sad.
I'm pretty sure gun restrictions for the mentally impaired is not a bad thing
I continue to be appalled by your apparent lack of interest in the views of your constituents.
he could care less he's a puppet
and putting guns in the hands of the mentally ill is a good idea? WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU?
Because getting a gun in this country is already *so hard*. Shame on you, @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson.
Obama Admin’s attempt to prohibit law-abiding Americans from exercising their 2nd Amdt rights is blatant overreach. http://www.perdue.senate.gov/news/press-releases/senators-isakson-perdue-vote-to-protect-second-amendment-rights … 
.@sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson  You think it’s ok to give access to guns to the mentally ill? How much blood will be on your hands?
do your darn job - Russia connections - investigate!
Liberals only understand rights when they are in their favor. But give rights to others and they freak.
so much anger. Haha
I'm glad you agree that presidential overreach is bad.  Since Obama was unsuccessful please fight against Trump too.
the only executive overreach I'm worried about right now are the poorly thought out or racist ones from the current prez
Stop lying! You voted to "BLOCK gun background checks for SS recipients deemed mentally incapable of managing own affairs."
Just make sure all his gov't cronies are gone, too.
Russians hacked our election, Flynn gets booted and all you have is letting mentally incompetent keep a gun? #GOP is nuts!
One among many.  Either @POTUS or congress need to do away with DACA. Soon.
This seems reasonable, but right now we're facing a crisis within the national security council. Please prioritize!
Shame on you @sendavidperdue we need to keep mentally incompetent people from getting guns. #DoYourJob
"well-regulated militia"
great to give severely mentally ill people access to firearms. Guess you can stop pretending now. #sandyhook @MomsDemand
how much did the NRA donate to your campaign?
Stop talking about Obama; his term is over. You should do things because they are right not bc you hated the administration
David Purdue is another one who could care less about what his constituents want or need!
How do you sleep at night?
