who wouldn't be inspired by #PresidentBannon praying for The Apprentice?
Please vote NO on Betsy DeVos. She is completely toxic for public education.
Vote NO on DeVos!
vote NO on DeVos and Sessions and Pruitt!!!
I was raised a Christian, and charity and love for our neighbors was strongly emphasized.
You "Christians" who want to take away health care from children and elderly and all people.  SHAME!
I am your constituent. Vote NO @BetsyDeVos
Great to finally get to talk about TV ratings! Jesus loved TV!
What TV show did you pray for? Andy Griffith?
I can feel your hand in my pocket taking money from my wallet.
I'm not inspired by the non-Christian agenda of my so-called christian brothers. Do you all truly believe in the judgment?
bowed heads in fervent prayer for Arnold Schwarzeneger, not the suffering refugees
@SenSchumer Remarks made Sen. Schumer's tears was distasteful,arrogant,underserved.Do you know anything about his past?
"blessed are the arrogant and wealthy "
Glad you all had time to pray for the Apprentice.
Hope you prayed for all the vulnerable refugees you've helped displace. So Godly of you.
And I hope you took an extra moment of silence for the slain soldiers and innocent victims of Trump's botched raid in Yemen.
Why are you against quality education for all American children? Vote "No" on @BetsyDeVos!
What did you think about praying for Arnold and TV ratings? It seems there are more worthy topics.
- did you pray for Arnold?
vote 'no' on DeVos!!!
Proverbs 6 These six things doth the Lord hate
A proud look, a lying tongue, and hands that shed innocent blood
What was inspiring about this?
Donald Trump prayed for Arnold Schwarzenegger and 'The Apprentice' ratings at the National Prayer Breakfast http://ti.me/2kuwRz9  
Trumps draft Religious Freedom EX discriminates against LGBT.  Praying you DO NOT support this hate.
How nice.Its been weeks,I've not heard from your office.What other TV shows did you pray for while Bannon/Trump destroys USA
You should go to the #upfronts more often.
what was inspiring? Watching Trump make an ass of himself yet again?
nice diversity
God helps those who help themselves. You were eleceted to help us. Do your job & stop Trump before he starts a war w Iran
Neil Gorsuch founded, was member of Fascism Forever Club several years in HS. Are you OK w/ fascism?
DeVos is in no way qualified for ED sec. Vote no
Trump made a mockery of prayer breakfast with profanity and asking for prayers for Arnold. Shame on you for tolerating!
VOTE NO TO DEVOS!!!
I hope your prayers opened your heart & your mind to vote No on DeVos.
Which part, @sendavidperdue? When @realDonaldTrump took a swing at @Schwarzenegger or when he jabbed at @Chaplain_Black?
Were you inspired to grow a backbone and vote no on DeVos then? I'm sure God was trying.
I'm a GA voter praying you vote against Betsy DeVos.
where are all the POC?
@potus can you clarify - should I be praying for Arnold specifically or just better ratings? #nationalprayerbreakfast
What do you God thinks about The Apprentice ratings?  Intended as a joke, I'm sure.  But is it funny?
I hope the huge number of callers is inspiring you to listen to your constituents.  No DeVos. No Sessions.
you rootig for the apprentice ratings senator? I bet you laugh at potus being disrespectful to the church!
vote NO @BetsyDeVos #noDevos #Unqualified #cabinet4sale
nice of you take time to pray for better ratings for The Apprentice.
Also, u should get some diverse friends. #nationalprayerbreakfast #MuchToDiscuss
2/2 When r u holding a town hall in Metro Atl? We need to speak w you. #MuchToDiscuss #nationalprayerbreakfast
1/2 Really? U were 'inspired' by trump complaining about Apprentice ratings? REALLY? #MuchToDiscuss
are you inspired by @POTUS' obsession with his ratings?
What would be inspiring is if you actually listened to your constituents instead of looking for photo ops.
Vote No on @BetsyDeVos!
yeah. real inspiring, DP.
Trump is insulting the Apprentice ratings & Arnold Schwarzenegger—at the National Prayer Breakfast. 
Please be inspired to do your job and represent GA by voting NO for Sessions, DeVos, and Gorsuch!
vote no on DeVos please. Our kids deserve someone looking out for them, not trying to profit from them.
I tried to call your DC office but they hung up on me. No busy signal, no voicemail, just a disconnect tone.
tell us what was inspiring about it sir?
Georgia hopes you are inspired to vote no on DeVos and Sessions!
But inspiring for only white christians . . .
Which part was the best? The part about Apprentice ratings? You've lost your soul, senator!

isn't that what every Sunday is for?
Then consider saving God's children in GA! Vote No DeVos! No clue public ed.
#GAVoter #Teacher
and so "presidential" to see that @realDonaldTrump got to spend some time talking about the Apprentice--so prayerful! #sad
you gon' vote against Betsy?
