Building a wall may seem like the magical answer to immigration ''problems'' but it isn't. It's too costly and we are already in debt
I applaud you all on trying to address immigration but RAISE is not the way to do it.
Clean. DACA Bill. Border wall for gun control and a Balanced budget!
It should be pretty simple:
#DeportIllegals
#DeportDACA
#BuildTheWall 
#MAGA
Who cares - I want sn update on his IQ fight with his Sec of State......
If by that you mean utterly unfounded in sound policy and utterly inhumane... Sure. Unrelated: when are you up for re-election? #gapol
I hope you like being a one term senator.
Immigrants are hugely important to the GA economy! Did your ancestors have enough "merit" to come to the US?
usually yes. They didn't sneak across the border either
You're no better than Trump
Sen Perdue, no American should believe any new immigration laws will be enforced if #DACA Amnesty passes!
https://www.alipac.us/f8/no-compromise-daca-amnesty-compromised-america-351674/ …
Tell that to the GA farmers and small biz owners who rely on immigrant workforce. This policy is short sighted and mean, at best. #DACA
RESIGN
T. dangerous for party& country but you think YOU can get what want by playing cards right DESPITE yr constitutional duty to us! Disgusting!
Stop hiding from your constituents. Hold a townhall. #gapol
No they aren't and that isn't going anywhere. Do something about this

THREAD - To all my Twitter friends: I need to get something off my chest. I have spent the majority of my adult life working with and 1/34
Are you ever gonna crawl out of his ass?
In merit based system, please take care of the people who are in backlog. Personally, I am waiting for 10 years.
One fine day I will out of the queue....wait for a new merit. There is a lot of uncertainty in this system.
Enough Perdue you worthless tool and puppet of Trump
It amazes me that you were voted in office. Anyone who believes a word trump says is as dumb as he is.
End the "fake" anchor babies policy (a parent has to be a citizen) & no amnesty
Does a merit-based immigration system sound American to you? People shouldn't have to assimilate into our culture, we are a land of many
Complete rubbish. David, stick to what you do best - hiding from your constituents. #coward Have a #townhall meeting.
Oh I see what you did there! Your biases are showing. Be like Bob Corker.
Get out of your self-serving world & take an honest look @ what/ who you are supporting. Any honest assessment should make you ashamed!1/2
America's children could have used your help last week before you defunded CHIP after 25 years of success. You racist !
Speaking of Georgia (assuming you care about your state), what are you doing to fight for the 37% of GA kids that rely on CHIP for coverage?
Is Mexico paying for the wall?  No.  Come out of your bunker and talk with Democrats.  Better yet, why not talk to real voters in your state
ya and while you’re at it, DO SOME WORK..!
You have no character, no heart, no brain just like trump.

Agreed! If the dems don't want to get on the train, leave the station without them! We have to move on & get things done for the Country!
I will be running against him for those who oppose him.
And how is this a pay-raise for Americans? You keep saying that but it doesn't add up. #notabetterway
How about federal recognition 4all American Indian tribes b4 y'all do 4 more illegals we gave lives & land what more do y'all want the rest
You are one of the true deplorables, Senator.
Yes , Need to clear the 30 Years Backlogs in Green Cards and Start implementing the  New Bills
Maybe you need to take #BogusPotus  any leave.  Never has the USA been so humiliated on our soil & on the world stage.
Like the free labor that came over on those ships long ago.
How about @VP priorities wasting our money on a poorly executed PR stunt? But I'm sure that's no biggie to you
Sir, your xenophobia is showing. You won't meet with us GA voters - you only represent Koch and NRA interests. Enough already. #gapol
Unbelievable.
Just lost my vote.
How about you and your coworkers’ failure to extend CHIP? Is that one of your priorities that was spot on? You should be ashamed.
Nope.
His and your priorities are hateful, ignorant, and ruining our country.
Are you Russian? Seriously, you sound so un-American and definitely un-Christian.
These people are fleeing violence. How heartless to say you can’t bring your family to safety.
Really bad seller
Yawn. I forgot about you & your unwavering fealty for Trump for a second. Jealous that you didn't get to golf (& then lick his boots) too?
UR Racism takes Millions of dollars away from taxes. U sure as hell better have enough to cover the cost. We will not pay 4 UR prejudice.
Trump's immigration priorities would make us poorer and weaker.
Are you on drugs? If you want to tweet make it relevant !
They're awful. He's awful. And you will be judged for your complicity.
LOVE YOU SENATOR @sendavidperdue you are loyal and smart.GOD BLESS and I from Macon Ga Thank you for supporting our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Can’t wait to help VOTE YOU OUT...
Can’t wait to see who picks peaches, cotton and vidallia onionsa
Jerk
Please think for yourself. You are a puppet and I look forward to voting for your opponent.
Trump is a deranged, racist, senile old man. Anyone who supports him has a serious problem. Resign.
MEX is supposed to pay for wall. r u going to allow @realDonaldTrump to lie to us? #youlie! #MAGA? @ajc
Spot on xenophobic and racist.
Do we not remember the 4 BILLION dollars in revenue GA farmers lost back in 2011 after our terrible "papers" law. Just stop with this BS.
Always with your finger on the pulse of your constituents' concerns, Senator.  
None of 45's priorities are "spot on" unless you want to live in the 1950s. He's a racist, misogynistic bully who is destroying us.
Corker. Think Corker. He’s not the first and he’s one of many. When will you flip. Don’t be last 
What is "chain migration" Senator? Trying to mislead us. Have you consulted with poultry industry? My guess is you got a loophole for them.
Policy spoon fed to you by the Heritidge Foundation whose research is agenda driven. You  have no idea or do you care about consequences.
#Dreamers = doctors, lawyers, teachers, friends. Protect them!
You sold your soul to the Devil. We'll see how history judges the GOP for their love of power over country.
On a spotted pig 
So you agree with wasting billions of dollars on a big beautiful wall???? You seam to have left that out of your statement.
There’s NOTHING “spot on” about tRump. Well, except that senility thing.
#BuildTheWall
I was born and raised in Ga. According to Time, Don the Con would not let me in the USA. And you stand behind everything he does.  We will not forget at the polls.
Why do I still follow you? #Deplorable
Sorry but the true face of domestic terrorism is not muslims or immigrants...it is white male citizens....when will you address that issue?


The RAISE act will decrease GDP over next 10 years... and it's dumb..and hateful..and shortsighted...and xenophobic..and tacky
If only Trump's policies were around when your ancestors came over.  The ship would have been sent back!
We do not need a wall and definitely can spend the money for the wall on other things like healthcare. Trump is a MORON and so are you.
Senator, I'm concluding you’re either affected by the same insanity as Donald Trump, or you’re living in an alt-reality fool’s world. Sad!
Your view. HOWEVER, Your district disagrees. #resign #DoYourJob or #getouttheway
ask Trump if you can have your balls back.
It is a shame that you don't listen to the majority of Americans who don't want a wall and want help for DREAMers. Pathetic, actually.
Here for the ratio- have you expressed concerns in private to senator corker?  You should make those concerns public.
We pray for you everyday. God bless you.
You have lost your mind playing with Miller
No, they're not.  Your family immigrated here. Should that have been stopped?
You Mr.Perdue will be fired soon enough. Stand closer to Trump see where that gets you
No, neither his priorities nor yours are "spot on." Neither are your fixes.
You are an expert at kissing ass there Senator
You're support certainly isn't coming from Atlanta... and now...
*Your
David Perdue you are a shameless partisan hack. You know Trump is unstable and dangerous. You don't care because you get paid.
His priorities have been focused on the NFL, but whatever...
You're going to regret aligning with this clown in chief
You are not in tune with most of America as is typical of @GOP
can you be specific about how much merit Syrian refugees have?

I am going to do my absolute best to fire you....
I disagree, and this 9th-generation Georgian would prefer you not kow-tow to a madman. You work for us, not for Trump.
To quote your president: WRONG. I will work as hard as I can to keep you from re-election.
Me too
Can you advise your next town hall?
Sorry i live in a farming town. It will backfire
We’ll be working hard toward your electoral defeat here in Athens. You’re whitewashing this president’s xenophobic bile.
Here in a Roswell too. Vote him OUT
I'll be running against him
Wow, had no clue you were 100% Native American!
Also, how much of your $2 million of NRA money did you donate to Vegas victims?
Any?
Wall budget: 2001 1B, 2003 1.5B, 2007 2.3B, 2015 3.8B, in 24 yrs patrol agents 500%. WAKE UP ppl Congress is conning u 
Stephen Miller would agree. I think that’s all that need be said against something.
As a Georgia voter, I will not vote for anyone that is aligned with Trump. Your record is disappointing. Put country > party! Please!
The merit based immigration bs is a fallacy. Otherwise the H1-B visas wouldn't have been suspended for months
I would rather you stay silent than lie to the public. We don't need another voluntarily liar.
why didn't the Bush presidents do anything about this "big" issue?
Are you serious?
Great job Senator Perdue
Not a very Christian thing for you to say. Jesus & your constituents are disappointed.
Take a hint from Bob Corker. He became the most popular GOP politician in the country after taking a stand against fascism.
Spooked and preparing for the future post-Trump. They know he's dross.
Ethno-nationalism?
On another topic... you better rethink your open support of our current President... you may become the next Corker!
No. The RAISE act will actually have a negative impact on our economy. It will reduce GDP and jobs. http://www.budgetmodel.wharton.upenn.edu/issues/2017/8/8/the-raise-act-effect-on-economic-growth-and-jobs …
This shit show president already having a negative impact on the economy.
Thank-you for your continual support of my President. 
Da, well said, Comrade.
The Russian trolls are everywhere.
Know that NOT all of your electorate agrees with you! We are disappointed in your positions and votes. Will work for your opponent.
From a constituent:  No there are not. Stop trying to make the current situation tenable. Do something to fix it.
I am a Georgia voter, I totally oppose any bill funding a wall. I support immigration reform and the enforcement of current laws
Thank you it takes just one to start a common sense conversation
We kno bout the rubles, ok? Whatever other kompromat they ave on u they’re gonna release anyway. If u really cared bout (which is doubtful
since u r tryin2kill us by takin away healthcare)u will quit snuggling up2putin&his active asset https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns …
#MagnitskyAct NOW
#MagnitskyAct NOW or you’re on #TeamTreason &just as guilty as your DearLeader
#MuellerIsComing 4 ALL the traitors
Russian billionaire says he sought Don Jr. mtg to gut Magnitsky Act, a Kremlin goal, per @PamelaBrownCNN @jeremyherb http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/09/politics/russia-trump-tower-meeting-new-documents/index.html …
When you lose the next election you can get a great job pulling onions since you want to kick out the immigrants who would do this job.
I wish the Natives Americans had you and 45 mindset. You wouldn't be here and that orange flapjack!
No they are not!
No David, you xenophobic racist, they are not. I can't wait to work for whoever runs to defeat you in the next election.
Read your BIBLE! “When a stranger sojourns with you in your land, you shall not do him wrong. Leviticus 19
That's not in the Republican bible.
