I am not, not at all in debt to Donald Trump.
God has nothing to do with trump. Nothing.
Viengence is Mine. May God reveal the truth. May Justice rain down on this WH. May all deception be revealed so your people know the truth.
When you said feed & clothe the poor,  When you said care for the sick. When u said All created in your image. May all deception be revealed
I pray this in Jesus Name, Amen.
And when u said many will be called but few will know you, Again reveal the liers. That call your name but do the opposite of your commands.
Separation of church and state, if you let the evil in, never will it go. It hangs on like the canker of insanity it is.

I can't believe Trump's supporters actually think he believes in God.
Some think he is God,#trumpsupport=crazyasfuck
This is a joke right?...wtf?
I'm. Just waiting for. Ashton Kutcher to pop out and say "we've been punked" 
Hell man I'd be happier if Ashton Kutcher was POTUS
This is gonna end sooner than expected.. Don't know how... But it will...
Just keep eating cheeseburgers and donuts Donny, lots and lots

Nothing more than a photo op to try to smooth out the damage his irrational #LGBT military dismissal.
Hack heinous disingenuous self serving misogynistic malignant narcissist. I am just getting started. Time to pull plug on @realDonaldTrump!
You're off to a swell start. :)
I would have to create a lengthy thread to begin to cover the extent of his transgressions and incompetence.
Yes, and they multiply like rabbits by the hour.
Or cancer by the minute. The pace of the unraveling is surreal!
Am sure @Walgreens or @NIH could find some Prozac or Abilify for your leader.
I'm not in @potus's debt! He has done nothing but harm my livelihood & create chaos by his lies. He has no integrity, doesn't belong in WH!
God bless him? He's a crook, a liar, a traitor and a sexual predator.  What god, Beelzebub?
BWAHAHAHhahhahaha!
Get god out of my government! There's no such thing! Think with your brain!
Nice ass kiss. Wait,...let me write this one down. Okay to re-gift it?
What the fuck is this?
God Bless the Impeachment clauses in the U.S. Constitution, especially Article 2 Section 4:
@spookedsara
We love our President Trump!!!  So proud of the work you are doing Mr. President!  God Bless the USA!  
What the fuck is this dictator praising propaganda shit!?
This is supposed to be a quote. Trump recognized the first responders to Scalise shooting today.
That's less bizarre. So it's really just that the person running White House social media doesn't understand how to indicate quotations.
I had an idea for a great new party game based on the 45 WH:

Sycophancy or Ineptitude!
It's the game @maddow talked about--"Stupid or Nefarious"
Bless them indeed!  But you won't be blessing them when they arrest you for treason and obstruction of justice.
Proof???
Don Jr. provided the proof.
My god! Don't you even know how to use quotation marks? You're an embarrassment.
Sincerely, Putin
A true patriot would love their country n support their leader no matter who it is..sadly we have alot of traitors in this country
That's not how that works.
That's not how any of that works.
#soundthealarm #democracyinderseige
wtf? You all need to be fired!
This is psychotic.
Who writes this shit?
God Bless Robert Mueller!
This is embarrassing
America will sure be in debt thats for sure trump couldnt run a business without bankrupting it 6x. This country is DOOMED !!
Is this a parody account?
What the hell???  Do you realize how inappropriate the first half of this tweet is???  You sound like you're canonizing him!  #stupid
Wtf is this.
What the fuck is this?
That's an awful lot of God for a heathen.
MAGA= Morons Are Governing America
You're welcome.
Wtf....please this has to be a joke
I think this is the BS from Donald' speech. But there are two backward to say that.
what in the hell is this tweet
tr*mp found the password to this account
What a joke
Authoritarian af that the WH account is telling us that Americans are forever in the debt of 45* (a supposed public servant)


Who's that?
Hahahahaha!
What the Hell is this????
It’s a speech he gave - what is so difficult to understand?
This is a ridiculous use of the official WH Twitter account
The White House is QUOTING what the President said about law enforcement. You are confused.
If only there was some sort of brief textual convention to indicate when someone's being quoted vs addressed. Trump will fix!
Hence the White House’s use of the colon. (:)
Blake: You haven't thought this through.
HAIL SATAN
Good thing you only have a handful of satin worshipers as followers.
Hail Satin!!!

https://www.fabric.com/apparel-fashion-fabric.aspx?fabric-type=satin …
Had a dress made out of that once!!

Please don't let wrongly hires dangerous a person! How trust hires for law enforcement? They don't want to be same Mohamed Noor!
this is pathetic.... who writes this sappy crap... and this came from the white house??... first draft probably was in crayon
"How do you spell 'president'?"
Guys, I don't think this is the White House saying this to Trump. I think it's the White House noting what Trump said to law enforcement.
At the ceremony for the first responders at the shooting at the Congressional baseball practice.
I think you're right, but at the very best putting out a statement this open to misinterpretation says nothing good about the new comms team
Concur that it's a poorly constructed tweet. Easy to misunderstand. "POTUS to first responders" or something similar probably needed.
Perhaps quotation marks?
this regime can't be handcuffed by the inefficiencies and leftist red tape of quotation marks
Or ethics, or laws, or the constitution...
Stroke the trump ego a bit more why don't you? I just puked in my mouth, thanks for that. What a joke! LEO truly appreciate ur sacrifices!
...armed only with the charm of incompetence
Hahaha boy are they desperate.
We are in the twilight zone, and Trump is the kid everyone has to compliment constantly not to disappear.
Peanut butter makes the burger!!!!!


Our Glorious Leader's birth atop a sacred mountain saw a new star created and winter turn to spring. 
Then he invented the hamburger.
Kidding right?
I love my country hence the reason I need a true leader,not an ignorant trying to be dictator and lying thief, not going to support stupid
All the fluff in the world won't make Donnie a good soul...he is so far gone...shame on all of you..
Thank you President Trump.
SEPARATION OF CHURCH & STATE YOU BRAINWASHED SYCOPHANT! WE DO NOT WORSHIP OUR LEADERS IN AMERICA OR PROMOTE ONE RELIGION OVER OTHER FAITHS!
Take that North Korean style propaganda out of here. We don't do the "Dear Leader" crap in America.
Wait, is this DT sending himself some admiration. REALLY! This makes no sense- so par for the course. #MarchForTruth #ImpeachTrumpNow
Whoever wrote this tweet needs to put the crack pipe down immediately.
Tiny hands need an ego boost? U represent the American Whitehouse like a state sanctioned demand to worship dear leader. #resign
That reads damn close to a slave trying not to get wipped for dropping a fork... Kneeling while typing? Reciting a Psalm? Zealots aren't God
Lol
This is like McDonalds bragging it has a Michelin star.
all hail the glorious leader! #KimJongDon
"Forever in your debt" ?
Who wrote this gratuitous drivel and why ?
No. Wrong. #DeleteYourAccount
NEVAR QUESTION EMPEROR TRUMP!

Wtf is this?
Who's idea was it to write this tweet? @Scaramucci was that you?! Poor taste.
It seems the White House is white due to this massive circlejerk going on.
Yo, @god did you agree to this?
Wow. Just...wow.

How did you manage to drink THAT much Kool-Aid?

Did whoever runs this go to any type of school at all?  'Cause y'all do not know how to write a coherent sentence ...
lol - someone have a gun to your head?
Impeach this fraud.
Who's sending these tweets? Surely not the actual house. Don't be a coward ... sign your name to the tweet!
#TrumpRussia 
#noskinnyrepeal
Why can't the WH just play it straight?
Screw Trump. He's an asshole and I'll give him as much respect that his followers gave Pres Obama-none. Lets hope America can survive Trump
Did you tweet this at gunpoint?
Gag!!!

What's Bannon doing?

Mooch got his mitts on this too. Sappy and fake.
AND HIS WHOLE FAMILY! @POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @FLOTUS They are taking the heat with him. I hope @Scaramucci does him justice!

How ridiculous is this? #resist
Hi yes you remember we don't have an official religion right
??? wtf
WTF? This is creepy.
WTF? Is this 1939 Germany???
Dafuq is this horse shit?
Heck uva job Mooch ...
Is Trump tweeting himself from different accounts now? Is this the only way he gets praise? Mommy and Daddy really didn't love you did they
Colon instead of quotation marks?!  Thought #POTUS staff have the "highest IQ?" Practically geniuses. BTW, he has his own twitter. WYD? 
In his debt? No, a president does the things he does because that's his job. No matter how good a president he is, that's his job.
Why would you retweet such drivel? Surely this is below you.
We are/will be forever indebted BECAUSE of you're idiotic, crude and obscene approach to the job.
Fuck Trump.
Don't drink and tweet.
What is this? Did you omit quotation marks? Is this a quote or are you all that sycophantic?
Hail to Our Glorious Leader, Donito Mussolini, Generalissimo El Trumpo, Papaya Pinochet!
Who is writing this drivel? I hope you are paid well, because it must not be easy to sleep at night having to shovel this everyday.
Is that a joke ?
Is someone drinking on the job?
Are you mental?
WTF
Who the heck are you talking to here? Whose debt are you forever in?
If there's one thing trump knows, it's being in debt. And not paying them. #deadbeatdonald
Hello, @Scaramucci.
What the fuck is this shit?
Hey Mooch, Mr. Harvard Law, you forgot the quotation marks when you wrote this. I know, hard to see with POTUS' cock in YOUR mouth, huh???
Law enforcement? Those are the guys who will haul his orange ass out of the White House. Yes, God bless them.
Wtf
Who is this "we", #NotMyPresident
Let's play a game where we substitute proper nouns.
Dear leader: we are forever in your debt. Thank you. God bless you, God bless our truly amazing law enforcement, and God bless North Korea.
What the duck is this? Why is the official WH account talking like Trump is a dictator?
Signed: Russia.
This is the most pathetic shit ever
Did this cover your mandatory ass kissing quota for the day?  Good lord, are we Stalinist Russia yet?
Gross!
He must of written this himself
U trolling hard RN
you're all a bunch of treasonous thugs disgracing our nation.
Politically correct bullshit.
Wtf?  Was this borrowed from North Korea by mistake?
Just so I know how drunk are you, to have tweeted that?
I didn't know the White House was individual> who exactly is "WE" in this post?

All right, that's enough. Who gave Trump access to the White House Twitter account?

Bad! Bad employee!

#TheResistance
#FakePresident
In his debt for what
Barf
Touched by an angel. Granted she was only 15 at the time
You forgot the part of your 'thank you' to include your pals at the Kremlin 
Let's not forget who put you in office...
Right... Hillary won
When quoting someone, use quotation marks. I see you failed middle school English grammar class. Ah! Unless you studied in Russia.
Pardon?
What the fuck is this bullshit? Is Scaramucci managing this Twitter account? Sounds like his coked-up BS
ALL cops are unionized, the cops that actually do the work.  Trump does not love them, Trump despises them, and is lying to them
Make sure to thank the Russians, too.
God has forsaken us

Hey, White House, Is this week's theme Make America North Korea? #holyshitsnacks #wtfisthis
How do you know that god is actually real?
This may be the single most embarrassing tweet ever published by the White House. What's next? Heil Hitler?
The fuck is this

Who is the "we" in this tweet? WH staff? Aides? Twitter interns? @Scaramucci? WH acct doesn't speak for American people. So who is "we"?
Wth is going on? What are you guys smoking?
GOALS...
Good ol white house communications Dept, "what do those little " " things mean?"
oh god, Kim Jong-il much?
Butt kisser.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
the pres. praising himelf
Sounds about right
*coughbullshit*
Couldn't you suck his balls on your own dime, not ours?
WTF? Trump is tweeting compliments to himself ? Interesting use of "forever in his debt". Yeah, we'll be paying for his shitshow for a while
When do we get our government issued Little Red Book??
Hello?

Did he come?
LMFAO THIS DEADASS IS A REAL TWEET? WHAT HAPPENED TO SEPARATING CHURCH AND STATE????
THIS IS FUCKING INSANE WHAT IS HAPPENING
Is this a parody account?
Great P.R.! That's it! 
I swear he should call on someone he knows and it's not God.
Well well well. This is some serious Dear Leader bullshit.
Is this some sort of joke?
Separation of Church and State. A myth...
What the ever living Fuck?  Someone's obviously stoned or drinking the kool-aid
 wtf?!
Wtf?  Who are you talking to?  The White House is a nut house these days.
USA truly is a frightening country. Blinded by its own hubris. @POTUS
Not all of us.  Some if us have a mind of our own and can see things for what they are.
May the lord guide you and protect your entire family from anybody that wants to cause you physical, emotional or financial harm.
I could be wrong but was Scaramuchi working the door at Mother's on Rush Street last week?

Americans are true believers of God.It's very good sense of promoting Harmony,love and peace to the entire world.
Yeeeeeeees!
