He is doing what obama could/would not.     MAGA
Sell out, you mean like Hillary selling out our uranium to Russia, or obama allowing Russian to invade the Ukraine


No just shows liberals they have no room to talk....
Neither do republicans, they only care about party. And what the government can do for you not all of Americans.
LOL you keep working that peristrokia angle dim. Meanwhile  we are going to make America great again without you. 
His family has no right working in the White House, that is the definition of nepotism. Also, great job supporting terrorists.
You are so shallow
He has never said anything to Putin doing anything, supports Erdogan, supports the Egyptian ruler (also tyrannical). Who's the shallow one?
And he did it without a plane full of cash in the middle of the night...we just keep winning
Which Russian interests are being served? We attacked their ally, still committed to Nato, sanctions still in place, no waiver for Exxon.
Veterans are tired of "We are all the same", No sir, The US Constitution and US Citizens, and our American culture is superior to all others
I SUPPORT PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP FOR ALL THE GREAT WORK HE IS DOING, AND WILL CONTINUE TO DO.
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
POTUS Trump @realDonaldTrump Plz help D.A.V.s  bc Congress completely abandoned our DAV bills to help us. No leadership. Ryan keeps us last
Way to go Mr. President.  #StrongAmerica
Why does Jared keep tugging on his Johnson? A NJ thing? Pig.
100 DAYS. PRICELESS!
Can you imagine being this woman...in that room with people who have no idea what suffering or selflessness is....
Where Russians are welcomed, and security is denied!
You know Ivanka isn't a staff member, right?
Give it a rest homie....the Russia traitor didn't get elected and Putin's bitch went to live with Michelle
What's the part that you claim to be "amazing"?  I suspect that we differ on what we each consider "amazing" about these images.
Why is he spawn sitting on the sofa?
Ah yes - nepotism at its finest!  Go Drumpfs-making America crooked again!  And like u, I'm also SORRY they both "work" for the Trump admin.
Loveee my President!
Welcome back to the US where we have a REAL President not a poser. Sorry Obama let you sit in prison for 3 years
Yes!!!!!
This is LITERALLY a test for ALL anti-Trump ppl. This is ONE thing that no one can say, "Thank you Obama" to. Will you actually thank Trump?
Are anti-Trump people able to be patriotic for just a moment & put hatred aside in order 2 thank Trump for getting our fellow American back?
Thank you Mr. President that no American is left behind!  God bless you!
Well finally he did something good and didn't even crow about it.
Winning
Even the D.A.V. bill named HR 299 Blue Water Navy blocked by Congress. Congress is slow rolling help us, the dont listen to us
Simply pitiful  hypocrisy of Trump and administration is highlighted in a desperate move to look 'caring'..how are the kids in Syria ? SAD


Thank you Mr. Trump!
@realDonaldTrump can't take credit for their release @POTUS44 was the U.S.Leader who made this happen An HONEST Leader & a NATIONAL TREASURE
For me, the fact that a money grubbing troglodyte ignoramus would be POTUS is pretty damned AMAZING!
ate you kidding us? THATS an accomplish??
Welcome home Aya Hijazi!
Reminds me of the Iran hostages when Reagan took office.....
do protests in jerusalem give you an WOODIE ?? you are over your head!  worst judgement ever!!
Thank you President Trump for not just saying you care but for proving every single day how much you care
.@Scavino45 @IvankaTrump great to have them there in casa Aya has any questions about Manhattan condos or which clutch to pair w a pantsuit.
Grow up and show class. You are more than irrelevent
He plays a pothead on TV....and it carries over to Twitter apparently. Women don't generally carry a clutch wearing pantsuits-silly stoner
My bad, I was too busy buying Visene and Funyuns to take notice.
Again...gotta love a liberal man...so mature with intelligent conversation. Grow up and unite instead of tweet bad Trump 22 hrs a day
wait, you want maturity and unity and you support TRUMP??!!! The most divisive, immature, tantrum throwing Pres ever?!
And he is President of the United States....either work together as a country or get out...leave...go if u dislike him so much.
U R unbelievable! All those years the Republicans refused 2 work with Obama they should have left the country cause they were unpatriotic
What is the quid pro quo?
Use your voice!

#TrumpRussiaCoverup 

Call your Representatives
Demand Answers

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#Thisisnotnormal
Poor little snowflake. Step away from CNN and find your happy place. It's gonna be a long 8 years for you
@SebGorka @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump
He's doing what he has done his whole life,helping those who have been forgotten,every day he brings back hope to those who had given up.
What a hero!!!
 THE TRUMP CHANGE!
                  
After 3 long years. Welcome home. #MAGA
Thank you Mr. President!!  This is refreshing to have a strong leader once again!!  God Bless You 
Please free all American kids abducted and taken to other countries like #India #Japan #Brazil
I agree Dan.... POTUS was able to accomplish something other presidents haven't! Awesome!
The repulsive worldview of Trump is humiliating to the United States of America, This shall not be tolerated
Finally, a picture with ~ equal numbers of women and men. Yes, this is what 21st century governments looks like. No more all male shots!!
Looking forward to    a Great week ahead ( new tax plan. removing Obama care,)
President is “paranoid and delusional”, and said it was their “ethical responsibility” to warn the American public
#ThingsToBeAshamedOf=hate expressed below+Not doing anything to help such suffering during Obama-8years+then #Dems order media to ignore win
You let a MUSLIM enter the US? From a country known to have spawned terrorists? </SARCASM>
Keep up the good work Donald Trump I know that you will make America great again just like our founding fathers I know you believe work hard
Trump has done nothing,but takes credi for everything
Oh isn't this precious! I am glad to know Aya Hijazi is freed. Look who swoops in for the credit! LOL!
Donald Trump is a disgrace to the office of President
oh please
@ANA4PEACE2016 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump

Obama, the community organizer, signed 4 major bills in his first 100 days. You promised 10. You've signed none. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/111510330139615232 …
Please work your magic to free other hostages around the world. Thank you Mr. President.
Lock him up!!!
#nationalhighfiveday
I think I see Bannon hiding behind the grandfather clock...
Aren't they supposed to be SECRETARY baby Trumps?
Working to free forgotten Americans around the world. Thank you!!!
Didn't vote for @IvankaTrump or #firekushner
Mr. Presiident TRUMP! Ur Amazing 
Is Ivanka there to gift her with one of her handbags.
Great job DJT. The American ppl know we have hope! Cleaning up Obama's 8 yr conundrum! You are doing a great job. Keep up the good work!
Sure would be great to see #freeAndrewBrunson there next.
Ivanka? Kushner? please stop.this is redictulous
Bro, you can't even spell the word.
Great job.
Vets like me are sick and tired of you acting like you care about this country when not only have you dodged multiple drafts...contd
Trump doesn't understand charity work that doesn't benefit himself. Trump gave Veterans parade money to be Grand Marshal.#ImpeachTrump
This is great. I'm sure he pad nothing unlike the fraud Obama. Words work not always money our money.
No- GFY
Thanks, Obama.
Not amazing, diplomacy (which means he didn't do it) #notmypresident
I once caught a fish this big, yeah this big.
This lady is proud for Donald Trump to be President. Let's see, in prison for yrs w/O Freedom in 90 days with Pres Trump. You Choose...
why your bringing Democrats into the White House,if we wanted them there we would have voted for Hillary,quite trying to appease them
Thank God for Our President ! Bless you,Aya,& your families!
even the Muslim Barry couldn't do that
Fake News & More Prop. by Trump's failure presidency.
Dina Habib Powell needs to be ESCORTED OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE! Get her out Now!
Thank you @POTUS
Why the fuck is his daughter still there? No shame, woman's rights? Nepotism!! Shame
Why the hell are @IvankaTrump and Kushner there? You are totally corrupt. For shame. #PresidentBannon
Proud American we're back protecting Americans anywhere
That's was pretty awesome I am not gonna lie, Trumps 100 days have been incredible even with a broken Congress.
Thank God ! Im so proud to be an American right now!Trump is giving us that pride back. We're all one!Let's act that way!love one another
Pay for Play!!!!
Impeachment coming!
What are the kids doing there again?! They are becoming omnipresent. Now she's going to Germany on "Official visit." They have no standing.
Scavino you are second to Spicer in having a thankless job lying for a living. U will be held accountable for ur part wen Trump is impeached
.#tropa https://twitter.com/OsRivera26/status/855686222798258177 …

This is a good roadmap document 
Aya is only one egyptian prisoner got free, but still there are many others not yet..!?
PLEASE~~~
His only accomplishment. This was purely ploy. #littlemantrump #resist #Trumprussia
POTUS did it smoke that Obie
That's fucking insulting having a shoe sales woman and a slum landlord in the room.
Let's face the facts. There is nothing amazing about @realDonaldTrump @POTUS. He is simply an imbecile. #ImpeachTrump #MASA
Good deal that Obama couldn't cut vs the deal Obama DID cut- trading 5 terrorists for a deserter & traitor.
Great negotiating skills to get it done. Should be all over the media.
All for show...
So @realDonaldTrump cares so little about this story, you retweeted it for him? Not one mention by DJT. Could this story have more to it?
Welcome Home! God bless #MAGA 
Good job!
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
Amazing for u sir now let's see what the media does with this story
Any diversionary tactics to keep collusion with Russia out of the media. #releasetaxesnow
This IS why we voted for @realDonaldTrump for President-he gets the job done! #44 was a loser of a POTUS & couldn't get Her released #MAGA
Yah. Makes me sick too.
Thank you, President Trump.
Obumas failed diplomacy reversed by Trump to bring an American hope without sending billions in bribes!

Make America Great Again!

#MAGA
Making good deals. Get stuff done. So far so good seems to me.
Explain exactly what is simply amazing?
Get rid of Dina Powell! She's an establishment piglet. Enough w/the swamp  creatures.
Wow good job his ban was refused, or she wouldn't have been able to get into the US
Jerad, Jarod, JoJo sure has one ugly tie.
Whats amazing the headline makes it wrongly seem its Trump No its nit
Taxes
https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2014/08/137246/egypt-miss-morocco-accused-in-a-child-pornography-and-human-trafficking-case/ …   drain the swamp, indeed!
I wonder why nothing was done for her under the obama administration? 

It's because obama is a JOKE! 

We have a real strong PRESIDENT now!
RELEASE YOUR TAX RETURNS
free America stop letting democrats bully you, build the wall and complete it PLEASE!!!
North Korea just detained three more Americans.....
Oh, and these negotiations are left over from the Obama administration...
So refreshing to have a strong president after so many years of ineptitude and bad-decision making. Add hatred of America to last 8 years.
Pardon Assange
@TeamTrump @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump

Fear Not. Stay strong. Be vigilant. Eyes on the prize. From Comey to 25th Amendment-progress is being made. Trump will be a 1/2 term POTUS.
#RulersKingsPresidents #Prepare2BeBoarded #YourOILWillBePartOfTrumpPutinOIL #Plague #ResistanceIsFutile #AllOfEarthOilWillBeAdded2PutinFOOD
We demand an independent investigation into Russian involvement in our elections & that Mr. Trump release his taxes NOW.
Outstanding.
The plans to get her released was well in the works before Trump!! It's embarrassing how he tries to take credit for everything
Did he shake her hand?
@SebGorka @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump this is just the beginning of what is going to be a spectacular 8 yrs of Miracles
Exactly the type of energetic and decisive leadership this country has lacked for far too long, a Godsend.
What's amazing is he might actually be doing his job. But Dan gotta tell ya you've got something brown on your nose.
DA
