.@sendavidperdue @POTUS if only we had a pres & senator with the heart to choose people over money
shouldn't the rights of native Americans be above all special interests?
He's also a conspiracy nut. First Obama birth certificate now millions of illegal voters. What next?
Hope you saw the size of your opposition, expect resistance #WomensMarchOnWashington
"Special interests"?? Are you kidding me?  Are you listening to your constituents? More concerned with your wallet?
You're so clueless, telling us it takes guts for wealthy men to make more money while the planet and Standing Rock inhabitants suffer
finally have a president who lies about voter fraud, whines about how many people go to his inauguration
this is only in the best interest of the oil companies.  Very short sighted.  Invest in renewable energy
As your constituent, I am disappointed. As a human, I'm disgusted. Financial gains should NOT trump safety & rights. @POTUS
This must be a joke, right? He & his cronies invested in these companies. You are not looking out for Georgians!
So increasing the level of pollution created by the pipeline you're creating jobs? How? More respiratory therapists?
What a load of crap! It's about his cronies making $. Want to support the people, give them affordable health care.
Seems to me there are much better ways to create jobs - especially in Georgia.
keystone ships oil to Texas then overseas Keystone only creates 39 permanent jobs
 #fakenews
Guts to give profits to his own company and put America at risk of environmental catastrophe?
who will be left to work once you destroy our environment
100% BS. We have a clueless president and you are too spineless to stand up and say so.
we 'finally' have a President willing to put the interests of billionaires over the health of our planet you mean?
this puts corporate interests ahead of American interests. As one of your constituents, I do not support this action.
History has its eye on you and you are on the wrong side.
. @sendavidperdue @POTUS tell you what. you both bathe in oil every day and swim in it (and dive), to prove it isn't detrimental to life...
There are those of us in your state that want our natural treasures saved for our children,instead of making rich richer.
How is this choosing Americans over special interests?! #WaterIsLife
You do know that solar employees more than oil, coal, and natural gas TOGETHER, right? #cleanenergy #cleanjobs
did not know that the health of the planet was a special interest, thought big oil was the special interest here
is that why he has a cabinet full of billionaires? How many working class people does @POTUS even know?
special interest? Are you kidding me the environment is special interest Lord help us all!
Do you have the guts to stand up to a Nazi? You do realize you are in agreement with David Duke. We won't forget.
No, we have an @POTUS who's "special interest" is only serving himself.
didn't realize keeping our environment safe and healthy was a special interest. How much does big oil pay you?
YOU LIE. Will create < 100 perm jobs & incalculable damage to aquifers & sacred native sites. Fossil fuels destroy earth. This is cronyism.
I'm confused about who you think the 'special interests' are at #Keystone . Protesters who want clean H2O for us all?
you will not be looked upon favorably by future generations. You'll be seen as a shill for the wealthy elite.
Even people I know who voted for @realDonaldTrump were opposed to the pipelines.
Oil companies ARE special interests. You're either a greedy coward does whatever the rich tell you, or you're ignorant.
Wrong! the dirty fuel companies ARE the special interests! The pipelines pollute lands and water to export oil!
Apparently you care about big oil profits rather than clean water or climate change. Shame.
Very disappointed in you and your support of XL pipeline. Shows you don't care about our children's future.
XL Pipeline will produce only a few and temporary American jobs at huge environmental/climate change impacts. NO XL!
There are many in your State that care about the environment, climate change, and children's future and don't support XL!
As a proud Georgian and US taxpayer I'm ashamed of your apathy towards the earth we are blessed with.
Protecting the environment is an American value.  This GA voter is keeping score.
My senator believes the interests of America's indigenous ppl & safety of us all are not special enough to care about
you honestly think destroying our planet is a good thing?!  Your term is ending and not soon enough.
The environment is NOT a special interest. Climate change is NOT a special interest. #ClimateChangeIsReal #NoKeystone
yeah pipeline companies definitely aren't special interest themselves #Eyeroll
.@sendavidperdue @POTUS sir, the well-being of our environment is surely not a special interest!?
...but a blatant disregard for the environment and indigenous peoples.  This will be remembered at election time. #bye

I guess you think profit is more important than Native American heritage, tribal land and safe drinking water.
wrong! Solar brings more jobs. Oil just brings HIM more money. You would know this if you cared.
Full use of our Energy Potential should focus on Clean Energy Not Filthy Oil & Lining Trump Pockets thru Investments
Now Fucking The Native Americans means You have Guts? You were disgusted because Democrats want Factual Info Not LIES
Businesses in clean energy also create jobs. You are favoring one special interest (fossil fuels) over the other.
The temporary jobs created should not outweigh damage to the environment. Clean water is not a special interest.
you mean: whose stock holdings are more important than the future of our children. #unethical #conflictofinterest
I'm sure #American workers will be pleased when Florida is underwater #gapol
Jake Orvis is a fool.
your blatant disregard for the environment and delusion never cease to amaze me
you mean: is willing to put special interests over the will of the people. #greenenergyeconomy  #peoplebeforeprofit
, what special interests? Clean water? Tribal land rights? Your special interest is putting corporate profits above people.
your grandchildren's children will have an unlivable planet because of this @POTUS's connex to oil industry & selfishness
The oil companies and billionaire investors in the pipelines ARE the special interests, u disingenuous greed-monger.
you mean s potus who's willing to line David Perdue's pockets.
you mean the ppl who use the river for drinking water that the pipeline is going under? Those people?
Respectfully, @sendavidperdue: This will not create lasting jobs, and it will harm residents. Long term effects should outweigh $$.
no eminent domain for private gain
