Winning what? Impeachment? Right on target for that???#
They spelled whining wrong
My name is Priebus.  When #Mueller comes for me should I lie or tell the truth about the #TrumpCrimeFamily and the #TrumpRussiaCoverUp?
You ever heard of quotation marks??  Only the best people? Lol






Why do you still support Trump? He's going to get youbarresr.
 #Flynn @VP #HopeHicks  everybody's all crickets now.

##Trump4Guantanamo #missingObama #KillTheBill #worstPotusever
#GreenCard As simple as requesting it, providing all kinds of personal and curricular documentation

https://vivlium.com/autores/sos-firearm-injuries/ …
Rick gates did busy work? Event planning? You have got to be kidding me. Fucking traitors
Do you get paid for adulation ? Gross bad taste !
Reince-you sold out your country, party and soul, history will always remember your traitorous actions.
you will be a mess, the killer puppet preside @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS
So great to see my President, THANKING OUR POLICE
Oh was Obama there??#
I bet you regret this now
SILENT STILL? SHAME ON YOU




Lordy
@RepMoBrooks I will be very pleased if you lose and Trumps guy loses too ..God is great ,
Reince, hold out for a really good book deal. I can't wait to read about how messed up the White House really is.
God Bless our Jobs & Rising Wages President Donald Trump. He's returning prosperity & Jobs after disaster & misery of Obama & Dems 8 yrs!
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=670796173131079&id=535703319973699 …

This physician/insurance company CEO says that #ACA isn't failing.
It's being sabotaged by Trump.
…
That was somewhat creepy
What exactly is it that he has done for this country
Wtf.reince,grow some buddy and tell the truth about this heavily dysfunctional family.the Adams family had more class
I love Morticia
It might take you a while to get over all the craziness. But yes, you were right in there! Will you ever live it down? #trumpchump
Yes, thanks for letting someone come on board a whopping ten days to fire me.  I feel so special.
My god man..find some dignity
Reince, isn't it a bit dark to post up the official White House thank-you to Anthony Scaramucci for getting rid of you and Sean Spicer? #Sad
Good job!  Keep them coming. You are our hero!!  We know Scary Mooch was a distraction.
This isnt over for you, you hair-lipped #CheeseMagia freak...u will hang with the rest, your family will deny your name, you are done geek
you been had
Hey Reince. Gotta feel a bit good about this Scaramucci dude. I know you will go on and blah blah blah about support for all, but... RELISH
You grovelled with gratitude when Trump dumped you. Belittled and inconsequential you've become. Why the loyalty in the face of all this?smh


What does he do every day, make people worry?
How many people died before the ACA from lack of insurance.
@WhiteHouse do you have any concept of how weird, how third worldesque it sounds to be praising the person who runs you?  Truly chilling.
Give me a puke bucket please and quick.
The way Reince sucks up is alarming. It reeks of foul odor like worship of Nazis for #Hitler
Mistress much? What do they have on you? Same thing they had on Clinton! Don't worry-Remember Livingston Speaker of House back then! Yup:))
The Wall Street Journal said that Trump was infuriated that Priebus did not fight back against Scaramucci's public humiliation! U thank him(
Right. Thanks for making Russia great again. Impeach
Mr Priebus; does your rectum hurt today? Metaphorically, of course.
It's obvious that the white house's twitter page has been hacked by a member of the Russian government..
@Reince45
Trump had Reince get off plane, fired him by tweet, then waited for him to be escorted away before deplaning https://twitter.com/david_pickett/status/891321502766944256 … 
You need to come clean. Ask for protection, come out of this a hero.

Yes Reince, thank you for quitting, you saved me the effort of firing you. @cnnbrk @realDonaldTrump
You are on the wrong side of history! Again ! Write a book about your 6 months w/a Maniac
Trump is a jerk who thinks firing staff will fix his problems but the biggest problem is his know knowing do knowing attitude! Resig now!
Including firing the ass of Priebus? 
Hey Priebus or do you like #FLYBOI better how degrading is it when the so called POTUS calls for you to come to his office to kill a flies
If you had even a sliver of spine left you as a man, forget COS would never have tolerated that kind of behavior he saw u as soft & weak
Chump is a bully and thats what bullies do pick on someone they think is weaker then them self and make them the joke in the room
Get real. He's Legislatively impotent!
Can you please update your profile?Flash news :You are not longer chief of staff, you were thrown to the curve,betrayed,replaced, got it ?
Don't forget to honor Scaramucci every day 1. "Reince is a fucking paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac..."
What does, "Let Trump be Trump" means?

Ass-Whoopings-R-Us. 
#Trump says you're a fool  https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/891260230876659713 … and yet you fluff him.
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW. They look like fools and are just wasting time......
Uhhhh... Didn't you just get fired. (Whispering) You can leave now.
DJT, why did you(f)Reince? No one can kiss it like Reince! DJT AKA Barabbas is sick & a complete loser. U duped the people & GOP.#But not me
Please give us a bloody break from this mans drivel 
You got canned, then got on TV and kissed the ass of the shitbird that fired you. Classic Republican!
Thank you firing me and having me called names on TV. Thank you sir, may I have another?
Actions have consequences. Anyone associated w this administration will have no future, political suicide. Shame on all for supporting him
Can I get a twitter account that validates me?
Reince45 has 109m followers. trump has a paltry 34m. I'm glad Reince maintained his dignity in face of vulgar #Trump-like Scaramucci attack
Congrats on being fired! I can't wait to read your tell-all book!
#OMG. GET OVER YOURSELF.
Now's the time to speak out.
U out???
@Reince45 please stay out of the swamp!!! Ur awesome, hopefully Trump is using you in another position.  You are great and honorable.
Reince I have been a fan of yours all along. While I respect the Prez's right to manage his staff I am sad to see you go. God Bless
Class
trump doesn't deserve you. Take care & you call the shots
Best move you ever made getting while the getting is good
Saying good bye to disfunction junction 
Yea,well I don't think trump will be acknowledging any message abt relations w/ him on former job u can get that right out your head!!

Fake
Thank you for serving!  God bless!
Truly hilarious watching you grovel at the feet of Trump. Ive seen abused dogs with far more pride! Hilsrious! How'd that work our for ya?
I do hope that you now see @POTUS for who he really is. Loyal to himself.  You were just another of his victim's. Spread your info 2 Mueller
Sorry about what happened to you. You didn't deserve it but realize you are a good person.
Hey, why don't u call little Paulie Ryan & you two sociopaths go drown some puppies,  make urself feel better, eh?
I do not get it what does a lying, cheating, Crooked, sex offender do that you all are so Proud of - dang just don't get it- smell the Roses
Yeah thank you for firing Reince Prebus lol
God bless you Reince and thank you
Reince you are Free!  Praying that you will add your sane voice to help America.
You should have never supported him like you did reince. You should have never welcomed him to the GOP. It's basically all your fault
What made you think he wasn't an ogre? Come out with the truth and maybe people will forget what a complete brown nose you are.
Yes TY for everything U do every day. That is doing stupid things that convinces more & more people that U are unfit to lead our country.
Wishing you all the best Reince in whatever you do
Thank you @Reince45 for your service to our country.
Blessings!
#MAGA
Great job Reince !!!
Like what? Golf, watch TV, bullies staff, can't pass any legislation, global embarrassment, clueless, collude with Russia, in debt, etc.
You need to change your handle. FORMER Chief of Staff.
And for what he did today?
The blow-job was that good...?
You pitiful fool. You been played by the pee-pee man.
Do you like what he did today
You got played, bigly.
This tweet from @Reince is priceless!
He fired you. Your bio should be changed to Ex Chief of Staff @WhiteHouse
Good news you come home and enjoy some Wis summer. IM me if you want to fish and get reoriented, man. Peace out.
Did u thank him for today? @Reince
Mr. Priebus, thanks for your service. Pls continue to support our President that Americans voted for! The FAKE media sux!
Reince I am so sorry how you were treated. I pray you and your family will have a joyous and peaceful life out of the circus of this WH.
Thank you Reince! Everyone deserves better than a day like today. Thank you for keeping it classy.
Grow some balls Reince and spill the beans on con artist Trump and his mess of an administration. He made you a national joke get him back.

Hahahhahahahahaaaa
An interview on #CNN??!  Really?!?  Befuddling choice.  Looks like payback of some sort.
@Reince45 Wimp. Trump forced you out by having a guy you hate humiliate you publicly. One of the greatest honors of your life!!!
Sold your soul and all you got for it was a stupid " make America great" hat!
Reince grow some balls. The Mooch and POTUS slapped you around. Go down swinging, stand up for yourself.
U got fired.  Hahahahahahahaha. #sorrynotsorry
It sounds like Donnie has you by the balls.  You're free now.  You can tell us the truth.  Donnie sucks.
