Condemn white supremacy. It takes less than 140 characters.
This is all you have to say? The violence was perpetrated by white supremacists & Nazis. You should be condemning those domestic terrorists!
You must be so proud to have the world know what a spineless lickspittle you are. Rest assured we'll make sure you don't keep your seat.
Hollow language!U have proven 2 be morally & ethically bankrupt putting partisan politics above country!Actions speak louder!What r u doing?
Condemn nazis marching in the open, driving cars into Americans, chanting "blood and soil"... Condemn neo-nazis, sir, or be judged complicit
Sen. you criticized ALL Democrats before the election more than white supremacists today. Who scares you most: Obama or David Duke?
I agree, thoughts should go out to the law enforcement officers protecting us, but ALSO to the VICTIMS of racism, discrimination, and hatred
Call a spade a spade and a racist a racist @sendavidperdue Georgia deserves leadership that isn't soft on bigotry
Please denounce white supremacy and neo nazis!  My grandfather fought in WWII and was on Normandy beach. The Nazi flag has no place in (R) p
Still no condemnation of Nazis, white supremacists, KKK? Your silence says a lot.
"Dante once said that the hottest places in hell are reserved for those who in a period of moral crisis maintain their neutrality" JFK
Why won't you say white nationalists?
Law enforcement, eh? How about adding the anti-racist protestors who were willing to risk and lose their lives?!!
Condemn #FacistRight #Nazis and #FacistLeft #Antifa

Most of all hold #Charolettesville 
#MayorSignor accountable 4 stand down order!
Denounce kkk, bigotry, racism, alt-right, etc.  Make it plain.
This is unacceptable. You have not condemned the Alt Right, Nazis, or white supremacists. As such, the assume they have your approval. BAD!
If you can't condemn white supremacy you're as disgusting as @POTUS We will get rid of you in 2020.
Chickenshit response. I'll say it to your face at the next town hall...oh wait
Law enforcement? REALLY? THEY DIDN'T DO NOTHING THEY JUST STOOD THERE AND WATCHED! GET REAL!
Your response is as tepid as the presidents.  Totally inadequate. You should be vocal and outraged as we are!!!
Please don't be spineless.  Call out #Racists for what they are, Un-American.  You represent all of the people of GA not just white
Will you call a spade a spade?   Will you say white supremacy is unacceptable in Georgia?  Are you excusing hatred?
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/897560639627030528 …  Your President praised & thanked by the leader of the White Supremacist, Nazi Terrorists.  Voters will NOT forget.
David Duke is already thanking Trump for his "courage to tell the truth". https://twitter.com/DrDavidDuke/status/897559892164304896 …
Each day you get closer to coming back to GA for good. We've had enough genial racists representing us, thx. What you won't say says plenty.
This is all you can say? Shameful, sen. You and gop own this tragedy
Clearly it is for him. Embarrassment to Georgia a very proudly diverse State!
He forgets that 45 only won by 5% in Ga. These people are not representational of our state. He needs to stand against them.
GA needs to stand up now. What Trump said today is not OK
condemn Neo-Nazi and white supremacy, Senator. America must be united...not divided.
Still no statement against Nazis Sen Pardue? You are on the wrong side of history. They will be in GA this week and you MUST speak against
yes it is.
What about Heather Heyer, David? She was killed. When will you specifically condemn white supremacists and neoNazis? Sad.
That is not calling out the racists. #SayHisName
Nice dodge on #Charolettesville. I'm embarrassed you represent GA.
Is that it? You have no soul.
Standing against violence is not the same as specifically repudiating white nationalism and the KKK. I expect more from you!
How about the poor women that was murdered??? Got anything to say about that?
.@sendavidperdue Sure, as long as they didnt hate on the Police, youre okay with the KKK, WhiteNationlists, Alt-Right. White Supremacists
Kenneth Frazier showed leadership. You were elected to represent us, not follow Trump's agenda. Lead stop cowering. We need you. Be a hero
Shame on you. You support an unabashedly racist POTUS who winks at & promotes bigots. YOU have help foster this violence in our country
What?? How about innocent people who were attacked, injured, and in 1 case, killed? I am appalled by your reluctance to condemn hate groups.
Until you condemn white supremacy, you are complicit in it. You are responsible for the hatred and the violence.
Do you also have thoughts for the people rammed by a car while trying to peacefully squash the unAmerican ideas of Nazism?
Please be more specific. We must not allow Nazi sentiments to intimidate and terrorize. It's not just "violence" but who perpetrated it.
Senator, PLEASE name and shame the groups sewing hate in #Charlottesville who believe they have an ally in you and the President.
This was setup by Gov and mayor paid for by Soros and obama. Driver was a democrap card carrier and part of the Left group
But that is not an outright condemnation of the alt-right, KKK or white supremacy is it, Senator?  #FireMiller
Keep the peace??? Call out the ones who have the separatist racist ideals that extend past slavey!!!!!
Try again. You can do better
Denounce White Supremacy specifically!
your #RAISE bill is exactly what the nazis you're condemning want. But you knew that already.
Repulsive to equate KKK/Nazis with those protesting KKK/Nazis. In fact, evil. https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/897066356738228225 …
Sir...please sir. Be a decent person, do the right thing. I can't wait to vote you out.
The American murdered by a domestic terrorist died fighting against Nazism. Do you have any 'thoughts' for them? Or are u worried about DJT?
This is weak. You can't bring yourself to speak out against white supremacy and murder? Georgia deserves better, @sendavidperdue.
Condemn the racists and fascists!  Why are you afraid?
Condemn white supremacists? What about Heather Heyer?
Not nearly specific enough. Sickening that white supremest, nazi's and the kkk allowed to march with clubs and shields.  Call them by name!!
You're s real piece of work!
Stop embarrassing GT alums and grow a pair. It's not difficult to denounce the message of hate. Even w/o violence.
Insufficient response. A watered down, indirect condemnation tacitly encourages these white supremacists. You know this. Shame on you.
This is not enough.
Hey, Senator, did you have any relatives who gave their life for this country fighting Nazis in WW2? You shame them w your lack of courage.
Nothing about hate, bigotry, racism... SHAME ON YOU
Condemn white supremacists!!
Call them by name!!!
Do your thoughts also go out to the brave men and women who stood up to the white supremacists -- including Heather Heyer, who was killed?
This IS who America is... Mass incarceration, police violence, voter discrimination, inequitable housing, health care, education
When has America been anti-racism? I'll wait...
So ready for you to be out of office?
Not surprised you don't call out the KKK, white supremacists, white nationalists, nazis or neo-nazis. Shame on you!
The officers LEFT!!! There were none there when the car plowed the peaceful protestors
Are you serious?????!
But @sendavidperdue , it's who you are as a Trump supporter. Now YOU have blood on your hands as an enabler and a power hungry sycophant.
No thoughts for the victim who DIED?
"The violence" is happening because of your support of a dangerous administration and your direct policies. #NotMySenator
That's the best you have Senator??
My father fought in WWII against the Nazis..you think I'm okay with your tweet? Let's get this straight..Sen. David Perdue is ok with Nazis
Spare a thought for Heather Heyer Senator. She died standing up to the Nazis you are scared to condemn
No, this is not who we are as Americans.  We need you & all of our representatives to uphold our integrity & core values - POTUS will not!
You know you're going to hell..right ? 
#Charolettesville
#RepublicansagainstTrump
#coward 
#TheResistance
I screenshot your tweet. Need to let the people of Georgia know that you support Nazis & the KKK! You're a false witness that's going 2 burn
Will you please condemn the white supremacists & their ideology specifically? Blanket statements like this are not helpful.
Let me help u..Perdue & his boy Trump have blood on their hands. Actually they are both dripping with Heather's blood. 
God bless her family
Here you go David..Nazi ..white supremacist terrorists murdered Heather Heyer & injured several others..they're Trump supporters. God bless
Be a leader and condemn the white supremacists.
Publicly and explicitly condemn white supremacy in all its forms!! Use your position for good! What do you stand for?
This is it? Why are you unable to decisively condemn the white supremacists who rioted in #Charlottesville ? Too many voted for you?
Start the teaching at home Senator!
Condemn white supremacists. What will you do if they come to GA? Join them? You are pathetically weak.
No thoughts for the family and friends of the woman who was MURDERED by a white supremacist? #shameful #DisgraceToGeorgians
You are complicit!  Failing to condemn white supremacy makes you responsible.  Stop supporting these terrorists.  SHAME on you!!
This is weak condemnation.  Call out white supremacy.
Silence or weak condemnation will be read as complicity today. Be loud. Be unconditional. Side with love, diversity, inclusion, and peace.
Is the racism ok, just not the violence? Or wait, should I say, the domestic terrorism? Can your try saying it too?
Do you have an extra thought for the American who was murdered? Maybe a small half a prayer ?
Violence by WHOM? If you don't name it & condemn it you support it. How hard is it to condemn white supremacy & Nazis? #Charlottesville
Why can't you call out the white supremicists who did this?  Afraid of losing voters?
Condemn hate groups. Where r your thoughts 4 the victims of their violence? What are YOU going to do to denounce racists & their terrorism?
That's it?? Really unbelievable you are unwilling to say something to lose any white "nationalist" votes. An you want them to succeed
Where's your condemnation?
My Father: Arthur E. Hinson Sr.  WWII POW Battle of the Bulge.  He fought against the Nazis. Honor his memory.
incident in Seattle. name white supremacists as inciting domestic terrorism! What R U afraid of? stand against POTUS Bannon Gorka & Miller
WH advisors have seeded the alt right violence, bigotry and hatred. Stand up for Georgians & Condemn it now before another person dies
How about you send a tweet denouncing white supremacy and neo-nazis?? Or would that discourage your base?

#callitwhatitis
#liberty4all
These words mean nothing. Condemn white supremacy.
The violence is very much who you and your racist supporters are
You Trump-loving fool.
Law enforcement ain't the problem, boss.
It's leadership we need.
I'll stop with that before I say something deeply disrespectful.
How about standing up for all the people fighting against #WhiteSupremacy?
And aren't mass murders perpetrated by white men, often with racial animus, several times a year? Remember Dylan Roof?
I mean, ISN'T IT, kinda, tho? Like, didn't angry white supremacists descent from all over the US? And isn't it kinda all we are talking abt?
Okay... this is an okay first pass. You need to scratch "violence" and replace it with the appropriate term, "domestic terrorism" to start.
I'm disappointed that only one of my senators condemned the bigotry displayed by the "Alt Right".
Really David? Really? Not the people that got hit by a white supremacist? Not the families of those that were injured? You're just as bad
why the vagueness? do you mean the domestic terrorism and violence carried out by white supremacists?

Madison Square Garden, 1939
Worth remembering 
WE ARE STILL WAITING, SENATOR. CALL THIS WHAT IT IS, OR ARE YOU ONE OF THEM?
Where was this statement Fri. night when the nazis marched on the UVA campus?  Their racism and hatred isn't who we are as a country.
Why wait until they killed someone before speaking out?  Your silence emboldens and empowers these racists. #Charolettesville
Yes...they stood extremely still as the nazis pushed them 
I am so ashamed right now. Call it out, condemn the #Nazis #AltRight #WhiteSupremacists
Call it what it really is, Perdue! White Supremacists. Part of your base.
Where were your condemnations on BLM-silence-chirp chirp
where are your condolences to the family of the young woman who was killed by a white supremacist?
Condemn white supremacy.  The issue isn't vague:  seldom are the good guys and the bad guys so clearly demarcated.  Say the words.
If you don't specifically condemn white supremacy, you don't deserve to be a public servant.
Where is your condemnation of white nationalist terrorism and racism? Wake up. This will be remembered by history &voters #Charolettesville
Are you afraid to name the Nazis and the KKK? Update your statement immediately.
Senator: look at the profile of the freshman class at your alma mater; you no longer represent just old white people.  Please wake up!
Yet you continue to support the institutions and people who make this possible.
This is sad. Take a page from Sen. Isakson and try and be a real human being. This should be a no brainer.
Another politician offering platitudes in hopes that his constituents think he actually cares about something other than his family fortune.
You won't publicly condemn white supremacy? From ignoring our calls, refusing to meet, and now this? #voteperdueout
I dare you to stop using euphemisms like "the violence" and actually condemn the alt right.
PAID HILLARY CLINTON ,0BAMA ,George Sorros DNC Workers/We are all aware of where they are Trained and who pays them.
They were carrying Nazi flags, chanting about Jews. Call it out.
Your constant parroting of Trump will ensure you will NOT be re-elected. 
You've certainly shown what sort of GOP you are. #Complicit
@sendavidperdue is a straight up racist! FOR THOSE IN THE BACK.... DAVID PERDUE IS A RACIST
Say the word "terrorism," David.
If you do not help in removing Donald Trump from the WhiteHouse you are complicit in his treachery. #Kompromat
As a constituent of your state I demand that you help to expedite the Russia probe and remove Donald Trump who is a Russian asset.
As a constituent of your state I demand you draw up articles of impeachment against Donald J Trump and remove him from office. He's unfit.
Good luck with that; like so many in Congress & the WH, Perdue is a rich coward who will not bite the hand that feeds them....
If he refuses to denounce Trump he is complicit in everything that transpires as a result of Trump including #Charlottesville
How about condemning the NAZIS who were out there attempting, and succeeding, in killing people?
Nothing Senator Perdue, have you said would make terrorists in NC or among your supporters or anywhere ashamed.
As a US Senator, it is you duty to condemn hate groups and terrorism, even if that might upset some in your base. This is irresponsible.
Time to stop burying your head in the sand Senator, this is plainly GOP America now. What happened there has and easily could happen in GA.
Just in case your forgot, here's a reminder.
and yet you support a man who is the epitome of divisive. I'm your constituent too. Don't ignore me bc I don't fit the typical archetype.
Gutless wonder and an embarrassment to all Georgians.
Stop being as spineless as our president. Do better. We won't forget this come 2020
#tonedeaf
If you believe these words then stop supporting the man who is making us 'that' country #charlotesville
Yeah those police were working real hard to stop peaceful counter-protestors from getting maced, beaten, and rammed with a car. Top notch.
No mention of racists, no mention of Nazis, no mention of domestic terrorism. Coward.
this is weak, senator.
Man up Senator. Condemn the specific form of evil that propels a 20 year old to drive a car into a crowd of Americans protesting hatred.
You are so incredibly tone deaf. An embarrassment.
Your statement, like that of Donald Trump, sends a signal of support to the white supremacists and neo-Nazis in Charlottesville.
This is a pathetic response.  You need to condemn white supremacists and the hatred, bigotry, and divisiveness they stand for.
not enough. Condemn white supremacy. Condemn domestic terrorists. Send thoughts for victims. This is who we are until we name it & do better
I tried to like your comment twice but then it only toggles so just know I hearted it 5 times
Your comments are an embarrassment to those of us in GA. Name it! White supremacist terrorism. Why are you afraid? Shows complicity
What about the victims of white supremacist violence? Where is your sympathy? When will you name it, senator? What are you afraid of?
That's it? If you won't specifically reject the white supremacy behind this, you're either a coward or you agree with it. Or both.
You mean this guy? Pretty sure he'd appreciate your support by means of condemning the nazis.
No, the violence we saw *is* who we are as a country, and until you guys start calling this what it is, I'm assuming you're with the Nazis.
*white supremacy violence  FTFY, big guy
You're a coward David.
This is domestic terrorism, David. Say the words.
See @SenatorIsakson 's tweet. He knows how to do it.
This is so weak.
Condemn white supermacy now!
Pathetic statement. You're an embarrassment to our state
Lol. Thoughts and prayers to the nazis' fender damaged by the violent protestors' bodies. This lunatic is one of 100 senators. Amazing.
USA TerrorIst INSURGENCY in action -from deep red GA 3rd-complacency with Bannon/Alt Right- means GOP is complicit ISIS/Conf Flag same
I am so disappointed in your lack of leadership. Acknowledge the reality of this racist attack like many of your fellow GOP leaders. Simple.
Your cowardice is showing. Embarrassing that you can't call this tragedy what it is, a domestic terrorist attack by white supremacists.
Why didn't you condemn the hate groups (KKK, Nazis, white supremacists) who perpetrated this violence?  Very disappointed in my Senator.
Ironic it's reading the responses to your tweet, and not the tweet itself, that gives me hope #voteoutperdue2020
And nothing for the victims?
Wow.  Why is it so hard for you all to condemn these terrorists?
what a weak statement. any thoughts for the woman who was murdered or the kids who got the crap beat out of them?
Unfortunately this is very much who we are as a country - it woudn't have happened otherwise. Worth noting the hate groups vote Republican
Tell this to your Dems & stop their rhetoric of "hate Trump" "Resist" "not my Pres." who fuel the fire, not just white, blacks are racists
How about condemning the white supremacist? You and trump are two peas in a pod.
Not a single "thought and prayer" for the poor woman that lost her life because a domestic terrorist plowed his car into her?  Classy?
Your support of @realDonaldTrump has encouraged these neo-Nazi white supremacists. Trump's hatred of non-whites is obvious, and so is yours.
Your personality does not befit position of senator. You do not understand or really care about citizens. You resent the need to represent.
I think you missed something. Perhaps thoughts for the victims and their families?!
@sendavidperdue #condemnaltright #CondemnWhiteNationalists yes they form a part of the party's base but the #GOPpurgealtright must happen!
