You should rephrase. Your statement is that temperatures have been increasing constantly for 14 months. @CNN
Wonder what the Dinosaurs would say about that?
@tutzerjd 
if only they'd recorded it.
I figure these Climate Change Scientists could just squeeze some Dinosaurs doo doo and have all the answers!
@tutzerjd  
that's not how fossilisation works!   @tutzerjd
you get crushed fire opals.
Hi daytime viewer, it's actually #PokéMONnotPokeman (They're monsters, not men)
we r killing this planet!
....and Clinton and all her big-dollar donor fracking pals will see to it that it's done quickly & painfully.
prove it! This is one of the very few issues she & POTUS disagreed on. POTUS wants alternatives, prices r DOWN!
Your girl is a war pig and a money pig. 

Feel free voting for that trainwreck. 

It'll be on your conscience
my conscience is just fine thanx!! Haha! Don't lecture me RACIST-lover, lol, I've prob got mascara older than u!
Yeah. 

Feel free to fuck off. 

Have a nice night.
nite nite little boy! I'll just fuck right off & keep working 4 "my girl" HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
It happens. Look back to the #Future #CNN. Call up an older scientist already or look in a history book. I'm scared cause it's hot.
With this kind of global warming @CNN, Vikings will farm Greenland & Romans grow grapes again in England. Let us know when that happens!
how do they decide which temperatures to record and which not to yo? #confused
stop sending space ships up
what a bright future we have coming to us
Since records have been kept. Only a couple million years without records before that, so....
BOYCOTTCNNANDITSADVERTISERSBOYCOTTCNNANDITSADVERTISERSBOYCOTTCNNANDITSADVERTISERSBOYCOTTCNNANDITSADVERTISERS
prove it
NASA already did
i'd like to see how they put that data together. I keep up with weather data pretty much where i work.
weather and climate are different, you'd have to go to NASA's website, they should have some info there
where does ASHRAE get's their climate data from?
I have no idea what ASHRAE is XD
Really? American Society of Heating Refrigeration & Air Conditioning Engineers. They get their data from some gov agency
I'm... So... Confused...
and your queen Hillary won't do shit to fix it
yeah right. What's next? Saying guns kill people? Dang libturds
@zvoookillem but climate change isn't real 
Clinton News Network - Was this study done the same as the East Anglia scam?
Don'tworry about the heat trump says global warming is not real and we have nothing to worry about. Its a good thing he is so smart
ikr? Haven't had a good rain here in like 2 months LOL
We feel it here in Texas!!!!!!
But there's no global warming.
CNN should shut down to eliminate the significant carbon footprint from media operations.
Do something now. #StopClimateChange for your future
Not as hot as Kardashians.
how long have they been recording this,14 months?
no big deal if Republicans say climate change was dreamed up by liberals then, MUST b we found a way 2 make the sun get hotter,... SMH!
lobbyist have sold fossil fuels since 1937 when California trashed their fully electric statewide rail grid for diesel buses! Choked!
I do not need a water heater to heat my tap, the water feels like 140 degrees even when valve fully turned to cold! Burns to the touch!
is that for real?
@StevenRowland2
not good
we are about to become astronauts on our own planet. Excuses and fossil fuels have ravaged the ozone leaving us to feel the burn!
so what is your solution? Do nothing and blame everyone or unite the world and make a change before we need space suits on Earth!
It will immediately improve now that the wacko's have banned plastic bags in San Diego. Not to worry.
yeah, I think Global warming is actually a thing.  We need to get our heads out of the sand & lower our carbon footprint.
Not surprising given this hot Arizona summer...
We are getting to close to the sun and we need to chuck some #repubtards into space to correct our orbit #p2 #repubs #rwnj
not in Nova Scotia
And you're giving end to end coverage to a bloke who doesn't believe in global warming.
But no Global Warming according to sick Repugnicans.
Since 1850 when records began*
Republicans attribute this fact to the large number of non-Christians burning in Hell and warming the Earth through conduction...@CNN
.@CNN what's new. Happens every year. Temps only measured for last 130 years. 
http://www.cfact.org/2013/02/06/global-warming-was-never-about-climate-change/ …
Tell that to the Sno Ball repubs..
free energy! The solution is to find a way to harvest it and use it.
Aristotle believed that the Earth was the centre of the Universe; it stayed this way for 1800 years
they use facts and figures on climate change, but regarding black crime they say it's because uhhhh... school funding?
no joke I talked to a truck driver voting 4 trump about this issue.no lie told me that liberals are stupid and are making g.warming up
really ?that's surprising...what's that about? Hang on...a Pokemon...
Sooooooo we're all gonna die. Got it.
@brittanynb 
did you forgot to mention that those "hottest" figures only account for 0.0000000001% of the Earth's history? Temperatures fluctuate
AND THAT'S NOT GOOD, WE WILL
SOON FEEL THE EFFECTS OF THIS HEAT
WAVE, CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL, SEVERE
STORMS , FLOODING   TORNADOES!
Really? I didn't feel that.
crazy
was that covered at the #RNCatCLE ?
where are the one who once poked fun about the warming of the planet oh they're having a convention I'm sure this can be laughed off
that's how the earth rotates!
yea, there's no climate change....trump is an idiot
call Gore he does Not Care. And I dont either
Move along . . . nothing to see here, folks -@GOP
The planet has now had 14 consecutive months of the hottest temperatures ever recorded http://cnn.it/2a183t0  
And global warming isn't real. Yeah right.
#planetEarth'slifematters
@Rybeckford  the sun sucks
my priority list: #1 Education #2 Environmental change #3 protecting our country #4 creating more jobs. But what does my opinion matter
welcome to the start of hell !
but tell us again why you won't report on it daily...
bullshit
Seriously people, this not a good thing & nothing to be proud of!
im sure there were hotter days before recordings happened
So no danger of ice age the next decade or so.
Once upon a time, there was an itty bitty chicken whose name was Chicken Little
Obamas fault no doubt investigate Hilary also!
But keep sucking Hillary's cock & promoting her & her fracking plans. 

 #ImWithHer 
 #ClintonNewsNetwork
how long has man been recording the earth temperature.
and still many people believe there is no global warming
but but but, breitbart told me that an oil funded think tank disproved all of this lol
it was also El Nino this past winter but whatever.
And the GOP denies that this phenomenon called global warming is happening and want to stop the work of healing our planet
I live in MA ... I'm sure temps will drop soon enough
wow it's hotter than #Hilary's hard drive...
@CNN
evidently you are part of the Denial cult - 
how sad for you.  Science Reality Facts
Your grasp of reality is Fragile. 'bye.
fucking hell,it must be sweatin like a pig
temps go up, temps go down, and the world keeps going round and round
until it doesn't...
