Thank you for this. Thank you for hearing us.
@onlxn GIVE IT UP. Focus on fighting RESULTS not intentions. IF @realDonaldTrump proposes bigoted legislation,FIGHT LIKE HELL
Show me a bigoted clip of him anywhere. He has always worked w/Jews, POC and gays! You divide, #Trump Unites FO asshat!
Just read Breitbart News. It called Kristol a “renegade Jew.” Told x-wife didn’t want kids studying with Jews.
ren·e·gade noun
a person who deserts & betrays an organization country or set of principles http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/05/15/bill-kristol-republican-spoiler-renegade-jew/ …
This has noting to do with him being Jewish.
careful, your ignorance is showing. Maybe you shouldn't believe everything you read on CNN. Lots of Jewish leaders call BS.
@ammboston 
Strategic Studies expert Nikki Haley Sec. of State asked,"KIm Jong Goo Pan leader of North or South Dakota?"
Thank you for publicly speaking out against this.
@1099rock Go for Senator Durbin. Illinois Democratic. 
If only the people who liked this could have also hit the RT button!
I was just going to call you to make sure you were going to fight this!  #NoBannon
Thank you for adding your voice, Senator.
Support @SenatorDurbin 's position by CALLING house reps and senators also condemning Bannon.
And soon THIS:
thank you for pubilcally speaking out against the appointment of Steve Bannon
thank you sir, I'm proud to have you representing my state! #DumpBannon #DumpTrump
the senate can hold up other confirmations til bannon is let go...
will you issue a press release stating your opposition to Bannon's appointment like Jan Schakowsky?
@onlxn Bannon has said he wants to "destroy" the left. Watch out, working women. This guy wants you back in the kitchen.
Thank you Senator Durbin for speaking out!
Thank you for speaking up on behalf of your Illinois constituents!
I'm raising my voice! Be strong and fight for us!
Have you added your name to the petition, or spoken directly to our president-elect?
thanks for hearing our #overtime concerns from the #SHRMVLS leaders today. @SHRMATeam  welcomes your support.
For the first time in my life I called my reps in DC today, including your office; thank you for standing up to Bannon.
tell the other Illinois Senator @MarkKirk to have the courage to condemn Steve Bannon being anywhere near the whitehouse!
When will you make a formal statement about this?? Will you just tweet when GOP dismantles Medicare too?!?!
We need to count on you to raise your voice!
Thank you, Senator. Sincerely appreciate you taking a stand on this!
Sorry for voted for you.
Dems need 2grow backbone fast.If it was other way around #GOP would be having congress investigations by now.@nowkimmie8264
Thank you for this message and your efforts, Senator.
@mikepence Call, because the GOP really cares to hear the LW complain about cabinet choices... #SpiritCooking
in that case trump is woefully unfit. #ResistRacism
I didn't know there were rules under fachist rule #notmypresident
Senator, thank you. I am a constituent in 60634. Keep fighting!
please stand up to Trump. His presidency will be horrifying.
- you're totally unfit to serve but it's never stopped you
@NekoCase Please urge everyone you know to call or email their Senators & Congress reps and protest Bannon in WH, Please RT!
@BobVorwald Senator, didn't u say in your last debate that states should decide gay marriage? "States rights" = bigotry, no?
doesn't that...also apply to the president?
@MichellePKern 
So if we force Bannon to be on the phone or have a visitors pass,  that is a victory? 
Gtfoh
funny but you didn't raise an eyebrow about Valerie Jarrett? you also need to look up the definition of bigotry.
That "quote" is a made up smear.
okay, take that away then for arguments sake.  so you're probably okay with this then? http://bit.ly/2gmb1xa  How's that?
Sorry, I'm not seeing anything there about Jarrett actively promoting vicious bigotry. Or much about VJ herself, actually.
then you have a typical blind spot, Trump can choose who he wants and I don't think hypocritical whining will change anything.
It's too bad you chose to leap to that judgment instead of engaging with what I wrote. Have a nice day.
I think Durban and yourself are the ones jumping to judge here,  have a nice day.
@layla07122   I like Bannon! Deal with it.
agreed me too but liberals are going to whine that's what they do best
Roger that, Layla! Losers will whine.
coming from one of the most corrupt states in the USA that's rich
thank you for speaking up. As we tell your staff when we call, it's impt even though the position doesn't require sen conf
@BrianGr72327841  Please do, Sen Durbin.
Dear @SenatorDurbin  The sitting NSA Chief has publicly stated Russia tampered in our election. Where are you?
Yes please Ban Bannon from the White House!!!!
my voice is raised. Hear me yelling "get that misogynistic racist out of our white House!"
@KaivanShroff absolutely ~ we all need to shout loud and clear!
.@SenatorDurbin please try to get @SenSchumer to see that chasing the WWC into republicanland is a fool's errand...our problem was Bernie
if you chase a demographic with even less clout next time around than this, then you guys are incompetent  @SenSchumer
don't be incompetent  @SenSchumer
@mikepence I'm feeling 4 u, Michael Bolton.  
Don't stop there. The mere consideration of Bannon is outrageous. Incoming administration announcing what they really are.
@onlxn u got to pass background checks to get min paying job! But Trump may waive bannon thru. Wow
Thank you for speaking out against this insanity and racism, Senator. Please continue to fight.
This is so dumb. The real issue is not that Bannon is a bigot (which is questionable) but that he is an utter tool.
@onlxn thank you, Senator
.@SenatorDurbin @onlxn Remember when Republicans forced Van Jones out? Me too.
Thank you for publicly speaking out against this.
Did you do this to Obama? Just stop this nonsense.
Thank you, Senator. So glad you're fighting this.
"it isn't senate confirmed" so call your senators!
thank you for standing up and responding to our calls!
Thank you senator. As an Illinois constituent, I expect you to speak for us on this matter. No question: Bannon should be out
@mikepence https://www.facebook.com/events/1196765887068283/?ti=icl … lots of small doable action steps you can take here!
go fly a kite for 4 years
@blkkcatt you must stand up, this is tyranny history will remember ppl will This #unwillingidiot is #UNFIT #TreasonousTrump
Have you reached out to Trump, Pence or Ryan regarding the Bannon appt? Take any route, find strange bedfellows, etc. Fight.
You must hold DAILY news conferences to stop a White House infested with hate and bigotry! Silence is acceptance!
do you think enough of the Rep Senators will vote against him?
@TeeTweetsHere Okay. How do I do that most effectively? I live in Chicago and I think Steve Bannon is disgusting.
thank you Sen. Durbin for keeping the pressure on
thank you Senator
Can there be a bi-partisan Senate bill denouncing this appointment?
Still waiting for any ACTUAL evidence of his wrongdoing.
Bannon must not be allowed to bring his own brand of racism to The White House. He must be stopped at all costs.
Why would you use the dehumanizing slur word "racist"? #CryWolf #keepFearAlive
Thank you.
Congress appropriates, right? NOT ONE CENT of taxpayer money should go to this fascist. NO budget for the WH until he's gone.
THANK YOU
@starfirst he's not budging and neither is trump. He is in a "f" you mode so no matter what everyone else says, he will do.
no way! He can't be allowed to!
Provide the quotes and citations please.
.@SenatorDurbin He doesn't listen to anyone.  If ivanka has no influence, try Tel Aviv? @MarkLarson76
@fahyhallowell ya right with all those ass kissers in the Republican Party have got the guts sir
Thank you for this statement. I've raised my voice and will keep going
As a Chicago resident, I thank you for standing up against Bannon's appointment.
get your facts before spreading this. Stop being a sheep
you're darn right.
thank you! Totally agree and will continue to raise my voice against this type of hate speech!
biased opinion just to advance your agenda
Senator Durbin, please don't roll over and play nice with the Republicans.  America can't take it.
what do your R colleagues think? Have you heard from them?
They SHOULD be more nervous than Dems. Getting a closer look at the wrecking crew at the heart of the campaign.
thank you Sen Durbin! Super proud to have you represent our state. Keep it up! 
@RepBost check out the foolishness that @SenatorDurbin is spewing to us in your district...an embarrassment to our state. #suspendfilibuster
Thank you for speaking up!
TRIGGERED!
Can you please state the specifics or give examples on why you say this? I sooo wish I had a real senator in IL.
the dems had their turn, they are the biggest race baitors out there. You should worry about the hundreds killed in Chicago.
#notmypresidentelect
your incompetence with knowing what your constituents want make you unfit to serve
smears an honorably discharged Navy officer for political purposes. He is willfully ignorant of the truth, doesn't want it!

from a Senator that compared our troops to Pol Pot
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin !
Doesn't he need security clearance?
Steve Bannon’s bigotry qualifies him for the Democrat party
*raises voice* Steve Bannon is highly qualified, is not racist, nor a bigot and will be a great mix with @Reince Preibus
He's a wife beating Anti-Semite who's unfit to work at a Waffle House, much less the White House.
he owns a website that some  posted anti-semite things on. Divorced couples say horrid shit to get cash.
A lot of us raised our voices nov 8th but weren't heard. How can they be now? @SenatorDurbin @GreatDismal
thank you @SenatorDurbin for speaking out!
might want to go ahead and investigate the hacking of the election. Really soon. Like before the Electoral College meets
START WITH THESE STATES !!!!AND FLORIDA PLEASE.
Bankers Who Should Have Gone to Jail are Wrecking the Economy Again
and your not fit to be a senator
and you're a new troll to block
