How did Obama break it?
Higher taxations and more regulations.
Trickle down economics doesn't work. It's absolutely laughable
Explain how it won't work. Simply saying it doesn't work isn't enough. Stop watching Bill Maher. Ask Henry Ford.
ok, reganomics did nothing to improve the lives of the middle class in the 80's. More wealth was generated, sure.
but it went to the top 1%. Reagan created the national debt with outrageous tax cuts to billionaires and defense spending
Wow Regan created the national debt? Do you know what national debt is? What a dummy.
But Humpty Trumpty and his following need their safe space. Illegals are eating all their Mickey Dees.
Pretty sure the safe space thing was created by liberals and sjws
pretty sure you can't tell sarcasm
Cons use the safe space thing all the time. That's why I used it.
Cons don't have safe spaces. The hell are you pulling that from?
I don't remember giving you permission to tweet. Be VERY careful what you do next.
Who the fuck you think you are? This ain't your platform.
undocumented people are criminals. Their lack of documentation is a violation of Federal Law. See that? -VJ
Actually they aren't criminals, it's a civil offense not a criminal offense.
Good grief. Where do you people come from? It's a CRIME. Period. Read. Learn. Please! -VJ
: Its very name says what it is: ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION. If you forgot, ILLEGAL means, AGAINST THE LAW
My point was never that it wasn't against the law. Read carefully, my point is that unlawful stay is a CIVIL law
DACA implies they aren't undocumented Bernie. What is the same is they remain ILLEGAL ALIENS. Get your logic straight.
@Gloriavonv So it makes my job easier to tag 'emu and bag 'em! 
#DACA is DOA on 20 January 2017. As it should be. You don't reward illegality, regardless of its "reasons". Period.
Besides, so far I am all-in, with AG Sessions & General Mad Dog Mattis as the Sec Def!! Hooah!  Law & Order FTW
He will be confirmed - the Republicans hold the Senate & will vote to confirm him. He will be an awesome AG.
Based upon that, I have no doubt that Senator Sessions will be confirmed as AG, as he should be. He will be great.


http://www.newsweek.com/hillary-clinton-wins-election-alternate-universe-524623 … DONT WORRY I WON #BERNIE LOOSER! WE WILL MAKE #SOCIALISM GRAT AGAIN! #SAVEDACA ALL PEOPLE ARE CITIZENS!
.@SenSanders Using "undocumented" propaganda negates nay credibility. Get criminals out of the shadows & out of the USA. 8 U.S. Code § 1324
support you more than ever.. what is the plan to #SaveDACA ?
Do we have a country with laws or not? Do we all get to pick and choose what laws to follow? Makes no sense. Sends bad message.
and send them back home so we can care for our homeless and veterans
you're insane
<<WHY DID YOU &YOUR DEMCOHOLIC'S LEADERS TALKED THESE ILLEGAL PPL INTO THE SHADOW 1st PLACE SANDERS MESS PRES-TRUMP WILL FIX IT
also known as federal felons, illegal aliens, border jumpers, lifelong criminals & unregistered Democrats. Need them illiterate!
Yeah bring them out so they can vote for you, could even steal from American workers and give it to them via the welfare state.
and send them the hell home - we can not afford to pay for them or for them to steal our jobs! #buildtheWall #MAGA #deportthem
They are not in the shadows. Build the wall and deport them all. #endDACA
@BIGSHOW401 lol. @SenSanders  trying his best to remain relevant. Hows that beach house, #SelloutSanders? 
#screwDACA
We don't need the law. We need to make thousands of people who brake it happy!
believe the word you're looking for is "break"
Yup! My bad!
América the great we are #notmypresident
no they need to get out and keep the illegal people out of here I was with you Bernie..Americans need these jobs not them
thank
And a president elect to release his taxes.
Nobody gives a shit about his taxes. Mind your own damn business.
#Trump hasn't been sworn in & the pleasure from listening to insufferable liberals has surpassed my expectations
You obviously have a penchant for being lied to.
The dems proved they aren't serious about change with their choice to stick with Pelosi.  Time for new party!  #Feelthebern
yes and send them back where they came from and come in legally I don't need to support them with our taxes!!!
and throw them back to where they came from
we also need to curb illegal immigration so that illegals don't take taxpayer money, guess that's not happening
A BUNCH OF them could live in one of your 3 
You LEFTISTS love to complain as U swipe up every possible 
CHNG STARTS W/ U
Secure the border 1st. Then we can talk about illegal immigrants opportunities.
Ok. How about your house Bernie?
I think you might appreciate this: http://softskull.com/dd-product/walls/ …
let's HOPE and PRAY that @realDonaldTrump understands the importance of keeping our families together..#saveDACA
together in the country of their citizenship
together where they have lived for 10-20 years...here in the USA
may they rise. Seriously, may they rise and be not afraid
we need a wall around Morton County sheriff's department. #NoDAPL
they need to enter our country the legal way. Not given a pass for coming here illegally
yes out of the shadows so we can deport them. Then build a wall to ensure they stay the fuck out!!!
If most Americans believed that, you'd be the #POTUS2016. You're not, and we don't. #MAGA #LiberalMeltdown #LiberalHypocrites
and send them the fuck out of america to come back legally.
Bernie wants more giveaways
Thank you so much, Bernie Sanders
my man
Why does "feeling sorry for the unfortunate illegals" supersede helping those unfortunate Americans that are hurting?
I read about billions of dollars spent on illegals & I couldn't get a 3-month extension on my $780 a month unemployment this yr.
a wall would do that
@odalysxxo and then deport them.
...or a wall..
You're full of shit Bernie. No we don't.
@OurRevolution YES, and bring them into the sunlight of #GUADALAJARA
What about the millions of American citizens & legal green card holders who also dream of a better life? How about their dreams?
Everyone make sure to visit Uncle Bernie...his house is open to YOU..YOU..and YOU! Merry Christmas 
Bernie you m like a nice guy, but with statements like this I'm glad your not my President. President Trump build that wall!
This moron tweets more than President Elect Trump!
this is the definition. If insanity...then you encourage more undocumented "illegal" aliens. It's not that hard to understand
open the emails of Hillary if u want to be president in 4 years. U allowed Hillary to bully u around, have guts and expose her.
you are elected as a law maker, not someone who supports law breakers. Well unless that's all @TheDemocrats stand for now.
so backwards
Out of the shadows and back to their country of origin
no way we can build a wall in 4yrs, can't even build a bridge in that time
Mr. Sanders, thank you for President Trump!  Couldn't have done it without you!
They aren't undocumented, they are illegal aliens which means they are breaking the law. Don't reward criminal behavior!
Take them out of the shadows and deport them all. Make America American Again. #MAGA
Hows the Beach House, Sandy? Nope  Sandy we need to kill DACA & strengthen the border, sorry your maid will have to go...
Why don't you pay for them
Translation: We need to let as many illegals stay and pour on so democrats can get more votes.
Shadows are the perfect place for paying them very low salaries and taking their taxes and SS contributions with no benefits
Trump: "The wall just got 10' higher." 
so says the guy whom the democrats built a wall around. Next!!!
Why don't you let at least 50 illegal aliens live in each of your 3 homes and then we'll talk?
lol your a hot mess 
If you do not intend to uphold & enforce U.S. law, you do not need to be a U.S. representative
when there all gone they will say to the bad ones what the F did you do you cost me everything!  They will control the bad ones
We need a wall to keep the criminal and terrorists out.
and yes not all are bad I get it but you punish them all and they will learn to control their own people
the ALT left has to realize these people need a TIME OUT when they learn to behave then can come back!
how's the beach house? #SellOut
We need to reunite them with their families in their homeland!
that time anymore the ALT left needs to wake up the OSU students are far more important to this country than a Somali refuge
are they going to pay taxes though? Are they going to assimilate and speak English? Are they going to contribute?
this is not the 20s and 30s when hardworking immigrants came into the country and help build it earth to you we don't live in
we don't pander to criminals, senator. enforce the laws, enforce and protect u s jobs and they'll leave on their own
:no Bernie were getting those lawbreakers out of here I'm tired of paying for them! Don't worry Pelosi I'll put it to him
We need to throw them over the wall along with their anchor babies.
wrong we need to take millions of people out of the country. Do you understand Somali refugee key word refugee !!!
Are you footing the bill, Bernie?
no bernie. we need to stop the flow. return them. get them vetted and documented to insure paying taxes. then path to citizen.
Once all undocumenteds are gone who will do the work they did for min wage? The people who screamed the loudest won't.
yes and let them all stay with you in your new socialist beach house. Or was that a payoff from #Clinton?
No wonder your party doubled the national debt in 8 short years.Throw more $ @ ILLEGAL aliens? Nope.
we also need to change how difficult it is to become a citizen/legal immigrant.
we need to send them back to where they came from and make them come here legally.
Will you join with Republicans to #saveDACA?
Undocumented = law breakers
can't they just legally apply for legal naturalization like our legal ancestors did legally?

#legally?
Naturalization is a Kind.
all we're talking is legal vs illegal.  yes naturalization is a legal means.
Founders limited naturalization to their own natural kind. Congress has no legal authority unnaturalize USA.
Out of the shadows and back home. Why should I have support people here illegally? You need to retire. Total joke. #BuildTheWall
out the shadows and out of the country, they are criminals being illegal
#IllegalAliens are literally across the street from my house Shall I send them to Vermont? #EndDaca #BuildTheWall #AmericaFirst
wake up maggot! Go play senator with the rest of the liberal kids & let the big boys show ya how it's done!

Yes, so they can be promptly deported.
probably end up with a decorative hedgerow at this rate.
isn't it easier for them to sexually molest you in the shadows
Yes, by all means, take the illegals out of the shadows.

Makes it easier to ID & deport them that way. :D
Why not prioritize legal, high-skilled #H1B non-immigrants? #HR213
Need to ship you to Russia.
Oh, they have been out of the shadows for awhile.
The lefties need illegal immigrants to mow their lawn, clean their house, and all of the humdrum task they're too good to do.
... And send them back to Mexico.
i hear it's bright and sunny back home where they are documented already
I hope you are pushing to include H-2B returning worker exemption in DHS funding bill FY2017 #saveH2B
Come live in Arizona and tell me that you damned carpetbagger.
is that legal.

how are those mutually exclusive?
You sold out Bernie. You are no longer entitled to your say. Legal entry is the way forward.
Bernie go buy another 600k house we will take out of shadows in MX build the wall put Bernie on other side in new house!!!
Mexico is 10th wealthiest country in world. They don't need to invade the US with their poor andcriminals.
They are illegal, not "undocumented" Thank God Democrats lost miserably.
what illogical hogwash. But I have to jump through hoops to even suppose I will get an H1B!
I'm with you, Bernie- but I gotta say if they come outta the shadows now who knows what heinous thing Trump will do to them!
@ChristianDems We wouldn't have had you not conducted a smear campaign during the primary!
you mean the shadows of the big wall?
Is shadows slabs for every restaurant kitchen
exactly so they can be arrested for being here ILLEGALLY,  great idea
https://www.gofundme.com/WillDemsLeadByExample …
live in border towns and you will learn why we need a wall.  #LatinosAgainstDACA
#shutup
Not bad for someone who's been living off the taxpayer for decades.
And your plan to secure the border is what exactly?
Maybe some of them can stay at one of your three homes, eh? Or sleep in your new car?
You're right. Too many of the illegals didn't vote for me out of fear this year. We won't make that same mistake again.
Come to any Federal courthouse on a Naturalization day and say that with a straight face to people who did it LEGALLY
There's no such thing as an undocumented person. Illegal aliens on the other hand.....
Maybe you dems need to find ways of finding new voters besides importing them...
we need to make America KIND again
And make a wall out of them? That sounds very inhumane.
this is what you need...
Yes!
No no, Bernie. To save time let me say you won't find them in the shadows. They're actually in line for welfare.
@TonkaToy_1 We need to stop interfering in the democracies of Latin American Countries like Brazil, Honduras and Guatemala
undocumented people aren't supposed to be here, Bernie.
Can they stay in your second or third homes Senator?
Americans 2 need 2 come out & have basic NEEDS met
We need a secure border to control who comes in, to get rid of those convicted of serious crimes, then deal humanely with others
@thatrottonapple we need a wall
@CasadySpencer *out of the country
it'll cost him his second term
correct
The shadows are all they have left now that #Trump is #PEOTUS
how do yo purpose  to save DACA... WHATS YOUR PLAN. YOUR A SENATOR. WRIGHT A BILL THAT MAKES SENSE  WORK WITH TRUMP NOT AGAINST
The only Wall Trump is building is a money Wall of Tax cuts for the rich. The rest is smoke and mirrors. But we see him
Absolutely! Walls don't do anything but create more hate. We have enough of that.
. We need Trump to NOT be president, Pence either. One is just as bad as the other. Do something
give em free healthcare and education
#BERNIE2020
Bernie please focus on getting rid of Trump and his developing nazi group.
My wife's legal immigration cost us nearly $20,000. 
Are you going to cut us a refund check?
