Sounds apocalyptic. Keep fighting, Senator!
The fact that Chgo remains #1 murder capital under Your and Rahm Emanuel's leadership requires an explanation! 
St Louis, Baltimore, and Detroit are top 3 cities w/highest murder rates. Chicago has been unfairly labeled 2 long.
Please do all you can to insure that next justice confirmed to SCOTUS fair an impartial, not Trump puppet
This is a big red flag!
GOP agenda is the deconstruction of American democracy? Your complicity is treason. How can you destroy the US?
Give em hell Dick. IL behind you.
President Trump won he get to pick the Judges @SenatorDurbin lead follow or get out of the way. When is your next So. IL TH?

Brilliantly stated!
The vision to follow law and not left wing ideaology. There. Explained. You still won't understand.
if that's true we sure don't need him on the Supreme Court.
@WarmGingerTea He shouldn't get a hearing until after Garland's is finished.
Agreed! #NoGarlandNoGorsuch
What happened to our IL Sen D we used to look up to as Hero no stop get job done Durbin? Miss him! Gorsuch very good u know!
Oh!? You mean you need to ask him why he believes in the Constitution? By all means .Please do ask him and let him TELL YOU!
Because of #TrumpRussia he shouldn't be allowed to pick anybody for anyone, russia is picking our cabinet #DworkinReport
reject Gorsuch we don't need another Trump
whoa, HUGE red flag!
We need 3 more Neil Gorsuch's on the Supreme Court. Law do have some meaning.
n Talk about disqualifing traits!
Why are there Gorsuch commercials??
: As a constituent, I implore you-no action on Gorsuch until a full investigation into administration's Russia ties is done.
from a constituent, I second that
@truth_trumpet  Alrighty then....let him sit there like they did Garland
Mr Durban. All I am hearing is obstructionism. What are you and dems doing to move FORWARD?
i want an independent investigation to the whitehouse  telling the fbi to stop investigating trump and russia now
sac of  Durbin explanation of the obviovious
this concerns many Illinoisans who do not share in "the Donald Trump vision."
Thank you for standing up to tyranny. Can't have mindless hate in the highest court. Now to do something about Bannon.#resist
please explain r twist it up what u mean r have Kelly Conway tangle words up BS style-
Senator, will you ask the question?
Dick - take a deep breath.  The world will be ok.  Work on fixing Chicago's rampant crime. That should keep you busy.
Encourage the investigation into Russia/trump ties.
you had BETTER not give any nominee not named Garland hearing. Grow a spine !!!
Please don t allow him to be our next SC Justice.
Dear Senator, I am a constituent. Gorsuch needs to be BLOCKED ala Merrick. To even consider hearings is appalling.
Does these mean he condones banning religious groups, not paying taxes, treating women poorly and drunk tweeting at 3 a.m.?
stay focused on Trump investigation and do not allow Gorsuch nomination. Make him repeal 60 vote
serving America with honour. Open investigation of the new administration is now becoming critical. Get the gang together !
why? Because he's not a socialist like you?
we still want @GarlandSCOTUS
why does the constitution need explanation?
Yes. Trump doesn't care about the Constitution. No hearing, no vote.Payback for the seat they stole from Obama.
No Trump justice. Having 8 in SCOTUS will be have it's problems, but all the horror & noise from the WH will provide cover.
Thanks to the @GOP best friend Harry Reid it doesn't matter what want!
implying he doesn't understand or care about the constitution?
. @SenatorDurbin He should not be confirmed.
It most certainly does! He has a warped systemic belief N what an American is History is lost with him & so is common sense
DTs vision is one that scares me to death
it's pretty self explanatory "IF" you paid attention to @POTUS comments during and after his campaign on choosing Justices
are democrats sooo weak that they will just hand the last check and balance to bannon? NO USSC HEARINGS!  @SenateDems
I'm from IL-16 Belvidere and I trust/support your judgment on Judge Gorsuch
on Donald Trump's vision: his head is so far up his ass, he can see Sarah Palin's house
NO USSC HEARINGS!! Period, 4-4 works just fine because forces both sides to reach concensus on all rulings! @SenSchumer
Why does he get a hearing? How are the Republicans able to change the rules at will?
