Glad you are ok Dick. DON"T REPEAL OBAMACARE EVER
Thank you Senator Durbin for doing the Right Thing for our Country!!  The Affordable Care Act moves our country forward!
Please recommend a list of actions we can take to support resistance to this unconscionable bill. Thanks.
Thank you!
For those of us who vote I for one thank you for your service.And I work to retire those like @RodneyDavis who voted for trumpcare
Agree. Could you promote, publish or summarize in your newsletter the concept and cost of Medicare for All bill?  Thanks.
Thank you for your commitment and courage to stand up for your constituents.  And glad you are doing well yourself.
I am so proud to be represented by @SenatorDurbin, @SenatorDuckworth and @RepCheriBustos We are far better off than so many others-thanks!!
. I had higher hopes for Trump but it looks like he is trying to tear down every good thing there is in America and lining his own pockets
Wishing our @Senatordurbin a speedy recovery. Thank you for you having our backs in this war on the American people
I sure hope something is done because the message current politicians are sending is that the poor and ill of America don't count.
These Republicons have now lost my vote til the end of the ages.  Enough said.
I support Senator Durbin's comments.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin  for all your support in helping maintain some kind of integrity in Washington DC. Proud that you represent IL.
The "religious right" loves to wave a cross in everyone's face. They should read Matthew 25:40.
Please know how proud I am to have a Senator who cares about the people he represents. Keep up the fight, sir.
I’m with Dick!
@SenatorDurbin has joined our ranks of previously existing conditions. I know how he feels! Perhaps he can lead us away from #NoTrumpCare!
Thank you Senator Durbin.  We need more people like you!!!!
Thank you for caring.  Please don't let this nightmare really happen.
Medicare For All!!! Insurance companies & politicians cannot be trusted with securing the American people's healthcare!!!Medicare For All!!!
Senator Durbin, Glad to hear you are doing OK.  Thanks for your letter & all your efforts on our behalf.  Keep up the great work.  Thanks!
Stop Trump !!! All he cares about is the wealthy . He is making it impossible for the little people to survive!
Thank you!
Thank you for believing that all American's deserve affordable and comprehensive health care.
Thank God for you @SenatorDurbin
Thank you @SenatorDurbin .  You met my Maria @ your DC breakfast & agreed that alopecia is a disease deserving care. @GOP hates kids!
@PeterRoskam  Watch Mr. Durbin & learn how 2 represent us.  I'm ashamed you're from Elmhurst.  Shame on you & @RepKinger & @RepHultgren too.
Thank you for representing IL well, Senator Durbin. My ?, do Illinoisans who voted for #Trump truly know they're being thrown under the bus?
Keep up the good fight Dick!
I'll be happy when ALL Americans have the same health care coverage that Congress does!
Thank you Dear Senator, for standing up to tyrants  and oppression. Not just for your constituents, but for all Americans!
Thanks for your support and Shame on the Republicans for pushing such a disaster thru the House. Funny that they exempted themselves from it
Thank you Senator for fighting for the people. The HouseGOP has shown their ignorance and cruel disregard for the people's health.
We wouldn't be having this problem if the United States joined the rest of the world for #SinglePayer DECADES ago.
Thank you, Senator Durbin. I am proud to be one of your constituents. Please keep up your good work, and be well!
Thank you working for the people and not for a sound bite.
Thanks for looking out for us!
Like so many others, my family's lives are threatened by this legislation. Thank you, Senator.
Very happy that you represent us in the Senate!
The Republicans see  the world as winners and losers. That's not enough. They want  losers in the ACA repeal to suffer ands die.T
Thank you for caring about the well-being of our citizens.
Thank you, Senator, for opposing this disgraceful abandonment of the American people by the Republican majority in the House.
Why haven't Dems introduced a bill to fix and patch holes in ACA? Lead, don't just obstruct like GOP did for years. Have solutions!!!!!
Millions lost their Doctors, millions lost insurance and Dick here defends it. When somethings broke you fix it except if your democrat.
You know what's more disgraceful? The fact that doctors aren't being reimbursed for healthcare because the state has stopped paying them.
Thank you!  This vote is disturbing on so many levels. Glad I can count on you!
GOP ain't shit to me
Say I live in the land of the free
Looking at my health care fee
That's bullshit to me
#Micropoetry 
Its passive culling. Good grief.
You are duly noted:
Voices of liberation,

can't be silenced,…
Proud of my state senators, thank u for standing up with ur constituents
Time for a do over by Senate to truly optimize healthcare.  Not a mad dash to Repeal & screwing up the Replace part like House attempted.
Thank you Senator. You & Sen Duckworth make IL proud.
TRUMPCARE the Death Panel Shara Palin brought up !!!
Thank you Senator. I will fight with you. This was an evil move by a bunch of haters profiting from misery. I hope they suffer too.
Thanks, @SenatorDurbin. Please filibuster against #AHCA!
best of luck, sir. I'm sure it won't be easy, but never forget how many people are on your side
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin.  We must get rid of Shimkus!
Please continue the good fight against this disgusting repeal!!
It's up to you in the Senate now, Mr. Durbin. I know you'll keep fighting for us. Thanks for all you do!
If fighting 4 us is keeping that BS #ObamaCare. Then he isn't fighting for US. Also #Trumpcare isn't that good either. Identity politics BS
Thank you sentor @SenatorDurbin for fighting for what's right!
Thank u sir for our ethical service.  I have been in tears since vote, mourning the country I have love for 71 years.
Thank you for actually caring about the well-being of your constituents unlike some of your peers.
Thank you, Senator.
Single payer health care. The only solution.  The time is NOW, the GOP has made clear their priorities
Thank you!!
Thank you. You give us HOPE!
Do you have a statement on your disgraceful tenor as senator?
Thank you Sen. Durbin.  It really does make me feel better knowing that yourself and @SenDuckworth are fighting for us.  Thank you!!!
You will have my support, and my Republican House neighbors do not.  Lack of due diligence & compassion does not serve Illinois citizens
Well said @SenatorDurbin
Well said! @SenatorDurbin
We will see Dick. We will see.
It sucks
Each Rep should vote the conscience of their Constituents, without Party political pressure.
#Obstructionist #Democrats have no Policies! Since 2010 they lost the #House, #Senate, #Governor races and the #Presidency! LOSERS!
Defeat
Thank you for standing against this willful devastation of people's lives.
Does this bill cancel anyone's insurance? Btw you do have Medicare for your healthcare, don't you?
looks like they kept the ACA for themselves
im an illlinois supporter and we are depending on you and others in office to help us!!
Please do something to help this mess 
Thanks Sen Durbin. I'll b making a small contribution to your next election TODAY. Say bye  @RepKinzinger #11.6.18
Thank you. let's defeat this offensive bill. Does anyone who is affected support this abomination?  I have not seen any positive comments.
Proud that you represent us @SenatorDurbin. Oh and @RepKinzinger @RepHultgren @PeterRoskam we are coming for your jobs in 2018!
Thank you for standing up to this shameful act Senator. Just unbelievable what happened today. Healthcare is not a tool for political stunts
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin, in advance, for the work you'll be doing on this. Your constituents appreciate you.
Comrade Durbin is talking like the republicans are democrats in sheep skins.
Thanks Senator! You're right- we're ready for bi-partisan cooperation not taunting & flat-out lying.
 that's rich coming from a guy who's party shoved Obamacare down our throat "W/Out even Reading it" spent $billions on Failed exchanges
cute little trump bot don't get sick lol;)
How many providers are left in the state under the #ACA ? don't just grandstand, answer for a change. I have many other issues with it

This bill, which I do not support doesn't change healthcare. It changes health insurance. Quit conflating the two
Your last line applies equally to the ACA and this new bill. Scrap both and work together.
Thanks Senator for standing up for the least among us in our state.
Thank you Senator Durbin.
Are you ready to fight for us @SenatorDurbin ?
Thank you for working to protect Illinoisans.
Your lack of enforcing immigration law is disgraceful. 
An overcrowded third world communist society isn’t what I want for my children!
Thank you for your taking this stand, Senator.  I'm proud to have you and Sen. Duckworth representing me.  You're two of the "good guys"
What happened to by the people and for the people?  Congress exempts themselves from healthcare laws.  Disgraceful!
Thank you for this forceful statement against the @HouseGOP's cowardly actions today #Trumpcare
Thank you so much! I, like others in my place, do not want my condition to destroy my family's future.  Thanks again for all you do!
So is the democratic strategy here to hope these pro-repeal votes lose their seats to democrats? That isn't enough.
Thank you, Senator. The country is going backwards. Your voice is more important than ever. #SaveACA
My @RepLoudermilk just voted for #AHCA to strip away strong legal #ACA Protections to affordable care for us
GetItRight @SenAlexander
Well said Senator. Thank you!
I like it when you're mad. Go get 'em! (And thank you for your work on our behalf.)
Counting on you & your fellow Senators to give us a health care system where we don't have to wonder how we're going to get/pay for coverage
Sighing with relief.  God Bless You, Senator.  Now fight in the Senate to stop this outrage.
Nice to see some passion! Thanks!
THANK YOU!
thank you!
Thank you for standing up for healthcare, Senator. I and millions of others appreciate it.
If the Senate doesn't stop this, people die on YOUR watch.
Much thanks to you and @SenDuckworth
Thank you, Senator. @AdamKinzinger could learn how to be a decent human being from you.
Nobody' cares, dopey
Thank you, Senator: please remain an active voice for the people, not only your constituents. We need your sanity!
Thank you. This constituent is losing faith and hope; you've thrown a lifeline. PLEASE do all you can to get Senate GOP to stop this.
Thank you Senator, we appreciate everything you do for us!
You must fight with every tool to prevent this from becoming law. Should not be allowed under reconciliation rules! Must get 60 votes!!!!
Just wanted to say thanks. Oh, and @RepLaHood might want to start looking for a job after 2018.
Ditto @RepHultgren
Well said!
And I thank you for representing me, Senator.
That's some strong wording. Craven vote indeed. Thank you for standing up for us.
Thanks for all you do, Senator. And @SenDuckworth   Can you give lessons in constituent services to @RepKinzinger @RepHultgren @PeterRoskam
I guess it's pointless to ask you to support this excellent bill, then?
Pls stop posting pro-life tweets. Anyone who thinks this bill is excellent is not pro-life. If enacted, people will die, and you know it.
Rauner agrees with you, thanks.
The House GOP death cult just stirred up a big batch of Kool-Aid for their buddy @realDonaldTrump aka Jim Jones II
Thank you
Thank you
