You stand with violent fascists who praise communism. #MayDay2017
Do you also lie with the hundreds of millions who are dead thanks to socialism & communism?
Are you a Communist?  MayDay commemorates the start of Communist revolution in Russia. 100 million murdered. #MayDay2017
The thing is they are not workers because workers are at work.
they're not, they're raising their voices against following the law & capitalism... you know, american ideals.
I'll cover for you
Nice you stand with them but don't do anything to help all Americans
They're Americans, therefore he's helping all Americans in the long run by treating everyone equally.
lol
We all know the Democrats are the Commie lovers and not the Trump admin.  You just proved it.
wow really? maybe you should take them all in..i dont mind
Do you know this day is established on workers celebrating socialist society? Oh of course you knew. That's the libs ultimate goal. Silly me


Thank you, Senator.
Hopefully you're not standing with the illegals in this country!   Deporting  illegals is not discrimination. Illegals in America= injustice
Stop playing victim. Says the Jewish girl whose ancestors came to the US via Ellis Island, legally. Learned english and adapted to America
Nice!
@WeNeededHillary Thank you. Let's fight together.
Then you take responsibility for the May Day riots in Portland. You are a damn fool.
Sorry Dick! The knuckle-dragging republicans don't give a damn!
.
Arizona U.S. Senator Jeff Flake supports DACA Dreamers
See Info on Town Hall with this Journalist

Brave Gentleman
#DACA or #dreamers I believe they should be given a pass to citizenship @JeffFlake #FlakeTownHall
Are you referring to protecting illegals over Americans,including LEGAL immigrants!DERELICTION  OF DUTY DURBIN! START WORKING FOR AMERICANS!
Unfortunately in LA these marchers will trample over the hundreds of homeless lying in the streets.  What about justice and help for them??
I am an employee. I treasure @Beaulund and Doug Barton for employing me. I honor #MayDay2017 by doing my job well as I do every day so there
Russian May Day, fantastic.
do pple a service by teaching them WHATS GREAT ABT AMERICA instead of spreading false hate! Pple like u need a wake up call
embarrassing our country! Seriously. Just talked w Brazilians who said, how much they wish they had Trump as PREZ&lived here
why feed the hate? How many pple in other countries wish to God they lived here? Ur feeding theses babies more sugar of hate
Illegals sucking our system dry. You sir , are a traitor .
I am a supporter. But pull your party together and represent us with a progressive agenda!
vote no on any HC bill
Such and important day in world and work history. How will this day be celebrated in 50 years time?
A Dem plan to make people unemployed, welfare-dependent and, therefore, Dem voters. Dems are the ones that "don't give a sh*t about people."
Then you should be standing on the other side of that wall
In that case in solidarity, work for a min.wage pay and get Obamacare as your HC. Stop pandering, senator.
As long as they are legally in the US, so am I!
Communism. That is what you are standing for today. But no one would ever confuse you for a pro-American patriot.
Well Tweeted sir
What would you culturally appropriate from communists? #MayDay2017 celebrates discrimination and injustice!
Why did many workers voted republican?
@SenateDems just get them a job w Maxine Waters!!!
Get to work Senator. We need tax reform now! Do your job. No more handouts for votes.
Thank you Senator Durbin! We are so blessed to have you, @SenDuckworth @CheriBustos looking out for us! #Fortunate #SaveACA
So you hate liberals too!!!!
Proves who works and who doesn't. Who takes their employment seriously, and who doesn't.
LEGAL IMMIGRANTS --right?!?!
Protesting themselves to death, that's one way to get them off of Obamacare.
Dems voted against ending slavery, Blacks voting, women votiring and civil rights
Actually May Day was also celebrated in US. In '30s&'40 school children celebrated around maypole. We stopped in '50s
