During the Holocaust we failed to fulfill to our duty to humanity. We cannot allow fear to lead us into another regretful chapter in history
I seem to remember that there was a war in which the US fought that brought an end to the holocaust.
There were also many Jews who sought refugee status in US before 1939, but were denied entry. Where are they now?
Not fair. KKK is exclusively Protestant, who are anti-Catholic.
take care of American refugees first Veterans who are homeless have no food or a roof over their head they should come first!
.. It's not a"Muslim ban" genius, it's a ban on persons from certain countries...
While I feel for refugees, your responsibility is the safety and wellbeing of American children.
- when will you begin to represent the 100+ counties that are red in Ill????  That is why you have President Trump.
Not OK for Trump, but you were delighted with Obama's travel ban.
It will also judge if y'all filibuster the Supreme Court nominee. Fight back! This regime is not politics as usual.
Why don't you stand up for the citizens of this country? The only people that you stand up for are illegals and refugees.
< This career politician keeps getting elected because he is in Liberal Illinois.
The liberal democrats died on Nov 8fth but they haven't bothered to read the news.
WE libs have read news of Putin attack of war/install puppet. Traitor!
LOL! That's classic coming from the left!
No, sir. I was speaking to the lefties. I was confused. 
@Amaliada @Stl_Manifest Usama obama has been turning Christians and Jews away for 8 years and they wound up dead by muslims
Democrats are weak on National Security another reason they lose badly
thank you for voting against Trump's immigration nightmare
Deeply concerned about Sessions. Was rejected for racism once and should be again. Thx for your great leadership
@arneduncan funnily however much they escape to America they continue though to keep the Sharia. That much they respect you.
Thank you for being my senator.
, don't we want immigrants that want to assimilate into US or at least don't hate our guts and want to kill us
That's far too much to ask from our leftist politicians. It will destroy their base...
yes indeed,anyone who doesn't think it's an issue i challenge you to stay in downtown Deerborne,Mi for a month.
Thank you for standing with and for our brothers and sisters from around the world.
CHILDREN? I see only young males look at #Calais #Paris You R #GeorgeSoros funded #OpenBorders No Thanks! #MAGA Peoples@POTUS
- why do you call it a Muslim ban when 40 some Muslim countries are not affected!!!!  Please explain.
Please stop your rhetoric about illegal immigrants. It's a  privaledge, not a right. So, get over it!
sad you don't worry about Chicago as an Ill Senator!!!  It's NOT a Muslim ban!  Did U complain to Obama on his ban ?
Where did you stand Dick when Barry did the same thing? I bet it was right behind him
You can not vet refugees. This is why we don't believe you. You care more about them than the safety of American citizens.
@PWM62 I'm an atheist but I'm going to register as Muslim just to gum up the works. Can anyone supply me with a funny name...
@glennwa1 @SenatorDurbin preventing terror imports is proper potus will were out.schumer,Di Blasio, LIBERALS can poss off
@hale4jesus @httpgarrlouscom @glennwa1 @SenatorDurbin Absolutely correct. Libs could care less bout life liberty. Only Party!
/Democrats Uber Alles!!!!
@VeryHappyMdays We are judging NOW. #TraitorTrump & every GOP leader in lock-step must go! Sickening. #MuslimBan Not us! 
#ExtremeVetting #MuslimBan
Wrong! He's someone who isn't naive n understands his greatest responsibility is 2 the US! Not Muslim countries that want us dead
Islamic terrorists want us dead.
Then why did Obama only accept Muslims and turn away Christians who ARE being persecuted/murdered & agree w/ our culture?
Such shame ignorant ppl like u allowed spread gossip! Actually illegal, u may find out! @LifecoachNV16 @realArizonaDan
All those vicious, rapists suddenly become children when Dems open their pie holes. We are not STUPID!
Why don't you bring them into your home and see how long before you're murdered
You obviously spend too much time on reality TV and no time in the real world
Thank you for standing up to be counted!
White supr Bannon & Flynn (being investigated for ties to Russians) in charge of natl security? What are you doing?
@aimolson hey senator   not a Muslim ban. Obama banned immigration from Iraq too. Stop dividing our country w/ false tweets
Thank you for opposing @realDonaldTrump! As a citizen in Oak Park, I appreciate everything you do.
i see one child for every 100 men, we are not as gullible as you, or as they would like us to be #NoIslam #NoSharia #NoKoran
Thank you for your statement and for standing up to this administration's bigoted policies.
History will have to take into account the insidious nature of the enemy and that we refused to be stupid.
did you have a temper tantrum in 2011?
Children? Primarily young men. Few 'children' or women among 'refugees." How many Yazidi Christians were givn haven under B0?
thank you for your service and for your support for righteous behavior.
Thanks for speaking up against the un-American & immoral #MuslimBan, Sen Durbin! How can we citizens prevent further injustice like this?
Christians are being beheaded and children raped,and  "refugee" muslims let it happen. Help the real refugees,not the cowards
Here you go DICK, some muslim "children" "refugess" entering the UK.
Here's some more "children" DICK.
Thank you for opposing #MuslimBan and standing up for what is right.
Do something hold congress accountable.
instead of mouthing off at our great new POTUS Why don't YOU find a place for these refugees?  Somewhere and NOT here.
talk is cheap, sir. We need courageous Dems. Not more cheap rhetoric.
You are obligated to first protect Americans. We all know that it is not just children coming into the country. Do your job.
Nice words. Where is your follow-through?
What is the Congress planning on doing about this? Time for some checks & bakances.
PLEASE WE DEMS are begging you and ALL DEMS get a backbone and Standup to this Pu@@y grabber and hateful human being TODAY
You're not going to b living with them it will b us! U have private security, we dont! #AmericaFirst do no gamble with US!
FIRST, it is NOT a Muslim ban. Muslims from EVERYWHERE but 7 countries can come into U.S., NEXT, ALL people from these 7 countries. STOP LIE
@eaaknighterrant Seemed easy enough for congress to forget about Vets, Jobs & God. #AmericaFirst its your damn duty.
@repjimcooper  it's not just a ban on refugees bans ppl already having visas and green cards plus dual citizens. #MuslimBan
The US can't keep it's head in the sand about ISIS. Let the middle east take care of their own.
Sen, we did do that, turn our backs, on children fleeing the genocide in Europe in the 1940s. #Holocaust
sir. Thank you for your strong stand on protecting immigrants. May God bless you richly
@robwoodyard1 thank you for speaking out.
stop talking and act.
Your Vice-Chair of Immigration Subcommittee Use pulpit to convince GOP that supporting Trumps iliegal moves must stop
please do not confirm Betsy Devos. She is woefully unqualified & is a danger to our education system
You did in Rwanda or have you forgotten.
when Islamists r training children 2 b terrorists & using women & children as human bombs, there is a problem w the idology.
thank you Senator
I look forward to your introducing a bill in the Senate overriding the Executive Order.
Great talking points....now do something!!
what are you going to do about it sir?
Yes Democrats need a pair to stand up to Trump  grow some.
@chelipj And on Abortion 
As a VOTER in Illinois, I want to know what are you doing not fight, but stop this?
So what actions are you willing to take to stand against this? Spill!
We need to keep track of which politicians are speaking out against this unjust & unlawful order & respond at the ballot box.
Surely hoping you're doing everything in your power to overturn this racist ban on immigrants & Muslim then
quit pontificating & get off your ass & do something. 50 years a Democrat, all I see is spineless pontification. DO SOMETHING
with much respect Senator, what are you prepared to do about it?
I would hope this tweet is the first step in getting this executive order rescinded. Words mean nothing without action.
Gather some support on both sides of the isle, this has got to be brought under control.
America is judging its leaders right NOW. So what are the Dems going to DO to stop him? (We already know GOP will do nothing)
I don't give a damn about their women and children keep them OUT Dickey!!! We don't want your poor ole Muslim shit!!!
do something!  I’m so ashamed of our president.
@obsessivelyMe @SpeakerRyan's phones have been busy all day. Who else can we call?
The FBI & the CIA
what is your plan to overturn this?
Do something now!!! YOU ARE MY FUCKIN SENATOR!!!!


and we need you to stand up for this sir. Please help! You and your colleagues have the power!
Then DO something. This hostile takeover by Trump is horrific.
Please take action to oppose. Save our country.
Get yourself to O’Hare sir and be heard! You must stand up against this! As well as Sessions and DeVos! Please!
You're my Illinois Senator. All DEMS must Stand up, obstruct and resist. We are watching now like never before
less tweeting, more ACTION
as a former illinios-an (now ny-er) I thank you for this
DO SOMETHING!
They will judge every action now. ALL must put country before Party. Do the GOP not understand? Stop this catastrophe.
Nice words are great. Now tell us what ACTIONS you and the rest of Congress will be taking to fix this.
@kylegriffin1 Oh, the liberal hypocrisy!  Why didn't u complain /b this? https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2016/06/the-obama-clinton-ban-on-muslims …
Please do something to stop Trump. He is destroying our institutions, betraying the country, right before our eyes.
DO SOMETHING!!!! FOR GOD'S SAKE, STOP BANNON AND TRUMP!
so what are you going to do about it???
Dude, the way to fight this is not "Ah, well, guess I'll vote yes on Ben Carson to show how reasonable I am"
So what are YOU going to do as our voice in Washington?
Please do something. Your words are helpful but not enough. Raise hell in the Senate. Fight for the innocent.
DO SOMETHING.
@chuckschumer Speak out loudly but clearly. Light our fire.
well, that is currently happening. What is your plan Senator?
What are we going to do to fight this?
maybe you should file legislation Senator overruling these executive orders. Let's see where everyone in the Senate stands.
America is asking you and your colleagues to act. We're counting on you.
DO SOMETHING
.@SenatorDurbin Will you introduce/cosponsor legislation to counter this executive order?
Not perfect, but better.  Now do something about it @SenatorDurbin or you’ll lose my vote next time.
History will judge where America’s leaders stand on the #MuslimBan. US cannot turn its back on children fleeing persecution, genocide&terror
What is your plan to undo these EOs? #youwillbejudged #NotInOurName #nomuslimban
Thank you @SenatorDurbin
So, DO SOMETHING!!!!
#MuslimBan Why isn't anyone questioning why the most violent countries, with Trump hotels, are not listed?
there are plenty of Muslim countries closer to their location that they can flee to. No more invasion. #maga
what are YOU doing to
lift the ban? This is where you need to stand up and make a difference.
this the guy to accuse  military men of gunning down innocent Iraqis & then they all got acquitted.Turned your back on facts
stop lying
@DFlexmatrix I'm not sure you've noticed, but America writes it's own history & geography textbooks, 99% focused on its own.
@MegsJackman er yes they can
- STOP LYING!!!
but you can turn your back on 50,000 homeless veterans and 22 veterans who commit suicide a day. You are a real patriot..
@SenDuckworth Great sentiments-now what will you DO about this?! @RepDannyDavis Where are you?! U can't be silent! #Muslimban
So what are you doing? Hmmmm?
THANK YOU SENATOR DURBIN. Signed, a proud Illinoisan.
Thank you for speaking out against the #MuslimBan. What are Senate Dems planning to do to fight this? #neveragain
What steps are being taken to stop Trumps' #Muslimban?
Can't turn it's back on anyone who is thourghly vetted.  Just do a good job of vetting. Don't make me come back
Thank you. You are my senator, and I hope you continue to speak up, stand up.
thank you for being a voice of reason
Then DO something! Can't impeachment proceedings begin??? Call an ATTORNEY damn it before this psycho does anymore damage!
You cannot reject refugees and call yourself pro-life.
@repjimcooper trump is the epitome of everything bad that makes the rest of the world hate America.  He needs impeached
Remember, Senator, that it was Obama's support for ousting Assad and his failure to address ISIS that made them refugees
that's my Senatore!
as a senator u know that is not happening this way. Read ur own freakin bills. Stop lying
Is Trump banning only countries where he has no business interests?
You mean like the children in violent Chicago neighborhoods ? #CharityBeginsAtHome
Hey Dick, it's a temproary ban on "countries" that breed terrorists,  If it was on muslims, it would have included Indonesia.
@DawsonTracy Senator Durbin, agree 100& Please ignite a fire under all ur colleagues 2 ignite change stat!
Send your wife & daughters to Malmö,Sweden, Luton,England, Sevrand,France,or Cologne,Germany & see if they differ in opinion.
we will judge you on every vote with or against him
Do something to stop this.
What can WE do to help?
Syria was 1 of safest ME nations until Dem's/neocons decided on regime change & funding not so mod rebels for Qatar pipelines
kind of somebody running from the shit that he has poed, US is d causer of all this troubles in this countries.
@SteveBellovin especially that of our own making. Reprehensible.
you democrats can come together and figure out a way to stop trump!
it is not a Muslim ban you know better!
Hey TALK IS CHEAP!!!!!!!
9/11 hijackers were from Saudi Arabia, UAE, Lebanon, & Egypt; none of these countries are included in the #MuslimBan
Thank you, Senator. That the #MuslimBan does not cover countries Trump does business in undermines his security claims.
are you drunk on Saudi money?
@kharyp Words @SenatorDurbin. When are you and fellow legislators going to #STOPHim ???
@kharyp but it did
if this doesn't convince you to vote against every single nominee, nothing will
It's a ban from countries w/high probability of having terrorists.Have you not seen the affects of migrant terror in Europe?
NOW GET IN THERE AND MAKE SOME NOISE!!!
Thank you.
children carry bombs, Senator. Wise up
Wow, Bill Womanizer Clinton banned Haitians, guess that was different somehow. Banning happened many times
mr Trump is quiet!
