Stand against efforts to systematically disenfranchise black and minority voters.
Take action to reform an unjust criminal justice system.
Work to shrink the wide gap in pay between white and minority Americans.
Fight against the inequality in our education system.
Instead of gutting the Fair Housing Act, roll up your sleeves to end housing discrimination.
Don’t let another Flint Water Crisis – the result of systemic racism – happen again.
Instead of destroying the ACA which has enormously benefited minority Americans, work across the aisle to strengthen it.
Americans need more than your condolence or outrage. They need you to stand up and do the right thing.
No, their job is done.  Our job will be to vote them out in 2018.  We will NEVER forget.
All Real American People Will Reelect Trump, it will take Many more than 8 years of the disaster we had for educated people to forget
All Real American People?  Does that include #localmilkpeople?

After the last 9 months of hate and obstruction I vow to NEVER vote democrat again! EVER! I will never be associated with this debacle!
U know the only reason Trump won is because he had no opposition.
True, but he won because we the real Americans elected him!!!
On to Impeachment!

First step is to remove the cancer. REMOVE POTUS FROM OFFICE. HE IS UNFIT TO PERFORM THE DUTIES OF COMMANDER IN CHIEF
Elected by Real American People with A true sense of morality
Morality? LOL! Whoever claims this is truly blind and don't understand what morality means. Trump is the most corrupt president EVER!
The Republicans are spineless and cowards. Trump is their Frankenstein but they don't have the guts to say his name and call him out.
Proud American Who Voted For and Will Again Donald Trump!! Best President Since Reagan!!
Clinton/Gore campaign with Conf. Flag pin. HRC endorsed by Quigg/no public speech rebuking. Cyclops Robert C Byrd-YOURS. History doesn't lie
Nice deflection. Now back to relevant current issues...
Truth can hurt
Deflection??
#
Thank you senator! Your words, these words, are needed right now, more than ever!
Just because it's Words you want to hear doesn't make them right or true
Help Americans to get out of Alternate World created by Trump. He is  a lying racist that is unstable. GOP use Article 25 the time is now
God Bless President Trump now and Next Term!!
Trump does need blessings which I will concur with you on but I am in hopes that you are not right about 2020.
Impeachment only answer! Trump is an inept White Supremacist Sociopath! Bannon Miller and Gorka are Nazis need to goWe need our country back
Better than Liars, murderers and thieves that preceded our Now Great President
Thanks for that, Senator. We in IL appreciate your voice in DC speaking on our behalf, from the heartland
IMPEACH
That's just SILLY
Not meant to be silly. I'm serious.
Such a negative person you are, must be sad to be you
We in Illinois are proud of our Senators!!! Thank You senator Durbin!!!
Straight Democratic ticket in 2018 !!!
Yes!! He only won the election by Russia's help.He z Putins puppet. He and his family owes Russia millions. Putin wants to rule the world
Where do you get this junk? Dems last week news as they move on to other packs of lies and violence
Unfortunately, they're all talk and no action when it comes to trump. They wouldn't let a dem president get away w/ this. They're hypocrites
Laughing, because of all the destruction Obama got away with with only his pen!! Trump is fixing the messes one @a ime!!
So, what can we do here in Illinois, Senator?
#boycotttrump and any business that supports him or the @GOP until they listen. is the only thing they listen to.
So get in there and tell that insane fucknut we have had ENOUGH!!
Will you support Representative Steve Cohen as he introduces articles of impeachment?
Really!! Words of the uneducated
How about, enforce laws and control crime in your area.  You only heard what you wanted to hear.
He's a lawmaker, not the police. If you don't understand that difference, you have more problems than we have time for.
Precisely!  So little understanding of our system of government, how could one graduate from high school?
GOP doesn't get that being anti KKK and Nazis is a given. What's not is their working with Trump who doesn't outright disavow them.
Sad, Obama could never disavow or Name Isis, Islamic Terroist, Deserters like Bergdahl or help our lost ones in Benghazi Ugh!
#impeach #demandresignation
I would love to hear Mr Durbin's explanation of these remarks?  All that I heard was the president condemning hate groups. All of them!
Grow up Durbin just cause Trump didn't speak the way you like doesn't give you the right to work against the country
he needs a censure he really needs to be impeached
Like the Mayor of Boston -- time for words have passed, it was time for action.  Put an end to this American nightmare before more damage.
Immediate concern is he is inciting violence and chaos...people's lives are at stake
Stand against 45 willfully inciting violence and hatred...something must be done! Censure...Impeach...Charge with inciting violence
Seems like you spend more time on Twitter than POTUS! Start practicing what you preach, hypocrite!
I sure hope @PeterRoskam follows you and reads this!!!!!  His constituents are NOT happy with him.
DUMP DURBIN
95% of them will do nothing more than make a denouncement without naming him. @SpeakerRyan @gop @HouseGOP @hughhewitt @Morning_Joe @ac360
You are right.
Can you make it count for a change?
He is mentally unstable and is about to cause World War 111 rather than be embarrassed.This is what Putin wants 2 be a dictator if the World

Hey Senator Durbin what are the job bills for Illinois you're pushing through to reduce crime in Chicago?
Democrats need to speak out identifying trump as a racist and you are not all doing it. More vocal leadership needed here.
Enough is enough Dick, time to call out the statesmen of the GOP- work together and throw out this madman.
ALL You Dems need to get in front of TV cameras and DRAG the Crazed,So-Called,illegitimate 'president' NOWWhat's holding you back
Great question 
Thank you for taking the stand that I wish so many others would. Tell us the support that you and others need in 18 and 20, & we'll show up.
Soooo from this I can assume you have offically moved to impeach. Right?
#IMPEACH #25thAmendmentNow
Yep. They have to secure voters' rights, stop the gerrymandering and hurdles being set up to thwart certain demographics from voting
When did obama disavow BLM when their rioted and had cops killed in Dallas ? Spare me phony !
At least some actually think tweeting is work. You on the other don't use twitter to create momentum or help causes.
Their behavior is shameful. 45 is an abomination.
Then get him&his corrupt family OUT OF http://OFFICE.Vote  to IMPEACH. Or I may have to rethink my next vote as 1 of your constituents.
That's the equivalent of "thoughts and prayers" we hear after every mass shooting. It doesn't stop Congress from acting.
What is immoral? That both sides went there with baseball bats? Get real and be honest.
Stop trashing our President@
We should never make them; especially GOP lawmakers 4get that. They're just as complicit in this travesty of a presidency as  trump voters.
That's very true. Now, They Need To Move Forward To. Impeach Him Or Remove Him From Public Office. @SenatorDurbin @WindyCityTimes1
Agreed! Censure @POTUS now!
So basically you've proved all of our points correct unless we think your way, act your way and do things your way you'll never be satisfied
Thank you @SenatorDurbin !

Thank you Senator Durbin. Would you consider moving to NC? We have nice beaches here.
He is incapable or unwilling to protect Americans from enemies, foreign and domestic. Neo-Nazis and the KKK are domestic terrorists
#impeach
And BLM and Antifa!  I hope the justice Dept does something about all of them if they do something illegal.  They have the right to speak.
Tweeting is NOT action. We must stand strong, stand up and not back down
Censure! Then Impeachment!
POTUS did condemn white supremacists, neo nazis , KKK. You should focus on development of Illinois and reducing taxes, if you want my vote.
Now he is saying these racist monuments can't be replaced which they can easily
We don't have a Potus
Not nearly enough.  And those who have remained quiet are even more despicable. #DoSomethingGOP
Thank you!  #MySenator #NotMyPresident
Thank you @DickDurbin - can you share your plan to fight back? How will you do your part to hold Trump accountable?
YEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
Lots of baby Russian trolls commenting to distract!
#DoSomethingGOP #IMPEACHTRUMP
Thank you, my good Senator.
That is true Lawmakers need to #repealobamacare , do #TaxReform , #infrastructure before Thanksgiving. Get off your ass & get busy.
Senator, at the very least, it's time for Congress to censure Donald Trump for his recent disgusting behavior.
When is any @GOP senator/rep going to call for Trump's removal?
Durbin you gonna blame the Barcelona attack on Trump?
It might be who are you
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin!
No it isn't!  My wish is impeachment! In the mean time,I'd settle for censure. Please, somebody do something!
It's a SMALL first step.
please add equal pay and voting rights. the GOP is taking them away from areas that vote for the democratic party state by state.
He has both of those in his thread.

The likelihood that Republicans take meaningful action against Trump decreases in inverse proportion to the credit they get for lip service.
They need to come back from recess & do their bloody jobs. They're scared because they know they are complicit & some even agree sadly.
You notice no Democrats are in the KKK or the white supremacist groups. We know which party are racists.
Look back through history and see which politicians are KKK members.  Start with Robert Byrd.  He was high up in the ranks.
Amen
T must be removed now before he gets us all killed. Now tweeting dog whistles to #WhiteSupremacists @janschakowsky please #ImpeachNow
1st job is to grow a backbone ..2nd job is to go to work and use it!
No its not dun till this fat lady sings, sorry! I want accountability to what happened.  All of you will answer.
We demand that they call him out by name.
5 followers, 162 tweets #putinbot
BRAVO, Senator, BRAVO!!!!!!!!!

#Trump
Old saying that a wise man should never argue with an idiot a stranger walking by would not know which one is the idiot. Get it?
People better wake up. Democrats are the biggest liars and instigators since Judas. Pelosi, Durban, Warren, Feinstein, Hillary & Obama. Bad.
Thank you for saying it, Senator.
@ThisisntEasy @POTUS no it's not the @GOP needs side with good or evil, choose
COULDN'T AGREE MORE... you all should be working on removal of this Fascist! The world is watching!
Do whatever you can, Senator, to force these Repubs to take a stand against hate.  A REAL stand!  (From one of your voters.)
You want to take a stand against hate? Stop hating and look at your own party the democrats constantly twisting words. Instigators
Thank you. We have a lot of work to do. Start with making sure all ppl are able to vote.
You mean all legal citizens, right?
so what's the plan?
When telling the truth become immoral? You sir should open your ears and listen instead of pandering. Which side drew first blood?
Do NOT let up. Sen Durbin. Do not let up.

We've only just begun  #resist
Provide a DNA test kit to every child.  Reach them about where they came from and how everyone shares DNA with other races.
There are no profiles in courage emerging from the GOP, although some are at least trying.
Oh no, no, no, no!
Durbin for pope. Our moral leader.
Why can't you and the rest of the Dems. fight for what is right. You are soft, and this is why we lose. Grow a set of balls !!!
I'm pissed !
100yrs of DEMS in Chicago....what a great job U've done..what a joke u r
BOT. 0 followers.

Durbin dont cast stones if u live in a glass house. CLEAN YOUR own ST before critizing others.  16 yr old shot playing in park one of many.
Thank you Senator Durbin.
WTF do you want? A civil war? Both sides are to blame one side are anarchists the other wanted to preserve our history. What side R you on?
A senator thought his work was over after being elected by the voters of Illinois. It's not. Please do something.
Ya, he must now let big business and Lobbyist pay him monies to get re-elected. all wjile selling out the American people. #DrainTheSwamp
U R right. Do your job to defend this country against Trump. He is unstable and dangerous. Remove him. Now.
#DiamondandSilk have one great question for #plantationmaster #Democrats -> #dickdurbin #mariacantwell #pattymurray
Why are the Democrats trying to erase their history?  They gave us Slavery, the KKK and the Jim Crow Days.   We shall never ever forget! 
Project much? #ImpeachTrumpNow
How about being an adult, quit placing blame.Stand up be the policiatian ur getting paid for.  U cant take care of ur own state/death count.
Irony...
WE need a TimeLlimit law on outages near colleges and a Whiplash-neck Law after 1.5 mos of study does appear severely long after an accident
What the fuck was immoral about condemning all sides. What is immoral is the way you handle the state of Illinois
@dumptrump1234 @POTUS yesssssss!!
Get to work on IMPEACHMET, NOW!!
He did not have immoral remarks.  He condemned all.
Zero followers,312 tweets #putinbot
If I were an attorney I would have settled my own cases by now with State Farm and Dominion Resources new law needed like Hot Coffee case.
thank you for this.
Same goes for citizens. At this stage, Trump is a danger. It's time for a national strike. Shut this country down, force resignation.
The people need to boycott all business that supports @realDonaldTrump It's the only thing this government will listen to. #boycotttrump
I think a general strike might speed things up too.
If you are too lazy to go to work ,just say so. Don't use President Donald J. Trump as an excuse.
From your lips to God's ears! He has to go! He is off his rocker(fine people)25 ammendment please
You must be referring to Dick Durbin, and you are correct.  He is off his rocker!
Really the same can be said for any one of us on Twitter. It's an echo chamber, essentially. Real life is lived elsewhere. In real life.
But we can rally each other to action. I participated in the women's march, which Durbin spoke at and I have called my reps many times.
Yes you're right about rallying to action. Social media can be a huge help there.

Thank you.  We need action, not tweeting.
