Senate has voted down the GOP's most comprehensive plan to replace Obamacare. But the debate will continue for days. http://nyti.ms/2tBaWI1 
Thank you @SenatorDurbin I don't call your office often, that's because I know you have the best interest of families like mine at heart.
I am your constituent, @SenatorDurbin, and implore you to stand firm in your opposition to this travesty!
Why do you insist on balling out insurace companies $32 billion annually to start WOW that's helping families/ to empty our wallets
O'h yes, DICK, please let us keep the (D) failing Obamacare .  Let's go with the #FREEMARKET #ElitistObstructionist #(D)AreTheRealFascists
Find the laundered Russian money all over the USA being consumed by RNC & probably most @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP members.THAT's the BIG threat
Thank you! Seriously, thank you! 
Let's all take note of McCain's vote on this pos bill.
Lmao, thats rich coming from a senator from Illinois, the brokest state in the republic.
Can't be any richer than an insane president who lacks integrity & whose only goal is to benefit himself. Screw those  who voted 4 him.
Obama screwed everyone.
Thank you, Senator Durbin, for standing up for what is right. And for fighting for those less fortunate. Those are true Christian principles

Senate GOP behavior towards ACA bill is like playing a game w/petulant kids who keep changing rules mid-game just to get a win. Just Wrong!
Thank you very much Senator Durbin for fighting for the American people! I know the GOP are only interested in fighting to kill us!
Dear Dick ur willingness to "fight tooth & nail" only demonstrates ur a party liner only representing a portion of ur district! 2 of 2
Thank you--I know you will and I thank God for you, Senator.
Meanwhile in Chicago scores of folks get gunned down weekly.

Thank You
These nuts out here thanking DICK DURBIN of all people. They're the same ones who worship clowns like Pelosi and Waters. Complete jokes
Thank you sir!! 
Stand firm, Senator!
I wish you would run for POTUS.
Dear Dick ISO a good senator who represents all ppl in his district not just Dems. Why vote no to start healthcare discussion? 1 of 2
Thank you
THANK YOU! My eyesight depends on the ACA. Without ACA I would not be able to obtain & afford insurance. TY to @SenDuckworth too. 
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator.
Yes please, stopped this crazy man Trump he is a bizarre liar,criminal traitor. 
America must stopped Trump and the traitors GOP immediately
You should be ashamed of yourself for lying to Americans.  GOP is trying to provide health ins.  that can actually be used for healthcare.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin - this Illinois mother of two stands behind your fight.
You expert at ripping healthcare away from Americans. Think 2009
We can count on you to lie about about #Trumpcare .  You gave us #ACA without   reading it. You've known for 8 years it was designed to fail
Thank you Senator Durbin.  Don't Let the GOP kill millions of good people.
What is your opinion of the Charlie Gard case?
When will people, even senators, know the difference between healthcare and health insurance?
Use every procedural tool you can please. Just say no to turtle care
Thank you , @DickDurbin ! 
So proud you are my congressman and you Listen to your constituents!
@nytimes you never fight for anything in Illinois why start now? And you don't get how the ACA sucks fix it
Thank you sir - people need the Senate to stand strong
Thank you Sen Durbin!
1st, @SenateGOP is too chicken to repeal the toxic bill. 2nd, the ACA has been killing the Middle Class. Why do you hate American workers?
Thank you
Thank you for your hard work!
Sen Durbin thank you for your hard work on behalf of your constituents.
Thank you and @SenDuckworth.
They aren't trying to screw the American people. They are trying to help them get better coverage and help their pocketbooks. #MAGA
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you! The GOP is way off on what MAJORITY of Americans want, which is NOT repeal nor replace but TWEAK! So we will tweak them out!
Thank you!
They don't have an answer to the national problem !
Thank you senator ... from a constituent!
Thank you.
Thank you Sen. Durbin from one of your constituents.
If ever we needed tooth and nail from the Democrats, it’s now.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth!
Thank you from California

Thank you Senator.
Offer unlimited amendments to this bill.  Don't stop adding amendments. Ever.  Please do everything that you can to destroy this bill.
Why aren't you pushing for a National #SinglePayer plan?  #ACA is terrible and left 29 million uncovered. Do something worthwhile. #change
Your VOTER thanks You! 
@SenJohnMcCain first wife had 23 surgeries paid for my Ross Perot. Way to abandon her again Senator.
Thank you Senator
Continue ripping money from the people who earned it though. Brilliant
@nytimes You suck.  #DurbinWorthlessinIllinois
Thank you!!!
Keep up the good work!!! This is from a fellow Illinoisan!!! Thank you!!!!
Calling Tammy and others in the military Nazies was a little out of line. But that was then
That's right, you and @SenDuckworth can make Illinois great again
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Durbin - stay strong! 
Go get Um
Thank you
You should fight for Chicago dip
Thank You Senator Keep up the Fight
Thank you... we're counting on you and Sen. Duckworth.
22M - 16M of whom would voluntarily drop it = 8M. Meanwhile 23M were to be covered under the ACA and only 10M are. Math challenged much?
So tell us why we cannot adopt a health care similar to Canada?
Thank you Senator. You have got to wake up your GOP colleagues. Trump will drag them all down with him.
Thank you Senator Durbin. We are grateful to you and @SenDuckworth
Thank you for continued work to protect our healthcare.@SenatorDurbin-keep fighting. Shame on @SenateGOP/selfish hypocrites.
Thanks for that awesome speech on the senate floor.I hope at least one more republican has some smidgen of humanity
This process is obscene, vote-a-rama, rapid fire voting on life/death issues. What in the world is this parliamentary procedure or insanity?
Keep on fighting for the American people. "The Needs Of The Many Outweigh The Needs Of The One" words from a popular movie. STAR TREK!
Thanks, Senator. You go.
Thank you Senator Durbin - we are fortunate to have you as our Senator! Keep at it - you have our support!
Proud to call you my Senator... keep up the fight 
I'm proud of him too!
THANK YOU Senator, for the hundredth time. I feel helpless w/ my senators on my side, but still grateful. My Mom is counting on you / fight!
Thank you Senator, my Senator.
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
Say it Dick, just say SINGLE-PAYER.
I thought McCain wanted 2 debate & include y'all?? & that it should go thru Committee??? Jeez, you wouldnt think someone w/ cancer would lie
You need to work at compromise and not be obstructionist!  We are all Americans, Senator!
The GOP has shut them out. No one knows what the hell is in the bill. They are rushing it thru. Rushing, rushin', Russian, Russia!
@nytimes Thank you Senator Durbin!
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin! We are so appreciative of your extraordinary efforts in maintaining healthcare for Americans. #staystrong #aca
Thank you and @TammyforIL for standing on the right side of history.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you sir.
