Wrong again.  Dems need to get off their lazy butts & help rather than obstruct,
Sabotaged ????? .Obama lied about keeping out HC plans and premiums doubled under him and you think that is good
Because it's crap?  Millions think so!
Come on!  We need you guys in power back there to blow the lid off this! Go get em'!  All of them!  We're behind you! #trumprussia
Why can't we sue the President 4 breaking the law? ACA is law of the land. Not funding it is breaking the law. Enough making nice. Sue him!!
The law of the Land is broke. It has cost the tax payers trillions and was a fraud from day one. Glad you like it.. will make sure u keep it
Government should not be in the healthcare business...
Too late, you have heard of medicare right? Most Americans want to fix aca and move forward, not backwards
.@SenatorDurbin @POTUS not enforcing federal law, as obama did re cannabis, appears to be legal. but is actively sabotaging a law legal?
what can we do to help?

Trump's causing Americans stress, anxiety & other conditions that won't be covered because of him: WHY is this neanderthal still POTUS? WHY?
Thank you!! I'm gonna freakin run for president! Hell I can't do any worse :)
Repeal repeal repeal
Please take up the healthcare mantle; Sanders can't do it alone.
What a crock of crap.  Own your bill.  You voted for it, you delivered it.  When it fails it's on you.
Cowardly action on both side of the isle here. However, Senator Durban's attempts to clear himself is shameful.

The Anti Christ will have the answear for Health Care. Whoever owns your health owns your life
1 question... Does your taxpayer funded cadillac insurance pay for yor facelifts?  Oh, and viagra?!
@SenateDems @POTUS how to stop him? Also how about fixing ACA?
@SenatorDurbin you had 7 years to propose making it better. Where were you then? #destroyingIL
Only 8 millions on Obamacare (mostly medicaid) and the rest just pay for these losers and I am not talking about the real needy.
But we are on the side of The People and will continue to put our Country before party #noDeathCare
Your party voted against improving healthcare outcomes and costs for everyday Americans, you are not a good faith partner in reform.
Hey numbnuts the ACA was/is imploding before Trump, blame yourself and fellow demorats,not anyone else, you passed it Odumba implemented it
Socialist Durbin fails as usual to tell the truth - #Obamacare has done massive damage to our healthcare system. Past time for you to go...
Why don't collapsing insurers write to local newspapers laying out the reasons they're pulling out? Passing the buck to now-former patients?
Insurers have reported that 45 sabotage is the problem, guess they aren't loud enough
Yep, GAO has requested investigation of Team Trump's use of ACA outreach funds to sabotage ACA.  Any updates on that?
He's obsessed with destroying *anything* with President Obama's name on it.
Such your obsessions with????
Step3. Give big tax break to me and my friends
What is wrong with this Potus? Seriously!
Hopefully the The Bipartisan committee will advance a bill
The worst part about his plan is that he's attacking his very base - the ones that put him in office.
Congress can stop all of Donald's craziness. Wonder why they don't. Does the Country mean so little to them?They live of it and splendidly.
Blous sounds better.
Ah yes, Resurrecting the "wreckers" and "saboteurs" excuse. The reason given for every 5 year plan failure in the USSR. Never the policy.
Repeal the ACA! Dems need to grow up quit obstructing and resisting. POTUS is obsess with making America Great Again!
its a Repeal and  a Forget  HEALTH plan.. 
  FORGET THE POOR AND THE SICK ..
He is Just fixing the damn mess you and your party made 7 years ago, that has cost tax payers trillions... ugh!
That's true for a lot of the GOP. Sabotage and then point to the failure!
Beware a vindictive President.
Are all Democrats morons.  Obamacare was a failure long before Trump

Hey, another lawsuit in the making. He's used to that!
Trump is obsessed with destroying obamas legacy.  He's a jealous incompetent excuse for a leader
Obama legacy....haha... let's see, riots, dead cops, race wars, massive debt, ISIS gaining ground, Muslim enrichment, elections lost..own it
WHY?? CAUSE HE JUST WANTS A WIN & STEAL MONEY& HEALTH FROM THOSE WHO VOTED FOR HIM!!  WOLF IN WOLF!! CLOTHING!!
We are counting on you Senator, keep fighting there are more of us behind you than you know.
You allowed them to sabotage the law, jackass in charge isn't going to pay now him and his party are above the law
Repeal ObamaCare it's a complete failure.. High premiums, astronomical deductibles and fewer choices have millions refusing to sign up.
Dick, haven't you made enough unsavory profits with insider trading? (legal for you  but not right!)

No more Cadillac healthcare for you.
Do any of the insurance have standing to sue him?
Congress must get out of the healthcare business
Actually you and yours sabotaged our healthcare when you passed OBAMACARE. Nothing was wrong before that.
There is no sabotage of a failed program designed to collapse and ruin the health insurance system.
Republicans have been asking to sit and debate for 7 months, where have you been? Think we should all have Obamacare, including you. You in?
Ban together and impeach him!!!
@TheDemocrats already sabotaged American healthcare with Obamacare. If it ain't broke why are you trying to fix it???
Hey Dick! Why didn't Dems do something earlier when you knew it was bad? No excuse for that!
Bravo Sierra
I believe repeal is righting a wrong the DEMS did 7 years ago shoving ACA down America’s throat!!
Had y'all tried when repeal was first started you might have had a shot but now taxes are the issue and you want to change the narrative
You had your chance. Remember when you railroaded the American people by passing O-Care?
Who are you blaming?  America blames Democrats.  This was your plan for America.  No Thanks.
This is twisted and so far from the truth.
The ACA was imploding before Trump was elected.
Lying Dick Durbin - The ACA has no funding mandate so you Dems should have read it before you passed it.
bullshit
Repeal & free market w/no state boundaries is only way to go. Free enterprise system works. O'care will fail without any help. Poor system
Trump is a "wrong bettor," who bets behind pass line. He profits from failure and is attempting to sabotage not only #ACA but America.
Well well well, who is profiting from the failure of Obamacare?  Not the U.S. Tax payer that works everyday, it has cost us trillions.
We want #SinglePayerNow support @BernieSanders bill #MedicareforAll #universalhealthcare get insurance and big pharma out
Oh keep trying to push that bull lie Dick - we arent buying it - wise up
Trump is insanely jealous of Obama. He hates it is nicknamed after Obama. He wants to destroy everything Obama did. Obama is a REAL man.
You are nuts lady!
It is in the same shape as when you voted for it.  It is all yours and Obama's!  YOU OWN IT!  You shouldn't have been OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
If left alone, it'll self implode sans any sabotage. I guess that's the new narrative of no new legislation passes.
b/c is ass is grass if he doesn't deliver & same 4 GOP who r owe $ 2 ppl/comps. He's a plant & aim is destroying US-stop describ. & stop him
We want ACA FIXED -- in  a bipartisan Way if we know how to work together! Please!
#wethepeople want the change ditwit 
You own onama care you fix it we moved on

Vote your #criminal party home/prison

 Fixing stupid
You need to all act together to rid us of this mad man.  Impeach!
Impeach Durbin! Enemy of the people!
What about all those GOTPers in Congress, Senator Durbin.  Ain't it funny how they never came up with a plan in 7 years?!  Makes one wonder.
You-Obama-Democrat party purposely sabotaged it-Destroyed our HealthCare system to usher in Socialized-Communist HealthCare-Payback is hell
U-Obama-Democrat party has already sabotaged it-Destroyed our HealthCare system to usher n Socialized-Communist HealthCare-Payback is hell.
18 of 23 insurers left, or partially left, the market before @POTUS was even elected. One more since. ACA is imploding on its own.
I'd say step 2 needs no help
He said he was going to have universal health care. He thinks he's a dictator but blames everything on democrats, especially Swag Master O 
You are a hack, obstructing what is best for Americans at every turn.  Resign.  #DurbinWorthlessFromIllinois
Unfortunately, you are correct!
You must do this please. He is hurting the poorest of us by his actions of sabatoge. Please work together before he destroys
You and your family should be required to have obamacare. Obama stealing from S.S. to keep it afloat was WRONG and proves it's a failure.

@POTUS @marcorubio we want bipartisan fix 2 Ocare.Trump:Stop cutting off oxygen 2 Ocare 2 force http://failure.Work  w Dems & Reps 2 fix
No one is forcing failure - ACA has been failing for last 2 yrs! I cant afford my premiums! I deserve healthcare too!
Please release all of your contacts with #LoisLerner. Please explain why taxpayers pay 73% of your healthcare premium.
He's trying2 be like Putin the 10% over there are wealthy the rest poor I've got news4 trump this isn't going to work
You are confused - thats the Democrats
Sen Dick, socialized single payor death panel medical coverage is not a solution. Free enterprise the only path. It's also Constitutional.

We must start by canceling the U.S. Taxpayers paying 73% of you & your staff's healthcare. You should pay this premium like the rest of us.
Exactly why is he trying to take healthcare away from the American people he's trying to hurt the people not help us
The idea of attacks on health care is mean and arrogant
Senator, please lower the COSTS of care. Individuals should get the same cost as insurance. Use percentages. This may make too much sense.
In Canada, the fee is the fee. Same, regardless of doctor, hospital, or clinic. Fee schedules are transparent
And the @DNC better get their shit together. Women are not 2nd class citizens without a right to choose what's best for their bodies.
More than 1000 counties w/only 1 provider and 40 counties w/ 0. No fault of @POTUS You call that success. SAD!
Michael Lasley No one is saying ACA like it is, is the answer.  We all want it improved but it needs to be done in a bi-partisan way. (1)
We have to fight back we won that fight
https://www.axios.com/aca-marketplace-insurers-2443470064.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=infographic&utm_term=healthcare …

Next lie, Senator?
