How about paying for the wall by reducing the extravagant wages being paid to our  liberal politicians and @NFL Socialists.
NEW WORLD ORDER
U do know the #NFL is not paid by the government right?
You should get on the lil bus. The NFL took over 5 million last year for propaganda. Thinking you're right. When you just ignorant.  #fools
I hate Fox & entire propaganda, mouthpiece mainstream media. U two want source? That's very easy. You just clueless as 2 what I referring 2
Its a simple google search. Duh ugh duh. Military NFL money. Duh it was a national news story. DOD paid over 5 million to NFL for propaganda
@realDonaldTrump One of things I notice about you is you have a difficult time keeping your real promises while you enact draconian agenda
Trump has been miscast, way beyond his skill set.  I'm sure Congress is aware, but sit and wait for Mueller to do THEIR job.
Vote Out GOP
He doesn’t know the difference between a country and individuals.
@melodyisdestiny / It is a moot question. No wall will ever be built. Most Americans know that.  The others voted for Trump.
I voted for him and do not expect a wall.  Better path to citizenship would be good but not a free for all
Completely agree with you. 
Great. U pay for it!
Who cares use the money given to planned parenthood to build the wall
Same thing #Dreamers
In his pea sized brain, they're synonymous
Thanks for this tweet.  What about the depression that will occur if 800,000 are deported?
The walls unnecessary. Republicans are unnecessary. They’re ruining the country. Lol they literally praise the wealthy. #Assbackwards
I'll gladly let my taxes pay for the wall.
You realize how much your Dreamers have cost tax payers (billions)?  Oh I forgot, it's not your money your pissing away and running up Debt!

@realDonaldTrump I’m old enough to remember him saying Mexico would pay. I marked his words.
Put up or shut up. 
No Mexico $ = no wall.
Trump is stupidity & evil moulded into one massive piece of sh**. Using human lives to force a useless wall.
I'm a little unclear with regards to your feelings on this matter.
Oh and I guess the first name fits lol Don't be a jerk and Disrespect Our @POTUS Veterans United 4 Trump USA MAGA USA MAGA

It's a shame the White House has become an adult day care center. Someone obviously missed their shift this morning.
trump is the guy who picks an expensive restaurant and when the bill comes he forgot his wallet and won't pay you back.
They will pay one way or another, Dickie.
Oh be Very Very careful DICK you just never know when where or who just May fund something beyond your brain lol stay TUNED 
How about no wall! It is not needed and we don't have tax payer money to pay for it!
That’s why it’s clearly time to #Impeach45. He’s clearly off the rails.
Aren't the dreamers from Mexico?
How about do your job and approve the remaining 50% of his appointees?
Wow all 0 of ur followers saw that!
You saw it though, didn’t you cupcake
Flip-flop
Close enough, I guess.
Aren’t most dreamers from other countries. Make all pay a dreamer fee to play the game like Hillary does. Good idea Dick. I’d vote it in.
Love our @potus.  So much winning...keeping so many campaign promises.  His voters are happy .
Build the wall deport illegals and keep the ban in place
I'll build a bridge before anything else
That's crazy ...
No wall,  it is racist. Save daca. Remove trump.
This is IL speaking,  pls  impeach this nut,  25th Amendment. What is the holdup,  u know he is unstable and dangerous.  Stop fooling around
There will be no wall.  We lose 640 billion removing dreamers,  not a sound economic  move. They r Americans, it is all they know.
Will somebody just scratch a check so Trump can be walled off at the WH Adult Day Care Center.
With all due respect I don't give a crap who pays for it get off you politcal "high horse" and get it done
Well Mexico keeps sending payment to Trump sometimes doubling up on them. The Mexicans really want this wall built fast and happy to pay too
To him it's all the same.
Trump is dreaming.
Or the NFL maybe
Can you guys PLEASE do something to stop this madman? Seriously. This has gone on long enough.
to him there one in the same ..
POTUS is the dreamer if he thinks we need an unnecessary ill-conceived waste of time & $ wall. What's cheaper to make A WALL or ladder?
We don't want that stupid fence
Who will it be next week? Moron-in-chief.
What's wrong with that? Other than the fact it's amnesty...
Senator, Sir, U guys better hurry up and finish #NixonApprentice b 4 it becomes #FuerApparent
Well, in his mind they are still Mexicans invading his country
Trump lies,  his record in real estate and casino ownership says so.
NEWSFLASH , dreamers are from Mexico for most part yes?
Well they're Mexicans Dick.
SAme Difference..
Yes, Mexico pays for the wall. We deport back over the border the 20 millions who works here illegal for cash under the table.
Under his scalp it's pretty messy with kind of thoughts ideas emotions
To much to hard to handle 
Where's the caretaker for the troubled man
He thinks all dreamers are Mexicans. I thought from various parts of the world ?
We Americans, this nation, will pay for many years with interest, the bafoonery of this administration and its enablers.
Trump said he is negociating with china to buy some of thier unused walls & put it at the borders with mexico which may cost so little.
I warned your colleagues about dancing with the Devil... Daniel Webster isn't around anymore to pull you're backsides out of the fire
Mexi-usa will work in his warped world
Forget the wall help all the places hit by the hurricanes. Texas, Florida and mostly Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.
Not sure who will pay for the wall IF it's ever built.
What's sure is that Mexico won't pay for it 
RETIRE!
What, you didn't see that coming? It was suspected when Trump met with Pelozi et al
I'm sure in his twisted mind the 2 are one in the same
I think he meant in my dreams yea
Actually it's the hard working tax paying Americans that pay for every thing.  Try balancing a budget, we have to.
He changes who's paying every few months... first it was Mexico, then it was all of us and now the Dreamers.  It ain't happening.
If we pay the ransom demand...
His picture should be in the dictionary after the word evil.

Wow that is so original...NOT
They are Mexican!
Saturday football up 30+% Sunday football down 30+%. do the math not good for the NFL
Go away
I know how to get the money...what is Trump's bank account number?
What do you expect from the liar in chief.
A wall wouldn't work anyways they have underground tunnels again something President Trump would not know about
I guess those are the Mexicans he meant -  He is an ass.
Dimb dicky believe me most American citizens will pitch in to build wall. You remember us don't you?
Well, they are Mexican I guess.
A lie or another distraction hmmm

Dick, please, you are a dreamer, the dreamers are illegal, and unconstitutional. Your informed voters know.
Mexico can defend herself, dreamers, not so much.  Bullying the defenseless is what this administration does.
The "president" is a lying dipshit.
Why would other country obey tRump? Whoever believed that stupid promise should have a brain evaluation quickly!
This abuser rubs things into his victims' faces forever & forever. Very personal. He makes people beg & then he mocks & abuses again. Bully!
The dreamers & rest of #illegals can't leave how will another 2 faced #democrat get elected who will they spend taxpayers  on stop it dick
On top of that the wall was always a completely idiotic idea to start with, you might almost say moronic.
"Mexico will gladly pay you Tuesday for a border wall today " Trump as Wimpy from Popeye.
One I'm the same
This is why congress has a lower rating than the president. Senator- how about leading and working with the republicans to get things done
As usual dems & republicans fight and nothing gets done. And the citizens suffer.
Senator as always I can count on you for sarcastic negativism. How about you becoming proactive and working with republicans to achieve.
Trump is so ignorant that he probably thinks all Dreamers are Mexicans, therefore Mexico is paying.
Thank you senator Durban. Trump is a criminal hostage taker. The dreamers for the wall.what next. Your president is mental.
Hi
Im paying taxes on shit that i dont give a fuck about.Sign me the fuck up.
You mean the illegals
Amen
Hey DICK i thought y'all was supposed to help America I GUESS NOT
What a crook.
This " Dreamers" notation aka devolved a politician nightmare
Not one penny! Y’all hear

I thought the Dreamers were being kicked out?  Who gonna pay now?
Bait and switch is only one of the Trump con games.

Could change by tomorrow!If Mien Kampf trump doesnt get his way!Will take his marbles &go off 2 Golf Resort &sulk!
The dreamers are Mexicans. They sure as hell aren't Americans.
Just more lies from a backstabbing, dishonorable, pathological liar. Did anyone really think he cared about #Dreamers? #DiaperDon is racists
That sounds good to me!
Sen, y’all need to back Corker and help rid of us this nut job
RT @SenatorDurbin: I thought it was Mexico who was supposed to pay for the wall. Now the President tells us it's the Dreamers.
SO?
No deal 4 wall.
So whats the difference?  Main thing is that we build the wall.
Honestly, did anyone really think Mexico would pay for the damn wall?
He may say it's the DREAMers, but he's the only one...

Dump trump their wasting all Americas money! SCARY! He is such a coward!
Still TRYING to find that MONEY 2 build the wall so they can still GIVE TAX CUTS & HUGE REFUNDS 2 ELITE ESTABLISHMENT & not the PPL?
Wait, trump definitely said MEXICO WOULD PAY FOR THE WALL??? What happened? More trump lies
What? @realDonaldTrump lied. I wish I was surprised
That's sickening
No he didn’t say anything about the dreamers. And with the savings from stopping all the illegals we will more than pay for the wall.
The problem is that the wall belongs to the POTUS. He should be in jail. #PuertoRicoGenocide
#25thAmendment
He probably thinks they are all Mexicans
The dreamers are illegals from mexico so... they should help pay for the wall in exchange for staying here. Seems like a good deal
#TrumpIsAMoron
Well aren't some of them Mexican?  @GOP needs to look inside to what they have become. It's not too late to declre this ten year old incompetent and throw him out before we get into a war. No good will come of your paralysis. No tax reform, no wall. 263 days without a leader.
It was always going to be somebody else there than Mexico. Always.
And the American people
 That works for me!
And what about the rest of undocumented immigrants? Are they simply forgotten now?
Again, such an Instigator and exaggerating the entire thing. Typical Democrat; taken out of context and twist & turn to meet agenda!
To him, I suspect that’s the same thing.
Here's a secret. He. Is. A. LIAR.
I'd rather pay for Dreamers  than the Nightmare Cabinet with ethical conflicts & blind eye to Trump's incompetence & excesses.
Well he's the one who's a"Dreamer" if he thinks taxpayers are going to pay for his stupid wall!  Maybe if we build it out of EBT cards?
@iamLucretiaMott #Trump is completely insane and needs to be impeached. Our children's lives depend on it-on so many levels.
Impeached for what? Trying to get better health care at lower prices, lowering taxes, improving education? Think for yourself research it
Senator Durbin, do not under any circumstances, have American taxpayers pay for this. No Democrat should vote for this. Have F'n Moron pay.
Most dreamers are from Mexico, so them paying for the wall is exactly what he promised.
Same thing in his mind.
Now and then girlfriend!!!
No wall, no dreamers! That simple!
Come on. You know better.  The president is so HONEST in his dealings.  Never lies or fabricated.  He's up for sainthood at the Vatican.
How about we pay for the wall and the dreamers forfeit any benefits. Only reason they descend on the US anyway.
The Dreamers are mostly Mexican
You forget The Art of the Deal Senator!
I'd be surprised, but the one thing that our current President has been consistent with is inconsistency.
I think the dreamers should help pay for the wall after all they are getting a free ride with college and more
Not fair! This President needs to be impeached!!!
but have to allow Dreamers stay that are here now but not flow that gone far to long 16 years due lack of teeth in the immigration dept
Please help in getting rid of Trump. What a nightmare.
Why don't you QUIT SPEWING LIES???
That will work. They illegally crossed the border. They should pay for it if they want to stay. That's a great idea Dick
Hate to bring up facts but most #Dreamers are Mexican Citizens so if they pay for the wall it would be another election promise fulfilled.
Ok... Still Mexicans
Yes you are right ! But do you now how to tell trump is lying? His lips are moving!
Everything he has said is turning out to be true. Plain spoken not a smooth liar like Obama.
Nah, he forgot who should pay.....as long is not himself.
it is called a border tax
dreamers are mexicans
Umm....it’s the (illegal) dreamers who’ve been getting our tax dollars all this time.
BS! I’m not paying for any damm wall! Make his fans pay for it!
do something for the citizens of the usa
GOP Congress using taxpayer $$$ 2 harass Dreamers & give 1% a further tax cut on top of blowing up the deficit further
trump is a very perturb man
He is a psychopathic liar!  Wake up. His mouth is moving he is lying!
Job of a Con man
Lol many dreamers are illegal immigrants from Mexico. So technically still correct
The promise was that the Mexican GOVERNMENT would pay for the wall, not Mexican immigrants brought to America as children.
Lol oh well. And obama said premiums would go down after Obamacare.
