Judge blocks Trump administration's rules requiring "sanctuary cities" to cooperate with ICE to get grant money http://trib.in/2x5OSYx  
Sent a letter just last month critizing this coercive move by the Admin that'll only make our communities less safe: https://www.durbin.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/lawmakers-call-out-sessions-for-holding-city-violence-prevention-funds-hostage-to-his-extreme-immigration-agenda …
Yay! :) let's help those in need. Thanks for supporting!
What about the damned tax payers? Who have to pay for their education. Millions of dollars needed for that venture.
It's always good news when an octogenarian federal judge says the federal government has no right to require states to abide by federal law.
I agree......I think......what the hell does octogenarian mean?
80-89 years old
Okay, I get it. I will have to use that now. Thanks.
Dick I guess you don't believe in the constitution.  Only like to enforce laws you like?  Sanc. Cities are breaking the law.
It's amazing how many people are ignorant of this fact....or choose to ignore it
Wacky 9th??   No worries 5/4 on the SC.
this shit is out of hand. Sanctuary States/Cities are in violation as we speak and these assholes say that our tax dollars have to pay 4 it
Shouldn't our country's top lawyer know that his requests/efforts aren't legal?
unconstitutional to have sanctuary cities and dreamers! If it goes to Supreme Court it will be overturned. Leftist Judges don't care 4 law.
City violence prevention funds? Is that what you call it these days? What has Chicago been doing with these funds?
They form groups to come up with ideas. They get paid handsomely. They then implement said shitty ideas. The shitty ideas fail.
Your comment proves that you support violence in our community. I support mass incarceration to prevent violence.
For once I agree: he should prosecute them for violating federal law.
They shouldn't have to receive money to follow the law. The that fail to follow federal law are violating the law. Can you say pandering!
This will be reversed. A liberal Chicago judge will not end this.
Proud to say I'm a Chicagoan!
Liberal judges have got to go
Scotus will overwrite it
Cities that don't comply with immigration laws are endangering their citizens
Can we do the same to congress over the Hillary, Comi, Lynch, Bill and Benghazi scandals?!?
Wonderful news and the right decision!
Great news! We're so lucky to have you representing IL & always looking out for the people, Senator Durbin! Thank you :) 
How does this help citizens? Who have to pay for this burden?  What about the victims from the uptick in crime (since sanctuary Chicago)?
So in other words, a Federal judge, sworn to uphold the law, says it's OK for cities to violate the law, WTF?
Why do we bother? These indoctrinated infantile sheep do not understand rule of law.They don't understand these Judges follow liberal agenda
Police cant effectively police communities when they r serving as ICE officers and local law enforcement.Thank u 4 supporting Sanct Cities.
You realize Chicago officers have not been acting as ice officers for at least 20 years. Probably longer than that. Try again.
@realDonaldTrump is a #WhiteSupremacist
No a left wing wacko judge blocked it.  Not ill advised.  No law no pay!
Law and order, judges making law is unconstitutional, they are to enforce current law
How about you let all of these barbarians inside your palatial home? How about you get a real job like the rest of us?
Senator Durbin you are wrong, we need to cut off all funds going to cities and states that will not turn over all non citizens. Get with the
Nobody cares to talk about the financial burden placed on taxpayers so we can have illegals (damn right I said illegal) safe in IL. Dummies
Thank you Sir. It is an honor to see you and your snake oil salesmen destroying this country......and Illinois!
Good
They'll find a way around it
Why do you want to see American citizens, who elected you and who you represent; take a back seat to people who didn't come here lawfully?
The Federal Government giveth, the Federal Government can taketh away!
"ill advised"< George Carlin would have a field day w that one. LOL. Perchance did the ill advice come from the mentally ill man in the WH?
Yes! Between this and the possible Dream Act, the racist elf cant catch a break.
So what are all the other illegal activities with the same class as illegals? Get us a list so we can break them all in cook county.
Yea, he is really interested in crime prevention!!
Is that mo. Senator still in office
It will be overturned and you know it.
That's OK we understand who appointed that judge it will be overturned when I get to the Supreme Court so take a chill pill
So I guress Mr. Durbin you don't believe in the rule of law only the rule of what gets your party votes.
Sessions should stick with baking cookies in a tree.
One liberal judge from Chicago.
I guess DJT is right, Sessions is an idiot!
#FIRESESSIONS
A laywer with no clue of rule of law
Bet that made smoke come out of the little mouse's ears.
when are you going to impeach trump 
its getting really bad
Give that judge a raise!! 
That federal judge probably came from a sanctuary City
You do understand that safety in my city has nothing to do with immigration, don't you? And that the judge is a lifelong R, Reagan appointee
Yea let's reward cities for harboring fugitives and breaking the law. It's the Democrat way.
So is cheating in the election
Yah I agree. Hopefully they put some charges on @HillaryClinton for cheating.
Sweeet pea, she didn't cheat. All of that wasted money the republicans used to find NOTHING!!
She didn't win either, she can't even cheat right.  good thing the electoral college is in place. Sweet pea
She didn't need to cheat she did win, the popular vote.  He lost, but thanks to his boyfriend he cheated
Thank goodness our courts have largely served as checks to Trump admin. Now we need  @SpeakerRyan to do his job & #impeachTrumpnow
We well eventually catch every son of a b**** that's illegal in this country and lock them the hell up
Like Melanie?
Lol. Only because she married orange turd. She wasn't when she came her, as a prostitute
She's a beautiful prostitute baby
Funny, if Mrs.Obama would've done the same things as the prostitute had done, you hypocrites would've called for her head!
When they decide to vote for him.
This a good day! Sorry Jeff.
Thank God!!!
IL has 18 lawmakers & 2 senators. U had 20yrs in ofc. Why have U ignored IMMIGRATION REFORM? 350,000.000 can only VOTE or CALL/PASSOURAGENDA
I'm guessing it has more to do with the republicans not doing their jobs
Yay! And that temporary SC 5/4 will be blocked too soon
Nancy & Chuck have been lawmakers 30/18 yrs. U have been in ofc 20yrs! Be creative/Trump will help U. America voted in OUR AGENDA/PASSAGENDA
Ha! Trumpf only cares about himself
#HealthForAll
Nancy & Chuck have been lawmakers 30/18 yrs. U could have called illegals out of the dark; helped w/$ to apply. Be creative/Trump will helpU
