We, in Pakistan, face the similar dilemma. Either we should deport Afghan refugees or accommodate within our borders.
interesting. What is the government in Pakistan's position on Afghans? Do they plan to deport them as well?
Nope. No plan as yet.
it will be interesting to see what they decide. Whats the general sentiment of Pakistani people twrds Afghans?
These refugees have been living here since cold war. And they have practically become part of our society. We don't consider them alien
yea, sit is very similar to that here but from what you're saying there is less opp there. Do they have rights/work permits?
Like ALL democrats, young and old, you cannot comprehend the meaning of "illegal "...smh
They do, they just don't care. @DNC should stand for  Deranged National Criminals
For the Record there has never been anything that said you had the power to deport children in this Nation not of their own account
.@RepLanceNJ7 .@SenatorMenendez .@SenBookerOffice
Do it now.  Get to work.  Stop this social media propaganda and do something.  NOW.  Why wait. Who is stopping you?
You can help them pack dick
I support #DACA. Help these young people become American! That is all they want!
Couldn't pass healthcare for millions of Americans but can't wait to help illegals #priorities
They need to do both. They just couldn't do healthcare better than Obama but don't want to admit it.
The GOP plans to hold the #DACA kids hostage to get Trumps border wall funds from congress!Ryan & Sessions are ok with it SAD
@GOP isn't holding #DACADreamers hostage, b/c we agree they need to be deported OR give @POTUS what he wants then we can work on a pathway to citizenship. But @DNC won't budge, so looks like #DACAISDEAD .
Tell the Christian right to read Leviticus19:33-34
You're funny. That passage uses the word "sojourn" which refers to a TEMPORARY stay, not an indefinite one. And,food for thought, Jesus told us "render to Caesar that which is Caesar's."
Hey Dicky shouldn't you be making up fake quotes to sell to the #FakeNews and in particular #FakeNewsCNN ? Stop talking out of your #shithole .
Yes!
These people should be given a path to citizenship!
I agree
Do you remember your house from the age of two?  NO neither can trump. These people are American their place of birth is not.
Attach it to the Harvey aid bill.
Please don't deport !!
Now your willing to work in a bipartisan manner?   It would be awful if some @GOP  hardliners obstructed your bill. #BuildTheWall #MAGA
Problem is, its folks like you who made the USA into something I can barely remember
Rewrite it. Only kids
Excuse me their parents broke our laws. If the parents are forced to leave shouldn't they take their kids with them?
You must then incarcerate children of murderers, thieves, and rapists too, by that logic.
Deportation and incarceration are not the same thing. Nice try though.
We, the descent people who care about the well-being of other humans will do what the Germans did during Hitler, hide our friends
You're in Congress so u can get off your butt do something. Don't forget we need a big wall and Americans need jobs. U.s. Citizens First....
Let's get back to following the Constitution!!
They cld pass the #DreamAct and be done with it!
As long as it just the Dream Act. Not a vehicle for Wall money or other Pork projects
Need more than a blanket authorization, boarder security, DACA and Visa requirements must be included.
Sen. Durbin's discussed concern about Dreamers, not Ams. or IL citizens, in 1st talk w/Trump in Jan. Why do IL citizens keep voting for him?
You & your Dem cronies are good for NOTHING!! You care more about the dreamers than the taxpayers that pay for them!! Trump will MAGA! W/O U
And pass it as a stand alone- no money for Trumps wall attached
Divider Dick...I think it is possible u r part of the solution to this problem, that is, if you ever quit bitching and get to work.
Agree!
#NoDACA without #RAISEAct & end of #AnchorBabies
#DACA #BuildTheWall #EndChainMigration
How come no one thinks it's a hardship to sneak into a country you know nothing about? It's bad to go home but OK to come here?
Blk AMERICAN kids in Detroit etc only 5% can pass math&English at grade level bc bils$ r given 2 illegals time 2 make ALL AMERICAN kids #1
Sir, I don't know why this is your fight. But I wish I could thank you in person.
This dream Crap act is an open invitation for another 3d world invasion. People like you want America destroyed it seems. Go Trump!
No can do! If @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats are buckling & allowing GOP to include stupid border wall or/& ACA Repeal in DACA Bill, HELL NO!
How so?
With you @SenatorDurbin. Now you and your fellow senators need to act. We voted for you to represent us. This would be a great time. #DACA
By the way I'm a constituent, lawyer, and pay the "sweetened beverage surplus" pop tax in Chicago. Incumbency still requires action. I vote.
Please fight for DACA #DefendDACA
Think about how much Mexico could use their skills to build that country.
drink beer....NOW!!!
This needs to be a clean bill, not tied to any compromise on border wall or other unsavory items. Please help to hold the line, sir. Thanks.
There are many people moving to various countries besides them. Those countries could benefit from these people. @POTUS @LindseyGrahamSC
What is this all of a sudden with "they can barely remember"? Why did you come up with this? Don't believe in law or Constitution? No.
Thank you Senator for representing us in IL with bravery, dignity  & integrity by standing in opposition to today's cruel DACA announcement
SEN DURBUN IS GIVING FALSE HOPE TO ILLEGALS! According to Homeland Security & AG; Pack yo' bags boys and girls prepare for depart the USA!
Thank you for working on behalf of DREAMers to do the right thing.  800,000 young people are counting on congress. You have my support.
Pass it only if it includes funding for the wall!
I barely remember our own country anymore! When it wasn't a crime to be a Patriot, Christian and people's feelings were not so fragile
When those terms were used to justify rampant racism and xenophobia.....maybe....
It was the Deferred Action not the dream act tell the truth if you can as a liberal
Agree

Goodlatte: Obama said 22 times he lacks power to change immigration law | PolitiFact Virginia http://www.politifact.com/virginia/statements/2016/apr/25/bob-goodlatte/goodlatte-obama-said-22-times-he-lacks-power-chang/ …
Resign and let someone do the job of a senator. Sole blame resides with congress.
I back you 1000%. Keep at it Senator.
Who voted for this guy??
Nah. Obama should never have done the executive order.
I agree but how do you pass legislation w/a divided GOP or w/o making a deal with the devil for his wall?
I hope you get a promise to all DACA quickly. The stress is breaking my heart
@realDonaldTrump  ..We must interview them first. If they are conservatives they can stay....Hows that sound?
Stand up then dickie boy
You stated on CSPAN that only #DACA are the "best & brightest" kids...my true US kids are in the top 2% IQ wise.  Obviously, you LIE!
Keep dreamers and deport Dems in Congress to include their familys.
Build the wall
Why didn't they just apply for a visa?
As long as they can never vote or collect welfare... I guess
Thank you for your work. This must finally be the year this happens in Congress
please do it you know this deconstruction is destroying America we can stand together or die alone
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for being on the right side of this issue!
Working on breaking our laws for 16 years!  If the law was followed the dreamers would not be here to start with. Try working on Americans!
The question is, what is Trump trying to shove through the BACK DOOR while we are focusing on this? 

#SaveDACA #ImpeachTrumpNOW
Stop RTing this BS. The Democrats played you. Refused an easy deal for Green Cards. READ for yourselves!!!!
Better have funding for a wall or no deal. That's how legislation works.
I know of a girl who came at age 1! What will she remember about her country of birth?
What do YOU remember about anything at age 1?
Yes!
Thank you Senator Dick .Trump thinks he can bully us and the Senate.Trump will not win and as Americans will fight for our democracy 
The House is always going to be the issue.
This is absolutely the RIGHT thing to do. Sincerely hope you get support from Texas, a state very dependant on immigration.
Just grant them citizenship.  They deserve it!  Then they won't have to go through this again! Please.
We applaud your heart; now is the time for some heady conversations and fellowship with peers in Congress. Advocate for a stand-alone bill!
Thank you, Senator Durbin! America was built by immigrants and is the land of immigrants. #DefendDACA
Legal. Key word.
800,000 DREAMers met rigorous requirements, went through background checks, paid $500 each year, paid taxes, served in the milirary, etc.
Lol lol ... now you are dreaming.
How can we send people back to a country when then never could get a passport/visa. Hence, illegal entry. Stop criminalizing brown people.
Just what is the law sir.
I wish you fought for citizens of this country as much as you fight for illegal aliens.
Obviously, you don't believe in the Constitution, constitutional governance, or the law. W/O it there's anarchy & America becomes Venezuela.
Anarchy? Anarchy is a white racist killing two of my neighbors and ranting 'free speech' racist crap downtown.

Proud to call you my Senator!
What makes Trump God Trump does wrong to people Trump will judge for his doing Trump needs to be impeached
Hay Dick how about you go over with them to ease the transition. Come on be a good guy.
Don't be a dick sir. I know it is difficult.
@GOP pass #DREAMAct
These folks need protection, most are in highly motivated to succeed and are school, working or in the military. This is a dark day
Disagree.
We're so grateful for your compassion and guidance in hastening the passage of the #DreamAct, Sen. Durbin!
Nah
I'll reply and say this is the time to do your job instead of grandstanding
We support the Dream Act! 

@UNITEDWEDREAM @SenJohnMcCain @KamalaHarris
Me to I dream of a nation of all law abiding citizens
#DreamAct should include an affordable program for #Dreamers to achieve US citizenship as soon as they're 18. #BeSmart There's a better way.
Where were u a n 2008 Turbin
That's right, Dick. The Prez made a strategic move and forced your hand. Congress did nothing for far too long. DO YOUR JOB!!!
I agree. They deserve a chance!
But don't attach the wall money to this!! Please!!
We will deport them and build the wall. We then will start deporting all democrats.
Fix this now.
This is madness.
Racist.
Hateful.
Nonsense.
It's not that simple. You know it and I know it.
Senators whining abt @POTUS asking them to do DACA legally need to resign since they don't want to do their jobs!  Go BIG or GO HOME!
We Agree Senator Ros
McConnell already said no
I agree CONGRESS MUST FINALLY DO YOR JOB
It's the only solution to this. I hope something gets done to benefit those who were under the program.
Please Senator Durbin, help these people. Signed, one of your constituents in IL
No
I stand with citizens and legal immigrants and the rule of law.  Unlike you.
What do we do if we disagree!
No #buildthewall No #daca you can't keep letting our borders be overrun with drugs and illegal aliens! #votethemout Protect American workers
Do you think you guys can get this right I seriously doubt it.
I agree
