Senate GOP tries one last time to repeal Obamacare http://politi.co/2hd7w9c  
Emailing everyone with tel# 2 call these ppl r like a dog w/ a bone
I had three major surgeries, all scheduled just before votes to repeal the ACA. Medicaid kept us from losing our home. #SinglePayer
And who do you think paid for that??
Take the healthcare away from any congressman who votes to take it away from millions of their constituents. Hmm not a bad idea.
Please stop them.
Thank you, Senator, for your continued support of the ACA. I am a proud constituent.
America is turning into a hostile environment for it's citizens. Repeated, health-harming abuse and threats.
Vote out the RINO’s so we can get something done.
This must be the spirit of cooperation you always demand.  You are the minority, you no longer dictate how it goes.  Take what you can get.
So turtle mcconnell picks up steam/you were elected by people to be their voice & on their side.Your agenda has changed, traitor!
I'm glad you're our Senator. Fight hard. Thank you.
What is wrong w/them? This ENDS medicaid in 2026. Not the expansion, ALL OF IT! These people are monsters. And Cassidy's a Dr. !
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin!
2/3 of those people were forced to buy your insurance they didn't want by law. Set them free!
Thank you for fighting to keep the Affordable Care Act. Please keep up the fight.
Speaking of healthcare... why didn't you cosponsor @SenSanders healthcare for all bill last week?
THIS NOT THE TIME TO BE PUSHING SINGLE PAYER HEALTH CARE! Focus  should be on FIXING ACL! Timing is causing a rift in Democratic Party!
Typing in caps doesn't make you any less wrong. ACL was a bandaid on a bullet wound. The time is always right to do what's right.
Vote YES on Medicare for All. Make a promise. Take a stand. We want you to do it.
Stay the course.  Vote NO.
Aca has to go. Times change needs change.  It is time for Medicare for all. Support Bernie Sanders plan.
Fight against this!
If the GOP had to use their own "healthcare" plan, I wonder if they would be so excited to pass it
McConnell is irrelevant now. Time to hang it up Turtle.
How hard is it to introduce a bipartisan bill that actually serves the purpose of affordable health care?
Stay strong and continue your support for the ACA.
This will kill me, can you PLEASE get the Rs to go one week without causing millions of Americans to fear for their lives?
This is not a drill! Call now!
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121

Tell senators vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill & no using kids as human shields.
@SenMajLdr & @SenateGOP do not repeal the ACA! @SenJohnMcCain pls help again! Convince ur @GOP colleagues 2 vote no or don't run in 2018.
Repeal ACA WE ARE HURTING OR DON't u listen
THIS MUST NOT PASS.
Rip?  I see people "ripping" tax dollars from our pockets - totally unsustainable!
Thanks to you and @SenDuckworth for defending healthcare as a basic human right not as a privilege only a few can afford.
If it was a basic human right it would be free.
Typical lib. Give someone just garbage to eat and when removed, tell ppl they will starve
Healthcare is garbage? ACA provides coverage for members of my family, who otherwise could not get insurance. Not garbage to them.
Not healthcare, just the ACA... you can't afford it yet you folks can get to pro baseball games? #prioritites
ACA provides reasonably priced healthcare coverage for my fam members who were uninsurable b4 ACA. Curious how you and your fam are covered
I carry two. Both of which, I pay for.
No matter how much the GOP tries to disguise their healthcare, it is still SHIT for our neediest citizens.
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP is this really what @GOP wants to own -taking HC away from Millions including veterans?
@SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth we know you will give us 120%. Keep up the good work!
Americans keep telling them they don't listen.  Don't know why they can't do bipartisan work for the good of Americans but no
How many more times? This thing is a f*cking zombie.
Are you on Obama care, No?! Why not??????
FYI you are not providing healthcare - you are manipulating a system to pay for healthcare it is called health insurance.
Last time I looked, Senator Durbin, you are not a co-sponsor of Bernie's Medicare for all bill.  Neither is Tammy.  Has your status changed?
WTF just WTF, really WTF, it's time for #GOP to be placed in straight jackets and sent to loony farm
Although you may be right, the bigger concern is career politicians like yourself that impede true progress.  #TermLimits
No. You need to be stopped.
GOP are a bunch of losers that act like an ant trying to climb out of a bowl covered with slippery spray. Damned fools.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan the new Trumpcare is just the same old Legislative Genocide Healthcare Bill. The GOP will pay at midterms.
Regardless of the Camouflage, it's still about what its been about from the Start in '09. SKIN COLOR! Specifically, #Obama's.
The biggest threat - medically & financially - to my family is the Republicans. This is wrong!
Politico is #FakeNews
Senator Durbin, please do everything you can do to kill this heinous bill.
Repeal Obamacare
We do need to stop them, but we also need to do more. #MedicareForAll
Ima get one of them autodialers to call 3-5 days a month to beg reps not to pass legislation that kills us. Every damn month. SomethingWrong
Why don't most GOP senators get it: the majority of Americans want to KEEP and FIX ACA.  Healthcare is a right, not a luxury.
What are @SenateDems doing to fix healthcare @SenatorDurbin ??
Learn from people who deal with facts not PC-BS:
Milton Friedman on HealthCare in a Free Market:
https://youtu.be/-6t-R3pWrRw 
@HCOnlineCourses
Will you please stand up for the vulnerable & fight for Medicare for All Single Payer?
Another example of bipartisan legislation you were preaching yesterday ACA
Amazing all your pie in the sky programs, that once again get heaped on the bulging national debt.  You do know what that is correct?
What do you think the national debt is? I find most people actually don't understand it very well at all.
Your propaganda writer said "millions" again.
You ALL have done NOTHING to cure the issues at the VA and you will do NOTHING about this either.
DO SOMETHING!!
when you give up your illegal subsidy then you can tell us about o'care. if it is so good why do you have an illegal subsidy. hypocrite.
Your socialized healthcare idea will bankrupt America.
Thx for your work to retain affordable healthcare for Americans.
Affordable? Not for everyone.
ACA is garbage
That provided healthcare for 20+ million Americans.
Every legal US American Citizen should know the US Constitution-Civics 101-History by heart before voting for elected reps
@HCOnlineCourses
What created our world class HealthCare? We The People via our guidelines to individual Liberty Freedom FreeMarkets: The US Constitution
Thank you @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth for your NO vote. Keep the #ACA in place until we have #MedicareForAll
Another Free Stuff liberal

Progressive Democrats are nothing more than Socialists aka Communists aka Progressive Marxists who want to control the masses-votes-economy
You know as well as anyone that no one can use their "coverage" because of astronomical premiums and deductibles. It's an immense burden.
VladimirLenin said you could control the masses if you controlled their healthcare-That was KarlMarx's dream. Also Democrats-Obamas-Soros
Impossible... Obama Democrats already destroyed the great Healthcare we once had. Opting for Vladimir Lenin's Communist Govt Control HC.
Why not give us all the healthcare plan you have? Make sure the illegal immigrants get it first though. You wouldn't want to upset them!
How much they must hate their poorer constituents!
Go back in your shell evil turtle man.
People Like Their Company-paid Insurance. I loved to pay $5K out of my yearly income?  The Co. closed, I paid COBRA $1800 a month for a year
Be glad when @SenateMajLdr loses his healthcare c how much repeal & replace slogan/rhymes flies then
That's called saving costs @GOP & @realDonaldTrump style kill the hot damn people already-no joke idiots think that way @SenateMajLdr
Millions lost their health care despite being told they could keep their doctor...
There is no natnl healthcare. As long as CEO's exist 4 profit sustainable care impossible w/o annual tax increases
Senator, thank you for your leadership on this issue.
Another suck-up to the boss and just more humiliation. These republicans, they kill me lol lol @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Dick... Obamacare has hurt millions of Americans
Try REPAIRING it and see how far you can get with it.
Bot
Just won't give up,even though they have no plan to replace it. Absolutely despicable!
Seriously, this is as bad as first one 

Didn't you Democrats already did that with Obamacare? If you like your plan, keep your plan. Like your doctor, keep your Doctor.
Much easier to crow and complain than to work on a bipartisan basis !
Personally Gov't need to get out of the Healthcare Business completely & let  Americans to decide what's best for them, NOT GOV'T #BETTERWAY
Remember many people lost their plan when Obama care came out. Nobody remembers that. But it happened Super Dick !
Bot
amen you stop them i am with you
The American Health must be in hands of American people.Reagan.Lady Oscar.Steve
He's afraid that if Illinois is blockgranted it will show the big giveaway that funds his voter base
ACA already did that to my family! Over $21000.00 out pocket B4 any coverage! Many services & drugs not covered! ACA is awful! #FullRepeal
Fine then; Bernie Sanders single payer proposal should prevail
You will loose! "Coverage" does not equal covered procedures & or drugs nor is it assurance you will get needed services in time.
If that's the case then what repubs R proposing is that much worse. In Canada we pay in our taxes according to income. 50yrs total coverage
I just recently had surgery, radiation, chemo. NO BILL. I didn't have to stress; I didn't go bankrupt and no greedy insur comp cleaned up
Glad it worked out for you! Not my case or my families case. Just the opposite. Last year our out of pocket >$22000.00 B4 coverage.
Sorry to hear your dilemma Americans are worse off than all other developed nations. PresObama tried to change that but @GOP obstruction won
So proud of my senator. You have my support as you fight to save our healthcare.
Thank You Senator ROS
Senator, what fixes to Obamacare are you proposing?
He has none. He could care less about healthcare. Anything to obstruct Trump
Support Medicare for all
Why @SenateGOP do you work so hard to kill those who put you in office? Who is holding the purse strings?
You didn't say millions
Are you honest enough to say there is a difference between Health Care and Health insurance and if so, why deceive with this tweet?
One who voted for the ACA should not throw stones.


There is no hope for Obama care or Sanders Care.  See why
@SenGillibrand @SenSchumer I know I can count on both of you to fight against this latest attempt to take away healthcare.
Can you tell me what the point of this is   cuz it ain't to make HC   better    must be to undo an Obama thing again   SMH #Resist #SaveACA
And to collect big $$ from insurance companies and their executives. The only people who would benefit from the proposed system.
I trust you'll oppose this and support Medicare for All, please and thank you.
Do you have any idea the cost to taxpayers? Able-bodied ppl should pay for their own healthcare
Bot
@SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth Please keep fighting for our healthcare using all available procedural tools!
Able bodied ppl should pay for their own healthcare. Medicaid expansion takes services away from deserving recipients
Tell us what company's pay for insurance when they will not hire full time ???????
By "rip" you mean "increase the price for some, decrease it for others, and give individuals the choice of having"
No by rip he means going against the majority which wants ACA made better not repealed
Pretty sure that's what the GOP thinks they're doing. Not totally repealing just lowering federal aid and removing individual mandate.
I just called your office to let you know I DO NOT support this latest attempt to repeal ACA. Thank you.
