What's the holdup? Is it hard to get approval to win senate votes, or what?!
Paul Ryan was one hold up. He didn't even want to consider the recommendations.  He is a problem.
I wonder what are differences between his plan, Obamacare, and GOP healthcare bill?
You have to  know how to write a health care plan first. You can’t run a county like a business.
But I am interested in your ideas on healthcare
9 Million of our kids have been screwed over by the Repub Party No money for medicine Dr Visits  Cancer Treatment Scream this out 9 MILLION
Actually no, 9 million kids have been screwed over by their "parents".
Explain If U Can! Poor Brain Dead Moron Supporter 9 Million kids have to wake up & worry every day thanks to the Moron & the Clown Party!
Now you're blaming this on Obama & the democrats?  Put the blame on the people who had children they couldn't afford.
Don't those kids have parents? What about personal responsibility?
Spoken like a person who does not understand the complexities of this issue.
What is complex about personal responsibility? It's not anyone's job to care of your children. That's your job.
Very believable given the crooked twisted power trippers running the country!
Dems have destroyed the greatest private healthcare system in the world (not perfect) through Obamacare! So, shut up !
Why didnt the democrat congress approve funding when obama requested it? Then trump wouldnt have had to rescind the illegal EO.
They don't care. They know their children/grandchildren are OK. Forget about the rest. Isn't that the Republican way? Have to CHEAT to win!
Not really what about you democ...you dont know what you talk http://about.you  are in your la la http://land.pa.pa .
They don't care if poor kids die 
They are awful people
LOLOLOLOL
What have the democrats done lately. The lack luster performance of your party made me vote republican for the 1st time. Get to work sir!
Really ?get a life man....
And they’re getting ready to rob us blind and stick us with the bill with this heinous budget.  DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT, PLEASE
Yep, gotta start ridding us of Obamacare somewhere!

entirely believable 

vote them out and end this shameful chapter in history
18 days later, the combined social media posts by the 14 Republican Members of Congress in California about #CHIP: ZERO! They don't care.
They do you are idiot..
Your blaming this all on the Republicans thats so ridiculous #DrainTheSwamp
Really unbelievable
FLAT TAX!
No body who needs medical care gets turned away counties will always provide health care for families in need ur globalist liar
Hospitals are required to do 25% of their care free at least prior to o care.the name calling. Libs typical response to losing a debate
Call about this please

 This is UNacceptable!
Maybe for you..you ate http://crazy.pa.pa .
..
Bullshit
Yea. What’s the hold up
And what about the Russian Sanctions?
Repugs obsessed with the unborn and preventing freedom of choice but don’t give a rat’s hiney about a child once born.
And are not likely to because they are sucking Koch/Mercer/Putin dicks. Fuck everyone of the traitors!
Hey I agree - there is something horribly wrong w/ our democracy, and it’s being undermined in front of our noses. @SenSchumer @SenBennetCO
Vote the GOP out!
Nor has the president enacted sanctions on Russia.  Why is Congress silent?
Well maybe it's time for the democrats to start working with the GOP.  Give & take works democrats just want to bully not work.
Yeah it shows type of people we have in office
Unbelievable? You have to consider the source.
A putrid stench must hover by their offices.
Funny you never cared about us that have insurance and premium doubled along with deductables trippled due to glorious insurance mandates.
9 million is nothing compared the entire population of the USA 400mill
Love the fetus, hate the child. Eat a bullet. Yay .@GOP #maga #prolife #ccot #CHIP #Nazi
Eat a Snickers.
They arent going to right?
We need both CHIP funding & health centers funding. If there is no funding for health centers, how do we support kids? #valuechcs
If those kids want healthcare under conservative "leadership", they need to climb back into the womb.
They are just cold hearted thinking about those big tax breaks the rich are going to get. Very sad.  Keep up the good fight.  Remember 2018
Those kids should go to work per Newt Gingrich. BTW Callista Gingrich is a great one for Vatican amb. 6 year affair with married man.
Seriously, Senator, do you really expect them to act? Craps, they are republicans, no?
It is unbelievable!! What a cold, hard heart someone has to do such a thing!!! Is Trump going to pay medical bills for these kids??
Because the GOP sir is a bunch of heartless bastards
"For the LOVE of Money is the Root of ALL EVIL" - 1 Timothy 6:10

Money = this now Hellbound Fascist @GOP Nazi Party's GOD, along with Satan
Golfing is time consuming
Every day, Democrats should stand up and demand that CHIP gets its money. That way the Republicans would have to go on record as ignoring it
What they give a shit ! They’re all wealthy with good insurance am sure ! Fk everyone else they’re there to make money!!!
They don’t care thats why we have to stop the madness band together and vote out these traitors who put party & bigover country. #vote2018
@GOP: That'll teach 'em to be "post" fetal state...
Some holding Nazi attitudes towards kids. Despicable!!!
Thanks for the reminder. With all the folderol that's in the news, impt. things like CHIP get buried. This is a travesty.
It's not going to get renewed. That's the reality of these times.
Reauthorized? Isn't what you're referring to the illegal payments that Obama paid?
This is so totally believable. GOP has all three branches of Gov't.  MAGA is a cruel con set up by Trump, run by GOP. Throw 'em all out, 18.
Purposely !
@TomCottonAR  @JohnBoozman  @rep_stevewomack what r u waiting for? Do your jobs. Reauthorize CHIP now!
Republicans
The media barely mentions it either.
http://www.timesfreepress.com  Why  reauthorize funds to pay for seclusion & restraints while ignoring #CDCwhistleblower? #StopHurtingKids
This sucks, but you know what's worse? A President that's deliberately sabotaging insurance for millions!
hey could you do a press release or something calling Mitch McConnell out for this??
I wish it were "unbelievable."

I was completely unsurprised to hear it.

It’s time to put someone in office who can do the job .@SenSanders .@ninaturner 2020 .@medicareworks_ .@scheminsiman now my friends
Maybe it's because they think it's just for black kids. #gop #racist
No it’s not unbelievable, they are horrible people and Dems in Congress seem unable to unite and stand up for these kids
Got more important things to concern themselves with, like tax cuts for the rich
Reminder: Democrats are like their constituents, lazy and complain when nothing gets done. Reach across the aisle and work something out
Disgustingly they are waiting so they can use this as a bargaining chip.
My. god.
the Christian Right hated having the Mistress move into prominence in the past:  She has become a vatican ambassador by flaunting Marriage

Dick, get a grip. Rome is burning. You think 9 million children are the concern of those who lit the match?
Because almost every member of congress is completely incompetent. Wish they could all be fired!
https://www.rawstory.com/2017/10/insurance-company-sends-letter-to-9-month-old-boy-explaining-hes-too-expensive-to-keep-alive/#.WeecwOufEHs.twitter … This is what is happening in the real world
Unbelievable and evil..
@RepKinzinger @ActionDekalbCo @hawks_sox Adam, your office told me last week this was in the works. 1000s in #IL16 need this
Yes, @RepKinzinger ‘s offices, where the most informative answer staffers seem to have is  DGAF 
I see you've spoken to the same staffers I have.
When are you going to demand a formal investigation of Clinton and Russian influence? Unbelievable. No action? How much did you know?
Because they don't give a shit about children, once they pop out.

Democrats let the Republicans get away with to much. Democrats have to be aggressive minority party. Let people know we stand for something
Why aren't Dem legislators better at getting messages such as these to general public? We have no nation voice.
Because kids are the leverage the GOP is willing to use to get a tax break!
DO NOT SUPPORT A TRUMP TAX REFORM BILL
Kids before rich SOBs!
10 Reasons I Want To Punch Trump In The Throat
This @GOP congress is not just partisan, they're incredibly incompetent with zero compassion. #GOP
Hey @SCGOP @GOP @SpeakerRyan what's up with this? Could you lend a hand @SenatorTimScott and @LindseyGrahamSC or #maga @POTUS come on!
Why does the @GOP hate for us to see doctors?
They are actually worthless. Vote in people who care about their constituents.
It's nothing short of criminal. And certainly not pro-life. Talk about hypocrisy.
#GOPDeatheaters
You mean the Pro-life party? Wait, something’s missing here..
they will don't worry congrees always find a way to spend money for things that are important. it's all the crap that needs to go!
#Believable #ThisIsTheGOP #PartyOfTrump #PartyOfLies #PartyOverCountry #GOPCare #PayOrDie
No. Quite believable.
@JeffersonObama As long as the media allows 
the moron in chief to divert attention from real issues, this is what
we get.
Cuz they're not yet dead. I know!!!.it's terrible & that is their logic--" they don't need it, cuz they're dead?--sure, let's authorize it.
@realDonaldTrump hates children! Especially poor ones .
And as we loose vital funding & trump continues to defile the presidency, we must remind ourselves of the 22 Veteran suicides per day in US!
After 10-months of the Trump administration circus, it’s sadly believable.
U haven't and won't these companies aren't Walmart they will not roll back prices
Insane profits and Obama getting kick backs now how many ppl here that's hear of companies raising the price and then lowering it back down
Look this is cut and dry Obama care was to help insurance companies have a reason to raise their rates without Americas knowledge of their
Dick Durbin. The name makes me laugh. Dick Durbin. Dick Durbin. Dick Turban.
They never will, they don't care about anyone but themselves, not even their own families so why would they care about ours?
Unbelievable for sure and they will not reauthorize it because they dont care about the kids or anyone else !!!
Is the money available to cover it? Would you spend money that wasn’t there? Don’t answer that, we all know the answer.
It is. 2018 is keeping hope alive along with Mueller. Thank you for making noise.
They're busy sneaking in ultra-conservative Federal judges.
The GOP considers them acceptable losses in their war to punish the less fortunate.
It isn't unbelievable it is SICK and DEPLORABLE! @GOP but what do you expect from people who look the other way instead of impeach @POTUS
Put the parents to work for their WELFARE!!!!!!!!!!!!
This should be in the forefront of the news until it’s passed. They are messing with kids. I don’t like that. You shouldn’t either.
Too busy watching Trump’s reality TV shitshow of a FAKE Presidency.
Nope. Not unbelievable. What has happened to our country?
Does anyone know what their elected official  does during the day.  Call yours and ask. I’m thinking enough calls with that ? Will change it
Nothing is unbelievable with this crowd. Mean, cruel schoolyard bullies!
See how @realdonaldtrump blames others for his mess? Don't do that. You're in congress too. #MakecongressWorkAgain #TheResistance
The illegal unauthorized subsidies you get your kick backs from??..Obama Care is dead..
Maybe you can get #MSNBC #CNN #NBC #CBS #ABC to cover this they don't seem to be listening to me! #CHIP
Exactly. Hardly any coverage about shit affecting real people who have no voice. They need ratings which this story may not provide.
Ain't that the sad sorry truth! #CHIP
Unfortunately, all too believable.  @GOP has given up all pretense of caring about anything but the almighty $ and war, given cover by DJT.
Crimping & scraping for those tax cuts. Get Rid of HEALTH CARE FOR KIDS & ACA subsidies. Get the picture. Let's see what else gets chopped.
This Republican Congress hasn't reauthorized funding insurance companies to guarantee profits you mean. Obamacare is done. Let it die. #MAGA
Sadly, Senator, it is all too believable. "Embarrassment to Republicans" has become an oxymoron!
Too busy looking for Hillary, Steele or Comey dirt.   Come on, try to keep up.
Repug;s Holocaust H.C. Plan!Tax breaks 4 rich!Let poor &sick&seniors die off!Cuts down population!Hitler kill with gas!Repugskillby removeHC
This is more important than the NFL. Get over it Don. We have free speech and right to peaceful protest
So the democrat congress in 2008-10 didn’t pass gun reform. Unbelievable. Dick please explain to us where the money comes from for those kid

@BenSasse don't write books about being an adult when you turn your back on 9 million kids.
GOP's unborn babies.But once they're born, GOP does just like Christ "let the children come2me so I can tell them, I got mine, screw u kid"
CHiPs
@Senate @SenMcConnell @GOP @RNC @Congress @SpeakerRyan Remember, God Is Watching You! Renew "CHIP"!
Yeah and they HAVEN'T ENFORCED THE RUSSIA SANCTIONS either@

They won’t there is a DICTATOR in the People’s House and he doesn’t give a shit
This republican congress apparently has plans to cute Medicare as well.. see budget bill.  What happened to serving the American People?
The self-proclaimed uniter has done nothing to being anyone together. In lieu he divides.
Why do Republicans hate Americans?
Unreal!
Despicable
Stop yet freakin bitching and come up with a solution. Don't just sit on your ass and do nothing@GETTOWORK
Why should the government fund YOUR healthcare?...get your ads out there, get your own.
Rs don't care    they care about tax cuts for rich
Not holding my breath waiting to see it happen.
When do u think that will be?
Can u imagine, Dem WHIP @SenatorDurbin judging another party for not getting anything done. What have U done Senator #manufactoredmeltdown
Here you go again blaming ONLY the Republicans when you Demoncrats refuse to budge or even work with anyone who doesn’t side with you
Republicans have control of congress. Its easy to Blame the minority party with little power, but Its up to the Right to do something
Why did you pass ACA a program destined to fail from the begininng. it is your fault
The GOP is a death panel.
Unfortunately, it's not unbelievable.
Angry about CHIP? Do something. Start here-
Yep then do something about it ! Find anRepublican and work with them STOPS THE EXCUSES AND GET UR DONE 
Ty, Senator. Losing our children because of Congressional apathy is my nightmare
#takeAmericaBack2020
No Dick. With the Greed Over People gang it is very believable sadly.
Dick what is the problem get to work and come up with a plan
What's the rush children don't vote
Your BOTH unbelievable. Quit your finger pointing. Both parties need to do some soul searching. Start doing for the people not your donors!
.@GOP @SenateMajLdr #2018
Senator u want less crimes and cry the fed does not help yet u will not assist sending criminals illegals deported stop playing politics
Aren't  you a member of Congress? Or are you doing the Twitter thing full time? #DoYourJob
Thank you for keeping attention on this
Unbelievable!
Actually not unbelievable. Detestable but not surprising.
Great “family values” there.
They're worried about the NFL; they've got a crazy man in the WH; their approval is falling faster than crazy man's wealth—no time for kids!
Unbelievable is right. #vote these jerks out. #healthcareforall
This Republican Congress has one direction and that is pleasing #DOTUS. Few of them have the balls to do what their heart says. Gutless!
Dick, what IS unbelievable is how flawed Obamacare is and how Trump is blamed!
At least Dick Turpin only robbed the wealthy
We must have this re-authorized soon!
ACA ditched daca ditched Iran ditched chip ditched if Congress does nothing he wins and destroys lives of millions of ameticans!
20 trillion in debt
...9 million illegals makes it believable to me... We know thats where the democrats wud hav R taxes go ..
Y don't u call the president & ask? Maybe ud rather have an open issue. Roll it in with ur DACA discussion. Where's ur initiative?
Another reason we need #MedicareforAll - Everyone’s covered; nobody’s eft behind! #MedicareforAll because #MedicareWorks!
Please STOP using kidds as POLITICAL PAWNS!
Obamacare hurts working class,
They’re kids...they don count anymore because they’re past 20 weeks in age
You're rich. Take it out of your pockets!  NOT MINE!!
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts repubs MOTTO: ELIMINATE THE SICK AND THE POOR.
Horrible! What do you propose we do about it?
What's REALLY UNBELIEVABLE is that EVERY-SINGLE-DEMOCRAT (AKA OBSTRUCTIONIST) voted against OPENING the conversation. NEWSFLASH: ACA DIED !
Defund Chicago!!!
Also still waiting on Russian sanctions since Oct 1
Jazz Cat we're not going to stay no sanctions against them not while dotards works for him
You have got to be the biggest joke ever played
