The best way for you to condemn his failed leadership is to impeach him. Please.... I am an IL. citizen (Cook county) and I voted for you.
He has exceeded in presidency much faster and much better than any other press send. You are some how not in the real world.
;-((  I can't see a "send" button to press ... is it in the "other" world ?
Best president ever..a place you will never be.
Absolutely the best.  Building a strong legacy when this is all said and done.  #NWO on hold because of Trump. They should be grateful.
And immediately.
All people
Thank you for speaking honestly. It's time for 25th Amendment or #Impeachment.
Investigate Benghazi, uranium deal, Iran nuclear deal, Ferguson burning, fast and furious scandal.... Etc. All obama legacy.
Exactly!!
You are letting young people just like 3 year olds throw fits until they get their  way. Grow a pair and do your job.

He will be our President in 2020 again.  God is with him.

And @BarackObama boosted anti police violence. Did the press condemn his moral leadership?
That's not what I took out of his condemnation for these groups
GOP won't sadly. Dems need to also broaden focus to point out Dem economic policies & how GOP/trump ineffective
Dems have never had any ideas. If they did Trump would not have inherited the mess Obama left.  He is only hope for USA. God is with him.
Thank you. Please do something when you get back to Washington. The guy has to be removed. IL voter.
Senators don't work.  They collect paychecks and produce little.  They don't know what work is.  Would never make it in the private sector.
Maybe if voters would be more engaged do a little research we get better leaders. Shame on us.
That's the way it should be. Agree.
I respectfully disagree.  There is good and bad in everyone was sung by Stevie Wonder and I remember it well.
No one, no one is perfect. Some are worst than others and to me Dems are insane and they have no brains.
Check it out counter prosters had permits the Nazis had no permit  to be in the park. Trump you didn't have the facts EVER!
They did have a permit. Typical dem opening her mouth w/o checking the facts.  You support #ANTIFA and #BLM you are the scam of the earth.
I hope you will press your Republican colleagues to publicly join this condemnation. POTUS words were reprehensible yesterday.
Yes exactly which part of his speech was so deplorable? What words that he spoke were in support of the White Supremacists?
I voted for you, @MikeQuigley and @SenDuckworth. What are you doing to condemn him? Actions speak louder than words.
@RepMikeQuigley Isn’t doing anything. He’s weak. There are better candidates now. @benjaminwolfBTW Is going to beat him in the primary.
Impeach Now!!!
It won't happen.  Keep waiting. Dems suck big time.
If both houses turned their back to him that would send a message.
Won't happen. Keep hoping.
But when Obama said nothing and did nothing when all those police officers were being killed by BLM members that's ok??? #HYPOCRITE
and we are still waiting...
Keep waiting lady.  It won't happen.
Can we finally get actions instead of words???

The world is watching, can we get them to stop laughing at us?
The world was laughing when Obama went around bowing & apologizing for America. And when he went around covering Christian crosses. Trump
#ImpeachTrumpNow
It won't happen.  Keep waiting. We  Trump.
Condemning is not enough. We demand Trump's immediate resignation or impeachment. #ImpeachTrump
That will never happen.  You Dems are still going through your derange symptoms.  If you don't cool off, you will have heart attacks.
You need to impeach him. There will be more violence. The white supremacist nazis are planning on it. #DoSomethingGOP #ImpeachTrump
Trump isn't causing the violence you are
All leaders must organize to Impeach!
You hope. Won't happen.  We love  Trump.
Condemning isn't enough Senator. Only removing him from office can we hope 2 save our Republic from this cancer now in every level of r govt
We saved the country with Trump's election. God is with him.
And demand that nazis-KKK get out of the DirtyDonald's administration. Including Trump/Pence.
Beautiful administration and with class as opposed to what we had before.
Impeach now!
Nunca. Espere todo lo que quiera.
Do something, please!
Don't worry.  We are doing something. We are keeping our beloved President. The best ever.
Republicans will never act against Trump and white supremacy 

Because they're spineless 

Or because they've got KKK robes themselves!
Reread your history books and you'll discover it was the Democratic Party that led the white supremacy movement.
People like them don't read history then they would have to admit they were wrong.
Impeach
No just you and your dem buddies
Eat rocks. Nothing will ever be good enough for the self righteous political globalist scum running our country!
And he's boosting them even more today. Lamenting the loss of "these beautiful statues." The man is demented. Invoke 25th NOW. #DoSomething
All he said was that all involvedwere at fault, and he was right.
No he did not. What in the hell is wrong with you! Never heard u condemn BLM or antifa. Do your job and quit stirring the pot.
Pence said he stands by the President. Your thoughts?
I watched and listened to his entire statement. @realDonaldTrump condemned white supremists and antifa. Clean your ears little dickie.
67% of Republicans believe he handled #Charlottesville properly. 67% Senator. That's a REAL, significant problem that goes FAR beyond IQ45.
President Trump denounced white supremacists.  Your false narrative is "boosting white supremacists". You should be fixing Chicago!
Condemning is not enough. Trump must go. Now.
I ageer with senator durbin! trump need to get somewhere and sit down! Because he is a very confuse man indeed!!!! He don't make sent.
Behind u 100%. Elders called family, making a plan to flee country if/when THIS ISSUE escalated. Threatened  twice in a lifetime. Appalling.
Thank you for your leadership Senator
When did you denounce ANTIFA, BLM for their violent acts? You didn't because you support things like pigs in a blanket fry,em like Bacon?
Oh almost forgot thanks Mr President for the opportunity to grandstand and show everyone what a good person I am.
Durbin continues to lie. Have you lied all your life or just when you became a politician?
Stand strong and united against all kinds of racism to make this world more peaceful.
We should all condemn such actions, no matter which part we belong to.
Need help with USPS. Sent pkg to South Africa 3 weeks ago. USPS refuses to track it. After 1 hr in Que for CS, the call disconnects. Help!
You must investigate get a senate committee to call him to task. They investigated baseball for steroids! Now the Nazi is back and near!
So, what are you DOING about it? We need action, Senator, not mere words. End this madness!
The time for condemnation is past. Impeach or declare him incompetent.
Statesman Senator Dick Durbin.

Spotted a counter protester with bow and arrow. #Charlottesville 

Protesters are definitely outnumbered trying to enter the park. #Charlottesville 


Clash between protesters and counter protesters. Police says "We'll not intervene until given command to do so." #Charlottesville 
Where's the march this weekend?

9.  was standing passively by, seemingly waiting for violence to take place, so that they'd have grounds to declare 'unlawful assembly'.

Not sure who provoked first. Both sides were hitting each other at Justice Park before police arrived. #Charlottesville 
Thank you Sir!
He did? Was there a second speech that I missed?
DO. SOMETHING.
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DHZVYzzVYAAv_f7.jpg …
You can learn from someone with class.
Enough words...

DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!
Senator Durbin, please retweet #StopTheHate. Let's use twitter to spread unity and love. Your fellow Illinoian.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Antifa terrorists organizations flyer. When you will condemn them. Hypocrite.
The more you lie, the more hate you bring to this country. & for what, a few more voters? You are a sick individual, Durbin!!!
@SenatorDurbin please get rid of this racist, misogynistic, anti-Semitic, fascist Russian collaborator. #ImpeachTrump
We condemn you for your lies.  President Trump condemned all that deserved it, including Antifa and BLM.
Impeach @SenatorDurbin
No he didn't, not even close to the truth. He said ANTIFA and Black Lives Matter are just as guilty for going there & picking a fight.
Never heard you speak out against violence on both sides, violence is not okay, both sides are in the wrong, why don't u say that?
Can't blame the #jackass @POTUS for trying to maintain is 36% approval rating.
@SenatorDurbin would you come out & condemn violence from any side? Violence is never the answer, ppl acting savagely should be condemned!
Wow really? Sat.'so statement was spot on. It was constitutional & bipartisan. Dr. King stated there is only one race the human race. 1blood
Congress do your job and protect America from this Government take over.
I think you should bring a vote to censuring Pres. Trump to the floor. Please IL voter.
You must request #ImpeachTrumpNow  proceedings
Thank you for your never ending support. Illinois you!
And what else are you and the democrats going to do about it?
Did you condemn your buddy Dem Sen Robert Byrd for being a senior leader of the KKK? Have you called for removal of his statue? #hypocrisy
Liar. He condemned violence on all sides. He also specifically condemned white supremacist. Sell your lies somewhere else.
Why can't you work towards removing him.  He's crazy & dangerous ... oh, and a blatant racist
You are a liar, Senator.  He never did that.  You really like to twist facts.  How about getting back to work and do your job.
He has more morals than any of your lefties.  The Dems are the real racists. Sen. Durbin you are fighting Trump because of your hidden $'s
Impeach him. All of you need to grow a set and impeach the traitor
Illinois is junk bond status, it is going to be the 1st FAILED state like Detroit. School System paying  $850 Million % on $500 million loan
Not gonna happen. @SpeakerRyan has zero balls and has sided with a racist, now it's just out in the open.
Amen
Are you heading up the movement to remove statues of Democrats Byrd and Thurmond, while you're chipping away at Mt. Rushmore?
Dick Durbin- divider, denier, disturber, Democrat party destroyer
impeachment time of trump and pence
Why do you folks lie so blatantly and without regard? How many times does he have to denounce these groups before you idiots stop your B.S.?
So lead the way, sir. Invoke 25th before it is too late.
He obviously did not.  He called the racists despicable people.
All voters should condemn your failure as a public servant. DUMP DURBIN!!
Again, thank you Senator.
#45 is off his rocker by saying there are "many fine people on both sides" Can you use the 25 ammendment to have him removed from office?
What about the leadership of your state????   The dems ran it broke !! .    Good job
Democrats the party of the KKK
Where r ur friends across the aisle? Words r cheap. Trump supports Nazis. Isn't it reason enough 2 impeach? This should be an easy decision.
Republicans are gonna act shocked then get past it real quick
Bs.
Congress needs to censure @POTUS on record. FBI needs its funding returned to their domestic terrorism/hate group investigation Dept
Omg he said all sides did wrong. Your only going after votes and you have lost millions, the silent majority is sick of all this rhetoric
They need to denounce trump and tell him he is too close to that fine red line, call him out by name too
Your a clueless leftist. Move on and fix your healthcare mess.  Tax cuts are coming.
Baaabaaabaaa blind sheep!
Do you realize that you were elected to serve all your constituents best interest. Not just your parties. Just asking
The Democrats have been a moral disaster for years now. They have banned Merry Christmas but use God to try to make their agenda moral
Enough w/ the condemning.  DO SOMETHING, IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!
AND REMOVE HIM FROM OFFICE.
How far will Senate and House let Trump go on...WHY are we not impeaching?  What more needs to happen??
Impeachment must happen now, nothing short of that is an acceptable response
Name one offense that is impeachable. Or you are just talking from your ass.
Yes!!! Thank you!!!
Never mind that.  IMPEACH!  Before we become Nazi America.  This guy supports and fosters terrorism.
Start with a call for IMPEACHMENT
Oh my word. Better look at your own State. Before throwing stones my dear friend.
You must do more than condemn or you must own it.
Agree. 
Ramp up Russian finance investigation 
Investigate ties to ultra-right campaign financing 
Hotel use influence peddling
Dear Senator, 
We the people , would like to know what it takes to get him out of office? The Constitution is supposed to protect us
Not one member of Trump's Evangelical Council has resigned. Corporate America has. So allegiance to profits, not prophets drives morality?
That is a lie he did he denounced KKK and white supremacy he finds it repulsive
TheGOP are bald faced chickens they are scared of trump WHzy you have more power hoping the congress & senate hearings will continue
We have come to the point where just condemning him is not enough. We expect action from our Senators & Reps. #ImpeachTrumpNow
#ImpeachTrump
There are many more like this that tell it like it is. Ya'll sorta favor a lot.
What about ur failure? Mayor Rahm Emanuel defies DOJ. Protects criminal illegals even if they do crime  against citizens. IL is a mess!!!!!!
He must be IMPEACH! #ImpeachTrump
You don't have an original thought in your head. Lib talking points. Never let a crisis go to waste.
So he needs some Chicago harmony?
Durbin, there's not a MORAL BONE in your body...or your BANK ACCOUNTS in other countries.
BS! And you know it. Politics!
Repeating Dem talking points make you look useless.  America is changing and your not with us.
Our Country deserves More than this...
condemn?  My dear, listen to us. Condemnation is no longer enough.
Thank you
#censuretrump
I M P E A C H  H I M
He did???  Really????
Where were u when BO installed Nazi's in Ukraine?
What????
Sad, but true.
.@SenatorDurbin Per usual, the GOP remains silent, and is now COMPLICIT.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
you are anti citizen job and pro PC control of our country:
He must be formally censured at the least
Do you denounce Marxism, communism, socialism, and tyranny by government? It's hard to tell!
Yes we do. Not the issue here. There currently is a White Nationalist clear and present danger. Hate and violence are no longer acceptable.
Who w/in your political ideology is denouncing Marxism, communism, socialism, and tyranny? Antifa? BLM?
All of the above
Why are you conflated violent, racist White Supremacists attacks-Charleston #Charlottesviille...with perceived, arguable govt overreach?
It only was in your imagination! Bye
Thank you! Now work on @RodneyDavis @RepShimkus
#ImpeachTrumpNow
We the people have had enough. It's time to impeach Trump. We require the elected people to work for the people not the 1%.
SFYS!I'm a we the people and so are millions of other Trump supporters that you and the left are trying to rob of a duly elected President.
Trump is unfitt. Remove him!
Go back to your office Senator, we will call you when the trash is taken out, that is when the swamp is drained in your hallway.
Tell that to @VP who seems to be @POTUS lapdog.
You should be ashamed
I rarely see eye to eye with the senior senator from the great state of Illinois...but I whole heartedly agree with this statement.
Your great
The Thrust of the WW2 Nuremberg Trials was that ordinary Officials and people could have and should have SAID NO to the "Hitler SIDE"
Condemnation is no longer sufficient. What action will you take?
Are you suggesting a coup?
Continuity in the Democratic house is desperately needed otherwise the powers that be will divide and conquer those lost in the sauce
Dick needs a new interpreter. @POTUS was talking in plain English. You know press 1 not 2. I only heard President condemn violence.
You need to pay closer attention, Mike.
No one despices White Supremist more than me. However, spinning words to fit another agenda doesn't play well for our country. Good Comments
After watching the press conference again you are just plain wrong. Please tell us are you doing this in cooperation with #GeorgeSoros ?
Inquiring minds need to know if there any action amongst @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP to remove Trump.
Mr. Durbin you are politicizing to the core!So sad to see you sell out to the obvious racist narrative that your spineless party is playing
Where is your Russian narrative now? the leftist gunman assault on GOP? Forgot about that huh? Liberals are hypocritical opportunists! Joke
Why have you not condemned Antifa?
You are completely wrong as usual
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Trump Moscow!
Antifa flyer. Please explain this
Can we move from condemning to #ImpeachTrump
Maybe in your dreams lol
Maybe...but doubtful 
Your continued LIES are nauseating.  What part of what he said was factually wrong?  YOU ARE PANDERING AS USUAL.
We need to Senator Thank You ROS
Let me guess... You have nothing better to do?  Complaining becomes you.
Too his FACE!! We are sick of this- Americans
Agree
