You understand the power of perception. Quit fighting the effort to review the validity of our voting processes. Do it and we can end this
When republicans redraw lines to stop those who may not vote for them and make it harder to be able to vote you will see such reactions
https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2012/10/the-league-of/309084/ …   A couple of good reads on  gerrymandering

It's all true. Thinking that your vote matters when in reality so few votes define power.
Thank you, I don't trust the Fed gov with voter info as long as Trump is president.
You of all people are supposed to understand how to communicate effectively. You are failing. Prove you point. Independent audit.
.Have every tabulating 
machine in Republican 
States inspected for pre
Programmed Flip the Vote
Software. Then Paper Ballots & Hand Counts
Your profile says you're not from Illinois. Yet you say we have voter fraud. Come back when you know whereof you speak.
Your part of the witch hent, I am a demo but they way my party is acting ,I can no longer be whit your witch hent  Stop this made madness .
Start working and do your job
No evidence this WH wants to suppress voter's rights. Your party opposes demand  for voter's ID, when same voters need ID to buy a 6-pack!
.Republicans want to get more people to not register, cancel their registrations if they aren't Republican voters. Register as No Party. 1/
Truly fake here..another #snowflake
Lol, that's all you got? #MAGA
If his accusations are "hair on fire," states could turn over their voter rolls. If you're right, they will prove Trump's accusations false.
Verify our voter systems, no dead votes, no illegal votes, no double voting. What are you hiding?
Thank you!
tRump admin? What about Texas they have made voting a nightmare!
Thank you for all you do!
This is nonsense
You are a liar Senator. Shame on you for not wanting to find fraud! All you Democrats are the same! Blame others knowing YOU have done wrong
Well the best way to know is to have an investigation if U have nothing to hide that is.  Hair on fire? I'd say that's the DEMS on Russia
You're not going 2 steal the next election. Fix your almost-bankrupt state & mass murder in Chicago B4 helping ILLEGAL aliens & foreigners.
Everyone can vote ...as long as they are a citizen, over 18, not a felon, and can prove they are who they say they are with Photo ID.
We need and ID for everything we do.  Why not a voter registration card with picture to make sure you are legal to vote
Excuse me @SenatorDurbin ??? Say what now?? Don't you mean @CNN IS USING HAIR ON FIRE CONSPIRACY THEORIES!!! You lefties are STUPID!!!
we have to stop him! i dont know how. we need help from dems!
Stop ALL ILLEGAL VOTING and Do Your Job 2 enact legislation requiring USA ID to assure Americans not 1 vote is stolen by foreign Nationals.
Why wouldn't you want picture ID/ID presented when voting?
This man has direct ties to Russia and the Corrupt Clinton Foundation.
You are talking about conspiracies?  How many you going to put out today?
Good grief!
Liar 
They lie lie lie
Senator, wake up! Yes there is Dem collusion in obtaining votes from illlegals in this country! Chicago even has the dead voter rolls.
There is evidence of #VoterFraud why are trying to defend corruption?
Why are you afraid to find out the data ? Is it because you don't want to know how many illegals the dems have bought?
Must protect right to vote and make is easier not more difficult.
No he is not.  We are tired of hearing how our voting was hacked.  Let's get the yoked corrected and let the chips fall where they may!
Let's get the voter roles corrected & let the chips fall where they may.  Clean up & then plan methods to protect.
Derp derp derp.
Yes they are & Trump and company need to be stopped and the American people need to fight to end voter suppression and gerrymandering by GOP
It's not voter suppression if they were never suppose to vote! It's called illegal!
Man, they are doing all kinds of crazy crap. Keep fighting.
Mexico requires photo ID. Would that hurt Democrats?
Thank you for speaking up for Illinois voters and for all Americans.
Thank you for your service, sir!
At the very least it is a Data Sweep to computer generate Gerrymandering maps.
Again, you show that term limits are needed desperately! #Drainthatswamp
Dear Dick Brush up on your history concerning voting rights. By the way, illegals, visitors, dead people should not be voting.
Dead people do not have a right to vote.
LISTEN IF MEXICO CAN REQUIRE IT'S CITIZENS TOO HAVE VOTER ID. THAN WHY SHOULDN'T THE UNITED STATES? IF A PERSON REALLY WANTS!
Laughable coming from the hair on fire conspiracy theories from Dems... Just listen to their Health Care scare tactics.
If I have to show my id to go to a town hall meeting, what's so wrong with showing your id when you vote?
Fight him and McConnell
Absolutely correct, Senator. This is the heart of the Constitution you're fighting for. Ignore the bots. Focus on the Principle. Thank you.
Only illegal votes I've heard was from IA for him. A woman was arrested for voting twice
I bet you would feel a lot different if the illegals were voting republican
So let's investigate prove @realDonaldTrump  wrong unless there is Voter Fraud in Chicago like 1960 when people went to jail
What are you trying to hide Dickie. You seem kind of nervous about it
To require a picture I.D. To vote protects everyone. We in Southern Illinois feel we have no representation in the Senate @SenDuckworth
US citizens have the right to vote, not resident aliens. You're not doing your job to support & defend the Constitution #FireDurbin
Literally no evidence of that whatsoever. Try again.
How can you say there's no evidence when it hasn't been investigated? 
Well you Dems are doing everything you can to deny illegal voting and fighting against integrity measures. Afraid you'll lose votes?
Check the parties on those refusals, again.
I can't understand how you got elected
Can't wait till we vote you out!!
I am with you Cathy!

I don't think Trump is legit POTUS and all he's done will have to be rescinded & repealed. I believe time will reveal tampered votes.
Stop that nut fine the states that gave away voters information inform those voters of their shared info so they can sue the states
Sir, I hope you r thinking of impeachment of @realDonaldTrump & @VP, We The People demand it. Read RT on MajLdr & Speaker, POTUS & vp
You left out "white" ... The white right to vote.
There is no doubt that Dems have engaged in illegal voting. The questions is not if it is a problem but how large & wide spread. Wake up
Until the features of the Civil Rights Act become the Civil Rights Amendment gerrymandering, voter ID, voter suppression will be used
Luckily your intelligent constituents noted that 'fake news' started with our flip flopping child in chief, the perpetual 'fake news' mouth
Didn't you guys yell from the rooftops post election that the voting was messed with?
This is important, don't let it go!
Being from Illinois you can say that with a straight face
Proven that democrats committed fraud in the 2008 election and 2012 election, Sissy Obama stopped prosecution
You who are worried about "welfare" & "illegals" wake up. Time being wasted looking for 3M illegal votes that don't exist. BS needs to stop.
Trump hasn't been proven wrong yet
They won't stop deflecting even after bipartisan studies have showed voting irregularities are minimal.
Not true
Stand strong Senator. You are on the correct side of history. Keep it up.
This is how Democracy dies- check history books- DO SOMETHING
We don't have a democracy. We never have.
TRUMP/REPUBLICANS all ready KNOW,preparing WITHOUT PUTIN/RUSSIA HELP,they don't have a CHANCE IN hell &AMERICANS/WORLD WATCHING/media 
THANK YOU, Senator.
You are exactly right.
Thank you
That's a horrifying thought, but yes. At least some Republicans sold out the Constitution for their personal, short-term advantage.
Yes, impeach @SenatorDurbin! Illinois totally agrees
Ensuring people not eligible to vote do not, in fact, vote is not voter suppression.
but that's not what they're trying to do.
*pants-on-fire
