Democrats hood winked us with ObamaCare? Premiums ^ 120% & deductible ^135%. Dems don't care, only care about 15mil that went to Medicaid
that exactly what republicans are saying about the democrats new slogan
I lost my Doctor Dick. I want him back.
Repeal! Repeal! Obamacare has been a disaster since day 1
1) Trump supporters are universally incapable of accepting verifiable truths about him and, by extension, themselves,
Lol...glad I voted Trump!!!
And we can't be fooled by O'Care having been the problem and you voted for it like the good little stooge you are.
"Skinny repeal" is as worthless as "skinny margaritas."
1) McConnell
2) @SenateGOP
3) Trump
The "Three Stooges Process" to dismantle our Nation's health care system is not funny, it's cruel
Shady Repeal, more like. 
No they are smart enough to take them off a failing Obamacare.  People are tired of the lies and you wonder why Trump won?
Thank for representing Illinois sir!
https://action.groundswell-mvmt.org/petitions/health-care-for-all-let-s-fix-this …

I DONT WANT TO DIE
Trump is mean Spirited Hurting not me But 16 Million Americans s Now @LambdaLegal @LisaBloom @NBCOUT
15 million bailing of their own free will is hardly being "thrown off"
I'm sure your supporters are fooled by yours
Senator, a bit disingeniuous. How many who lose insurance will do so by choice?
Fooled by slogans? Like "if you like your dr you can keep your dr, if you like your plan you can keep your plan" Ring any bells?
Dear Dick how many will die? I have Obamacare and I'm on my last leg. My premium has tripled, deductible  up almost 4x. What should I do?
Keep fighting the good fight!
#childrenofthecorn = #DemsResist @SenateDems installing fear in general public with manipulate lies&erroneous truth vote to #ACARepeal #MAGA
@MSNBC @NBCNews @ABC @CNNPolitics @FoxNews Under reported: The public has a right to know.
So far all we've heard is a barrage of BS from the Rep's. Be aggressive Dem's!!  BLOCK EVERYTHING that isn't absolutely PERFECT!!!
The 16 million were thrown off by the high premiums of ObamaCare! Truth hurts Senator Durbin. There's only about 10 million on ObamaCare now
Do ppl that follow you know that there are 326,560,838 Million Americans? That's how many WITHOUT healthcare
Skyrocket starts at very expensive and goes from there. Get rid of it be4 it collapses all together. All of it.
Yesterday you said 22 million, quite the difference #Durby
And we won't be fooled by yours!
But you more than fell for the ACA lies, Dick. And haven't done a thing to relieve all the moderates you've lost. Sink with the ship captain
If you like your insurance you can keep your insurance...high premiums and obscene deductibles equate to millions w/o usable insurance.
Hey do me a favor, if Senator Rand Paul proposes anything, do me a favor as my senate representative and vote YES!
20% what planet are you living in? It's already gone up 150%. How about giving d American voters same healthcare you have?
#RichGetRicher
All those fuzzy feelings and salivating about repeal is better than the CBO analytical programs.  

Didn't you know?
Don't lecture about premiums, my premiums have tripled since your plan passed, I call that a fail
Dickie, Our families IL BCBS plan has averaged a 43% increase each year under ACA! 20% is a big win!
No end to this
Sounds like Jimmy John's bullshit to me.
Layoffs in healthcare and hospitals closing!
16 million is as unacceptable as 23 or 32 million.  We need quality healthcare for every American.  Either Medicare for all or fix ACA.
Please take the Dems leadership at the Senates
That's about half as much as premiums raised after Obama.

How in the world can you keep a straight face when you lie through your teeth.  ObamaCare is the biggest fraud ever on the American ppl. Lie
Go Get Senator
Not to mention the collapse of the indiv insurance mkts. Dumb move with awful consequences. Thx @SenatorDurbin for fighting!
You're a liar.
Skinny is what you get with untreated cancer
My healthcare premiums have tripled as did deductible and I lost my doctor. Fix this!
They are trying to. But it won't get better for you under the #BCRA
Exactly, I don't think they understand what will happen to people under a straight repeal.
Not only that but they would make it worse later, once they got it passed.
This whole thing violates all that ever was good about America and the oaths of the treacherous waging war on her people.
According to the CBO 21 million people were to be on #Obamacare by now but only 9 million are. Are the mythical 12 million in your figure?
And you are a socialist in sheeps clothing.
8 million, but who's counting?
That might as well be Fox News' new slogan.
SMH
"If you like your plan....."
Oh, but so many Trumplings ARE fooled. It's like they think they're going to be exempt from premium increases and preexisting conditions
"$2,500 savings per family" "keep your doctor"
This whole process has been an outrage. Thank you for fighting. #KeepKidsCovered
