Illegal is illegal

American dreamers should have a

Dream
17000 illegals in WA! How many on public assistance? Try to tell me none.
Hey @MarkWarnerVA how about the treason?  And the hacked vote..di you benefit?
we all agree--so stay off TV and get to work and make it happen. walk the talk, forget the spin.
Don't defenseless unborn humans have a right at the American dream? They don't get a choice either. #abortionismurderyouhypocrite
I am a DREAMER who came here as a child but not included in DreamAct. I'm included in Republican RACact by @carloslcurbelo. Help us please?
Who stands with my Legal Depend Kids? DreamAct doesn't. Legal b4 Illegal-simple! Step up and do the RIGHT thing. Ageout @ 21 here from KG.
How many Americans sneak into Mexico? Mexicans sneaking into USA is a Mexican problem. They neglect their citizens.
Why don't all you dems give them the money to do it legally seeing as that's most of their reasons they haven't done it yet!!
United States Citizens. This is why "your American Dream" is out of reach. These liberal socialist found it easier to import their agenda.
They have a shot, they can go back home and apply for citizenship like all LEGAL immigrants do
Note that there isn't one Republican listed! This is supposed to be bi-partisan!
I don't and if you do then we will get you out of office 2018, 2020 or start using recall dreamers had time to become legal stop the bs.
Americans first.Listen to Americans and deport the illegals.We don't want or need them

We are against amnesty and DACA
Who you trying to sell this to? Me or you? Facts are they're illegals and cost taxpayers $ for benefits they have no right to receive!
They are criminals. Send them back
When will you have as much concern for the protection of Americans (by ending sanctuary cities) as u do for dreamers?
Then why do they have a significantly higher crime rate, unemployment rate, and involvement in org. crime? It looks like they hate the USA.
Dreamers,ILLEGALS,take care of 3millon USA children citizens,should be 1st priority,but we don't talk about THAT do we. Traitorous isn't it?
That's 3million homeless USA citizen
So explain to me what my grandfather did using the sweat of his hands? Explain this to the other imigrants who became legal.  #maga
Be honest! It is not about “dreamers”, it’s about more votes, control and Power! O, but you r incapable of honesty...
Play to emotions politicians, play to emotions...
What exactly is bi partisan about every single person in the video being a democrat?
They need to Dream in the Countries they came from with their Parents!
Let's get the terminology correct dreamers = illegal aliens
DREAMERS: YOU PEOPLE ARE JUST PLAIN AND SIMPLE DISHONEST -- it isn't a simple fix when your spending USA tax dollars & NOT YOUR OWN MONEY

THANK GOD YOU'LL BE OUT OF OFFICE SOON
You’ll support them because they’ll vote Democrat.
Enact the Dream Act TODAY!
Thank you for your service. You seem thoughtful and mindful.
You support them because they vote Democrat but you are not willing to be honest. Disappointing
If they been here all these years why ant they us citizens they don't want to pay taxes like us citizens ha
Simply reduce the number of immigrant slots for the next 2 years by the number of Dreamers you to keep. Still unfair to legal immigrants
What have you done to protect the rights and dreams of American children living in poverty,crime areas
They don’t care about them..they want the votes
That is why they want illegals here makes me sick
If I get pulled over by the police should I tell him I’mUndocumented the dreamer?
Since these idiots want them they should donate a large portion of their income to house and pay for them STOP SPENDING AMERICANS MONEY
Join the club! We the people are paying the bills and demand you work for American citizens, not illegals! How many $ being spent on illegal
#EndDACA! To condone purported Dreamers condones&invites illegals! RootCause MexGvt! Hold MexGvt Accountable! Change Lives Change Mexico!!
How about #abovethelawsenators
Why aren't they legal yet? Certainly have had plenty of time.
Mark Warner looking for ways to continue to BREAK THE LAW. Lay JUSTICE is suppose to be blind. That's so we all get equally treated in court
How is this right
How do u reconcile that to me? How do you justify that to people like me. Or to my sister in law who had to become citizen the legal way
All you want is voter base
Why is this okay to break the law. As a citizen who faces a judge like me who breaks the law is told ignorance of the law is NOT an excuse
Another DEM mess that needs to be cleaned up.
We don't let mom's who sell drugs take their 1 year old kids in jails with them. How is this any different
Let’s let the legal American children dream… Go home illegals
It would be nice if you offered the same support to legal immigrants
Become citizens
How about people who became citizens the right way? How is that not a slap their face? Why do we except these now adults who did not try to
How about military service for a citizenship. They have all had more than enough time to be come legal citizens.
#abovethelawsenators
Illegal is illegal, period ! You can name it dreamers, sleepers or watchers it's still illegal. You should be ashamed supporting illegality

The Statue of Liberty has nothing whatsoever to do with immigration. Try again.
I think you left your humanity in the toilet this morning!
What's your definition of bipartisan? Dems are always wrong. See u in 2089 !
I compete with dreamers and you will ruin lives of Americans giving them anything but deportation. Typical Dem advocate of illegals. No law
If it is bipartisan, why all Dems? Melendez?
So you don't stand for the Constitution? How about the laws you swore to uphold? What part of illegal don't you understand? #swampdweller
Will you support me if I decide to violate laws I don’t like?
A breach in immigration law is unlike any other.  It involves people fleeing life threatening circumstances looking for safety.
I would hope that if you would ever find youself in a dire situation someone would try to help. It' about reaping and sowing.Hindsight 20/20
if people in congress won't obey the laws of the land,why should the rest of us.
Have u read the article about RNC get together in DC?
