They are saving us from the taxes

ROFL - The Kaiser Foundation. Leftwing think tank that spent 8 years kissing Obummers rear. Wrong on all Obamacare predictions!
I'm sure you get your info from Fox news the Saudi Prince &Murdoch propaganda machine
I will be watching GOP~~please
#CompleteRepeal of Obamacare and Nothing less will do!
The only way Democrats win, shut down the debate and censor the other side.  They are afraid of debating the issues.
"losing insurance" is not the same as "not being forced to buy insurance"
@SenateDems why not attach an amendment to this bill canceling all Federally paid health insurance for Members of Congress as well.
Too bad he didn't talk to the Scouts today and tell them what he's trying to do to them
Obamacare will die on its own. Must repeal and replace. We need torte reform, medical malpractice monetary limits. Caps on punitive damages.
I hope you tell @SenJohnMcCain what a disgrace he is.
I and everyone in my social and family network will be watching.
Please run to #ReplaceSchumer as Senate Minority Leader. We need strength, loyalty, determination, clarity  now, as never before.
Nope. A vote to obstruct is a vote against economic literacy. You've got blood on your hands. You helped destroy American health care.
Healthcare is a basic human right, not just for the privileged.
You Talking about the Sicilians or Somebody else?
#SenateGOP 
#GOP we are watching
#CompleteRepeal of Obamacare nothing less will do
Now Dick... Why are we going to such extremes? Could you be reasonable and tell the truth? You just don't like anything GOP.
Medicaid will step up to the plate to cover those why cry wolf.
Yes we will and they better deliver on their promise for once
They should be thrown off if they don't pay for it.
Absolutely I'll be watching; wake up, Dick, millions are already off their health care, cause o-care priced them out of a free market answer
It's not the governments job to provide health care
U voting no makes it impossible for any solution. Disgusted
And voting.
Not true
Yeah. We watched. Still didn't help.
Dear Dick what do you think will happen? How many people will die because of those darn republicans?
Dickie, it's not their health care. The tax payers are paying for it!
We're watching, @SenateGOP.Vote no on proceeding; don't play with the health of millions of Americans.Find another way to improve Obamacare.
GOP we are watching
#ComleteRepeal of Obamacare nothing less will do
This is WRONG! Guts Medicaid hurts seniors,sick,disabled. ALL Health ORGS OPPOSE AARP THE NUNS! NOT PRO LIFE! Where are Christian values?
Another politician telling one side of issue. It's a vote to debate. You'd rather have no part so you can stay negative! #killingofamerica
No Durbin Obamacare threw millions off healthcare
Ted Kennedy said it best! #SaveACA
GOP will only hurt their own voters!  U guys will go down if you repeal ACA!
Actually, I won't be watching, but thanks anyway. #spectacle
When they do, I tip a beer with you to celebrate the end of the worst Government Healthcare ever mandated.
YOU LIE!!
Or people can be happy they can cancel their policy that they can't use.
We are watching u Mr Durbin obstructing taking taxpayer $ and doing ZERO get to work or get out
Do not repeal ACA!  U guys will go down if GOP repeals!!!!
As we are watching DNC, to help fix the problem with #ACA! A no vote also means no changes to IL's high premiums & denied claims!!!!!
@AlimiBallard @SenateGOP I've already lost my health care. What are you going to do about that?
Proud to have @SenatorDurbin as my senator and @SenatorCollins protecting Maine citizens!
A vote to Proceed is a vote to harm Americans
No debate! They chose to keep it hidden. Please encourage every Dem to vote no on the MTP and shut it down, @SenatorDurbin @senateDems
Fear mongering. No one knows what's in it yet. Cause it has to be debated first. You know that.
#ORRA will leave 32 million Americans without health insurance and cut Medicaid by $842 billion.
#ORRA will double premiums by 2026 and eliminate subsidies.
#ORRA will cause 1/3 of Americans to live in areas having no insurer participating in the nongroup market.
You not knowing what's in the bill doesn't stop informed Americans from knowing.
We are watching
@RoyBlunt Pretty sure how you will vote.  Certain how I will. @indivisiblestl
It takes extreme audacity for any Dimm to make any comment in regard to healthcare. A BETTER DEAL?
And we be removing them from office when it is time to Re elect based on today vote
@cnnbrk nope, the gov has no right to control HC
@cmdmgd78 @SenateGOP   Just called Flake to urge a NO vote.
And writing down names so we NEVER FORGET!!! @GOP
#voteThemout
Hey look a thinskin comrade
Trick Dicky is a liar, always has been always will be.
TheLobbyist are trying to jump to throw for Win Trump and Insurance
at the Mid Terms Americans will get Mitch McConnell & Speaker Paul Ryan out of our congress to get some honest Americans to hold their seats
and taking names, shame on the wicked...
Save cancer care
i thought the vote was to debate it or not

@SenateGOP @HouseGOP should be told keeping @SenateDems out of the HCBill is slapping the faces of Americans! Democrats & Independent voters
