The ban on transgender servicemembers isn't just discriminatory, it's disruptive to our military&counterproductive to our nat'l security
If Pres Trump enacts this ban, then those in Congress who oppose this discrimination must pass legislation to prevent it from taking effect
MAGA
A USA where there is a place for everyone. Where the rich and (socially) poor live and work with each other and for each other.
Where people who can, give time and effort in supporting and enhancing society.
Always woe is me and look at me.   Stop holding the military hostage.  Shame on you.
SEN.DUCKWORTH>THANK U 
YOU R RIGHT
NOR DOES ONE CARE,WHOSE EYE'S,HEART,KIDNEY,BLOOD COMES FROM
WHO IS SAVING UR LIFE ON AN OPERATING TABLE
HELPING U IN A CAR ACCIDENT
FINDS UR LOST CHILD
WHAT R THESE RACISTS?
DNA IS SOLID PROOF
WE R "ALL"1 & THE SAME
Oh please.
So you hate the military?
Tell me something i dont know. Explain your comment then
Hmmmmmm. Something you don't know. That universe is too vast to cover on Twitter.
Weak
I have so much respect for you.  I left Illinois in 2012.  Wish I still lived there so I could continue to vote for you.  God Bless, lady, and keep making a difference.
God bless you Senator. Thank you for your conscience and your service!
You are A true #American thank you for your service @SenDuckworth #TrumpDraftDodger #FactsMatter #Equality4All #EveryVoteCounts #Resist
Shut the f up. Ur so pathetic. Dems have tried everything. Nothing has worked. Now he’s a draft dodger. Why don’t you try caring about normal hard working taxpaying Americans instead of trying to bring Trump down. Ur history in 2018!
Why would you care? Wtf
What the hell kind of stupid question is that?
You shouldn't care about their race, sexuality, ethnicity, etc. You shouldn't even think of that, just be thankful
I thought u meant why would she care as in, thisdoesnt effet you why do you care
Whoopsyeah.

Your bravery and commitment to what is right is amazing. Thank you
#ToomeyShutDown #CrapoShutDown #RischShutDown #EnziShutDown #CochranShutDown #FisherShutDown #TrumpShutdown #McConnellShutDown #RyanShutDown #RepublicanShutDown #VoteBlue2018

As a USAF vet, no one I knew cared about that either. 45 needs to leave military staffing to people who have actually served/are serving.
Trump's homophobia is useful to the Russians when it is used against the military. It does weaken our defenses.
What a dramatic description. After I stepped on a land mine in Vietnam I didn't have to worry about it. I knew my Navy Corpsmen was going to take care of me. Senator do you think your the only Veteran to go through it. Your a Dem it's a fact you folks don't care about the Troops.
Thank you for your service Senator! I hope you will get the bill pass so our military is supported in the right way! From a daughter who lost a father, a mother who has a daughter serving, sister and wife of a veteran. Military before DACA!
who pays for their transgender surgery?? how much down time is required before they are able to be on active duty? my son in law couldn't join the marines because he had scrapes on his arm from hauling wood they thought he was cutting himself. So how are transgenders mentally fit
Trans people are tougher than most, because of the societal harassment and pressures they endure. Also, many trans people do not want or need surgery ever.
Then pay them
Don't lecture citizens on military.

You are a snake.

The bleeding troops I took care of where from every race, gender and nationality. I'm not sure that crashing a helicopter & bleeding to death makes you more important than any of the 30,000 American Soldiers & marines that were seriously wounded, nearly bleeding to death.
Dear Senator Duckworth, thank you for your service to our country. You are an inspiration to us all
I'm so proud you're my senator.
Agreed. Intelligent. Reasonable. Honorable.
Agree solely political and promotes has career--100% disabled vet/retired military
Ok. Cool. But you did want able troops rescuing you and not someone waiting for hormones or an addadicktomy back at the hospital?
I hear you Tammy, but what would you do about North Korea?  Talking them to death hasn’t worked so do we avoid war by just letting them have their way?  Just because you don’t like Trump doesn’t mean NK force is unwarranted - talking has only let them have nukes...
People haven't been rejected for flat feet for a long time. So why should trans people be discharged for an easily treated condition?
Someone being trans doesn't always mean they need SRS. Sometimes someone just needs HRT. So yes, is easier.
If they're fit to serve, why does it matter?
You weren't the only one bleeding in America's wars as you allowed Obama bd dems to destroy our military again line Carter & Clinton #veterantoothatispoliticalpartyfree
We need more politicians like you around the globe. Props to you
real life experience. Facing Death (yours or someone else's) changes your attitude and outlook
Yeah, death has a way of putting things into sharp contrast. Helps you see what's really important
perspective .. it's a thing. Let's see politicians live on welfare *only* for a month ..volunteer in shelters or attend charity clinics ..
I couldn't agree more. It'd finally show them what they're putting others through when they make cuts to people who need it
Neither do Republicans! Stop advancing lies about race! #ShumerShutdown
You're a sell out and a fraud. Most soldiers reject shutting down government until illegal immigrants get what they want. Stop acting like your the only person who served that matters. Youre disgusting. #army #navy #airforce #marines #SchumerShutdown #TrumpShutdown #Ilinois
God bless you @SenDuckworth - We need more people like you in Washington. Keep up the good work.
When I was wounded I told the medic "If you're a Confederate reenactor or Global Warming denier, just stop the I.V. this second!"
I lived.
Confederate reenactors (those guys who dress up and stage battles for historical purposes) are harmless.
who asked you to do that?
Hell, yes!
Good. I wouldn't either. So what? This isn't about the color of one's skin. Above all, I would have thought you got that part. Wuit being a damn Dem first and country second.
God bless you for your  kindness and Thank you for your service! 
Have been a member in the service you know a transgender would do more harm than good and cost more money than a more capable straight male.
I'm sorry but ANYONE who is willing to give up their life to serve for our country isn't going to do harm 
A lot of knowledge coming from someone who also hasn't served
A transgender requires an abundant amount of medical maintenance which has no place in our military point blank. If you have any
Consider addressing THE REAL issue here! The "extra long-term expenses" and such. Not as straight-forward as you try to make it!
Meds for transpeople aren't that expensive. Costs for training new people after discharging transpeople are much much higher.
And just WHERE does it end? Med's, sex change demands and on-and-on... Get REAL!
Like other chronic medical conditions that don't disqualify one from service. Discharging will cost $1 billion
You would have cared if a member of your team was out on leave because they were recovering from surgery.
Instead of blocking the ban, try blocking the funding for trans treatment. That's a FAIR compromise.......
No. That will still mean that trans people will get discharged for medical reasons, and rob the military of the skills and service they give
What medical reasons would that be?
Being trans.
Explain why. Don't say trans. What medical conditions are you referring to specifically that would prevent trans from being in the military?
Black, white or brown determined by genetics. Gay & transgender are immoral & unnatural behavioral choices. Nice try
Facts are not on your side. Either dishonest on uninformed. There is a big difference between genetics & behavior.
Really? Please identify the homosexual gene. I'll wait.
Love this woman.

Early this morning, @clairecmc tried to pass a bill to guarantee military pay and death benefits in the #TrumpShutdown. 
Republican Leader Mitch McConnell: I object. WATCH: 
I appreciate your service Tammy but while you're talking all this talk your own city is burning and people are dying every night. When will the corruption stop?
I think everyone owes a debt of gratitude to you not only for your military service and sacrifice but for your service now in the Senate. Thank you.
now you just have to worry about their religious convictions. SMH
What if your party had aborted those who would have saved you?
Why dont you care about active military. I voted for you. Daca has a date and its in March. I do not care how you feel about @realDonaldTrump   our young adults serving from illinois are not a toy you can play with in your political game .
Maybe, if the troops and you were specifically trained for aspiration, optimization, and capabilities:
- you wouldn't have needed saving
- we wouldn't still be getting our hides handed to us in the ME #MAGA
Amen

Now who's banning gays , Blacks ,Hispanics or Asians from military ? No one
Thank you Sen. Duckworth!
Transgenders have a high rate of depression ? Why is that ? What are the risk to people on hormone therapy ? This is why the trangenders we have should be studied before letting more in . Moron ? Everything social justice and bigotry ,instead of doing research .
This is why va got shitty care cause you have no reasoning skills
When your black hawk went done it was don't ask don't tell policy you sycophant . The only transgender we knew of was Chelsea manning , that's not a ringing endorsement .
Did you care when veterans were dying from suicide 22. A day ,had a three year waiting period ,had to travel hundreds of miles . You were the assistant director of va . You did nothing
Lieutenant Colonel how can you bash the commander in chief knowing he cares about or troops and people.   I am honestly saddened that a veteran like yourself would use her platform to bash our president elected by the people! R or D.   Patriotism first
Senator Duckworth thank you for shedding light on miltary service peoples needs during shutdown. Please push back to repubs b.s. their spinning to american people
All that you and the Democratic party are hoping is that illegal aliens become citizens who will vote for your party. You jeopardize the safety of Americans with your open border policy and vast amounts of drugs flowing in from the southern border.
True American hero. I appreciate your sacrifice. And standing up.. how can a woman with No legs stand up to @realDonaldTrump but Congress and the Senate cant...
All of that does not make you any smarter or a better leader. Loser. MAGA go Trump.
I do care who you are when you are in the restroom with my girlfriend, niece, or anyone who has the opposite sex organ as the person in the restroom.  Why? Because there will be perverts who will take advantage of this new gender-neutral restroom policy! https://goo.gl/oSEkhR 
trump has disgraced you all. What a world embarrassment on view.
Do you care if those troops are getting paid? Stop the #SchumerShutdown
LOVE YOU !
#TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown #TrumpShutdown
These words are worth a million times any of the garbage that spews out of #Trump's shithole about our military, thank you for being a hero
Thank you for your service.   I wish you were in Nebraska.  Your state and the whole country are lucky to have you.
The bottom line is TRUTH
That was one hell of a speech. Congratulations. Well done.
As a veteran and American first let me say thank you for your service. I am confused, however, by your race baiting attitude with the President. I am so disappointed as your sacrifices have been so inspirational  for my entire family. Please stop your travels down this road.
You are the embodiment of what it means to be a TRUE Patriot!
Also enough with this political correctness no more queers and crazy transvestites in our military what is this a joke. That’s what happened during the Obama era he let that garbage go on and we were the laughing stock of the world. That’s why the worlds so f.... up no respect!
While we appreciate your service you and duty you do need them to be QUALIFIED, free of communicable disease, and of a degree of morale character.
If I was the President I would tell you Idiots good close the Government. I will take care of DACA by executive order like Obama did. Then I would deport all the illegals and appropriate funds and hire 60000 ice agents to deport illegals and reform immigration by executive order
The fact that you can state "in my Black Hawk" is so BAD ASS- The fact you gave the president a new nickname is beyond!!! #myhero
Thank you for your service Senator.
This sort of statement is a pure example of sham relationship dynamics. Every variable is artefact designed to render a Utopia ideal. It simply doesn't need to be said...
Way to go! Thanks for serving
And they risked their lives for a fellow American even if they would turn out to later be a Libtard.
Damn good for you!! Thank you!!!
Millions across this nation, suffering the blight that is Trump and his Hate Cult, can never thank you enough for your courage and Military Service! We shall always have your back even IF we reside in other states! Again, thank you! Plz tell those GOPers to remember their oaths!
Are you actually a Senator? SMH
Thanks for your service... #LeadByExample
Maybe it's time for you to run for president. I'd vote for you.
And you pushed on to do even greater things. I'll never forget your story Tammy.
You clearly don’t care if they get paid either
You weren't "bleeding to death", if you had been, you'd be dead. You should take up drama, oh wait, you're a liberal, you already did take up drama.
Well said Tammy.  This preposterous POTUS needs laughing out of office. The Emperor Has No Clothes?  This guy has no clue, nor the self-awareness to realise it.
#IllegalsBeforeAmericans
You didn’t care about Americans today either did you? #DemocratShutdown democrats only care about illegal immigrants dreams not Americans safety, dreams or anything else.
I bet you didn't even care if they were republicons, democrats, Atheists or Evilgelicals either cause when you work together for your country you support everyone EQUALLY!
me river. Obviously NOT BLEEDING 2 DEATH or you'd B DEAD. melodramatic BS  SERVED VIETNAM not free pass. #ReleaseTheMemo #SchumerShutdown
But u cared if they could do their job.. discussion ended
Did you care if they got paid? #SchumerShutdown
Thank you for your service
Hold them to the line, governing is about working together- not making a decision and bullying others to agree. RESIST
I believe your last name perfectly describes you.
Bravo, ma'am!  Keep the pressure on the infant in the WH. We retirees of all services thank you. USN (Ret)
AMEN
Dear Senator Duckworth, thank you for your sacrifice and for reminding these heinous, dishonorable, draft dodging Republicans who support Trump what being in the military is all about.
Thank you for your courage, for serving and for TRUTH!! #ImpeachbonespursNOW!!!
Thank you for your service @SenDuckworth.
Please Tammy.
Thank you Senator for your bravery, service and, well, good sense! 
#TrumpShutdown
#CadetBoneSpurs #TrumpShutdown #GOPshutdown
So why don't you take it up with your generals. Get them all to feel comfortable that their military structure hasn't been weaken or disruptive
I can't see how military can deal with the social aspect of transgender when the public still can't handle it. We all like to pretend that society can handle transgender but really that is not the norm.
Your a hero and a great example of courage and strength. Brava!! 
*you're
God created every one as one species.  Did not give us  religion and all other nonsense classification. All snakes poisonous or non poisonous have right to live.
If you bled to death then you’d be dead.
More smoke and mirrors, do your job, put Americans first, approve a budget now, DACA later.
Don't Ask Don't Tell: Clinton administration.
Well at least your SENATORS MADE SURE YOU WERE GETTING PAID.

YOU HAVE FAILED OUR MILLITARY.
well, now you are here, supposed to be representing your constituents.  you need to vote FOR the CR and vote to #ReleaseTheMemo
I voted for you because I admired you and thought you would do the right thing.  #releasethememo NOW!
Gays are not acceptable to GOD. Therefore, not to me either.
As a veteran, I admire you for your service in the Armed Forces. Obviously, you were not bleeding to death.
Thank you for your service Senator. Now please support the military by supporting a clean spending bill. It would be massively hypocritical of you to not vote for it and as my states senator I expect you to.
Yes, we get that.  You know who doesn’t get that and doesn’t care?  tRump.
no trannies in the military. we need tough guys. btw, tnx 4 serving.
Believe  me none were gay nor transgender.
I was there when you were shot down.  I heard the radio.  I know they were going to save you. Do you care they were conservative?
Do you care if your war was justified? If Netanyahu is using your brothers and sisters?  If you're not still being led by the nose?
God Bless! TY for your service!
Thank you for your service.  Keep fighting the good fight.
LIAR!!!!!!! 
Emphasis on do the job
Trans will not be able to do the jobs, take the stress, put up with living conditions & deal with their own emotional problems
And don't tell me being trans isn't an emotional problem
I forgot to say thank you for all you've done for us, and all you continue to do!!!!
Please run for President in 2020. You are a born leader!!! The people of America will follow you. #SenatorDuckworth2020!!!!
Just because you were injured that doesn't justify your cashing in on the sympathy vote. You never had the brains nor the desire to represent anyone but yourself ram tam. Now, cashing in and lucking out due to circumstances you could never earn, you fill a seat as senator. Wow!
No, but you came home and sold your soul.  In bed with everything Durbin wants you to do.  Good job soldier.
Can your staff look into Congressional district 6 in Kentcky? A woman AF fighter pilot announced to run against Andy Barr. The DNC then asked Lex mayor to run. Why? He is money Lib. Does DNC not like people in center?
When I was bleeding to death in my Black Hawk, I didn’t care if the troops saving me were gay, straight, transgender, black, white or brown
Its not about that. Transgender theory runs counter to everything woman like you have strived for. You've fought to tear down the white male hegemony on gender. The hegemony that says woman can't be Apache Pilots, or join the infantry. Transgender theory rolls back gender 1/2cent
That's because we are soldiers and that's what we do sad you had to politize heroic actions.
what does gender or race have to do with anything here the fact that you were fighting for america is what stands out for me and why you deserve respect from me and every american for that great moment in your life where you meet the challenge with bravery.
Thank you so much for your service, Tammy!
Why haven't you presented a bill to remove Trump?
NET NEUTRALITY MUST LIVE ON.#NetNeutrality
What about the whistle blowers you tried to silence that lost their jobs
'and you can do your job'  -- that is the criteria -- and the military has reduced that (some are ex pilots) to meet PC goals
YOU are an Inspiration #Resist #TrumpResign
hi
Would you have cared if a first responder was AL FRANKEN? Why did you and Durbin throw him under the bus? Was is a misguided sense of self-righteousness? Why the hell did you not demand a Turdrump resignation instead? Foolish Dems eat their own!
If you're so open minded, why did you join in with your cohorts to take Al Franken down?  No ethics hearing? Did you stereotype him like he's just another Trump? Shame!
Get off my Senators Back, we need Al Franken #DontResignAlFranken you are being duped by the Misogynist Republicans They will elect Roy Moore and keep Trump and we will be diminished.
NO CALLS FOR FRANKEN TO RESIGN UNTIL TRUMP RESIGNS FIRST!!! Al Franken deserves the benefit of the doubt and an investigation before any more calls for him to resign!!! Grow a spine and stop caving to republican whims!!!
Amen 
Yeah that's absolutely TRUE.I feel like you do
You are young and we need more younger people to run.We have to get rid of all these old  farts. Staying in Congress till they die is ridiculous.No wonder they can't do for the people.
Lets see the facts of a study which shows this move eould negatively impact readiness, oh that's right,  such a study and its results does not exist. Oh, and stop playing on your service, I know the people who flew with you
What do you think? Please comment on my idea for a Reconciliation Monument to recognize all Union and Confederate, white and black, Civil War "Foot Soldiers". Please access my Twitter profile page which has a link to my Facebook page, Lassiter/BizSpan/  Then scroll down to Posts.
Thank you for Serving @SenDuckworth
HELP Children & Women Abused by #TrumpSexPredator (THREAD)

NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW

NOT #TrumpSexPredator & #MooreSexPredator
#ChildMolester #Rapist #SexualAssaulters of over 28 Children, teens & Women
https://twitter.com/BistyCSRoss/status/935332594689777664 …
Amen sister as long as we understand that color gender and race are only those ideas put in place and not the reality of life we stand a chance to be as one.
Proud to have served alongside gay, straight, transgender, black, white, and brown servicemen and women.
SO DID THOSE TROOPS WHO CAME TO THE AID OF BENGHAZI. BUT IT WAS A SET UP APPARENTLY. BY THE 3KS & THEIR REGIME.
COR. DUCK & COVER! LAME DUCK. SITTING DUCK.
Disgusting tweet
