Republicans could protect Dreamers if they wanted to. But will they? http://huffp.st/hjel5w3  
Dreamers are tired of being used as puppets for political gains. Find a COMPROMISE and a PERMANENT SOLUTION. Dream act in exchange for wall.
I'm fortunate to live in a state where we have Senator Durbin.  He consistently stands for what is right and moral.
Does he help unemployed Black Males? Why are so many unemployed? It's a National Disgrace.
Republicans should protect U.S. citizens. Time to end DACA!
Try a little decency. Enact the Dream Act.
No
https://youtu.be/dorXZfn3DUM  
I support American dreamers.... Trump 2020
It is time #DREAMers are protected by congress and senate. I ask work across the isle to finally pass legislation.  #HeretoStay #DefendDACA
Obama wrote the dream act without Congress, pen and the phone.  Trump can get rid of it the same way. Make a law Mr. Durbin.
This is what happens when DEMs use people for selfish DEM agenda. Not the first time just ask Bernie Sanders voters.
You and the rest of the democratic party have a chance to finally find a PERMANENT SOLUTION to this issue. Be OPEN TO NEGOTIATE!
Trump 2020

Is Obama racist? He agrees with Trump. Wanting illegals gone is not about race. #EndDACA #MAGA #RedNationRising  https://twitter.com/BLVCLVBEL/status/905840284419940353/video/1 …
It will not pass. And if by some travesty in the House of Representatives and Senate it does pass, President Trump will VETO it.
Hey Durbin, you work for Legal Americans! If you can't do that then you need to retire!
#BuildTheWall first and then negotiate the Dream Act
the only actions  you are serious about are illegals instead of americans
Here's what you need to Remember , unorthodox Catholic, YOU.
No
When are YOU going to condemn THIS disgusting filth?
NOTHING the Huffington Post says is need to know unless you are a progressive, which is the entirety of who they write for.
Nope
Let's hope they do. It is the right thing to do.
My Citizen Grandchildren have dreams too. End DACA and 800,000 potential job opening are created. Deport illegals 11,000,000 more open up
Luis U do not care for US citizens. Calling for violence is never an answer. U should b removed from office!!!!!
You are an #AmericanHero , Senator Durbin. A TRUE leader !!
Stick a fork in the unconstitutional and illegal DACA.
Remember, we are all travelers, when each of us journey is over, l pray you will be able to answer you work hard for the disadvantage.
@SpeakerRyan knows the jig is up. Needs to start #impeachment.
Our President will do what's best!!
#HR392 plz support to legal skilled immigrant waiting in GC line from decade,  my son was 14 months when came USA on june 2007 on h4 visa
Why not just rename it to Trump's Better Dream Act and call it a day.  Feed the poor little guy's ego and lets move on.
I voted GOP a lot over the years. I don't foresee that happening in the near future. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr have lost our family 100%
Here's the thing: I/We view the GOP as a racist party now. In no way will I support that. My family arrived in 1918-1922.
Let TRUMP/REPUBLICANS/administration TRY it #politicalsuicide it's already HappeningTHESE ARE RACIST TREASONOUS LIEING CRIMINALS 
I hate that face!!!#
Mr. Durbin what do you do for the citizens of Illinois? If you want our vote we would like to know what you actually do for us.
That's not what Trump run on.When Ryan was running for VP he could have put that on his agenda.He even stated DACA was unconstitutional
What would u do to the parents and I understand the kids could get more family in
Thank you!
Yes it is, Senator.
We all know Repubs will do nothing.  The House is dysfunctional. GOP slogan is always "after the border is secure"....which means NEVER.
Then stop fighting it and secure the border.  Take that off the table.
Illegals leave now! Deport them all.
Please support to the DACA individuals. This is their home.
My son was 14 months when came USA on june 2007 on h4 visa, he is still leaving legally, he is not eligible for DACA because he cam legally
Proud to call you my Senator!
Where is the Protection for legal dreams like https://twitter.com/siia_us/status/897852654180806656 … ??? @SIIA_US
Children of legal immigrants face "ageing out" due to long Green Card backlogs.Preeti's story: #Fairness4Legals #HR392 #S281 siia.us 
Congress, do your job for America, vote for the Dreamer's Act!
I have a better idea: Trump says he's against them now. Dems, write bills to save the dreamers. Force Repubs to vote for it. No swamp deals.
What a 'play': @realDonaldTrump says 'no' & Congress 'has to save dreamers'- which Trump will sign. A swamp-move. Rs thinking: vote 4 us.
.@SenatorDurbin we support the #DreamAct of 2017 and wish it a speedy, successful, and well-supported trip through both houses of #Congress!
Need to do better than with healthcare. Time limit won't be open ended.
I seriously doubt it
They need to give them a path to citizenship
Time 2 let it fall by the wayside with the people here illegally. What's so tough about LEGAL immigration? We can't go 2 countries illegally
Since they are both cruel MFers who don't care about Americans, I don't see that happening. But someone needs to keep dreaming.
Only after Government gets out of healthcare business!! Repeal repeal!!!
They won't as they are scared of big Donny.
I hope they fix this 4 the Dreamers & their parents. Also @GOP @gop, Americans want 2 c FLOTUS 'S citizenship certificate. Pls produce!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for all you are doing!! Keep up the good fight!! Thank you from a constituent 
Illegal act means that they have to g.
Good luck. Leadership is a four letter word these days.
I remember General Colin Powell and george Bush strongly supporting the Dream Act
try having faith, Pray to God and support your President
Student loans R a mess.Why not start fresh after reducing those loans2 principle&split it4ways,fed,bank,state,Students.Erease it after 10yrs
I could go with that idea.
We will hold the GOP accountable for their satanic agenda.
Thank you senator. So proud to call you my senator. You and @SenDuckworth make me proud.
No
You're actually honestly asking if the @GOP will do something moral, humane, and that benefits the working class? Is it Opposite Day?
When they show you who they are by their actions, believe them.
True colors of GOP now showing. They've always had racism just under surface. They don't want immigration, period, will not stop Trump.
What race are dreamers?
How about we stay & fight to make our country better?  No more hate, racism, xenophobia, homophobia, nazis, or misogyny. #LoveTrumpsHate
No DACA no Amnesty ever.
You're acting as though you Democrats never had the House and Senate come on you know how the games played
Those that don't protect them will be voted out. What is wrong with D.C.?  Are you all asleep?
My God Dick you would think that you don't know how Washington works one word dick compromise. Now back to Washington and do some work
We will find out if they, like trump, are white supremacists.
#DACA kids MUST be protected.  Get this DONE now
If GOP wants 2 retain Maj they protect #DACA
DACA kids aren't undocumented they've told the government who & where they are, they pay 500$ every 2 yrs 2 stay & pay taxes they never see!
Time to End the Unconstitutional Act?  I agree
What's unconstitutional about DACA?
We need to rid ourselves of Ryan & McConnell 2 anti democratic anti worker immoral thieves
How about #HarveyReliefFunding, #Taxcuts, #RepealReplaceOcare, #BorderWall?
#IllegalAliens first, #LegalAmericans last? #Pathetic! #MAGA!
