Trump administration issues rule narrowing women's access to birth-control coverage under the Affordable Care Act http://wapo.st/2fXOuaw 
By eliminating protections for women's health that benefit 62 million, this is the latest in a long list of Republican health care sabotage.
Condoms/pill to complicated?I give your ppl more credit than you do
Ever heard of PCOS? It's treated with birth control. If you hate access to healthcare so much, demand an end to Viagra subsidies.
Ahhh PD he is illiterate
Maybe...So my opinion is valid?
American woman here. I don't need taxpayer or my employer's money to pay for my birth control. Don't claim a non-existent attack on me.
There are those that do. They’re our sisters, daughters, granddaughters, & mothers. Ins pays for Viagra. It should pay for birth control
ED is a negative medical condition. Being pregnant or preventing pregnancy is not a negative medical condition
There are many hormonal medical conditions that are also treated with birth control pills.
Then that would be considered prescription medication.
And they still won’t pay for it under this executive order.
Really what ab all these women backing Muslims what female would wear this in Saudi women this week was the first time they could drive
Stay on topic man-child. It's contraceptives
Has 3 kids she gets cauterize that way men and women aren't having 10 damn kids they can't afford and y I didn't say cut,tied and burned is
Haha great minds think alike
No one is saying women can't have contraceptive coverage. It's just why should we all pay for it?
Oh, because birth control is so Socialist, right? Why do we pay for infrastructure if we don't drive
 Schools, if no kids? We are Americans
Then pay my property taxes, you don't have to live there. No one said do way with birth control Obamacare forces us to pay for it.
Women sometimes create their own circumstance and want everyone else to pay for their irresponsibility. Enough please. Take responsibility
Remember Chicago, 18,000 shootings in last 6 years of Democratic rule.  Do some good while you are still in office.
Women can buy their own contraceptives and I can bout my own condoms.  Why skills tax payers be on the hook
He keeps his women in line, cock o' the walk is my President.
It's funning how you Democrats spin things to make yourselves sound so righteous. This is about spending our tax dollars on abortions.
FACT: Birth control harms women, the environment & future gens!! @FLOTUS @IvankaTrump @JudgeJeanine @FoxNews @KellyannePolls @SarahHuckabee
I remember a time not so long ago when contraception was not covered..I don't see this as a problem.
Right I should pay for birth control so someone else can have sex Why?
Noone should ever have to pay for someone elses sexual choices.I am American woman and responsible for my choices.Ignorance at its best
Why do the Republicans hate women so much!
They don’t. They just don’t want to pay for irresponsibility any more. Makes perfect sense. Pay your own way.

Endometriosis? Polycystic ovary syndrome? Perimenopause? Excessive bleeding causing anemia?menstrual migraines? All prescribed this med.
Lowers risk of ovarian cancer and regulates periods, catamenial epilepsy, hormone regulation, and the right to responsible family planning!
If a married, working woman does not want to continuously have babies, this is a right. An employer with religious opposition does not.
Separation of church and state AND discrimination against women. Read the Constitution.

No more sex for men march organizing
A contraceptive was missing for u, that we know for sure mister communist!
In Oregon one can purchase birth control over the counter from pharmacists!! except 18 and  < then need RX for a physician!!
There is no narrowing of access to birth control. Birth control pills are not that expensive. Condoms are not expensive.
It takes two to make a baby, so what are the guys responsible for.
Hasn’t limited viagra though has he?
FYI-GOP/Trmp been attacking Rights/Women for decades and in case of Trmp he has/is LITERAL sex sssaults i.e.Access Tape
And again; over exaggerating the entire thing and taking it literally out of context bc it's not word for word what the Democrats want!
Hope that means Taking Viagra away from men becomes a birth control.
Birth control is affordable for men and women buy it yourself if it’s so important.Your attacking families , pass tax reform ASAP

vida dura dos meus brasileiros.
Then get involved in healthcare reform
2/2 class AND gut heathcare and other low income programs. As if @GOP is going out of their way to make it harder to survive.
1/2 I'm failing to understand what the @GOP is up to. They've banned abortion, now no bc. But also want to raise taxes for poor & middle
yet they voted for him anyway - I would keep pulling my hair out but I will refrain
@tedcruz @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan DISGUSTING PIGS....
Only thing " plain and simple " is your lyin spin to trash anything trump or gop.
Your policy in Syria and Iraq and for Iran is a fragile policy! Please work on organizing it, where is the greatness of America?
Where’s the outrage from Ivanka???
@SophiaBush another idiot speaks.
HAHAHAHAHAHA...go to bed crazy old man.
You all are acting like #Drumpf is the only politician who has women in his crosshairs ... he's just a drop in the bucket
I am very happy you represent my state, senator. 
Trump must be shooting blanks and doesn't worry anymore. Or, he's impotent.
Yup.  Women in the US really need to step up and put an end to this crap
THANK YOU SIR!!  #WomensMarch
Thank you for acknowledging!
He's a sick puppy.
@GOP wants the poor struggling with babies they can't afford so they can't point their fingers, blame them and enraged white voters. Say it!
So paying for birth control violates some people's religious beliefs, but paying for viagra is ok! Who are these religious people?
U may want to remember when you are taking women’s access to birth control alternatives you also limit men as well. What are couples to do?
Senator: Please remove this man before his damage is lasting, irreversible and permanent. He’s not one of us, and I don’t mean democrat.
Thank you, Senator.
Seems like a shell game to distract from Mueller, just like his transgender ban distracted from Browder testimony.
No it's not an attack mr Durbin Why should tax payers pay for all that?
The argument agnst BC covered by insurance is abt RELIGION, period. Religion argues against abortion but won't help women safely avoid it.
Trump’s a pathetic soulless man. who’s molested, cheated, married trice.Oh & said he’d marry his daughter if she wasn’t his daughter #Nasty
And their own viagra...
Thank you @SenatorDurbin ! Glad you represent me
That's what the GOP wants to do. Attack women.
Thanks 2 Sandra Fluck; having sex on Obamacare contraception is called “Flucking” Birth control is available via prescription. $4 month @ WM
He does not care about women....how many women did he ask ?? Like Murphy did...hypocrisy at its best....
Thank you Senator for standing up for us!
Another abuse of power by potus to attack women just to satisfy his ego! What a sick bastard he is who’s missing “for the ppl” in governing!
Then y'all stop playing politics , We all know population control is ultimately on the plate











It's amazing what does and does not qualify as an attack on America with you.
NO IT ISNT. WHY SHOULD THE GIVT PAY FOR BIRTH CONTROL SO WOMAN CAN ACT LIJE RABBITS. WAM BAM THANK YOU MAM
In addition Senator. Mercers keeping white dominance. This&immigration control. White women most 2 use birth control
Mandate all men must wear condoms or God Forbid let the FDA approve Male BC
The wooden ones hurt
He wants women enslaved, barefoot, uneducated & pregnant wait.... #HandmaidsTale already showed us what that look like @IvankaTrump @Flotus
DO SOMETHING!  WE ARE DYING HERE!
@realDonaldTrump Well then take Viagra/Cialis off the list too, they shouldnt be paid 4 by tax dollars. Dont care if a guy can get a boner
You are plain and simple... This has nothing to do with politics, but rather morality. It's not that complex.
then you and @SenDuckworth should do something about it.  I'm a concerned constituent.
Just another assault
It's the republican way!  Ain't they great?
Stop. You play politics not President Trump.
More reason you need get behind #MedicareForALL! Everyone needs access to the SAME level of care Senator! What are you waiting for??
@ahalltoo @POTUS @washingtonpost Including all Republican women has any one told them yet
That's ok: KEEP VOTING REPUBLICAN AND YOU'LL END UP BARE FOOT  AND PREGNANT! WHY DO YOU SHOOT YOURSELF IN THE FOOT  BY VOTING REPUBLICAN?
@GOP has been waging war on us for yrs. Why do you think the pussy grabbing didn't bother them? Penis grabbing wld hv been the end for him.
Killing babies is genocide pure and simple!!!!!
With great power, comes great responsibility. You want to keep  the govt. out of your body, you have to pay your own way
It will be women who kick 45 to the curb!
I used to be a Republican.. but how can the party be on the wrong side of everything and expect me to return?
All I can say if u back Muslims u better have some sexy goddamn eyes and  some nice nails but even then u still can't eat bacon
This is sick, just fucking wrong
If only KKK Fred had used birth control.
The @GOP needs to put their efforts into regulating reasonable gun laws instead of trying to regulate women!
Hes a moron and i wont deny saying it     tillerson doent have a set
Ahhh but he's so pro-life..right?
Ur father should have used one, than no you
Preventive Health Care is Keeping their LEGS closed and it costs NOTHING!! Too bad your Mother didn't use BIRTH CONTROL!!
How's the legs closed thing supposed to work in a marriage?
He & his do-nothing party can only pass gas can't get a piece of legislation thru so content to just undo the good work from the Obama years
They can have them and pay for them just like men you know equal rights
Sen Durbin, thank you for standing up against this type of crap. As an Illinois native you have my support, don't give up the fight!
Uh no
This is why we need to #ratifytheERA
It is yet ANOTHER attack on women by @realDonaldTrump. #BirthControl #FireThemAll
And men who do not wish to have more babies either. This is a decision a woman makes and if in a relationship, couples make together
Actually I think it's just a ploy to increase the taxable workforce in about 20 years
Lies and misrepresentations....shameful.
It’s not a question of the GOP hate as much as a question of why White women continue to vote for them.
White as snow here, and I will NEVER understand why women vote Republican.
Agree. This administration is sick!
Please see @ProfCAnderson thread today. Incredible how history repeats itself.
If they really cared about women and children, they wouldn’t do this. Please kill this in the Senate
Attack, cruel, etc.  Need some new talking points.  Do you mean women are in trump's "bulls eye"?
And an effective way to increase the rate of abortions.
Wake up, Women of America! @POTUS and @GOP are taking away your healthcare and rights!
Yeah good luck finding that! But if you need viagara that’s paid for.
NWO in serious trouble all these evil tactics aren't bringing the results they hoped for now he has 100 million angry Americans ready
Shut up please Trump is the realist puppet free President since Kennedy your bosses have no control over him there running scared
Omg. You can't be serious. And don't even slander Kennedy by comparing.
He thinks women are objects anyway.
Women use birth control to manage hormonal diseases like PCOS. It is outrage that OUR money isn't being used to fund OUR care.
@WomanMDsGuide @POTUS Little donnie's mommy must have really done bad things to him to make him hate & fear women so much!
@IvankaTrump time to pay daddy a visit, girl.
Trump phobia is strong in Theresa collins
So Trump made contraceptives illegal??
Not yet. Just can’t use health insurance to lower the cost to women if the law passes the Senate.
So, you’re able to go purchase them, right?
This is unconscionable!
Sorry, but few things are plain and simple.
We know. Please ask your colleagues in DC to do something about it.
No  more kids more money from the Government   Free free. Go to Work
Trump doing what he said he'd do. Not voting has consequences.
and yet, they will still vote for him
The Sexual is by violence and hate.Reagan:JFK
He has shown over and over again his complete disregard for women and the issues that affect them.  Worst president ever.
Hahahaha another misogynistic man-child
@ACLU can we fight this?
Let me understand George,
You want more unaffordable babies?
Less taxes for the Rich?
Create a brain drain?
More ppl killed?
More Jailed?
Not surprised are you? I mean REALLY!? GRAB THEM BY THE P@$$Y. Every female saw this coming.
I agree with you 100%. If UR pro-life & want to reduce abortion (1,000,00 babies killed yearly) —birth control should be a ”duhh” 4 @GOP.
Because women cant buy their own birth control?
We already are. It's called paying healthcare premiums.

Now feel free to explain why anyone's paying for old men's erections.
I bet you choked on hypocrisy talking about playing politics.  I mean I almost choked laughing just reading that
why would that surprise you though
to Trump the only good woman is a servile and subordinate one
Making contraception "coverage" a matter for politics is an attack on America.
Says the man
Senator Dick's a man, too, Sweetie.
My 60yo wife should not have to pay for contraception devices.  Congress passes a bill for us then Congress is covered by same bill. PERIOD!
What? You pay for schools? Roads, bridges, Social Security, Medicare, why? Because we are a collective and American.
Great job as usual @IvankaTrump!!! 
Women Haven't been in the Mood Since Nov 8th. ..TRUMP Killed Our Mojo. ..#ImStillWithHer
Wonder how the millions of white women who voted for him are feeling...
But your apparently not smart enough to research Trumpfs lies.

"Dick" appropriate name for you.
#VoteGOPOut
