Does anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? Really!.....
@realDonaldTrump yup. But his intentions here are dubious. Watch out.
I must say I agree. Let's throw out the racists,haters and the putz that thinks American people are pure breeds and not other country babies
30 sec of lucidity from the mouth of a crazy prez does not merit applause. Call him out for all the other egregious behavior& #DefendDaca
He is NEVER right. He is simply working an angle. Please don't fall for it & please don't praise him for it...

It remains to see whether he really means what he says. Action speaks louder than words. He really didn't have to end DACA to push congress.
No but I want them to become citizens, sooner rather than later! Legislate it!
I think he was trying to be sarcastic here (45)
If he wasn't working some angle I would agree too... but @realDonaldTrump can not manage be honest! sooooo 
Yes but tomorrow he will say something different, if not today
You know Trump has messed up when dirty Dick agrees with him.
I think Trump has had a brain transplant.
Not all of them are good, and benefitting the United States, so it should be by each individual case. Some should stay and some should go.
Not all US citizens are good either that benefit from the United States.  Should we throw them out too??
how does that make sense and why are we responsible for the world?
I don't know :)  My point is there are bad people in all walks of life. They've been here most of their life, the US is all they know.
I've met many of these people over the years. They're good, respectful, hardworking people. I've had nothing but good experiences with them.
I am sure the mother's of some of the dead children they killed & raped wouldn't agree.
Wait five minutes ,he will change his single cell brain.
That is what he said, but We The People know he is lying. Actions speak louder than words.
Oh please...be doesn't even know etc he's talking about.
He created the problem in the first place...
He's right now that he's covering his ass after everyone on both sides told him to fuck himself. Doesn't mean he believes it.
Yes the gops wants to so as to nurish their hateful nature
Keep those who have no crimes, but only green cards. No one should benefit from any illegal actions, even if it isn't theirs.
So are you advocating that Democrats fund the wall in exchange for a "Dreamer" solution? Build the Wall
The ones in the Military automatically are eligible for citizenship,they served our country,the others take from us!
My grandfather became a citizen through military service. A Greek merchant marine who served in the US Merchant Marine Corps. He was a hero!
Yeah it's the same now! I think it's a good deal for these Undocumented ppl to become citizens! Not the rest of the Welfare,freeloaders!
He's not an honest man. Doesn't keep his word! Will use #DREAMERS as a bargaining chip.
When are you moving into the YES column???
Isn't this what he has been saying? You've just been pushing to hateful rhetoric.  He just wants congress to do their legal job.
DJT is FINALLY seeing what we've been saying for a long time! These are hard working well educated young people!
Please!
He ia all over the map his actions will show his true thoughts on the matter.
Maybe he's finally seeing the light!
I don't either and sadly, we all know that was an insincere, temporary sentiment. Tomorrow or the next day he will return to blatant racism.
Just this once...
Does anybody? Yes, his xenophobic white-supremacist base is salivating at the chance
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Why then, trump are you holding 8000,000 peoples lives for ransom?  You know your stupid wall or life for these Daca young people.
I told you this last week @SenatorDurbin. Take @POTUS seriously; not always literally.
Actions speak louder than words---does Trumpin lie?  Yes, he does.
...then Dick you agree with him that there will be NO AMNESTY. Right? How about all the 2,139 #DACA convicted/charged of Felonies?
Don't worry. He'll change his mind in about an hour.
USAF some math science majors. I was RoTC USAF only took math science. No scholarship just uniforms and flag raising slot boring
Military stupid I rated officers at acquisition Corp major and above. Army stupid any old degree business for dummy lowly degrees usaf some
You believe him?You can't trust trump, tomorrow he'll say the opposite. Then there is always why bring up these good ppl in the 1st place?
We support You Senator ROS
Take the bait crooked Dick, take it and run
Of course not- that's why 90% of the country opposed your original position.   Glad to see you've changed- better late than never!
Trump changed his mind again...back to building wall!
But... he's... ending... DACA....
Agreed. Correct. Please correct. We would love to see you in pic at signing bill. Thank you Senator.
I'm very confused by general support of this Trump tweet. I support DACA but wonder about the president's support here...
Reads like he's parroting something @SenSchumer said to him in the meeting, frankly.
If you'd just listen instead of obstructing so much you might like what you hear
It's a lie.
....We would rather throw out a useless, worthless, self serving Congress & Senate...
He is flip flopping Dick, you can't believe a word he says
I almost choked!!! I am proud of you for saying it!
You'd be right except Trump only says what he means until he doesn't.
Get rid of this man immediately. He's a coward
Trump is using those young people as pawns to try to get his wall.
And the Democrats aren't? Please!
Every American should agree , thank you for all your hard work Mr. Durbin.
