The fact that they ate brought here in the first place want fair
It amazes me that you as a representative of our country doesn't understand illegal how stupid are you really why don't you tell us
It's hard to believe it, but POTUS doesn't care about #dreamers or anyone but him.
It’s not hard to believe, everything he says is a Lie.
You do realize he isn't repealing DACA, right? Besides, they're illegal. Or as you would call them, undocumented.
You do realize that these "undocumented aliens" are contributing to this country and that they are not taking anyone's job, right?
1)The fact that you said they are contributing means they are taking legal citizens jobs. You contradicted yourself. Besides it's unfair to the immigrants who went through the system legally. I know a man named Columbres, a legal immigrant from Mexico, and he despises illegals.
2)He spent thousands of dollars and years of his life only to get to a country filled with people who break our law. We can't have people come to our country thinking the first thing they can do is break our laws. That's not the healthiest society.
The problem is due to the broken system. Generalizing is unfair, because most people  do the right thing, like your friend.
You're advocating to allow undocumented immigrants to stay here illegally because they contribute. That's reenforcing a negative stereotype. You don't want Mexicans to be generalized as illegals? Stop allowing them to illegally stay here.
You know what’s also unfair? Dragging your children across our borders in order to jump to the head of the immigration line.
Congress let it happen
you are chess master
Making American workers pawns in the employment based visa scam like #H1B for decades is disgusting. Where is your outrage Senator?
Outrage, they are gum sucking our tax dollars
Isn't it wonderful that president trump gave authority to legislature to solve the dreamers problem. U legislators do what you get paid for
50% of them flooded over the after Obama’s Dictate DACA then didn’t enforce illegal entry law but sent them to relatives stateside.
Worse...these are young people gave all of their information to the Government...now that misplaced trust has made them a target.
They shouldn't have to pay the fees until an agreement is reached js
1938 ship from Germany with load of Jewish refugees.  Turned away from the. US and forcing them back to Germany.  killed in the death camps.
Why is the government still taking these young Dreamers money if in long run they will he deported. Inthink
Trump making All Americans the pawns in his plan for a Nuclear War just  to feed his ego is not fair. Stop Trump before he destroys America
Congress sucks, rich mans walfare, that's all it is
wow what about thousands of dollars being spent giving free housing, free food and free medical, i am 62 white and cant get even medicaid
Just because you said you're white you should get everything... NOT. Who cares what color your skin is? That doesn't give you leverage 
in this day it means alot to you people so  now say i am white so that one knows, your right all should be treated fair but its not that way
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
There r not enough millennials to make up for the amount of baby boomers. Adding DACA millennials would help social security lol duh
Senator Dick Durbin I agree.
Durbin, answer this why aren't  they citizens yet  . Is it because of the free handouts to non citizens?
Dick Durbin & Harvey Weinstein true friends!!  Your past cannot be hidden Durbin!!!!
@marcorubio @carlzimmer
The @baptistpress to <3 David = Yay, KKK Wars!
Or @USCCB #BlondJesus Lives! = Death to @netanyahu & @ArabDna = Jews!
Was going to type @haaretzcom not Netan; then visited their website, H are doing more to inform. Better? @FBI Foto'd ARREST, Cadaver WANTED?
Please forgive me @ArabDna. I am you. ~ It's crazy, that @BetsyDeVosED private education is So Poor, that 98.8% of DNA too advanced to read?
If you don’t impeach him, your tweets mean nothing! Get off your collective asses & impeach him!
I think you are making illegals your voting base. OMG watching yall freak is funny. America is a nation of laws. Follow them or get out.
Ignoring #H4DREAMERS in #DreamAct and not removing country caps leading to 70yrs wait is height on UNFAIRNESS!
It's more than unfair.  It's childishly disgusting.  A Congress with testicular spheroids would tell Trump to get lost, wall and all.
What is wrong congresses in action Obama should've never had to try this with an executive order
Then why do you do it? All you're doing is pandering for votes.
you are blind we r all washington pawns
death tax
required to buy health coverage
the national debt
etc.....
created by career politicians
They are illegals!!!
When will legal citizens matter. The so called dreamers are here illegally!!!
Build the wall !!!!!!!
They have had plenty of time to resolve the problem LEGAL CITIZENSHIP
You want fairness? DEPORT them. That's FAIR to the American people!!
Get the WALL BUILT..unless you are for the drug dealers and MS13 gangs.
Designating illegal aliens as Dreamers was unfair to America and our constitution
Beyond unfair -lacks humanity
Obama BS , Dreamers is a sack of shot , they are illegals get it straight
*illegals
You are the one who isn’t negotiating a deal. I hope you start doing your job.
We should have a nation for White people and not turn America into another Mexico.
Why Dick, you've used these people for your own political advantage for years now.
Actually it's u use them for votes and cheap labor st our expense . Toys party lost we want legal immigrants not welfare state
Agree!
Throwing your base under the bus for traitor slanders wasnt fair. Watching you sufffer is very fair
ROBBING thousands of Americans the opportunity these illegals took is criminal  Durbin.Unlike you most are struggling support OUR kid first!
Tens of million dead from abortion.
It's slap on all legal imigrents faces, who waited yrs2 enter US.Why Ru mixing legal immigrant with illegal alians! DoU respectUS laws.US1st
U took oath of office2 defend theConsitution &2enforce laws of the land. Instead of focusing on illigals, make our kids dream2come true 1st.
Should Dreamers blame the US or their parents who put them in this situation?  Parent gambled on kids future by illigelly entering USA &lost
If only US citizens can vote, whyDems R zooming on illigals on our dime? Is it possible illigals Ralready voting&Dems R benefiting from it?
One cannot be "illegal" and vote. You really need to check out this thing called "Google". To vote in the US u must be a US CITIZEN
Kinda like what you and your fellow Dems are doing with all of us Veterans...
build the wall or dump the dreamers
Its you swamp clowns in congress and the senate who are failing dreamers aka illegal immigrants.
According to the Admin......Their skin isn't pink.  They don't belong.   Sir, your skin is painted orange.
So stop playing games.
More like wrong or cruel.
Cruelty is @realDonaldTrump specialty. He thrives in it and many cheer him on to do it more.
That's original. Pawns. Chess
Then why did you do it #LyingDurbin #ResistTheLeft #ResistEvilLeft
How many relatives get to come with them? 5 million? 10? More?
Shut up and support our vets!
And that's what Democrats are doing, using Dreamers for Political points. When you point 1 finger, 4 are pointing back.
Your party has made them pawns for 8 years Dickie. You could have passed dream act 2008/09 when u controlled all govt. LAME!
And just plain EVIL
Yes because if Hillary had won they would be 800k Democrat voters
It is disgusting the way Donald plays with peoples life's. He only cares about himself and what he wants. This man is mental.
You had your chance when Obama was king and you, Sen Durbin, did nothing. Zero legislation. It's YOUR fault.
Yes the criminals are not pawns, they are criminals dreaming of taking citizens benefits.
They aren’t criminals!
Congress and Obama did that by not resolving.
Both parties do this.
The American people realized that "fair" died 262 days ago
Why does every politician in Illinois want to talk about every issue other than the staggering murder rate of young African Americans?
I agree! Why are the @TheDemocrats doing it to #Dreamers ?
So unfair, they should totally leave. That will show Washington.
Then trump should drop the Mic turn and throw up Deuces as he walks away
Claimed this is the only country u know I would suggest watching pbs or National geographic were u can get a crash course  bc UR going back
Should be delighted to accept bc how u get to go back to UR respectable countries now I would like to address the daca recipient's that has
Using thousands of young Dreamers to advance @TheDemocrats agenda is totally unfair.
Agreed 100%
U just sucked on our tit and now daca has ran out at this time we will extend our charity and will now send u on vacation a vacation u
We are all pawns in the Gov. Games. Make a Deal and start a Bipartisan Era. And find out if there is Good Faith on the other side.
Unfair? Try immoral. Which goes with everything else about Trump.
Dear daca recipient's we granted you all a temporary pass that has now ran out for the ones that did not try to follow the laws of the land
Members our country is already becoming Baghdad  and I'm sick of it the president needs to hold a press conference and say the following
Bribery. It's all 45 knows.
And how to properly run a country.
Probly even what hand is our dominant we know nothing ab there ppl dumb ass Muslim Obama did this their was also 2 undocumented Congress
#truth
Documented this senator is as well they know where we were born they know our past wether were criminals their health record our blood type
I feel for DACA'ns brought here while minors, they definitely should get a pathway to citizenship, but I also don't believe in open borders.
You people sit on your butts, and don't do your jobs!
Their documents b4 now and how many tried to get their docs since the dead line was extended  look we have to have a handle on these ppl im
He has all of America some sick game of retaliation.
For the millions that went threw the proper way of becoming a citizens 2 I would like to know how many daca recipient's have tried to get
Wouldn't b unfair 2make more illegals legal b4 u make all American Indian tribes fed. recognized put the Americans first theninto illegals
Your right lets deport them all now! #MAGA #BuildThatWall #lovesherriffjoe #enddaca #DeportThemAll
I do not care as many Americans feels the same we do not mind immagrants we all were at one time but they must to it lawfully 1 hows it fair
Making millions of Americans pawns in the Washington chess game is unfair. Especially when we don't condone their utter ridiculous bullshit!
http://immigrationhadley.com/green-card-adjustment-for-daca-applicants/ … hey senator get off your knees and read this
Where have you been? How long have they been dreaming while you and your club playing. Now you want to blame someone else you're fraud
Unfair? Try: criminal; dishonorable; vicious; vile.  It violates the noncontractual elements of the social contract we know to be here.
They knew it was temporary the didn't strive to follow our laws and try  to get documents but did nothing so they should not cry now
Why?  Your doing it with my healthcare.
Please TELL ME, WHY IS IT UNFAIR TO THEM IF THEY ARE HERE ILLEGALLY?

Oh FFS, per FOX the military has been instructed to “get ready”. DO SOMETHING!
Their parents shouldn't have come here and obummer shouldn't have circumvented the constitution and you wouldn't be able to make them pawns
You’re the biggest part of this “Chess Game.” Totally out of touch!
When are you going to invoke the #25thAmendment  ??
Excellent question.
#25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow
And he split before the game started. Thats unpatriotic. The whole thing is stupid. Mellow out on this one Don, bigger fish to fry
Do you know what illegal means
But making millions of legal gun owners the pawn in your chess game is perfectly alright with you. 
#2ndAmendment
Yes it is, send all their illegal butts back to their home countries. They need them
Unfair? They or their parents broke our laws.
WHAT BS
Then stop doing it
Unfair, unethical, detestable, immoral, disgusting. It's what the trump administration is best at.
Clinton's?
So let’s do something about it!
They don't have to be pawns. Work with Trump if you care abt Dreamers...otherwise deportation.
This is ridiculous you forget we are human @POTUS we have feelings
No, what's unfair is them taking millions from US citizens who deserve it.
No it's not, GO TRUMP!!!
Unfortunately all Americans are pawns in this Putin wh w/rump & company running the gvrmnt. Still waiting 4 @gop @SpeakerRyan to grow a pair
So is millions of citizens Senator.
"cruel", "heartless", "ignorant", "nasty", "divisive", and yeah, "unfair".
Do not negotiate with terrorists. The White house is wilfully undermining the will of the people and the Constitution.
Illegals aren't  protected by our constitution. They're breaking the law and need to go back to their country and follow the legal process
Every politician is just as crooked and corrupt as a mafia don
I knew this would happen. He cannot be trusted, he is a liar and will say or do whatever it takes to get what he wants. I hope that Congress will help the Dreamers because this should not and cannot happen to them. They cannot be deported. And why the hell is DJT president?
He doesn’t care. He will ship them back in a heart beat!!
Compromise reached: all dreamers welcome in California. Problem solved
Fuck them tax increases..send them back
He has no respect for life.  #PuertoRicoRelief
What about the millions of legal citizens that are pawns in everything else you do?
Huh?  To what are you referring?  I'm a legal citizen.  In what way am I a pawn to "everything else that Senator Durbin is doing?"
#trump unfair - SURPRISED? #TakeTheKnee #TakeAKnee #DACAprotest #DACA ~ FREEDOM to PROTEST - with or without the FLAG !
You've already used them as pawns
How do you figure that?
Unfotunate tht GOP won't stp this ruthless act, whch by the wy was/usual random Trumps vengence & it will blow sooner/later. BOL GOP
Yet Obama deported record number of illegals
SHUTTING DOWN AMERICA OVER ILLEGALS IS OBSCENE! When are Americans going to get THEIR COUNTRY BACK!! Sick of our LEADERS defending ILEGALS!
Almost as unfair as illegal immigration.
It is unfair, but so is the crime rate in Chicago #doSomething
Trump was a slave trader in a previous life right?
I agree 100% but a compromise must be made!
Who else would do it besides toxic dumpster fire Donald Trump. He hates Americans for the most part. He likes white men who voted for him.
'Fairness' doesn't appear to be in donald trump's very limited vocabulary.
No #BuildTheWall No #DACA it's that simple. If you support dreamers then you will negotiate its that simple!
I agree with compromise, but a wall should be attached to a larger immigration bill. The daca sistuation needs to be fixed with other things
Wait what did Trump do now?
