This investigation is nothing but a witch hunt. It must be stopped. All this time, no evidence. Send Mueller home.
Here's your witch hunt all spelled out for you. https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/presidential-obstruction-of-justice-the-case-of-donald-j-trump-final.pdf …
If there was any evidence, the dems would be touting it all over mainstream media. With facts not anonymous sources and inuendo.
Umm, I don't think or consider a 108 page document from the Brookings institute an anonymous source or innuendo.
Then how come Trump hasn't been charged yet?
Umm, there's a thing called investigation, it's on going with a slew of characters. Time will tell. Maybe read the doc. Understand the time.
You mean witch hunt. They will find something even if they have to make it all up.
No, I don't mean witch hunt. I don't believe it is a witch hunt...I believe his actions and connections are nefarious at least. Criminal.
you can stop them you have the power impeach them
For what getting people off the welfare getting more jobs. Grow wise Hillary lost.
He may be investigated if he continue to shut down the investigation. How many republicans have taken Russian money?
Founding Fathers feared a tyrant could manipulate public opinion & come to power, they created the Electoral College. @janschakowsky
Yes, Hillary Clinton deserved to be President.
Please try to think of one good reason the Russians would want Trump in the White House Hillary sold them uranium
Because they didn't want Hillary in the White House. The Uranium sale to Russia was a lie put out in a tweet by TRUMP!!
Check you facts sister she was sec of state he was righting  checks for her campaign at the time the story broke.
BTW, False story started by Trump in his tweets. Also righting s/b writing.
RUSH? The AMERICAN CITIZENS WANT THIS DONE! You know, the VOTERS! Your inaction is getting tiresome! Tired of the bullying from Congress.
I Call for the Impeachment of the Donald Trump+all Trump's WH GOPs Conspirators (@Cabinet)! The USA is in RUINS since UnClean Hands Trump!
It's up to Mueller to control who and when is questioned. Why should witnesses fall into any other order?
Unfortunately, during Election 2016 and 2000, Electoral College has failed! @janschakowsky
Need a Durbin probe!!.
Just goes to show libs are gullible enough to believe anything no matter fake.
FAKE RUSSIAN STORY.
Haste makes waste
Disgusting
Let’s spend more Taxpayers money looking for what???
Something they can contrive or twist into the witch hunt.  It is time for Mueller to go back into retirement.
Don't let them.

Pretty good weekend for the #25thAmendment
Drink the Globalist Koolaid much do ya?
Did you know that Fusion GPS is settled science?
You know full well that the only Russian "collusion" was between Russia and Hillary. Stop waiting our money.
We want the money wasting to stop. Look what you have done to your own state. Broke. violent, corrupt.
How much is Trump paying you for this cover up
Why are you covering up for Trump
Hard to believe the committees are not in control of their agenda. Might as well be working for the WH.
that's right take more time&charge more hours.just how much has this cost so far?
What 1 year is not enough time to come up with NADA
Big waste of time and money, do someing constuctive and forget about Russia.
There is nothing there. Been going on for 9 months. Look into Clinton foundation
How about you accept the election results & get to work on doing your jobs. People are so tired of this. Its time to move forward together.
Right cause you guy don't have anything important the American people need you to be working on. Just keep up with RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA.
You guys lost. Get over it!
Noooo
Stop them at all cost
Right....rush o/c thru w/o reading it but dont rush russia probe after 10 mo. of spin. What kinda idiots do u take people for sen.????
Indeed
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin, for drawing attention to this. We must not let the WH subvert the investigations.
No results investigation started because dems shocked they lost. Drove across US before election- all Trump signs except for two H for jail
Russia Vs America, Democrats Vs Republicans, it’s actually all about MONEY & POWER Lost in the filth is Honor, Decency, the rule of Law 
Here's a thought. How about pushing your state to finally balance a budget!
Maybe you should look at Debbie Shultz Wasserman and her hacking friend
Rush? It's been what 10 whole months without any shred of evidence? Get your head out of your butt and start doing your job!
While congress goes back to Vacation in a few weeks
Congress needs less time off.
It's still Russia? Lol... And yal complained about the Bengazi investigation..smh
You already have enough. What was supposed to happen Oct 1? This circus could already be ending. People are complicit crooks.
Keep pushing that fabricated narrative
Hard to claim fabrication when the principles tweet their every move and bribe The NY DA through campaign contributions. Stay tuned.
Of course not you democrats always love wasting other people's money 1 year 0 proof
Rushing the investigation degrades the sacrifices of all of our fallen soldiers, who fought so valiantly to defend America.
Wow bot much?
Show any proof come on any real proof
White House should have 0 say so in Muellers investigation if @realDonaldTrump &Administrators have O GUILT they should Welcome Vindication
There is a big dif between your definition of “rushing” and “let’s get it done” - ENOUGH OF THIS.
Waste of time, third world country would of found something by now if there was anything! Stop wasting money. Hillary guilty
Yes, bc we're getting tired of seeing our tax money pissed away on a phony Russia investigation. Excuse for election loss!!
As much as people want there to be ANYTHING there, if there were any proof we would know by now
No News 4rm Mueller maybe Bcause Muddy Waters Run Deep can't afford 2 miss anyone who has Broken the law NO MATTER PARTY America deserves it
Don't!
No because you want to keep people from realizing democrats have no plan or want to do anything. Better deal lollollolololol
Found any collusion yet? Still waiting.....
It's collusion/obstruction of justice Skippy, not micro-wave popcorn!
President cannot be charged with obstruction of justice. He has Executive privilege. It is in the Constitution.
We need to stop was to g money on yet a other liberal witch hunt.
You need a better Russian to English app Trump troll/bot!
Excellent. The public has to be reminded because we get upset and frustrated with the constant corruption and lack of respect for Americans
If their was anything to it, it would have already been rapped up,dick. Cant wait till nov 8th. #drAin the swamp
It's been a stinking year and untold millions of wasted dollars and the only Russian Scandal is between Clinton and Uranium One. Dumb Dem's!
They want it gone and out of the news before the 2018 midterms
Russian probes have found nothing, but we can't rush things. Democrats need to spend millions more of taxpayers money. Liberal job creation
(Angry faces)
He's whining on Twitter can't you see
There’s nothing 2 rush When there’s nothing 2 probe!  MAGAN TRUMP WE TRUST2020GOD BLESS AMERICA & THE TRUMPS 4 ALL THEIR DOING 4 USA





All I want for Chrismas is for Mueller to say *your fired* President Trump.
I think a year of finding NOTHING speaks for it self. Time for EVERYONE in Washington to get off their asses and GET TO WORK!
True, if the investigation concludes with nothing we’re going to look so stupid.  Let’s drag this out since we know collusion was a lie.
No, we had an election.  Obama left and the Clinton’s lost.  We’re good now!
Thanks for reminding Senator, we are all just really anxious for this nightmare to end.
You do know there has been zero evidence of collusion and that the only shady behavior has been by Democrats. Can’t end it yet.
We need to quit wasting taxpayer money and move on
But, we haven’t found any collusion.  How will it look?  How can we spin it?
