And Democrats have never done that? How about the time you demo shoved Obamacare down our throats.
You are required to buy auto insurance. Works the same way. Oh, and 83% of USA WANTS ACA.
Yes and the KEY word is AFFORDABLE! OBAMACARE IS FAILING. UNFORTUNATELY THE DEMO ARE TOO DAMN DUMB TO ACE REALITY.
Senator do you really believe this.  If Democrats would be proactive and work with republicans a viable health care bill can be implemented
You are nuts! The Rethugs didnt want any input from Dems. The only way they would "work" with Dems is if they get eveything they want.
So you think I'm nuts. I think that your thoughts are truly part of the problem. Someone from the Dem side and show desire to work with Rep
Dems have been to conciliatory to bigoted, racist, greedy republicans to start with
.Thats how things got so fucked up.
You are truly over the wall. To use your words nuts. Also probably bitter.
Bitter. Guilty as charged. Reagan ruined my life with his trickle down crap. I worked my ass off my whole life with nothing to show for it.
as are you & you're spouting & refusal to see the problems w/ #Obamacare #aca #MyAcaTruth
Many probs with ACA caused by states not doing their share. If you r in one of those states, new repub bill puts you in same place as ACA.
I guarantee in in one of those states since Durbin did NOTHING to stop destroying #illinois
God willing and the creek don't rise, the aca will be in the trash can by the 30th. A lot of dems are going to be out of work in Nov 2018.

Sabotage of Americans' health care is reckless, cruel, and beneath what any public servant should ever consider.
Well theres your problem. They are not public servants. They serve themselves and their donors only.
Good point. I did hear someone say today that their donations are down. They think that they have to pass something, just to pass something.
I heard that legal expenses for Trumps Sr and Jr for Russian investigation are being paid by the Republican national committee. ($450K)
Why is it so hard for these guys to be a Republican and a decent human being?
That is a personal choice, not affiliated with party. Please stop blaming a party. Do you think that pro life people are only one party?
Yep!  Putting Koch money ahead of American people. Disgusting @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy
The aca is a ripe off for working people
How? Kids covered til 26. I had to get sep. policies when mine turned 18. People with pre-existing couldn't get ins.
They can't help themselves.  It's like the prospect of taking health care away from people is the best thing that's ever happened to them.
That way they can kill people legally. They just hope that the ones who die all voted for Obama.
They have 400 million reasons, Senator.
And they want that goddamn money!!!!
No overgeneralization there..
Send the delinquent(which they will be)medical bills to Federal lawmakers,fight back,GOP lawmakers don't make policy for us,so screw them.
WRONG-BOTH ARE FOR ALLOWING EACH 1 OF U TO GET MONEY FROM BIG DRUG COMPANYS-THEN WILL NOT FIX ---F.D.A.-- SORCE OF MANY PAINS,SICKNESS-MORE!
Business as usual for the Greed Over People gang.
Vote them GOP FKRS OUT
Senator (I'm in IL), can you speak loudly about the fact that GOP is pushing repeal again b/c KOCHS threatened to cut $$.
When has the GOP EVER cared about the American people???
NEVER!
Congress has a lower rating than the president. That's because Democrats are not working with republicans.
Sorry. You have that totally backwards. Republicans refuse to work with Democrats.
Ummm... you mean the Dems are!? Bc your party has been crying ever since the election!!!
Thank you for your service. You should know better than anyone, country over party. ALWAYS!
If obama care is so good why does it need to be bailed out
Because the Greed Over People gang have undermined it every way they can. The insurers are complicit btw.
What else is new? Their hatred and greed seem boundless
Dems are the party of hate. And you know that.
Not hate. Just patriots looking out for the 98%.
So what else is new, Dick? Its what they do all the time.
Get on board the aca has to be repealed. Insurance companies have to bid for customers and lower the cost of health care.
glad of that knew they GOP could not get the 60 votes it needs to pass
Republicans should never have voted for the ACA in the first place. Oh, ... wait ..
Well WHO do U Think PUT them In Office?
A sock puppet, a sexual predator and an obnoxious frat boy walk into a bar...
Again....
Let them...we'll see how that works for them in 2018.
https://www.gofundme.com/to-descend-upon-thee … God help them
Thiese. Three must go! !!!!!
Democrats continue to lie to the American people!
And you guys don't
That's nothing new

Dick Durbin, what do you know what is good for the American people. Just look at Illinios
Or they are allowing to happen exactly what they warned would happen when you lied to Americans about the cause and affects of Obamacare
Par for the course, Senator, which is why it is baffling why anyone chooses to vote for them.
No different than the Dems. You're all in it for the $$. Otherwise you'd end these big political warchests you get from lobbyists and PACS
No, the truth is that obamacare is bankrupting America while providing crappy hcare. Obvious why ya all exempted yourselves
Y none of the white men in congress have no lips, look like muppets!!!
Good to many rite I agree do what needs to be done
Sad day in America
The war subsidy to Isreal and outrageous military spending shows a disconnect to American and other people. Eisenhower was right.
REPEAL this Obama Crap ASAP
Thx4 work w @LindseyGrahamSC  on DACA
Pls tell him, my kid who spent yrs trying to get ins w preexist,
HAD volunteer w HIM,
just rereg'd Dem
Republicans are trying to repeal the ACA out of spite and hate of Obama.   What a vile group.
They're putting greed and power over everything
Dems& GOP both R stupid& foolish. Back 2009, Dems didn't outreach2 GOP&  Pelosi said "Pass it & then Read it". We citizen R paying the price
Not so. Do your homework. Don't believe what you hear.
If U want2 fix health care. Here is an idea 4u. Senators & Congressmen must not have better health care quality than average American Can
Congress must not be exempt from ACA or other laws.They serve& work 4us.They don' live above us &must bide by the very laws they legislate.
Senator, when will u stop complaining? Start doing ur job serving citizens & placing them 1st &politics aside.Go &work with GOP& POTUS.Can U
As tax payer who's paying UR salary,.instead of complaing DID U PUBLICLY OFFERED UR ASSISTANCE 2WORK WITH POTUS? Put us 1st &politics aside?
Congress R elected& paid2serve us regardless of political differences. They desrve repremand4 wasting valuable time resisting U on our dime.
We are really counting on you, plus al the other level headed members of congress, to make sure they don't get away with this!
Just like you did with ACA. Still haven't heard your idea to fix ACA? CRICKETS from the DEMS. An Independent is trying named Sanders.
Anything new on Russia Dick?
Koch Brothers Money
It's time they listen to their constituents open those fringing ears
You think? Gee was it a bolt of lightning that made them all see whims ball are bigger. Republicans are so dumb.
The ACA will fail under it's own crushing incompetence, you can't possibly expect Republicans to bail you out after all you have done + said
All three are crooks stealing life.
They've been threatening that FOR YEARS!
Do something about it for Christ sake

@SpeakerRyan
@SenateMajLdr
Let's promise to let McConnell, trump & Ryan fail as that is what they r doing to r country.
And your surprised by this? The majority of the GOP r trumpers not working for citizens anymore. Where did the party go? This is all about $
This is unbelievable. These guys couldn't care less about the American people, only themselves and their rich cronies 
Again and again and again!
..Yep, and the democrats ! But Trump isn't !
You and your party are no different so don't even start... you know damn good and well open borders are not good for this country! yet???
#GOPDONTCARE #VOTTHEBUMSOUT 

#FIXAFFORDABLECAREACT
Is that supposed to be news?
What else is new? The @GOP doesn't care about anything but lining their own pockets.
Job creation in Amerika ~ for lawyers.
The 3 Amigos - mistaken for real heroes by the Trump base.
Just imitating democrats, who put dreamers, illegals and refugees over the American citizens
Fuckin A they are!Who's voting for these pukes?This political dysfunction is http://embarrassing.GOP  has their heads up their asses.
Why try to fix what was never intended to work as advertised? A lemon is still a lemon, even if you put a dress on it.
The GOP is trying to repair the damage done by Obamacare.
May be true and the Democrats are putting socialism and lawlessness over the constitution and America.
Obama Care was shoved down our throats, all 2000 pages of it.
You have done this several times yourself.
Unfortunately, this is their standard approach.  They would only care if it impacted them.  Remove their HC and see what they do.
Haven't heard a peep out Dick saying he's willing to give up his 'Cadillac Plan'. Why not?
To quote David Stockman "Republicans can not govern". Duh, like we needed #Trump to prove it?
Stop them Cold ROS
anything Deaths after 2009 and ACA is on the Democrats
Well I am going to guess that yes you are
No DICK i think thats you
How bout public is offered 2 different health plans. Then they go to the polls and vote. Guarantee that lazy 50% will vote this time

Look at the 3 headed monster 

THE LYER & CHIEF 

DIRTY MITCHIE 

AND I WILL VOTE ON ANYTHING SO RANDY WANT TAKE MY SEAT LYING RYAN
NO!!!  The Republicans are putting MONEY over the American people ...again and Again and AGAIN!
GOP deaths quads.
The GOP wants to kill the weak and old quickly and cheaply.
This is so effing scary. I would be dead if not for ACA. It going away is a death sentence. I can't live in constant fear for my life.
They've been doing that for YEARS
I'm sorry sir, but when was this not a fact? I'm 50, they've been like this my entire life. 1 of my earliest memories is Watergate.
So what else is new?
They always have.They always do what's best for them and always will
Seriously, Dicky boy? Have you not observed you and your party's actions? You're a phony.
They do not care
You've got to be kidding me! You are a total hypocrite! You like every other liberal don't hear what is not in your best interest!
They've gotten to be experts at that.
Of course, Repugnicans are putting politics over the American people; that's what they do, who they are, the Party of Ppl Who Don't Care.
Typical Democrat response.  Yet what party chained Americans with obamacare? Then laughed that no one knew what was in it.  Dems.
Los tres bobos - they just do
When do they not?
Democrats do that, look at LBJ's socialist policies of big govt...
Obama's policies of marxism...
Clinton's policies of socialism.
Anti-USA
Glad to see you won't be voting for their bill and see through the games they are "playing" with Obamacare.
Fight this. Don't let it happen.
Vote them out
thats what democrats did when they allowed sanders to smear hillary
Win win win that's all they care about no matter what cost win we need to vote then out as soon as possible before they do more harm
The GOP is the party of sociopaths. They care 0 about the people and everything about the 1% who own them.
Yertle The Turtle, The Orange Anus and the Cowardly Lyin
Didn't @TheDemocrats do that already when they raised the debt ceiling? It only passes it onto the next generation.
Sen. Durbin...propaganda time.
The @gop cares more about lobbyists than they do about their constituents
And their pockets
We Shall See in 2018 republicans wont have Russia or Anyone Else 2Help Them Steal Election Their Supposed 2Work 4Us Seems they have Forgot
Actually the @TheDemocrats won't be able to use scare tactics without Russia.
Please tell me you’re not just now coming to this conclusion...
@pdmcleod 
#DefundPP
#BabiesRDying
#BeAMan!
So you want women to go back to the 1940s???
Yes I do!
What else is new?
Trump isn't.
The bill tells governors if they like their Obamacare, they can keep their Obamacare. Certainly you have no problem with that, right?
"Will see what happens " Do your job!!!!
Insurance companies are already in chaos.
They are putting the Koch bros and Mercers over the American citizens  in this country. They are going to kill my family if this passes.
They're already letting the markets fall into chaos.
