Gee that’s what we have been saying since ACA, but you didn’t listen. Stealing word bites you helped create. Crooked!
Really I thought we have to pass it to know what's in it
The GOP are campaigning for rich money they even sell chinese produced products online for money that's why they want wealthcare&tax cuts
But who is nonpartisan 
And, this is exactly what Pelosi and Reed did to pass Obamacare.  Dickie, seek professional help, your memory is failing - senility!
Yes the way you guys did with ACA and a lot of people lost their insurance, give us a break you guys don't really care
The Republican Party has sold their souls to the Devil in order to get re-elected.
So, when you Democrats rushed to pass the ACA without a single vote from the Republicans was not a hasty move?
@GOP republicans are corrupt and responsible for traitor trump
Obama admin turned the government IRS NSA and the CIA against the republicans isn't corruption just making America safe for socialism
Please back M4A and become a Hero in Illinois!!
The r's just want something done. They don't have ability to properly govern and Graham/ Cassidy proves it best and disastrously!
It also would create job loss
Wait...isn't that we got this mess in the first place? Racing to avoid Scott Brown's vote?  Something about glass houses here.
Just like how Dems rammed  Kenyan Care down our throats?
Non-partisan.  Hahaha!
Isn't that what you all did when you passed OBAMACARE? After all you have to pass it before you read it, right?
Like you did with Obamacare you mean?
Senator Durban if you believe what you are saying why aren't you saying no to Graham-Cassidy bill?
You should have thought of that before you passed Obamacare.
Wait.... are you saying your race to push Obamacare was wrong? Or are you saying it's only wrong with the other side does it?
Too bad you didn't feel that way when you shoved Obamacare down our throats.
We know #Democrats are pushing for single payer social medicine except for congressman keep screwing taxpayers for your benifit
Dems did it with a bogus CBO score on Obamacare that was proven wrong on so many levels.
why wont you and
#TammyDuckworth
sign on to
#MedicareforAll ? 
#ACA
is welfare for the rich
#HealthInsurance
is not
#HealthCare
Do you actually believe  the stuff you say or have you been "serving the public" (oh I just threw up in my mouth a little)  too long.
Does not matter, you will never vote for a Rep plan
McCain announced a no vote! Progress!
@SenatorDurbin , please ask @SenateGOP what they plan to do when the economy bottoms out if they pass this horrid bill.
You mean like the Democrats did with Obamacare?  #potmeetkettle
Actually, Obamacare was openly debated in congress and Republicans added quite a few amendments to the bill before it was voted on.
But no one read it so the debate was bs
Run that clock out, Dick!
That's a sensible thought, I am sure it won't happen because it's a sensible thought!
You and Obama did, you hypocrite.
Mental DEFICIENTS SHOULD NEVER MAKE THOSE TYPES OF DECISIONS FOR OUR COUNTRY
NEVER NEVER NEVER
MENTAL TESTS FOR COMPETENT SHOULD BE IN PLACE
When was the last time the @USCBO has been close on their analysis?
meanwhile the U.S. citizens suffer under the failed #Obamacare but you don't care they are paying for 73% of your healthcare #heartless
When will you demand that Bernie Sanders release his tax returns ? The ones he swore to release LAST YEAR .
You mean don't do what y'all did
My sentiments exactly Douglas
We need obstructioists right now to protect our country and the World at large from Trump's idiocy and ego. Keep it up!
get off your high horse that is exactly what u n dems did in 09 republicans are no different Now get to work both of yous n get this done
Ofailurecare did dummy
run for vice president or president
YES! BUT #Trump and #GOP put winning and party ahead of what's good for ALL Americans' healthcare needs.
The only way to "fix" #ACA is to do what @BarackObama wanted but @RNC blocked. #SocializedMedicine
it's true they did it once and it was a disaster
Thank you for your decency and standing up for my family and all Americans.  We need quality healthcare and access for all.
I agree.  I think you Democrats should continue to OWN this POS program until it buries everyone.  See you in 2018 and 2020!
They, shouldn't do a lot of things, like run for re-election, but the sorry SCUM do it anyway.
Sad, Bigly, Rocket Man, #DOTARD

You should retire for your comments on religion - what happened to you? who are you?  Don't you have any core beliefs?
Unlike 2010 when you and your ilk reordered 1/6th of our economy
What about Obamacare?
Democrats did w/ over 2700 + 600 more pages PC-BS LIES
Destroyed our wonderful HealthCare system to push Progressive Marxism.
Damn you all!
You shouldn't be involved in healthcare at all.

..@HHSGov plans to shut down @HHSGov for 12 hours during all but one Sunday during the upcoming 6 week open enrollment season 
@HHSGov you are purposely hurting #SaveACA!@GOP are hurting people! Stop putting #PartyBeforeCountry
Yes they are purposely sabotaging people signing up!! This against the constitution. If you are going to hurt people you are unfit.
You think?
Would seem an obvious observation.  Dare I say a conservative observation.
