In Chicago alone?!
cars next?They kill far more a year
And just think how many could have been saved if somebody was walking around with his or her on personal weapon@thinkfirstdecidelater
u can start by cleaning up illinois particulary chicago
It seems that the Democrats are and have been doing just that. Shrugging your shoulders.
Your lack of guts is the reason this is happening. You area tractor.
How many of these deaths are happening in Chicago?  How much crime do you see in Rockford?  These are your cities, what's going on?
Then do something about the violence inChicago and stop talking gun control and talking upholding the laws on the books
Criminals don’t obey laws!  Government promoting immoral values is making it worse
Chicago stats. Your backyard.
Most shootings, deaths and overdose cases are from bad drug policy, every year. Yet, Congress does nothing! https://jamesgierach.tumblr.com/post/166057518074/drug-policy-alliance-conference-atlanta-ga-usa …
Exactly!
Most of them by ILLEGAL ALIENS!! DIMWIT!!
Really ! this guy represents Chicago he shrugs his shoulders hourly don't these guys have any shame hypocrites and losers
I pray and hope that we can drop the Centuries (and I mean centuries) of paranoia and realize people are often killed by their own gun
Sadly it looks like we can, and do.
Like hell you can’t. Just look what happens in your own home state and Chicago where all you do is sit back and shrug your shoulders.
Ok. Maybe you should be worried about the person and not the gun. #chicago #2a
Check stats on these
So what about meds booze and cigarettes.
480,000 die from cigarettes including 42,000 second hand smoke each year. CDC fact.
88,000 alcohol deaths each year from 2006-10. Centers for disease control
More than 22,000 die each year from prescription drug abuse. National institute of drugs
Or we can ask Democratics to stop shooting people. Automatically providing a 95% reduction in murder.
But yet you voted for Obama care that's designed to kill millions of http://Americans.You  need to address that
You've been sitting on your ass all this time all the sudden after such a tragedy then you rise to the occasion
Senator Durbin, I think you are misrepresenting those numbers. Most of those deaths are by suicide. People, plz check the FBI stats
The people you represent in gun-controlled Chicago can't hear your speech over the sound of all the gunshots.
CDC said there were 664,435 abortions in 2013. You better put the same regs on abortion as guns have, to save lives
https://www.cdc.gov/reproductivehealth/data_stats/abortion.htm …
21,000 of those deaths were suicide and another large majority were gang related.
U finally wake up about CHICAGO GANGS, drugs, BLACK ON BLACK murder, all time u have been Senator and have done nothing
How many of those killed were shot by law abiding, background screened, citizens?
As with those who own cars and drive; license & insure gun owners
Thank you, Senator.

I am not sure how to cure the underlying causes: hatred, self-hatred, anger, greed, envy, disempowerment, lack of impulse control,...
Clean up your state jerk...Please come try take away 2ed Delusional
How about the countless blackmen murdered in your own county? Didnt you already inact the toughest gunlaws in the nation in your own state? How'd that turn out?
Well how long has it been going in your state. If you can’t fix your state what makes you think you could fix the country
Then please stop with your divisive and hateful remarks about other Americans and State facts rather than deceitful rhetoric.
Why don't you start with Chicago
Let the CDC do GUN RESEARCH, REMOVE THE DICKEY AMENDMENT!
Dickey Amendment NEEDS TO BE REMOVED #Enough
http://jpfo.org/articles-assd03/gun-stats-perspective.htm …
We are behind @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth 120%
You must be a real banana

Get rid of gangs and drugs. Oh wait you Dems had the last 30 yrs & u just gave them more free stuff for their vote. Stop
As a resident of IL I find it outrageous the Senator can say this w/a straight face!
If we do what we always did, we get what we always got. -Anon
Why? This has been happening for years now and no pols have the spine to do anything about it.
Universal background checks, close gun show loopholes, outlaw magazine clips with more than 6 rounds, no assault rifles of any sort.  NOW!!
Fix Chicago first.



#purveyorsofdeath
So no hope of Republicans and Democrats working to deal with the ATF failure to enforce the law and allow bull stocks to be sold
It’s all or nothing as usual for both parties which is why nothing gets passed addressing these type of issues
And the America people are sick of both parties not working on common sense fixes and instead refusing to cooperate if they don’t get
Everything there way.
22,000 shoot themselves. The majority of others are shot in the 18-24 demographics in the inner city with handguns. What is your proposal?
Thank you, Senator. Keep fighting these good fights! #GunControlNow
Why would you exclude either? Goodness.

Thank you Hayden.
We don't need gun control we need PEOPLE control the ones who laugh at any stupid law you could pass. Some just don't care at all never will
Well then start standing behind the police and enforcing the laws it's pretty simple
But, we do!
They would not be shot if you would just get rid of all federal gun laws. They don't work never have and never will.
yet you have a armed guard protecting you.
Cars and alcohol kill more then guns, let's ban cars an alcohol first. The are not protected by an amendment.
Bot
You seemed to handle it well when they were being shot in Chicago. 
What changed? Maybe because gun control doesn't help.

#ThursdayThought
He is calling for universal background checks on all sales, even private. Does that infringe on 2A? Im not seeing it.
Background checks? The reason it's so illogical is that the mass shooting are primarily committed by ppl who come back clean.
What have you been doing in your home state. Chicago, murder capitol of the country...right in YOUR BACK YARD!

How man were killed yearly in 2009-2010 when you were part of super majority!!?
Glad to hear you finally chime in senator. Now are you willing to leave the Hillary wing and join the progressives to pass real legislation?
Then do something.

0.000096% chance of a gun killing me.... I'll take that chance.
Isn't that exactly what congress has been doing for years?  It seems like the status quo suits most of your colleagues just fine.
A lot of it in Chicago.
#Dosomething!!!
Over 500 people shot in 10 minutes...this insanity has to stop.
Most of them were killed in YOUR home city, pal. Clean up your own back yard, first.
Thanks to you & other Democrats who stand strong for gun safety legislation. We are NOT helpless in the face of this carnage! #GunControl
Whose ATF approved Bump Stocks in 2010? That's right, one of those Good Democrat Presidents 
65% are suicides, but don't let facts get in the way of your false narrative...#FakeNews
LOL! You let Gangs run around Chicago terrorizing the City and its communities for decades and
Did absolute  to end it!
550 a year in Chicago and no one is stopping you there.
Apparently some people are more than happy to do that.
How many folks were shot in Chicago Last year or last weekend for that matter? Your Liberal Gun Control doesn't work!


In 3 ... 2 ... 1 mouthbreather bingo will begin

but we can sit back while a million babies are aborted. Got it
Sitting, shrugging, and jiving was not a problem for Dimms during the Crooked Obama Administration!
Not one word about #Chicago
Do these people hate black people maybe? Why else not care that blacks are killing blacks?
