I would suggest u focus on the daily murders faced by minorities in Chicago instead of saying stupid things.
That office was destroyed by the Democrats and Obama. The Dems are still destroying it. Wake up.
Don't use @realDonaldTrump as a "scapegoat" ---office & government has destroyed  its self by being "shady" as hell. @NewDay
@TheDemocrats have severely harmed their credibility this past election with the #Podesta emails
you are correct sir
. Has destroyed the trust in #government  thanks dick
@Robrt_M_Goldste @NewDay @CNN and one secret Russian deal at a time #ImpeachTrump
@realDonaldTrump's behavior is not the problem & to say otherwise is disingenuous. He is a symptom of a larger issue
And Congress is destroying its credibility by taking millions from special interests each election
so what you and the rest of Congress going to do about it ?!?
retire soon
Obama had that sewn up long B4 Trump came along.Obama made it "normal" to lie on camera/tape over&over&over...
so sen Durbin, what have you done for Illinois?  Your a career politician with nothing to show for your tenure
And you, sir, are an embarrassment to closet homosexuals everywhere.
Thank you for speaking so clearly openly and honesty.
THAT IS THE JOKE OF THE DAY, @BarackObama DID THAT AND NOW REPUBLICANS HAVE TO FIX IT. 
#ObamaGate
Exposing the truth one message at a time.... yes it might be embarrassing ..lets ge to term limits next Senator!
Doesn't some of this fall into the category of slander when he tweets these accusations with no basis?
Obama did that with his lies and fake transparency. This is why you see a non politician become The President
Illinois has zero credibility.  Go work on that
Hillary Clinton lost....fair & square because she was a failed 30 year CORRUPT politician. She was rejected.
Your false claims & attacks on this POTUS are breathtaking. You, Obama & the deep state are not patriots of the USA.
President Trump has put honor and strength back to the presidency after 8 years of weakness and lies @POTUS
Obama, Clapper and Comey? You're funny. @SenatorDurbin @NewDay
we could say you as a senator forever caused all the messes we've been in especially OBAMACARE
absolutely not true just so mad cause dems lost another all talk no ACTION senator that's worn out #RETIRE
Trump's Tweets are the only transparency Americans have with our govt! Everyone else in Congress just gives us BS!
Are you not throwing stones from within a glasshouse? After all isn't this Twitter? #deplorables #MAGA
Dick your on Twitter just as much.
is it the badd sppeling?
support Presidential Transparency Act of 2017!
Wow Dickie, looks like you had a rough day.  You might want to seek some medical help and get some sleep.
I disagree, POTUS goes directly to the people. POTUS is NOT a corrupt career politician!!!!
What? Pres O didn't destroy Ofc by hanging w/rapper Jay Z who's lyrics talk abt killing police officers & defiling women? That's integrity?
yeah right....we all, those of us that liveN real world, know that BHO& his allies r capable of vile evil.u r a shill
Trump is destroying the Deep State one criminal at a time. Hence look at #Vault7 dude!
the truest statement spoken in this entire nightmare!
LIE
Sessions perjured himself.  He must be forced to resign.  Trump is unhinged.  We need a Special Prosecutor or commission.
As an Independent (former Republican for 30 + years), I am appalled by Trump's behavior.
@breton_anne @NewDay @CNN Keep plowing forward Dick
thank you Senator Durbin for fighting on behalf of Illinoisans.
He's not done a thing 4 Illinois! He's part of the crooked Chicago regime! I'll. In deep trouble
Chicago will send Mayor to Washington to bring order to Trump chaos in WH
BTW more people were murdered in Chicago last month than saw you on @CNN.
Why do you just tweet you never introduce legislation and then work to pass it. Is it because you are lazy?
Thank you for speaking out just shocking.
@POTUS is not destroying anything.  He is saving this country from going down the toilet.  Team Trump !!
keep up the good work, Senator ! Push for the truth about Trump/Russia, signed Illinois VOTER
what will you do to #ImpeachTrump ?
Thank you for speaking for me!!  When the President speaks, I now think it is a lie
Pigs!
AMEN!!! Now do something about it.
...i was already crap after obama....
Senator Durbin I'm afraid Trump is unstable. Will embroil us in foolish or dangerous circumstances.
As one of your constituents, I truly hope you can lead the fight to get this embarrassment out of office
ain't gonna happen
45 has made this country a laughingstock in 1 month's time. Imagine US a year from now? Keep fighting, resist!
THAT was @BarackObama
One time, @SenatorDurbin came by the Roasting Works because he was a fan. I’m happy to be a constituent.
Trump is destroying the credibility of the Office of the Pres 140 characters at time. Watch my @NewDay segment here 
jmore of the #ChickenLittle to fuel the #manufacturedmeltdown are u ever gonna learn? Voters r wise to this
Already destroyed. Thanks for speaking up!
140 characters and one lie at a time
That's right. Not an ordinary transfer of power. Deep Constitutional issues of historic moment.





Agreed partisanship killing country - if he worked at my company, he'd be fired by now. What are R's not seeing?
More CNN BULL S. Lost all credibility
*has destroyed
