Time for letter #5
Have you met Gov Rauner?
Thank you Senator for trying. Rauner will not be reelected-you will be. While we are talking will you guys get together form united leadersh
Governor and IL Senate are all pretty disappointing.
He is too busy screwing with the citizens of Illinois to actually pay attention to policy.
You mean Madigan
Thank you for standing up for the people of Illinois #ILSaveACA
I'm disappointed in Gov. Rauner , I had high hopes for him.
Shocking. No regard for people of IL. @GovRauner needs to term limit himself.
What did you expect, he's Trump lite.
LOL!!!
I bet senator McCain is glad he doesn't have the health care plan they're trying to pass

Vote all incumbents OUT!!
Focus on positive things for America. Trump gets too much air time his lackies get too much air time. Rs are killing us on lack of leadershi

So write a bill u like and can get passed. Prove u understand the system and can lead.
I'm glad he is not supporting a turd.
agreed. @GovRauner please respond and take a stance as Illinois' governor
Not really something he has any jurosdiction over. The budget crisis he tried to solve, and couldn't thanks to Madigan, is still a problem.
You shouldn't be surprised, Senator.   Gov Rauner has a reputation for doing nothing.
Dems have to put out a positive message on healthcare.  Quit waiting for the GOP to implode. Tell us what you'll do. Stop the fail!!!!
Thank you!
@GovernorRauner should also endorse the Paris climate accord on behalf of Illinois and our eco smart wind turbine industry #ParisAgreement
Of course @GovRauner hasn't. He was good with hospitals, doctors, universities, and social services never again seeing a dime in tax revenue
He's a failure to the people of Illinois
If Rauner doesn't get his way, he sits in a corner and ignores the world. Unless, there's a photo op. Then he'll show up at a flood.
Need to get rid of that crook Madigan!
Rauner needs to step up for the state of IL.
Not surprising. experience in IL with Repub. "outsider" without political ties should have been a warning to US. tRump isn't even convincing
Governor?  Many of your constituents have asked for this. Including me. SEVERAL times. Are you a public servant GOP MOUTHPIECE.
Not surprising, he would have denied expanded Medicaid. He's not representing people, he's representing money.
We are too, Senator. We are too. He's consumed with other priorities at the moment that don't help Illinoisians.
disappointment and @GovRauner go hand in hand
Dear Dick always criticizing never helping. You and Lieawatha Warren Maxine Waters are all about the same level. Useless!
Rauner is paying Koch to:
Abolish Obamacare
Deny climate change
Privatize Social Security 
Create unfair taxes
478 days until Midterms @JBPritzker @ChrisKennedy @danielbiss
I sent a letter to Rep. Hultgren about the ACHA over 2 months ago, still awaiting a response. I, too, am disappointed.
I have called his office several times, and have tweeted over and over. This would be such a disaster for our state. Keep on him. #FixACA
You're the disappointment turbin
Rauner's silence speaks volumes. Another libertarian millionaire cutting taxes for his billionaire friends, on the backs of working classes.
Thanks for standing up for us!
He is disappointed that the dummycrats raised taxes by 32%. And he is dealing with the flooding issue in his State. You aren't a priority!
How big of a tax cut will Rauner get if Trumpcare passes? His buddies the Koch Bros will get $34 billion
yeah bc he is a shitty governor. @SenatorDurbin, will you make an endorsement in Dem primary?
https://www.democraticunderground.com/10493051 
Disappointing, but not surprising.  Rauner is bought and paid for. @KennedyforIL
One has to wonder if GOP is even concerned about Nov. 6, 2018 or the disastrous poll ratings they get for their alternative plan. Pathetic.

Thanks for your continued efforts. Keep up the fight!
Rauner ♡ Libertarian Koch Bros
Koch owns GOP
Koch wants 2 crash govt & econ, only billionaires count
Their agenda

http://citizenaction-il.org/node/424 
Thnak you for your attempts.   Rauner is another businessman trying to be a leader and failing.
What part of the Illinois budget tells you that the State can afford the increase in Medicaid that they will be expected to pay under ACA
Agreed. @GovRauner, we will certainly remember your lack of courage & inaction on this issue. 150,000 kids lose insurance, & you are silent
Also ask Madigan why the taxpayers have to fund their incompetence and criminal spending habits. Residents/biz are bailing on IL.
Why don't you send letters to Madigan & ask why he fails to pass a balanced budget as the state constitution demands?
Why are you hoping he will take your side or do you just want to bash him??? Either one works for you right???
Senator Questions about what people can do to help Flooding Victims Pls post Statement to media Ty

You have been asked several times what your economic growth plan is & your plan to create jobs. Very disappointed that you have no reply.
I asked my state senator about that as well. Big nothing burger
It's more than "disappointing" @SenatorDurbin.  @GovRauner is intentionally working to create crisis and desperation in your state.
Thank you for reaching out to Mr. Rauner. His lack of response to a fellow public servant is quite telling.
@SenatorDurbin thank you and @GovRauner when will you take a stand? #ProtectOurCare #OurLivesDependOnIt
I have asked you several times to come clean on you correspondence with #LoisLerner. Very disappointed you have failed to do so.
The democrats have done such a great job for IL... @GovRauner should crumble the letter and wipe his ass with it. Time 4 new direction.
Maybe because he's busy trying fix the mess your party created for the state. And in either form, it's unconstitutional.
Busy, hah!  Who are you kidding?
