Enjoyed the #SteveLopez column about you in today's Los Angeles Times.
Thanks Chris!
(parody aside)

To: @SteveKingIA
RE: Your racist comment

Here are my two babies: half-Asian, full-American, and All-Kinda-AWESOME!
@bannerite @tedlieu @SteveKingIA and beautiful!!!!
I think so! TY
and bringin' sass!
That's just a relaxing Sunday for me and my girls.  
every good day has girls with sass!
First girls born into my paternal family in 4 generations. Used to worry about them being w/boys. Now I'm worried about the boys!
Beautiful children

what kind of extremist do you think they are
He couldn't answer. The kid is very likely to become a soldier or policeman. @Blue_MD
.@tedlieu Just donated to @KimWeaverIA to help get @SteveKingIA OUT of politics for good. Go kick some A$$ - Cali & Ted have got your back!
@jwortle @tedlieu @KimWeaverIA @SteveKingIA    Glad I saw this. Donated too   Also @MikeLevinCA needs support
Thanks for the tip, Samantha, $25 to Mr Levin to help kick Issa out of his seat! He NEEDS to go!
Spread the word, thanks.  I'm in NJ but will work to replace all of them.
I'm in Canada, but I will help!
Please,  can we have PM Trudeau?
maybe just borrow him for a while?
@SunBirdsGrass Great... Another generation of Libtards
Thanks  Representative Lieu! You are courageous and you will be rewarded for standing up for Voiceless Americans, granny & crew!
so glad I found you on 3/15. #IdesOfTrump #notmypresident
Your babies are beautiful!
Your boys are beautiful, and I thank you for everything you have done and the sacrifices you have made!  #TruePatriot
@franklinleonard another dude with the balls we need as potus
I'm really liking Ted and/or Joe Kennedy. Maybe both together.
Assume you mean Joe III, not fallen yet into family pattern of scandals.
No more "scandals" than any other family. Just a lot of family and even more public service.
Not sure how many other families killed, maimed, or molested 6 innocent women in 2 generations.
So, we hold @IvankaTrump responsible for the scandals of her father? A man who has zero history of public service?
Judge each by own merits. No royalty in America.
Except Kennedy? We judge him, based on family history? Your logic is confusing and self-serving.
@CariONeil3 2 fine looking young Americans who we know will do wonderful things in the future !
that comment from Stephen King is shameful. Mr. Ryan what do you think? You've been pretty quiet
American babies. Just what Mr. King was referring to.
you have beautiful babies!!
Donate $5 to @SteveKingIA's opponent, @KimWeaverIA, to help her fight his bigotry:
Donated from Jersey!! Go get 'em, Kim!!!
Thank *YOU*, @Freddie03052016 from New Jersey, for donating to @KimWeaverIA to fight @SteveKingIA! @tedlieu
My pleasure!! Power to the people! Sending positive energy to Kim's campaign, go team!!
@Liridona02 very cute
super cuties.
So proud!  So proud that you are Representative from my state California!
gorgeous babies! #UniteBlue #impeachtrump #russiagate
@Goldni Voters need to vote @SteveKingIA out of office. Dude is pure racist
Donate five or ten bucks to his opponent @KimWeaverIA here: https://secure.actblue.com/contribute/page/weaverforiowaexpresss … @tedlieu @Goldni @SteveKingIA
@ProudlyLiberal2 we stand by you and condemn him and his ilk!
Everyone please consider supporting @KimWeaverIA his Dem opponent! She needs our help to get @SteveKingIA out!
Just donated. Thank you.
Every bit helps! Thank you!
honestly can you just walk into congress and punch him in the face?
our congressman is a true geek and believes pen, or keyboard, is mightier than the sword.
we're all geeks here but sometimes we have to tuck our withered little keyboard fingers in and punch a fucking nazi.
Yawwwn! 
America is of all colors and creeds. All are welcome to become Americans.
@brooks_rosa OUR two babies of yours! Joyfully!
@LtUhura2017 handsome young men!!
Agreed! The beautiful face(s) of future Democrats! (We'll hope.)
then democracy will be in great hands!!
I saw a ton on the campaign trail that gave me hope. I just worry they're all seeing all of *THIS* & will give up.
Ted served in the Middle East .he is afraid of a desperate old white man!!
You mean, he's NOT afraid. lol
LOL! Yes, he isn't afraid of these desperate old white men! Has WAY more class!!
What's your point? It's obvious from the picture your two babies are thoroughly wrapped up in the luxuries of Western Civilization?
Indeed.  Thanks for link to King's competition.
@dalseyd 
Awww! Nice!
Gorgeous!
wonderful kids!!
We didn't need you to conquer a continent or get to the moon, Ted. You are living proof of the folly of post-1965 immigration.
Congrats. He was talking about culture, not race.
Those kids will dilute the purity of Steve king's elite Christian race!
I am proud to have you as my Rep!! I wish good health to you and your family!!
Steve King displays the confederate flag on his office desk, despite the fact that Iowa was part of the Union during the American Civil War.
they are beautiful
and Ted Lieu, where were your "babies" born?
Your kids are so cute!!
@YesYoureSexist and America is glad to have them
handsome  boys
oh noes. How do you expect us to build a nation on two strong, healthy smart babies???? How do you look at that creature each day?
they are beautiful!
And they are beautiful.
Good babies I would agree!
@realAlexaParker You have two very handsome sons Ted !
@miatagirl_r May they live long lives and prosper
why doesnt anyone @ the actual people - all these posts seem to really drive is the participation of followers,not a msg
he clarified on #tuckercarlson - Western culture and values.
@LibbyBlog and they are beautifully American!! 
I forwarded him a copy of "The New Colossus" I suggested he READ it. We are a nation of IMMIGRANTS!

Ted, please keep breeding so we can outnumber moochers like King
@GovHowardDean @Savvastzionis in King's eyes, you're not a true American. Pretty disgraceful u can say that in the mainstream?
please support @KimWeaverIA against Steve King!
when are u gonna investigate the irs targeting people for their political beliefs huh?????
hey Ted it just took me an hour to drive one mile in West LA while you bitvh about Trump maybe u can actually work??!!!!
Bravo!  You tell 'em! Please.
@jaycaspiankang Near Impossible 4 @SteveKingIA 2 sound more racist & backward than he did w/ @ChrisCuomo -DISGRACE 2 @GOP @HouseGOP
He is a total bigot
Handsome boys there.
@danweitzman Precious.  Wouldnt you want to keep them safe from #illegal immigrants & violent #Protesters #hatespeech  ? @FoxNews
he is an evil man
And a more beautiful pair I never did see!!!!!
Your children are adorable.  Steve King is a delusional bigot.  He needs to be voted out.
Ted. You is a BOSS
Beautiful!!!
Fine looking babies! Thanks for raising them!
"Are those cantaloupes in your pants, or did you bring me my drugs?" -@RepSteveKing
Handsome boys! Good kids, you can tell 
that is what I am saying World leaders exchanging family photos not weaponry and hate! Thumbs up Lieu family!
Good looking young men!  There is so much beauty in all races. Steve King is old fool who will soon be dust & no one will mourn him
Shark Valley? I hope they saw alligators!
Two good looking American born lads!!
HOOAH!
This tweet would only make sense if they were someone elses... Are they adopted?
Thank you, Rep Lieu. I hope Steve King and his family roast in hell.
Good babies!
those are some fine looking young men! Good for you sir.
sweet looking boys - looking forward to the civilization they will build with my babies.
Beautiful!
Beautiful babies sir!! Thankfully their DNA includes compassion, grace, and dignity.
Abd such handsome young men!!!!
Thank you 4 representing my culture. The one my Irish American parents raised me in, of respect, love & hard work for common good.
... ok; so they are not other people's babies.
One of mine. (Chinese; the other is Chamorro.) Mr. King: What's wrong with you?
no comprende
Very handsome and I'm sure will actually make America better unlike current regime.
that is AMERICAN!!
And they are awesome!
how can anyone see those faces and not think, "beautiful".
beautiful boys!
Apparently, Steve King does.
they are cute he just another ignorant Republican
.@tedlieu They're A LOT bigger than last time I saw them! I'm sure they're proud of all of your great work! Keep it up.
SO START STANDING UP TO THE TRUMP ADMIN HARDER THAN YOU HAVE BEEN!!!!
Precious, adorable, and appreciated babies 
@GovHowardDean sir they look Americans to my eyes!
Dear Rep. Lieu, they look like all-American kids to me.  Too bad Rep. King does not see them that way.
They are beautiful. Proud Americans.
Your kids are Muslim "refugees"?
Thanks for speaking up. I am sure you have a lot of people of *all* ethnicities behind you.
Nice looking boys! Great smiles. We need to get Steve King out of there, (I bet Trump gives him a job.
these children's + millions of seniors & adults will die early because #trumpcare offers less coverage to pepl & covers fewer pepl!
Steve King: A History of Racism – By Miranda Blue, Right Wing Watch; July 19, 2016
@Criticalanglez Beautiful
beautiful
political opportunist
King is among a group of dying dinosaurs whose extinction will relieve the planet.
Beautiful children
Great pic
We're all good raising the babies
Beautiful Americans!
Ted Liieu,these two babies of yours have never integrated and assimilated with the rest of our Euro-American family and never will.
Some skin bleaching, some coloured contacts, Double eyelid surgery, and forced sterilization and they'd be the perfect Americans
what's your point.
I am horror struck more politicians have not fiercely rebuked his remarks. Bigotry should never be acceptable from any Rep.
@ActualEPAFacts I can forgive many for their fears, but when one is in a position of power and abuses humanity, it is unforgivable
Nice looking American boys. I expect they will change the world, for the better!
Ted, don't even try to engage with people like Steve king. He's a disgrace to the nation. BTW your kids are adorable!
@funder I bet they're so proud of you Rep Lieu, you're a good man. Wish we had more like you 
Couldn't agree more!
America has become the White Racist objective
you sir, are obviously a threat to democracy and the American way of life...(sarcasm)
@MattAsherS beautiful, blessings
They look all-American to me!
Gorgeous kids. I SO love our magnificent diversity, worldwide. Thank you Ted Lieu for standing tall.
This is the future that liberals want :-)
Don't you want to preserve your culture?
great looking future leaders!
And look at how gorgeous they are. Sooooo angry with Steve King.
Beautiful babies they are, as well. As a citizen I am proud and hapy to help support them in any way I can.
@funder They are OURS!

Thank you Ted for speaking out against this intolerance & bigotry, which should be unacceptable for any American leaders.
they are beautiful
So....why should white people NOT be proud of their babies?
@CherylStrayed awesome American kids!
so handsome!!' I'm sure they will be great men! Good Luck
@funder Beautiful, beautiful boys!
Congratulations on two beautiful babies!
And they are two gorgeous babies @RepTedLieu!
Awesome picture;and like so many American citizens, man, woman, and child, these boys are smarter than a PFTUS(F =Trump) @tedlieu
The F stands for Fraud. @tedlieu
Adorable! SO HAPPY to live in the most ethnically diverse country in the world by population.
Wasnt his point but nice try
@CherylStrayed My Greek/Indian American kids could school Mr. King on his definition of "civilization." Sad!
@CherylStrayed and babies like yours will be majority in US!   Some folks need to deal with the inevitable!
King is a twisted soul. His sick, racist & polluted version of America has long been a centerpiece of his career. No surprise.
@StevenKingIA here are my two babies
So handsome!

"We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies." -@SteveKingIA.
You can prove King wrong by supporting @AdoptUSKids today.

Giving kids a stable home so they can grow into successful adults is part of the American dream, @SteveKingIA. Kthx. https://twitter.com/AdoptUSKids/status/840990841644670978 …
He just put that one on a tee for you, didn't he?
and they're beautiful!!
Why the hate for white babies? Seriously, I don't understand it.
Classic Blast....I love it
Beautiful kids! 
Good looking American boy's, we need to get racists out of congress and the White House starting at the top. #NotMyPresident
Bring your kids to work day? Maybe you can pay a visit to your colleague? Hey kids! Here's what a hateful, white, racist looks like
Diversity is our strength! You have beautiful children, this #GOPfail of nationalism has to end, get Bannon off of sec council!
so if these are yours then they aren't someone else's? maybe you missed his point all together.
@wfm01945 they look like wonderful kids!
And they are precious
What's your point? If you consider your kids part of Western civilization then he wasn't referring to them. #FakeOutrage
Some of the other stuff he said was just as abhorrent. Hadn't heard of him b4 researching your tweet but was moved 2 send him mine.
You have my support,there are many ignorant people out there that's why they no longer have mirrors in their homes,
What healthy happy kids.
Lovely!
THESE ARE THE YOUNGEST OF 8 OF MY GRANDCHILDREN
What is the point of this? He doesn’t give a shit. How about calling him a “goddamned Nazi”. That’s better.
@fohqu2 God bless your family
Look like great building blocks to me. Lucky to have them here. 
@mikeejoe
Handsome young men
a couple of good looking Americans.
beautiful young AMERICANS!!!!
don't worry about responding to alt-people who only present alt-facts with alt-consciences
TY for sharing and beautiful they are Senator as God's children! We need to let Steve King know no room for his Hate!!
they are beautiful just like my 2 brown skinned mexican-american kids.
more like Dear Reprehensible Steve King.
They are perfect!!
