Why don't we require Dreamers join the infantry and fight 6 yrs overseas in exchange for citizenship.  like the French Foreign Legion
Because Rome did that and look what happened to them.. multiple assassinated emperors by the foreign hire military and societal collapse.
Why do you think I said overseas. We already have barbarians going through the gates with unchecked illegal immigration. Democrats fiddle
They'll just steal our weapons for their own porpoises.. #DREAMOn #NoDREAMers
what do sea mammals have to do with dreamers?  Read up on the French Foreign legion they don't let that crap go down

Their country might but my country doesn't
Yes! Their country, Mexico, supports them.
Which one? Mexico? Afghanistan? Venezuela? Azerbaijan?
The kids grew up in the USA mister. Yes they're mostly brown, but don't question their allegiance based on their skin
I didn't question their allegiance. I questioned which country their birthplace was? Who supports them? I support Americans, not colors.
Nonsense. They'll support your grandparents and parents' soc security.
Don't lose faith? You questioned a nominee about their Catholic faithwho are you to do this?

Not everyone, mostly Democractic Politicians.
More votes for the Democrats !
More votes Dick? That's probably how you got elected. Illegal voters! How do you sleep at night sir?
Yes! Senator Durbin, your constituents are proud of you!
You’re obligated by the Constitution to stand with U.S. Citizens not illegals. 
We the people would like to see Traitors Standing in Jail!
Vets before dreamers
Stand with Constitutional limits to Presidential Powers. Obama had NO right to create DACA by himself. Durbin is too ignorant to be senator
From Democrats "Ending DACA is the most outrageous, cruel act of Donald Trump's presidency" means "Democrats hate Laws and Constitution"
Just open the doors let more leaches in
Maybe so but, their country is NOT The U. S. of A.
Thank you Senator Durbin. We will keep fighting out here and appreciate you fighting in there. For US, and for the Dreamers. #DefendDACA
If only the left put as much energy into actual Americans. So many Americans suffering and need help after 8 years of Obama.
I'm  'not a dreamer' But the DACA Executive Action That President Obama Took. Was Because the House Failed To Vote On CIR @SenatorDurbin
That's right, Dems own this. They dropped the ball, now deferring responsibility.
Good for you
Why haven't your dreams gotten their paper work started to show they want to be in this country legally
dreamers are the ones who have been rioting at trumps rallies before he was elected there the ones burning the American flag hold Mexican
My faith is with the Rule of Law. Congress, do your job.
It's truly tragic you do not show such energy for the citizenry
Too bad you keeps posting about dreamers. What about the citizens in Chicago that live with illegals and their gangs. Stand with them
Thank you for all that you do Senator Durbin and thank you to senator Lindsey Graham aswell. May God bless you both and America forever.
How about Americans losing faith? Are our laws meaningless to you? This is such a slap in the face to ALL LEGAL IMMIGRANTS. Shame on you.
This is NOT their country Senator! If you can't make decent decisions on logic & law (not emotions) get out of office. We don't want you.
then you are anti america
Thank you for your support for DACA students
Please attach the DREAM Act.
Can Durbin help family class green card applicants (4.3 million; 1.3 Mexico) to expedite their applications? waiting for decades
Do you stand with American kids who have dreams, too, or is your empathy as partisan as all of your other sensibilities?
the irony in that is killing it.
@UNITEDWEDREAM follow Senator Durbin he is trying to get the #DreamAct passed! #ProtectDACA
Thank you Senator. And also thank you for attending the Don Jr testimony.
Since when are YOU & Feinstein allowed to break the Constitution & ask religion ??s of court nominees??  U/Feinstein should be kicked out!
This is not their country.  They are here illegally.  DACA is unconstitutional.
Stand with the American people. How about that
Unless you're Catholic
YOU STAND FOR MURDERING AMERICANS AND SLAVERY
R u nuts
...I sure gonna vote for you Mr Flurbin...thanks ...
Which country? Country of origin or the one that they're illegally in?
Yea theyre on the other side of border forming a line, so they arent breaking our laws again
If your parents sneak you in to disneyland are you allowed to stay there for free because it's cruel to kick you out?
Well then, PLEASE WAKE UP! Quit pandering for "illegals" votes and uphold the CONSTITUTION AND PROTECT THE LEGAL CITIZENS OF THE U.S.A.
What makes you think he can't defend both? DACA recipients are paying taxes now, no detriment to citizens
Which Country?
Russia
do your job and figure it out
This is not their country they did not come in the legal way they need to leave our country and come in The front door!
Then by all means do something meaningful that will protect them.... Words are cheap.

#RT Report this hate group on Facebook: Round Up And Deport Every Illegal Alien In The USA.
This group posts violence toward #DACA #Dreamers 
How about you stand with the south side of Chicago?? They are suffering. Even little kids have been killed. Arnt they to have dreams??
Dick take them into your house then
Thank you senator for believing in us "Americans" #dreamers
think I finally understand why in the movie Demolition Man all the restaurants turn out to be Taco Bell
WATCH: Hillary Saying in '09 that DACA Children should not be allowed to stay in America.
All libs and Dems a total bunch of hypocrites
Didn't AG Janet Reno & @BillClinton send armed men to return Elian Gonzales back to Cuba?
Sure did
Thank you @SenatorDurbin  for fighting the good fight...

A path to citizenship must be earned.  Put the qualified men/women in the military and others in public service positions.  Nothing free.
Our citizens stand together but we can only stand so long before we realize we have to swarm D.C. until we are truly represented.  It's SOON

Dick: having trouble sitting? Try this:
They need action. Imagine living your life in danger everyday..thats how they feel every hour wondering if they will b deported
If you break the law you should live in fear every day. Abide by the laws of our country and there is no fear!
