Don't you think you should do the same for the USA, even Republicans are being targeted by Trump.
LOL.  In this country I hope.
How’s about you repugnicans do the same thing for the citizens of this country? #ImpeachTrumpPenceRyan
Seriously?? How about promoting the rule of law in America?? Like abolishing this farce of mueller's??? You are dispicable!!
Its a proven fact that Russia interfered with the election! Mueller is investigating Russia and more, but he's honest and has an entire team, so no one can add fake information! Investigation will be under microscope by committees now and at completion!
If you believe that, my true response would be way over your head! Go read some history books and GET a clue!!
Why do we care about Cambodia. I'm sure they are nice and need help with something but you should be focused on America
Why don't you introduce a resolution to promote democracy, human rights, free speech & rule of law in the United States? I hear they need it
#retire
Hey baby boy I hear u whining about Pres. Trump not apologizing.Y should he your not a hero ur an embarrassment to America. Ur high treason
Think the US may need a little of that too.

A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing & Replacing O'Care. My oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! 
How about we start with re-instating those rights here in the US first?
What about banning automatic weapons in the U.S.?  Only active duty military and law enforcement should have such weapons. #guncontrol
They are banned!
Then how do idiots get a hold of them?
@SenJohnMcCain you first need to promote it here by now closing Russia/Trump take over. We are no longer leaders! It Starts at home!
Did you see his attack on Free Press this morning??? DID YOU?? #DictatorTrump
How about supporting human life at home and doing something to prevent the purchase of weapons of war by civilians.  Please please help!!!
I understand that need, but we need democracy, return of our rights, and rule of law within our government before we worry about other countries.
We need your help! From Cambodian! Pls eyes on the Cambodian officials a second!.. How can we do right here?.. 
Please help us! Cambodian! Hope you put any pressure to all the ruthless Cambodian officials! We need your help! We are Cambodian!.. 
Hey senator why not support your President and the people of your state. Vote for health care change.
Worry about tje USA
A little troubling to preach that abroad when here at home we Do Not enjoy a full #Democracy #OnePersonOneVote that's full real #Democracy.
Just A Thought In These Tumultuous Times; What About America First 
How about here? We've got a wannabe dictator in the White House. GOP sits on their hands doing nothing, as he dismantles our institutions
Go back to Vietnam dickhead.
Mr Senator. Are you working on the Tax Reform Plan and Tax Cuts for all the people in America including rich or poor?
New subject-ask SenDurbin-Do not allow Russian linked Benczkowski to be app't to Criminal Justice Div-Dept of Justice. See Link to Alfa Bank
What is your plan to stop gun violence?  Are you going to help save lives or not?
The US is not regarded as a full democracy either btw.
Sen. McCain, responding to the Chinese communist pressure, The H Institute canceled speech of Guo WG. A shame to THE leader of free world
Help!The Hudson Institute postponed Wed speech by Guo Wengui, a Chinese businessman who is whistle blowing the corruption of Chinese leaders
Heck your worse than Hillary. Shut up.
We don’t rule Cambodia. We are the United States. Let’s focus there for a change.
When will you wealthly dems and rep work together for the American ppl? You have it all. but we do not. We want healthcare and tax reform.
I’m glad you are concentrating on something more important than healthcare and tax reform!! NOT !!
I hope trump doesn't sign one bill you have anything to do with .
What about here in America
Thanks for all the good work you're doing. Please keep pushing for a repeal of the Jones Act.
We aren't in Cambodia. How about they take care of themselves. Do your job here in U.S.
How about the POW's left behind in Cambodia and Loas? U need 2 call for a senate investigation into the POW's that were left behind
McCain went from Republican to Democrat to traitor to his Party to Obstructionist to useless to POS.
You should have been a foreign affairs advisor to Mickey Mouse instead of a US Senator.
Dear Senator Mc Cain how about a resolution about gun controls?
This is a function of the U.N. Why are you and Senator Dustbin wasting time on this when you should be focused on issues facing Americans?
@SenJohnMcCain senTHATS ALL YOUR GOOD FOR TAKE CARE OF CITIZENS OF OTHER COUNTRIES FIRST WE THE USA NOT SO MUCH
He obviously doesn't care about his Arizona constituents? That's for sure,
In Cambodia? You people can’t do much right here in America! So your going to mess Cambodia up too? Get rid of national healthcare here!
Worry about here sometimes. Quit fighting republicans
And we wonder why nothing gets done.  Keep on with the feel good B.S. resolutions and don't actually do anything.  Just resign already.
Heller case Scalise
Think having to do background checks at gun shows online and dont making it easy for the mentally to get guns is higher priority
How about repealing #obamacare like you promised for 8 years? Democracy in Cambodia is your priority?
Why don't you step down and actually let a republican have your seat. Done nothing but lie to keep your job
"Did NOT intro resolution w/ Durbin today promoting democracy, human rights & rule of law in #USA. Happy to let rigged elections continue."
How about you do something for Americans
McCain promoting Liberalism and a traitor to his Party. Shutup and go away McCain. Join Clintons Obama Holder 4 a kum ba ya party In Kenya
Good idea. Let's give it a go here in the USA.
Not our fight, not our battle
WHERE'S KATE'S LAW, TAX CUTS, HEALTHCARE????  JUST SITTING SOME WHERE IN THE SENATE COLLECTING DUST???
You learned nothing from Vietnam? That's right you were being indoctrinated. Should we put Pol Pot back in power? RETIRE Brutus.
Let's all move to Cambodia if they get universal health care
Good grief...can you Senators stop worrying about other countries for a change and start passing some bills that help Americans? #retire
Is that in USA..NO! You don't to care about America anymore? Need to hear you say it.. Swamp Creature !
More pandering John. Thanks for nothing.
Cambodia? What mining company has you sticking your nose there now John?
Why don't you promote rule of law here in US?
How about #GunControlNow for your own country?
Now do something about it - lazy ass
No lobbyists of any kind, including from NRS can influence my vote. Are you sure that congressmen are voted to the office by the people?
Include California and Arizona to the list.
Yes u are a true Democrat
Will there ya go worried about Cambodia & we have serious problems right here. You are just plain WORTHLESS! AMERICA FIRST. What a BUM!
In Cambodia? What about America? This is the most corrupt administration in history of our country. Republicans are complicit & silent. 2018

Maybe you can introduce one for the USA?
Yes Equal RIGHTS For All
God keep safe and protect the Cambodians from white, warmongering, neo-colonizing psychopaths.
Please help stop government theft from shareholders #FANNIEGATE #OBAMACARE THEFT IS REAL
Fantastic, what about gun control?
How about in the US ? Start by outlawing the NRA
Senator McCain, you should focus on the restablishment of our democracy, under siege from the far right.
Someday you'll have to bring that to the US.
TRUMP Admin & Repub. In Congress(#MerrickGarland)
Can you please direct this resolution regarding USA?
I second this.
Hey I support pressuring foreign governments to reform but can we word it a bit differently? "Promoting Democracy" sounds like Vietnam again
We need a resolution HERE promoting democracy, human rights and rule of law!
Durbin huh???  You are such a fake.
We need so much here in the US right now. I would prefer my $$ (your salaries) be spent on figuring out what this Country needs.
You gonna make some propaganda tapes for Cambodia now too "Song Bird"?
Diminished Capacity?
Sir we need to be focused on the USA, where you know, the people you're supposed to be representing reside. @NotOnThisWatch
Maybe we could try this in the US first...
How about sensible gun laws and tougher BG checks with Mental Health. You have a former member of Congress gravely injured in a mass shooting. Re-checks of driver licenses, passport renewal, but nothing for guns. Easy to buy privately/gun shows.
Gun shows require background checks. In Tennessee. And you can't buy an fully auto without going through rigorous background check.
And a $10,000 permit,  local sheriff's ok, special insurance, and proof of security for the weapon along with background check.
what about China?
Start with usa.
what about Saudi Arabia?
Calling for you to retire! We still have OCare because of you. Regular Order can't be had in the face of obstructionism and your personal disgust with Trump.
How is the cancer situation
Resign.
Get a life. Get out of politics. You've made your millions off the middle class. You do nothing. Self servant not public servant. Get a job!
Might want to promote that here in the US, Senator.
Maybe you 2 can introduce something similar for the US?  Just saying
What about Right Here????????
We tend to promote "democracy" at gunpoint and end up "accidentally" installing dictatorships. Please just don't.
I'm sure you mean well, but our track record is just terrible.
No he's track record isn't worth a SHIT!
Make political contributions illegal! NRA must Stop running our country.
Putin was potus 
