Opinion: Kobach is a "useful idiot" for Russia http://wapo.st/2ucVXoQ 
Vlad and Republicans who don't want the educated, POC, openminded, poor, disabled, or anyone "different" to vote.
They all serve each other
I am a Republican, I want all votes to be legitimate voters. Educated people of all races need ID to drive, why not to vote?
read between your own lines

Me: Voter Supression

You: brain jumps to urban as illegitimate voters & only educated people need to vote?
SMH
^The suble ways white conservative women make gerrymandering and voter suppression look casually patriotic.
@docrocktex26 @Only4RM
NOT ID issue. It's cummulation of voter purges, polling station moving w/ no notice, proof of residency paperwk, not holiday, no transport.
It is your civic duty to vote. If you can get to work, you can vote. Volunteers were offering carpool service. Nobody was suppressed.
There is plenty of data that shows that your ability to vote depends on where you live in this country.
No! It will keep the dead and illegals from voting, it will allow the true voice of Americans to be heard. No wonder the Democrats dislike
So where are the so called patriotic Republicans, any patriotic would take up arms over something like this threat against there nation.
Where are all the patriotic democrats who want all voters to actually be americans????  With voter ID
Maybe Dems should research Robert Creamer and Scott Foval. They kinda blew your argument while bussing around voters to commit fraud.
Why not get rid of Congress and Senate and let the States pick the president, if your that sure things are so bad.
Oh so scrap our constitution?  Typical liberal
Our Constitution says we R to have a secret vote to protect us from revenge from those who lose, you want to open the door to allow revenge.
Show me in the Constitution.
Let me tell you this one thing, I fought in Vietnam, the last war against oppression, all the rest have been aggression on our part. I know.
BULLCRAP! You guys keep saying there was "hacking" and then don't want to investigate to see if voting was messed with. Put up or shut up!
Call Kobach what he is: An Enemy of Democracy
Everyone in IL knows this is true. Durbin, you and your buddies have ruined this state. You have no credibility.
1,000 graves 2,400 votes good Dem math no investigation needed! Nothing to see here
There is fact checking sites, government sites that say this is not true. Check your sources. You were told that to inflame you.
Durbin only wants illegal future voters so he & his cronies can rule the USA forever:
You're just upset your party lost. You should consider another line of work. Maybe out here where we are. ?
Bullshit
R you willing to submit your financials,to Truth in Reporting disclosure.It appears that you n your colleagues have grown rich in last 8yrs.
CAN'T LET THIS HAPPEN! CANNOT AFFORD TO ACCEPT THIS AS NORMAL!PLEASE DON'T LET THIS HAPPEN! PLEASE STOP THIS TYRANT BEFORE HE SINKS US!
No. Voter Fraud is real. Why are Illegals and dead people placing votes? Dems live in fear of being exposed! Obama ruined America.
Illegals are not voting. Dead people ARE NOT VOTING! Think for yourself! Stop drinking the   Koolaid
Brennan Center. 
No #Democrats have explained how an audit of the voter rolls equals #VoterSuppression.

I think they are hiding something.

This is the biggest load of crap I have heard. Who votes for you?
As a Californian & a conservative we need FULL AUDIT of registered voters not a recount but a full blown, independent, forensic audit in CA!
2 many illegals 2 count. Calif. encourages FRAUD--illegals DO get 2 vote. Lawless Calif. Fraud is rampant in all elections in Calif...
You are a fool to believe that @POTUS wants anything but to make future elections free from fraud.
Illegals and the dead should not vote....
We've seen massive #VoterFraud all over the country since 2008 (mostly by democrats). Chicago full of illegals that vote, we're not stupid.
Is Kobach being paid both by Kansas and by the US Govt?
What are you afraid of Dick? Exposure of DEM voter fraud scheme! Nothing to hide-commission will find nothing-but based on your tweet. 
Are you experiencing mental vertigo?
It's not happening! We are not Russia and we will not be silenced.
Idiot
: Are you out of your mind? If you truly believe that tweet, you have no business in government.
Anyone that buys this load of crap is not real sharp

Isn't stopping an American citizen from voting a crime in itself?
Our country is unhappier than it has been in my lifetime, even during the ColdWar. Trump has already destroyed faith in government now.
You can't spell ha ha.
Durbin go home ID for voting does not suppress anyone, all you Dimms do is lie
Voter fraud commission wants to stop non citizens from voting. Has nothing to do with voter suppression. Not very bright to even think that.
We need to assure free and fair elections for citizens, not illegal, not dead people. Please consider Getting off the gravy train-retire.
Provide a single shred of evidence to support your asinine assertion.
Why is asking for ID acceptable for everything and anything besides the one thing that matters most, voting? I
The only damn reason the Dems fight this is beacause they want to cheat. They can't win without fraud.
The DNC refused FBI access to examine their Russia hacked computers. What were they hiding?Just what Putin wanted
 What did you know & when?
@washingtonpost
So now you want us to believe Putin is behind the voter fraud commission? LOLOLOLOLOL
Sen. Douche  , making valid Photo ID a requirement is not suppression it's common sense. Democrats undermine our elections worse than 
Republicans, southern oligarchs and northern billionaires are behind measures limiting the vote, not Russia. Putin doesn't make U.S laws.
No it protect election from thief like you and you know youi can not win without cheat that fact about you democrats
Real question : why would Putin want an election that is free from fraud or undue influence?
Senator, they have already succeeded in discrediting our democratic process w/Russias involvement - will trust from voters ever return?
Also they would like election data, so the right wing think-tanks could look for methods to make sure the #Dems don't win in 2018.
Voting is a right for legal citizens to participate in the election process, what would happen if 10million illegal Russians came and voted?
We want to clean up voting.  Many dead and illegals and other non citizens vote. You know that as well as we do.  Lets have honest elections
You know Dick if I could find two brain cells in your head to rub together it would be a miracle! #MAGA
Total bald faced lie
Like Al Franken maybe Durbin's seat depends on fraudulent votes.
You & rest of the democratic machine have Been in power for far too long. Speak to citizens here and gosh no one admits to voting for you.
Forgive me Senator they have consolidated all powers in the USA government, Thru voter suppression and collusion. And now we have this mess
How does fraud commission suppress right of person legally eligible to vote? Seriously, this is stupid.
And shore up the system to get his daughter elected. Ivanka not Tiffany obvs!
No, they want to make sure only those who have the right to vote actually vote, no illegals or non citizens .  Period
Putin's fooled you!

Putin NEEDS voter fraud

The ONLY way to stop him:
 Verify legitimacy of EVERY vote

1st stop motor-voter California!
I say "no taxation without representation".  If lawful voters are barred from voting, they should be exempt from paying taxes.
Illegals and the dead don't get to vote. What's wrong with you? Seriously. Do you think tired rhetoric disguises what you're up to?
That's all you got .. same old song for 30 years. No, we know you guys are cheaters! Period. Time to figure it out, once and for all!
Yeah. We should immediately turn over all the information they want to prove it!
You Durbin are doing exactly what Russia would want, Russian puppet.
Gonna lose a lot of dead Chicago votes?
Trying 2 tie vote eval 2 Russia is so OBVIOUSLY a blatant attempt 2 try 2 link anything to . Who created that talking point?
Looks like cheating will not be in the cards anymore. Too bad
WHY do we need ID for these things, Senator Brains? PLEASE reply, Thank-you
Hey Turbin, if you are illegal you don't vote!
That's their new narrative.  Suppression?  We call it Fairness, Justice and Legality.

Really? What we need is I'D FOR EVERY VOTER THEN ILLEGALS AND DEAD PEOPLE CAN'T VOTE!! THEN WE WOULDN'T NEED TO GET THE INFO.
TBF Republicans have been sabotaging our electoral systems since the Southern Strategy.
Keep talking and keep losing
What are you so afraid of? That there will be ineligible voters (i.e. Illegals) on the rolls who voted? Ppl voting multiple times? What?
And put our private info into easily hacked master file so our credit can be ruined by 
The stupidest thing I have hear this year from Dems. @POTUS more reason why the voter fraud commission needs to look through the records.
Zip it, Dicky 
So Senator Durbin thinks all minorities are too stupid to get an ID and show it to vote.
The ability to vote is privilege, not a 'right'. If you read the Constitution, you'd know these things, Dick.
Tailgunner Dick is on the march.
Yep only legal breathing citizens should be allowed to cast one and only vote sorry the democrats will lose all the fraudulent votes to bad!
How many dead people voted for you?
If he cleans out the dead and non-citizen votes liberals will never hold an office again.  That's not fake news…
Protecting the integrity of our voting process is "suppression"??  You, sir, have reached your Congressional expiration date. Go home 
Dems have the corner marketed on voter fraud, remember Acorn? I sure do! Remember the dead Dems that vote? I remember!
is shutting down DEM corruption machine. Love it. #MAGA
LOL!
Drama

Pass this along to o Cory Booker.
Better that than diluting U.S. Citizen's votes with Dead people and Illegals. Stay tuned. Rino and Dem bloodbath 6 Nov. 2018.
.@SenatorDurbin @POTUS As your constituent I'd like to know why you don't believe in taking rational steps to ensure election integrity.
I hope this is your tagline for re-election. #MoreGOPWins
Do you really believe this?  Voter fraud at some level has already been confirmed.
Voter fraud has been rampant among Dems for some time now.  They project their own dishonesty onto others who did no wrong.
https://therealdeal.com/2017/03/21/kushner-has-even-bigger-plans-for-666-fifth-avenue-and-they-total-12-billion/amp/ …
Can you fill out an I-9 without an ID? Then you should need one to vote, they cost $10..
Glad to see the Democrates still support fraud.  Wouldn't recognize you if you didn't. #VoterIDNow
Please stand up for us to stop him! Thank you.
Precisely. Thank you, @SenatorDurbin.
Trump is Russia
Dick thinks Putin hates dead, illegal immigrant & multi-voters as much as Dick loves them?
Both Trump and Kobach are Putin Parrots.
@washingtonpost Many people are enrolled in more than one state.Examples:frequent movers for military, corporate jobs.
Fake News
As a citizen, I want my vote to count. I want the voting process of my country to be above reproach, streamlined, accessible, and secure.
Any explanation as to how the Dem Primaries had two studies with Statistically Impossible results???
Dude you are from a state that openly celebrates it's fraud at the ballot box.
Only the right to vote for zombies or the right to vote 60 times
Please decommission Kobach.
Russia Russia Russia! Ad nauseum! Do you ever listen to yourselves? Obviously not, sadly.
Yet not a word about Ted "blonde in a pond" Kennedy asking soviet help, eh?  Who in hell are you kidding?
Just marvel at your twisted thinking @senatordurbin !
Yes Senator, it's awful. What are YOU going to do about it? Please do something. Thank you.
Says a Senator from the corrupt state of Illinois which is reputed to have the most dead voters in the union.
Defending voter fraud is literally treason.
Continue invoking Russia for anything & everything bc we love #winning!!!! Such frauds.
How pathetic are you! If one is voting LEGALLY they have nothing to worry about!
Vladimir Putin has shared a vodka toast with all of his closest advisers and hackers every day since last November 9.
So now stopping illegal voting from happening isn't in America's best interest but Russia's? No, Dems, it's not in YOUR best interest.
Why would we suppress voters who could vote for us? Are you admitting illegal voters only vote Dem? Disturbing u dont want rolls cleaned up.
I think he is just an #idiot
Just use an ID to vote no biggie..
wouldn't want voter suppression it just means more votes for him
What, how would you know this? Do you have connections with Putin? #maga
Remember when HBO encouraged 'Dreamers' to vote? They r not LEGAL CITIZENS yet. Dims not even hiding cheating anymore.
YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF. YOU PROBABLY DON'T HAVE THE BALLS TO PUT OUR COUNTRY BEFORE YOUR PARTY. ISN'T THE COMMISSION BI-PARTISAN?
What are you afraid of?????? U are also racialist telling people there are either too dumb or too lazy to get an ID
I hope you find the "smoking gun" proof of Russian election conspiracy very soon because it is wearing VERY  THIN.
Having ID hasn't interfered with your supporters getting food stamps and free healthcare why would voter ID stop them from voting?
Instead people,are femoving tgere banes from the voter roles.  Way fo go folks stop leople from voting
Thank you for fighting these fascists Senator Durbin! #resist
Can you post any proof
More Dickie lies, thanks dude. The illegals shouldn't vote, we know they do. You want to keep it a secret!
Photo ID or citizenship proof isn't suppression. It's protecting the Republic by ensuring the integrity of elections.
This has to be a parody account. No senator would want to disenfranchise American voters by looking the other way at illegals & dead voting
http://www.searchnow.com/?q=proven%20voter%20fraud&dev=m&quid=11648802&caid=sh0071&gclid=Cj0KEQjwktHLBRDsx9OZr_OLocIBEiQAUFJvrHSvA1GvvElRqXcDOVqECKOxnR17HUslsEjhMVnSaQsaAryt8P8HAQ …
Very telling that you think your constituents are stupid enough to believe this type of naked agitprop.
Do you realize a large majority of American citizens believe one must have photo ID to vote! How is this "voter suppression"? Dems are crazy
When GOP makes it harder for specific groups of people to get those IDs, that is voter suppression
GOP will close DMVs in black districts, so its harder for those ppl to obtain ID for voting (hurts poor and older people especially)
In NC, they purposely got rid of Sunday voting in three of the blackest districts bcuz churchgoers could be bussed to the polls
What is voter suppression exactly, genius. Your head must be far up the @ACLU ass.
We've got to rid the world of these traitors to the idea of democracy!!
As an Illinois resident u find you to be one of MOST DISENGENUOUS politicians ever to serve in the Senate. With your help this state FAILS!
Your scare tactics are wearing thin. People are starting to question your motives. Whatever happened to politicians working for country?
No, we just don't want your illegals voting in OUR elections!
My God. The Democratic Party is a hot mess. This guy!
America. Do not let this happen !
Voter fraud exists & THAT undermines our Democracy. The gov already HAS my info & takes my money. Least you can do-ensure my vote counts.
Think about that logic for a second.....
Need to voter ID laws in place- prevent illegal voting. But Dems don't want this since this is how they win elections. Durbin should be out!
You mean expose what your party has been doing for years? Putin again? What else do you have fella? Proving our point once again
Sounds like you're afraid of exposure to voter fraud.
Then you must not really take our right to vote to seriously.
@POTUS #VoterFraud commission is what #America wants.
But you wouldn't understand that since you're too busy destroying #Illinois
That's hilarious coming from a politician from Illinois, arguably, the most corrupt State in the US.
They're planning fast and hard for next year
WE know that YOU know voter fraud is real. 

#ProjectVeritas 

#Wikileaks
Kobach believes in an America dominated by white rule and will do whatever it takes to support that.
Go away. You're and embarrassment and representative of everything wrong with Washington.
Yet you can never show who it is that using valid ID, proving you have the right to vote, harms anybody. Dems NEED 2 be able to cheat

What are you and like minded doing to stop this commission? Exactly
Anyone who has a problem with verifying a citizen's right to vote is an enemy of the country, period. Lots of people died for that right. FU
