1)You=class act. 2) I appreciate your words. 3) I disagree. With DT it's not about different morals, but basic human decency.
for me it's not today as much as what you do from the time Trump is sworn in. Act & React based on OUR wants- listen to US.
Good for you
*applause applause*
I appreciate and agree with your attendance. This is a celebration of our Constitution - not of Donald Trump.
I admire the stance you're taking and am proud to have supported you as a senator since I was old enough to vote
Sorry @SenatorDurbin but I disagree on this 100%. Have always had respect 4 u but today am SO disappointed in u. Weak rationalization!
I respect your decision to attend the inauguration. You have always stood for the people of Illinois and the country.
I must also remind those here who shift OUR job onto others like yourself. You must listen but we must pressure and be active
I once offered you my 1st class seat to ORD, but you declined. Once a class act, always a class act! Thank you! @Medium
Transfer important. If Trump conspired with the Russians, impeach him
This IL voter is OK with U not attending the inauguration. U can represent me by not voting 4 any of #PEOTUS cabinet picks.
We must not normalize this presidency. Please fight for what you KNOW is right for Illinois and the United States.
: "i'm sure u think u believe that" --Dorothy Vaughan, @HiddenFigures
Durbin always has been and is now a jerk!
A well written and reasonable comment.  What we need today is more thought and understanding than confrontation.
That's weak, Sen. Durbin. If that's the resistance we're putting up, we stand no chance. It's time for you to go.
Understand the argument, but disagree.  The peaceful transition of power doesn't require celebration of a man like Trump.
Good reasons, but please do vote NO on the obvious bad choices: Sessions, Pruitt, Mnuchin, Price, DeVos... Thank You Senator!
I do not disagree with Senator Durbin to respect the Constitution and the process and to continue to fight for what is right.
I am glad you were there! Please keep an eye on our new President!
I believe @SenatorDurbin showed mature leadership by attending, hard as it must have been. I'm confident he will be fighting the good fight.
Well said Senator, proud to have been represented by you
I also respect the Courage and Commitment of those not going to Celebrate such a dismal example of American leadership.
As someone who was proud to vote for you, I am deeply disappointed. If you don't resist, you damn us all.
Thanks for your respect of the constitution.  The people have spoken.  Please confirm the cabinet appointments quickly.
I expect you to support President Trump to the maximum effort and uphold the Constitution that you were sworn in on.
Funny. Your explanation states every reason that you should not attend. Same weak Dems while Reps take no prisoners.
Nice, thoughtful letter...but where do you draw the line?
Your voting record and other governmental achievements lend credence to your position.  You are setting a good  example.
Serious mistake to attend. The US has a grave constitutional crisis when a corrupt man who lost the popular vote 'wins."
#RejectPruitt Respect your reasoning but disagree. #rejectREX
You are still playing by the old playbook. Accept that we are now living in a plutocracy. Trump is illegitimate shun him.
I respect your decision and I know that you will continue to do everything in your power to protect the U.S. citizens
Bad decision. It would be far more powerful if every Democratic member of both houses chose not to attend.

Our leaders-you-need to take a powerful stand for us. You are our power in Washington--please don't go
please don't :/
Understand/appreciate desire to honor peaceful transition. BUT legit or not, Trump is not peaceful/honorable guy.
Rethink?
I respect your determination to stay at the table. Please continue to fight for justice with principled votes & legislation.
normalizing this sexist and racist is not the right answer they refused to get along with Obama refuse Trump
As my senator, it is your duty to be there.
glad your standing w/ @realDonaldTrump  the legit POTUS the electoral collage works as  intended #Russia only let out truth
Your the token Democrat? Free Food? Validated Parking? It sure can't be because you respect the Office.
I disagree wholeheartedly
No need to read. Just remember how the photo will look 25 years from now when Adolf v 2.0's record is taught in history class
Its your decision. I will not normlize this transition and will be watching your votes to see if you still get mine.
Well said!!
I understand you respect the office and the process, but Trump does not. He cannot be normalized.
I really wish you would take a stand for the Constitution by not legitimizing and normalizing this evil evil man
You're doing the wrong thing for the right reason. You think this will help you legislate. No. Gops will negotiate nothing!
I believe u would better serve Illinois by boycotting this terrible human who is NOT our president. He does not represent USA
Disappointing
Excuses. None of the Presidents you named were vocal racists, twitter bullies, denegrator in chief of the disabled, minorities, immigrants
while I appreciate the explanation, I would much rather see you side by side with #womensmarchChi #resident
I disagree with your decision and think you'd be better off skipping it than legitimizing him, but thank you for telling us.
I was wondering why!
I'm starting to wonder about you, @SenatorDurbin. Your constitutes are watching.
has it been a peaceful transition amid tons of controversy?  Don't you question the legitimacy of this election?
So long as you vote "no" on most of these nominees, this constituent does care where you go.
Respecting norms for someone who happily flouts them will be seen by him as proof of weakness. And he will be right.
please don't though
as my Senator I expect you to do all you can to stop these reckless/dangerous cabinet appointments
A principled stand. I will expect you to obstruct EVERY mean-spirited, misogynistic, nativist, homophobic bill in the senate!
U can rest assured Durbin will not.They just gave this guy carte blanche.We need to elect a new progressive Cong.
than regrettably you will be standing w/
#RussianAssest 
#PutinsPuppet 
#Racist
#SexualPredator
incestuous @realDonaldTrump
That's unfortunate. Please at least prevent Betsy DeVos
it's because you value your political career more than your country, just fess up. America knows.
Not sure I agree totally but it is food for thought. I've lost a lot of respect for DD.
