Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
.dont ya think its overdue..? tRump is going to destroy us all if somebody in DC doesnt step up...COME ON!!!
Even more than that, they must remove this dangerous reckless man from office. He is by far the biggest threat to America
Withhold consent.
Americans demand impeachment proceedings of POTUS.  How much MORE damage does he need to do in order for our government  TO DO anything?
You are dangerous! Shame on you! You are only interested in your party!
Name the crime... charge him and THEN you can have your prosecutor. till then, Shhhhhsh your being annoying sir!
And when was the last time the democrats put country over party?  Oh this is only for when democrats are out of power.
While you're at it Dick, set one up to investigate the communications between #SethRich & @Wikileaks regarding DNC emails
Dangerous is the smooth transition of power did not occur as your party attacks POTUS thru fake news. R U declaring war on the USA?
The Resistance wants us to put country before party. Trying to overthrow the gov't thru propaganda I assume is treasonous.
How can anyone say this is legal.  He has to go now!!!
HYPOCRITE! YOU DIDN'T OPPOSE HILLARY AND HER UNSECURED SERVER IN HER BATHROOM!!!!!!
@GOP has forgotten they work for us not the other way around. #withholdconsent
@GOP has yet to put country over party. 2018 can't come soon enough.
Or, maybe, I don't know, draw up articles of impeachment?
I believe the House impeached, but my knowledge may be spotty. So we need Roskam, Hultgren, Kinzinger, Davis and others to ACT! Call them.
The House hasn't done anything yet. They would be the ones to draw the articles of impeachment then Senate conducts the hearing to remove.
@GOP @House GOP
And some cognitive testing while they're at it.
Dog, get a grip. U'r party lost, smooth transition of power demands it.
Makes me wonder if McMaster himself was the source.
#countrybeforeparty Thank you Sen Durbin! 
Okay, while we're at it lets get an Independent Investigation started on Hillary Clinton with Benghazi and all those emails. What say you?
Time for Dems to shut this thing down.
You don't give a damn about us. You only care to obstruct the @POTUS and accuse him of anything and everything.
I ask again on what charges for a special prosecuter. You dont even know what to ask for. If their is proven Criminal charges then tell us.
#impeach #trumpWatch #trumpRussia
Yes, we need a special prosecutor for Hillary, Benghazi, and Seth Rich's murder!  Great idea, Senator Durbin!
Agree - no more senate business until we either know there was no collusion with Russia or he is impeached!
GET OVER IT ",YOU LOST" ,,. youll do ANYTHING to LIE,,,LEAVE HIM B, SO HE CAN FIX WHAT barack OSSAMA SCREWED UP,= LOSER....
Durbin, you have nothing but CNN news to base your demands on, but yet you push on. Just more political bullshit
Please get the President out off the office that he is clearly not capable of doing. Protect our country from him please
Don't get your hopes up Dick...and i do mead DICK !
Sir, I fear that the GOP itself is operating under directives from Putin. Funded by dirty Russian money.
Are populated by a bunch of morons who will capitalize on anything to raise their poll numbers. Democrats and Republicans always party 1st
@wmariebritt I'd prefer inclusive uniting terms like "entire congress" over divisive ones. All of America can get behind this
McConnell also has to show thanks for the  $1 million contribution Len Blavatnik made to his “Senate Leadership Fund”.
They SHOULD.  But, for people like McConnell, he must show thx for the job Trump gave his wife.
WE THE PEOPLE must force GOP to stop protecting Trump!!! CALL Congress NOW! DEMAND IMPEACHMENT!!! 
#RepublicansAreComplicit
#202-225-3121
Yes! Thank you, Sen. Durbin.
Turbin Durbin suddenly worried about putting Country before Party; while putting Party before Country. Once a hypocrite always a hypocrite.
When will @TheDemocrats catch up with the people they represent? Call these people what they are and raise your voices
@PalmerReport an independent investigation should've happened months ago,FBI is almost done,impeach his ass,get it over with!
why you're still excited 4an independent investigation baffles me.This man is so fucken corrupt,just do right!
The GOP needs to be disbanded
@PalmerReport why not just hold impeachment hearings? If this were a Democrat there'd be no hesitation. What the fuck is up?
That clip of you laughing at Ted Cruz in the Yates hearing put quite a grin on MY face. Watched it 5x, thanks for the laughs Senator 
Dangerous yes...reckless, unfortunately the guy doesn't understand this arena...he is an amateur..lousy investor and politico
There won't be any investigation, tRump is putting one of his "yes sirs" in place. Dem are too much a wuss. Get tough
YES!!! Time to SHUT IT DOWN SIR! #SHUTDOWNGOVT TILL #IMPEACHMENT
Sorry they have all taken up citizenship in Trumpistan
The problem, Senator, is that the @GOP thinks their party IS country- they can't differentiate.So they'll tank their party over bad ideology

They won't. It's US versus the big money hawks.
And a private server with classified emails isn't? Go home Dick, you're drunk.
Is there no one who will take him to the woodshed? Please! Make this stop!
Good luck. They're too selfish
What else did you expect of him? The world knew he wasn't smart. How did he get to the presidency? The man appoints families
Too late for that.  It's time for resignation.
Not holding my breath— the #GOP are cowards. If not this, than what??!
We need action Mr.Durbin 
What do you need us to do?
LIE!!gen McMaster has just made a public announcement about this fake news  You libs keep trying and we keep proving you lie!
Everyday it's something more sickening. You and your counterparts need to start taking control of your duty to the Americans.
What are you going to do about it? Nothing, again? Roll over and play dead?
YES! Now, are you willing to take action? Shut down Senate business till this gets done!
Investigations are So important. Who is doing their job in Washington? Oh that would be @POTUS who gets more done in his day that all senate
Your open-borders stance on immigration betrays American workers and falls short of putting the country first.  UR "dangerous and reckless."
Phony story meant to distract and LIE to the public.....as usual.
But you're totally cool with Hillary recklessly using an unsecured email server to house classified data? #hypocrisy
See your spreading fake news  Jeopardizes your credibility!
LOL you don't know @WaPo is #fakenews
Hmmm...how can the President leak confidential information, when he can determine such things? Wondering about your lobbyist funded house.
Dick please retweet your danger and reckless comment of Joe Biden ousting Seal Team Six and their movements. Ready go!
@KimberlyTompk12  here here!! 
There needs to be a probe, as a US Chicago Pastor & Citizen Im disappointed &lost trust in the president and fast losing trust in government
I have never felt so unsafe! It's time!

"The story that came out tonight is false," NSA Director McMaster says tonight. "I was in the room it didn't happen." 
This makes me sick. Likely, the people who provided this Intel will be discovered & God only knows what will happen to them!  #ImpeachTrump
Lock him up
What can do?
I'm more for #impeachTrumpnow at this point
when is enough ENOUGH!?
This is without question the worst diplomatic blunder of the 21st century. 
This coming from ppl who vow resistance on everything. Dick, u are very much the hypocrite and everyone knows it
Senator Durbin, if this is how you feel, #withholdconsent on all Senate business until a special prosecutor is named. From a constituent
if this was obama they'd be lined up down the street with their target tiki torches. Don't tell me usa is racist
What information. Once again details. Can't provide them I assume. WP is so reliable.
Get him out NOW
so what are you and @SenDuckworth going to do about it? what will it take for Congress to impeach? you all talk but do nothing! #FAIL
Trump needs to undergo a fitness for duty exam.  As a career civil servant, I am deadly serious.
Who are we? Are we still a democratic republic? It is frightening that half the US population approves of this imbecile some call Pres.
Thank you.
Is a Russian Spy in the White House grounds for impeachment or treasonous behavior? Taxes, Tapes, Collusion,Emoulent, pass of classified inf
Senator Durbin,  Trump is ignorant and dangerous!  He is single-handedly taking Wash DC to an all time low!! He needs to go - IMPEACH!
I will believe you are serious when you start talking impeachment and treason. Once a criminal always a criminal.
@SenatorDurbin can't do it without GOP, and they simply don't care. They think it's great. He's been calling for invstg for a long time now.
Isn't that basically the definition of treason? 
If GOP doesn't demand investi.re this then their charade about how "possibly" bad Clinton personal email server was for USA was a crock
Senator McCain has already said that they don't like it, but DT can share secrets w//Russians if he wants to.
@POTUS Trump MUST BE STOPPED IMMEDIATELY. @SenateDems & @SenateGOP need to work together to protect America. TAKE ACTION NOW!

@TheLeadCNN
Let's face it he is above the law. He will just say he has right to declassify. Bend over America it's not over. He will destroy EVERYTHING
Nice to see u engage. Can u persuade the Senators across the aisle that this POTUS' Treason transcends party lines?
The Illinois block all tweeting out the Same Bullshit when we have known for Months the Russians are fighting ISIS and terrorism too
This is treason
Also time for impeachment!!!!...(an Illinois constituent)
Yes. What will you do to make this happen? Stop all business in the Senate until they agree.
If this is true #Trump needs to be impeached for treason
Impeach him.
This undermines credibility.  Who would stick their neck out to share information with us if we are reckless with it?
Not even Russia any longer.
DO You Lefty'S and Fake News !
Really think we FIRED COMEY' BECAUSE He was getting closer ! Too obvious !
DUMB ASS'S they'still Investigate
You have put party over country for the last 8 years fast & Furious  Benghazi  IRS Scandal #SusanRice so you are an expert.
Durbin was the Secret Source they used. @washingtonpost is nothing but kitty litter box paper.
Aren't we past the point of an independent investigation.  Shouldn't we go straight to impeachment?
He is unfit to serve!
PROOF???  Until then YOU and the rest of the "GOSSIP PARTY" Dems keep your biase and hate in check.
this is past that
Until you can site a specific law that has been broken this is nothing more than a political witch hunt.
How much longer before congress acts to impeach him?
How mind boggling to think "we've" shared classified info with Russia in our own "house!"
No, don't bother with spying...we'll just give it to you...
Good luck.  We have as much as a chance of that as @GovRauner writing a budget for this fine state.
Agreed! Thank you Senator Durbin. #CountryOverEgo
Don’t worry, they won't
I WILL.
Impeach Trump!!!!
Impeachment
What is there left to investigate? He literally spied for the Russians.
They won't.  They simply don't care.
Sounds more like immediate impeachment is in order!!
How about let's just remove him from office in the most efficient way possible before we all die? K, thanks, bye
