EPA Administrator Pruitt says administration will withdraw from Obama-era clean power plan. http://apne.ws/yZl6nVs 
No, Pruit has chosen common sense! There's no scientific proof that the plan would have done anything, we do know, it would've killed jobs!
Pruitt has no common sense and no clue about environmental concerns
How many genders are there Senator science?
Illinoisins like me like their power like they like their martinis: dirty. JUST KIDDING. Help us all. Please. This isn't going wellllll
And I mean illinoisians ** I am having the Pinot Grigio because of our president
Drinking won't cure ignorance and stupidity.
Guess he missed the memo about the "protection" part of the job
@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin When will  the House&Senate act 2 stop the coup & overthrow of our govt by Russia & libertarians Mercer & Koch?
Another mentally deficient decision taken by WH & EPA reversing Obama clean power plan creating toxic cities 4 our children
A tweet from mexican senator durbin that isn't about daca, what are the odds.
How do we stop this lunacy!? Trump & GOP have a mission to undo EVERYTHING President Obama did no matter the effects on the world. #Impeach
Erase the awesome guys legacy to create an idiocracy.
Wouldn't it be cheaper if Secret Service bought the golf carts and had the military helicopters transport them from course to course ?
The children are sick. What are you doing about. CHIP
Read the Nature Geo Science paper by james delingpole how global warming has been way over stated
Last time I checked, #Trumpians also live on Planet Earth. Don't they want clean air/water? Under Rs, the Koch Bros. are running the country
Can we PLEASE get rid of the electorate? It’s 2017 why are we still protecting slave states?
We Do Not Inherit the Earth from Our Ancestors; We Borrow It from Our Children
Senator Durbin they have chosen money over science not politics
Go away
Trump transformed the agency from environmental protection to oppressor.
Why are the only Republicans speaking out for the American people those who are retiring? It's clear Donald is unhinged and dangerous.
He needs to be stopped.
Anything that has to do with Obama he wants to destroy
Because clean air is bad for rich people. This administration sucks
You would leave than debt and war zone Chicago.
HOW STUPID, no its just AMERICANS come first now, like they should have years ago. Pray right choices to be made
are you for real?? what about this that even our great grandkids kids are not going to be able to pay this off..... http://www.usdebtclock.org/  but your worried about BS & dreamers
Then keep your trap shut and strop all the hot air!!
You're pissing in the wind, Senator. Trump doesn't care. Stop expecting this maniac to be rational and work to get him out of our WH.
Omg Congress needs to stop this insanity!
Remove Durbin
The science I was taught in school says plants breath in carbon dioxide and emit oxygen.  When coal burns it emits carbon dioxide thus giving the plants something to use to make oxygen.  Has that changed?
Blood on the Mountain. About coal mining. Watch it. "Clean" energy in any sense it is not.
Dems must fight this everyday!
Yes it is; please keep speaking out my Senator, also can you stop this MADNESS??!Thank you 
@realDonaldTrump @EPA ThankYou Donald.Putting 1000s of 200 ft tall windmills on the surface of of R nations rural areas is BS
sdd!-canuimagineworld
wewereleavingwithout
potusagenda!-OUCH!be
grateful&appreiatepotus
agendacamealong&is
HERE!leavingourfuture
wrldbetter!
Just spray some more chemtrails. Fuck yeah dude. Cloud seeding rules. @UsAirforce
And money over the people, their health, and the land, air, and water.   Disgusting.
They've also chosen ideology over facts, which reminds me of this:
Nope this is about Trump helping his friends in the coal industry
Science   ? .....science fiction is more like it.
Even worse this is the world our children are being raised in a world where science and facts are deemed fake
The "clean power plan" is all politics.
#NotNeeded
Damn! I really liked breathing.
And you’ve chosen #poverty over #jobs. Having a #government “CAKE JOB” puts you out of touch with the #working class

Don't call this train wreck an administration!  They're are a bunch of morons there to line their pockets!
This is about systematically eliminating every last thing Obama initiated. It's like he's trying to erase Obama's presidency.
#@&$ers
Wrong again Dick, the EPA chose a balanced approach to our electricity needs. The market, not some govt bureaucrat, will choose who wins
Agree. But if this is about “the world we leave our children”, why did you vote to give the unaccountable #military MORE ? 
Don't "like" the statement, but agree with you.
How do we make this stop? I grew up in LA and remember smog alert days. It was so thick, there were days you couldn't see across the street.
Mr Durbin this Administration continues to make decisions that are not in the best interest of the American people.  
Which children? You aborted them all (using science presumably)!
How much are you making from "Science"?
Follow the money people!
Why don’t you clean up Chicago and take care of the people that voted for you. Well ?
When did the EPA become the EDA (Environmental Destruction Agency)? Oh yea, the day that Trump took office.
What can we do Senator?  What can congress do?
You gotta make some noise.
Thanks!
Southern Illinois,  @SenatorDurbin wants some of your jobs to disappear because he only loves Chicago.  Glad I don’t live in your state!
The only jobs DISAPPEARING are those that are relegated to the PAST. May be hard to accept but fact. It’s NOT early 1900’s It’s early 2100’s
Good Old Days before the EPA.
They have chosen greed over our children's future
GOP leadership only cares about the wealth of their children. Nothing else matters. Don't take it personally—it's just business to them.
No actually we care about the environment but we care about feeding our children and providing a roof over their heads. It's more than $
@AP Glad to see you egaged Sir! Please continue to speak out and take action to save our Democracy.It is SO out of control

If those children grow up 2 b like those that are n the WH, related 2 anyone in the WH or Congress then they deserve wht they get!
@realDonaldTrump has never been concerned with the future, women,or children. In his world the white man should subdue the earth.
No, just cower and whimper till it’s too late. You’d like that.
DJT : The Dictator who just passes the buck to Congress, so he can blame them 4 his failures  The Great Destroyer 
Actually they have chosen @Koch_Industries demands over science & our country.
Not surprised. Admin took away healthcare from our present kids that will be the future.
Neither DJT OR current Congress give a damn about OUR,( or Planets ) future. Science only good if it can extend THEIR LIFESPAN
Glad to know you are on Twitter. Thanks for your well stated opinion.
It's about the money they'd rather have in their pockets.
Your assuming he did anything tha WASNT unless BEFORE 1997, & I seriously doubt it.
Why do you hate coal miners in Southern Illinois? What do you think powers electric vehicles & your cell phone? #coal
No one HATES miners. But just like Blacksmiths. Their usefulness in a 21st century world is OVER. Need to accept it & move on
How will you power your electric vehicles & cell phones? @SenatorDurbin does hate coal miners until election & contribution time #Hypocrite
Just like how Obama chose Illegals and 'refugees' over Americans
Yes, but for Trump and the GOP this is about undoing the wins of a successful black man. For them hate and bigotry trump everything.
Add violence !
Exactly, and our grandchildren!
And money over all things.
They will deal with it?
I think they are going for jobs and to erase Obama's job killing mandates.
The “ Money Mongerers” like Trump, who is total sociopath, continue to rape & pillage planet & life on it. Evolve or DEVOLVE into extinction
Dismantle the @EPA it's a state rights legislative issue not federal. You could have competition between states for clean energy suppliers.

Please stop these people.
Get these people out of office super fast!
GOP would rather try to “ handle “ him, than lose any more R voters before mid-terms
