That said isn't it about time that you co-sponsor #MedicareforAll ?
I reside in Illinois. I DO NOT support Graham-Cassidy under any circumstances! I support Medicare for all, if it includes dental & vision.
And glasses! In Colorado,  our expanded medicaid covers vision test, but not glasses, go fogure!
Yes. I have a high prescription that is difficult to determine. My glasses are very expensive.
I'm so sorry...
@roadkingrider2 sen McCain Murkowski Collins Paul Ask for Hearings Scoring of bill.Discussion & Amendments.Rushing will kill
YAYAYYA Senator - Litmus test for legislation should be >How many Americans will die from this? #GrahamCassidyBill = Too many
@realDonaldTrump They can call it Graham Cassidy but we will be calling it TRUMPCARE!
A selective memory. Obamacare was the biggest single setback for healthcare in history.  Dems have long created more problems than solutions
The Gop added over 200 amendments to the ACA. It was bipartisan not like this lobbyist dream package health care.
Yep, solving all the problems of big pharm and commercial insurance companies.  Screw all us little people.
Then make the case!!!
Please don't let them pass #Trumpcare while we're busy w/ hurricanes, #TrumpRussia & waiting to see if trump starts a nuclear war w/NK.
Thank you Senator for all you do! Keep up the good fight and we will do what we can to fight with you.
I've been faxing you and Senator Duckworth to take action against Republicans. We need your help! Millions will be out of Healthcare! Me too
Solve problems? When? You guys only work 12 days this month. What can you doing 12 days?
It is bad!  Don't vote for it!
And stupid Illinoisans keep sending you back. No wonder that state is in such shambles.
Maybe just pass a bill requring states to provide a certain level of coverage and ket them work it out...
Thats putting it mildly!Repugs healthcare will kill off poor &elderly &sick!Tax breaks 4 rich!=More campaign funds!Period!Hello Reality 102!
Truth be told
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121

Tell your representatives to vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy “health care” bill.
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin.
#trumpcare #maga it won't ever work or pass
Thank you!
I do not want this bill. Rushing to get a healthcare bill passed just to get something passed is revolting & makes clear how little we mean!
@Rosie Thanks for defending us. I am an Illinoisan on Obamacare. I can't afford the premiums without it.
Let's hope Sent. McCaine casts the deciding "NO", For God's sake!
Im an IL voter 
I have voted for you since my first ballot punch. Continue to fight this bad Bill
so why are the crooked GOP republiKlans creating another problem with this same trumpcare crap again
They don't want to share with the needy, working poor or middle class but they take carloads of Russian bribes. Pence calls it, "freedom."
Thank you, Senator Durbin, for standing up for all Americans. I am your constituent from suburban Chicago.

Because I preexist I will B the ones that die NONE of these R for pain or mood elevated drugs Just a day in the life 
GOP seems 2 thrive on creating problems & hardships 4 the average to lower income ppl. GOP needs 2 go 1 way or another. Power of prayer?
All you do is give the people more problems.
@realDonalTrump It would behoove u to abandon your "bad hombre" stand for a minute and /to this short video and go to bat for our citizens
There's nowhere near sufficient emotion from Dems. Needs to be true rage in their opposition. Explicit shaming, personal attacks on GOP, etc
#holdthefloor #Holdthe
#SaveACA 
Thank you Senator
Thank you.
Stepping backwards is the sole agenda of the Trump administration. It's been all about destruction not growth.
If you didn't want to create problems then why'd you shove Obamacare down our throats?
First of all I am a catholic and I did not appreciate what you did by asking that judge that question.  You sir were out if line. Ugly soul.
#KilltheBill before it kills Americans. Call congress. 202-224-3121. Text Resist to 50409 #Resistbot and send free faxes to congress, too!
Healthcare should b a right not a privilege. Congress is sent there to help the ppl, but what I'm seeing there is greed. Lord Help us! @GOP
They want steps backward no matter what the cost. Try this: this bill, we have 50 death panels or this bill = gerrymandering of health
They have been creating problems for (recent history) the past 6 and 3/4 years. No to Obama, no to D MOC, no to ppl. They hate US as it is.
You are awesome!!!!
...but forward for hundreds of millions. Tell the truth Senator.
Amen!
When the Democrats regain control, every scrap of paper passed should have Obama's name on the law. Every. Single. Law. #Resist #TrumpRussia
You need to fight #GrahamCasiddy with every inch, ounce, and fiber of your being, @SenatorDurbin. This absolutely must not pass. #SaveACA
Or a Leap off a cliff...
Other than calling constantly,  what else can we do? The repeal of our current health plan will kill me, my bff Karen Brown will be so sad!
GET GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTHCARE...THAT WILL SOLVE PROBLEMS
Shut it down, Senator. Shut the Senate down. @SenSchumer
you guys better bring out your best and biggest moves to stop this garbage. This is no holds barred time.

Go @SenSchumer! https://twitter.com/thehill/status/909882749980422146 …
Senator Durbin, I honestly think it's time to drop the #SMARTech bomb.

Hastert and Smith alone is enough to derail.
Else, I'm sure there's enough on Hurricane Mari...a to make a splash & prevent anything else from making it through.

,
your constituent
I'm glad my state at least has two good Dem senators!

This bill is an abomination - please keep fighting the good fight for us!! 
You've done nothing but create problems. That's what you guys do best.
First off it's not Trumps bill . So don't lie . Second why not work together because your not . It's not getting done cause of that reason
ObamaCare caused problems for twice as many as it helped.
You are a problem Dick!
You like communism ?  Everyone wants the governments to take care of all your needs.
No you all creat problems because your party didn't win!!!!!!!
So draft IMPEACHMENT process. Enough talk, it's all you guys do! Be part of the solution not the problem!
It's time to support @SenBernie's Medicare for All bill!
Half of the country never wanted Obamacare.
Buddy, you're delusional.  Like your Hilary, praying to that Blame Cross.  Just so weak.
Thank you for standing up for healthcare!  Please add #TeachingHealthCenters to the list!
Thanks for fighting for medical care. But stopped spending trillions on the military.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for standing up for those of us who need healthcare the most
Thank you Senator Durbin. Please keep fighting it is appreciated by many of us.
The Americans ppl voted ur socialist self out of the majority for a reason. #aca being one of the big ones
What are you talking about, your whole career has been built on creating problems.
Stop focusing on Americans.  Only focus on illegals like a good Democrat. #DACA
Thank Senator Durbin! Keep fighting - you've got our support!
#Democratsareoutoftouch
Thank you, Senator.
Please stand up senator and do everything to stop republican destruction of America.

Talk about the elected repubs on the Russian payroll.
There is NO Trumpcare just REPEAL ObamaCare.
Learn FACTS: Milton Friedman: HC n a Free Market:
https://youtu.be/-6t-R3pWrRw 
@HCOnlineCourses
You definitely shouldn't vote yes on it. Unless you want kgb care.
No such thing as Trump care tweets like this one ruin your credibility
how do we know the people sent you there? How do we know you election wasnt fraudulent like trump?
This has got to be stop Republicans need to come out and tell people what they are doing this is so wrong
Support Medicare For All! Now please! We will win it, the faster the better.
Just another CONgress Member serving/protecting crony capitalistic interests over that of The People. BOTH PARTY'S SUCK.
Let's stop treating Sen Graham as some kind of level-headed, straight-talking truth teller. His true self is on display
But DICK y'all haven't done squat but grab a free paycheck
Repeal or get voted out.
Save your breath these assholes in Washington don't care - they are inhumane - Durbin and Duckworth are evil evil people
They Took bribes from AJ Wilhelmi to keep ACA paying doctors all the fucking money they want - CORRUPT POLITICIANS
Look up who AJ Wilhelmi is and how much money he paid Duckworth Durbin and Congressman from Illinois to keep this ACA going THEY ARE CORRUPT
But you are not solving any problems. You only create them.
Then what's your plan.  Must repeal.
We Have To Stop It ROS
Senate please don't try to push something through so you look good for reelection bid in 2018
