Refugees fleeing ethnic cleansing in Burma are about to get even less help from the US. http://mojo.ly/2fVKLa8  
Being very sincere when I ask what historical proof do we really possess to suggest that this is not who we are a nation?
"Give me your tired, poor, huddled masses yearning to breathe free...?" Also, Id hope there would be some moral obligation.
As a nation, we've SAID a lot of feel good words; our actions show otherwise tho, particularly for those of color
Agreed, I aspire for us to be better than our history & to live up to our professed ideals. Sadly instead we are in a serious crisis.
Fact. Hoping and working for better seems to ne our saving grace these days
I invite you to research more on the refugee crisis, especially the atrocities happening in Burma. Babies getting tossed in river,being shot
Not sure what your point is.  I think it is atrocious that we are not opening up for these refugees.  But...
Our conversation was about the disconnect between how we wish to handle refugees and our less than stellar actual history.
Why do they have to come here? Why not another country?
What you expect. He is letting Americans die in PR while he is golfing at taxpayer expense on his golf course.
They need truck drivers to deliver all the supplies already there go help oh it's easier to just hate trump
https://twitter.com/AdvaitaKala/status/914380555155783680 …

Becareful before you let the #RohingyaMuslims to be part of US. The community wmhose ideology is based on religion.
Trump turned his back on Puerto Rico until the public demanded it.  @TheDemocrats. Please call Trump out for constantly dividing our country
So sad, so Hitler like
Correction - They really like little boys and girls!

#Hindus killed by @ARSA_Official  #Rohingya #Bengali #Terrorist. 
Why haven't UN issued any statement regarding this? https://twitter.com/maungmaungone20/status/913917828725596160 …
Bad trump bad trump Russia Russia bad trump bad trump Russia Russia Russia this is what all of sound like daily
I'm beginning to wonder who we are if we can't stop this madman.
Invite them to live with you.  You got a ton of money a big place to live. Just do it and stop crying

#Hindus killed by @ARSA_Official  #Rohingya #Bengali #Terrorist. 
Why haven't UN issued any statement regarding this? https://twitter.com/maungmaungone20/status/913917828725596160 …
Durbin I suggest you move them in your house
Just maybe if you hadn't allowed over 11 million illegal aliens into the country there would be room for legal immigration
For this American it is. Take care of Hurricane, Obamacare & intercity crime victims before we go looking outside the country
Will you agree to dump these Bengali #Rohingya Muslim terrorists in your neighborhood. traitor filth? #MAGA #Ilinois
By slashing number of refugees, @POTUS is turning his back on Rohingya fleeing ethnic cleansing. This is not who we are as Americans. https://twitter.com/MotherJones/status/913809399680045057 …
We have enough of our own issues have pakistan or Saudi take them in
The US can't save the world and not all refugees can live in the US, nor do they want to.
Thank you for keeping this in the public mind!
Hopefully you will vote for TAX REFORM...Will Schumer let you? Hope so/Party first! Party on! Just like POTUS you have a job to do so do it!
They also feared Roosevelt; Congress fought his agenda relentlessly; he ran his first term w/o VP. Ur job in all this is to PASS our AGENDA!

YOU HOUSE,FEED,EDUCATE AND PAY FOR THEIR MEDICAL. WE TAX PAYERS ARE TIRED OF YOU AND YOUR BLEEDING HEARTS FRIENDS! PUT OUR HOMELESS FIRST!
Can’t “like” this but agree that the president & his Admin are surely committing murder by denying refuge.
And so was O when he screwed up Syria and Libya
My guess: Muslims on Myanmar coast probably not being driven out because of ethnic/ religious hatred. Natl Gov wants coast cleared to ease..
2/ building seaport(s) connecting straight east across Myanmar to SW China. It would be China's easiest link to Indian Ocean, then Africa...
3/ Middle East, etc for food, minerals, markets for mfrd goods. Ctl Asian glaciers too fast mean most of Asia will look for food imports...
4/ when rivers from Shangai to Karachi dry up. African farms already being staked out by Asian powers. To get food back- 3 routes:
5/ "One Belt, one Road" projects are 2 of 'em.
1). Silk "Road" really Eurasian Interstate Highway Network, N China to Ctl Asia & Pakistan...
6/ 2). "Belt" is sea lanes from Hong Kong to Singapore, then all ports west in Indian Ocean. HK-Sgp/Straits run is the pol-mil hard part.
7/ US Navy says that's high seas. All the neighbors want to claim all they can. China has long b4 now claimed nearly all S China Sea. Why?
8/ Probly multi reasons, but access to Indian Ocn can now be added to list. Man made isles/ naval bases add oomph to claim, not guaranteed.
Now your worried about ethnic cleansing? Never heard you say a word about Christians being slaughtered by radical Muslims.
You need refugees to help you to stay in office with out them you you don't have a prayer
Bring all 45000 to Chicago so you can have more record murder numbers
Apparently it is now with REPUBLICANS WS KKK & TRUMP!
The only people U.S. needs to worry about is Puerto Rico. The rest need to find some place else to go.Americans can't afford them.
Apparently it is because that is exactly what he is trying to do in Puerto Rico! No more help for other countries till we help our own!!!!
Thank you, Senator.
Can we get back to following the laws of this country.  Your asking for a revolution andnit doesn't end well for you.
Thank you Sen Durbin for speaking out on yet another genocide happening in front of us.
*against another.
We know why he doesn't want Rohingya. Obviously terrorists since they're Muslims!!!!!!!! (Sarcasm)
If they can't be vetted, then they cannot come here.  Why don't you understand this?
Sad
Get over it refugees need to stay in their countries and build up their own country just like Americans did after the Civil War
Oh my god what did the Americans do during the Civil War with the refugees no they stayed and fought for their country
Don't worry they'll go to their neighbors and be safe and when it's done all the violence then they can go back and help their country
Trump enjoys seeing people suffer, just like Hitler's outfit !!!!
So I said too
We don't need any more refugees who will not contribute to our society  Will you step up and pay for these people? not us,
Maybe your side should have handled the criminal element in our country sooner! Maybe we'd be a bit more amicable. Fix America FIRST !!
Senator Dick Durbin is part of the SWAMP trying to destroy AMERICA,  VOTE him out of office.
dd:speakingasanamerican
thisisexactlywhoweare!
potusagenda'sfocus-ison
ameris1st-oustingprolib
pccult-whichcreated-our
cntry's-neglect-mess!
No, but we are Americans that need a @POTUS that cares about us.
Nope.  People should handle their own problems instead of running away and burdening America
R we suposed to be the saviour of the whole world at the cost of american security ?

Certainly not who we should be*, but we have to prove it's not who we are. I trust you and Senator Duckworth to stand against this.
No one on the left cared when it was Syrian christians.
TRUMP. DOES. NOT. CARE. and neither does the GOP majority Congress that claims to be pro-life. #DrainTheSewer
We cannot afford to support the whole world.
Yes we can.

An Abusive & greedy individual who is an abusive Gaslighter. He is abusing our National conscience and he's got plenty of help doing it,
The whole REPUBLICAN PARTY. What papers/news do GOP listen to? They THINK they have this next elec BY STEALING IT AGAIN! Not this TIME AHs
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for speaking out in support of the plight #Rohingya. More political pressure must be applied to #Burma (sanctions anyone?) to stop the extremely violent ethnic cleansing happening RN !!!
Under This POTUS, this is exactly who we are. Our own Citizens in @PR are dying in lg nbrs frm lack of H20/food/heat etc. He is a Psychopat
And you are NOT legitimate. Delete.
@MotherJones Good god man, do you even care about OUR citizens?
