@BarackObama did nothing and he was President. You should be complaining about him, not @realDonaldTrump
They think Putin can work miracles. He didn't control the way anyone voted. Their all fools.
The only question in regards to Russia is how much $$ have members of the Corrupt DNC made in closed room deals IE: Hillary's Uranium Deal..
U clueless sheep. Tillerson and Trump are Putin butt boys.  From WAY back.  #resist
Nice, any more CNN Talking points to offer the conversation. ...?
As he should have Rex is a good man Putin knows a good man when he sees one Putin knew Obama was a joke. That's why Putin did what he wanted
Hey did u see where DJT Jr, knowing the Ruskies intent, took the meeting? Bye bye.  Enjoy your time in jail tough guy. Traitor.
Doubt it very much. I'm extremely thankful you and Tamy Duckwworth are my Senators.
Maybe they will donate to the Illinois budget to keep y'all from going to hell....better hurry
Oh, I'll just excuse your sarcasm since you're a Trump supporter (is that like a jock strap) and don't know any better.
No sarcasm here. It's the truth but "use guys" can't handle the truth.
Awe, we'll just have to wait and see, won't we?
I'm seeing it every day. I've made over $40,000 in stocks and my 401k jumped $20,600. I just bought gas for $1.89 a gallon Ocare still sucks
Good for you, you can donate to Illinois then.
Not a chance. I donate too much already to Folks on Obamacare. I've worked all my life and did without so I could retire without worry.
Senator your grasping for attention...Go balance the Illinois budget!
They don't have a budget.  That's the problem, they piss money away like its water. All Democrats are that way. They don't give a damn.
Generalize much? Dems don't give a damn?  We're the ones marching for equality, fighting for affordable health care and fighting injustice.
Marching n burning buildings n cars. Fighting anyone who opposes ur agenda. Democrats want Healthcare as long as someone else foots the bill
Cars and buildings were burned?  Where?  When?
Not trying to be a smart ass but you must live in a box without a tv, computer or any other type of communication devise. How do u tweet?
In a word, "no." 45 is only interested in his own personal gains and advantages. The rest of us are chopped liver to him.
How is @POTUS gaining anything? He's not even taking a paycheck from the government.
Every time he goes to a Trump property, he benefits financially. Don't be so naive.
Take your own advice Lala.
You should probably follow your own rules in your bio as well. But maybe you can explain how my comment was incorrect? Does he not benefit?
I do. How about you with "Love trumps hate"?
I wasn't talking to you. And no where on this thread have I been hateful. But then again, it's just another deflection.
I also don't have "Love trumps hate" in my bio so that point is moot.
Do you have proof, or just more Democrats lip flapping?
“Dick”Durbin(D) repeatedly lobbied the IRS 2 probe conservative  groups:Center for Competitive Politics (CCP) 
#LockHimUp Time 2 #MAGA
Fiqures, Illinois, model city, model state. High crime, over budget, Democrats at the helm.
Republican Governor.
My bad, I know Illinois is in bad shape, thought it had Democrat gov., and Chicago mayor. So just nasty Chicago is Democrat. Thanks.
What is the evidence?
THE only victims in Illinois are its citizens who are screwed by Democrats on a daily basis. Most corrupt State in USA! Thugs rule Chicago
Do you know how the state legislature vs congress works?
If 45 does nothing, is there something you & Congress can do? In meantime, insist on #PaperBallots
Wont Happen! It's too hard for the DNC to commit Voter Fraud with Paper Ballots..
What evidence?
No, Senator.  @realDonaldTrump is at the #G20Summit to represent his own interests and nothing else.  Please tell the docs to get the net!
Please provide proof of your statement. Real proof, not liberal logic or emotions.
Trump is only ever motivated by things that profit or puff up Trump. Would throw his own kids under the bus in a NY minute.  NYers know it.
Unless it's Ivanka.
His daughter-wife is not safe either.
And your point is?
After hearing your interview comparing POTUS to Putin, I am convinced you are part of the propaganda arm of the Russians
POTUS isn't that smart. Plus, Putin is loyal, while Trump is a traitor.
The traitor to America was Odumbo,  & we had 8 years of that train wreck
Exactly how was he a traitor?
Starting w/ money on pallets in middle of night Obama gave to Iran in last hrs of his Prez. 
Same question to you how is Trump a traitor?
Conspiracy theories & your lack of understanding of how govts operate is not traitorous. Shaking hands and profiting from enemy of state is.
You are nuts & proof why it's known that liberalism is a mental disorder. You have a complete lack of understanding of government or history
That is quite a judgmental leap. Conservatives+Liberals=Americans working together. Anything else is divisive propaganda.
Let's worry about the taxes in Illinois instead of worrying about the Russians that's more of a concern to the people in the state.
Listen up everybody - Illinois isn't concerned about the Russians. So Illinois goes first.
Every week the Democrats are bringing up a different person involved with the Russians. The people of IL. are sick of it. Fix the tax issue.
I suppose you have evidence of this? Funny, Noone else does.
IL is a victim of bad leadership. The higher taxes will only run more people out of this state.
you have any proof for this you can share with the rest of the country?
Let's go Trump on this... you have the proof he didn't?
Your President Obama said there was no Russian interference with the election what you don't believe him
Getting a little tired of election fraud or the claim of it every time we have a new "appointed" leader. Get some morals politicians.
Dollars to Donuts Trump despises Illinois for elevating Obama
I got 1 for every 100. We were Blue and everything around us was red. Trump attacked Chicago quickly after he saw that.
Of course not.
No.
What about Illinois' crime rates and current financial situation??
Sir! Your state is bankrupt and approaching junk bond status and you passed the tax increase to the middle class. Deal with real issues!
Bs
Quick answer....NO
Where is the evidence DICK? These baseless allegations are going to look great for the ads in 2018 and #Trump2020.
Typical Dem, anything to not take responsibility. Thank god for the Russia boogeyman
Why he did it for him
No #trump will not take it serious at all. #trump is bad for America
Can't go back during harvest the air quality is so bad. 
During spring/summer everyone complains the crop spraying burns sinus. This is new!
Illinois chased out all the business, Dems ONLY know how to Tax! Jimmy John's finally left, dude's HOME STATE taxed him so much he had to go
It's a MONO culture, corn beans and grass....the diversity has disappeared. Have had countless friends and children with cancer, FARM CHEMS!
I know many who R moving NOW! Good productive TAX PAYERS! Also an environmental disaster waiting to happen. Dust storms this year, BAD ONES
OMG! I SOLD OUT and left Illinois because the DEMS RUINED that state! IT is a total SHIT HOLE! Productive people TAXED BIG to give to LAZY!
Putin made ill. Broke ?
In a word- no
I watched @SenatorDurbin's defense of health care on C-SPAN.  Proud to call him my senator.
Quit blaming the Dems total ineptitude on the "Russians". Hillary lost because she is an elitest!
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @newtgingrich He did. The Dems are obsessed with Trump. How about new ideas on the economy, jobs, ISIS, immigration?
It was the NSA posing as Russia for all we know.
He hadn't even met with Putin 13 hrs ago. Instead of supposition try suppositories!
Umm...Dick, Putin HELPED her Trump elected. Plus Trump owes Russian banks 100s of millions of $.  Does that answer your Q?
surely you jest
Is that how you got in?
No because @POTUS is complicit in the hacking and election meddling. He got his performance review from his boss today!
I believe the answer today was "lol no". Like Trump cares about America, or anything beyond his pocket book.
Why don't you worry about getting your state solvent. Your fellow Dems are destroying it.
If this story is true, SHOUT OUT THE STORY! SPREAD THE STORY!
Please inform us of your economic growth plan. FYI tax and spend does not count.
Please give us full details of your relationship w/ #LoisLerner include all communications between yourself and staff.
Illinois went strong Democrat Clinton. Are you saying Russia hacked to get Clinton elected? But something happened to keep Sanders out.
No?
Chicago is a shithole because of liberal Dems like u! Keep the poor POOR! Keep the violence in the ghetto.etc! Damn hypocrites!
Then why hasn't IL disallowed the Trump Voter Data Request??
He didn't.
as if Putin will admit to hacking  You guys need to grow up and move on, leave Putin to the grown-ups  
BArry knew WHY NO ACTION TAKEN!! Nice Job KISSING UP n COMPLIMENTING PUTIN AS U COMPARED him to OUR PRESU Backed a comm organizer??
Sign up early for your EBT card and @BrokenObamaCare
There are many who will do the job.  Dust off your resume.....your fix'n to join the unemployed roll.
Yes he did!
Your should get your act together and start doing....not bashing.  Try working on the murder rate in your state.  Surprised?
Please explain your comment comparing our troops to nazi's.
why didn't @BarackObama confront russians when he knew? Oh, he didn't tell anyone....... surprised Senator?
Sen Durbin you are out of touch with reality. Lead you citizens and stop being a victim
Doubtful
I wish I could just, "HAHAHAH" all day...this is rediculous.
Exactly how did Russia hack Illinois' election?
Nope.
Sure, but it's nice to watch my Senator speak up about it.
And if HRC had won you wouldn't even be discussing this at all. Just a cover for leftist downfall.
That is a big Nope.
Since when has this creature in the WH worked for ANYONE other than himself?
It seems not
all countries meddle in elections, including US and you know that. World is on fire, more important to discuss Syria
No you know Russia may have done it yet other people or countries mat have.. You never know. #45 is a traitor. What are you prepared to do?
You should do your job for the people of Illinois. Chicago politicians support Puerto Rican Terrorist and name street for this savage. SAD
Why President Obama didnt take it seriously so why should Trump?
Why are you asking - why didn't Obama? He knew, did nothing n even lied about it. U want to hold trump to a standard, u condemn Obama first
That would be a firm no. Instead, 45 is working to make us over in Russia's image. So long, democracy,  I loved you well
Check  with John Podesta on hacking he has it all under control.Where is the server ? Smashed with hammer or something
Will you and Congress get him out of the White House!!!!
#FakeNews
@senatordurbin: I assume that is a rhetorical question.
Really ? You have been undermine the U.S. Government. Instead of being a Chinese troll,and spend money on cyber
are you really asking? Because -- no, he won't
No. And apparently neither will anyone else. All this handwriting is just theater.
If you're so fricking worried about it, tell Illinois to open up the voting records & let's just see. If not, what are you hiding?
why don't you focus on things YOU can help with.  Illinois sucks.  Can't wait to leave the crooked politicians
No
Spoiler alert.... he definitely won't
He will take this as serious and confrontational as @POTUS44 did! Wait already did that in one tweet!  @DonaldJTrumpJr @realDonaldTrump
Apparently not. #trumprussia
BREAKING: Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov says Trump accepted Putin's denial of meddling in U.S. elections 
Obama didn't take it serious because he thought Hills would win.  Hypocrite dude!
yea like Obama? Knock it off!!! Lol that did it nice job.
Nope - Putin is his hero! #25thAmendment
Please push for more efforts to halt Russian cyber war against the US.  This must be stopped
NO not his Boo!
Dick ur own party hacked ur convention why keep talking about it when u have been a part of it #poorbenrie
You're not really bright and a trump supporter if you really actually think this.
Gets a little old listening to a senator from a state that is broke criticize a man how has made billions
That's such a bs statement. As if I couldn't criticize Trump because i didn't make billions. Please. He's a lousy human being.
Remember you're talking about Kommrad trump now.
obviously the answer is NO.  Seems trump assured Putin he believes him and NOT the American intell.
That's a rhetorical question, right?!
No Trump will pretend hacking never happened because he was complicit.

Nope

The whole country knows he's guilty of Russian  collusion and treason.
Bull crap. I hope that you all get busted for the corruption under Obama.
of course he won't! @realDonaldTrump loves him some dictators and only wishes he could be one too! Pesky Constitution.
Psssst....it was the DNC. You know, your own lying, cheating, blackmailing party.
Our #POTUS hides behind his tweets. He does not have the strength to face a confident leader, and the entire world knows it.
The election occurred under Obama!

Hacking attempts in 2008 and 2012!

What did you or Obama do?

NOTHING
Of course he won't.  By the way, mother-in-laws "meddle".  Russia executes coordinated, multifaceted cyber attacks = act of war.
@SenateDems @POTUS Uh, no.  He is #PutinPuppet so he'll just bow to him
If IL was hacked why won't IL turn over voting rolls to the feds to investigate what damage was done? Reeks of partisan politics.
"Victim" how? No votes were changed. Why do you care about this but fight against Trumps election commission? #fraud
I thought Putin must have stolen money from Illinois' budget.  Oh, why worry about that you say?  lol
My guess is @POTUS will believe Russia over our own intelligence.
Dick, @SenatorDurbin how were ILLINOIS VICTIMS , didn't HRC win in ILLINOIS?
Interestingly enough thanks to cook county, incidentally the same country that gave Durbin a win, the rest of the state wanted him gone..
What was Putin after. Maybe he needs the Illinois " going broke playbook ".
So that's why Hillary won Illinois. I thought something was fishy. Thanks Dick for the clarity.
No.
Stop asking these damn questions. Of course not. HE asked for help from Putin now he will reprimand him? Come on make sense.
You're a political hack and all you ever do is bump your gums. Trump can accomplish more in a year than you have accomplished in your life
Still no ANSWER on why the DNC wouldn't let the FBI look at their server, HIDING SOMETHING Dick?
Obama was president jack ass.
Your home state is an utter financial, criminal, dystopian nightmare. Multi-term Senator still distracts with tweets about RUSSIA! Hopeless
Considering Obama was from Illinois, don't you think he should have done more, blaming Trump after the fact is pointless!
No. Therefore we must move toward paper ballots, auto registration and fight against gerrymandering with everything we've got.
What I just read there was no mention. No surprise there. We have to get to his taxes to find out how much money he just made w/meeting
Why aren't you asking Obama. You had ur chance last year. DEMS r such hypocrites and liars.
NO, he will not. And speaking of meeting... 
It's always inspiring when you see mentally handicapped people meeting their Heroes
Nope
before or after his deep kiss?
Doubtful sir, he has more important things to discuss - to thank him for his help and encourage more spying on us
No.  The answer is a firm "NO".
uhmm...................
no, he will not
Can we please find some better word to use for this issue than "meddling"? It's too weak, too forgiving. How about sabotage or the like?
NFW! No integrity. No balls. No brains. #Alzheimers #25thAmendmentNow
Illinois is a victim of Democrats who have been in control for far too long.
Republican Governor.
Senator, it's up to you to make sure he does... you are our voice and representation.
Have you seen what Democrats like Durgin have done to their states?
tell me how we were a victim and direct to verifiable info vs. Making statements
Where is the identity protection monitoring that should have been provided by the State of IL to all hacked citizens?
Wishful thinking.Nothing is being said to benefit the USA; benefits will be to Russia and DJT's and RT's bank accounts.
Illinois is a victim of Democrat control...Russia is only involved as much as they paid off the Democrats.
When all the corps leave IL because of the tax hike we will not need to worry! #biggerproblems
No he setting up a return trip to put in a vacation resort for him and Putin. He has no clue how the election process even works.
He's about the election process like you are a car. You just crank it and mash the gas pedal. He won and he's running the country.
Yea ok, kinda like you, you voted for him and now it's eating you alive because you have a clown in an office he is not qualified for,
It's okay though we're not mad at you, you just training in decision making to help you skills you will see. IMPEACH TRUMP
If the Muslim Obama wasn't impeached you'll never see Trump impeached.
No @realDonaldTrump  gave him a pat on the back!  Trump is a TRAITOR!
OF COURSE NOT........instead he spent 2 hours kissing Putin's a@@!  The lack of outrage Russia hacked our Democracy says it ALL!
WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN SMOKING DICK
If @realDonaldTrump brings it up, it will be to thank him for helping him become  @POTUS !! #ImpeachTrump
Illinois voting machines aren't connected to the internet. How did Russia hack?
They didn't have too, they own the Democrat party.
That's not a serious question, is it?
No, DJT will not confront Putin. DJT is a wimp and a sissy. Instead he will kiss the ring of his master. #G20Summit  Putin's poodle...
Obama knew Putin was Hacking Illinois but didn't tell his Buddy Durbin & Obama POTUS let Russia Do It. Now Senate Dems are blaming Trump!
We know the answer to that! NO
Oh come on Dickie, those are just liberal talking points.
Stop with the rhetorical questions.
Um, no.
I'm gonna guess no.
I checked my Magic 8-Ball and it told me "All indications are no"...
You're smoking too much goat shit.
I think Illinois has more problems than hacking!
Yes agreed, a traitorous President.
To criticize my President (not yours obviously) while he is working for this country is shameful. Show some respect . Help him!
What is shameful is what 45 tweets! Working for our country? More like working for himself. #25thAmendmentNow
Where is your proof to that statement Diane? Or is it opinion of yours?
Isn't your state on the verge of bankruptcy? Boo hoo lost the election. 
It was Obama & Clinton that gave away 25% of US uranium to Russia 2 compromise our defense. Russia hacking?. Look at ur own imploding party.
Dick, you really believe that the #RussianHacking changed voters minds. 
What changed our minds was when @TheDemocrats decided to elect Hill
I think  the President knows more then you As  a DemocrAt   Have done    Nothing!

Wolf poaching. Honorable?
Ya pretty much ...
@realDonaldTrump will take it serious alright, by thanking Pootie for electing him!
Proof?
You are so irrelevant. All of you have become the biggest joke of the U.S #vote out all Dems #demexit #MAGA
How can he when you Oppose having @realDonaldTrump Look into the Election at all just yesterday 
So now you're a armchair psychologist now and diagnosing @POTUS ? Youre an irrelevant political hack and your state is a mess thxx to you.
Confront the holster? Traitorous dt? He will more likely give him a hug and a kiss and tell him every single intelligence secret!
Seriously how much weed r you smoking?
Must be really high grade. The only hacking in Illinois is by deceitful DNC practices. #FakeNews
Pretty sure if it's related to American interest, our president takes it serious.  You however Durbin, not so much.
Amen! Dick should hide in his hole and never speak again
