We need an Education Secretary who will stand up for American's students, educators, and schools — not corporate and #4profit interests
Betsy DeVos is unqualified to be Secretary of Education, and I do not support her nomination
Thank you to tens of thousands of Illinoisans who called, emailed, sent letters, and tweeted — your voices were heard
Too bad more senators aren't listening...  #NoDeVos
Thank you Senator - please let us know how you are funded for your opinions on education!
: You lost. Again.
Thank you for standing up for public education. (And thanks to all your staff working late for the filibuster!)
Didn't work WE WIN AGAIN ! DeVos is in !!!!!
Thank you!
@Roodhouse @ieanea literally every democrat needs to vote against her
anybody who cares about children and our future does!
.@SenatorDurbin @ieanea what else are you doing to oppose? Would like to see active discussions with GOP sens to put NO vote over edge
thank you she not fit 4 job
Thanks, Senator! The Dems will need to pick their battles; this is one such occasion.
thankYOUfor opposing @BetsyDeVos what are you doing to convince the @SenateGOP to #StopDeVos Our children deserve better!
@Mme_LeBrun @ieanea Thank you, Senator. #noDevos
Thank you for taking a stand against Betsy DeVos!
Thank you Senator! Thank you IEANA. Find us one more rogue Republican!
Thank you!!! 
~60641
Good job senator!
Thank you for your vote against @BetsyDeVos. Now please convince #republicansenators to do the same
Thank you Senator Durbin. Continue to promote sanity in DC
you need to be voted out. You are a crotchety old man that's part of the problem with Illinois getting a financial downgrade
go betsy. You will be confirmed
thank you Sen Durbin from an Illinois voter! #Resist
thank you
thank you
Thank you Senator. DeVos is truly a danger to the education system.
thanks for your opposing other nominees that aren't qualified too! #blockdevos
thanks for your inspirational words today at #gpa #Springfield #motivated
Thank you, sir!
Thank you for opposing Betsy DeVos.
Thank you Senator Durbin!
thank you, Senator
Thank you! DeVos must be stopped.
Thank you for your commitment to our public school @SenatorDurbin @ieanea #StopDeVos
thank you!!! You can't plagiarize answers and lead US Ed system, #1 rule not to break, and @BetsyDeVos broke it! #notodevos
You obviously didn't listen to the message I left with your aide. Unions matter over kids to you!
thank you from Chicago!
thank you
plz find a republican who feels likewise.
Thank you for opposing DeVos. Now who else do I need to bug?
@IndivisibleIL1 @ieanea It's a no-brainer!
Consortium for Educational Change took $7.5M grant from #BillGates -- CEC shares Lombard office with IEANEA. #DeVosFacts
@KottiPillar @ieanea thank you senator durbin she's not qualified
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you from me and my mom (retired teacher)
thank you for listening to ur constituents
Yeah "DICK".......like the current system is better the way it is....we need someone like DeVos to overhaul this crap
Thank you for standing up for our schools, educators and children!
Thank You!
go Senator go!  More power to you!
Thank you for opposing DeVos
right on senator keep it up
Thank you!!
Thank you for opposing DeVos, Senator.
we need more to do the same.
I used to like you until I found out you were an establishment Republican like Hillary Clinton
GOP should've led by example instead of blocking everything they possibly could for the past 8 years.
We're happy you declared that so we can vote you out.
I'm glad to see you oppose her and I'm also glad to see that I will be opposing you the next election in Illinois
Thank you, as your voice and leadership matters! We appreciate your time and support!
HI Mrs SENATOR .
