We won't stand for it we will both the GOP out of office and we will eliminate their party completely we hate them and what they stand for
Naturally they favor themselves over the rest of America.
We know this... Now DO SOMETHING TO STOP IT!!!  (Him)
No way
Resign.  You’re corrupt
Keep up the great work!
Thank you Senator Durbin.
Thank you for the truth Senator Durbin.
Fire 535 ppl that thata in congress THAT would be the best tax cut and rehire hard working
What about the large increase of people paying zero percent. You bypass this truth
Because they care......about millionaires
Wrong.  @TheDemocrats are one trick ponies. Identify politics and blame the rich.
Careful @SenatorDurbin we don't want to get too liberal and start losing elections.
Your parties tax plan is tax people who work to give it to people who don't work
I guess that’s your 37% base you’re taking care of @realDonaldTrump?
Uh that w/be 31% on aii other networks EXCEPT you got it! "Faux" News!
I haven’t checked. Down to 31%? Sweet!
Either way we r still by far the majority yet being held hostage by an illegit pres.corrupt GOP and 31-37% MWAGA idiots! Step on it! Mueller
Incorrect senator. When are you going to help out broke state?
When Trump gets 4 Billion in cuts Koch Brothers 34 Billion Walton’s 45 Billion working class
The wealthiest 20% pay 95% of all the federal taxes. How about bringing spending into line with the receivables.
Your liberal rhetoric is nauseating
Like always

Ummm no, that’s the Demoncrats policy. You did nothing for Blue Collar Illinois while coddling Illinois wealthy bigot !
Again, your math does not add up! After many deductions have ceased, a flat tax will force higher income people to pay more taxes.
Thank you.  I am a Jersey girl but I am mom to an Illini.  I admire your commitment to real people!
Smoke and mirrors he voted for the largest Illinois wealthy tax cut in history and  increased taxes on Illinois middle class here
Americans farmers trash men janitor the ppl that knows struggle the ppl that's family goes to fight for these ppl personal gain
If these corporations that are getting the big pay raises would be forced to increase pay for the workers I would be on board,
#TrumpTaxScam #NotOnePenny #TrumpLiesMatter #TrumpResign
Lets review some FACTS
Where bib you learn math.
Lmao dems are such elitists. They tried to get a 1%er elected president.
and what percent of tax revenue comes from the 1 percent. Duh, those who don't pay taxes probably aren't seeing a tax benefit
You only care about the giving more to the people who pay nothing so that they will reelect you.
Durbin is BIG FAN of Common Core NEW MATH!
That's the same argument democrats have been using for generations. Ask a citizen in the screwed up state of Illinois abt extra $4K to spend
He who pays most receives most.

What you Deceiving Dems call wealthiest, are WE small business owners who are horribly burdened by YOUR tax & spend policies... ENOUGH
Let’s our President do his agenda, let’s the man do it
70% of taxes are payed by 10% of the people
If you assume that money rightfully belongs to the government you are correct. I disagree.
And that 1% provides ~85% of the jobs in this country!
I'm not going to say that he is a liar; I'm just going to say that he is not telling the truth.
Your lying
Please help stop them @SenatorDurbin.

BOOM. CLINTON/Russia http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration …
We have to see your proof. I mean proof, not bullshit like this.
It’s obvious you do not understand economics at all except one thing take money from the working and give to those who don’t work
You Democrats gave the work away you send it overseas with your high taxes here in America
That’s a complete scam and lie. Lowering  the business tax rate to bring The work back to America is critical economically
Listen to Kansas!!  tax breaks at the top =RECESSION
Oh BS Dick.  You know it's false and the real reason  is you leftist don't want Americans keeping more of THEIR money.
If we do that, what the heck is left for the politicians to steal? Starve the feds let the states tax themselves.
We need senators like this in Nigeria. Only problem is that he would be dead be4 getting a chance to make this kind of speech.
But why do you care you have direct deposit every 2weeks paycheck paid by the tax payers to tells us the same rhetoric and tweets and vacati
Dick it would be nice to have a bigger paycheck And reduce Federal,State, County, Village Tax on Utilities and Cell phone Bills

NOT TRUE! Tax Policy Center used incomplete info to do their analysis Eliminating deductions will guarantee most benefits go to middle class
To high to get the ladder out see how great it will b
Us we will treat them like on 3rd bring back hemp and pot no one gets mad stoned stoners drive slow and you can make anything out of hemp
His but put all these ppl in jail till Remington can make enough silver bullets hell they want to act like vaps by sucking everything out of
Tell no one sex partners blood banks he said having hiv isn't a crime but in my eyes giving it to someone that don't have it is but not in
The govern in CA in jail till for things they have done fun fact CA just pass a law for ppl that have hiv if u know u have it u don't have
While our phones will b put on silent  bc we don't want to bother y'all so don't bother us I'll throw hillary bill Soros and more including
Then I can run for PRES. I will pull our troops back home meet with every leader and tell them the USA is going to take a time out for a
I know how to get us out of debt it's  guaranteed to work fire government and start over bc these ppl hasnt help our country and won't

Around and taking it back too help them all fail that's a great tax plan and no one is to big to fail so stop sucking d*** and do ur job
Europe  we don't respect no queen we the ppl don't fuck things up government does by sticking UR 2 cents in sad thing is y'all will turn
GOP = GREED Old Party
Lie much
Travel ban build our wall health care remove y'all from it bc we are the United States of America so stop forcing is to be like Canada
We the people's tax plan NFL Hollywood soccer may be next if they start taking a knee but help them all fail get rid of daca enforce the
With Deepest Respect, Idea  why don’t you go with it and if no good that will be all the more ammunition for Dems. & voters to vote him out
Despicable.
Fucking tell them!!!!
It sure is!
OH you know how to lie with a straight face.
@mwheaties !!!
@tedcruz @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump it is ok it is another failed attempt
When y’all @TheDemocrats finally start getting your messaging right, you will win again. A Better Deal is flat. Call @DonnyDeutsch he’s good
And the other 20% to the upper middle class.  The working class gets nothing. Middle class pays more.
Lies
Thank you Senator Durbin!!!!
Who pays 80% of the taxes Dick?
Washington doesn’t have a revenue problem, it has a spending problem. Reduce revenues going to D.C.
Because they want to give MORE to Those With More Than Enough #TWMTE & ONLY cruelty & misery to Those Without Enough They should be ashamed
Spreading propaganda
who pays all the taxes DOPE? Who employs everyone DOPE?
And the Democrats idea of tax plan is taking 80% of the benefits away from all Americans so we can all be poor
An across-the-board tax cut means those who pay most will get a larger cut than those who pay little (or none). Simple mathematics.
Trump plan Great For the 1% Rich
Yup. That one could file taxes "on a postcard" is irrelevant, misleading @SpeakerRyan.Let's talk about this movement of money to wealthiest.
0% 24kAnd below 12% up to 150k 50% increase in child tax care credit these are the rich?
True, but what are you going to do to prevent them?
And besides Durban there's more to Illinois then just Chicago That always needs bailed out
Benefits? You make it sound like the money belongs to the government
Don’t forget about the estate tax plan to help those desperate people with estates valued 5.49 million and over. How have they survived?
Estates shouldn't be taxed to begin with. Let people keep their money. Can't there be one thing Government doesn't tax?
Not to sure what's wrong with this! It is the American dream don't we all.want to keep are money to grow da!a
Funny how congres&senate use the same o rhetoric decade / decade while keeping real facts from public even after bill passes
We'll take it! Can't stop progress because you don't agree w/ distribution! After all, NO ONE agreed to fund terrorists, but Obama did it..
80% of federal income taxes are paid by 20% of us. What the fuck else do you want us to do?
You are #fakenews
That's a lie and you know it! You're referring tax break to corps so they can reinvest, hire more workers and grow. Tell the truth!!!!
Isn’t that argument getting just a bit tired?
Surprised? Only 80%?
If that's your interpretation...I'm for it
#MeToo
Hey dummie the 1% pay 75% of all the taxes.
He is no president he's an imposter
He’s not a Politician so he is raw give him a chance like we gave all the other duds and said nothing just voted them out Patriotic to do!
Senator you receive donations from the wealthy.
Politics of #envy Who pays the taxes in this country?
@msnbc @cnn @ap @Morning_Joe @hardball @variety @MLB Rufus T. Firefly (GROUCHO): "Of course my CLIENT is a CROOK. I'm his LAWYER aren't I?"
@dnc @HouseDemocrats @naacp @aarp @ANANursingWorld @politico In GREATEST generational THEFT in history, Trump STEALS trillions from MEDICARE
@RollingStone @Playboy @nfl Breaking news: "Trump to DESTROY 'Big THREE'" GROUCHO: "And we're not talking about the DODGERS pitching staff"
What a great plan...for the incredibly wealthy
When he put all billionaires in his cabinet, did you ever thing otherwise? We went from a small swamp to alligator alley!
Tell them, senator! They need to work for all of us, not just the donors.
Really it's only going from 39% To 35%
Liar liar pants on fire.
Go out and read about Trump's tax plan. Sen. Durbin is correct in what he is saying. Trump takes care of Trump 1st.
95% of Dow Jones is held by only 11% of the population. Grinding poverty on one hand and vulgar display of wealth on the other hand.
It always has been.
What, are you saying that the 1% doesn't work! For shame!
Lie
Stop Them Senator ROS
Would you give me your tax reduction? Apparently, you don't want it.
