President Trump wanted to hurt the Obamacare markets. The CBO says he succeeded. http://cnn.it/2fbyq4s  
Bipartisan effort to improve health care ongoing but Trump & some in @SenateGOP continuing 7 year crusade to destroy our health care system.
@GOP @DNC. This needs to be addressed since Trump's actions are in violation of the law.
Can you site this law he is violating please?
Article 2 of the Constitution.
Trump said publicly that he will let the ACA fail.   Trumps words matter or don't they matter?
Meaning he will sabotage it!
Started by reducing money for advertising and shortening signup period.
Yep, they are pure evil
Yes! Total disregard for American lives by a sitting President. #POTUS is deliberately assaulting us. A surreal reality!
We need a bill that covers everyone. Including pre existing conditions. No Medicare cuts!
This guy has no allegiance to ANYONE - literally. Not Americans. Not Repubs. Not Dems. Not wives. NO ONE. Perhaps maybe Ivanka,but doubt it.
You know the Democrats didn't care how many of us working people lost our insurance when Obamacare took over
And Money. Recall, no cuts on Medicare/Medicaid, no cut on ACA, no big Tax cut Super Rich. It's coming down unless we stop it. We can, will
Here's what happened when senator (BURR) challenged a Canadian doctor on their single-payer health care system.
She is lying.
The more socialist you go, the more me and my constituents by guns and ammo.
For the record: GOP can't attack and undermine the CBO by saying they aren't good at predicting coverage/people...this is ALL about NUMBERS.
Sorry sir, but Republicans started tarnishing CBO's credibility ONLY when it came to number of people enrolled. They made that distinction.
False.
CNN is a joke.
It is so inhumane it should be criminal -- sabotaging ACA.
How much is your premium?
$600mth, afraid it's going up
Learn from people who deal with facts not PC-BS:
Milton Friedman on HealthCare in a Free Market:
https://youtu.be/-6t-R3pWrRw 
@HCOnlineCourses
You have proof Trump is trampling on his Oath of office and to the Constitution. Vowed to uphold the rule of law. #ACA is law of the land
#ACASabotage


dick is a former
Dick is a forgotten pain in the butt, He is nothing,
We must stop this tyrant from destroying the US #Resist
.@realDonaldTrump would jail his own children and kill millions of Americans if it makes his life easier. Totally unfit for any position.
.Still waiting @DickDurbin to hear that you are SUPPORTING #MedicareForALL which has been  PROVEN around the to have better outcomes!...
This should be political people dying in the streets

Reminder
We are not Russia, We are not North Korea, We are the people of the United States of America!! We bow to no Dictatorship or King!
Reminder: WH regime is sabotaging every dept of our government.
To many died for us to be FREE, we will not fall to a tryant!!
Stand up!! Be Loud!! Protect ACA!! Protect Freedom!! Protect the USA!! #NoDictatorship #Freedom
Ass....POTUS, is A Man Demon! Trump has Spoiled KARMA...His reward is HELLFIREEternal punishments!!!
What else to expect from a racist who hates everything Obama put in place? Main reason Obama represents what he hates: Blacks
My healthcare, that I work for, is not as good as a welfare queen that doesn't work. How is tgat right?
Those of us who work are forced to subsidize the healthcare of those who refuse to work. In what world is that fair?
Shame is none of u talk about the effects ACA had on the healthcare of working people. Premiums doubled, copays & deductibles skyrocketed
@TheDemocrats @CNN Reminder: #Medicare4All crusade now is distraction from fixing #ACA & gives Repubs chance to kill it.
This is fucking criminal.
Every time Trump joins the Senate Dems should say in unison "You Lie, You cheat!" Hey, Wilson said it to Obama so it must be ok.
Please do not use the @POTUS Twitter account when referencing the "so-called" president and #PussyGrabberInChief! He's NO Potus!
The vindictive,  petty President, angered by loss of Popular Vote,  hates Middle America,  Poor & anyone Different
I've known exactly what kind of game he has been playing all a long.  He's an easy read.
It's more than just healthcare .... the man is dismantling the country with the enablers who stand silently by & the noisy peanut gallery
I'm going for financial gain. The 1% can't get their tax cuts without the additional tax cuts from pulling millions of people's healthcare.
We must jam their phones!!!
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121

Tell senators vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill & no using kids as human shields.
.@realdonaldtrump   Obamacare plan is sabotaging itself & the voters responded in 2016.  Unaffordable will destruct. #MAGA

No, sir. BHO did that. He and the Democrats have also lied to us and wasted millions of $ on the false science of so-called climate change.
Note. He doesn't care. Neither do your Republican colleagues.
Republicans have reached a new low on working to screw over the most vulnerable in our Nation to keep a promise to corporations not People.
He wants to do anything that gets him a win.  Something he hasn't had since in office.
Cheeto McTwitterFingers needs to lead by example and commit to having the same healthcare insurance he's proposing for all Americans.
He doesn't care about anyone but himself & his money & breaking anything President Obama championed. He will be the ruin of our great nation
In direct & willful violation of his oath — to uphold US laws. The #ACA is law! 
#UpholdYourOath
#DoYourDamnJob 
@gop @TheDemocrats 
#Resist

What political gain?
He certainly is, Senator,  but why have you not announced your support for #MedicareForAll?  You are the Dem leader and it's time to lead.
Not surprised.  We must resist!
But how can it be for political gain when he is a MINORITY President espousing views most Americans do not agree with? @SenatorDurbin
Taxation is Theft! Stay out of healthcare
How much is your premium?
Eff @realDonaldTrump . Special place in hell.
#MedicareForAll got it? Give the people what they deserve.  Healthcare is a human right.
#EnoughIsEnough let's do this!
Look, how long will it take before everyone finally realizes I don't give a shit.
Evil
No he's not Dick,
And #Defund
#PlannedParenthood
#Now!
Too bad you can't relay to DT what we REALLY think of him for his cruelty, and obsession, with dissolving the ACA.  We need to deport HIM.
But, why is this news? He & GOP have said as much. If they can't repeal ACA they'd make it unsustainable.
What a great contribution....NOT If you want to brush everything the dumbass has said under the rug go to infowars or fox...Buh bye
Reminder, democrats are doing nothing to make sure he does not prevail or to let the public know.
Impeach!
We have no control over that. Silly issue currently, imo. Focus on #HealthcarenotWarfare.
And remember, Congress, that's a reason for impeachment. And not the only one either.
@SenatorDurbin will you please support #MedicareForAll?
It's not just Trump!  SOS!!!!  Our country is in trouble!  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Let's hope the accumulation of Trump's misdeeds results in his removal from the WH.
What's worse:millions share his evil sentiments&racist nature!America is unprepared for that which awaits it,but this monster will ensure it
The heath care system was already sabotaged Durbin, by a man who IS AN ACTUAL RACIST, Oblame-ah.
You can't shine a turd durbin, nothing to sabotage
If it's the law, is he breaking it?
Am the financial game of trumps friend and donors and GOP friends and donors.  Voters will not be amused
@DebdLun @POTUS @CNN   Speak Louder
#GOP sabotages the #ACA, by refusing to
- Fund subsidies
- Enforce mandates
- Treat it like insurance
- Stop interfering w/ it
#Sabotage
1/
Trump is also engaging in #Sabotage by killing funding for:
- #ACA ads
- ACA assistance
& cutting enrollment window to 6 weeks.
#Obamacare
Graham-Cassidy bill is the most imminent threat. Please make sure this bill dies. My grandsons lives could depend on this.

Why purposely sabotaging a law not a crime?
@realDonaldTrump  45 is a classless man who wants to be classy but every time he ever got chance, his damage genes get the best of him
Trump purposely sabotages healthcare for tens of millions of America because he did not get his way!
Wonder where he could have learned to do that.
You need to talk to your brothers on the other side of the force....good luck.
Trying to forget that mueller is about to get him
WHAT A LOSER!
How does this sociopath sleep at night? I'm guessing not very well since he's up at the crack of dawn spewing hate & mendacity
How about doing something about this too? Congress, do your job.
It was Obama who sabotaged our healthcare system with ObamaCare. Remember the lie about you can keep your doctor and plan?
I'm sure if big pharma stopped throwing money your way you would stop pushing this socialist agenda!
Stop with your over exaggerations! What is it you and all your Dems are doing? The same thing!! #hypocrite
He can keep spewing sulfur from his mouth  but America will not give up their Obamacare!!!!!!
Dana EHBs, many employer plans will be worthless.THE REPUBS WANT THE SICK TO DIE! Saves ins company money. Bigger bonuses for execs.Corrupt.
Yes, we are on to him by now.
Trump is a danger to Americans. Where are the decent GOP in congress? Are there any left? @LindseyGrahamSC
Can we impeach him now?
This loser Trump has to go this Misogynist hate the world is paranoid very dangerous all these phychiatrist can't be wrong gr him out now
Coming from the guy who equated Nazi death camps and Club Gitmo.
Reminder: @POTUS is sabotaging the health care of millions of Americans for political gain
Stop taking insurance mafia money in exchange for opposing #MedicareForAll. Stop being a tool and support American workers. #S1804
Isn't it his duty to enforce and uphold all laws? Affordable Health Care Act is a law.  So this means that he's violating his oath. #Impeach
Nope you are.
Sabotaging Obamacare, *again*! How much energy will it take this time? How much money has been wasted by Repub's on this fruitless quest?
Is it wrong to call Trump a white supremacist?
If Pigs could fly in Airplanes.
No Dick, that's what Obama, you and the rest of the lib's have done to health care. It was designed that way to increase govt control
The only thing worse than having no sense of right and wrong is knowing the difference, but ignoring it for political gain.
Outside of the Mueller investigation, can ANYONE stop this man and hold him accountable for anything? This should be a criminal offense.
#Medicare4All #SinglePayerSunday #SinglePayerNow
you sabotage health care by not reading the bill if you did you would have read that it was not sustainable just a step for single payer
This health care expert explains why Obamacare isn't 'failing, 
 it's being sabotaged'
By a peach and a bunch of clowns
He is in violation of his oath
And when T voters complain,like those in KY, neither Trump nor McConnell will be blamed. T. will blame Obama who really gave them KY care.
LIAR trump is a goddamned #wrecker, NOTHING positive for the people.
for political gain my ass.. he's on a petulant revenge mission to sabotage and eradicate anything & everything Obama did
Please release a statement about horrific #GrahamCassidy repeal bill.
He is also sabotaging American democracy, the US Presidency, The Republican Party as a whole, & giving 2 yo's on Ridlan a bad name
He wants to be remembered  as the infamous one ask  his buddies
#SaveLinda #FixObamacare
The @TheDemocrats and previous POTUS has already ruined the healthcare market
Please work to remove him from office - he is not fit and never will be...
Let me guess you're above doing things for political gain !
You dems should not have write and passed such a crappy law that failed after a few years. Maybe that was the plan? Campaign fodder
I'm curious as 2 how long base wll stick when they realize hlthcare has ben dissolved + th dessert of NO JOBS
Lies ........ and more lies it was already imploding and designed to fail you know it and so do most people. But keep putting out BS
Work on unemployment and bringing back good jobs to US then maybe folks won't need to rely on big government but that's w u want.
This ponzi scheme based HC needs to be overhauled! !
by not doing anything and letting it flounder... Republicans actually end up "owning" the issue - doing nothing is a deliberate act!
it's like when you *can* help someone but choose not to... you're partially responsible for the outcome b/c you could have done *something*
this is straight up politics and it's playing with people lives -- yes, life and death. Dems will WIN on this in 2018 if (R)s do nothing!
Durbin the liar continues false narrative. Americans remember last 2 years when ObamaCare was already collapsing & premiums sky rocketing
He's destroying America.
Omg what have dems done to help middle CLASS afford ins. 900 mo 6000 deduct is not affordable. YOU put this problem on is, fix it!
And how is it we dont stop him? Evidence is overwhelming he is meblntally unfit and only agenda is to harm USA. Time for IMPEACHMENT is NOW.
Reminder: Democrats passed ACA which sabotaged HC for lower mid/ mid class Americans long before @POTUS  was even a candidate for office.
You demorats have sabotaged healthcare from the start of obumercare! 300% higher premiums, $13,500 deductibles, it's not affordable!
Couldn't this be labeled a reckless disregard for life?
Boom!  #SinglePayer
How can the "President" do this? Doesn't Congress hold the purse strings?
Actually that was done by the previous president and democrats with no republican votes. Remember?
You & rest of Senate need to STOP them! STOP Repeal & Replace & fix the ACA! Or they will kill a family member when it ends! #SinglePayer
@tinaissa @POTUS @CNN there really had to be a hell!
Obamacare was never meant to work, just a prelude to single payer. Will you be getting the same health insurance as us?
A racist,sinister old man who hates Barack Obama with every ounce of blood in his wicked body.would say mind,but he doesn't have one
And you have sabotaged our country for 25 years Dick whats your point!
Great Question OK Durbin IS THAT WHY YOU SABOTAGED THE HEALTH CARE OF MILLIONSTHAT & TOTAL CONTROL  You are King of Sleeze
It's already sabotaged by the unaffordable health care.
AND YOU HAVEN'T BEEN "bought and paid for" for years? NOTHING STINKS WORSE...THAN A HYPOCRITE.  Turn to Jesus Christ before it's too late!
We have to contact those Republican Senators down south in Illinois and ask him not to vote for it this time.
@Lnonblonde @POTUS @CNN Another reason why I hate trump.
We have allowed an oligarch to penetrate what is so near and dear to us, which is our democracy.  How did this happen? 
You and your cohorts did that 8 years ago!
FUCK SOROS, THE ZUCKERS, AND THE DEEPSTATE FUCKERS ,CNN and the horse they rode in on---
Support @SenSanders #MedicareForAll bill Now!
Please help us spread the word re enrollment by joining @2018ACASignups, committed to getting word out for #2018Enrollment!
His ass need be locked up.
The only one guilty of sabotage is you and your Liberal cronie friends who represent only themselves & foreign immigrant interest.sick man
Provide evidence Dickie boy
Reminder: @SenatorDurbin doesn't care about the Constitution but is somehow still a senator.
Remember that the likes of Durbin, Schumer, Obama, Waxman and Pelosi brought you @BarackObama Care.  The lies have worn thin Durbin
So impeach him. #25thAmendmentNow
By not getting AFCA repealed? Put down the pipe dude.
Does it pay off in rubles too?
Please vote yes on Medicare for all
Thank God he did. Obamacare bigger disaster than CNN!
it's the Congress that's sabotaging healthcare...trump will sign anything they pass simply to claim a victory
Obama Tax Care did that Dick. Stop blaming other people for your F up! You destroyed ins. but you didn't want to live under it yourself!
Repeal #Obamacare and Replace with #MedicareForAll
#dump #ugly #sad #manboy #GrabHimByThePresidency
Oh shut up. Your current health care is so expensive people can't afford to use it
When will you offer a solution to #ACA issues? When will you cosponsor #MedicareforAll?
trump just wants to spite President Obama
President Obama was one of the worst presidents we had
DD is an idiot
Sorry, Dick, o'care is imploding on its own, because it made ZERO business sense. Single payer even worse. Ask the VA...
OK then, Senator; Why don't you step up and support universal healthcare with Senator Sanders? Senator Duckworth, where is your support?
Single payer health care will kill you in taxes. Not practical
Who voted for the unsustainable, expensive, destructive, choice-limiting ACA?
Obama care was failing long before @realDonaldTrump ! Talk to your Central Illinois Constituents Senator @SenatorDurbin about premiums!
Trump is violating his oath of office to faithfully execute the law. He has to go.
What are you even talking about? He ended the TPP, kicked transgendered soldiers out of the military, and soon sending DACA invaders home!
He's our best President since Eisenhower!
You're the expert on putting our health at risk, Durbin.
SDD stop throwing trash at him and work together with to come to an agreement that works for everyone
so impeach him
Medicare for all will bankrupt country
Nothing can bankrupt the country.  We run the worlds economy.  We literally print money when we need it.
You want to give 50% of your earnings to taxes like Canada?
Canada tax rate is 29%, similar and sometimes less than ours.  But our ability to print money has nothing to do with taxes.
You are nuts. I work in Canada auto plants. And that is what they pay. Also any over time is taxed higher rate  than straight time.
Wait, are you american or do you work in canada?
I am American and have made good friends with Canadian auto trades workers. They are not lying to me no reason. Sales taxes are also higher.
