You mean like Obama care was rammed through?
Not "rammed through". Over 100 committee hearings. 25 consecutive days in debate. 2nd longest markup in history.
Lol
Laughing at facts these days? You can research ACA history and find them easily.I was paying attention in 2009. Were you?
The same way #Obamacare was rammed through. #LiberalStupidity
Most hospitals hate it too!
How about having trumpcare than having no insurance at all. Obamacare up in Alaska 200% up in Arizona over 100%.
#obamacaresucks
Make sure to add the @EmergencyDocs logo too!!!
RIGHT HERE, @SenatorDurbin:
Please stop this crazy healthcare purposal. We can fix Obama care.
They are one vote away from committing mass murder but what do you expect from a group of white supremacists?
I think you are wrong about Trump and republicans. They don't care about white people, they care about money and how they will get more.
Then explain to me why Donald Trump brings up every attack committed by a Muslim but when a white person commits an act of terror he's quiet
Sen. @SenatorDurbin , If u know something that will help Americans get health ins. then how can u be resistant, why arnt u negotiating?
Then get off your attack mode and do something to make aca affordable,  YOU had years to improve it and did nothing.
#ACA has evolved despite the #GOP. We need exchanges to operate across state lines to broaden the risk pool.
We need everyone to be in a group plan.  Pre existing conditions are covered in groups.  Individual does NOT work. ins. Co not want to pay.
Your state is about to have your credit rating reduced to junk bonds. Be first state ever to do so. Your not a financial guru
He's a federal senator, dipstick, not a state one. We here in Illinois have one of the worst state govmts. Durbin is not part of it.
AARP and AMA supported failed Obamacare. #unreliable
They don't care, they want to give the wealthy their tax breaks because they're hurting so much & screw the rest of us!
Because all those groups are getting rich off the Obamacare plan, you dolt. Retire, please.
Because Fake New!
Good question - bill needs a lot more 'heart' for people and less 'savings' to insurance companies.
AMA, AARP, and many other organizations against Senate Healthcare Bill!!! DOWN WITH SENATE HEALTHCARE BILL!!!
Let me explain this. They are evil sociopathic grifters.
Silly question. It's backed, with millions in bribes to politicians, by those who benefit from it.
Same way that Democrats did with Obamacare.
So we should expect hundreds of bipartisan/dem amendments on this bill, plus a 25 days of floor debate in the senate like there was for ACA?
Yea, u know, pass it so we can find out what's in it... Nancy Pelosi way.
We have to pass the bill to see what's in the bill. And I'm sure if you like your coverage you can keep your coverage.
Maybe because these groups are profiting from Obamacare unlike the people stuck with it
They represent Koch bros not the people also Russian money McConnell 2 million Ryan 20.1 million uninformed voters our fault not educating
Please, stop this!  So many citizens are going to be harmed!
"Because Repubs are stupid and they'll believe it.  - Jared Kushner
@SenateGOP & @HouseGOP can't repeal Obamacare. They'll have no scapegoats. Without the ACA to blame for everything THEY own responsibility.
Not all just the extremely liberal ones
It's for show. They made it so bad there is no chance of passage. Fake meat for base but keeps blame in Obamacare court. They have no bill.
Patient/Medical groups whose primary focus is getting more $$$
Please explain this to Cornyn. He thinks an Anthem endorsement is a win.
Couldn't agree more but wow who created this graphic? Why is everything misaligned?
Because the Deplorables have the votes. It's that simple.
The bill is just a redo of the ACA. If you know it's so bad, why did you ram through the ACA?
You have to vote for it to see what's in it @NancyPelosi.   Sound familiar Durbin, life's a beach so is paybacks BAHAHAHA #snowflakedurbin
What is UR plan besides blocking Trump? ENOUGH of this people have had plenty of blocking progg global socialist Dems - it's almost fascist
How did you ram ACA down the ppls throat
w/50 votes, that's how. I don't know they won't pull a fast 1 at last minute & bribe/buy/threaten/bully or otherwise do anything 2 win.
You sit there as the peoples representative & not actively work with GOP to fix medical system.  If they leave OC as is U will really fail.
Good question
Because its supported by their wealthy puppet masters.
White privilege. 50 years architecting mysoginistic theocratic cleptocracy. Gerrymandering. Ailes dopamine roller coaster. Gaslighting.
Because it's never really been about healthcare at all? (Just hazarding a guess.) #WealthCare #DeathBill
"Just sign it, then read it" seemed to work for the DemonRats and ObamaCare !!! IDIOTS won't be listened to today !!!
Better start making STATE Healthcare laws thier STATE senators.
Because the @GOP is controlled by the Koch Brothers, that's how.
Please filibuster by amendment! Do whatever you need to to stop this bill!!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for fighting against this cruel bill. So many lives are at stake.
Greed is a strong motivator
3 words: because they can...
Most of these groups endorsed #Obamacare so that speaks to their judgement.
Becuz Koch brothers want it and what the Koch brothers want the @GOP works hard to give them.
Ahh they think they know more about this than they do.
This can't be explained enough, @SenSasse & @DebFischerNE! Why are my elected Senators willing to do shoddy work by disregarding experts?
Thank you senator for prioritizing quality healthcare and realistic costs. We need affordable care for all.
I have an answer: All the ‘free speech’ money pouring in from corporate donors, they can't hear us now but they will
LOL  
Most don't even cover Obamacare because they pulled out 
Your Partisan BS doesn't work in the other States that are uninsured now
It happened with the House version. Keep fighting for me and the rest of your Illinois constituents!
Those groups didn't contribute enough so they don't get a say.
They will ram it through because they need the Koch brothers and the rest of the rich to keep their seats in Congress. MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW.
#Wealthcare
But they are doing what's right for insurance companies.
.@SenatorDurbin Easy answer: it is favored by their obscenely wealthy sponsors. It is a tax cut bill, not in any way a health care fix.
Because they value money more than people. Even the governor of Illinois is willing to sacrifice 911 to avoid a tax hike.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for your hard work protecting the health needs of our children.
They only care about the tax cuts for their buddies and being able to say they got rid of ObamaCare. They don't care about Americans.
Sen Durbin, what are Democrats doing to stop this trainwreck?
But does the @GOP ever listen to reason?
