After failing to convince GOP to pass heartless #TrumpCare, @POTUS now single-handedly destroying our health care system by Executive Order.
Perhaps @POTUS thinks it's comical or fun to hurt American families out of spite. The actions he's taken this week make it seem that way.
As a result of his most recent action, individual market premiums will increase 20% next year. 25% by 2020.
These are people’s lives we’re talking about.
No doubt, so what are you (Congress) going to do about it?  Nothing?
Just because President Trump has not lived an underprivileged life doesn't mean than his heart, soul and mind has no apathy for the majority of people that are in a far less economical class than he.  You don't have to have cancer to feel genuine pain for someone that does.
Our Healthcare system began self deconstructing years ago when HMO's came out. As a healthcare professional working in a Family Practice office I had a first hand encounter with the Gate Keeper System.  A person could and some did die before you could even reach the gate.
Interestingly enough, Trump threatened to cut off family funded healthcare from his nephew's sick baby, so this is old hat for him.
He actually did more than threaten, he cut it off.
Jesus what a pig he is
Please advocate for universal healthcare. I live in illinois and I vote.
Where are your financials Dickie.  I would bet your net worth has more than doubled since you became Senator.
He’s a narcissist. He wouldn’t care about his family if they were poor. But you are right.
Narcissists care about their children insofar as they perceive them as extensions of themselves. Not relevant, just interesting lol
Yes but he has spares. Which means if one of them dies he probably doesn’t give a damn.
And never having taken an economics class liberals are too stupid to balance a budget.
Check your facts dude!  Every Republican Pres has INCREASED our national debt
ok,  and you're helping run Illinois into the ground.  TERM LIMITS
What's your health coverage Dick? Same as mine, if it is I would have respect you. But until then, fix something instead of criticizing .
Absolutely correct, however, all those many other officials who never had a worry in their life, will, too, all crumble when times change
And Trümp has never had to apply for a job, or worry about losing one. President Bubble.
Therefore he couldn't give a s*it less about those you do.
No....  Trump isn’t thinking of lives.  He thinks of his ego.  This move was about Trump ego.
Nor has he feared obtaining ins. because of pre-existing condition.
I believe that all of government should have the same insurance we will have. What makes them the all mighty. EVERY ONE should be equal 1\2
I have worked my entire life since 15. I was forced to retire because of health at 63.  Why should I have to choose to eat,live or pay high
Not a single moment
Exactly
And you Senator have never had to worry about your healthcare because you voted yourself a Cadillac Ins. plan. Not the same as your subjects
Just a quick FYI, before trump became POTUS illegitimately, he was broke. Treading water. He is using presidency to benefit himself.
And never cared to try to put himself in those shoes, either. Pathetic so-called human being

It only costs $12 a year I hear.
He will after he gets out of jail.
President Trump does more in a day for our country then you've done in your entire career for the state of Illinois!
And I am quite sure he has never worried about making a couple of bottles of water last for weeks. Deplorable behavior
Senator, how could you trusted individuals allowed this man, Trump to destroy this country? Travesty Mr. senator, travesty!!!
He never had to worry about where his next meal was coming from or dig through the couch for another nickel so you could get the bus 2 work
Similar to my take on his treatment of PR. This is a man who has no idea what it's like to have only 1 home, & have that 1 home destroyed.
Sometimes the bootstrap rich are worse
With respect, if America really becomes great again under Trump will you come out and admit you were wrong? Or continue resisting negativity
No, but he did spend a day denying health care to his brother's sick son, so there's that.
And he never will as Presidents get Lifetime healthcare. Too bad!
isn’t there a check-n-balance to stop what he just did in Congress to push back this sabotage to families in America?
You are the biggest FAKE legislator in America.. What good have you done other than spew lies, and Zero accomplishments, for your supporters?
Years ago he TOOK healthcare away from a family member's sick baby when they dared to contest his father's will
He's always had everything possible except honor & integrity which makes him  a loser..
Please when you see the President of Virgen Islands kick his as.. because he is a complete BLONDIE IGNORANT and STUPID,.OBAMA where are you?
No, but he sure did try to deprive his baby nephew , born with CP, of health insurance because he was feuding with the child's father.
Do something!  You and the rest of the Senators need to do something to stop him.
Im sure your working on a plan to offer Americans the same healthcare plan you have so none of us ever have to worry about it ever?
With that gene pool,he should.
While his cabinet secretaries mock their drain the swamp campaign line jet setting across the country in luxurious corruption.
Unlike us, who, poor and just out of college, have to pay huge amounts of money for things we don't need. End the socialism, use the charities, go to work somewhere you can move up, and work hard.
But I'll bet you Trump takes Medicare and Social Security. No one seems to press that question, now do they?
I don't think he ever spent a day of his life worried about his family period. Only himself.
Born into Senate and your health care, neither have you Senator
We are pawns
FIRE POTUS! FIRE POTUS! FIRE POTUS! FIRE POTUS! FIRE POTUS!  Congress' failure to fire Trump will lead to "we the people" to fire Congress.
Waited on hand and foot
What the He'll is the Republican Congress and Senate doing not booting this guy out? They will pay come 2018.
Let his supporters come on me and say what they May. The fact of the matter is, Trump's hard drive malfunctions. He is bent on killing us.
Well said Senator but that is not enough. Please do something to stop this lunatic madness.
He cut off health insurance to his own nephew's sick baby. Human suffering is meaningless to him, he has no empathy. Up to states, congress
Easy for you to say when your health insurance is paid by Our tax dollars
Pay for your http://ins.like  I do.cut out the free shit
Please Dems stop talking nicely about The Donald. He is low class Queens NY. Always wanting to grasp for more. Attention--- please.
Have you worried about yours for the past 30 years?
From now on, please refer to #ACA as #Trumpcare
Senator Rand Paul is on Americans side. Who's side are you on?
No even after Atlantic city he made out and destroyed little business
WHEN IS CONGRESS GOING TO SAVE OUR COUNTRY FROM THIS MANIAC?????? Please...HELP US!
Literally can’t afford rent
Born with a coke spoon up his ass.
Even with the subsidy, I couldn’t afford it. But I have friends whose lives were saved. This is a bad day in America.
You haven’t either for the past 30 years. #hypocrite
These Democrats created this mess and refused to help fix it and it f**** everybody.It was unconstitutional to began with and will collapse.
He doesn’t need insurance. It’s a political plaything for him.
Hell, he's probably never had to make a doctor's appt.
Well from the look at the Dr. He used saying he was in excellent health,when he was running for office, I would say his health care stinks
He does have some experience in taking it away from them.
But in a fit of revenge he took it away from his own brother and nephew.
#25thAmendment #25thAmendmentNow #25ththe45th #25thamendment
When can we start calling this a Constitutional crisis
Have you ?

And when his very ill brother died, he stopped paying the HC premiums for his brother's wife & kids! What a despicable ass!
Senators with Health Coverage for LIFE for you and Your Family definitely wouldn't understand either! 
Equality is across State Lines
you haven’t either. You’ve been at the public trough your entire career.  The taxpayers have paid for your healthcare.
As a member of the Khmer Rouge, Senator, do us a solid and convince the 2 bimbos from California to secede from union. Do a Weinstein.
I doubt, if he’d been born poor, he would have worried about them.  That’s just how narcissists are.
He already thinks he’s “self-made.” If he actually started from the bottom, he would just be even more insufferable.
But at some point he won't be able to buy his way out of Hell.

You think? @Potus recommending cheap health insurance is like him recommending %TrumpUniversity for higher education.
What are the odds of my special needs child receiving the same healthcare as Congress? Or is that just for elitists like yourself?
Yes!
And I suppose you have ?
And is so evil that he tried to keep it from his nephew: Trump took revenge by cutting health care http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/08/trump-files-donald-sick-infant-medical-care/ … via @MotherJones
...a fact which apparently didn't stop him from withholding funds from at least one family member in need.
Never forget the Christian values in that act!
What is the net worth of the #durbincartel ?  "You can't get rich in politics unless you're a crook." Harry Truman.
#25thAmendmentNow
No but has been looking over his shoulder most of his life worried that he will be exposed as con man his tax returns and IQ add reasons
You need to come up with something better and sell it to the Congress instead of complaining about everything POTUS does.
Never. Ever.
Have you!? #BRAVO @POTUS 
Stupid answer.  HTF is that helping with the mess your Orange Twatwaffle is creating?
Trump HAS experience DENYING own gravely-I’ll family members (newborn baby Freddy) healthcare just to PUNISH the “impudence” of DJT nephew
So how much money have u made from insider trading in Senate over past 6 terms in office
Nor have his children, or grandchildren.
You don't either got yourself a big ole subsidy for your Cadillac plan
You are correct.  @POTUS does not know what the real working families deal with every day.  Ask him to survive on a $20k yearly salary.
Just like you politicians in office! You don't have the burden of paying for Obamacare! Hypocrites!
But go hangout with Jared & Ivanka anyway. 60053
You & your fellow Dems are the creators of the current healthcare nightmare we have in the USA. Don't blame Trump, 34 yr. career politician!
I don’t think you have spent a day in your life worrying about it either? Are you on Obamacare?
And remind us why there are subsidies and to whom?
Jonathan Gruber admits Obamacare was passed with the stupidity of the American people
Obama admits you can’t keep your doctor:
Your voice on this administration is important. Keep it up, Senator!
Neither have you
That's why people really need to think about who they elect into office....because this man doesn't care about anyone
He is in office because America did think about who needed to be in office

If you cared about healthcare for everyone you would cosponsor #MedicareForAll stop with the platitudes!
True..
So what, ignorance is not excuse. He has destroyed any peace and security we had with his stupidity.
How much of your money paid your health?
has no clue how a devastating illness impacts & changes every part of your life.  Wealth can b diff between life or death
And you being a member of Congress not subject to insider trading rules....please enlighten us?
You are a fool and have no idea what you are talking about, eval Democrats
Let's hope the IRS takes ALL his assets.
Maybe not, but he was also born into business  and he knows what he's doing!
LOL Trumpsters are gullible. Bullying is his only tool.  He would have 3 times his stated wealth had he invested in S&P Indexed fund. #Dunce
Well donna guess you like the koolaid. Keep drinking it
I'm just saying wish he had to use it, NOW!!! Understand?
I am right there with you!
No, he thinks you can get it for $15/month...confused it with the Gerber Life Plan.  I paid over $300/month to buy Medicaid in TN in 90s.
Mr. Senator, that may be true today, but no one knows what tomorrow brings.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=58y6GO3yXqc&feature=em-share_video_user … We all must pay our karmic fare in life
Right !! he knows Nothing about healthcare ! #25thAmendmentMarch
He thought it costs $1 a month after seeing a life insurance commercial! He has no clue. He needs to be exposed for not knowing policies!
Lead by example, give up your Cadillac insurance policy we the people pay for and deal with what you guys stuck us with.
Until you support universal health care as a right as opposed to a commodity for profit, your words ring hollow Senator.
It will never not be a commodity since it cost money to bring the service to you. It’s not free.
So fix it
And believe me he needs the mental health insurance
ACA saved my mothers life when no one would see her because of her pre exist cancer. Shame on 45 and shame on congress for not stepping up
I'm so sick of that moron in the Whitehouse.   Senator Durbin we need to take back control in 2018.  P
Pot calling the kettle black oh wait you get free insurance that's much better than what we get
Jealous?
Trump will fix what u Democrats screwed up.
Please, trump couldn’t find his own dick with the lights on @realDonaldTrump
What if he used one of the ones he gave to P.R.? Since he said they won't need them.
You've got that right.  Nor has he never worried about paying escalating health insurance premiums.  Or not affording the premiums.
You can thank democrats for ACA and escalating healthcare costs
There should be a tally of all the children, adults and elderly that die because of this Evil and deranged decision. Please keep fighting!
Nor have you!
Talk to me about you have done for Cario, IL...
Yes. A problem in politics in general... while empathy is appreciated LIVE IT for years & I think/hope many would vote differently.
Yea Washington elites don’t have to have Obamacare
Is there a way to stop him from doing this?  Spineless republicans let POTUS take heat for this because he thinks he can get away with it
MOST LIKELY NEVER EVEN COOKED HIMSELF A MEAL..
I love it you all are so jealous
Jealous of what? His money.. not a bit.. he sold his soul for it.. Just stating what I feel is the truth. He's spoiled rotten.
Remove "likely"
And he will never care about those people
I agree and no one will ever convince me that people with money know what it's like to be low income!!
Then Senator why not work to get us the same health care you and your family have??
Don't hold your breath. Senat hypocrites have free taxpayers founded health care for them and their families.
To bad Chuckles Schumer didn't sit down with the Pres when he asked him to last week. Elections have consequences right Barak?
Have you? Do you currently?

No more born-rich presidents. It's clear they serve their own masters and not the people about whom they have no real understanding.
What are you going to do to stop this nightmare? Electoral College must go. We the People did not vote for him. Popular vote reflected that.
Well when you take those 3 million illigal voters. Trump won popular votes too. Lol
Also has no clue what actually lacking housing and food and safe water is like.
