Why not get ALL the lead Dems,Reps and Trump to go to the mass funeral for the victims
Give up your ARMED guards and your protected Gated community  FIRST!! Won't happen, will it?
If we do what we always did, we get what we always got. -Anon
Senator Durbin what are you talking about? Everyone's responding okay with outrage pain sorrow and tears. The President issued a
Proclamation to fly our flags at half mast hospitals are working night and day blood drives are being given okay so please don't say that
@oskarmac2020 the action was when Las Vegas Metropolitan Police breach the door and killed the shooter how much more action do you need man
Please dont give up. La Pierre does not own my country. BTW call him out by name, expose his greed and power grabbing.
Confiscate all the guns and melt them down for scap metal!!!
I like guns but i dont own one why . becouse we live in a violent Country. America Is a violent country.The movies video game street culture
Any person or entity that assists or enables another person or entity to take a human life must be held responsible
And then you don't say anything for 50+ people killed in Chicago every week. Only when fit your agenda senator. Right?
Yes he has. He has called for universal checks. 60% of Chicago's confiscated guns come from IN & WI.
Bullshit flag on this one
The time to speak up is NOW!!

No please stay quiet Richard. Shouldn’t you be retiring soon? It’s never too early
I ask every1 2 look at the reason 4 this tragedy it mental health Mayb if we work on that less people wanting to shoot others
Thank you senador Dick Durbin
Personally, I feel more than ever a firearm for protection is a necessity!!!
And as long as you are sane, responsible, not violent...that is okay. Universal background checks & safety requirements are not the enemy.
I do not need a background check to protect my loved ones.
Why are you against background checks? Do you have a domestic?
I'm not. But if someone wants a gun, they can get one illegally. Most gang members probably do not have a FOID card.
Then it's time to stiffen the penalty for those possessing an illegal firearm!!!
And how do you find all of these illegal firearms? I can not wait to hear this answer.
To change the 2ndA the 1st & 4th have to changed 1st...good luck
How many mass murders have been commited with weapons that have been banned? the proof is in the pudding !
Continue this fight. You will save countless lives.
Thank you Senator...we need laws that make SENSE!! I am a gun owner and support universal background checks!!!
Please! Keep it in your sights. Otherwise America will become an armed state.
Nothing will change. Nothing changed when your own were shot. Dems will trot out toothless BS. GOP will scream 2A and it will die.
Forget about controlling guns, you'll never do it! How about controlling bullets, tax the hell out of them, great windfall for the treasury!
Maybe have the same id and background checks for voting that you make citizens go through to purchase a gun???
Put the same restriction on abortion you put on gun ownership! Abortions still kill more every year.
You jump on every bandwagon that comes along. You can't make a law or ban guns or  a new program to solve problems.It will never work.
Changes are needed
Sounds like a normal month in Chicago.... 59 murders this month in Chitown?
Like the Healthcare Bill, Tax Bill still mostly unsaid. GOP no longer believes in a Gov. By The People. It For The GOP Donors only.
Your use of a #national tragedy to further your anti-gun #agenda is #descipable
Thank you!!
Have you ever walked the streets of Chicago? This is the city you represent. If you ever walked them, you would know our need for a gun.
You ever hear of Chicago? It's a city you represent, with strict gun laws, but yet has an insane murder rate. 
How will more laws help?
the democratic party = woman, gay, and illegal firster party:  no middle class values necessary
Congress,  How truly evil does someone have to be to not want to do something or anything to try and stop the killing.
I wonder how many people realize there was a assault weapons ban before Sandy Hook and the Republicans and GW Bush let it exspire.
and I wonder how many lives could have been spared if they would have re-approved it
I think you're a great Senator, but we all know this will change nothing.
when there's actual action taking place, i'll be happy entertain their verbiage. until then, words as per usual.
After a mass shooting in America, there is always a cycle of grief, outrage, and then silence. No more. Not here. #Enough 
I love this man. It breaks your heart ... all if this ... and the crazy responses from Trump and his thugs.
He sounds so rational and angry
Legal murder of babies make children feel they r of no value. Young men & women feel worthless, teaching them life is worthless.
Create reasons for husbands to marry & stay married to the mothers of their kids.Encourage Family, & Life.
The Constitution gives us the right to bear arms. Fix the hearts of America, stop creating division, & importing Democratic base.
We don't want democrat party ideas...they don't work
When will it end?? Enough is Enough
Please, do something
making any more laws isn't going to prevent this from happening.so don't start that crap about taking guns away this is not the solution
what ,you think taking guns away from the American people is the answer you are such a fool. Living in a free society has risks sad but true
don't stop hammering this. #Resistance #Indivisible will help
Since guns can't act on their own, you are demanding further people control. Another plea to place the yoke on our own necks.
Dick did you watch the view today? Waiting to see what you say at the pulpit
That's right, no more. No more prayers or silence. #GOP get off your corrupt duffs, DO YOUR JOBS, protect people, not your wallets
Please keep this conversation going
And we have droopy dog 
My kids deserve a safer future. Don’t care what NRA & their supporters say. Doing nothing is not the regret I want to look back on. #enough
Your party was in full control when Obama took office. Why didn't you do it then?  Too much money from the gun lobbies?
If only you could remain silent.
Thank you, Senator!
I’m so sick of this @NRA dark money, Citizens United must be overturned and we need #GunContolNow
Interesting that you name the NRA who is not in the top 12 Political donors but not union money buying off the left.
THANK YOU, Sir. I’m grateful for all of you speaking out & fighting today.
Not after children get slaughtered ,really that wasn't enough. They lost entire lives.
Gun grief to gun violence. Why is it that these suits mention the tool when this happens and not other times when the perp uses other tools?
How about we start attacking the real source #Ideology 
As a former resident of Chicago.  How's that gun control working there senator?  Yeah i didn't think so. Talk less act more Dick
Imagine yourself being a thinking person and not a political hack u can do it https://www.facebook.com/prageru/videos/1559461380763379/ …
Please cosign S1804 so ALL Can receive healthcare when needed. The health of the ppl in this country is more important than profit
Wouldn't it help to have one big "anti - gun" group instead of a lot of little ones? An anti-NRA so to speak?
I'm with you.
Please let America know when you have disarmed your security detail.  Until then you are simply a fascist. Let them eat cake right?  #evil
A study of history can be a wise tool
Yeah, when you get your way rioters will destroy every city in the US because they will be the only ones armed.




Is gun control for a person that goes to the store and buys them or the criminal the comes to y'alls outlet and is given gun
That shooter was a Democrat. Fueled by hate speeches by Democrats. "We will fight!" was the Democrats battle cry. Some are taking that 2 !
crooked hillary's battle cry "resist @ all cost!"
Tell me this senator isn't stupid the worst Massacre in us history no son the 347 killed in 1622 was the worst and y'all want to lead smh
I will not accept mass shootings as a price for freedom. Universal laws that make it harder on criminals and lunatics don't infringe on 2A.

Oh Durbin, your old news.  You haven't done anything for Chicago and it's time you retire.
True Senator  Mass Shootings Are Now American History Story The Grief Is Related To It Repeating  and No Way To Stop  We Heartbroken ROS
I'll tell you what Dicky, How's the gun violence in Chicago where we have the strictest gun laws? Better idea, Take guns away from
...
Liberal criminals! Here's one of them!
Hillary Clinton & gun control. 
And as far as DACA goes,As soon as you make it LEGAL for AMERICAN'S to HOP borders and be allowed to stay in other countries as CRIMINALS..
Then I guess it's okay to allow the same here! Liberal nut jobs.
Thanking u for standing w @SenBlumenthal and @ChrisMurphyCT and others in their strong stand for common sense gun control.
That's great. When you gonna sponsor a bill to ensure that cops who murder innocent, unarmed POC are held responsible?
#BlackLivesMatter
That's how Hitler started he got the guns away from the citizens and then was able to take control the Democrats want to be like Hitler
They have non ideas so they just want to pass more laws which will not work because killers are criminals & by definition they break the law
The Solution is only the Gospel and evil ppl are to stupid and prideful to accept that.
Sensible, responsible gun ownership.
Because we are always told that “this isn’t the time to talk about gun control.” Maybe not, but, it is the perfect time to talk about ...
Back on your liberal soapbox, Senator?  We're saddened over the loss of 59 lives in Las Vegas; but what about the black lives in Chicago?
So, by your reason, if I talk about the drought in the West I am neglecting the people suffering the drought in the Midwest!?
it's time to do something meaningful. what is wrong with us? embarrassed to be  American in light of this refusal to do anything about guns
Guns are OBJECTS. Get it. Same as cars, bats etc... You forgot, its intent to harm real problem. Not brainless object. Don't be hypocrite.
may not be able to change intent, but can eliminate means of carrying it out.  No guns no mass killings.
.SenatorDrubin thanks for the voice... Now BAN all mass murder equipment... all of it! No mags either, cylinder, bolt and shotgun, that's it
Write call write again call again we can beat the NRA  don't let the Republicans push it aside for contribution's from NRA call write
If I had a solution that both parties would advocte for, would you want to hear it?
Uh Huh
