U.S. submits formal notice of withdrawal from Paris climate pact http://reut.rs/2hw7Rr6 
While so called #Christian Republicans cheer for the desecration of the only planet God gave us. And they cheer out of spite. Sickening.
Get a clue!!!  USA has some of the strictest laws in the world preventing pollution.
Horse s***. China and India moving ahead of us in energy race because of rank Republican stupidity.
Good intentions don't get the job done.  Facts and results do.
That's right. Solar and wind jobs growing, renewables are where the jobs are.
Also remember that Solindra failed despite millions of tax dollars given to them.
Hah! The oil companies pay zip and dry wells subsidized but like robots these guys talk Solindra. I knew you'd say it! Soooo predictable.
Apparently facts don't matter to you.  Go ahead and continue to vote the politics and not the truth
Trump is #winning!
You ladies don't understand that D.C. Dems & Repubs. Are propagandizing your LIV brain.
The brain that has been propagandized had been yours, if you feel we are making progress in any areas. So far we are losing across the board
We are so fortunate that our President sees right through the fair share Paris Accord BS, & how dirty politicians are bought by billionaires
Pretty bad at providing health care too.
Based on what statistics Senator?
That was the "talking point" he was provided by his political party. He can't provide you with an answer.
I wasn't holding my breath.
Most of America isn't either
Thank God for Trump! You Democrats are so eager to give away more jobs to the global community! What about US CITIZENS?!
Senators need to be futuristic n visionary n proactive.
The only thing that is dead, is the lies Dems keep trying to repeat to voters. The Dems did not work with Repubs 7 years ago with Obamacare
Dude you have healthcare bc of democrats you have a thriving economy bc of democrats.  Dude really.
Barbara - you win stupid tweet of the day.. congrats!
Always disliked that drink.
#Illinois is dead last thanks to your stewardship. Do you represent IL citizens or are you chillin' w/Dylan & just blowin' in the wind?
That would be thanks to Madigan's stewardship - NOT Durbin's fault our state budget stinks.
@SenatorDurbin represents the citizens of IL at the federal level. He doesn't represent us in Congress. He represents the liberal agenda
Illinois is a liberal state. Obviously, that is why we have 2 Democrats for Senators.
Your city of #Chicago is a liberal city, which is why we have 2 Democrat Senators.
I liked M Kirk until he attacked Duckworth's heritage/military pedigree. @GOP has morphed; ideology has shifted toward too much exclusion.
U n the Dems are last in production of doin anything to truly to support this country The most important thing to you Dems is ur security.
Omg!!!  What a stupid comment....  obviously one of the biggest lies in ever made in politics..  senator, you win big liar award
Just because we pull out of this does not mean that. Didn't Trump say he was willing to re-negotiate? Looks like you dont care about America
Shameful! We may never be able to reclaim our place in the world because of the ignorant fool temporarily occupying the Oval Office!
Wrong!! America is on top because are dollar is the reserve currency if the world. When that changes, then we are in trouble.
Looks like Senator Dick Durbin wants our military to be last, to be weak, by making false accusations. See it here:
The Durbin hack strikes again
Does this mean your people in Southern Illinois can go back to mining coal??
Unlike Illinois and our number one ranking in debt.

Under Obama and your leadership, America was in decline. Maybe you don't think we deserve what we have worked for?
And Trump policies are putting us on a path to become repeat Nazi Germany. Please help lead to block policies to prevent this. Very scary
Only cause of traitors like Clintons &Blacks
You're not a smart person.
Propaganda
Has anyone looked at the state Tricky Dick's state of Illinois. He cares about himself and no one else. What a joke
Silly, silly Dick. The "stewardship of the planet" movement is designed to steward America, not the other way around. Thanks for playing.
No, were not dead last, ya numbskull.
That's a dam lie and you know it. China india and Russia do not even have environmental policies. Wh have done more than any other country
Mr. Durbin we invite you to visit our site http://www.custodyoffreedom.com  And join us in spreading the message.  #custodyoffreedom.
America does much more than the rest of the world to keep this planet clean we're just not gonna give them more money to do it !!!!!
Dick Durbin would love to use US taxpayers money to PAY China and India for their lack of climate change involvement..
David Rank is my hero.Our mother Earth meant so much to him that he stood up to Donald Trump and resigned his position. Cheers to David.
You're out of your mind.
@Reuters and Illinois is dead last in financial stability.
Watching Richard Engel now on MSNBC re: China, India,climate change & technology. Fascinating & disturbing (for USA)!
Patently false.
And your ass is dead last in supporting our President and our country !!!
Trump leading America alright.  He leading America back in time.

Keep fighting for us, Senator.
So sad!  How can anyone think it makes sense to neglect our planet.
BS...we've reduced Our carbon footprint by 30-40% since the American innovation began to develop Our shale resources. Tell the truth 4 once!
All of you Democrats are Screwed
Trump can't get the USA out of the Paris Climate Agreement. He lies.
The one has absolutely nothing to do with the other. Nice sentiment, though.
There's no reason we can't have both.
We were getting screwed with the deal. But that's fine with you and self (American)hating left. He said he would be willing to renegotiate.
Nice that u believe Fox propaganda. Clean energy has 4.5mil jobs. Job growth 12x faster than rest of economy ( Fortune 1/17)
Cost more 4 US companies to adhere 2 regulations that other countries R not. We were paying mor then any other country. Even some Dems agree
Good. Another one of Obama's disasters. Quit spending our money on making every other country wealthy and you crooks.
Once again you're lying and running off at the mouth with nothing to back it up as usual...
Yes
#AmericaFirst 
The US  has its own @EPA 
States have the right to pass their own Environmental Laws 
We won't be ruled by Foreigners
I just heard on NPR that it won't be fully enacted until Nov. 2020. We will be praying for a new President by then!
God help us all.
I love the left. Say we "pray for a new president by then". "God help us" yet U people want 2 keep him out of gov't & the schools. No sense
Also, as a US senator what have you done for me lately? I am paying your salary, you did nothing for me and the rest of your constituents
Lose the narcissistic demi-god like twitter pic! You couldn't walk on the same road as God.  Dems don't work with anyone on the RIGHT Side!
Stop pollution, stop selling out to big polluters. Stop using the environment as a political tool.
- You and Obama tried to burden the US with all the cost of this terrible Obama agreement! Terrible business men, terrible negotiators!!
That's BS and you know it
Please Senator the U.S. has the cleanest environment on the planet. The Paris Accords was nothing but a tax scheme to sooth liberals guilt.
Our environment can't stay clean.
What do we say to emissions drifting from other countries? 
Stop!
Show us your documents before you enter.
The Paris accord is just a tax scheme against the U.S. No other country had to do anything until at least 2030. It was a terrible deal 4 U.S
No other country had to do anything? Wrong
Even people from poorest countries are familiar with environmental problems and trying to help.

YOU KNEW HILLARY COLLUDED WITH RUSSIA. Not trump. You devised a lie because you're all scared of the CLINTONS & want to protect them
I can't wait to get him out of office. We hopefully can begin to repair the damage from his regime.
Yep DJT and his plan

the Koch brothers are laying waste to the planet...
Paris Agreement is nothing more than a Al Gore Ponzi scheme same with Cap and Trade by the Progressive Marxist Democrats: Liars & Theives
New level of low-but not a surprise.  Now need a new day of mourning.

