Breaking News: President Trump told aides he’s decided to push out Stephen Bannon as chief strategist http://nyti.ms/2wohKwR 
Bannon is gone but @POTUS's failure to condemn white supremacists isn't. President Trump must stop emboldening hate groups once and for all.
Can you Dems stop the obstructionists BS long enough to get a little work done.  You all would be fired in any other business!
Trump loves Bannon and the Bannonites.

How's Chicago's murder rate Turbin ?  Oh you don't know because you're too busy falsely attacking Trump WH
Steve Bannon was never the problem,you Durbin and your far left fringe like Pelosi, Schumer,Sanders are obstructionist
Which is great news, but now he's back at breibart with the top security clearance he had till yesterday. Isn't this dangerous news?
@realDonaldTrump #NoTrumpRallies #FireMiller #FireGorka #FireAllTheNazis #TrumpResign #ByeByeBannon
How about you doing your job and lowering taxes for the middle class and giving us free market health care we can afford
Hmmmmm...seems you contradict yourself.  Remember your colleague Sen. Robert Byrd? A man you had praised, a man who was a member of the KKK.
If it has not been said already #45 is searching desperately for a reset.... @MSNBC @HuffPostPol @Im_TheAntiTrump @morningmika @Defeat_GOP
My guess is Kushner finally got his way. No love lost there 
Just because you weren't even considered you shouldn't be critical of those that tried. Your comments are hateful. We don't need that now
Thank you Senator for your service and standing up on behalf of your constituents.
Just like YOU don't belong in the Senate?
You're a real piece of work.
Nationalism is good for any country. Love for ones country should be first and foremost.
These interns never stop. Who are you to tell President who he should hired. Hypocrite.
Bid cities in your state are disgrace to the nation, was it because of your doing?
now let's see how Bannon threatens to share classified information to blackmail folks
Neither does Donald Trump!
Durbin, you need to quit acting like a spoiled brat and start helping to improve this country. Stop with the vague, unfounded accusations.
Divider Dick how are u getting Nazis out of Illinois? I bet you'll talk em out.
Bannon & Mercer brought Trump to Oval Office; Trump should exit with them
Thank You.
And neither does DJT.  He brought those monsters in.  I am not going to forget the turmoil HE created.  #ImpeachTrump  #CongressDoYourJob
Keep fighting hard, Senator! We need you loud on the front lines of IMPEACHMENT. Help us get 45 out of the White House. Thank you.
All he fights for is stealing more tax payer money #draintheswamp
And that shows what a poor decision maker Trump is. He really has no business being the president-please work to remove him-no more damage.
Now for Miller and Gorka
He had access to our highest Security. Scary is putting it mildly
SO, IMPEACH THE THE HEAD OF THE WHITE NATIONALIST SNAKE...TRUMP!
May not belong in the WH, buts still there in the President, Miller, Gorka and likely others - when does the Republican Party abandon Trump?
Amen, Senator!
With all due respect, Senator, Trump, too, is a bigot & does not belong in office.
Thank Senator Durbin!
True but White Supremacists still reside there. Him leaving in no way takes care of the problem.
Then you need to remove the POTUS and VP. The voters will take care of the @GOP @HouseGOP
Next two that need to go #FireMiller #FireGorka
thats correct and either does trump and gorka andmiller and the rest
Agree
If Dick Durban isn't "racist" then why doesn't he ever go shopping or buy a house in an all black neighborhood? 
He's a pathetic hypocrite!
That's a lie he is not a white nationalist but Muslims are
Dick should not be in office. The moon is made of green cheese.
n you really should not be a senator guess you both are even
Amen. Now, Trump. #impeach
Now let's clean the rest of the house with getting rid of Gorka and Miller.
You mean white supremacy.  "nationalism" is a bullcrap term.
Well now that I read that Trump said he was pushing Bannon out now I believe Bannon did resign on Aug.7.  If Trump was telling the truth lie
Exactly.

Which is why removing #Bannon is only a bandaid -

trump is the wound.
Then Trump needs to go too
But killing Arabs & destroying their countries is alright with you.
yes, an understatement and correct.
Let's hope and pray that POTUS will resign. He's next to go.
You are too busy boosting your political self esteem with the race card and you could care less about minority accomplishment!
Agreed..But then there are a Lot of Shouldn'ts with this WH...
All "nationalism" is is love of one's country. Why label it "white"? There were blacks demonstrating in Charlottesville also.
And yet YOU DID NOTHING
Amen to that!!
When the Olympics come around, do you cheer for the US? If u do, that makes u a Nationalist.  Plus you are white. Does that make you racist?
White nationalist Gorka and Steve Miller need to go to.  And Jeff Sessions needs to allocate funds to fight it once again.
racist, KKK, Nazi's, white nationlists will coninue to feel emboldened, and a greater threat, as long as trump is president.
a little late, aren't we?
#GoodRiddance
Racist-Traitor-in-Chief is still a free man sitting in our White House.
@realDonaldTrump Trump decided nothing. It's President Kelly Replacing Predident Bannon
Agree.  You will see massive propaganda attacks on "globalists" (McMaster, etc) & the left in the coming weeks as Bannon goes to war.
Democrats need to do a better fighting the disinformation & propaganda being pushed by the right. You won't win much until you do. #MAGA
Ah but removing Bannon doesn't solve that problem. There's still Trump, Miller, Gorka and more!
Don't forget 60 million voters too :-) you're nuts if you think you'll remove Trump and then all will be fine again
Still got Miller, Gorka, Kellyanne and Trump.
Bannon and Trump need to be jail-cell mates.
Thank you Senator. MORE LIKE THIS.
When can we expect your rebuke of the late senator Byrd? You know your fellow democrat who was a member of the KKK.
But Trump is still in the WH, so white nationalism is also still in the WH...
Exactly. We are a nation made up of all nations. That kind of garbage has no place in Gov't.
Neither does a hatred for our soldiers Senator Durbin:
And then Gorka, Miller, Sessions, 45, .....
You are the White Supremacist, sir.
That's why #Gorka and #StephenMiller need to go too! #HateHasNoHomeHere
Senator, please provide specific instances where Bannon has been "White Nationalist" You can B a nationalist without being White Supremacist
Communism is the Answer Senator Durbin. You must ask yourself, WILL YOU SUPPORT THE MARXIST FUTURE or remain in the Democratic Past?
When will you remove the Nazi president
Good start, next sb Miller and Garka and anyone the 3 have hired....
Yes Senator So True ROS
Only black nationalism? How's that identity politics working out for you
Same for BLM terrorist in obummer WH...
Uhh...all due respect, it's still there though
thank you Senator for trying to keep this madman in check. Hate has no place in the WH
But it is still there.
