How does a man perjury himself under oath and STILL BECOME ATTORNEY GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES? We should have been asking that months ago
If @AGJeffBSessions cared about "integrity", he wouldn't lie under oath, and stay in position. #FireSessions #FireRussiaGOP
he has also committed perjury and is traitor
Let me give you a hint: They're Corrupt! Plain and simple!!!
And interviewing replacements?
Jan it's going to get worse before it gets better. I'm just hoping everything breaks before it's too late.
Agree, feel pretty helpless while I observe.  I hope wheels of justice are turning somewhere.
Writes Jeff Sessions, the guy who lied about meeting with Russians.
He can't. Second time he lied to congress. Should RESIGN or get impeached as well. Probably lies everyday to gop.
Figured out yet that sessions never reclused himself. They say they do something, but if no one to answer-no issue w/them. That's thugs
Whats amazing is how these pple miscalculated the effect of the firing. Idiots
Jimmy Crack Corn Sessions needs to go to jail!! #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpRussia #COMEY
TBH. After finding out that 9-11 was a inside job & Bin Laden didn't do it. I don't really give a fuck about what media considers a scandal
Because DAG letter was fraudulent or coerced. Hence AG had to cover up. Story is not over yet. Hearings will bring it up.
When they think they're above the law and part of the inner circle,nothing to 
understand.
I'll have to agree!
He's a crook. Lied to Congress about his Russian contacts. Etc. Crook. Once you understand that, doesn't it make sense?
Because the FBI is running more than one investigation?
I'll explain-Cuz he's a lying, treasonous, corrrupt, fascist fvcking coont who committed #perjury & protected by equally corrupt republicans
draining the swamp as promised
@girlpowervoter I asked @SenatorBurr the same ? Last night.
No rules for the trump fam or the new Wh known as the Mob House ~ 
Everyone hide & self enrich as you please & unplug the phones no press!
To be fair, the order likely came from the Kremlin. Sessions was passing the message along.
He is an evil little elf.
so he thinks we need an experienced and qualified leader of FBI but not for president? hmmm
Here's a idea. SHOW ANY PROOF TO THE PUBLIC that links Russia hacks. Fuck the narrative the media constantly talks about. Show a lil proof.
Over Hilary Clinton ... which he has ALSO revised himself from ...
Apparently pretty easily. Think it must be a recuse with an asterisk
B/c NO ONE in this WH Admin keeps their word, too busy CYA and hiding truth. Liars lie, cheaters cheat, & SPIES try to hide.
Seems a bit improper
Steven Gillers thinks violates terms of recusal, which was broad. You really understand, don't you. GOP is undermining our institutions.
It's all about #Coveryourtrump
Because yhats what Dics do
This is a great question! Not only recommend firing but then also helping to pick the next investigator. Bad politics or corrupt politics?
It WASN'T #sessions DO YOUR RESEARCH
does really raise questions
@bannerite AG Sessions went along b/c he knows the Russian investigation is closing in on all the crooks in Trump White House
Don't hold your breath for an answer. The dictatorship answers to no one!
It's not the hard to understand if you but your bias aside
This is how F rum p drains the swamp. Than he builds a most around W H and fills it with piranha who eat the ones who disagree with him
You are not supposed to understand them
it's called corruption and obstruction of justice
Is there a punishment for that?
Trump & AG are ignoring the AGs recusal. Sessions also is helping w/ selectman of new FBI Dir & that person will working on the investigatn.
And also then hire the replacement
So Rosenstein's letter didn't explicitly recommend removal, but Session's did?  Does that mean he broke promise to recuse officially?
#CORRUPTION
How's that NYT search going for positive Trump news?
He does whatever he wants. Snubs questions with DEAD-STARE RESPONSE. News moved on, he knows that! We (MSM includes consumers) R COMPLICIT
No? It's traitors traiting, that's all.
It was probably because of a YouTube video
Yes- why?? Sessions needs to resign. He is unfit to head DOJ.
#SessionsMustResign Recuse means recuse
Sessions only SAID he was recusing himself from the investigation. 
Anyone one who believes anything Sessions says is bing naive.
*being naive.  ($%**&%# typos!)
Well, the firing must not have had anything to do with the Russian Investigation then.  #duh
You'll catch up. Be patient with yourself.
Wow... a real dog fart
Trump governs by Calvinball rules.
Too many ethical lapses in #TrumpLand #obstructionofjustice    #SessionsMustResign
Where were you on faux investigation of Hillary Clinton which was the epitome of government corruption by having two tiered justice system?
Same way he committed perjury and remains as attorney general.
Non-grammatical opening sentence suggests it was a rushed letter.
#AlternativeRecusal
Great question. Corruption at the top.
Sessions was recused of the Trump/Russia and the Hillary email Invest. his input was a violation. He requested Rosenstein's MEMO/OPINION.
Incredible. Trump replaced the swamp with a nuclear waste dump.
Is your brain exploding? You seem to see a contradiction, yet you can't formulate it. Have you see a US official who is consistent?
Same reason as everything else that's happening right now - Hillary Clinton's emails
He can recommend whatever and whoever he wants. It's the fact that #45 admitted that Sessions influenced his decision that's unbelievable.
Surprised that Sessions didn't draw a little heart after his signature
Yeeeeeeeeeeeah. hard to get around that, isn't it.
#Obstruction #Russia #ComeyFiring
This entire administration is mind boggling.
@SenatorDurbin surely that is contestable in court
Dictators don't follow rules and laws they do would pleases them. Things have gone from bad to worse since his election. GOP HELP!
watch Trump replace Sessions w/Roy Moore
There's a lot about this admin I don't understand
All GOP are done. No elections, no re-elections, no support. Do something good so we can keep you.
Don't forget he also testified to Congress that he would recuse himself from any Clinton issues too ...
And how can an AG who lied under oath claim to be committed to integrity and the rule of law?
Please stop reporting on this nonsense Trump Russia connection. It is boring and out of date. You losing edge...
And help decide who to replace him with...
It is called conflict of interest, abuse power...
Sessions had his stooges (Cruz, Grassley) on the committee ask questions unrelated to Russia so he could weigh in and recommend termination.
Better question. If HRC emails were the reason...Sessions was supposed to be recused from that issue as well. Either way he done fucked up.
ALL GUILTY THROW THEM ALL OUT
It was clearly an "alt recusal"
AND in his confirmation hearings said he would recuse on anything related to Clinton.
#TraitorsGonnaTrait
Corruptly.
He doesn't ... and then it goes to Assistant who won't do it, then it goes to Senate to then request Executive order. ALL INTENTIONAL. 
The recused, Sessions, is interviewing to hire Director of the agency conducting investigation of Trump-Russia.

Recusal should prevent this

Now we'll finally get to the real truth about @realDonaldTrump's Russian connections! #Comey #comeyfired #ComeyFiring 
By providing a fig leaf of an excuse about HRC email issue being mishandled. Mishandled how?  Is Trmp suggesting that FBI prosecute her?
Session didn't recommend, Robenstein did.  Facts
He also recused himself from any @HillaryClinton campaign issues too, during his confirmation hearings. Obstruction of justice.
Seasons' deputy recommended it.
an investigative reporter for NYT and you DON"T UNDERSTAND?????????
Sessions says bc firing over HRC emails. But Sessions also recused himself from that as well. He should have his law license taken!
Easy. The investigation includes him so he will obstruct as best he can to avoid his own demise. Sad moment in US history.
the zip code is wrong on that document
What don't you understand. That Comey could be fired without approval of the attorney general. Maybe you should go back to school
@julia_omalley this whole administration from @realDonaldTrump and down is a sad, sickening joke. There are no rules.
Tweet it again, Sessions needs to be impeached over breaking his vow of recusal, interfering w& obstructing Russian investig. @alfranken
amazing how many things we thought would be illegal are in fact not
Eric, this had nothing to do with Russia, don't you understand?
#Gangof8 your move
#Sessions must resign
#SpecialProsecutor
Yeah, this doesn't seem much like recusal. It seems more like someone getting very worried about their own ass.
@SenatorDurbin it's been 7 months Dick there is no Russian story,Dems just don't have anything else to talk about #SoreLosers
By lying about recusing himself? #JeffSessions isn't exactly a man of integrity
How does he get to be AG in the first place...after committing perjury under oath?...
They have different definitions for everything.
Well, didn't the investigation request info from Justice on money laundering? Wasn't Sessions CEO of Greek bank doing Russian $$ laundering?
It's simple he never recused himself only said so in theory but not in action
...AND he recused himself on anything @HillaryClinton -investigation related ... right?  So why is Sessions' job not in question??
.... it's because you haven't entered the trump void of reality.
@AlecMacGillis Maybe because he was fired by Bill Clinton in 93 when he was heads of FBI? Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Excellent question.  @RepGoodlatte @HouseJudiciary @HouseJudDems Any answers for us on this???

#Russia #COMEY #Sessions
#ImpeachSessions
He also recused himself from any Hillary investigations which was Trumps so called reason for firing Comey...there is no accountability
Here, let me clear it up for you: COVER-UP
Trump, Sessions... You will be a dark memory in US history.
JS recused himself in that case AND in HRC's regard. The letter indicates that he weighed in on the Comey firing. JS has to go.
Sorry you are having such a problem understanding. Maybe you shouldn't be a journalist if you can't handle.. oh, #FailingNYT carry on! #MAGA
i'm beginning to wonder what Jeff sessions has to hide looking forward to finding that out
He still has an obligation and a job to do.
Should have been fired long time ago by Obama
Sessions is throwing himself under the bus in an attempt to commandeer the bus.
Trump and Sessions have Crossed the line.
AND how does a special prosecutor get appointed by this justice department!?
and what is Rosenstein's interest 13 days into his job and both signed the letters today? guess they kept the word Russia out of the letters
I would like to know the answer to that question too!
Because he's a not very bright guy from Alabama who probably doesn't know better.
He lied under oath to the Senate. No more passes.
Who doesn't think of integrity, discipline, and the rule of law when it comes to @jeffsessions? This letter is a caricature of itself.
And he recused from Hillary emails too based on his behavior during campaign. What is going on here?
This is what every senator should be asking in public.
#Entropy

Yelling at the TV + asking recused AG to give you cover = NOT A GOOD LOOK 
Exactly.
B/c they said it was about HRC I'm just glad they're stupid traitors. I shudder to think if they had a modicum of cleverness between them
kinda vague ain't it?
He's committed perjury and possibly treason and definitely needs to be relieved of duty
Yes. Yes, you do understand.
Forget it Eric, It's Chinatown.
The WH Administration does not follow rules of governance, the Constitution or the law! That 0/3!! A failing score!
Session also publicly recused him self from all things Hillary! 
Because Trump. He's shock doctrine on crystal meth. The insanity is part and parcel of the method.
I asked this same question.  It's..... there are too many descriptors and none are good.
Sessions is all-in on efforts to cover up & should be prosecuted too. Sessions violated recusal & is as guilty as tRump.
He does not, unless he too is shitting his pants.
Saying the decision was made upon HER E-MAILS!
Because he was told to write the letter?
Don't you guys at the Times have that important "Look, Trump doesn't suck (that much)" weekly column to work on??? Focus.
Hopefully the recommendation fast tracks him for a prison outfit.
I'm thinking that the word 'recused' may no longer be accurate.
I think you understand perfectly 
Illegitimate, Compromised & Dangerous.
Sounds like Comey may have a legal case against AG.

Jeff Sessions in November on Fox News: "FBI Director Comey did the right thing when he found new evidence. He had no choice" 
I'm certain all will become clear after Pres. Trump meets wth the Russian Foreign Minister tomorrow, but until then, don't understand either
When the coup is official?
impeachable, right?
Yes you do. It is to show that no laws, norms, or ethics bind them.
Also recused from Hillary Clinton email stuff
And, don't forget, he also recused himself from anything having to do with HRC --- so just HOW did he fire Comey today???????
"Logic is a little chirping bird, who's song smells bad" ... Mr Spock
Careful what you wish for…
Pretty sure neither Trump nor Sessions wants someone heading the FBI who faithfully follows the rules/law. 
So far they haven't come up with anybody concerned with rules or laws
Actually the Deputy Attorney General made the actual case.
Well an American getting rid of a socialist insurgent  would be hard to understand for a socialist insurgent #drainingtheswamp
This is one (albeit transparently false) reason why the firing had to be portrayed as being about HRC emails.
Understand authoritarianism. That's what's real. All of us wondering where has democracy gone are suckers. May God help us all.
Circular logic
Clearly a lawyer as Sessions is/was, and an experienced politician having recused himself, must understand the disaster he created.
This is unbelievable in our country.
"high level of integrity"? That's rich coming from PERJUROR @jeffsessions!
What don't you understand about the word illegal?
Either, A) the probe was getting close to Sessions
Or, B) Trump demanded Sessions write this.

I lean towards B.  Sessions isn't this dumb.
At least he created a pretty paper trail to prove that he was involved.
also recused himself from any investigation of HRC's emails.
AG would have had to have the moral courage to ignore a direct order from 45 to fire Comey. AG has no moral courage.
You can't make this up.  Wow, wow, wow.
Your view of his recusal means he has no oversight of FBI? Has any AG ever recused himself from that oversight?
The rules are: there are no rules.
What was the rule that was violated to make you say this? Can you formulate it?
What kind of rule is it? Moral, legal or political?
Oh, don't be coy.  You'd understand once you understood Trump. He hasn't surprised my yet. Sickened? Yes. But not surprised.
Clapper testified, under oath, that there was no connection between Trump and Russia.
And how can we trust Rosenstein's independence if he played along with Trump/Sessions? Congress needs to question Rosenstein ASAP.
Most of congress is complicit as well!!
