Don't worry, Durbin, you're not the only stupid Democrat who fell for fake news. http://conservativefiringline.com/stupid-democrats-fall-fake-ap-story-nonexistent-military-deportation-force/ … #resign #tcot
And another lie...don't you get tired of being shown the door? Over and over and over and over and over?
It is an assault on innocent people who expect media & Senators to tell the truth. Shame on @SenatorDurbin @AP
.@SenatorDurbin @AP Durbin embarrasses himself AGAIN! #mynameisdickdurbanandimanidiot
more fake news from the fake political party of the liberal left. Spreading hate, fear and fake news while blaming Trump
Um, but they're not "innocent" people. They've broken numerous laws, and if their family is effected that's on THEM.
Uh, Senator. Being in the US illegally is their criminal offense. Why do you have to be told this?
Glad you're staying on them. Need to call them out on each one & fight this hatred in our country.
once again thank you 4 supporting all you constituents and leading the good fight proud to have your voice representing me.
Hey, @SenatorDurbin If the @AP said Trump crafted the moon from a block of green cheese, would you believe it? #VeryFakeNews #tcot
so you feel even more stupid now?
FAKE NEWS at its worst. Not happening.
Idiot
Why was it ok for 4 president to do a mass deportation after we came home from war.This is a set up and you fell for it
trust in pols and poets is at a low, and you have to peddle lies for political gain. Soviet Pravda-style #fakenews?
Have you issued a retraction & correction of your tweet yet? Or was your goal to exploit the fear & ignorance of your ?
The senator is right. I stand behind you 100%. I live in southern Illinois and many here support this. Keep it up!
We should be reforming immigration laws to make it easier for good people to come into the country, not deporting them.
Somebody better fix this, quick!
Thank you, Senator.

Ask the folks who have had their neighbors arrested and are physically trying to keep them here.
This #VeryFakeNews is an assault on President Trump's administration & America
I would love to hear you define fake news
We have had people in southern Illinois being ripped from their families. What can we do as an immediate action?
you do know the meaning of ILLEGAL alien? EVERY one of them is a criminal and should be removed!
Facts matter. Durbin lies have been made less relevant by Pres Trump. He's not the type of roll over Durbin's used to.
Sad that DNC will lose voters ha ha
Isn't it strange that YOU defend ILLEGAL'S OVER U.S. CITIZENS. I welcome ANY ACTION TO RID U S OF ILLEGALS
I know  Durbin that YOU do not follow Immigration laws & U should. However stop aiding YOUR ILLEGAL VOTERS IN u s
Hi Idiot !!!!
they are illegal Dick. No ifs, ands or buts about it ILLEGALS
I am reminded of the apology you gave 6/22/05 which created a new verb; "durbinize" - to give an insincere apology.
Do u lefty loons EVER tire of being wrong?
you say Trump needs to stop tweeting, you should've never started. You're spreading fake news!
@ann_leckie @AP if the Hyatt House activates the national guard against people inside America, it could lead to Civil War
Deportations are less than under Obama. The difference is criminals being deported not everyone else.
this is not accurate. The White House never said this. Stop spreading trash.
You all are fake!!!!!!!!!
.@SenatorDurbin .@AP Before you open your piehole, you should READ the memo. .@AP LIED. Furthermore, the memo was an early draft, not signed
pushing #FakeNews is unbecoming of a US Senator. Get your facts before you release a statement. #WakeUpAmerica
And you democrat cult leaders never pass up a chance to instill fear in your subjects, even if it's obviously not real...
Ah more fakenews. Do you know there is a difference between "LEGAL" immigrant and "ILLEGAL" immigrant??
even I know this is FAKE. Someone in ur position should ashamed for pokinkg a stick in it & stiring, esp when it is fake.
Dick is right  fake news ass hat t rolls on
Gasbag @AP
Fake News, Fake Senator disseminating. The establishment-media complex. Dopes.
You mean the AP report that ISN'T true?  Is that the one you're referring to?
#VeryFakeNews Dems are willing to dip to the bottom of the barrel to paint Trump as Hitler.
You're contributing to spreading more fake news. Way to go genius.
If @GovRauner thinks this is a weird way to curry favor from Trump, will you promise to oppose him?
FAKE FRIGGIN' NEWS !
ha ha ha. April fools you fool
fake news for a faux senator
your continued support of "fake news" is horrible, w/ @AP @cnn @msnbc your #ChickenLittle approach is shameful at best
Next time wait a day instead of jumping on #FAKENEWS training. Your agenda to fear-monger to control masses is VILE @AP
Fake news.
I think senator Durbin to to see a doctor for delusions or stop the illegal drug use
All that effort and all you get out of it is to look ridiculous....
Just to be safe, you should stop trusting the MSM with their fake news.  Trust Trump instead!
when are you liberals going to stop the hissy fits and actually start doing your job instead of passing bs fake news
.@SenatorDurbin @AP Forgetting for a minute that this is #FakeNews, the innocents R victims who have their SSNs stolen, not #IllegalAliens
what a loser
#FakeNews
He is a tyrant. #ImpeachTrump
#ChickenLittle
so continue to allow ILLEGAL immigrants to violate our laws?  #Fool
please help us stop the mass deportation. Please 
no
please stop
Keep ranting about a discredited report. You one of the reasons Trump won.
Keep it up! You're just guaranteeing the GOP picks up even more seats in 2018.
- Keep it up Dick, you'll be in the minority for a long, long time.  Idiot.
No redefinition of criminal activity is required to accurately label illegal aliens "criminals". Their presence proves it
Do you even know what " innocent" means?
And we will stand against people like you who only want to spread false stories keep in mind we elections coming up soon
We are citizens of a democracy, not a fiefdom. We must all stand tall.
Dear @SenatorDurbin, unauthorized aliens by definition have already committed a crime. It is deceptive of you to label them innocent.

@AP
There they go again! #FakeNews & the stupid media & Democrats falling for it. No wonder we're in such bad shape. Hahaha
this is false. Even if true your buddy @BarackObama called up the National Guard for immigration enforcement.
So sad, unhinged...
You have been punked! Reason # 4,872,418 why the American public has zero trust in the #veryfakemedia & ignorant senators
Leave it to Dick to scream for new laws and not want to enforce the laws that are on the books. Asshat Turbin Durbin
So, you're telling LEGAL and born here American's you hate us but you LOVE #Illegals? Got it! @SenatorDurbin @AP
Apparently they have no problem putting American citizens at risk. They oppose proper refugee vetting.
....#fakenews ...
Innocent people? Is illegal immigration still a crime? He's been stating deportation of criminal illegal immigrants.
more lies from The Dick #notmysenator
sycophant
Define innocent
did you know trump is sending our surveys for his 2020
re election wake up people
This is not what we expected to see as Job Growth
#STANDINDIVISIBLE
thank you for standing for American values and the 4th, Senator. Country before party. People before partisanship
No search or seizure w/out warrant issued by court! No deportation w/out a hearing! Must use lawful authority!
illegal immigrants do not have this right, only citizens
And now we have a FAKE Durbin! FAKE DEM's everywhere... FAKE Pelosi, FAKE Schumer, FAKE outrage, FAKE protests...
you keep gettin it, Durbin. I am very proud of you. Miles and miles away now, I'm proud of my home for supporting you.
Obama deported over a hundred thousand Your sanctuary state is broke and taxation is driving people out #SanctuaryClinger
please be the first to deport yourself. I am all for deporting ILLEGAL immigrants.
this is un american
Seems a big waste of money to employ these tactics.
- It is false, a complete fiction.
#AreWeInTheTwilightZone? #45IsAnIdiot #dump45
That is #FAKENEWS You are spreading Senator Shame on you! 
Confirmed by @PressSec and DHS!
This is not true.  DHS also confirms it is 100% false https://twitter.com/ap/status/832611420999184384 …
