Their lives were transformed by DACA. Here's what will happen if it disappears. http://trib.in/2ezrTwN  
Thank you, Senator.  This "administration" is NOT America First.  It's Trump First, as we always knew it would be.
Trump first " dreamers no way to be given a chance in America"
We should all stand for the law...or have congress change it, but you already know that. Seems Dems just want to hurt DJT - at what cost !
And neither is unilaterally trying to give it away.  Defend America, stop fomenting discord and reach a reasonable compromise on DACA.
I agree we need to find a solution.  Do you agree we should follow the Constitution?
Yes the Democrats want to make all the laws emotional let's all do whatever we feel like doing what do ya say let's have anarchy
Burden America's middle class to favor/financially support immigrants who disrespect our laws, our people? Democrats are #AmericaLast.
Who wants immigration? the 1%.  Cheap labor, higher profits.  21st Century slave market.  #RichGetRicher #AmericaLast
IL has enough debty so stop taking citizens future SS benefits to pay for illegal immigrants education and healthcare
You sure as hell don't stand with or for AMERICANS or the RULE of LAW.
Why, because you did nothing.
AGREED TOTALLY. We need to export all jobs and leave our own worker displaced to show solidarity like we did the past sixteen years.
He didn't rip anything except an unconstitutional executive order. So get to work on immigration reform and remove the need for "Deferred."
Thank you, Senator
I stand for the Dreamers. My family fought in the Revolutionary War and they fought for the North in the Civil War. I will fight 4 Dreamers.
Fix the immigration issue instead of fighting to keep Obama's Illegal executive order. Americans want law and order.
no one wants to rip apart Americans or their dreams, however when american cannot find work because i don't speak Spanish we need change
So you know people who are out of work because a teenager took their job?  I don't see lines of citizens waiting to fill these jobs.
that's right
Yes it is.
Maybe if @TheDemocrats send out their #ANTIFA brownshirts Americans will change their minds !!!  NOT....
DREAM ACT!! NOW!
Of course you do.. law means nothing to you liars..
Lol, yes it is, they are not Americans, gives jobs back where they belong, the real voters!
Then go to Mexico!
Do your job then and pass a law for a change. Sitting on your ass and just criticizing is useless.
Of course it is. You're putting aliens ahead of Americans. This fixed that. But you don't care about that. Americans should step aside....
Your are part of the swamp that shld have fixed this yrs ago and now your widdle feelings are hurt because we have a @potus that won't fix.
Ripping the American dream away from 800,000 US American children is a crime.stop exploiting minorities for your liberal vote.its abuse.
Ripping American dream from illegal non citizens?  But you represent your constituants right?
You stand where the votes are. Who you shitting ?
Why do "Dreamers" automatically get the benefits of citizenship when LEGAL immigrants have to do it the lawful way?
You should stand with the law.  Do your job and get to work.  Stop whining and obstructing.  Be a role model for the rest of the swamp.
Wow. This DICK HEAD cares more about Illegal Aliens then American Children struggling everyday to keep their heads above water. He sucks.
apparently yoh side with foreigners over Americans also
Yea you Dems always choose foreigners over citizens. You sicken me #MAGA
So do your Job!
Between problems with russia, north korea, china, iran, Afghanistan and Syria you would think you might focus on CITIZENS and not illegals!!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you! I also believe we need a strong DREAM act. I stand #withDreamers
America needs to stand by it's promise to protect Dreamers. Changing the administration is no excuse to destroy 800k lives.
You and your fellow Senators are going to have to earn your paychecks. Go write legislation. Work for a change.
How about all those ppl that waited and them that are waiting no let take illegal ppl that don't follow the law and punish law bidding 1
it is #AmericaFirst by giving dreams2REAL #americans/#patriots who work4 #US-not #criminals/#terrorists/#snowflakes draining #system-#maga
Translation: I stand for breaking the law, and exploiting kids for my own agenda.
Almost 200k on government assistance. The program is not helpful.
You're almost as bad as Madigan if that's possible but not quite
Let that sink in.  800,000 people took advantage of our lax border enforcement.  I assume you'll be housing some these?
Dick Durbin is one of the biggest jokes that Illinois has ever had don't listen to him ever
Tricky Dick. Always pandering for votes!
Pass legislation to help them then!
This makes me ill...the cruelty makes my head spin. I stand #withDreamers too.
I stand with @SenatorDurbin and #withDreamers
Well then, maybe you should have passed immigration reform you liked back in the 90s, when you controlled all three branches.
Yes please, give us more meaningless words rather than rolling up your sleeve and fixing the problem.
They are not Americans. If you want them to get their dreams, DO YOUR JOB! tweet is cheap

DACA is unconstitutional you time to fix it, get to work.
What is your bill number that YOU introduced to allow illegal immigrants to stay?
Protect Americans first and do your job get behind the President fix immigration quit complaining
Separate. Co-equal. Branches. Thanks for doing your job, @SenatorDurbin

You stand on the neck of the middle class!
Why thank him? He's the one with power to change law, not the President. He is the coward who does not act, along with do nothing Congress.

Well than Senator do your job and change the law! You people in Congress have no backbone and would rather blame the President.
You forget that Dreamers are not Americans. They are law breakers. @FoxNews @GOP
Do your job.  DACA was illegal.  You want it, make law.


@TheDemocrats @chicagotribune Meet me in DC!!!!

Do something and impeach the arsehole who thinks he's a dictator!!  He's ruining America across the globe.
My question is: what are you going to do about it? Tweeting isn't gonna help.  I look forward to hearing your solution to the issue
Please help the dreamers. I'm a concerned Illinois resident
Democrats need to demand budget proposal by Trump needs to include the TOTAL cost of rescinding DACA. Including all real and possible costs
of deportation. No holds bar. Hold this fckers feet to the fire
Thank you for your support, Senator.
Please protect the dreamers 
You are my senator 
I'm calling you today
Thank-you Senator Duebin
Yes, Senator. And where are these children, who are now Americans, supposed to go?They've no allegiance to, or recollection of,
old country.
#illegals get it right.  Will you actually worry about the American people for once!!!
So someone comes here at the age of 3, grows up in an american enviorment like you, and you believe them less american then you
Then have your office start writing the bill now. You should be able to introduce it before Thanksgiving. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
Needs to become law quickly
Get those Octogenarian Senators Mobilized, no nap time in chambers.
I hope Durbin Graham can get to the floor quickly as it seems to have a great deal of bipartisan support. Thank you & sen. Graham, this bill
Thank you, Senator. #IStandWithDreamers
#DACA was not a big issue until Trump started bloviating. So maybe he is the problem. Let's save DACA and work on sane comprehensive reform.
I join you in standing with them.  They MUST be protected
Illinois has 42,000, we need these folks
What a great idea, hiring Americans. If you are for American workers you wouldn't be supporting Dreamers
I'm with you Senator.
Do your job. Pas a good Dreamers act. Title it the Alonzo Guillen Act.
You are not sensible. Resign
Uh, yes it is
I don't mind then being here IF THEY BECOME AMERICAN CITIZENS. right now they reside here. Give them a way to become legal citizens
America first?? Please I am an American citizen and I dont even get that much help. Do I need to be an illegal alien? ??
What help do you think DACA provides?
Yes , we know you stand with illegal aliens.  That's what democrats do, they undermine  by pushing open borders & a welfare state.  #MAGA
Is America to save the . All  then let's go get the kids who can't get here so easy too but mistreated real bad. If don't close DACA.
Why didn't you do something when you controlled Congress and had Obama?
Didn't we all come here by the way of dreamers our families were not sent back
Hiding in his office while AG sent out to announce passing the buck to Congress is act of cowardice by @realDonaldTrump
Dickie. What part of unconstitutional do you not understand DACA has been ruled unconstitutional by the courts
Wrong. It's been called unconstitutional by Cory Lewandowski. Hardly the same thing.
Wrong 5th circuit ruled it unconstitutional went to supreme and they split 4-4 So 5th circuit stands. Do your homework
Try again. That was DAPA, and an expansion of DACA. DACA as it stands is constitutional or the courts would stop it
Then why didn't they stop DACA
I'll make ads for your state COME TO  bring  enroll in school protect under DACA  get Green Card. . Free Education and Meals.
Maybe you have someone on your staff should read to you Senator
Chill out man chill out on your bleeding heart b******* you didn't say it was sending them back Jesus
Thank you @SenatorDurbin #DefendDACA
You called me a nazi stormtrooper when I served in Iraq
You now place illegal aliens above my kids
Look forward to meeting you in town hall
I'm a DREAMER as well, can the government send me a million dollars.
Trump/GOP can't pass up chance to get rid of 800,000 non-whites in their quest to make america white again
Why does it have to always come down to a racial issue all the time.  That will never happen.   Look at history. Can't, won't, impossible.
Divider Dick Looks like ur going to have an opportunity to fix it. Let's see if u can do it. Bet not!!!
Than do your job and get a policy on immigration?????
That's why Trump won! You care more for Dreamers than Citizens with dreams. Dems had a chance to fix Dreamers in 09 and blew it.
Thank You Senator We Stand With Them ROS


Jamiel Shaw Sr.: "My son was murdered by a DREAMer."

Will @CNN ever share this man's heartbreaking story? 

Devastated moms whose children were slaughtered by illegal 'dreamers' protest @SpeakerRyan house https://twitter.com/1trump2016fan7/status/903067801035751426/video/1 …
