Republicans wrote a repeal bill that will make it almost impossible for kids with pre-existing conditions to get insurance
Insurance is for fortuitous events, a risk transfer. Covering pre-existing conditions is not insurance by definition.
and medical care is unaffordable without it... so I guess people should just die? or yeah, go into debt for their entire lives.
My quibble was solely with the misuse of the term 'insurance'. You're raising a separate issue.
THIS GUY DICKIE BOY IS A REAL KNOTHEAD & THIS GARBAGE WILL NOT WORK!!!
Powerful words, and I'm about to go off track - is there anybody else in that hall/room?
IF DEMS KEEP UP THIS CHILDISH BEHAVIOR THEY WILL ALSO HAVE 60 VOTE THRESHHOLD IN THE SENATE & MORE SEATS IN CONFRESS!! KEEP IT UP MORON DEMS
Democrat legacy: 1865-start the Civil War to keep slavery;  1955-Opposed Civil Rights Movement;  2017-Suppress freedom of Speech.
HEY KNOTHEAD DURBIN - PICTURES LIKE THIS ARE SURELY GOING TO HURT DEMS IN 2018 ELECTION!!!!!
how about when I die and my daughter needs help with Medicare Medicaid Food Stamps & can't get it yet monies going towards a war oh yeah
My son broke a bone & had minor surgery this year. $3k out of pocket. Would not be able to afford w/o ins. ALL CHILDREN DESERVE HEALTH CARE
I've been there, too! Thanks for being a voice for us!
Do you feel the same about those that lost insurance & can no longer afford it because of Obamacare?
This is going to be interesting.  School vaccination & physical? No vaccinations, no school admission.  Are the poor now barred from pub ed?
Why do we have to plead for kindness and compassion...this will not last long, Senator. We will prevail, soon....
God bless you, Sen. Durbin. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for fighting for everyday people in IL and our country.
Hey, Dumb ass. Been there done that. You are STUPID.
Awww. In the freeloader capitol of ether world? Really? Why?
Thank you, dear Senator
Peoria here - I have 2 dear friends - 1 has a child who cannot digest fats and will literally die without a special lab modified fat
The other has a child with a chromosomal deletion and a very, very uncertain future given all her mystery medical issues.
Both innocent children will literally die without CHIP. Both have working parents but they aren't millionaires.
Trump's budget will literally murder my friends' children.
I can't stress the word literally enough because these aren't hypotheticals - we are talking about real, dead children here.
You lie. God you are embarrassing
So #medicaidforall then?!
How about being born with a heritary disabling disease that is incurable-medication to keep progression barely slowed down is 4400 per month
I love when out of touch millionaires attempt the "heartstrings-pull" to further elevate themselves. It's so #Merica
You been there bull you rich greedy Bull what you know about low income family  most been in power for so long stealing rich.
when since he has been in congress since christ was a baby
Now that's a lie
So proud to have you as our Senator.
Your words mean nothing right now. Not one of you has taken any real action or steps to make a change for the better.
Even with health insurance having a sick child is overwhelming.
Thank you for all parents who have been in this horrendous situation. 
Being that hopeless is unforgettable. 
Thank you!
How have you been there?
I'd say the same goes for a kid with a sick parent and no health insurance. Devastating to families no matter how we consider it.
Me too... Mine is now deceased.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for speaking on behalf of all of us. I was the sick kid without insurance.
Robert Morris to Hamilton "a patriot mind ... distinguished from those vulgar souls who...can see but the little circle of selfish concerns"
Thank you. This is a terrible proposal, putting 23m at risk for losing ins, unaffordable rates for pre existing conditions
Why is it that we work harder than many industrial nations but get less? ACA stinks compared to what many have and new plan is even worse.
That we as a family have to give ourselves because there isn't money to get any assistance. Keep taking from the powerless!!!
Try being a parent with a 34 yr old severely disabled son and this worry and fear everyday now on top of the daily struggles of 24 hr care
Hey! This is happening now w/Obamacare. And yet, dems did squat when they controlled congress. More faux outrage. #DemHypocrisy
Little Dickie Durban...you have a different healthcare system from the mess the ACA forces on the American ppl. Why is that? You special?
And with Obamacare, you're still there! You claim to provide a benefit no one can afford to use!
Preach!!!!   Don't ever stop, hopefully one day they will finally get it.
I'm in painI work because I have to have ins.  Why some get it free. My pain level is a 10++ everyday! help everyone especially middle class
What else is there to say really
If you had no health insurance you're an irresponsible moron! Why should I have to pay for your mistakes? You are pathetic!
Hope you stay well and employed!
whose employed?
That is some Rs' answer - I see many elected R's saying arrogantly that illness is some matter of flawed living.  That's unacceptable.
Guess what? Absolutely! Me neither. We must stop this.
Thank You
What he said. This is America. We can do this. Every other industrialized nation does it.
Rich Democrat acting poor to suck up? Pathetic
Or a parent with two sick children with incurable disease on PA's Medical Assist. you will never forget who tried to steal care from them.
So the 1% have once again fooled the common man into thinking they had their backs read them some Carl Sandburg https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems-and-poets/poems/detail/45036 …

Republicans call these people losers!  
https://vimeo.com/216510016  13yr old girl 3x leukemia fighter fearful of healthcare future. Plz share! 10-min documentary
Thank you, Senator, for working to ensure access to healthcare through health insurance coverage for Americans.
You are lying. Trump is not cutting any coverage for children I wk. in med. No child is every turned away! Former Dem!
The consequences of the government in healthcare is worse than a sick child. Freedom surrendered  could be lost forever.
The uninsured hurts small rural hospitals who have to foot the bill as they cannot refuse service due to inability to pay.
Small rural hospitals are already hurting in IL due to no budget for 2 years and no payment for Medicaid patients during this time
I've been there too. 1st sum not eligible under parents, btwn sem, always healthy, didn't pick up sumrcare.  passes massive amts of blood.
Go Get in Senator Durkin Hit high and Hard
Well said.  Keep fighting for American families!
Under this new plan, my mother will lose her coverage bc she cannot pay premiums and bc of pre existing conditions. Millions of seniors lose
