My Senator Marco Rubio won't loose a minute of sleep. He always puts party before country and could care less about his constituents
Pls do all you can to stop this. I have two boys with autism who have worked to overcome challenges. This plan would lv them uninsurable. 
My apologies to you and your 13 followers for whatever grammar error I have made. 
You answered your question. They do not have a conscience.
We need to see you sharing this with your fellow congressmen. Yell at them. You're voice should be heard all over our capital @janschakowsky
Please don't allow this to happen!
with respect Senator, your mistake is that you assume they have a conscience.
I'm a little surprised you don't know this, but it's because they're cruel and evil, and motivated solely by greed. #GrahamCassidy
Cora vote for a bill that allows insurance companies to Jack premiums as soon as a person is sick.
I need to be introduced to a Senator that has a conscious!
You will never find a Republican who has a conscience. @GOP LIE CHEAT STEAL COMMIT ELECTION FRAUD FOR DECADES.
...and the WOMEN. Whitevwomen are almost worst then white men, heartless. They don't take care of their own. Sad
ПРАВДОЛЮБЫ СООБЩИТЕ О ГЕНОЦИДЕ ГЛУХИХ АЗЕРБАЙДЖАНА 36ТЫСЯЧ ГРАЖДАН ПРОКУРАТУРОЙ МИНИТЕРСТВОМ ЮСТИЦИИ ЗА 7ЛЕТ. ГЕНРОЦИД ФАКТЫ ДОКУМЕНТЫ ЕСТЬ
Sen. Due in - Don't cry over the past! Don't say you can't do something to help us. Get together with other Congress Persons. Fight for us
It's a shame our congress can not just get together and do what's best instead of this constant bullshit that goes on between parties.
Just look around you & who ever votes in favor of taking it away, that's who is not for the people. #MakeANaughtyList #VoteThemOut
I don't know how 435 congressional members can in good conscience ignore $19 trillion of federal debt and continued deficit spending.
You ain't seen nothing yet, Bubba.  Wait until Trump's budget and the tax cut for the wealthy gets passed.
We're talking doubling the current debt in five years.
Then help fix the problem Obama started and quit complaining and do something productive.
I don't know how any senator can apply a religious test to a court nominee. #durbinhatescatholics
You did 8 years ago and penalized the working class if they didn't do as you wanted. Hypocrit!!!
So why did you dems force obamacare on us and exempt yourselves from having to use it
They have no conscience. They are puppets, paid off by their owners. Thank you for defending Americans against these soulless cretins.
Thank you for fighting this!!
Repubs don't have consciouses , they have greed ,  $$$ , power ..as long as they will not be impacted they're good
Dems are the same.
There is no TrumpCare. #TrumpDoesntCare
I read it also will effect everyone with any kind of health insurance since it eliminates any coverage for pre-existing conditions.
So sitting on your hands as Obamacare dissolves is your method of helping quit being so partisan and make a effort to help fix your mistake
'in good conscience' being the key phrase.  #MedicareForAll
They don't have a conscience. Or they want to see thousands of Americans die.
They have no conscience
Because it's nonsensical. It's adnormal. That's why it makes no sense.
Sen Durbin thanks for going to the mat for Illinoisans who's HC is in serious jeopardy! My family:cancer/intelc disabilities/heart/medicaid
It's called making tough decisions. It is what leaders must do, you need to step down. Illinois politics just tax more
Every time you vote to fund Planned Parenthood you take LIFE away from millions of innocent babies. Your conscience seems ok with that!
Thank you, Senator Durbin. Truly.
As an Illinois resident, so proud of you & Sen Duckworth for voting to help USA citizens. Once again, literally cried today 4 Our country.
congress took away my great insurance 4 #Obamacare stop making light of this it needs changing so go 2 work #MyAcaTruth #aca
Please vote against Graham-Cassidy @SenatorDurbin
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidyBill @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Easy, those of us paying for this through our labors are paying for our own families and don't want to pay for everyone else as well.
I think the operative words are "in good conscience". Not sure that's operational here.
Have you met your colleagues? We can all believe the #republicans are out for #scorched #earth policy
Senator, no one is going to lose their health care. They will finally get health care that works.not social government.
You did with obummercare...
Follow the money
I don't know how you could compare our brave soldiers to what you called them here:
I'd like to know what senator, in good conscience, could actively violate the constitution they swore to uphold?
The exact way you taxed me to cover people I don't know or care about. Leave my money alone and screw your entitlements. Obamacare is dead
As long as it doesn't affect them personally, they simply don't care.
How about the Millions that are going Broke paying crazy Obama Care preminums? Answer that

It's unconscionable. I hope voters will flood Senators communications including faxing through free service such as https://faxzero.com/fax_senate.php 
Yeah you don't have to pay for it so SHADDUP LOSER
I appreciate you working to stop this. I am unhappy that you are not behind Medicare for all.
Good conscience? An oxymoron for a  Congress approval rating of 7% suggestive of  preening strut is show for other dumb cocks in barnyard.
Just like how #Democrats like yourself @SenatorDurbin dont care about those millions who lost their insurance or the coast.
If you do care then why don't you back and vote for @SenSanders bill for Universal Healthcare? If you care so much.
I'm  glad you are my Senator! Keep up the great work!
Or force millions to buy coverage they neither want not need. #Obamacare
Stop the corrupt GOP
Yes you do know. But I agree it's #disgraceful
They do so at their own peril.
Not sure if I've seen a response, but where do you stand on #MedicareForAll ?
Maybe that takes a senator with no conscience
Please do all you can to stop this.  It's ridiculous that every few weeks people have to literally fight for their lives!
Thank you Senator Durbin!!
Vote No!!!
Because it's health insurance that is unusable. Why have it for the sake of having it? It's like buying a rotten apple, you're not eating it
#ProtectOurCare
If Obamacare is so good, why then you and l your family are not on it. Why do you still have free federal insurance. Explain.
Why don't you, in your good conscience, take a pay cut and have your money pay for the unfortunate, instead of making the middle class
Dickie, when you voted for Obamacare, YOU DID!
What does your conscience say about this? "This Weekend's Chicago "Shoot-a-Rahm-a" - 10 Dead, 30 Wounded, 500 Homicides Year-To-Date" Hmmmm?
What does this have to do with healthcare? Nice red herring
Well, the 10 dead don't need healthcare anymore, so I guess you win...More a comment on priorities.  Durbin's are skewed, to put it mildly.
They can because they have no soul or character. As a 75 year old citizen I totally dismayed with our leadership and have loss all respect.
Why don't you propose legislation that stops lobbyists and PACS from donating to ( buying) politicians. You guys are working for $, not us!
Selfishness.
Why not? You and you're buddy Obama have already done that!
It's easy: GOP Senatoris have no good conscience.

Idk how any senator in good conscience could vote to increase the military budget by $80 billion.
You did when you voted for Obamacare.
Healthcare currently a disaster good luck finding a doctor and paying premiums. Government has no business in the healthcare business.
Cuz it's not about that...it's about getting something passed under this nightmare of an administration at any costs unfortunately.
I don't know how a Senator with ANY conscience could have voted for ACA
Because Obamacare isn't working. There are plenty of jobs with health benefits.  People need to get off their asses, off dope. Get a job!!
It isn't working because it was sabotaged from its inception.
The same way Senators passed a crappy health care plan, forced it on people by threatening fines and kept their own golden health care plans
Well Durban you shit democrats sure have taken health insurance away from millions because of obumercare! Unaffordable 300% premium increase
Because many of your colleagues don't give a damn.  They just care about the next election
I don't know how someone can vow to defend the constitution & think the federal govt should be in the business of subsidizing healthcare.
Providing health care for employees like mine is a major difficulty for small companies. Because of this, I pay ACA for mine. More affordabl
@SenatorDurbin we know you are not voting for this, but should your constituents still call your office?

And an #honest #senator would know that he's misleading people by saying people are losing healthcare
Medicare For All!!!
The are NO consciences from the GOP
#Obamacare is 100% owned by #Democrats built on LIES of #Obama #NancyPelosi #dickdurbin - #ACA is #welfare NOT actuarially sound insurance
They were elected by people who elected the current disaster in throw WH. That's how! Care about Koch Bros. agenda more than taxpayers.
I'm so glad you and @SenDuckworth are my senators.
Me too!
#DickDurbin had no probs cancelling insurance n FORCING #ACA on all n lying that #ObamaCare will keep our doctors  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P0Dt3dwQzR0 …
They aren't voting in good conscience, they are paying their donors back.
You fellow senator called the plan "intriguing ".  I quess killing Americans is intriguing
easy, they are republicans who hate health care or even education for the slave class
Thank you Senator Durbin!
I don't know how any senator can in good conscience vote to force the American ppl to pay such high prices for such little health coverage!!
Why is this a surprise? Calling them out on their actions didn't work before and it's not going to work now. State specific #s 4 each state!
What conscience? That's the point, Senator. 
Because we prefer freedom of choice!
bots don't have freedom
We all need to stop letting them program us.Bee boop.
"world's greatest deliberative body" -- why does this compelling point not register with a single one of them?
And, yet....
They have no conscience, only a hand to their own bulging wallet.
Thank you for voting N on the defense spending bill!
Could not agree more. It's just terrible.
Shut it down!
Republikkkans don't have consciences at all, let alone good consciences
Apparently a number of your fellow Senators have no conscience!!!
Apparently there's 2 sides to every story. Do you enjoy paying such high prices for so little coverage??
I believe in single payer medical coverage, Medicare for all...period!
I don't know how we could fund it??
How does every other first world country fund theirs? Think about it...you pay one way or another.
You have a point. However, Medicare sucks. It doesn't come close to covering everything. But something is better than nothing I guess.
I'm your constituent.  How can I help? I've heard calling other reps gets ignored.
Ever been to #Alabama? That's why we need @GDouglasJones ! #DougJonesforSenate
I don't know how any Senator can in good conscience vote to take health care away from tens of millions of Americans. #TrumpCare
Because the GOP care more about campaign money than people. Sad but true.
Republicans that who
