Keep working sir to get the GOP members needed to sign on to your bill! Oh & take care of yourself we need you
I expect comforting speech from preachers and political action from politicians. Which is it Mr. Durbin?
Thank you ! 
Gooooooo Congress! Yay!
Prove it Dicky. Agree on legislation with Repubs & turn it into law. Obama had no business writing legislation from his pulpit. Stop whining
Only because that's where your votes come from!!
Pls fight! #SaveDACA
The dreamers are American..not so sure about the dumpster..has anyone seen his birth certificate?
All you care about is your dam #Dreamers #Americans  have dreams also you keep taking our MONEY to give away to #Illegals
As long as you are for us. Vote democrat!
Another idiot that thinks breaking laws is ok
Protection for all, proteccion para todos
But the Constitution isn't.  Change the law Dick.  Less grandstanding and more action.  #yourfired
He has to pander and grandstand because he could never survive in the private sector. Wouldn't want to work for a living.
What will you do the next action
If you were with them you would have worked WITH the majority party to pass some kind of DACA law, but you NEED this strife to gin up votes.
Here is a deal for all #Dreamers if you want to stay then you have to enlist in the military if not you will be deported. Fair compromise
No, if you are here illegally then you have to and come back legally. We are a country of laws and we have to enforce the law period.
Do your job-FINALLY!!!
How about all the American citizens in Illinois that need jobs that these dreamers that's supposed to be here temporarily are taking?
You better put pressure on McConnell to put the dream for vote on the floor
You give me hope not just with #DACA but the way you conduct yourself and the big heart space you have for your country and humanity. Thanks
Thank you Senator After Seeing The Turnout All Over The Country We Advocates Are More Energized For DACA We Stand
Where exactly do you stand? @ICEgov will come to you.
Would you please tell that to my daughter who's been fighting brain cancer and seizures with no health insurance and unable to work?
Deport trumps ass instead.
The name is not dreamers. It's Illegal Immigrants.
meaning what exactly?
You guys better get your shit together and not let these fine folks stew for months.  Pass a Dream Act now!
Yeah so they vote Democrat forever
What a dick. Americans are out of work and on welfare cuz these illegals took our jobs, and he's with the illegals, not the Americans?
Yeah Just like when you and Obama turned your backs on Illegals in 2010... Get to work and negotiate in good faith. Your Job, not Trumps job
Awesome dick.... how bout Americans?actual working tax paying amazing ??? They don't mean anything right... it's all votes
You are with them not we.  Hopefully you will be deported with them.
You are nuts too!
So you ask for unity for these folks. What about tax reduction for all.
A simple fix is to bring it to the floor and vote on itTHIS IS WHAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE FROM THE BEGINNING!
Do your job, not play politics
Dems are not with you! They forgot about you and never made a actual law protecting you! The GOP is forcing Congress to make it right!
God that can't be reassuring. The party that lost to Trump has your back?! I might as well help my students plan their exit now.
Pretty sure no one has faith in Congress.
So if they go you will go with them sweet
Blackmail: Pay for the wall or 45 will deport 800,000 dreamers #defendDACA
Yep, were with you now...Couldn't and didn't care enough to write a bill when we should of under Obama's presidency but hey we're on it now.
We need both parties to work together and for congress to make the right decision. Otherwise it’s all going to be for nothing.
If you really were with them, then why didn't Congress fix this problem long ago? Everyone wants to blame Trump for doing the right thing.
Obama and the Democrats opened the illegal immigrants flood gates, and now we have a problem.
This is just another sympathy ploy by Democrats to gain support politically. Democrats don't really care about illegals; they want votes!
Dear Senator, your brain is as good as your name.
Yes, you're with your voting base  Dems are LOSERS.
Do something. Words are useless.
So why didn't you pass an actual LAW in 2009-2010 when Dems controlled EVERYTHING?
Hey dickie where are the dreamers getting their social security number. If they are illegal the no's must be stolen
Time to get priorities straight. Resources earmarked for Wall and deportation must go to help for Harvey/Irma victims.Rebuild destruction.
If Congress would of done your in the first place, wouldn't be in this situation.  Stop Democrat and Republican fighting. Americans first
They need more than faith. They need you guys to act legislatively once and for all. This BS is un-American and inhumane.
I'm "dreaming" of Traitors like Ding Dong Durbin getting the hell out of office! You supposed to represent US Citizens NOT ILLEGALS! 
Shame!
To you Dick they are simply votes.  If you really cared this would have been fixed while Obama was president. You were in control. Liar?
Home is home! Squatters not allowed to takeover personal properties gifted to owner! Arresting all! Need to leave years ago! @CIA treason
All you @TheDemocrats better get your shit together. Lofty platitudes look good & may make you feel good, but are meaningless to the voter.
Would prefer to hear "we are DOING something" but yes! Please stand strong with #DREAMERS and don't let @GOP tie evil add ons to bills
Why aren't you with the people they took opportunities from?
We are with you is great, but WE need to take action.  Please.  Please take action where the rest of the population cannot.
Oh yes we are
What about American workers who lose their jobs to #H1B visa scam? When are you planning to help them? Shame!
A message from God! Oh excuse me Dick Durbin!
More precisely - his intern. Lol
Check out @jojoh888’s Tweet: https://twitter.com/jojoh888/status/905065000770965504?s=09 … just to remind you what Obama said back then about DACA.
From the mouth of 44, here you go libs, #DACA must end! .@POTUS, it was meant to be TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty #EndDACA 
There are #Dreamers who want safe and secure borders but no democrats please explain.
How long have they had to take care of business? Five years? Stop whining and do what your suppose to.
Spam
Dreaming of tax cuts and throwing your bloodsucking army out.
See #speaker #Ryan
Dreamers, if he was truly with you, he would offer more than simple rhetoric! Do not be fooled by deceitful carnival hucksters aka Dems.
Durbin's a good Senator, while you........
Hell with faith! Go to your closest immigration office and file for green cards and work visas! You should have done that years ago!
take a walk down town, looking in the eyes of all the American children who you were elected to represent.not illegals.what of them?
People protected under DACA have been raised in this country since childhood. They serve in the military, hold jobs & pay taxes. They r US.
do not trade dreamers for a wall
Then pay closer attention troll
Civility not a strong suit among the 35%ers.  Lacking in so many ways.
This coming from the person who snipped first? LOLOLOL read your first reply.
Is hypocrisy in your liberal DNA?
Your 15 minutes r up Tony - go back to your coloring books!  LOL
So, just to clarify... you told me to pay attention.  I proved you wrong, and you never addressed your inaccuracy.  Typical liberal
DICK is only for himself don't be fooled hasn't done anything else
FOS Derek
Back at ya
Just afraid to actually do something because you want to be reelected.
BS baam
take action Durbin -- get off the boob tubes and do your job..  Trump is trying to prod you
