Health-law repeal push could jeopardize children’s program funding http://on.wsj.com/2wyzLd8 
No they are not. Stop making crap up.
You realize health insurance and healthcare are not the same thing, right numbnuts?
Again; Obama did that with a failed imploding Healthcare system, $5000 deductibles; doubled and tripled premiums,  less coverage....
I heard this bill is going through the CHIP program. that would be disastrous. Would CHIP be swallowed WHOLE? pay attention people!
Sounds like what Rauner did to Illinois.
GOP showing true colors.  Vote them out in 2018!  Please protect healthcare.
As an RN this makes me ill.
REPEAL OBAMACARE
Why aren't you talking abt the Kochs $400m payoff to Rep party if they pass repeal? This needs to be spread far and wide
If it's true that Kochs are paying $400 million to Republicans it certainly explains why the Rep's want to hurt American's and healthcare
And giving millionaires tax breaks while we break our breaks for peanuts
The @GOP & @realDonaldTrump save  more 2 build his worthless border wall principles like prisons v schools n poor neighborhoods!
Sanctuary city, San Diego has Hepatitis epidemic.  Human waste flows in streets of homeless commty.  Must end  DACA, or cant afford HC 4 any
Dick is the biggest supporter of illegals in country. HC fails 2 cover millions, because their R millions of illegals taking HC frm Amrcans
U r so USELESS Durbin!!!!
Dick you guys had four four years to write your perfet health law if you dems are so smart why is the one you wrote failing
Can you blame them?  The Kochs are getting anxious   they've waited long enough   want some payback
Typical Dem. Finally played the poor children card. I want your healthcare, nothing less. If I can't have it neither should you.
Actually, they are interested in not repeating history.  Gov control and regulations drive up costs for EVERYONE.
Dick; you did that by passing ACA
Why do you suppose that is? Can you offer anything other than cant?
I support the #RepealAndReplace of your government healthcare. My senator
Its the best way to fix the ACA.
How many kids die in your state because of the violence and YOU don’t care? #Chicago #Chiraq
You're spinning a bunch of nonsense? The proposal gives back the power to the states instead of having costly individual mandates with ACA.
ACA and Medicare for All are strikes against personal liberty. Get government out of my healthcare.
Where are your iL Rep counterparts on this?
Need money for large tax cuts to the rich
They simply care about no one except old rich white men
The left is only about Identity Politics.Its just an accusatory party of false claims like racism,sex discrim&hate
9 million DEAD BABIES. The GOP claims to be pro-life, but actively promotes KILLING 9 MILLION BABIES. 

@realDonaldTrump IS A BABY KILLER.
No they want to give it back to the people you ripped it away from!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP #VoteThemOut
Maybe we can get an answer for you.. What health insurance do you use... Why was Congress exempt from Obamacare.
Think their INTENT is to be INDIFFERENT  to ppl's needs bc they conflict w their own self serving needs. Both are equally despicable!
Yes the Dems are despicable- they ripped health insurance away from millions!
Thanks @SenatorDurbin for standing against the Graham-Cassidy!
@SenateDems @SenateGOP - You had your chance to fix healthcare but you chose to give Iran billions of dollars - why
The market reactions to this Tax Cut Bill posing as Healthcare will be the tell for who is in on the game. The @GOP are corrupting America.
The obstructionist @gop did nothing for eight years to shore up the ACA. They, and I mean @SenateMajLdr should lose, lose, lose. Bigots!!
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @WSJPolitics @MHackman Millions more don't have healthcare! You are chasing votes disgusting
Million again.
And where does @GovernorRauner stand on this travesty of a bill? The silence is deafening.
Typical liberal fear mongering. Hypocrites!
This is called GREED
Must be daca kids? You didn't worry about American's healthcare when you passed that crap you won't even live by! NO AMNESTY NO Dream act
How about supporting Sanders's #MedicareForAll bill instead of just opposing this?
@SenateGOP has gone mad with power. They're greedy bullies wanting to take healthcare from children. No to #GrahamCassidyBill & no to @GOP
Yes to REPEAL & REPLACE
True this, but it seems the Dems are more interested in compromise with the fascists, instead of opposing them by all means necessary.
As a native South Texan, I want to know why Texans will be dumped from their insurance when we are in major recovery from flood and storms?
Opposed to the bill:
I cant afford more taxes! If politicians love it so much then why are they not on the program?Give up your congressional plan!Show you care!
It's all about the money masters controlling the purse strings
The Senate GOP is owned by the Koch brothers
I would love to see financial facts and Koch payments to Republicans. Where do I look it up?
What happened to the Hickenlooper-Kasich effort to mend healthcare in the short term?
Any word on those who can't afford their premiums since the implementation of ACA?
#MedicareForAll, but @DickDurbin is too owned by the health insurance companies to cosponsor it.
Its' not medicare that they're pushing, it's single payer...which would be great, but then we have to figure out how to pay for it.
#MedicareForAll = #singlepayer and there is already a plan to pay for it:
CALL! CALL! CALL! 
Sen. Capito (202) 224-6472 
Sen. Murkowski (202) 224-6665 
Sen. McCain (202) 224-2235 
Sen. Collins (202) 224-2523
