Russian ambassador told Moscow that Kushner wanted secret communications channel with Kremlin http://wapo.st/2r5vgki 
I've been trying to think y HRC would get rid of thousands of emails and get away with it. So strange to me. Guess we're even
Not even close. Emails v. poss treason. Emails..treason. Do you know what an email is? Have you deleted any? Do you know what treason is?
if trump is found guilty of treason, I will apologize to Hillary.
What if Trump's top advisors are found guilty of treason, and Trump is found guilty of obstruction?
then I'll feel bad and be sorry I thought better of them.
That's completely reasonable.
and what if @POTUS and his top advisers are not found guilty of anything?
If a full, independent investigation finds no wrongdoing, I will accept that, though I still hate their policies and will vote against them.
Obummer admin allowed FBI to illegally leak info- can't figure out why either...

Beside, dick(head) is a partisan hack, and conveniently ignores his own party crap.

Typical lefty loser-can't accept reality.

Hey doofus, get a civics lesson, popular vote doesn't count in presidential elections...


such as 'Trumpanzee presented no facts, just whined about last year for some reason' xD
Appropriate response to a ridiculous comment, donchathink? xD
Your concession of defeat is graciously accepted. :)
@JenKirkman 
It's bc we lack Kushner's venality & lack of accountability, traits inherited from & encouraged by his Dad
@puppymnkey @washingtonpost Time to remove @jaredkushner's security clearance.
Why can't you be more American rather than a flaming political figure.
It's extremely American and Patriotic to question those in power and hold them to account. Not sure if you've noticed but a lot to question.
She isnt questioning. She is labeling him as guilty with no evidence and pushing for impeachment.
Who is she?
Debra Messing who retweeed it
Maybe Trump IS being blackmailed?
Russian needs the sanctions lifted. They  influenced the U.S election and succeeded. Trump sold his soul to Russia in exchange for finance
Wait... trick question : What Soul???
I assumed he had soul. Thank you for pointing out the obvious...I should have known
He sold his soul to the devil  (You saw that coming, right?) 
I saw this coming and have discussed that multiple times
Ditto
Wtf?!
Because there isn't one. Call it what it is. Espionage!
Unfortunately, because you are @DNC, your concerns are irrelevant to @GOP even if it's a matter of NatSec, constitution or sovereignty
There definitely isn't one.
Good question to ask!!!!
@bannerite Only illegitimate reasons.
Gee think a little harder as a senator you are quite unimaginative
Why would he disappear? He volunteered to testify a long time ago.  Its not illegal or even unusual to do what he is being accused of.
Well you can- simply put Trump actively worked with Putin to ILLEGALLY win election- pay off sanctions lifted, America disrupted  eom
I think I know!! Jared and Vladdy were having an affair and he knew Donny would get jealous, so.... 
No?
Well Senator there's a word that rhymes with Season that might be appropriate. Why does he and Sessions still have security clearance?
Reason?
just missing one letter in the front of that r
Deacon!
Neither can (almost) everybody else.
Senator Durbin, You have been around a long time. You know what the Trump people are doing with the Russians. It is not legitimate.
Trump won't even release his tax returns. You think he wants @FBI listening in on chats with his handlers. Totally legit. #TrumpCrimeFamily
But Obamas secret line to Iran was OK????
Senator, why does Mr. Kushner still have a security clearance?
Because nobody in that entire outfit can pick their ass without us knowing how it went
To avoid leaks and political attacks. Like this one.
Did you think of this when Obama did same thing  #liberalsyndrome
Because there's nothing good about it! We have a Russian spy in our WH!  #impeachment
Oh the WH is chockablock full of them.
@jonlovett I've been trying to figure out why they'd ask for back channel in Dec if they'd been colluding during camp
Communication of admin would be monitored after inauguration. Only reason is to bypass the US government. Espionage.
So, no campaign collusion, just back-channel request at meeting in Dec for after inauguration. It's either one or the other
That's not what she said. Prior to inauguration,it would have been easier to communicate. They had to set up a new channel for post.
Oh and you didn't get a answer, telling? 
Her entire argument started & ended with that one tweet. We are full up on crazy these days!!
Never intended to argue point.Just wanted to hear what others thought. Got a few well reasoned answers
My apologies for assuming that you were making an argument that one negates the other.
Hmm well lets just for a second imagine there are non-elected officials appointed by a previous administration that want to derail America!
Go write fiction. That's about all that imagination is going to get you.
Same reason Obummer had his for Iran stupidbitch!!!
Maybe they didn't want any of the conversations leaked to MSM
Please remember to add to your deliberations that he attempted to hide this effort by lying.  These guys know an awful lot of Russians, no?
Curious that Trump & Co are more willing to trust Russia/Putin than our own agencies.
My guess is to carry on private business dealings for family properties.
being compromised by the Russian government is a legitimate reason.
Just do something about it! End of Convo!
That's b/c u know there isn't one, Senator, esp. when the mid-Dec meeting was with a Russian banker. Nothing to do w Syria! #Trumprussia
You can't think of a reason, they can't, and no one with half a brain can either! That's y the Adm has not come out & said Kislyak was lying
@DNC @TomPerez Why isn't DNC running ads about this, healthcare and the budget?WTW will it take to speak up clearly and concisely? TOM???
Thank you! You are my Senator!Tried to reach you Friday but Voice mail ! I am ill about how Trump is "deconstructing" our Society! Pleasehel
They got the back channeling idea from house of cards and thought it's something they should be doing.
Beyond that, why is it being "spun" as if it was all "normal". We are not dumb. Tired of being treated as if we are.
.Honestly, no one can. And anyone who can has something to gain that is outside normal diplomatic channels. I think this goes deeper.
Riddle me THAT,
Bat-Sh-t Crazy People.
Hard to find a good reason. Except  being safe in Trump Russia investigations.  But I'm too pervert.
$$$$$$$$.....

Oil, oil, oil, oil, oil,.....
maybe to have Russian bank pay off his and DJT loans in exchange for lifting sanctions on 500 billion oil deal. Just a possibility no proof
Gee what about all DNC and Hillary Russian contacts, money, podesta ties.  She nuthin but good dam crook you wonder why she lost
Seen durbin your nuthin than pelosi puppet
Senator Durbin, May I offer a suggestion, please?  Direct line could be used for profiteering, legitimacy is subjective with Trump & Co.
Senator you and I both know during the Cold War and even after Cuban Missle Crisis there wee " Back Door" channels to Moscow  be truthful!
@SenatorDurbin senatordurbGood job, loyal to the #DemocratRevengeParty.
Dick, is there ANY WAY you could stay bipartisan all the time? Can ANY politician get to even 50%? Some of us aren't Deluded & see the Truth
It's amazing how @realDonaldTrump has even forced @SenatorDurbin to search for the truth, when the truth is right in front of his eyes
"The Kush" got his foreign analyst knowledge from the movies, not Harvard undergrad (or maybe?). He was trying to be cute; instead a clown!
Can't think of a reason why president 's unelected son in law should be secretly talking to any foreign enemy about anything ever.
How about trying to think about cleaning up the healthcare debacle u politicians shoved dwn our throats did u keep your Doctor??????
Are back channels usually monitored?
Been trying to think of a legitimate reason why an Obama official would want a secret line to Iran that FBI/NSA can't monitor... I can't
Maybe because Obama Admin was illegally spying on Americans?
DUH!  To deal with Russian oligarchs, controlled by Putin, & with Deutsche Bank, regarding loans that saved Trump from personal bankruptcy.
#FakeNews about #Russia DICK!!
Mr dick. they have had a straight line to Moscow shortly after JKF had his little problem with cuba and no way to communicate with Moscow.
Durbin why you fix the $140 billion deficit in Illinois before screw up anything Trump is doing. Quit playing the fear card knock it off
There are none. Follow the money....
it sounds like the plot to film salt. (donald trump) is kgb spy
The more we know, the more we have reason to distrust Washington establishment. Trump represents the foulest of the foul, with much to hide.
Been trying to think of a legitimate reason why a formers Sec of State (Democrat) would want private email server that no one would know of
Because of (D)UNMASKING US citizens under Obama and you sir.It's called Weaponizing Intelligence Agencies against its citizens.#(D)NeoComm.
True enough, but it's not so hard to think of illegitimate reasons they might want to have such a line. Not difficult at all.
23000 jihadist , that's an army ? What to prevent them from coming here . Manchester was able to fly
Russia Russia russia, if that was the case why is Obama campaigning  for her . England 23000 terrorist living among them .
Maybe you should ask merkial? She just cut trade deals with Putin , maybe you can answer why democrats love China had they have done worse .
There is no good reason, Senator. Remove his security clearance.
Then you legislators get off your asses and raise some HELL
Trying to think of a legitimate reason why Obama had one w/IranSold USA out, the w/ Iran deal, sent money in secret in middle of night.
Oh,  I don't know... 
Russian Mafia?
Why do you care Dick? How about trying to work out the problems with Obamacare. How about serving the working citizens of IL and the US.
He was probably dropping money into Russia,to ensure dada n law's Presidential Election Win.
Ah...because political idiots and their politics get in the way of cooperation to attain peace in Syria? How is that for simple logic?
to make arrangements for Russian cash in exchange for sanctions disappearing 
Order wholesale vodka? Or treason. But treason isn't legitimate. So I'm with you Senator. I can't either.
Neither can I or any patriotic American. Those who still support trump are as treasonous as this action is.,,
Fine, *you* arrange a surprise birthday party for the head of the National Security Agency.
THIS IS THE WAY OF THE CORRUPT TRUMP FAMILY.  
@POTUS ... Weasel of the White House
There are no lawful reasons.
Great, so what are you & your colleagues gonna do about it?
You and everyone else Sir.
Keep the pressure on, Sen. Durbin. We need to know how deep the links are to Russia.
Maybe the same reason hillary needed a private server in her home. U people r such hypocrites.
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
Probably related to everything from those departments getting leaked. Idk, though.
There isn't one, no matter how you twist it.
Who gives a fuck. Last I checked, conducting Foreign Policy isn't yet a criminal act. And, Russia isn't a war enemy. Demagogue.
And why they couldn't wait to talk to them 'above board', once Trump was sitting President. They just couldn't wait...
FBI and NSA leak to hurt Trump Administration. Thats a pretty good reason for leaving them out entirely. Partisanship is endangering USA
dickie you and the wa post are the source of good, solid info---and most people just don't understand that
There's one reason, & one reason only, to commit crimes & treasonous acts against the US!
Would you want FBI/NSA/CIA violating your privacy?
Charles Krauthammer Calls For The Arrest Of Barack Hussein Obama (Video) Noose Is Tightening On Illegal President
@washingtonpost Hmm, maybe treason?
They probably wanted to be sure that they were hacking the swing states that Hillary would have won
Trump can point to this video and assert 'not guilty due to mental defect"  trump looks like he has dementia
How about using real facts. If these lies fail your Crooked party fails as well
What are you and the Dems going to do about, Senator? We have traitors in the White House. The time for measured responses is over.
Duh!! How else is he supposed to commit treason?
Even if you came up with a legit reason why Trump would want a secret channel of communication with Russians, it wouldn't be Trump's reason.
#impeachtrump
With all the leaks I can see why.
Treason
Only need a secret line of communication to #Kremlin if you want to keep #secrets from yr country. #FireKushner. Keep investigating #Trump.
I can't either
Its the "bat phone" for manipulating world markets, oil deals, cocaine deals, hookers, etc...
How long is this going to take?  It's ridiculous.  He should be in jail.
If honorable reason, why not be upfront?
PLEASE, Senator! Appeal to your colleagues!We must withdraw security clearances from this evil family cabal & end this presidency!
let's start listing the possible  *illegitimate reasons for a secret unmonitored  line to the kremlin. Bust out the calculators #Kushner
Tickets to KHL hockey games?
Phone sex. Boom!

There isn't one.
I can. Follow the $. It's all about real estate fraud...and $$$$$. The fact the GOP, VP and everyone doesn't get it, that's harder to fathom
Watch how well #Trump delays & obstructs. Been doing it for decades. Watch #McConnell let him do it.
So what will become of all this treason? Is congress too corrupt to stop these fools? Protect America! At any cost! Do what it takes!
To transfer half a trillion for Exxon?
I guess you don't consider laundering gray $ as "legitimate"
You're worried about collusion with Russians yet you take the word of the Russian ambassador. Classic #LiberalHypocrisy
It makes sense if you are a spy and a paid Russian agent, which CLEARLY Drumph is!!!!  Jared is just the pool boy.  Let's be honest.
Of course not. Someone is sending Prs. Trump a very personal message.
@LOLURWNJ @washingtonpost 2 answers:
1) There's not.
2) Legitimate treason/espionage channel. Nefarious, but legitimately so.
@RuthSorbello @washingtonpost Stop trying. Tell Mitch/Ryan to cooperate rather than stand in the way.
Dick the op-ed doesn't say Putin it says Kremlin. Can you correct your lie?
Super secret family Borscht recipe?
You're a duck, that's why and have a real lack of imagination like most Republicans!!
ask barry and medvedev
We are looking for our congressmen and senators to stop this b4 it's too late. We are desperate for you to intervene.
Because he is legitimately compromised. The Russians have been working on Jared for years--just watch.
Impeach the traitors!
One person's legitimate is another person's crime. Apparently. You having that no-one's-manning-the-wheel feeling? Can't see shore from here
McMaster thinks it's normal. Safe and secure feeling, knowing our NSA is a corrupt POS.

@peenyweeny1218 @washingtonpost and where are your colleagues on the other side? All we hear are crickets
Because there isn't one
Really? I can. And it took me about 3 minutes to understand the reasoning completely.
Kush & The Don don't want to share their private dirty business deals with the likes of those  "little people" working for the government.
Then do something about it.
There is no reason other than to put money in the Trump's family pockets and sell out America.
Because trump* is a Russian agent and his boss is Putin!
So do something for God's sake!  Damnit!
Risotto recipes are top secret
Can you go try and troll Ted Cruz again on the House Floor? I need some more beatdown entertainment.
Thank you do much for being a voice of truth in the midst of insanity
It was for planning a surprise party.  Nice job wrecking it Durbin.
ESPIONAGE !!
$$$
Do. Something. About. It. Now.
For sharing nuclear codes perhaps - in exchange for massive Russian loans to Kushners failing investments?  (kushner over a billion in debt)
No explanation given. Crickets. Leaves us to assume the worst.
There are serious laws being violated, where is the preservation of the rule of law?
Especially one established by someone who really shouldn't be in the WH in the 1st place. Just saying. #Kushner
Senator Durbin the time has come 2 take America back from corrupt POUTUS & Administration. 4 the love of country #IMPEACHDONALDTRUMPNOW!
Why do they still have security clearance ?
Agreed Senator Durbin! Why on earth wouldn't they want either NSA or FBI in on what they were doing If, if it was legit! It wasn't He's a L!
I even been trying to think how ppl can condemn off hearsay rather than evidence. Only the low life of a politician and the naive
@MiaFarrow @washingtonpost Gives you something to do.
That's not a back channel; that's espionage.
There is no legitimate reason, but you can bet that Trump and company will invent one and his followers will swallow it.
As G Gordon Liddy said, "Three people can keep a secret if 2 are dead."  No leaks
Really?  Read leaks
Duh it took you long enough to get to that conclusion didn't it? Doesn't take a brain scientist long to smell the odor!
pretty obviously involves tax evasion, for starters
I've been trying to think of a reason why the voters of Illinois continue to elect you.
My thoughts were the same when I heard this today. If found to be true, we should increase sanctions and demand immediate resignations.
There is none. It's called treason. 
Follow the money
Cause it's all about money!!!!
Why do all the Republicans think it is OK?  Am I missing something?
O you mean like OBAMA telling the Russians he'll have more wiggle room after the election...#hypocrite #whatsrightfor the Country
