Trump administration will make this month’s Obamacare payments but leaves program’s future in limbo http://politi.co/2uQBoxR  
Are u kidding me? U lied to get it passed, lied about what was in it & lied about choices & costs- didn't repair after 9 years. Game over!!
defaulting on the fed obligations to the states should be a act of treason putting the USA in peril !
Thank you for not losing sight of the substantive issues in the country.
so in other word @POTUS should throw $ at a failed program to provide cover for you the 60th vote for the failed ACA while you provide nada.
HE. WILL. NEVER. DO.THAT . REMOVE  that stain on the history of our country. Before our country is lost forever. #ImpeachTrump
Stop. Just impeach him. We must roll back every single thing he did, and then fumigate the govt.
NO!
Stop pretending @realDonaldTrump is a normal, reasonable, compassionate, president! He will not "work" with anyone. He is a dictator.
@POTUS doesn't even pay his own bills, why would he pay ours?
Stop it. He's proven to the world who he is. It's time to commit to impeachment. #ImpeachTrumpNow
He has tried and you Democrats are to  much into your resist game.
why do you think he'll actually work with you
He will not work w/us, Senator. Don't you see this? He's there to destroy every system to protect a greater social good. Stand up! #resist
Senator Durbin all Senators need to block DJT from firing Mueller! This is imperative!!!! Please do what you have to do! #ImpeachNow
Only a president unfit for the job would deliberately hurt the country in this way...in a tantrum because he failed to repeal healthcare.
Time for you to get it thru your skull that govt needs to stay out of healthcare, you power hungry SOB!
Nope, time for him to go to Bedminster permanently so we can delouse the White House.
Thanks, @SenatorDurbin, for trying to strengthen the US health care system. Hope any Republicans are watching.
Time for impeachment or resignation, followed by prosecution. Stop pretending this can be fixed.
I know we must start the impeachment of these lying democrats that ruined healthcare for All Of America, didn't fix after 9 yrs & now bitch?
If Obamacare is so fantastic, why is the Senate and House EXEMPT from it??
You and yours voted 100% against fixing healthcare not 5 weeks ago, STOP LYING
Trump doesn't care what the people want or need.  He's plowing ahead, determined to give the rich a tax break.
No. It's time NOW to start articles of Impeachment. NOTHING in this country is more important. He is destroying us daily.
Absolutely we must impeach Dick Durbin & all the other lying democrats that shoved Obamacare down our throats w LIES. impeach !!
Trump has serious personality disorders that make it impossible for him to work well w/others. It's not going 2 get better, only worse.
Yeah, he's a nut case!!
#GOP doesn't care about us losing #healthcare. If they can't have their way, they'll continue to sabotage ACA/ruin healthcare for all. Sad!
Then why didn't you change it. It's the Dems program?
I'm glad I get to keep my insurance this month considering I am PREGNANT. Tell me @POTUS how is defunding healthcare pro-life???
Why? So you guys can get the SINGLE PAYER SYS. that the DEMS. so DESPERATLY WANT?
Hope springs eternal; Trump excepted. With Trump you need an effective non-Trump BATNA
Dick, You delivered a flawed system and now everyone is paying for it. You passed it just because big O wanted you too
Maybe you and your shouldn't have screwed the whole thing up to start with.  Just like a child living a mess for others to clean up
Commitment to work together takes both sides Senator. Dems stop trying to oust him and start to work with him.
This is a DemocRat mess not one Republican voted or was even consulted on it now you want help so you can say Rs touched and caused failure
Interesting you did not want Republican help on Obicare but now is different story. Push thru crap when you r in charge and stonewall now
I disagree, sir. He needs to be removed from office.
He can get great #healthcare in #prison. When in chemo at #Vanderbilt I sat next to a prisoner with complete civerage
Don't work with @POTUS on anything. No one trusts him to do the right thing.
Dick, we don't want more government control of HC... we want government out of our lives. Be honest. NO faux offers to the President!
He won't do anything for anybody it doesn't matter though he will be gone soon!
you'd be better served asking a goat to help you.
@Senate @Congress @SpeakerRyan @SenGraham @SenMcConnell @SenCorker @SenatorDurbin @SenJeffFlake @CNN @CBS @ABC @MSNBC @NBC IMPEACH, INDICT
Nahhhh it's time SIR, to REMOVE HIM. #Timeto25th45
Don't like that which you created? There is no uncertainty in O'care. It will fail without sabotage, just like your home state of Illinois.

Today would be a GREAT day 4 the @GOP to denounce Nazism by drafting articles of impeachment against @realDonaldTrump!

…
He's not capable Please finally acknowledge that.  What you see is what you get, have gotten and are gonna keep getting. Please get him out
Get Dick Durbin out for his lies about healthcare!!
He has no real incentive to do so.
Need to tell that to your democratic counterparts there Mr. Durbin
He can't. His ego won't allow for it.
He want's us to die because we did not support him. Please don't let this happen.
More like it is time for Trump to resign. All congress need to stop trying to normalize Trump. He is evil. He is destroying America.
Do you seriously think he would or cares?
Obamacare need more than strengthening can do. It needs repealed. Only citizens poor and those through big Co. have real insurance.
In a normal situation. This isn't even a bit so normal situation. This is just worst possible situation & trump don't care 1 bit. Obviously
He knows if he doesn't send the states their money extended care will indeed collapse
Well I lost that bet but I bet he doesn't next month when he's even angrier so he can say see I told you Obamacare was going to collapse
The People have Spoken Senator 62% want Obamacare Fixed We are coming the Government ROS
This is the only thing #trump had to commit to #Resign
Impeach him! He is not normal and I feel he is going to do more Evil!
No.....you pretty much built a pile of crap that deserves to go away. Suck it up, you failed.
How can you work with a Nazi sympathizer? It's time to demand a medical assessment of this president, and impeachment. #ImpeachOrResign
Time to impeach he is crazy
Impeach Trump Now
