Under pressure since Charlottesville violence, Trump says racism is "evil" and condemns KKK and neo-Nazis as "thugs" http://trib.in/2uVAcIT  
Your  Predident  never acknowledged Radical Islamic Terrorists! My Pres. said we must all denounce racism ,etc.
He is a busy man, +he needs not to jump the gun.
That is because he has a real job unlike you.
And Obama said what, when on Benghazi, police officers killed, beheadings, etc…. Hypocrisy
When will Dickie learn to just be quite he is not relevant to ANYTHING Chicago hurts and you run mouth about president. REALLY󾓦
Dick.Do u sincerely love USA? It made u filthy rich? As much I condem KKK, Nazis,etc.I equally condem cop killers.
Did u get It?Be repectful
While your law officials pamper criminals he was putting them in tent city in the AZ summer! In pink underwear.
IT didn't take him that long to condemn blacks in Chicago for violence, and was wrong in his claims at that.
I missed when he said specifically "blacks" are the cause of violence. Could you provide a video of the words coming from his mouth? #facts
1) I will look for that. He said gangs more, but in those he referenced blacks & Hispanics, point being quickly responded. He even sent.....
2) the FBI Forensic truck so as to get quicker convictions after the MacDonald assassination by the cops. He was going to send in troops....
3) but was nowhere to be found  for 2 days Durbin mentioned. It's his actions, or lack of, that does his speaking & silent in comparison.
And now he's doubled down. Please talk with your colleagues in the House to draft the articles of #Impeachment I'll be calling my IL-13
Trump condemned "Everyone" involved but that wasn't good enough for your kind. Anti-fa & BLM ARE the NEW KKK which was also started by DEMS
It's about time.
Sounds like this is the beginning of the end as we know it. The swamp is winning
I am surprised that even a Sen doesn't know what "ALL" means.Is this world in such a place that everything needs to be spelled out for them
We're waiting for anything constructive from you. But not holding our breath.
He could fire the 3 alt-right kooks he has in the WH first

Absolutely
If Mr Durbin wants to do it any faster then let him speak up
Didn't it feel he was reading it like a hostage forced to read propaganda?
Just look at the state you represent! Now that's a joke!
Why weren't the White Supremacists arrested?
We shouldn't have to keep spoon feeding this fool.  A QUALIFIED leader would have known EXACTLY how to act in this situation.
He didn't have to for me , I know he's not a racist, It's just one stumbling block after another, George Soros strikes again !
Thank you @SenatorDurbin he can show his sincerity by ejecting the white nationalists from the White House
He won't because he agrees with them. Just look at his Actions as a landlord in the '70's
Just like why Obama would not take out the people of the Muslim Brotherhood from the White House.  So it wasn't a problem then for you?
Why were you and all the left so silent when ANTIFA and BLM were rioting in cities?  #SilenceIsViolence #SilentConsent
Guess cuz that must have happened on some other planet or ALT UNIVERSE
obama invited blm into the white house yet you condemn our President now?
Stephan Colbert just said Trump had to order his backbone from Amazon, with 2 day Prime deliver.
He also did nor said anything for 4 days when Ferguson was violent.  He named cops and then the protestors. He  is still a joke.

Dick are you seriously counting hours of condemnation speech? I thought you were a leader? Where's your ability to lead?
Someone wrote it, someone else made him read it, but no one can make him believe it. Proof? He's considering pardoning Arpaio.
And ten minutes to condemn Kenneth Frazier
He's not going to actually take any steps over this because he actually supports what the alt-right is doing.
Only action we will see is Trumps de-funding of anti hate groups/KKK initiative budgets.  Sad!
We're going to keep waiting as long as the Alt-Right is by his side in the White House and constitutes his base.

Nope  I'm not, why get your hopes up & wait for something that won't ever happen. Somebody needs to tell him actions speak louder than words
All you spew is hate towards the president...Think about it...Look at all of your tweets... Hypocrit!!!
He did condem it immediately, sorry his words didn't meet your standards; this is most weekends in Chicago.
Why are you waiting for him to do anything senator. Democrats are hiding behind journalists by playing nice. No winning with "nice"
Hate is hate, whether from an organized assembly, or a lone individual. @realDonaldTrump didn't condemn the groups, but rather their ideas.
It took Trump just mins to attack a Black Man who quit Trumps phony Manu. council . ? the World knows what Trump Is .
This was handed out before antifa staged protest. Explain this.
To hypocrite senator Durbin. Remember this?
I am not holding my breathe!
Respectfully Senator, he duffed it again: "Anyone who acted criminally . . . will be held fully accountable". Anyone??? Criminally???
Your state is now in junk bond status. With a huge debt-School system now paying $850 MILLION interest on a $500 MILLION loan. SICK
Please work with other Sens and Reps to get him out!  He either an incompetent moron or trying to willfully destroy our democracy.
That still won't put Hilary in white house. Stop whining. Grow up and move on.
They are not "thugs".  Call them what they are - white genocide terrorists!
He's now considering pardoning Sheriff Arpaio of his contempt of court order 4 civil rights abuses. Actions speak louder than words
I am sure he was anxiously awaiting your response.
As long as Bannon is in the wh, I think that's our answer on the action.
There's NOTHING president Trump can do to make hate batter like you @SenatorDurbin senatordurhappy.Dems created KKK-do your job&stop hating!
And Obama  never did it
He won't. He needs to #FireBannon #FireGorka #FireMiller and then speak against voter suppression and gerrymandering
And your precious Obama has yet to call out RADICAL ISLAM. But your totally cool with that. #hypocrite
HMMM....Seems like that was what Hillary and Obama did about Benghazi except they actually LIED until they had been caught!!!
Stupid statement...he condemned it on Saturday but you on the left are just blinded by hatred.
You're not racist?? 
How often do you go shopping, to restaurants, in an all black neighborhood? Where do and don't you look to buy a house?
He will never be a president. Facists win if we fight amongst ourselves. #AmericanUnite
We'll be waiting till the 12th of Never.
No, Americans are waiting for Muller, legislators to do their job,  impeach the racist 45 get rid of all white supremacists in our house
Won't happen, literally nothing to impeach him on.
He condemned them all immediately, stop lying please.  If his words didn't satisfy a condemnation you had in your head say that.
Did you ever condem BLM or project Veritas or antifa. No you didn't so you are a hypocrite
Will comprehensively denounce all the groups that were there?
Have you condemned Louis Farakan or Rev Wright Al Sharpton ? While @POTUS did condemn white supremacist.
I can't hold my breath that long.
We will wait a long time; he is a racist. His base are racist; most of the GOP are racist. Nothing will be done
 #dumbass
Your state is In a tailspin and all u can do is spread more of your hate. U are useless
I thought he was going to say...'americans are waiting for him'... to resign.  Bc so many of us are....
As usual, that was the very last we'll hear abt that subject from him. Those weren't even HIS words.
Oh that would take forever
his word`s  think it was written  for him he spoke with no compassion  just empty words .
He lied and said Obama founded ISIS. Trump is the founder of birtherism and his campaign was a rally cry to allow hate to become public.
It was the Clinton campaign that first questioned Obamas birth.
When are you going to condemn #ANTIFA?
When will you demand an investigation of the cops letting the violence get out of hand?
We are still waiting on You & your pal Obama to apologize to White Americans & Cops for 8 yrs of riots, burned cities, looting and killings
Restore funding to DOJ for domestic terrorism investigations.
He doesn't know this is part of his job. Again Russia, Russia, Russia, loves what he is doing. Wrecking our democracy, then take Syria, etc.
So what. Have you done anything about Chicago and the State of affairs in Illinois?  It's been a while
Would have been more believable in his own words on Saturday. All that proves is he can read a script.

All you do is politicize everything! Monday morning quarterbacking! Why don't you condemn ANTIFA and BLM as well! Just as bad for country!!
Action? From him? Keep waiting, he got golf to do
Like obama letting cities burn or inviting them to the White House?
And it took him 2 hours to spew hatred towards a reporter after telling us all to get along!
Trump gets all the information before he speaks. Not a thing wrong with that.
Ya from his speech writers. His extemporaneous speech and tweets reflect his true attitudes. He has repeatedly espoused violence.
Obummer broke bread with the Iranians, BLM, and race hustlers...do you didavow?
All you Dems want 2 do is sit on your as*es & hurl insults. He condemned it. Where are all the Dems great ideas? All ur party does is divide
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin, for your leadership. We look to you to hold @realDonaldTrump accountable for emboldening all white supremacists.
To little far too late. We all know Trump has the Nationalists back. Maybe #Charlotteville will wake up voters to oppose the wacko Right.
Senator keep the pressure
Too little too late. Plus attacking the TV press representative on the way out of his China statement was a nice touch. Give me a break.
I think his first action will be pardoning Sheriff Joe for civil rights violations. So. Dog whistles.
And your hatred of President Trump? What side is that?
Yep. Time for @realDonaldTrump to #FireBrennon,  #FireMiller #FireMill, #FireGorka
No " do over" was necessary ---except for those dummies without common sense, biase and hate in their dark souls.
Dick Derby,when the swamp is drained,and you r fluhed out with the dirty water we will all breath a great sigh of relief.coming soon
Take out white supremacist and KKK terror cells. Fire Nazis in White House.
One can tell that he really struggled to read his prepared statement and not add an ad lib comment. Then no questions from the press.
Reminds me of Obama's Press conference after massive riots and both Whites and Cops were killed all over this country.  He only Enflamed it!
Wrong. I'm not going to bother waiting on something that will NEVER happen.
wish you were this outspoken about Fort Hood how long did they have to wait to get the benefits they deserved because of @BarackObama
What are your plans for action? It takes more than one man to fix the problem. Don't just lay the problem on the president.
Here's his action, he's seriously considering issuing pardons for racist abusers of power:
We shan't hold our breath. #IMPEACHMENTNOW
Yes Senator ROS
#FireBannon
