Get your vote at all cost. Pandering to illegals is pathetic. How about helping Americans? Are you ok w\ Europe being destroyed by mooslims?
Are you seriously asking her this? The Republicans hold all the power in washington and haven't done shit
Yes. She's a powerful voice. She's my elected leader & needs to take action or at least made aware of the issues
Maybe. But is public education worth fighting for? Dismal performance & leftist indoctrination is concerning to me.
Well most doctors, lawyers, teachers, engineers, nurses, and more are educated in public schools so I'd say yes.
If public schools stuck to STEM, & not added leftist propaganda, I'd support them. This cult of diversity & multiculturalism is destuctive.
Telling people to respect other cultures is not a cult it's called being a decent human being.
Thank you......we all were immigrants. .we all were dreamers. ..resist
True, but we weren't all illegal-which is the issue anyway...
Let them go back and improve their own countries. That's s worthy goal/vision.
So do Legal American kids born and raised here from generations of legal Americans
Yes! Common sense! Thanks for posting'
@SenFeinstein @TheDemocrats @RepAdamSchiff @SenKamalaHarris 
15 states have come together to sue the Trump Admin over #DACA, where is CA?!
States should sue Congress! They made this mess due to ineptitude. Trump did the right thing to get this settled.
Don't forget all the money they cost and jobs illegal immigrants take from honest citizens. You are a vial & sick for supporting lawbreakers

Did you forget about the Dreamers who are MS13 gang members in direct violation of the DACA requirements? Or choose to omit?
Sure did you mention anything about the 120,000+ of them involved in criminal activity. Or the 2332+ involved in Gang Related crimes?
OBAMA SHOULD BE IMPRISONED.
Thank you for standing up for Compassion and Justice!
Just wish she would show as much concern about Americans. She's a good example of why we need term limits. She's all bs, no substance.
How about the dreamers there are nightmares to their neighbors… Do you care about that or should American Express suck it up
How bout protecting Americans. ...
Go spurs
Yes, we saw and all we thought about was the dead Americans at the hands of DACA criminals we could have saved if laws followed & Deported!
What happens to DACA is up to you, fund wall or no amnesty at all.
So fund the wall & e-verify so DACA can be citizens, but no 4th amnesty without REAL border security, not mere patrols u defund in year!
Not all?

theyarediane!potus-train
wayaheadofu!-concentr
ur-energiestowardcntryunity
not÷ision!helpuscleanup
swamphillsowehavea
respectedcntrystill!
Get the dam dreamers out
Thank you, I'm grateful you are my Senator

https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.breitbart.com%2Fradio%2F2017%2F09%2F06%2Fangel-mom-mendoza-politicians-fighting-illegal-immigrants-not-american-citizens%2F&h=ATNSkbJPpg3fs7tcOsZ05TH12SUctLqt4sUNM6m6xcnChz4eqTgm58z8ITXnxXXZVRBqdgvJakcntT54Gt-xo-C-0IUw3ELnf0JMqFy0YVUsFArkpLe09BrgbW0pgTug0Vgc6SkOBkJxIhwep1AdIyvZsDqEhauu1oeybFvz1e_twOYJZHrYmPtt_qieJY_LzUBEAEOMQ7_LCXSt6KIcMRYO0v9n_-fhyZN2w3PNl171ZMgVxqJAcovT14TX-M0okcFmvlPTIMbUi4WAVbiVpTM7cj6kiVxy1ndo4qa26HHN0w …

SICKENING!
we have 3,000 dreamers in prison.We have 21,000 that had there daca taken away.85 percent on welfare.Not right when we have vets dying
Thank you, Senator Feinstein.
What about the contributions that Americans made, and now they put of a job.
Louder Di Fi
#TheyHaveToGo

Translation: I banged quite a few pool boys thus allowing you intern jobs, come to mama for more and you can stay! #DACA #MAGA #liberals
How about our vets?  Are you that passionate for them?  I think not just by looking at your actions
With all due respect Senator... will you folks please get some work done. Enough talking. Do something!
Obey the law deport.
#ProtectDREAMers #impeachNaziInChief
Fortunately the invaders did not carry guns across the border to shoot us. Obama's Fast & Furious guns stayed in Mexico to shoot thousands.
Did you mention enforcing the laws that Congress passed?  Probably not since it doesn't fit your narrative.
CA Democrats have only one valid defense for their sellout of American jobs to foreign nationals - not guilty by reason of insanity.
Protect my dreamers first. You were elected to represent my dreamers. They are illegal fasttrack them from their home country.
California's politicians Feinstein, Harris, Pelosi, Schiff, Gov. Brown raised the white flag of surrender to welcome the invaders.
Thank you Senator! You always do what is best for CA. I wish we could clone you.
Yes, and that is why California is going down the toilet.  We lag behind almost every other states on educatn, but beat everyone on tax rate
Vicente Fox, former President of Mexico, tweets the true purpose of illegal immigration - to take over America.
Too bad you can't recognize contributions of Catholics. Respectfully request you quit your anti-Catholic bigotry regarding judicial nominees
Yes, let's talk about their contributions. #EndDACA
Dis you speak about the criminals, of course not
That's one thing the Senate is good at, TALKING. All of you should be voted out of office.
It is illegal. POTUS did the right thing. Now you do your job. Make limits, no more eligible, no free tuition. Our citizens first.
What about my kids? What about kids in ghettos, poor, living on streets? How about helping vets? Obama was wrong to do this.
Why aren't u talking abt Spy Ring in #Congress Prosecution may b asleep but we are NOT  Are you being blackmailed? 
I expect you as MY senator to make sure our borders are secured. Time to compromise if you want the Dreamer Act. #DoYourJob
You are really a piece It's unconstitutional but I guess that never stopped u before https://twitter.com/president1trump/status/905011692005941248 … Talk abt Spy Ring in #Congress
FLASHBACK @SpeakerRyan IN 2014 said DACA Amnesty is blatantly unconstitutional #MAXWARRIORS 
but jew couldn't hear it cause theys were wearing a nightcap, smee
Many good people, but they did get a free ride. As adults, it's time for payback.We need help in the military. It'll strengthen all of us.
The dogma lives loudly inside you
Please, is there any window, start talking about dapa also. Time to fix immigration as a whole....
Trump gave Congress6 months to fix it-so fix it!
Thought you where going to look into @AGLynch telling @JamesComeyFBI  to call @HillaryClinton investigation a "matter" ?
You need to hold Trump's feet to the fire .. don't attach anything to this bill ... just protect the 800,000 dreamers; tackle the rest later
Absolutely. Then later, reform the legislative process to end attachments, riders, etc. that muddle and obfuscate the process.
Rule of law!!!!!!!!!!!
RULE OF LAW FIRST
@SenFeinstein you forgot to mention the #RaiseAct which would alleviate all of the concerns we all have for the safety of these dreamers.

NO! They gotta get back to where they r from. You don't like that, u can go with them
DID YOU HAPPEN TO MENTION THE MANY CONTRIBUTIONS MADE BY AMERICAN CITIZENS ,I DIDN'T THINK SO , WE ARE HERE TO STAY TOO, # GOD BLESS AMERICA
Of course they should. Right after hungry and homeless AMERICAN children and vets. Your priorities are ass backwards, Senator
Protect them back to the border then make sure they don't come back illegally
Why have they not tried to become citizens?
That's what I keep asking. My mom did it LEGALLY so I don't get why other people can't
I am proud for you!
DACA is being attacked by a very, very bad president. Wish you'd agree with that.
You r not a lawyer?DACA100%unconstitutional. Ilegal program created by Obama.DEMS.must respect USA  LAWS
Constitution Article 1, section 9, No ex post facto law shall be passed. It also says prior, migration after 1808 is controlled by CONGRESS.
But DACA was never a law-it was a memo from Obama, ergo what Obama started Trump can take away...
Please post on Facebook, publicize specific data. We need to support young people's diversity in the US. It will lead to our global strength
Your globalist, open-border mindset is dying. You just don't know it yet. Your days as a leader are numbered. Proud Americans will replace u
What about contributions of LEGAL ANERICANS, DIANNE?? WE DESERVE THE AMERICAN DREAM, BEFORE ILLEGALS! You're too ignorant to admit this!
Did you talk about these guys????
Europeans are being raped & slaughtered by Muslims. Do you care? My ancestral homeland of Germany is being destroyed by Muslims & Merkel!
So you didn't mention the 2000+ "dreamers" who have been arrested
Thank you for supporting DACA.  Can you please tie a DACA bill to any GOP legislation this fall?  They need to get a lot done.  We need DACA
Thank you senator
Little less grandstanding -- little more action. Eric 93035
Exactly. It's all politics. Makes me sick.
So glad to see that you work  hard and put in all that effort to help the people of 'ANOTHER' Country!... How about us ?
Just a lot of hot air and hypocritical grandstanding.
Broke federal immigration law and are now part of #DACA, a program which is not and never has been Constitutional. Guess u don't care 4 laws
Of course not California passed the gas tax with no vote.. She doesn't give a rats ass
#thesilentmajority
They are ours to protect
Great. Can you also work on getting the voting machines out of the hands of the GOP or we will never have fair elections. Thanks.
YOU ARE A BOT
Did you talk about this guy??
It not about the contribution of some (versus others) but mercy for those in this situation.
Thank you Senator. Keep it up. WE THE PEOPLE are with you.
Getting to where illegal immigration is seen as an entitled right by democrats." Come on down! You're the next on Let's Screw the USA!"
Still illegal until immigration reform is passed .
Good job
Every Drop Makes the #BlueWave Bigger...
Want revenge for DACA? Let's fill Session's old seat with someone who prosecuted the KKK @GDouglasJones 
Donate  https://dougjonesforsenate.com 
RT https://twitter.com/ripgop2018/status/905092720661643264 …
The Blue wave.  The only wave you'll see is a wave of fresh Conservative blood in place of RINO Republicans. Americans have had enough.
Did you speak on #ImpeachTrump ? We will remember who #Resist , there should be a loud voice heard every day that this fiasco continues.
Is that a moral judgement absent of God? Are you accustomed to measuring morality from some Good that just happens to reside within you?
The President should not break the law to protect them, do your job and make a law
go vote, do it, stop self-aggrandizement and grandstanding.  This is not about you
#NoWallNoDaca Looks like @realDonaldTrump is getting his wall after all! #Winning

Thank you Dianne. America needs more like you.
