But the obscenely wealthy will get their enormous tax cuts.  So, no problem.  Beggar thy neighbor on a local scale.  Self destructive.
The wall would be $25B becuz @Potus is in charge. Illegals are costing us $119B per year so that's a HUGE savings. Also it will save lives!
I thought that wall was just going to be a newer fence. 
Hahaha
Trump said Mexico was paying for it . Did he lie?
DUH
Psych evaluation & impeachment or treason for Trump now
...therefore let's not allow him to build it!  (And for the many other reasons that speak against it.)
Border security is necessary, a 70 billion dollar wall is NOT. I think Trump's motive for the wall is a  Monument to himself. To brand USA!
Wanna save $?
Trump & all of his treasonous pals can resign now
Illegal immigrants cost us taxpayers more than that every year. Build the wall!
Let 's make a deal where the wealthiest would pay and maintain,that would be most of Trumps people and Cabinet
Amen to that
We Illinoisans are counting on you to stop this, Senator!  -voter from IL 10th
This Illinoian says build the the wall. And for this Senator to do his job and stop obstructing. 62690
Illinoisan
#BuildThatWall Americans want the wall!  Support our President.  You are an obstructionist.  Do your job!
Bigotry is not more important than taking care of veterans, elderly, disabled,children, etc. I don't want to pay for it. #theydigtunnels
Elections have consequences....President Obama said it.  You supported it then...or are you a hypocrite now?
Ludricrous
So pathetic isn't it!

Sounds like a bargain to real #Americans my not to someone looking for #illegals to vote for him
How many roads and bridges could that repair
Agree that it is a total waste of resources.
Stop him
We don't want a wall
I live in Texas and we don't want the damn wall! @tedcruz better listen he is up in 2018 EC won't help you like it did Trump!
His ass is grass.  I am voting that ass kisser out
nope. Plow that $ into giving the poor healthcare instead.
YES
We are not building that stupid wall.  Trump will be in jail before that.
Hope so as well as his family
This wall is an attempt to enrich those with the power to build and maintain, in perpetuity
And for trump and family to make even more money.  Its all about him and his billionaire cronies.
Not on my dime they don't
Insane! VOTE NO!
Like the estimates you & fellow Dems gave all of us about ObamaCare? Time for Dick to go!
No!  Please let folks know that we don't WANT a wall!
Just say NO!
We as a country cannot afford this ridiculous wall.  This is a foolish idea and does not merit discussion.
We spend 300 million on benefits for illegals each year
I'll pay for that I'm a tax pair I want the wall build that wall build that wall I voted for Donald Trump to build that wall
@Bhawksfan84 Why is this ridiculous wall even a talking point?
Who cares about who has to pay that wall? I know one guy who won't pay a pennie for it.
Just another dumb idea to catch dumb supporters during the election... the Russians probably suggested this wall building crap to Trump !!!!
No more foreign aide.   Stop spending our money on your pet projects.  Build the wall so no more Americans die at the hands of illegals
DO NOT BUILD THIS STUPID WALL!!! FULLY FUND SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY INSURANCE!!!
Thank you - Keep giving us the real numbers and comparing to scale of programs those Yahoos are cutting!
Here's an idea, build relationships with our border countries and maybe we wouldn't need a wall! Don't alienate with dumb ideas!
Hey genius. The American taxpayer IS on the hook for every illegal that breaks into this country. Your phony tax payer concern is laughable.
On top of that consider the years of litigation taking American People's property from them through eminent domain. Secure fence act.
I don't think either America or Mexico should pay 4 Trump Wall. Spend the money on education& healthcare for America.
we could just use the $80bn+ per year we use on supporting illegal immigrants through free food, housing, healthcare and whatnot. #WINWIN
And Trump will make millions off the building. Crooked deals w his croonies
Compare that to the expense of maintaining illegal. School, Healthcare, etc. the walls a bargain
I don't trust any num thrown around by a D. When it's something u want it's inexpensive. When it's the other guy, it's...you know the rest
The Obamacare website took 2 Billion to build maybe stop giving our tax dollars to countries like Pakistan who burn the US Flag!
The wall is ridiculous & must be stopped. Donald wants it bc of his ego. Taxpayers already are paying for his vacations & Melania's security
Disgraceful devastating cuts to Medicaid,SNAP,education,environment. Next target is SS&Medicare.Wait till the 65+ realize that.#ResistTrump
How about investing that money towards Medicaid, Meals On Wheels, Veterans instead??
Government estimates tend to be what? Oh that's right, completely incorrect. Or else nobody would have lost their insurance or their doctor
Under Obamacare. Of course some government claims are just a load of horse 
The question is what will you do about it?
What bothers me is reading that drug and human traffickers are using ports, but for some reason, he is focused on an impractical wall.
I hope that you and the rest of the Senate can put a stop to it! The middle class can't afford it!
Not to worry Dick, our President will make a deal that will eventually result in Mexico paying the bill.
If we do not spend these money on the wall, they will be spent on some kind of new Middle East war. Americans will never see them anyway.
So, let's invest into real estate at least. It is always appreciates.
American taxpayers funding a lot of pointless project - UN, NATO, Middle East, you name it. $70bn is nothing.
We are already on the hook. We are paying through the nose and getting flood of #H1B, #H4, #L1, #OPT, #H2B indentured servants in return.
Folly
Seems reasonable, bruh. Sign it!!
Please focus on what is important!
So why do we want to do this? Remind me? To keep them out, or us in?
Can he build a wall around him/cabinet/followers instead?  I'd have less of a problem paying for THAT wall!
Oh no! No choice but to do nothing and surrender.
No thanks
no problem with the proposed cuts to social services programs we can make it out of former medicaid recipients
So what's your idea to stop the massive influx. I hear lots of talking but no action from ANY politician
Let's use this money for Teaching Health Centers instead!
Daily slaughter in Chicago, but...
