I dream of owning some fine beach front land in Cancun.  But I can't because it's illegal in Mexico for an American.
Simply false. And DREAMers only dream of being able to drive, work, study, and contribute to society. Quit your whining.
You're being disingenuous by ignoring his statement. He said beachfront property. That's a within the restricted zone. A Trust holds Title.
Yes, you're right. I am not a homeowner but as I understand it, setting up a trust to hold the title is still a form of ownership.
And it's deflection to talk about property rights from foreign countries. Although it's tempting to make the comparison, the topic here was
DREAMers, brought to America as literally children. Who grew up here & are American in every way & are the epitome of what makes an American
And whether you like it or not, they consider themselves American and have bipartisan support. America was founded on immigrants
So it is ignorant to paint them all with one brush. Not all are bad. And not all deserve to be scapegoats for America's real problems.
How about you start worrying about American children who are having a hard time w/ their dreams??? #RepealDACA
American children are able to eventually have a job, apply for college/federal financial aid etc.
So the fuck what?!?!? Our kids comes first. This isnt remotely close to an argument.
1. Undocumented immigrants already don't qualify for anything from the federal government!
2. They benefit the welfare system since they pay billions in taxes, yet they can't reap any of the benefits.
3. And these are more than just undocumented immigrants. These are children who came through no fault of their own.
Are they legal citizens? If not they don't deserve a damn thing! Crazy liberals!
Jesus was an immigrant and refugee. You fake Christian.
The resistance is a communist organization.  Just Like the Nazis, you hate the Lord Jesus,  and you hate our father in heaven.
Hahaha. No it's not. You are a joke, and a fake Christian with no real genuine values. You mask your bigotry with your religion. Move along.
Jesus is my Lord and Savior he's the savior of the world actually he'd even save a Wretch like you
 obviously you don't think so since "saving" aka being able to work, drive, study, join the military ONLY belongs to white Americans right?
You have to accept Jesus Christ to get to heaven. He didn't say you have to be religious or follow man-made rules.
So in other words you're saying it doesn't matter if you are racist, bigoted or an intolerant person towards an entire group of people?
No, they don't. Sucks for them, but we're a nation of laws. They have to suffer the consequences of their parent's decision to break them.
Why?
Why do illegal aliens' kids "deserve a fair shot at the American dream"?
Tell me. Dickie Turbin, who in the world DOESN'T deserve this?
Are they here illegally? If so they are criminals.. Would you give a rapist or a murderer a "chance"  Stop it with this craziness
It's a stretch, but the Neo-Marxist Regressive Left does it all the time with impunity. "Millions will die if Obamacare is repealed".
Very true
Why not get in touch with young AMERICANS and fight to give them a path to the American Dream? What exactly are you fighting for? Absurd.
They don't want to be American they despise us
No welfare or benefits 2 Illegals or new immigrants 
My gf got a job& brought relatives here 
So did my friends 
Legally
Please do this Senator 
DACA who have not been convicted of crimes should not fear deportation.
Problem then whole family stays& gets welfare or take am jobs
Its not my fault i wasnt born rich
Boo hoo
? about dreams of legal citizens? Regardless of race,especially those that have never had educational opportunities or safety? Citizens 1st
Thank you Senator Durbin! You are attempting to change so many lives, the true definition of a public servant!
White Americans cant get jobs
But u dezerve help
I've called my Senator almost 100X to share my U.S. born children's stories too.  They deserve a shot at the dream 1st! #repealDACA
They already have a shot first. They will be able to have a job & work, apply for college, for federal/financial aid, better healthcare.
DREAMers don't get nearly as half the privileges as your U.S. citizen child. Comprehensive immigration reform is needed. Quit your whining.
How many kids in college do you have paying out of state tuition that were valedictorians?
I don't know, care to state any statistics with real sources to back up your claim?
Thank you!!!
Thank you 4 putting criminals b4 merica
Hes using u for votes - dope
Translated: Anglos limit reproduction 4 fiscal & conservation responsibility. Leading mass importation increases my likability by displacers
Thank you for your dedication and hard work! Continue to fight so our brothers and sisters in the American Dream don't lose hope! 
Just the white&& blk kids dont deserve jobs
Deport- get in line
Both parties want illegal cheap labor
A "fair shot at the American Dream" doesn't involve criminal activity. Get back to me when robbers' kids get to keep the $$$, 'kay?
Not if they're not Americans and here illegally they don't.
Thank you.
Im so annoyed im firing my lawn guy bc i thk he has some Illegals on his crew
I have nothing against LEGAL immigrants 
NJ puts Illegals 1st
are they somehow being prevented from applying for citizenship?
According to Dick, "citizenship" is meaningless and lacking any true worth.
That's just it, citizenship is being pimped away which leaves the people with liabilities vice good neighbors
Will all legal immigrants be reimbursed immigration fees? Mmmmm
Illegal aliens don't "deserve" anything. No amnesty to criminals in our country illegally.
You only represent YOURSELF. Illinois is in RUINS due to you and your fellow DemoNrats. WE WILL DEFEAT YOU.
Kate deserved to fulfill her dreams as well as 100's of others? Since they're dead not relevant anymore?
America deserves immigrants who will respect our immigration laws! We deserve Congressmen who will put #AmericaFirst. You're no Republican.
Some Republicans aren't Republicans, either.
That entire post was originally for Linsey Graham.  I forgot to delete the "You're no Republican" part when I posted it here.
Comment stands. Some of them might as well self-deport from the GOP to the D side.
Just clarifying my mistake.  I agree with you 100%.
How about young black children in every city in America first?
Many innocents in Black America being hurt, killed, or maimed by crime in their neighborhoods. Chicago in particular is very bad.
Never sit in a parked car for any length of time in Chicago. Park and go. Keep your doors locked. Leave a gap or an out in all neighborhoods
You're right! I used to love going to Chicago but won't go there now. Too much unchecked crime. I feel sad for people living there
Carjacking is up in many of the so-called nice neighborhoods. Don't tell the people it will scare them. Just like when bodies are found
That's right yet plenty of people love abuse.
Senator, you took outh of the office to follow the constitution and laws of the land. Yet you emporing law breaking illigal aliens! Weak up
Senator,as proud US citizen who legally imigrated& processed, do U think dreamers should blame the US or thier law breaking parent? Thnx
I dream of a country where illegals are not here!U are a supposed lawmaker. Keep the laws that are on the books!Do U know what illegal means
No, they don't. They deserve to be treated humanely while they are processed for removal from MY country. Period.

No, Senator, they don't. They have already benefitted from being here illegally. Ship them back, let them do it the right way.
Once they resorted to ILLEGAL ENTERPRISES rather than trying to rescue their own inheritance, we know they FLUNK the CITIZENSHIP TEST.
BLOCK
What about American citizens dreams, like not being killed by illegal immigrants????
Because American citizens are never killed by American citizens. Why do you fall for this crap?
The haters will always cry foul. My ancestors dreamed of freedom and loved Democracy. I listened as a child.
Then get in line
DREAMers are Americans whether you like it or not.For someone who claims god & jesus you sure dont represent ANY religious values whatsoever
Yes they are.
You put illegals ahead of U.S. citizens. Should be ashamed.
They're not getting put ahead. U.S. citizens already come first & Dreamers don't get nearly the same privilege as them anyways. Stop crying.
No they are not  you are a joke.
Have you been to the border a 100x to listen to YOUR countrymen horror story's?
Ur a traitor 2 Americans kids
And there's the problem...you forgot the taxpayers who pay you.
You are a THIEF! ILLEGAL ALIENS have NOT EARNED the AMERICAN DREAM. ROBBER DENS HAVE NO ENTITLEMENTS but to the HARVEST of the SEED sowed
Someone else deserves a shot at your senate seat.
Turban durbin admits he cares more about foreigners than Americans!

Why is this POS still in office again?
Who else DESERVES a fair shot?  Veterans? 
Civilians with deep roots in this country?

what are you doing for them?
100x wow how many times have you gone to the floor for veterans or homeless. I'll tell you 0
Most of these so called dreamers are all criminals and many are drug dealing gang member's!
How many times have you had the balls to stand on the Senate floor and defend #KateSteinle 's rights
The American Dream is only for Americans!
Anyone in this country illegally needs to be deported immediately.
No they don't
So, you only believe in the dreams of Mexican immigrants.  What about American children.
Maybe you should move to that country since that's who you seem to represent.  Make things "dreamy" there.
You can't steal a shot at the American dream. Illegals are thieves whether parents or http://whoever.wow  look what mommy stole for me.
Deserve it because you say so? Sorry. Not good enough. They broke the law. Period.
Wheh have you gone there for citizens?
Then you've been in the Senate way too long.
Hey, Dick: it's called a deficit. Don't borrow my kids' money to steal their dream & hand it over to someone else.
since when do illegals American Dream take precedent over actual Americans?
Not at the tax payers expense...
They produce the votes to keep you leftists in power.  They deserve NOTHING from us.
Not more than tax-paying Citizens. Thats where the Line starts. Get in it.
Worry about US citizens! You were NOT elected to represent #IllegalAlians. REPEAL OBAMACARE! I'm sending ICE to get your maid & gardener.
Roflol
Thats funny
Im wondering if my lawn guys are all legal
Its jersey so wild guess is nope
Illegals are employed in NJ & take citizenJob
Bull.
How many times for Americans???
...are making that nearly impossible!!  I guess someone has to foot the bill for your damn dreamers, huh?
I know it's a foreign concept but how about you put Americans first.
What abt the dreams of actual Americans? What is with liberals that you care more abt illegals than Americans?
Someone that wants to help US Citizens deserves a fair shot at your Senate Seat.  Let's all vote DIck Durbin OUT.  Drain the SWAMP.
Why? Why should they deserve anything that Americans and legal immigrants deserve MORE.
Why do we keep getting stories of 'dreamers' with a dozen crimes/deportations killing someone?
Then why do they commit disproportionately more crimes, take more benefits and contribute fewer taxes to the country?
Since they are here illegally, what makes you think they "deserve" anything?
Maybe care more about our homeless children, families, and veterans instead. They deserve a fair shot also. Do you even care?
. . . and how many times have you gone to the Senate floor on behalf of American citizens killed by "dreamers"?
You are to advocate for AMERICANS.... not illegals
They have a fair shot by applying for LEGAL citizenship.
Hell. You should not have ever set foot on the floor of the Senate.
So do ALL real American citizens and their families who struggle daily. Maybe they didn't elect you?
"Dreamers" are ILLEGAL. They need to get out and come back LEGALLY. #DefendDACA . Being a Senator, you should know that.
No they stole their way here by coming illegally.
People like you need voted out. Deport all DACA. Have millions of Americans reach their dreams first. End DACA USA 1st
Start by handing them your Congressional salary instead of our tax dollars.
If they want aFAIR shot at American dream they go to BACK of LEGAL immigration line, BEHIND others in line. LEGAL immigration ONLY, no cuts!

THEY ARE NOT "IMMIGRANTS" THEY ARE FELONIOUS ILLEGAL ALIEN INVADERS - FOREIGN INSURGENTS who are aided by TRAITORS to the USA CONSTITUTION
Little Dickie,,, just go dream in their country,,,
Yes, they do. But none of their relatives. Just them.
NO THEY DON'T! THAT'S BAIT, U GET HOOKED!
U SWALLOW BAIT & LOSE CAPACITY TO THRIVE
U can do that to Yrself, but when U drag us DOWN w/U
UPay
AND THE FOREST FIRES THEY START TO DISTRACT ATTENTION of Local Law Enforcement.
Good Lord in Heaven!!!
DEPRIVING ANIMALS OF OXYGEN & HOMES
Sure they do. Leave and come back in legally. Whats wrong with that? What other laws are allowed to break senator ?
Nothing wrong with immigrants coming here.....LEGALLY.
Have you told any stories where the dreamer murdered one of your own?
No they don't.they deserve is an opportunity to better themselves at home. We can help, so long as it doesn't conflict w our values
They actually don't unless they legally immigrate here. #truth. No entitlement.
They can fulfill those dreams where they came from! We have black communities with no hope of even attempting to dream. Americans first Dick
How many times did you tell an Americans story on the senate floor?
How about coming to America legally, like the law states!
How about STAYING HOME AND FIGHTING TO SAVE THEIR OWN INHERITANCE in their own HOMELANDS
Dick, there's always some emotional story to tell. How bout you share the stories of how hard LEGAL immigrants worked to earn their dream!
What part of illegal don't you understand. You create laws for others to follow, but you are willing to let some people slide.
How many times have you done that for victims of illegal alien criminals?  You are a truly corrupt politician.
Then they need to do what any other immigrant does. Go out, file your papers and wait your turn.
How many times did you go to the senate floor to stop your Democrat party from supporting the killing of innocent babies? Coward
What about immigrants who come here legally and get brushed aside by your precious "dreamers". Where's their fair shot? #hypocrite
Try American stories then maybe someone will listen to you.
no they have to go back you traitor
One question: why? One answer: they will vote Dem. Quid pro quo. Everything @TheDemocrats do is about buying votes with your tax $$$
@TheDemocrats keep creating new classes of 'victims' that need to be government dependent Dem voters. These are vote farms fertilized by $$$
No, they don't....DICK.
I dream of having affordable housing in California. Try living in CA. I'm sure Illinois isn't having a housing crisis.

So my son's dream need to take a back seat to illegal dreamers.. Got it..
Why? There are homeless veterans, broken schools, and crumbling infrastructure, why not invest your time in America first?
We are all dreaming of the day when you leave office! Senator, you can go home with the dreamers and reapply for citizenship.
What about young American's dreamers?
Would you do us all a favor and RETIRE!!!
But not at the expense of legal residents. Americans should not be treated as second class citizens behind #DACA
American citizens are losing their freedom daily while some of you wear blinders .
They aren't wearing BLINDERS!
They are BUILDING THEIR DREAM DICTATORSHIP complete with SLAVES.
Anyone who comes into this country legally deserves a fair shot at the American Dream. All else are criminals and deserve a criminals fate.
What are you,   Nuts?
NO, HE IS NOT "NUTS" but he'd love U to DISMISS & IGNORE HIM
Just a Sinner who hates the Lord of Heaven, the Constitution, & Rule of Law
That's about how many murders each year in Chicago from illegals...did you speak about them?
They have recd free ed all their lives. They shd pay for college like everyone else! Why shd taxpayers continue to pay?
How about a bill to reform immigration instead of story telling?
Then have them do it legally, DICK!
@SenatorDurbin Please respond back to me. I'm a PhD and have information that will help you fight the antisocial Republican agenda.
And tell us how you determine this???
People come here wanting the "american dream"? Wondering if that means starting at the bottom and work their way up...like everyone else.
There needs to be NO American homeless, there needs to be NO American hungry, every veteran needs taken care of first! No exceptions!
THEY HAVE A DREAM.....
Maybe give a damn about the LEGAL constituents you represent? Never mind, this is IL and NO ONE represents the LEGAL constituents here.
You sound like a broken 45 that should've been thrown out 40 years ago
#DestroyDACA!
Come LEGALLY or Don't come at all. You Deserve NOTHING!
Dear Dick if they are here legally I would agree. Something tells me you don't care if ppl are here illegally.
You side with criminals who broke our laws coming here illegally. Their fair shot is following our laws and coming here legally
They deserve nothing. We have citizens who are homeless and starving. How about you take care of them first
Dreamers and legal are different you insult people who follow laws of the land
Wrong. Come here legally, go through the process like those before them. Otherwise you should be arrested and deported for good.
Tell us, Senator Dick, why the imaginary rights of illegal foreigners are more important than the actual rights of Americans.
Hey Dick, if my dad robbed a bank, can i keep the money?
If the come here legally they can chase the American dream! Come here illegally get deported.
They deserve nothing! They are not citizens. They are here illegally. End of story.
Says the communist senator from the worst state in the country.
You are a TRAITOR to the American people.
You don't give a damn about real Americans.
More voters for the communist party, right dick?
When did Illegal Aliens become more important to you? 33% of Hispanic vote went to the man not pandering to legal immigrants with illegals.
What about American kids dream for the American Dream? You represent us not illegals, you are a poor excuse for an American!
Illegal is illegal is illegal and two illegals does not make one legal-/ not how it works
Dreamers are done ... daca good by!
Fair? How's moving to the front of the line fair?
Not at taxpayers expense.
PUT AMERICAN FIRST FOR ONCE! STOP ONLY THINKING ABOUT VOTES! YOU DEMS DONT EVEN LIKE THE POOR BLACKS OR MEXICANS!ONLY ILLEGALS! ONLY 4 VOTES
How about the shots they take away from American college graduates?
Defend Trump travel ban.
Let's toss him over the wall.
Thank you sir
STOP trivializing our citizenship! No one has a "right" to come to this country. Rights are first produced then earned with responsibilities
True. Everyone deserves equality
Congrats on getting this issue wrong on the Senate floor almost 100X. Here's to your unending idiocy.
No.
Americans are also Dreamers, we dream of jobs, nat'l security, lower taxes, AHC and you guys doing your jobs.
No, they don't. They don't deserve the homeland their parents left them either, but that's not our concern.
Why should they be rewarded for breaking the law? If me or a member of my family breaks the law, you assholes throw the book at us.

True,  but what's fair has to be legal.  Cherry picking undermines the rule of law.
All one needs to do is look at @AnnCoulter to see see the malignancy in an America that doesn't embrace immigration.
Why?American children come first.Go to the inner cities & the rural areas. Help them learn History,Civics & Skills &educational opportunties
When will you start talking about defending your own American citizens? It's appalling that we never hear this from Democrats. #GoTrump
Thank you for doing this! And thank you for your continued service.
