New name for health care bill.
TRUMP DEATH CARE
I kinda like KOCH DEATH BILL!
If this passes, I WILL DIE
Repeal Republicans
BEST IDEA YET!!
Asking your followers to call their Senators. Esp. @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenAlexander @senrobportman
By the way, these so called "Republicans" are already on the Dem side. John McCain used to be my hero.Sad he's not well&lost integrity.
John McCain was never a hero. Ever.
@StephenLuick 180 million will lose their health insurance through their work if Communist Democrats get single payer scheme.
And this is why: greed
Wonder no more. The Koch donor network will give GOP $400M for 2018 *only if ACA is repealed* & tax reform passes https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/26/koch-network-piggy-banks-closed-republicans-healthcare-tax-reform …
We have been supporting Durban & they are the biggest welfare recipients to the AMERICAN people.
Bot
So do something
Pleeze.....
@StephenLuick @_edwardmondini_ Turban Durbin is lying, but he is a Democrat so that's to be expected. 180 million will lose
Lots of bots in these comments

@StephenLuick @_edwardmondini_ Are soaring. There has been less choices in the exchanges as there are zero or one option.
My senator! I love you!

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Look please stop defending Obama care its a disaster were voting you OUT come mid terms
TRUTH is a lying BOT!
@StephenLuick @_edwardmondini_ their company plans if the Democrats ever get their Socialized single payer plan. Obamacare
.@SenatorDurbin why are you silent on #MedicareForAll?
Illinois=BlueState does Not mean you are safe.
Either get on board or out of the way!
Get real .@SenatorDurbin It has already happened under your unaffordable, FLAWED AHCA #Obamacare THE MIDDLE CLASS ARE THE VICTIMS! #Repeal.
I don't see a better idea on the table. Should have worked together before we got to this point. Too much Obstruction
Yes obstruction by conservatives caused alot of problems
Let the states decide how to handle it.  The federal gov't is NOT Constitutionally mandated to supply health insurance to all.
OH YEAH... they've got "lots" of money!....NOT
SOROS SON
Bot needing translation from Spanish
There's no such thing as "free health insurance." We pay for it all thru tax increases that will HAVE to take place if ACA survives.
You'll pay if it doesn't! How much do you think all those ER VISITS for millions with no HC WILL COST?? Helluva lot more than ACA!!
....also retired, disabled, children, planned parenthood, pre existing conditions & every other f**king thing u can think of 
@SenatorDurbin Why don't you push back with Single Payer then? Don't just resist, give people a vision. You have a bully pulpit, use it!
Simple....not the answer!
What needs to be seen is actual bill itself plus the pros & cons. Only then can we make an informed, intelligent decision.
This is what happens when GOP gets to set the agenda. 

Maybe try getting all Dems on board with single payer?
Capitalism has turned it's back on humanity
They've got theirs and could care less about #suffering #Americans.
@StephenLuick @_edwardmondini_ has been an unmitigated disaster as millions lost their plans/doctors & premiums/deductibles
A political win for MAYBE 30% of the population who are too stupid to realize their employer coverage will be affected too.
No Worries! Life will go on just fine.  Health Care isn't a Right,  It's a Privilege
Kill aca is gop suicide.. Have at it
This trying to get shady deals done in the night is getting old! I knew he would do this after his so called bipart epiphany! Can't trst wrd
This whole thing is shady! with everything else going on, they're trying to take advange of our distractions! NOT happening! stay vigilant
IT IS YOUR JOB TO CONVINCE AS MANY GOP TRAITORS AS YOU CAN SO THAT AMERICANS HAVE H/C THAT IS JUST AND VIABLE. THIS KILLS PEOPLE. SO STOP IT
VOTE NO
Ultimately, it will be their political death, but in the meantime, millions of Americans will have to pay with their lives. GOP IS EVIL!
What do u care?  You don't even have your health care through this system!
I had excellent PRIVATE health insurance before Obamacare. I earned it. Worked hard for it. No, I have crap. REPEAL!
It's up to you and I to not let this happen #NoACARepeal
Thank you for fighting this. We're all depending on you and everyone else working against this bill. Don't let them get us!

How is it a 'win'? Oh yeah' koch bros will consider it a 'win'.
And your goal of single-payer will bankrupt our country and give control of our lives to the government. Be honest about your intentions
What?  90 seconds of debate isn't enough?  So not the way it us suppose to be.
I can't count the number of cheap political wins the Dems have passed.
Bot
Republicans need to get the F**K out now
RT   DURBIN NEEDS TO RETIRE!!!
Yet, as it is, we're being ripped off by health insurance companies.
retweeted to my folks. Stay strong dont let this move forward hurts more of us than helps. Focus on daca more important
That's a complete lie.
#Resist
VOTE --OUT--everyone of them who vote for trumpcare.
You have no idea what working Americans have lost because of Obamacare! I'm a Veteran try the VA I can't afford care get a real job sir
Health insurance coverage ONLY benefits the health industry. #AbolishHealthInsurance #EstablishMunicipalMedicalDepartments
Trying to get the big orange traitor back on their sides
War hero  is calling for regular order.
More on REALLY bad healthcare plan from GOP Cassidy-Graham.
Contact your Senators and Represenatives to vote NO...
This is making sick people sicker.
Spread the word little duck Durban is a liar
I wish we had a senator as smart and kind as you. Lived in Texas for many years; now in AZ. Lets keep talking about how bad their plan is
If it passes file a bill to refund all SS/Medicare $ to those of us who die b/4 we collect because our insurance was cancelled #micropoetry
At least it will be cheaper!
#CassidyGraham is a terrible bill
What is wrong with GOP that they want to KILL Americans?
Please help #SaveACA
Why don't you do something about it other than tweet
They like personal bankruptcies.
Listen to your constituents. It's time we move in a new direction with our Healthcare system: #MedicareForAll. The time has finally come.
Yes please end that bill we know what's.in there the GIG is up
#PurgeGopCongress
This is my daughter Annie she has Crohn's Disease. She is recovering from bowel resection surgery. Healthcare is life or death!!  Save her!!
Pass single payer healthcare instead!
Thank you Sir!
If you care about your families HC, then make sure you check out how bad the @SenateGOP HC proposal really is, understand it & say hell no.
RT if we could've paid for medicare-for-all with that defense bill you just voted for
Millions that work and pay full price will save $$$ on premiums and co-pays if the GOP has the courage to repeal
Please convince repubs to vote no, Dick! Thank you for your amazing hard work. We need you!
If they do, it will be their last win!
Senator it is a travesty, Senate overwhelmingly passed 700 BILLION $ budget for military when healthcare, FEMA, SS, medicare-caid needs $$$$
Thanks Sen Durbin.  As your constituent - I'm a big no on this one too!
I hope you ppl being rude don't have to suffer diabetes, cancer, Parkinson, Alzheimer's, dementia, pregnancy, or erectile dysfunction.
If they don't pay for it? Ya they won't have insurance lol
You & Sen Duckworth are going to fight like hell against it arent you?
They didn't learn from ACA being rammed thru for Dems cheap political win accompanied by string of Dems losses, I guess? @SenateGOP
Screw you Durban
Liar!
more liberal fear mongering
Americans have lost coverage under ACA..they lost freedom to choose. RT if you disagree with democrat senators!
Well now we would have seniors paying 5 times what younger participants pay. Why throw millons off their care?
Ppl aren't listening to you creeps any longer!!!
Most "working" Americans get it at work.  Quit using code for the middle class won't be soaked subsiding the lower class
Working people only gave their current coverage due to ACA. Please educate yourself.
Funny!
It won't be cheap.    I expect it will cost them the vote of every American hurt by their recklessness.
Need to EDUCATE why
Call your senator it only takes a minute and as Joe Biden put it, "it's a big fucking deal".
Sometimes it takes less than a minute! Matter of fact, I spent a minute total talking to both @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth.
You mean like my dad did with Obamacare. Like my widowed aunt did with my teenage cousin with Obamacare?  You guys are hacks.
And if you wanna spread the word with retweets let's have people retweet their premium costs that did NOT go down $2,500
My healthcare since Obamacare:

Premiums - UP 100%
Deductibles - UP 400%

Retweet to spread the words!
I know you'll do all you can for us.  You and Tammy have America's back
Yes we know that's what you think and want us to think but if you work with them instead of bitching maybe we come up with something good
Havent yoy been watching, the Reps r workunf behind clised doors. They wont work with democrats.
Word of advice don't tweet and drink makes you look even more childish and uninformed . It's called repeal and replace get it replace
shouldn't you be doing something about the daily murders in Chicago?
Spread the word ??? Sounds more like , spread the propaganda so we can keep the obstruction going.

Thank you @SenatorDurbin for fighting for our healthcare

Same shit dems did years earlier, just sign then we read it?
Spread the word Dick. We already have when you rammed through ACA! Thanks
Everyone Call The Numbers Listed Below Stop Them ROS
No they did not and of you did it was likley do to your States failure to expand Medicaid
Unless they declare martial law it's going to be a short-lived win; because they can't even hack the next election enough to get re-elected.
@SenateMajLdr @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC pls see my attached ltr. W/tonight's news re indictment(s) is bill rush while Trump still POTUS?
Don't forget dickiedoo... the children will die and seniors will lose their homes.  This is important man, full narrative please
We're screwed no matter what.  Neither party wants to fix it, really.  Why would they?  Y'all have taxpayer paid care and lobby money too.
How is it a win if the care people receive crumbles and poorer states are forced to slash their minimum healthcare requirements.
No one know “cheap political win” like this Sen Durbin.  ACA has failed…we need to do something. Let the States decide. They know best.

...This is a great plan go for it ..... Its just the demorats resistnce & obstructionism !
Its a bot block it
Is Nancy Pelosi OK? Earlier today she was being attacked by a pack of wild illegals. Please check on her.
A bot with insensitive jokes 
How predictable 
Block it
