.@SpeakerRyan: "People will be better off under pre-existing conditions with our plan."
One thing is certain about the Republican "plan"...
Barack Obamas mother DIED fighting the insurance company to get care. He vowed to stop that so ppl can get well.
I remember when he spoke about it... She had uterine and ovarian cancer.  I very much wish she could've seen his inauguration :( ...
Remember Obamacare was his pledge to assure ppl who need medical care, get it & get well. Not fight 4 healthcare
We can credit him with extending Americans' lives AND the quality of them, can't we? No amount of GOP smoke and mirrors can substitute.
ppl who had pneumonia 1 x could not get hospitalization 4 it years later when it reoccurred! #Obama fixed that
The GOP would punish Americans for having any illness...
This is what happens to ppl when under Republican control. All I'm gonna say is they really don't care about us
"... and by people, I basically mean the super rich. Screw the rest of you."
Thinking before speaking seems to be optional for some
Not cool.  Very inappropriate statement
@UniteBlue Better? If cancer resurges after 10 yr remission it's NOT covered ! Obama changed that, no pre-existing exclusions
I suppose it depends on your idea of the afterlife…
Obama:  "you can keep your doctor" = flat out lie.
Did your employer dump your insurance? Did you bother to fine out who caused you to lose your Doctor?
But people who now cannot afford insurance (like myself) will be left to die and our families devastated and destroyed. Great work dems
Better than getting insurance and care?  Define better @SpeakerRyan
Hey when are we going to hear something about this guy?
This was DEC 2016
Where exactly in the constitution you swore to uphold, gives congress the power to provide insurance?
Yep eliminate insurance companies. No middleman-nat'l healthcare service like the Brits. Why should insurance co's get rich off misfortune?
Yeah they might actually take time to fix it as it is always necessary with bills of this caliber.

Yoooooo this is savage
You make me sick Murphy! All you do is resist! If your so perfect, come up with a better plan!! Your party caused this mess but fail to admi
Already did it's called the ACA/Obamacare. Most bills of this scope need fixes to tweak them; i.e. Medicare. GOP refuses.
You are all lying to us. Our HC sys is broken and needs to be re-imagined. Stop placating the special interest groups & do right by us.
Well said CT. You got to the core of it.
Please Sen. Murphy, let's not compare this disgusting bill to a cult classic film starring John Cusack.
I don't know, it bears some resemblance to the newspaper kid screaming for his two dollars just  before flying off a cliff... #aaaaaaahhhhhh
Ooookay you've got a good point there. hehe
If only we were living in a #SavageSteveHolland film.
@MerriamWebster Here is another teachable moment. Can you help @SpeakerRyan  understand what Better Off means ?
Insurance companies will be better off.  He thinks all sick poor people are dems
Spooker of the Mansion:
Are you for real? Time for you to step down. #outoftouch
Paul Ryan, you will be better off as private citizen
Thank you senator
@politicalwire Use in a sentence:  The rich will be better off when those with preexisting conditions are dead.
@Zac_Petkanas just like the healthcare will be "much better people, much better.. and cheaper too, much better and cheaper"
If Paul Ryan wants to insist that being dead is better than being treated, he can come along with me for the ride. Without any choice.

What planet is he on? Does he really believe his own lies?

My medicine costs $5400 a month. That doesn't include doctor visits and a yearly $8000 MRI. I will die slowly and painfully w/out meds.
Interested in writing the "trumplish<->english" module for "Google Translate"? ;;) You can write one for the rest of the GOP too.
Dead. The same thing we would all be if we held our breath waiting for you to actually do something worthwhile.
savage.  

Everything Paul Ryan does is focused on making things difficult for the "little guy" 
Thanks, Ayn Rand!
His lifelong study of "The Virtue of Selfishness" has really paid off for @SpeakerRyan ; He's almost the most selfish prick on the planet.
His dictionary has one word, and the word is lie.
I'd laugh, but it's true.
Perfect response. Please do this again.
I just spit my  on the table.  It's funny but true.    Christians my ass
"People will be better off [dead] under pre-existing conditions with our plan."
I really think that might be what he means
Go back to your day job dreaming up new ways to tax people from Connecticut.
Straight savage
Yea, the 'people' who aren't sick and don't plan on getting sick! And GOP took steps to take care of their own Obamacare plans!
They're back with GRoDcare, I see. (Get Rich or Die. care)
Better off dead
Best tweet ever.
Well Chris you either accept the revised plan or watch the last of the insurance companies drop out of a disastrous Obama care
Great movie!
That is some spectacular shade, Senator! You rock!
is savage.....and right.
Speaker Ryan dictionary, 3rd edition. 

better off
/bedder/ /af/…
Shade..... You won the internet!!!
Brilliant!


@BPTHOSP Dr's saved my life last summer. At 50 I will forever have pre-existing conditions. What will my good fortune cost me in premiums?
Ryan is a dooch
Not a pretty picture
lmfao your savage af that was a good one bruh
This guy, @SpeakerRyan, is heartless.
Clever, I was part of the death panel that is the ACA
Savage af
Thanks for adding some humor to what is otherwise a very depressing time for our country. Gallows humor, indeed!
I think he means deader off with GOP health care
Amazing tweet, Senator 
OK, for the 4 millionth time, @SpeakerRyan is THE biggest pathological liar AND abject coward in all of D.C. The man is pure evil and greed.
I do not understand how people who PROFESS to be PRO-LIFE Condem the old and sick to DEATH. (Oh Not Us, it will be your State Gov. NOW!)
Savage
The cancer community thanks you. Some of us will be dead, specifically, if this bill passes. Life is a pre existing condition.
Come for the political updates, stay for the sick burns!

Whatever you pay the author of these tweets, it ain't enough. And if it's you, Senator, it's staffing season, hit me up if u lookin for work
On point! Well done @ChrisMurphyCT!
@Phil_Mattingly @SpeakerRyan
Well played Senator.
You no idea what's coming at you in 2018. Enjoy your last term in the Senate. Pussyhat marchers won't be enough to save your job.
King of throwing shade
As one of the people who would be left for "1. dead" under this plan, I thank you for providing this honest definition.
Me too
All better
Humorous, but not helpful.  Will you ever try to constructively participate, or are you content to whine in your 8 year defeat?
Way to keep an open mind Mr. Murphy.  Just because it isn't YOUR way doesn't mean it's wrong.
...notice he doesn't say *which* people will be better off.
Yes and he also threatened one of my nj reps to vote with him or he'd be off a committee.
Better off=no premiums. Soon no bills. Better off=dead. GOP=better off because they want to eradicate anything but their own wealth.
.Given what I've seen of Trump's America, "better off dead" could well be a thing soon.
Awesome 
You win Twitter today.
That was so damn good I can't even drink my coffee black tonight Anita Creamer!!
It's at times like these that I like to have a drink
"Mai Tai Too Long" - thanks for a good laugh, Amanda!
People with METASTATIC CANCER would pay 35 times more for premiums (i.e., about $100,000)! But nobody gets CANCER in America, right?
Wow being dead isn't going to help my family at all. F Ryan and his bosses the Koch brothers
To be fair he's referring 2 those who make $$$ from healthcare insurance.  CEOs are already counting their bonuses & Ryan counts donor cash.
Chris you can now drop your  like Obama.  Walk off stage and kick a door in. Lmao
BURNT!!! Dude, if you throw your hat into the ring for 2020, I will quit my job to travel around the country and knock doors for you.

"People" as in the wealthy getting a tax break. Not "People" as in those with a pre-existing conditions.
Is your slogan really "Another day, another lie"?  It really should be.
Don't hold your breathe for Murph to propose any ACA fixes; he's always denied there was anything wrong there to fix
Tweet. Of. The. Day. Well played, sir! 
They're setting up payment plans
I was hoping someone would do this.
I believe he's using Citizens United def of "people" & is referring 2 "insurance companies & CEOs." The ONLY "people" who matter to the GOP.
It used to be "better off dead than Red". It sure does look like the Repubs have gone over to the other side. They're on the Putin Plan.
Brilliant.

Translation:  Better to get them off my plan.
You win twitter today, Senator! Bravo! (and keep up the great work!)
How can he claim something so obviously false. It's bizarre
@tedlieu you've got competition!

You came for him like that!!!
2. Broke
lmao I love you Murph
Does the CBO bear that assertion out?

That was my sneaking suspicion about what he was really saying...
ZING!
My favorite is the "af." We'll be better all right, as if. We'll be dead AF. #resist #Russia #VOTUS
Not sure who's worse these days - Liar-in-Chief Donald Trump or spineless republicans like Paul Ryan 
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @GOP
Paul Ryan
Give it to 'em, Chris
Do the Republicans just not care @ChrisMurphyCT
Not even a little bit.

