so... you've never actually read the constitution or you just don't understand it?  YOU should resign immediately with that admission!
Thank you!!  We must have an independent investigation!!
Enough with the Russia thing. Look at your state. Chicago is a shooting range. Aldermen are protected by bodyguards but we aren't.
Keep your head buried in the sand re: Russia. Also, A) Aldermen do NOT get bodyguards B) Mr Durbin is a Senator
Maga Lisa is a bot. It has all the clues to watch for. #
Lol. I'm human.
169k tweets? Do you ever sleep?
I am Lisa, and I am a twitter addict.
Let's start here:

Typical lib response...will not address the question. Loser
Great idea, but you're waiting for the White House for clarification?  Good luck with that.
You are lying & u know it! This is all about obstructing the President & his agenda. ZERO evidence of collusion. Y no statement on Hilliary?
The Good think in this story: Comey did't do his job. Hiding pedophile, corruption, Hillary Kill Team, Email scandal, Seth Rich.
@SenatorDurbin until you can explain how IL, under your representation, remains the most corrupt/bankrupt state in the union, please STFU. 
Thank you.  Please support the @fbi and grand juries as well as an independent commission. #TrumpRussia #Comey #democracy
Bring this guy down, Senator. This is the time to impeach him.
Dear Senator people around the world are fed up of bullshit.
May be Senator, you are like Comey. You shut down your conscious, don't want to see the truth about Clinton family, Podesta, Obama.
Republicans, Democrats, Independents. If you love your country, you must seek the truth! Especially Republicans! #IndependentInvestigation
Back before @realDonaldTrump won you wanted Comeys head what a hypocrite you are
Sessions must be fired. His career is checkered with questionable ethical behavior. No more injustice in the #DOJ
Investigate.  Look at his investments.  Get his damn children out of the White House.  NOW!!!!  He is demonstrating total abuse of power.
I don't know who paid for your Education but they should DEMAND A REFUND! You are not that smart! #TCOT #WakeUpAmerica
HC loses rust belt after failed policies crush the working class .
Tricky Dick : Blame Russia!
9 months - no evidence ,
please continue to push for an independent investigation of Trump-Russia ties.
Please continue to push for independent counsel.
Thank you Senator Durbin. I hope we get to the turth
Thank you, Senator Durbin. Please use the power you have--votes and committee votes--to help us get answers.
#ShutItDown until #independentProsecutor is assigned. 45 should be #impeached by now. @GOP have derelicted their duty to serve this country.
From a constituent - Special prosecutor and stop all business in the Senate until one is appointed.
Once again, you make me proud to have you as my voice in Congress. Always with you. Always have my vote & support.
Since Jeff Session has recused himself from any investigation, has he the right to 'advise' POTUS to fire the FBI Director?
It's not just the election issues. #Trump must answer for all of his business obligations in Russia. What does Trump-Inc. owe to oligarchs
@replacecongress DONT U DARE PRIMARY THIS DEM GEM
Sir,shame on u for having supported Clinton.U R in part responsible for this crisis.Have u learnt anything?.Not really
Independent COUNSEL.  Yes!
Trying to exhale.
What is going to happen next?
Well Trump is meeting the high rank Russian tomorrow. I more worry the Russian is going to poison Comey, Yates and Flynn
Thoughts like that have popped into my head, too @Chihuahua1900

America finally a Russian Colony? 
hell ya!!!!! TRUMP IS A CON MAN....TEARING DOWN THE US.....YOU GO SENATOR....THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE....
Must have legislation from Congress to change who hires special council. WH not trustworth
Why isn't our @GOP #congress  removing a #corrupt, #criminal, #kleptocratic leader? How have we become a #dictatorship in one election?
Cut to the chase, file charges against tRump & tell us why someone hasn't done that yet? #NotMyPresident #trumprussia
When you call for a full investigation into HRC as well as Trump, maybe I'll be interested in voting for you again.
I like many Americans say we need a independent investigation,and he wasn't man enough to fire him to his face.
Prove it, Dick.Your argument is based upon leaked classified information that breached FISA rules, a despicable dishonorable breach of trust
WITH COMEY GONE we can now find out about the UNMASKING W/IN DAYS, NOT MONTHS! WE NEED THAT DONE NOW
Thank you, Senator! Hopefully this will get the independent investigation it needs now.
Thank you!
Demand an impeachment and keep the investigation open. Don't stop now. We need you to keep the fight for the American ppl. #Chicago
Your buddy Hillary & her goons will be properly investigated now that the Traitor Comey is history.  You mad?  #HillaryforPrison2017
Believe it or not but you are hurting America with your stand against the potus
Awaiting clarification from the WH? JFC, Senator Durbin. Stop waiting for things that aren't gonna happen.
I swear to god, if I spent this much time at work saying things are awful and doing nothing to fix them, I'd have been fired long before now
Special Prosecutor, NOW! #trumprussia #coverup #FUBARUSA
Thank you,sir.
Thank you, Senator.
Intelligent people don't believe you and this is why good Americans despise the rotten apples in our Congress.  #TermLimits #compromised
Yo dicklick --you are part of the problem , go away yopu are a fool-
If you do that, please provide Protection program for Flynn, Yates and Comey and whoever involved
Thank you @SenatorDurbin.
We need a #SpecialProsecutor immediately.
#ChecksAndBalances are under attack.
CC: @SenCoryGardner
Senator please fight very hard for independent counsel. Do not give an inch. We want our voices heard. Investigation must continue! Thanks
I told u guys before and am telling u now again.trump is behaving  like an african leader who dictates and obstruct constitution just like
I demand that you apologize to the American People for the pack of lies you tried to sell us while undermining the Office of the President.
How dare you attack POTUS for firing a traitor who arrogantly refused to do his job? You are a fool. #getbacktowork #DefundFISA #TermLimits
As a constituent I implore you to please not rest until an independent investigation on Potus/Russia ties is formed. Country before party
@realDonaldTrump Absurd rhetoric based upon no facts & leaked classified information that broke FISA rules, a felony.#termlimits #DefundFISA
Please keep,pushing for a #SpecialProsecutor!
please demand an independent investigator. our democracy depends on it.
Thank you, Senator 
Can we find out why there is no mention of IG investigation mentioned in DAG or AG letter? Seems like we should've had results of that 1st
Thank you sir for ALL you for us in Illinois and the rest of the U.S.
Sir, I expect you to defend Rule of Law to death. Good luck.
Senator Durbin this has gone beyond Democracts vs GOP. A bipartisan call for an independent investigation needs to start immediately!
Thank you, Senator.  Please keep pushing for an independent counsel.
With all due respect, there's an inherent flaw with, 'awaiting clarification from the White House.' @NanYoga47 @RepAdamSchiff
Yes, there certainly is!
interesting
THANK YOU Senator Durbin!
When do the impeachment hearings start in the House?
"Credible " is the keyword here Senator Durbin
please continue to demand an independent investigation on the president's ties to Russia
I agree with you.  Americans need this #TrumpRussiaInvestigation to move forward.  U.S. must become a REAL  democracy again.
Independent Investigation is the only way we are going to get answers.. What can we do to make sure that happens?
You too, resign already!!
BEST Thing our President Trump did 
Sad. @SenatorDurbin needs to take a deep breath, get over his #TrumpDerangementSyndrome, find a #SafeSpace, and hug his #SafetyPin. #MoveOn
Thank you!
Thx u #SpecialProsecuter NOW !
Please, please, please, stop at nothing to demand an independent investigation. The country I know is circling the drain.
Well done! Please, please, please keep up the pressure on this.
Thank you.  Keep the pressure on for an independent counsel - such a critical moment in our country's history.
Maybe if spineless senators from Illinois voted in 1999 for reauthorization of special counsel law instead of letting expire.
Sen Durbin, your constituents want an independent investigation as soon as possible. How do we help make this happen?
Even if true, which your side is slowing saying, all @POTUS would have to do is claim NO INTENT to violate laws...worked for the Hillary...
Even IF a special prosecutor is appointed-many of us won't have confidence in the investigation. Trust is broken.
whoooopeeee
This is scary, Sen. Durbin. Please continue to fight your hardest for independent counsel. Democracy may depend on it.
Senator, this is so important, please do not let it go!  I will support you all I can, because we have to know the truth.  Thank you!
I'm proud to have you as my Senator! Thank you.
@SenDuckworth yes please make this happen! Please push and work across the aisle to get an independent prosecution. #saturdaymassacreTrump
You people suck... You are all Delusional and liars.... It sucks saying that I live in this shithole of a state.. Sad and disappointed. 
Please stop this authoritarian take over if our country. @POTUS #TrumpRussia
PUBLIC HEARINGS !!!!
Save us from this madman!
Please don't let this go! What do we need to do? Checks & balances we've counted on our entire lifetime seem to be failing our democracy
Sen Durbin - Thank you for you sound & vital leadership
we need a #SpecialProsecutor immediately
OK-we appoint Preet Bharhara as Spec Pros.RU seriously awaiting clarification from WH "as to whether this investigation will continue?" Wow.
Maybe now the FBI will investigate Hillary properly
Yeah right the Russians did it. Lol. Your ALL Insane! There is NO evidence of collusion period. But tks for bein a** holes. #SenateSeats'18
Please stand up for us all! I'm concerned about our sacred democracy!
There is no investigation. There is no evidence of russian interference. There is plenty of evidence of democrat rigging of the election
Sessions, under investigation, tells Trump to fire his investigator.
A principled G W Bush appointee who returned. OK this is #Nixonian
Senator, the American people are overwhelmingly calling for impeachment. Our country is in grave danger. Please listen to us & take action!
We need to enforce the rule and law of our land that protects its citizens in this crisis. This is unconscionable. Please rally  congress.
Could he be creating a Constitutional crisis, provoke violent protests. use martial law? I heard he could cancel investigations on himself.
Yes, but as I'm sure you realize, the significance of this goes way beyond the investigation. Trump needs to be impeached, now.
Thank you Sen. Durbin! I am truly terrified for our country...
This is brilliant move by desperate despot. Comet got what was coming to him, he made a conscious move to undermine a fair election! Yaaaay!
THIS ADMIN IS NOT SUSTAINABLE! IF THERES NO INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION SOON, THE DAMAGE DJT & CO ARE DOING MAY BE PERMANENT! HE NEEDS TO GO!!
Thank you - is comforting to know where you’re going to land on an issue! Wish I could say the same for @PeterRoskam - oh wait! 
@SenSchumer For SIX months now, Comey continued to dance on a fake story and not ONCE he said that there is any EVIDENCE.
Another person that should not be listened to.  Durbin is as bad as Chuck Schumer as far as partisan drivel.
@SenSchumer The Democrat party panic confirms that Comey was being used in a false "Russia" narrative.
A good firing always puts others on their toes. What a good business move! Dick you could learn something's.
This is obstruction of justice. When are you going to do something? When he destroys our democracy? #IndependentInvestigation
Please go after the truth - i am tired of the garbage being spewed by administration.
So how's that budget coming along? The pediatrician my wife works for is about to go under because the state can't pass a budget.
What will it take for your Republican colleagues to stand up for the constitution they swore to defend? Where are they?
Don't let up on those crooks!!
Keep speaking, Sir, we are most assuredly listening.
Pursue impeachment immediately for obstruction of justice and treason. Thank you.
Russian investigation: SIX MONTHS and ZERO EVIDENCE. What are you investigating, again?
Thank you @SenatorDurbin !
2018! We will make sure you lose your seat!
With a new FBI director we can now find, investigate and prosecute #OBAMAGATE. Which is REAL and PROVEN.
So, @POTUS is now convinced that Hillary Clinton's campaign was destroyed by Comey and he decided to fire him. WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU, CRAZY?
First off, Comey has caused Hillary to lose the election. Second, he is an Obama holdover. Each new Pres. has the right to replace old staff
Impeach him
We need you to fight for us more than ever, Senator. Please do.
From the PARTISAN HACK the GRAVE FEELINGS should be with how bad you Dems screwed up the Healthcare and our Economy instead of PHANTOM stuff
I want an independent prosecutor and investigation ASAP! #ourcountryisincrisis
Thank you, sir.
Did the Democrats want him fired after he showed the Americans Hillary deleted 33000 emails? Yes the Democrats did. You're All Too Faced.
Hopefully the investigation into HRC will continue unabated.
"Russian Interference" is @CNN FAKENEWS.  The American people and the UNITED STATES MILITARY are willing and ready to stand by @POTUS!
Are you having one-on-one conversations about this with your Republican colleagues? They MUST begin putting country over party. #COMEY
This can't wait until 2018!  We need an independent investigation!  Help!  Trump is psycho!
Independent Investigator. Now. Thank you.
Dicky you suck and have always sucked. Murders in Chicago are well over 100 so far and it's still cold outside wait till the summer.
Dems need to hire their own counsel and begin building an impeachment case. This is critically important.
Don't await clarification.   Demand that the investigation continues.  Demand an independent counsel.   Demand that Sessions step down.
We stand with you @SenatorDurbin
It's time for a Special Investigator for this Trump-Russia business. One who is independent, thorough, known for integrity, & unafraid.
Tow the line....keep towing the left rhetoric and you will loose your seat.
Thank you, Senator. We desperately need you. Keep fighting for democracy!
Thank you, Senator Durbin. We are counting on you.

Yes! Agree 100%
Agree 100%
About time he was fired!
We're counting on you...but you have always had our backs....BTW i live in Springfield with a T-Rump mayor....BLAH!!
Can you simple ask people to protest relentlessly until this White House and congress INDEPENDENTLY investigate. Stupid us to believe #MAGA
Please be fearless, please be a warrior. The American people stand with you and desperately need your leadership.
Employees investigating Trump, then fired by Trump: Sally Yates, Preet Bharara, James Comey!
Please fight for an independent investigation we the people deserve the truth!
Make up your minds. 1st you loved Comey, then you hated him and wanted him gone. Now you love him again.
Thank you, Senator @SenatorDurbin. I was glad to hear your statement, and I am hopeful that the FBI investigation will continue!
PLEASE do everything to see that #Russiagate continues to be investigated.
ENOUGH!!  Stop wasting tax payer money!
Did you say the same while Republicans wasted millions investigating Hillary for Benghazi? Be honest...
