this is disgusting.
You LYING scum.  Just not True, don't trust anything you say.  First admit how many trillions have been wasted on Obama Care that has failed
Remember Mr Durbin is rich people and has the best free insurance on the planet that we pay for. Wake up!
You will fight any plan the democrats didn't come up with. You and your fellow crooks forgot about our vets. Shame on you!
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
What about the middle class? Now I'm lower-upper class, my wife and I will be find bit come on. People are hurting!
Again you lie. Retire. Please.

Their numbers are bigger now though. But it would cause a huge backlash in this Country regardless.
But their base believes them when they say that everyone will benefit from their tax "reform" bill

Impeach!

And some of the largest supporters of the Democrat party!
How much did you cut Medicare when you rammed through obama failure ?
Here’s to all of the elders in my family who thought it was so wise to vote for drumpf last November. Cheers!

Definitely cheaper then obama lol but she forgot that but if I'm doing my math right here, were in the black with this deal
Go away tRump not
Your partisan attacks with no facts are worn out. Divide the people, create confusion. It's the Democrats way! Good work Dickie
Is the new @gop @trump brand  having trouble peddling their agenda of fascism & tax for the rich.  Market forces of politics will decide.
Considering close to 50% don’t pay income tax, what’s your point?
my point is simple. Trickle Down Economics does not work & regulators of business have to eat too.
You mean capitalism!  That’s what trickle down is
nah, anyway, take care of you & yours, #2018, lets keep Illionois blue.  Our state, our people, are worth fighting for.
Bill gates started Microsoft in his garage, as the business grew 10000 millionaires were created. Trickle down capitalism. Get it?
growing the deficit is unacceptable.  think of future generations.  if you want to grow the business class, raise taxes or reduce the DOD $
Republicans are not the party of Lincoln anymore.
That's exactly what Rauner did for Illinois residents.. Especially the disabled and elderly
STOP THE INSANITY!!!
How on earth can that work?
I want my taxes cut! I made the money, its mine, not yours. And it's proven that cutting taxes raises revenue, even the socialist obama know
Then congress should have approved the funding when obama asked for it. Trump only rescinded an illegal EO made by obama.
Kinda how you screw middle class in Illinois w/cuts for yourself and your friends passing increased burden onto Blue Collar Illinois!
This a sad situation when we care more about our pocket book than humans. Am I surprised, no why I live in Illinois.
Every day I wake up, I am reminded how we’re living in a draconian run up to the apocalypse. This can’t go through.
Most seniors won't reap benefit of these tax cuts bc they don't work or make too little on a fixed income. GOP continues its war on seniors
If true, then many of us will die. Is that the plan ? We cannot afford any more out for drugs and medical bills! @realDonaldTrump
Population control
This is exactly what my husband said! Interesting indeed!
More Democrat lies. Scare tactics won't help you this time. Time to clean the swamp
You cannot let this happen!  We retired with rules in place.
I  against tax cuts for the wealthy!
those republicons go so low and pass a budget to cut medicare
and medicad 
we need to sue them
Why did you vote to increase the military budget by $70 billion this year?
#nationaldefenseauthorizationact
Hoping it comes out of your retirement fund!
This will save more money than the "death panels" that the @GOP say they abhor. @POTUS just wants sick Americans to suffer and die.
This is unacceptable ! Keep up the fight Senator!
Knew democrats

#followthemoney
This cannot happen senator.
The top 10% pay 70% of taxes. Any cut obviously helps them. Then you have 47% who pay 0 taxes.  It’s math Dick!  I can call you Dick, right?


Corporations don’t need tax cuts!

Let’s cut tRump from the workd!



Can you stop this? Plz try
What have you done? Group health should be portable, no individual ins, no cobra time limit, stop fighting & do out right, you've had time
Another English challenged troll/bot
Ridiculous
Elderly and disabled. As far as Trump is concerned those people are excess baggage. Why spend the money? Poor people with children next.
Unacceptable.
what can we do to stop this travesty?
Who believes the half truths and lies you tell.. typical fear mongering from someone with no ideas.
This is disgusting
Disgusting
Please, please don't let it happen. I'm 70, not well, and a bit firghtened about everything that is going on.
Always for the one percent. That's where the money is. Kings Queens versus peasants and serfs. Yup we're really looking back.
I’m guessing you have no idea where the $$$ are going or coming from. It’s easy to throw them out.
botbotbotbotbotbotbot
Dick, show us the math to quantify your claims.
And they call themselves Christians and patriots
PLEASE DO SOMETHING! GET THIS CANCER OUT OF OFFICE!!!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for your service and for fighting for us.
Including many of them and the president
Stop them. This can’t happen.
are we to get COLA  raise in Social Security  in 2017 3% 2016 none due to mad calling who hate me so calls has me so hate me too
Too damn bad you don't have to buy Obamacare, Dickie! You would be singing a different tune.
So sick of your lies Senator. Maybe if you would do your FN job and work across the aisle you would know the truth.
Dems/Obama CREATED this HC nightmare! You did ZERO for middle class America for 8yrs! ONLY ILLEGALS benefitted from YOUR position.
Awesome
Didn't you vote for the failing healthcare plans "they" have? Hmmmm
As long as that Blk guy didn’t do this, it’s ok with DJT’s supporters
“Will?”  No we need the votes to beat back this new attack on healthcare for the most vulnerable
George ol' bean, you need a better hobby. I hear knitting doesn't require a lot of brains.
Please do not let this happen
Well we are fighting so you fight for us.
Shameful.
Sick spin sen. Where did u read this at ?

Stand for the elderly & all who need health care. #SaveACA #FixACA #SaveMedicare #SaveCHIP #SaveMedicaid
Something is terribly wrong with our gov when a man can come into power & with the swipe of a pen undo all the good that has been done for our country the past 8 yrs; take away constitutional rights, freedoms & needs of the people with no one being able to stop them or wanting to
Please list 1 constitutional right you had under Obama that you don't have under Trump? Please
She can't
Just wonder, how much money do you have? So if he cut the tax for the wealthy, how much will you save?
This bill is racist. To think those employers will then save money and buy things or expand. Maybe they will hire more or pay more. Madness!
Hope you and the Dems can stop it!  We old folks need our Medicare.
Please stop blaming gop and looking for votes! Deducts/ premiums horrible under aca and what have dems done to help middle CLASS w/ no help
So the troll/bots are out in force today.
How can you look in the mirror, see a liar, and do the same thing the next day. No shame to a democrat!!!
How much do we spend on illegals healthcare? You phony hypocrite. How much are your premiums going up?
They're heartless.
Sad Senator ROS
Gop traitors can shove their shady math fatcat's welfare tax cuts too.
Makes me sick.I only hv Medicare,hv stage 3 renal dz. Hsb gets subsidy,has bladder cancer, atrial fibrillation, diabetes. Whatr we gonna do?
Please don't fall for these tactics this is what they do! They use elderly sick and children to expend there Frivolous spending
No you aren't you're a Russian troll. Pro tip: "their" is the possessive. "Frivolous" is a common noun.
This is just wrong!
Expand the Estate Tax - there is no better time to pay tax then after I am dead - reduce income and payroll tax - Increase the Estate Tax
Not true...
Now very smart for a doctor are you?  The Obamacare cut was from overpayments to insurance companies for Medicare part C, (dumbass doctor)
Oh I see were back to throwing granny off the cliff and now adding grampa.  Lol your a trip liddle dickie.
What else is new. The disabled are next to pay.
Sounds about right. 

The GOP, killing your grandparents so their rich friends can afford another yacht.
Must be a Washington "cut"
.... Yes... And ... ?
The GOP attacks the vulnerable to get thier dirty work done for thier donors how do people believe them
Criminal. People will disabilities also rely on Medicare & medicaid, as do the staff members who care for them.
Republicans Agenda: help the Wealthy.
