Beautiful argument around Oxford Professor and Judge Gorsuch has been evasive robot to his own detriment.
Courts just like HR in corporate exist to protect the higher management ...
During @SenMikeLee's questioning Gorsuch said he is a human being not an algorithm. It felt like he only interprets laws.
Gorsuch is not political, but he wants politically biased Senators to put forth corrupt laws which he will follow
your questioning was not respectful get with the state of illinois real people we are not the chicago machine
hopefully you will oppose Gorsuch nomination and make McConnell use nuclear option.
How did it go?
Did you just if Gorsuch has a beating heart? The question should be. Does Dick Durban have a beating heart? How about a soul?
Please don't vote for him. His dissents are some of the craziest things I have ever read. Remember Merrick Garland!
Please Sen. Durbin: That seat should not be filled before current investigations about Russia's role are completed.
please stop the obama agendra you have always been a yes man to him supprt Mr. Trump
#filibustergorsuch
Watching on @cspan -Gorsuch's explanation of corporate personhood is ridiculous. Dictionary Act. Give me a break.

@SenFranken Has Gorsuch been asked his legal opinion on denying Garland a hearing? Does he feel complicit in that action?
when is the Merrick Garland hearing? No Gorsuch vote. #novichydemocrats
didn't you vote for him few years back to confirm his federal appeal position as a judge. Lol now he is not qualified? Lol
I don't believe he should be making any appts till  mess has been figured out. comey has no credibility after HRC debacle
You came off like some kind of buffoon
Saw it. You were LAME! Did Putin hack your questions? What's up?
we need an independent investigation into trump Russian ties #ComeyNoHomey
Sir, after watching you today I realize your first name is so very appropriate.
Please, what happened to the Biden rule???
but...Remember when..Sen. Durbin Used Race to Block Latino Judicial Nominee
Stuff it Turdbin, you already lost!!!
thanks for your hard work, these are difficult times. Please vote against the confirmation of #SCOTUS Nom Judge Gorsuch.
.@SenatorDurbin good job BUT why is hearing even happening? No way would GOP allow hearing if Clinton was Prez and under FBI investigation
And your questions "Senator" bordered on childish, very Barack Hussein Obama of you.
@SenFranken horrible partisan performance today at the confirmation hearing.  You should be ashamed.
@RCImmigratio

I'm a constituent, great job 
 
your questions were as pathetic as u. U, Rahm and Madigan have made Il the laughing stock state, Chgo the murder cap. Nice
we like him!
thank you. I'm your constituent. block the #SCOTUSnominee  from this  administration that is under FBI investigation
give him hell!
Great job questioning Judge Gorsuch those decisions needed to be brought up and explained.
your an embarrassment to the state of Illinois
Gorsuch owned you today! You were way out of your league.
don't be afraid of the nuclear option. McConnell will use it whenever he wants so force his hand and obstruct at every turn.
the only question I, as a constituent and supporter, is why he deserves to be there instead of Garland.
Chicago destroyed The Grand Prairie Marsh! Look it up! An ecological wonder destroyed for Chicago.
You should be on trial for your role in the IRS targeting of private citizens. That you still have your seat is a travesty.
He made you look like a schoolboy from LA - lower Alabama that is.
How long will Democrats ignore their Union supporters...IL public pensions are going down the toilet BECAUSE of democrats.
It's because of HACKS such as you..more than 30 years in the Congress.that America absolutely NEEDS term limits for Congress!
Comrade Durbin shows he is not smart enough to question a law student
U did and you were a ass, good day, Sir
you got owned by Judge Gorsuch.
don't let him be approved. Protect us from Trump bots
Q #1. Is your name Merrill Garland?
Merrick--damn autocorrect.
tweets add NO value to confirmation or political process. Twitter followers don't vote! get off of twitter and govern.
He showed you to be the petty partisan agenda driven obstructionist that looked like a child arguing with an adult! Man you turned RED! Mad?
don't be a polarized partisan. Be objective and balanced.
Concerned how condescending & arrogant Gorsuch is esp. when questioned by women. Taking on a teacher role,he's there 2 answer
#GorsuchHearing
You got your ass handed to you and it was beautiful!
Democrats=Soviets=Communists
vote for MR DURBIN for SCOTSU!!!   Supreme Chancellor of the Soviet Union!
Time to retire Senator.. we the people find your act to "tar and feather" a good man a disgrace..Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed
sir, in your questioning, you looked foolish today. You can do better for the American people.
.Listening & am amazed how evasive he is at times. Also selective memory. Sen.Whitehouse made some excellent points as well
Are you actually proud of your abuse of power? Putin is more American than you.
STOP DEFENDING SAME-SEX COUPLING...our party's worst blunder of my lifetime!
#endsamesexmarriage
just watched , u are a typical Illinois politician! What a hack
Please ask him if he feels that Hon. Merrick Garland deserved a hearing and a vote! #StopGorsuch
, once again you proved you can talk for 30 min and say absolutely nothing. #Retire
WHY DOES 1 HAVE 2 DIE IF CARRY CHILD 2 TERM NOT EXCEPTION LAW HOW DO U SAY GOODBYE TO YOUR CHILD ASK HOW HE WOULD SAY GOODBYE
FATHERS/MOMS/FAMILIES SHOULDN'T HAVE 2 SAY GOODBYE CUZ OF LAW HOW DOES HE SAY THIS IF REVERSED ALL LIVES IMPACTED 4 LIFE PLZ
Please do all you can to delay action on this until the Russian interference/collusion investigation is completed!
No republican nominee is acceptable! Filibuster is the only option! My fellow Chicagoans are NOT happy with you.
Please vote NO on Gorsuch.

Neil Gorsuch does not belong on the Supreme Court http://www.bostonglobe.com/opinion/2017/03/19/neil-gorsuch-does-not-belong-supreme-court/elq2QqQBdJW5Fh0s2isXhJ/story.html?event=event25 … via @BostonGlobe
Ask him where he stands on reciprocal concealed carry.
Gorsuch is dangerous for worker rights, LGBT rights and reproductive rights. Filibuster! #ATN #StopGorsuch
You're asking feeble questions and getting schooled with every answer! #DemsLookFoolish
You have any job other then to roadblock Trump
I  hope yo uhh actually asked questions and did just sermonize.
Thanks for your work on our behalf. NO to Gorsuch.
will you delay the hearing until the Russia-Trump FBI investigation is completed, bc if not, the @GOP is stealing the seat
Neil Gorsuch is a great man and will be one of the best Supreme Court members we have EVER seen.
Your prejudice is showing sir!!!!!!!!!!!!
Presidents under FBI investigations don't get to pick a Supreme Court judge.  Filibuster.
Can you imagine if Hillary had won & was being investigated 4 treason, what GOP would be saying about her nom.
They wouldn't even meet with Obama's nom!!  World's biggest hypocrites.  It shows how important 2018 will be.
@leod46 I am a constituent...please filibuster.  PLEASE.
Please ask Gorsuch if he thinks it's OK for @SCOTUS to go to special interest (Koch) retreats, like Scalia and Thomas did?
...been watching...very impressed-what a confirmation hearing should be...
in the land of #Lincoln U R the best #Illinois has to offer? #Lincoln is rolling over #Shameful #Disgraceful #GorsuchHearing
No vote until trump Russia connection fully investigated.
asked actual questions! We saw his fake smile come off! Thank you Sen Durbin ! #stolenseat trump under invest for treason!
you got owned and embarrassed yourself.
got your ass handed to you. Every American has rights not just your supporters.
-Can't emphasize how shocked I am @ extent to which gorsuch's ugly has come out here, apparent to all of us watching.
I am embarrassed for the people who elected you! They all must be drunks, because no one in their right mind could vote for u
Be as embarrassed as you want, @SenatorDurbin has always represented his constituents with integrity. Proud!
#GorsuchHearing I hope everyone is hearing what a great #scotus Judge Gorsuch will be. @Potus @cnn @foxnews
How dare a judge abide by the laws & not their personal opinions! The audacity of those with ethics/morals! Durbin, you need to retire.
you asked a question , about HobbyLobby, and about a law you helped pass ACA,  
You failed to consider those you hurt.
Woe be to us all if our lives can be judged by a single act. Think about your own actions and decide.
Why are we even going fwd when trump under investigation? #PauseThisPresidency He's illegitimate and this is a stolen seat.
LOL life must be rough for you.going to be a long 8 years for u and your kind
Seems you suffer from "Christianphobia".
give him what for!
watching u right now making a ass out of yourself again.  Always entertaining watching you fools. #MAGA
vote no on gorsuch
, would a vote be the same thing as a decision?
You define the words to suit your needs. 
Your questions are gotchas.
he's a big fat no. Thanks, senator
bashing Christian s again but Islam reigns supreme right DURBIN?
save your breath judge DURBIN doesn't care about Christian s
C.A.I.R.lines DURBIN s pockets
WOW how you democrats HATE.   I'M SO GLAD I LEFT YOUR PARTY
Trying to get some to sit and make knee-jerk judgements isn't good questioning, how 'bout you go home and fix the crime.
Best & most consequential interview yet. Thank you, Senator.
Great job the Q on trucker case!
right now, u r asking The judge to go against the law and rule on sentiment! You're a Hack!!!
this man follows the law & you and all of your democratic brethren r looking like fools. #demexit
at least he doesn't lie about facts like u did oin budget fight saying kids wld die.  get off your high horse
Remember they stole this SCOTUS seat from us and showed No Mercy !! #ATN #StopGorsuch
OMG please educate yourself! no wonder dems are losing at every turn
Truckers can live a very long time in their trucks. My husband laughed when this was drug up last night. Truckers r laughing
excellent job on Gorsuch hearings.  Keep going.  get to the bottom of his inhumane rulings.
How did you get elected? You've got to be one of the worst representatives of the people I've ever witnessed. You need to go.
You should aspire to have as much integrity and objectivity as Gorsuch.
where WAS Chicago D.O.T DURBIN
proving once again your a waste of our tax $'s.
As a woman, and a professional, Mr. Gorsuch's response to your leading question on women at work was excellent. Your bias is pathetic.
Dick is an understatement
No SCOTUS hearings while trump is under FBI investigation! Should a possible traitor be allowed to nominate a SCOTUS?
educate yourself..TRUMP IS NOT under investigation...
Ask him why we should confirm anyone chosen by a Pres under investigation.
You're not even worthy  to speak to the man.
@CGasparino @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @Lrihendry @KennedyNation You & colleagues make a good argument for term limits
What do you do when you have no reason NOT to support Gorsuch: attempt to frame BS innuendo by an Oxford professor 24 yrs ago
lmfao.... funniest shit I've read in a long time!!!
there should be NO hearings while there are ongoing investigation concerning the President who nominated him.
your feeble attempts at embarrassing a great person are embarrassing to we the people.  #TermLimits
suspend until FBI probe is complete
Shall we look into everyone you've noted as respecting in the past & mention they're every word? Move on to legit questions.
you are an embarrassment to our country!
you are an embarrassment. Gorsuch is way too smart for you.
Bam!Pregnancy Q!!!
So is he saying woman who wrote the letter is lying?
If u listen closer u would find the question was n the text book. Guess the girls did not read textbook.
.@SenatorDurbin Too bad you don't know how to ask honest questions.
hard questions? LOL are you serious..they are BULL SHIT questions
yes currently watching your imbecilic questions; when can the American people grill you on your past?
..no kidding ...Durbin is from Illinois there has to be a big bag of dirt some where.
tuned in to WBEZ just in time to hear you - thank you for challenging him on these issues - great questions and follow ups
your constant gotcha line of questioning is obvious , you're a joke #GorsuchHearing
UR A 2 BIT LAWYER UP AGAINST GORSUCH . UR CRAP QUESTIONS ON HOMOSEXUALS IS PATHETIC SHOWING UR HEAD FIRMLY IN THE TOILET
Gave him benefit of doubt. Totally shocked at what he really is. Bad for SCOTUS!!
Gorsuch just a religious fanatic who will lie to decide in favor of conservative views. Not a man of justice.
ass
nothing should be getting votes until we find out if our Sitting Pres, who's under investigation is proved innocent.
Stop the hearings until Trump has been fully investigated
LOL liberals are so brain dead!
U r not asking questions. U r trying 2 imply guilt by association via any1 Gorsuch has known who doesn't cowtow 2 Libtardism
gotcha short questions are not sound questions. #GorsuchHearing
Nicely questioning Senator. Keep up the great work!
you don't have very high standards do ya
How sad and little you are.
I am ashamed you are a Senator from my State! You are trying to make this political! You are despicable!
Gorsuch coming off as weasel! Purported calm nature out the window already!
doing great! You ask him basic civil rights ?s & he gets defensive. #Gorsuch was "fascist forever" at school. Keep on'em!
great questions.  Gorsuch getting testy.
And you are doing a horrible job. Worst questions ever!!!
Your attempt to discredit Judge Gorsuch with ridiculous questions does not befit a US Senator and failed badly. Shame on you.
Gorsh is avoiding to commit to protect ALL PEOPLE ...He does not fit the job...thumbs downs....no vote ...
looking forward 30 years to another SCOTUSnominee being questioned on what todays college professors are teaching. #hypocrisy
