Trump faults Congress for ‘very dangerous’ relationship with Russia http://politi.co/2vskUzn  
Stand up and tell the truth. Quit promoting fame news.  Had enough of your fake politics
@Maggyw519 @politico Trump must have read Mein Kampf!
#SenatorDurbin  Do they give you drugs to cause memory lapse?  How about Hillary plutonium deal with Russia,
Impotus loves "Poorly educated" cuz they don't know any better than to accept his blatant easily disprovable lies.
What you describe is the Democratic mantra.  Bring in as many illegals as possible and tell the poor that they are their saviors.
Then why don't you impeach him?
Except that it's not. How can anyone be stunned by anything this guy does anymore?
the teflon is  brought back in fashion by the republicans...again.
You know yourself that our President should be in charge of foreign affairs like Obama was, and previous presidents. Read US Constitution.
Except Trump's shown he cannot be trusted!
Where has Trump shown that he can not be trusted?
Constitution outlines each branches job that they are in charged of.
ALL are dysfunctional
He's just stupid our president
We have to get this moron out of the people's White House!
Uh, the Republicans IN CONGRESS are the folks helping keep Trump from being accountable, removed and jailed. For now.
What about Hillary, Rice, Comey and all the rest.  Build prisons for all of them.
Hard to be stunned anymore with this malignant narcissist.
Yah, trump is scared that his personal relationship with little Putin is in jeopardy. Little Putin might blow trump's cover.
Always someone else's fault.  Sometimes the buck stops.
t=impotent, inept, ineffective, inappropriate, inefficient, Indeed.
What are you guys doing about this. This whole admin is beyond description really.
Well it certainly isn't because of Trump! Our congress are only making a mess of everything!
His relationship with reality is outrageous.
No it is the truth.
Projection, much?
Of course he blames Congress. Of course he does.
Trump is only able to place blame not own it.
#MalignantNarcissist
He nor Putin can be to blame, just ask him, he will tell you all about it---sarcasm
Senator, what are you doing about 45? What r your plans? Waiting for others to act? As your constituent, I continue to be horrified.
Please start the impeachment!
Then I' m Calling
Lame 
As in  Lame Duck Donald 
Sorry Disney Not 
Intentional.
Please impeach, Trump is the greatest danger our democracy has faced in over a century. He's conspiring with Putin
Do you want to go to war with Russia? That would not be good! Some people are just IGNORANT!
We must give #MuellerGrandJury freedom and protection to "Follow the Money". @potus fear of scrutiny indicate there is something there. 
Once upon a time it would have been, now it's expected with that crackpot.
Treasonous !! Say it ! He's completely echoing Kremlin statement
Does he want to get impeached?
Heavy sigh...
Stunning but not shocking from this President #Trumpcollusion
Projection. Projection. Projection.
While you guys are on recess, I hope you can put your heads together and come up with a plan. We're making fun of this but underneath scared
What's stunning is you knowing you've done everything possible to cause friction between Trump and Russia. What a spin master!
It's psychotic. As expected from "the world's greatest person who doesn't want to let people into the country".
@politico Putin probably told him to say that because of the sanctions.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP Must stop serving as enablers and collaborators in the conspiracy and impeach this treacherous Russian agent Trump.
Stunning in a normal world. Not surprising in Trump's alternate universe. Why your Republican colleagues let him--- you tell me.
He has to blame somebody it's never his fault
What's stunning is your taking Obamacare stipends while voters are suffering.
He is seriously dangerous. He should not be publicly bullying our elected officials. He is unhinged and should be impeached.
Most dangerous for America is Congress' relationship with Trump pushing the boundaries of Democracy without checks
Trump is extremely dangerous to our rights, our safety and our very democracy. He must be impeached if he doesn't resign.
You always looking for a scat goat, you have made your lay on it now, a silly old man
He'll blame anyone but himself
This seems vaguely familiar.  When my DD was 3 she once chastised me for "letting" her step in mud.
Jaw dropping, EVEN for 45, which is quite a statement....
So what can be done? My Congressman @PeterRoskam doesn't seem to care.
Impeach!
There are no words..someone tell him he is being investigated for colluding with Russia & this makes him look unamerican & guilty!!
He certainly is delusional. TRump is dangerous and unfit

So when is GOP going to cut their losses with this nut job and IMPEACH?
Congress must do something before the public is pushed to do it themselves.  PLEASE!
Powerful!
He's German! And he have a particular taste! Which happens to be "Russian"... All "classified" and " top secret" info, are in danger...
Senator, nobody is surprised he is blaming others. He never takes responsibility for anything.
Maybe now congress will band together and put this nutcase in his place!?!?....unless they approve of personal irresponsibility
Trump is POd because Russia refuses to give him more money to launder
Trump's revised motto:  When Russia attacks you, you have to punch Congress ten times harder.
Please tell me that Congress is working to safeguard this country/world from this man in every way possible.
Why is it stunning? Trump's modus operandi is to accuse others of the things he is guilty of in a vain attempt to avoid being blamed.
Well Putin is pissed because Trump was forced to sign the sanctions bill.  So @realDonaldTrump has to blame someone else, of course.
You can't genuinely be stunned Senator.  It would be stunning if he suddenly grew an antler.  Nothing short of that.
When our President sides with Putin over Congress, it's time for Congress to act.
Patriotic Americans will never accept your friendship with Russia it's not American it insults every military member and their families
Pretty par for the course to blame others. Please get him out of office before some mayhem he hasn't caused befalls all of us.
Thank you for standing up to this bull crap, Senator
No it's you
Yeah, but not really surprising if you know that his loyalties lie with Russia and not the US.
Get him out of the WH! You know he's compromised. 
It's no surprise at all. 45 has all sorts of Russian connections we don't even know about. And he's out to discredit Congress with his base.
They are lazy, obstructive and not very bright. Both parties. One is wrong the other party does nothing. No wonder we are in debt!
It Fits Senator Ros
And yet you let him pick the new FBI director. Sad.
And the Sen. continues to confirm his picks!
Trumps insane! #25ththe45th
Dick you swore an oath of office to uphold-support-defend the US Constitution. Have you've read it yet? Enlighten yourself:
@HCOnlineCourses
@politico He pissed off his best friend Putin
Not all that stunning, he misplaces blame on a daily basis and he's clearly incapable of making good choices as it respects "friends." So...
It's (past) time to take impeachment seriously
Impeachment for what??
So DO SOMETHING
