Obamacare rates in Illinois could climb next year amid uncertainty over health care law http://trib.in/2uVPqPx  
Congress needs to override any attemp by the corrupt Trump family regime at underminding our healthcare system I hope impeachment is near
That was the Obama regime !!
Obama didn't try to kick millions off healthcare He gave us ACA which saved millions of lives
okay ...... 
Those of us who have insurance through work have seen big increases for years. Didn't you have a problem with that? Who was to blame?
Insurance companies.   Protecting their investors.
That is true. Just not sure why @SenatorDurbin doesn't care about that.  Just wants to blame Trump. Durbin has been there longer.
No, it's cause of liberals.  Good try though, you would be failing at your job if you didn't try to manipulate/deceive your followers.

Thanks for the link.   Posting an LA Times article by Mike Hiltzik is not a strong reply.   Have a great day.
And a centrist-right
Thanks for the reply. We are just 2 far apart on this issue 2 try 2 sway each other on twitter, or even if talking face to face, I feel.
Thanks, I don't think the ACA is perfect. It has needing fixing, and it's sad that it's been 7 years of partisanship.  Have a good evening.
Then propose single payer. Stop blaming others and do your job. Propose bills that will work for the people instead of whining about trump.
Single payer is an arcane idea and makes no sense at all.
Why would you be sooooo stupid to first send your $$ to gov to pass out?
Hey people do your own research on this subject. This may be the work of an obstructionists!
The obstructionist have had 8 years to come up with an alternative to  ACA.  They didn't pass squat.  Whining about ur loser admin?
Did you vote for the give away Obamacare, not health insurance, demo. Give away program Sen.
ACA has been working 4 over 7 yrs. If it fails it is due to sabotage from DJT and the GOP. Correct the flaws.
Who is is working for?
When premiums increase every year because of Commie-Care, it was Durbin and Sissy Obama's fault,
Bipartisan repair of ACA.
#RESITSACA
My senator spewing ignorant and false statements again. I guess that's what to expect from a Dick.

@chicagotribune No. it's because of Obamacare. People aren't that stupid.
Some are.
You are full of it!!! and scared to death everyone's premiums will go down and expose the big con job the democrats played on everyone.
The government started undermining the health care system as soon as they started subsidising it. #Economics101
And the GOP has been undermining it for 8 years.
Kind of funny since Dems controlled everything for Obama's first two years. So how's that's 8yrs working out for you. Dems passed it!
Eight years republican governors refused Medicare expansion, law suits brought to Supreme Court, passing laws to cut funds to insurers, etc.
Dick, surely you jest? The ACA is thebiggest Ponzie scheme ever.  Its all of you isnt it?
That's right, Senator. Where's that message been?
You're lying nothing in ocare has changed Chicago sucks because of corrupt hacks like you
No. You are lying. STOP LYING!!!
Nothing has changed. You designed ObamaCare to fail. Next you call for Medicare for all. We are not fools.
Keep telling it.  Keep preaching.  The choir may finally come to their senses.
Republicans are sabotaging Obamacare.
Don't need Republicans to do it. Dems did a good job on there own when they passed ACA own their own. So own it.
Way to pass the blame that sits on your shoulders Dick
No its because you and your party passed ACA with No Republican support. Also you don't know how to fix ACA. So stop trying to blame @POTUS
Exactly why we R fools 4 nation if we don't ban together & demand #MedicareForAll because we're #Poisoned4Profit & #RobbedByHealthcareGreed
You should support a single payer health care insurance that includes everyone including representives senators & congressmen. equally
For all the uninformed out there, increases are part of #ObamaCare #MoneyGrab Let it implode! It's a disaster! @Potus
What a surprise.  Not only our POTUS hates Illinois but so does our current gov.Bruce Rauner.State and Fed gov suck for Chicago.

.
Chicago sucks on there own. If it wouldn't pollute the lake we should shove it in.
BS ! It's because of the HealthCare YOU help pass into Law !
If retired City employees face steep increases is it because Rahm is deliberately undermining the health care system.  Anybody else care?
your Senator Dick Durbin cares so much about your health insurance he's going on vacation! We must have Term Limits to get rid of the LOADS!
More lies from the same group that told us U can keep your plan, can keep your Doctor and your premiums are going to go down.  Epic failure
Dick, you lie! "The insurer cited, among other issues, increasing medical and prescription drug costs as reasons for the proposed increases"
Stop the "Mad King"!
#ImpeachTrumpNow !

@realDonaldTrump @RepKinzinger  @SenateGOP @SenateDems @TheLeadCNN @nytimes @TheDemocrats
Insurers in Illinois specifically cited this uncertainty in their official rate filings. Here's one example below from @Cigna #TrumpTax
"The insurer cited, among other issues, increasing medical and prescription drug costs as reasons for the proposed increases"
Exactly! He's sabotaging ACA! Keep fighting, Senator!
No, it's because Obamacare is a failed policy based on lies, and we are seeing the results.
Seems like they've been going up every year. How much of the next increase is Trump's meddling and how much is the broken system? Do better
Not so..
And if Illinoisans see their income taxes go up it's because of the Illinois Democrats. #MichaelMadigan #DickDurbin #IncomeTax #Democrats
Obama blamed everything on Bush. Obamacare is a failure, but it's Trump's fault? As usual, NO Dem accountability.
It's shameful that #45 wants to make the nation suffer and punishes those he disagrees with. He's a temper tantrum 2 yr old.
You mean just like Obama did.
No dude... I said what i meant. your President is no public servant to America.  Only himself. Get your head out of your ......
@chicagotribune Can we stop him?
Get these idiots out of the WH! They r ruining the #ACA & ruining the country!
The #ACA was ruined in its inception!
Quiet, bot.
Yes Dick every democrat screw up is somebody else fault.
Your state and especially Cook County is in the toilet, and you are part of the problem. You have been there forever, do you job
You sir are part of the problem. Stop throwing stones and come to the table and do your job. Be part of the solution not the whiner
Single payer or increase tax penalty for uninsured w/more time to enroll! Why is enrollment limited to once a year?
Our system sucks!! #SinglePayerNow  healthcare is a basic human right not a luxury 
Call it the TrumpTax. That is exactly what it is. TrumpTax on healthcare out of spite and pettiness.
Stop drinking the Kool Aid. ACA worst thing that the Demacrates passed. And they have no ideas how to fix it.
Trump is actively sabotaging Healthcare for millions of Americans 

Terrorist
#MAGA #GOP #ImpeachTrump
Maybe its because both sides are undermining.  Check out https://www.amazon.com/Greedy-Bastards-Corporate-Communists-Banksters/dp/1451642237 …
Exactly!
@chicagotribune No, its b/c hacks like you can't pull ur sh*t together & put the people over politics.  You suck!
what about the past increases since ACA, he asked the aptly named tool from Chiraq? i know you have to deflect attention from DNC scandals
There is no "Obamacare ". It is fully Trump's after 6 months. Trumpcare is failing ironically due to his sabotage.
I cannot fathom how IGNORANT. That remark is,  Jim. TOTALLY BLIND IGNORANCE
Not true
Yes Senator Durbin, this pos potus will do anything to harm the poor, disadvantaged, low and middle income.  Particularly if they are in IL.
Durbin..exactly WHAT have YOU done to solve this problem? Oh yeah, thats a right NOTHING
Payments to Ins. Co. ruled illegal
U sheep
You CANNOT blame healthcare crisis in President Trump. Obama did this to us.
False
That's a big lie! Reason is more failure of ACA. Why do u continue to lie? U own O'care.
If you believe this lie  then it is your responsibility to itemize each thing @POTUS has done...Stand up & tell your state  
I guess you don't watch CSPAN or you would be able to judge fact from fiction.  The President himself said he would undermine the ACA. FACT
It's your shitty Obama care that has ruined healthcare!  Dems are incapable of personal responsibility. #commie
45 only cares about himself. He doesn't want to work with congress.
You got that backwards Rachel. Congress is doing everything they can to bring our presudent down. They need to do their jobs
Who is to blame for the increase in taxes? What about all the crime and killing in Chicago? Can you please tell me who is to blame for that?
Time for term limits
Wrong. Obamacare was imploding long before Trump even got in office! What have you done?!
Typical Liberal casting blame! You're the ones who started the mess! Yet you're the last ones helping to clean it up! Just blame others!!
And it's not right .
So then please explain the astronomical increases over the last 7 years, when @POTUS was on The Apprentice.
I've come to respect you Enormously, Sen Durbin, POTUS is DELIBERATELY UNDERMINING ACA - so when he says let "it implode" his hand is in it
Congress voting NIT TO EVEN VOTE on it and you have the AUDACITY to blame President Trump. His hands are tied bc of CONGRESS
And it's because you have not signed onto Bill 676 retire already you're just like Nancy Pelosi
We will not be able to afford insurance again if this happens. When will @POTUS be held accountable?
POTUS is NOT responsible. or is Congress job to write bills. POTUS IS READY TO SIGN. To norhing Congress has nothing for him to sign.
Really Senator? These rate increases are on you as the 60th vote for the ACA. @POTUS tried to improve and replace but you stopped him. On U
Here's Durban again beating a dead horse blaming this president for the past presidents failure
Bullshit new dinosaur Democrats will never change Wii seen this coming over year ago#Neverkamala
The republicans have been undermining  ACA since it came out! trump has been at it since he's been in office so all republicans are to blame
Oh sure that's why!  Come on they have been increasing year after year
#SinglePayer !
Yes, single payer!  You pay for yours, I pay for mine!
Dick, the AHCA is on you. It was flawed from the git-go. And you know it. Stop blaming others.
Illinois is already high.
We have to stop this now We are the People ROS
