Thank you both for fighting for us!!! We are counting on you!!!
please do whatever is necessary to defeat this Supreme Court nominee. Thank you.
Senator Durbin, you could not be a better mentor.
Thank you both for representing our state so well!
thank you both for all your hard work!
thank you #resist
Seconded!
fighting for "illiniosians" you two are doing nothing but pushing a national Democrat agenda
Thanks, @SenatorDurbin! It's such an honor to work with you for all Illinoisans.
Keep fighting! Please oppose Gorsuch for SCOTUS now. No need to wait -- we know enough already. #ResistTrump
I am disappointed by your yes votes of cabinet picks! Im a democrat any more & I will vote no in your election!
you were a lucky for reid and now you are a lucky for shumer
So happy to have you both in DC representing Illinois!!!
Illinois is watching - you are our voice. Make us proud! #SCOTUS #stoptrump #MuslimBan
I hope you two don't continue to embarrass the great state of Illinois
Really? Fighting for Illinoisans or your own political agendas?  #obstructionists
vote no. #DumpDevos
Thank you both for representing our state. Am glad to have you both fighting for Illinoisans and all Americans.
Thank you!
great work!
these two get most of their votes from Chicago but you never see them raise a finger to stop Chicago violence
Neither of you represent my values, too bad I live in a liberal state
you both should both be fired.   We do not need liberals in office.
thank you for standing up for what is right!!
thank you & keep resisting!
It's naive to believe you shouldn't fight Trump's SCOTUS pick. This is why Dems are doomed to fail.
Thank you both! I'm grateful to you & proud to call you my senators! Keep up the fight! We are behind you!
you're both heroes: please vote against DeVos, Sessions, Tillerson and Scott Pruitt
Can we get Illinois Real id Act none Compliance issue taken care of soon may need passport to Fly in America
that would be different considering #Illinois is only 2nd to Michigan you've done a he'll of a job so far
Yes, you're both doing so much to defend the rights of everyone but the law abiding citizens of your home state
Maybe you should spend less time fighting and more time actually working for the good of the US, not party.
Great job during Session's confirmation hearing. Keep fighting!
Thank you.  Keep up the fight!
Keep your eyes on her she will do great things
This Illinois voter thanks both of you! Rest up, it's gonna be a long four years of fighting!
Duckworth 2020!!
#ThankYou both for all you are doing 
You must be doing something right with all the trolls. Sorry they're such subpar trolls, though.
swoon. Enough to make this recent CA transplant want to move back in the dead of winter.
Thank you for serving us -- PLEASE RESIST TRUMP!
as an Illinois Native, I couldn't be more proud of both of you. #resist
Thank you for all that you are doing for Illinois. Please vote no on #NoSessions and #noDevos !
Please vote NO on everything trump! All of it! You two are powerful--you can lead and you can do it!!!
You have a clear mandate from your constituents. Vote n
Chicago shootings?
squad goals
hey durb u dont yall crybabies hrow up n get it a wprk u n ur colleagues have been n power way to long
You are slouchi g. Sit up! Did you discuss your statement equating our troops to the Nazis of WW2 and soviets
so proud of our senators! Stay strong
Impeach Trump and Pence for violating 1st Amendment,  Fed Laws,  Fed Judges orders NOW!
Endure the trolls but continue to keep your constituents informed. Thank you, Senators.
You're both great! Now please... #BlockDeVos #BlockSessions #StopPresidentBannon #ImpeachTrump !!!
Neither one of you are fighting for me. Do your jobs and stop grandstanding. #ILSen
Their job is what IL and the majority of the country voted for, liberal policies opposed to Trump
No their job is to vote on Nominees put forth by POTUS and not grandstand.
So you agree the only right thing 2 do would be for Trump to put forward Garland for supreme court
Nope. You must have missed he just put Judge Gorsuch forward!
after blocking poor Cabinet picks can you help fix IL's budget mess?
that would require them going against the Democrat machine that caused the problems in Illinois
yeah, probably too much to expect!!
you're both doing a great job. Thank you!
I do hope your both helping us against sessions and devos! No to both! Keep education public and racists out
Too bad you don't have her courage

thank you both for being a united front for Illinois in Washington!
please stop voting to confirm cabinet picks
Please fight them tooth and nail on everything. From education to the Supreme Court. FILIBUSTER!
Please stop Trump!  As a former Republican, he already destroyed my party, don't let him do the same to the USA
thank you both for all you do.
Thank you both for fighting for us!
