You bring little value as a Senator.
Quite the opposite. Durbin is a strong Congressional leader. Has been for many years. He and Duckworth are amazing.
I disagree. Not only are the two ineffective but they both project out to the country the negative aspects of our state politics
Opposing regulations, executive orders, and political appointees is admirable. They know the swamp is not being drained.
Obstruction for the sake of it is not admirable. Pick your battles to those that are actually worthwhile.
IMO, all of the Dem questions have merit. Nothing has been obstruction for obstruction sake.
Are you familiar with Arne Duncan? Managed the worst school system (CPS) for 8 years after which it's still garbage.
Brad , you need to live the nonsense firsthand, come to Illinois. See how politics works here, see how we spend money.
you are a twit.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. I'd say you're part of the problem.
seems like you have way too much time on your hands .... #Troll #TrumpTroll
Yep got too much time on my hands #SORELOSERS #MAGA #NOTMYSENATORS
Should be ashamed Democrats didn't stand for the wife of a fallen hero. I'm ashamed of you all!
Typical party line crap. What are your ideas, besides throwing loads of money at a problem? Where is your comprehensive plan
Where is Trump's plan?  I think it prudent to have an alternative plan before bashing & obstructing another
It is also prudent to give the man a chance to carry out what he was elected to do. Quit undermining is all we ask. 1/2
grateful to have you as my senator
Historic job growth? Hardly, historic deficit spending? Yes. Try stating facts not wishful thinking.
I live in Chicago !The so called president has bashed this city ! If you want to help then send resources ! Don't talk about
just left there,  let's face it the city is a mess and to say it isn't is irresponsible
You are the best Senator IL could ask for! Thank you for standing up for us and putting country first.
thank God I left the state before finding out you are un-American. Sorry about the vote for you what a waste
@SenateDems President Trump has the support of our disabled veterans.  Dems let us down for far too long.
Amen @paulaminger1
I only voted twice for Republicans in the last 7 presentential elections but the Democrats have ignored the "working class".
You are my Senator & he is my President. He is doing a better job of voicing concerns of working families than you are, Sir.
THANK YOU, Sen Durbin! Grateful every day for all you do to help Americans live better lives.
Name one
Thank you (from a constituent) -- keep fighting the good fight.
YOU ARE  GREAT EXAMPLE OF WHAT A GREAT MAN MEAN GOD BLESS YOU AND FAMILY
TRUMPS PRIORITIES ARE DIRECTLY IN LINE WITH PEOPLE, HOW ELSE DO YOU THINK HE WON?!
Russia DID NOT HELP "DELIVER HIM IN OFFICE" - HE DID THAT HIMSELF and with the PEOPLE - YOU LIE.
dummie - he's been in office for 5 weeks and has done more in 5 weeks than you have done in 5 DECADES!
13) Trump/GOP policies ARE out of line w/majority Americans, but they don't listen/avoid Town Halls
14) GOP bill to allow silencers will ENHANCE crimes not stop them. Their rational incomprehensible
13) GOP just passed allowing people to get guns w/out background checks, etc. will ENHANCE crimes
12) GOP just passed allowing guns to ppl w/psychological conditions will ENHANCE gun violence not stop
11) Refugees probably already suffer PTSD, so not Trump helping them cope with his policies/moves
10) Per APA reports people who commit terrorist acts often are depressed=Trump not helping emotions
9) Trump's ban on refugees is appalling to decent people. They've suffered enough/already vetted well
8) Trump/DHS deportation ALL to Mexico, even non-citizens/He cld contact UN delegates do more humanly
7) Trump/DHS deportation ALL to Mexico, even non-citizens hurts relations N/S.
5) Losing immigrant tax payers while cutting taxes will increase debt/make prices rise, etc.
4) Trump's Muslim ban/immigration raids hurt the economy/create tension between police & immigrants
3) Job growth: Trump's proposals for tax cut/increased spending=deficit=loss of competition/jobs
2) Job growth: Only real job growth plan is infrastructure whish is not sustainable growth long-term
1) Job growth. Trump's Trade wars/border tax/higher interest rates=job losses
Thank you Senator Durbin. While cooperation requires compromise, DT provides little room for bipartisan work.
you just keep spewing nonsense to cover for 8 years of lawlessness.
thank you !
Senator Durban I agree with your statement 100%.  I'm trying to give our Pres and opportunity but I'm seriously worried
The only reason is so you can get re-elected. You do not care about Americans just your selfishness, low life all democrats
your statement is a ray of hope, so true!  Independent investigation into trump Russia ties vital!
Worry about your contituants and what is best for us. Not illegal aliens. This is not why you were elected.
His priorities are out of line with working families? IL has nothing we are bankrupt and you are bad mouthing @Potus
in a new and better direction. The state of IL is horrible. I see you sitting by @SenSchumer last night. Get with the program
He has offered solutions for the gun violence you know this! I demand as a constituent you work with my @POTUS
In college, I brought a group of ag students to visit u.  In our presence, u trashed the farm bureau.  Know ur base!
what a crock of bologna statement.  If a democrat president said the same, you would have praised it highly.
I am sad that you represent me as I liked what Trump said.  He had a vision to push America forward not backwards.
@SaintRph Call me immature but I couldn't read beyond Democratic Whip Dick.
keep it up! Maybe in 2018 Illinois will go blue too!
And let's not forget, he has the most anti environmental cabinet ever.
@SenateDems more career politician roderick speaking against real change and patriotism how long have you been their
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you.
well said Don't forget about what he's doing 2 the environment & educational system A better world 4 our children? #Baloney
And again, what is your plan for gun violence in your state of Illinois?
Thank you for going in with eyes wide open!  A pretty speech, appropriately delivered, does not policy make.
you need to work with the Pres and Republicans. stop your hissy fits. Give him a chance! Elections have consequences, man up.
"But all politicians lie, and the best ones lie seamlessly to those who adore them, and expect to be defended." @John_Kass
Thank you!
you do know Congress writes the laws and the President sets the vision.  #civics101
When are Illinois Democrats going to start putting in work south of I-80?
Durbin...you and your obstructionist friends DO NOT care 4 the American people. You,Reid,Pelozi and Schumer r out of touch!
And Don't forget condemning terrorism & hate against the Jewish communities only hours after saying WE called in the threats.
how did your guest immigrant like the the guest that @realDonaldTrump brought with him?
Thank you @SenatorDurbin and for standing up to Trump and the current admin's efforts to dismantle our democracy. #FightOn!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth for standing up to Trump and the current admin's efforts to dismantle our democracy. #FightOn!
I live and vote in Illinois.  You disappoint me.  Please work WITH President Trump!  He is MY President!
you saw a country in the process of being united and that scares you. You need to divide to succeed, u suck
60073 Be honest, sir. No proof that Russians helped to elect POTUS. You haven't a single solution for CHI violence. Phony.
thank you!
We don't care. How's Chicago doing?
Thank you, Senator Durbin for pointing out that @realDonaldTrump has been all talk & no policy. He's just on an ego trip.
Thank you, Senator! Keep fighting the good fight. #resist
please stand up against Trump the lying con man
Bravo! & keep up the pressure on #trumprussia
@itspossibly @SenatorDurbin 
Thank you, Senator. #Resist.
thank you Senator Durbin for standing up for the American people who have worked hard to make this country great.
thank you Senator Durbin. You have a tough job ahead-we will keep resisting!
Thank you, Senator, for this strong rebuttal to POTUS45. There's evidence for all you say. Keep standing up to the harm!
Please keep Trump and his militia out of Chicago.  The last thing we need is him inflaming things even more.
My @obamacare costs $22,700/year for 2. It was $8,100 in 2008  it must be replaced
Keep up the pressure on Trump. Your constituents support you! 60302
Not this one, but should you use your status to commit to working with the adm for all of we the people, rethink
@SenateDems find compromise and get to work for our country instead of protesting everything
thank you for standing up against Trump's harmful policies. Just make sure you stand up for the environment and EPA too!!
As a super delegate who did you support in the primaries? How is that working out for all of us?
your a joke, when was the last time you actually cared for a constituent and not just getting re-elected?
@SenateDems @POTUS IT WAS GREAT HEARING OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP MAKING AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
Those grandiose promises are known in many circles as Trumpypoo.
Big Promises.  No real PLANS.  Ends with telling us all to "Dream BIG".  Just a Bad Dream to me.
how can you be trusted to being jobs back to the US when the state you represent is losing more per day than any other state?
what's your response Durbin
do you care at all that those of us who don't get subsidies healthcare had increased 50 percent?
The answer is a BIG NO! He needs to pander to his constituency and you aren't it! He's AWFUL!
great statement, curious why no mention of state expenses that seem to directly benefit his family business
I have friends laid off because their jobs cut leaving the area...Please inform me where the job growth on the Eastern Shore?
I can't even get health insurance bc I make to much, but my child support costs as much as the insurance..The fine is cheaper
health care?  My sister saw a $1600 increase in her premium, my friend $2400 for his family.
I'm curious, you say Trump has no solution for the gun violence in Chicago....Where is your solution?
speak up I can't hear you
Your choice Senator! Get to work and fix the nation or continue to be an obstructionist! What will it bee?
NAFTA, GATT, TPP, fix a failed healthcare system.
Thank you!
@SenateDems Just continue sitting on your hands, pretty much like the last 8 years, Trump can handle this.
@SenateDems You must have had a brain fart before President Trump started his speech.
@SenateDems "Out of line with working families"? Working family's are the very people Trump represents. We should know!
Um, you honestly think 45 cares about the working class? How does he represent the working class?
Jobs over regulation. Jobs over "saving the spotted owl". Jobs made in America by Americans.
You trust a man to keep to "made in America" when his own goods are made in China? Say hi to Peter Pan for me.
Sure looks like its happening.Not since 20-20 "Made in America," have we seen/heard so much about the American worker
Seeing & hearing about are not the same as doing.He hasn't and won't be doing anything for you, me, your neighbors.
We're only in 40 days. Remain calm, policy rollout takes time. Stocks are up, speculation is high, business is excited
#TrumpRussia
@SenateDems Amen Senator Durbin! Majority of Americans are behind you! Get to the truth! Save our nation from corrupt agenda!
@SenateDems

 So true and right on point.
Thank you, Senator Durbin!

As we speak, we are removing gang members, drug dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our citizens. #JointAddress
@SenateDems why did @TheDemocrats rig their primary against their own constituency ?
THANK YOU

The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding that will be guided by two core principles: Buy American, and Hire American!

We must ensure that Americans with pre-existing conditions have access to coverage. #JointAddress
smfh

The time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across state lines! #JointAddress
Thank you!

EVERY American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, to attend a great school, and to have access to a high-paying job.

My budget will increase funding for our Veterans. Our Veterans have delivered for this nation. Now we MUST deliver for them. #JointAddress
Your Lying
I have issued a new directive that American pipelines must be made with American steel. #JointAddress #AmericanSpirit

We want harmony and stability, not war and conflict. We want peace, wherever peace can be found. #JointAddress #AmericanSpirit
