freedom to find out your coverage is total crap and covers almost nothing?
ACA have me affordable full coverage that includes meds
1st year no subsidies, after that in the $50 - 60 range
too bad your state didn't fully participate in the ACA. You should be careful who you vote for.
My heart is breaking. What can we do to stop these monsters? Only monsters steal healthcare from others. 
Read the bill! You are not correct!
It is posted on CNN.
I have read the bill & am Conservative. If people are not forced to purchase healthcare - tax/fee - they will not purchase. Not at all
same as losing insurance. And don't forget, ObamaCare left 27+ Million uninsured when it was supposed to cover everyone.
So Dick insurance isn't health care and what did people do before #Aca or Obamacare?
Without insurance I don't get cancer care, before #ACA uninsured people often died
I'm sorry Jean I have MS and still refuse to be a burden on society.and I have no insurance.
No worries, if I become uninsurable I will chose death with dignity, no burden to society here #ACA
I'm not being mean.or cruel ma'am. By no means. I do feel for your sickness. I just refuse to see this country.and it's people. Be chained
Oh heavens no, why be forced to buy insurance? Opt out then let others get stuck with the bill! #ACA
Everybody, please don't get sick or die until we can get a president decent enough to give us healthcare. The best of health to you all !!
Thank you for your hard fought fight. Now please go on the other side and thank @SenJohnMcCain
THANKS SENATOR DURBIN YOU WERE ALL OVER THIS
pleas send links to support this statement I don't believe anything anyone says anymore.let me read it myself #gov
McCain stabbed the GOP and once again proved he is really  a democrat
Thank you for all of your hard work, this Illinois resident is proud of both her senators!
They need to realize they could be heroes tonight! They vote this crap down & work w @SenateDems to improve the ACA. This is horrific.
Isn't it wonderful to be wrong? Kiss Sen McCain for me and give those 2 great ladies a hug!
Thank you Senator Durbin for your efforts in destroying the American Healthcare System.
Senator you don't get to destroy Private health care in this country and then get to complain about private healthcare.
They're murderers.
A peace crusade without a voice is like a tree alone in the woods – quiet - please watch video & retweet - http://www.1e1h.com 
Only six million have Obamacare, where do you get the other millions?
Democrats plan. #socialiststate
Can we please make the ACA Better and stop wasting time trying to destroy something the people don't want?
Thanks again, Senator Durbin, for staying on-watch.
Someone Please Do Something, Anything, To Stop This Despicable Action.
you make Illinois proud, Senator Durbin. Thanks and keep up the good fight
Thank God!
Too soon!
Oh good grief. The Dem rhetoric is in full absurdity tonight. 
1. Healthcare and insurance are not the same thing. 3. As in all thing, pay your own way unless you are absolutely unable, then we assist.
I can't stand your resistance to common sense. Do have any ideas to fix things?
Thank you John McCain and onward to a bipartisan solution to improve  our healthcare system.
I guess you should have done a better job of writing the ACA. Dems had the House, Senate and WH when it passed.
how about those of us that lost our healthcare do to the fiasco called obama care?? REPEAL prices will go down
Thank you for keeping up with these monsters.  Thankfully their shenanigans failed.
Pleasekeep fighting the goodfight for us thankyou Senator Dick Durbin , and GOP voting to repeal  I hope theelection nextyear speaksvolumes
Trump Administration Weakens it's Citizens Health & Morale, one must wonder what is to gain?
#RussiaGate 
#MuellerIsComing
Thank you sir for your fight to preserve the ACA.
why are your colleagues so mean and heartless? Keep advocating for us. House/Ryan cannot be trusted. Shameful.
All to get revenge on a Black man who won the WH, twice, and also the woman who won the popular vote, just for good measure. #SkinnyRepeal
Half black and it's not revenge its a sinking ship
You have been an amazing leader through all of this. I'm so proud to know you, Sir!
Thank you Senators Durban & Duckworth Let's continue to make ACA better
What %age will face higher premiums? The martketplace vendors will b scrambling. Chaos stirring. Good grief! Zoom bk 2 '05. Who was covered?
Yaaay! Finally. Such a happy happy day!
The 16,000 Dems say will lose health care is false number. Several thousand will chose not to buy. That's their prerogative. #freedom
Keep fighting.
Just like u Dems did in the dead of night passing OCare.
Ripping  away hc from millions.
Hypocrite!
They're just milling around. Indicates they don't have the votes, no?  If they did, they'd have voted, by now, instead of lobbying.
You're the ones that stuck your noses into the system in hopes of controlling us through healthcare. All your fault!
Doom and gloom people cannot be trusted.
This is so wrong!!! Thanks for doing everything you have done for the people!!
List what he's ' done'  4 the people'.
Not rip it away, give them a choice if they want to spend money on it. Under ocare my family deductible grew from $500 to $5500 and cost x4.
First smart thing they've done in over 20 years!
Shut them down!
Derp. Or they choose to leave rolls voluntarily. Kind of like the actual CBO analysis said and not histrionic riot inciters would put it
Stop lying to the American people. please read Ominous Alliance.https :\\http://www.artisanvintageworks.com  learn the truth
Can't wait till they all go back to their districts. They will be in a living nightmare for the rest of their terms.
Even if they have it they can't afford to use it. U come up with a better plan.
new CBO scores
JUST POSTED - new CBO score

Under current law: 26M uninsured next year…
and those employers who can opt out??!!! Their employees lose by choice too?!! 
All these republicans drank Trumps kool-aid
Please help us Senator.  People are going to die if it passes.  Please.
We are truly watching the death of democracy
Throw millions off of health care then; Americans will cheer the implementation of single payer in 2018. #RetainAndImprove.
This vote was a joke . High  fives  to Mitch who doesn't care about middle class Americans they want me to have a choice give me a break.
Why not Vote to make Congress have the same Health Care as the American Citizens?  You didn't have to suffer under Obama Care !!
Or they just won't fine people that don't want it but whatev's
Most of your tweets seem to be a gross distortion of truth.
God I miss PRESIDENT @BarackObama  #SaveACA
They need to vote to repeal it ALL!!
No, Obama Care already did that. If you had any balls, you'd get in the game & help American citizens get AFFORDABLE Health Care
 that's the problem with surrendering your rights and needs to the govt to give and take away. Healthcare is up to the people not the govt.
Thank you for your work to stop this travesty.   @SenateGOP are cowards and should not be senators
16million=population of 14states (NH, RI, MT, DE, ND, SD, VT, WY, WV, NE, ID, HI, AK, ME) + population of Washington DC!
We are slipping away day by day to the America so many millions of ppl have given so much; can't explain this to our young ppl & students 
#NoDrama
@Msdmurph @SenateGOP convince McCain to vote no!
Lies. There are currently 28 million people not covered via Obamacare. People will now have a choice not a govt mandate.
I feel so helpless! I'm 62 and diabetic. I won't be able to pay high insurance premiums. Death sentence for me.
Insurance companies are already denying workers of insurance. This reminds me of a movie Civil Action
Bringing in a tie breaker #VP from an illegitimate Presidential Whitehouse sad time for our country
You need to convince one of your republican cronies to vote NO! We need that from you.
GOP senators have soiled a long-revered institution this week.

Remove the exemption for US Congress-Fed Govt-Unions from having not to participate in ObamaCare.
They will just get their premium Federal Employee Program benefits back. Which is STILL unfair.
Like Democrats voted for ACA/ObamaCare to RIP away MILLIONS of Americans HealthCare & JOBS???Remove USCongress Exemption or RePEAL ObamaCare
congress is not exempt from ACA
The lies don't help anybody
Plz do anything you can too so this
They would eat their young while saluting the flag. #deatheaters
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenDeanHeller @RonJohnsonWI - Please DO NOT vote for this Bill! Start over! Include #Dems! This is INSANE!
Now you want to help
Republicans are treasonous and murderous sacks of shlt

I am so proud of my senators.  Thank you for your hard work
Seems appropriate: Isn't that USUALLY when crooks do their dirty work?
God help us
Dead...I see what you did there...
Shameful @senategop
Oh. You mean @SpeakerRyan can't be trusted once he gets his hands on it?
Do they have the Vote?
We have lost Democracy, started on Nov 8 and getting worse each day.
Sickening.
How many don't want it??
And then there was @SenJohnMcCain ?! #SkinnyRepeal
ask yourself Sen McCain will ur constituents get the same healthcare under this GOP plan as u did If not Vote No
Didn't notice any Dems jumping on the OCare train.
Channel your inner @repjohnlewis.
Thank you for your impassioned speech.
let's block it
