@BretBaier Obamacare imploding. First, when asked what would get any dem to step up and do their job on healthcare, he said to drop the
Who woke "little" Dick Durbin up?
@BretBaier Instead,  Durbin and Schummer   stick   their heads   in the  sand.
Dick Durban, supported Dennis Hastert so what does that say about the OLD BOYS CLUB here in Il??
Dims never did like for people to keep their money. Like Bill said, we know how to best spend it.
I'm watching @POTUS move in on Military Industrial Complex campaign money.

Medicaid is a joke.
This Is America!
Mexico has affordable care
We The People are sick and tired of PAYING HIGH TAXES. Then these politicians spending it on STUPID shit. Government = Waste
SenDurbin is lying through both sides of his mouth; refusing to expand a program but keep as is is not a cut!  And Insurance is not  care.
Obamacare put those taxes in healthcare. Free care for illegals middle class suffers with expensive ins. Premiums and get $700 emer bill.
All his answers were nonsense.  We simply can't afford Medicaid as it is.  #ACA is dead.  We need choice & gov out of it
Oh noooooo.  A tax cut!
What a load of BS. It's resistance, and obstruction PERIOD.
That's an absurd statement for any Dem to say the Senate bill is a tax cut.  Comments like that help the Dems lose elections.
@BretBaier about every other topic when asked but that one.  Come  on  Durbin, you want your grand kids to pay for the Medicaid cost for the
Why does the healthcare bill need to give massive tax cuts to the rich?make them pay expand program on their backs, not the poor
That's a big part of it.  It's obscene
. GOP DEATH PANEL.
We want both dip wad!
@BretBaier When will a dem actually earn their salary? There would be a  better  plan  if  done  together.
@BretBaier rest of their lives? This is what thedem party is. They    know   Obamacare is in trouble  and  will do  nothing to act on it.
@BretBaier  answering the question he was  asked several times about  needing to get the  increased Medicaid cost under  control. He  talked
@BretBaier everyone to provide the subsidies. That was Durbin's second flat out lie. I will  not list  others. The he wiggled out of
@BretBaier go down. They have climbed even faster. The rate increases in each state effect everyone there and also increase the cost to
@BretBaier the  rising premiums are only a  concern for about 5-6% of  the  citizens.  Well, Obama, Reid and Pelosi  promised premiums would
@BretBaier You know it is not  sustainable and never  was. To make that  statement as a bargaining point  is totally stupid.  Later he said
@BretBaier repeal of  Obamacare. Durbin, how many elections have the dems  gotten clobbered  over getting rid of Obamacare?
@BretBaier There were numerous, really stupid and evasive comments made by Durbin as he tried to justify the dems doing nothing with
instead of negative comments, why don't you jump in and try to help change it if you really care! I doubt it!!
And what's wrong with the tax cut?
Dems font want reform or replace just more pain for middle class elite like you have no pain nor a clue of pain hypocrite
LMAO Dicky Durbin bankrupted #IL Muni  bonds now junk next bankrupt Medicaid & SocialSecurity with able bodied people put them back to work
No Dem better vote for this. It's not redeemable in any way.
Very true, Sen. However, there is a cohort who r tired of paying for bad decisions of others, e.g., obesity, smoking, multiple children.
Says Durbin, the tool who also thinks 'Russian collusion' is behind the McCarthyite/HUAC 'inquisition' sucking down dollars every day. Ok.
It is a retroactive tax cut!  Otherwise known as TRUMP(doesn't)CARE
Little Dick lying his azz off as usual Repeal #Obamacare & let the market take care of its self b/c insurance was better & cheaper before it
Anytime Little Dick is on TV he needs to say right up front #FullDisclosure that his wife is a lobbyist. #FilthyRichSlimeBall
Blood Money
ILLINOIS IS A MESS. DEMOCRATS BLOCKING ALL PROGRESS. CHICAGO 4 DECADES RUN BY DEMOCRATS . HIGH TAXES CRIME AND MURDER. THE DEMOCRATS WAY.
Trump said on multiple occassions that he would not cut Medicare, expand coverage, & lower premiums. Are you going to home him accountable?
Like most politicians, he does the polar opposite of what he promises.
Dick Turbin = glittering jewel of colossal ignorance aka liberal Democrat.
Trump said on multiple occassions that he would not cut Medicare, expand coverage, & lower premiums. Are you going to home him accountable?
What's driving you, tricky Dicky? Your dislike for the President or the good of the American people? Stop the obstruction !!
I will vote against every Dem who is simply an obstructionist!!!
Dems hadn't read bill and were already making false statements! Time for Dems to step up and participate in meaningful way.
Trump said on multiple occassions that he would not cut Medicare, expand coverage, & lower premiums. Are you going to hold him accountable?
Obama said you could keep your doctor. Hillary lied 9 times under oath. Used a private server, Lynch & Tarmac, fast and furious. Accountable
Tax cuts work esp. If it's mine
Kudos to fox for allowing the other side to talk. Fair & balanced would mean as many dem speakers as r, but it's a start
Blah blah does the Regressive Left have any other argument always comes down to class warfare O'care was first step HRC was to take further
Exactly. Class warfare and identity politics.
@SenatorDurbin U have been a hater and obstructionist for so long u can't see what u r trying to read on healthcare.
And what drove Obamacare was a tax increase. Not healthcare. Sucks when you lose doesn't it?
Dems will never support any Rep bill. Time to pass something and let them answer to voters.
Durbin is an idiot unaffordable premuim deductible trump hate motivation
Durbin a trump hater will do anything to maintain power
Durbin a failure of leadership
Obama care has choked USA democratic incompetence
Nobody cares about democrats collapsing mental illness
Trump said on multiple occassions that he would not cut Medicare, expand coverage, & lower premiums. Are you going to hold him accountable?
Anti Christian lying for power
Durbin enemy of USA only interested in partisan power very sad shameful ant Christian
thanks Britt for pushing #Dick for an answer on Medicaid. He complains against it but has no answers #deflect
Trump said on multiple occassions that he would not cut Medicare, expand coverage, & lower premiums. Are you going to home him accountable?
democrats need to pull their heads out of their ass !!! Stories, lies, fears admit Obamacare is over!!!
Why isn't there a break for those who's income is low or below poverty? And cuts to those who make more?
Read the bill!!
Considering one of the largest taxes under the ACA the Cadillac Tax was NEVER implemented for political reasons don't talk to me about taxes
#Shame
Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
How did they know what was in a bill that no one had seen? They showed up all organized? No. They were bussed in and paid.
#shame
Protester ripped from her wheelchair and carried off

#NoCutsNoCaps #StopTrumpcare 
