Snore, must be a slow morning at the D.C. Clubhouse.
Thank you Senator for standing up for DREAMers.But please ensure to add legal DREAMers like me to DREAMact. 2 Republican bills have added us
If you read my story, you will see that I am a legal immigrant
Where is the Democrat's "comprehensive immigration reform" legislation? Where was it for the last twenty years?
Lady Oscar must live in Trujillo:LaCiudad de LosReyes, by strategic reasons, America va estar debajo del agua 50 years after.LadyOscar.Steve
Why do you represent foreigners?  Has it occurred to you that American citizens elected you?
While you debate hundreds of thousands of lives are on the line. Compromise and move on. This goes both ways. Dreamers aren’t pawns.
You should be impeached and jailed for representing foreigners at the expense of American citizens.  You are committing treason!
That's congress's job 2write legislation not @POTUS his job is 2execute those laws. 

Perhaps you have forgotten how DC works &should leave.
When a Senator reasons that the WH telling Congress to do their job is  passing the buck, then it is time for #TermLimits
and here is you admission that just about any illegal could claim DACA
You're such a joke anymore! It's time to put people in office who are actually in touch with the real constituents vs Big Money!
As usual your statement is inane. #impeachDickDurban
Have read the constitution?
What do you mean passed the buck? These decisions are suppose to be made by Congress in the first place.
What about #H4DREAMERS ?
Go away

Just deport their asses.There is nothing to discuss.They are here illegally which is against the law.Stop being stupid & do your damn job.
If they had an amendment to revoke citizenship you and many of your colleagues would qualify.
You are a Senator?!? You are one of the ones that WRITE the laws! Do your job and stop blaming others for your failures!
How is enforcing the law as written and informing Congress to change the law if they wished "passing the buck"?
All these talented,educated and military young people will leave and go to Europe.
No Wall, No new hires for border security, Funding NOT cut to sanctuary cities =NO DACA. @realDonaldTrump
Dick.. Let us start addresing POTUS with PRESIDENT. How low u can go?? U r elected official for God sake!! Be polite and civil. SAD & SHAME
IMMEDIATELY is operative word...
Hey Tricky what have you Schumer or Pelosi done for dreamers Nothing !  Nothing !!
you worked hard for trump. Anything he does is your fault
As to the admin's demands re immigration. How about Dems demonstrate the old saying " want in one hand, shit in the other" mkay?
Stand firm: NO bargaining w/Dream Act.
Thank you for fighting a good cause. Keep pushing and please #donotgiveupondreamers
Thank you for continuing your support of these fine young people, @SenatorDurbin
Passed the buck? You boneheads are the lawmakers. Get to work!
You want to know about a lot of the Senators, that your to chicken to try something new!
The administration's demands are simply unreasonable.
PASSED THE BUCK!!!  You mean PASSED it to the ONLY people that can make it LAW?  Do you even understand YOUR JOB??
Is your idea of compromise to get everything you want while the other side gets nothing? Make a deal get it done. #BuildTheWall
If you would have done your job in the first place, this wouldn’t be an issue now.
.@SenateGOP .@SenateDems Pass a #CleanDreamAct

As of yet you have not informed the American tax payers what it is costing them to support DACA, do you think it would be fair to do so??
Passed the buck??? Senator it's YOUR JOB!!
This is why U vote people like him out He is a lying democrat who wants to destroy this country. We are not England, France or Switzerland.
Right. We're SUPPOSED to be better. We're not.
The DACA “crises” is a result of failure by both parties to pass comprehensive immigration reform. The “Executive” branch enforces laws, the
“Legislative” branch writes them. Enough with the BS that somehow Pres Obama ever had any authority to create DACA in the first place w/o
It being passed into law
Thank you Senator Durbin for all you do. This fake presidency is exhausting for us and we don't even have to deal with him personally.
Pass the buck? Obama's actions on DACA were unconstitutional. As for the border wall, how is that anti-immigrant? You sir are a disgrace
America doesn’t bargain with its enemies. Definition for enemy =
The Constitution gives Congress the sole power to make laws. Saying it should do so is not passing the buck.
hey, to the senator's defense, federal workers never really do their job :D. no wonder they act as if this is horrible.
Inform trump that his request for his dream to destroy our values has been denied. America’s policy against terrorist or racial demands
Thank you, Senator!
#ImpeachTrumpNow  #DonnieDaycare
No thank you. Take care of the needy American citizen and Veterans first!
Thanks Senator ROS
Source @SethAbramson
