Your fans actually believe GOP wants to kill them! Hilarious! Just like u can keep ur doc and premium will go down $2500. #DemLies

Having recently experienced serious illness, last place u want treated is a small hospital. Sub par care is a given.
I'm sorry about your illness and subpar care, but I'm not seeing how this relates to ACA or the GOP repealing it.
Redistributing wealth to pretend people get 1st class care weakens everybody. Money is very limited, congress doesn't know yet
There are flaws in ACA, but repealing it without equitable  replacement will cause far more problems than there are now. It's irresponsible.
People died in the streets before it? No. Government involvement in healthcare is about CONTROL, nothing less.  Nobody is being helped.
Except tens thousands of people did die in the streets and accrue massive medical debt before ACA. Government is to promote common welfare.
Stop lying to the American people...we deserve better.  Obamacare has gutted healthcare in the US and you voted for it #Shame #GoAwayAlready
#ACA is doing well in states where governors allowed Medicaid exp.  it's struggling in republican governors states didn't opt 4 Medicaid exp
The ACA is failing in almost every state.  Costs are through the roof, jobs have been killed and doctor choices are severely limited.
You're very wrong, David 
http://www.modernhealthcare.com/special/openenrollment …
http://www.npr.org/2017/03/30/522091627/in-california-health-care-marketplace-appears-to-be-thriving …
http://www.seattletimes.com/opinion/washington-is-healthier-under-the-aca-dont-turn-back-the-clock/ …
let the republicans OWN THIS SHIT!! WE'LL PAY THEM BACK IN 2018!!!
Amen..But you know good & damn well their sorry asses will TRY & spin It around & blame Obama & the Dems. Trust & believe. #VoteOutAllRepubs
LOL...okay...explain how??
Notice he has no comment.
they never do when asked to explain their rhetoric
Give ‘em hell, Senator. Thanks for all you’re doing to stop this!
Thank you for standing up for us!
Disgraceful!!!
Wtf @senategop @SpeakerRyan This FLA #ExGOP will never vote #REPUBLICAN again. All Dems across ballot . No campaigns & No debates needed
How many cancelled.  Only 10 million signed up.  Your math is way off.
Keep spreading false rumors. No one's buying it.
NoNo Nooooooooo
So why is it you feel because you are poor that we should not only pay for you but then we can't afford to use our healthcare is that fair?
Vote NO on ACA repeal! Thank you.
Yes! We can do better! #perfectworld #noworries #allintogether
If it's so secret how do you know the numbers? Stop the rhetoric and get to work with the R's for a better HC than ACA.
So the middle class more than 32 million pay $1100.00 a month for healthcare & a $6000.00 out of pocket before they can use it.
Thank you Senator Durbin, we need you in Washington. I am worried about pre-existing and Medicare. You Rock
Wait a minute. Your latest tweet said 16 million. What is it?

I know we can count on you, Senator! Thank you!
Thank you, Sen. Durbin. I'm so proud to have you represent me.
Universal healthcare
Oh my. That would be horrible.
Thank you for all of your hard work!
Fight for us!!!!
Oh, honey, you literally have no idea what you're talking about.
Thanks to you and @SenDuckworth. Couldn't ask for better Senators. Keep fighting!
Thank you for caring about the people & fighting for the people, not for power & a slogan.  We are fortunate to have leaders like you.
No, wait, Trump said health insurance only costs $1 a month, right? 
You, Obama, Democrats have been lying to the American people for years, we are fedUP with the lies-deceit coming from very despicable people
How can 32 million lose health care when only 10 million are enroll most opting out because of massive deductibles & premiums? U r a LIAR.
#ORRA will leave 32M Americans without health insurance, cut Medicaid by $842B, double premiums, and eliminate subsidies.
#ORRA will leave 1/3 of Americans to live in areas having no insurer participating in the nongroup market.
#ORRA eliminates the employer mandate which will mean that employees could lose their health insurance too.
You're a lying pos Durbin.
And chances that it will pass in gutless senate...100%
More scar tactics from the Democrat party which is out of ideas.
#ORRA will leave 32M Americans without health insurance, cut Medicaid by $842B, double premiums, and eliminate subsidies.
#ORRA will leave 1/3 of Americans to live in areas having no insurer participating in the nongroup market.
...you're all talk just like the rest of them... if you were doing your job, IL would have had a budget three years ago...
Sound like Chicago and Illinois ' situation you helped create.  Great job Dick!
Nobody loses healthcare, people lose health insurance. Health insurance shouldn't dictate people's health. Even senators are misinformed lol
It shouldn't but it does, what planet are you from?
A planet where people should understand the difference between health insurance and healthcare
Can't wait to vote Tricky Dick and the 1 term Senator Duckworth out.
Spoiler
And what are YOU doing sir to assure things get better for the taxpayer?
Make it stop!
#ORRA will leave 32M Americans without health insurance, cut Medicaid by $842B, double premiums, and eliminate subsidies.
#ORRA will leave 1/3 of Americans to live in areas having no insurer participating in the nongroup market.
Please stop it!!!
Parliamentarian definitely earning the pay, keeping GOP's machinations at bay!
thank you for protecting me and my family in IL
The entire Western World has figured out Universal Health Care long ago and it works! We look like fools to them.  Time for #MedicareForAll
And the vast majority have trade surpluses with us. Your paying for it.
Single payer, senator!!!
Thank you for fighting for Americans, Senator! We appreciate your service!
Stop them!
All popular ideas are negotiated in private, right!!??
Thank you Senator Durbin, keep up the good fight
Tax breaks for the poor millionaires & billionaires ...???
SHAME on  @SenatorDurbin & #demonRATS for single-handedly destroying U.S. healthcare w/obumacare!
Please. Maybe read something every now and again.
U as well, sir
Thank you for fighting and for the update. Keep it up and thank you for representing us well.
Thank you for the update. They must really hate Americans! Why would anyone be so cruel and expect the victims to pay for GOP's healthcare!
Wow!  That bill's a peach!!!
trump's Reapercare in effect...
GROSS= GOP Rep. Carter, asked about Murkowski: "Somebody needs to go over there to that Senate and snatch a knot in their ass."
Keep fighting!  Thank you!
Seems like class warfare to me... Are Republicans trying to kill off the poor and disadvantaged to create some uber wealthy society?
That would be creepy and eerily familiar.
Seems like a great deal!! Gosh, to be winning so bigly seems unreal to me! #MAGA! 
Thank you for fighting this, Senator!
Hold that line Senator! #resist @IndivisibleIL14 #indivisible @IndivisibleChi #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
A tax gift for oligarch billionaires disguised as a healthcare bill. An onerous Robinhood-in-reverse theft-of-public-wealth measure.
Vote NO
