Tillerson told reporters his interpretation of the exchange was that the men agreed on the need to move past the election interference issue
Why didn't Obama do or say anything since it happened on his watch.
Are you joking? Or do you only watch Faux News? President Obama sanctioned Russia, kicked out Russians & took back property from them.
Yesterday was my 1st day tweeting. EVER!  I got those 16 followers in 4 hrs. Obama gave us Trump like failures of Carter gave us Reagan.
Furthermore, you don't need ANY followers to assert your right to free speech...now that Obama's gone.
Are you kidding??The liberal media propped up Obama for 9 yrs.They would ask softball question and he would bloviate for 10 min on 1 answer.
Remember when he invaded Americans cell phone privacy? Or when he removed the Miranda right but said his admin would not use that power?
No more 'hand ringing', no more 'being troubled', it's time for MoC to act!  @GOP is complicit if they don't act.
Dereliction of Duty.
tRump has made a mockery of his oath to protect the American People.
Nut job
To whom are you referring??
Expecting from a TRAITOR which publicly displayed his admiration & believe to  PUTIN by INSULTING US Intel agencies to take on meddling?
Who John Kerry ? He's the only Traitor I know in DC and I bet you voted for him and Edwards back when they ran pot head
Our sovereignty and right to conduct our own elections, choose own leaders was taken from us. We want a unhacked election, legit #POTUS!
I bet it was just fine with you when the DNC Screwed Sanders wasn't it ?
Obama was aware of the Russia situation and did nothing senator. Why dont you start getting to bottom of it by questioning Obama?
Trump was briefed in Aug 2016 abt Rus hacking as well. What did he do? Oh, yeah...he talked about the hacked emails in every speech!
Oh yea Trump wasnt in charge of anything in Aug 2016. Duh
Trump denied Russian involvement despite briefing. Leaves taking action open to charge of being partisan. Trump's response lacked all honor.
Once again, there was nothing cld Trump cld do he was just a candidate. Obama kicked out dips n sanctions that affected 12 Russians. #Weak
He didn't have to con everyone into thinking the illegally hacked emails proved something nefarious about Hillary. Like McConnell warned 1/
Trump would have raised holy hell about interfering in election if Obama said anything. #complicitous 2/
Stop being an Obama apologist. Once again Obama proved he has no balls.
I don't think DT realizes that it really isn't his decision.
He doesn't. These are ppl used to calling the shots with no push back.
RussiaGate is used as a cover-up by the internal criminals in our democracy who will be removed! You need to be investigated @POTUS
This is like saying, "you raped a member of my family, but let's get past it." Not without more work than we've seen we won't.
And move past hacking of our nuclear power plants?
My man! Keep doing everything you can to drive this investigation in a bipartisan manner. Proud to be your constituent!
Obama knew back in Aug 2016 about Russian meddling. Why did your party not do something & let Americans know?
Well that worked out well for Putin then.
And perhaps more importantly we need to safeguard against the continuation. It is already happening here, re: nuclear sites.
And US Intel is the only intel that we should listen to. Certainly not Putin's or Donald's.
@CoryBooker Hard to get too outraged given all the times we interfered with other countries' elections.
How many investigations are currently underway? Results to date? Nada... you're right @SenatorDurbin keep digging (your own hole...)
Not one of the investigations is complete so how the hell do you know what's been concluded?
Funny how some of these guys act like  they are on Mueller's speed dial and know all the results of all investigations
 
The far left Dimms attacking the core tenet of our democracy are a far greater danger than Russia
#CrisisOfPatriotism  @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @GOP @WhiteHouse @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
Did not say I am cool w/ Russian meddling. Dimms are the greater threat. Apparently Dimms want to subject themselves to totalitarian govt.
Far left = Far right. There are no more conservatives. The GOP doesn't exist anymore.
Why are Dems just now worried about Russia? They never said a word when Obama ignored his top security advisers or fired them.
Beyond the comrades deciding it wasn't Russia and the best thing is to simply forget about and move on. Trump also wants to partner in cyber
@MR_PRIME69 @NPR I DON'T BELIEVE THEM!
Russian pay back for Obama cyber influenc Russian election. Also Israel which has influenced US elections with the Israeli Lobby for 60 yrs
well thank god we have separate branches of govt then, amirite?
Concentrate on gang violence and paying the bills in your garbage state, Trump will take care of my country.
He's done a pretty shit job of doing anything besides taking credit for what Obama had already set in motion. Open your eyes.
Should Israel, France and Russia move on from Obama's and Clinton's interference?!?  Or keep bugging us about it?
BHO & HRC: interference in what?
In their elections.
In your tv comments you heaped more praise of Putin comparing him to Trump. Trump more experience w foreign govt than community org Obama
Great cyber security partner I'm sure. He'd never use any information against us, he said so himself !!
I thought the security of our country was so important! Evidentially Potus and our sec'y of state don't consider election hacking a problem.
After all, it's only our American Democracy at stake . . .
Everything Americans that feared about Tillerson are coming true #PutinPal #Russian-Co-conspirator
all puppets
Please get together with your colleagues and get this man impeached. He has damaged our democracy to such an extent we may never get it back
Oh please! Now we're pretending Obama didn't interfere in other country's elections for the past 8 years?? Your outrage is as phoney as you!
Of course they did.
Why don't you get involved in the Chicago corruption OR your states pathetic fiscal crisis! Represent your state and not not the fake stuff
Something's cookin'...??
@CoryBooker DNC servers too!!! Clinton Russia collusion too!!!!
We need to clear out these traitors! How is Mueller Time coming along?
Yup until the next election because everyone has a short memory. Remember the outcry for the #electoralcollege when #trumplethinskin won?
Move past the election attacks, AND "collaborate" with the enemy on cyber security? Isn't there a way to stop treason in flight Senator?
So if individuals here interfered with Russia our government should be held responsible
@CoryBooker let's move past you interfering successfully in helping me impact the US election cause it worked!!!
Why don't you do something for Illinois?   We will remember this at your last election.  #yourfired.
All of the people talking war.Have no chance of fighting it.Or clue about how it works. Or memory of the bad shit we do. #keyboard warriors
Exactly. Russian didn't insult its mother-in-law, you don't "move past" this.
Well said!
Well obummer didn't do anything about it and it happened under him.where was your outrage toward him
"Move past"? Stealing our elections = just let bygones be bygones? 
FBI needs to tell about Tillerson's connections w Rosneft
We'll move past after his impeachment is over.
#impeachTrumpnow #mostembarrassingpotusever
Tillerson to remove sanctions = pay off Trumps Russian loans. Why aren't Dems screaming?
"Mr President" and global Russia mafia financial organization are money laundry bedmates. Why isn't the Senate screaming?
Thank you, sir!
Both of them SO desperately just want us to "move past" the election. Nothing to see, right? Hmmm.. wonder why they fear investigation?
Cat, FBI, Mueller, Comey know Trump casino, real estate part of Russian mafia global finance. Waiting for Treas Fincent
Well, at least Tillerson has the best interests of our country in hand.
How is this happening?Unqualified daughter of DT representing USA?Where r Dems in condemning this banana-republic?
I agree!!!! It'll be revealed that the DNC or @HillaryClinton and her crime crew did this because they are sore losers and will be indicted
Then why doesn't the DNC turn over the server the Russians allegedly hacked?
NO! #TheResistanceIsStrong #RussiaGate #MuellerTime #ItAllStartsWithFlynn #FollowTheMoney #TrumpLies #TakeAmericaBackAgain #IMpeachNow
Because the US never meddled in anyone else's elections. Grow up. No votes were affected, people just got to learn how evil Dems are.
I have never in my life seen a president of the United States of America so inept and lost with total lack of respect to our country.
Ummm....NO
Obama said "he'd have more flexibility after the elections" Hillary sold uranium to the Russians.  Where were you with the real Russia?
Moving past Russian hacking of Pres election?
Time for 65 MILLION ppl to send letters to WH & tell them won't stop till Mueller gives proof.
#Dick how does a career politician become a millionaire.... By raising taxes 32℅ from the people who actually work. #SeeYaDick
Dems owe President and the American people an apology for false narratives on Russian collusion.No evidence.Shameful!!
And no evidence of obstruction of justice.Shameful!!The real crime is Dems leaking of sensitive gov't information.Sad!!
We cannot move on....we have to stop our election interference & continue to investigate 2016. Our democracy depends on it!
Trump and Putin took 2hrs because there is a lot of planning to go into the 2018 midterms!
So he wants us to believe all is good in the world of Putin? So we hang out until they hack 2018 election -maybe Republicans this time!
Dereliction of duty. This man needs to be removed from office.
They are still at it.
Keep digging; you'll find that your own party is responsible for lots of treasonous acts
I assume we know what they did.  I assume we know how to prevent it from happening again?  Can you answer that please?
Need leaders from past/present, 
Rep & Dem 2speak up on infiltration of WH/US policy. Never b4 seen such blatant corruption & disregard 4 
You are a joke. I'm surprised you're not in Hamburg with Brown and Deblasio.
Trump IS the bottom of it @SenatorDurbin are you not paying attention or are you just too F'ing old to do your damn job or are you corrupt 2
@CoryBooker @NPR Aren't the Russians also behind the recent nuclear power plant hacks, too?
@CoryBooker Thank You! Save Our Democracy!
#25thAmendmentNow
Hopefully we do, with or without him.
Would @POTUS feel that we need to "move past" if Russia had conspired with Hillary?  #Resist
THANK YOU. We need to find out what's going on, and fast.
Well, isn't that SPECIAL. 
Thank you, Senator.
Let's stop dwelling on yesterdays treason and get back to the Confederate monuments debate.
He and all the Dems are doing all they can but keep getting shut down by majority GOP.
Both of you are blockheads.
And how can you 'move past' it, when it's still happening??
Hey Obama already told Putin to cut it out.
The fake president is the bottom of it.
Staged meeting worked out beforehand. Pretend convo. Guarantee the script re hacking written ahead of time. Answers a prelude 2 putin agenda
There better be no moving past this. Because moving past means heading straight for a totalitarian society.
So, then you support the Election Integrity Commission? Let's find out if Russia (or any other nation) registered any illegal voters.
In person voter fraud is NOT AN ISSUE. Less than 100 cases were found in hundreds of millions of votes cast.
The only thing that EIC wants to do is kick minority voters off of the voter rolls.
Given what we can observe here, I can't even imagine what's in the classified info.

Well, I can.
Well if they agree that makes it all better. : )
Please get to bottom of it. Unlike DJT, I trust Mueller/FBI will do just that!
They are still interfering. It is not just the past it is now & the future.
F the trump regime! #resist
Why don't you work on fixing the ever expanding government that has financially broken the state you represent?
And what's going on with this impeachment thingy, senator?
Unless you're a traitor and support Russia's actions.
Sick, you know that what you are asking , he will not do. You and your colleagues have the unenviable task of taking him down !
No way. $wewillnotmovepast
I think if we start with the Clinton foundation,  we'll find what we need.
#SoStupidHeVotedForTrump
Russia impacted zero votes. The real issue: Hillary got crushed so admit it.
Reminds me of Bush not wanting a 9/11 commission.  Republicans never want accountability, only power.
What was our president at the time doing about this????? Huh!!!!
#SoStupidSheVotedForTrump
Yes we do!
We need to get to the bottom of it after those two clowns are removed from office.  @realDonaldTrump and Tillerson sold out USA.
yes we must I deserve to know along with the rest of the world #Russia
@CoryBooker   They'd like us to move past it so we don't find out the truth about their collusion.
@CoryBooker Oh Fuking HELL NO!!
Fuck no! Do not move past this. Our president is a traitor. Pure and simple.
Put HRC on it. No, wait
Give them hell until we know the truth!
Exactly. Please stay on this, Senator.
Is that the same as saying "Cut it out". Sen Durbin you need to move on from the Russia collusion myth. Putin got Trumped, admit it.
Thank you Senator
He'll get home and tell Rosenstein to fire Mueller since everything is settled
And. They. Are. Still. Doing. It. 

Worse, he knows it. He went into that meeting this morning fully briefed about the nuclear reactor hacks
Hillary sold US uranium with Obamas approval to the Russians. Obama interfered in Israels, France & Germanys elections. Is he any better?
Let's get to the bottom of illegals and dead people voting for Hillary also. Right!?!? Oh wait, you're for the party and not the people.
#SoStupidHeVotedForTrump
#snowflake
#SoStupidHeVotedForTrump
Did you ask #44 why he knew & did nothing?!
#SoStupidHeVotedForTrump
You want to blame anyone about Russia, blame Obama. Russia hacked under Obama's watch!
Dear Dick, We have been at the bottom for quite a while. The dead horse has been thoroughly beaten and is now unrecognizable as a horse.
Durbin, unless you were there, you don't know! Tillerson said Trump talked about hacking & then moved on to things of importance!
@NPR DRAIN THE SWAMP  !!!
Then put something on the table....like evidence  You are using this witch hunt as a tool to deligitimize P45. Why not own this truth?
He are at the bottom, any more and you will be digging a hole.
And now Putin will continue to attack us with the orange tinted buffoon's blessing. There will be no Gop or Dem party, only Putin REMOVE HIM
Our Illinois senators make me so proud. Don't let up, Dick!
He's trying to run the country despite Democrat, Media and Obama leakers obstructions. Get in board or retire old man. You ain't done crap.
This whole administration is inept & corrupt. Please be the check on this abomination!
Traitor Trump would love to forget about it and continue his fake news media bashing so he can become the first USA dictator.
"Donald, vee are friends, yes?  Friends don't hack von another. So, ve're all good now, yes?  No more trouble for you, yes?  Good, good."
Senator, please do not embarrass yourself with this Russia hoax. Dems are already at the bottom. More you bring this up more you alienate.
#SoStupidSheVotedForTrump
Sweet heaven! Will Congress step up and stop this handing over of our democracy??!
Dems would like to but seems majority Republican Party has lost any trace of a spine
They can move anywhere they want but the majority of the American want answers. Is Trump a crook???
Trump in bed with Russian global money laundry. Eg FBI fined him $15M in 2015. FBI fined trump since the 90's. Mueller knows
In any other time, Russia meddling in our election would have been deemed an act of war. But POTUS seems non-plussed. SAD.
Issue?
Actually, attacked DNC, which refused to let FIB investigate...
Let's "move past" treason, but #45 wants American Citizens voting information?!!
Some intel community. First 9/11, then Iraqi WMD, and now Russia is picking our President? Sounds more like CYA than the truth.
Senator, can u explain why Congress is NOT concerned about what USA intel has discovered, but nods at putin denial?
Book a slot with Maddow
BS
Thank you for calling it what it is - an attack. One that continues and that our government has a responsibility to protect against.


Isn't that Mueller's job?  How about looking into all the illegal votes cast in Illinois...they hurt the election more than Russia!
What illegal votes?
You old fool, BHO knew about Russia since last Aug, and DID NOTHING. Lets investigate the DNC, particularly Podesta and. Russia.
Your definition of nothing is questionable.
Nothingburger there is nothing there.
Please keep the pressure on this topic. The 2 who likely colluded have no say in when we will 'move on' ftom this.
We cannot afford to "move past" this. Russia attacked the US using cyber warfare and they must be held accountable
How do you know that?  Obama, Hillary, John Posesta,  Wasserman-Schultz wouldn't hand over servers to FBI. Why?
Obama knew about it how come he didn't do anything about it. I don't see you complaining to him
Everytime I see a tweet from you, I can be assured that it will be full of ignorance.
We are counting on our elected officials to get this idiot and his treasonous family and friends out of the White House. 
Yes, it's absurd to just "move past" Russian interference. Our democracy was attacked, @POTUS. Doesn't that mean anything to you?
What????? What if GWB told osama lets just move pass this
I thought he did.  W forgot about Bin Laden a few months post 9/11.  Ah, family ties.
Yeah?  And According to the US and world intel, Iraq had WMDs in 2003.
#SoStupidHeVotedForTrump
He did. Asked his buddie puty is he knew anything about it and puty said no. Good enuf for trump
Once again Dick. Where were you when this occurred under Obama's watch?
Being stonewalled by the Rs in Congress.
If you go on vacation in August you can kiss your job goodbye, why don't you worry about your state, can't even pay their employees
Oh I love the smell of #Desperation in the morning!
So you're OK with many states having one insurer and some will have none
Like we are so innocent in elections. PDidn't Obama try 2get Bibi voted out,what I care about,jobs & Healthcare.Trump is not inexperienced
pooty's orange booty... diaper don pressed pooty's hand gently whispering in his ear..."was it good for you too.."


"Nothing to see here, Ladies and Gents. Move on!"
Why didn't John Podesta or DNC give over their compromised systems to the intel community?How can a gov official have a pwd of "password"
I agree Dick. Keep trying to relive 2016 over and over again. Hillary keeps losing and you become more irrelevant as your state implodes.
Consistency is a beautiful thing. Wish only that SNL was on this week.
Trump is a disgrace such a traitor to our ic community,our media our people we need to impeach please hurry up!!!
I cannot believe this was said by the US Secretary of State about the US President, both willing to bury election hacking..
Lift carpet, sweep under...goodbye democracy.
Zip it
Does this get Tillerson a promotion on his Russia's Order of Friendship award?
@SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth Please do not let him get away with this; continue to fight for our democratic process. He obviously does not.
