Sen. Dick Durbin: "I have questions for Donald Trump Jr." http://for.tn/2ujwi0x  
make the laws stronger on family members being in the administration, limit the president's powers by a LOT, revise the pardon power.
And what makes you think he won't lie under oath? Perjury doesn't seem to phase him. Hell he probably stole from sick kids.....oh wait.
Why do u think "under oath" means anything to @DonaldJTrumpJr or @realDonaldTrump?!?!?
Do you demand the same from Hillary and Loretta Lynch?
It's up to the voter's to hold #Congress accountable in 2018.
I'm afraid even that might not get us the truth.
He will lie under oath most whites do & shit doesn't happen like now corruption at the highest while we snail pace it through @GOP
I have no faith that he will tell the truth even under oath!
But Sessions lied under oath, nothing happened to him..
Jr will lie as well? What can be done?
And yet you never had questions for Hillary or Podesta. Kind of ironic, isn't it dick.
Why didn't u question Hillary, Comey, Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner, Slick Willy? R u at all concerned about Pedogate, pedophilia in D.C.?
I'd like to see every member of 'Con'gress under oath as well.
It won't matter if he is under oath. He'll lie just the same.
true; that's when the law puts him in a whole new level of jeopardy. Clinton was impeached for lying under oath.
They'll just lie. They all know that the president can pardon himself and all of them. Really, why bother. I think the senators need to...
Senator Could you find out why Loretta Lynch provided credentials for this Russian Agent and also if the Company she was representing did no
Don't hold your breath....
I'm not sure what you mean? Such accusations will be investigated thoroughly. It appears Obama Administration may have abused power.
What does Obama have to do w/ Trump Jr.? 
Nothing!! It called the "But Ma everyone does it". Excuse defense. Just like a 10 year old who got caught stealing candy 
@DrTomMartinPhD @FortuneMagazine How many do overs will he get?
Follow the money. There will be interesting findings at the end of the journey
How long will congress allow the lies & cover-ups to continue? Trump is either physically or mentally ill. Remove him from office!
@cnnbrk
I cannot imagine that being under oath means anything to .@DonaldJTrumpJr .
Shame really. I hope you ask him the same you did Hillary?
I sure wish you were this persistent with HRC's actual reckless behaviors but since you didn't care, I don't care what Trump Jr did at all.
He will still lie!
He can testify after lying Susan Rice, Samantha Powers & ALL the other corrupt Obama admn about THEIR illegal unmasking 4 political purposes
why, no matter what he says, you are not going to believe it. your becoming a crazy #conspiracist  I think you need to get your head checked
Waterboard the tratiors
I love to hear Susan Rice, Samantha Power, Loretta Lynch, BarackObama, et al. Under oath. Of course they'd lie or  take "the 5th".#AntiAm.
There has to be a crime first Senator. You don't just get to whip up a hearing because you don't like it. Sorry pal.
Would have to hook him up to a lie detector trump family have not ethics or morals
He's just going to lie like his daddy!
Whopper Jr.
Don't you mean that you just keep reinterpreting the story, putting your political twist on it to suit your own agenda.
Right
Senator, what recent event makes you think you will hear the truth from Dj, even under oath?
An Oath will never stop a Trump, That is for the workers not them.
Colleen - you are not making sense
The question is: will he tell the Truth or some made up version of the Truth?
Why don't you have questions for Hillary and the DNC
My ? is, when did he become part of the campaign. I heard the boys wld not be, they were in charge of the bsns. Guess not, so go to jail.

An oath won't stop anyone in that family from lying.
Thank you sir.
Well at least you have questions, super Dick, cause you don't have any answers !
#DNCFraudLawsuit  #Demexit DICK
The Senator, the media, and tens of millions of Americans concerned about our democracy care. Curious why you don't.
Fake news, they didn't care when Clintons raked in money from Russians. All roads lead to dem collusion!
Secret Services fires back at Trump lawyer: Trump Jr. wasn't under protection during Russian lawyer meeting.  #1 Foreign Enemy in WH?
I suggest polygraph for Donny, Jr.   Russian intelligence pipeline right into our WH, for God's sake.
Why he'll lie there too
You are perhaps the worst partisan hack in the while bunch! #RetireNow
I hope you're not naive enough to think that swearing on a Bible would make any of these liars suddenly start spouting the truth. Are you?
Hook him up to a polygraph, because he will LIE.
Under oath will mean nothing to anyone in the #trumpcrimefamily
Total set up to perpetuate the ongoing #RussianHoax. Quit tricking people into thinking a meeting is a crime
@AC360 Yes let's drag everyone into court and let the chips fall, where they may.
Under oath. And then prosecuted. The GOP led by McConnell and Ryan have shown they are without any moral compass, and will do nothing.
It will never happen, this is all fake news you know according to GOP - well unless it is for them and not the truth against them. Sickening
As if under oath makes any difference to Donald Trump, Jr. (or senior for that matter)
The Story, It Keeps A Changin. Little Bob Dylan there.
Not that he'll tell the truth. His father didn't in a deposition.
It appears we are not asking the right questions
The ONLY people to benefit from this was Hillary and DNC !!!! The Credentials for her reason to be here came from Obama Administration!!!!!
Maybe you should start with why a Russian attorney with an expired visa was still in the U.S.. I'd like to know where it goes from there
If the Company she represented did not exist That means the only reason she was in our country Was to set JR up
Yet no curiosity on the #DNC @HillaryClinton Ukrainian meeting
What, at this point, does it matter? - some politician in the past....
And what makes you think being under oath will matter?  Sessions lied under oath, but still serving.

Will being under oath mean anything to him? Perjury???
..not until the whole royal family is behind bars without access to twitter.
Just keep quiet and get your defense contractor checks and be happy too much TV time from a broke state
I'm pretty sure Illinois will survive. But The senator appreciates your lack of wisdom.
I think we all have questions. Many, man,y many, questions.
Lol he fell for the oldest trick in book. Democrats too smart for trump!!
We'll see how smart they are when it's found out about why she is in the country and then again why still here on an expired visa.
So What? Expired visa and forged dns logs justified to stop fascist sexist! You probably voted Trump roflmao
Yuppp ---while we are at it how about Hillary the  Queen of Corruption, Lynch, Podest ...hell, let's throw in Obama too. Bring it all.
Don't let jared fly under the radar... He Actually LIED on his security clearance form... Keep up the good work  #Resist
Kushner traitor! Quinn tried to warn us!
Apparently; you have no understanding of treason.
I think wanting to rip minorities to pieces is treason, Mr. Man. We're a rainbow nation!
Not treason!
He'll lie there too.
At what point do we decide that #enoughisenough? @GOP
If Trump Jr. changed his mind that many times while ordering in a restaurant they would kick him to the curb but the #GOP thinks it's fine.
Mean while Clintons keep pilling up body bags and it doesn't bother you a bit
