Torch-bearing white nationalists surround group of counter-protesters at Thomas Jefferson statue in #Charlottesville http://instagram.com/p/BXskMHLB7H7  

I'd like to put that tiki torch out by shoving it where the sun has NEVER shone in his f'ing khakis. I hope these  are all ID'd & fired
Amen to that. They need to round them all up and throw them in jail. They should all burn in hell right next to #45TheNewHitler
pretty weak tea there Durbin.  McCain and Cruz made strong statements.  The KKK are terrorists.  Time for you to step up.
Birtherism...ignored by the GOP put white supremacists in charge. Bannon, Miller, Sessions, Kobach, Trump all told you who they are.
I think that's a feature, not a bug.
Demos have a piss poor record of calming anything especially with  schumer and waters... just saying
I hear NO ONE condemning BLM?  Black Panthers?  George Soros?  Anifa?  -- many others.  ONLY MSM narrative as WHITE & GOP. Time to clarify
@SenateDems excellent show of strength keep it up semiautomatic on the other hand would have been great.
Mr. Durbin, I grew up in IL. My continued respect hinges on your ACTIONS from today forward. Remove Trump or democracy dies on YOUR watch.
I am a NON-White Female:  I stand w Trump the GREAT! TRUMP is ABSOLUTELY CORRECT: Condemn ALL Hate Groups, including COUNTER-protester group
ANY US CITIZEN WHO PARTAKES in vandalism and physical abuse against another should loose their citizenship
It is us. This is us.  It is ahuman problem. Gov't sets poor example of how to act. And citizens elect poor examples. Both need improvement.
Good words, now put your actions where your mouth is
You are part of a hate group! You democrats hate President Trump. Why? Because he has rallied Americans to demand more from their gov?
The only supporters of these hate groups were the hate groups themselves. But if we are truly a free people we have to let them protest.
Agreed!  Especially the KKK.
The Trump hate groups, too? Dick Durbin?  Do you condemn the Trump hate groups?
Thank you. As a Chicagoan who was born & raised in Charlottesville & graduated from UVA, I'm glad you & @SenDuckworth represent me.

End Durbin
Did you send a request to the WH and ask them to remove the White Nationalist Bannon Gorka and Miller to start
Thomas Jefferson- today we'd call him TJ!
This is a contradictory statement. Are the counter protestor not a hate group? All Americans are All Americans, right Dick?
CNN is 100% FAKE NEWS
#thisisNOTus
But how do you reconcile that sentiment w/the fact that these hate groups are directing their solidarity towards 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue?
just like Hatefilled Counterfeit Durbin
What are you doing to get Steve Banonn out of WH?

On the contrary, this is exactly who the @GOP & their base are. They're just #NaziRoachesInTheLight along with #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
THE only people who are hated are the whites.
Did you condemn black lives matters during or even after riots?
Senator Durbin that's what you get when you promote like the SWAMP does Saul Alinsky protocol. Shame on you
Words are cheap. Action is necessary.
I condemn your disregard for American History and the statues that represent truth. The Antifa disrupters are they locals? no hate speach
Pathetic Sadi that this is our country.  Look to your president for this crap #hesnotmypresident #StillWithHer
Does that go for both groups? Since Antifa showed up to fight?
Oh, God, if I hear  the " who we are" thing one more time I'm gonna puke. Did Dick get excited when his guy shot up a baseball field of Rs
So two groups protesting and one is worse than the other? We are a nation of protests. We are a nation of free speech, even when we disagree
Yes Tony one is worse than the other. The Nazis are the bad guys.
Disappointed that your tweet did not specifically name white supremacist groups and neo-nazi groups.
This is not who we are.
Thank the enablers in the White House. These groups now feel emboldened.
Um no, this is exactly who we. Hoping that we are not what we truly are is childish. Try again.
Thank you for using the proper term - hate groups.
RT - http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/david-duke-charlottesville-rally-trump_us_598f3ca8e4b0909642974a10 … NAME THEM!
It's who we are now, thanks to trump. ISIS tactics used by trump supporters. WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO REMOVE HIM? 25th amendment! use it!
As do I. Does this include the antifa Senator?
It's amazing black lives matter they can destroy property kill people shut down major highways riot but some white protesters can't?
@SenatorDurbin- Radical Left Wing Democrat drivers run into innocent, peaceful protestors and try to KILL THEM!
I'm afraid this is precisely who we are, as a nation. What are we who don't want this to be true going to do about it?
All these liberals must have been asleep during the Obama reign.....
No. You stand with illigal imigrants. As you said it publicly.
Please, call them Nazis. They are Nazis. In America. Call them out.
Are you blind this IS who we r look at who's president, a rude, self centered, looney and NOBODY IN POWER did anything to STOP him.
It's not
@SenatorDurbin I really hope you will take just a few minutes to read the comments on your post.
Just like you did when BLM wanted to KILL police?
Then condemn BLM
Yes it is. Look at the people running the country. Everything Republicans say and do is proof that this is exactly what America
has become under trump.
Do you condemn the racist hate group BLM Durbin?
no this is exactly who "we" are. The sooner you face it, the faster you can solve the issue
absolutely,I&my beauty @margbrennan strongly condemned violence,hate rally,there is no place of violence,racism in US,Pres should intervene.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin. Stand up with the United States and not the hate mongering emanating from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
I am a Virginian and it is frightening how soon it will spread to other parts of the Commonwealth. Only 2 hours from C-Ville
It sounds like a bunch of intolerant people out there Dick. On both sides.
This Senator, this is who you support when the @TheDemocrats chase that WWC vote. @DNC @NancyPelosi @TomPerez  As you can see it's not
economic anxiety, it's hate and fear. This is what the resistance fights. Inequality. True oppression. Not this self-indulgent victimhood.
Not hate. The @DNC needs to focus on the rights of all people. That is what we are losing. That is what we want. Talk to your base not
these hate-filled, whining, privileged people that don't understand the true cost or weight of oppression. Chase your base damn it.
Chasing these people, chasing the WWC is chasing the very people who want to eradicate your base.
Proud that you are my Senator
Unless the group is BLM....
Respectfully, Senator, it’s who many here have always been. We need to address it like the disease it is. Condemnations are not action.
I call on you to introduce and support policy to protect those they hate.
Well. All Americans except Trump.
CNN the most untrustworthy news source around. Ha!  More propaganda for libtards.
Let's see. Demagogue elected. Black shirts in the streets. Germany, 1930?
Where the dear leaders response??
No you don't
God seems to have stopped blessing America.
Talk to @senrobportman he seems to think this is ok
Do you condemn hate groups like #BLM?
Thank you Senator!  Democrats in both sides of Congress need to be more vocal!
It is up to Congress to stop what is happening in America today. Time is running out.
pass a bill why dont you - all talk
Thanks a lot Trump  If you're trying to destroy America  . . . 
THAT IS TRUMPS 30+% constituency
But this IS who trump, Bannon, miller and gorka are. Remove them and let's rebuild our country.
Start by getting Gorka, BAnnon and Miller out of WH. General Kelly?  Then amendment 25
When your group calls people whose political ideology is different from yours nazis, then say it's ok to punch nazis, this is what you get.
Thank you, Senator.
Have you condemned blm terrorist hate group?
Then y did the Dems start the KKK?
It's kind of strange you didn't have a problem with BLM or occupy Wall Street or any of the other ones. Why would that be Dickie
Where is @potus where is @gop where is @nationalguard where is @dnc
To you and your fascist party everyone who disagrees with you is labeled a hater. It's a tactic. We see it for what it is.
@REALDONALTRUMP @vp this is on you two.  You protected racism in Indiana, you hired racists alt right in your administration.  This is all U
Then you need to call for the removal of the Nazis in the White House: Bannon, Miller and Gorka.
Why, because you don't agree with them?  Tough.
This is Trump's America. He's emboldened the radical right. If this is #MAGA in their eyes, great = evil and ugliness #MakeAmericaKindAgain
Call them what they are #nazis.

#Fascism
I'm so saddened by the events today in Virginia. This has to stop. I stand with you
Wrong this what America has always been.Difference is white folks have a taste of how it feels to be a minority
Congressman @PeterRoskam Where is your outrage? You can't straddle the fence forever!
BREAKING: 
VA Gov McAuliffe (D-VA) has declared a STATE OF EMERGENCY due to the Neo-Nazi rally at UVA, due to VIOLENCE.
Yes, this IS who we are & it's a sad indictment that we're still in this place!
@CNN This is not who we are or what we stand for 
As well @POTUS should.
As this division u and ur party are creating increases so does the risk of severe backlash within our country. U will be highly responsible.
You stoke the hate with your vile politics of elitism and exclusion and then try to get on your high horse when the bill comes due? Too late
I guess dems need to speak cuz 45 won't
All because of bigot in the White House.
Normally I would agree. Look @ Rep Congress who supports POTUS who supports the ALT RIGHT! No police protection?
Who is "we", senator? Looks like a lot of Americans ARE "this". Sad.
dynamite this Thomas Jefferson statue to rubble so it doesn't continue to attract these bunch of losers to the site! what u got to lose?
Unfortunately, it is exactly who we are.
What about Gorke and bannon? Get them out of WH, asap
potUSA is quiet when he sb asking Nazis to stop their BS...
Where is Trump? Pence? Sessions? Despicable.
To all those greater than thou voters who couldn't vote for Hillary, are we now better off? You now have what you wanted.
Steven Miller is in the White House and hes a terrorist!
#ImpeachTrumpNow 
Gop owns this!
Don't understand the ease with which democrats are willing to give up American history and wipe it out vs using as a teaching tool.
Sadly, this is who we are.
Thank you for speaking out.
And most all of America stands with you
Thank you sir for standing up. We cannot stay silent. First they came for my neighbor...this is terrifying.
@POTUS is quiet. Must be golfing. Notice @GOP isn't retweeting its members condemning this, either. Great leaders we have in Washington.
It is who we are. Sadly and sickeningly. Trump values=trump voters' values=This.
THATS FUNNY,THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS A HATE GROUP !
This combined with WH scary talk every day is what makes the impossible to happen possible
Does this include hate groups who have found a home in the White House? "You know what I mean." #impeach45 #ActionsNotWords #charlotesville
Actually this is who they are Senator. Can't ignore what's in front of your eye's. So do something about it!
Until @POTUS condemns this, then I beg to differ. THIS IS WHO WE ARE! But this isn't who we should be.
But it is who we are becoming in Trump's America.
Thank you.
Sorry- but silence from @POTUS speaks louder than your words. Shame on the @GOP
Where are you people when black groups call for segregation? Or stand on street corners and tell people to kill all whites? Racism go 2 ways
Educating about our history and government. Voter registration. What about you?
And we are doing just that!
@SenateDems the GOP deserves all the blame for this. Trump should be held accountable, GOP should condemn LOUDLY
This violates Freedom of Speech. @aclu we need to talk.
I just don't understand why?  If everyone just worked played and lived their lives they wouldn't have time for this hate. Just be
Apparently it is who some Americans are. Starting in the White House!
Thank you for condemning this. I've seen enough of Trump's America... we want our country back.
You were blind during Obama' America huh !!!
@CNN And no condemnation from our hateful, ignorant president of this hateful, ignorant event on our soil.  Impeach him NOW!

Found a livestream of the rally https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=-ukFAvYP3UU …
I hate Illinois Nazis.
At least you do Senator. The silence from @realDonaldTrump and the rest of @GOP is truly telling and very sad #altrightiswrong
As long as we promote violent fascistic militarism against other nations as our primary foreign policy this will never end.
YOU KNOW THAT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS A HATE GROUP,  RIGHT !
Too bad none of your GOP colleagues feel the same way.
Sorry Senator, this is who we are. It was kept under a dark carpet for a longtime & trump poured kerosene in the .
But black groups are ok? Certain black groups looking for segregation is ok?
Unlawful assembly called..
https://youtu.be/7wRIAXc_w2E 
#StevenMiller 
White House Top Aide
Wish out @POTUS had some balls to stand up against hate. Alas, #LowClassDonny is playing golf. @realDonaldTrump is a laughstock
Dick, You worked in Govt for decades: Illinois is in junk bond status while you destroy state: You created this:
Neither is a mayor and a senator that care nothing about their own city of Chicago
We must break these scum and prevent them from spreading their hate.
Senator, time to help Red state DEMS!  Use you PAC!  Come to fund raisers!
Can Dem & Repub. leaders please go there, stand together and say "Enough is enough!" We need unified/strong/unequivocal message from leaders
This is terrifying - normalizing white supremacy and hate for an entire generation of children. It has to stop.
This is America under Trump and the current GOP. Time to remove the head of this stinking rotting fish. Impeach.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin. @POTUS thinks it is how to #maga. Now that is truly sad!
Thanks @SenatorDurbin. I wish @realDonaldTrump and @GOP had an ounce of your moral conscience.
Thank you for standing for Love.
could not agree more but you can bet @CNN will milk this for ratings to the hilt instead they are giving the air time they want
Where are the majority of Republicans on this? The outcry should be deafening! Are they Americans or cowards who agree?
Has Cheeto Hitler even acknowledge or condemn this??
That is VERY sad
It will take the WH to condemn this attitude. Americans will be perceived as barbarians until trump is impeached.
We are what we show and tell the world we are. I am very ashame to be an American today. It is a sad day in American and Trump is liking it!
This is a small segment. Very broad brush you have. The left fascists label everything that disagrees with their view as hate. It's a tactic
It's pretty scary how many people even showed up to this.
Thank you for standing up against hate!
UnAmerican
We stand with U Senator ROS
Elections in Virginia soon, show the GOP and Trump they're losers.
This hate reminds me of Germany when the Nazi's took over!  This is appalling!  We are all better than this!
Where Are You When Antifa, BLM, Etc are beating up conservatives? More one-sided empty rhetoric.
Welcome to Trumps America
These hate groups are uniting for a reason. What is their end goal? Terrorize? They should be labeled as terrorists.
I'm afraid this is what the hell this country is. This shii should have been stopped when dumbass was running for president.
It IS who the GOP is though.

Hate groups are tearing down our history. We're simply standing up against you.
Thank you.
