I'm glad someone sees the light.
Yeah,  I don't get what kind of people would think it's okay to treat the disabled like that?
Yes, every Bill is tax cuts to the wealthiest disguised as something else
The Senate has lost its way under McConnell's destruction of the democratic process by ramming through this bill with no hearings. #Shameful
what does someone elses taxes have to do with my healthcare?
You work with these people Dick. You know just how vicious and vile they can be.  Now tell the rest of the country
No sir. It's a murder mandate.
Quit giving away money earned by hard working to people who think they deserve it.  Work on building up Social Security and Medicare.
You are implying people are choosing health problems; or are not working hard. Try living on what the bottom 20% of full timers make.
YOU & @SenateDems CANNOT let this happen! #REVOLUTION @GOP MUST GO! 
If constituents don't make their views known to their Reps than how do the Reps know the consequences of their vote? This isn't a vacuum.
Its not a healthcare act. Thousands, possibly millions of Americans will die. #AmericanDeathCareAct #ADCA
Please keep up the good fight against this outrage
Let the States provide their own healthcare laws. The federal government should not do it. Gut federal healthcare, give state's power back.
God help you when you or yours get seriously ill. Many states can not go it alone. We need interstate exchanges.
Learn to read and comprehend the written legal legislative word... or either you are just a damned deceitful Democrat liar spewing PC-BS.
lol he's not even going to read this
Thousands of others are... have a good day.
You're a bot tho...so thousands of other bots?
Let's call it what it is-it's "Wealthcare" not healthcare.
THIS. IS. SHOCKING.
It's a health kill bill.
Well why do you #DoYourJob and and step up to the table with your ideas.  Send it to Trump or work together with him to Make it better.
Obamacare failed and you lie to us! Either work with the republicans or don't! The bill will pass! Get over it
Ugh... I am finding it difficult to read past page 40 without being disgusted. They should've added pictures of cats. 
Go get them.
When will the #GOP be honest with their voters? GOP does not believe that people struggling with finances and Heath need a hand up.
@SenateDems @SenatorDurbin @SenateGOP same old saw... From those who voted for failed obamacare.
All ACA did was expand Medicaid! That's not what it's for! We're broke! Choice competition & gov out is only way out of your mess!
Do what you can to fight it! Ridiculous the GOP can't amend & make improvements to Obamacare, all b/c of 45's hatred for O

Oh Durby, we see your healthcare FAILURE, Obamacare, I don't think you have any room to criticize. Your a simpleton Communist. UNAMERICAN
We know you have our back, know we have yours! TY!
Their bill=Sad & shameful. McConnell needs to look back at what he said when the shoe was on the other foot. He's behaving worse, by far.SAD
It's a travesty. I call it #wealthcare.
Don't ever use a pit bull as an example of a mean dog....We know  many loving devoted Pit Bulls....You are a Fool....
Fight it, Durbin! Fight!
Yes this is what THEY wrote in secrecy with NO input from dems.... don't let them say we wouldn't work with them...they wanted none of it
Praying for you.
Please help me if my business becomes as big as I know it will, I want to be able to leave my job, but #IAmAPreexistingCondition x3
The GOP Death bill.
thank you for standing up for health care! In lieu of the AHCA should be renamed Death Care. #NoTrumpcare @SenateGOP you should be ashamed
This is their sin against humanity they have no heart  and they have the votes .It is up to us to vote them out of office.
No need for death panels. Just let everyone die.
Thank you, Senator Durbin, for continuing to fight this abomination.
Then help them correct It!!! We voted for you to be a politician, earn your paycheck and do your thing!
Thank you Senator Durbin! #IL16 don't forget @RepKinzinger voted yes to the House version of #WealthCare. #VoteHimOut11.6.18!
No it's their tax break and screw everybody else bill
DeathCare.
No. It's legalized genocide to make the rich richer.
If Medicare isn't getting less money than this year ITS NOT A CUT!  Quit with your political double-speak, aka LIES!!!
Too manyhaveMedicaidandcould work  Quit givingpeople welfare.I'm sick tired of working my backside off to pay for thosewho chose not to work
Mr Durbin: I'm an advocate for pit bull dogs, your "put a lace collar on a Pitbull & it's still a mean dog" remark is atrocious. Apologize

It's "wealth care" not "health care" #trumpdontcare
Keep fighting Senator Durbin!
@SenateGOPPlease. Continue to fight this bill,as a health care worker and the mother of a medically needy child.Please fight.
Tax cuts for the rich

FUCK TRUMPCARE!!!
You bet it is. Read on...
i agree with you its a tax cut for the rich 
and fuck the poor
Please start calling it what is is: "Wealthcare." They'd rather take Healthcare from millions, to pay for Wealthcare for millionaires.
Seeing as how you trashed the American Healthcare system I really don't think you have any credibility on the matter...just go away.  smh
They don't care about their constituents unless they have loads of $$$$. Poor fools have bought @SenateGOP litany of lies.
indeed. I do not need a tax cut. I need people insured. @SenateMajLdr  should be ashamed.
It's a #KILLBILL
No. Please call it what it is---GOP's #TaxCutsforthe1PercentDeathtoTensofThousands bill. #Resist like lives depend on you. They do.
Thank you for the strong stance! This is as much an equity issue as it is fiscal; health care should be for all, not the wealthy few.
So what's your plan
My daughter suffers from mental illnesses. We NEED the ACA for her care! This is a DEATHCARE BILL for my family!
Please do everything you can to stop this, Sen. Durbin!
Who put them there voters & we will vote them out.  McConnell and Ryan ought to be first to have it.  Pay your own premiums were done paying

I thought there might be some "health" or some "care" in the healthcare bill. But, nope.
That bill is HERESEY!
It's so disgusting because of the gross immorality of greed
It doesn't matter. Dems r POWERLESS! Oh did you know they r 0-5 in the last 5 elections. Still laughing my ossoff.
Tax break like u got with ACA? Not having to participate in it. Having Obama exempt u from it. Not good enough for u? Only the common person
Keep fighting!
Vote no on trump death care!
It's more like "We don't care about your health". Astonishing. This is the most sinister group of men and every one of them is a "christian"
Its a death bill.
haven't read the bill--but i doubt 149 pages of tax breaks for rich--
are you lying again dickie ???
Hey bot I'm surprised you can read at all? What's code for "whiny little robot" ?
It's the Wealthcare Bill !
Nothing healthy about this bill. #stage4 #cancersucks #NoTrumpcare
Proud you represent me, Sen. Durbin.
PLEASE just let them pass their horrible bill!  People will see it for what it is and Dems will have a landslide win in 2018 and beyond.
Best HealthCare in the world is DirectPrimary HealthCare without Insurance Co-Govt-MiddleMan-Where prices are known & Competition is allowed
Too many elected officials blow off READING actual bills, dump on staff; lobbyists/oppos count on this. Thank you for doing the job RIGHT!
@SenateDems @SenatorDurbin @SenateGOP same old saw... From those who voted for failed obamacare.
Their "WealthCare" bill is more like it. How could anyone other than the 1% be OK with this ???
The kool-aid drinkers think it's dandy. They're a special kind of stupid!
Lmao... Yes, you're exactly right.
This is the sole agenda of the Republicans, kill Obamacare. Then give $$$ to already rich. Poor and elderly left on sidelines.
CALL  @SenDeanHeller in #Nevada. @cspanwj 
#LasVegas 
Phone: 702-388-6605

#Reno
Phone: 775-686-5770

Washington, D.C.
Phone: 202-224-6244
So Dick what Healthcare plan do you have? Why didn't you and all the orher Dummycraps sign up for Obamacare if it was so great?
Dickie, every taxpayer gets a break with this plan
Glad I don't have to call my Senators. @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth are on it.

Although I'd be happy to chat!
I've called them anyway encouraging them and thanking therm.
