Senator, you ought to raise a parliamentary objection if McConnell tries to change the Senate rules by a simple majority.
Reid's vote in 2013 was a point of order that GOP improperly used filibusters. That doesn't apply here, GOP's on questionable legal ground.
If Senate Dems raise point of order, GOP will have to defend their claim this filibuster is an unremediable threat to separation of powers.
They might just run over all your arguments anyway but it's important you raise them. Republicans have a VERY shaky case for nuclear option.
No they don't. Democrats started now Republicans are going to finish it.
Ok. Show me on the chart where the "Democrats started" this.
They used the nuclear option first. So fare play in return.
Not for lifetime SCOTUS appointment, and after long-running GOP obstruction (refer again to the chart).
No your at this point do to Harry Reid and you. You know when your took minority rights away for Appellate Justice or confirmation hearings
Stop him!!!!  Do your job.
How? GOP will change the rule to get their confirmation... Sen Durbin & Dems literally cannot stop this. He's doing his job. Not Dems fault
It is the Dems fault thanks to Harry Reid. Durbin doesn't know how to do his job. He hasn't had a job since the late 70's.
Yet, if the shoe was on the other foot, it would be "Procedure"-right? Party makes the difference.
No, Russia makes the difference.
Democrats are more involved with Russia than Trump.
What happens if there is a serious outbreak of stomach flu among Senators and not enough can make it to even have a vote on Gorsuch?
GOP will change the rules to let them vote at home

Who removed the 60votes needed for appellate judges? Yours. You keep changing your position to fit whatever narrative you've made up today.
After the #GOP filibustered more than any other in history. And appellate not Supreme Court judges.
Yes ever escalation and retaliation must be the answer. That's the small minded way to failure.
Look at the #GOP...
You're absolutely right.  McConnell will go down in history as harming America more than any legislator of this era.
Under his leadership for 7 years, McConnell has demonstrated again why congress has the lowest approval rating in our nations history.
Simple majority was implemented by Democrats! Blame republicans for playing by your rules???
#ditchmitch
Investigate McConnell. His hands are dirty.
When does he retire? When is his seat up for election?
"Don't be fooled" by Dick Durbin.  This should be the name of his autobiography.
It will be an easy read...
All history of this aside, this act today will be the talking point in #2018
please elaborate. How's he destroying minority rights? (Honest question, idk what you're talking about)
Trump appoints Chao
Trump needs "win"
@SenateMajLdr goes nuclear
Y this not a story?
It's been written for months
I don't doubt you - but where?
And I've seen nothing about it recently; not even polemics from Lib/Dem side
He is amazingly eager to partake of the fruits of treason!
McConnell, ur hypocrisy over Garland and rules for nominating Cabinet members will go down in history.
No, not true. The Dems changed the rules b/4 Obama took office. Remember, McConnell said, this might come back to bite the Dems in the butt?
Remember how Democrats wanted slaves to count as 1/2 a person for Representation of Southern States? No different today!
Granted the slaves were still slaves and had no rights according to Democrats.
Why do Republicans hate minorities so much and why do some minorities still want to be like them? Confused world of people.
Remember Senator Reid in 2013.  That was the end.
Your an old fool which is a shame in itself. Because with age should come wisdom. Reid started this path and now crying over your own making
Thanks to Harry Reid.This is all on him. You reap what you sow. Get ready to reap. #NukemMitch
I hope you are right. I look forward to seeing the GOP reap their rewards in the next couple of years for what they are presently sowing.
Dems do not have control of the house, do not have control of the senate and do not have the presidency. Of course you don't get to choose
McConnell, having failed to achieve his goal of "making Pres. Obama a one-term President" is as fixated on his hatred as is #TraitorTrump
I believe some from both parties are involved.
This is ALL on @SenateMajLdr - he obstructed MG nom and made up his own rules. BROKE HIS OATH. He's a disgusting disgrace. Senate dictator.
Exactly! @SenateMajLdr is a profiteering hypocrite.
you and the rest of dems need to pull up big kids underwear and quit this petty 3rd grade tot for tat, DO YOUR JOB
Garland was Robbed
What is @SenateMajLdr still doing in Congress? He's def not wrkng for the benefit of Americans. He just laughs at us! Sick!
HARRY Reid
I love you.
But you're entirely fine with going the nuclear route under Reid? #hypocrite
@WomenG4Hillary he is the reason term limits should exist
@tritriPro5 INDEED!
@monkeyes2 He set this up long ago. Must keep telling this story.
Yes, McConnell must go
Maybe a million people need to go to his house !!!
Let's do it!
Road trip 
Ooooooooh cookies !!!!!
Pringles!
You can't stop the pop !!- 
No sir, it is clear that Harry Reid set this precedent, nice try though.
To coin the Democratic bull shit he is a racist
You have to be smarter than you show
blame senator harry Reid
Tell us the truth, do you all refer to him as "the turtle" in private? We all do outside the beltway.
Can you say Harry Reid
McConnell is lining his pockets with millions from the Chinese.
Dems have to keep pointing this out.  Repubs have a narrative that conveniently omits disrespect to Pres. Obama and Judge Garland.
stay the course everybody forget the GOP was the party of No
he's a spoiled child that can't play well with others
Please vote to confirm For such. Do not let the Republicans invoke the nuclear option.
Can you say @HarryReidnose and turnabout is FairPlay.   #becarefulwhatyiuwishfor.
Durbin, It was YOU & other Dem SOBs stood by silently & didnt protect Prez O, THAT IS Y this is happening. The Rethugs would have lost!
vote no on the new healthcare plan
Sen. Durbin informed us that MCCONNELL is the horrible snake behind minority rights retractions.
McConnell is the ringleader, but there is a complicit, racist majority in the Senate.
I appreciate your whining BUT HOW ABOUT BEING STRONG,fighting publicly,pointing this out on every media source,SHOW STRENGTH!
you need to retire youhave been there tooooo long
Not to be "that guy" but what are you going to do about it? We're counting on you.
Yep.
Always gotta pull out the race card, dont' you
You sir are wrong.
Are you out of your mind. What minority rights did blacks have after mayor Daley put the in gulags i.e. Public housing.
Thank you Mr. Durban
I'd say it's a pretty good example of "depraved disregard" since Judges like Gorsuch are at least a dime a dozen
Then why can't you convince other republicans to not support him??
Thank you for speaking truth that others seem afraid to admit!! 
@SenMajLeader was the leader of obstruction during the previous administration. This is all on him and him only!
Thanks to Harry Reid we are at this point! You started it so u could stack the lower Lib courts ! Jokes on You!
Please do some research before asking really dumb questions.
Sorry - I thought you were just being a troll.  Try a Google search for some self enlightenment. Minority rights will get you started.
well stop him. How can you let one mean Ole hick ruin the country?. 0make that 2..no one's. stopping Trump either. Wimps . Both Parties.
My suggestion to you is that you discuss with your GOP colleagues. The public is angry. Somebody must have some brains over there.
@ArianeBellamar Sorry but Dems created the world of rule by exec order and simple majority #electionsmatter
Bullshit!!!
=> Agreed.
If using the filibuster means the rules must change to prevent it ever again, there was never a filibuster option.  Eyewash only.
stay on it
You and every Dem who ignored Jill Steins Recount effort and @Greg_Palast proof of 17 yrs of election theft are equally culpable. #growapair
It was very apparent with the way he treated President Obama and then have the nerve to accuse dems of being obstructionists ..
Goes back to Senators being directly elected. The 17th Amendment should be repealed!
You lie. Schumer: 7/07 - Senate should not confirm another Bush SCOTUS nominee absent “extraordinary circumstances.”
& it exists because of #HarryReid You were ok w/ it when DEMs were majority. Now the table is turned. #StopWhining !
Agree 100%! Thank you for speaking out!
That's the problem. Too many are easily fooled. Some of us see which party gen'ly tries to reach across the aisle and is rebuffed constantly
. @SenatorDurbin he has spent almost a decade singlehandedly destroying this great institution.
Other @GOP #Republicans contributed, remember the vows at the Caucus Room Conspiracy. Glad @TheDemocrats seem to have found some courage
BS Durbin. Dems caused this precedent under Harry. You can't fool Americans other than your sheepish flock of mini me mindless leftist.
Your use of the term "leftist" renders your reply irrelevant.
Cc:  @SenateMajLdr
You should be embarrassed for your clearly partisan actions that are contributing to this.
Agreed, they could easily hold a vote but refuse, knowing they have insufficient votes...just like House blaming Dems #AHCA
in response to GOP that in 200 years this hasnt been done, you should respond that in 200 years there has never been confirm when @potus 1/2
and other members of govt are under investigation. in 200 years there hasn't been an election disrupted by foreign power.
in 200 years, its a first for @FLOTUS to live in a tower like a disney character, relatives to occupy power positions, profit from taxpayers
LOL. Pay no attention to the Harry Reid behind the curtain.
