2/2  Puzzling and troubling @WhiteHouse #HolocaustMemorialDay stmt has no mention of Jews. GOP and Dem. presidents have done so in the past.
where's your proof that the brits created it
it doesn't say that; it says 'used by Jews' & Arabs didn't agree
what is it with Jewish obsession with the fabled 6 million figure? I know Jews are obsessed with numbers.
@ADL_National @WhiteHouse  Typical don't want to upset his Alt Right buddies?
Either that, or maybe because jews aren't the only ones who've suffered a holocaust
No one said we were. Just noting that on Holocaust Remembrance Day, the WH didn't mention Jews by name as in the past.
How about remembering all the American men who died? What a holocaust for the US, what a loss for our men!
Very True. Many lives were lost. No one is denying that.
Its a fact. And 5 million non Jews Bubba. Stop the stupid. @JGreenblattADL @WhiteHouse
Not after the Nazis like you got through with them.
Nazis were totalitarian not socialists.
I know that but they weren't socialists. It was just a name.
Mr.Greenblatt, How are you heartless enough to suggest the Jews that died are not innocent!? you are disturbed!!
They put 12 million people to death in concentration camps. 6 million were Jews. What about the non Jewish that were murdered? Don't they need remembrance too?  And all Jewish and non Jewish murdered were innocent lives.
Is it better to identify the victims as Jews or people?  The Nazis identified them as Jews, weren't they wrong?
.@JGreenblattADL @WhiteHouse

Israel Defense League's tweet did not mention "Jews" either.  You're going to get on their case too?
that's because when written by a pure-blooded jew, "men, women and children" implies Jewish men women and children. The rest are "goyim."
So says the evil that is now present in the WH. Pretty words from the darkest hearts.#RESISTANCE #WomensMarch
.@BluesPetal @JGreenblattADL @WhiteHouse But Jews stand with Muslims against US. Don't worry we will never forget. Ever. Please register 
It's quite possible our #IllegitimatePresident has no idea
He is my #TempEmployee and has been placed on probation
6 million Jews 5 Million non Jews for 11 million total lives lost. #HebrewSchool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rhGMCYWqKI …
Walk up to a survivor, or a repentant nazi, & call them liar.
You never left your state, have you ?
Also The Zionist helped Hitler escape Germany,everything you know is a lie @akaSassinak @Stumpy_Dumpy @LGCummings @elderofziyon
@ADL_National REPORT then BLOCK THIS ANTI-SEMITE.
Plus gays, disabled, gypsies, political protestors. All of the right's favorite groups.
Freedom of assembly.
Does that make it better or worse.
My dear friend, please deprogram from the Holocaust Shoah Hoax
He can't even READ most of those words, much less write them.
you can piss off now, little man
also including 5mil people of other religions for 11mil+total.So yeah,a incomprehensibly huge slaughter! All deserve memory.
I can't find the holodomor day?

History has also shown that the activities after the Holocaust has destablilsed a country and brought about a great rift in the middle east
this statement is BS. Jewish people were killed. Tolerant? Together? Yea @POTUS you arent these at all!!!
If the word holocaust doesn't remind U of Jews, where is your head? & there were many others. U did not say.
I wonder if the people of Israel supports that?
~ See Also: 1/2 His Followers + Bannon Deny The Holocaust Occurred. You Forgot Who You Were Dealing With.
~ Trump Needed A Vague Shout-Out To The Russian Soldiers & People Who Died In WW2. Captain Putin's Orders.
If that is the statement, the rest of it is nicer than anything he's said.He mostly just talks about himself.
1.2 mil Germans killed after wwii in prison camps. 1945 till 1950 camps on the river Main.no word about that.
there were not only jews and how'd you came with 6 mil #. Aushwitz  changed frm mils to 400G and yet 6 M stayed
Stop whining!

Do Jews not fall under "innocent people" somehow? "Not just" implies they don't, which sounds way worse.
Every anti Jewish state says people omitting the targeted Jews
are you saying jews weren't innocent ?
@bernstein_evan @WhiteHouse  WH commented well yes 6M Jews
were killed but so were many others & we are an inclusive admin
That's because it is a LIE, you lunatic freaks..!!
You seem selfish.  More than Jews perished during the Holocaust.  Try to understand what Trump intended.
@realDonaldTrump As a Jew, I'm 100% fine with the statement. 12 million people were killed. 6 million were Jews.
Oh please. NOT JUST JEWS DIED.
The statement was probably written by Bannon
So you are saying the other millions who died in the camps don't count?  Nice. @WhiteHouse
We understand Jews are not only Nazi victims; Many other groups of people suffered as well: http://bit.ly/2k9u9wB 
So what is your problem with the statement?
@ybarrap proving his support for Israel is all about fattening US war industries etc and zero about protecting Jews..
That's right! He also wants us to really believe that light shines brightest in the darkest hours. How?WTF?!?
Let me remind you the holocaust included gays, blacks, the disabled, people of other religions, anyone non-Nazi.
God for bid he groups Jews with Goyem. Is that your take? What about the 5 million non-Jews killed by Nazis?
Ya don't think we all understood who he was talking about?  We did.  1 day dem party won't even exist anymore bec. of lying.
Good, people will know that in WW2 millions die (no only Jews) & Jews'll know the world doesn't turn around them
@SenatorDurbin @WhiteHouse Don't believe it for a minute. Nothing was "missed." This is exactly what it looks like. #Resist
I'll take the support for Israel & "innocent people" over abandoning Israel & platitudes ANY DAY!
ties with Israel so do spin this off like this White house is discriminatory against Jewish People....
Israel is Jewishcountry and it was Obama ruining those relationships with the "jews". Trump will strengthen
Just want to clarify the Jewish people fall under the "innocent category" Alot of other died aiding them.1/2
why is that important when obama was trying to send jews/Israel to the Muslims ovens? Smh
How Ironic that current admin is addressing Nazi holocaust & Bannon is White Supremist/Nazi like! #p2
Does @realDonaldTrump know what "Love" means?
NOT defending BLOTUS but ALL murdered should be remembered always, not only 6 million, as often haps. #PetPeeve
da ali niko ne spominje milion Srba. Od Kragujevca preko Jasenovca do Auschvitza itd.
Using the words "certain people" to backhandedly call out Jewish people here highlights the problem.
This reads like a neo-Nazi tweet, implying that Jews weren't innocent victims. Very insensitive.
And, because Shadow President Bannon doesn't like Jews.
ten millions of jews and romani, black, sick handicapped
Actually jewish deaths was only a small % of the total war dead. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_War_II_casualties … play the victim forever
The guy who posted that statement is a disgrace to humanity in general par jewish people in particular
Spanish Republicans, Romani, Slovenes, and many more. It are Jews just more important? No. Remember EVERYONE.
No Jonathan it was not just Jews. Russians, Serbs, Poles, Homosexuals, the disabled, Freemasons, Jehovah's Witn:
coming from trump this tribute is hollow...it has no meaning...he know nothing about the history.
if he said "Jews", other Nations who lost innocent lives would have complained..like French, Soviets, Roma etc
also failed to mention 60million murdered by Bolshevik Jews in Russia circa 1917
They didn't "miss" anything - it was done on purpose.
Also millions of Christians
does the ADL not think non-Jews who perished are also worthy of a mention? What's going on here exactly???

muh (((6 gorrillian))) the biggest lie ever told. There weren't even 6m Jews in Europe prior WWII
Is that statement from the WH a joke?  Love & Tolerance, then he bans an entire religion?
@HOUmanitarian @WhiteHouse Also the correct way to address "Jews" is The Jewish People @realDonaldTrump ! :)
the VAST majority were Jews-more than 6M-r u afraid to acknowledge that fact cuz ur bias has holocaust deniers?
This could NOT have been written by Trump. If written for him ( likely lifted) biggest pc of mischaracterization
@realdonaldtrump How about 20 million Russians were killed during WW II? How's about million Arabs were killed by Kissinger's planned wars?
yeah, even the Nazis made it clear their business was killing as many Jews (& others too) as possible
What about the 20-odd million innocent Russians, the 3 million or so Poles? Oh, yeah - not Jews, not important.
How bad the Jewish enemy have being/are and will be is because they talk to much, Nuke: Iran, Arabia, Syria and free Israel!
inorrect please read the http://history.best  to b correct when u tweet
incorrect*
the list is incomplete there were many more such as:German Communists that were murdered also.
@arnonyy @WhiteHouse were they not innocent?
LGBT, Roma, scientists, & political dissenters also killed. It may not have been in thw same numbers, but don't erase them.
So the jews that died were not innocent?
Sir, are you implying that jews weren't innocent?
He said 'innocent victims'; logically includes Jews among them. Not an omission. Gotta strain that gnat tho.
"Innocent" and JEWISH. Same for you targeting people cause of religion! Love sees no color no religion no creed
- There were millions of  non-Jews, too. Why do you begrudge them some commemoration, too? Shame on you, Jon!
- And why should I care about what happened to Jews if you don't care about my relatives' deaths?
It sounds like you are saying that they deserved it, Jonathan. Very antisemitic.
#Bannon and #Kushner - I just don't get it.
#HolocaustMemorialDay  https://adambaumsocal.wordpress.com/?p=1380   'innocent people'
What of the gypsies, socialists and trade unionists? A life is a life.
.@SenatorDurbin @WhiteHouse http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/314230-whip-list-sessions-on-glide-path-to-senate-confirmation … If you vote for a racist Attorney General, you dishonor victims!
: Wonder how @jaredkushner feels about that "small" oversight? How can he work w/anti Semites?
Troubling, certainly. Puzzling, not at all. BLOTUS can't write. Bannon wrote this. BLOTUS owns it.
its because no jews died. It is all a lie and you know it. WE SEE THROUGH THE RUSE. We are the Colllective.
You do realise you are saying the jews that died in the holocaust were not innocent, right?
Deeply disturbing that on this same day DT now TURNS AWAY, BANS, another large group of people from our shores!
what nonsense.  Millions of others besides Jews perished in the Holocaust.   Cheap shot at @realDonaldTrump
Lots of people died. Why do you only talk about jews? 
And what about 5 mln non-jewish victims of nazi genocides? "Innocent people" includes them.
3/3 @JGreenblattADL civilians, the 250,000 people with disabilities and all the others that died at the hands of the Nazis.
2/3 @JGreenblattADL more important than the 5.7m Russian non-Jewish civilians, the 1.8m non-Jewish Polish civilians, the 312,000 Serb
1/3 @JGreenblattADL The statement mentions the victims, that includes the 6m Jews. Why would they need to be named separately. Were they
And the disabled and gays and other groups.
I have no doubt the Nazi's committed atrocities against Jews, but why did they want the Jews gone, you sold them out in WW1
what about the many more millions slaughtered by Jewish Bolsheviks, you don't have a monopoly on suffering.
So the Holohoax was humanities darkest hour? more people have been killed and suffered but Jews want monopoly on suffering
jan 27 is not #yomhashoah. educate yourself  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Holocaust_Remembrance_Day … @WhiteHouse
All your sins can be forgiven and you can rejoin Humanity, it's up to you. Accept Jesus Christ as your messiah
I know you think of yourselves as superior to other Humans, but you're not, it's not too late to rejoin the Human race
If Jews didn't harp on all the time calling people anti-semites then you wouldn't draw attention to yourself
President Trump is a friend of Israel yet that isn't enough for the ADL Zionist propaganda unit.
and in case you think I am some Nazi Trump voter, I am not American and therefore had no say in the US election
Auschwitz plaque once said 4 million Jews died, now says 1 million people died mainly Jews yet the 6 million myth remains
Calculations show that it would take 35 years to burn 3 million people using 100 Auschwitz style furnaces
6 million Jews live in New York, 6 million in Israel, 6 million myth of the Holohoax, you really are obsessed with 6 million
funny that after WW1 newspapers in Europe ran with stories about 6 million Jews starving and dying in Russia
It was around 5 million innocent people in addition to the 6 million Jews. He's including homosexuals, for instance.
Sorry but Jews were not the only dead, and allies murdered more civilians after the war
@padakitty @WhiteHouse That was omitted because Steve Bannon hates Jews
JUSTICE N PROTECTION FOR THE PERSECUTED. PUNISH THE WICKED RAD TERRORIST! GD LUCK!
and yet somehow I get grilled on Twitter for likening Trump's rise to power with Hitler's. Go figure.
apparently, I'M the racist
So naturally that means Trump wishes to exterminate all Jews, following retarded SJW logic. #MAGA
Russians, Poles, people w disabilities, homosexuals. Lets not forget about them when your trying to make a point
there were also 6 million non Jews that died, and you didn't mention them either...
Well he doesn't want to lose the Nazi vote.
I for one only care about the innocent, perhaps @POTUS shares the sentiment @WhiteHouse
@tarastrong @WhiteHouse if you knew your history you'd know the nazis ALSO killed gays and gypsies.
I read his comments and they were appropriate. certainly the Jewish people who perished were innocent people.
@SenatorDurbin @WhiteHouse 
What are doing to stop him?
#WeMustStopTrump
@tarastrong @WhiteHouse basically you just said because they're Jewish, they couldn't be innocent people.
There were no problems on this planet until some talking monkeys called "humans" came along. Why subdivide the race as a whole?
@realDonaldTrump Except if they are Jews or Muslims
@tarastrong @WhiteHouse Personally I think all the victims should be aknowledged and this was appropriate.
@severud @WhiteHouse That's not a bug; it's a feature. #Antisemitism #Bannon
@tarastrong @WhiteHouse what a surprise: @realDonaldTrump can't even honor the #Holocaust survivors properly. #ImpeachHim
perhaps including ALL the groups would have been the best way to go about it, but, I'm not a decision maker
Well, really it was MORE than the six million Jews who perished. There were many groups that perishd
Not a fan of the White House right now, but lets not get TOO nitpicky, else one might undermine one's criticism.
Wow what a reach. Especially since it wasn't just Jews who were killed.
Jonathon sounds like your strongly Suggesting #JewGenocide #SuchHate #HolocaustRemembranceDay 
@POTUS Carry On
@ADL_National not misses. OMITS. Intentionally. #Twitler
@tarastrong @WhiteHouse maybe that's because it was also homosexuals, polish and others of different faiths that also died.
It wasn't just 6 million Jews. Many other groups died as well.
wouldn't want to disappoint the Nazis who supported him I guess @jgreenblattadl @whitehouse @tarastrong
We've had that drilled into our heads our entire lives, and everyone else is forgotten to focus on Jews.
The irony of this statement on #holocaustremembrance day juxtaposed with the refugee ban is staggering & a sin.
I guess the other people who perished don't count. They just weren't Chosen enough. Sad!
@Finkelmeister @WhiteHouse Could tgere be a more hypocritical statement from #BLOTUS
#freedomforEuropeans
His son in law is Jewish and he's the most pro-Israel president in decades. Be careful judging.
This Administration is utterly bereft of historical perspective
FFS, do you seek to ignore "innocent people"???
.On #HolocaustMemorialDay let's remember the SEVEN million gypsies, blacks & homosexuals... slaughtered AS WELL as the six million Jews! 
love and tolerance? From you?? What a joke.
muh 6 gorillian joos!!
