Judge Gorsuch needed to be straight with the American people about his record and his views—avoiding critical questions was unacceptable
He needed to show that he'd be an independent check on President Trump and rule against the right-wing groups that picked him if required
Judge Gorsuch was given a full and fair hearing. He was given every opportunity to explain his judicial record and his views.
I came away from his hearing firmly convinced that I must oppose the nomination of Judge Gorsuch.
No one should be surprised that Judge Gorsuch will need to meet the threshold of 60 Senate votes in order to be confirmed.
Majority Leader McConnell has made clear time and time again that 60 votes is the standard for matters of controversy in the Senate.
60 votes is a threshold that #SCOTUS nominees have met for the past ¼ century. If Gorsuch falls short, then Trump should pick a new nominee.
With the legal and constitutional issues haunting this White House, the Senate cannot rubber stamp a lifetime appointment for this President
I will vote no when Gorsuch comes before the Judiciary Cmte. I will vote no on cloture. I will oppose his nomination on the Senate floor.
He did!!
Judge's roll is to follow laws & Constitution. Judge's job to interpret existing laws that YOU helped wrote.
He did. He followed the Law. You don't like his rulings, maybe the law should be changed. That's your job.
WE THE PPL SPOKE THRU THE ELECTION TRUMP WON WE WANT CONSERVATIVE JUDGE NOT BIASED LIBERAL U OWN
@rivernewstc isn't it time for you to retire yet?
Sounds like Judge Gorsuch has done that through his career. WHY do you oppose?
your record does not demonstrate knowledge and understanding of the Constitution so your statement makes no sense
...Judge Gorsuch made you look childish, so all you have left is partisan crybaby tactics....
..you need to get your head out of your a**,as the fumes overwhelm your brain...
It is up to the Judge to uphold our Constitution and our Laws, not make decisions based on color, race or gender. He has!!
...and he didn't.  State of Illinois is lucky to have you in office
The Law, something you Democrats can not understand! Term Limits!!!!
This is the most ridiculous thing I've ever read. Please find something more useful to do with your time
@msrosati Never gonna happen. He is an ideologue who is for & by the rich & corporations.
well women r counted out
alas, he didn't. Filibuster is the way to go.
Since when have you cared about the Constitution? You've undermined and side-stepped it at every turn b
heaven forbid a #SCOTUSnominee profess to believe the constitution isn't a living document as if the words morph.
Which he did.  But go on.
He has his entire@career. Stop playing politics and do your job for the people not your party!
We deserve better...than you. :(
he has. And there is no indication he won't continue to do so.
Gorsuch rules on precedent and the constitution, not emotion. About time!!
Seems like he did that.
thank you, from an Illinois resident.
Thank you.
sour grapes Dick!
But you were for him before you were against him. Explain that, #hack
Because he was unsatisfied with NG's answers? It's refreshing to see people change their mind based on new evidence
I hope not,but I tend to believe he'll judge on his own believes,the right wings tends to do that.
97% Constitutional rate is a higher than how many Judges? The answer is the same as : How many Judges have yet to rule?
RHFA
how does one selectively uphold the Constitution?  That doesn't even make sense.  Who are you?
He did.  You and your caucus are the only ones who wants the law enforced for some people.
He's a lock. The only question is, will you make McConnell use the nuclear option? Probably best to save that for a rainy day
he interprets the constitution. Not like you who want legislation from the bench.
.@SenatorDurbin What have YOU ever done? NOTHING! You're a CAREER POLITICIAN who is WORTHLESS! Illinois is done with you! We will go nuclear
Well Dick...call Reid. You know him. The democrat.
he has.
Ok (um) Senator, what are your reasons? Is Gorsuch a worthy justice? Or are you playing party politics?  You'll be voted out.
You voted for him in 2006.  Clearly, you are not a man with any integrity.  You are a @SenSchumer whip boy.  #pathetic
You should be flogged in front of a Costco.
Legalism senator how does it work?
you should step down you.
how much has George Soros paid you to vote this way? You do not represent Illinois but left wing liberal hate groups.
But you voted for him before? Nothing has changed
Isnt justice blind. As a lawyer yourself you should be disbarred. You gave no legal reason for voting no just George Soros bs
Didn't you approve of him previously? I'll answer that for you. Yes you did. Just walking the party line again.
And what about the 9th U.S. Court Appeals?
9th U.S. Court Appeals just stuck their ass in face of Congress, Obama & Obama's list of seven countries. Way To Go! 1 for @realDonaldTrump 
So, the judges that concurred 97% of the time with him also ignore the Constitution? You are a partisan hack!
the Senate should not be considering any SC candidates while the WH is under investigation by the FBI.
Fake fake fake fake.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin
Please oppose approval of this nominee!
Harry Ried confirmed Gorsuch in 2013 while Durbin said and did NOTHING.
why not say "I'm going to vote no, because I'm a useless partisan prude". Instead of trying to justify it with silly reason?
Thank you, Senator.
You don't even uphold & defend the Constitution. How are you going to hold someone else to a standard you do not meet?
How dare Gorsuch uphold the laws with impartiality and not the feelz. *insert fake gasp here* 
Thank you.
@PurlLeslie I watched the hearing with an open mind and I, too, have grave concerns.
Yeah, he won't and anyone thinking he will is fooling him or herself.
I think you hit the nail on the head here. Gorsuch exhibited no capacity to empathize with the other in his hearings.
Its not a judges job to "empathize" with anyone.  Thier job is to follow the law as it is written.
And if empathy wasn't needed for literal interpretation why not replace all judges with computers?
I don't  believe he succeeded
