So do I get to choose what laws I follow too?
Illegal is illegal
Oh so we should punish children as adults now?
Illegal is illegal. My first ancestor in this country was a white slave in 1609 so my family started in this country against their will too
So you're saying we should deport you?
That would be hard to do, in the 4+ centuries my family has been here my country of origin is no more and my relatives were killed off
Oh having relatives to go to is a consideration now?
Amazing how much right wingers struggle with the difference between being brought to the US by your parents vs entering yourself.
It doesn't matter. You and your parents should be deported then. We have laws, follow them, or don't even bother coming here.
DACA is wrong because it circumvents immigration law and provides amnesty to those in this country illegally.  Let's comply with the law.
DACA changes the law to show mercy+compassion to your neighbors Luke 10:25-37
DACA is not law and can be rescinded at any time.  In essence,  it rewards those who are  in this country illegally.
It protects those too young to even be aware they were committing a crime. US is only home theyve known, your neighbors 
Luke10:25-37
Bottom line is that they are here illegally.  Any form of amnesty encourages others to come here illegally.  Come here legally or don't come
Bottom line is they are your neighbors and showing them mercy is just as important as loving God 
Matthew 22:36-40
Thank you Senator, you have opened so many doors for me and let me live the American Dream, and most importantly recognized im human.
What about green card holders?
They're your neighbors Luke10:25-37
Thank you on behalf of the innocent children and the parents who came to this country in search of the American dream.
Thank you for your service Senator. Thanks to DACA, I can contribute to the US economy as an engineer.
THANK YOU
let's vote him out
Might be covered under Obama care.  Hurry you could loose coverage
Follow the law not your opinion
Seems like it's time for Dick to go. See you later dick.  We're tired  of  trophies at the finish line for loosening
Thank you
So you really don't care what the voters of your state want?
I agree
Thank you for all you for these young kids.
Correction: It was 7 years ago that you violated your oath of office (but I'm sure there were maaaany violations before that) #Constitution
Thank you!
How about resigning or maybe getting lost on a long trip?
What if anything have u done in the same 7 yrs. 2 help taxpaying hardworking law abiding American citizens whose money is used for illegals?
If you like your President, you can keep your President.  Hey, like him, we lied!  Love, Wi, MI, OH, PA
Are you going to pay for their college/trade school? NO! Legal Americans will. Send them back & have them apply "legally" to come in.
You are from Illinois?! Why don't you DO SOMETHING for the black AMERICAN CITIZENS in Chicago? 
Stop The Violence!
You care more abt illegals than you do Americans. Why don't you do smthng to help us? Work w #POTUS to improve OUR lives. You work for US.
Why? A law is a law! Why don't you Back the Blue like you do illegals!! Or back the victims of illegal aliens! Illegal votes??
how abt defending whats legal for once - like immigration laws on books-my daughter-in-law worked hard to become a US citizen
You are betraying young people who are in our country legally.
Isn't your state about to enter junk bond status?
7 years ago you demanded the American ppl to pay for illegals coming to this country. Go job playing to special interest, Oh hell of a name
'Little Dickie' Durban--a turncoat and a fraud. Would that u worked as hard for AmCits.
Hey DICK wake up call. TRUMP 2016. I agree a kid brought to USA without legal status should have a chance BUT not a right.
Where is the BRIDGE act then? Bi-partisan bill that should have already been voted on. Put your money where your tweets are.
All you bleeding heart liberals want to ignore laws you made. Follow it or change law. Period!
Oh, you are still there?
Can you make a sanctuary tax-free City I don't want to pay taxes anymore
This Illinois voter, says, "I will do everything I can to defeat you and all cheating, law-breaking politicians!! #TermLimits
If it's left to stand you'll be defending it to its death.

You only have until January 3, 2021 to say that. You will not be re-elected in 2020!!!!
@RepGutierrez @jahimes @ChrisMurphyCT @SenSchumer @RepSeanMaloney how about those with TPS #SAVETPS
Yes you did all while Obama kept the borders wide open... great job securing your future...
The American People know that you prefer to protect illegals over legal hard working  US Citizens who know what Progressive Marxism is.
Senator, when are you planning to defend Americans from #H1B visa program scam? It is a disaster and nobody in Congress cares.
What  "DACA" means to Democrats-WELCOME. Republicans believe it stands for DISREGARD AND CAST ASIDE. They will know how it feels in 2018 
So you're against following laws. You believe you can pick laws you want and ignore ones don't like. Sorry don't work that way
Sir, how do we the People get Chump & Dence to get impeached?

Thanks Senator
It was your failure to pass immigration reform that has led to this mess! #DACA violates the law
I reached out to you today, please do not exclude legal dreamers! We were also brought by parents, identical situation, worse off
Do you even know what the word "illegal" means?
I know what the word "neighbor" means 
Luke 10:25-37
