Explain deductibles to people who think they have affordable/free healthcare and watch your support disappear.
Just let the current terrible bill implode and @SenateDems own it
Senator can you please refresh the public's recollection how the Democrats handled the drafting and passage of the Affordable Care Act in 09
Even if you believe dems didn't listen to reps(they did)how is 'getting even'with that helping the poor and middle class?
The existing bill does not help the poor and middle class. The proposed bill is no better. Repeal & allow cross state border insurance sales
Not true. If it was,not many people would be supporting it now,yet the majority of Americans favor ObamaCare,even republicans.
Keep believing the polls, the same polls that said Hillary was going to win 2016 presidential elections.
I will. And when these investigations are done maybe you will too,but I highly doubt it.
@SenateDems fuck the affordable care act. It ain't affordable
The ACA has failed. High deductibles and premiums. Time for you to lead the D's in working with the R's on real HC.
#ACA needs improvement not destruction by "sound bite". Some premiums are higher than they would be with larger exchange client pools.
ACA needs to die and the bullshit market regulations killing the healthcare industry (and health insurance industry) along with it.
If I only had a penny for all the Dems who were in Congress in 2008-09 and now are complaing about *being in the dark* and bipartisanship
ACA: Over 100 committee hearings. 25 consecutive days in debate. 2nd longest markup in history.
Didnt the GOP complain saying 2 MONTHS wasnt long enough to review ACA & they tried to vote in Trumpcare in a week? Lol
Meanwhile they had like what??  7 years ???
7 years to whine without a single idea for improvement.
It's not about our healthcare. It's about their tax breaks and getting them before the trump train comes off the tracks.
If it was about our healthcare, then the @GOP would be having a public hearing, in the open... #votenoahca #protectourcare
If it was about our healthcare,they wouldn't be willing to forfeit 20m.lives all for the sake of their pockets.
It's time 4 a universal health care system. We're better than this. HB676. Health care is a human right.  It's time. Let's do this!
@POTUS It's easy give USA citizens the same healthcare coverage for free that Congress gets for free from USA citizens.
Any solution that is not single payer is BS...I know it, You know it..America knows it. Stop taking lobby $$ to not support it!
You know the best way to test somethings strength is to do everything you can to destroy it and test how it held up. Let's do that.
Thank you, Senator Durbin, for being reasonable with healthcare.
Obamacare was nothing more than a massive wealth transfer and attempt to further enslave people to government.
The federal government has no constitutional authority to be meddling the healthcare decisions of the People to begin with!
u shove ACA down r throat u were told everything that has happened would happen u did not care. We will not work with u small intellect
They might work with you; but yet you nor your party has any idea how to fix ACA. If you did you would of passed a bill.
Reps don't want to discuss caring about people because they don't care about people. It's a foreign concept to a disturbed mind.
Dems don't want to discuss caring about children because they don't care about children. It's a foreign concept to an inhumane mind.
Bravo! Well said, Senator. Now go have a little "side-bar" chat with IL Rep Madigan to provide a balanced budget to the Govenor.
Dummy Dick the people voted for you to rid us of the ACA
You don't care about people.  You just care about Obama's legacy.  You guys would accept anything you could still call Obamacare
#MedicareForAll or #KMRIA
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Like Trump said! Its a waste of time. You Dems only want something to B-t-ch about.
Proud to have you as my Senator
feed the mayo to the tuna!
Dickie, the ACA is toast! Work with @gop to save Illinois Blue Cross
Because you guys won't give all our super rich cronies all their tax money back.
Why didn't you try to work with Republicans when you drafted PPACA? You just rammed it through and now you want to have someone else fix it
It was a stupid idea in the first place.
Look up Jonathan gruber, even he thinks it's supporters are stupid.
Make it quick because my state of Illinois is going Bankrupt  and who knows i may be out of Swamp Dwellers WORK
The only thing is that Repubs only pretend 2 b interested n healthcare. Secretly they r going 4  those big tax cuts 4 them & rich buddies.
The Time is NOW to form a Third Party of Moderates. The FAR Right and Left have controlled the National Dialog TOO LONG.  Millennials
Is that talking tough? You're fullfilling the checklist for what makes Liberal politicians so infuriating for liberals.
Kill it horrible..it is killing Illinois business's along with the dem cronies in your state
Please fight for American independence from the financial worry during times of illness. Right to life (health), liberty and pursuit of 
Release your email correspondence with James Hodgkinson
Where were you the last 8 years when Obama bastardize the congress? You're a phony typical liberal.
You don't really believe what you say
You must be mocking us. You are the party of we need to pass it to see what's in the bill 
But how can they when the Koch brothers have paid them so much to destroy it?
Say what the fixes are, not just a generic "we'll fix it." Counter the GOP.
By strengthen , you mean pour billions on it. Just like education, pour billions, end up with dumb kids, rich teachers
LISTEN TO WHAT DURBIN IS SAYING. INCLUDE THE DEMS - OR NOT AT YOUR OWN RISK. You fail us you will fail urselves, I promise you!
Many GOP want a rich man's tax cut and to pass 
ANY bill for Trump. A few will work with Dems for a REAL healthcare bill. Let's help them
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!
Obama care needs to go away. It was a screwed up mess
We don't want socialist healthcare or health insurance. We want freedom Senator.
Like the Dems worked with Americans on the ACA. Everyone forgets what a nightmare that legislation and rollout was like.
Replace and Repair
This is what happened with the ACA...it was one sided...if everyone got together...Americans would win
I'm very proud to call you my Senator @SenatorDurbin!!!!
The Affordable Care Act is gone, it's a failure. The sooner you accept that the sooner you can work together on a better solution.
What the fuck are you talking about? Not even the GOP at large worked on this craptacular bill.
All I am saying is he is wasting his time posturing on this and pretending that ACA will be fixed.
I challenge u to fight for #SinglePayer talk about that....#MedicareForAll
-(2/2)care about Amer.
 and their healthcare!They ALL have their OWN Healthcare and it ain't failing/horrible Obamacare!Durban doesn't care
-(1/2)The Dems have never lifted a finger to help define the best replacement healthcare package possible for the American people.They don't
I do not advise the GOP to be a target for you
The problem is.. McConnell isn't interested in doing what's best for the country. He's interested in doing what's best to make a buck.
I've got the best senators! Go Illinois! Thank you for your hard work in this difficult time
Genuine question from UK, why are tax cuts for wealthy embroiled in with healthcare? Is there any other reason than 'payback' on donations?
They're doing it wrong.  Says a guy from the team that's gotten shellacked for the last six years
Why are you refusing to turn over the Congress shooters emails to your office? What are you hiding?!
Why is this not an option @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @vp
Yes! This proud patriot would like to see our govt work again.
Your leadership is part of the problem.  Just remember, Americans come first.
You tried and failed. Now get out of the way!
Unless by strengthen, you mean single-payer, you won't get our support either. Represent us, dammit!
They are too nasty to do that. They will be forced to do it. People in the halls of Congress are telling them what they feel.
Yes, need bipartisan effort and a GOOD bill
Thank you!
Bravo, reach across that aisle.  
@SenateDems @SenateGOP No no no work with democrats?? Hello they put us in this mess hell no no help from them at all
The GOP needs to stop being so hateful, spiteful and mean..or you Goppers will be out of office in 2018!!!
It's time to work together @SenateGOP @SenateMajorityL as bipartisan w/ @SenateDems to #FixACA or give us #UniversalHealthcare U WK 4 US!!
Keep voting out Democrats
You are welcome to come to the table though, we will not turn our back on you as you did us.  #America > #Politics
Repugs don't care about anyone but their rich friends. They love fetuses but don't care about babies or children. They R control freaks.
where is your plan?
@SenateDems @SenateGOP  Not gonna do it, they hate anything related to Obama..ie..O'bama Care.
No thanks, we will repeal ACA and create something that is better for the U.S. as a whole.

Thank you Senator Durbin.
Your Progressive Marxist Democrat party is the party of:

DECEIT
DESTRUCTION
DOOM
Your Progressive Marxist Democrat party's motto is:
"You can lie, cheat and steal...
The end justifies the means."
-Communist Saul Alinsky
Republican HC Bill is 142 pages NOT 3,300+ pages and is actually READABLE unlike yours that we must pass it to see what really is in it.
No one is in the dark. Problem is that Democrats LIE about facts-Remember their FAILED 2,700pg + 2 more at 600 pages of ACA/ObamaCare BILLS?
Troll
your state is going bankrupt and Chicago crime  rates are not going down,you are a sorry Senator.
@SenateDems there is NO AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. IT AINT FUCKING AFFORDABLE. FUCK DEMS AND OBAMA
Take Kushner's clearance
Thanks @SenatorDurbin ; @SenateMajLdr U work for the People, help the People... Do the right thing!
Thanks @SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth  @SenateDems for all you're doing to stop the BANANA REPUBLICAN ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE.
Their draft shows exactly who they care about. And it's the people who need it the most.
Yes. The GOP needs lessons on legislating since they've done nothing for about a decade. They bring nothing to the table
We need single payer!
Why aren't any of you Dem Senators calling @SenateMajLdr out on his hypocrisy ..
I'm not in the dark. Come out of your office Senator Durbin.
Sure you're in the dark! You're outside looking for the moon of your youth. (BTW, 2017)
Dream on deranged person, you don't know me and I don't care to know you. Grow up.
But you already Passed the "Affordable" Care Act which wasn't so "Affordable" after all 
@SenMajLdr See they want to work with you!!!! 
Come on guys, let's join the rest of the industrialized world and just go to #SinglePayer
