Take a knee.
Your a nazi lover!!
Why don’t you ask yours & Hillary’s buddies in Saudi Arabia to take some refugees. Nothing in the Constitution that says we have to.
and Saudi Arabia is not on Trumps travel ban list. Wonder why?? Oh right he has business ties there.
Hmmmm...try again? Hillary’s campaign and the Clinton Foundation was funded by money from SA.
And yet Trump didn't put that country on his travel ban. Yet that's where the 9//11 terrorist came from.
True. I personally would sever ties with them. Had Trump included them, the cries of “Muslim ban” would’ve been overwhelming.
Thank you, we agree! US should take a lead role in this, esp during times like this! #RefugeesWelcome @ascentria
You need to go! I so hope you don't get re-elected!
Well they can always go to Canada and Germany. Oh wait, both of those liberal countries are cutting back on refugees.
Please help force the president to send help to Puerto Rico.  They are us citizens and are suffering and dying daily
Thank you, Senator!
Maybe because our country is in the worst shape its ever been in yrs. don't over burden the American people who are already struggling
Traitor to the USA citizens.  Durbin = anti-American.
But during the highest incidences of Terrorist attacks by refugees in Europe
The heartlessness of this administration knows no bounds. It's gut-wrenchingly cruel.
We have a family of 4 showing up at your house on Tuesday for you to support. Love Donald.
Open your home first and then come back and talk about what the government should be doing. How many refugees do you take care of now? Zero
There will be a religion test just like the test you asked nominated judges right?
Impeach and Convict. POTUS' comedy show is overdue for cancellation.
Time to identify & purge hired trolls on twitter & FB accts of lawmakers. They mislead & attack constituents & inhibit honest inquiry.
And mislead voters during elections.
Exactly!
If you, Senator Durbin, love these refugees so much, how many are you housing, feeding and clothing at your own expense in your own home?
U.S. just needs to worry about Puerto Rico.Let other countries take refugees.We have enough destruction here that we need to take care of.
Needs to happen to protect our citizens and society. Smart move. Much supported and needed.
Won't be voting for you sorry you don't get it. AMERICAN let's take care of AMERICA first!
Maybe other countries,  like Japan,  Mexico,  should take on some of the refugee burden.
Get over yourself- quotas change.
Aww to bad!!! Obama already ran our deficit through the roof and taxpayers are fed up with this crap that's why the Hildebeast lost...
how do you propose to pay for the housing medical care and long term counseling to prevent issues like in Europe?
Let's take care of America first. What are you doing for Americans
Thank you Mr. Trump for stopping future welfare leaches from interning our great land.
is billions spent on refugees, monies sent middle east etc?If so $s could be spent on Americans health care then think about helping others
Horrible. They have a dream of all white people.
The US has a lot it could learn from Canada about accepting refugees.
(1) Maybe if the Democrats in power the last many years had taken better care of our damn house...
Senator Durban you have been a fortress of steady opposition to a mad Trumpian king - THANK YOU
Divider Dick-U want some cheese with that whine? It's called extreme vetting get used to it for the next 7 years!
Awesome. No refugees in America. We don't want to be like Europe but your looking for another voting pool. #termlimits
It is nice to see a President looking out for its citizens. Unlike the Democratic Senator who would sell us out for a pound of flesh
What crisis? You mean unvetted mostly young men fleeing their country to invade another under the guise of being a fake refugee. You r dumb
Maybe if your buddy Obama wasn't bombing seven countries when he left we wouldn't have to worry about refugees seven wars say it again
This is why we elected him dummy
The best thing USA can do 4 refugees is provide them a safe place [the irony] so they can go HOME instead of across the ! Doing no favors
Thank God,these veterans are homeless with no food. Kids are going without food.We have people in this country that need help
ABSOLUTELY
Where are you @DickDurbin on #MedicareForAll ? Why haven't you responded to your constituents? Shame on you!
Dick, Dick, Dick.......Dick... Dick? DICK!     DICK!   DICK
You can't even take care of people in your own state and it's broke. Lol
Now that our POTUS has that settled, release some of the earmarked refugee money to citizens of the USA, especially the devastated areas.
I printed this out and took it to the latrine. maybe someone will find it useful for some reason...
WHAT IS UNCONSCIONABLE is the democrats attempts to HAVE THE REPUBLIC OVERTHROWN, and this is incompatible with THAT.  Traitors uncovered.
People would be more open to add'l refugees if so many illegal aliens weren't here burdening resources. Hospitality worn out.
Which part of #AmericaFirst didn’t you understand?
Ur party is intellectually lazy and bankrupt. U need import 2-3M illegal votes ea year to compete
We have homeless Citizens and Veterans they should come first. You helped make that refugee crisis don’t criticize Trump.
Seems very appropriate that you chose not to go by the name Richard.
 our POTUS !
Unlimited refugees worked great for Germany, France, England right Dick?
It should be ZERO! Settle them in their own countries safe zones or in countries with COMPATIBLE cultures.
Exactly the right answer. 
@SenatorDurbin Can we get a bill passed to give aid to our Puerto Rican brethren?
Not if it is attached to other things trump wants
My statement: THE USA IS OVER 20 TRILLION IN DEBT
There are already millions more people here than jobs.
Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands are in shambles. The West Coast ravaged by fires.
Homeless and hungry Americans including Veterans and children. Health care market collapsing. Infrastructure crumbling.
In other words, #AmericaFirst
Thank god. $135 Billion a year? You could rebuild a nation.
the U.S. is very generous when it comes to refugees.  It is unconscionable that you care so little about National Security.
The crisis is now you air head
What John said!!
Why don't we ever hear from you unless it's to champion the latest identity group instead of Americans?
Go be Senator in a different country. K? Thanks.
Tough to lower a ceiling on a house -- which you as Obama's lap dog  -- already helped collapse ...
Many Syrians are returning home and the vast majority involved in the current "crisis" aren't actually refugees. It's immigration.
THANKYOU MR. President
What are you an air head he is a senator not the president
I hope he understandspeople of PR and USVI are not immigrants, already US Citizens!
