The thing about statistics is you can manipulate them to prove anything you want. Democrats are continuing to cripple this country #dobetter
i do not believe you slick dicckie!
Technically repeal has begun. Federal funds are being withheld and the mandate is not enforced. Stop the executives undermining markets.
WHHHHAT?????
REPUBLICANS FOR KKK NAZIS BANNON BILLIONAIRES PUTIN
Outrageous is @SenateDems @SenateGOP are #abovethelaw. Remove your exemption & participate in ACA with the people y'all forced this law on
When are our veterans going to be allowed the same CHOICE in the care they EARNED the rest of America enjoys?
That is a complete lie and you know it. The free market would open and healthcare prices would decrease #RepealObamacare
INTERESTING AARP DOCTORS NURSES MEDICAL INSURANCE ALL SAY COSTS WILL SKYROCKET WITH DEATHCARE
Repeal alone is not a good strategy. Have something to replace it with. They needd to work across the isle.

Don't impeach Trump. #HotlipsScaramucci is going to love up on DT better than @seanspicer & that will save us from the Russian invasion. 
I wish they cared they don't.  They only care about repealing something that may not be perfect but it is working
Senator Dick Durbin is the guy who called our troops terrible names.......
Premiums have already increased that much when Democrats passed and ran. First they had to pass the bill to find out what was in it.

#MAGA Food Stamp Use Down Lowest in 7Yrs 
If u keep obummercare u won't be able to get insurance at any price.....
Democrat party has already done damage to Middle-Class families and Minorities for decades with their deceitful policies. FedUp with LIES.
...Millions lost full time jobs/jobs because of ObamaCare. It was designed to FAIL to bring in Govt-Run-Single-Payer-HealthCare-Pure MARXISM
I lost my HealthCare Insurance after having private HC for over 4 decades-many of my children-relatives-friends did to because of ObamaCare
Keep FIGHTING!
Was it not outrageous when all the promises BHO made turned out to be lies and premiums skyrocketed under ACA? Can't have both ways Dick.
We will drop our ins. and quit going to dr. altogether. What the GOP want - get rid of the surplus populations.
Ofailurecare was conceived to fail, and you're deceitful to assume otherwise
Well insurance cos will be happy   that's what's important
Repair problems with the existing program and forget about who's name is on the bill.
IF they are even able to qualify with pre-existing conditions.
No difference than now. Pay attention
And good hardworking people will be left with NO options.
So 100% increase in 9 years vs the 100% increase in 2 years under Obamacare? Sounds like a much better deal.
I cannot believe such a thing would even be truly considered.  Are we being punked??
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Single Payer Medicare for All
Why is the Republican Senate out to get its own voters?
Hard working middle class Americans have jobs through which they have health insurance. Those premiums won't skyrocket. Nice try.
Not necessarily. I know many hardworking skilled educated people who work full time and still aren't offered ins. We rely on ACA.
#RepealandDie
Dear Dick you Dems gave us Obamacare. You own it. You can't blame insurance conditions on anyone else. Obamacare has failed!
Premiums skyrocket no matter what, dummy.
Look dummy I hate to break it to you but premiums have skyrocketed for all of us. 
Now why don't you go play a round of the Obama home game!
Well, we trust you after you said, you can keep your doctor, and your plan.  You also said cost wouldn't go up.  But they did and you lie.
so responsible of the @DNC party to project blame on the @GOP for failed ACA and sky high premiums and shit for coverage.
GOP is rongly doing to you what you did to the country. 2 of 2
Don't forget that you and your Dem colleagues forced ObamaCare down everyone's throats without working across the isle.1of 2
False.
Under ACA premiums are up 300%
What about those who actively choose not to buy insurance?They are part of the problem.
They already did under Obama care!

The @tedcruz amendment will lower cost & increase enrollment! FACT!

 #FullRepealNow #FullRepeal
That's funny I'm barely paying the premiums now under #Obamacare
They are horrible now. 1800 mo, 6000 deduct. Go group all, work together to improve for all, stop gouging working people.
before 1973 it was illegal in the US to profit off of health care. The HMO Act of 1973 by Nixon changed everything.

http://investmentwatchblog.com/did-you-know-that-before-1973-it-was-illegal-in-the-us-to-profit-off-of-health-care-the-health-maintenance-organization-act-of-1973-passed-by-nixon-changed-everything/ …
