Because of Russian arrogance and @POTUS's inability to level with the American people, we now face the danger of a constitutional crisis.
The House needs to pass the Senate’s Russia sanctions bill & the White House needs to work w us to protect states' election infrastructure.
.@POTUS: quit stonewalling, let Congress & Bob Mueller get to the bottom of this, and stand up against Russia’s attack on our democracy.
Can Wray be stopped? He has ties to Manafort - Firtash- Milogevich...  i mean might as well have RU-USA cyber at this point 
His confirmation will further solidify Putin's grasp, so yes, expect him to be confirmed.
No more Trump nominiees should be confirmed until Mueller completes his investigation. No Trump nominee can be trusted at this point.
Absolutely!
Hopefully, you will get straight answers.
Keep the pressure on, Senator Durbin! We are behind you and demand Trump's regime be accountable for their actions.
But you didn't demand all of obama treasonous acts last 8 years. #Benghazi # uranium sale #fastandfurious. #hypocrite
Dude, it was eight years of hearings and questions regarding everything the guy did, years of questioning his birthplace...
Of course it was. Lol. Don't remember anyone calling for impeachment. Lol why is that?
Because there wasn't a case for it.
Amen. I was disappointed in many aspects of Obama presidency but jeez it seems like Nirvanah now
Nobody called for Obama to be impeached because he didn't do anything wrong. You might not have liked him but he wasn't a criminal.
It is for certain that he did and I am sure that Trump, Sr.  knew about it, although they are all erasing evidence right now. Vipers' nest!
Impeach! How many Treasons do you need?
It also appears Durbin HRC colluded with Ukraine, Rice unmasked, Comey leaked, dnc hid computers and you are ok with that
Not appears. He did!
it's beyond obvious
So much to do and all you aholes can do is talk about fake news Russia!?! WTF
US citzen pays. UR huge salary. We R sick & tired elected officials instead placing our interst 1st, U play politecs on our dim. Work 4 US.

Since Mueller now has clear probable cause - hell, admissions really - he should subpoena Trump Sr's records from 2016.
Oh, sure, what are the chances of THAT happening?
Slim to none word is Wray will sandbag Mueller and the investigation to a halt
Fortunately Wray can't fire Mueller.
No but could he throw a wrench in it?
Dunno.
"May have violated federal law"? Sen Durbin?
You know that isn't true. Liar.
Appears?
Total BS. You're in a shrinking minority because you prefer campaigning to solving problems. Slow learner.

Putin ally tells Americans: vote Trump or face nuclear war http://reut.rs/2dWMBWs 
ignorance to the law doesn't excuse... call 911
Trump is a Russian stooge and must be removed before further damage to our country occurs.
It appears that you are just now discovering what everyone else knew months ago. That's great, of course, but not very encouraging.

Trumps/KushnerFlynn ManafortBannonPenceMiller Lewandowski++HookedUp CambridgeAnalytica with putin PRE-May 2016! Bet? http://www.newsweek.com/did-russians-target-dem-voters-kushners-help-613612 …
Jeez Senator, 'may have violated fed law'? If colluding with Russia ain't a crime now, why don't you drop a bill? It sure oughta be.
May have?
Get him and Kushner and Manafort UNDER OATH and ask the whether Trump Sr knew about this. DONT DELAY
Why do you keep lying. Even the democrat Alan Dershowitz said no law was broken. Hey Mr. Durbin, I hope U have never talked to a Russian.
Violated? Fucking A...HE BROKE IT!
Ruh Roh.
You and you're whole hypocritical party can keep talking Russia! Hint: No one is listening! U mention Russia more than USA! YOU GOT NOTHING!
It did stop playing with the TRUTH, #Kushner security clearance and access to the #WH unheard of this spectacle 25th Amendment ready!
That's some pretty serious allegations there, Dick.
Several great Law and Constitutional Professors have stated no he has not, so you are just a damned lying progressive marxist democrat.
Ya think???
Why don't you explain why Dems paid Fusion GPS for Russian made fabricated dossier on Trump prior to election to sway votes? #fraud
Nope no collusion. Plus the russian attorney was a democrat plant. Hillary colluded selling uranium to the russians while SOS.
Hold him, ALL of them, accountable!
Can Kushner PLEASE be charged with a felony for his lies in his security clearance form??
let me read the replies, i am sure there is a .."but but hillary", in there somewhere
Maybe you should focus more on fixing your failing state & less on Donald, Jr.
But he is still walking around spreading his crap! Arrest him! Lock him up!
If not, the law is an ass.
Lock Him up!
Tricky Dicky, you going to resign when it comes out Russian Atty was a democrat plant? Obama's Russia Ambassador tied to her. U R a Hack.
It seems increasingly safe to take the "Jr" out of that sentence, Senator. And let's not forget #Kushner.

#Russiagate #Collusion #TrumpJr
May have? Joe Sixpack would be under a jail by now. Time arrest these Traitors
Ur more fake than CNN. Hope we can get u out. U, Maxine Waters, Lieawatha Warren, Pelosi, Blumenthal, are prime examples for term limits.
Bit of an understatement there, Senator. Woooweee!
"It appears." "May have." Grow a backbone, democrats.
Thank you, Senator Durbin. Fight the good fight because this is make or break.
1/3 of the population are ignorant of Constitution & the rule of law.
And thru their use of gerrymandering, they control the WH. ... & Congress... & Supreme Ct.
So yes, we desperately need you to fight on our behalf to save the Constitution and rule of law.
.Maybe you should ask the GOP why so many think working with the Russian government to win an election is acceptable?
We need legal action. ENOUGH TALK! ENOUGH LIES! If this isn't actionable what is? #AMERICA'SALREADYGREAT! #AAG!
Keep fighting for the truth
Nice of you to finally find your spine. Now if you can get the rest of the party to play.
thanks to the #FBI #leaking information. Your party has always been in bed with the #commies and #socialist
Couldn't say it more plainly.
I have question for you how did you get to stay in office so long
President Obama knew all this mess with Russia.  He just placed some sanctions and kept quiet.  Why???????  What Democrats were doing then??
So, can we appoint Hillary & Tim and set this world straight again....please.
It appears the Clinton family had a Ukraine issue does it matter much to you?
Ar you saying he is a democrat and a closet clinton
Lie cheat and sell America to Russia
Do something about it.
That is a huge stretch
Want some fries with that nothing burger?
Appears?  WTF.  Call it like it is.
Had 2 cheat 2 beat a girl
Russian officials overheard discussing meeting with Trump associates before campaign began https://www.wsj.com/articles/russian-officials-overheard-discussing-trump-associates-before-campaign-began-1499890354 … #Resign
Thank you! Finally someone with country over party, level head, logical direction. Following you!
LOL, quit wasting time and try and do something for the people instead of being us vs them...people are sick of it
Not my Senator, but you are working for us all. Thank you 
GO
Yes, we KNOW that.
Because for all the congressman that say this is really bad, no one is actually doing anything about it. I just see hands in the air. 
I hope you're ready to support impeachment, then. 45 is there illegally by colluding with a foreign power.
"Appears?" Come on Dick!! You know the deal! Jr DID violate the law! Let's get real here.

AND he along with others in the WH continuously LIED to the American people.  #ticktock
Really? Must be nyt and CNN have the real story? That's not what I've seen? More fake news.
If Trump then destroys anything while Jr is the perp, it's accessory after the fact and obstruction of justice.
Oh yummy! I bet Trump has already destroyed everything, but then again, the Trumps are pretty stupid!
Give it a rest Senator! This is all BS You have more important things to do. Let it go just like u did the last 8 yrs no wonder IL is a joke
for all those here complaining that MORE needs to be done, CALL YOUR SENATORS. Demand Justice. The calls & pressure work (202) 224-3121
It would appear. The question is, what the hell are you going to do about it?
And yet Congress is possibly going to allow Trumps pick to head up the FBI doing the investigating. What could possibly go wrong?
When will "our representatives " aput an end to this mess instead of talking "tough" and then going back to Party Before Country Politics?
Keep fighting this illegitimate administration. We need you.
Yes sir, we've been shouting that from the roof for a year. Why isn't GOP listening?They fully support treason, espionage & obstruction?

Yes, sir, it "appears" he "may" have broken the law.  The timeline of events that ensue make it "appear" that his father was well aware too.
Thank you Sir for attempting to preserve integrity of our nation. Our family has continually voted for you as our voice of #Reason in Senate
Appears?  How about IT DOES
Since they are adamant that collusion is not a problem, maybe we should say conspiracy.
May Have? Cut the soft talk. These are serious crimes. Money Laundering, Conspiracy, Perjury, RICO, Espionage, Treason.

No way. Really?

#YaThink
Ya think??? 
@FortuneMagazine I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that what we have been saying all along is confirmed. It "appears".
Why hasn't the FBI taken him, Jared and Manafort in for questioning? When are Americans going to see laws enforced instead of mocked?
If by it "appears," you mean "writ large," yes it appears so.
Ya... Been saying that for months... Russians expelled... And what not
I concur
Cut the nonsense, senator. Is it now illegal to see dirt on HRC? And how specifically was the outcome of the election affected?
THANK you!  You have my vote today and always @SenatorDurbin!
All of his "fake news" has to be proven and consequences need to happen. He is paralyzingly this country! It seems like it should be easy!
Who gives a flying fuck
So when is this Presidency going down
It took you until today to figure this out?
obviously not. he/we now have more clear cut proof of @realdonaldtrump, et al's   continued #Treason/ous acts.
Appears?
We must defend our rights feedoms and liberties from all enemies foriegn or domestic-TRUMP FAMILY IS NOE INCLUDED IN DOMESTIC
You are wrong. Regurgitating party line shows a lack of intelligence. You are smarter than that. America first should be your priority too.
When you are going to start earning your paycheck and be productive. Stop with BS and start working for people of Illinois. Stop chasing BS
Instead of being coy, like there's nothing 2 investigate, why don't you guys just be honest and say you don't care if trump is compromised?
May have? He pretty much admitted it!
Finally a wise man putting the pieces together.  At what cost to our democracy
May have have you not seen the emails?
How many of these stories have to be proven false before you people quit? Man, this gimmick is getting old.
Why does everyone pussyfoot around with the tRumps.Every rock turned over w this administration has a Russian under it protected by a Repub
THANK YOU! Same word I was about to use. Why are you pussyfooting around with "may" have been illegal? It WAS illegal! There's no "may"!
"appears"?  well if it walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck then..... it "appears" to be a DUCK!
But what about Jared
If you could spend 1% less time focusing on Trump and spend it on an actual problem, that would be appreciated.
I'd say collusion with Russia qualifies as an actual problem.
My understanding of collusion would require two parties to be actively working together.
Forget about him - focus on Jared. He was there and he needs to get out of the WH. Jr may be an idiot but Kushner and Manafort knew...
It also appears the DNC colluded with Hillary Clinton to affect the outcome of our election.
Oh dear you didn't get the message! Hillary isn't President.
Trump IS "president" but keep hiding your head. Doesn't matter what he's done. Sheesh.
Lock her and Trump up and make Bernie Sanders President. #ProblemSolved
Works for me.
Stop lying, not collusion...unless you want to talk about killary and her collusion...
Senator Durbin! Please stop being nice. Donald Trump Jr. COLLUDED with RUSSIA - What more do we need to say it definitively?
Why does Jared Kushner still  hold a Top Secret Clearance? Why is he still in the White House? Why is he still a free man?
Understood re the charges, but the clearance should be rescinded immediately...
Here's Dick's Marxist play book:
#FAKETWEET!!!!
May have?
#Resist  #TheResistance #Treason
Liar!!!!!!!
Bot.
