New sanctions on Russia and Iran hit House roadblock http://wapo.st/2sST8eg 
Because Ryan and McConnell have both taken Russian money for their PACs?

@MickowskiBob @washingtonpost Because obviously Putin has something terrible or at least very embarrassing on T'Rump.
@washingtonpost stop reading fake news, Washington Post has zero integrity much like the actions of the democrats lately

Another Russia "?" Why didn't the DNC turn over their hacked server to investigators? Stop with Russia, Russia crap, and be constructive.
Honorable Senator Durbin, the real question is why do you keep believing in Republican Senators' stunts of patriotism in case of Russia?
Because that means they are protecting President Trump. They need him to pass their bills.
He won the 2016 election for them
Democrats lost because of 8 years of failed Obama policies. And you lost every special election since then. People are buying your bullshit
Why do you and your Democrat friends want to start a war with Russia? Are you getting that much political capital from all this.
he's not going to protect us!!
Putin's autocratic, anti-democracy administration is identical to what Trump and other influential Republicans believe in. #Democrats
follow the money.
Money.
Or blackmail.
Or both.
Because Putin bribed and/or is blackmailing them?
Perhaps they ALL owe him money? Why buy just one politician when you can catch'em all? #PokemonGOP
Islamic Jihadism is the real threat to the West, not Russia whom we need to partner with for global stability, not provoke a nuclear war.
Since when did the democrats hate russia??
They all have their hand in Putin pockets
Senator, you must hear more in DC to have an answer to that. You may be trying to incite by asking, but riots r set to happen already.Honest
Follow the money. Where are those tax returns?
Because they don't want to disclose exactly how many dealings Hillary had with them.

Maybe because Trump is selling the US to him? Our gov is half-staffed at best. Who'll prevent it? Not the GOP & T supporters who like Putin.
You mean like dems protected killary?
Where is the real proof?
Why don't you tell the people he doesn't own the hotel in DC. And tell Duckworth to save her money; she's a one term Senator.
Republicans fall in line.
Yes Senator, why is that
Hey @RepLaHood are you joining this bipartisanship bill, or blocking it?
He won 2016 for them and some house races too
Good loyal employees. Do that
I think we all know why, Senator Durbin.
@washingtonpost @RepRohrabacher - because Dana Russianbacker is still in office...

Simple dumb dumb. @TheDemocrats are. Democrats want Sharia law as well
Because he has blackmail information on them
Pee pee tapes?
If it acts like it's blackmailed...
Please, please get back to us with an answer on this
LOLOLOLOL
@AndrewSB49 Fascism
#FollowTheMoney
Well they are the Red Party! They're traitors!!
I think because he owns them.
Good question, alot of people are destroying their credibility, integrity to appease trump and Putin and his thugs
Why are you protecting radical Islamists?
Guess Trump's not the only one hoping Putin will be his "new best friend"
Because they don't want to die of "self-inflicted injuries."
Why did Hillary Clinton sell Russia 20% of our uranium as Secrerary of State ? And she receive donations from Russia to Clinton Foundation.
When we look to Durbin for guidance....we lost. Has done more wrongs than rights.
The question on most American minds.
Guess that answers that. At what point is this going to be enough? When will we see impeachment and removal of complicit representatives?
The same reason ACHA passed.  Greed.
$$$$
Because they and their cronies won their seats due to Russian money & interference - and they don't want to bite the hand that feeds them?
Why are liberals trying to start a war with them?
Follow all of their money!! One thing trump does best..expose expose expose..he's dome that to himself and rs
@AltUSPressSec @washingtonpost Russia bought them.
Because they are in his pocket or think they need the support of those who are.
Sir with all do respect, F&$k Russia, a bill that will affect millions of lives and 1/8 of our GDP is being written in a back room, Fight!
umm cause they accepted his money?
Gee, I wonder why.
Hmmmm, I wonder 
Trump - for the money. Ryan - for the money.
Why don't you reply to your constituents emails?
