Trumps plan HELP refugees in their own home, with their own cultures and families. How is that wrong. Do you want to leave your country
considering their country is a bunch of rubble being fought over between oppressors, yeah they do wanna leave.
you only see what the worse, that's how media does.
250,000+ dead, rotting infrastructure in most of the nation, it's not media propaganda. It's what war is
trust me, I've seen it first hand.  They have money and there is other countries that can help.
govt has money, yes. But the govt controlled territories are few. Damascus is relatively ok.
its not just muslims They had a Christian from there at my church his 17 year old friend was just killed because he posted he was Christian
saddest part of it all was that Syria was a melting pot and people of many backgrounds lived together
Malala first criticize muslim terrorist who not only dangerous for civil society but also for girls like you.
she did, if you recall they shot her in the head.
so, you know, maybe stop lecturing her
hey if I liked your views then don't be over smart I know what I am doing. Trump is doing right for the safety of his country.
he's a white supremacist fascist, mate.
trump is doing nothing for our safety - financially (trade wars) or relating to terrorism. Purely dangerous actions.
sicken by the trump trolls - America first? What does that mean? "Christian" draconian social agenda?
They cant live with neighbours and talk of dreams
@cindysaine If only Mr Trump knew how many Native Americans his ancestors, the Caucasians, had to kill he would have......
@SenatorDurbin Thank the so called moderate Muslims who refuse to deal with the radical islamists in their midsts.
# Yes,I am disappointed you are Here!!
Do you know why the Muslim woman is fully covered? The Muslims stone women if not. Jesus stopped stoning of women. Christian
@SenatorDurbin too bad. 9-11 still hurts
There's a proper way to come here and assimilate once here.
refugees go through a 24 month vetting process already, how much more does one require?
Enough that we do not end up with more dead Americans.
@SenatorDurbin Trump is scum. Not our president
HEY PEOPLE WE CANT SAVE THE WHOLE WORLD, VETS COME FIRST TAKE CARE OF THEM 1ST
when terrorist stop using children as shields then maybe we will act differently.
Malala,You are safe Now. Thank God. We all need to feel/be safe. It takes time. Children will be safe soon. Trust 
@realDonaldTrump @cnn@SenatorDurbin Trump take a lesson from Malala! Y
Not woman, not children.  Men of fighting age. They need to stay and protect their country. Not come here and threaten ours?
So who's allowed in? Only those who look like Melania?
Europeans (preferably northern) and Eurasian (Ukraine, Russia, Georgia, etc).
OH PLEZZZZZZZZZ-KNOCK IT OFF-you are now looking,sounding pathetic w/rhetoric using
move on 
Trump is CORRECT
@SenatorDurbin we don't want the same people who tried to kill her, here.
@SenatorDurbin oh shit that is not true he is trying to protect America. I hope he keeps it up.
maybe Barron's privilege should should be fairly game after all?
We need to stand up for human rights, refugees and immigrants.  Please do something to help.
Mr.Trump should meet Malala to understand the psychology of girls in terror hit areas as he is not a robot.
You have a country, take control of it and make it a safe place to live. We can't support the whole word.
And so are we.....
Any reasonable person is heartbroken and ashamed to be American.
Children & parents, its a pkge. This is beyond sad,latent decision/actions worsened than none taken.
continue 'victimizing' law transgressions with children.
LOTS OF VIOLENCE EVERYWHERE IN THE WORLD. DUE TO US INTERVENTIONS EVERYWHERE. LETS STOP US LED WARS.
This is so infuriating. How can this happen?
then these people need to stop subjugating women, murdering homosexuals as well as murdering children...
isn't she like 19?

I agree with Malala.
the problem is the ones coming in that are terrorists #remembergermany
Keep out of Politics Malala---not your specialty
Thank you for REAL NEWS
how about they have a revolution in their own country
When we had 2 Superpowers, we had Cold War. 
Now with 2 Superbullies, are we at risk of Hot War? #Trump #Putin
let Mexico take em in
just for a short while to effect vetting. Terrorist shouldn't be allowed to destroy civilise communities @realDonaldTrump
who cares the feeling of a stooge
Waaaaaahhhhh!
@amybwang Another reading homework assignment for you President whiny pants. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
.@washingtonpost we must #resist @potus @realDonaldTrump and the #AmericanTaliban that is the @GOP. #WeThePeople are better than this.
how about these people standing up for themselves and fight for their freedom of oppression within their own country
Many in the US feel the same pain. Our country is a land of immigrants. Many forgot what the Statue of Liberty stands for.
@palafo ITS ONLY TEMPERARY INTILL WE CAN VET PEOPLE. YOU WOULDNT LIKE PEOPLE STAYING AT YOUR HOUSE WHO U DONT KNOW.
That Trump sees a young woman like Malala as a terrorist threat is telling. Trump is a racist Islamophobe.
The US cant solve world problems  If America keeps accepting all immigr America will become like a country they running from
The day Trump taken oath as Presiden USA was a dooms day.
trump and supporters dont even know who she is. Sad.
@LRC_NDTV Malala,b4 that tell ur people back home in Pak 2behave& not send terrorists 2my country & 2 world
haha so transparent - let's trot Malala and ignore what matters to voters. Oh the children!! How could you!
#AmericaFirst lady! #AMERICAFIRST! #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Trump doesn't care about children and Baron
Trump does not care
#ImpeachTrump
@SenateDems @keithellison  What can state law do to reverse or counter the action of @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP ?
@MiaFarrow So sorry. This is just horrible.
will @Malala_sMs also feel bad when terrorist penetrate the USA and reek havoc!!?
why not ban people from Saudi Arabia, u know the people who actually did 9/11?!?!
/ trump is just stopping a well planned invasion by the fanatical Muslim hordes
They come here young and turn on us when older...Happens too many times .Protect Americans!
so what
Why aren't the children being sent to rich Arab countries near by? We are not the keepers of the world!
Only reason these counties are chosen is their high population of children refugees.  #Trumpswaronchildren
We can help them over there #never forget911
Sweetie, not everyone has a good will like you!
cause children are the only victims here 
Suck it up, buttercup.
Malala is heart-broken; Trump has a hole where his heart should be.




President Trump didn't start the war your country did so don't blame him
To be expected from hard hearted Trump
Mr. Trump's paranoia rules him and he has been granted the power to let it rule our country. ....bunch of scaredy-cats!
Who are you??  Do you pay taxes?
It's time to take a minute and understand what the hell is going on. Shut the hell up and give it time to work forr all!!!

sometimes doors need to be closed before they can be reopened.
He won't listen to a woman, even a Nobel Prize Winner.
if you don't like it here in the United States leave.
why are their parents fighting and blaming it on China,Usa and Russia?
I respect you but we need our country safe!
@POTUS is not closing doors; he is protecting his citizens. #ExtremeVetting
A teen with more compassion than that orange POS.  Sad!
we live in a time of terrorism..how anyone could want undocumented refugees entering our country is INSANE!!!
Malala - go tell Pakistan to stop persecution of Christians & their children. Go tell Taliban & ISIS to stop raping children
there comes a point, when we HAVE to keep our children safe, my heart breaks for the innocents of the world, but their here2
@donum_exitiale they can just go to Canada or Germany, right? Oh wait - other countries besides the US have controls too??
I am heartbroken that my fellow Americans VOTED for THIS!
#LiftTheBan
i am heartbroken on how you still call WP a news outlet they spread violence in there fake news and false narratives
It's better to have kids shooting other kids at school you hypocrites!!  Proud our country still helps real refugees 
when @MalalaFund is heartbroken you better be #woke 
Only progressives like you use children for your political purposes
if their own country & govt fail to protect, then why to hold state responsible or heart broken?

lude acts against women not murder of children. Billionaires FIRST
being in the USA is not a right unless a person was born here
@caioblinder ha mais de 180 paises na onu...pq so os estados unidos?? Inglaterra o protecionismo eh pior...chega de mimimi
What about the countries trump has holdings in like Egypt and Saudi Arabia 
Trumps a scamming hypocrite
Too bad, our borders come first 
Saudi Arabia should take them
This election has awakened a sleeping giant! The Americans that got tired of putting up with this treatment woke up and spoke! No more!!
what a rag of a news paper.
Go ahead and close the door! Be heartbroken for Americans who don't have the right to be Americans anymore!
so it's not American to help others.  Fu*k some Americans are ignorant
Not at the expense of taking in terrorist!! Got hold of your self!
Your grandsons will be ashamed of you for their entire lives.
Your opinion doesn't even matter!
It's not my opinion you should worry about. You'll see the shame in their eyes.
 You are a joke! Bye now!
`Quick better get malala out the box
you malala know the brutality of radical Islamic terror. I know you wouldn't wish further destruction in us, we can't risk
When the children grow up the be Omar Mateen or the Tsarnaev brothers, we just can't risk it...
We are also heartbroken. A black curtain has enveloped our country. May God save us from this fascist.
What else you expect Malala to say!?
it's not America's job to save the world ... properly vetted, in our country by Legal routes, all are welcome
tell Saudia Arabia to take them
PROPAGANDA NEWS OUT LET
and smart and its an balance whose outcome will never be a great one. Tragic beyond words
oh so sorry malala. It's tragic when children are caught in conflicts. But with those innocents may be evil. We must be safe
especially since we don't know which ones aren't terrorist!
Seek help from your OWN men, and people.  Your culture is a POISON and we don't need it here.
If Malala is face of Anti-Trump, there is no hope for Anti-Trump movement.
how many homeless people do we have? Let's take care of them before bringing over refugees.
malala drama is over
#propaganda #FakeNews
medieval religion leads to medieval problems
Don't panic sweetie,It's only the beginning & then all western governments will follow thier master Trump & u ll be expired
they all stay at Obama's house. He and hitlery created this mess
/2 We're not the world's caretakers
Not your "brother's keeper", eh?
I'm very upset about tha, but we need to take care of OUR people first before we try help other countries. /1
She should talk about Arab and Pakistan
She dosen't speak for me or other US Citizens.
Why don't they go to gulf countries?
A real life Heroine vs a Reality star who plays President on TV
#Libtard
Arab countries close the for children fleeing violence too.

why is Saudi, Dubai, Qatar, Bahrain, Abu Dhabi not taking refugees? TrojanHorse.  Look at Germany/France
Fact:Trump personally caught 2 islamist terrorist trying to enter USA as refugees thru JFK today. #TrumpIsBest
Why America, chose other nations.. Neighboring Arab nations..
it has nothing to do with keeping us safe. 15 of the 19 9/11 attackers were from Saudi A, not included in ban.
"Coincidently" he has business on the Countries not included in the ban.
oh now qualification and experience matter?
As long as America Russia does not create wars to sell military weapons there will be no problems worldwide
#1brother o.jackson in this great U.S is aware of this woman in question, the best thing for her is 2draft up a letter, asap
I am heartbroken that I have to stand in line at airport security but understand why.
She is a good actor.. Just listen & forget her words..
Malala rocks the shiz-house. #ImWithHer

@amybwang you mean the violence caused by Obama where was her outrage then?
Its really odd to me that no Muslim countries are extending a olive branch to help like minded people.Caliphate maybe?
Islam is fundamentally incompatible with western civilization! Always has been, always will be.
@MalalaFund Why not go Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and few more rich countries Ms Malala???
Apologies for this shameful betrayal of all America was meant to be won't be enough. We are indelibly, shamefully stained.
her anger should be directed at Gulf Arab States who have not accepted one single refugee! Not a single one!
America first for a change
understandably. Does no one care about these people. Oh that's right there Americans they don't matter.@RevJJackson
- US returning focus to US, is a GREAT THING!!
we are heartbroken too
Is Trump worst than Hilter???
Trump close the door for innocent children...Is it American values?
I am too. So sad
Wheres the love from other Muslim countries?How many refugees has Saudi Arabia taken in?Why is it only U.S. responsibility
it's Adults that decide on children's welfare#childrenareinnocent sometimes adults majestic wrong judgements 
fake media !
I love Malala, too bad he doesn't care. The lives of foreign women and children mean nothing to man without conscious.
Is it too much to ask for a least a little help from Muslim majority countries near by? Why is is almost all the west?
well done for ever...no illegalsand this mean different reason as pres libdem march vaginas
Yo trump what about Egypt and Saudi Arabia
Tell that to all Muslim countries.
This is going to go down in history along with internment camps and slavery as the worst of America.
She's right. Absolutely 100% right. Period.
we need to worry about the children in America first. You need to worry about your own.
