The roster of villains in President Trump’s world is vast. One person not on his target list? Vladimir Putin. http://nyti.ms/2uy116H 
Just bluster on and on.  Why don't you work on healthcare?
Because Putin got him elected.
Still "Blaming" Russia, Eh? The straight up fact is OBAMA and Clinton's threat of "More of the Same" is WHY Trump is President. Get over it!
Oh now it's climate change! What happened to global warming?
I must have struck a nerve with a fascist, or is it socialist? Or is it communist?
I think the democrats attacked our election with facked registrations where is that investigation?
#PutinBot
What a joke, Durbin cites the NYTimes a real rag of a paper.. Employees all left leaning 'reporters', hahaha..
O MG
Mr DICK let's consider something for one moment is it Put in who is threatening nuke attack. Think some stuff more important than RUSSIA
Putin for Trump so he could beef up our military ?  Makes us energy efficient to go ahead of Russia ??? Liberal logic !
He didn't attack our election. You guys lost. Sore losers. Get over it. The only threat to US is Dems.
Dick your getting more ridiculous every day .
Hmm I recall Obama ignoring them completely
Seems like the DNC hacking is turning out to be an inside job
The only thing Trump is not ignoring is vacationing, lining his pockets, his families and seeing that his rich crony friends get richer.
How about the threat of nuclear annihilation of us and our allies. realDonaldTrump is focusing on the real threats, not your scare tactics.
#DemocratTerrorists Tim Kaine’s Son Faces Criminal Charges: Joined Masked Violent Anti-Trump Riot http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/05/27/tim-kaines-son-faces-criminal-charges-after-joining-masked-violent-anti-trump-riot/ … #MAGA
But it was ok for you when Obama ignored Putin and North Korea for 8 years. You should shut up if you have nothing smart to say.
#PutinBot
Typical fascist news. Let's delegitimize conservatives by making them bad. That way we can try to shut them up. Because they are "evil" BS!
Really!? Climate change is cyclical, it happens. The Clinton's, Obama's, RINOs, Dems, Deep State and you are more of a threat!
Priorities Durkhead !!! Priorities !!!!
Yup just like that, because just like climate change Russia is a hoax too.
That's a mouthful! I think the DNC did more damage!
#PutinBot
Putin isn't a threat to Trump so he doesn't give 2 shits!
#PutinBot


Can't piss off the person who holds your purse strings. #USSRUSA
Climate change?! Get real! Climate change is a cyclical thing, it happens. The Clintons, Dems, RINOs, Obama's, are more of a threat
25th amendment.What's going on? Can't anyone stop that psychotic maniac before he kills us all?
Trump has
Z E R O experience 
Z  E R O sense
North Korea is obama legacy.
BULL SHIT, BULL SHIT, BULL SHIT, IT NEVER HAPPENED.
Of course not. He and Putin are best friends.
There's no evidence of that.
@Hatewatch Senator 
Nazis are marching with torches on UVA as I tweet.
Do you remember when Obama interfered in Israel elections? How about when NASA said global warming has paused?
#PutinBot
Dick please provide the 100% proof of climate change and Putin himself attacking our election! If not then you're just lying.
Russians beat Hillary. Russians beat Hillary. Russians beat Hillary. Russians beat Hillary. Her being horrible didn't matter, right?
Make up your mind.  Did he attack our elections, or collude w/Trump?  Get your LW talking points straight, dopey.
Next thing will be that he ignored all the poor people in the death camps of North Korea right?
Proof! Stop treating people like they are dumb! Show proof!we in Illinois know your bullsheet story and i was a dem but a real1 warmonger
But ALT left dems like you love fracking tho
He doesn't ignore it. He's a part of it. Ask yourself what does Putin have on him that he goes all out against every American value
Your own party is a bigger threat to the elections. And got caught red handed. Sore losers. And you will be one next election
Hey just because you D.C. Democrats made up the whole Russia story doesn't mean the president has to play into your game....
What do u expect from a traitor.
Did nuclear weapons effect the climate? How about #Fracking? Climate change is a agenda. Majority of you #GOP cats need to go.
If you are so smart, attack Putin when he run for re-election. Even Steven.
And where will Putin be when China attacks us? Waiting for them to finish the job and save him the trouble?
@realDonaldTrump isn't ignoring Climate Change 
The USA has the @EPA and states like Illinois can pass all the Environmental Laws the wish
Dick. I have asked you before give me one scientific fact for global warming. And one prediction that has come true
But he's pushing for war with Iran, North Korea, and now Venezuela?
You democrats don't mind giving tyrants nuclear power
North Korea attained it nuclear status under Bush Jr.  Iran, on the verge of becoming a nuclear power, was stopped by Obama.
Learn your history they got it from Bill Clinton
Most of the people on here are morons. Trumps the man, and we will destroy North Korea!! Trump keep up the good work @realDonaldTrump
Six followers, I'm sure it's not a bot
Because he busy trying to make nuclear war a bigger threat than Russia. Change the codes. For the love of God, change the codes.
Stay on It Senator ROS
Explain the Putin threat? Is speaking Russian in our future? Are hoards of Russian going to rush over our borders?
25th amendment time Senator Durbin
Most serious threat_DEM's putting illegal aliens rights above US citizens. Sanctuary Cities and much more. Cost Dems in 2018_2020 @FoxNews
"When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time." - Maya Angelou
Please! Keep working on it for our democracy! @SenSilverstein @janschakowsky @SenDuckworth @POTUS must be replaced @BruceRauner @POTUS44 TY!
I want you guys to stand up to this maniac @realDonaldTrump . I'm begging the press, too. Demand to know why he's in bed with @PutinRF_Eng
Marsha..lay off the kool aid , it's to much for you .
So, what are you guys planning to do?
What did you do about it in 2016?
He sure the hell didn't support it
Here u go again. Phony as a three dollar bill. U, Lieawatha Warren, Crying Charlie are peas in a pod. Get to work and get something done!!!
A full investigation of the POTUS in office when this attack occurred is in order.
just like you continue to ignore this..http://www.usdebtclock.org/  this is the worse attack on US then anything else n both sides did this
No data to back up your claim.  Just speculation and mainstream media headlines.  Cmon Dick, you're better than this.
Any proof yet? Why don't you focus on us trying to get more US soldiers killed in North Korea in another pointless war?
No kidding. So is congress on it or part of it? Inform us please.
Paper ballots
Trump is one of those people who think if you ignore a situation, it will just go away!
Now there's some liberal logic !!!
