How about the clean repeal that has previously been passed?
Do you not know for real or are you incapable of reading any of the thousands of articles about that bill and why it passed?
A so-called "clean repeal" would be an unmitigated disaster because it would remove young/healthy people out of risk pool
Campaign promises were made. We're tired of paying for others and not having true choice when shopping. No repeal = recalls soon.
Amend the hell out of it!
Ask @NancyPelosi 
She had NO PROBLEM voting blindly on Obamacare. "We have to pass it to find out what is in it"
With the lifes of millions of Americans The government is such a disgrace. The enemy is in their own house the administration the president.
This is not civilized government. What have we descended to? Where did our hero statesman go?

We Want a Picture of the Senators who voted for the Motion and List of their Names Ty
Public information at http://clerk.house.gov 

Insurance companies win again Thanks for the income redistribution $1400.00 a month $10000.00 deductible I'm out can't afford any longer
Hopefully something better than the UNAFFORDABLE ACA.
Please Senator tell your Dem colleagues to STICK TOGETHER and don't give them one yes vote on any of their proposals!
Democrats are trying to kill people by giving govt control of healthcare. They WANT people to die.
Democrats?
It isn't the republicans crying for single payer
Why this GOP doing everything behind closed doors and not involving Democrats. Disgusting they just playing games with the life of people.
Stay strong and watchful.
Where's the debate?  Where's the Dem amendments?
Keep fighting @SenatorDurbin
Thank you Senator Durbin for staying strong. We need your leadership in these trying times!
How can these people be stopped? #45 & cohorts are mad men, women. Sick at heart here.
Again, work toward compromise...quit being obstructionist!
Compromise how many lives. This is a do or die. How many times do people like Ryan have to show you who they are?
Keep up the fight! Thank you for standing up for the people! #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
Healthcare is not a right. #entitlement
It's like that old game 'Mystery Date'. Will it be a dream or a dud? My money is on a dud. They only have one dimension.

Reminder: under the AHCA, Hillary Clinton and "Hollywood Liberals" get more tax breaks than the hard-working, blue collar Trump supporters.
Vote yes on repeal. Obamacare is unsustainable & doesn't address costs of ER overuse #RepealACA #ReplaceAndReplace
The double secret one.
Obamacare was a secret! "We have to pass the bill to find out what's in it". Remember Dickie?
The one that slashes welfare #Medicaid and out right reapeal the #democrat #ACA disaster
Help pass the most perfect plan for health care.
Thank you
The next one that will fail cause here is a good one to even get it to the next stage must get 60 votes....all you got is 52 must get 8 dems
Wasn't Obamacare wrote in secret with no republican input or did we just forget that detail
Hopefully a full repeal
Stay strong!
Repeal, no replacement
It's not rocket science! Let people shop for insurance across county and state lines.
Why not just give us some kool-aid and be done with us since we are not worth even being here.
Secret like Obamacare that you idiots made law?
STAY STRONG  #TrumpCare #HealthcareBill WILL KILL!!! #Resist @realDonaldTrump HEARTLESS BILL!!
We're in this mess because of a secret bill passed in which you voted yes !!! #supposedACA #PelosiMinion
Just keep in mind when you tweet your rhetoric that you and your party started this whole big mess to start with... great job Senator.
This is a real sh*t show. 2018 can't get here fast enough.
They will go after abortion however possible, while continuing attacks on health care and education. http://adamwilliammajkowski.blogspot.com/2016/09/the-rape-agenda.html …
The 2015 Repeal Only Bill...
What are they trottin' out bills on a tray, like dim sum!?!?! LOL!!! Jeez!!!
No back room deals on health care
It a like a giant sick game of duck duck..dead goose
How the Republican Party legislates in 2017
So, is this senatorial session on healthcare the @GOP  equivalent of Russian Roulette?
I don't know but CSPAN footage of the senate lately has been scarier than any horror movie I have ever seen.
It is Door Number 3 Skinny Repeal (that is not Skinny) is the real goal....
Is this Let's Make a Deal? Price is Right? This is crazy!!
Why don't you be a leader. Quit selling out.
It's 200 pages of the same picture of Ted Cruz's stupid face.
I know not. Yet I fear 'twill not B fortunate 2 the people, but contrary in the extreme. Sir Durbin, thou hast been a voice for the people.
Sir, thank you for representing the morals & anybodyUSA. I'm a FL voter but wanted to say you are the Shizzle! Puls you have an awesome name
It's a secret, but it's one that will kill us all and save the 1% crowd.
Each secret bill more heartless
THANK YOU, Senator Durbin!
No one saw that coming! Lulz
Look at #1 #34
Please keep fighting! My family needs Medicaid to survive!
Nine Republican Senators: Collins, Corker, Cotton, Graham, Heller, Lee, Moran, Murkowski, Paul opposed it. Thanks for opposing it! Onward!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for your continued dedication to saving the #ACA!
How can the @GOP play this shell game with our futures? This is not representational government! This is a fraud!
How about all of you career politicians get out of the room and let the people and healthcare professionals design something?Our money,fair?
Keep fighting!
It's like Let's Make a Deal except all three doors AND the box suck.
God I wish you guys would get tired of this shit and come out swinging. An unorthodox fighter is dangerous. Unpredictable. Gotta be the same
I hope McCain has time to reflect on his vote as he obtains his pricey treatment without fear of lifetime caps or pre existing conditions.
Is it normal to not know what is gonna happen next?
thank you Senator for standing up for us!
and would have a much larger pool he would apply the laws of our country to yourself. Go on the ACA
why don't you all just work on fixing what's wrong with what we have not playing politics with our lives
Thank you for all your work to #SaveACA!
It's a lot of hoo ha, in a way. We can undo it. It is a useful distraction for GOP -- they'll keep it going .. March & SHOW OUR NUMBERS.
Keep it up Senator Durbin!!

Thank you for continuing to fight for us Sir. It's exhausting on our end, can't imagine how you continue this day after day. THANK YOU.
I do not appreciate Rep Debbie Wasserman-Shultz for providing republicans with a gleeful distraction from their party's inhumanity today.
Wait till next time on As the Senate Turns
I don't know.
It will be worse tomorrow i sure
Please keep fighting the good fight!
It is a mystery!! But none are any good!!
What's next?  Super double-secret wealth transfer disguised as a rebuttal on the black president?
This is a shitshow. Brings the honor and integrity of the Congress down to a new low.
