Why did Obama let him off the hook,he knew it was going on back in August before anyone else knew? But I guess that's ok!!!?
Really I did not know any of us knew in August?

https://twitter.com/ValentineShow/status/883788212010921984 ….       It's already out there it's been out there. Mainstream media will not talk about it.I watched comeys trials..
This point needs to be made. Intel agencies say Russia hacked DNC before Trump was even a candidate. How on earth can there be collusion?
Why is trump still saying that he does not if it was Russia or not.  That happened while at the G20 ... huh Obama knows more then trump.
Hey Durbin not letting you off the hook either.   How about getting some work done.   Make America great.
Trump is going to let Putin have free reign in the US
His first duty is to keep people free, not protect them.
Why would he? He was part of the whole goddamned operation. What is wrong with you people? Grow some balls!
Wonder why obama didn't do something when he found out in august????
Ahhh but he willl.  They have chemistry together
Um. Have you not been following this story, Senator? Trump and Putin were in on it together. You know that, right? I'm concerned.
Wasn't Obama president when it occurred?
You mean like say "Knock it off". #DemocratsDoubleStandards
@realDonaldTrump 
TRANSLATION: DON'T "CHOKE" LIKE BAGHDAD BURRITO @BarackObama DID!!!
@realDonaldTrump.  Words of wisdom.
Please start getting things done. Trump said he will work with you. Stop resisting & solve problems. IL is a mess. Fix!
No the State of Illinois is
Instead we get a Moscow/DC working group on cyber security??  #NotMAGA
Evidence required here, not speculation.
There goes that idea. 2 hours and 15 minutes later. Couldn't break up the meeting between Trump and Putin.

And a stunning admission of collusion!

He's kissing Putins butt...Trumps not looking out for anyone but Trump
And we'll have no proof of just what is said and done because Trump and Putin are the 2biggest liars in politics. Both will claim victory
As opposed to @BarackObama letting them off the hook in 2016?
Calling Russian interference "meddling" is like calling a head-on-collision a "fender bender" but hey, you do you.
45 is only brave when cash is involved, not the US citizenry.
Pretty sure that man DOES NOT have our backs.  #FakePresident
Oh he will. He definitely will.
WE MUST #IMPEACH HIM!!!
Ah, the election tampering canard.  Getting kinda old, while @POTUS strides the world, challenging Evil. Dems moan. Americans cheer. @nra
If he does it will confirm to many that he's behaving just like a #traitor
why don't u tell us what the Russians did exactly? How did they meddle? What the hell? Why accuse with no proof? Duh!
...And it's really a sign of how weak you are @POTUS , and how scared you are of Putin. #PresidentBannon
Like the stunning abdication of Obama's duty to protect the country? Oh, that's right he's your guy so you get a do-over
Problem is GOP doesn't care. Astonishing
#POTUS feels no loyalty to the US as we did not line his pockets or elect him...Russian meddling got him in power.  He is beholden to Putin.
Cute. Go back to your insider trading now.
I'm sure trump will read that and do the right thing
Just one more stunning act of incompetence.
#grandpaPOTUS  doesn't care is his "friends" corrupt our future COMPLICIT @foxnews @gop          #TheResistance #25thAmendmentNOW

So is you not retiring.
Why didn't you make this statement in August of 2016? Do you have higher expectations for @POTUS  you had for @POTUS44? Or just partisan?
He is a buffoon and a useful idiot. He and Tillerson are out of their league!
And then there's this newest hacking. Trump's buddy Putin has been busy.
LATEST: Russia is the chief suspect after hackers breach at least a dozen U.S. power plants https://bloom.bg/2sv5TIE  
Or as McMaster would say "A Dereliction of Duty".  Speaking of McMaster...WTH isn't he going to be in the room with Trump/Putin?  #Insane
Thank you for continuing to take care of us here in Illinois.  Wish others would take your lead!
Please don't lecture on duties to protect US when you want open borders, unlimited "refugees", and uncontrolled immigration.
He doesn't give a flying fig. And won't.
He will. He's a tiny-dicked, loudmouth with the spine of a sea cucumber.

@realDonaldTrump
Is that what you told Obama as he did nothing for 6 months leading up to election? Didn't think so.  Election outcome would have been same.
Don't hold your breath.
He wants 2018 and 2020! Of course he'll let Putin off...
Give me a fucking break - typical pussy dem response - he's a mother fucking lifetime criminal! 
If the  spy compounds are returned ,would that be Treason?
He's a traitor Senator. Russian tool.
But seriously...how is he going to deal w/ Putin at a meeting? Give him a short chair Jack Donaghy-style? Steal his pen? Plus he's a coward
You let the last one off for doing nothing to Putin and meddling in israel's election. #hypoctite
Other way around, Senator! Putin is not going to let Trump off the hook!
I hope you aren't too disappointed
Why don't u send proof the Russians do any hacking? There is no proof!
dickie why don't you go over there and straighten his butt out
He will return mansions to Russia.
He will serve Putin interests not USA.
Our CIC communist in chief can not do that.
He rebuffed having others in the room.  It is not looking good
45 collided with and helped them to hack Hillary s emails how do you expect him to talk about it??? It's a meeting between Gotti and Capone
Dick Donny doesn't read this account. His flakes work this one.
AGREED!!!
Dick he doesn't know the meaning of anything you just requested of him!  Keep it remedial when addressing him!
Funny in a truthfully sad sort of way.
Sir, why u r asking 4 things that u know he won't do is beyond me. he colluded to win & it worked then in DT's eyes Putin isn't on a hook
They'll just have a make out session with dr evil
He only cares about his $$$$$ and his. holdings in Russia! He really doesn't about anything else
He's interested in driving up membership at his golf clubs and sending out moronic tweets. That's about it.
He will...he already spouted off his skepticism this am dissing our Intelligence Agencies!
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10214755574789720&id=1435398287&refid=17&__tn__=%2As …
He will be thanking Putin for putting him in the Oval Office tomorrow! He is not our President, he is the traitor in chief!
But he will.  He'll give Putin whatever he asks for. He is a criminal and he's "leading" this country.  GET HIM OUT.
Senator..pay attention..where was Obama an Intel when Russians were hacking..u were in charge ...
Also, don't blow him where everyone can see.
Like Hillary's husband
Get off that meme. It's died along time ago. No one cares. But you dems
The meddling was to benefit and in coordination with him. What do you expect to happen? He's a shitty actor!!
I'm going to teach my grandkids about the Cold War.  @POTUS just threw our US Intelligence Agencies to the curb! Saying he isn't sure! DUMP
Well....prepare yourself, Senator. Cause that's exactly what he's going to do.
Don't set your sights too high @SenatorDurbin. He's just a cock holster. Nothing more. Nothing less.
So rght
Trump is weak! He'll let America down again and then He'll blame Obama for his own weakness.
Absolutely Guaranteed that he will NOT confront Putin about hacking. A) he denies it even happened; B)Has his head up Putin's ass.
Maybe u should meddle in your home states affairs more.
As a Senator of the worst state with the most severe financial crisis you have already abdicated your duties to the people of Illinois!
That and a loud I Trump am guilty of collusion traitor to America
Call it what it really is...TREASON
But Obama ignoring the meddling when it was happening is okay. You are so crooked.
There ya go!
Yea he will clean up what obama was to chicken to do
Hello Oath of Office
Nice way to insight peace there Durbin!
What else do you expect from #BenedictArnold
He will yield to Putin's will. He sees himself as subordinate to Putin, and therefore subordinates the US to Russia. This is unacceptable.
25th amendment
I'm betting he doesn't even bring it up. Have to continue the cover up! Calling attn to it will stir the pot...we all know already......
Drumpf is playing in the corner while vlad and rex chat.
But by an investigation of whom enters our country to protect us isn't kind of the same? What hook is that on?
When did he care about protecting the U.S.?
Kinda hard for him to do that considering they colluded.
It's evidence.
Dereliction of duty?
Or an admission that he was in on it all along!
He will be too busy attacking other Americans, including Prple Hrt, Brnz medalled wounded Vnam Marine Vet lifelong Republican Robert Mueller
If he does he is a coward and he is derelict in his duty to protect the democracy of the United States, people are tired of his lies.
That request certainly fell on deaf (and dumb) ears
He is signing the official surrender documents.
Didn't you let Hilary Clinton off the hook with all her Corruptions?
Oh you're covered off too...
Think about who's violated the law.  CMF
Wishful thinking 
Which is what King Donald keeps promising the American people
My, my  aren't we being a little holier than thou
Don't hold your breath on this one.
Thank you once again, @SenatorDurbin, for placing the interests of the American people first.
Don't get your hopes up.  He will do whatever his boss, Putin, wants him to do.
Not confident it will happen. Bet they have on 45/others they are holding until they get what they want. Nothing would surprise me anymore.
Level with Putin. If there is more evidence of illegitimate meddling in the American Democracy the consequences will worse than thing gained
Like this guy on open mic night?
SHOCKING that it's going to be just him & Tillerson w/ Putin & Lavrov. Clearly #ConsciousnessOfGuilt ! (Then, he'll make up a "read out".)
Trump already has unfortunately.
Now Russia refuses to agree with the G20 condemnation of NK. This is just what Russia would do too just to cause trouble!
He is most likely gonna blow it, I mean him
Impeachable??? If so, get ready! #trumpfail #TrumpRussiaCollusion
#Trump already has already abdicated his duty to the US, as seen by his actions since January 20. He will kowtow to Putin, and screw the US.
He didn't want this job to protect the US. He's out to enrich himself and get himself out of trouble with Daddy Vladdy. We all know this.
He don't know what the big deal is putin is his buddie it's a business trip to see an old business friend. Great guy puty. The best.
You represent a dead, corrupt, BK state.Should we let you off the hook? You&your cronies,red/blue, alike have abdicated your duties long ago
add it to the list.
Cmon Dick. Obama knew about Russian meddling last August. Obama ignored & now it's an issue. Point that finger in the right direction!
Yes!!!!
Our current #POTUS has a sincere case of insecurity keeping his twitter account active but stopping him from protecting or improving the USA
Only republican presidents right? Obama ignored the problem.  You hypocrites have zero credibility and thankfully no power
He has to let him off the hook...Putin can end his presidency whenever he wants & he knows it. Meddling was done w/his encouragement.
And bummer didnt do anything about it when he new, so really, who *abdicated* their responsibility?
What about Obama u going to let him off the hook dickey because he knew it before trump
And what will be done about it? He's so far past the point of illegitimate, it's not even rational anymore.
Has he shown you anything to suggest he won't abdicate his duty to protect us?
It's almost a forgone conclusion, Putin will walk all over tRump.  Sanctions will be lifted.  @POTUS will not protect us
who is the non treasonous grown up in the room no one will be watching these corrupt men sanctions will be lifted MMW
also r democracy will spiral down word as these men continue 2 hack and control r voting system totalitarianism coming
You & Progressive Marxist Democrat party are damned & it will show up in our history the very deceitful traitorous despicable things u did.
he has already done that.
Too late, he's already guilty of going too easy on him. Nothing will change.
With all due respect, Senator Durbin, there isn't a Civic bone in Hair Fuhrer's body. You're wasting your breath.
Is this the same msg you gave Obama?
@realDonaldTrump the majority of American voters demand a response from you
He'll get back with u on that..but we thamk u for your participation
What did Obama do when he found out months before the election?  Why didn't the DNC give their server over to the FBI for analysis? O failed
LMAO! Your Democrat Prez Zero bowed down to Putin and promised Flexibility after his 2012 election & THREW Eastern Europe to Russia.
We all know that's just what he'll do. What is Congress going to do ?
Meddling? Attacking!
You're better off taking to a brick wall.. And it likely would make for a better conversion.
Day one started dereliction of duty
he has money at stake with russia.  he won't antagonize putin at all.
He is going to say zilch.
apologize to Trump for wasting time on collusion
LOL. Um..no.
Exactly!  The Dems cannot face the fact the majority of the land mass of the US and people that lived there slapped down and rejected libs
He abdicated that duty a long time ago.
... you mean "another stunning abdication of Trumps duty to protect the U.S".
