No proper medical care or food. A humanatarian crisis on U.S soil. We must stand with Puerto Rico & the USVIs until they rebuild and recover
Spend your own money and time go down do something instead of pointing fingers
You don’t know anything about what it takes to get everything back in working order in Puerto Rico . It takes time.

Senate Dems should shut the whole place down until action is taken to help Puerto Rico. This is a national disgrace. Please, lead, Senator.
What history will remember is your inaction in Chicago to stem the violence.  Divert our attention, I think not!
What are you doing?
Where were you in past when PR infrastructure needed repaired ?How many people died because of you ? Resign and get off the Russian payroll
I'm a little disappointed that Congress is not stopping this NUT JOB!
Oh kinda like the democratic mayor and leaders in Flint MI
So will our family members who just moved to FL, @GOP.
What can we do?
None of them care about history, or democracy, or human lives or anything except 
I think forcing people to drink contaminated water who are dying of thirst is despicable conduct and below what we expect from Government.
That’s MY Senator! You make Illinois and America proud. Thank you, sir!
History will remember that the USA susbstantially rebuilt the critically damaged infrastructure in support of PR long term needs
Durbin is such a hate monger.
I think we’re beyond saying *Trumps worst week ever* Every week just gets worse, this man is pathological! Why won’t Congress do anything?
For the love of God @realdonaldtrump and @gop take care of these people.
Thank you Senator.
Republicans own this,
Friend worked for Government 40 yrs ago said power system then a mess, other business they never listened to him $120 billion in the red???
People are working hard to restore PR. Maybe you should donate your time there instead of leading dreamers if you are so concerned.
History will remember how ill prepared they were to deal with a storm like this, this all falls on the past leaders (Moron Durbin)

History ?  Only fake news .
And congress' inaction against @realDonaldTrump
That is a lie they have tested those sites and none of them have come up with any kind of poison or any kind of contamination. stop lying!!
Dick Chicago teacher gunned down in drive bye! Still Silent. History has and will remember your crickets.
Curious as to what Congress is doing to help. Stop blaming and take action! We are all Americans..
Flint Michigan
So, what are u doing about it besides talking?
The response has been outstanding you have been a U.S. Senator for a long time why did you let P.R. get in such bad shape pre HurricaneNate
You are a US Senator. What have you done about it ?
And trump is talking about Hillary! Get these people water!
Yes from Flint michigan
Like Benghazi and Haiti ? Outsource some more Deplorable jobs !
You are becoming a laughing stock, please only tweet your outrageous accusations 5 times a day.
This will be remembered as the worst administration. #WorstPresidentEver
DUMP DURBIN ASAP
Flint michigan
PR utilities before the hurricane were deplorable. Decades of stupid can't be fixed fast. How many ppl died in Chi this weekend? #WontForget
Why don’t you ask DoD what’s been done then shut up and quit lying. PR was in dire trouble before the hurricane hit. Quit blaming. #idiot
The problems in PR are a direct result of the failure of the previous administration and #Obamacare
History will remember the fantastic job @realDonaldTrump did during these insane disasters. 

It will also remember your inaction in Chicago
Yea cause everyone is so cooperative and willing to work with him. They were in office when Chicago went down they did nothing
Just as history remembers yours.
AWESOME! So they are back to where they were pre-storm!
You are a typical hypocrite liar
I ashamed of America
I'm ashamed you do not get your facts straight!
And where is MSM? There should be daily video of this horror. DAILY! Particularly the dirty water. Too busy giving DT a free pass again.
They are not there because it would hurt their narrative
Hank Johnson is worried if we put any more supplies on the island it may tip over.

Maybe the Mayor can stop having shirts made long enough to hand out all the supplies we delivered
Well what are YOU doing besides bitching?
Me All talk — what more can be done that is not being done. Be specific.
criminal charges in order
San Juan mayor for obstructing with distribution of supplies
Dick we'll remember Obama care ... Puerto Rico is a socialist experiment gone bad ...
and you don't think your state is not going to remember YOUR INACTION in Chicago and how many years you were in office and did Nothing
History will also remember your inaction as the Ship of the State of #Illinois sank into debt at the hands of @DNC interests. #IllinoisDebt
Better than our democratic nation sinking into the hands of GOP/Russia interests,while Republican Congress stands by twiddling their thumbs.
Two wrongs don't make a right. @GOP Congress/Presidency clearly has been a do-nothing body. The electors will judge them. #RussiaGate
Electors can be bought off, bribed.They are people just like you and I. Trump knows that everyone has a price.
Blood is on Trump & GOP.
Find a way to vote in 2018
No one said shit while our veterans were left to die in er waiting rooms
Yes we will remember Democrats pushing their Propaganda while The Virgin Islands Florida Texas and raging wildfires are ALSO devastated
what about Congress?
Bre theirs power and water along with BIGLY chocolate cake at his golf courses
We Need To Support Puerto Rico Senator ROS
