Senator, you need to retire, you do not represent our views!!
That's why we have elections. You can vote against him. But the majority of people in IL support him.
This is his last free ride. My union brothers and sisters are done with him. He has insulted us with his lies for too long. Durbin is done!
Two more insurers bailing. Not Trumps doing but don't let that stop you
Would you stay in a market when the Liar in Chief is threatening to not pay you? You are very uneducated if you think this is not on Trump.
Fact: 18 of the 23 insurers (that's 79% for those of U that can't do math) left or partially left the market prior to Trump elected.
19 states refused the expansion. More words than I can type, so here:
So 38% rejected the ACA from day 1.

Why do people keep voting you in?!? #democratsareclueless
Really... Why we know you are full of Gaga..

Obama’s IRS ‘misled’ Obamacare customers: Audit http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/aug/3/obamas-irs-misled-obamacare-customers-audit/ … via @washtimes
Unlike Obamacare.  "Illinois ObamaCare insurance premiums expected to rise 43 percent next year"
For those not up to date: GOP stripped payments and protections from ACA to make it fail as much as they could. GOP caused unstable 1/
insurance markets. Causing increased premiums, drop out insurers, etc. Direct anger where it belongs: McConnell (R-KY). Trump making it 2/
worse with his tweet-tantrums causing more instability in the markets. Read NYT's piece on how the ACA can be saved and save us all money. 3
Democrats have no right to criticize anyone on health care. You can keep your doctors? Premiums will not go up? You can choose your provider
And let's pass it to see what's on it     Botox pelosi
Credit where credit is due, Senator Durbin. Your #Obamacare YES vote & #FullRepeal NO vote raised American's costs, not #Trump. Sad!
Not true it's already costing us 4 times more.     34 yrs in office about time you got a job
Thats what you did!
He's  not a politician  but he has to play ping pong across the isles and be bipartisan and play the political game to get anything done
Do you have any clue what it costs if you get no subsidy and no employee insurance?  While you get a free ride! Hypocrite
Don't let DJT take "the" page right of your playbook Turbin
Durbin: voted no on all repeal and or replace.
Also Durbin: blames Trump for Obamacare failing and not trying to help.
Durbin is worthless!
then you start paying what others have to pay maybe you will change your mind then dick
He is a sore winner and a sore looser
Enlighten yourself with facts instead of Progressive Marxist Democrat LIES & PC-BS:
@HCOnlineCourses 
@HCimprimis
IF you understood the Constitution and HONORED your OathOfOffice you would know that federal government has NO BUSINESS in our HealthCare.
Check the miror on THAT one, Pal.
OOPS! Spelled "mirror" wrong. But you get my drift.
Yea you sure know about that you already been there and done that you are an expert
Look at ALL THE COSTS in your state... absolutely disgraceful
Where's the $2500 I'm saving? Where's my doc? Oh, he quit over OCare! Disgraceful!
sounds like the democrats the last 8 years, raise premiums so lazy folks can get free stuff
Look at what Democrats Obama &YOU did to our healthcare costs! Millions of people are damning you and all to hell. Damn Progressive Marxists
Dems& GOP both R stupid& foolish. Back 2009, Dems didn't outreach2 GOP&  Pelosi said "Pass it & then Read it". We citizen R paying the price
Liers like Ugives politicians bad reputation.Two weeks ago u were one of "No" activist. We won't forget.US desrve better.Go &work with POTUS
Then he should stop talking and help the 20 Dems & Reps which are trying to fix it. All Durbin has ever done is talk w/nothing to show.
It is disgraceful, sir; but, not surprising. Always consider the source. In this case, Trump. And, we know he doesn't give a damn about us.
Lawyers will B downfall of America! Only profession who need a judge & jury 2 tell them if they r right or wrong! VOTERS need 2 tell them!@!
If ACA is so great, why don't you have it Senator?
Congress = lawyers on gov't welfare. Lawyers who can't get a thing done. ARGUE is all DC does, no solutions. Lobbyists run congress!
What is disgraceful is how you and obama screwed it up in the first place
Your vote for Obamacare cost all of us $, choice of doctors, plans.... etc
Dems have ruin the entire American way of life. Chicago has out of control Murders. Nothing being done. Now Republicans need to clean it up!
Dick Durbin in poster child for term limits! How long you been in now Dick? WAY 2 Long! Voters need to initiate term limits at the polls!
Dick Durbin wants Republicans to work with them on the ACA failure of Dems. Now Dems want republicans to fix the "all dem inclusive ACA"
Lib Dem Durbin needs to get lies straight. POTUS wants to cut ur "disgraceful" golden parachute! Ur subsidiaries from Congress insur!
43% increase next year for Illinois residents.  Not a 45 problem. It's a dem and 44 issue.  Thanks for this terrible legislation called ACA
So DD what is your solution to healthcare. Why have you not put it out there for debate? I'm sure. You will not respond to my ?
In your State!!! Illinois is hopeless anyway after years of Democrat policies. Why should my tax dollars go to Illinois? I live in Texas!!!
Is this your tweet from 2010-2016? I think I finally agreed with you back then. Thank you for bringing it up again.
Good, raise them to the level they should be under the worthless federal government you've built - your healthcare needs to go next.
Wa-wa-wa drama queen! No sir you need to work with Trump not the other way around, elections speak volumes! All you libs keep screwing us!
Well, he left for vacation, he must not really care
Trump Disgraceful? Say it ain't so!! The man is a disgrace to the office & every POTUS who preceded him!
Dickweed
Anything to win. Any cost, well except from his own pocket. He does NOT CARE about us.
I guess "one" full of shit is enough !!
ummm... Mine have gone up every year so YOU have failed me not just the new kid #MyAcaTruth #Aca
I don't want amything with his name on it
*anything*
WHAT IS DISGRACEFUL IS YOUR INHERENT DISHONESTY
Alright who just farted.
And you knew it would the whole time. REPs told you it would and you guys knew it so it would fail and you could force single payer on us.
Petty, petty man.
You mean like my I'll property because of the big Dick and friends I pay through the ass. Dick is disgraceful
Please don't think all US citizens are stupid. We know OBAMAcare is for low income and devistate the middle class_all for votes.
Man oh man I hope Mueller gets a handle on this Toad of a President @realDonaldTrump
The left will have you believe that what they're saying is true. They are liars.
Refusing to take the blame that the Democrats pushed through w/o a single Republican vote.
Definitely, he is used to destroying contractors and their families in private sector. Nothing will change in Public Sector.
I believe the good people of this country and Senators, Governors like you will defend us and keep this from happening.  This is about EGO
Of Course Winning
I bet you and Soros sauna together....
dont forget minority leader crying chucky
He will tell his followers that it's the Democrats fault not his, and they will ignorantly believe him.
State how with a link...
you mean the way #Obamacare did to the middle class workers who's deductibles went up to $10,000?
Or when people had to pay a "fee" because the premiums were too high to afford. That fee paid for some poor person's insurance. Way to help.
You mean the way Obamacare did keep your doctor lie keep your plan lie lower cost lie right ACA is wonderful Durbin is a fool
That's a lie! You are supposed to come up with a fix to Obamamess! You created the mess! What have u done to help?
That is what Obamacare did. The ACA is a failure of epic proportions. My premium doubled and deducted TRIPLED.  Why?  Democrat entitlements
Lie. #fakenews
Bwahahaha. Stop
His name is "Dick"
So what did the Dems do it for?  Lost doctor, plan and pay 3x as much as we did b4 ACA.

6.5 million people chose to pay an #IRS fine just to stay away from #Obamacare. They deserve better. 
Actually this sounds a lot like what #Obamacare did to Americans. Disgraceful.
We haven't had this bitter a partisan leader in quite a while... actually the last one I can think of is Nixon.
He'll pretty much do or say anything to score policital "red meat" points with his base... Don't expect change anytime soon. Not in his DNA.
Last night's rally was really disgraceful... he brings dishonor to the Office of the President of the United States & I can't wait for 2020.
I can respectfully disagree w/policies of Reagan, HW, & W... this level of partisanship by @POTUS harms the office. hopefully not forever.
If Hot Dog carts were run like our Health Care there'd be 5 admins around each one, emptying your pockets & then pushing you away hungry.
Stuuuuupid.
