“Contribution” includes “anything of value made by any person for the purpose of influencing any election for Federal office.”
And what contribution did he get?
Information.
Well I suppose they'll have a nice little trial on this but I personally think people are overreacting so far. Did he actually get the info?
You can see the word 'solicit' in there right? Getting it doesn't matter.
We're getting after it in another thread bud, thanks tho.
Ivanka received 100 Mil from the Saudis after trump sold them arms.
Saudi Arabia financed 20% of Hillary's campaign, according 2 the Prince! So I demand investigation in2 Dem collusion w/ House of Saud!
But her emails!!! Give it a rest. Donald is the president and neck deep in brown stuff. Your hero is going to jail
https://twitter.com/lionelverney/status/884830821248507904/photo/1pic.twitter.com/2V79fl9d3m 
Yeah cos the media talk about Hillary all the time don't they? It's not an issue. Trump and Russia is.
So a music promoter is "Russia"?  
No but a Russian government lawyer is. The one that don Jr. had arranged a meeting with on the emails he released today....
LOL! Shes never said she was Gov Lawyer...  Watch her interviews. read her statements, not #FakeNews! She was there 2 talk about adoption..
But that was not HIS intent. If my husband went to have sex w/ a woman but she just wanted dinner he's still wrong!
You think she should be in jail?
For breaking this law: to solicit, accept, or receive a contribution or donation… from a foreign national” ?
This instinct to massively stretch the meaning of laws to ensnare political opponents is dangerous. This is the jurisprudence of Henry VIII
No prosecutor has ever considered info to be a contribution. This standard would make Tony Blair advising the Clintons an illegal donation
Why can't we say that something was wrong without it being "The Worst Crime Ever"?
How about the whole RNC?  #theyallknew.  #followthemoney
Maybe you should send this info to the Dems who are actually guilty of these crimes?
Then why did Hillary Clinton and bill Clinton do that same thing
Hey Durbin, might wanna let the lousy Clinton's that amazing piece of information.
Oh my gosh, let me remind u HILLARY DID OFTEN
why did HRC take foreign donations?!
You might want to look at the DNC's working with Ukraine to bring down Trump. Or DNC sandbagging Sanders.HRC uranium? #hypocrisy #exposed
What if asked the Ukraine? You know like @HillaryClinton campaign
How much did Bill Clinton get 4 that speech in Moscow again?

Like Hillary Clinton foundation from Saudi Arabia and others while sec of state?
All those documents are private docs. Show me drumbf school grades?
Did you reach out to @Rosie after she offered millions to US government officials? “She” relinquished her US citizenship and became a Canadian citizen early in November 2016.
So what do u do
better tell that to you're democratic party Mr durbin...
ATTN You r a partisan political hack and an embarrassment. Another reason Dems will continue to lose.No message no vision Just hate for Pres
You should tell that to Obama and Hillary!
You might want to
So what was the "thing of value"?
"...documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and that would be very useful to your father"
What was that Info? Guess u just skipped over "her dealings w/ Russia"?
Need to dismantle the #electoral college. Go with the popular vote. It's purpose is outdated. It was for uneducated people. We are not.
That law apply to the Clinton foundation?
you know that means monetary. Quit grandstanding. That law was written before emails.
Wow you can read.    What about Ted Kennedy getting talking points against Reagan from Russians hey dick were you I on that ?
Why hasn't Trump been indicted or impeached for letters to heads of state throughout the world soliciting campaign donations?
unless your last name is Clinton or Obama?
I'm your constituent, and I say, "GET HIM OUT!". Enough is Enough. #DoYourJob
Keep up the pressure. The country needs @TheDemocrats 2 stand up 4 US
Only exception is when democrats do it .
Kushner needs to lose his security clearance immediately!
So, now we are talking about Hillary?
Please check with Hillary
Thank you senator. Please stop working with republicans while the traitors remain in the white house.
Why does Jared have a security clearance?
Then why did Obama & Hillary do it?
I sure hope you do something about this
https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/illinois/articles/2017-06-30/1-day-2-years-of-deadlock-at-stake-in-illinois-budget-deal …. Total joke. You have been fired
And what legal action is taken?  And what about Crooked Hillary? And do you Tricky Dick have proof that he accepted anything? No you don't
Hey Dick contribution or donation implies a monetary value just saying buddy
The Clintons and Obama sure didn't seem to have any problem with it.
Then what about Hillary and her bribe to sell minerals???????????????????
Seems it didn't apply to Bill and Hillary and their personal foundation
Keep it up democrats will keep losing.
I thought Hillary did that ??
Tell that to #DNC and Clinton's and Clinton foundations. Democrats r so corrupt! Sick of ur idiocy!! #voteDemsOut2018 #MAGA #StandwithDJTJR
How do you know that he got anything of value from the Russians?
The statements you make, without any analysis, would need to be raised by a power of 10 to be respectable non-sense.
person before the meeting.  She has denied she had anything to offer or did offer anything; so where is the solicitation or acceptance?
How about that Golden Shower memo? That was written by a foreign national
He is a novice. Really.
a clear message asking for a donation or transfer of funds of something of value; DT Jr. did not ask for anything and never spoke to the
Well since solicit in the context of election law is defined as is oral or written communication that is reasonably understood to contain
That's a stretch but you keep trying to spin the truth. Hillary is the one that needs investigating
I'm hearing this may not be an actual crime colluding w/foreign govt to win an election, EXCEPT aiding & abetting other crimes is a crime!
Should have reminded Hillary of that. Quit being such a hater. We have more important things to do for this country.
What can we do about it?
Obama's online fundraising took in how many millions from "foreign nationals" ?
So, should his daddy's friends be shouting "lock him up?" 

ATTN Dick Durbin:  You guys have no power! You lost because you don't care about America or Americans.  The Fake News BS won't change that!
But what will be done? Lying on disclosures for security clearance is a felony, but nothing has happened yet there either.
Bahahaha! Like bill Clinton from Russia for a speech?
Get after it.
When will #Congress hold #Potus family accountable for their transgressions? America is not a #Trump candy store. Check executive privilege!
This family believes they R above the law. They've acted this way their entire lives! They haven't figured out it doesn't work in Washington
Like @HillaryClinton received from a wealthy Chinese businessman? Like @HFA received via @ClintonFdn? U might prompt #Hillary indictment.
Is sheer stupidity a valid defense?
Hillary says yes.
DO SOMETHING
@DonaldJTrumpJr received NO Intel from the attorney who was fm Russia! @HillaryClinton got opp Intel fm china Ukraine & UK WILL I LOCK HERUP
Did you tell @HillaryClinton & @ClintonFdn which laundered foreign funds to het campaign this. Glass houses Senator.
Spinning. Attaining information is not a 'contribution'
Really? Tell it to Obama and Hillary.
So what is the outcome?
Senator, what is your Republican colleagues' tipping point on mafia families working with foreign powers to attack our Republic?
George Soros donations to every #dem in the last 20 years
100 million to Clinton Foundation
Then Hillary Clinton broke the law many times by accepting money from Russia, China, Ukraine, Saudi Arabia etc.. Charge her & lock her up.
Dear Dick Thanks for the short civics class. What are you getting done in Washington....?
Venezuela Pres. Sent him a donation Jan. 20 2017?
Unless it's a democrat..democratic party should change their name to (The Party of hypocrisy)
Maybe you should send this tweet to Hillary Clinton, Fusion GPS, John McCain, John Podesta, & Jim Comey.
Well in that case... the trademarks w/ CHINA are a clear violation. Let's roll #LockThemAllUp
Senator Durbin- Why does Jared Kusher still have a security clearance? Is this being discussed on the floor of the Senate?
Thanks for the hypocrite bullshit, @SenatorDurbin. Like we don't get enough propaganda from the #MSM arm of the Democratic Party.
You misspelled Hilary Clinton you lib puke.
Thank you, Senator @SenatorDurbin !
To the people who seem to this is no big deal, why in the world does Don Jr's story keep changing?
yeah HIllary took a lot of money from foreign govt.  ones that throw gay people off buildings.  lets investigate it.
 What's the value of this Nothing Burger durbin? Work on repealing Obama's Insurance Bailout Act & replacing it w/ a Healthcare Bill. 
Maybe someone should dig in your past there 'DICK'
So why isn't it just a done thing that he's guilty?
#grandjury #charges #trial #verdict is still path in America
Sorry. I don't understand.
ATTN #Dick Durbin there's no, zero, nothing to prove he did. There maybe actual evidence @HillaryClinton &  "Foundation" did.
I think you actually should send this to HRC. Uranium, paid speeches perfectly timed.
Oh really? How much did HRC/Leftist receive in foreign contributions/bribes? Inconvenient truth for leftist.
Do something and quit tweeting
Get his butt into the clink fast
That's why they were interested, to see what Russian money Hillary had accepted.
Comedy is not your strong suit
incriminating evidence, is sought by all. Remember the fake dossier dems paid fusion & an ex spy to create
Oh senator, that's the least of his problems
The Whatabouts are out in full force. Great job, @GOP. Hopefully, Pence can get the rudder under control.
How much did the Clinton Foundation get in return 4 the Uranium One deal? Turning over 20% of US uranium reserves 2 Russia! 
(Dick Turban)
Well that's just money. 
Vote no to the FBI nomination and the health care bill!!
Damn right.  You can still be prosecuted and sentenced for conspiracy to commit murder...  so why not conspiracy to commit TREASON.
From the senator who called our troops Nazi's.
Foreigners contribute to the DNC, Clinton Founndation, and other boosting platforms all the time. Which also funded your campaigns, right?
Did not stop HILLARY, what the hell is wrong with your thinking?
How does Kushner still have his security clearance? Between the SF-86 fiasco and now this revelation - it should be revoked!
Don't become Judge n Jury until you hear the facts from Jr.'s mouth
You misspelled ATTN Hillary Clinton
when did potus know about his son and meeting with the russians
He didn't, it was a set up!!!!
Say the democrats.. but don't follow their own rules
You know, There's nothing wrong w/ being a Dem, Repub or Indep!!  But there IS something wrong W/being a CROOK!! (Nixon's word...NOT mine!)
By this point, I wouldn't be completely surprised if Trump named Aldrich Ames or Robert Hanssen to be his new ethics chief.
Trump Family motto:  "The ends justify the means". This has been true for Mr. Trump's entire life, and what he has handed down to his kids.
I wonder if Donnie Jr feels 1 bit of fear since he can be pardoned by daddy & has faced zero consequences in his petty, entitled existence?

Well what ab CROOKED HILLARY....she took $$$$ lots of it.
And those who supported Citizen's United on SCOTUS said this would never happen/be acceptable. Pandora's Box has been their Modus Op.
Attn Tricky Dick Federal law prohibits someone so ugly to be on Twitter.
#ShutupalreadyDICK

Is #DonaldTrump an ambassador of Russia? #Trumprussia confirmation to #JDCpredictions is pending.  #patience http://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/05/may0217-pertaining-to-price-of.html … 
Russia was the gov't to warn Obama admin about the Boston City bomber terrorists. Obama admin failed to stop them. #DonaldTrumpJr  #DonJr
Please PROVE Trump campaign received money from a foreign national, senator.
He can't but he and the Dems will keep beating this dead horse until  midterm elections.
That's money u idiot. It doesn't refer to info. Were that true, we could never work w/ a foreign gov't. #DonJr #DonaldTrumpJr
Yet the GOP won't care. @SpeakerRyan do you care? @SenateMajLdr how about you? When is enough enough? Putin have to tell you himself?
Are you talking about Hillary??
The Tower-dwelling ones don't believe laws apply to them.  Years getting away with lying, cheating, thieving, sexual assault  #TrumpRussia
This thread is about Donald Trump, not Bill Clinton.
You mean like Clinton and Communist China $$$? That kind of law?
So when will Jr. be arrested?
Attn @DonaldJTrumpJr when you go buy drugs, and you don't get the drugs, you are still out to buy drugs.
Is that a better level for you?
No - if you don't buy the drugs, you didn't buy the drugs.
Unfortunately Ryan and McConnell still control this. This is collusion on their parts
At what point will this country say "enough"?
Sadly the real question is at what point will the GOP say enough? Only when they do, or when Mueller's Team is done will this nightmare end!
Whatcha going to do about it, Dick?
Keep reaching Dick!!!
@DonaldJTrumpJr Turn yourself in to the NY AG.

Gather your peers and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT goddamn
