The judge ruled today that no refugees  should be put back on planes and sent back  to danger.
. You democrats wont be happy til isis is here on our land get over it you loss
You can thank the Evil Murderin' #GeorgeSoros for that, but Buckle Up, your #CrookedHillary Lost, #Trump will #MAGA!
safe zone. You would not STEAL my money. Let those stupid hollywood people put the money where their mouths are.
Let these wealthy hipocrites pay for a safe zone.  As far as I'm concerned they should FIGHT like we have to.
Dick your so ultra worried about Trump yet your own backyard is a cesspool and corrupt to the core!
Senator, the ACLU shouldn't have to clean up the mess. Trump placed a ban in effect that is a direct violation of our constitution. Impeach
doesn't have anything to do with the executive order
thank you for wonderful answers to Chris Wallace
.@SenatorDurbin This is not enough, this is not over. Senator, your constituents need a stronger stand #NoBanNoWall #HateHasNoHomeHere
his constituents need to worry about Illinois and all the killing going on there 
it will be interesting to see if admin actually complies with tonight's ruling that the person should be returned to US
WE DO NOT have income of 6 figures. I honestly have NO TEETH from health issues. Will cost me $53,500 to get some
Please stop Trump.
People in Chicago need to help themselves before helping outsiders. Too much murder.
.@SenatorDurbin Now you and the rest of Congress will officially overturn this on Monday, yes?
UHHHH NO
You use immigrants & refugees for political purposes only. Or you would take for the really wealthy and create them a
Because of these health issues I have NO BONE for dentures yet your worried about illegals and refugees
THIS IS THE BIGGEST WORTHLESS ORGANIZATION IN OUR COUNTRY
Yes, just worry about refugees and illegals like always. The citizens are sick of you and will get you voted out.
great, except the CBP did...Well who knows what they did except willfully disregard court orders.
Read about the treatment of #cancer with citric acid in: @Cancercuretop2
You are all the Globalist Failures that hurt this Country. Syrian Refugees 2016: 93% Muslim, 60% Men, >50% over 20y/o
nothing like treating refugees better than our OWN AMERICAN CITIZENS
especially in his state
What do you have against American citizens? You're a traitor!
Thank you for calling for an investigation into the Trump administration's refusal to obey the court order on the #MuslimBan.
Why in the hell do you think anyone should have to pay taxes on social security that I do not receive. I"M NOT WEALTHY
This TRO will not stop the majority of POTUS Trump EO. Get over yourself.
proud of my senator for resisting and being on the right side of history.
the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015....did you vote Yea?
So what would be your response if one of them comes to this country and kills hundreds of people? Oh well? Idiots
I expect you to do more than the @ACLU. Where is your #NoOnSessions?
The lib judge appt by BO is just another of your attempt to destroy the president
country IS WATCHING
WE TRUMP VOTER
liberal activist judges undermining President of US, and Durbin stirring up hysteria. We need Israel-like security!
aclu works for foreigners not americans anymore.
yes thanks Dick for charging us money for getting our own money out of our banks.  Dhead.
Then he needs an education on this world today. Send him there, he'll understand the band then.  Idiots all of u
than what hard working Americans think. You should all be in prison for life. Get on board or get the hell out.
STRANGE THAT A SENATOR OF THE U.S. WOUJLD SUPPORT THIS COMMUNIST ORGANIZATION.
<----Disgusting Traitors 
these people will remain in their own countrym safe spaces. End of stiry
all about more votes.
you are out of touch with americans.thatbis a fact
The next 9-11 will fall ON YOUR LAP.  U dems SOAKED our country w/ MUSLIMS from countries that hate us. U WILL own it.
Senator Durbin... what are YOU doing about it? Stand up and fight
Obama FLOODED this country with COUNTLESS MUSLIMS. Kalid Muhammed SAID they will destroy US using IMMIGRATION. UR NUTS
Ok senator we will put you and anyone else who doesn't want to protect AMERICA FIRST on those planes!
Yes and that was really a sad sad thing for her to do. She should be asked to step down
Obstructionists hell-bent on putting refugee rights above the safety of Americans!
Screw you and the ACLU. I will feel much safer by stopping Muslims from entering our country. Vietnam Veteran opinion.
Suck it cupcakes!
We no longer have a terrorist in chief.
Your a piece of shit, these children also carry explosives,u did nothing for your state and bought,he has friends watch
as an Arab American, I'm appalled by your statement on Fox news that we shouldn't favor persecuted Christian refugees
Americans are priority not illegals and refugees!! Your anti American rhetoric will be remembered!!!
you can't find jobs or take care of our southsiders, how the how can you take care of refugees and illegals!!
please stand up for all human rights. Do not allow Jeff Sessions to become part of the Trump cabinet
it's not over. See you at O'Hare tonight?
Release a statement condemning the appointment of Steve Bannon to the security council.  #nobannon @IndivisibleChi
thank you Senator Durbin for speaking up.  We are desperate to hear a voice of reason from our elected officials.
what are you doing for the people of Illinois. Get to work #RESISTANCE
Don't just thank them Sen Durbin - FIGHT for what is right and decent.
As an Illinoian, I ask you please not vote to confirm Sessions due to his role in Trump's EOs.
I Hate Democrats period & all you stand for!!
Obama favored Muslim refugees over Christians. Look at the numbers. Did you care? No. #Libtard #bias
THANK YOU Senator and ACLU
yes absolutely. So what are you doing next??
Your Fired! We, the winners, do not want illegals in our USA! Trump for the people!
thank you both for your words and action.
ur weeping over refugees Over 50k homeless kids in Illinois Guess they don't matter U don't get a kick back 2 help them
.@SenatorDurbin @ACLU American soldiers are dying overseas fighting terrorism.Democrats spit on all soldiers by protesting safe borders here
our boys are doing some asskicking in Syria. There will be costs.
What is the Senate going to do? We are counting on you to stop this madness!
Muhammad was given "refuge" in Medina.

He killed his hosts and took the city.

Muslims know the strategy as the Hijra.
France has more than 700 "Medinas" commonly known as Muslim "No Go Zones".

French sovereignty is being challenged in France
you need to vote against everything this narcissist does. Resist
thank you Senator for standing up to Heil Trump!!!
I love Fox News Sunday, when you segment came on I flipped the channel, you do not speak for the families of Illinois.
where were you when Obama did same thing with Iraqi for 6 months#hypocrites
This is how the people resist. What is your plan to fight these threats to our country? Start representing me!
Customs Agents know who they work for 
http://ln.is/nypost.com/2017/01/2/C23Yx …
thank you for speaking up
Keep fighting for us. And thank you!!
Mr Durbin stop playing politics u know under the  federal Immigration law the president has the power to ban countries
This fight isn't over! Please push to end #MuslimBan
you need to start drafting legislative action to address, tweeting from the sidelines is insufficient. #DemAccountability
How many "refugees" are bunking with you and your family?
what does it take for Senator Durbin to pay attention to people in Illinois?

Now what do we do next about changes to the National Security Council?
What is wrong with you people. Did you not hear one thing from the election.
Proud to call you my Senator today.
you need to do everything you can to combat this ridiculous and disgusting behavior by the President.
yes resign. America does not agree with you
please stand up to this lunatic & his band of deplorables.
@marksch1969 @ACLU support ACLU! Donate, they're a force to be reckoned with. This isn't their 1st rodeo! It takes $$. Donate
Can you share what, if anything, is being planned in the Senate to battle these unconstitutional EOs??
Yes. The @ACLU did this. Not the Democrats. We need you to start taking action! --a constituent
How about those at ORD
These actions are against the,spirit of America. Fight this, fight this, fight this!
Where is Congress? Are Executive orders & Judicial action/reaction all we have now? How about some legislation?
and who is going to enforce this to the dictator called President? WHO? Tell us now! WHO? None have to date for all he did
I wish you showed this kind of passion for the people on the South Side of Chicago or Southern Illinois.
The ACLU is truly a national treasure. PLEASE let this convince you to adamantly RESIST every Trump action.
The ACLU only cares about civil liberties that advance their liberal agenda.
agreed! Now senator I would like to thank you for some action. When will I see it?
keep it  up on trump and am for the muslims
and i know you are too with tammy
are rock stars, couldn't be more proud tonight to be a card-carrying member. 
Thanks @ACLU !
It is clear that DT is #UnfitToLead Leader of Free World ceded to @JustinTrudeau Let's get it back. #Impeach
Dems must resist the unAmerican policies of the Trump admin. Daily messaging to inform,educate & organize the public
will you honor @ACLU- request a second hearing for Sessions, who reportedly advised on these exec ordrs?
I hope you'll be doing everything you can to help repeal this unconstitutional order, and protect America's core values.
now we need Democratic leadership in the Senate!
Now let's see some action out of you and yours. Us democrats feel abandoned. You can see it all over FB and twitter.
have you got the votes to overturn any of the executive orders?
Keep up the fight Senator, we support you!
.@SenatorDurbin COME ON! Time 2 put your gloves on & take them to the mat! Take. them. to. the. mat. #Trump breaking the law! #Stop .@ACLU
What are you doing to help your Repub colleagues see the harm Trump is doing to the U.S., her citizens, & the world?
Please VOTE AGAINST anything this madman presents.  oppose him on everything.
please start the impeachment process!
Don't be a victim, Dick, of their false narrative, much like the NAACP
Bravo!
impeach him already! Do something!!!
do not rest, Senator Durbin! Lots more work to do!
WHIP this shit into shape man.  Not ok 
#ISeeWhatYouDidThere
I knew you would #whipitgood 
The ACLU can't do everything! Where are the Democrats on this? Please do something.
YES! And dare I ask where are the republicans that are human enough to recognize that this is WRONG? @_hoffman @SenatorDurbin
We back Trump! Obama has turned the world upside down.
and @NILC_org
And, Sen. Durbin, can't wait to hear what you have planned next to pick up this fight in the Senate.
start standing up to Trump like they do-- vote against his nominations!
Seriously. Why is Gillibrand the only dem to have voted no on all of them so far? @Erin_Alexa_ @SenatorDurbin @ACLU
