How about we take care of our own first. Veterans, Legal Citizens, etc.. Novel thought, can't believe no one has thought of this yet
They are our own. Where is your empathy. Shall we ship your children off to a country where they have not lived, accustomed to our ways. No.
They are not 'our own'. My empathy is with the legal citizens of this country. Try that logic in another country and see where it gets you.
Congress doesn't do anything. They are a bunch of losers
You failed then and you fail now.  They will be deported and then it's on you
They have rejected it every time.  Good for them
Only the Idiot Durbin would be proud of legislation that hasn't passed in 16 years? Why not passed in 2009?
Lol girl keep me chuckling Dickie is such a loser
No need for the dream act! The United States immigration dept already has a PATH to Citizenship But these lazy asses don't want to follow it
Thank you, Senator. Keep fighting the good fight, and I'll keep voting for you.
Ur what's wrong with this country
How about a Dream Act for the poor children in IL. What about their Dreams?
@even they the dreamers give taxes for this children with out any beneficie
@cathymcmorris Don't forget you pledged to defend dreamers. This is your opportunity... or we'll see you in elections.
But you shouldn't be able to vote
It's time to IMPEACH Dick Durbin!!
Make the Dream Act law! Keep. Pushing congress to do it now Sen. Durbin.
Hey senator your re-election and collecting millions of donor dollars must have gotten in the way of you serving your constituents
@SenatorDurbin  thank you for you support with the money what the dreamers do you can help poor people in this country
it won't pass it does not follow the immigration laws and the constitution.
Thank you. I hope you can get cooperation and make this happen.
Please don't forget the parents of the Dreamers! #DreamAct
Proof your #DreamAct is a bad bill you couldn't get it passed in 2008-10 while the dems controlled everything.
If it hasn't passed in 16 years it must be a bad bill. Time for a rewrite and a compromise. Perhaps something on the wall.
16 years of torture
Stop, you dont represent IL. YOU ARE THE WORST. MY DREAM IS TO SEE YOU VOTED OFF THE FENCE YOU RIDE. YOU ARE PITIFUL.
16 yrs ago? Why wasnt it passed when you Demos were in control Dickie?
What about Americans who don't share your view about doling out citizenships to illegals.  You just assume you are the majority.
Senator.  Try to deal with problems in our cities and rural areas. That should keep you busy and helpful to Americans
It should have been done under Obama, but he was to caught up in trying to make a name for himself.
What happened 16 years ago? Why haven't you done anything since?
Cause he is an idiot
For 16 years you have wanted amnesty... We the people don't.
So you had 16 years to do something about immigration and you didn't do a thing. Jerk
Then why are the ass holes in Congress and a lot of other people blaming Pres. Trump. You say 16 yrs, that is outrageous performance..
Keep dreaming. Criminals get prosecuted.
Why hell yes dick. Let's make a law if you make it across border. And don't get caught. Your a citizen. Would you vote for that?
Black vote
Listen to all this immergrants bc when the dems r done with u their will b another big thing to come in and push ur vote out just like the
Nazis and Islam didn't want u to how do u think Islam became the nation of Islam it was a deal Farrakhan made a deal with the llk and nazis
Man that owned slaves hell Obamas fam.owed slaves o 1 more thing the Republicans it the ones that got the dems to let u vote bc the clan
Why has it taken 16 years to make this happen? That's te question you should be asking. I know it's trumps fault, but really?
WHITES and as far as the white man 1.3% of whites had slaves not all and one of the biggest plantation was in nc and it was owned by a black
Slaves then the south all blacks didn't come from Africa THEIR were native American blacks as well and blacks sold blacks like whites sold
Keep up the pressure! Thanks for your efforts!
The race card slaves stop with that to bc the dems still have u enslaved but the wade in the water slaves ya ab that the north had more
I wish i could have a DREAM ACT all of y'all be looking for a real job
Now days many blacks r millionaires all sports,docs hell Ben Carson separated twins, it talk show, movies ,music , politicians  so stop with
Democrat learn UR history stop asking for white ppl to give u their home get a job and buy UR own back in MLK days not many blacks had $$$$$
Blacks they support and fight for the dems agenda MALCOM X called u a fool and a race traitor o and for the being lazy movement Soros is a
Cheek but not starting violence  his dream were we will b judged by our actions not the color of our skin I and stand behind that o and the
NBPP isn't the same as the og panthers  MLK MALCOM X Rosa parks  these ppl mattered I don't agree with MLK always saying turn the other
Help not only black but their community  they didn't want black on black crime and if they was here they would wipe the floor with u and
Don't it the panthers stood for something and it wasn't only black power to the ppl they didn't say power to the blacks no they wanted to
Bc those statues want what was oppressing u walfare food stamps black history month u feeling like the world owes u damn that sounds stupid
Being lazy movement stop asking get a job learn UR history u get a month and u don't use it and Feb. Needs to b Feb. Not black history month
U have been around too long. Go away
Robbed some one they could lock u up look up free way ricky  the real Rick Ross not the punk a$$ rapper that was a prison co o and BLM
O the flip side of the coin if u wasn't a dealer that wanted u to become a addict were that could take u to jail for Possession or when u
Was for y'all they gave u drugs to sell when they get tired of u u go to jail not supprsing look at Saddam bin Laden iss Hitler & many more
Vote  it was also to tear homes apart bc y get married ull lose the money u go to work u lose the money o black guys go see what their plan
Brotheren the immigrant vote is the new black vote u think warfare and food stamps were free nonono history they gave that to enslave UR
U might use it for money laundering  or so they say it's bc they can't tax it but u better believe their working on that o BLM and my black
Card and pre paid cards o and crypto or "bit coin " ya their trying to outlaw Americans from getting them bc it's a untraceable currency and
If u have more then$10k with out the right form they seize it and take u to jail & that $10k don't have to b cash gold silver god damn gift
Paid off central bank they don't want no part of it their going to crypto and what does our government do well their trying to pass a law
Rockerfellers rothchilds morgan use to Goldman Sachs were we going to get our money from Russia hahaha no the DEMS f***ed that up plus they
6% debt they own of ours weres the money coming from now the federal reserve hahaha federal reserve is a privately owned bank owned by
Rothschilds r in along with Soros and more has already dropped over 60% of their bonds and pulled their USD out China wants to offload their
F*** up if u like the way our country is get ready for it to change bc we r what $18 trillion in debt  the khazarain mafia  which the
Money away when were in debt it's only a matter of time till we fall on our a$$ bc our money isn't backed by gold anymore America wake the
Some test if u came here legally this would not b a problem but I'm god damn sick in tired of the government pissing money away giving
Daca many come here r good ppl and their r some that's bad and if this is the only country u know y didn't u become a citizen it's $750 and
Any give time but what I am AGAINST is anything that can hurt or cripple my country we spend over $500 BILLION on illegals not including
Though we were sold in 1933 look I'm not racist sexiest homophobic or AGAINST immagrants  were i work I can hear 3 different Lang. Around me
He's made to b bc y would u keep ppl alive if u wanted them dead but how would u feel if u got sold out ... Ya it would pi$$ u off even
Learn history bc their was alot of jews in Germany  thriving the rape and murder was false at first but even in the end he wasn't the way
They stole ID's to work, they get free everything. I worked 2 - 8 hour jobs back to back, paid my own bills, my kids paid for college! 
I wonder y Hitler  turn the way he did i don't blame him and b4 some dumb a$$ call me a racist 4 saying that stop blowing snot bubbles and
Pork in a Muslims table at a farmers market he get charged with a hate crime
Thank you @SenatorDurbin I was a freshman in college and you gave me so much hope.  Thank you for your commitment 16yrs later!
Thanks for 16 years of failure? You're very generous!
I go rob a bank I'll b on the 10 o'clock news Politician can rob America not a eye lid is Batted a vet who caught for this county those
Senator Durbin, you are a beacon of what's right and good about America. Good luck getting the troglodytic republiClowns 2do the right thing
We know @senategop and @housegop care less about  POC/ undocumented ppl. If they cared it wud not take this long to do something so simple
@andrewdurbin the homie. what a guy
Country get to do what ever the fuck they want kick their a$$ out give them a nightmare for a change
Vote you out
See that bs y is it if a middle class or poverty class born America  can't break the law but a politician of someone from out side our
That's all you did in 16 years. What was net worth then and what is it now ?
Thank you, Senator! Keep fighting for us! (And watch out on the reemerging ACA repeal) #DefendDACA #SaveACA
How about granting citizenship to Dreamers? They are raised in USA, have been properly vetted. Do the right thing & most pragmatic.
I love that idea
And "WE THE PEOPLE" agree and also call on Congress to get this done!  It is the right thing to do.
Keep fighting, Senator!
.Can you attach this to a relief bill for victims of upcoming Irma so it has to pass & GOP can't vote against it?
That would be insane and criminal!
Why is it so hard to pass the Act? Or extend the immigration laws currently on record to DACA  recipients? Asylum? TPS?
because of the morons in washington
Why when it something most Americans believe in like the dreamers is it so hard it should have went into law 16 years ago
A lot of immigrants & their families have been living towards their own American dreams for more than 16 years.
Thank you Senator, this is a worthy fight!
You have been in Congress at least 16 yrs to long. I am sure the lobbysit_Spl Interest have your personal number.
Thank you, Senator! The Dreamers need to be protected
You are going to have to verbally beat them into submission.  Republican Congress people are my way or the highway neanderthals.
It is important to secure the border first.
#VoteThemOut #NoWallNoDaca
Doesn't sound too bad when you consider everything Republicans have just done recently....
