Yes, legal immigrants.
Also including #H4Dreamers in #DreamAct is the right thing to do for America. #Fairness4Legals⁠⁠⁠⁠
70 yrs backlog only solution is to pass #HR392 bipartisan bill to clear backlog.
ageing out students r selfdeported or paying out of state fees after 21 years.please include them in #DreamACT @RepKevinYoder
No it's not. It encourages more illegal aliens in our country, it disrespects legal immigrants, & undermines the US. How dare you.
Also @SenatorDurbin helps us with #H4Dreamers  and #HR392

Unfairness on legal immigrants what we did wrong?
We are a nation of laws that must be upheld no matter where you are from
Passing immigration reform which solves legal immigration is the right thing, children of legal immigrants are dreamers too.
I hope you consider S281 fair bill for people who follow law of land .
We are actually a NATION of AMERICAN CITIZENS!
We have not forgotten! #StrongerTogether #ForwardNotBack #PDMFNB #DefendDACA #DreamAct2017
Congress should help young legal high skilled immigrants too.!! #gcbacklog is not fair or any dreamer as well
This was in the southwest suburbs last night.
Then please speak out against Palos Twshp Trustee. Demand #ResignSharonBranniganNow
Including #H4Dreamers in the #DreamAct is the right thing do along with illegals. #Fairness4Legals
Please do the right thing with legal immigrants too
@SenatorDurbin -- We are indeed. Care to help legal immigrant kids at risk of deportation too? Go to https://siia.us  for more info.
It's the wrong thing. Rewarding people who break the law is unAmerican.
Democrats & Liberals are good at this type of advertising, and that's why people fall for it. Of course immigrants are welcome, but legally.
It was the Democrats & Liberals who opened the border flood gates, and now we are facing the illegals that are here.
From this, DREAMER's will support the Democratic Party, and lead to believe that Republicans are heartless when the opposite is true.
That applied for LEGAL citizenship into our Nation. NOT entering through a back door.
Immigrants not illegal immigrants who suck us dry
Legal immigrants Dick.
It sure is! We also want #universalhealthcare #MedicareForAll
You must not work. Want something for free.
Then why the HELL didn't it happen when Dems had supermajority+WH?  Y'all don't give a damn about #DREAMers, only political pts using them
Dream on. You just want the votes. The right thing to do for America is to stop the murdering of 1.6m babies each year and call it a choice
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard a grown man say. FOr one, Congress passes "acts"...how stupid do you have to be, to be a SEnator?
I would agree to many parts IF border security is addressed in the same bill.
We are a nation of immigrants, that become citizens according to our laws. Enforce the laws.
No we are not I was conceived and born in this soil. That make me an American. Stop with the bull shit
Agreed! All persons should pay taxes. Make everyone a American!!
so stay off TV and get to work! walk the talk!
We are a nation of legal immigrants! Who did it the right way! This is the only! Many still waiting bcuz of your lies! NO amnesty!
Phony Durbin had 8 eight Years to Pass the Dream but Preferred Obama's ILLEGAL & UNCONSTITUTION DACA Executive Order

Follow the law... law maker!?
@SenatorDurbin right on sir.  #DreamAct #Dreamers https://www.braveliberals.com/collections/trending-classics/products/the-inclusive …
Immigrants that became US citizens, worked hard to make a living and paid taxes.
Help 800,000 american citizens first
child of a LEGAL immigrant and  wife of the son of a LEGAL immigrant. nuff said!
Left out "LEGAL".  Common Core?
We are. People seem to forget that all the time. #DreamAct2017
The key word is LEGAL immigrants
No it is not
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump The Statue of Liberty, a gift f/our oldest ally, France represents LIBERTY, not ILLEGAL immigrants. End DACA. MAGA.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh care more about ILLEGALS then young American Citizens who MUST come first. NO to DACA.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh NO. We are a nation of AMERICAN citizens who built this country. DACA R ILLEGAL. U Care
Ought to change it to the Nightmare act. Would be more suitable considering what you politicians are doing to your country.
@SenateDems We are a nation of legal immigrants, not a lawless, illegal nation of thugs

Thank you for being a leader on this subject, Senator Durbin. I'm glad to be one of your constituents.
Amen!!!
There is legal immigration daca is illegal immigration and disrespects those immigrating property who have waited
We are a nation of LAWS & if one group gets rewarded for ignoring the law, then others will follow. Do you want a million Russian "kids"?
Take a stance.. Vote out all politicians that are not for the people but have their own agenda.

FTFY: We are a nation of legal immigrants.
Ellis Island is racist for demanding proper immigration.  BLOW UP ELLIS ISLAND. TEAR IT DOWN!  RACISSSSSSSM!
In order to be a nation, one must have LAWS, and BORDERS.  Otherwise, its just land.  ...Try to keep up.
It's who we are
On 9/11 with hurricanes and destruction here your talking about illegal trespassers instead of your CITIZENS! Your a disgrace to our country
Congress has had more than enough time to pass this legislation. Like everything else our elected officials can't agree on anything.
Then why didn't you guys do it when you had the chance 7 years ago? Hypocrites
make dreamers legal....get your citizenship and pay taxes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you!
Wrong. Their parents brought them here illegally.  No reward for knowingly breaking our laws. Too many waiting to enter legally.
We are a nation of LEGAL immigrants.  What part of that don't you understand?
we are a nation of citizens, if you got elected by immigrants and not citizens we got a whole lot of voter fraud going on
Change the name.Screw the dream act.Make it the AMERICAN ACT. America is not a dream. America is a affirmation of Justice by n 4 the people.
Time to call a Constitutional Convention.  Let us not have a Civil War. All arrivals after 1/1/12 must go stand in line. Dreamers only.

Getting illegals off our land is the right thing for America and Americans, don't be betrayed by sentiment and emotion.
Why haven't you publicly Declared ANTIFA a terrorist group like the DHS has done?
As is impeaching Donald Trump.
What happened 8 years ago dick why now get off ur ass and fix it
Passing the #dreamAct is the right thing for democrats. Voters for Dems
dumb dickie durbin------we are a country of LEGAL IMMIGRANTS
We are a nation of Citizens that immigrated here LEGALLY
Have you ever picked up a history book?
many why?
Then you would know that milions of people came here illigaly during the potatoe famen as well as the Holocaust. Not to mention the genocide
Ok people sneak in the country. Does that make them citizens of the United States?
You missed the point. We are a nation of immigrants regardless of the status. We would be where we are today without then.
You miss my point. A nation is its Citizens that have the right to vote. A bunch of immigrants are just guest visitors not a nation.
Remember when Hillary had that weird seizure last year on 9/11? That's why she lost. She's very sick.
