BREAKING: Attorneys: Trump administration says it will drop federal government's opposition to strict Texas voter ID law.
you obviously didn't take a moment to READ he requirements....try it...not that simple
troll btw you lie feign innocence while making it harder for people to vote
Thank you so much for calling for an independent commission to investigate Russian interference in the U.S. election.
where is the proof first and all.
lets not forget..innocent till proven guilty
You know it's bad when George Bush, Jr. is calling for an investigation into Russian ties to the President.
why..his brother ran against Trump..keep trouble coming
Jeb Bush is intelligent. Trump is not.
Not surprised since Jeff Sessions is a lifelong racist.  But are they trying to legalize racism??
@NickKristof how is being required to show an ID restricting voting rights? U must show 1 to buy alcohol, board a plane etc.
@ the poor, indigent, elderly don't board planes, dont need to show for alcohol, go to R movies.. and don't have one..
not too difficult to get an ID, I support the government even making ID free, gasp I know.
do the research.  In marginalized areas obstacles can be prohibiting. It is marginalized areas they want to suppress.
free is fine, that is only one obstacle.
of course he's engaging in voter suppression it's what  GOP does why not SAY THAT ?
Voting ID is about making it easy to vote and hard to cheat. I want to know my vote is protected, and would proudly show ID if required!
your absolutely right Ray Campbell
What e you doing about it? Where is independent commission? Waiting until democracy is totally destroyed?
too nice too coy not strong enough
Voting should be at Federal level with each having a photo ID. Oh maybe that means you would not be voted in.
@Endoraknows THIS IS ABOUT VOTET SUPPRESSION IN THE COMING ELECTIONS.
time for you to retire.
You've been in Senate since 1997. What have you really done for Il. except saying what you think people want to hear.
don't see how showing your ID to vote is attacking my voting rights, seems like common sense to me
if you have never been really poor you would not understand, how about a poll tax too?
as far as I know government issues ids are free
@AP this is so steve bannon. He is racist to the core
@Maggyw519 We get all this bad news daily but never hear who or what can be done about any of it? Like vote to protect taxes
stop it of course he's doing this that's what GOP does why are you being so coy ?
@sr_simone OMG!
as a veteran i have to show my  ID for everything especially for my veteran benefits ..no ID no benefits.
Requiring an ID to Vote doesn't take the right to vote away from anyone!!!
you know donny is following mein kampf start to finish.  ?  voter suppression helps donny and the gop.  ITS ALL RIGGED.
Poor Liberal Snowflake!! BOOHOO Clinton lost. Cry me a River and SQUEAL like a Liberal
That alone should be impeachable in a Democratic country, once Democratic country I mean.
HAHAHAHA....Crazy Liberal Snowflake.He won't get Impeached Thank God! It's your own dirty deeps that turned  on U
My conscience is clear since I voted my integrity and sent only that message. My vote went to who I always wanted.
but it was not intended to discriminate, according to new DOJ, yeah right
@joannaklonsky 

Can i drive without a license 

Or conceal carry without a permit

Ok then
@PrincessBravato Voter suppression is @GOP's oldest trick.
as a sitting senator, someone of power and influence, what are you doing to expand and protecting voter rights?
tax returns. Russia.
@PrincessBravato Republicans MO remains the same. So no surprise in Illinois 
@PrincessBravato but that's the only way Republicans can win, by lying and cheating. Sad!!
is this who you are bringing to joint address
you got the first part right, you are deeply disturbed.
@BDBoopster Disgusting! What else should we expect from a racist administration? #MAGA
I am clinging to the knowledge that any damage they do, we can undo. We fought this battle before, and won.
we can undo it, but it's impeding 6 years of progress. Voting Rights are a hot issue right now.
protecting the sanctity of voting without fraud should require all to be properly identified. Dems don't want voter ID, why?
@bow227 x1000
. No more illegals voting in Illinois please.
They know more people being able to vote = less votes for republicans. The world is not turning their way.
We all know the @GOP can't support voting rights if only bcs they can't win an election without gerrymandering & oppression.
#KeepGoingAfterThem #45IsUnhinged #Dump45
thinking there will be a federal law for voter ID when all is said and done
thank you Senator
No Senator  Secure Our Voting System From Frund. Its Long Over Due. You Need a Drive License To Drive Its Time For a Voter ID
yeah no shit, Sherlock.
listening to you on All In, THANK YOU! I'm so exhausted from being afraid of what Trump will do next.
@NickKristof   Vote Conservative! Vote early! Vote often!
@NickKristof amen. But if rights were part of their agenda, they wld not be doing any of the stuff that's going on.
Try working with President Trump. More people voted in Chicago than lives there. Look in your own back yard.
All Dems want to expand is voter rolls with illegal immigrants and loose enforcement laws.
yep he is going to die, by his own hands !!!!!
Securing the voting system by ensuring the ID of each voter is the opposite of weakening.
will you stop presenting a D/L for everything else? Deeply disturbed by your one sidedness
@NickKristof , drop the I.D. Requirements for everything then. You surely are disturbed!
we are counting on you to resist. We need you. Democracy is at stake.
Just watched you on Chris Hayes show. You made excellent points. Republicans are nefarious in their actions. Troubled times.
@NickKristof this is how they win elections.  Mess with the voting structure versus actually winning majorities.  So go vote!
@sddphoto oh come on...you didn't REALLY expect that from Sessions, did you?  This one is so totally GOPs style!
@AP @JamesComeyFBI @SenSchumer @RepCummings @CNN @DevinNunes @SenatorBurr Amer want HRC style invest on Russia.
@NickKristof A Sessions Special
Universal voter registration is the second best idea since single payer healthcare.
@TheAdvocateMag I had to show my I.D. to vote in California I thought all state you had to?
.@SenatorDurbin @NickKristof As advertised, the #worstadministrationinhistory is taking us back to the 50s; but, it's the 1850s.
@TheAdvocateMag Trump is a bully
NO you snowflake Liberals are. You are traitors by NOT supporting The President! TREASON is U
did you support everything Obama did?
Very not surprising.
@NickKristof "Deeply disturbed"? How bout some good, old fashioned outrage??
and how are YOU expanding and protecting voting rights?? Get to work!! #ProtectTheTruth
@stacy_friday sad now without national Dems help there be no way to flip blue they now have the stacked deck
we should be expanding and protecting life, but you see the unwanted unborn as not worthy.
@NickKristof the GOP has chosen to approach their demographic problem by choosing their voters. Gerrymandering part 2.
very interesting to an administration that lost the popular vote by 3 million voters.
@NickKristof you need a photo ID to see an R rated movie, should need one to vote also
@NickKristof then..democrats should not do things to upset the voting and the rights of our people who vote..
@Bricecollins76
Thank you, Senator. You're a good man.
The @TheDemocrats required Id's to vote on Saturday
Please do everything possible to protect voting rights! Thank you, Sen. Durbin . . . from an IL resident/voter.
Can we have a thorough voter suppression investigation so we have numbers to compare to WH fraud findings?
get lost durbin
Democratic way vote early and often. #draintheswamp
People can figure out a way to get welfare & EBT Cards. They sure as hell can get a voter's registration card.
Truth is, there aren't the unicorns out there that are disenfranchised without ID. They'd be trotted out if there were.
Sad state when they so blatantly admit to cheating to win.
Question, Senator, how do those who don't have ID to vote do many things in society requiring an ID?
DO SOMETHING WITH THIS GUY ALREADY - IT'S ALARMING
@DaShanneStokes Why is  this a surprise?
Voter ID confirming citizenship verifying voter registration is good going back to paper ballots eliminates most voter fraud
what is wrong making sure you have the right to vote? ID's are pretty well free.
...you misspelled 'ensure voter integrity'...#caring
Trying to keep the Latinos and other races from voting
What do you want Dick. Should we set up voting booths in Mexico so the illegals don't have to travel so far to vote
u do not want voter reg, u want open borders, but want the citizens to register for gun ownership?  #manufacturedmeltdown
@DavidHaroldFin2 fucking cheaters.   They need to be shown the door and all gop voters need to be shown the damn truth.
oh, we know the truth, #ChickenLittle Prty and #manufacturedmeltdown Prty are the drama queen liars
Where's the outrage from Dems about Nunes and Burr being pressured by Trump to downplay Russia Investigation? Scream it loud!



#ChickenLittle
adhering to rules for legal voting is NOT voter suppression.
@AP The opposition to this is only because Dems need the Illigal vote to win! India requires ID to vote per capita income low
deeply disturbed Dems are not proactive re: RUSSIA & IMPEACHMENT!
Is not requiring an ID to vote encouraging voter fraud?
This needs to be opposed at every level possible!
One needs an valid ID to board an airplane, to drive, to cash a check, to obtain medical services why not to vote?
They are protecting my voting rights by ensuring a fraudulent vote doesn't cancel it out. #YestovoterID 
@SenatorDurbin @IRivello @AP
they are not protecting anything, they are ensuring that the poor, indigent, and elderly don't vote.
That is ridiculous! Voter suppression and expanded gerrymandering ,in part, cost us the election.
#manufacturedmeltdown #ChickenLittle
U don't know who's n country, 44 called illegals citizens n interview, & continued 2 invite illegals 2 vote. Require ID now!
We are doing our part for #RESISTANCE What are the dems doing?
the Dems are doing nothing, The Opposition Party cannot produce solutions...to busy creating #manufacturedmeltdown
#Trump & his administration are AGAINST The People! THEY are the TRUE Enemy of The American People! PIGS!
#manufacturedmeltdown #ChickenLittle
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin. I am deeply concerned by the (unsurprising) steps this WH is taking to consolidate power & never let it go.
Exactly what we expected from a Trump DoJ
Thank you, Senator from #IL16.
What did anyone think would happen with Sessions at one helm? (and Helm etc still in the senate...)
Sounds a little LOOSEY GOOSEY to me!
GOOD AFTERNOON Mr SENATOR .
