
I'm going to say it. When Republicans knowingly kick 32M people off healthcare,  that's premeditated murder #HealthcareBill #11thHour
The doctors and medicine are still there, you dunce! But the government is not going to foot the bill if repeal.
Please don't call me a dunce. I know what cancer costs, and if there's no ACCESS to treatment, it's death. #BCRA stops access. Period.
Doctors can not deny treatment. Bills will pile up, but everyone still gets treated. IL isn't paying provider anyway, so claims are denied!
Lots of different scenarios. Payment plans, fund raiser, loans, write-offs, government assistance, bankruptcy, family funds... How about you
So why is Obamacare needed then? Your point, not mine.
You don't need to see it because you are going to vote no anyway. Who are trying to fool?
If you vote no to discuss healthcare you are the problem.  It should be discussed in the open.
Why are you addressing him with this?
Its a dictatorship & of course he has warned u all! He's going around like Hitler with his big rallies
If any one in government can not achieve goals then they must resign after 2 strikes and allow someone who can do some good for the people
I have breast cancer I need years of treatment chemo mastectomy follow up. Are you going to take away my life-saving Healthcare coverage?
HE'S not. @SenJohnMcCain @SenRandPauI are. Call them. Live. #GOPdeathspiral
He is voting too
Put us before party, please? Fix the ACA. Illinois can't afford to lose Medicaid expansion & ppl can't afford 2 lose subsidies. #ILTax2High
Doesn't matter, just vote no and preserve Obamacare.  But here's a marked up version of the bill.
Please @senatorDurbin, talk with John McCain & others; this is too important. Work on bi-partisan basis & amend ACA. @SenMajLdr show us bill
Dont let em do it, Dick
Please develop a strong, supportive plan (universal?) to add/ bring to the debate. It's not enough to  GOP --you can fix ACA, too! 
#SinglePayerNow
This needs to end now. Republicans are desperate to screw millions of Americans at any cost.
KILL THE BILL...NOT THE PEOPLE!
Did it really matter?  If it was a pile of dirt the gop would still vote as ordered by the Kremlin Con Don and Kremlin McConnell.
I am so embarrassed by our government, from the local level all the way DC
Health insurance NOT CARE
Can you begin to imagine what will happen 2ppl in IL if expansion & subsidies r taken away? Mandates gone? Do not repeal, please
And I'm sure if McConnell has his way you never will
McCain said the bill was a shell. I doubt it even has that.

Nothing has changed. You voted for Obama Care lockstep with all the other Socialists without ever seeing it!!! Your the party of obstruction
Why is an unreleased bill going to a vote? How is this proper? As Whip, can you at least rally @SenateDems all  against it? @DNC is a joke!
#SinglePayerNow
Damn right #SinglePayer NOW!
NO!!!!!!!!!!!! Please DO NOT take away our healthcare! It is the only insurance my family has and we have pre-existing conditions.
Why are you yelling at him instead of @SenJohnMcCain, @SenRandPauI? #Gopdeathspiral
Truly disgusting.
Get insurance companies out of health insurance and see what happens. Once that is done get them back at set costs.
WELL..ITS LIKE THE EMPERORS NEW CLOTHES..ONLY HIS DICK HEADS SEE IT
Actually, you were voting on a motion to proceed to debate, you lying sack of Democrat.
Why can't you @SenateDems  sabotage this by drowning it in amendments on the floor? Is this not allowed now?
Sadly a number if Republicans voted yes anyway.
50 51 it a very sad day we people have no say for healthcare but we have to wait for 2018 & 2020 that all we have
Yes
So why is Congress agreeing to vote! #GOP so complicit they'll vote bills they've never seen!  Don't even know what Bill they're voting on!
#GOPdeathspiral
@ChuckGrassley @joniernst @RodBlum Today will be the nails in Republicans coffin!
"We have to pass the bill to see what's in it" from a fellow dem on Obamacare
Lying communist- check this "22 million" claim with CBO. And do not mix welfare with health insurance
Why would you care? All you Dems do is vote no anyway!
#KillTheBill
It shows how broken the system is and how TOTALLY INCOMPETENT AND DUMB all the US Congress is - thanks for pointing that out!
@SenateMajLdr You are disgraceful McConnell
No end to @GOP's corrupt, despicable, and dishonorable tactics. #VoteThemOut #TheResistance
Funny everyone else knows it's a vote to discuss healthcare.  How come you are in the dark?
Because they shouldn't have to vote to see a bill! It set a precedent to move forward. It's a trick
There not voting to see a bill.  There voting to discuss options.
Please vote no!
He's a Dem - he's not the problem. @SenJohnMcCain and @SenRandPauI are enjoying healthcare while voting to take it away from us.
rally durbin - get out there and change a mind or 50
#SinglePayerNow
So refuse to vote on it!. Why do y'all sit around and let donald push you to move. stand up for the people instead of donald, or vote No!.
Trump GOP 2 abolish ACA Under animosity McConnell wants vote today & let u know on Tuesday what ingredients are in there ACA-TAX-Kill-BILL 
Why not form a bipartisan committee & investigate how other countries have universal healthcare that works. It's not rocket science!
Do you know the difference between health care and health insurance??? Do you know there is a difference???
Of course he does. You can't get care without insurance. This bill removes ability to get insurance for 32m ppl.
And with the ACA you can't get Heath care because deductibles are so high but you're still paying a huge premium and have to pay for others
So vote against it.
Sigh. He's a Dem. His vote doesn't help. Call @SenJohnMcCain @SenRandPauI .
It does come down to a few Rs voting 'No' but every Dem vote counts. It's unconscionable what McConnell's doing. He needs to be censured.
Keep spewing your fear mongering tweets senator. The same thing happened about 10 years ago. "We have to pass to see what's in it" remember?
Hmmm the same can be said to you.
What has our country come to? Something has to be done about this.
No conscience Congress

Thank you Senator Durbin for voting No.
Smh.
None of you should vote on a bill you haven't seen.
Travesty
Then WHY WHY WHY would you Senators put up with this shit?
And congrats @SenateGOP u passed something to hurt people to get a cheap win. You should be ashamed. Glad to say I'm an Ex-Republican.
I'm afraid that the Republicans are going to snake this bill through! No one even knows what it is! This is so frustrating.
Aw come on Dick...  You have to vote for it before you find out what's in it!  Be a sport!
Trumpcare is Deathcare!
One more sad day in the USA! #Resist #persist
Please @SenatorDurbin VOTE NO! I will lose my insurance for having a pre-existing condition, after having a Kidney transplant 9 years ago.
Details details
Then.... shouldn't you vote No?
Nope and won't!
. But you voted for it anyway.  Way to go.  Sure hope your constituents don't get sick.
So Senator Dick.....how did YOU vote today
Please use your skills as a debater to present the importance of access to healthcare for all
Yet u somehow seem to know how many ppl will lose care?
Where's the legislation to make voting on an unread by all bill illegal?
don't vote!
I wonder, are you on obamacare?  Didn't think so.
Thanks for holding strong. So disappointed in your colleagues. So disheartened by our government these days.
You have to pass the bill to see what's in the bill.
I want a law giving 48 hours 2 the senate/house 2 look over the purposed bill before voting on it. This is why we vote them in. #DoYourJob
and you lie again again.    Vote was to start debate, come up a decent lie
Good plan.  Looks like our leaders are as lane as our POS POTUS. They'll need subsidized health care after losimg.their jobs in next elect.

THEN YOUR VOTE MUST BE NO!! You don't have enough info to approve this!! Any 6yr old knows you don't vote for what you don't know!!
What is in it they are afraid to show
Unacceptable
The Senate failed us all.
Sound familiar? @realDonaldTrump is playin #4dChess #Awareness #Reminder
Healthcare can't bankrupt USA...healthy people need 2 work 2 get Healthcare. Dems want government 2 give out Healthcare free.  All able pay.
"We have to pass the bill (Obamacare) so you can find out what's in it." - Nancy Pelosi, 2010
Please don't let them hurt the seniors, people with disabilities, minority's and the working class people who can't catch a break !!
Funny, I thought it was a vote to discuss a Healthcare Bill.
That sounds like the same situation when Obamacare was launch Senator Durbin you guys didn't know crap about the bill-yet u destroyed my ins
I would guess that the president hasn't either.
Nothing Dodgy about that! Right? 
#KILLBILL
A rush to judgement is usually a bad decision, Sadly  Americans Know well about the Huge Tax Cuts for the Rich attached to this Bill !
Don't vote YES!! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP  #Resist
Then why did anyone vote for it?? It's insanity
I called your office this AM so thank you for keeping your promise & supporting the folks of IL. It's been a bitter & raw day.
Why? That is what happened when you passed the bill originally! When will Congress stop with Party Politics and work for the good of all!?
Look at these comments and the crazy you're stirring up. What is wrong with you?!? You people are voting to talk about a bill, not the bill.
Seriously? The bill is goi g to be voted on in 5 hours? With no visibility? No understanding of impacts? No clarity on what it even is??
I thought this vote was to decide if you would debate the bill. Man up, you're from Illions, not a namby pamby drama queen like  Schumer.
I still don't get it. How do u vote on something without knowing what it's about. How is this acceptable 2 our democracy? 
And we were once again let down by our representatives
So very sad that people don't care about the people like they say they do because they wouldn't pass a bill that they Never Seen
Do not be a Dick.
Then shouldn't your vote be "no"?
What in tarnation
Then the only sensible democratic thing to do is to vote against it and urge all your colleagues to do the same
How is that lawful,?
Thank God for you Tammy Duckworth and all Democrats.   Now will enough republicans do the right thing?
And the GOP votes anyway.
Because that wasn't the vote! You voted on opening debate.
Vote no !
Shameful! What is wrong with the GOP??
Its done and you and your Dem colleagues allowed it to happen. You will not be forgiven. Entire Congress should be thrown out of office.
The evil men do lives long after them...
What is going on? This is not the country I grew up in respecting our process. You've all just proven its bullshit #SaveACA fire #crookedGOP
Thank you for standing for the people of America. 
#MedicareForAll
Actually this is a procedural vote. Thanks for putting out false information. You are an embarrassment to your state
If you vote for that blind bill all of you need to go home and stay. You do not have to please that.. ........
OMGGGG #PURGINGAMERICA #DIRTYPRESIDENT #REPUBLICANDEATHPARTY
Vote no. Make sure you vote NO.
Isn't that what you did to Republicans?
Walk out forgodsaakes!  Everybody get a chronic migraine and go home! Shut this thing down!
unfortunately they are too focused on wrecking lives to do the right thing. #deathcare indeed.
Thank you so much for your work on lowering drug prices, Senator! https://www.durbin.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/durbin-joins-milestone-effort-to-bring-down-prescription-drug-prices …
Shame on you for writing a healthcare bill that you exempted yourself and your staff from because it was so bad.
Then dont vote yes!!!!
I stand aghast how the GOP continually follows blindly their leadership owned by billionaires to the detriment of the American people.
It is beyond me how those R Senators can vote for something they have not seen. Shame on them.
I'm sure you will vote NO, thank you.
TRUMPCARE MEANS DEATH TO MILLIONS OF AMERICANS!!!!
Sir this is madness. This country is in a downward spiral from Trump and Mc Connell. Is there no reason here or are you powerless to stop it
Thank you for your opposition Sen. Durbin!
Please do something to stop this madness!!
That is reprehensible of the Republicans.
Kind of like voting a bill into law so we can see what it says.  Wasn't that your Rhodes Scholar Pelosi's comment.
Pls sir don't take my healthcare I have a heart condition and my husband is disabled! My granddaughter is autistic and relies on Medicaid!
If you haven't seen it... vote NO!
Pathetic.
Sounds about right. Gross Old Party only cares about money and power. Screw the working man. Tax cuts for the wealthy.
this is disgraceful @GOP
Then it's illigal to Vote on such a Bill until you see it & read it then Investigate the Bills outcome what it will do & who it will affect
Then there shouldn't be a VOTE.
Mitch McConnell is doing one of the most anti-democratic things in the history of the Senate. He is as authoritarian as Donald Trump is.
If they real it we WILL vote them OUT
That is because there will be no more penalties. Dems voted Obama Care . Cadillac healthcare instead of what was financially supportable.
SO DON'T VOTE ON IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Insanity. This is my life we're talking about!
Senator please put it out . You fellows need to hear from us.
So vote no and quit bitching. Better yet go punch McConnell in the nuts and tell him to smarten up.
The bill needs to be out for the public to read.
And you still don't think this is a dictatorship !!!!!!wtf
"You have to vote for it to see what's in it"
NONSENSE!!
JUST SAY NO!!
This is insanity
Why should you care if you've seen it? Didn't matter for #ACA
Let's see seven years ago Nancy Pelosi said "we have to pass this bill to see what's in it" in reference to the ACA.
Not a good way of doing your job
This is completely unacceptable! Democrats YOU better fight hard!!!!
You passed Obamacare without anyone seeing it -- now REPEAL it without anyone seeing it.  No replace, just repeal.
Shame on them
Counting on you and Tammy to watch out for us. Husband and I have NO insurance now. IL mrktplc last yr made us owe IRS $2500!
Vote NO!
Again?!
.Doesn't matter because your vote won't make a difference...either they have the Repub. numbers to do it, or they don't...
Bring out the facts. Hold GOP accountable. Make sure to stay strong. Tell Americans what's happening.
if you haven't seen the bill you have to vote no
If the Dems have any art of persuasion over moderate GOP, please use it.  We're doing whatever we can outside the Beltway
Vote NO
This is f--ed up!
How long must we be subjected to this homegrown terror taking away our healthcare.  Every week, it's just constantly terrorizing us! SICK
God help us all!! This has been the scariest presidency I have seen in 63 years!
If you repeal, consider yourselves murderers.
So glad you are my Senator.
Pretty sure you haven't "earned" any viewing from our @POTUS 
Disloyal people reap what they sow
YES, repeal anything that resembles single payer. Leave the socialism in Europe and Canada.
.@SenJohnMcCain @SenRandPauI I urge you to vote against this anti-American healthcare bill. We can't afford to have millions lose coverage.
This is dispicable behavior by the @SenateGOP #NoRepealNoReplace No way to govern @GOP, you agenda is to RULE the American people. Gross!
I know I can count on you and @SenDuckworth to vote against this anti-American effort.
Please go on the news and make sure IL ppl and all Americans know what the GOP is doing.
Talk with anyone left who is not swept up in GOP power grab...HELP US!!
Be creative!  Repeal the MONSTROSITY that is Obamacare. AND protect the people. Good LORD, man.
So vote NO!
Not right at all!!  Voting blind is beyond ridiculous!!!
Then vote no
That's bull$/-/!+ This is a huge law that will affect us all. We deserve to see, offer our opinions and have it debated at the very least!
#KillTheBill !!!
