America is a nation of LAWS, Sir... it is un-American for you to try and pick/choose which ones you will follow!
And to you Sir or Madam what are laws if they are unjust
If you find a law to be unjust then work to change it... but there is no legal authority in the Constitution to ignore it or break it.
Wow, some people just dnt understand how laws are made I guess Slickery. CK needs a civics lesson
Yup. It's especially shocking when a sitting US Senator doesn't understand how Govt is supposed to work.
He is praying on those who do not understand the process.... and there r plenty of those unfortunately
Yup... it's what the Democrat Party does.
Citizens First

That's what so great about being a citizen. You have that right. Feel free to exercise it in your neighborhood.
So, you're a big supporter of burning the American flag, I guess.
Big supporter of the Constitution. Typical liberal thinking Mr Mayor. I'm sure you would be the first to complain if 45 banned flag burning.
Got it - against flag burning, but all for aid/comfort to the enemy via Nazi sympathizing. You just spit on the Greatest Generation, #MAGAT
You can tell you're a #MAGAT because you hide behind a fake profile & hide your face. You're a disgrace. Go back to Russia, traitor.
No one is stopping them from being here.Just do your damned job as a member of Congress and stop talking. Go to work and fix it!!
He is a Senator. Do your job and pass 7th grade civics.
I know he is a Senator. Both the Senate and the House of Representatives make up Congress. Maybe you need the civics lesson!
Same for #H4Dreamers. It is also un-American to tear them away. #Fairness4Legals
I support your efforts Senator Durbin. Keep fighting for the Dreamers.
20T debt Broken VA Poor infrastructure High taxes, less freedoms FOR US CITIZENS and you want him to work for ILLEGALS? WHY ?
The pie is big enough to share with everyone.
Thank you for your compassion 
Its un ethical to disseminate the truth to stupid people.  If you really care, enact legislation to give away America!
And its because of the goverment that there in this position, OH THAT MEANS YOU MR. DURBIN. Stop thinking your a smart congressmen. go away.
Thank you! I've lived here since I was 3 & have never been back to Guatemala. My whole life is here & it's a good life that I've worked for
Worked for?  Get in line behind people who are legally pursuing citizenship!
Yes and Let's be clear: Donald Trump is  unAmerican! Are we surprised he wld make such a decision?!? I didn't think so!
you are unamerican, Trump is the most american president we have had in years. You on the other hand are the worst, YOU DONT OBEY OUR LAWS.
I understand but, it needs to happen under law and not executive order.
Nope not at all deport them they broke the law when they came into this country they are criminals
Dreamers are taking jobs from Americans and they are law breakers.
I can't believe how you think it's ok for illegals to stay and provide them better care than our vets.
No one is providing dreamers any care right now. Certainly not better than our veterans. But they grew up here and haven't broken any laws.
Yes they are here illegally!
Let's be clear, not all Dreamers came here as children not knowing their origen.
Let's be clear senator: our military doesn't fight for illegals in OUR country to stay here without gaining there citizenship.
Blablabla

Dicky has called for arrest of all  DACA illegal aliens parents+charging  them with human trafficking +immediate & permanent deportation?
What is UN-AMERICAN is for them to come here and be brought here ILLEGALLY!
Stop delaying @senorrinhatch pass #DreamAct now
@ChuckGrassley stop delaying and pass #DreamAct now
@SenTedCruz stop delaying and pass #DreamAct
Take them in your home 
That's a lie. They are citizens of another country. Go home illegal aliens!! #DEPORT #Nodreamact
You need to be charged criminally as you violating your Oath of Office you swore, to uphold the laws of the USA.
YOU ARE A TRAITOR.
Now let's be clear, Senator American Citizens dreams come 1st. Illegal Alien DACA 0-37yr aren't citizens, have NO US rights, deported them
Let's be clear. They are #illegalaliens. It is un-American to put them before #American citizens.
It's UNAMERICAN to turn your back on your fellow Americans who gave their lives up at the hands of illegal aliens. EOW 5/12/2014
Visit my son's grave and tell him that. He's separated FOREVER from his family
So sorry for your loss. Whatever happens with this, Dreamer criminals as well as any illegals who commit crime, must go. Not negotiable.
I'm serious about this! I'm wondering what amount of time for the Dreamers, first time I hear of them is now, ALSO the STILL SLEEPING B4 Y?
Your such a Dick Mr Durbin
Sold us out for money and power
Washington is a cesspool that needs cleaning out 
Failed government
Tyranny
The same "dreamers" that wave the Mexican flag on US streets protesting while shouting "Fuck America." Those "Dreamers" Dick?
No its not Dick.  It's the LAW.  Y don't you try upholding it once in a while.  Or do you not see the mandate of America is against you?
We should let thier parents explain it to them.. I have done no wrong here.
If parent robs bank do kids keep $? They had no part in THE CRIME! Start sticking up for the ppl that put u there...Americans!
It's YOUR job to do something about it, not POTUS's! The exec order was illegal...PERIOD!
#DurbinTheDouche
Actually, it's criminally Un-American to keep them, under current law. Get off your hobby horse, Senator. Legislate tax reform & healthcare.
let's be clear DICK, it's for the votes!!!!!
How about taking care of the legal citizens first as hole what an idiot glad I did not vote for you
Just so we are clear "DICK"
Let's not forget the victims of these illegals !! Americans killed by your poor illegals!! You worry more for the illegals then Americans
What abt our American dreamers that have fought bleed and died paid taxes and worked hard this anti American stuff has to stop America first
Well then, pass a law instead of relying on an unconstitutional executive order.  #passalaw
It's not their only home and they can go back with Mommy and Daddy when they are DEPORTED.
Let's be clear: Dreamers are children of American citizens whose educations and some communities are now 3rd World status due to illegals.
Dreamers' parents are Illegal Aliens, opting to suck the life from America rather than attain legal dtatus. Get legal or go home.
Durbin is just another treasonous Dem who sold his soul to the muslim antichrist, like all Dems/Libs.
What's un-American is to put people in front of those waiting in line for yrs. Parents often move to foreign countries for work. Kids adapt.
It was un-American for Obama to promise something that wasn't his to give.  Stop kissing B. O. backside, be a man and stand up for the law!
Bullshit. They're Trespassing Foreign Nationals stressing our Social Welfare System. My Kids have Dreams 2 @TheDemocrats  Destroy theirs.
But have they applied for citizenship during their stay?
When they turned 18, they should've returned home and applied.
Man after my own ideals!
#SenatorDickDurbin You should read the #USConstitution that you #swore to uphold.  IT ISN'T unAmerican to want #NONAMERICANS out of the USA!
I'm American and don't agree
Let's be real clear here; you just drained yourself. Next election you're out, guaranteed!
The fact remains either the #Dreamers or their parent broke the law to be in this Country & we are a National of laws. #BorderSecurity
Senator Durbin, You are wrong. All dreamers speak their parents language and have their culture as well.
Yeah but Rs can't afford to throw em out so don't play ur hand on this! Be smart! Make T pull it back!
Likewise corrupt politicians only home is in the Capitol and it is un-American to tear them away from it.
DACA is humane. I honor your commitment to doing right by people. DACA kids are contributing to America. Sorry so many have no heart.
It was un-American to let them in, and un-American to subvert the Constitution to keep them here, but that's what you are all about Senator
Let's be clear:  ITS ILLEGAL
When two US citizen parents are caught in a crime, do we ignore the crime to avoid sending their kids away from the only home they've known?
Or do we enforce the law and send their children to foster care as a consequence of the patents' crimes?
It's also un-American 2 deny undocuppl like me quality mental healthcare for my PTSD. #Medicare4All includes it. Cosign now!!
If you came to the USA illegally, you need to go home and make those demands of your own country, government, fellow citizens.
Dick! DACA are taking 800,000 jobs impoverished Americans need. That's the shame of this. Treating illegals better- Americans. It's the law!
If this is so, then Obama shld have cemented this bill thru congress instead of a temporary fix. Where's the priority in that ?
Families should be together in their country of origin unless legally emigrated. The rule of law is a pillar of democracy.
That is not our fault. That is the fault of illegal parents who dumped them and stay as illegals. And since it doesn't affect u, shut up
Then get out of our country and run for Senate in Mexico. Anti-American senators got to go! #daca
Ok... but what about #MedicareforAll ?
So stop talking and do something about it. It is democrats fault they are in this position
It is un-American to ignore our laws, and to encourage (even reward) those who break our laws. You don't deserve to be in the Senate.
What about Americans who pay the cost of illegal's kid's dreams? Didn't u take an oath to uphold the CONSTITUTION? U work 4 us not them
It is unAmerican to undermine your own country so you can use illegal aliens as a political football. #BuildTheWall #MAGA #EndDACA
Let's be clear stop with these dreamer stuff and get working on tax reform, healthcare that affect Americans.
DACA is "Differed Action.." and illegal. DO YOUR JOB. Pass a law and make them legal. Don't just whine and complain!!
If not for Trump's action this would never be resolved, now Congress has to do their jobs . Think before accepting this dribble from Durbin.
Sowhy didn't he do anything about it for 5 yrs when he could or in 09 when Obama could have in congress?So now it's Trump pushing resolution
Bullsh*t! They need to follow our laws nobody gets a pass do it the right way like the others who did. Get at the back of the line!!!
Agreed. It is also un-American to not support a bill that would give equal health care to ALL AMERICANS. #MedicareForAll
Let's be really really really clear. They broke the law and will never be citizens.
MY home 2 Dick & I'm tired of seeing it torn apart by ppl who have no regard 4 law & order Make me a sanctuary City 4 tax evasion-we'll talk
Calling Americans un American over Obamas illegal Dreamer action ...you never stopped his UN-AMERICAN ACTIONS ...EVER!
What about the parents who brought them here illegally? Should they be deported under our laws?
deported why ? cause they brought their kids here to give them a better life ? deport the criminals not hardworking people .
Then get your ass in gear Senator. We can't make illegal people legal through an illegal executive order. Makes sense!
I see you are for furnishing illegals with free housing free education over American citizens using tax dollars that could educate our own!
I have sympathy for Dreamers but we can't let illegal entry and squatters be above law. Doesn't work for my house or country 
Dems held the WH, Senate & House and did nothing.
It's un-American to allow illegals to take what rightfully belongs to American citizens. It's un-American to flood us with anchor babies
They are here by illegal means. If you don't like it, change law. However, blanket amnesty not the way. Not fair to those here legally.
#justiceformichaelbrandel anything less is un-American cops getting away with torture is un American vermilion county IL corruption
#justiceformichaelbrandel vermilion county Illinois him many citizens must be tortured before this cop is accountable for his actions
How many edit
Rule of law first!!!! Apply for citizenship, go through process or GO HOME
1)It's un-American to break our laws, which is what they are doing. They are here illegally. Can't make exceptions. Hundreds of thousands-
2)-of immigrants have gone through the system legally. It's completely unfair to them. Besides, these Dreamers have an advantage over-
3)-normal immigrants. They've lived here for a very long time, have our money and our education. If they're smart, they'll file for-
4)-citizenship and pass the tests very easily. They could have saved the money needed for this from the American jobs they've received.
Have they applied?  If they made the effort and meet the requirements then it should happen, but if they haven't and their just lazy - NO
You were elected to serve Americans sir, not Foriegn nationals.
Divider Dick...It is unAmerican to come here illegally. My family including children immigrated here legally. Your Dream Act sucks!
We used to call dreamers innovators, authors, Nobel scientists, playwrites etc.  To suddenly say with the same word, you are not American?
Let's be Clear, My Children use to be Dreamers until you Corrupt Politicians. #VoteThemAllOut
Lets be clear Dick! They are all illegal trespassers! Cut DACA, and send the whole lot back home! You do understand trespassing law right?
Quit playing stupid. Yes or no. Do u support medicare for all?
They are here against the law you corrupt asshole
Implement the fair tax, get rid of income tax, make citizenship easier for non violent, and compotent people...just solved your problem.
It's a pity you've always been a follower or else u cd have warned Obama his ExO was placing them at risk-they needed a law to protect them!
I was asked to drive a friend to the bank then I drove him home, thats all, I did not know he robbed and shot a man, Why am I punished?
Hard truth-they are squatters & American citizens are property owners. We have rights-they do not.
Then do your job and make it a law.  Protect them.  The president has put it in your hands.
Yeah, that's incorrect. Maybe you should reread your oath.
You are a legislator, you must understand king obama broke our laws. It was unconstitutional and illegal. Take emotion out, can u see now.
We all know 800,000 Dem votes is more important than following the law.
That can not be true these are children we are talking about remember? They do not vote or pay taxes...
Mostly 20-30 year olds.
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting for the Dreamers. They are as American as my own kids!
SO you came across ILLEGALLY an UNSECURED BORDER from a foreign country into the USA and gave birth to children here? US CITZ FIRST PERIOD
To be clear, your state is run by democrats and is insolvent, careening towards bankruptcy. You have zero economic credibility & voters know
Merkel is a traitor but this is a bot account paid for by globalist establishment shills. Freedom will prevail!
