And it would result in a $280 billion reduction in economic growth over 10 years.

Why
Think about it
Lefties couldn't give two shits about the rule of Law. They have been brainwashed and their biggest fault is their inability to admit the policies they have backed in the past are nothing but a failure.
The Democratic Party policies haven't failed. The liberals in America are following the same path as the hard left in Europe. Use open borders, 3rd world invasion, and welfare programs to buy votes for their party. Your vote is cancelled out by non-Americans as they scream racist
Yes, agreed. They have been successful hijacking our education system and governmental positions. The failure I was speaking of are that the Left policies eventually bring misery to everyone.
Here's DACA calling for "bloody revolution"  How much will that cost us @SenatorDurbin?   #nodaca #noamnesty

Never believe a Socialist.
Cato? Color me surprised.
CATO is the major libertarian think tank. They usually side with Republicans.
Yep.
If that's what the Cato Institute found, I guarantee, the cost will be greater.
What will it cost to keep them over the next 10 years
Finally, government money well spent
It will cost 100 billion to keep them so...
Liberal math . Jethro Bodine could cypher better than Dick.
You forgot to subtract what it will cost to keep them
No, that amount is net difference including costs and gains.
I can deport them for free

Jail anyone giving them jobs or renting them homes

They will deport themselves
The cost is from loss of contribution to the economy.
I'm waiting for the VA to decide my eight year old claim!

IF ONLY I WAS AN UNDOCUMENTED VETERAN!!!
Worth every penny!  By the way, I gon't trust your numbers -- or theirs.
More false information by a known liar and dissemination expert.
Deport these Illegal welfare cases
Starting with @FLOTUS
Try reading a dictionary.  Maybe then you will learn the definition of illegal.  Just because you don't like an election result...Childish
Show me proof.
Blah blah blah dick!
trending this morning Vicious sucker punch caught on video in Texas he was a dreamer and we should keep these people what if it was your kid
Make Vladimir Putin pay for it AND the friggin' wall. And Trump's defense attorney's. And Trump's cabinet members' private jets.
You forget to mention how much it will save America by lowering the cost of Education, Health Care, SS Benefits that they did NOT pay into,,
Does @GOP view this as a fiscally responsible use of tax dollars? We would gain tax revenue from the DACA recipients if they resided here.
Ok.  Begin deporting.
Does the law really matter to any of you liberals? Do you ever consider the good of US Citizen Dreamers? Our children have Dreams..too
And how much have DACA( so called Dreamers) cost tax payers? Education, College Grants,Medical Care, Food Stamps( for their illegal parents)
@SenatorDurbin How about paying attention to the plight of #LegaLImmigrants waiting in line for more than a decade while paying taxes?????
As opposed to saving how much over the next decade by deporting them
How much $$ does it cost the Citizens/Taxpayers to socially care for them every year
@David_J_Bier senator, there are 1.5m immigrants stuck in the green card backlog.please don't ignore them.#HR392 #S281
Ok, I’m in
Republicans don't apply altruist history as precedent they apply only Robert E Lee precedent even despite Gettysburg
Yes, so, I guess we shouldn't do it.
Apparently we're happy to donate our health care to this noble cause. FFS...
So it will cost over 1mil to deport 1 illegal hahaha  your # are a joke Just ANOTHER LIE
How much is cost of keeping Illegals here ?  You will not tell the truth
Probably spending more 4 adds ur running than 2ship illegals back where they came from! I forgot why ur working so hard 2keep them here 
Who funds Cato? Never Trumpers/global business interests?
It will look different on Fox. Saw today that the president's tax cut would cost a little over 2 billion. Think they missed a few zeros.
And you sir are so rightly named
Money doesn't even matter anymore.  Nikki Haley voted for death sentences for LGBT people and a guy in Las Vegas shot 600 people.
What a waste of money just to show Americans how much hate and lack of compassion you have..Trump is disgusting and vile
Will cost A LOT MORE to keep them here.  Bye Felicia.
#JesusCampos
Ya see what happens when jerks like YOU, members of the congress of the united states, willfully violate the constitution & your oath? It comes with a cost!
$6B a year is chump change in the federal budget.
And what amount did Obama rack up when he was in on illegals and illegal gun running?!?
Which doesn’t include the price of The American Great Wall....
And - save $1 trillion in public benefits to illegals.
All that education & potential shipped out of the USA. Shame on us.
#EndDACA
Good that would save us money and having to pay for them to stay here
Wow! That's a lot cheaper than the appx 132 billion it was going to cost us to keep it!
What an astounding waste of money, time and talent!
Those must be first class ticket prices. Let's try @travelocity next!
And the costs of keeping them and next of kin???
Retire!
Or pay for all the other illegals that find this loop hole that Obama allowed and use it for even more
Then keeping DACA would cost us 120 Billion with the new flood of Illegal Immigration.
you worring about $60 billion over a decade while you voted $700 billion defense spending just for 2018?
sorry,  I meant the  offense department , the Pentagon.
How can less spending "cost" us?
Good money is put to a great cause.
Time for Congress to do their job. #DreamActNow
Illegals cost 135 billion per year
Ok so pass a law!
They broke  the law.
Illegal immigration costs us $113 billion.  https://fairus.org/issue/publications-resources/fiscal-burden-illegal-immigration-united-states-taxpayers …
That's 6 billion a yr costs us more than that in welfare for them, one way or another
We’ve got to stop this...for so many reasons! TY, Senator Durbin, keep fighting!
#KeepOurDreamersDACA
Not to mention the soul of your country, Sir.
Cato is a left wing group that supports everything the Progs come up with. Illegals cost is billions every year and subvert our Republic.
Illegal Aliens cost us $134.9 billion every year and they only pay in $18.9 billion in taxes. They're draining us dry. Send 'em back.
There are 6M jobs available right now. Stop complaining there are no jobs for you. Get the skills u need to be employed. Stop blaming #DACA
Why aren't #DACA felons in prison yet? Everyone incl IRS and Congress knows that 43.9% worked illegally via identity theft & forgeries.
The discourse in our country has completely stopped. I fear a police state in next ten years. Dems/facts are constantly suppressed
It's insane to me that Trump ppl wld rather let the ppl who put us into a recession make laws based on bunk science than listen to an expert
Or we can let them stay and continue to contribute tonour society and pay taxes.
that's less than the $135 billon we spend to keep them here. So you must be arguing for deportation
Let Trump Pay for it
We'll be glad to pay it! Send them home!
Have you found a study on how much it costs to keep illegals in this country?
What do you care??---it is someone else"s money
That is nonsense.
Money well spent
Fellow open borders advocate!!
Entirely unacceptable. No not that. But that Democrats support this 
The Total Fiscal Cost Of Illegal Immigration Is A Staggering $135 Billion, Report Says http://bit.ly/2wZZtCA  via @dailycaller @hwillracke
Well gosh darn we need more illegal immigrants then.
They cost $135bil per yr, minus $19bil they put in cost us $116bil per yr. great deal.Ship em back. Help inner city poor get to middle class
This is why CATO has a limited audience!  I'm largely libertarian but national sovereignty is important.
It would be cheaper to deport Tramp and his supporters and this would be a win for everyone.   Make America Trumpless
Ooh.. let's rock that. #MakeAmericaTrumpless
We would save 160 billion a year if all illegals leave now.  Sounds like a winner paying only 60 billion
Is that before deducting welfare, school, medical, social costs? Probably a wash if you took the cost into consideration.
Want to get a Democrat leader interested in the budget?

Tell him about the $$ upside in killing babies or selling our sovereignty
Cheaper than 130 billions per year they cost the taxpayers already.
I recommend that you consider policy ideas from Cato more often...much more often.
$17 Billion dollars a year is spent for Education for the American-born Children of illegal immigrants, known as Anchor babies.
BUT! $12 Billion dollars a year is spent on Primary and secondary school education for children here illegally and they can'tspeak English
How many billions will it cost if they stay?
For Congress doing the right thing.  But how does $60B over a decade compare to $55B cost annually ($550 Billion,decade) in your assessment?
*All illegal immigrants  "...impose a net fiscal burden of around $54.5 billion per year."
Which is a lot less than having them here
Important point, important people.
Surely that won't happen, right?
Unless someone revives DACA
Do it dickie
That bastion of non partisan research CATO = zero credibility
In other words......lets trash the law, it just costs too much.
Bargain. Hate knows no value.
Who said they would be deported?
More draining the swamp.  You know, the money in the taxpayers pockets. #maga
And how much are illegals costing us?
Yeah right. Since when does having less people ever cost more? Only in Congress' fantasy world. Common sense says that is a total LIE.
Durbin quoting Cato is funny, but these responses are so stupid, lol.
Can see our money at work at last!!
Illegal immigration costs 135 billion each and every year.https://www.google.com/amp/amp.dailycaller.com/2017/09/28/the-total-fiscal-cost-of-illegal-immigration-is-a-staggering-135-billion-report-says/ …
Deport them all
#EndDACA
Cheaper than letting them stay
Hey, its Little Dick Durbin...
AMNESTY
well that will be a nice add to the deficit
There are 7.1 million unemployed Americans right now.  I am sure that 800,000 of them would be happy to take dreamers' jobs
Only if you change welfare requirements. If you get $12 an hour to work, or $10 an hour to sit on the couch, the majority will choose couch.
Unemployment is $17/hr
Then why would anyone actually work?  Lord, we’re a sucker country.
The point is that Durbin is lying about the numbers because he hasn't subtracted the amount of unemployment expense for the 800,000
Of course he’s lying. That’s all they ever do, yet the media never calls them out on it.
But how much will it save?
Cato is fos. Chain migration kills jobs and the budget.
Money well spent
Start now. The price tag will only grow with any delay
Cato Institute also says that it is inexplicable to exclude LEGAL DREAMers from the DreamAct. Please help us too.
This is currently a hit song. The important question is WHAT IS DACA COSTING US NOW? Welfare? Housing? Health Care? Education? Crime?
Will the GOP cut off its nose to spite its face? Try Deficit-speak, prod them where they don’t want to go unless they’re in charge
This claim from a blockhead that says killing nearly a million unborn babies every year is necessary for women's health.
but what's the expected opportunity cost of NOT doing it ????
Illegal aliens cost 135 billion a year, that's peanuts to compare Senator!
Now there's some government spending I can agree with.
Well worth the money.
They have to go back. Do your job.
Can we just rid ourselves of racist people?
We spend 84 billion annually on it so this is a financial win for tax payers.
the "repugnacants" do not care about the cost. Don't want brown/black people to vote. They know they will not win elections!
And not doing so
would "cost" ten times as much?
Where should I send the check?
Let's see... $60B over 10Y = $6B / year divided by roughly 300 million Americans = $20 each. No seriously... where do I send the check?
Or in terms a Lib douchebag can understand - 4 Iced, Half Caff, Ristretto, Venti, 4-Pump, Sugar Free, Cinnamon, Dolce Soy Skinny Lattes / mo
Laws aren't for @TheDemocrats & their useful idiots...
Isn't that a much smaller amount we'd spend on the crime created by their illegal parents?
OMG! They aren’t criminals. Shame on you
Barbara. When's the last time you snuck past security in a foreign country's airport
They didint sneak by, they were brought into this country as children. I’m truly ashamed at how cold hearted you people are
Yes but they cost $135 trillion!  No wonder no one can balance the budget.  Stupidity of this is astounding!
Worth it...
Cleaning up after Democrat schemes is always expensive.
Raise golf cart rentals
@nickgillespie Durbin never checks anything out he just goes on emotions and cries
$ well spent.
And that’s the Cato Institute. Wow.
Where do I send my donation?
How much will keeping them cost? Wanna bet it's more?
You're misleading your followers
And DACA costs of free education, welfare, housing, and health care is ???$$$$.  Sorry Senator, you are blowing smoke. We are not buying it.
$6 billion a year? Damn, that would save the country tens if not hundreds of billions each year in keeping them here.  Let's roll...
But they pay more in taxes than the country spends on them. How does that make any sense after knowing this fact supported by the government
that's not true. $7 spent for every $1 taken in
Your source is an entertainment company not a research facility or govt run study. Fox is same as Breitbart just less antisemitism
Yeah literally an ad and entertainment company.
Considering how much illegal immigration costs a year sounds like we would be saving money.
@SenatorDurbin (D-Mexico)
It's a lot cheaper than letting them stay.
Pay it, take it from military spending if needed. Even easier though, just use E-Verify, etc... so they return without our assistance.
Yawn.
And what will it cost when chain migration brings in a few million more on welfare & medicaid?
With the obvious economic value of "dreamers", wouldn't we do the entire world a service, by repatriating them to their countries of origin?
Love it!  Your right
We are hurting the rest of the world by keeping all these "dreamers" here
London has most of Somalia and Ethiopia's doctors and professors but most are working in other areas now. If at all.
It is true.  Stay & make your own country better
I would stay here no matter what happens.  I love my country
Me too. No modern countries started out like this, people had to make them that way.
Chump change.
Are you retweeting that because, money?
Alternative report
FAKE NEWS
Sounds good to me.
compared to how much keeping them? Yeah...that's what I thought. #sendthemback #EndDACA
I bet we could raise that in 48 hours.
I’d rather raise money to educate the uneducated
I'm down with that!!!!
Illegals cost 139 billion a year & only pay 19 billion a year in taxes. We would save 120 billion a year. Net gain for the American citizen.
They pay more overall in taxes each year. Moot argument.
I'm not sure that the jobs they grabbed from citizens pay enough for their taxes to be very high.
A small price to pay to have them gone.
@SharylAttkisson BS
Vs. keeping them here will probably save even more!!!
Bargain compared to what illegals cost us
In case you haven't looked, taxpayers are already taking a bath due to the inept immigration system or lack there of.  Fix the laws first.
DACA recipients pay taxes too.
Amount which will actually be spent:  $0
Fine.  Where do I send the check for my share of that expense?
B S too bad it’s illegal go blame  BHO !
@SharylAttkisson How many dollars will be lost by American citizens losing out on jobs given to those in DACA?
With harm and trauma to families! No price tag!
I don't believe a single word of it. Not even by accident. Coming from Durbin it means less than nothing.
Good money well spent
Cato institute? 
Nothing like Dick Durbin going along with the CATO Institute on, um, one thing, I guess.
Great news
How Senator?
You'll waste that much in Illinois in half the time.
So on immigration issues @CatoInstitute is a valid source, but on taxes, healthcare, or deficits, they're just Koch Bros loonies?
Go Mandatory I-9 E-verify
#NoIllegalAliens
#NoDACA
#DoYourJob
#RecallSenatorDickDurbin
And Cato are idiots. It did not cost a dime to deport 10 million over the past 8 years. Just remove their ability to work.
