Maybe, Senator, what we need is for a Democratic Senator or two to get involved, and cross the lines, stop with semantics. And vote for it!
I'm sure you might find a lobbyist firm or two that might be willing to donate to you campaigns and possibly hire family if you do vote yes.
I believe the Senator has forgotten that sometimes you have "to vote on it before you find out what's in it". Or maybe he's okay with the
Ur kidding! Legally, citizens have the right to know what's in a bill BEFORE our reps vote.
Very true, which is why it's been released....unlike a while back. Which I know this Senator voted for.
Just yesterday. I wasn't paying attention during the ACA debate, but I think McConnell&Ryan should have tried for bipartisan agreement.
They should have, but it's hard to do bipartisan when one side insists on repeal, the other side says they won't sign onto repeal. Even....
Good luck! I feel the RNC has become drunk with power. Or they got infected with a virus that has made them lose their minds. Or both.
Well thank you for wishing us luck I hope it wasn't too hard for you and don't forget the conservatives still love you I just gave you a hug
You're welcome. I try my best not to paint all Conservatives with the same brush. As far as I'm concerned bipartisanism is the best.
I just try to treat everybody as American and even if you don't agree with me I could not stand idly by and let something bad happen to you
Agreed! Till someone comes up to you and damages your car, or assaults you while screaming BS!
This was nothing to do with Muslims , this has everything to do about leftist behavior over last 7 mos.
The left wants to dis stabilize the country the people who funded the Clinton campaign also funding antifa
Well you're free to believe that, but I'm a Liberal and I don't want to destabilize anything. I don't want us to be isolated neoLudites
Secret you say! Funny fellow!
3 Republicans with morals, compassion and empathy? Good luck!
Good luck finding them.
good luck....i'm not takin that bet...
Seem like maybe u could have supported that policy a few years ago. Now in this case everyone will get to read it &have opportunity 4 imput!
Like 2think that 3 could find the compassion >Only 3 need 2find the courage 2save millions from the impending misery that comes w/this bill
What happened to ... By the People for the People... not to the People by the few ?
It's why we the people are calling for #DraintheSwamp!! They're elitests.
Dems weren't open when passing ACA. GOP should be open with AHCA. HC should be charitable, not a profit center. Feds can't think beyond $.
Thank you Senator Durbin.
Follow the Dem way n ram it down ur throats n sign first read later. What planet r u from
Please do whatever you can to find those 3 who have a conscience. OUR LIVES DEPEND ON IT. PLEASE STOP IT.
@parislady1492 can't wait for those with a spine on the right to reveal themselves.  Glory be!
Yep I think we can
@SenJohnMcCain I call on you, sir, to do the right thing for America and stand up to @SenateMajLdr and his disgusting secret healthcare bill
On point once again, Senator! Thank you for fighting for transparency in democracy. Keep it up & #WithholdConsent if/when needed!
We need 100 Senators to do their jobs for our nations taxpayers.
The Democrats created it entirely "in secret". You were there and voted for it!!
Time to start calling if you haven't. They work. We've proven that when we stp op the first trumpcare bill. Here's a  cheat sheet to help.
For all you Trumpsters call  and tell them to work through the Summer and get things done!
We can't even get 3 republicans seriously
That would require courageous Republicans, an oxymoron
Theleftwants healthcaremaybe youshould talktothe NONworkingdemocratsanddemand theyget workingon healthcare!They chosenottothen sitandbitch!
Ugh
Someone BE A HERO
They will all go down with the SS trump 
We will #FLIPTHEHOUSESENATE CONGRESS 2018/2020 @GOP 
#DRAINTHESWAMP 
#THERESISTANCE 
#RESIST
As is the case w/the democraps which is a thoroughly corrupt party.
Grow a spine Republicans$
We need to hear more from D's about Russia hacking 39 states. We need safeguards in place 2018 & 2020
3 Republicans with integrity. Let's see if that's just a pipe dream. Time starts now.
Until Dum Dum Durbin is actually on Ocare he does not know what he is talking about
Three Senate Republicans will say they won't support the AHCA bill, but after 3 hours they will say they support the bill after some changes
lol… you're so effective
Thank you, Senator Durbin.  Keep hiding in and pushing back!
@SenCapito We need you to stand up and say this is not how it is done. You can’t repeal health care for millions in secret.  #NoAHCA
#TransparencyNow #DemandTransparency
#VoteARama #HoldTheFloor Bury McConnell in amendments. Do it - we have your back. The R's play for keeps - time to lay it on the line.
We just need a few @GOP to stand up to #ImpeachTrump!
@SenateDems good luck
Unfortunately McConnell wouldn't be so boldly going thru w/ this sham of a bill if he didn't already know he has the votes.
I would like a lie detector done on all of them to see if they ever did read Obamacare law!
You need 4,Manchin will stand beside his Republican buddies.
@latikia dont think any repug has the decency to think of their fellow americans.
Those Democrats haven't worked since Jan.20th! The senate in 8 years! So blame it the dimwits! They are not thinking about you at all !
they'll have that and more
But you can pass ACA that way?
They didn't pass it that way.
Worse! They passed it on Christmas Eve when people were busy. They're snakes.
Are there no GOP Senators who are NOT being blackmailed by Putin???
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr The world is watching. Americans will NOT let you rip our healthcare away from us for $ for your greedy overlords.
Your insurance companies and your doctors and hospitals are taking away health care you fools!
Collins, Murkowski, and Capito are three who could stand together against the RUSH job by others in their Party! They are rational WOMEN!
@SenCapito cannot think outside of the GOP box sadly
Just let ObamaCare fail instead. It is going to fail if congress does nothing!
why don't you lead? Admit that pharma/healthcare is a big scam. Admit that you are part of the problem. Admit that you're in pahrma's pocket
What does it matter?You dont want to work with them to fix anything. You had your shot for Universal Healthcare.ACA sucks and so won't AHCA.
Ain't going to happen. They're ALL criminals.
Can you find 3 Rd with any humanity y?
Diogenes stopped look for an honest man in the @GOP decades ago
democrats are amazing intelligent,high character,honest,politicians.Never committedcrimes,andpaid theirtaxes!I havea fricken swamp forsale!
For the MESS that it is, you sure can repeal it! IT's not a health care bill, it's a Tax increase.
AGREED!!!
Let's see if GOP really care or not
Hypocrite! Here is how Dems did it:
Funny, in secret, and everyone knows about it
Durbin is corrupt Democrat & contributed greatly to demise of Illinois which now has junk bond status and record debt.
https://youtu.be/hV-05TLiiLU  Pelosi saying you must pass the bill to see what's in it.
Obama Democrats lie about everything, if they told the truth of what they want to push into law:NO ONE would vote for them except Communists
Our Public Health IS our National Security.
What else is there..
... on purpose so Democrats could usher in GOVT RUN SINGLE PAYER HealthCare what Democrats-NancyPelosi-SenDurbin have been pushing for...2/2
AHC aka ObamaCare is a FAILED disaster that was passed by Democrats with LIES: AHCArchitect JonathanGruber said it was DESIGNED TO FAIL..1/2
Good luck with that the GOP is weakly  struck by DT & reality TV want 2 only please him so they can get closer 2 him  sold their souls 2
Thank you Sir along with @SenCortezMasto for fighting overnight 2 keep the opportunity 4 all Americans 2 have care. @SenDeanHeller Help!!!
Not likely the Dems will get Repub defectors, not as long as Repubs put party over country (people). Repugs act in self interest only.
Where are the Dems for you people! Do ya think sitting and bitching and refusing to work together just like last time will help?
All Senators should check trending of their constituents- they would see they should be voting AGAINST this bill.
Hope you get them
Who will put country before party?
F'ing Democrats have for the last 8 years!

It really doesn't matter,  you took the care out of our health system.
Maybe you ought to put the blame on insurance companies, Hospitals and doctors for the high costs as well as the poor management collecting
The tax oops fine for not getting insurance! This failed law was meant to fall apart! It has been recorded proof!The democrats do nothing!
It did regulate and take my benefits from me and require me to pay 3 times as much for almost insurance.
American Voters: Make sure to vote these men OUT OF OFFICE if they repeal ACA and try to replace it with garbage known as TrumpCare #AHCA
Shut this thing down:
Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Yes, they can win. 1/
Personally the Republicans could run it through chamber of commerce group rates all over country! And let the beast BS Obamacare die !
We need to have the liberal Dems to just shut up and sit down. You lost
Or for God sake do their jobs! All they do is bitch!
They are all "deeply disturbed" but won't do a damn thing but put party before country.
What arethe Democrats doing? Nothing butbitching and their usual namecalling!Their frigging shitty lawand ifthey cared really aboutcitizens
The Senate hasnot worked in 8 yrs? 340 bills tabled by Dirty Harry to make Congress looklike a "do nothing congress"per Asshat Obama!
This is not Secret we just needed one Democrat to stand up and say Obamacare is bad but not one of you would reap what you have sown dick

#LicTrump: Trump awol. Trump tax records M.I.A. Trump & Sessions Russia collusion memories K.I.A. Republican Party L.I.A.R.S. "Go figure!" 
Whip them up
Does any @HouseGOP or @SenateGOP have an ounce of courage to stand w/ country over party? #NoHearingNoVote #DITCHMITCH
They are standing up for their country your party has forgotten what supporting your country means
ACHA act was transparent? Cmon Dick. Pelosi hadn't read when she said "We've got to pass it to see what's in it". Quit pontificating.
So, @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain and @BenSasse, you're up!!
Overturn the ACA, get a backbone
Can't wait for #impeachment
too have impeachment, a law needs to be broken, otherwise it's called vote nullification
*to... Find a law Trump hasn't broken 
So, I can get a statutes of the US and he will have broken all?
I'll let Mueller take care of it, I know he will. :)
Mueller is already breaking his own authority
That is how you, the Dems, crammed the ACA down our lives. @SenateDems & @SenateGOP NEED TO WORK AS A TEAM FOR TAX PAYERS. Please & thank U.
Start with @SenJohnMcCain he has spoken out about it. Time for his actions to match his words. 1 down, 2 to go.
