Illinois gets  $150 billion a year in federal healthcare subsidies?  THAT is outrageous.
looks like it’s $150B over 16 years
but that’s the size of the cut, not the total we get. it says it’s a 34% cut, so I guess we’re scheduled to get $450B over those 16 years
so $30B a year on average but it’s probably less than that at the beginning and more at the end
people in Illinois paid $160B in federal taxes in 2015 so it’s not particularly crazy
I gotta say, paying $160 billion/yr in fed taxes is pretty hard to wrap your head around.
IL has about 10M adults (+ 3M kids), so it's about $16k per adult. still big but a bit easier to think about ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
$16k is huge per person, that number puts better perspective on it but the majority of IL residents pay far less than even $10k a year.
Called your office to ask you to vote no. So many calls you are not even taking messages. Hope that means the people are speaking!
Keep tweeting to all the Democratic senators :)
Haven't heard  DickDurbin's position on #MedicareForAll? It's what PEOPLE want! Everyone's covered,nobody goes bankrupt bc they got sick!
People want it until they see know what it really is. Longer waits, less options for RX and treatments and higher taxes
Do you have any proof of your claims or are you just repeating what the insur and #BigPharma are lying about? http://www.unitedmedicareadvisors.com/2017/06/what-does-medicare-for-all-mean/amp/ …
1)Well your dog can get an mri faster in Canada than you can. UK will not do elective surgery to obese or smokers.
Since you provide no back up, what you say is just heresay promoted by #BigInsur & #BigPharma. Open your eyes! https://www.nupge.ca/node/2486 
No responses??? I guess I proved my point
You seem to have no problem getting ripped off for WORSE CARE. This from @TIMEMagUSA http://ow.ly/grdT30bnpRc 
Right now I get ripped off with every paycheck by the IRS paying for my health care and those that can but will not work.
More Durbin lies. Bye, bye single payer.

The most damaging thing that could possibly happen to healthcare has already passed. ACA!!!
Even Bernie Sanders agrees ObamaCare has failed.
Except for the 20+ million Americans who got coverage.
Check the numbers again. It’s not close to 20mil. Also, who is counting the millions of us who lost our insurance because of ACA?
I've checked. It's 20+ million. Did you lose yours or are you insured but paying more? I'd agree that we need to reduce premiums and deducts
On Medicare plus. Monthly premium, Dr co-pay, specialist fees ER co- pay. Hosp. D deductible. Medicare's not free and it shouldn't be
What's your objection to ACA? It has nothing to do with Medicare or Medicare Plus.
No choice! Astronomical rates! Ridiculous deductibles! Govt. control.  To much big govt. in our lives
OK then, you wld support a full, straight #Obamacare repeal then? And start over from scratch? Works for me.
And so is authorizing excess military spending.  Why don't you fight for universal healthcare?
Just think what kind of health care we could afford if............. Imagine how great America would be if we didn't have 30 million illegals
The GOP Way....Continue on your path to SCREW the AMERICAN PEOPLE out of Healthcare!
YOU can afford No Co-pay WE Can NOT!
Senator, you obviously think that #Insurance equals #Healthcare. You are so wrong! Full Repeal mandatory #MAGA
Only fair because Obamacare was so devastating to the middle class
Please talk to @lisamurkowski and ask her not to sell out the rest of the 49 states so that her state can keep the Affordable Care Act.
Vote no!!
Please have the DEM Oarty cut ties w/Bernie--he us toxic.  Just giving GOP ammunition for 2018 with this CNN debate. HE is NOT a Democrat.
3. Block grants to states means no interstate "free market" 4. Block grants not based on population or need but buying gop VOTES
2. Garbage re that is why they are in office ignores fact that has CHANGED majority wants to keep ACA NOW 45 voters promised KEEP MEDICAID
Senator some points I don't see dems making. 1. Koch Bros threat to gop to pull funds, donars make policy?
.@GovRauner - Speak up for #Illinois  #GrahamCassidy would be devastating to Illinoisans. #ILSaveACA
No it's not. You like to make people panic. Dems should be labeled  political terrorists! Weapons are Straw man attacks and panic buttons.
The only thing damaging is do nothing Dems,doing what they do best which is obstruction, obscure,& attempt 2 obliterate America's values .
@realDonaldTrump # @Senator Durbin # Likes to bash Trump repeal on health care but is not currently offering solutions to problems! Maybe 
Senator what have you come up with as you sit there with your comfy insurance? When's your seat up for reelection since you don't offer help
I cant afford more taxes! If you love OCare so much then why are you not on the program? Give up your congressional plan! Join the people!
Senator Durbin - tell us what to do. Should we walk the halls of congress? Block the streets? A general strike? A former constituent.
As damaging as taxing #ecigs similarly to tobacco.
All of what they are doing is for the health of the Republican party, not the health of AMERICANS. SHAMEFUL it's not about them.
Scary because they're rich donors don't care about pain inflicted, they want their tax break now. They paid for it.#FixACA #ACASavesLives
When a member of the cop hating anti American party says something is bad then it has my support. Repeal the obama trap. Trump 2020
Why are Republicans so beholden to the Kochs   can't we get lobbyists out of politics and all their bribery money too??
You would have to cut out the union $ to dems also.

That Republicans are bribing Murkowski by letting Alaska KEEP OBAMACARE pretty much destroys the idea that this is better than Obamacare
Even more damaging is all that defense spending you voted in favor of. Maybe you need to be replaced as well as Trump.
Does everyone understand Obamacare is going to wipe the government out of money.   $$$$$$   There is a reason Congress is exempt.  ALL LIARS
Whatever it is it is NOTHING of the VA horror show. http://www.unionleader.com/politics/whistleblower-on-manchester-va-reforms-its-not-enough-20170919 …
Thank you, Senator for speaking out against this terrible bill.
CURRENT funding distributed to states for managing their own voters' healthcare. MORE accountability, not less.
Did you think it would go your way???
Sick, did you tell'm that you don't want to give up those big donor that come with keeping it under federal vs state control? U should
Fight them Senator.  Illinois is proud to have you in our corner. Trump is an embarrassment. #handstoosmalltobuildasolarseethruwall
Ain't just whistling Dixie in that statement.
Push back that bill.
Hold the line.
Kill GRAHAM bill on the floor 
PERMANENTLY
REPEAL OBAMACARE
@SenateDems  Why is Ocare being offered to AK to keep. If its such a failure, why would AK keep it. Vote bartering maybe??

Who gave you this - the Diabolical DNC no doubt bc all those association didn't have a copy of the bill
Of course they have it. It's on the internet. You can read it too. Check their websites for more info on why they strongly oppose it.
No Trumpcare!  Straight repeal, no replacement!  Govt out of healthcare!
Too late Dick. You Democrats had your chance to work on other bills, now you're stuck with this
Massive illegal aliens invasion. Socialized and s.  healthcare. You are directly aiding in America's destruction. You need to be removed.
It's beyond time to put national health on the same level as defense, infrastructure, jobs, etc. A sick nation is an easy one to defeat.
Sir, why would putting the power back into the rightful hands I.E. the States be more damaging?  Your generation was raised different.  Sir.
The DNC/Dem marketing has been below average to awful. This is unpopular with a majority. Easy visuals and short points on this are needed.
Well, Where are web ads or real ads. Where is the strategy here? You have the quotes from those in the GOP who opposed less awful. Use them.
Do any of the Republican senators agree with you that would be willing to vote no?

