Perspective: America is running out of doctors. Trump ending DACA will only make the crisis worse. http://wapo.st/2fWNPT8 
I don’t want to lose my brothers and sisters. Please do everything you can to help them and tell us what we can do.
Ending #DACA also relieves us of criminals, rapists, and murderers!!!
#ScrewDACA
#DeportIllegals
No way Jose'!
I agree. Facts prove this out.
I think your first name says it all
And still barely scrapes by but instead of helping them we give money to illegal
No we don't need dreamers.Use the money we waste on their asses to send Amwrican kids to college and med. school.We've done enough for them.
Billions spent defending illegals. 0 spent on ending homeless children's nightmares. DACA=Don't Attempt Crossing Again. Don't get it SenDick
You still don't get it their ILLEGAL. Maybe they can help Mexico become great for once. I'm sure they could be
 a great help to their people
Dreamers should have never been allowed into higher education. Those opening should have went to citizens or legal immigrants.
Good then they can get some American legal nurses and doctors
Go away
I know some #Dreamers. They're amazing people. Protect them.
U took oath of office2 defend theConsitution &2enforce laws of the land. Instead of focusing on illigals, make our kids dream2come true 1st.
Should Dreamers blame the US or their parents who put them in this situation?  Parent gambled on kids future by illigelly entering USA &lost
https://youtu.be/U33MbFbYURM  and we give them food stamps that they use to stock their stores with like seen in this video
I am going to do my best d*** to get you out of that office
Signed the bill Durban to build the wall and then they can stay
Some #DACA doctors, nurses, & health care workers 
#DreamAct
What are you waiting for senator do your job and pass the law and stop whining about someone who doesn't have the authority to do it 4 you
Agree with you Senator. Legalize #Dreamers
We don't need  doctors who treat patients with VOODOO!! What country is YOUR doctor from???
Are you guys all sniffing the same fart bag?
Dream act my ass
Senator? Aren’t you reaching for straws? Send them back! Unburden us citizens from further tax burdens from excessive entitlement programs !
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
It's slap on all legal imigrents faces, who waited yrs2 enter US.Why Ru mixing legal immigrant with illegal alians! DoU respectUS laws.US1st
If only US citizens can vote, whyDems R zooming on illigals on our dime? Is it possible illigals Ralready voting&Dems R benefiting from it?
That's grasping at straws. On the bright side they'll be better set to help their native country when the go home with their parents
Keep them here so they can vote for you, thats the truth...
http://www.factcheck.org/2009/04/cost-of-illegal-immigrants/ … in 2009 we spent $338.3 b i don't know ab u but I see homeless vets and starving kids  that their mom works 2 jobs
Senator it doesn’t matter. He’s killing healthcare for the masses so only a handful of medical professionals will be needed to treat the 1%.
http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/09/15/nightmare-daca-amnesty-dream-act-will-cost-115-billion-thanks-to-obamacare/ … a $115 b is how much our tax dollars would pay for daca
Fake news Just tell me how Many DACAs are Illegally practicing med in USA??

Plane bc I don't give a damn what u think
Well kept nails and I'll invite them to the bbq but I'm not giving up bacon that may b racist and if it does then get ur ass back on the
Like to glace or I notice women in the summer that looks nice now what if they had to wear burkas that woman better have some sexy eyes and
Knowledge rape no go ZONES they thing every woman should be covered with a burka and more and i don't know ab any other guy now and then I
Change our way of life Muslims do look at Sweden and the Muslims they think u should come a custom to their way of life this is known
And that's a vacation back to were they come from or are supposed to be and it's not so much the Hispanics bc they don't try to change
Doesn't appear u r very popular on twitter. Suggest u work with Trump & help move country fwd. Obstruction not working well for Dems or GOP.
Again they new it was temp they did not follow the laws and get their documents so now it's time for the tax payers to pay one last thing
Dreamers are not some abstract concept. They are real people, with real lives who grew up in this country.  #DreamAct NOW
LOL WHAT?
Say whaaaaat!!
Just say no to drugs. Whst planet are you on. He's looking for it to be legalized. Start doing your job or we'll find someone who will.
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP Americans suffer natural disasters, domestic terrorists & derangd @POTU$ #FixItNow @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
Nice disinformation spin senator. Ever consider becoming a comedy writer ?
Better come up with a better pitch.  Don't think the majority of the country feels their teenage doctor is about to be deported.
Thank you for fighting for ALL Americans!  Ending DACA would mean ripping apart FAMILIES.  #DREAMACT
STOP speaking for doctors, nurses & health care workers. You are not our voice!
Allow them on merits instead of allowing refugees.  It's good deal. Win ... Win for all.
It would also mean ripping away criminals and rapists from Americans.  Good trade, end daca no amnesty
reach out to your nazi buddies through traitor slanders and tell them to help you. You didnt care about my vote, you can do without my help
American kids can’t do those jobs?
Pretty selfish of us, depriving other countries of good healthcare professionals
Senator If We End DACA No
On to Fill Services in ERs Hospital And It will be a National Crisis ROS
Did you know that 250,000 Americans due each year due to medical provider error?

This is BS!!!  We are replacing doctors with Artificial Intelligence.  Get with the 21st Century
Dick Durbin & Harvey Weinstein true friends!!  Your past cannot be hidden Durbin!!!!
It’s time for good leaders to lead... Never allow fear of executive or even societal retribution to trump doing the right thing! NO EXCUSES!
Excluding #H4DREAMERS means sending away Doctors apart those who dream to go to NASA.
I think you need to be more concerned about things in your own state.  Like the excuses you gave Cairo, IL.
I am a health care student pursuing a doctorate.I am not recognized as a DREAMer in the DREAMact.Please add me like 2 Republican bills have
Thank you, Senator Durbin, for all you do.
Build the wall
Thank you for your honestly
Dickie, the ball is in @TheDemocrats court. Cut a deal with Trump
Ending DACA is gonna happen. Oh yea and a wall is gonna happen also. 2018 neo cons and dems are really gonna have to steal alot of votes.
As a health care worker & DACA recipient, thank you @SenatorDurbin.
I believe President Trump extended the DACA to allow Congress the opportunity of reforming imigration laws. Only congress can change laws.
Then put your big boy boxers on and work on comprehensive immigration reform. Fix it. Illegal means illegal.
Their are illegal doctors nurses and healthcare workers?Shouldn't someone disclose that?
Yes keep our dreamers!!!!!!! Leave all Americans ALONE! @realDonaldTrump
Btw the dreamers are illegal immigrants
THE WHITE ELEPHANT PARTY Charges Ahead. .Heedless To Any Consequences Of Their Behavior. ..We Have To Demand Democracy America
Not  at all. Giving the doctors back to americans more jobs for americans
