Senator then legislate it.  That's what you are there to do.  More time spent doing your job and less criticizing others might be a remedy -
How come these "kids" now as adults haven't applied 2 become legal US citizens.
Because they still came in undocumented so they can't apply. This is why the congress needs to find them a pathway to citizenship
Ok thanks I was unclear as to why they couldn't apply.
So you introduced 16 years ago...then you walked away...any legislating done so it wouldn't come to this?or did you know it was temporary?
Well now you have 6 months to get to done Dickie boy
Then why did you do anything about it when you had the spouse in the Senate and the White House shameful
Thanks to you and @LindseyGrahamSC for helping to keep our American values alive while @POTUS does all he can to dismantle them.
You wouldn't know American values if it hit you in the face.
Y'all should have done this years ago; why didn't @TheDemocrats and @POTUS44 do it when they had total control?  B/c it wasn't Dem priority!
No, because the would have been voted out of office. The dems only work in the dark like cockroaches.
Durbin declared the illegals to be the best and brightest of America. What an insult to legal US students
The rest of us must be chopped liver. The illegals are more American than us. Didn't you know that?, lol
How about taking care of Americans instead of playing politics?
Durbin is a stinking oportunist.
Hell yeah he is
Thank you for your stand to defend the DREAMERS. I stand with you
He isn't defending dreamers. If he actually cared about dreamers he would have introduced this Bill along time ago. This was congresses
He introduced the Dream Act 16 years ago
Would be nice if you cared as much for babies as you do for law breakers
What you are neglecting to see is not that I am against dreamers I am not what I am against is politicians that seek to divide all of us
Then you must hate Steve King (IA)...Durbin is a uniter.
you okd freeloaders to ruin USA Democrats =socialist communist and ruin every area financially they are in charge of #MAGA Trump 2020
Right. A 22 year old who illegally came here when 18? Only country they've ever known?
So weird you didn't pass it when you controlled both House, Senate & Obama was president. 
Yes you did
Thank you for representing Illinois 
Senator Durbin is one of the good guys. Met him when he came out to our house to buy my dad's truck for his daughter many years ago
Doing your job to insure more democratic voters. Why should we expect anything different from you lousy politicians
Amen brother.
You need the "DACA, Doctors in Chicago because THOUSANDS of Deaths and INJURED are MS13/Result of the Gang banging. Insult Americans!
Thank you sir. Let's get it passed #DreamAct2017
:(
You intro'ed it 16 years ago, good job getting it passed into law.  Now it's POTUS fault?
Hope it passes this time!
Please do more to get it passed!
16 years ago? Really? What's been done since! You guys are a JOKE
Thank you for your support of #DACA #Dreamers @SenatorDurbin
16 years?  Did you vote to build a wall in all those years or did you just wants people here illegally?
No, he wants new voters. Because Americans won't vote for democrats anymore.
Why didn't they become legal citizens?
Because Congress couldn't pass the "law", they want to ride both side, the pro and the con.
Well Durbin apparently illegals have a  more priority than the safety and welfare of the American people
The Dreamers are American people
central american.
Why didn't you make them become citizens first?
@SenatorDurbin Thank You, BUT you should have made DREAM ACT FOR EVER!!!
Thank goodness for Chicago or you wouldn't be elected and we'd be just another insane Red state
Well then you did a horrible horrible thing to give false hope to dreamers. shame. I hope u cant sleep at night.
Good job, try it legal next time
He legally introduced to Congress 16 years. What part of that is hard for you to understand?
@Jamestoupin Thank you for fighting for who we are at our best.  Millions of us still believe in THAT version of the US.
Dreamers. Made up word and concept. Pretty like a unicorn but not a thing.
Here's a fact: Dreamers have lived in the USA TWICE as long as our First Lady
Follow the law, is this not your job??
Thank you Senator for continuing to see this through. #defenddaca

DACA is not under legal assault,  it stands up. Now DT just knocked it on its ass, disgusting.
#DACA #whtsprmcy #thewall #ACA #Climate There is a quiet, peaceful solution. Marginalize racial hate. Wear a Patch. http://www.personalintegrationpatch.com 
Who will replace all these positions in military!  Transgender gone..dreamers gone!
Get It Done!!!!!!!!!
Thank you! Let's get get it done!
You do realize your "Act" is a slap in the face to every immigrant who came here legally, don't you?
So DO SOMETHING.
To think that your donors payed you off to put this law into effect and now it is being taken away. It was a waste of their money after all.
In all those years why didn't the dreamers attempt to become legal? This is on them.
You need to take away incentives for people not to come here illegally. When you do they won't come illegally and you won't need a wall.
@Merri__Magic 
Please write one page law! Registered DACA people granted citizenship if records clean! Effective 11-23-17.
After 16 years you haven't got the hint 
What about American Children deported with their Immigrant parents from the only country they've ever known to the #Thirdworld?
I introduced the Dream Act 16 years ago to ensure #Dreamers can fully contribute to their country — the only one they've ever known.
Senator this is the only wall we want to see associated with Donald Trump!!
When you move here when you're 10, you know whatever country you moved from.
So finish the job!!!
you forgot to mention the 5 neoliberal shills who voted to kill the dream act: kay hagan, mark pryor, ben nelson, jon tester and max baucus.
You introduced sh!t.
Obama & Democrats created this mess, just like you added over $10 Trillion to http://USDebtClock.org 
Another proud moment in our country.
Thanks for letting the "Dreamers"know that Congress may not stand the chance of getting things done in 6 months. Think POTUS set you up?
Every time I see this corruption
I am glad I voted for Trump!
Although I voted 4 Obama...twice in the past
I do have regrets
After 16 years all you have accomplished is an illegal executive order? Thank you @realDonaldTrump for making them do their job!
Ever heard sins of the father?
Di Di Di Di Di Durbin.. do the maths! 16+ years it takes to pass the Dream Act & when BO went behind political agenda & used morals to ACT..
It's not 'their' country if they remained undocumented though, is it? Little oversight that is now reaping huge chaos.
Dicky, how haveUhelped them become American Citizens.This Dick Head cares more about Illegal Aliens then American Children whoRsuffering.
You introduced but Congress didn't pass a law.
U know good & well u just want more Dems votes! U are exactly why Americans hate Congress! Why don't u try helping middle class Americans???
What ya done lately?
Thank you for your hard work & immense heart Senator Durbin
yes yes we know you guys want to give all of everything we have away. you want open borders you want to take over the country .yep we know
You've had 16yrs to think of something other than the Dreadful Dream Act
Nobody wanted the Dream Act that's why it didn't pass & Obama shoved DACA in our face!  DACA is an INCENTIVE to draw in ILLEGALS!
And that's the problem.  YOU SHOULD HAVE NEVER DONE THAT YOU POS!
Well, ya better dust it off & get your fellow congress cronies busy since it's always been your job - not the POTUS @realdonaldtrump
Fight to save #DACA and #DeportTrump  He has NEVER contributed to this country in a positive way. Send the Racist idiot to Russia.
I knew there was something very wrong about you
Shame on you!
WHERE IS A DREAM ACT FOR AMERICAN CITIZENS? YOU STEAL MONEY FOR ILLEGALS! BUT FORCE US CITIZENS TO PAY FOR THEIR OWN COLLEGE! HYPOCRITE!
DACA recipients don't get handouts or free college. They each pay $500 every 2 years to renew their visa. That's 200B annually.
Actually many colleges do offer free tuition. I'd be happy to pay $500 every other year for my son to get a free ride at Rice.
That's called a scholarship so encourage your son to keep his grades up. Dreamers work just as hard to earn an education or job.
Trump looked you in the eyes and lied about #DREAMers.

I'm astonished that you believed him.
But you do nothing for the kids in your state who live in give most dangerous city in the country?  Where are your priorities?
YOU are pissed cuz your idea FAILED. Now go do your job the proper way. You have 6 months..or we will find someone else who can.
then you should of FIXED the problem, no one should be allowed to stay unless they take the Citizenship test!! PASS IT,
Introduced under a pen and a phone.. yeah unbelievably unconstitutional.  why don't you ensure real americans have the same above the law bs
It's not unconstitutional. DAPA was but not DACA.
The plan was to flood the courts so no one could be deported, but now it's so full your "dreamers" can't get a hearing. Good work Dick, Dick
DRAIN the SWAMP OF ANTI AMERICAN SENATE AND CONGRESS
and you failed to pass it into Law. Thank your fellow senators.
Durbin is a Democrat. Republicans who had majority blocked the vote.
YOU work on American problems taxes health care NOT IMMIGRATION PROBLEMs AMERICANS come 1st not last YOU worry about my kids health
I didn't want it then still don't want it now.
NO DACA they get CACA (Constitutional Action for Childhood Arrival).  Why don't you FOCUS on AMERICAN CITIZENS? TAXES, WALL, HEALTHCARE!
Senator U knew it was Illegal, why RU worried now! Obama Over Reach! DACA needs 2End Permanently! Take care of those in DACA now,ButNoMore!
Now maybe you will work with your President...DO IT LET'S SEE IT WORK
Then along came Trump! He doesn't care about Americans. He cares about nothing but trying to 'outdo" #Obama
Stop referring them as Children.The average age of people in DACA is 26.To apply4DACA, be younger than 31.Why are we protecting kids age 37?
You are a lawbreakers...DACA contributes to take American citizens jobs.
Don't reward an ilegal acts.
NO OPEN BORDERS
Oh. Now it all makes sense. You care cause it's your policy.  However in your 16 years you have contributed to the rest of the downfall. K
Potus did his job because Obama did not now in congress court dreamers contact congress immediately congress better act
Hey how about fully contributing to the homeless Vets & legal citizens of . Stop for people you don't give a  about
The clock is ticking! Guess now you children will have to DO YOUR JOB. The recess has ended. Time to earn everything we pay you. Get to work
What?! #DACA is going to be the first item on the agenda?! What about taxes, Ocare, and everything that affects citizens?
Thank you @SenatorDurbin and @LindseyGrahamSC.   Just listened to your press conference.   Thank you for acting.  Thank you!
A Pres has no authority to write law. That is a dictatorship. DACA is unconstitutional. Congress must write legislation now.
If you and Lindsey weren't setting on your butts for six weeks. You could've already done this, Congress is nothing but loafers. Do your job
Illegal is illegal ! Get out ! What about all the people entering legally ? Why follow the laws of the land when idiots like u promote this
They have visas. That means they're legal.
This should have been introduced along time ago. Stop blaming DT 4 something that is your fault.
He's literally saying he introduced in 16 years ago. Then Boehner blocked another vote in 2010.
So Senator Durbin, can this clown just wipe out a law on a whim like this?
There is NO law that's the problemObama just wrote memo never law do your research
Did you introduce any Legislation for Americans ? Curious?
Admit it, UR upset because you actually have to earn your paycheck this year. The ball is in the democrats court. Do your job and legislate.
If Congress would do their job they would address immigration including Dreamers. Trump is pushing you idiots into finally doing your job.
ACTIONS speak louder than words.

And the @GOP actions are KKK Forever.
if you've done so much why isn't this law? You are responsible 100%
NOW MAYBE YOU WILL DO YOUR JOB...WHY NOT BEFORE NOW?
STOP being emotional about this issue! Be logical. Get this done & over with! I could care less about "dreamers". We all dream Senator.
Perfect!
No you did it for votes
DACA is wrong they can come to this country and apply for citizenship like others that come to this country.
UR full of it, if you cared so much you would have done something years ago.  UR all worthless
Who is paying the bills at Loyola medical school for all these "dreamers"
They pay themselves. They don't qualify for federal loans.
It is time to do what should have been done. Congress doing their job
