While I wholly appreciate your stance on AHCA, don't make my family a target - BSL IS BS, educate yourself! Discrimination!!!! 
@apologize
http://NationalPitBullVictimAwareness.org  Pit bulls mutilate and kill every day.  BSL because owners don't prevent attacks.
Would you say the same thing for people? There are bad owners and untrained dogs.
I heard Illinois is going bankrupt? You need all the welfare you can get!
#obstructionist
Some would say you've done plenty in the vain of being a disaster for Illinois and Americans.
Mr Durbin: I'm an advocate for pit bull dogs, your "put a lace collar on a Pitbull & it's still a mean dog" remark is atrocious. Apologize
No, he was right. Pits are a danger to society.
Senator Durbin, that is such a great analogy-- we're also not fooled by pit bulls wearing service dog jackets either-WARNING!
The good Senator is right. Disaster is the intent of the #Republicans. When has it not been?
Lay your #Depopulation #agenda on the table, assholes. First it was just the "third world" now it's all Americans who aren't millionaires.

Sen Durbin is unfair to Pitbulls.  He probably never met one.  #dontbullymybreed  #pitbulls #ignorance
Stop with the pitbull nonsense, it's already bad enough for them.
Why, pit bulls have more rights than their victims--follow pit bull attacks and fatalities for a month and then say it's nonsense.....
Your Discriminatory comments about PitBulls is completely out of line!  You need to educate yourself on the breed and stop spreading hate!
Durbin is spot on about those vapid ugly maulers.
@SenatorDurbin hates pitbulls
Not hates.. "knows"
No such thing as "TrumpCare", but Obamacare is dead, thank God!
This idiot is overseeing Illinois' bankruptcy.
Boy did u hit the nail on the head!!!
Wow. Sounds just like what they said about Obama care. What did Pelosi say and I quote we have to pass it to see what's in it.
Keep up the good work & fighting for all of us.  Thank you, Senator Durbin.
We want your medical plan! You know that one WE pay for you. We want that plan with access to the best doctors on the planet like Gabby
Agree with UR point. DON'T agree that pitbulls are by default mean. Humans make pitbulls mean. GOP makes humans die w/o proper health care.
The pit bull analogy is just right.
Another lie
What are you going to do to get people insurance as they are dropped by the Obamacare exchanges?
No need to vilify Pit Bulls. Mr. Durbin I thank you for opposing TrumpCare.
Pit bulls are not necessarily mean!!
I appreciate the point trying to be made but it is unnecessary to state that pit bulls are mean dogs (or any way similar to Republicans)
On the other hand, if it passes, there's gonna be a lot fewer Republicans in DC by 2020.
No. What we need is a State Government that doesn't rely on the Feds to care for their tired, poor, huddled masses. Let's be a Sanctuary!
You need to educate yourself and be mindful of your analogies when comparing your ignorant statement regarding pit bulls being mean dogs.
Pls stop it.  I am tired of paying for things that don't work.  Seriously considering leaving this country.
Really? My sister losing her ins is not an option for her or for YOU! NOT going to allow govt to hurt my family. I WON'T STAND FOR IT.
Start with your state. We are pretty well informed your broke. You do not know how to run your own state. We need People with valuable input
Yep, he's just a career politician that needs to go, sadly losers keep re-electing him. Go Away DICK D
I FOLLOW YOU. READ MY PROFILE RETROACTIVE CAREFULLY ALL TRUE. IMPEACH. MY BALLOT WAS SUPPRESSED. HILLARY  WON.
KNOW TRUMP IS A CRIMINAL CORRUPTED MAFIOSO. HAD MAFIA  RIG  ELECTION  RECOUNT $  ELECTORAL VOTERS RIGGING ELECTION NOW
THANK U. STOP ALL NOW. IMPEACH,  PRISON FOR ALL TRAITORS, THIEVES. IMPROVE ALL BENEFITS IMMEDIATELY FREE FOR ALL
Cook county is a disaster for illinoisians.

Yes, please stop it.My daughter's life depends on it.
U would know a bad bill cause u helped pass the first mistake
How about not taking a summer vacation and work with the other side hickey
You are 1 of my senators.  I have full confidence in you and and @SenDuckworth.
Thank you for doing everything possible. This bill is worse than expected. Happy to have you in the fight! #KeepKidsCovered @AmerAcadPeds
Side note: I mean, I get the pit bull thing, but can we focus on the fact that this bill could kill people?
Laughable that your trying to hang this on @POTUS.  It Obamacare lite and you know it.
lie some more
Yeah without even having read the bill you have to stop it. And you claim to represent my Interests Hog wash.
Nope, he represents my interests, not yours. Because you don't live in Illinois. Go talk to your own Senator.
IDIOTS OBSTRUCT all they can while still being DemonRats !!! RESIGN or RESIST until 2018 !!!
Thank you! Please keep fighting! #ProtectOurCare
Keep up he good work, Senator.  THis bill would be a disaster
yo, i appreciate you standing up for our healthcare but can we not vilify my dog based on breed? its hell finding housing because of that.
that attitude, i should say. bsl sucks and the idea that pits are inherently mean dogs is pretty false based on data from reputable sources.
IDIOTS all DemonRats !!!
Thank you for standing up for us! Keep up the good fight!
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting!
Pitt bulls are not mean by nature. It's the ppl who train them to be mean who are mean. Kinda like congress and trump
Have you read?
Well dickie what is your plan obama care doesn't work so what do you have in mind
I think the government should get out of it all together
We need to move immediately to single payer. We must be "hair on fire" exposing the criminal level of GOP disregard for life and health
Keep up the good work Senator. Republicans drafted the bill in secret with no Dem input because they knew you'd oppose their disastrous bill
When your pension is at risk just  like those Americans  Illinois,  then we will start listening to you. State level before federal.
He's a US Senator, not IL Senator.
Do your job! We need affordable healthcare. ACA has made us broke. Can't afford to go to Dr after paying premiums.
Wow you must be a speed reader to have read it and condemned it already.
You could have helped create it, but all Dems want to do is obstruct. Also pit bull comment shows how ignorant you really are
Not true, 13 R's locked themselves behind closed doors and wouldn't work with anyone, even other R's.
Then why didn't they come up with something different on their own? They didn't want to make the effort, easier to complain about it.
Why didnt the R's come up with something better over the last 8 years? Instead they waited until the last minute & hid behind a locked door.
Wouldnt matter what they would have come up with, O would veto. Kinda like now. I guess they could do nothing and watch O care implode.
So instead of TRYING to work together they just did nothing. Now they are trying to ram this thru w/o hearings. Can't wait to see CBO score!
BOTH sides did nothing. Now O care is failing, too expensive, lacks choices, etc.. Might get rammed through like O care. Might not.
The #ACA wasn't rammed thru. There were Months of hearings and negotiations, not 13 white men behind a locked door & no time to collaborate.
Used car salesman in real life.
He is a big fraud and doesn't care about the American people.
You need to retire. You are a disaster for Illinoisans and America! You passed ACA that screwed the Middle Class over.
You had your chance to help; but instead kisses @SenSchumer ass and obstruct. Couldn't even come up with a bill to fix ACA. RETIRE POS!
Please summarize the disastrous points of the bill for your constituents. #AHCA
Thank you. those blogs helped me a lot.
It's called the (D) don't want to work with the (R) When are you going to put  your big boy pants on and get to work.
It was a group of 13 Republicans who hid behind closed doors to draft the new #Trumpcare. Now the R's want to vote on it before discussing.
your pit bull analogy is bad.
Able-bodied adults getting Medicaid takes resources from disabled children getting Medicaid. We can fix that.
Able-bodied adults getting Medicaid takes resources from disabled children getting Medicaid. We can fix that.
Yes and a good many of them receiving Medicaid seem to own a pit bull type dog. Hmm funny how that works.....
STOP trying to save a #GOP/#HeritageFoundation guaranteed profits for healthcare insurance banks & START calling for #MedicareForAll
You can't stop it. Your opinion of it is irrelevant. You financially crippled us with #Obamacare and left us w/o healthcare choices.
