Vegas shooter passed the background checks

Your only goal is confiscation but 2A stands in your way
Money is more important to Republicans and the NRA than 30.000 lives lost to guns each year
Abortion and Planned Parenthoodis more important to dems  and Kills more than guns every year
Source?
You do know there already universal checks. Are you listening? The person who did Las Vegas passed a background check. Or you forget that?
AND WAS HE A MEMBER OF THE GUN MANUFACTURERS LOBBY, THE NRA. REPUBS MAJOR SOURCE OF FUNDS!
Your full of it bud
Where do these polls come from????
This shouldn't even be hard. What is wrong with people?
We believe in the second amendment
I would think that background checks wouldn't be contrary to a "well regulated militia". Maybe you don't like the "regulated" part.
Well then why don't we regulate the press, religion, equal protection clause ?
Hey, don't shoot the messenger. I'm just pointing out whats in the Constitution.
They're not listening to anyone who isn't lining their wallets.
It is not the money it's the pro-gun voters they are scared of. Planned Parenthood gives more money and kills more than NRA members
In-depth background checks are needed!  Keep guns out of the hands of certain People!  I went through one!
Same polling firms that said Hillary would win the presidential election in a blow out?? WE DO NOT PAY MUCH ATTENTION TO FAKE POLLING
One word- Chicago
The majority of voters shown in red on this map voted for less gun restrictions (for Trump) not more
Honest question. What is the concern with background checks? I don't understand why anyone would have a problem with them.
When you have a family heirloom that you want to give to family was purchased before record keeping. No records Govt can't confiscate
Why do you keep pretending there are no background checks already in place?  I had one in order to buy my guns.
They also support tax reform, secure borders, repatriations, quality affordable healthcare, & less business regulations. You listening Dick?
What we need are universal background checks on all members of Congress!!
If we stand together we the people will meet all the challenge and move this country in the right direction
We also support the #25thAmendment by a STAGGERING percentage.
It’s absurd this isnt already a law.
DEAR @NRA: Please contact Sen Durbin (202-224-2152) to schedule a firm date to discuss sensible gun legislation. We'll await your response.
But the #NRA doesn't so the @GOP doesn't care
How stupid are you really? Universal background check is a LAW already. For a long time. 2nd amendment is NOT for negotiation. Traitor.
How about background checks for entering our country Dick?
Never bought a gun that I didn't have a background check, oh I get it, gang members need to go through a dealer to swap theirs. Right on sir
I get a background check with every weapon purchase, nothing new! Sad you are political grandstanding over this issue!
Pass responsible regulations now. "A well regulated militia....."
Are you Listening?????? Just common sense
@SenatorDurbin I know u are busy but can you ask someone to get T to enforce the #RussianSanctionsNow ! It's imperative and deadline passed.
Clean up your own DAMN state before MESSING with the rest of us
Repeal and replace SenateGOP and HouseGOP 2018!! VOTE BLUE!!!
"the right of the people to keep and bear Arms shall not be infringed"

What states don't have them?  Be specific
No, Senator they clearly are not listening. NRA should also tally how many members they lost by being unreasonable and irresponsible.
Where are you getting these poll numbers because unless you are polling at a Hillary book signing it is total bull
Let the people vote instead of congress. Then we will have the truth.  92%supported Hillary too, polls do not tell the truth.
Hey u idiot u have to pass a background check to get a gun now only criminals have un registered guns
These numbers should really be proof solid that our elected officials are CLEARLY bought and paid for!  NRA is the government.
And they’re already law.
Yes, they are but not to us.  #Listening
I wish there was a nation that banned guns that we can point to as a model wait there are and people still kill people kiss my ass dick
Not every American was polled I wasn't and I say no we have given enough ground on gun control Shall not be infringed stop treading on us
That says a lot
Well,are you listening?Get busy & get universal background checks for buying guns from stores,from gun shows,from buying from an individual.
We're talking on deaf ears no one is listening . What will it take to be heard !!
The answer is "no"
Idiot we have background checks. Do something useful
No. They don't. Keep lying, though. I'm liking what it's got you so far.

#gunsense
Are you people on drugs?
Where did you get your numbers from or do you make them up as you go?
since 1966, 948 ppl were killed in US mass shootings. We lose 41k non smokers and 240k annually.  If a life is a life, outlaw cigs too
Senator, if I am selling a gun to my neighbor, how do I run a background check on him? What about his privacy and security?
Why should they listen, when you LIE about what suppressors do?
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=gun+suppressor+sound+effect …
Y'all lie re taxes, healthcare, climate change, too.
Need license to drive/to sell real estate/to cut hair Background check for most jobs but not to buy lethal weapons incl. military style BAD
Do your research before you tweet.  http://Batfe.gov  thanks.
That's because they don't understand what your law would entail. Nearly all legal gun transfers already require a background check.
Dickie you are lying and you know it. Where was the survey taken and who was asked. Quit lying
I for one, support gun control. Too many guns on the streets! No one is safe!
No one is safe huh how many times have you been shot? 
No. They're more interested in NRA $$.
NRA gets it money from members American citizen members
Why.  Its way to logical
how them gun laws working out in chicago, dopey?
WHO was that individual who spoke on the Congressional floor criticizing Trump's attitude toward Puerto Rico. Post him!
C'mon, you know the only voice they're listening to on this is the NRA s
Our elected officials are lying to us to get our votes and return favors to donors.  this is not a democratic process, by all means!
Staggering favor b/c we already have universal background checks in place. Although, doubt accuracy. BTW, have you started working yet?
Every time I purchase a gun I go thru a background check w/ATF, FBI, State & local police. What background check are you talking abt?
Majority rule while preserving minority rights.
NO!!!!!!!
no, they're not. They legislate to please mega donors, not us regular ppl. And do it brazenly now.
No, they're not...
If it doesn't make the sound of money or power, they play deaf..
They are wholly irresponsible and Ignorant, as is Trump.
They can't hear you through the wads of money the NRA keeps stuffing into their ears.
I don’t think they are, Senator!
Hello @GOP .....
How are family members supposed to transfer guns?  More useless bureaucracy.
How about don’t?
How's that federal law not being followed by Sanctuary going? Clean up those unlawful cities and we already have back ground checks. Morals
Need it for verifying voting registration too
No they don't! You lie. Stop spewing lies and just do your job. Otherwise, get out of politics and let someone else get things done.
Congressman @PeterRoskam - Join your Senator for a discussion!
They don’t fucking listen. Their $ is the most important.
Ass
Did Bloomberg pay for that poll? You know what they say; "figures don't lie, but liers figure".
They can't hear you, they've built a wall around them with their stacks of blood money.
And who are you talking about
Let's see, Russians approve their government by approximately the same percent that we disapprove of ours?  Oy!
#oustGOP
How much Weinstein money are you sitting on? Trying to pivot.
So much for the will of the majority ruling !!!
This isn't a democracy the majority doesn't rule bc thats dangerous called tyranny of majority look it up how does a  not know basic shit
... ifs called form 4473. We already have it. No background check would have stopped the Vegas shooter.
No they're  not.
It’s almost like MOC do their rich donors’ bidding, and not what their constituents want them to do.  
I support term limits.  Vote them out!!!!
Why? So we can have more incompetent fuckups like Trumpty Dumpty?
You know they aren't. Democrat voters support progressives. Please be sure you don't give us a slate of Neo liberals.
What hat did you pull those numbers out of dickie?
Stop trying to disarm law abiding citizens.
But the NRA owns the GOP so it's not what Americans want it's what the NRA want's
What's that? Speak up. The tinnitus from my last trip to the range has left me a little deaf.
Except for #Jared.

