WELL, you are sitting on the sidelines, 95.000.000 (that is millions) Americans are out of a job, and you and your fellow Dems are sitting..
Now you care about history?You and you're wacko liberals are tearing down history all over our country!Now it's important to you?HYPOCRITE!
I'm sitting on the sideline plotting on what I'm gonna do when it's black people turn.
What's stopping you?
I just said why.
But thou shalt remember Yah: for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant...

#KeepStriving
What history will see is BAD politicians who did nothing to enforce US borders or law, which hurt our country. Vote you OUT for our future!
Maybe you and schumy the clown should stop whining and start legislating.
Wear your dunce cap tomorrow.
We cannot sit on the sidelines while you attack nominees for their religious beliefs. #shame #hack #posterchild4termlimits
stop going against the immigration laws and the constitution.We are a country of laws that we will follow.No more law breakers in office
Of NOW you want to come off the sidelines? You sat on your ass for how long while illegals aliens invaded? You support the wrong people.
If they have to leave, Canada will get a lot of talent which we will lose.  Canada is inviting a lot of Dreamers in.
Talent?? We have all the talent that we need in this country from white people. Canada can take our talented robbers, rapists, murderers ...
Given the sheer $ value ADD of these young people this is a no brainer #DefendDACA
Durbin is an America Hater!!
It's called "law "
And hurricane victims? Get your priorities in order
Well get to work
On the sidelines and worry about the illegals. SHAME ON YOU.
Thank you for fighting for what's right for the past 16yrs on this 
The fact that they--and you--would demand protection by a violation of our country's Constitution is troubling. @amyklobuchar
but we have been for a couple of years now.  what changed? O thats right,  a president who making congress do their job.  my bad.
We’ve all benefited from white people in building this country. Why are you in favor of destroying our race? 
Stop the third world invasion!
Your right now do your job and fix it you have 6 months forget politics and fix it right tic tic tic

If they are living with fear, it is because under the Dems rule allowed the President to break Constitutional law.  Failed again!
I know right? What a hopeless scenario for your inevitable faith to be in the hands of Congress. My heart goes out to them I know their pain
Stop pandering and work for actual Americans.
History will remember that you catered to those who belong to another country, instead of your own countrymen.
thank you senator dick durbin
2/2 If you want DACA, get off your butt and make it a law.  You're a hypocrite and you owe Professor Barrett an apology.
1/2 And yet, you're the one that talked about not following the Constitution.  DACSA was done by an XO and can be undone by one also.
History is also watching the genocide of unwanted preborn children in America
DICK if you spent as much time on other matters pertaining to your job could you imagine how much you would get done.
Your hatred of immigration law & Catholicism is stunning.
Yes, we do. 
How about when Americans are fearful? The EA was executive overreaching to the 100 power. It was crimial.
With this statement you are violating our Constitution and Laws. You should be removed from office immediately.
Take over your house ! Problem solved. No meeting, no special groups or waiting for bills to passed. Good job super Dick
We should also take a small % of congress pay to pay for the bills they pass or don't pass. Put them on commission
What about the folks in your home state. We live in fear of the next tax increase.
So true!
What about all the babies u kill every year with ur pro choice decision u don't seem to care about them
So, what are you doing about the situation other that tweeting about it?
Legal US Citizens live in fear daily with the damage that people like you-Democrats do, while pushing a radical Progressive Marxist agenda.
Their future is in Mex. not in the US that they are trying to take over with their numbers. That was their plan accord. to their Pres. Nieto
A gazillion white Appalachian meth/opioids trash here in south. #TN #VA #WV #KY #cylcesofpoverty #cyclesoflazy #cyclesoffelons
We cannot sit in the sidelines while our Americans and veterans are living in fear about their future.
Call Congress together. These kids need to start road to Citizenship. If they don't want to do that, or can't, those folks should leave
Maybe history will remember the 1,000 seats the DemocRAT party lost between 2010 and 2016...
Continuing on the path of those who came before you...and so Legislation will live to protect generation after generation of Americans.
We all  got here by immigration  so we need to show America has a heart and soul keep up the fight  don't let history show us heartless
Stop blowing hot air -do something if you want to protect #Dreamers. Trump did the right thing putting their fate in the hands of Congress!
Yes Senator We As Americans Must Stand Up For The Rights Of Dreamers That is the Core of American Values ROS
It's violating our Constitution and Laws. WE don't make deals with our Constitution.Why support illegals over American citizens????
Criminality cloaked in compassion is still illeagal.
You get busy now!
You just keep spreading hate and division. Why don't you all be big boys and girls and work w/congress. EO was not legal and was temporary.
We have to send the invaders home they came with families to take over the US as the Pres of Mexico Nieto said on twitter today.
