How about you get on Obama care and see how that works out.
Are you currently on one of the ACA exchange policies?  If so, what is your current premium and annual deductable?
I'm on a plan. $1000.00 deductible no limits, free generic drugs & it's blue Cross & mth premium is 125.98 & that includes dental.
Blue cross here charges over $200 wk with 5k deductible dental is extra .gen.drugs have a copay
I'll explain. DT hopes to rid the weak population like poor children, elderly, disabled. He is "cleansing" the population that is $ burden.
All of Congress should have access only to same insurance as the rest of us. No special treatment. #healthcare
I agree, but I know of a bunch of men and women over on Capital Hill who will vehemently disagree with that!!!
They are not, Dick. By the way, how do I look?
You represent Republicans?
Good question, @SenateMajLdr we stand with Democrats and Repubilcans who are protecting our healthcare. You will be held accountable.
How can you in good conscience impose ACA on the people you represent and exempt yourself?
Sign up for #ACA???
@GOP has no soul.
Because they sold it
Maybe this is the issue Senator...in Canada our politicians get the same healthcare we do, perhaps that drives better legislation?
The politicians were exempt from obamacare.
In Canada, our politicians have to live with what they legislate.They aren't exempt, they don't get access to anything anyone else can't get
Do you have the same health ins. As those you represent.
Yes, I'm one. 63 but hope to get to 65. HMO (ugh) with BCBS. Will it be offered again? $1500/mo is cheap compared to no insurance!
Because you get yours for free,
Get the government out of our healthcare!!!  Full repeal!!!
Don't repeal FIX
And I bet it's pretty good insurance, too.
Then maybe you all should be on the same plan you create for the rest of us.
Seriously, Obama care is useless and too expensive, it needs to be bipartisan to work. We all know that won't happen.
Americans ask that question daily, Sir. Please hold the floor and stop the Koch Bros from killing us for profit. #NoGrahamCassidyDeathBill
Give  We the People  ,the health  care you have as a Senator!
Excellent point !!!
Are you for real the cost of Obamacare is killing the American people
What good is health care if we can't afford it ? I have http://ins.now  can't afford to use it! Next year I'll pay the fine
If you like it so much you need to have it without the taxpayers subsidizing it for you.
You DO know that is ultimately the plan, right? 
Ha ha ha
You don't represent anyone's interests except your own (and those of your donors). #IllinoisVotersAreFools
Vote and replace
Why don't you get on Obamacare, LIKE the people you represent. Show some good faith
Ted Cruz did.
Please introduce an amendment to take this benefit away. Our elected officials should be on the same healthcare as we are & on minimum wage.
Agree but wait.... perks of their job
You made it unaffordable to millions in 2010.
I feel like I just said that.. oh wait, that's because I say it daily. Thank you 
Sound familiar?
Congress should be mandated 2 have the same insurance that they want us to have.
Why aren't you asking them that exact question?!
Why aren't you on Obamacare? If so good I'm thinking you thieves should have it
you do know there is a difference between healthcare and heath insurance ?
Because that's what their donors want
WHY DO YOU HAVE SPECIAL HEALTH CARE ---IF OBAMACARE IS SO FRIGGIN GREAT
Mr. Senator, do you represent the people of IL or Democratic Party interests? They are not the same thing, apparently.
You Sir should be required to have Obamacare as your healthcare insurance. Your tone would be quite different.
No senator would ever take support away from those they represent. Therefore, they must represent other than their constituents.
WHATEVER BENEFIT PACKAGE YOU GET SHOULD BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE AMERICAN CITIZENS TOO!
You need the same coverage as the rest of us. #equalwithus
Why don’t you try Obama Care?  Or give the rest of us the same insurance YOU get?
If @RepKinzinger 'a track record is any indication, Republicans DON'T represent the people; they represent special interest $$$
Umm...because they're, generally speaking, a criminally corrupt white trash political party. They're like a "Dukes of Hazzard" cliche.
And why, Dear Senator should you have different insurance rights then me?
Medicare for All...
Could you talk to my other congressmen for me?  I can't get in touch with them.  I'm at 61704 Rodney Davis doesn't answer.
If Obama care is so good why aren't you and the rest of you on it.
What is, "Because they're evil trolls beholden to the Koch Brothers?" I'll take "Obvious Questions W/Obvious Answers" for $800, Alex
Assuming U live w #ACA #Obamacare
Increased costs & deductibles
Narrow networks
Dropped coverage?
Time for #executiveorder @realDonaldTrump
Exactly.  Double standard and it's absolutely wrong to even be having this discussion again!!!!  Republicans need to stop this hypocrisy.
Are you on Obamacare?? Have your premiums tripled in the last 8years?? Don't act like you know what it's like to be a citizen.
Why not cancel your own? See what it is like with NONE.
Because republicans don't represent the people. They represent authoritarian stong man rule . The are decrepit old white men
Because they are satans workers
And who pay for your healthcare.....
You're a Senator right?  Shouldn't you ask your peers why letting constituents die as y'all get cancer treatments is okay? Don't ask me.
Because they're all inveterate dicks?
America deserves the same quality health insurance that we pay for, for government employees. Expand the pool Let us in.
That is THE question, isn't it?
Yeah you have the best insurance... we have crap!! Obamacare sucks
Save biafrans from on going genocide
The do not have any interest
Biafrans are dying in Nigeria #free biafra# free Nnamdi kanu's body or let hear his voice
with not a thought, that's the whole deal with the privileged  they think the tax payers money is for their luxuries...its dam the people
Damn straight. Thanks!
Because its not about Healthcare. It's about Saving Face.
Good question sir. Perhaps you & your colleagues should feel the insecurity of open market.
Do you even understand there are millions still w/o insurance & or have premiums so high they opt to pay the fine? Whats your Plan big mouth
You like ACA SO MUCH YOU SIGN UP FOR IT SENATOR
Only the rich peoples matter bra
.Let's see. Maybe...
Because they are republican paid agents for Koch and the rest of the 1% who buy them off every year.
You have more than "access" - you gave taxpayer-funded health care PROVIDED to you.  Big difference.  Many have access but can't afford.
How about giving every American the same health coverage you currently have in Congress?  #GodForbid
Answer your own questions, hypothetical or not. Playing the victim is getting old.
Why do we even have to fight and beg for healthcare? It is ridiculous
Give the average citizen the same plan you have Sir!
Because republicans love the rich and hate the poor and sick.
It's very easy for them. They're sociopaths.
Tell @SenSanders to stop taking the focus away from this fact!!
Yep
Are you on Obama care? Why not prove it's so great and join up
Why don't you attach an amendment that mandates Congress, Aides, Secretaries receive identical insurance with same costing to beneficiary?
So then you are in favor for #MedicareForAll ?
What really irks me is that they want to take away but keep what works for THEM not the constituents. Why is this okay, how can they justify
Ask them directly. Be prepared for an ugly answer.
@senrobportman sen Can you answet this question. #GrahamCassidy doesn't help your constituents, especially those with addictions. Vote NO!
The Executive Branch+Cabinet/Judicial Branch rep all of us so that's ok...
Why aren't Sen/Con covered by their states instead of all of us...Why should my taxes pay for ins for someone that is not my rep...
Because that is what the Scumbag Party has always done.
Senator, giving states the money to spend on the health care needs of their people as the see fit is not "ripping away health care"!
It is quite simple.  To become a Republican, you must first divest yourself of a soul.
Good question.
What is "Money, Greed, and Entitlement"? for $1000 Alex.
Good question, I can answer that w/one word - MONEY!
I'm happy to pay more in taxes so that others can live, go to school, eat, end homelessness, fix roads, be healthy.
They are not ripping healthcare from the people they represent. The Koch brothers will be fine.
Senator, you all should be on the same plan as your constituents! Period!
Why don't republicans care about all Americans? Limit government in other ways, don't permit families to die. It's going to be devastating.
When Senators return to there home districts this week they better be confronted long loud and aggressive if needed
Let's take theirs away,  let them see the devastation that would affect their families.
@SharylAttkisson Yes you do and it much better than what you gave Americans. GOP trying to make it better for us.
Cause their cult leader 45 has so ordered it
#Health Insurance is NOT #HealthCare Senator. Direct Pay Free Markets remove Third Party Controllers from Medicine & lets Drs. do their jobs
@jimmykimmel Help me! I need people to join my sit in at Lisa Murkowski's DC office Monday 9/25 from 9 am to 9 pm
Many of them apparently have no problem with it. Please encourage them to STOP trying to undo the ACA and LET IT BE. IT WORKS.
In NH there is only one option. That's what a localized monopoly is!
You need to lose your too.  As does @SpeakerRyan. You are not an aristocracy.
maybe @BarackObama could stand in for @SenSanders on Monday CNN ACA vs TrumpCare debate.  I think he could turn the tide.
Because they don't care
There is no reason the public should be subsidizing yours and your staff health care.
Yes you have a Cadillac health plan. How about you join the people you represent and go to Obamacare let's see how long it will last then
Hubris, greed and a robust smattering of racism.
@SenatorDurbin, and without CBO score. I thought there were rules
Is that a serious question? The answer is always “follow the money” sir. Their donors are telling them to do it. And give a big tax cut too
#Greed!!
Greed, all has too do with greed
The Koch brothers have 400 million reasons why...
Because the Koch brothers told them to! We know you're all on the take anyway pal
Because they aren't. They're not ripping healthcare away from big donors or the corporations they work for or own. THAT is who they rep.
Not only do they have access but we pay for theor #heall
Because that's who Republicans ARE!  They must obey their owners i.e. Kochs, ALEC, Heritage, Chamber.  They have NO say. #Resist
How could Republicans rip away healthcare from the people they represent? Because Republicans.
Because the KOCH BROS told them to do it
Sounds like a very reasonable request
Easy. The more they take away the larger their bank accounts grow.
How indeed sir, how indeed.
It's easy for them. Millions in campaign donations from Koch network of PACs.
Whats strange is you work with these people every day and till don't know the answer to your question.
If it's so great why don't you have it?
The americans are still living as in a banana republic - just like the least developed countries in the world.
Could you say that a little louder? Now, offer a few bribes. You know it takes $ for the @SenateGOP to make decisions.

How come YOU Dickie don't have Obamacare If it was that good? You lying weasel!
They don't care about the people they represent. They care about the almighty 
Too many are beholden to big $ donors and are trying to hold onto power. They care nothing of their constituents.
Because they are terrorists. The republican congress is analogous to a terrorist gang.
The same people that pay for the healthcare all of congress enjoys. The American people, we're not worthy of the same care? Fight for US.
From a guy exempted from Obamacare ... and a state whose finances are in shambles from complete lack of financial discipline.
Since WE - ur constituents pay 4 ur insurance - we could mobilize to simply refuse to pay our taxes which pays 4 ur ins.  Try 2 jail us all
Apparently by having clandestine meetings with a chosen few n pushing the bill through B4 CBO scores it and by bribing holdouts
Maybe if you didn't take money from insurance companies, we could talk single payer. Dissapointed i voted for you
The reason every American should have the same insurance as their representative have.
Senator Durbin. The GOP doesn't represent "the people" they represent "the Oligarchs" and the insurance and drug companies they own.
Well, they promised the Koch brothers they would, and they get very sad when the GOP disappoints them. Also, no more money.
It's called $400 million dollar paycheck from the Koch brothers....
they have insurance they dont care if we do. If they had to live off of what we had to live off of and buy insurance they feel differently.
Government health insurance.
EXACTLY! The utter sanctimony in deeming what health care the peons are allowed to have is #disgusting. @GOP we WON'T for this ego vote.
How about Medicare for all but not for GOP in government?
Because, for the most part, the politicians are bought by the Koch brothers. They would rather line their pockets than serve.
All gov't employees—including Congress—should receive no special health coverage. Past time for US to join civilized world. #MedicareForAll
I have no problem with Congress receiving excellent healthcare, so long as every other American does, too.
Exactly. And #MedicareForAll will work only if legislators & admin all have same coverage we do—no more posh plans for them while ppl die.
For $$ because that's all they care about
Senators should have the same health insurance as citizens. I bet the industry would be fixed in a blink of an eye!
If the ACA is repealed your costs are still going to rise. When has a for profit corporation ever tried to not make a profit? NEVER!
Ding, ding, ding!!!!   Truly nailed it.
And there you have it.
They are heartless bastards?
Because the #ACA was passed & associated with President Obama. If a white male president passed ACA, I'm sure @SenateMajLdr could fix flaws
Most importantly, why does congress vote to exempt itself from the healthcare bill they pass for the rest of us?
Because the majority of the current crop are morally bankrupt. We need to vote them out of office.
How can you even think about bailing out the insurance companies who have destroyed America's health care system?
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/obamacare-is-failure-no-republicans.html …
#indeed.  Let US all pay the $503 premium yiu guys pay ..
Here's what the Senate caused. Biggest scam in History. insurance your made to buy but can't use.
Because the Koch Brothers said they had to.
Does $400 million from the Koch brothers sound familiar?
Their policies wont win them elections. Cheating,hacking &lying aren't cheap,they need$or their careers r over.
You did it when you passed Obumercare and lied about it, "like your plan you can keep your plan"
That you called it obumercare automatically excludes you from debate.
Don't see a debate here Just Durbin spinning his usual tall tales
