About as much time Obamacare.
Ha! This is utter hypocrisy! Where was this outrage when Pelosi said: "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it"?
Nope. There was a lot of misinformation spread by GOP b4 ACA. Her point: don't listen to that, wait to see what's in the bill.
I lived in CA when Pelosi said that. There was NO civil discourse prior to ACA becoming law, especially the pervasive intrusion of privacy.
Intrusion of privacy? & 120 GOP amendments, monthlong markup in Cg and lots of public discussion. If u mean no civil GOP discourse, I agree
I'm taking about lawmakers interacting with constituents. Sometimes representative democracy oversteps it's bounds. ACA is one such time.
Why can't you people just look after your poor and sick, what's the problem, do they have to be dying in the gutter first.
Filibuster, Filibuster by amendment, and with hold consent. Don't let McConnell and co get away with destroying the democratic process.
The Democratic process is being destroyed by the "resist" label of the dem party. Come to the table and get to work. Dems taking away boice
I'm sorry but with a closed door drafting & zero hearings there is NO table to come to. Were you ok with GOP obstruction for last 8 years?
We are taxed to death in this state. Unions too much power. Pensions out of control. Poor preforming school. Who wants to buy a house in IL?
Yes IL taxes are high and will only go up if this healthcare bill passes as it puts financial and regulatory onus on the states. IL can't.
Pelosi: "we need to pass it to find out what's in it"
Hmmmm... does this sound familiar? "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it"? Yeah, Pelosi on Obamacare.
Senator, I appreciate your efforts to draw attention to this deplorable state of affairs. As an Illinoisan, I urge you to #WITHHOLDCONSENT
Same as Obamacare but I bet it won't suck as much
You should be ashamed of yourself. You voted for failed obamacare. Nancy Pelosi said. "we need to pass bill in order to read it. Forgot that
Way to hurt the citizens in Illinois. You are a joke and have always been a joke. Resign and let a woman take over.
Even if it's an excellent bill you will reject it! Sad for you all to have the right to treat us so unfairly!
Still much better than the failed DemRATS evil program that was forced down our throats with lies and deception.
Plus the fact that not even their base approves of it. Are they that rabid and deranged with dear leader at the helm?

@SenatorDurbin
Umm, how can you criticize a bill that you have not seen?
Because it's practically the same bill the House put out. 

@BryanBroome1 @SenatorDurbin
How much choice does the American public have in the marketplace? #getinvolved #gettowork Last might @POTUS invited you to participate!

Just like #Obamacare have to pass it to,use what's in it sucks when the shoe is in the other foot doesn't it
Gosh, you'd think that dems were writing this bill, sorta like obummercare...
Your points about the Republican Healtg Care bill can't be just as easily applied to the ACA Senator...
Can we also know which ins. Comp(s) fund campaigns. As well as BP. Talk about the rebate system for ins. comp. Do something for the people
Talk to people that cannot currently get meds perscribed by doc. Our healthcare system is so far removed from patient care . Even B4 now
Allow for tech. And patient awareness and stop allowing ins. Comp. to do things for their buddies. Reform for patients and doctors
YOUR LIBERAL POLICES have run #Illinois into the ground just as YOU DEMOCRATS gave us the #Obamacare disaster!
And your plan?? How about tax relief,road/bridge repair  Look at the dam roads in your state!
no secret when we have democrats out lying about it
Maybe Turbin Durbin needs 2read Senate rules Dingy Harry did worst pushing OweBamaCare at us he was going 4 single payer like all Libs want
It's not on the floor. It has to go to committee Then the house and the Senate with conference before sending it to POTUS Reid & Pelosi did2
It's time 4 everybody in Illinois 2 vote out Dick Durbin he's been office way 2 long the taxes are outrageous he doesn't do a thing about it
You, Obama and the rest of the democrats are responsible for America's neighborhoods being terrorized by illegal gangs!
You did not object to that when ACA shoved down our throats ....
They'll sadly have plenty of time to read it when they're waiting in the emergency room with lots of other people who lost their insurance!
Filibuster by amendment and with hold consent. Slow it down so the people can see how it will affect them. Especially children and elderly.
@BryanBroome1 Schumer made it clear the Democrats would not participate & instead would fight and resist at every juncture.
Yes and we got zero to read the 1000s of pages of Obamacare
That Zero seems to signify how much help this bill will help Americans.
If the GOP gets away with this to go with @realDonaldTrump way of  "leading" we are no better than the country's we detest. #Follow4Follow
We have to pass it to see what's in it, silly.
How do you like something when what it pertains to you detest?  Cant believe USA is becoming a COMMUNIST state.  THIS LUNACY HAS TO STOP!
Illinoisans are counting on you to vote NO on TrumpCare! Thank you for representing Illinoisans with respect and dignity!
Didnt have time to read ACA bill either. Remember when Pelosi said "We have to vote on it to see what's in it".
Unlike PPACA where we had to pass the bill to find out what was in it.
"We need to pass the bill so we can see what's in it!" How little we remember!
The truth about liars is they can't remember the truth because they perpetually lie about the truth. You really shouldn't tweet
They do not care about the American public.
You weren't concerned whe the American public or republicans didn't have time to read @Obamacare. What's the concern now? Course correction?
Thank you again Mr. Durbin for voicing our concerns. Please keep fighting the good fight.
Sounds oddly familiar
Hypocrisy Alert! Dick you forget how yournparty needed to pass@it to see whats in it. Repeal the Obama Tax Care Plan now!
Also the number of wins by democrats in special elections 
How about that trillion dollar stimulus package that was just a bailout for unions and such???
#NoHearingNoVote @SenatorDurbin
How is it a "Secret Bill" you & your Democratic Cabal have been saying for months how Horrible it is
Which is it? 
One is an outright Lie!
So you posted this to confirm that you're all the same? All pawns bowing to your corporate masters or prosecute collusion/monopolies. Choose
Stop the Bill
It is astounding that Americans who need this healthcare still have no clue what it will be. How come health of Americans the secret?
As ur leader famously said" u have to pass the bill to see whats in it" remember that? Hows ur state finances coming along senator? haaaaaaa
When did you get concerned about Americans?  #FakeNews ?
we need to address crosschecking in the election and speak about what the republicons are doing
#FullRepeal Thats what voters were promised... #MAGA Get govt. out of HC! #Ponzi
Pls remove pro-life from your profile. Anyone who supports removing healthcare from over 20 million people is not pro-life
having a card in ur pocket is not healthcare, 1 carrier in 20 states, zero access do the research stop watching msnbc
#FreeMarket
Not true my friend. 179 hearings plus public debate. I knew exactly what was in the ACA bill b4 it was passed.
Why are they allowed to do this, there were a ton of hearings, stakeholder input, not to mention R amendments, for the ACA. @SenatorDurbin
Cute graphic.
Like #Obamacare that #Democrats pushed through without ANYBODY READING IT?? @SenatorDurbin you Fraud!!
hmmmmmm hamfisting a bill through the House and Senate as an unreadable megapackage of secretive nonsense. Doesn't this sound familiar Dick?
Not correct. There were a ton of debates & hearings.

@AicenFeir @SenatorDurbin




