Why do people not get this?
More libbie nonsense. But no surprise. Libs have absolutely no common sense and do not realize they have been grubered by their demmie pols
Well, time to put in those ammendments.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for standing for the people of IL and Americans across the country.
Do you have to ask why Senator?
Fake news, the guy lying has the perfect first name!
It wasn't because of that section,  it was all the other crap that was included.  They try to overload the bill with bs.
Didn't the Nazis pull this shit...
The far right are getting rid of those they condider undesirables by doing nothing to stop them dying prematurely.
Yep, the Nazis experimented on those less fortunate and murdered the rest... Full circle... Shameful.
I never thought people would fall for the same shit again. Don't they know how it ended the last time? For  all concerned?
They say we are developed, I'm not so sure we all are, some have got stuck and refuse to budge. Learn lessons the hard way. Shameful
I think its another faultv line where we as a society are diverging. So many now.
Driven by hate preachers like Trümpet and the Tories! No profit in peace... Shame we must go through this again and again. Gets boring...
Boredom is the least of it but i know what you mean.
1 Hitler began w/killing the Disabled.WE MUST STOP DENYING IT! TRUM P WAS INSTALLED BY PUTIN TO DESTROY OUR DEMOCRACY & IMPLEMENT FACISM!
2 Putin's involvedment in our Election was a caveat, to his Political Coup. Trump's already exhibited characteristics in creating Fascism.
3 We can no longer deny Trump & his regime are Putin's weapons of mass destruction. We need Patriots to denounce this Manchurian Candidate
Dear @SenatorDurbin, the Dem health bill, ACA, left a ton of Americans w/o health care. Getting sanctimonious now seems phony.
Democrats in Congress--including you, @SenatorDurbin--have failed to serve the interests of Dem Party voters.
It's time for a wave of Dem retirements in Congress, state legislatures & party offices. You Hillary supporters have failed.
Durbin is a political hack and not a very good one evidently. He bent over for chuckles when dirty harry skittered away.
God don't like ugly & neither does Karma
Is transgender a disability? Just wondering..
Shameful? U r suppose 2b servant of the people, yet make more $$ than the people an impose health care plan u & colleagues don't have.
Most of us with disabilities already know Republicans would rather us die so they can buy nicer things.
That's All political parties. U better believe that. #survivalofthefittest
So it's a good thing that people with disabilities die? This is like a thing you root for? I'm just making sure I hear you correctly?
Not surprising. GOP is notoriously pro-life only until birth.
More nonsense
@SenJohnMcCain is out doing himself by the day

After what Dems already did to Americans' healthcare, you should now be the last ones to negatively comment! #MAGA #NoGovtHealthcare
Excuse me, you think I'm against healthcare? I devoted my life's work to the medical field.
Which is why the rotten bastards voted to put besty in charge of education, I seriously doubt that she can find her own ass with both hands
I've seen a lot of hate filled people but never in one place @GOP
That's terrible.
#shameful
The GOP is going to pay for this at the ballot box for their hatred and ignorance.
So why did you vote for this bill and stand with @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  who are TRUE Patriots and stood by the ppl

Thank you for your steadfast support of keeping Americans alive.
Douchebags, all of em!
please keep fighting for us-our daughter has special needs/Medicaid is her health insurance/gives her services for optimal quality of life
I know how you feel. I also have a son with a rare diesase. Play sports then at 10 full time wheelchair no longer can walk/medicaid he needs
Sending love and hugs to you and your son, Kim..
Divide and conquer -- it's a war strategy. Get rich Dick, take advantage of that insider stock-trading these Wall Street boys will give ya.
How do WE THE PEOPLE pass a law that forces THEM to use the same healthcare plan they write for US? THATS how WE get the BEST PLAN!
Shameful
It too bad dem politicos can't just do da right thing and not be an everyday jock sniffer. Have some nads fellers.
Hahahahha what did you expect! I salute the republicans for staying true to themselves. They are garbage like that.
Republicans not for people with disabilities 
They shamelessly use my tax dollar for their rehabs
But needy can't. That $ is for tax credits
Says the Marxist who exempted himself from horrific Obamacare, that he helped jam down the throats of American citizens against their will
Congress isn't exempt from the ACA. Actually they added an amendment to make themselves exempt from this new bill & KEEP ACA for themselves.
Not true
Believe nothing this detestable serial liar says
Shameful and sad. On the bright they're draining the swamp
WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSE TO DO SENATOR? I am disabled and I am one of your constituents!!!!! I was better off be4 THE AFFORDABLE HEALTHCARE ACT!
Shameful, regrettable, unforgivable. And ultimately, unforgettable...in 2018.
Let that sink in people.
This is disgusting
Great

#HOOSCAL: Which political participant of the Russia collusion / Russia mob ties, will be jailed first? Post a photo with hashtag HOOSCAL. 
Thank you for voting
My son has MD. So tired of people looking at his wheelchair & disregarding  him. Guess I shouldn't b surprised that our government would too
Well I am Disabled and you democrats have objected any changes to Obama care.
We're being culled.
they are lower than dirt. God help them
@SenateGOP Shame. Money and party over country.
Republicans have no soul, only blackened greed ridden hearts. Time all of them loose their health care. I'm tired of paying for it!
Disgraceful. To be shameful, they need to know what shame is. The majority dont
Shameful yes. Surprising no.
We know all of you guys cater to corporations, stop pretending that we don't know that by using this witch hunt mentality
Shameful
No you are shameful. Look at your state of Illinois. Shameful shameful
It shows me how negligent the Republicans are.
Please help me protect this giant ball of awesome!
The pics of your boy are awesome. 
He's our joy, and thank you 
That's Sickening
They seem to forget it was Republican president GHW Bush who signed the ADA into law in 1990. Disabled Americans of all parties thank him.
Call it what it really is Senator-genocide
#firerepublicancongress #FireTheMadKing
@SenToddYoung What is wrong with you? Shameful.
They will be sorry in the end...
As a Canuck I watched for the stupidity of the orange clown. Now I watch a country on the edge of Fascism and praying we can resist.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for standing up for us
Are you voting to confirm Wray who must have taken the loyalty oath to get nominated.  Trump only wants loyal people.
@OrrinHatch I thought you were all for the ADA, you just don't care about their healthcare?
Living in Illinois I am ashamed our Senator that constantly obstructs, doing nothing to help middle class that cannot afford high ins costs.
So many being destroyed by the disability determination process. I waited 5 years, without healthcare, lost nearly all. ACA saved my life.
Sir make sure your secret plan on the recess is is implemented soon..Please!!!!!The Prez has to go and everyone knows it..Do your jobs !!!
How about a national referendum on the healthcare plan? It's OUR healthcare after all (esp since congress exempts themselves from it).
Think there are a lot of them that wld like the disabled,elderly,Mexicans,Muslims, Blacks&LBGTQ's to just go away.We know T voters want that
Their sickness has no bounds....
@Solutioneer72
Oh god, that's awful

@Billbrowder RIGHT NOW! CSpan3 hearing unfolding now.
We need to step back and examine the moral priorities of our country. Without clarity, we will decline as a nation. #countryoverparty
Need Big Pharma/Big Ins $ flowing! Oh, and tax cuts for the rich - priorities, Senator, priorities!!
The Grand Old Party is now the Greedy Odd Party. So sad!
Very. My brother was severely disabled. Sadly, I'm almost glad he passed before all this happened.
And they call themselves "pro-life".
Downright embarasding@
Shame on you, @senrobportman - Ohio won't forget this, nor your vote for BCRA. Start listening to our governor.
They stand by Trump's mockery of people with disabilities.
This sums up the GOP:
Senator, shameful is where .@GOP begins. Treason is where I fear it will end. Rs must be regarded as enemies of America.
@GOP is shameless...
What does it say about the Democratic Party when we can't beat these heads...
.@SenateGOP @HouseGOP #2018
#hypocrite #shameful @GOP @SenCoryGardner
Seriously what's their problem? Getting their agenda no matter cost? Ignorance of facts? Greed? They're not listening 2 their constituents
Heartless a-holes.
I think the republicans have a disability
Not a single Republican senator should be allowed in politics. They are shameful people.
Why are vulnerable disabled people in US and UK being treated like 2nd class citizens??  there for the grace of God go hi  shameful
@jodel933 they hate women & the disabled , sociopaths the whole lot
Shameful 
Best way to get support for an bills and amendment is to let the public know beforehand. Tell the media before & after votes.
@badsamaritan121 Hopefully Americans who believe in constitution think work every day pay taxes R learning how mean Repubs R
#MemoirProject:Ch9(Future)
#TrumpWonElections
#Voting60Percent
#Voting100MillionDidnot
#VotingBelgium87Percent
#VotingCompulsoryLikeTaxes
Wow!
This entire healthcare circus is shameful, sir.
Where did these REPUBLICANS come from? What kind of ppl vote 4 heartless politicians like this?THEY'RE the new NAZIS.
That includes the Maverick folks!
Did you think they would? You been there for years how could you not know what's in the heart's like killing Americans for profit.
That's why our Votes Do Matter & Everyone needs to vote in 2018..
Blinded by hate they cannot see the light.
When will you call them out as enemies of the American people? Say the words: Radical Republican  Terrorism #GOPKills #TrumpCareKills
This really is shameful. We need to remember each and every outrage and spit it back to them at each campaign rally.
Wouldn't the healthcare battle be put on hold if impeachment was on the table? Don Jr gave you what you need to pursue it.
@SenateMajLdr is this true? U all don't give a rat's patootie about #Americans w/disabilities? What's wrong w/u? Where is the humanity? Sad
Thank God! The bill is a disaster
Is someone going to offer an amendment adding 45 billion in opioid funding? I seem to recall a lot of GOP interest in this 2-3 weeks ago.
The amendments are just beginning...Offer a solution and quit bitchin
Not even the maverick @SenJohnMcCain ?
Fascist Playbook. Blame the sick & elderly.
Could we stop shaming each other and work together?
More GOP disfunction. Thanks #POTUS
Did the Awan brothers have access to your PC?
Wasn't it ADA day?  Is @POTUS using code in his tweets to to tell senators how to vote? Are the lunches mass hypnosis? So Russian of him.
Republicans have become ants in an ant line serving a toxic and insane leader.
GOP bill has nothing to do w/ "health" & everything to do w/ protecting CEO's & profits of a $3T "health industry". Patients are now pawns.
Shameful, but not unexpected.  Elections have consequences.
As a person living with mental illness, I am not surprised or disappointed. I expect nothing from these people.
Shame with @GOP , and you @VP calling yourself a real honest Christian , shame with you all.
@SenateGOP SHAME SHAME SHAME
We'll remember for those still around for the next few Elections VOTE REPUBLICANS OUT. Take away their retirements increase their taxes 50%.
@GOP is shameful! They spout off about Christian values and then vote to hurt millions of people. Nothing Christian about that.
What is up with these people? How can they abandon so many? Are they remembering 2018 elections?
Like Hitler he got rid of the sick and disabled before he started with the Jewish ppl. Incredibly sad the GOP hates poor elderly sick & disa
Horrible absolutely horrible
Yes these are the assholes we elected
Not even Collins and Markowski? Wow.  
They are cruel, cruel and selfish people. I really hope that God will address these horrible, evil parasites on humanity, on America.
just think of all the wasted $$ at maralago, trump tower, ski vacations. We suffer and they get our healthcare.
These are facts and their positions! Do NOT let them sweep their positions under bs rhetorical lies !!!!
@SenateGOP Hello? If you are fortunate enough to live to a ripe old age--w/ACA Gold Standard hc protections (10 rules)--YOU WILL BE DISABLED
Aktion T4 https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aktion_T4 
Hardly surprising. They seem to want to purge the undesirables. Callous and cruel people.
Yes and evil.
Yet we pay these moron's healthcare premiums. They are pond scum.
As a mother of a son with Autism this is simply cruel.
I suspect people w/disabilities will be the next group of people on Trump's hit list.  They were dragged out by police.
@SenCoryGardner - Coward
Sick, sick behaviour from Republicans - yet again? Do none of them have the guts to confront Chump head-on?? Disgraceful
We will clean house in 2018.
but you voted to destroy our health care system by sending it into chaos
@SenatorLankford
My brother
And not a Single Democrat voted to at least Debate the Healthcare Bill!  Put up or SHUT UP,
Shameful yes. Surprising? Sadly, no
To them, my beautiful daughter doesn't count! Please keep fighting for people like her!
Chips off the old Trump

Vote them all out, every last one of them.
agree. End SuperPACs. Term limits. #unhackthevote   Constitutional Party.
Republican means Hate.   That's the simple truth @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott
Completely expected. Completely. The mask is off, and the Republican party is revealed for what it is. The party of "Me first."
of course NOT!
Not a single Republican senator voted for an amendment to the health bill that would have protected people with disabilities. Shameful.
. @SenatorDurbin Anyone voting to kill Obamacare will reap the undying, vehement, in-your-face (cont) http://tl.gd/nnvpt1 
Dear @SenatorDurbin 
I am so proud whenever I hear you speak on the news, especially as of late! You make Illinoisans proud!! Thank You Sir!
Not even @SenJohnMcCain or @JeffFlake from #Arizona @KVOA @DanMarriesKOLD SAD
Thank you Senator Dick Durbin for your Honorable and kind Service to The USA.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin. Thankful you are fighting the good fight and that you are my Senator.
But they're soooooooo Christian
They should all be fired! #shamful  #drainetheswamp
Do any of the @GOP consider that their actions may destroy the GOP?
They're likely the next group for @realDonaldTrump to disenfranchise. He'll say #ADA accessibility rules are too burdensome for businesses!
Almost as shameful that you accept paychecks for obstruction.
Keep calling them out, Senator.  Thank you!
Since it's a rework in progress I'm sure it will definitely be addressed & covered asap. Everyone from both sides knows the importance.
Where does the GOP think these people will go for care? Seems like they're content to just let them die? #GOPFAILINGAMERICA @SenateMajLdr
More bravery sits in one wheelchair than resides in the entire Republican cowards-contingent on Capitol Hill.
And that asshole trump is on pace to spend 240+ mill on golf plus 120 mill for sec this yr. $ for sec off rooms goes back to trump org.
No compassion,nat'l heroes week my ass! 10's of 1000's of disabled vets like myself rely on Medicare/caid to help w med exp. GOP ROT IN HELL
#truecolors
Yet, Steve Scalise will probably get great disability pay while he rehabs! I'm sure all the medical aides, walker, cane, wheelchair, covered
Tell me what to do.  My husband is disabled since his stroke.  Obamacare SAVED us.  Say the word and I'm on the phone
Its because they want us dead. There is no other possible reason.
I'm not looking for protection. All I want is a leg prosthetic that doesn't raise a blister every time I go check the mail.
My disabled daughter and I hold you in contempt.
Who are these republican senators? Were they raised by wolves?
brainwashed. In DC too long and out of touch.
You make it sound like their supposed to be Christians or something like that.
Wow, not even the All Talk Express @SenJohnMcCain ?
Gop feel ppl with disabilities, poor &elderly don't measure up &thereby don't matter, so they want healthcare $ 4 them 2go 2gop slush fund!
@serenityzmine There's a special place in HELL for those In power Not protecting the most vulnerable amongst us!
There is a special place in hell for each & every corrupt politician. You reap what you sow. Too bad most of them won't recognize scripture!
Shame doesn't even begin to cover it.
Dont U know Sir, according to Ryan/McConnell only Dems Get Sick/Disabled/Infirmed/Old
Actually -> Deplorable.
Thank you for representing Illinois. This is my beautiful Aspy son. It's representatives like you who made the services he needs available
Tried to call your office to encourage you and your staff in this fight! Hold the line America is with you!
I wish @GOP  would fight as hard for living children as they do for the unborn.
Not a single Republican senator voted for an amendment to the health bill that would have protected people with disabilities. Shameful.

