Developing: ICE detained a woman in the process of renewing her DACA status after she spoke at a press conference https://apnews.com/c7b21a99cbda4d409a36c6d087389423 …
She was in violation of the law. OUT!  Go with her if you don't like the US law.
Could you survive suddenly dropped into a country you haven't seen since childhood?
Yes. And she clearly has family in Argentina.
I love your hatred.
This is what's wrong in the world especially in America. Libs have little usefulness.
Of course they did. Soon there will be neighbors turning on neighbors. Sounds familiar.
I've finally have their hands untied and are allowed to do their job....Kudos!
It would be more disturbing if they didn't.  It's the law, stupid. DACA was illegal
Why disturbing? Was she here illegally? Did she have current #DACA status to be  here?" Pretty arrogant of her to speak out if she didn't.
@DanielDenvir @DHSgov thank you Senator! Imagine the message it sends to other DACA youth who may want to speak in public!!
You have violated your Oath to uphold the laws of OUR CONSTITUTION. Treasonous
That's actually a perfect place to look for illegals. What is disturbing about ICE actually doing their jobs?
as a former illinois resident, I find it disturbing you're still in office Mr Senator.
Deport all illegals, enforce all laws. Execute your oath of office.
thank you for being a face of humanity in these increasingly dark times.
What is disturbing about law enforcement enforcing the law, Senator? Oh, that's right. It's a law you don't like.
THANK YOU!! #LovemySenator
Why is it disturbing to you that ICE may have followed her from an immigration press conference?
No it is not disturbing at all, what is disturbing is that she was allowed to stay here by the last administration.
she had plenty of time to become legal.
Thank you, Senator Durbin. This is why you will continue earning my vote!
Because he is more concerned with illegal aliens than US citizens? Man you have your priorities mixed up!
There is no sanctuary for US citizens - Why for ILLEGALS?! #EnforceTheLawEqually #MAGA #BuildTheWall
You should insure that ICE let's her join her family back in Mexico so she is not openly flaunting her illegal status
I agree with @PresidentSClark if you dont like it senator than you can go with her! We are a nation of laws!
thank you.
.@SenatorDurbin, @DHSgov is doing police work (perhaps u've heard of it?) pursuant 2 a bill passed by the legislative body in which u serve.
.@SenatorDurbin, @DHSgov is doing police work (perhaps u've heard of it?) pursuant 2 a bill passed by the legislative body in which u serve.
thank you senator for doing the right thing.  This is disturbing and I applaud your efforts.
Thank you Senator Durbin
Stay the hell out of my state. @SenatorDurbin @DHSgov
just asking, isn't she a criminal ?
@passionatechica @GeorgiaDirtRoad  Drama! Dont b 2 "Disturbed"... law officers frequently detain law breakers! #MAGA
They would have more fun if they kept the illegals and deported Democrats
why didn't you call for an investigation for fast and furious or snakes on a plane in Phoenix
Maybe they can follow you to Illinois
Thank you Senator! This ICE arrest is chilling. What are we becoming? For DACAyouth/families: a police state.
It doesn't matter how he found her. She's illegal and needs to be deported. It's the law. Do your job!!!!
why disturbing. She's here illegally and announced it. Come legally and no problems. Shame on her family.
Glad they detained her!  If YOU are ILLEGAL then you should be arrested and deported! Laws of America!
Why?she knew what she was. She made it easy 4ICE. she thumbed her nose at America and got punched. Do your job DICK
She was given "reprieve" under DACA, did she thumb nose at USA by not renewing VISA or renewal app? Buh-bye
No, it's not disturbing! Disturbing is all these effing illegals in our country for so long. #GetOut! #GoHome!
her DACA expired.What is the problem with the arrest?They riot in the streets saying "not my pres" now get to go home
please explain why it's disturbing? People need to come over here legally. Stop human trafficking! You are evil
we think you need investigated we are going to look into who you have met with. K?
so? Don't you find people by following them Einstein?
if she was breaking immigration law what difference does it make where she was coming from?
its more "disturbing" that these people boldly walk around free with no consequences 4 illegal entering our country
Why disturbing?  It would be disturbing if ICE did NOT detain someone who publicly announced they're here illegally.
not really... law! Do correctly.
She's an ILLEGAL what do you expect? LOL They are only doing their job!
@DHSgovescaped "authorities found her hiding in a closet" "she was handcuffed temporarily and released".WHY WAS SHE HIDING?
Her family members were taken away and she hid in a closet Why?  She held a press conference? A brazen act considering?
that's called "doing their job"!  you've not seen or done it for so long, you've forgotten what it looks like.
@ICEgov Disturbing that you don't want our laws to be followed. She's not here legally! Wake up Senator!
It is easy for you to be disturbed.  Could be a lack of brain to reason with.
Disturbing that ICE may deport an illegal alien?  Why?
You find it disturbing that an Agency, funded by US TAXPAYERS, is doing the job they are paid to do? Seriously?
@sarahesmith23 @AP ROFL You Democrats cant help but step in shit wherever you go!
This is total BS..I hope you find answers to this because it's beginning to feel like Nazi Germany..
Because we are enforcing our laws? No comparison lady, get real.
It is called following the law, Senator; you should try it sometime.
No, what's disturbing is she/ they had years to become U S citizens and chose not to
Why would you find the fact that #ICE agents are doing the job they have taken an oath to do? 

You should be happy.
Since there is a RUSH to Hire So many ICE agents, Are They Properly TRAINED. If NOT, it's gonna get Real Ugly Fast
Does USA now have a Gestapo Branch dressed in shirts like Nazi's Brown Shirts & Mussolini's Black Shirts
You're the one in a party of traitors which  is disturbing to me and the res of the country
You care more about illegals than the people of this country HEAR OUR VOICE!!!
It's called ACCOUNTABILITY!  But guessing in your neighborh'd you don't have to worry about gangs & diminished value
By the way, if this action is so hateful, why don't you guys think Mexico is hateful.they do it MOST countries do it!
If ALL the past presidents had been doing their jobs, we wouldn't be here NOW!  Stop saying immigrants, it's ILLEGAL!
Dick, do you know what ILLEGAL means?
Thank you Senator. People are living in fear of the fed gov. Your work means so much to so many. #TYSenatorDurbin
Thank you @SenatorDurbin ! This is scary times for too many. 

#ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat 

 @DHSgov
Spend your time on "legal" matters. She is an illegal and that makes her a criminal. Good for ICE.
Obviously you don't know what Illegal Immigrant means. They have the right to follow her and detain. She's not American.
It's ok by me! Maybe you should care more about Americans before illegals! You have been in office too long! DTSwamp!
it's disturbing that douchebag pols are okay with illegal aliens interfering with our politics
this is how it begins Following and getting rid of people that speak out against you Sounds like something Putin does
ICE did exactly what they are supposed to do. Identify and detain illegal aliens for deportation.
So what? If someone committed robbery, & admitted so at a protest against arresting robbers, they should be arrested.
why?? They are ILLEGAL!!
what's disturbing is that you support illigal immigrants and not laws of this country and their citizens.
That is not disturbing. It's smart. She is a criminal.
criminal how? Explain?
Dickey, They are called Federal Laws. You know those thing you guys make up. Forgot, 8 yrs you saw theywent to sleep
she is here illegally. Uphold the law Senator. That's your job. #shameful  send her home allow her to apply legally
She was under DACA, didn't renew it, and overstayed her visa.  Simple. Out she goes.  She purposely didn't renew DACA
How about you start enforcing the law?? Sounds like you're part of the swamp that needs drained....
Congress has the power to change laws. Trump can only enforce existing law. He's enforcing the law until it's changed
If your so disturbed, where's the Democrats bipartisan immigration bill? Quit obstructing and work together.
- Even MORE disturbing that she knowingly remained in this country illegally and you now want amnesty for her.
human trafficking is prosperous for these scum both Dems and Republicans. They traffic kids & illegals
@sarahesmith23 @AP was she a criminal - look at gov mtg news @MSNBC
@sarahesmith23 Any update? This is beyond disturbing.
please let us know what dhs says.
Shut-up you Anti-American. #Illegals are #criminals, only thing they're owed is a #deportation bus  ride.
If your ILLEGAL why would you be stupid enough to hold a press conference about it, here is your sign #MAGA

Disturbing that you have an issue with enforcing laws in the country, expired visa and firearm in the home = #iceraids
renewing her DACA status is not a violation. These are the ones who came here young through no fault of their own!
the fact remains she allowed her visa to expire and a gun was found in the home.
You find the fact that ICE did their job disturbing? That itself, is disturbing.
she was not criminal. Trump promised clean record Dreamers stay
"Disturbing" that @ICEgov did their job? As a Senator you should know ILLEGAL Immigration is a CRIME! @POTUS NO DACA
disturbing that you care more about illegals than Americans
sir you call for AG to resign because of Russia, but do you support harboring a criminal? Or do you have diff of law?
she is not a criminal!!!
Thank you for following up on this
No, do not follow up on this Let ICE do its job
Admitted law breaker was arrested for breaking the law. How is that disturbing? #AnythingYouSayMayBeUsedAgainstYou
As my Senator (60657) I hope you can help this young woman. Congress needs to prioritize protecting these people NOW.
, you clearly swore an oath to "support and defend the Constitution," not cherry-pick which laws to uphold.  @DHSgov
Right the wrong senator! Thank you
YOU BET this is "disturbing"!!!
@SenDuckworth I'm seeing a lot of stories on social media about ICE/CBP way overreaching their authority. Please investigate!
please do follow up!
@samswey @DHSgov that's smart police work
Dick, appropriate to act when offenders are accessible To do otherwise violates law enforcement rules. #SupportLaws
Thank you DHS for doing your jobs.
She can do all the immigration press conferences she wants to in her home country. Racist Marxists have got to go.
She needs to be deported immediately.
Your actions are what we DEMS need to see in our elected officials. To do more than  just talk
NOPE
No time to argue with stupid #sorry
@southerntalker @DHSgov "Disturbing" is a pretty restrained way of describing Gestapo-grade tactics.
"When your opponent is obviously right, and you are spectacularly wrong, bring up Hitler" -Podesta
with ICE officers claiming that their job is "fun" again. I gather that ICE thinks this is a game...
@barbaraward235 @DHSgov Thanks Sen. D for earning your salary!
@barbaraward235  Gestapoish
so on the ball, Senator Durbin!
welcome to Germany
Germany was arresting their own citizens not ILLEGALS
@deray @DHSgov sounds like Putin is running ICE now. That's a very Russian move.
Why don't you worry about US African American citizens getting killed in Chicago instead u dope ?
@peterdaou @DHSgov Are ICE agents getting bonuses? They seem to be grabbing everyone in their paths instead of just "bad ones
uhh yah hold a press confrence while waiting for your docs.. thats not STUPID is it?
@deray @DHSgov this shit isn't right
@deray @DHSgov Thank you.Please do something. This is exhausting
ICE is out of control. It's like someone unleashed the dogs of hell on the populace.
OMG out of control, doing their job WTF this is crazy!
@samswey @DHSgov thank you, senator. This hatred is unbearable.
its not hatred. Its enforcement of the law
Chillingly reminiscent of Nazi Germany. Thank you @SenatorDurbin for standing against @realDonaldTrump fascism.
and how many imigrants did you welcome in your house? None? Then you are hypocrite.
Disgusting. Please put a stop to this stuff, Senator. Thank you.
U and Duckworth are a waste of time for Illinois. Chicago is practically a war zone and your worried about this shit
Senator, our state is in disrepair and your playing cowboy cop. Get to work and do something to fix our failing state
@ericpliu @DHSgov Tracking her phone prolly
thank you Sen.  While you're at it, make DHS remove the agents from duty who said their jobs are now fun.
@theonlyadult @DHSgov THIS MAKES HER A POLITICAL PRISONER! @JxnFreePress And, an attempt to "bully" #FreeSpeech, #keeppushing
@theonlyadult @DHSgov A POLICE STATE #JacksonFreePress! You speak your mind, and any technical illegality = arrest! #Trump.
Why do you rob a bank?  Because that's where the money is.  If you're illegal, don't throw it in ppls faces @benpershing
@peterdaou the Jackson @clarionledger ran a story about this.  You might get faster response from the reporter than @DHSgov
@AP Thank you Senator Durbin.
@Jimmyspolitics @DHSgov thank you ... help her
@peterdaou @DHSgov Are we surprised? Guess we know what ICE agents call "fun".
What happens to a deported person's property? They should get full compensation.
Asset forfeiture?
just the brown shirts doing their job
, a special case of stalking - @ICEgov stalking with a vindictive and political dimension. @peterdaou @DHSgov
Disturbing. Disgusting. Was she a "bad hombre" because she spoke in public?
No, she was a bad hombre because she failed to follow the law.
Police having fun at our expense is scary.
But Mr. 45 said it was the really bad ones! Did he mislead me?
fantastic! Please don't let this slide.
ONE of several "disturbing" ICE incidents. Anything you can do to bring these activities to light will help us all.
And what part of "illegal" do you not understand? That and the part where elections have consequences?
Why on earth do you start with obviously law-abiding members of the community tho? She's no rapist/murderer.
here illegally
Thank you Senator, ICE has been given a green light to do whatever they want and they're acting like brownshirts.
Deport all illegals, that is the job of ICE.
She wasn't illegal. That was the point, you moron.
Of course destroying evidence is a felony, you double moron.  Is why 5 of her top aides pled 5th.  Jail her ass.
@sarahesmith23 im sure a chilling effect was intended
Very sad, toi. I didn't see Trump's speech, but I bet he didn't mentIon anything like this. Don't let up  on Trump. @SenatorDurbin @DHSgov
Another one of Trump's "bad dudes" detained. This is ridiculous.
is it ICE or the SS
Hard to tell.
Thank you Senator. We'll be looking for the followup.
#resist
Please, this isn't right.
Over reach..
So much for what trump said in his speech!
Good for you, @SenatorDurbin. Stay with it! @DHSgov Also, don't be one of the shallow swayed by one speech, I vote for your strength.
He's trying to punish people for speaking out. This is wrong on so many levels.
many state with GOP majority want to sue protester for who" might "cause damage.  police brutality o.k.
Why are you not speaking out about Trumps Russian ties more? This should be at the top of every politicians list.
Lucky you live in a dimm hole, let law work
thank you for all the help you can give!
