You have no idea if that's true: Senate Judiciary chair: FBI must confirm if Trump is under investigation
No American believes Trump about his story of FBI  Director Comey firing.Trump looks guilty of collusion w Russia by firing 3 investigators
Thank you Senator. You are correct, nothing about this is usual.
Mr. Durbin you and @SenDuckworth are my senators
The DOJ and Trump Obstructed Justice 
This is a Coup and @SenateMajLdr is complicit

"Rosenstein threatened to resign after the narrative . . . cast him as a prime mover of the decision to fire Comey" http://wapo.st/2q78mIP?tid=ss_tw …
I'm one of your constituents. I'm counting on you and @SenDuckworth...please.
Call them both
On my to do list tomorrow. And I plan to. I've already slammed out emails by what feels like the hundreds
Thats how I feel about retweets
We're the ones that end up doing the ground work.
Remember We Quit He Wins.. Simple Metric. Don't let the bastards win this. #RESISTANCE #TrumpRussia
We have great senators in IL 
I want to know how we can help people with obstructive complicit senators.
Contact @UNSEATpac they're bipartisan...Sam, can you steer this lady in the right direction?
I'm concerned why h clinton isn't in prison where she belongs for her crimes. Why isn't that being discussed?
We need special unbias investigator/prosecutor right know!
Hold them accountable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  WHAT has happened to the country I love???!!  We have become one of those countries we look down on 
Thank you Senator you are making your state proud! Keep up the fight for us all! We are with you!
Thank you, Senator.
Might want to prove something sometime Senator!
THANK YOU, Senator Durbin!
Someone needs to bitch slap @SenateMajLdr. He needs to go!
It can't be business as usual after POTUS removes FBI director leading an active investigation of possible links b/w Trump campaign & Russia 
Trump shouldnt fire his investigators Yates, Comey, Preet Bharara it is a cover up!Russia & Trump ties follow trump money since '80's-today
Thank you for taking a stand on the Comey firing/Russia investigation. Keep fighting! We've got your back.
Agree POTUS must be stopped

“He chose to receive him because Putin asked him to.. Putin did specifically ask on the call when they last talked.” http://politi.co/2q4ABJQ  
Call out McConnell as an obvious tool who supports party over country.

I can't wait to vote U out!!!
Dumb shit Comedy wasn't the lead investigator he lead the bureau the investigation don't pause or change stop stirring bull shit
Fight for our democracy. Must have an independent investigation!
What, you jealous Mitch?!
Once again, your answer is solely political.  Trump had the right to fire Comey for cause.  Once again, I am ashamed you are a US Senator!
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
#Russia in #comeyfired letter added 2b transparent
#LockHerUp 
Investigate 
No business as usual! Thank you! I want an #IndependentInvestigationNow
He should have fired him on day 1 but you jackasses delay his cabinet picks! It on you the DNC the party of cry babies! Hilary fired him!
Sadly I am fairly confident it will be. Nothing will be done. Again. It is horrific that certain (GOP) elected officials do nothing.
No it can't. Americans are behind you please do your job.
Thank you Senator Durbin. I am a constituent.
We are waiting...and waiting...and waiting for SOMEONE to to SOMETHING!!!
Did McConnell exchange wife's appointment for a get out of jail free card?
Agree. Shut the senate down until an independent investigation is launched. This cannot stand.
You Democrats were all for firing Comey  when it was in your interest. What happens when the new FBI dir. goes after HRC?
This does not stop the investigation. Don't make more out of it than the facts.  You are totally political.
GREAT WORK SENATOR DURBIN
It's time for term limits in every branch of government so career politicians are a thing of the past. Lifers like you destroyed our country
As a constituent, you have been in DC too long. Instead of being a leader,trying to build a bi-partisan bridge, you play identity politics.
Time for you to be voted out next! Expect to see me in a race in the coming years!
Since he said no, I have a suggestion. Hear me out. Set up a GoFundMe page for investigation funds. It would show just how many people 1/2
want to see the outcome of the investigation and it couldn't be disputed. It would make those involved squirm since they'd have no control.
Wanna bet? Politics as usual. Until we fix it. Term limits. Power limits. Full transparency. Accountability. Our mess. Unite without parties
What would have happened if Obama fired him after October Surprise?
Thank you.

Make McConnell play ball!!!
Shut it down! Sen. Nelson will help but Sen. Rubio.....
Go Senator go!! Thx for standing up for USA and democracy!
Thank you Senator Durbin! We can have a Dictator or a democracy, not both. Sickening how @SenateMajLdr @TomCottonAR rubber stamp corruption.
Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator. I call on @SenBillNelson and @marcorubio to do the same. Not much chance of Little Marco doing anything meaningful tho.
what does Trump have to do for Dems to take action?
YES IT CAN.
Investigating #Russiagate

AG Sally Yates: FIRED
US attys looking at Russia: FIRED
Jim Comey: FIRED
Mike Flynn: FIRED
Jeff Sessions: RECUSED
You will get more resistance it seems - you and all those patriots who are diligently seeking the truth....please don't give up, Senator
Don't pass anything. Don't approve anyone until an appointment of a speical prosecutor. Investigate Trump/Russia please.
A true patriot!
Thank you
Keep the pressure on 'em, @SenatorDurbin !
Seriously..pictures??
OMG!  U all just need to write one script and take turn reading sentences? AG Sessions was in the minute because it wasn't about Russia!
I might have issues with the weather in this State, but sure am happy to call you one of my Senators.
Thank you @senatorDurbin
Im a constituent also and counting on you and @SenDuckworth. Please please fix this mess.
This is my country too. I want the classified stuff. What us peon's.. the people cant handle it? Please sir do what you can
Didnt the Dems want Comey fired right after the election?
please stand up for us and do what is needed to be done, it is clear republicans are putting party over country, enough!
to confirm his pick for the stolen supreme court seat, it's this weakness and wait and see attitude that costs us (democrats)
any call for a an independent prosecutor, what exactly has to happen for you to take action and go nuclear as McConnell did
Give 'em hell, Senator! Illinois has your back.
Mister Durban, with all due respect what are you waiting for, enough is enough, Mitch McConnell has already said he would obstruct
Thank you! Everyone needs to get on board. Our democracy is on the line!
Well done Senator!  Keep it up!
The more McConnell tries to block an impartial & thorough investigation, the more he looks implicated!
Guess Mitch McConnell has chosen to go down with the ship, along with Presidential wanna be's Senators Cruz and Cornyn
Thank you Senator Durbin!
Do u see them mocking us in the WH?  Barring American media, but letting Russian media in the day they #TrumpRussiaCoverUp? HELP US!
When that mealy-mouthed McConnell finally gets what's coming to him, I am going to sing, dance and be very, very merry. May he rot in hell.
Senator, I implore you as your constituent to not let this slide.  It MUST go to full independent investigation.No Russian influence!
Thank you, Senator Durban!
Agreed, the people of this country are relying on action from you and your fellow senators.  Words are a start, but we want action.
Rally your fellow Republicans and do something. Quick!
Agree 100% ....
Democrats must be willing to go to the mat to get answers on this investigation.  SHUT IT DOWN until an independent investigation occurs.
We need you to stand up to Mitch!
Bravo 
So what SPECIFIC AGGRESSIVE ACTION are you going to take now that McConnell and Burr have said no independent counsel?   What will you DO??
Thank you - so proud you and @SenDuckworth are our Senators!!!
Dumb Dumb Durbin lying again . @TheDemocrats wanted him out @nbcchicago @ABC7Chicago @cbschicago @WGNNews @fox32news print/media biased
Shut it down. Shut it all down.
special prosecutor NOW!
Yep
Thank you for your leadership in preserving our democracy for ALL, even those who act in dishonor, choosing partisan politics over country.
Thank you. Do this all day every day until there is a special counsel & independent committee w/subpoena power. Democracy requires it.
@POTUS needs to go.
No Senate action on #AHCA until after special prosecutor is appointed and funded. No more #WhiteHouse smoke and mirror #obstructionofjustice
Thank you Senator D

Thank you @SenatorDurbin !
Just to be clear I am stating my belief that @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan are #Kompromat and cannot be allowed to continue in their roles
@SenateMajLdr time for immediate investigation #obstructionofjustice
Sir, this is a constitutional #crisis as there is #TREASON afoot. Anyone seeking to dissuade/discredit or stall is #Kompromat
McCon....
Comey can be replaced, but his replacement can't lead the investigation: The replacement must be recused, just like Sessions.
McConnell must go too. He knows better than this!
Thank you senator. This is a crisis
Thank you Senator Durbin for doing the right thing for our country. Please do everything you can to get an independent investigation.
Senator, please, we need the truth. This is beyond partisanship. Please do the right thing. @SenateMajLdr is compromised.
DO SOMETHING!! THESE PEOPLE ARE TAKING US DOWN A BLACK HOLE! WTH IS GOING ON UP THERE?
Obstruction of justice takes priority over obstruction of business, senator. Step up!
I'm from Illinois. Thank you Sen Durban.
Refuse to participate in Senate procedures.  Just show up and sit in chamber.
thank you, Senator Durbin. Honored to be your constituent.
Thank you for continuing to fight for the people of Illinois and across the U.S.  I'm proud to have you as my Senator!
You keep this up. I will call, canvas, you or any candidate in IL you suggest if you keep this up!
You are my Senator and I support you.  Don't back down.
Thank you! This is textbook obstruction of justice, and nothing else can be given attention until an independent commission is formed.
So what are you going to do about it? Keep waiting for “moderate Republicans” to act on your behalf?
Perhaps you should read Deputy AG Rosenstein's letter instead of second guessing Trump and his team. Hypocrite.
Trump fires Comey. https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2017/05/10/trump-fires-comey/ …
@SenatorDurbin Stage a protest in congress like last time for gun control. This time for #Comey #RussianConnection
Good for you.  Keep fighting for our country!
Please impeach this incompetent buffoon
Nothing should be allowed to proceed until #trumprussia and #comeyfired is investigated!!!!!
But it will be if you all don't do something. R u saying there's nothing you can do???
Please rally bipartisan support for Special Prosecutor. Mcconnell obstructing. #CountryOverParty

Trump is caught red-handed; independent investigation paramount
congress passed a law that fbi directors serve 10 years, to avoid exactly this issue.
this is typical Donald, his associates get hit with subpoenas last week, so he hits back harder with this firing move.
Get over yourselves and do your job. All you have done is to obstruct everything he promised to do. You must be proud of that.
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
Oh  but it will be Senator. How can we, The American People, feel any differently. There is no proof that ANYONE will do ANYTHING.
Independent investigation NOW!!!!
Business as usaul with assistant director, grand jury. Subpoenas 2 hour after hes fired.. Business as usual
Rule of law not rule of man!!
He should of been fired months ago. In fact many Dems thought so the only reason you are upset is because this President fired Comey.
Yes!! I am one of your constituents and I support this move!
What is Mitch McConnell hiding?  What is Mitch McConnell afraid of?
Totally agree. Hold firm
Absolutely not! We've seen this before. #Nixonian
Senator Durbin, this reeks of a coup by the GOP.
Well done, @SenatorDurbin! Things should NOT move until resolved (specifically healthcare or budget discussions! I applaud u! @jonfavs
@DAL_Pittsburgh #TrumpDomesticThreat #TrumpAbuseofPower #NoBusinessAsUsual after #ComeyFiring Trump meeting Russian in WH
Please make sure you get to the bottom of this. You've been doing a great job so far! I'm glad you're my senator.
The investigation continues.  Stop grandstanding and actually try and DO something.  #earnourvote
Thank you for your integrity in this process.
No coincidence that Putins right hand man shows up day after Comey is fired for Trump/Russia investigation. Does Lavrov get his own office?
Senator. I trust you. I always have. If we don't shut down all legislative action until Special prosc is appointed we will never find truth
Make the Russian collusion, and saving our country from these traitorous bastards your #1 priority!  COUNTRY FIRST!!
It's never business as usual, your main jobs are to be decisive and obstructing...Your not working in congress to help American citizens
Thank you for your patriotism! Demand an independent prosecutor, don't stop until justice is served!
We the people DEMAND you start the ball rolling to remove this dangerous wanna-be dictator!  How many lines will he be allowed to cross?!
Keep on pushing, Senator!
Ppl of #Kentucky END McConnell's career once & for all Govt officials take an oath to uphold & protect the constitution & he's not doing it
Their only business should be assigning an independent investigation and special prosecutor w/subpoena powers.
You all MUST stand up to Trump, VP. and, just as importantly,  McConnell &his henchmen. Its pretty obvious they're not putting country first
Just stop everything. Do a walkout. This charade must end.
Durbin and Dems might as well walk out. They are nothing but Obstructionist and dont do anything anyway.
@SenateMajLdr is NOT to be trusted. He hated Obama & his love-affair w/ 45 is overtly disgusting. His hands are NOT clean; SHUT HIM DOWN.
Yet when the democrats were screaming for him to be fired where were yah at bro?
This is just further fueling the fire proving trump's (and his entire Administration's) Guilt. Impeach them ALL!!
We R talking 2 U hear us be our voice. We want a bipartisan investigation, Sessions gone, and 45 impeached. Treason & obstruction is loose.
I'm so over those people (Republicans) And there Double standards
Mr Durbin thats  cause the Republicans adhere 2 a certain Motto ITS DO AS I SAY AND NOT AS I DO Republicans can break the law NoIfsAndOrButs
@SenateDems your despicable for continue an already debunked false narrative
Start impeachment proceedings please. Insist on an independent counsel for going ahead with the Russia investigation. If not now, 2018.
Cotton is an ASS. He has one job and he looks like a dick doing it. How did he get elected?  Bunch of assholes elect the biggest ashole? 
Reupublicans need to quit wallowing in the swamp mud!!! Appoint s special prosecutor!
I am a constituent of yours. DO SOMETHING!
When your Wife works for Donald & you love Lobbyist Money. Mitch could Care less about Justice for Democracy. I bet new LEAKS will be bigger
Then He & the GOP will Have to answer to America. Mitch has been Briefed on all the details& still Covering Up. Disgrace to Justice
Targeted weaponized subliminal brainwashing in mass. Full Senate WH constructed skif???
