Trump on #Charlottesville: "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" 
Did they fight with themselves, Dick? Was it ok that counter-protestors also committed violent acts? Stop fomenting divisiveness.
When you wear a helmet and carry a stick or weapon, you're not going to a peaceful "rally." You're going to riot.
This isn't free speech. You don't bring guns, clubs, torches, and shields to peaceful demonstration. This is terrorism. #CharlottesvilleVA
Agreed, but why not call for same condemnation of idiots in Berkely? Because those weapons-wielding idiots align with your hatred of POTUS?
Condemn it for what it is. There are always excuses, they did it too, but what about this?  It's getting old and gets us nowhere.
Spartan brother (I experienced the sit-ins at the Hannah bldg). A group of idiots made a spectacle - the biased media want it to be Trump's
But the double standards are palpable and ridiculous. Did Obama "create the environment for" all the riots that happened on his watch?
First, I am not your Brother. Second, just more excuses and finger pointing. I condemn all acts of violence, you should do the same.
Mr Durbin what rock do you live under?  Condemn the ninja black scarf wielding horse stabbing and violent Antifa it is all sides
According to the twitter feeds a anti-trump hater named Joe who supports open borders and hates Trump. Now you want to try again?
Not just one side.
I say take alt left and the alt right into the woods somewhere to fight it out so the rest of America can make it great again.
There is no real alt-left, because Democrats tend to despise those who get too radical.  We treat them like liability they are.
How in the WORLD did his comments attack freedom & opportunity? Reading comprehension not strong for you, as well?
He had a tepid "yeah, nazis running people over with cars is bad, BUT" response. Did not address the racism or condemn nazism
He didn't condemn Antifa specifically neither. That's why he said "violence on many sides". It's heavily implied unless you're retarded
Only one side had nazi flags, chanted "Jew will not replace us", and rammed a car into a crowd of protestors.
Anything less than unequivocal denunciation of white supremacy is not enough. Here's how white supremacists saw it
In case you're wondering if President Trump inspires neo-nazis--this is from their publication The Daily Stormer: 
I'm not calling trump a nazi. This ain't about that. This is about the president's duty to condemn hateful movements
Trump's too weak to criticize those he considers more powerful, in this case the neo-Nazis and white fascists like those in his White House.
Nazis, white supremacists, @NRA gun humpers are @realDonaldTrump base. Only common thread in his supporters is racism. Jobs? Cruel joke.
I'm a gun humper, NRA member and not a racist. I do support Trump. Do you think flag burning is ok? If you do then you are the problem
Really? Then according to you, Trump would also be the problem! See his tweet saying BURNING the FLAG is PEACEFUL & RESPECTFUL! #TakeAKnee
I guess you've never said anything that in retrospect wasn't the best thing to say. Times change, people change.
Trump hasn't changed one bit. His con is (& has ALWAYS been) to pander to whoever he can manipulate to get what HE wants for himself!
I just looked at your profile. Not only are you from CA but SF to boot. Drink some more kook-ade cause you're gonna need it.
I'm a lawyer who worked with Trump on several deals. I know EXACTLY who he is & what he's about. His greatest skill is the art of the con.
@FoxNews @TeamTrump Durbin, WHERE WERE U when Far Left protestors DESTROYED PROPERTY, ASSAULTED & WAVED MEXICAN FLAGS during Trump rallies?
Durbin and the Far Left, Dems & liberal Fake News Media also NEVER cited Hillary's affiliation with Black Panthers who sided with her...
But today, we have Far Left & BLM protestors disrupting a White Nationalist march which is THEIR right, inciting the violence....
I despise marches & hateful talk & chants of Far Left, BLM, Women's groups (Madonna et al) who don't represent all women...but I ignore u
Thank you for naming the issue, @SenatorDurbin. My father fought in WWII. He would condemn Nazis marching in US streets, as I do.
While your condemning, please add ANTIFA to your list.
#antifa fighting fascism for more than 30 years. 
We're also not on the side of AntiFa either. But I guess that's not imp. Oh wait! It is. Driver was AntiFa and a leftist.
...nor are we on the side of black masked Anti-Fa carrying weapons with the intent to stop free speech, Sen. Durbin!
That's true. America is not on side of Nazis. There were also people carrying Red flags of communism. Are they to be ignored,?
Antifa and blm riots are disgusting also
#ImpeachTrump
Also: Many on that "side" are wearing MAGA hats & chanting "Heil Trump" while their KKK leader says they are "fulfilling" prez's "promises."
As you condemn this, you better condemn president for nurturing, supporting & enabling this for last two years. Or, doesn't that poll well?
"No one has better words." Quote from the Morally bankrupt POTUS.
Bravo @realDonaldTrump read this tweet
Thank you! Now let's see if anybody is brave enough to call those people 'terrorists'. White, quasi-American, pseudo-Christian terrorists.
@realDonaldTrump is the root problem at #Charlottesviille. Notice he does not condemn white supremist and Nazi ideology-his base
Thank you.
Another Progressive Dem who didn't see ANTIFA causing mayhem & violence against innocent bystanders, KKK & White Supremacists. Shameful!
Then do what needs to be done and start the impeachment process. We will no longer stand for a Nazi apologist as president.

Now it's the antifa who wear hoods.
I was horrified to hear him say those words.  What is wrong with him and why isn't congress doing more?
Antifa violent masked rioters would be included in all sides
idk maybe the instigators were the people with swastikas and guns and the guy who drove his car into a crowd
This amounted to an endorsement of nazis
I'm assuming that reading comprehension wasn't your strong suit?
Yes we heard #potusBully sweet talk his base of #Deplorables and reading it won't help!  #MuellerTimeForReal
Trump derangement syndrome.
When will GOP show some moral leadership and impeach this dangerous fool.
thank you sir 
ALWAYS TWO SIDES FOR THERE TO BE A PROBLEM, LOTS OF BLAME TO GO AROUND!!
Were there two sides when our boys hit the beach at Normandy?
A true leader would provide unconditional condemnation of such an act of domestic terrorism.
Yes many sides you racist people.
Antifa??
And guns.
Why can't we ban these folks from America
Ah... 'cause America.
DT if u think u can pardon the Nazis u r as sick as them.  The hate that u allowed to occur before, during ur campaign & now is disgusting
It took far too long for liberals to realize this. Nazis are not a new thing in the American right wing.
Will you ever condemn ANTIFA/BLM?!
Obviously @SenatorDurbin you accept #Antifa violence as the Rule of Law in America.  Could be why democrats are losing!
@realDonaldTrump is never going say Etreme White Nationalist Terrorism.
Interesting you are willing to overlook ALL parties.  Oh, that's right, you must keep up the pretense and cover up.  http://russp.us/racism.htm 
Thank-you Senator Durbin  this is Trump's America brought to you by Bannon, Gorka & Miller.
Usually if he was ISLAMIC  by this time:  
we would know his name, and every teacher he had since the 3rd grade.
stop making excuses for the Antifa and the Alt-left, SenatorDurbin. any form of violence is wrong, and the left is just as much to blame.
Not #HeatherHeyer. She didn't have a chance, or a "side". She is dead! No mention of her, Mr POTUS? It's "all sides" with you. #TrumpIsANazi
None would of been their if the KKK and bro nazi were there.  Violence from ANYONE is not okay.  Hatred, bigotry, and racism IS NOT OKAY.
One had a permit and one didn't so...

#Nazis verbally offend, which is their 1st Amend. right. #Antifa however is illegally physically violent. Clearly Americans saw the videos
See? This is why I'm a Dem. Durbin is my Senator. He gets it.
My Senator too! Mentored by the late great Sen. Paul Simon! 
Be a part the solution not the problem.
The President is correct. There is hatred on many sides. Hatred is hatred. Their reasoning is irrelevant.
So hating Nazis is the same as being a Nazi - and hating everyone else? Sorry, this bumper-sticker philosophy turns out to be horse puckey.
How clueless are you that you aren't aware of the violent left wing extremists?
https://static.theintercept.com/amp/the-numbers-dont-lie-white-far-right-terrorists-pose-a-clear-danger-to-us-all.html …

I'll take the overall numbers over some guy's hand-wringing about an actual KKK member. See also: "But the Allied Armies were violent, too!"
What are you on about? I'm talking about the fact that left wing extremists are on the rise too. You seemed confused when you
responded with an article about white supremacists. I'm not acting like they aren't a problem.
Thank you Sen. Durbin
Thank you Senator Durbin!
@AlgiersMusic @antonnewcombe HELLO!
Thanks for the post! We do NOT support the Nazis, their flag or their beliefs!
All are created equal! When will everyone understand this?
And who wrote this statementBannon? Miller? Gorka?
See what you've done, @realDonaldTrump? You've made me agree with Senator Durbin.
Trymp didnt do shyte.  Open your eyes
Many sides? What the LIVING FUCK?!

It's about time Trump learns that Nazis are still an American ENEMY or be tried for treason against USA.
He looked like he was forced to give that speech , it took him long enough to even give one. Sadden by these event.
TY, Senator Durbin.
You might want to remind him and his ignorant trumptrolls that we fought a war to defeat Nazism.
Yes, Senator Durbin, many sides. Antifa are violent anarchist attacking police, news crews and non-white supremacist protesters nationwide.
But sadly the president appears to be on that side.
Thx u Senator, this very dangerous person is leading us to civil war; plz take steps to remove him before he ruins US
So we're on the side of the communists then?
One more reason that you need to push to #Impeach and/or for #25thamendment . The message from this administration endangers us all.
With all due respect Senator-No vacations for all of you until the articles of #IMPEACHMENT are passed.Stir up your colleagues & fire him!
Before it's too late #25thAmendmentNow
Preach!
Blaming victims for violence is typical bully behavior. Lacking compassion & empathy is sociopathic.
Senator I join you in condemning nazis. Will you join me in condemning people with the USSR flag who were also violent?
Dick u don't have the moral authority to comment. Who are these protesters fighting with...certainly not themselves? This is a result of ...
nazi salutes ? did u mean dixie-crats salutes ?
@leahmcelrath @NBCNews ThankYouThankYouThankYou 
Then why all the antifa flags and black lives matters people there
Trump uses the vocabulary of an eight year old. So inappropriate.
We need a collective voice to stand up to this Racist-In-Chief and his base. This presidency has been so much worse than we ever imagined.
And the other side with communist flags and black masks. How hard is this. They're both bad.
Stop the #durbincartel. Do not be a Dick.
Thank you Sen @SenatorDurbin for defining America to this tone-deaf POTUS
And talking about how long all of this has been going on. Totally not my fault, right?  He is a piece of work.

ON MANY SIDES?!?!?!? Hey @SpeakerRyan, GET OFF YOUR HIGH HORSE, SAVE YOUR REP, AND DRAFT ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT NOW
Quit ignoring facts Dickey!!
Tricky Dicky, your Democratic Party invented the KKK. Your party is socialism, same as Nazi-ism. It's the left that created this shit.
U know he won't condemn his own base, esp when he's the reason they'r so emboldened. His rhetoric is what's given them th ok 2 commit terror
America voted for him, now live with him.
@realDonaldTrump A statement he read---until he added th last three words---then repeated them for emphasis!

45 makes the Red Skull sound even more evil somehow. http://ift.tt/2fCAdzr  
Well said Sir
Thanks to Senator Durbin for speaking the truth.
But the people on that side are Americans. The US can't keep denying the real issue it has
@Thom_Hartmann Thank You Senator Durbin! Individuals who cause death & chaos in Charlottesville dont represent REAL Americans
Yeah...ONE sided.
Please, begin the impeachment and imprisonment process
The Creator made All. Aim 1%ers>Keeping people, not to focus on the Issues;nazi and all dis...of any kind is to have you not to think
I hate @realDonaldTrump - what an awful man.
Someone should remind him that we literally fought a war against those people. It involved most of the world.
You were silent when Antifa and BLM did the same thing. Obama didn't say a word of condemnation. You, sir, are a hypocrite.
I agree. Does this man ACTUALLY want to see modern Nazis running America? But that's the real problem with Trump - he probably does.
Facts on the ground say otherwise. Hate in both directions
Then there's the other side, that instigated today's violence.
With trump I honestly feel like the purge is coming. Trump is more like a nightmare than a president. I am so ready to wake up
So bigotry and hatred are just white issues? Got it
Exactly.  Here's the thing, he isn't really condemning the white supremacist "protest". He's basically saying the hate speech is fine.
My father fought against the Nazis in WW II. Now tell me Mr. President why do Nazis deserve anything less than complete condemnation?
Impeach
Thank you for your leadership, Senator.
I think he was referring to any world view which isn't same as his 
You have forgotten about "kill white cops" already?
This is the time for the Left to condemn all these fascist groups collectively
About time you included everyone!  Thank you.  Today I was at a rally against Sharon Branigan, a racist, Muslim hater, twnship board member
And the Antifa showed up to fight. No one blameless. You & fellow Dems turned Illinois into a mess. Fix that.
He really looks sincere! #goof
He needs to go now
He attacks Muslims, media, Dems ect. His not condemning KKK/Nazi's sent them a message~they have his support. They'll feed off that.
As an american on the side of nazis. Yeah. America is on that side
He does shit like this and then complains that his wishes are not carried out.
Did he say MANY SIDES?? What will it take to get rid of him! Enough is enough
@NBCNews 
As a spectator, I see
1. Vicious, vile fascists aka #Nazis
2. Decent Americans saying "No, this is not right"
*Durbin
All across America statues & historical sites are being removed by liberals. Real shame to eliminate American history good or bad...
You are blind if you don't see "many" sides.
Thank you Senator, for this tweet.
https://gizmodo.com/neo-nazis-praise-trumps-response-to-charlottesville-h-1797787685?utm_campaign=socialflow_gizmodo_twitter&utm_source=gizmodo_twitter&utm_medium=socialflow …  Thank you. Trump supports this. The Daily Stormer (a Nazi newspaper) approved of Trump's wording.
Your side has all the violence though
@SenatorDurbin Thank you for standing up for America and telling it like it is!
#Charlottesville
Thank you Senator.

Antifa and blm in on that shit dummy
#UnfitPOTUS
Proud to say @SenatorDurbin represents me and the people of Illinois.
No, Mr. President, not "many sides." There is one side with nazi flags and nazi salutes. America is not on that side. https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/896455824767426560 …
He doesn't represent me....a hostage here in Illinois. @SenatorDurbin  is a race baiting liberal. He's a huge part of the problem.
Exactly!
WRONG! We are not on the side of ANY violence including WS, BLM, antifa (who mowed through the crowd), resist & all the rest! MANY sides!
Neither is what a disgrace these hillbillies are!
I am ashamed of our president.
Really? I don't remember you speaking out as progressives looted buildings, burned cars, and put dozens of people in the hospital.
How about congressmen and your leftist bernie supporter
Yeah, because ANTIFA and BLM have proven track records of peaceful, non-confrontational protests. There is enough hate to go around 4 both.
Moreover, Trump is clearly and mentally at the immoral side.

Fools on both sides were arrested for violent acts. Yes, both sides. Neither party holds a patent on hate and ignorance. Stop feeding it.
Thank you Senator
Just the electoral college
You do know 45*'s daddy joined the KKK 'cause his daddy was a pimp, don't you?
Why can't he take a stance on this and call it the white supremacist evil acts it is instead of walking on egg shells ???
Thank you, Senator Durbin. I'm proud to have you represent me and my family.
THANK YOU SENATOR DURBIN!
Some of America is and they support DJT.
So are you suggesting the guys who ran over the Nazi racists was a Nazi racist as well?  Not following the logic DICK.
So you refuse to take a stand against racists, White supremacists, & "American" Nazis. You are being defined by your followers--NOT well.
When are you going to call out your party for supporting this?
Diggin the PINK shirt & "Mama" sign held by a man without hang-ups on his own masculinity. #CharlottesvilleVA
Or did you enjoy the Heil Trump so much like those seeking you live?
@bulldoghill @NBCNews thank you for standing for our democracy against anti American extremists terrorists
He can't. That's part of his base. Base it is. He needs to go Senator! He's unstable. DPRK. Venezuela. Amendment 25. Congress scared 2act
Please impeach this man who will not hold responsible white supremacist nazi's or Russia
Dear Senator Dick Durbin , question - so " America " is on the side of hate groups only if they CURRENTLY vote Democrat ?
What about the Antifa Democrats with clubs DICK?
One of the most ignorant president this country has ever had. This proves the US should not keep calling the kettle black.
Shut up drumpf. This bloodshed is on your head & that of your nazi, racists. Nothing for you to redeem here. You inspired this nightmare
And there is one side with Hammer and Sickle flags.

There are fringe extremists on both sides. Yet you deny Left Extremism???
Some people are named Dick for a reason.
There is also a side with Soviet flags and bike locks. There are violent groups everywhere. We should keep perspective.
never miss an opportunity to stoke the political fire Senator Durbin. The victims be damned. Why don't you resign tonight.
Thank you, Senator Durbin!!!  You are always the voice of reason!!
