Sanctions and an Independent Commission to Investigate and Stop Russian influence in our democracy.  Even Nixon is rolling over in his grave
You don't live in Chiraq, Illinois.  How can u use that as your home town when you clearly live on the North Side?  Area unaffected
History will remember which Congressman impeded this much needed reply to Russian meddling in our last election.
Only together we can stop the democrats in the world.The last chance, the end justifies the means
What belongs to Russia should stay in Russia. Get out of our politics! @JustNelse @SenatorDurbin
sorry,it's impossible.Russia invested 100 billion $ in treasury bonds USA. and when USA openly meddling in Rus election, we kept silence
bot
Yep. But he laid it all out. "Russia owns us". Russia thinks their investment gives them the right to select our President. 
Ruble is tied to$ and price oil,our government has officially сonfirmed this mistake and can't fix it.Putin believes in friendship with US
Because of sanctions against Russia, Europe lost 1 trillion euros. Please stop flame
This should really piss off Vladimir Putin. He'll probably tell us everything
Yes please!
NEVAR.
Turbin Durbin
Block tillerson from making billions on Russian oil and investigate Rosneft . Keep following the money . Nail them
That sounds like a threat.
@speakerryan needs to do tax reform for his KOCH #master and water down sanctions for his Russian #master @speakerRyan has too many masters.
And now that @realDonaldTrump's head is in a vise and one by one the @GOP are jumping ship, it's a good time for @TheDemocrats demand @POTUS enact the #RussiaSanctions -- so even his BFF #Putin abandons him. 
@ussenate , please pass the #RussiaSanctionsBill, now! Don't let @realDonaldTrump return #RussianCompounds to fulfill promises to #Putin! 
With the emphasis on "dick".
Don't think Russia is good or anything but Dems seem hell bent on causing a problem and getting us into a war with Russia.
Red Ed @RepEdRoyce fa-triot. All talk no action. Afraid to stand up to papa Putin trump and Ryan. Shameful.
can you add #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
What I think is the Democratic party is a fucking train wreck
T........R........U........M.........P.......... !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thought they shut it down??
It's time for this cognitive mess, DICK, to retire. He is nothing but a useless,corrupt,il politian that is as useless as Obama.CORRUPTIL
To put it simpler, he is a patriot
#NoMoreWar for your bankers, oilmen and opium traders. SinglePayer for all with full access to #Cannabis food in prohibition for 80 yrs
I think Trump & his entire transition team should be suspended during the Russia Probe & interim-replaced by the Obama administration!

Michael Caputo~ "I was sent in 1994 to #Russia by the Clinton admin to get involved in Russia election." 
I urge you to demand that Trump's agenda be stopped cold until full hearings held. Also, that Kushner have security clearance stripped.
And a HARD NO on Chris Wray to head up FBI- no confirmation on this former Rosneft lawyer
I absolutely agree NO Chris Wray & No security for Kushner until investig. complete.
Just so you'll know:
Sanction the hell out of Russia, and if Putin, whoops, I mean Trump, no I mean Putin vetoes, override the hell out of him.
As long as we get to throw you and your children onto the front lines if you start a war with Russia.
Pass the Russia Sanction  Bill.  Keep the ACA
most definitely
can't think of a worse idea .. what the hell is wrong with you people!!!
And I can't think of a better time for you all to hold Trump and co. accountable for the security and ethics laws they are flouting daily.
Put Russia on the travel ban list

Retweeted 4 you and hoping that the House members read Twitter and act accordingly. Where are all the champions for DEMOCRACY!! sending SOS
I think you're a Histrionic 
Dumba$$!

#RussiaHoax This is why you'll keep losing
#DNC #Setup
#MyPresident LOVE USA!  I  MY @POTUS
Yes! Why are they stalling it? Must be afraid of blackmail if they pass it. What a disgrace to our country & for those who gave their lives.
You antiquated foriegn policy is as appalling as your embrace of GOP legislation. You're a DINO -saur, Durbin. #DemExit
They wouldn't pass gas if you fed them beans.
Why does he still even have a job?!?!?
Just wait for the GOP and Trump to fully hang themselves. Besides, the only thing America gets from Russia is the cartoon Masha & the Bear.
It's voiced in American in Burbank.
Our more sanctions and putin will release the pee tapes..
Trump did know that Russian lawer Natalia Veselnitskaya here is a pic of them in Russia together
Yes!  Russian Sanctions NOW!

Russia is not communist anymore. Anytime the Dems say "Russia" -  substitute "France". Same diff.
You think GOP will go along with it?  How many GOP politicians are on the take?
It would also be a nice time to see the tax returns.

Might want to wait until all information is out on democrats and Russia.
Talk to @SpeakerRyan who holding it up! Treason
Pass that Bill !!
Except for one BIG thing. The House Republicans are terrified of the Russians.
djt tweet from 3/4/2014
Actually Putin doesn't want Alaska because the Environmental Protection Agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil!
You would think @GOP would be all over showing they are not #Traitors but they don't care. Bc their base doesn't care.
Absolutely!
Timing The House should put into law what POTUS didn't have guts to say to Putin's face. Need to let Putin know US is thisnot this
There is no better time than now for you to retire.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @houseGOP @HouseDemocrats Completely agree, keep Russia OUT.  Time to step up and do the job we elected ya'll to do.
The sooner the better!
Send a strong message of unity.
No reason.   Sanctions against democrats. YES!!!!
Do it!
You betcha!
I can't think if a better time to focus on this new #AHCA bill.
House should not even be hesitating sanctions bill should be passed immediately
Who sanctions the US when we fund militias, coups and influence elections in democratic countries? The faux outrage is such bullshit.
So you're cool with trump colluding with the Russians? You're comparing us 2 the Russians? You fly a Russian flag?
I hate your stinking guts, Durbin. You are, however, correct this one time. Damn it.
As long as the Senate doesn't think that's enough. They need to do much more to limit 45*'s abuse of power, support for tyrants!
TODAY. NOW.
Yesterday would have been better
Thank you Chicago!
Thanks for speaking out!  We need more Dems standing up for what is right and being very vocal!
Then get it done! Your my Senator, listen to our voices and more so OUR VOTES!
@laynat What House committee is it hung up in?
Absolutely 
past time!
We know it is tricky, but our reps in congress need to pull the emergency brake & bring this trainwreck to a screeching halt.
Of course but gutless coward Ryan is in it up to his neck and will continue sucking (up to) Trump by holding up Sanctions
Thank you!
I don't even understand why it is even an issue!!!! Step up House and Send a Message to Russia!!! Protect America!!! Country First!
Amen Senator! Push hard against Russia;,we're flirting with loosing our democracy.
Over a billion dollars in the Clinton foundation and only 6% actually donated.
You're a hack retire already
someone needs their coffee this morning...
Lol maybe
Ove
Hillary double dipped or added another cost upon delivery. So Putin decided there was no way he wanted to do business with the Clintons.
Can you name the lead investigator of the Clintons White Water scandal?
It was the one and only James Comey. Follow the Clinton money
Confused: what does Hillary have to do with Russian sanctions? Hillary's out of the picture, no longer an issue!
If congress would have stopped the sale of uranium and prosecuted her violating us security laws we would not be talking about Russia.
Libtards refuse to look at the facts and only debate / argue with emotions
Hillary received millions in her PAC. Any day now Russia will get tired of  being bullied and bad mouthed by the Democrats. Chances are
Congress should have taken action against the sale of government uranium to Russia. Sweet deal for Bill. He received 4 times the  normal fee
You dont have the house. Not your call. Warmongers, the lot of you
and i can't think of better time than now to sign this than now.  http://sherman.house.gov/sites/sherman.house.gov/files/FINAL%20Article%20of%20Impeachment.pdf …
Someone has got to do something. The GOP staying silent is insane!
I can't think of a better time than 2018/2020 to vote out Libs who are perpetuating this DNC smear of the sitting President. It's a hoax.
Thank you Sen Durbin for standing tall & working for the good of our democracy.
How about you guys pull Jared's Security Clearance too!!!
It's way passed time,in my opinion.
As good a time as any
Yes please
Uh...like why hasn't it already passed????
Thank you, Senator Durbin! This is why I love your office. Very friendly folks who actually pass along messages. 
@SpeakerRyan unless you're also tied into & beholden to Putin etal, why would you not punish Putin for violating our sovereignty?
Just hope they don't get watered down !
I think that the POTUS should resign and take his entire family with him.
#putin wants WORLD domination. Obviously #trump is 2 dim witted 2 see that; doesn't care as long as he's making$$ #trump is a STONE TRAITOR
Thank you.
Is this the same Russia Obama laughed off during debate with Romney? You know, 1980's are calling, they want their foreign policy back!
Hit em with EVERY sanction, even the ones that haven't been invented yet
Neither can I Senator & then watch the info pour out of Russia about Trump
You know what I want... Russia out of the White House and to have universal health care.
#cowardlyryan won't touch it, V telling IMHO
Sen Durban please think of lives saved by supporting #SinglePayer now
Can't wait to find out who else was in on this deal @JudicialWatch @freedomwatchweb @TomFitton @LarryEKlayman @USAGSessions
Oh yeah
Ask the elf what happened
I can't think of a better time for Democrats to walk out!
.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan refused 2 ACT when presented w #TrumpRussia conspiracy during election. Maybe Russia compromised them too.
Russia preps for 2018 as Trump undermines Putin interference n 2016 Election while he demeans US IC & FBI. NO TRUST
BREAKING: Russian spies are ramping up their intelligence-gathering efforts in the US http://cnn.it/2sLEKW5  
Its time someone does something about the Russians and the want a be president, trump
The time is ripe Senator!
#Ukraine should be added to that bill, after the #HillaryClinton #Collusion findings. As your #employer i demand that be added.
How about putting some sanctions on trump while you're at it?
And, if maggot vetoes, that's gotta be over ridden!!!!
Pass the sanctions, then impeach and remove trump and pence.
Yes I agree
If there was any proof, it would already be put out to the American public. There is no proof and you know it. This is the demise of Dems!
If you think or know that there is, then show us the proof. The American people deserve and demand to be shown the proof. #showustheproof
Trying to get in on the hype of the narrative your party started. You and the rest of the Democratic Party know there is nothing to this...
I've been calling @USRepLong but he doesn't seem interested for some reason.
Why did they need their own?
They don't need their own they. need to amend or/pass the Senate version.
Hellz Yes!
We think your should stop promoting McCarthyism, the lowest form of political life, you are embarrassing the USA and should consider leaving
Yes
Hard to get Caligula's Collaborators to defend the country.


Senator I wholeheartedly agree but the reality is trump will lift sanctions on Russia so Exxon can work in kara sea thats a trillion dollars
Yes, but the House needs a fire set under them Senator.
They won't though. You know as well as I that senior House Repubs are Russian-compromised. Expose them now.
Can we pas the Impeachment also just tack it onto the bottom of the Sanctions bill. The GOP would if it were HRC.
*pass the*
I called Congressman Pascrell's office yesterday, and he's on board. Where are the rest of them?
Thank you Sir!!! #HappyConstituent
But trump won't let them because Putin wouldn't like it
I hope you guys are looking into Wray's background re Firtash/Mogolovich connections. Really disturbing. Public needs confidence in FBI!
Can you Impeach Trump and leave our Healthcare alone too?
How are there not 100K retweets of this?
Yes yes yes let's SEE what RUSSIA will LEAK, in retaliation,  yes Jared should be locked up for 3 ATTEMPTS at Security Clearance,  3 LIES
DO IT NOW!!!  Damnit!
Agree 100%
You'd think that it would be more important to push through this bill right now than, let's say, a rushed healthcare bill...
@nativefoxnv Turban Durbin is a fool. Sanctions because hrc lost, no more Russian paydays for podesta and Bill! Get real
Press Secretary called stripping his security clearance ridiculous. Trump wants to reduce sanctions: Magnitsky Act adoptions really about.
They won't though. They all directly benefitted from Putin's assistant and are complicit in the crime.
Can Dems stop provoking Russia. We are trying to #DemEnter but this is distraction from the fact #BernieOrBust #BernieWouldHaveWon happened.
yes right about now would be a good time !!
U picked a fine time to notice the constitution &casts doubt on ur sincerity &commitment.
1000% agree wirh the real senator!
Why did no one ask Wray why he represented Rosneft and Gazprom? Those are Russian links to trump!
followthemoney" #Wray #Wrayhearing
Shut down the entire country. You liberals are a spoiled rotten joke!!
No Please! Sanctions R financial war, 1 step from war, way 2 bate war. We need not nor want WWIII over nonsense compared 2 issues @home inUS
They need to hit them hard!
Then we will see if Donald is a Putin puppet.  #maddow
Well dick I think Donald J should fire Mueller and get a real independent Council
House doesn't want to make their friend Putin upset.
Man up! @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP . Shld have signed it for DJT to hand deliver, but better late than never. Don't protect the guy with the pen
Make sure you use hashtags for RT value. #sanctions  @HouseGOP
Can't we keep Russia n give them Trump
Dump Durban.
You are such a hypocrite, the US interferes in other countries elections all the time...Obama tried to interfere in Israel's but it failed.
Dick & the liberal media only there to score political points not fix his bankrupt state or the dangers we face as a nation. Pathetic.
Thank you for your voice and relentless effort to keep trump from selling this country to Russia. Please don't lift the sanctions
Where were your concerns when 44 did NOTHING? When HRC made the uranium deal? When Ukraine interfered? Podesta? Clinton Foundation?
I can't think of a better time for you to resign so we can get someone in your place who will do the work of the American people!
Obviously congressman in Illinois are smarter than some in Iowa, @SteveKingIA
I love it!
I will be calling my rep, @RepHartzler, about this today.
