Preexisting conditions were always covered, the Democrats lied about it, there were waiting times when your HC Insurance switched. 1
Pre-existing conditions were not always covered, I know after fighting w ins for years.
#noGrahamCassidy #FixACA
I know because i have had preexisting conditions and always had HC insurance.
You do know there are a myriad of conditions, maybe yours were covered, mine certainly weren't.
What were your so called Pre Conditions and what year?
Like I'm going to give some internet stranger my medical history. And after calling me a liar we are done. Enjoy your sanctimonious life.
LOL! U r a damned liar
I did not ask for your medical history
Progressive marxist democrats are so easy to spot.
Have a nice delusional life
Healthcare costs are going up with the ACA.  We need #MedicareForAll
What Democrats have been pushing is Communist-Socialist-Marxist control on HealthCare to control the masses and their votes. PURE EVIL 3
Also known as the Republican healthcare the Heritage Foundation(Republican think tank) came up with and Romney implemented.
Go read their state Constitution then enlighten yourself with ours:
@HCOnlineCourses
@HCimprimis
What Obama, Democrats did was ILLEGAL
Lyin Turbin
Cant go no higher then Obamacare is going wit its ridiculous deductibles An premiums?Dishonesty isn't gonna fix problems
I agree - Corporatist Dems need to go. You've gotta wonder how much the 64k he recvd from the healthcare industry is affecting his thinking
I am honked off at everyone pre O care. The pre existing issue shamefully should have been addressed long ago, as sales across state lines
We will be priced out of coverage, even with employer plans. @POTUS and @SenateGOP want us dead.
...that is WHY the GOP HealthCare Solutions in 2010 wanted people to be able to KEEP their HC even changing jobs, crossing State lines. 2
Then why doesn't Congress act on behalf of their constituents and regulate them?
Or even if you are healthy, if you are over 60, forget about affordable insurance under the GOP plan
GOP Death Bill would raise my cost $143,000 for beating cancer. Haven't seen how much for previous heart valve surgery. #RepealAndReplaceGOP
My insurance premiums and deductable have tripled under o care.  Wtf are you talking about.  Instead of bitching, offer a solution.
Did you have #preexistingconditions before ACA?  The trajectory was unimaginable for some of us.
That is because of managed care.
To hypocrite senator Durbin. When are you going to switch your insurance to Obamacare. Until you do please stop with BS. Ok.
I agree
Seems you're just fine with it already under the ACA
@SenateDems to millions of citizens happy with their Doctors and Plans in 2008-10 "You can keep your Doctor, You can keep your plan."
You were fine with jacking up cost on regular people when you passed ACA. So I think you screwed more people over
So do you support #MedicareForAll ? I ask as a constituent who voted for you.
Please resign you are not helping people of Illinois
The Republican Party has sold their souls to the Devil to win re-election.
As a constituent, happy you are against this bill but please go further and support #Medicare4All
At least Bill was honest to tell the truth. You want to help the clueless and lazy along with the helpless
Why don't you have Obamacare? Hypocrite! #weasel
Congress should be subject also to the bills they pass.  If they passed Trumpcare, they should have to be ON Trumpcare.
Dumb Dumb Uncle of mine needs a history lesson. Can he replay @cspan
Show me someone who *doesn't* have a pre-existing condition. Just being born seems to qualify as one.
.@TheDemocrats to tens of millions of Americans without PECs: We are just fine with insurers jacking up your healthcare costs.
WHY ARE YOU FINE WITH THAT... WHEN MILLIONS ARE SICK FROM YOUR BAD DRUG MARKET-RUN BY  *******F.D.A. I KNOW 1ST HAND AND STILL SUFFER !
Congress doesn't care what you think. *Unless you're a donor.
If this stupid bill makes it to the floor I'm going to need you to vote no no no no no no
And those IDIOTS in ALABAMA last night will SUFFER the MOST! They will die! And yet the cheer the executioner! #AlabamaRally #TrumpRally
How about fixing this. Just shows how bad government ran healthcare is
We NEED Single Payer healthcare otherwise we will keep getting jacked up costs. We need u to cosponser the @SenSanders Medicare-For-All Act.
I could not get on aca from beginning because of pre existing conditions, fact.
Thank you Sen. gor standing up for us ! fighting Multiple sclerosis 17 yrs now!
Backwards that is Obamacare.... I was cancelled in 2010 and costs have skyrocketed since ! Fake info Dick
Didn't #Obamacare already do that?
THESE PIECES OF SHIT WANT TO CONTROL OUR HEALTHCARE WHEN THEY THEMSELVES ARE EXEMPT AND HAVE NO DAMN CLUE @FOXNEWS @SenatorCollins @ABC
WHILE WE PAY  YOUR INSURNACE DUBIN. WHY ARE YOU EXEMPT FROM OBAMA CARE? YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED YOU SOLD US SHIT YOU WILL NOT ACCEPT.@FoxNews
Youre ok punishing people already living in unimaginable chronic pain though. Wish you felt atleast 1/4 of what we do b4 being this reckless
Senator please do the work to improve ACA for America and Americans. Don't just talk.  Be ready to act.  Thank you for your service.
Thank you, Senator.
That’s a flat out lie!
Would b " just fine " with an end to all this devisive propaganda by left wing loosers.
It's a helpless feeling knowing I can't call my Senator(s) to demand they not support this bill. Mine are both dems led by #Durbin.  
Same thing #Obamacare did to me! My rates whet up 150%! The VAST MAJORITY OF AMERICANS WANT #SinglePayer! Then ALL AMERICANS WILL BE COVERED
My family of five will lose our insurance, and no one will cover me now. We run a small biz and have employees #SinglePayer is good for us.
STOP THEM PLEASE!!
This GOP bill was not a fix for Americans.  Find a solution.  Work on it, not rubber stamp something to meet a deadline.
Endorse Medicare for All!  We are begging you!
It's troubling how easily the democRAT party lies.
Someday it could be your wife who is sick after your old ages
Obamacare is already doing that!!!!
Dick, they're "jacking up" the cost anyway. Look at your own state's exchanges. You are out of touch with reality.
Hey Dickie boy that already happens under ACA but your fine with that?
GOP needs the $$$ from the Koch brothers.  They will have us pay any price
Thank you Sen. Durbin for standing up for the millions us living w/ congenital heart defects, and all Americans w/ pre-existing conditions
Really what is your plan to fix it
Yes Koch care for all
@SenatorDurbin : How about you and your family go on Ocare and see how that works for you? Oh, you exempted yourself? Typical
Do you have any idea what you and obama did to the cost of my health care. Not that you even care because you don't pay for yours
Well when you have faced combat slept on the ground with all kinds of things that can kill you  not slept for days and watched people die
Thank you for your efforts against #GrahamCassidy .
Pre-existing conditions will never be a condition in the cost of insurance.
The cost for health insurance should never be more than the following, 50.00  for a single person and 75.00 for a family per month.
If Obamacare is so great, why don't you have it. I want what you get.
Say it!  amen!
it's NO different than car insurance going up every year!
@SenateGOP to millions of Americans with preexisting conditions: Just DIE!
What we want is for you to fix it. Not kick 32 million off of insurance.
Medicare for All. Please respond!
You're a fear monger and a liar. You are letting people down by not repealing #FailingObamaCare
It’s not the @SenateGOP that did it other than McCain & the others that killed the bill it’s you and the @SenateDems that saddled us w #aca
Vote no on Trump non care
Why should they care their insurance is fine.
Not only are we fine with jacking up your health care costs, we don't really care if they remove them all together because "liability".
#MedicareForAll Do it
