What about legal E2kids? Same as DACA except legal Who's for them? Sent home @ 21. Unfair! #cantDREAM #E2Reform
#saveDACA
I do.
You've been in office since before #dreamers were born and haven't done crap. Quit pretending you care after 34 years.
Thank you, now go stand with @SenSanders on Medicare for All please. Your doing great work otherwise. Proud to call you my Senator.
There is no "free stuff". You will pay a percentage of your income but it will be low, 3 to 5%. That is still way lower than most people pay
Fox news much?
Ah there it is.. excessive use of capitals and exclamation points to try and win a debate. Much better than facts. Next will b name calling?
Wow,must be comedy hour at the Shit House again ...
No! I stand with the Constitution and people who follow the law. #NoAmnesty #AmericanKidsDreamToo
Go stand with them in their country!
I stand with my lovely dreamers
Yes!
Yes now do your job and reform immigration
This country was founded on people with dreams, none of us had papers from the First Nations!
I do not. I paid and suffered for my child's education..no illegal alien should get it for free. America is for American's. Period.

No
Why can't I be a "Dreamer"? My parents brought me here at birth. I did nothing wrong
Congress should listen to me. Solving this whole mess is easy to do. Let groups of citizens decide who stays. Require money and penalties...
be applied to citizens that vouched for the probationary citizen and that person, until the probationary period is over. Require 6-10 ...
people to vouch. They each pay 1/20th of the price to enroll the person for probationary citizenship and must pay 5% of any restitution..
that the soon-to-be probationary citizen may have to pay due to criminal or negligent acts committed during the probationary period. That...
way, the citizens of the US will be accepting illegal aliens that they want here and rejecting those most likely to cause harm. Plus, we...
could use that money to build the wall or just give it to citizens who have been harmed by illegal aliens. Oh... and make it so each...
person can only vouch for/sponsor a maximum of 2 people. The probationary citizen must complete all of the normal requirements for...
people who currently become citizens legally. The total amt 4 becoming probationary should cost 10k-20k per person. They can lose...
Unlike you, I stand with veterans and American citizens.
I think you can stand with both. I support dreamers and our men and women of the armed services along with ur right to be an ass
Durbin is a political whore.
We have elderly and veterans that dream of having their medicine and food as well. We should be helping them.
When r u $ HUNGRY #DirtyPoliticians going to stand with the MILLIONS OF CITIZENS/ CHILDREN LIVING IN POVERTY???
#TuesdayMotivation
How about you stand with Americans? Not illegals with zero rights?
every illegal in college or in a job is one less opportunity for a legal immigrant. how is this pro immigration? how is this fair? why allow
How about a case by case judgement? If they are criminals, out they go. If they are good people, they may GET IN LINE!
I stand with American citizens. You need to resign in shame.
As a U.S. Senator you're both despicable and disgusting, violating the law doesn't warrant the privilege of citizenship
Deport dreamers. No DACA means less crime and job openings for American citizens.
I stand with AMERICA'S AMERICANS. Whose side are YOU on,Dickie Boy?
Senator we have to help keep the dreams coming!
Not me
Thanks dick....i dreamed u got voted out last nite .


Trump’s latest Dept. Of Justice nominee was at key meeting with Comey and Sessions http://bit.ly/2w07zve  
Dreamers needs to do things legally like millions of others
Absolutely they do
This is one of the weakest senator and not to be trusted, sell out Americans for illegals for votes. Dump this loser
NO, I dont stand for amnesty for Dreamers.  They become citizens by a process like everyone else would wants to be in this country.
You stand with any group that gets $$$ into your pocket you crook.
Dead ppl had Dems: 10k+ brdr victims of rape/femicides under &H watch 8 yrs Nada
Haven't they had like 5 years to take care of business? Quit whining and become a citizen, then you can complain
stay off TV and get to work!
Wonder where U stood when Obama's executive decision set them all up 2 fail! I feel 4 them but law is law..& it had an intended termination.
I STAND WITH AMERICAN CITIZENS!

I stand with legal citizens.


Making it BOLD doesn't make it true. Dems didn't stand w/DREAMers w/Supermajority+WH. Only using them politically now #Shameless
Problem with DACA is they are considering illegals a child 18 yrs old to 31 yrs old. Our law for American citizens is 18 years is an adult.
I do
I stand with them abiding by the laws of this Country and getting the hell out.
#ObamaCare is not healthcare,  it is TAX,  they LIED-it means to take all u own or get  in tax debt! Fully #RepealObamacare #WasFRAUDonUSA
STOP THE DEMOCRATS SLAVE TRADE AND MURDERING
END DACA
So do you stand for US born citizens
@greta @billoreilly Help Me! Doesn't the Definition of DACA Convict the Parents Guilt as Illegal-Aliens...Here Against the Law?
Of course you do!!!!!, you put illegals & criminals ahead of actual American Citizens!!!!!
We need action on this issue not just tweets
IL has 18 lawmakers & 2 senators/ Nancy and Chuck have 30/18 yrs in ofc/ U have 20 yrs in ofc, B creative w/OUR POTUS. He will HELP U helpus
IL has 18 lawmakers & 2 senators w/nearly 20yrs in ofc. Why have U ignored IMMIGRATION REFORM? 350,000.000 can only VOTE or CALL/PASS AGENDA
You should be standing South of the Border.  Never represented Americans as hard as you fight for illegals.  He needs the votes!
I stand with you.
don't u  mean  ANCHOR BABIES
Dick stands w/LAWLESSNESS:On June 15, 2012, Obama himself said DACA (The Dream Act) was temporary & not a path to citizenship or amnesty.
Stand with their parents in their birth country.
#StandWithDreamers #Dreamers #DreamAct #DACA #DACADreamers #StandWithVeterans served their adopted country risking their lives,paying taxes!
I stand with law breakers also.
Your dreaming if you think American voters do.
Stand with American Citizens!
Illegals now more important than Americans according to Durban
Yaaaaaaay
Senator; the only R thing to do.Good citizens also have right to vote since they do contribute to our Treasury they paid taxes to
please let me know of any other crimes I can commit that my children can benefit from, can I rob a bank and let them keep the money
Maybe you should stand with our veterans instead who themselves dream of the day something, anything is finally FIXED at the VA.
When every US citizen and every legal immigrant has everthing they need (home, job, education, health) maybe I'll stand with Dreamers.
@SenateGOP I stand with the men and women of @ICEgov, faithfully executing their mandate to enforce our laws 
Then stand with them by more strongly denouncing Trump and the GOP... like every fucking day! Be an activist and we'll believe you.
So you stand with breaking the law.  Interesting.
We stand with Americans. You know, those ones paying for you and your family to live well in OUR Country.
"I STAND WITH DREAMERS"  Retweet if you do to?
Pass a "Dreamers Act", give them "Legal Status", NOW?
"Guess this world, needs its dreamers, may they never wake up" P McAloon, Prefab Sprout (legends)
let them dream in Mexico about becoming a u.s. citizen first
Really, how about standing up for the unborn
Durbin stands with illegals over US troops.
Thank you for reminding me of that sicking speech. I had forgotten about it
Children always pay for parents sins. If my Dad robs a bank, it impacts me, as a child. Dreamers are no different.
Send them home. They have been taking our welfare our tuition now they want to jump in front of people waiting in line
Will do, as Soon as the come in the US legally. Until then get the Hell out! And by the way, let's cut your salary to pay for their expenses
Divider Dick...Do you stand with American citizens and more specifically Illinoisans? Dreamers seem the only thing on ur mind.
You're a fraud!
Vote u out of office!!!!
Why don't you stand for Medicare for All?
I stand with fellow vets who fought and died for this country and faced a Gov Run VA system that let so many die from lack of care.
Should stand with the Veterans whom you sent to walk thru hell first; I'm just saying...
Why can't he do both?
Be nice if he did something vs he and the Dems just thumbing their noses at POTUS and going against everything POTUS tries to do...
Work on health care, Medicare for all!
How about citizens too, we need jobs, healthcare..what are chopped meat.
I stand with Americans.
DREAMERS is REPULSIVE name for CRIMINALS DEPORT ALL
Durbin, where do you stand with Americans?
Are you going to allow American citizens to break laws too? Or is that only for illegals?
Yes I want to get out of paying taxes without any fines or jail time
What a fraud. Typical lieing Demorat
You stand with the votes of illegals, nothing more nothing less.
I stand with veterans and veterans dreamers!
Stand with the American people you weak individual
Please don't forget documented dreamers like me. 31 Republicans have cosponsored the RAC act which includes E2 nonimmigrant children like me

Comment if you don't
Support and surely retweet but also include legal immigrant kids on H4 stuck like Dreamers
Both h4 kids and E2 kids need help. Senator Durbin, please check out the RAC act and use language from it. It includes some of us.
Nope
It's easier to tell the president how to do his job than it is to do your own. #DrainTheSwamp
all I want to know is there any other crimes I can commit that my kids will benefit from, can I rob a bank and let my kids keep the money
How do you stand with the parents who broke the law?
You stand with Trump!
At the expense of your own citizens and voters.  Shame.
Maybe as an elected official of the United States you might want to stand with actual citizens for a change
You sound like an impotent child.
Thank you for your steadfast 16 years of leadership and advocacy for these young Americans, Senator.
Why do DACA children receive MORE financial help with college than my naturalized Hispanic US citizen son does for his college? Explain
Of course Sen. Durbin is a wimp & too afraid to respond to my question.
He is a loudmouth do nothing to help America. Vote him out of Senate
All of you senators tweeting about standing with dreamers are fake AF!!! Pretty sad your all using the dreamers as a way to get at our POTUS
It's pretty sad you support this so called president, you can't see through his fake news
Lmao. Looks like a Hillary supporter. U know nothing. I support every president. America first. Right or wrong. Mistakes will be made.
Please do consider plea of legal dreamers too. Broken skill based immigration to fix! Support @IamHR392  @RepKevinYoder @SIIA_US @helpSiiA
I do too

We do
So what country do we get to deport you to
ShitcagoEver been there? It stinks.

durbin you are a fool--why ILLEGALS   over   LEGALS
take away benefits and watch them run
Then you are a criminal Law Breaking breaking RuleOfLaw-OathOfOffice-Constitution and you should resign from being in Congress.
Can you do me a favor and stand with Americans and Veterans for once?
Along with Dreamers
We know you don't stand with illinoisans!!!
We Are Standing Tall ROS
