You must be speaking of Loretta E. Lynch, the current attorney general that only enforces the laws she and Obama like?
Trump describing "benefits" of sex w a troubled teen.

Thank you @repjohnlewis   The majority of Americans agree: Trump is not legitimate. He should be stripped of his "win" like any cheater
not majority if u had majority trump would not have won in the first place.get over it stand behind your new pres
this is a fake person who has created this acct to threaten & intimidate don't respond to them
Always that same old stinking thing. Don't you get bored to repeat the same after 50 yrs? You're the worst of America.
Bless you, sir, for your service to this nation and its people. I have been saying Trump isnt legitimate also.  #resistance
you have been a divider all your life. Always playing the race card is tiring. #stopthehate
Let's have @jeffsessions, then. Can your blustery drivel.
hypocrites that's what they are Attacks Sessions why because he is white?
Trump doesn't feel that he works for ALL Americans so why would any of his cabinet picks.
how do you know what Trump feels?
JOHN LEWIS A FAILURE TO ATLANTA
Thank you again and still.  Sorry for the continued disrespect by #Republicans
We can always count on you to speak on behalf of the interests of ALL Americans.
And?...
You sent the pic, why?
Whaf do you mean  why am I asking. You sent me a pic w/ no explanation.
you poor thing you need everything explained to you how sad
Didnt seem to bother you when we had that race baiter Holder
I agree, that's why I'm glad Lynch is leaving and Sessions will be in, he's for all, she was only for Clintons.
.@repjohnlewis @RepGutierrez @RepJoseSerrano
Jeff Sessions is a very honorable man & to suggest otherwise is disgraceful. This is purely partisanship!
you say the American voters were illegitimate and our choice for President is illegitimate. MLK sister supports Trump not You
like @SenatorSessions who fought to defeat KKK in Alabama. You are disgusting and should b ashamed.
Why don't you look out for all people instead of crying about only black people.
I had an attorney general that didn't look out for me the last 8 years fool
Retire!

you mean an AJ that looks out for all of you, not the American people who's struggling to even put food in the fridge,
You're right, that's something this country has been missing the last 8yrs, Holder and Lynch certainly didn't uphold the law..
...And we should have a president who is not only F I T, but L E G I T!!!
@CoryBooker
This is what everyone was saying under Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch.  #AttorneyGeneral
AGREED, we need someone who isn't going to cave to liberism or Trump, someone with a mind and heart for the LAW.
so sad! You are all despicable. You are not working for the good of the people just your own left-wing agenda!
 Youtube is having problems in your area  https://istheservicedown.com/status/youtube  RT if are also affected! #YoutubeDown
You constituents need someone who is going to look out for THEM!  Not someone who is out for themselves!  All talk John.
How have you looked out for all of us who are not black, not democratic, not male, not first born, not employed?
it's extremely disappointing to hear you say Trump is illegitimate.   I thought you would stand for everyone's civil rights!
Too bad Obama only looked out for gays, muslims, globalists, Jew-haters and black panthers.
And now that racist Obama out.Trump is putting a real American as AG.Hopefully first thing is to investigate all dems +Hillary

- What An Awesome Man, Not afraid 2 stand up 2 trump & media! All Dems need 2 summon his righteous courage!
I've always had tremendous respect for you over the years. Please at this time unite, not divide. Stand together on the 20th.
You mean your own people?
You're living in the past, John Lewis. That was then, this is now. Stop making excuses for ppl in 2017. DJT=JOBS & Law & Order
Get real. God is on this mans side because he is honest.Evil lost its power.Dont buy into the devils mind set. Be American 1st
a disgrace to democracy, to America- still in the '60s he a living proof for congressional term limits @cnn @realDonaldTrump
Don't just resist, but assist the Prez in making America Great Again!
get back in your hole ....#TRUMP 17
You and your big-labor big-medicine globalist cronies have bullied, harassed, and blacklisted all the good ones. #shame
Traitor! You would harm our country in exchange for damaging the legitimate presidency of DJT. You sir should be ashamed!
@realDonaldTrump OH...U MEAN ILLEGITIMATE LK LORETTA LYNCH MEETG ON GD TARMAC,AHOLE?UR BLIND &HV BN BOUGHT&SOLDbyALINSKY PROGS
Sessions will unlike Holder/Lynch! #DemocratHypocrisy #Shameful
You are so inclusive when it suits you, but exclusive when it doesn't. 20 Dems boycott inauguration? #AmericaFirst
"Blah blah blah #Racism Blah Blah Blah #1965 Blah Blah Blah send me money" @repjohnlewis @YouTube #HitlerOfTheCBC
Please confirm Jeff Sessions. You know he's good, we all know. This is too important to play politics, save your reputation.
Like Eric Holder?
why dont you fix "THE BLUFF" in Atlanta?  look out for their safety
so this is the infamous race-baiting John Lewis. What a tool
You're right of course. We need an Anglo Saxon White Angry Male as AG will look out for all of us. Not just the LGB/BTQ bunch.
how many times have you been arrested?
You sold out a long time ago to shill for the Dem plantation.
hmm, seems to me, YOU are only standing up for some of the people.
sir, u disrespected Trump, he replied back! How was that attacking u! More left bull crap!
speaking of illegitimate: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=cQcd41RO25k&feature=youtu.be# …
Like Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch?
Keep up the good work Rep Lewis.
you are all so out of touch with everyday Americans- that's why u lost this election, not for ne other excuse u come up with
Jeff Sessions is the man for the job!  You Democrats have embarrassed our nation with your behavior. Grow up!
Here's Trump describing "benefits" of sex w a troubled teen. Trump is a sick man
and?
who cares about Trumps thoughts on Lohan. I care what he will do for this country.
You have stopped to such a lower level by rejecting our election outcome TWICE. You are bringing so Much HATE instead of UNITING US. ACCEPT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9_C0kqDocY …
we also need a POTUS and administration that is NOT corrupt, hence the results of the election. America spoke, period
you really need to stop all this Mr Lewis. Help your district out and get to work.  Stop with all the Prez bashing
so true and that is why @jeffsessions is the right man for the job. Hey John stop grandstanding Jeff's the guy
Thank you good sir for being a sensible man. You are a hero & are spot on. #Illegitimate
You set a bad precedent, where Repubs can disrespect any future dem president. What if they said Obama was illegit when electd

Thank you for using your voice to help steer this country in a fair and decent manner.
John Lewis hand-in-hand with Sessions. Stab in the back,
This shows they were at the same event together, not that they were BFF's.
It implies you can never ever trust them.
Do you think Eric Holder or Loretta Lynch was Attorney General that looked out for all America! I think not. Racism Exist -:(
#AMERICANS SEE RIGHT THROUGH YOU.....
You were elected to serve. It's disappointing that you are not doing your job and not help to bring US together, rather words to divide.
These Dems like Lewis in the same breadth are calling 61+M Americans illegitimate.
The last two Attorney Generals have not looked out for all of us.
get over it. You lost. Stop trying to disrupt the voice of the American ppl!
You divide this country and undermine it. You are not a hero but a loser.
1/2 Trump not a legit PODUS? U MUST HAVE FLUNKED HIGH SCHOOL GOV'T. GO BACK TO SCHOOL. UR IGNORANCE/NON TOLERANCE IS OPPOSITE
Thank you for stating Trump is not a legitimate president. I agree with you. He won without integrity or dignity Unfair & liar
you mean like the last two??

Georgia needs A Representative not a Sharpton lackey
Mr. Lewis U were rewarded a seat in the house of reps. U gave oath of office to uphold the constitution and Article 2
You're the black version of KKK David Duke. We are in different era of civil right movement. You need a brain refresh
Trump won fair and square. Even Obama said so in his last presser ( 50 min. mark)
http://www.wnd.com/2017/01/john-lewis-didnt-pay-taxes-on-d-c-townhouse/ …
@Bella Before you start believing what you hear from the media, do some research on making fun of disabled. #nottrue
Did we really sacrifice 670K American lives for this BS?
. i pay you salary and you have a job...U took oath to repest the US constitutiin & laws respect Democracy & citizen's choice
were you referring to Loretta Lynch or Jeff Sessions. Also need someone who doesn't run away when they disagree.
I'm VERY VERY PROUD of you for Stating the Truth "Russia INTERFERED WITH OUR DEMOCRATIC ELECTIONS" and Trump is NOT AMERICAS PRESIDENT !!!!!
Like Obama did and his two AG's did?  Which they didn't.  Stop looking through rose colored glasses.
We NEED rich race hustlers like yourself 2 give it a rest & represent ALL people & STOP using ur position 4 personal BS #MAGA
.I was ashamed of you.The respect I had for you is lost John Lewis! From Atlanta I don't like u no more. Not voting x u anymore
Ummmm....Yeah...Like Loretta Lynch????? Crooked tarmac meeting?????  POLITICAL  HACK!!!
What is next? Are you going to sit on the floor and cry about Trump Picks like you did about Americans having guns?
We need Congressmen who will work for all of us not just Democrats
Many of your black colleagues in the black caucus don't agree with U
They say there is no evidence of racism from Sessions.
dont do prison labor;military service-grow #Hemp #nativeplants edible  #wildflowers-inmates make mil/cop gear
Does the need to be "down with the struggle" trump (no pun) the need to for SOLUTIONS to the struggle? Seems like it
God bless you sir for your hard work and sacrifice. Truth will win the day. Keep up the great work!
Just like we needed U not to sell out to Globalists & actually, in your own words, look out 4 us instead. Forgot that 1 huh...
#ReprehesibleJohnLewis
lost by getting 2,86M more votes, also: calling him a liberal is not an insult, he fought his
you need to turn toward God and stop all the divisive language that divides this nation.  Turn it around. Be a hero.
you are suppose to be a civil rights leader who fought against discrimination only to discriminate @realDonaldTrump #ShameOnU
Where were you when hearings on #EricHolder occurred?
and I bet u no one will do in your book unless Dem! Forget it republicans won on Nov 8.. grow up
We need you to look out for all of us and not simply people of color.
“Work willingly at whatever you do, as though you were working for the Lord rather than for people...the Lord will..." 
 Colossians 3:23-24
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
#NOTHING but being a big cry baby
You are not standing for all Americans just yourself
good for you !
Your time has passed - it's a new world!  Learn to respect the President of the United States - Pres Donald J. Trump
We need responsible adult s to be our leaders, Go to Cuban, live there a year and see what it means to be oppress.
Again .....
You are a fraud.John Lewis.Just another CROOKED DC http://POLITITION.YOU  SHOULD NOT EVEN BE NEAR MLK CELEBRATION.MLK GREAT!!
HOW can you solve black problems when you cannot even get your kids to pull their pants up over their asses ?? START THERE
Ya'll are making this to easy.Laughing our butts off at your feeble attempts.
Be that man who stands for no compromise and things are better than any evidence of the last few years.. Good for you .
Thank you!
this country has been going N wrongdirection last 8 years-Right down the Porcelain Goddess-Please Flush Twice middleeast Far
we need people in congress who will look out for all of us as well, labels like black caucus are decisive #TermLimits
Pretty sure Trump won't lose any sleep u not coming to his swearing in!!
On this National Day Of Service #MLKday2017 I would like to Salute A MAN OF ACTION the Honorable Representative John Lewis @repjohnlewis
@realDonaldTrump with respect Mr Lewis, your words are near the level of a trader 2 this country. We should be coming together
As a great leader who has been blessed and anointed by God (who appoints all our leaders and who sets up Governments)
John i have so much proud and respect for what you said about Trump , he is a racist , spoiled , stupid man . God bless you !
Sessions is a good man. Don't let politics or something stupid he said years ago sway you. His record speaks for itself.
Like Holder & Lynch have done? Really? Recheck your facts. Hopefully you can comprehend them the 2nd time around!

BOOKER T. WASHINGTON

Foreshadowed the likes of John Lewis, Sharpton & Jackson



…
@realDonaldTrump Mr Lewis by saying Trump not legitimate & U not going 2 Inauguration U giving russia what they want. Chaos!
You lost this battle Sir. Did you miss the part where he represented a African who was victim of a wrongful death?
Oh, you hate white people? Yea, we know.
Yeah? And what makes you ASSUME that Jeff Sessions is only going to look out for "just some of us"? Stop playing Race Card.
...puhleeze stop with this divisive rhetoric, you are not helping. You r fortunate to have @realDonaldTrump as #PresidentTrump
Like Holder, and Lynch you got to be joking. LMFAO!
JEFF SESSIONS PROSECUTED THE KKK /THAT IS NOT ENOUGH 4 U BECAUSE U SIR ARE THE RACIST WHO STILL HOLDS THAT GRUDGE
You are hypocrite and liar about #JeffSessions #MLK would not support your disingenuous, deceitful actions #MLKDAY
30 years is obviously too long. Calling President Elect Trump illegitimate shows you're a propaganda mouthpiece!
shame on you @realDonaldTrump WON THE ELECTION 3 times FAIR AND SQUARE! Stop whining and do ur job! Get over urself!
No achievements, no jobs created, no buildings built. You're  a racist failure who hates whites. @realDonaldTrump
John Lewis a future President. All my family r white and we support your values and courage. Not my President.
it is your responsibility to sit down with Trump and to support the smooth transition of power
THEN JEFF SESSIONS IS Your MAN!
We need an AG that doesn't meet w/husband of suspect, then lie to America about it. Man up John
#JohnLewis

yep thats exactly what americans were thinking about lynch who let hillary off..after appointed years by bill then met him
I admire & honor your work 4 civil rights, but please know that #BernieWouldHaveWon.  Now we have this mess! @BernieSanders
You are such an admirable, decent man. Thank you Rep John Lewis for standing with fortitude when many are cowering Respect sir
its because of Americans like you is why racism is still alive
People change Obama.Look at JZee& Sharpton they have been at the White House look at they're background! Give the man a chance
True  that  is  something we  have  not  had  for  years and years
was Loretta lynch looking out for all of us on the Tarmac? Was Holder with fast & furious and being held in contempt. Wake up!
you've had your eight years of racism now it's time to lay down
So true. Munuchin can't get thru either. He screwed 1,000's in housing market. Trump was happy 2 profit from crash.
