Russia's actions aren’t merely annoying scams or disinformation—the threats are real, dangerous, and undermine Western democracy & allies
Let me list several examples—thanks to @NBCNews for helping to publicly document:
2007, Estonia: Russia disabled Estonia’s internet with a particular focus on government offices and financial institutions
2008, Lithuania: When the Lithuanian gov't banned the display of Soviet symbols, Russian hackers defaced gov't web pages with hammer&sickles
2008, Georgia: Russian hackers shut down Georgia’s internal communications to coincide with a military seizure of Georgian territory
2009, Kazakhstan: After Kazakh media published a statement by Kazakh pres criticizing Russia, Russian-attributed attack shut down their site
2014, Ukraine: Russia-based hackers disabled Ukraine's election commission&reportedly tried to rig results in favor of pro-Russian candidate
2015, Germany: Russian hackers accessed the computer network of the Ger. Bundestag&attempted to hack the computers of Ch. Merkel’s CDU Party
2015, Netherlands: Russia tried to hack into Dutch government computers to remove a report about the downed Malaysian airliner over Ukraine
2016, Finland: A security firm announced it believes Russian hackers were behind attacks on Finland’s Foreign Ministry several years before
And the list goes on. What's more important to the party of Reagan—a serious national security threat or slashing health care from millions?
We need a Select Cmte or special commission to investigate these troubling allegations about Russia's ability to compromise our Pres–elect
With overwhelming evidence of tampering can we call a new election?
Please make sure the GOP does NOT sweep this under the rug. We deserve to know the truth. Thank you for your efforts.
just stop! HRC was NEVER a good candidate. That comes from history itself. I didn't need Russia to know that!
Thank you for doing your job to protect us from the danger within our country and without.  Information is the key.
Yes, this is extremely important and needs to be addressed immediately.  Thank you for speaking up and demanding action!
Where have u been? Russians & Chinese have hacked like crazy in the past 8+ years and u did nothing. Work on cyber security!
Make sure there is a non-partisan investigation into Russia's 
interference with our presidential election.
Deflection, obfuscation and inaction on real issues. Why don't we work to get an unhackable election system? @kgoldner
Thank you for continuing to fight for this critical bipartisan investigation!
I totally agree. This whole new presidency is scary.
what is the next step if they interfered with actual voting?
I agree with you.  We elected a very unpredictable man into the White House. Our democracy is threatened.
Thank you for stepping and making this a priority.
I agree!  Let's investigate, even if only to ensure we know whether it happened, and that it won't happen again.
It's time to Impeach someone who has close ties to the Russian government under espionage laws Patriot Act!
Agree.  Fight on.
I agree one-hundred percent!
TRUE FRONTS?NOT GET CAUGHT TRUMPS SIDE DISTRACT..NEED DIRECTION?CHOICE?CORE INFO?TO WIN.CONSTITUTION TRANSPARENT?NOW
It's a bunch of BS, Dick! Grow up - he's your President! JPH
Thank you and pls make sure investigation into Trump's involvement with the Russians proceeds.
I agree. We also need to see tax returns.
Thank you sir.  I am glad you represent the great state of Illinois.
He may end up impeached for treason. Don't wait. Lead the Senate to impeach under sec. 4 of amendment 25 to the Constitution. UNFIT!
I don't know why anyone would not want to take this matter serious...
Really serious. What do you propose to do?
Thank you for your leadership with this very important matter.
PLEASE block confirmations of Pruitt, Price, Sessions, DeVos, Mnuchin, Mulvaney, Puzder. They do NOT care about the 99%
I pray Congress responds to your request for investigation of Russian cyber attack
The question is: can we prove Trump  was complicit in it before he destroys our democracy?
GOD knows that Democrats weren't serious for the past eight years+
, ya because for the last 8 years you have done nothing. Keep your mouth shut derbin, you would speek volumes.
TY. I'm not a constituent, but an American. We need more like you who fight four our freedom and country. We got your back.
How do you get R colleagues to see that these allegations must be investigated fully?  Our nation can not heal without knowing the truth.
congress must get serious about voter protection and the %20 reduction in black vote. GOP war against voting
Agreed. Russia hacking could target other gov't members besides prez, could target banks, economy, all of it.
please go to #trumpleaks over 300 vetted real documents Trump Russian connections since 80's plus China
Ukraine had a RE RUN OF THEIR ELECTION ...U.S. should too!!!!
Thank you for recognizing this. We will be here to support your effort in fighting back.
@VoteHillary2016 @YouTube CORRUPT  Trump will let DICTATOR  PUTIN INTO WHITE HOUSE IMPEACH TRUMP AND REPLACE PENCE KKK ASS
Mitt Romney said as much 4 years ago then he was ridiculed by Obama
All of a sudden your worried about this? Where where u & obama 2 yrs ago on this issue? No where to be found. #Pitiful
so what legislation are you proposing?
VIEW RT
CONGRESS GET SERIOUS, RUSSIA'S YEARS-LONG EFFORTS TO ATTACK AND CONTROL AMERICA #BoycottTrumpInaugural
why have you waited so long.
why haven't you done anything about it
Why now? Why not 1 year ago when China hacked 20 million American's confidential information.
1) I have always had the privilege to live in a state guided by your steady demeanor and thoroughly metered actions…
2) I am very saddened to see that it has been such a long road for a call to action. I will stand with you in this pursuit…
3) We will not forget that there were countless opportunities to take action that have gone without a fight…
When you only had to voice support for representatives in accepting the vote you failed us! Do Better with the mess you aided
@laureldavilacpa well, maybe if theDems got some spine. Hate the GOP but Dems pissing me off.
Have repeatedly asked of other Dem Reps, Tribe & Media: Many want to understand why no Dem Senator co-signed 4 Rep. Barbara Lee on EC vote?
.@SenatorDurbin  Come for the tweet, stay for the series.
, senator Durban, this is too important for a passive civilized response! Do NOT have faith in any moves. Attack, resist now!
the evidence is there.  The FBI must do their job and arrest Trump.
@laureldavilacpa  George Conway (Kellyanne husband) recently defended company accused of bribing #Russian officials
I wish you were the minority leader. @YouTube
@njaresko @YouTube you all could have started by upholding the Budapest Memorandum which you did not and Russia exploited!!
@PrincessBravato @YouTube you are so right about that it won't name USA anymore T& P country.
This explains a lot. https://twitter.com/maddowblog/status/819371649552105472 …
Thank you for publicly addressing this. I have never been this frightened for our country.
Now Dump's Russian connects R being found dead.

This is terrifying.

We need a special prosecutor.
considering RU has an agent in the highest office of the country, ya maybe its time to get serious... #idiots
Wouldn't hold your breath since IC knew about #Russianhacking 21+ mos ago and did nothing until 2 weeks before inauguration.
Times up for talking...Secretary of State elect pleading the 5th!  Seriously folks!
Just why haven't you or Obama done anything over the last few years?  This did not just happen recently!
We need an independent select committee to investigate as well as FBI sharing report w public! No Traitir in WH or Cabinet
so what have you people done about it???
ok thank you sir
You wouldn't be nearly as vocal if they had hacked GOP emails.
What?? Obama's "cut it out" didn't work? Are you new to the Senate?? Where you been the last 8 years?! Pathetic 
 @YouTube
I agree
now you make sense. Defend us and protect us from Trump
Americans need to feel safe, that the leaders are here for us, protecting us, our families, neighbors. Not really feeling it right now.
The only way business is conducted in Russia is through BRIBERY.  SO YOU BETTER BE DIGGING DEEP WITH TILLERSON.
you had 8 years. Why didn't you take care of it then!
thank you Sir. Thank you for speaking up and demanding that the senate NOT IGNORE this attack on our democracy.
- @MittRomney tried to tell us this four years ago but all the libtards laughed...who's laughing now? #RussiaHacking #Trump
Why r you giving our children TB via fake refugees, aliens that haven't been vetted 4 disease/violence?  Go @realDonaldTrump
Very funny. I remember discussing Hillary's use of private email server more than two years ago over beer and pizza.
Hillary presented the information to anyone who has a cyber team. Most of which we trained.
But when? We are running out of time and our freedom and Democracy are slipping away before our eyes. #Outrage
Do you really believe that Russia is the only one. What about  North Korea, China, Syria, and most of the rest of the world.
Stop giving them what they wanted......TRUMP! Not fair to the person WHO REALLY WON!
let's start with getting John McCain to resign #ResignMcCain
agree 
Sir, America knows about Trump and Russia. If Congress cannot and will not do anything but talk please be quiet. Action plz!!
You are my senator, and an honorable patriot. Thank you for standing up to this corruption, please for U.S. keep standing up.
There's a lot Congress needs to get serious about. Do something/anything would be a start.
And the GOP was stupid enough to announce the obstruction up front (can't deny it if you say you're going to)
Maybe they can. Seems to work for DJT.
No argument there
Lets talk facts.  SURE RUSSIA DOES THIS, BUT LETS NOT FORGET, WE DO THIS TO THEM AND EVERYBODY ELSE TOO.  SO LETS STOP BEING HYPOCRITES!!!
China hacked 21M OPM Top Secret Finger Prints, NKorea to Sony, Iran to Banks/Dam @realDonaldTrump Stupid Gov.
Russia is only controlling you, not us. Maybe you should start with China first. They ripped off 20 million Americans.
Then why haven't  you already gotten serious? You have been there a long time! No disrespect intended!
