Trump buoyed the white nationalist movement as no president has done in generations http://nyti.ms/2wcRwxb  by @GlennThrush @maggieNYT
NAZIS burned books, ISIS destroyed Monuments, Democrats Destroy American History, When is your BOOK burning event? DEMS need more defeats

This photo was in New York city head to the #democrats convention not so long ago now they have the goods off but still #democrats supported
Hahahahahahahahaha dumbass
UNACCEPTABLE! DOJ subpoenaed info on 1,300,000,000 people who viewed a site opposing the inauguration while armed Nazi's are given a pass?
The 1st Amendment applies to all, even and especially those we disagree with.  Doesn't it?
https://goo.gl/liKUTy  #Linky Don't you miaw me this way
It's not Trumps fault what they believe.
You make shit up for what base you have. I bet Chicago votes you out
He is on their side
I was happy that he came out condemning hate groups but then dismayed when he backed tracked what he said.
Senator, we're capable of reading our own news. We elected you to represent us. When will you act to remove 45 and save country????
It's an ignored fact by the highly intelligent @GOP that was so eager 2 win but actual lose! Thank you God-
Both bodies of Congress should call him out on his statement. This is giving aid and comfort to the nation's enemies.
So is your corruption.
They believe because IT IS TRUE!!! He must be REMOVED from the office. He is unfit and the entire world knows it. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Baloney!
Baloney?  I see you prefer the steady diet of bullshit this administration is serving up. Enjoy it while you can. #45MustGo
I am not with Senator Durbin,  I support our President!
Because he is
Good thing he's not, so why are you worried?
Beliefs don't make it so! Trump was correct in calling out both sides of the issue.
Liar!
Because if anyone knows the white supremacist movement it's Durbin and the Democrats and their spokespeople at the NYT.
He is! Why shouldn't they believe that? Did you not listen to the same speach yesterday that I did?
I am not liberal, but he is out the proverbial closet now!
He is on the side of hate. Senator, I beg you, start the impeachment process NOW!!!
Lol!
So you will just keep stirring the pot with bs news stories and no actual facts??? This is the worst witch hunt I ever seen.
uh
It is, they should get their facts right, poor stupid white supremacist. Thanks for pointing out their error
Maybe, but how do u know. U actually believe what they say? I hope not!!!

You have to know. The Dems will kill anyone. To destroy Trump. THEY will be exposed for the HELL THEY caused  to  peace LOVING people .
Yeah ! And his some of his family is Jewish. Nice try Super Dick.
Isn't he?
No outrage though when Clintons were supported by KKK. No outrage when Obama was supporting/supported by Rev Wright. You are scum, sir.


Durbin you are looney.
That's not his fault
People are responsible for what they say, not what you choose to hear.
Please call for his impeachment. We cannot be idle while he destroys our democracy.
Since Duke is from your Democrat Party, you & others know that he is trying to discredit @realdonaldtrump on purpose along with the MS Media
As is your devisve retorick ! The Potus  has NEVER deminstraited  ANY  form of  racism,until he ran & WON the presadentsey! Ask Oprah  ?!
We must do more than words alone - the racist elements in WH need to go: Bannon, Miller, Gorka; and need you to hold Trump  accountable
For 8 years U & your fellow Dems lied to us about health care, Benghazi, Iran, ISIS & the economy. Your sickening comments try to divide us
Come on! He has denounced everything in Charlottesville for four days now. You know nothing he says will be enough for you and the libs.
He denounced them, and is not on their side, he is not on either side.
Dick please back up your "belief" of this group. Please use 100% proof because that's what matters. This is important info you state.
It is also a fake liberal narrative. Losers.
Is your failure to condemn #AntifaTerrorists  because like you they are a wholly owned subsidiary of George Soros?
Call for his impeachment! Loudly & boldly speak out against this hate & bigotry of white supremacy. Trump & his cabinet are dangerous.
You can't impeach a President just because you don't like him!
Something you have in common then!  Criminals of Chicago think your on their side, keeping guns away from their victims.  #hippocrat
The president condemned the white supremacist the KKK what more do you need his blood
Communists know your on their side. Predictable
He is Trump only cares about TRUMP
"Believe he is on their side?" HE IS ON THEIR SIDE!!!
will #DickDurbin denounce #WhiteSupremacist #Democrats who destroyed the #AfricanAmericanFamily to own its VOTE ?
But he is not on any hate groups side. You should tweet your support for that!!!
If both sides had morals, the fights would have never happened. You can't have free speech if you don't allow extreme speech you don't like
Durbin you are sickening
Please get him out of there.
He is
He is.
Time 2 hold GOP legislators accountable to denounce the @POTUS. #NaziEvil
What's really sickening is he is on their side.
And is starting CW2
Just like blm and the previous president!
He is on their side.
Please...... the world has not ended.  Listen to the people that elected you & cut the drama.
You don't have to "believe" what's fact. I don't "believe" in the sun; reality is reality.
Senator Durbin, please go Speaker Ryan and ask him to begin impeachment.
Has it occurred to anyone that perhaps he is?
Your sickening. Your just a partisan fool who won't admit blm & ANTIFA are supported by the Democratic Party. Come on Sen. Speak 1 time.
They believe it because it's true.
It's sickening that so many people are shocked to find this out now.
How many times does trump need to disavow and condemn racists for the media do stop pushing this leftist canard?
But Trump is on their side just like his Father who was arrested at KKK Rally Google it!
You are such a liar!! Why not do something constructive. Shame on you!! Do the right thing for once. 
How do you figure. He has opposed them going allllll the way back to the early 90s. Enough with your useless tweets
Fake news from fake news. I am disgusted that you promote this filth.
What can we do?  He is legitimizing hatred
Obama did that by his negative comments about cops & support of the BLM & their  protests.... smashing property and such. Get real here!
99% of this thread are the 1s that Lost he is not on their side but sounds like you are stop spreading hate n get back to work while u can
Why are you referencing a Marxist communist rag? Unless you're an American traitor.
Mr. Durbin don't you have something else better to do like work on the taxes in the state of Illinois instead of ripping on our president.
You are using dangerous anti-Trump rhetoric in order to overthrow our USA gov't.
Welcome to 2017 where liking Nazis is a partisan issue while our fragile democracy crumbles before our eyes.
Please work with MoC to censure and impeach Trump. These positions are not acceptable from ANY perspective.
They believe he is white supremacist /nationalist because he is -look at his advisers.
Of course, you *would* use #FakeNewsMedia as your source...
Please introduce a resolution of censure against the president. It's a perfect way to check the executive. And stand against bigotry
He is on their side. That is what is sickening.
Just as sickening as obummer siding with BLM...
one cant be more #racist than #Democrats destroying #AfricanAmerican families to become the new #PlantationMasters
LOL,  you liberals lost the elections. So all you can do is lie about Trump. You democrats are domestic enemies
Sickening.
Sickening is what you AllDemocrats + FalseRepublicans Are trying to do - make USA socialist&oppressed Country WAKEUPAMERICABEFOREITISTOOLATE
Agreed. What's also sickening is the number of welfare recipients that "know" dems are on their side so they don't have to work.
What is sickening? Their beliefs or the fact that he is on they side?
Regardless of what you, the white supremacists, the nazis, and the media are trying to portray, President Trump is on America's side!
By his words and his deeds, he IS on their side!
But didn't you know? There are good nazis and white supremacists, the orange shitgibbon says so, and you must NEVER question authority.
Dick, it's from the NYT, nobody with a brain believes them anymore.  They're not a news source, they're a propaganda arm of your party.
BLM knows that you are on their side, Dickie. Get lost
he is on their side
He is!
He is on their side.
PLEASE DO SOMETHING TO REMOVE THIS HORRENDOUS ADMINISTRATION!
Stop giving these people a voice and they will scurry back to their rocks and hide! No more tv & FB and this will go away!!
He's nothing more than white trash with money!
You mean just like the Clintons?? At least Trump worked for his money, unlike others that sold the country out for money. Also rem haiti?
Senator, I love ya, but he IS in league with them. It's as clear as the nose on your face. Stop equivocating--it's part of the problem.
Thank you, Senator Durbin! Making me proud to live in Illinois. :)
You must be kidding!
And based on his statement, they're right..... he IS on their side.
They don't just believe, they know.
I agree! The left press, who knows better, politicizing a tragedy for political purpose is just despicable!!!
You need to stand up and demand that your Republican colleagues stand up and call him out by name
Everyone else in the world believes he's on their side too.
Senator please reach out to the Illinois delegation to begin the #impeachment process.
That is because he is on their side. If you do not condemn them entirely, you condone them
#HE IS !!!  Wake up, its daytime!!
They are right, he IS on their side.
