I'm no scientist, but I think climate change is cyclical. Fluctuations, yes, but not sure about massive floods & ocean desalination, imho
I am a scientist. And more specifically, an atmospheric scientist. And this is wrong.
Um, climate IS cyclical, we are in an Ice Age right now, currently in an interglacial period of warm temps, glaciation will return one day
Climate and weather are two different things. Thats why the phrase "global warming" is archaic now. Not sure why you think its an ice age?
They are using Earth's Historical Temperatures. We are currently roughly 12 degrees cooler than the average. #SampleSize #NaturalCycles
the Earth is very old, human beings are very new to this planet relatively, we couldn't survive those old historical high temps
I am aware. But clearly humans didn't cause those many years of warming...
right but the recent warming very closely follows our increased use of fossil fuels - we can choose to do something or do nothing
He should worry about hockey
He can do both.
Sports figures should be Switzerland. Very few can articulate a good point.  WWJD.  What would Jeter do is how athletes should be.
So he should fuck a supermodel and send her home with a gift bag of memorabilia the next morning? That's what Jeter did.
Well said! It's not political, it's moving forward vs going backwards. You're a positive influence to many  Make Earth Great Again
Hey Ference & Toews you may want to educate yourself before spewing such nonsense. Watch and learn:
Cute video Kel but I think I'll stick with the education I received from @HarvardEXT. Peer reviewed science is a wonderful thing.
Without embarrassing you in front of your fans, you DO realize the 97% consensus has been debunked? You know that, correct?
Have a Sponge Bob which explains that? Easy to claim things in cartoons, much harder to replicate real science. Keep on trollin' on though.
Science is never settled.
Especially when you get your examples from the Consensus Project, funded by Talisman Energy. Have a good day Kel. 
Andrew why not just prevent forest fires to lower carbon and have massive tree planting campaigns. I personally think carbon is fine
I blame your shitty post season "performance" on climate change.
@vladixm2  2 questions 1) Earth is 4 bn yrs old - when has climate NOT changed? 2) What is Earth's "perfect" temperature.
it's an embarrassment, JToews 
had the earth not warmed since the last great ice age, this country wouldn't even be here for you to play hockey in dude..
Thanks for being smart and real as well as talented.
JonThan as much I like you, don't drink the cool aid of global warming it's a left leaning lie. Fake info to show warming. Don't believe
*facepalm*
Look up the research it's a hoax. It's to get funding for those lieing scientists giving false information . * head lock*  and face wash*
@vladixm2 While you're working on those two questions, a little to think about.#ClimateChange #YVR
bro that's all good wth climate but fuck I figured Stanley final again
Stick to hockey... dont make me not like you
You’re a great hockey player but woefully ignorant about this topic. Humans are ‘more special’ than other life. #ParisAccord was/is wrong.
We believe! We also believe that Trumps policies will put US carbon emission targets at risk. Let's #OffsetTrump http://unitedbytrees.com 
We all leave a footprint in life, it's up to all of us to decide whether it's carbon, or for the better of the environment.
A government is just made up of people, too.If we all made a conscientious effort to recycle, car-pool, and not litter, makes a difference.
I so agree with you.. If every person including government made an effort we'd all be in better shape
Yes, it would. We can't expect the government to "fix" everything. We have to make an effort ourselves.
Yes , try and be #Green Wonder how many flights he takes in a yr ???
A lot. But, if each of us did our best to make a difference would it help?
When are the millionaire hockey players going to travel commercial instead of the charters? Good for environment.
How do you know he doesn't fly commercial? He also said he wasn't perfect "green".
Because no NHL teams fly commercial. Maybe go back to scheduled train travel. Anything to curb this catastrophic climate change
hmm...my spiritual beliefs tell me I was made in God's image w/dominion over the other animals.
God also calls us, as Christians, to be stewards of the Earth!
for people  to be thinking 100 yrs. Ahead, but important to be able to feed and educate your family today too
Yes! But these climate accords DON'T destroy jobs!
I think people have seen green jobs as money making opportunities. Which is good if built on truth & fact.
because here's the long and short of it: oil will run out. coal is gone. wind and solar? gonna be here forever.
not convinced oil is going away any time soon....
Scientists predict that we passed "peak oil"--the time at which we've used up 1/2 of available oil resources--several years ago.
Have even more respect for you#Capitaine
Toews man, what about forest fires? 5 million hectares burn in the usa every year and 4/5 fires are man made. If we could only stop them
Stop.
Love your statement Jo. I agree!Thank for it.
Just get us to the cup finals next year Johnny. But I know a lot of carbon dioxide comes off of the ice.   So maybe best of 5. Plant a tree.
As for ppl who don't care abt the planet, I must conclude that, if homeowners, their houses go uninsured and they ALL shit where they eat.
Climate change isn't a matter of belief, it is a matter of fact. Allowing political dogma to trump facts is always a recipe for disaster
Tell that to the Drump sycophants. Ill informed bufoons
@andrewandkatiew
wow
yet the industry you make your millions depends on the added use of co2 emissions... and oil based petroleum products to thrive
Yes, he's advocating for better environmental policies even if means he has to spend more time on busses or trains. That's integrity
Lol yea... he'll be busing alright when the rest of them team flys to LA and Anaheim, Dallas and so on for games. Integrity for sure 
Well not alone, obviously. Better policies would mean everyone travels more cleanly.
Will never happen in NHL... that's the point to my original tweet, to many games in a season to be "environmentally friendly" sorry
Well then hopefully the federal government will invest in clean energy to make up for the inevitable burning of fossil fuels
And hopefully the federal government will invent a world of rainbows, unicorn and leprechauns. I'm done talking with you 
Yes, I can see how hard this is for you. Enjoy your afternoon.
Stick to hockey, buddy.
He pulled out because it was a bad deal for US. Why should we flip the bill while we reduce emissions and China/India and others do nothing
No politician actually cares. It's all a fashion statement tbqh. Trump is at least honest. If only they all could be.
"Trump is at least honest."

dafuq?
All politicians lie when they claim they work for you. They don't. Trump at least admits it. I appreciate such honesty.
Trump literally said, "I am your voice" and "I alone can save you." What the hell are you talking about?
Trump est un connard!!!! Je suis d'accord avec vous 
Some insight into the subject. Ur getting into deep waters- look b4 u leap #YVR #NHL #ClimateChange
A lot of "feels" but no explanation of how the accord would decrease overall co2 emissions. It wouldn't, so quit whining.
We can't control our own borders but we can control global climate?
Your offsides on this one
amazing skill to construct a tweet that's this wrong in two different ways. Kudos.
@rayferrarotsn That's a great thought ! How many Air Plane Flights do u take a year ?? How GREEN IS THAT ?? #StartWalking 
Sorry Captain, on this one,stay in your own country! Why should my hard earned tax dollars goto subsidize countries not doing their part??
True, not saying there isnt Climate Change problem, just everyone should do their fair share, not just US.. there's a better deal to be had!
No matter what anyone else does, we should always do the right thing, I think. U.S. should lead by example
We are... The example is, the US isnt going to pay for everyone else if they're not going to do their fair share!   Were not an ATM! :-)
We can afford to pay and do more than other countries. That's why we run the show. I'm not happy backing out and leaving other ppl in charge
Same thing with our military. We pay more than other countries, but it puts the US in control.
Well, from a Veteran, I understand your point about the military, but I dont think we'll be out long, we'll get a better deal out of this!
Yeah a 2 degree temperature increase in the next 100 years is so detrimental. Y'all stupid. Play hockey
I hope you leave Illinois since we are working to be more green. Maybe ask @LilChano79th what he thinks about it
Graduation, which means I'm sensible with financials and believe in arguing for our nations financial future as well as its sustainable one
Wish you would worry more about playing hockey come May and June than you did about the environment honestly
He can't play hockey if there's no ice, buddy.
Well considering they can basically make artificial ice, shouldn't be too much of a concern to him
He probably has another 10 years as a hockey player but if he's lucky another 50+ years as an inhabitant of planet Earth.
Jonny I love you on the ice. But don't ruin it by spewing your views on this. Just have fun and play hockey. Do what you do best
James,I don't love you or hate you either way, but he has every right to voice his opinion, just like everyone else does. Freedom of speech
Thank you for being nice. I understand he has freedom of speech on this issue. I just wish his mind was on October is all
Pens fan here, but I have the ultimate respect for this guy as a person. I only wish Kane was as respectable
Way to be classy, then instantly ruining it by being incredibly petty.
Petty? I meant that I love to watch Patrick Kane on the ice, amazing hockey player, so it sucks that he's got so much off the ice trouble
Not sure what your big problem with this is
Stick to playing hockey!
Just when I think I couldn't respect you more, you show even more class and integrity. Thank you!
Paris Agreement was about money. 97% of countries collecting money doing nothing. There's a better solution that saves taxpayers & climate
Thanks but will take advice on climate science from people with degrees like @EcoSenseNow not those who get hit on the head for a living.
VOSTOK ICE ANALYSIS DEBUNKING CLIMATE CHANGE GLOBAL WARMING GLOBAL COOLING OR WHATEVER NAME U WANT TO USE FOR GREEN HOUSE TAX GRAB SCAM #NHL
No! Man-created climate change is a scam. When the @NHLBlackhawks start using @GreyhoundBus to move between cities I may start recycling!
Good thinking trumps political ideology.
Well said Captain, well said. #Blackhawks
This is why everyone loves you
WTF is wrong with you. You were a hockey player? Stop drinking the koolaid and start scoring goals!
Does anyone want to take a guess at what ended the last ice age?
Of course I believe in climate change, jonathan . It is important that we get ALL the things in our hands for our future on the earth.
Doesn't US leads world in reduction of greenhouse gas?
Unless I'm mistaken, you're Canadian. So, what do you care if the U.S. bowed out of an accord that hampers its manufacturing ability?
hockey involves ice. this makes too much sense. good for you man
Going vegan is an amazing first step ;-)
This is a fake argument it's not about CLIMATE change it's about MONEY and POWER
Trump is putting himself 1st tactics 1 should no n a bullshiter's world
100% agree. It's only hubris that causes humans to think we're more important than any other life form in Earth.
Accord without accountability is lazy which is what this was.  Make a new one with incentive for short and long-term benefits for all.
how bout shut your mouth and just play hockey? concerned about being green rather than the cup?! maybe I should be a Preds fan. #swept
You're not only a great hockey player but an even Greater Human Being ,well said
Stay in your lane. Hope your rear end can be saved by US Armed Forces. Pray for UK
Agreed!
Eat some more falafel
Putting Americans what?
Lol your a b-i-t-c-h
Climate Change isn't just American, it's world wide, and by thumbing his nose at it, Trump just proved he's for the fat cats
I don't get the "believe in" line. Facts don't require belief, they simply are. Religious faith requires belief; science exists regardless.
Since u r not on the ice  i hope you get to hear doc emerick call a game he is the GOAT of announcers
I do belive Jonathan. We are in the 21st century, and all the progress that mankind has is due to science and reserach.
Only the rich are aloud to burn co2
Thanks @JonathanToews for #CallToAction on #climatechange in advance of #WED2017 #withnature! @UNACanada & @UNACGreenCorps are with you!
Do you believe in climate change?
I do believe that our climate is changing radically.
It sure is if your in LA..or any big city for that matter..but as a whole..the earths climate is changing no more than it has in the past
Well, I'm going to trust the majority of the scientific community on this one. 97% of them think it's a global issue.
idiot.
Says the hockey player with the enormous 'carbon footprint' LMFAO 
Thanks for taking a stance.
As a fan of my home team we should draft U as a politician. Kill 2 birds with one stone. Remove you from Hawks and get great representation
Let me know when ya'll stop driving ur cars and heating/cooling ur homes. #humansarenotmoreimportant
You're the man Toews, thank you
Thank you for making a good statement.
Way to go. If there is a God, you'd think he'd want us to protect his creation.
Thoughtful and well written essay-thanks, Jonathan. Kick some ass in 2017-18. Go Blachawks!
Do people even understand with the Paris agreement is? And how much money the US would have to put into it for other countries 
Ya he's a fool  . But he's a real big fool .  Best fool you ever seen.  But a great fool.
Nope. Biggest lie ever.
Atta boy Jonny.Whether or not you believe in climate change we should be conscious of our lands. Maintain and protect our natural resources
an non binding agreement where both china & india can pollute as much as they want for the next 20 years=bad deal! #climate
Sooo does this mean your coming back to Canada to play?
Way to go #19. That's what I call being the CAPTAIN!!!
It's been changing since the beginning of earth. The only lie we tell is that humans are more special than others and can control climate
So move back to #Canada instead of being a sell-out if it bothers you that much....
When u stop flying around the globe to play a game then maybe you'll convince us not to burn fuel as well? Til then .
Climate change deniers are so sad. Do you believe the Earth is flat too?
Well said, @JonathanToews !!
Dude, you fly to ice rinks in the south for a living. Please.
maybe you can address @LeoDiCaprio usage of private jets and yachts when considering his "leadership" around climate change
Said perfectly!
What kind of vehicle does Toews drive?Howbig is his mansion, does he dry his clothes on a clothes line,not use A/C Let's see his commitment
As an aspiring scientist who is deeply concerned about the environment, you gave me another reason why you're my favorite player.
Amen
I love this. So much.
Me too
Good call
Global warming is caused by GEOENGINEERING. They are spraying our skies daily and heating the ionosphere to manipulate the weather.
So in 83 years the earths climate lowers .5 degree! China & India, contribute largest amounts of pollution,no mandates
So many american retards posting...wow
@dyketacular Not sure if you have already seen this, but given your love for Hockey I thought you might appreciate this
Perfectly stated, and I am a NY Ranger fan!
Awesome message, keep inspiring people through multiple avenues!! Good job Mr. Toews
looks like you got a lot of extra time in the last 6 weeks to become an expert on climate change.
Doing your part is great. Here is something we can do to cut greenhouse gas omissions right now. Use more Natural Gas, true story
Most Americans are waiting for their bodies to completely break down too.
I believe we are living in a fool's paradise if don't believe in climate change
No executive order, I don't think.
It wasn't binding on any American or any American company. Completely voluntary. Legally not worth paper it's written on.
That's why my original thought on issue was trump would threaten something and then claim to have made better deal.
A conventional Repub statesman would have stayed, said we will lead in spirit of agreement but I will not impose undue burdens on companies
He didn't and by "withdrawing" he conceded the leadership argument with no need to do so.
Agree. 100 percent. Despite what others say, it's important you speak out about these major issues.
Well said.
@JonathanToews this is what the Paris accord seeks to do! You're a pawn, wake up!
I absolutely  this!!!
so well said.
Spot on  
I wonder if all of these Paris Accord doomsayers recycle at home? Drive economy cars, use solar? Etc. etc. Hmm... #ParisAccord @POTUS
Let's use the 100 billion for healthcare-feeding -homless veterans instead of giving it away to other countries. Maybe fixing in Flint!
Must be those intangibles.  from a  fan
He has a damm right to speak out just like many of you. And his points are valid. More stars should speak out on the issues.
well said
I'm busy tryna feed myself and live indoors. There are ppl on this planet w/ the money to solve  everything that don't. IG THEY'RE ASSES.
That picture must be of Winnipeg...
Stick to hockey. #MAGA
Stick to hockey, the biggest farce going right now is that we can control the weather... seriously ppl, it's the craziest idea going
Yes the climate changes. Boy, what a deep thinker. Stick to hockey. Let the adults run the country.
Yes man! We need more professional athletes to drop their gloves and defend the planet. If we don't change our ways soon, it'll be too late.
...is there any chance earth is still warming up from the ice age???
I think about it occasionally when I see a polar bear out of ice and snow, does Jonny think about aboard the private planes and fancy cars?
You can believe in climate change but feel that the Paris accord was horrible for the US. We need a stronger binding deal for the world!
I love how Cpt. Serious raises a pt of human concern that's inconveniently divided people politically, but tries to elevate it beyond L vs R
THANK YOU for speaking truth!
Nothing is stopping individuals from making better choices for the environment, not everything has to be a gov't mandate.
This is why I love you!
Doubt that @JonathanToews would sign a bad contract because he believes in money too. So, why should a nation sign a bad deal?
Truth.
Do you believe in negotiating your next contract? Trump is no different than you then, except he doesn't have multiple arrests due 2 alcohol
Loved seeing your home garden pics before. Every little thing we do can help our planet! #urbangardeningrepublic
Well said Cap.
Well said young man!!!
The stick to hockey tweets are fantastically ignorant. Wish we could have said something similar to @realDonaldTrump though...
Same!
Well said dear captain!!
Why is it okay to be so rude? How about conversation?
Respect.
The climate on earth has been changing since day one, I know it is hard to believe but even before man. We think that we are so smart.
Pick a problem and resolve it. Doesn't matter where we start.
You are a very brave man! I totally agree.
Do the @NHLBlackhawks fly on airplanes ? If so, maybe you can stop that and people will stop laughing at you for being a hypocrite.
Thank you for wading in on the issue. Ignore the Trump trolls, they are brain washed with propaganda.
My Captain!
Toews!! Now I like you almost as much as Tavares!
Did you even read the agreement?
Hey Jon, did you buy any tix for the game tonight? Or are you watching at home?
LOVE this.  Thanks for posting.  A warmer world will mean less pond hockey.
Good stuff. Think of it this way. If you reduce ur carbon footprint, it won't be a disaster even if climate change isn't real. So do it.
Nice statement, JT. Glad you spoke out.
This is why you are captain.
yes
Love it! It's amazing how lazy people can be. So much paper and plastic being used these days and people never dispose it properly
If you signed this agreement, Germany can tell YOU to stop using planes to do your job. Your out of a pay check. How does that feel?
