Scott Pruitt has spent his career in office working to weaken enviro regulations—I have no confidence in his commitment to the @EPA mission
No amount of lead is safe for our children. We need a strong @EPA leader who is committed to removing this hazard from our water and homes
Thank you!
Thank You!!!
@EnvDefenseFund @EPA as an asthmatic and Illini, I thank you Senator for doing the right thing!
@leahcwr @EPA  Thank you!!
You think this is BIG NEWS if you voted for him mow that would be BIG News
thank you Senator Durbin!
@EnvDefenseFund @EPA Thank you, Senator.
@EnvDefenseFund @EPA thank you
The People want Oil Stupid.
Thank you Senator Durbin and @SenDuckworth for your no votes on DeVos and look forward to your no votes on Scott Pruitt
@Simeagh @EPA Senator, as an Illinois resident, I thank you.
Thank you
Thanks!
Well they've done a piss poor job so far !!!
Thank you Senator.
thank you for protecting us against this madman
Thank you Senator Durbin! Protect our planet! We only have one....
Thank you Senator Durbin.  Your hard work for your voters and our voices is being heard and is very much appreciated!
Thank you for your leadership Senator Durbin.
thank you for representing IL- Glad to call you my senator
Thank you, Senator Durbin.  Please continue to speak for us.
Thank you, Senator.
thank you
thank you Senator Durbin. The planet can't wait.
Thank you Senator!!  You're fight and strength doesn't go unnoticed!!
.@SenatorDurbin @EPA Thank you!
Thanks for being a champion for the environment and the people who depend on it
Thank you for standing with the environment.
Thank you Senator. We need someone to lead the transition to a clean air, water, and energy future.
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
THANK YOU my dear Senator for putting the people of our state first rather than corporations. We need the EPA strong.
@SierraClub @EPA Thank you! 
Thank you senator Durbin. No to Betsy bought n paid for it, as well!
Who are you trying to kid? I bet if we look into your donors we fill find BIG OIL in you pocket.
thank you!
Thank you for protecting our environment and our future by supporting the EPA's important mission #noToPruitt
Thank you!
Thank you Senator!!
THANK YOU for your "no" vote! Pruitt would be a disaster.

Thank you!
@foodandwater @EPA  Thank you sir for putting the country and our future first
.@SenatorDurbin @EPA Thank you Senator! Wildly unfit doesn't begin to describe Pruitt in regard to EPA leadership. #epa
Yes! The EPA must be protected so they can protect us from the likes of Scott Pruitt!
Thank you. Senator. Also, I applaud the DeVos filibuster!
>@SenatorDurbin What is your stand on #Fracking  #KeepItInTheGround ?
@MarcyLauer1 @EPA
Thank you.
THANK YOU!
Thank you!
thank you Senator. Remind your colleagues that we can't breathe or drink money
Figures you guys are obstructionists. You're party seems to be domestic terrorists and should be defeated militarily.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
Just admit you're going to oppose all Trumps picks just because that's the kind of obstructionist you are.
Isnt there a way to protect the enviroment and still create jobs. That person would get my vote.
you go, girl.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin
I will vote against nomination of Scott Pruitt to lead @EPA. EPA has to protect people, not the oil industry 
Thank you!
thank you. please don't allow them to get rid of @EPA entirely.
Thank you, but he may be out of a job. https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/861 …
thank you!!!
yes excellent keep it up Durbs
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
2600 us counties versus 500 say your wrong
thank you!
Thank you!
didn't the national Sierra Club go bankrupt???
how many trees cut and greenhouse gases generated for all their signs and transportation
why not just ban the purchasing of gasoline in amounts greater than 16 oz?!?  It worked for fata$$ NewYorkers
Thank you, Senator Durbin.
Great! Vote against DeVoss too, please!
please use your influence with your  Republican colleagues to not confirm Pruitt.
All we have to do to appreciate EPA is watch newscasts from China with every1 wearing masks!
Thank you!
Thank you!, Sen. Durbin
Thank you, Senator Durbin! We need leaders committed to protecting this planet for our children.
THANK YOU. The damage he would cause would be irreversible
Thank you!
senator you are proving that our faith in your judgement is not misplaced.
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
Thanks again, Senator! So happy to live in THE LAND OF LINCOLN (and Durbin. And Duckworth)
thank you!
thank you Senator Durbin
.@SenatorDurbin Thank you! Please also oppose repeal of methane BLM rule. Protect our health & environment!
Thank you for #standingwithscience and protecting our environment. Please support our national parks as well!
thank you!!
Way to go! #resist
Thank you, Sen. Durbin for standing up for the health of our children. Please work across the aisle to garner support.
Thank you for standing strong for our environment.
thank you @SenatorDurbin
thank you for protecting the environment!!
thank you!
Thank you. Please continue to fight for our environment.
Thank you!!
Thank you, Senator!
thank you for  protecting us
