Why should other nations trust America's word in the future? Dismissing diplomacy means potentially putting our servicemembers in harm's way
Trump is a con man who has NO idea of what he’s doing. None. Clueless and ignorant.
Also Stupid and Dangerous
Let me be clear Obama Iran Deal was one of the DUMBEST deals ever made because it went against America's interests.  Sometimes I think Dems would allow pedophiles to babysit their children
Look into reasons that Russia might want this decertified. Then you will know why Trump has done this.
WE NEED A HERO. WHO IS GOING TO HELP US. HE MUST GO, BEFORE WE ARE ALL DESTROYED
@realDonaldTrump only cares about himself, not the country.
Apparently, his marching orders come from elsewhere. Russia, maybe. Grand plan.
Senator, CAN Congress STOP this President from continuing to threaten international agreements and pull out of international organizations?
Agreed. This rash action undermines American security.
The American people don't want an Iran deal, 400 million in cash was enough. We want the truth!
So stop him, it's your job!
If its against your INTEREST it is GREAT for USA
#25thAmemdment  tRump’s plan:  divert, destabilize, decertify, deny.
Obama's overreach continues to cause problems for you.
Why can’t u stop this nonsense Senator?  Why aren’t Dems Screaming at the top of their lungs?  GOP would burn everything if Dems did it
Ay least it dont go against the constitution and our laws senator.
Haha Senator Dick
Then #ImpeachTrumpNow!! I can’t believe that there isn’t enough evidence! How could a simple blow job get a quicker reaction than treason??
You are a traitor.. How does giving Iran 1.5 Billion dollars in cash, to fund their murder of Americans and Jews, go against our interests?
sdd!-rightnowurcloudy!-potus
decertifyirandeal-INAMERICA'S
BESTINTERESTS-potus&secdef
agree-takeslow-waytogo-iran
mustshow-soweknow-orNO-GO!
You are in Congress. Only Congress can stop this madman Trump. No one in DC is listening to we the people who have no power. #ImpeachTrump
At what point do we recognize him to be a clear & present danger to US? On multi levels & channels? Amdt 25/4, impeach?
You are the threat to America Democrats cheated and still lost we could have had a decent man for president but you Republicans cheated
You serve the people of America not Iran! You know yourself that Iran is getting Nukes deal or no deal! Unabated access is only guarantee!
But is it in putin's interest?

#IllegitimatePresident
#PutinsBride
Senate needs to stop him
His entire agenda is to undo anything with an Obama signature. That’s the sign of a sick man.
@POTUS doing something that makes no sense and shows total incompetence! I wish I could say I was surprised!
When r u spineless boobs going to start standing up to him? Best way to meat a bully is to punch him in the damn nose!
I don't get it.  Deal was working.  Iran is  not lobbing missiles toward Guam. Now we have ceded the high ground.  #IRANDeal
Another success: most tone deaf POTUS ever. Doesn't even listen to his own cabinet choices.
Wrong dicky! Obama's decision to pay Iran up front was quite possibly the stupidest decision ever by a president.
It was never constitutional the bogus deal did with Iran.  Any deal with Iran is dangerous, WHEN HAVE THEY EVER KEPT A SIGNED DEAL?  NEVER
And where is your impassioned speech from the Senate floor?
So what can be done about it? Nothing is usually the answer since it has now become apparent that the Exec branch holds all of the power.
@POTUS  jealous of SOS because Tillerson a successful businessman with no bankruptcies.
Let's all be clear: @POTUS sent it to Congress as he should so that YOU are on record for or against. #accountable
Further, he did not "tear up" the unconstitutional agreement.  He simply has put it in Congresspeople's laps to debate and examine for 60
POTUS shoots himself thinking he was shooting the President of Virgin Island . Funeral tomorrow EST
Dear S. DD, Trump is not interested in what is in the national interest. Indeed, the contrary is true. Need more evidence? Wait. Bombs away.
Why should anyone trust u or Obama or Dems? Liars
Stop. Deal shouldn't have been made in the first place
Iran and YOU are against American Interests!!
25th amendment
You wish.
you are then against Israel. You are against American  Interests. You are for Iran cause  Obama administration was.
Maybe the president should go around to all these terrorist funding country’s and apologize to them!! Oh wait the last president already did
Shouldn’t the Iran deal have to be ratified by the Senate?  Or we don’t do that anymore
Your lack of understanding of threat from #Iran & shortcomings with #JCPOA is what everyone agrees on. #IranDealisaBadDeal #AmericaFirst
And the Democrats keep putting ignoring the fact they didn’t push for an actual legally binding treaty ratified for the senate. This country
Is founded on the president negotiating treaties and then the Senate ratifying them, not presidents making agreements and then expecting
Future presidents to enforce an agreement that is only good for as long as someone is president
Only good for his personal ego. Out of Spite to Obama. Americans are screwed
Voting you out of Illinois next election. Your full of it about your lies. Done with you.
Then why did YOU @DickDurbin vote to INCREASE the unaccountable #MilitaryBudget? NO MORE WAR! Here’s the pathetic vote tally! Shame on DEMS!
We say you do not know what your talking about.
I suppose you loved the Iran deal?
Stop tweeting and START DOING SOMETHING BEFORE IT’S TOO LATE.
We need ACTION not TWEETS
Let me be clear, you are not wanted as my Senator. #GoAway
we better not have another N Korea on our hands because you and your buddy's set on your ass and do nothing just kick it down the road and let our Great Grandkids deal with it
Yet, he continues to be spiteful and go against advice and Congress and Senate enable him. There's the crime!
You should DEMAND Congress begin impeachment hearings immediately!
 #ImpeachTrump !

@SenFranken @lisamurkowski @SenWarren @NancyPelosi @CNN
Maybe you senators can get off your butt and do something all the president did was put in your hands now you own it MAGA
Maybe you should run for president in 2020 Senator Durbin but until then please let President Trump do his job
He is intent on a war to deflect from his impeachable offenses.
We are all victim's of Putin's playbook.
SHUT
UP
AND
DO
SOMETHING
ABOUT 
THIS
OUTRAGEOUS
MAN
@POTUS still thinks he's on the Apprentice, trying to add a little intrigue to the script. 
Politicians like you are the reason that they have nukes in the first place
Congress must eliminate @potus certification requirement. And not pasws sanctions against Iran for 60 days. Then we cool, no?
He has a vendetta against Obama and it started when he went after him on his birth certificate. #25thAmendment
The stolen one or the counterfeit one?
Senator Durbin is can nothing be done to stop him?
Let me be clear. Bad deal for USA.
Pardon me sir for being so blunt. What are you personally doing to help #Impeach45? Please file in accordance to the #25thAmendment .Thank u
It’s ok to be blunt! @SenatorDurbin voted w/most DEMs (& R’s of course) to INCREASE military spending by $80BILLION! Eighty BILLION!!
Let's be clear.  POTUS decision to decertify Iran Deal ..& his decision to rip ACA though Congress voted 1x for it.. & 3x against repeal...makes Trump self proclaimed King.  Logically then, IMHO, He WILL fire #Mueller. (Photo Credit: Salon/Flora Thevoux),
Maybe if you provided real evidence, rather than complains, we may be able to take you seriously. Tell us WHY its bad. Ur opinion isn't enuf
What the new plan? There isn't one  !!!
It's not about Iran. It's about removing Obama's name from anything he did. Iran Deal, ACA, etc.
No correction required!!! Move on.
Coming from a political hack
When interests overlap for Sen. Dick Durbin, lobbyist wife
How about what the people feel. Why don't you just shut up and crawl back into your shell. We're not your pee ons anymore.
But his ignorant base is sure fired up! #ItsAPageant
It snow in St. Peterburg yet?
Is an insult from someone who can't type truly an insult? #ThatsaLotofSpaces
Chuck Schumer voted against it dickie. Ask him why?
Thank you Senator. Keep fighting. Signed , former republican from Illinois
Same here. I'm with you on that.
tRUMP wants WAR.
Don’t fool yourself, @TheDemocrats are with the GOP when it comes to justify fake wars so we keep giving military their UNACCOUNTABLE budget
Does the @GOP? THEY ALSO COULD SAY SOMETHING!
Time to end Iran deal..it's a pathway to another NoKo..stop kicking can down the road...BAD DEAL!
Time to end Putin-paid Kremlin-Kooks from pretending to be Americans on Twitter.
Your wrong! It is about our national interest. We shouldn't be putting resources to something they aren't going to care about.
I hope this state wakes up and doesn't keep you in office. Yu don't represent my perspective on most of your comments.
I beg to differ. The Iran deal is likely to go down in history as one of America’s worst deals ever.  And the huge cash payoff is disgusting
Um, you must be a Republican. That 'payoff' was IRAN'S MONEY HELD BY THE U.S. Why is this so hard for RWers to understand?? It's not a secret!
That’s just part of the story:
Regardless, the $400M + $1.7B in interest was a settlement between U.S. and Iran. President Obama saved us from having to pay $10B, but it doesn't take away from the fact that it WAS IRAN'S MONEY.
It’s a huge mistake 2 make a “deal” with the largest state sponsor of terror. And, this “deal” isn’t enforceable:
That's a matter of opinion. But fact remains, we were discussing your wrongly asserted claim that the $4000M was a 'cash payoff'. It wasn't.

