BREAKING: Trump says Russia, Iran, North Korea sanctions bill remains 'seriously flawed,' hinders his ability to negotiate.
This is how a dictator talks. He just told congress and the rest of us that "he" is the "power" in this country.
Proof that he's never even looked at the Constitution. Because it says in HUGE letters at the beginning of the document who has the power.
"Hindering his ability to negotiate" is exactly why the bill was written. Trump continues to choose Russia over America & CANNOT be trusted
In the 2nd draft of his statement today(the one without the whiney coda about how rich he is)you can already see him probing for holes.
Donnie's problem is he doesn't understand the difference between a bill and a law. It's law now so Congress has the oversight.
He doesn't want to discourage Russia from doing it again.
correct!
At the very least, 45 is unAmerican.
We know! Protect Mueller, and help speed the process of getting rid of the criminals in the WH.
That could be why Trump's approval rating has fallen to 33% 
Well, he is seriously flawed.
Is this not treason? I thought he swore allegiance to the USA. WHAT THE HELL IS UP.
Only one answer; what I've been saying for months...

#thisiswhatitlookslikewhenfascismbegins
And he's shown to be such a negotiator. Trump couldn't negotiate himself out of a wet paper bag
Impeachment is an act of patriotism.
I don't care if it's the third act of Henry V, Trump's gotta GO!

Russia calls you impotent. Congress deems you irrelevant. Prosecutor impanels Grand Jury. DT,have a fun vacation.
Acting like the traitor he is!
With the numerous critical issues presently burdening Illinois, one would think @SenatorDurbin could at least pretend it matters to him
There was no one left to anger.  He's made all countries distant themselves from us and the only ones left was piss off congress.
He needs to be impeached ASAP!
Him negotiating is how we got in this mess.
"Negotiate" LOL. He means getting on his modern day presidential knees & begging like a dog!  #MAGA #TrumpRussia
It's come out that Putin has spied on many countries- For starters Sweden, UK, etc. You're just tending to the symptom not the disease.
Trump keeps showing us his first allegiance is to Putin, so why is it taking so long for us to believe him?

Senator Durbin is lower than pond scum.
It's incredible! Never seen anything like this.
The Dummy in Chief!!!!
POTUS is seriously flawed!
Boggles the mind.

Money or fear making him lick Putin's boots?  He sure can't stand up to him.
What is he afraid of? What is he hiding?
Hinders him from bullsh*tting and putting many in further harms way.
I guesd this means he won't be able to trade Alaska for Russian hacked voting machines now. Hurt his feelings...
@Donald, in what way?
Please correct me if I'm wrong, but normally the POTUS doesn't personally negotiate anything, does he? Staff people do that. He just signs.
Same difference
Since when USA choice to have a traitor for POTUS? His own words tell us he is a straight up traitor. No fake news.
But didn't @KellyannePolls brag on TV about how hard trump worked on these sanctions with Congress???? 
Stupid Durbin still on Russia wtf !?! Wanna review the Chicago murder rate with us ?  Didn't thinkbdo
The dots connect day by day each time his defense of Putin increasingly demonstrates his loyalty to him, not to US. So why is he still Prez?
Right?!? So distorted & twisted. Diff 2believe Ppl still hv his back 2lead our Country. If not stopped, we'll all falter!
Senator, how come Republicans care more about appeasing Trump than they do about the democracy of our nation? I ask this as a former Repub.
Honestly, the only reasoning that I can see is because they are involved as well.
There is no proof whatsoever of Russian involvement in our election.  Just Democratic incompetence and corruption.
and Republicans fall in line.
You can certainly tell who he represents.
It's crystal clear
But what are you going to do about him? He is clearly not acting in the interest of the nation and your OWN voters; how do you get them back
What are your Republican colleagues going to do about it? Please encourage them to find their love of country. They've failed so far.
When will congress wake up and realize there is a traitor in the hen house
Trump is the enemy and Putin's puppet. Dems need to call for his impeachment.
Exactly. Not how ANY respectable American would or could react. @realDonaldTrump is a fraud, a hack, and a product of Russian taint.
So much for America first. He cut us down to Mexico's president, too. Putting Puddin' before your own Congress? #shameonyou
@SenatorDurbin please guide the house to have him impeached and removed from office
Treason: giving aid and comfort to the enemy during war. We're nearly in another Cold War with Russia, so does this count? #BenedictDonald
We need a tougher Congress.
If NK nuked LA, he would blame LA for situating itself on the west coast.
The bible says your heart is where you keep your treasure. DJT's heart belongs to Putin
Bassakwards as they say.
Time to act Senator. We are at "high crimes and misdemeanors" House and Senate must act now to Impeach and end this national nightmare.
He cant nogotiate his way out of a wet paper bag
#LockThemAllUp
He's taken a side, and it's Russia.
POS
He's got to go. What is the @GOP waiting for!!!!!
Top pols have thrown a wrench in T&T's oil/gas deals with P's kleptocracy.
Negotiate with an enemy of the state who did and will continue to meddle in our democracy?? He's a madman..
Are sanctions on Iran going to sink our deal with them? Or is it already dead?
@realDonaldTrump @SteveKBannon  the people are really beginning to ask, who you actually work for, is it Putin or the American people MAGA?
Not only cyber, a psyops attack. Undermining critical thinking, using propaganda, spreading confusion: this is the new warfare. GOP aiding!

@mehalamaye @POTUS because then he can blame Congress for... Wag The Dog - Narativ
#ImpeachTrumpNow
#25thAmendmentNow 
what are you goofs waiting for?!
"Tired of WINNING"
I seriously doubt Trump used the word "hinders"...I mean, c'mon. "It makes me look like a dope!"...much more his speed.
If tRump was serious abt negotiating w/RU he wouldn't keep going on vacation. @POTUS pay back the money you owe Russia and be a USpresident
Well Trump is seriously flawed as millions have seen. Trump belongs in a straight jacket
He can't negotiate.... only threaten and intimidate.
"Negotiate?" When does THAT start?
Trump couldn"t negotiate his way out of a paper bag.  HE IS A LOSER AND THE WORST NEGOTIATOR.  He does LIE very well.
"Just pull my strings,I'll do anything,I'm Kremlin's PUPPET.....REAL MEDIA COVERED THIS POS 24/7 NEVER HOLDING HIM ACCOUNTABLE I BLAME YOU!
Negoti with oth countries He 's such a scatterbrain/was allover the place with healthcare How in the heck is he abl to negoti w/othr cntry
Obama's  word hey knock  it  off. Wow that's telling russia
You should  be  talking  to Obama.
Lordy!!!
So when can we expect impeachment?  Congress needs to do their jobs and rid us of this traitor
Seriously! Isn't there something y'all can ban together and do. Mueller is taking way too long for me! Trump has to be removed frm the WH
Did somebody read it to him because I doubt that he read the entire thing himself unless they started including pict-to-grams on legislation

Sanctions, if stood behind and worked correctly, should bring the sanctioned ones to the bargaining table you goof @realDonaldTrump
We too are perplexes and fed up
When the crooked, messed up Illinois politicians are making sense, we are all doomed.
Durbin ain't bad!!
Fair. I take it back. IL has come a long way
Yeah! Also #FreeBlago
Please. What hinders Trump's ability to negotiate is Trump.
Gee whiz, I wonder why??? He's not colluding or anything, he'd never ~ he said so 
He has proven he can neither lead, plan or negotiate.
Capone's regime crumbled through tax evasion enforcement... Proves any reason is good enough to uproot a quasi-dictator.
IT IS TIME FOR OUR CONGRESSIONAL LEADERS TO BE VERY CONCERNED AND STATE THE OBVIOUS.  DONALD TRUMP IS A RUSSIAN ASSET IN OUR WHITE HOUSE.
Then why aren't you DOING SOMETHING about it?!?
Sen Durbin, pls read up on Seymour Hersh's latest revelation: Russia hysteria is Fake & u look foolish parroting deception, ppl r not buying
Then file articles of impeachment.
Trump has shown no ability to negotiate. Worsened relations with China, S Korea, England, France, Australia, Germany, Russia and others
Lousy communist
Bet you wish you could vote on his #Impeachment, huh?  Come on @HouseGOP get with it!
Once again trump is correct.
Trump is a stooge supported by the uninformed and the alt right.He can't be trusted to do what's right and fair.Congress needs to neuter him
Trump really means the law keeps him from acquiescing Putin to stealing Crimea, attacking Ukraine, Syrian war crimes & hacking US election.

Cray. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPutin #IMPOTUS

Stop bickering and get something done. You sound like a child.
Why is he still President? Impeachment on Clinton was initiated on less. #ImpeachTrump We need a new election. Cheaters forfeit the prize
He is a traitor, when will our Republican Senators save us from him?

still waiting for proof of russian hack.
Then goes on vacation
It is extremely obvious where his priorities lie.What have we become when Russia takes priority over the US.Congress must act to change this
Says it all  #RESIST 

No one will change this man he is just an idiot
Yeah .. what he doesn't understand is we don't want him to "negotiate" life and death "deals" about situations he doesn't understand.
Speaks volumes from him. you could smell this 2 years ago when he teed things up with "Would it be so bad to be friends w Russia?"
Trump is between a rock and a hard place with the Sanctions Bill. Piss off Putin or arouse American sentiment against Russia?
I guess he really is that stupid go ahead and fight with Congress you will end up the loser just like you've been losing losing losing
Takes away his power to profit off presidency with Russian oligarchs and makes him look weak. That's all he cares about, $ and power.
We get it @potus is a dirty limp d!ck, who opens wide for Putin.
Sanctions, yes, his authority, no. Giving up his authority was the flaw,  not the sanctions. Can you really not see that? What would you do?
When are the Rs going to speak out about the unending Russian excuses.    It ALL cannot be coincidence.
....why wouldn't he trash anyone / anything other than Putin? The mysterious trend continues.
Shush, no one is listening to you trump, only the smart people are covering their ears when you speak, no one believes a word that you say.
Why scold someone who helped you and you are counting on in 2020? Come on --you'll are smart people...
Has anyone noticed lately  @realDonaldTrump treats Putin the same way Harry Potter treated Voldemort? You know, afraid to even say his name.
Trump is not going to protect our country- he has no interest in protecting anyone but himself or his corrupt family.

I was just wondering if a cyber attack was an act of war and was going look it up and saw this. I'm taking it from Sen. Durbin, it is.
Trump is a SHMUCK!
Congress needs to act to rid this fine country of everything @realDonaldTrump.
But you passed it, both parties working together. Bravo! The Senate has the power to provide America the leadership it needs.
Scarier and scarier every day. How long before our country has been destroyed?
Trump has never said anything bad about Putin. Kompromat
Mm,I wonder why? #Collusion
Trump continues 2support his loyalty 2Russia vs USA & his little dog Tilly 2. Its "red" flag & Congress needs 2wake up &smell the vodka ASAP
Ability to negotiate?? Chump?? I don't think so..."naughty Congress, picking on my mates again...". boo-hoo 
YOU are a communist @realDonaldTrump & YOU are going to PRISON! #collusion #corruption #treason #fraud #obstruction
Yea.  Russia.  I can bet $ he owes $ to Russia.  His taxes are the answer.
And the rest of the GOP have nothing to say about this.
@POTUS is trying to separate the White House from congress. Remove politicians. Don't allow him to do this. He's playing you guys!
You removed his flexibility. Seems to me O had too much so maybe that is where you got the idea to restrict them. Bad acts
Our country is under attack by a single person, our very own President!  He is ruining the hope, the freedom this country use to represent.
Trump: Russia's agent
well, he LOVES Vlad, he barely tolerates Congress
Please impeach this SAD and useless excuse of a president before this gets worse
The world is UPSIDE DOWN!
Cracks me up. It can't hinder your ability to negotiate because you already proved you just trip over your own shoes POTUS
Make the democrats happy trump, declare war on Russia
That's what they really want
Isn't that Tillerson's  job?   Tillerson's  verbal support, was to placate you and avoid drama, in order to do his job.  Butt out 45.
only thing he's negotiating for is that big oil deal for himself Tillerson & Exxon Mobil
@SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr think this is a joke. They commented on every little thing Obama did but politely enable Trump's embarrassments
Senator, PLEASE get him the hell out of here already!
Because CLEARLY The Kremlin and Putin have some shit on our fascist wanna be president. Pee tapes? -maybe Bank Debt? -most likely. Insane.
And still no condemnation to Putin for hacking. Trumps ploy is so transparent at this point, he's not even trying.
Which is why Congress needed to childproof the bill first
Question GOP ACEPTS A TRASH PUPET SOILING PPL HOUSE. TRUMP HOT ON RUSIA. USA WILL APLAUD U VACATING OUR HOUSE.SAGE THE WH clean FUMIGATE
They should let me into the NSA and let me take control of the terminal.
If his negotiating means scolding them on Twitter, sanctions won’t hurt him.
He can kill a million of us with his health bill...but congress is too tuff on Russia!
Tillerson (Exxon) & Putin thought that by putting Trump in the WH would lift sanctions so as to get Siberian oil - 1Trillion$ worth! Follow$
Work on real issues instead. Let's try diplomacy for a change and stop feeding the war machine. Focus on your constituents.
He must be hiding something very serious and damaging to himself, family andTrump associates. And jail time is on the horizon
Instead of Republican Lawmakers FINALLY standing up to Trump. They silently enable the WH insanity to continue.
GOP uses distractions of Trump to plunder the US.  He's just a rubber stamp for Ryan and McConnell.
And @GOP continue to lick 45's boots. They'll all have a turn being under the bus from his twitter rage. #Beyondstupid
Hinders his ability to make $$$?
you cannot hinder a skill that does not exist.
He needs to resign! He is a disgrace to this country!
Democrats love to give gifts to Russia, like, Uranium!
Why don't you read about what actually happened with uranium one. Instead of Trumps false statement
Tells you all you need to know
Durbin's opinion will be repealed and replaces will all other RINO's and the entire Democratic Party in 2018!
When does @VP invoke 25th or Senate pursue impeachment? He will cause WW III

EXCLUSIVE: Border Patrol ordered to block members of Congress during travel ban http://thebea.st/2vr5z1E  
& still no comment from the US President on Putin letting go of the 700 US  Diplomats
Durbin at least he's not your buddy Obummer. If anyone interfered in foreign elections it was him.
Democrats sold Uranium to Russia. You all are DOA!
First bill trump signs is a sanctions bill against our enemies and his saviors, takes away his ability to treason more. And he has the sads
Mad genius, Lex Luther like and not a one of us recognizes it.
Seems hard to believe, doesn't it? This is reality now.
With Putin?
@scott_springer @POTUS it inhibits his ability to take a shit
Cyber act of war? Put the crack pipe down fool. Hey the DNC and Hillary cheated, theyre corrupt, let's go to war! Fool.
Trump even called his boss before signing the sanctions bill into law. What a toad!
Negotiate? What a crock of BS. Guy probably can't even spell it let alone put it in action.
This is what I mean, he doesn't reprimand Russia but insults the Congress. Unbelievable! He actually thinks that Putin is his friend!
I really think Trump should resign and move to Russia. We don't need his type of policies in America. He is not MAGA.
