why can't both be right? Get Chi the funding & turn over detained alien criminals. Doesnt sound like AG is asking ChiPD 2 witchhunt illegals
cuz Sessions = bad racist
http://wapo.st/2g3hdIM?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.308524ae238a …
and immigrants = good
If the AG wants them to actively seek aliens then forget it. But if he just wants them to turn over captured illegal criminals, then fine.

If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
Hes asking for a phone call to #ICE.  Thought we were all on the same team.
Thank you, Senator, for at least trying to get an answer out of this stuttering buffoon. Police aren't ICE. AG's misdirection solves nothing
Your correct #ChicagoPD  to dumb to pickup the phone before a crimmial is released
Brockton Ma. 8 yrs. & not 1 shooting arrest credited to ShotSpotter. We can credit crime to illegals & Dem.'s who protect them over us.
https://youtu.be/g-6H9OR2fCM  Muslims no go ZONES in America
We haven't been to Chicago for years. Southern And Central Illinois are afraid. I guess we just move
Sorry but your city is breaking the Federal Law.  Sad that you are putting illegals above citizens.
Sessions is a criminal.  Protect your citizens.
Sessions really laid a beating on you in the hearing today, are you okay?  Embarrassing that you were bested by such a poor witted fellow.
Oh so glad you're concerned about Chicago police.  What have you and Rahman done regarding Chgo murders.. during obama 8 years. Shut up
It's Funny how "Slick Dick" thinks liberals can pick which laws to enforce and which to ignore.
Nobody is asking local police to become a federal deportation force.   This isn’t true and you know it.
AG Sessions is trying to get #Chicago to follow the law in a lawless city #deportations is a small, part if that #wakeup  Dick
Middle classR suffering..income inquality, student loans..just 2name few..yet u spent ur time complaining& defending illigals on our dime!!
How dare you use the murder rate in Chicago as justification for fed funds cut because politicians refuse to carry out their sworn duties.
Democrat Senators/Congressmen/Reps who condone breaking USA Laws to push their agenda with ILLEGAL Immigrants are a DISGRACE!
Follow the law have you forgotten that?  not difficult to do the right thing sorry to see your voter's deported law enforcement enforce law
If only US citizens can vote, whyDems R zooming on illigals on our dime? Is it possible illigals Ralready voting&Dems R benefiting from it?
Chicago is a war zone. What is Dick Durbin doing about it?   That’s what I thought, nothing.
You’ve had 30 years to get that funding.
Awwww, the government is requiring you to follow the law.. Poor baby.
Two words:  hell no!
U took oath of office2 defend theConsitution &2enforce laws of the land. Instead of focusing on illigals, make our kids dream2come true 1st.
I heard him say he wanted KNOWN CRIMINALS turned over to the Feds.  Believe that is the way the law works. The problem with that is?
deport them all
No sir he’s forcing all LAW enforcement agencies to follow the law! You would never know. Oh yeah now all of sudden you care about Chicago?
Good
Senator ,if your not interested in the law how about some old fashion middle ground why All or nothing at all attitude you’ve had time solve
Where was Holden and Obama? You got to be kidding! I mean is either that or you think Americans are stupid.
Printz v. US 1997, regarding Federal Funding.. he cannot withhold funding  for policing because they will not act as a deportation force
They should stop paying the federal union dues. And just distribute their own funds to the city.
Good they should obey the law. The rest of U.S. will be jailed for breaking http://laws.You  protect illegals you pay the price.
Despicable white supremacist
It’s always a treat to see a Senator or member of Congress act as if the Constitution only applies when it meets their own personal agenda
No Mayor Rahm "Jar Jar Binks" decided that Illegal immigrants were more important than Citizens and law enforcement
Do you have that many illegals in Chicago?
Drain the swamp these fools keep the poor down step on their backs for profit and NEVER give inner city kids the chances they deserve
So you take your front doors off and move to a place REGULAR people live and see how long until your understanding of SANCTUARY City changes
You are a liar, you are only being asked to follow the Fed. Law. Eddie Johnson hasn't
had a thought since he was born.
No Dirty Dick-Chosing between following federal law and not. Sanctuary cities can fund their own law enforcement if they don't conform.
He's trying to save innocent lives. No one else is including YOU! Do your job! You'd rather be political than help.
Have you not heard about the illegal shootings illegal people in Chicago? I have it’s horrible
Chicago needs the feds help in getting rid of the illegal criminals in Chicago who are shooting it up.
Such BS
Keep up the good work, Senator! Chicago has your back!
You tell him Senator. Stand your ground.
#NeverTrumpHillaryism! #NeverNeoLiberalNeoCons @SenatorDurbin #GunControl v Obama supports SCOTUS reversal of GunBan
Thought u took an oath 2 uphold the Constitution. Guess u and the rest of the Dems had your fingers crossed! What does illegal mean to you?
You mean follow the law.
This  little racist man is a disgrace to America democrats try hard to block him but republicans are all corrupt
Then he should also include Detroit, DC & all wt people, since  #’s show Wt on Wt kill more than Blk on Blk or Brwn on Brwn.
#AmericaBythe#s
Not as a percentage of the population. Try again.
And once again you're lying
Stand by the law Sessions! It's America's laws that keep us Safe
It is? Ask those in Vegas if they feel the same
Yes it is, there are evil people. They will kill with whatever is accessible, guns, cars, knives, even pressure cookers!
HOW DARE YOU...defend illegals , NOT obey the laws!  Did you ever ask "your" citizens if they want this?  NO ONE DOES!  Chicago a  Cesspool!
Why does he get to enforce anything? He is a perjurer.
Thank you for all that you do to protect Chicago, the State of IL and this country.  I was proud to call you my senator today (and always)!
RIP HIM SENATOR!!!!!!
Sessions owned you 
ALL he asked was when you have an Illegal Arrested in jail you give ICE a simple Phone call 
and you threw a Hissy Fit 
Watching you compare 2000/780000 DACA recipients VS attempted gun purchases was a thing of BEAUTY. Well done!
Communist Politicians only address crime when attacking our 2A Rights Orwhen they want 2ensure taxpayer money keeps funding their activities
Ridiculous logic from that tiny little man.
If a person is here ILLEGALLY, they ALREADY broke the law! If arrested due to ANOTHER CRIME, POLICE NEED to hold them for ICE
Dick take care of the men and women in Blue that protect you!
Dick law enforcement first!
You don't follow federal laws you don't get federal funding, how hard is it to understand!!
That is nothing but a lie! All the representatives in Chicago have done nothing but cry. Do your damn job!! Chicago needs new leadership!!!
stand your ground Chicago. make the govt as. up the Dr if problem
AG Sessions is correct. Follow the law or NO FUNDS!
there is no reason you can’t pick up the phone and say come get this person. Durbin should be ashamed of himself #swamprat
That is UNFAIR
Thanks for defending Chicago today! You are a true patriot!
Senator the ag asking you if your police arrest an illegal fir a crime would u like them out back in the st 4 more crimes ?
It's about time our government  started doing it's job! Since you and your cohorts won't do your job. None of our ex-presidents ever did!
You took oath to uphold the laws of USA. But those who make laws choose the ones they want to enforce! It's time to enforce them all.
Now White House wants laws enforced and you want to thumb your nose at them. Discriminatory behavior if you ask me. Talk about INJUSTICE!!
Oh Shut it and follow our laws. Corrupt Politicians like yourself should be imprisoned for all illegal alien criminal activity.
He is forcing them to follow the law.  Probaly  a law you helped craft.
Chicago is a shit hole ... just saying

And they doing such a terrific job at law enforcement.  Senator you been smoking again ?
How about just enforce the laws try that for a change today there’s a new concept. Something Democrats refused to do
You might want to talk to the combative mayor of Chicago causing all of these issues not AG sessions
Not federal deportation force. Just call the feds, they will come pick them up.
What part of ILLEGAL don’t you understand
What part of UNDOCUMENTED don’t YOU understand? Chicago is a no-Trump zone.
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT
Please spare us the grandstanding. Cities UNWILLING to support the enforcement of Fed law should lose ALL Fed grant funding...period
Having your jails turn over illegal alien criminals to ICE may lower the crime rate in your Third-World city but your Dem agenda won't let u
Actually those committing crimes are Americans, and New Orleans has a larger killing than Chicago
Sessions is in contempt by not answering questions re Russia. Charge him. He sure as hell wldnt hesitate to charge you
@TheDemocrats @DNC controlled cities have highest crime & poverty rates yet let's blame @POTUS Trump
#MAGA #Chicago #Baltimore #Detroit #NYC
BS!
Or maybe he is trying to get local police to do Fed's job for them
this guy should be fired
Isn't enforcing the law policing?
He is doing the right thing. Those cities are wrong to keep the illegal immigrants who have or do commit crimes.
Look at the whiny crybaby Durbin having a fit because his state doesnt follow laws... im laughing
Ya tough call.. enforce the laws Congress has written or lose federal funding.. no brainer dick..
It's stupid that we have to enforce laws.
F O L L O W   T H E  L A W !
Law suits on the way. This is illegal
As once again, small minded Sessions hasn’t a clue how to help solve the problem.  Rather bully like POTUS.  Need solutions to Gun Vio now!
What's solution do you suggest ? Confiscation ?
Your city has been a crime filled drug and murder city for years, Y R U so concerned now, it is your city, clean it up, UR getting voted out
Oh for Gawd Sake - can't you stand for Americans once and obey the immigration laws? Move your sorry self to Saudi Arabia.
Could you please do your job and stop helping criminals that are here illegally? It sure would be nice! We are paying you
So, if Chicago doesn't agree to do ICE's job for them, then Sessions will allow more innocent people to die! This is basically blackmail!
And racism
How is there criticism funding at risk when it clearly isn't being used to police? Look at the murder rates!
How about enforcing law, that's job of all law enforcement officers. Durbin acts like he was elected to represent Mexicans, not Americans.
So there are laws that you do not want enforced.
Sessions totally ignored your concern...Thank you Senator Durban for speaking truth to power and the world
Concern????  How about legal citizens not wanting this!! We don't have a say?   That's the law.... to be followed.  Period.
This must not happen. What can we do to help?
I think he is asking us to obey the law. Something the murder capitol has no idea how to do.
Actually the murder Capital is New Orleans
That's a BS Mischaracterization. This will be your last term.
NO, Chicago is forcing its citizens to LOSE funding to HARBOR & PROTECT ILLEGAL ALIENS. That is TWO separate ISSUES YOU FAIL TO ACCEPT.
Why enforce the laws right, any laws.
I know this will be difficult for you to grasp Senator; but the Attorney General is simply asking for you and @TheDemocrats to obey the law.
Do you live in Chicago? Who better to know what Chicago needs then @SenatorDurbin ? Sessions is playing for an audience of one...
You don't have to live in Chicago to see that democrats have let it spiral out of control and then cry they need money!! Follow the law!!
FOLLOW THE DAMN LAWS OF THE LAND. DON'T LIKE THE LAWS THEN CHANGE THEM. UNTIL THEN FOLLOW THEM..THAT EASY DICKIE
Thank you mr Durbin for representing the people of Illinois!!!! From a fellow Illinoisan!!
You won't be saying that when someone you love is hurt by these criminals!!
so, federal gov't should stay out of the states issues, except when the sessions/trump crooks say otherwise.
Illegal immigration IS a federal issue.
Local law enforcement aren’t the ones making the decision but if you asked them, they’d tell you they wld enforce the laws of the land
Health & moral of police. Sessions is profiling & targeting an innocent population.
Nope
Protecting illegal criminals but locking up black people is racist
The relief with hope. Thank you Senator Durbin.
all Sessions is asking for is a phone call,no extra activities by police.go ahead&be stupid.your choice.
How can the Feds commandeer local law enforcement to be their agents? That can't be Constitutional --can it?
So if a republican city decided they didn't want to enforce a federal law, like gay marriage, you would expects Feds to stay out?
He basically said he's going to hold us hostage unless you cave to his anti-Mexican purge plan--while admitting it has zero to do with crime
So he's purging anti-mexicans? Dick you should be all for this!
We Support You Senator ROS
