It's simple: Individuals who are ‘extremely careless’ w/ classified info should be denied further access to it. http://spkrryan.us/29Cz47v 
Is it true that the senate is proposing taxing health care premiums for employees/employers. HELP!!!
Senator, were you this concerned about hillary clinton and her emails? I haven't seen any comments on that from you. Party matters with you
Since when have you been for this country? If your for it; then im against it. #killtheresistance
So @SpeakerRyan, when will impeachment proceedings begin?? #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
...that @SpeakerRyan was a cowardly tool
Remembering 2016 ... The @GOP chose a candidate who ruined a country because they HATED the Black Guy and REJECTED a Woman ..
#Historical
So true and sad.
Thanks, Senator.  You have it right.
#obstructionofjustice #treason #investmentscam #realestateschoolfraud #sexualassult #Taxevasion #moneylaundering - all by @realDonaldTrump
Interesting. Can you choose country over party? Just once?
It's certainly not a choice that youve made. You continue with your left wing liberal destruction of our country.That why Trump won DUH
if you think this bull crap of making up lies with the media is going to work forget it. It just makes us stronger to fight 4 our country
This isn't anything new. They all contradict themselves when the tables are turned. It's the nature of a politician.
Screw the party.  This is the United States.  Sad that politicians lose site of that.  Break the law, pay the price!!!!
Paul Ryan needs to grow a pair.  Too late for Mitch.  He's hook, line & sinker with POTUS & the Russians, just ask his cabinet wife.
If we're still around to write them...
GOP IS BIGGER THREAT TO OUR COUNTRY THAN ISIS.
You all need to move faster to get Trump impeached!!  Time to shut down the WH, and get to the bottom of this.
The history books will say "The United States of America (1776-2017) was founded as a constitutional republic..."
History will point to the progressives including lil dick as the reason America imploded.
We know which you put first when Hillary Clinton kept 10's/thousands @StateDept docs on her personal unsecured server in her home.
Senator, you should walk back your hypocrisy.
They would show you an in depth history of every failure and success of both situations, and try to be indecisive even though it is a choice
Oh so melodramatic 
History will say that Paul Ryan is a spineless wimp, who is a complicit in sharing IC secrets with Russia.
You are exhibiting reckless behavior by circulating untrue story for your own political benefit.  Shame on you! This is why losing. No trust
Don't sound like Ryan. He jumped on that trump bandwagon. They all did with No regards to what would be best for country.trump is a disaster
Thank you Senator for defending our country.
Republicans what are you waiting for? Trump just gave all of us (including you) the middle finger and is destroying our government/country.
But but hillllarrrryyyyyy!!!! You people crack me up. Withhold consent Senator Durbin. Please.
I think we simply need to write a book that has Tweets next to current actions. The coffee table book of political failures.

Well, this is rich coming from a Democrat after what Obama did with Iran and what HRC did with Benghazi.
"Chapter 45:  Are you SURE you want to read this chapter?"
NO
I can tell history is not going to be kind to the R`s that continue to support a dangerous and incompetent Trump.
No brainer - choice is country! SHAME on #GOP for choosing party! We MUST let them know our disdain 2018! #VoteAOutGOP #UniteBlue #SaveUSA
What will they say about you Senator? #dosomething
Perhaps get your facts straight first, Mr. Senator.
@SenateDems @SpeakerRyan Pay attention to OBOR initiative, its major players & their ties to the Trump's & Kushner's #OBOR
When are we going to connect the dots??? Is it not blatantly obvious yet???
Can we actually do more than just tweet at this point in regards to @realDonaldTrump's blatant treason?
the history books will say that in 2017 america had *the* dumbest president
He will come over last and be saved.
@gop  unfortunately the GOP has shown what they would do.  They do not choose country @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
So.... what are you doing about this besides Tweeting? https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resource/senate-withholding-consent-filibustering/ …
OUR FAMILIES ARE IN DANGER 
IMPEACH IMMEDIATELY 
WE DON'T WANT TO DIE
HELP US
The GOP could care less that our Democracy and constitution is being broken as long as their agenda moves forward. Thanks Senator
I guess I'll have to vote for Trump in 2020 #MAGA  #TrumpTrain
We need an independent investigation in to his ties with Russia! He has made how many impeachable acts? This week???
When will you and the rest of #democrats start putting country first your disgraceful ashamed to be in #Illinois
Durbin choose politics over the national well being for the 8 awful Obama years. Thank God Trump won't be intimidated by thugs like Durbin
Who's the source? Oh "anonymous" or what the rest of the country calls "made up".
You Dumbocrats have chosen party ever since the President was elected
You can't shame the shameless
Trump is a threat to our country and national security!
It should've been a question b4.the 2 party system has ruined this country.we r not a democracy or constitutional republic.
Dick, ur being disrespectful to @POTUS assume anything @WashPostDC is remotely true. Ironically @SenateDems approve  Bradley Manning release
He Dick, your question also pertains to your conduct.  And it seems your prefer party over country.
@Nanbp This is his last chance if no action is taken we will march on Washington and we will not leave till all r gone
Are you kidding me?  Democrats choose "party" every...single...time!!
how rich!  where were u when hillary shredded 33K emails and kept an UNSECURED server in her closet for the whole world to hack?
And yet it was never hacked,  go figure.

Keep heat on; remove this treasonous maniac ASAP.  We fear for country & liberty. Make America sane again #PeopleBeforeParty
I love the world we live in that allows idiot politicians to make a bad situation worse since most people have zero experience handling
Focus as you Donald F'ing Trump.
As usual Democrats jump to 5 alarm fire without a shred of evidence that sharing intelligence puts anything at risk. Russia would be a top
Target given their support of the Syrian regime...
Remind me what you said about Hillary....
How about deciding between duty to the people you represent, and the lobbyists that have funded your family and campaigns?
Sounds like you are worried that you will lose your classification status. What have you leaked? #Leaks
That's very rich @DickDurbin , funny how u didn't feel this way six months ago, you're an embarrassment to the State of Illinois
Dept.of justice can't be trusted,to loyal to Trump.They must be loyal to the Americans,the political parties must come together.
Oh please, you ignored Hillary over and over and over
Hey Durbin, remember when you trashed the Marines by calling Gitmo a Soviet Gulag just to help your party. That's in the history books too
Today marks the day the Great Experiment failed.
Dems always pick their party.
@SpeakerRyan has no legacy neither is a patriot but a corrupted politico demagogue party before country just like a 3rd world con-politico
nothing about this at all, I'm sure. Or a passing reference summarizing the entire administration.
Yes! Hold his feet to the fire!
How awesome would it be if you really meant and lived by that creed, DIck.
Let's see who's blocked all progress of admin? Who's derailed all attempts to fix America? Who professes negative Rhetoric? WOW - DEMOCRATS!
History will show tax cuts are more important to the GOP then country or an American life.
Get em Dick!
From the Dawrs House in Evanston.
What I love, dear sir, is how their words on record is coming back to bite them in the a$$. Best thing ever!
If only someone with credibility would say this.
Lolololol suddenly you care, that's adorable!
Same goes for Obama spying on his political enemies Dick?
...they already do say that Republicans have always been more loyal to their business partners than to their country DuPont, BBH, IBM...
Wow, would've never thought you gave a shit about country. That moment is when the people from Illinois vote you out.
Didn't care about this for last eight years, but suddenly on anon-sourced evidence-free report you care?

#GFY
What more is it going to take to impeach this disgraceful excuse of a man?
You're talking about little Dick Durbin right?
If we do not act soon. History and our grandchildren will judge us harshly. Must thoroughly investigate
Senator, history will probably point out HRC and the private server before you ever decide to vote against a Democrat Party initiative.
Have the post claims been verified?  I'd like to see him gone also but please don't hang your hopes on a news article. You're all so useless
Thank you for continuing to be strong in the face of the insanity of Trump.  Push the GOP to choose country.
Thank you Senator Durbin
They'll say you voted for me to lose my Doctor and lose my plan.
History will say that @GOP ALL COLLUDED 2 WIN & KNEW ABT THE RUSSIAN MONEY INTO THEIR SUPERPACS!
that m8ment was 100 days ago and the gop failed
Yes what will history say about @HillaryClinton 's stupid crimes that endangered America?
You have ruined Illinois. I'd shut up
After 9/11 we had no R's or D's. We had Americans. This is 9/11 again people.  We are the first responders. #TheResistance
Uhm we made a ton of mistakes after 911. In many ways what we did after that attack brought us here. I get what ur saying but still.
Yes, we did. But at that moment of crisis, we were just Americans. We should be at that point again.
Given wht we did I.e. torture patriot act invding Iraq I would have preferred mre debate.
No more torture! Hurting others on purpose is depravity at it's worst
What will always bother me is the only person ready punished was the whistle blower.
That is so wrong. If I told you I robbed a bank and you turned me in, who committed the crime? A five year old could figure this out.
Senator the history books will show the country is in crisis and you did not come up with an action plan to stop this WH madness Pls resign
WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT TRUMP BIG FUCKUP SPEAKER RYAN?
That time passed months ago sir, history will show exactly who stood where, its set in stone now.
MONEY MONEY MONEY
AND THE WHITEHOUSE BURNS!!!!
Senator Durbin, please defend us from this incompetent fool.
Senator Durbin please protect us from global warming...hold your breath. Oh and history will show you as the partisan hack you are.
I forgot how credible the Washington Post has been over the years. I will believe it when a source that isn't garbage gets some real info.
That democrats choose party over country every damn time. That's what they'll say. That the GOP and DNC were the ruination of America.
Get 'em, @SenatorDurbin.
IMPEACH HIM!  American security is at risk.  Any leader who doesn't move to remove this nincompoop IMMEDIATELY is #Complicit
Or or or or something!!!! Wise up you incredible imbecile. Stop falling for the daily faux pearl clutching outrage from demonrats.
UGH!  Another Russian Operative.
He already chose! @SpeakerRyan already put party before this country !
Silence on Trump. Partisanship puts our country & our partners in jeopardy.
@Liz_Wheeler is Wonder Woman w powerful words -beautiful final thoughts I want my daughters 2 hear this fresh + junior in hs + college fresh
Unfortunately Senator we know his answer. He has no country.
They will call him a coward that dishonored his country.
ABSOLUTELY!!!  We are in DANGER!!!  Wise UP!!!
What a man to go down as a traitor and congress as well as the senators knew no one did anything bout it
So called president is obviously Russian spy& putin puppet. Can We The People  FIRE HIM NOW? Where are those subpoenas and indictments?WHEN?
Couldn't of said it better myself Sen.but how quick is the right to go to Hilary, how childish :/
What will your great-grandchildren say? And what will you be thinking about on your death bed?
If the president did it, it can't be wrong.
If you live in IL and don't like Sen Durbin, then vote against him. If you don't live in IL, then go away. That's how gov't works, folks.
Ryan is the biggest hypocrite in the country.
Really? You are calling out Paul Ryan? Pot/kettle. The history books will not be kind to you, Dick.
We know what they'll say about your stint as a US Senator. You're a deluded, left wing, poopy pants,  nut job. Glad I'm out of Illinois.
So are we.
And so are thousands more who decided to leave the state with the 2nd highest tax rate in the country. But you go back to your bubble.
@SpeakerRyan you didn't when Hillary dumped 30k emails on the open market (you hypocrite)
Ryan, McConnell, along with donnie only looking out for themselves.
Well said senator. Thanks for representing Illinois
I guess I shouldn't be surprised since Illinois coughed up Obama too.
Why is @SpeakerRyan NOT acting.  He'll get Pence and Pence will run Ryan's stupid agenda thru.  What is the upside to keeping Trump???
You're aptly named.
History will say that 'as usual' the Dems have TDS (Trump Derangement Syndrome) and fell for more UTTERLY FAKE NEWS and are utter liars.
Sadly. I believe @SpeakerRyan will continue to cower.
Delusional dog whistle of the week.
I wish it was just 'this week'  with these liberal fascists it a daily faux pearl clutching outrage.enough
Crying from the day the doctor spanked them.
Senator Durbin FTW! showing that those of us from Southern Il can twitter troll like a boss!
They'll tell us to stop putting illegal servers with classified info in our bathrooms?
If Trump did wrong & is held to account by GOP, it'll be the 1st time in a generation either party put country over party (that includes you
There's a basement server we need to talk about, Dick.
Goof
The Democrats have obviously chosen party...
Where were you when Hillary chose to risk national secrets then lie about it?
Fake News
They will say you love party over country @SpeakerRyan #spineless #coward
It's easy for me since I've always thought political parties were stupid & never joined one. Can't imagine the identity/tribalism involved.
Please. We all know what Ryan is going to do about it. Nothing. Except maybe defend Trump.
Dems suddenly care abt country?

U LEFT 4 men 2die in #Benghazi while watching 

U ran illegal guns n2 Mexico,
Killing 100s incl #BrianTerry
Thank you great post!
that was my exact thought when hillary had a private server, smashed 12 phones and dleted 30,000 emails
With all due respect, for Godssakes, shut up.
you people are evil. you lost and you'll destroy the country over it
Sir, I'm MORE interested in what you and your colleagues intend to do. Or is this it: you'll chide the GOP and 'tsk' at Trump's shenanigans?
Thank you, sir!
@RodneyDavis When can #IL13 expect any kind of leadership from you?
Forget leadership. I'll settle for representation.
You mean between a liberal game and the contributing American people
Looking forward to the consequences bwahahhahahaha
We saw what you did with Hillary....party first little Dicky. We know what you are all about
Now you care? You didn't mind when Hillary had the cleaning lady delivering her classified communications.
How did you come down on the HRC compromises bud?
Keep looking for 'that moment'.
That you were a partisan hack.
Will Ryan now "send a letter" to Trump? Let's ask him...... @SpeakerRyan ?????
Pumkin papers, Rosenbergs, Venona project?
What will the history books say about your gullibility. #FAKENEWS You want it to be true so bad you can taste it. Get over it. Dems lost
Is it like choosing to compare Americans to "Nazis, Soviets in their gulags or some mad regime — Pol Pot or others" for political gain?
Do the right thing
General McMasters, who was in the room, is a liar? Who are your anonymous sources? McMasters put his name to it. Put names to yours
The people defending him/this/Trump are blowing my mind right now 
You sold out this country often.

How dare you lecture anyone about patriotism.
History books will say Durbin is full of shit.
What do I care what the history books say? I won't be in them. Go away and stop scaring your constituents. Do what they want. It's your job.
Don't you feel like a big man now???
How do you know what was said were you there. Another fake story started by Dems
His bank account tells him to be silent!
You've put Dem party over US interests and the rule of law so many times you have nothing to say.
Let's hold Speaker Ryan to this.  #ImpeachTrump now
What about Hillary Senator? Dems have no leg to stand on here. Neither does @gop. #whytrumpwon
Lock Them all up!
You'd hope...but not thinking @SpeakerRyan is a True Patriot
NOW, you care about INFOSEC???  Your hypocrisy us showing, dear.  Oops!
