With luck hey can get it accomplished
Only 10 million sign up many found unaffordable stop the partisan political BULL SHIT DICK
Now this durban is one poor excuse for a human being
You're second greatest LIAR next to schumer, think you can get to the top??
@realDonaldTrump Now it's 32 million. The fed gov is not in the business of providing free health ins to everyone. If YOU want it go EARN it
Well if you think that is true, then i suggest you put your thinking cap on and start helping out to fix this nightmare. DO YOUR JOB whiney
Only 10 million signed up for Obamacare. Where did you get the other 22 million? We deserve truth not hyperbole, Senator.
It would strip people of insurance b cause of how high it would raise premiums. So even people who weren't through the ACA would be hurt
....and all MEDICAID RECIPIENTS!
STATE controls medicaid!!
Medicaid is a federal program administered by the states. Come on now dude, imma need you to get some kind of real knowledge
Remember when you and @SenateDems voted and allowed insurance companies to increase our premiums? Time for @POTUS to end this nightmare!
Thank you for continuing to stand up for all Americans!!!
Mixed up that health care and health insurance thing again. I'm thinking it was on purpose!
Could run up to 30million!
Pls find & read a summary of the CBO's analysis. 15 million lose Medicaid, others lose b/c subsidies cut or premiums increase, etc.
Thank you Sharon!
The only problem with your partisan politics is people are to ignorant to see though it or check your fact keep up the lies for #Illinoions
Thank you for voting Nay
No one is taking anything away. Only giving people the CHOICE and removing the Gov thumb of oppression the Dems live to use.
Yes..lets have a debate on..."If you like your healthcare, you can keep it" - you dont realize how rediculous you sound do you?
Please stop them Senator Durbin.
Again the CBO was 12 million off on how many would be covered by the ACA so is your calculation off by that amount? #RepealAndReplace
Where's your solution, genius? Or is your skill set limited to  simply throwing bombs?
Because we get to choose, its our choice, through our job, when we need it and mostly because we can choose it freely!!!!
U TAKE OUR HEALTHCARE WE TAKE YOUR SEAT AWAY IN THE SENATE!! WE WILL MAKE ALL GOP PAY!!
@JohnLaprise @SenateGOP If they do, they should not think they will be welcomed back with open arms by their constituents!
@VeeVeens51 @hrh_orchid What the Dems are doing is creating a society of lazy,entitled pansies.Get your lazy ass to work & earn it. MAGA !!!
@realDonaldTrump @VeeVeens51 @hrh_orchid @rushlimbaugh Where in the Constitution does it say we need to give "free" health ins to everyone?
CALL YOUR SENATORS!!  RESIST!!!
More BS! The numbers that sign up for it will drop only because it's NO LONGER MANDATED BY THE STINKING GOVERNMENT!!
I'm an IL resident and support your fight against that notion.
I hate to add to the pressure, but you must find a way to do even more to kill this vote.
Thank you for fighting the good fight
Thank you for being my senator. Keep protecting our health care.
Not kicking them off healthcare they are choosing to get off because mandate is lifted. More jobs & getting healthcare thru employers.
SENATOR - How would you provide tax cuts to rich and Russians if you don't throw our neighbors off healthcare?
#TrumpCare
Bull shit tell the truth
Liar.. that is not the plan at all... and how can you say that when you already said you or republicans do not know what's in the plan yet?
Heartless GOP's agenda is not healthcare. It is taxcare for the wealthy.

Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank you for fighting for us and voting no
Why do they think their electorate doesn't need healthcare? I really think this has more to do with power than money, and that is no reason!
Keep fighting to fix the ACA, Senator Durbin. Help the Republicans save face, but do the right thing for the American people.
You say rip away insurance/I say RIPPED OFF by insurance.Q: Why is it impossible for 100 senators to enforce existing lawA: B/C it pays well
instead of just spouting off like @POTUS could you include a link to the evidence to support? Be better not same
@SenateMajLdr Quit playing games with our health insurance and FIX THE ACA
This is the Cruz Amendment, I assume.
Care and insurance aren't the same, and you know this.
PLEASE SAVE US
Get it over with and open up the free markets! Sooner the better! Deliver our mail & protect our borders & leave us alone!
It is harder to enslave the populace if they are not living under fear of medical bankruptcy, esp. outside of corporate structure.
I feel like the government is after me!   That used to mean you might be crazy, but now, it kind of feels like .. it is! This is not normal
Please fight on. This is just WRONG
What do you need from us? We have to fight this with everything we have.
Durbin..what is your opinion on correcting the failed ACA? So busy trashing the Rs you're brain has short circuited

Wow. Catholic nuns: this is the "most harmful legislation for American families in our lifetimes"; it is "simply immoral" and not pro-life. 
Why? Because after 8 years this is the Best healthcare plan for all Americans they can come up with to hurt the most Americans.
DEMS are doing nothing to mend this failing law. All dems do is RESIST
Get to work and fix this. I want actions and solutions not words.
You didn't mention pushing granny in a wheelchair off a cliff. We need to vote you "all" out.
Keep fighting Senator, thank you!!!
I guess Trumps base got tired of all the winning!
Not sure why the other 300 million people need to pay for these 22 million people's HC.  Where in the constitution does it say that?
We pay even more in subsidies through our tax dollars, without it. Less costly in long run.
We will remember who voted for this
Thanks so much for fighting this horrific bill. We are lucky to have you and @SenDuckworth as our Senators.
Please keep fighting for us here in Illinois
Illinois needs to get their budget in order before asking for more cash to waste.
Vote with republicans on this.  Obamacare is failing and will fail.
smarmy lying @SenateMajLdr is on the floor thanking the angry orange clown, lets see @SenateGOP @SenateDems vote this farce down #votegopout
So some productivity from the folks in DC...about time
Sorry Senator those numbers are the Younger Americans who won't be (forced or penalized) under Obamacare and choose to opt out 
Nice Try 
Majority of whom simply don't want it...

The GOP promise to America is nothing more than a promise to themselves. Their healthcare has a 17% approval. Lives will be lost!
Thank you for serving and protecting your Illinois residents
Thank you for your efforts to stop this travesty
They sure like those big numbers.
if they wait another day or two, i'm sure they can get that number up to 50.

Just keeps winning
