Trump to NBC: "When I decided to [fire Comey], I said to myself, you know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story."
Senator, Agreed. And I know the perfect candidate to replace Comey: a lifelong FBI agent. Don't pick anyone without that qualification?
Usually a crime is committed and then there's an investigation. In this case, it's an investigation looking for a crime = witch hunt.
... and speaking of schleps that  need to retire look who shows up...
Trump committed a slow-motion coup with the entire GOP, against the people of the United States...

We better make the countercoup faster!
So what damn recourse do we have????
impeachment
Not with a GOP controlled House and Ryan at the helm.  We'd have to get some cross aisle support or we can't even draft articles.
@wildwillow65 @RyanWelchko @BigGrin94 @SenatorDurbin @mitchellreports  #resistance must rise up & demand this! Every single day
you're about as bright as a busted light bulb. Firing Comey doesn't stop the investigation. Grow a brain.
This is classic obstruction of justice. Why are they not drawing up articles of impeachment now?
Ok, so when does he get charged with obstruction of justice? Asking for a country
When GOP starts to feel the pain. Loses seats or is implicated themselves. It's mind boggling!
What are we going to do about this? Surely there must be a few Republicans left who aren't corrupt and will do the right thing? No?
Nope.
Sigh. It's maddening. 
From Robert Costa on NPR today: Republicans are slowly falling in line behind Trump. Those who are "troubled" are also doing nothing.
With all due respect Senator- Democrats R getting tired of our leaders - YOU- Bing FAR too Polite.  Trump 'MAY be obstructing justice'?!?!
- The media keeps missing that salient interview. KAC would do well to be confronted with this. Russia, Russia, Russia! 
The more he speaks, the worse the situation gets for him. He has no sense of wrongdoing, and does not learn from experience or vicariously.
He never had to, ppl around him catered to his crassness and deceit for $ and opportunities.CONNIVING CHARLATAN LOUSE
Liar Traitor
He had the thought it's a made up story, Dick. That's not a crime. It IS a made-up story and YOU'RE making it up here on twitter.
At this point he seems to be enjoying the fact that he can get away with anything.  Anything.
Trump is thumbing his nose at us & the world, except Russia. I think he may have syphillis
@PhilipRucker Trump threatened to "Ruin you if you report me to FBI."  I was soon strangely ill,cars ruined,almost killed.SOS
@PhilipRucker Trump threatened ruin me. Told turnin in2 FBI 2014. Now 155 lbs,vehicles ruined. Allege fedl witness tampering!
I have just read your tweets and you should be ashamed of yourself. Your false narrative is hurting all.
Trump is not under invest. by FBI
Trump IS Obstructing Justice & something NEEDS to Happen RIGHT NOW!!
@PhilipRucker This is a new, viral ColdWar. Please read Melik Kaylan in Forbes & Politico. Chaos and gridlock is intentional.
@PhilipRucker Jim Ellis reportd2FBI #TrumpTreason 2014  Made Vlad world ldr+oil bilionaire from nothin kgb agent,threatend me
Senator - thank you.
Wow , so Trump talks to himself. That's the way it is when you don't have anyone who wants  to talk to you !   Sad
Also, here's a man with nuclear launch codes crazily talking to himself about himself in the third person. This is some scary .
Why can't the other half see this? Is it really more important to be a republican instead of an American?
Trump campaign of Alt. Facts is like bind weed covering over & choking out actual facts for some. Others want shift into authoritarianism.
Pity it's now been confirmed that craven Rosenstein doesn't have a gonad in him.
Articles of Impeachment sound good to you yet? They sure do to AMERICANS!

treason,or, at the least, obstruction!
It's a made up story. If I was really in with Putin you'd know. It's not like I put his best American friend in charge of US diplomacy...oh
The American people is not stupid! #45 must go
Does "For the good of the Country" not mean anything to ReTrumplican Congress anymore? Why are the women in the congress not uniting?
Did anyone else catch that #THUGtRump is so removed from reality TV, he now speaks of himself in 3rd person?
we are counting on you...get that special prosecutor!
@USAttyBharara  um hello?
God bless you Senator Durbin. Never give up the fight!
All I see Pres Trump saying is that the Russian collusion is a hoax! Perpetrated by the Dems and media!Comey was incompetent so he's fired!
Live it when he speaks of himself in the third person WTF
...and here he is threatening him
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
@realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump NOW. #FirePence #NewElection OR revert to popular vote of the last election!!
Quit wasting our time and $ with this Russia thing. You need to be voted out of office
@realDonaldTrump is a #Traitor who betrayed America bc US Banks wouldn't lend him $ after he lost BILLION. His greed/hate 4 #44 #HRC=TREASON
Isn't obstruction of justice a felony?
So tell me Dick,why are u not concerned about this?Tell me, how much of a kickback do u get from the cartels in Chicago?There's ur collusion



Is EVERYTHING suspicious to you?  Where was your curiosity and skepticism during Obamanation yrs and Shillery private srvr? Strange??
But, you probably know that already, and are lying. In which case, you should be the one resigning, not advocating for others to resign.
Um...read what you retweeted.  He didn't say it's because of the investigation of him...which according to two Senators there isn't one.
Dick Durbin should < time focusing on @Russia & > time on Illinois. His state is a mess. Chicago a war zone. Has Durbin ever done real work?
Happy to have voted for you, #CountryOverParty 
No he didn't-you are spinning what he said out of context completely.Maybe you are unfit to be a Senator & should be expulsed for Sedition
Clear as day, @nytimes October report, FBI cleared #Trump of ANY Russia links. He's been vetted, background checked
We the People are victims of @GOP ransomware of our Constitution. Hostages of their greed, self&donor dealing, & complicit malware
So what will Democrats do about it?
What is Congress going to do about it? #ImpeachTrump #SaveTheConstitutionAndTheRepublic
Impeach!
Clear that Obama was not investigated for making Iran payments without congress?
As he should.Never in history was there an investigation based on the lies of a corrupt party without a shred of proof.thats you demo rats
If you could get past your hate for POTUS, you would see he is doing great. What proof do you have Russian collusion? NOT ONE THING! Whaaaaa
Lock trump up
Oh please! Move on
And it's absolutely hilarious.  What a troll!  XD
He's (Trump) having a very hard time keeping his lies straight these days.
Sen you know this Russian collusion story is fake. How much evidence is there? None. Give it a rest.
Then do something about it.
So what? It makes no difference DT is still potus, GOP/DOJ/FBI still protecting him. Comey still aided Russia in election. Putin still wins
The wheels of justice grind too slowly to prevent damage, some irreparable. People suffer and die, trumps stealing and emoluments galore.
And Congress refuses to do anything about it.. pathetic.. they choose party over country.. our country is being attacked by our own POTUS
@PhilipRucker yes, of course. And Comey made it up.
Spread the Word! #MarchForTruth
You guys should immediately start shaming Republicans on this and pushing them for dear life to Impeachment!
He is the most ignorant person on the entire planet. Potus please keep doing tv interviews  and tweeting. U help fast track ur impeachment.
Yes sir. Rally the troops!
We need to surround DC with millions of Americans demanding Trump resign. 120 days of Trump's bullshit is enough!
Hey Dickie it's funny how all you left-wingers six months ago didn't have a good word to say about comey and now he did no wrong
Does he not know that this statement is kind of "obstruction of justiceish" in nature?
I think we have a mentally ill person in the White House and believe me, Senator it keeps me awake at night
Because he has no impulse control.
Yet you let Hillary break the law, what a hypocrite! You are the reason we need term limits! #draintheswamp
Trump must be stopped..today threatening Comey.  This is wrong
So get him. He needs to be gone, period.
Admission of obstruction. Huckabee said Comey was fired to quickly get to the end of the investigation.
Liberals R slaves 2 party & donors,like Soros.  They erode national pride by immigrant shaming.  Baby shaming.  Race shaming.  Manipulation!
This is a liar & a swamp dweller.  Motivated me to leave Ill., this senator is a globalist.  He fights the national pride instilled by Pres
Senator, you are one of the ones we are hoping to lead a strong response to the obstruction of justice and, this morning, threats by Trump.
What bullshit!  Firing Comey is what every Dem called for.  Now the cry is timing? 2 Obama appointees; Clapper & Rice affirm no evidence.
He speaks about himself in the third person, even in his own head?
This is witness tampering in a federal investigation Now what??
The House needs to file an impeachment inquiry yesterday.
Retweet to spread word DC is the captial where all this is coming out of let's let our politicans know we wont tolerate it July 15th protest
And turtle face @SenMajLeader ignores it all. After all, Trump and the Russians have WHITE skin.

Racist!
Get him out, KY
I get it. We need a Democratic Congress.
Durbin just said Rosenstein was "duped" into writing Comey letter.. too funny!! Durbin, you're an idiot!
The 350 pound great pound greatest chocolate cake with 2 dips of ice cream eater is going to take down America, one calorie at a time. BIGLY
Listen FLOTUS is outta town a lot, you think a sexual predator like #THUGtRump hasn't stained a few dresses already in the Oval Office?
How could a person of your intelligence and experience be employed by anyone other than the government.  Elected by morons?
So how are those impeachment articles coming?
Dicky ask DiFi:  Before being fired, Comey told Congress that Russian probe targets didn't include Trump
Well, get busy, buddy. Both the Senate and the House of Reps need to get him out of office before he crashes the whole train!
Why does the Senate do nothing sir?
If Merrick Garland becomes FBI director who would DJT put in his place? Lifetime appointments??
HERE'S THE GOP DOING JACK ISH ABOUT IT
HERE'S PUTIN'S GIMPS PARTYING IN THEIR NEW OVAL OFFICE
I would have fired his dumb ass too. Too much taxpayer money being spent on a Witch Hunt to nowhere! And LOCK HER UP! Hillary ROTTEN Clinton
And another day that the POTUS does something outrageous and yet no action from all the other pols. What is your action plan to stop this?
Why would any person with an innocent state of mind ask law enforcement if he was being investigated?
can't comey just come out and say whether or not he told trump he wasn't being investigated?
A new speaker?
He fired Flynn for lying to the VP, so VP lied to ppl!!! Now VP said:T followed what DAG,asked for, -because Trump told VP so! Ergo:fire T !
and then he invited Russia into the Whitehouse literally.  Treason as hell. #ImpeachTrump
Had Obama done this, Republicans would have had an all night session discussing impeachment proceedings.
We have lost all confidence in the White House. Trump needs to be fired.


Well Dick, you are the only person who believes the story. Not one shred of evidence has been brought forward
This is shamefully embarrassing for the US to see this President lie his way out of this latest mess with Comey. We all want Honesty vs Llty
It's Senator Cruz's  chance to get sweet revenge
Will Trump ever manage to form a real sentence? Form a sentence! Form a goddamned sentence! Also, we're doomed.
Here's the prez of the US admitting to obstruction of justice, his entire West Wing staff have been lying for 24 hrs & his AG is complicit!
& also that he & the AG perjured themselves taking their oaths of office, with a 2nd new count of perjury to Congress for the AG
#NotRecused
Special prosecutor-bit Garland, he needs to stay on court
Yet he's still in office sharing secrets with Russia or they are getting them from the bugs they placed in the oval this week.
And the hypocrites keep pointing the finger in spite of all the criticism and loss of trust in Comey back in October. You dug a pit on
Issues with Comey and now your all back pedaling and acting like you didn't have a problem with any of his past actions. GOP video is great
Since one Rep/Sen criticizes firing and then said if Hillary was elected firing him was a'okay. Go go doubles standard in full effect
And Sessions had no right to be involved.
@grizatlcp Guys come on this is not a tough one.IMPEACH
Sir, Patrick Fitzgerald would be a great Special Prosecutor for this investigation
Utterly incomprehensible that @GOP is not acting on this info.
Do something about it
Could Comey file a whistleblower lawsuit?
YES!! 45* IS A RUSSIAN AGENT AGAINST USA
You should talk to @RepLaHood, as I'm assuming he would love to lead the impeachment debate just like his daddy.
Must have massive impeachment march - & inundate White House with calls.Start with Rod Rosenstein has auth 2cr8 independent investigation
.@SenatorDurbin @FDTProgressive bet it was when Comey asked for more money that put him over the roof. "I'm not paying for that!"
The you all need to get off your asses and impeach, jail and hang this man for treason. Impeachment is to good for his be trail to USA.
What are you going to do about it Sir?  Is there anyone in Washington with integrity who truly is working for this Republic and its people?
Thank you Senator. He may have just hung himself AND Sessions with that run on sentence.
GOP=group of pussies
Senator Durbin are there enough real American in Congress to stand up and do the right thing before he does any more damage?
@PhilipRucker FFS, is this douche every capable of putting together a coherent sentence?!
When he's done he changes the channel and we cease to exist.
Independent investigation is the only way. Donnie's going down!!
Ok what are you going to do about it. This lunatic is telling you that no one can investigate him. So can you impeach him now?
...and you will do what???
Trump is insulating the power of the White House by removing checks and balances, now he's working to expand legal voter suppression
So.... whatcha gonna do about that little ol bit of obstructionism there Dickey?? #SpecialProsecutor #ImpeachTrump
"Obstruction of justice." Say it. Out loud. In print. To your colleagues. Everywhere.
OUR GOVERNMENT HAS BEEN HIJACKED. CHEETO NEEDS TO GO
#obstruction  #impeachment
Stop your lies. There is no investigation. #TrumpRussiaHoax
#obstructionofjustice hopefully FBI arrests in the middle of either dinner at Mar-a-Lago or meeting with third world dictator.
Thx for keeping on top of this. We must hold him accountable!  Keep pressure on!!
Obstruction of Justice 101
@laurenkgray as a republican sir, when will my party stop ball washing this obstruction of justice of a President?!?!
If they don't impeach they will lose the house
No ! But here's what's clear in Chicago 1000 shot 200 murders. What are u doing about that Durbin?
Plus Mr. Comey didn't declare loyalty to our Idiot, stupid so-called prez.
So, do something about it SENATOR!
Stand Senator. We have come to far in this country to go backwards.
Impeach !
Yes clear as day because Trump's brain is clear of honesty!
@VlanTrunk @PhilipRucker So why can't GOP see this direct line of obstruction
