Pres. Trump on Charlottesville: "There's blame on both sides...you also had people that were very fine people on both sides." 
Washington has become the den of all things ungodly through the Clinton/Bush/Obama anarchist "One World Order agenda. Deport Soros and #MAGA
The government is NOT your DADDY!
It has been for millions of inner-city dwellers since the 'Great Society' was enacted. Time to erase some of this failed ideology of 60's.
LOL - yes nothing says tolerance more then your post! You type as if your ADD, SAD your mommy just did not love you!
You don't even know me, and are wrong on all counts. It's a waste to try to educate people like you, who've eaten the propaganda cookies.
Familiar with @GeorgWebb? You better be! Surrender or #AWANGATE #DRAINTHESWAMP.
Please impeach trump. He cares about statues and material things. He does not care for living humans. No fine people march with the KKK,
Are you blind?  The other side showed up with communist flags and bats with helmets.
Thank you. Now I expect you to halt everything until Bannon, Miller & Gorka are removed. This is just empty PR if not accompanied by action.
"Dick" doesnt have the power to do any of that ya ignorant bed wetter.
Cool bro.  Thanks for the input.  I'm going to act like everyone else in your life and not take you seriously.
Oh I didn't realize flags and swastikas did the same damage as the bats, concrete cans and chemical bombs the other groups brought and used.
Lets not forget the car & all those who were hurt and who died, but you are defending something beyond ill, beyond my understanding MUTING U
Wouldn't have happened if they weren't there violently oppressing free speech. I don't support the message I support the right.
They showed up armed looking for a fight, they had no interest in peace.
Both sides funded by Soros. Same "play" performed in the coup d'etat of the Ukraine. We are #DRAINTHESWAMP Senator, #AWANGATE.
Senator dick durbin must be blind or just a liar , there clearly were Antifa and blm bringing brutality, bats,bags of urine, so ridiculous
Right
Yes
@realDonaldTrump is a serious threat to our nation. Pls do everything you can to remove him and encourage your colleagues to do the same
But her emails
BUT BENGHAZI!!!
And only one side which bussed in thousands of battle-hungry ANTIFA Terrorists to SUPPRESS FREE SPEECH using baseball bats.  2 sides, total.
Only one side that tried killing a policeman and brought civil unrest & destruction to Ferguson ,then to Baltimore & to Berkeley # alt left
That only poor leadership I see is those who DON'T condemn BOTH sides...the hate is within yourselves
So when you say the president was wrong for saying both side are bad you're supporting one of the violent sides...cant have it both ways
They also brought a PERMIT
When President Trump is done more than half of the Senators will end up in jail.
FYI Senator, there were decent, unaffiliated citizens in Charlottesville to peacefully express opinions about statue removal.
Senator, while only one group brought nazi flags and swastikas, they weren't the only group to bring weapons intent on violence.
Amazing how silent Dems are re leftist brownshirted fascists who are waging war against 1st Amendment across USA. Antifa are Dems, I guess.
The other side brought mace, bat's, urine balloons and the Hammer and Sickle.
Both communism and nazism are our old enemies. Every group involved in this riot is antithetical to mainstream American society & values.
Antifa & BLM brought melee weapons and urine-balloons, as well as communist and anarchist flags. Girl who died was Antifa member. 0 sympathy
Nope - wrong. Both sides were to blame. You leftists can repeat your lie forever and it won't magically make it the truth.
Donald U R to blame for all the hate that has come out. Hope U can sleep easy. U R so disliked,Your dad was a KKK member and went to jail
I don't buy it. Absolutely sad and disturbing.
@ACLUVA @ABC  Did you see Antifa's bats being used or Antifa Handouts or the Progressive letter inviting
Trump is a menace.
So the counter protestors that brought bats, sticks, & other weapons should be allowed to engage in illegal activities w/o repercussions?
You must not have seen the same as everyone else. Left trying to close down free speech by any means possible including hard violence.
BS Dick and you know it - ANTIFA brought their bats, clubs, archery, and other weapons with equal hate displayed in their own flag


Antufa now uses a similar flag. Hitler was antifa,  socialists are from the party too. End all hate groups.
They were sporting swastikas,they were Nazis.its what our fathers,uncles,grandparents fought for n dies.we r suppose to fight Nazis

Wrong, check ur facts. and gee i heard him blame both sides, exactly as he should. stop inventing based on ur own agenda


Not true Dicky, the other side also brought brutality, anti-US flags, guns& bats...
Please move to impeach that fool!
Regardless if the fascist flag has a swatsika or an antifa symbol on it - the brutality and violence committed is wrong and reprehensible.
One group organized to show hate, one group organized against hate. #HistoryIsWatching
Impeach Trump
Yea and antifa brought clubs
The Nazis KKK were being protected by militia group who came armed w assault rifles grenades teargas. The left came armed w their bare hands
And there was only one side who brought Baseball Bats, Home Made Flame Throwers and an abundance of HATE! And it was YOUR side, Sen. Durbin!
And guns. Don't forget all the guns.
And only one side who brought Baseball Bats, home made flame throwers, and tons of HATE in tghe name of tolerance! And that wAS y
Thank you
Invoke the 25th amendment. It's time. @SenDuckworth
And there was only 1 Side that Brought Bats and FlameThrowers #MutuallyEngagedCombatants
It's a can of spray paint a racist threw at him. He's protecting the white guy.
Dickey how about the Ku Klux Clan any comments on that, oh wait before  U do Dickey watch this:
More accurate and truthful statement; one side brought nazi flags and swastikas, but both sides brought brutality. Peaceful protestors lost.
Senator Durbin again wrong.  Your party perpetuates hate.  You do not even try to be kind.  Dems are lazy obstructionists. Trying to divide!
25-4
Well violence was started by leftist hate groups....just saying.
both sides are haters to pick either side is condenmable --but it WAS peaceful till the other side showed
By definition there are no 'fine people' in the alt-right!  Their very ideology is repugnant. @realDonaldTrump @VP
Nope...
Virginia governor & #Charlottesville Mayor let Antifa raise their flag at city hall. 
https://mobile.twitter.com/jojoh888/status/897614380124254208/video/1 …
So, what are you going to do about it? We need action, not mere words.
Tear down and remove the party of the Confederacy 

The Democratic Party 

The RACIST party of hate in 
Lots of really stupid people in this thread. You are unglued. #Scary
It was Black Nationalists that hunted down and murdered eight-(8) police officers 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/national/inside-the-black-nationalist-groups-that-captivated-killers-in-dallas-baton-rouge/2016/07/23/e53aef66-4f89-11e6-a422-83ab49ed5e6a_story.html …
BLM has chanting "Pigs in a Blanket" for two years have you denounced BLM or Black Nationalists that murdered police
La Raza (The Race) and ANTIFA have been attacking folks with a different POV for over a year did you denounce
exactly.
Brutality? So it's not brutality if your on the other side if you attack someone for having different views.... So much for love trumps hate
Did they not fallow the rules and have a permit? I don't condone their beliefs or behaviors but they did follow the rules.

Nothing says innocent like masking up for planned illegal activities.

Completely wrong Senator. It was a peaceful and lawful event until leftists attacked with sticks, bricks, and feces.
Please, sir; It's time to work with others to remove our POTUS. He is dangerous and unfit. The American people are counting on you.
How much money did you get from Soros?!? Hmmmm....
@Potus is setting s poor example for our children. He needs to stop excusing intolerance.
New Jersey naming them a terrorist group #AntifaIsISIS

Tell this old man how innocent they are #AntiFascist
Why are you not condemning both sides?  There was violence from both!  Be honest senator...

Only a true idiot would defend thugs who came prepared to fight. BOTH SIDES ARE WRONG; politicians are idiots.
And the other side hid their faces, brought weapons, shields and helmets. Just WHO do you think was ready to rumble? Be part of the solution
And the other side also brought clubs weapons and fire.... stop lying
There were good people there that did not want a long time statue of U.S. history torn down.  Tell the truth dick!
I am reading the tweets.  Looks like many of your followers believe your bs. Stop with it now!!  Senator, Your dividing this great nation
And another side attacked them.  They maybe sick perverse people bu, they have a right to free speech and the only permit there to assemble
Didn't they learn anything from world war 2?
The other side brought metal bats, boards, cans filled with. concrete, etc. Lovely nice Antifa sweethearts.
Very fine nazis? Only in Trump Universe
Trump is really a danger to us. He is going to tear this country apart, divided we may fail as a nation. We cannot allow us to fight each,
Despicable
Trump was talking about violence on both sides not moral equivalency. Duh! Violence is violence. It's wrong no matter who does it. Got it??
Are you Dems condoning the violence of the antifa and blm?
One side had a bunch of idiots participating in a legal public event. Some on the other side showed up to attack them. Both need condemned.
Thank you Senator.
Neo-nazis, white supremacists, KKK, etc are scum. That said, here's who you are defending beating an old man:
Attached: From Daily Stormer @SenatorDurbin: Is there truth to this?  
Did police give a nod? this must b investigated. what deal was made?
When is a Nazi EVER very fine?! Go away, @realDonaldTrump 
America is counting on you @SenatorDurbin to keep fighting the good fight. Pls.
roght, the other side brought clubs, gas, feces, urine, with masks. To peacefully protest.
Thank you for speaking up for good, as always!
Please Senator Durbin help us get rid of Trump and Pence. The people of IL will support you. We got your back.
Yeah and antifa who r violent pigs u ignore . Here's there statement after scalise was shot . Such fine ppl u have !
So what do you intend to do about this? I ask ask as an Illinoisan.
But both brought baseball bats, shields etc.
The side had plenty of weapons Dick!!
What did this side bring??
The other side, the radical leftists, brought bottles, sticks, urine, feces, OC spray, and just as much violence. GFY!

It is NO coincidence that one of @realDonaldTrump key mantras is #americaFirst #TrumpKlan #TrumpRussia 
Only 1 side brought bats-that group had no permit & brought brutality. All responsible 4 violence. Your narrative part of problem.
You are stating false narrative. He named blame to both Antifa & nazis. Takes 2 to fight. Cops allowed. Mayor to blame. @realDonaldTrump

Really, dude?
Antifa bussed in 1,000 with urine balloons and blue chemicals. Witnesses are talking. All will be revealed.
The other side brought the fascism that you so lovingly embrace, clubs, mace, bags of urine and feces, and the backing of Democrats.
Quit spewing lies, both sides were wrong and the President condemned the hatred.
This man must be removed from office. Please do what needs to be done. (I vote in Illinois.)
That is an outright lie
As minority whip, it's time for you to rally Dems to call for Trump's impeachment. Enough with condemnation. Act! #ImpeachTrump
The video I've seen looks like so many people were fighting  each other, that's it's hard to tell who is who.  But I didn't see any police..

You are WRONG! Antifa brought weapons and violence as well. You are INTENTIONALLY LYING to the American people.
ANTIFA, brought baseball bats. Were they going to have a playful game?
So why did both sides have weapons and using them?
Did you comment so loudly when a Bernie Sanders supporter shot congressmen at a baseball practice? Was that not a hate crime?
And Semi-automatic rifles.
For all the sane people of the USA and abroad, you must start proceedings to remove him from office.
It's appalling that he's trying to shift blame. Nazis showed up with WEAPONS/armor. Trump has abdicated his Constitutional responsibilities.
So Antifa n anarchists violence & destruction is acceptable as long as they don't have flags?  #idiot
NAZIS vs. SOVIETS
Only one side brought full military gear and semi-automatic weapons
If the Nazis had permit & *open invitation* to all to march, how are counter-protesters who are functionally just joining them not included?
someone who was there said that nazis threw glass jars of piss at the protesters' heads
Can the Senate censure him now? Or 25th Amendment? Something?
And guns.
#25thAmmendmentNow
& there's your side that brought trespassing, assaults, looting & BS to Occupy. Glass house buddy!
He loves those nazis and white supremacists. He would not have won w/out them. We can't tolerate this any longer.
Senator, I beg you. Please start the impeachment process for this hateful man now before he does more damage
Thank you for speaking up. Where are all of the other political leaders Dems and Reps? #CountryOverParty
And yet w/ this national embarrassment (Trump) - you have done little to push ur GOP colleagues to get him out!
POTUS is a flat out RACIST! Where is the GOP as DJT is tearing up America? DJT makes Nixon look like FDR. He is I believe totally unstable
The other side brought a communist flag and baseball bats.
Very fine White Supremacists.
But it was the OTHER side that started the violence and has been for months. Are you condoning violence?
There is only an elected group of individuals who can remove @realDonaldTrump! Enough is enough
t=impotent, inept, ineffective, inappropriate, inefficient, incompetent, impeachable.
Remember when a blowjob was unworthy of the Presidency?  We need action.  #ImpeachTrump  #NoMoreWords
I'm afraid because I'm no longer shocked. I'm numb. Please Senator Durbin, fight Trump with everything you have.
Is there going to be a moment when senate and house have had enough, step in, and save this country from this evil?
O.k. . They wanted to "Counter Protest".
Plus assault weapons,--only one side drove into the march!
The swastikas are nazi flags dummy but Antifa brought brutality as well.
As a resident of Illinois, I urge you to take action to remove this man from office.
The only group in America who can trample the ideals of the country and flag, and still be  called patriots.
And chanted Jews will not replace us.
Hey Senator Durbin what are you doing about the crime in my city Chicago 39 people shot over the weekend six killed?
No idiot. Antifa brought bats, mace, pepper spray. They attacked first. You say words are violence and actual violence is not.
And assault rifles
Hey Senator Durbin what are your thoughts on the five Dallas police ever shot during a BLM event?
Hey senator Durbin how about launching investigation for civil rights of the woman killed because the governor told the police to standdown
They were walking around with guns, also!
You are correct. Now please work to get rid of the head of the Alt-right -- Donald Trump!

That asshole president of ours
Stop tweeting.  DO SOMETHING!
And they should have been mocked and not given the platform. We're calling out the actual fascists that showed up to shut down free speech.
"Very fine" NAZI's? WTF? No.
#ITMFA
right....always the other guy's at fault
That is demonstrably false you Hack dinosaur. Please go away.
This guy is a narcisstic maniac.  Get him OUT!!!!!!!!!!
@ABC We must impeach him. #TheResistance
DO SOMETHING ABOUT HIM
Thank you. 45 is a cancer.
It's a hate group!  Fighting for right to be superior! Not two sides-evil isn't a side it's an abomination
Your prezzy funded Hamas, & billions to Iran.  No condemnation.  Our tax $'s. You have nothing to condemn.  Your party.
There was only one side that burnt down #Ferguson @POTUS has acknowledged both and you deny the facts. #BLM #NeoNazis @BarackObama caused it
