Yep.  Stop spending my money.  You have done nothing but obstruct.  You and the dems deserve this.   NO MORE ENTITLEMENTS.  #TermLimits
Huh?  What on earth are you talking about?
The "22mm" Americans line is BS. Either way it's not my problem.  My concern is my HC costs which have tripled under the failed Obamacare.
What's your citation for the claim that it's BS, putting aside for a moment your heartless selfishness and ignorance of how insurance works?
Saying "it's not my problem" immediately betrays a lack of understanding of pooled risk and insurance, ironically.
Because, you see, it is your problem -- morally, but financially too.
No It's not.  It's not my job to pay 4 people that I have no relation with.  It's not yours either.  When u grow up you become conservative
That's how insurance works. You pay in when you're healthy, they pay out for you when you're sick. Are you really this dumb?
That's the @SenToomey bill. Don't forget the hundreds of thousands of veterans who will lose healthcare coverage.
Veterans are covered by the VA.  More fake news from the left.
Please educate yourself before commenting next time.
"There are about 22 million veterans in the U.S. But less than half get their health care through the Veterans Affairs system;"
Separate issue, but regardless I would support legislation that assist our vets.
It's not a separate issue nor is it fake news. @SenToomey 's legislation will directly result in vets & families losing healthcare coverage
This is a coup. GOP are undermining our democratic values and Constitution. They must be stopped.
Do you fellow @sarahkendzior  if not you should
Do now! Thx!
She has been tweeting democracy was in trouble for some time 
Great thread
1. There are multiple signs US is headed toward full autocracy, that checks and balances are failing. Besides AG -- TrumpCare and sanctions
Senator Durbin, Americans are fed up and talking about another nation wide march. Maybe we should just reclaim the whitehouse by force
It's hard to have sympathy for a country that voted in such large numbers for a moronic megalomaniac... but then again we voted #Brexit.
40 million were on Medicaid before Ocare, now 78 million and growing.  How much of my money are other people entitled to?
So you think that's all on you, sister? If you need us, I hope we are pitching in on what you need.  And not blowing it on bombs.
Why do you keep changing the numbers? Lying?  #liblies
And what will u do for us ?
But my rich friends get a tax break to #MAGA right?
with all due respect, how many people are on Obamacare now?
12.2million this year 
It went down some since this all started
I think their counting all those mandated but didn't actually sign up for ACA idk
they have some crazy numbers.....
Fix it then
Their latest healthcare plan is even worse than the ones before. We're on the precipice. All of us. OMG. Time to panic.
Why a secret vote.  You should be making it so all your constituents know how you vote.. Not assume you will boys for our benefit.
This hurts all but the rich. Where are there brains.
You and @SenDuckworth doing such great work.  Illinois is proud of you.
GOP wants the opposite of whatever ppl want. They want their payoffs from lobbyists and big business. Dems still work for ppl.
Why is this secret Sen Durbin? Are you following the wish of the people you ate representing?
LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE.  BE TRUTHFUL DICK!!!! @realDonaldTrump @JoeConchaTV @CharlesOrtel @TuckerCarlson @Scaramucci @RealJamesWoods
Keep Fighting Senator Durbin! Thank you!
For clarification-This was what was voted down later in the day on 7/25 correct?
We now know McCain was full of BS.
That didn't get 60 votes thank God.
Thanks for info.
@devdam1 @SenateGOP Aaaand it went down 43-57.
Thank you for voting No today!
How about the increased inheritance tax that wipes out savings? Or taxing SSI. Don't hear you crying about those.
As a registered IRS tax preparer for 30 years, I can readily see YOU don't know the law, or what you're talking about! TOO BAD
We're counting on you and your colleagues
Yes. They told of very high prices for the old. Because the young shouldn't carry the burden. But the old, well, they need to step up. :(
how are all the Rep Senators ignoring @NationalADAPT?!!!!
Thanks for trying Senator
You get what you vote for. People who vote GOP will suffer but hopefully come to their senses on who they vote for. No sympathy. Be smarter.
American's NOW CAN CHOOSE to purchase insurance without the full force of the US Government & IRS with a gun to your head as Dems OCare did
Let us all have your health care plan and pay the same as you!
MCCAIN IS A TRAITOR!
Thank you for fighting this sir.
The crime of the century!
#TheMostObamafulLieOfTheYear
and McCain rushes to the dais to vote YEEEEESSSS! 
Such a hero, that guy
Happy to support you and Sen Duckworth. Thank you!

I'm affected in every way, breast cancer, adult daughter w/heart defect & dev dis & needs Medicaid, & I'm 55, we have indiv ins market plans
I've been trying to reach you! You cannot allow this to happen to your Constituents! Stop the madness!#HeroesResist
Remember when Obamacare was "rushed" through is more than a year? The @GOP are vile - each and every person. Thank G-d @SenDuckworth won.
please put a stop to this lunacy of repeal. We can't kill fellow americans for a tax break. Please
Please help us!
Hoping they vote no!!!
Okay so that is a no, a nope, a never...and because its necessary in 2017 nyet! нисколько не!
More BS from Durbin... 15 million can make a decision about getting Insurance if they want.. Medicaid future growth reduced. #mediawhore
And to kill millions let alone me~
Rise up & fight the GOP. Make Illinois proud again, Senator Durbin
Sounds like a win win win
All lies and you know it
What's lies? No Medicaid is what they are voting on. Wake up!!!
This is where amendments come in, right! Do them! You and @SenDuckworth submit hundreds of amendments to slow this monstrosity down! #resist
Hey Dicky boy. You failed to remember the 19 hidden taxes added for Ocare. Dems didn't have the guts to tell us about the new taxes. #crooks
How did it go from debate to immediately voting ?
They were voting 1st on McConnell amendments. Outcome? Then they debated Cruz amendment & voted on it. That failed. Paul amdt tomorrow.
where are the dems ideas to fix this mess? It was slammed through on a big fat set of lies and we all know it.
You guys WANT SINGLE PAYER, FIND WHERE DOES THE MONEY COME FROM TO PAY 4 It?
Don't let the hurt folks is that what the GOP stands for . Unreal
WWJD - What Will John Do? If he rejects w/Graham, perhaps way 2 save Senate. If he approves, his speech is BS.
Turns out the "Straight Talker" was full of hot air. What a betrayal. At  least MaliciousMitch doesn't pretend to care about American people
Such shameful propaganda you leftist spread to scare people.
Unconscionable. Absolutely horrifying.
Oh stop.
LOL from IL what a joke
Just say "NO" to the age tax! Life is tough enough without being taxed because I'm in my 50s!
Can you get 3 GOP Senators to vote NO on this abomination?
How.....patriotic?
#GA06's new Rep @karenhandel is telling lies about #trumpcare. https://twitter.com/HybridVigorUS/status/873984547339292672 …
