The bill died because it was a make-believe plan made of lies about Obamacare and wishful thinking, says @DLeonhardt http://nyti.ms/2vefBUF 
How can we be a strong industrial country If OUR American Brothers and Sisters are not healthy enough to work?
Largely the are. And no govt program has ever eliminated a problem completely. This was a vote buying scheme.
We Americans need to work for each other and not the Large Oil Companies
americans work for themselves, and the job they personallhy choose to accept.
That's Not The  American Way
to the contrary its exactly the american way.
That's more of a Communist Philosophy if you ask me
then you dont understand communism
Then why didn't y'all help the republicans OR allow @GOP to help when you first put it out there shoving it down throats? Try to be honest.
...170 amendments by the GOP.
ignored and denied
What? That's the count of the amendments that were approved.
The only reason they finally allowed amendments was because they lost their 60th vote to a special election. smh
What? They had 60 votes anyway. https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=111&session=1&vote=00396#position …
They lost the 60th vote when Kennedy died. Brown won in special election. You have no clue what you think you know. factsmatter farce!
Your claim was that they only accepted amendments because they lost that 60th vote. This bill passed with 60 *before* the special election.
Then why did you jam Obamacare down the throats of the American people 8 years ago with NO Republican votes?  Hypocrite.
Obamacare is a disaster.  Almost no choices, high premiums, high deductibles.  UAHA Un-Affordable HealthCare Act
You Democrats told us #ObamaCare already fixed everything. Weird that it needs to be fixed, right? Right?
Right until the GOP completely trashed the healthcare budget in the name of no tax rapists on the wealthy, sure.
"No tax rapists"?
Oh my goodness, I don't even know what autocorrect is doing anymore. RAISES
Why would Republicans work with you clowns when you have made clear single payer is your only objective?
Working together? Hahahahaha Dems don't understand the concept
Please stop...you are a dispicable HUman being. You Created problems in Healthcare
I would love to see a bill to strengthen ACA that could get 30 Dem + 30 GOP votes. I know, I know, I'm a dreamer.
Oh, I thought you did that with ObamaCare
I was told it was racist to point out all the problems with #Obamacare.
We were told is was the gold standard of perfection in every way. Are you saying it was all a lie?
Bipartisanship? Why? You Demorats f#cked the whole system up All By Yourselves, with a little help from Ostupid @POTUS44 !!!
When is Manifort, Flynn and Trump family going to ve arrested?
If it needs to be fixed why was it passed and forced on us in the first place? That leads me to believe you are not qualified for this job.
give us the same health care bill  the  govement has it is allready in place
#ACA architect admitted to misleading, deceiving & LYING to millions of  voters.#ACA should've been REPEALED then
Translated: Universal Health Care for the 'masses'...just as long as us in the ruling class dont have to wait for rationed care
Full Repeal!
What problems? Obamacare works great!
Get Obamacare repeal! It's garbage ins w/ crazy premiums. U need to work together to repeal
Working together. Just like you did when you rammed through Obamacare, right?
170 GOP amendments.
Not 1 vote from a Republican. 
Lost the 60th vote (MA) so they used parliamentary tricks, and rammed it through Christmas Eve.Nobody read it
Just like 2009?
Didn't "working together" get us in this mess?
Thought you had it all fixed; saw you celebrating the other night.
That's Demorats for you, @SenatorDurbin #ILJoke celebrating a Political win without doing ANYTHING substantive to fix it!!
Boy, the "period" really convinced me. Before that I thought you were full of crap and all rhetoric. So we agree #Obamacare sucks?
Yes our nation was built on compromise. Why is that so difficult for politicians to grasp. I keep hearing about respect but I never see it.
You helped create it with Obamacare. This is on you.
So why the hell have you been refusing to do so?
Obamacare was supposed to solve everything.  Period.
Haven't you and others like you been touting what a success #Obamacare supposedly is???
Yes it was a sham bill that the R's in the Senate really didn't want to pass but lacked the moral courage to do the right thing!
Can the Senate work together to get Trump OUT?  Please?
the only way anything gets done the right way is to work as a team. Everyone knows teamwork is the best way to get things done except WH
Dems have a list of bills with ACA fixes ready and waiting! Just have to be allowed by GOP to start hearings.
Working together like in 2009 when you lied through your teeth and wouldn't let the GOP in the room? You mean that working together?
@nytopinion @DLeonhardt #LetACAImplode problems solved!
Obamacare is  good Program started by someone who wanted to remove pre-existing conditions  Right not a Privilege   America knows that 
Retire. That would be a good start.
Really? Did Dems work with ANY Repubs to CREATE the ACA problems in our healthcare sys? But NOW y'all have to work together? Hypocrite much?
FIFY: Government intervention and regulation are the real problems facing our healthcare system. Period.
Then do it promise to delete Obamacare 
@nytopinion @DLeonhardt @nytimes so start working together~ something you never did in #illinois & assisted in R destruction
ACA corrected those problems, that's what you said 7-1/2 years ago.
No more tax money on subsidies or premium reduction.  Compromising is 50 50 dude.
Can we start by acknowledging that for MANY,paying directly for medical care is cheaper than paying 3rd party insurer?
OBAMA "CARED" WAS the massive lies that I, like U, didn't want to believe there wasn't any justification: THAT's EXACTLY WHY when he fueled-
- noozes - VIA HIS TWITTER which I FOLLOWED - I WANT SO BADLY - LIKE EVERYONE ELSE, TO BELIEVE HIM - CHECK TWITTER PRIVATE TWEETS ARCHIVES
CHECK IT BEFORE OBAMA CRONIES IN NSA DELETE IT
WORSE: DO NOT LEAD THE COUNTRY TO FALL FOR A DANGEROUS NATIONAL SECURITY FAKE FILES - RIGGED WITH TIMED BOMBS
YOUR DEFINITION OF WORKING TOGETHER IS DOING THINGS THE WAY THE DEMS/LIBS WANT IT, PERIOD.
The way to fix it is to get all on Obamacare. Trust me, you'll fix it then.
That's bull and u know it..
Where's I can keep my insurance fit into your plan..
But you won't work together.
Ah, so that's why you and the Dems shoved through #Obamacare w/o any Republican support. Ok, got it.
Then why is it that dems refuse to work with top. They only sit bitching & crying. Not doing ANYTHING
So the ACA has "real problems"?
Good to know you'll finally admit that.

Odd you think the designers of that are who should fix it too.
The only way to "fix" it is for you give up taxpayer supplied healthcare/ins & buy ACA state exchange from state you rep w/your own $$$.
Oh you admit Obamacare sucks
Helps create healthcare problem - obstructs efforts to undo the cause of problem - then says we need to work together to fix it. Classic.
Maybe if the dems had "worked together" the first time it wouldn't need "fixing real problems" now.
When you say work together you really mean do as we say. Period.
Talk is cheap. When was the last time you Dems worked with the other side? You always expect to jump when you say so.
If it ain't broke @SenatorDurbin why fix it?
Thank you, Senator.
Bet you didn't think that when you were in the majority.
Healthcare is a personal responsibility; that's how natural selection works for humans. The gov't is interfering with nature.
Healthcare is not the taxpayers' responsibility. Quit trying to make us pay for healthcare for those who don't pay taxes.
You didn't work together to create these problems. Perhaps Congress can take a pay cut to fund Obamacare. That'd help!
You claim 30M will lose coverage. #FAKENEWS
11.4 million people are expected to be in Obamacare policies during 2017
Don't we now have Obamacare?
True, true, Senator. I've said this all along
Liberals define "working together" as "do it my way."
Apparently 170 amendments from the GOP isn't enough?
There are no problems.  #itsworking and #itsthelaw.
But, but...what could possibly be wrong with such a great system?  Other than, Dr's and insurance companies leaving, the lies...it's awesome
Could you cite the clause in the Constitution that permits the federal govt to regulate healthcare? Doesn't appear as an enumerated power.

A total Dem healthcare debacle & you want the Republicans to blame. What hypocrisy. Get rid of the forced mandate & penalty. Freedom works.
Like @TheDemocrats worked with Republicans when you passed your disastrous Obamacare?

Hack
That wasn't a problem 7yrs ago?
Someone write that for you Turban, we know you can't even spell "working"....
Because you guys are so cooperative.....#fullofcrap
Didn't the solver of all problems create ACA? That's right, Obama and ONLY Democrats created that shit hole that is ACA.
Tge crackhead wants insurance co money
Why is it you're only interested in bipartisanship when your party is not in power?
And finally, do you consider it a "problem" that free citizens are forced to engage in commerce against their will?
Another question: If single payer is the magic formula, why didnt you pass it back in 2010 instead of "problem" ObamaCare? #PharmaDonors
Someone call his office his Twitter account appears to be hacked.
You mean you need the Republicans to bail out the mess called Obamacare that you shoved down our throats
Real problems? You created a 2,000 page law that you barely read beforehand and this was the result.
Here's a solution: get the goddamned government OUT of it.
I thought Obamacare was supposed to fix the problems @SenatorDurbin that's what you and @BarackObama told us #Liars
Gee, maybe you should have done that before ramming ODUMDASSCARE down the American taxpayers throat !
I would love to hear ideas from my two Senators. What do you have in mind?
Where's my $2,500?
$2500 x 7, I do believe you mean.  Right @POTUS44?
If you think you're going to get a trillion dollar bail out for Obamacare you are high.
Working together means our way or no go. Y'all all suck so quit pointing fingers at each other.
- like you & the rest of the Dems " worked " w/ the GOP to get this crap passed n the first place ? A pox on all your houses.
time to finally practice what you preach.
Working together, as long as you agree with everything I say.
term limits heralding the removal of criminals like yourself from both parties would help.
"Regular order" was designed like the Constitution: both intended to manage differing perspect resulting in a workable real compromise
Did I hear you saying that back in 2009 when the Obamacare lie was first shoved down our throats? Maybe not.
So that means you will no longer exempt #Congress from #Obamacare nor any other corporation right?#RepealObamacare
MORNING READ: Working together is the only way to solve the real problems facing our health care system. Period. https://twitter.com/nytopinion/status/890971626363334656 …
Would have been cool if that was your attitude in '09 when you had power and rammed Obamacare down America's throat
Thanks Dick,
Could you be specific about the problems Obamacare faces? What ideas you like to fix it?
you lied and got away with it, are you proud of winning like that?
According to your party, Olosercare is working as it was meant to. So, what's to fix or do you just run your mouth?

Where's that $2500 Savings that was promised?
You beat me to it 
https://twitter.com/joelfine/status/891325216265093120 …
If your great Ocare had been optional from the start- so dems could buy it and enjoy the high premiums/decuctibles- no prob would happen
Republicans healthcare bill sucks millions of Americans wouldn't have Medicaid Republicans need to impeach Trump
How are you going to work with GOP when your party's only strategy is to work against anything Trump does?
Or are Dems going to continue to ignore the millions negatively effected by #ACA while making up lies like 'millions will die with repeal'?
Does this mean DNC is willing to admit the real problems? Like people who lost doctors, whose premiums and deductibles tripled?
Remember when #Obamacare came out, solved all your problems and was the best thing ever? What needs fixing again?
The healthcare debate is over until after midterms, you decided status quo was better than proposed changes.  Next issue.
To all Dems-It's working it's way thru system & getting better. STOP saying it has so many flaws. ACA is best thing to happen since Medicare
Sue Trump to force him to follow the laws of ACA. As Paul Ryan said, ACA is the Law of the Land. Let it work.
Executive has immense latitude in enforcement, Obama never enforced laws he disagreed with.  That's what the AG is for, to provide cover.
No one above the law. If Pres breaks the law, he can be sued, prosecuted, etc.
Obama had no problem disregarding the laws he disagreed with.  Precedent has been set.
Premiums were starting 2 level off as more ppl got insured-Takes time-Was moving in right direction. Trump fouling it up. Breaking the law.
Now that's just plain ridiculous, premiums were starting to level out? They're still skyrocketing, especially with fewer and fewer providers
They're skyrocketing because of TRUMP. We saw them leveling off, not increasing as much through 2016, until Trump became nominee & then Pres
They were skyrocketing long before Trump won the election.  And we have had nothing but double digit national average premium increases.
Dickie....according to YOU Obamacare is a great HC solution. Let's let it run its course & see what happens.
Right now biggest problem facing health care system is Trump breaking the law by refusing to pay/advertise/support ACA requirements.
Huh? I thought that was what yhe ACA was for. So you failed right?
Yes hope you can all work together for the good of our country
Partisanship approach to solving problems is not working
Dem & Rep owe it to to find solutions together
Not one of you sniveling Democrat cowards voted to help rid America of the disaster you created. What's this working together crap?
Ha, working with Marxists is why we are in this boat in the first place! Worked real well to get Obama care passed I see.
Working with you translates to throwing billions of dollars at it with no guarantee that it will work. Obamacare was flawed from beginning
In 2009 you said Obamacare would "solve the real problems facing our health care system."
So now you want help fixing the mess you created. That's rich.
Is it so difficult to create a plan republicans and democrats can believe in? Let's start with "I don't wanna die"  and work from there
LOL! He's full of shit. Working together for Dickie D. is when it's Dems way or the highway.
But you and obama said obamacare would fix everything. What happens?
It would be nice to see some leadership in Washington.
You can start by stop having the hubris of thinking you can manage a market from DC
Wait...Obamacare was supposed to save healthcare
Are the Presidents tweets this morning grounds for  impeachment coersing GOP to change rules that govern the Senate?
If the House wants them to be, thereby attracting primary challenges from angry Trumpists. No impeachment before 2018. They won't risk it.
You only "work together" with the other Corruptocrats against the will and best interests of the people.
Wait...I thought obama fixed everything
You are not solving anything; you corrupt people are devising new ways to split the $ to line the pockets of your political contributors 
You said you fixed it. Shouldn't you be focused on tickle torture?
Because Obamacare doesn't fix the underlying problem of our healthcare system and that is cost.
We also have the problem of access. Almost 30M americans still do not have insurance.
#SenatorDurbin  Now that's a new approach!  trouble is you've shown nothing but obstructionism.  We're pay'n for this stuff.
Still salivating at the thought of single payer huh, Dick?
When you have a POTUS who only wants to foster hate and divisiveness  and is teaching the world to do the same, I pray.
I know, thank God that racist Obama is gone
You have had a great deal of time to reform the shortcomings of ACA, and ignored it. Now you thump your chest, implying that this is overdue
Why don't you all work together to remove Trump? You preach change but ignore the real issue. Change leadership.
I thought the ACA fixed everything?
But really I'm glad you're willing to work on fixing it.
Not when 2018 rolls around.
I thought Obamacare fixed everything?
TRUE!
