you care more for criminals than our kids? Shame on u to defend crack dealers at the expense of our people
a drug dealer, 3 times offender belongs in jail.
sure, deal drugs, kill people while others work hard to rehabilitate u?How about being a responsible adult?
if you noticed I was not talking about users but dealers. It seems u have difficulty following
low level dealers don't elude the police and toss a half kilo of crack 93k worth of crack.
all ypu talk about Durbin is dreamers and illegals.  Start caring about Americans and our veterans.
Tomorrow, Please ask why this guy's the ultimate pollution extremist & wants to be our AG, really?
Christians are being slaughtered by radicals Obama & dems like @SenatorDurbin ignore their cries for help.
@SenatorSessions #ConfirmSessions
Shouts out to @SenatorDurbin asking the good questions shouts out to @SenatorSessions also, the people want the truth! LOVE EVEYONE! - Lil B
you inspired me to rap, check out ma mix tape maen. THANK YOU BASED GOD
Try encouraging the Senator to stand up for the AMERICANS who pay his salary.
You're not considering the COSTS of them being here. AMERICANS elected him, not illegals.
The Democrat party continues to shrink in no small part bcs of this very issue.
Good point. And it doesn't help that the right & left rarely meet in the middle on issues.
I wonder how often > @SenatorDurbin goes shopping in an all-Black neighborhood? So many “Non Racists” & so many Hypocrites!
DICKHEAD Durbin doesn't want American kids to Dream Only lawbreakers!
thanks for asking the tough questions. Sessions is no good for America!
Please vote against Sen Sessions. His record against civil rights makes him unfit.
can you outline some highlights of that record for me?
Here is his voting record on civil rights related issues. http://www.ontheissues.org/Domestic/Jeff_Sessions_Civil_Rights.htm …
I see a list of votes on bills that many people participated in. Anything that shows his personal beliefs?
Actions speak louder than words.
But don't take into account the will of his constituents which is why something relevant 2 his personal beliefs would be best
We the people fully expect Sen. Sessions to be our next great AG; something we have not had for 8 years!
We are watching back home. Please oppose this nomination.
All you talked about was illegals & refugees, what about AMERICANS?  Unbelievable.
Lie..FBI and DNI said they can NOT vet the Syrian refugees. @SenatorDurbin uses humans as puppets. #ConfirmSessions 
 @SenatorSessions
Based on his answers to your questions during your meeting& DOJ investig of Chicago police, pls vote NO on Sessions ZIP 60614
I wonder how often Ding Dong  @SenatorDurbin goes shopping in an all-Black neighborhood? 
So many “Non Racists” & so many 
>>>> Hypocrites!!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for always retaining your humanity and fairness and seeing people as human beings.
it has to really be uncomfortable with your head so far up your ass.  How do you do it?
great job today senator durbin!!!
Give Sessions the thumbs up. He is not a racist as you democrats claim.
Thank you for how you masterfully handled the hearing today.
NO to @SenatorSessions, we are watching the votes carefully! 
pleaded the 5th during.questioning by Sen. Durbin,
Please oppose Sessions for AG. He has a racist, sexist, pro-corp history. Can't be trusted as AG. Pls Insist on 30 hr debate.
Good Job Mr. Durbin. As a Chicago native & a current Springfield resident, you showed grit today. Thank U.
You did a great job, Sen. Durbin. Sessions showed his true colors. #StopSessions
Thanks for asking the tough questions Senator Durbin.
Fight like hell for us Senator Durbin! We got your back!
I did . I'm sure you are proud of the time and effort you spend protecting the rights of crack dealers.
Sen Durbin cares more about illegals than he does  4 Amers. R  kids R paying too much 4 college. Free 4 DOCA
http://investmentwatchblog.com/chicago-voted-1-city-for-illegal-immigrant-criminals-and-sanctuary-safe-zones/ …
Senator Durbin, you are a fraud! You lost! And you got run over by that Trump Train! Stop the whining! #Let'sMakeAmericaGreatAgain
Dude.  You looked like a fool @SenatorDurbin . 
Confirm @SenatorSessions
Irony, U sit in judgement on judiciary committee, yet Illinois is in defiance of immigration law.  Hypocrite
Ask #Sessions if he believes institutional #racism exists and to name 3 examples      #AttorneyGeneral #confirmationhearings
Amnesty does not work.  Regan gave amnesty 2 three million, today its 15 million, doesn't serve this country
<- you should be more concerned about the outrageous number of murders in your state than illegals @SenatorSessions
Y do U waste committee time w/opinions that lost the election?  U concern yourself more w/illegals than us
durbin what have you done last 8 years about illegal immigration Not a damn thing. Dems are now powerless
You do NOT represent us in Illinois. You serve the Democrat party. Leave the Republican party. We all know.
Senator Durban, your job is to represent the AMERICAN people who pay your salary, not illegal aliens. STOP
We R watching. We R listening. We R involved.
it's senators like you that will destroy this country. You have no respect for law and order.
you should go home & try cleaning up the mess in your own state!
senator like you who clearly oppose laws of our land needs to be lock up for treason!
Thank you, Senator Durbin. Keep fighting for what's right.
i am watching and Sen. Sessions absolutely answered your question about the 800,000 DACA people.
Devote yourself to Americans citizens, as you should.
fix Chicago jackoff before you dare criticize a real patriot.. another IL thug
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for the hard questions on #DACA. @SenatorSessions's answer was really disheartening. @lisamurkowski @SenDanSullivan
Well done today Sen Durbin! Challenging but respectful questioning. Not sure where your yahoo twitter followers come from- not humane IL.
Sir, I am asking that you please VOTE TO APPROVE Senator Sessions today. He is very qualified to be the AG.
look up the word "Illegal"  why do you side with criminals over American citizens. 
 @SenatorSessions
- Thank you for your tough questioning of @SenatorSessions & for showing that there are serious concerns with his nomination.
Please vote against him. He is the antithesis of what Americans want for Attorney General.
Thank you for the tough questions posed to Sessions. Please vote against Sessions!!
as per typical Dem more cc by 800K here illegally @SenatorSessions said the duty of the Atty. Gen is to enforce the law.
We are a country of laws not a country of letting illegals stay so that the democrats can stay in power
Great Job Sen. Durbin!  Thank you sincerely
So, Dems, libs promote amnesty for Dreamers, illegal aliens; disregard, disrespect, ignore legal immigrants?
he didn't answer about the undocumented!!
he's inhumane and eradicating himself from the issue as AG he isn't AG yet so answer the ???'s
Lots of people leaving Illinois.
Dear Mr Durbin illegals are illegal Americans don't want to continue to pay for illegals we are tired of it
proving you care more about lawlessness than following the law, but that's what you get from IL
Sen Durbin  digging up the spinmaster's individuals to stand up as he reads the spins. Ask better questions
Sen. Durbin slaying the nominee.
#Sessionshearing
Watching and you're fantastic! DREAM THAT THIS GUY FORSNT GET IN! Keep up the good work!
vote no
a crack cocaine dealer is a menace to society. Why do you want these criminals on our streets?
Especially a three time offender, doesn't make sense. Let's just not have any laws
BRAVO  #altonmills having him as guest what #jeffsessions horrible comments re: #reform @potus #confirmationhearing
#NoSessions #noKKK #notmyorangepresident
DEMOCRATS INSTITUTED AND RAN THE JIM CROW SOUTH!!
say no to Sessions!


yeah. That's a source.
