Please Sen. Durbin, please bring gun control to our country. How many more people have to die?
So which of 10.000 plus gun laws in USA you don't like it and would like to change it? Criminals don't care about laws. When you will get it
Automatic weapons and high-capacity magazines do not belong in civilian hands. Period.
Why not. Please state in bill of rights where it says that.
Pls state where in the 2nd amend it says individuals outside a well REGULATED militia have a right to carry automatic aussalt weapons.
There is no such a thing called assault WEAPON. Guns are OBJECTS. Can't assault you. There is semi-automatic and select fire rifles.

"Constitution is not a living organism it's a legal document"
That CAN be changed or amended to suit the current environment! We no longer have muskets.
By taking away the rights of its citizens? Foolish knee jerk reaction
Your RIGHTS  no longer matter at this point! Too many innocent lives are gone because of your rights! We need sensible cha
Voter, speech, religion..?
Maybe like the laws in Chicago?
I voted for you. I hope you will be introducing and/or supporting gun control laws.
Yes, because they've proven to be so effective in Chicago.
Do you live here? Our gun violence problems are thanks to Indiana. The answer isn't "get rid of all regs," it's federal regs.
Oh, it's INDIANA's fault.  Of course. And yes, I do live here and your answer is BS.
Oh?
Durban, after all his years in politics still hasn't figured out that laws do not stop criminals.
But we didn't do anything about terrorism after 9/11, did we? Oh wait. We did. We went to war
Then please don't hesitate !! Do your job! Gun control makes sense for everyone.
The best thing Sen. Dick Durban can do to help America is to resign and go home ASAP.
Ager iyrn to him talk to Jeff Session this morning  couldn't agree with you more.
Thank you Senator! It's the Repubs u have to convince! They r the ones with all the blood on their hands!!
Funny, it wasn't a Republican that pulled the trigger in LV, or Nashville, or D.C. or Orlando...should I go on?
And u assume that? Cite facts! All Rs are murderers because they put NRA before sane gun restrictions on assault weapons!
Assault weapons are ALREADY banned, so...should we ban them again? 
Um that ban dissolved a few yrs back do to apathy in CONgress.
You can't buy full auto without background checks. Only semi-auto are available to purchase. In IL, background checks required for FOID/CCL.
Hum thanks! I guess they can get the attachment to make them automatic like the evil one in LV.
Get mad at NEVADA and its lax gun laws. No FEDERAL law would have prevented this!
Bull crap. I am an Illinois resident and you are a joke.
We also don’t need politicians who look to profit from every tragedy in this nation. Now is not the time to be pushing the issue when people
Are suffering from loss and the emotional impact of this tragedy...
You mean there’s no law against murder already?  Oh there is but people still do it?  So wtf is a new law gonna do?  Appease dumb people!
Please answer your own question, @SenatorDurbin. As my Senator , what are you doing to keep me, and others, safe?  I look to you for ACTION!
Absolutely. Being an Illinois Senator you know how bad gun violence is in Chicago and other Illinois suburbs.
How about Chicago?
Make it Happen Soon!
By taking guns away from law abiding citizens and allowing criminals to have guns? What? Are you THAT STUPID?
You can not control mad people. Crooks and people of ill will can get guns anytime they want them. You will never control black market.
What about all the laws that are already on the books? Did they stop bad people from being bad? No. But knee jerk lefties keep spewing #MAGA
#VoteDemocratic2018  It's our only hope.
like in Chicago?
Can you though? This stuff has been going for a long time now and you haven't done anything so far....
What a f...no hack!
Yes! Pls work with all @SenateDems  & @SenateGOP to pass sensible gun laws to #MakeAmericaSafeAgain ASAP #EnoughIsEnough #noNRA$
Yes yes,  do it! Also lets hear all pols tell$$ from nra, give $$ back and not take nra blood money again. End nra quid pro quo
How’s that working out in Chicago?
Please do this. Right away. Thanks!
Control. Maybe we should calling it gun sense and responsibility!!!!!!!
This IS the time to talk about gun c
Sir you need to present bill for gun safety regulations How can the Las Vegas idiot buy 19 automatic rifles besides ammunition
What laws would that be?  Take a look at Chicago’s and Illinois’ restrictive gun laws.  Chicago is one of the deadliest cities in America
This from a US Senator that hates our military.

Like laws have made Chicago safer, right?
Hell hell hell WARNING DEMOCRATS WHAT IMMGRATION REFUGESS
KEEP OUT OF IMMGTATION CIZTEN AGAINST TERROR 
KKEEP OUT OF IMMGRATION REFUGEES
What laws can you pass?
Yes, you can.....
I see NRA has released its social media trolls. Bravo gentlemen, bravo.
Laws are fine. It's the people who are ridiculous
Show me one LAW in Chicago that has worked or even made a difference! WINDOW DRESSING for votes, That's All.

Isn't amazing that when tragity happens the Democrats run straight for GUN CONTROL. No amount of LAWS will stop someone wanting to die EVER
I saw your efforts to stop Benczkowski nomination for assistant attorney general.please continue that effort in the full Senate.
use your influence in the Senate to stop approval of Brian BenczKowski's nomination for assistant attorney general. He works with Putin.
TY Senator
Vote NO on #silencer bill. 
End #GUNviolence #guncontrollnow
Then ban assault guns in the USA
Didn't take long for politicians to try to use this tragedy for some leverage.  Let's focus on the families right now. Same old, same old.
Fat chance that'll be happening with deplorable GOP in charge, they love their NRA money too much.
NRA donated over $36 million dollars to Trump campaign.  Go figure, nothing will be done.  Afraid of NRA
No, you can pass laws to disarm good guys, while the bad guys continue to ignore your laws...look at Chicago. God Bless
It's not too soon for the victims. Keep fighting.
Pass responsible regulations now. "A well regulated militia....."
Assault weapons do not belong on the street. Congress needs to act, now.
Let's advance a plan for firearms similar to cigarettes.  Gradual tax increases over time. $100,000 EACH over time
The Senate couldn't pass a law requiring water to be wet, Harry Reid destroyed the Senate with considerable help from you.
Divider Dick NOT one of the sharpest knives in the drawer. Tell us gun owners what you propose that will prevent gun violence against people
@GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP - Even NRA members (not their leadership) believe in commonsense gun controls - how many more Americans must die?
Yes!
How about gun control in Chicago?  Oh they already gun control.
Congress must enact laws to stop assault weapons and guns being in the hands of criminals and insane people.
We Ha e seen 160k people murdered in US since 2000. But it's only 1 at a time so it's no big deal. Now you want more gun control. Seriously?
Look at #Chicago. Chicago has many gun laws.  What is Chicago doing about that? Setting up santuary city? @FoxNews @TonyPhyrillas
Which kills more, gun shops or Abortion clinics? What part of shall not be infringed don't you understand???
Nothing will change until we unseat the GOP who's pockets the NRA is lining to ensure soft gun laws!
Gun control please
You have failed in IL with gun control for years. Your a #failure and #hated by real #americans everywhere #swampmonster
This senator is full of himself
I don't see how, a lot of you guys let the NRA bully you
Hey Durbin, when are you and the other screwballs going to crack down on the criminals with guns and not the law abiding citizens?
Senator Durban, you have always been one of my favorite people.  You do a fantastic job.
You can, but you won't. You control my cough medicine purchases, but let someone own a countless amount of guns. Get it right! This isn't.
No you can't Chicago has the strictest gun control laws and has a shooting every 12 min.
Because another law against murder would stop them...
Well, what's stopping you?
Criminals dont follow the laws!
I bet a National Healtchare system will provide more safety than any gun law. The 2nd is there for a reason, don't touch it.
Thank you #Dotherightthing
THAT'S RIGHT! 
IF U ALL CAN'T GET IT TOGETHER 2 PROTECT US, WE WILL FIND NEW LEGISLATORS WHO WILL!
DONORS DONT KEEP U IN OFFICE, WE DO!!!

The Congress that let the Childrens Health Insurance Program lapse are as guilty of murder as the perpetrator of the #LasVegasShooting
The real question is will you pass any meaningful laws with so many in the pocket of the NRA?  Will they be willing to give up that donation, get slammed, be exposed for the good of the country?  My guess is no.
No one needs to have that many guns period. Be able to walk them into a hotel. I'm all for 2nd Amendment able to defend yourself& Family BUT
If you dont like being free then move to another country.
a disrespectful opportunist
The NRA wont allow it
Then do it, Senator.
thought it was already illegal to kill people, are you going to make it twice as illegal, let me know how that works out
Here's a thought: negotiate a 5-year trial of gun control. If nothing changes, everyone gets their guns back. If murders/suicides fall, QED.
Nobody's giving up their guns. We don't want a militarized police force. Why did Vegas allow a venue under a high rise in post 911 America?
Please do something to stop all of those with guns
I'm impressed at how your colleagues were paying attention. Apparently remotely from their 3 martini lunches.
More empty words. Nothing is EVER done.
Pls stop Republicans from legalizing silencers and armor piercing bullets!

He was my dr & on Schindler list.son in Chgo found out.Made him talk. Book B AMensch' Read Torah@ age 4.Al Believe Hitler! He's 91 Ty
Maybe start with education and mental health care availability.
Frend eli Weizel, Dr Alexander b white. Holocust survivor. Utube. He's in Arizona phone book. Message neverLetIt happen again'belongCongress
I think what you mean to say is you're proposing to amend the constitution. That's the only way to get what you want.
I don't care if we hurt the #NRA sensitive feelings. We must create a national gun registry that records every gun transaction.
You've gotten too comfortable. Do your fucking job, @SenatorDurbin.
Please do it ASAP before more lives are senselessly list
You play on this for the Democratic party. I am a veteran and you have never helped us!!
PLEASE DO!
You can't pass health care, tax reform or anything who are you kidding
Can’t legislate safety, you certainly can’t legislate healthcare! The best thing Congress can do is tax reform.
Right. Chgo tuffest gun laws. Explain that dicky
There's been 527 gun deaths in Chicago this year. That's 8.5x the dead in Vegas. 

You're not being political are you? Shut up, fix Chicago!
We also need a licensing program ensuring legitimate purchases of chemicals used to make "dirty" bombs.
Yes #America knows you're not a casual observer @SenatorDurbin but a snake in the grass opportunist with Ice in your morally bankrupt veins!
You already did that now you have to enforce them
We thank you @SenatorDurbin for your thoughts and actions! Majority of us are with you to Make America Safer Today and Always!
Good - Will you support comprehensive gun control laws? Background checks, smaller clips, restrictions on semi-automatics, annual permitting
You can not stop a crazy Person .He could have used a car or a  plane .. Stop this !
Make no mistake,  anything lass than real gun control laws is unacceptable.
We have a screwed up system folks
Why not consult Chicago gun laws. Toughest in America. They are working so well
Like the NRA gives an actual sht about Chicago gun violence, as long as guns are being sold, it all good for them #Greedy #Cowards
Oh ya and self medicating his bipolar with majurana AND the court knows it. Oh boy thank God for ourr court system
Why should a person with 4 times diagnosed bipolar have the rights of gun ownership. Because our courts are idiots
STOP your bullshit of gun laws, let's pull all guns from diagnosed mental people.
GUN. CONTROL. NOW.
Everybody keeps saying that. Do you know the current laws? Laws only stop people that abide by them.
Rights come with responsibilities.

If you're not being responsible you're not being American. How's that?
Durbin and others on the left just have to politicize this tragedy. Chicago is the murder capital of America and have the strictest gun laws
I want to hear a Republican say this!!!
Then let's pass guns laws that reflect the 21st continued miss-use of guns by white males. We look to you for sponsorship.
I'm on your side Sen, but until u change *can* to *will*, Senate And House should shut the eff up.
just do what you say you are going to do. nothing worse than a hypocrite.
We no longer holiday in USA....too dangerous...Canadian couple
TAKE ACTION!  Enough words!  Pass tangible legislation that will prevent these atrocities from occurring again!
So many politicians have been bought by the gun lobby that even this heartbreaking tragedy will change nothing. IT MUST STOP! HELP!!!
Until America decides that lives matter more than the 2nd Amendment, nothing will get done.
Yes, because all the gun control in Chicago is doing wonders at curbing all those murders.  Just like making drugs illegal.
So tell me, how safe and gun free is Chicago?  Gun control isn't about guns, it's about control. Criminals don't follow laws
Yes Congress are the people who are suppose to do something. Instead the send sympathy, who will do something?
Then please act. Thank you!
And DON'T let the silencer bill through.  Put the lives of all Citizens of US to save the hearing of some hunters?  Give me a BREAK!!
Anything that was created and enhanced for the purpose of making a soldier,a more affective killing machine on the battle field.has no place
Believe it or not, all these acts of violence are illegal already.
Please, do.
Come and take 'em @SenatorDurbin ! Guns used in LV were already illegal. More gun control wouldn't have stopped this. #MolonLabe
Liar. NRA troll.
Not a member of the NRA. Just a proud 2A supporter. But name call if it makes you feel better. 
Then we can have sanctuary cities for our rifles and have undocumented firearms since its apparently ok to ignore federal laws
The Las Vegas shooting was a tragedy. It's even more tragic for Illinois to have an idiot for a Senator that uses this to push gun control.
What law would change this? This guy broke a dozen or so laws before he even started shooting. The 59 counts of murder didnt matter either
No where to hide from crazy. You can’t pass a bill but you think you can fix crazy ? Shut up and do your job
If it turns out this guy was motivated by all of the Democrats hateful rhetoric toward Trump Supporters, will you be toning down the hate?
Aren’t you from Illinois, the state with one of the most dangerous cities, Chicago, in the US?
Name one. Just one.
Yes please. It's about time.
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, do it.
Thank you senator! Please keep fighting for us!!
Let's use the actions of an evil person to push an agenda.
Can you control the illegal guns sold on the streets?
Never let a good tradgey go to waste huh, Dick?
Soothing us or setting us up Dick? It’s always a setup, you don’t do anything that’s not political.
Banning lobbyist donations prevents the expectation of donors like the NRA. Then maybe stronger gun control will pass.
President Obama’s had a ban on contributions from lobbyists. The DNC supposedly ended that ban.
Why does it look like nobody is ever in the chamber? Talking to the walls just to get recorded?
Blah blah blah
How about starting with politicians on both sides stop taking campaign donations from the NRA?
National. Gun. Registry. And. Digital. Database. #PolicyChangeforAmerica
You mean like the Nazis did then came and took the guns? No thank you Nazi
"It's time everyone take a step back and breath. We can't listen to each other when we're insulting each other. Time to fix our problems."
SenRYOUAWAREOF CONNECTION BETWEEN TRUMP/PUTIN/RUSSIA GOP/RUSSIAN COMRADES?NOTE:NO MENTIONS BY TRUMP OF THINGS NEG RE:PUTIN!
Yes!! Please make this change reality.
I don't think gun laws can get any stricter. Someone will find a way to kill with guns regardless if they want to.
I'm your constituent. You should've passed gun control laws between 2009-2010. I hope you present laws now and run on them in 2018-20.
How about starting by defeating the ridiculous, ghastly silencer bill. #NRABloodMoney
I wrote my Senators and Rep. today!  Ghastly, indeed!
Silencers are a courtesy for neighbors, they don't function like the movies.  Please know the facts before calling for laws.
You got a way to ensure people follow the rules like not killing others?
How dare someone with body guards lecture us about gun control.
We support you Senator. Don't stop until we get this done.
Sadly, as long as Mitch McConnell and other Republicans remain b
owned by the NRA, gun reform will never happen. #LasVegas
Dont need to. Already law against having fully auto rifles. So where did he get them? Enough laws as is and they cant enforce what we have
Yeah, and all the laws you passed have made Chicago a real safe place.  You need mental health just like all these shooters! #GetAClue
How? The firearms used were illegal. The shooter had a clean record. Gun control doesn't work.
Sure is working for Chicago right?
Yes Sir but I say #EradicateAllGunsNow except for the military and this will never happen again.  Destroy the 2nd amendment!!
But @SenateGOP need the @NRA campaign financing. $$$  and our well armed Militia rule.
You r your own worst enemy.
We have strict laws, but the liberal judges don’t enforce the penalties.
Your doing a bang up job in Illinois!! Dick!
Dems need to be quiet on this one- Repubs are in control and can handle this killing- however they chose to- don’t let them focus on Dems!
@ChicagosMayor #Absurd! How about #Chicago, Dick? W/the toughest gun laws in America, Chicagoans endure carnage this everyday? 
#2A #NRA
So there's no criminals in Australia? They have control that works. I'm not favoring a total ban, but doing nothing keeps us where we are.
For starters, there are 23M people in Australia and 230M in the US.
No reason in the world for civilians to have access to semi automatic weapons.


You wouldn't know anything about what is good for America.
For sure. This guy is a loon that we are stuck with here. Chicago is a war zone, and he's talking about passing more gun laws. #idiot
So we should have gun control like in Chicago and California? How's that working out? 
Stop politicizing this horrible event.
All they have to do is cross the state line to buy. Gun laws should be same thruout the US! Makes too much sense though!
How about we start educating people about firearm safety, rather than banning them. Knowledge is power.
Banning semi automatic,as well as automatic should be priority 1. Mandatory education & licensing 2 Nationwide registration of gun owners 3
automatics are already banned, murder is banned. why would another law work? We need to look at a new avenue
You guys are so freakin paranoid that your gun will be taken! So ridiculous and senseless! Just common sense gun laws is all we ask!
Please tell me what this common sense law is. From what we've seen in our previous discussion, it doesn't make much sense.
Then re- read what i said. U just keep repeating same NRA crap!
