Trump pulls Obamacare help in Chicago, 17 other cities: http://cra.in/r3BE9SV 
Damn. Constitution requires president to "take care that the laws be faithfully executed." Breach of oath issue, yet what will Cong GOP do?
This Mob corruption at it's finest. They all gotta go & that means a lot of the GOP ("Greed Over People" party) is corrupt too.
Trump should be replaced by Mike Pence in a heartbeat ! Maybe same disease, but less painful!!
Looks like it's GO TIME to get people registered for the ACA @dnc @TomPerez @keithellison.  Show what you stand for
Making the law fail is illegal.   As is using funds appropriated for #ACA to be used for ads against it.
I don't think SHitler gives a fig what's legal. He and the @GOP do what they damn well please. LAWS are only for other people.
And they will continue 2 do so until a select few @GOP stand against this atrocity. It will only take a few to change the tides
THen stand with #TheResistance and fight to remove him
@Mompreneur_of_3 @POTUS this guy has NO morals
Another case for impeachment. Wilfully failing to uphold ACA while it is still law.
Exactly. Stuff like this is so important and he's getting it done while no one is looking.

Their 'vision' is obscene
So many people are in the poor house and will never catch up!
Idea that tRump is taking active measures to hurt Americans should be grounds for treason.
The Constitution is clear on this: Article II, Sec 3, the "Take Care" clause. President must fully enforce all laws passed by Congress.
Never read anything in the Constitution that guaranteed govt mandated health insurance or medical care. Nope, simply not there.
If you want Healthcare you have to buy insurance, government insurances a little cheaper. If u have cash I am sure they will take it.
They will and by law, health care providers can't refuse service to self-pay patients. Did it for many years.
How can he do that???? We don't a anything replacing it. Unless they passed his god awful gop plan. Please tell me this didn't happen.
That's what they're trying to pass!!! WONT GIVE SENATORS EXACT DETAILS....stated CAPITAL HILL IN CHAOS!!
Crap. Well spiser resigned and so did trumps attorney.  I'm not surprised about the chaos. This administration is outrageous.  Poor America
Yes, citizens are who is SUFFERING!! Trump will soon be left to scrub the toilets himself! Lol
He'd need directions. I don't think he's ever worked a day in his life.
Can you train volunteers @SenatorDurbin to help w/ sign-ups so enrollment doesn't fall?
The goal is to undermine support
Obama did nothing for your country 
All he did was Obamacare which is a disease instead of a care 
I hope you can get rid of that
In violation of thid
Stop with the sensationalism! POTUS is actually doing all of us a favor and putting a stop to OBAMA-CRAP!
Republicans have been doing their best to sabotage the ACA. What the hell is wrong with them? How can they be so cruel to those in need?
This is pure spite and hatefulness for not getting what Trump wants. Revenge on those who have done nothing wrong and need the insurance
unconscionable. #ImpeachTrump

@mhai56 @CrainsChicago Health Care? We call the present system the GOP force feeding on the American people. Polite Genocide!
Impeachable offense, is it not? Did he not swear to do certain things on inauguration day?
is anyone tracking all the ways GOP/Trump are sabotaging the ACA? Because there's also this & probably more:
Thats impeachable offense. Do something Dick.
Obviously Senator Dick!  If u do ur Job and #Impeach for failure to #UpHoldConstitution his #SwornDuty then your complicit. #MoneyLaunderer.
As a Senator, DO SOMETHING. #impeachTrump
@TZZToday @POTUS @CrainsChicago make the sabotage stop!
Bingo! Exactly what .@POTUS is doing and his base/repubs/family condone this as patriotic. Beyond disgusting. PURPOSEFULLY SABOTAGING!
@TheTobster111 Congress needs to grow a pair & stop @realDonaldTrump b4 lives r lost b/c no insurance.
playing w/ people's lives b/c ur health care bill didn't pass is criminal in my mind.
is doing this b/c he's consumed w/ jealousy towards Obama.
To 'turn your back on' someone you must have their back in the first place. Who ever thought @realDonaldTrump cared for anyone but himself?
They need to stop showing just blacks on stories like this. There are just as many whites needing this. Wtf?
@ACLU PLEASE file a lawsuit or cease and desist or SOMETHING vs DJT & @GOP for this flouting of the #ACA law. This HAS to be illegal, right?
The health care was a too expensive to afford thing to begin with in this country... Since every thing in health care is privatized..
Durbin, you are lying so much that your nose must be at least a foot long by now. U r one of the worst Senators of all time. Care to debate?
This has to be unnacceptable. A compromised Congress sabotages a Democracy. Must look to amend Constitution b4 next Con Man sweeps the floor
Much like Putin, Trump wants America to be sicker and dumber.
.@realDonaldTrump like #trumpcare kills. How irresponsible & mean spirited. #impeachment can't come soon enough.
Then the democrats are letting Heath care fail for not getting in the game. Goes both ways.
Didn't he swear to uphold laws of US? ACA is current law.  Why are there no consequences for him breaking the law? Not a rhetorical question
Attn Mark Zuckerberg, @mcuban, @cher @BillGates @Madonna @Rosie and others with a little game - why not pool resources to beat this BS game?
Making the law fail...forcing it to fail...is like damaging any life saving device or safety measure. It could result in injury or death.
Seems like it's become #WeThePeople against @GOP. Look at #Texas, they're literally districting around people who disagree. @GregAbbott_TX

He cares nothing about the average American. He's so out of touch.
He's also LYING
Truly amazing and @GOP sits there, soaks it all in and enables it. America is Last to the GOP.
Fkr!
There are those "good christian values" of Trump, Pence, & GOP rearing its ugly head!
This is so serious, so sad . Why would they do this to us ? Please don't stop fighting
I understand completly now go on TV and shout it to the roof tops !!!
Trump is baseline vindictive and vengeful, worse when he's losing or cornered.
Exhibit A that he does not give a crap about his base.  That Americans in need have been hoodwinked by this asshole is the cruelest cut
I don't know that they've been hoodwinked. I think they want to make others as miserable as they are. Healthcare be damned, polls are stable
U.S.Constitution, Article 2 Sec. 3 The President "shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed"
The GOP has been doing this to the safety net since the 80s. What makes this different is we've noticed it.
So true
You mean by not subsidizing ins companies that are making millions? Oh the humanity!!!!
Why is he not violating his duty to uphold laws of land? Why are not any of AGs suing him for this failure?
You sound surprised, @SenatorDurbin. Millions of people tried to tell you about @realDonaldTrump before the election. This is who he is.
One would think Exchanges in 7th year of existence would be running smooth as silk. Congress stole control from state Governors. Return it.
And betraying his Oath of Office again...
@VP  Where does the fake Christian stand on this ?
So @realDonaldTrump is derelict in his duty to faithfully uphold the law, Congress MUST act. #Healthcare #Obamacare #derelictionofduty #law
Where are our gov checks & balances? trump needs to start upholding the law not breaking it.There has 2 be a way to stop him from sabotaging
Is there no law against obstruction of health care?  How about just being a despicable, rotten human being?
And using taxpayer $$ to make all of us complicit?
Who's gonna step up and enforce Article II? The oath taken requires protection and defense of the law...ACA in this case.
In violation of the Take Care clause in the Constitution.
On what basis did they "pull" contracts?

Can be breach of that contract.  And violation of federal appropriations law
Isn't he also violating his oath to faithfully execute the office of the president, which necessarily includes upholding the laws?
The GOP is a terrorist organization that aims to harm Americans to support their crazed ideology.
He's also violating his oath of office to faithfully execute the laws of the country, etc.
That is an impeachable offense. The ACA is law, and POTUS has to uphold it.
Isn't that illegal?
Not turning HIS back, STICKING A KNIFE IN OURS!!! #MasochistsAreGoverningAmerica  #TRAITOROUSPOTUS #TraitorousGOP
This is evidence of @realDonaldTrump's dereliction of duty to the American people! Why is the @GOP doing nothing? Because it benefits them!
@SenatorDurbin: Trump has to be stopped. He's incapable of caring if innocent citizens die from his vengeful actions.
Isn't president supposed to faithfully execute the laws?
Trump's a small minded vindictive mental 5 year old. He's gonna break Obamacare just BECAUSE its NOT TRUMPCARE.
Also against his oath of office! @realDonaldTrump is supposed to uphold and enforce the law (i.e. the #ACA), not actively sabotage it!
Subversion and sabotage, Russia and GOP, hand in hand to weaken and sicken America
If you shoot your husband in the head and go golfing, that is NOT "letting him die"
This so-called president has got to go!

Wonder when/if his supporters will figure that out?
So sad that our elected officials are heartless. They should are lucky to have insurance for cancer or any disease their family gets. 
The President must "take care that the laws be faithfully executed".
Will Trump be able to kill ACA andsabotage the middle class to save oligarchs money before he is impeached/resigns? #RaceIsOn
Could he be more evil to feed his narcissism?? The GOP is so complicit
They own him.. we must make them pay #18/20 #TakeAmericaBack
Stop this train wreck
Against oath of office
Geez, I thought "the carnage stops NOW".  Guess that too was a LIE.
It was doomed from the start no discussion no partisanship just shoved down our throats. Do you have Obamacare? Didn't think so.
@realDonaldTrump is a hateful, vindictive man who's so obsessed & jealous over Obama, that he willfully harms Americans 2 erase Obama legacy
The Constitution that he took an oath to protect says, he MUST  'take care that the laws be faithfully executed.' #ImpeachTrumpNow
Bannon/Trump   Constitution = Zero
This sabotaging of the #ACA - like @marcorubio 's before - needs more exposure in tv media! @ABC @CBSNews @CNN @NBCNews @MSNBC
Morally reprehensible. Playing with citizens' lives to make a political "point" is beyond evil.
@PrincessBravato @POTUS @CrainsChicago This is treason with the result of innocent people dying. Murderous orange traitor!
@PrincessBravato @POTUS @CrainsChicago How is sabotaging a federal law not a crime?
Senator this is @POTUS  committing genocide - countless needy people will die - it can not stand
@Bebeknows @POTUS @CrainsChicago Chicago has enough problems. Hitting them at this time will only cause a bigger strain
Yes, ACA biggest probs introduced by R'S
https://twitter.com/mippy56/status/888381444590096388 … @realDonaldTrump @womensmarch @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @twitwar2017 #PresidentBannon #TrumpRussia #tw @maddow
Recommended that every group PRE-DESIGNATE a central gathering point NOW so all protesters know EXACTLY where to go Share this far and wide. 
Failure to faithfully execute the laws - out
Isn't Trump supposed to support the laws of the land?...Oh, wait.  sorry, I answered my own question. He just lies, always.
This is disgraceful, incompassionate what is wrong with POTUS. There must be something that Congress& Senate can do to help & stop Trump.
You guys shouldn't have designed it to crash.
Get'em Mr Durbin!!
It's pressure fm Russia, in the past Kremlin has commented on Obamacare
Is this not against the law?  What does this criminal have to do for you spineless legislators to get off your butts & do something drastic?
what can you say...the president is a vengeful asshole and could care less about his fellow citizens. except... maybe the billionaire ones.
Do your job and remove this enemy of the State
Dick quick question, since I can not afford proper health care for my family, can I stop paying taxes so others can afford affordable care?
So, we want single-payer socialized, govt issued health insurance? Too funny. Thought we were a constiturional representative republic? No?
Lying comes easy to you Dickie!
@randyprine @POTUS @CrainsChicago He's in violation of 'Take Care'.  Censure or impeach.
It didn't just 'die'. They killed it. Disgusting. Sacrifice these people to feed their ego's.
It's bigger than healthcare.  Democracy is at risk of being destroyed.
Comrade Senator Durbin a flawed law will fail, if not propped up by fools that wrote it.  IE  Commie Care will fail without the crimocrats
So Obamacare was failing before Trump became POTUS and now you leftist say it's Trump's fault that Obamacare is failing? Leftist logic.
So much for Trump's #MAGA BS. His administration is an epic fail & I just hope that America survives. Thanks Senator Durbin 4  fighting 4 us
Same.
What did U expect? ego man to do what's best for the country? If it doesn't put $ in his pocket -----
No more than than the democrats did by allowing the Insurance companies write the damn thing in the first place.
We know this. What are you doing about it????
Am I wrong, but isn't it congress who passes legislation? So then wouldn't be you who is letting it / making it fail?
More lies from Durbin, must think we are oblivious to what's going on around us.. ACA was dead the day it went into law.
This is unacceptable. Make the ACA better, help people for gods sake.
Making it more difficult for people in inner cities to get help signing up online! Remember, "WHAT HAVE YOU GOT TO LOSE?"
This is how an elected leader demonstrates the desire to help the nation.
If the congress can't fix it, the administration will help f-it up more.
How can he deliberately make ACA fail?  How could he do this to our country our ppl. Why he can't @senategop work w/ @senatedems? Imcriminal
Gop lies
That they do with no conscience no regrets. The hell with us. That's how they and the Administration acts
Didn't his Oath swear to uphold the law?
@TB_Times @10NewsWTSP You should be rptg on this for the Health of FLA citizens.We need townhalls now. @senmarcorubio 22 Million Ppl will b
losing their healthcare & rubio u don't care! You're a "patsy" for trump.
Is that a good enough reason to impeach?  1/6 of economy allowed to fail.
Senator Durbin, is that even LEGAL? #ACA is the LAW, and aren't officials like POTUS sworn to uphold the law??!!?!?!
And where is Gov Rauner in all this? He needs to speak up  to help the Illinoisans who need coverage.
According to @realDonaldTrump you're only an American worth helping if your rich and white. The rest of us can just go suck eggs
This is dereliction of duty by @POTUS. @GOP What's it going to take???? Our country is literally on life support. #25thAmendmentNow
He's going to actively gut ACA. He is a monster. Hope he goes to jail bored 1 way ticket to Moscow.
This is just cruel, Senator. What can be done about this?
KEEP CALLING LIKE BEFORE....BE HEARD!!!
Of course...Obama'sHometown!! HIS OBSESSION OVER THIS MAN IS PSYCHOPATHIC!!SHOULD B REASON ENOUGH2IMPEACH!! UNFIT4OFFICE...CANT HOLD THOUGHT
We should be infiltrating their ranks and breaking them apart from within. This is a war of culture and there are a lot less of them than us
At a time we are learning more about Trump's abuses to our Country, this is a big "fuck all y'all" to us.
His Favorite quip....right after, You're Fired!!
Stop acting like you didn't realize these people don't care about poor people. This is stupid. The law works for money and we all know it.
Is there something you & your colleagues can do?  Much appreciation if you do!
Thank you Senator Durbin for fighting to protect our health care!
fight this, and then make that your message.
Enforce the lawACA will survive 
HANDS OFF ACA!!! Vote out CONGRESSMEN who vote out our INSURANCE!
We are working on it. #il06. #vote2018
Please support #Mueller and give him the cover he needs to "Follow the Money"
It's time to step up the legislative checks on the overreaching executive. Please start congressional investigations of #realDonaldTrump.
Trump is truly a horrible human being. Also very stupid
Good. Obamacare was forced on us. Is horrible and needs to go away. Govt should not be in our healthcare.
@Potus  & @GOP has made it IDONTCARE not healthcare or Obamacare. Please repair the ACA!
They keep trying to change it just so they can throw out Medicaid and take 780BIL. From us... Oh, and MEDICARE WILL BE NEXT!
what is going to happen to all of us.  Help!!!!!
#AHCA @AARP @cnnbrk @DNC @gop @abcnews @CBSNews @MSNBC @FoxNews @cspan @whitehouse @potus @senategop  @HillaryClinton @NancyPelosi @un 45TAX
Isn't it violation of Presidential Oath? Faithfully uphold the laws...!?
Trump just cannot act unselfishly on behalf of others, to improve other people's lives. He can't comprehend the meaning of "civil service."
NO CONCEPT OF IT!!!  ITS ONLY "ME"....
EXACTLY....ALWAYS HAS BEEN!!
How many americans will lose their health ins under @realDonaldTrump watch???
at least 22MIL....and many WILL DIE!!
Can we then call him the Death president?!!
Sounds PERFECT and he will have EARNED it!!
Why is this ok with the @GOP.??
To make Koch Brothers happy & prob. Sizeable pay offs!
But what can anyone do about it?
Shameful!
Punishing dissent?
This must be yet another unprecedented move by a sitting *POTUS, destroying the people's healthcare to punish votes?
Yes, #Koch-Congress made several efforts to sabotage the #ACA. Red-state governors sabotaged it, now POTUS? If this isn't tyranny, what is?
IMPEACH.  25thAMENDMENT. Do your JOB!
Hey you guys made the problem take responsibility for it
At least 23MIL had no INS!!
WOKE UP!!!  SAVE ACA!!!
MORNING READ: Dick Durbin and party passed Obama Care & have cost tax payers millions of $ for a failed health care plan that nobody wanted
Except the 20+ million Americans who now have healthcare coverage, including some of my family.
can trump pardon himself
Probably the same families it didn't want it in the first place. Keep in place and get ready and burn! Lol
WE'RE on to all of you!
The law was intended to fail!
@TheDemocrats ASSAULT ON THE PEOPLE ACA!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan MUST BE UNSEATED!
You folks make about as much sense as your POTUS!!
Like I said, he will get revenge because he can't handle losing. Revenge is his bigliest goal in life.
Blah Blah Blah
A terrible time in history when the White House and @GOP are on a mission to healthcare to enable tax cuts for wealthy. UnAmerican
STEALING 780BIL FROM CITIZENS!! We Should SUE !!!

Dear Dick false accusation. Gov needs to get out of private insurance market. Obamacare not healthcare & not insurance!
Trump wasting our tax dollars again ! Senator, What does it cost to run a poll in a City like Chicago? 20,000 ?
@sencapito @lisamurkowski Is this okay with you?
Can't be ???
Dickie, If the HHS has discretion it's not law!
"turning his back on American families"  Putin does the same thing to Russian families
The Real News id GOP alliwing America to fail just to line their pockets
Trump is sabotaging the American people! Perhaps someone will sue on behalf of  Americans who depend upon healthcare...
You had 7 plus years to fix your ACA mess and you did NOTHING 
If I was a Senator and wanted to modify Obamacare, I would have formed a panel of experts in insurance to draft new options 7 yrs ago. #Vote
Exactly thank you 
Using people's lives as political pawns.
Obstruction of healthcare and then lie and say "Obamacare is failing" he's a hateful SOB and will pay BIGLY! #25thAmendmentNow
When are the insurance companies going to stand up and fight?
A special kind of disloyalty to the American people
So the sabotage is not just apparent but obvious. #MAGA (sarcasm) This affects everyone AND the economy even before passage of law to repeal
He's declared WAR on AMERICANS!!
This from the senator who turned his back on American soldiers:
Please be honest #Obamacare designed to fail so you could force single payer down our throats. You were half successful.
