Dems& GOP both R stupid& foolish. Back 2009, Dems didn't outreach2 GOP&  Pelosi said "Pass it & then Read it". We citizen R paying the price
https://mobile.twitter.com/clairecmc/status/872890692233822208/photo/1?utm_source=fb&utm_medium=fb&utm_campaign=AngelikaMiller&utm_content=874768541974659075 … process for ACA

I know Articles of Impeachment start in House, but isn't there someone over there you can have lunch with or something?  Can't take anymore.
You don't fix healthcare by jacking up the fuckin price, canceling plans, and then fining people who can't afford it DICK.
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
Could you be more specific about the tax cut for the wealthy?
Personally,professionally,and nationally our values are displayed when we use our resources.Denying healthcare to the needy reveals values.
Their careers are much like trumps 20/20 they're all out
No matter what Bill they bring up its #Trumpcare  tax cut for the wealthy at the expense of lives less fortunate than their own
HUGE TAX CUTS for top 1/10th of 1% & NO HEALTHCARE for millions are ONLY constants in EVERY GOP Bill! GOP TAX REFORM STEP 1- #ProtectACA
Speaker Ryan explains:
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @SenSchumer @VP  @POTUS Get your party involved, debate your differences, and compromise. It's not rocket science!
Gop plans will raise your premiums and your deductibles 
And you will still be taxed if you don't have insurance
And if u are diagnosed with cancer 6 month waitlist then preexisting condition charge.
It's very simple. Either you are for good healthcare for allor you are not. Right now #Congress is not

If you like so much OC, give up your gov health care that I am paying for you, and take OC for you and your family. And for tax reform, ...
With all the problems in IL, glad I don't have to worry about my Senators doing something stupid!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for remaining true to your beliefs and representing your constituents.
Same posts from all the Looney Dems!
We will have #HealthCareForAll  eventually. The only question is how we will fairly allocate the costs.
It's a tax cut for everyone when you're not forced to buy products you don't want or need. Obamacare hurt more families than helped.
It's already a proven fact that your in the back pocket(s) of the wealthy anyways.
If you don't like it, it's ok, just don't forget, when it pass, just tell your accountant to pay extra tax, you not like the benefits.
Sir, they are cutting taxes for someone at the very least, but your party increased taxes this month for ALL Illinoisans by about 10-40%!
Obama Care is similar to the Laws of Erisa, and there is a penalty for doing it right as a business owner. It is not a tax cut for wealthy
It is a shame that Dems do not understand how expensive Obama Care is, it went up $500 a month for a High School teacher making $55,k
Democrats play this wealthy tax card, but burden the work middle class with tax increases all the time. Especially Illinois!

and when you had control of the senate you conceded numerous benefits to please them, making it possible for it to be revoked
And you showed your true colors by not even using the garbage insurance you forced down our throats called Obama care
How much money have you & insurance companies made w/ACA? How much did big pharma make? Don't lecture. Just shut up!

Boom!!!
Amen to That Senator
Listen to Speaker Ryan in March 2017
Tax cuts? Your from one of the most taxed States in the US. Where this very thing happens all the time.
HUGE TAX CUTS for top 1/10th of 1% & NO HEALTHCARE for millions are ONLY constants in EVERY GOP Bill! GOP TAX REFORM STEP 1- #ProtectACA
I'm sick and tired of hearing this tax cuts for the wealthy refrain over and over again. Proves Democrats are out of new ideas!
Where's the Democrat plan??
Multimillionaire @senrobportman wants to STEAL healthcare from MILLIONS to give TAX CUTS to the RICH!!!

#KeepCalling
Thank you Senator for standing up for responsible healthcare law!
I admire you more and more as each day passes.  Thank you for fighting for us
all you care about is lining your pocket if not you would talking about clinton getting $145 mil for selling 20% of our uranium to russia
We have been calling, faxing, and emailing our concerns what else can we do? I'm fighting stage IV liver cancer-it's life or death issue
Yes, in Illinois we only raise taxes and make zero budgetary concessions. It's working out great.....
How you going to cut taxes on the poor. They don't pay taxes. 50% of Americans don't pay taxes. Quit lying
GOP have no values only worship money
Vultures picking at the bones of the taxpayers. What is the matter with these people. They seem so empty and deprived of money.
Tax cut for the wealthy is a broken record.  Please talk about real issues???
When they TAX CUTS why don't Dems ever offer up some GOP prize govt expenditures that could be used for that instead of our healthcare?
Yup. Now what are you gonna DO ABOUT IT??

Just wait till the election! We will show all U Democrats what U start with!
Living on Medicaid is hard. Knowing half the senate would happily let me die if it made them more money is harder. 1/
Knowing my senators are NOT in that half and are dedicated to getting folks like me the help we need? So heartening. Thank you.
Not one penny of infrastructure money for your roads to nowhere debt ridden state..try to get law and order in Chitown
The debate is over. We've decided that healthcare should be a right and guaranteed to us all.
Always here supporting you! Go get them! Save the Nation!
Why have my deductibles gone up 500% since ACA enacted? I'm not rich. The middle class workers got the shaft from you extortionists
You and your Dem colleagues allowed the GOP to run their anti-everything Obama steamroller right over us. We are all road kill. Thanks for 0
That makes no sense. Dems have fought hard and creatively. We need to vote them in some help.
Not hard enough. Milquetoast speeches and tweets now and then dont cut it. They lost the election and now are losing the ACA for us. #fedup
Thank you Sen Durbin for representing all Illinois constituents.
#DEMOCRATS2018 
#DEMOCRATS2020
You do if your campaign funds are being held hostage 
Driving up the costs of medical devices with additional taxes is not taxing the wealthy
We know Mr. Durbin & won't forget R's gave their souls to the Devil to save their own.  They're slow kindling about to burn themselves
Stop it. You know that's not true. I guess if you say it enough, people will just believe it without looking into it.
You don't start another entitlement program when you at $20 Trillion in debt.
Right on Dick. Manchin and Capito wont be forgotten in places like WV Im sure.
You do if all you really care about is cutting taxes for the rich.
#medical device tax and #individual mandate should go. If #Obamacare is so popular, no one should make you buy it. #newslavery
trump wealthcare destroys all healthcare & 1/6 of economy immediately. The rest of it in quick order. ExLax says he does well in bad times.
Greed Rules!


Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …

Whistleblower Tarref Simon needs help in bringing attention to the VA. https://twitter.com/refee00/status/880540730174967810 …
Be honest Senator; the top 10% pay 60% of taxes. It's called "MATH".  I am sure you are more intelligent then that; Americans are not stupid
We better get to dying quickly so they will be happy.
Let's chat about your gold plated government funded health care plan, Senator Durbin.  Too long in DC you're out of touch with Illinois
#Putinbot
Yes. Except we've known this for a long time. Where's alternative Dem plan? What/who are you guys fighting for?
Dems want everyone to have access to healthcare regardless of income.
That's nice. What's the plan to get there?
How about ZERO taxes under $50K/year?
More political skew.  Not true and fake.  Btw thanks for raising my taxes and HC costs.  (Sarcasm just in case your.....)
Taught me alot!  Use "good people" as a shield. Americans no longer need to help others in need. Loyalty is punished. Ends justify means.
Why didn't full senate, healthcare experts (not lobbyists) & constituents work together to make a better bill- THEN VOTE? 13 men not qualifi
2 shy of unanimous is quite a majority. Scumbags.
Please from the party that attacks and tries to gut the middle class. Shameful
Dickie, The @gop ran on repealing health care! They are doing what they promised voters they would do!
GOP is all about Koch bros, lobbyists and hatred of obama
Maybe u should stop listening to people like Mr.Durbin.Koch brothers don't like Trump.But then again many of u are brainwashed by Dems.
Not true ,to show values you have to have them and I never met a Republican with any.
You do if you're Mitch McConnell. But what goes around comes around; McConnell and the rest of his cave-dwelling critters will fall.
Or they will get sick.

We can still #killthebill. We need to pressure GOP Senators. Just need to flip one or two more.

Here's how.

…
It's all about rewarding those wealthy donors. Money before people for the GOP!
Everyone that has a healthcare plan currently is paying a heavy tax. #Obamacare #Obis nothing but a tax scheme.
The tax is the penalty if you don't buy insurance.

Those who have insurance don't pay the penalty.

Nice try though.
There is a tax on every insurance policy plus the penalty if you don't. Look it up. But nice try on your part.
