Dems are #SmearMerchants.of deceit&distortion blinded by their own partisanship,bigotry&intolerance.
What's your view of Obama's door slam on Cubans just before he left office?
How about standing with America and American people? You are a traitor! You were NOT elected to stand with foreigners!
Our FBI&intelligence agencies have reported that we have NOT vetted the refugees properly.Why not fix that
Thank you. Now #withholdconsent on Senate business until executive order is repealed. #nojusticenobills
- Quit playing politics w/our nat. sec. confirm AG & ALL cabinet, We The People R sick of this partisan BS
Why NOT fix the vetting system? Did you speak out against Obama's Iraqi ban? #Hypocrite #DeceitfulPartisan
To hell with the American People. Dems making it clear, Dems will protect non citizens over Amer.Citizens
thank you HOWEVER pls reach out to @SenateGOP to stand up to @POTUS #resist #dorightthing #nodictators #notwitler
Better stand with them. Democrats need all the votes in 2018. Dems don't care about working people
Thank you for representing Illinois.
Rather than the endless Rhetoric, why not work with Trump and fix many of the problems Dem created.
AMEN
You can help by blocking Jeff Sessions from becoming AG.
Again Democrats have no power.
Democrat President Truman signed law forbidding promises of jobs to displaced persons. 1948 displace persons act
I support my President! God Bless America and God Bless President Trump who loves America! Thank you!
Thank you Senator.  Trump's order is flawed in many ways. Un-American and will not make us safer.
A bunch a crying babies is all you sound like.
Oh puuuuuuuuhlease.   DID YOU SAY THE SAME THING WHEN OBAMA BANNED CHRISTIAN MUSLIMS FOR
SIX MONTHS, DICK?
This political landscape requires Republicans too. Please find reach out
Sen. Durbin, I am so pleased to have voted for you. THANK YOU!
U never side w/Illinoisans. Let me correct that, actual CITIZENS calling #LandofLincoln home
I'm a US citizen from Illinois and he's siding with me. And pretty much everyone I know.
Driven around Illinois? See the wasteland its become? He represents all others but IL Citizens
@SenateDems8 years of Nothing good being done for our Country cannot be fixed in a few weeks
thank you! We, the people, are behind you!
Not the people who saw the great need for change in our Country and its safety! Thank youPOTUS!
These 7 nations have no reliable public records to assist in the vetting,unlike the other 43Muslim nations
Work on impeachment or the 25th Amendment. Time is almost up.
Illinois Real id Act none Compliance So I need passport to Fly in America 2020 Illinois no budget
How about standing with the American people and your fellow Illinoisans instead?
Standing around, singing songs, trying to get a working microphone is not going to help. VOTE NO
THANK YOU! Please vote to block DeVos and Sessions tomorrow!
Please help save us from this autocratic narcissist. Keep the checks and balances. It has never been more important. Vote no on Sessions.
thank you for making IL proud!
If you and your colleagues vote to confirm Sessions now, you are voting for the EO. Remember that.
Mandatory NO vote for Sessions and all the rest of cabinet nominees!
Interviewer 2011 Obama banned people from Iraq—did that concern you?
Protester No cause I loved Obama
Don't forget who he's got coming up for confirmation: NO DeVos! NO Sessions!
if you vote for Sessions tomorrow you're complicit in all of this.
Thank You! Please vote no DeVos
how about you do your job you are not a paid protestor
please vote No on DeVos and Sessions.
Clear you are not a man. President Trump is protecting his people. You're a political hack undermining us!
Thank you for speaking out. Don't stop; we need every voice we can get!
you can also stand with  your constituents and vote NO on Sessions and Tillerson.
Thank you!
Thank you! Continue taking a stand by voting NO for Sessions and DeVos. This constituent has been calling your office.
Thank you for standing with those who were wrongly affected by @POTUS
Why didn't you stand against Obama when he did identical same thing
Thank you!
.                 You can't make this stuff up. Feel like I'm in a episode of LOST!
thank you.
@ZellaQuixote @SenateDems @POTUS Not to mention unconstitutional.
How much damage to our Country can Trump and Republicans do.  More than we expected and it's only been 10 days!
Thank you, Senator! Your constituents are with you physically and virtually.
thank you! Also, please vote NO for Sessions and Devos. Called your office today but couldn't get through
So, whatcha gonna do when he says No?
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for representing #Illinois with other @SenateDems to defend #Refugees and #Immigrants  to  our new @POTUS
Thank You!
while u allowed Obama to do the same thing. There is a name for that.
Thank you. Please persist. We need you.
Thank you!
Thank you Dems for protecting our freedom and our country. Shame on the GOP. Is power that important to you?
please help end the madness!
Please stop@the lie! Yiu are a JOKE!
yes, yes my love
