Graham on building support for health care: "I've got Alan Greenspan, Jeb Bush, and Steve Bannon. If you can do better than that, call me."
I got Moe, Larry and Curley. Check mate! @sengraham2016
@marykbruce have to be joking. To add to the list is every state Medicaid Director. So thank us and @SenJohnMcCain for keeping ur insurance
I meant @LindseyGrahamSC should thank us. The @GOP is absurd
Boom!
American Nurses Assoc, American Medical Assoc., American Hospital Assoc...
Why yes, those support the new Bill
Even Mickey mouse, Donald duck and Goofy would be better
OMG I can think of so many people BETTER than Greenspan, Bush and Bannon?  that's a basket of people with no expertise in health care.
You had me at "no expertise".
Hawaiian conch drop. 
Those names are so childish. Check out these: Freedom Works; Americans for Prosperity, Judicial Watch; Eagle Forum; Family Research Council
American Nurses Association, National Nurses United, American Hospital Association, millions of sane, caring Americans.
Graham is citing this as a example of health care!
Dude couldn't even donate his liver. Can you imagine the poor doctor who must see him naked? 
No, but in the interest od science.
Oh Lordy!!!!!!!
And Blue Cross & other insurers. When you've lost the insurance industry, who's left? The Koch brothers.
The Arthritis Foundation...one that is very close to my heart.
The American Academy of Family Physicians stands with you against this bill.
So @LindseyGrahamSC has the support of two rich guys and one Nazi?
Makes me wonder if he's been bought by Russia too!
Have you noticed how jittery he has been have seen him for years never acted like this they have something on him 
Pictures, I'm betting.
Add to your list the 36,000 emergency physicians who treat 140 million patients every year.
Umm, you do realize obamacare is preventing people from going to the Dr. don't you? We can't afford it or the premiums
Steve Bannon?? @LindseyGrahamSC  The WhiteSupremacist who wants to SEE the Destruction of the Constitution? That Steve Bannon? #GOPShineBoy
Graham just sold his soul to the devil,  Bannon,  to try and get his horrible bill passed.  What an idiot. History will despise him.
Omg. That quote can't be real. Who the hell voted these idiots into office??
A real stellar group there!!
Let the Trumpsters take advice from "Doctor" Steve Bannon. I think he has an honorary medical degree from Trump University.
GOP rapes Americans yet again
And if we get pregnant we're really screwed.
Who do you trust with advice on medical policy? The American Medical Association or Steve Bannon?
I dunno, that's a toughie.  Bannon has a majesty about him where he seems to have all his shit together much more than the rest of us.

And more than 35 cancer patient and provider organizations!
And no cancer patient I know supports obamacare. Why? becasue they can't afford the deductibles or Premiums
Why does Steve Bannon matter any more?
Steve who?
@domsisti Oh, by all means, call him Brian!  American Psychiatric Association too, ++++more.
Graham is showing his true colors. Used to be voice of reason &seeming compromise. Not anymore or never really was. Power hungry egomaniac
So much money at stake. 
I guess we'd better call him, then, huh? 
What an asshole. Doesn't know the jig is up on Bannon!
The fact that this guy is bragging about being in agreement with Jeb! and Bannon kills me
@LindseyGrahamSC has been taken over by a #Republican clone.  The real bipartisan elder statement @LindseyGrahamSC is missing.
Seriously? THOSE are the geniuses he's bragging about?
The majority of the American people....
But they have Kid Rock on their side.
Great comeback Brian,  @LindseyGrahamSC YOU BETTER PAY ATTENTION!  You KNOW this is NOT the health plan to make law. Your constituents/angry
Healthcare is so important.
I'll call you all, and raise you 55% of the American People.
What's her cell number?
much, much better
What should we call him?  Morally bankrupt? Disingenuous? Non-empathetic?
Alan greenspan!!!??
might as well said you have stalin, pol pot, and idi amin
Steve bannon on healthcare? Yeah if you're looking for the Fleischman's endorsement
And all major insurance companies BCBS, Kaiser, etc.
Jeb Bush. Shame on you
Ouch!

JUST IN: Blue Cross: GOP's ObamaCare repeal bill "undermines" protections for pre-existing conditions http://hill.cm/itZalcK  
Ah, yes, but he has Satan, soooo...
One who brags about having Bann on ANY team is already beyond compromised, and likely doing nefarious acts. Looking at you @LindseyGrahamSC
Since when is having Bannon on your side something to brag about? Those men are off their rocker.
Dont back down from these bastards Brian.
SUPER SLAM SENATOR!!!!!.......SPOT ON!!!!!!... GIVE IT UP LINDSEY!!!!...

Sen. @BillCassidy tells me @LouisianaGov *ISN'T against his bill. BUT Gov. Edwards *IS opposed to the bill. @KALBtv5 @KNOE8 @GrayDCnews 
What's funny is all those orgs got substantial grants through the CDC to the tune of $2 billion - ACA Section 4002
Multiple Sclerosis Assoc.
GOP IS KEEPING #ACA AS THEIR INSURANCE
But screw the pp By taking it away from us
I don't know that our Congress has ACA, but they certainly have exempted themsleves from any disaster they will impose on us.
Well lets still get the word out 
What's good for them is good for us also
EXACTLY.
@LindseyGrahamSC you couldn't be more arrogant if you tried to. Take a look at Brian's list. Much better...you know, actual care providers
Brian wins....
Jeb Bush? Does Trump know about this?
Alan Greenspan? The guy that admitted his trickle-down economics policies were a failure rooted in a fantasy? Hah, ok.
@Brianschatz You did better, CALL HIM & let us know if you get a reply or "run around"!!
@LindseyGrahamSC Three strikes, you're out. That lineup bats 0.000. My team of pre-existing conditions, pregnant women & all others bats 1K.
I'd rather have the 3 stooges at least they're not evil. Republicans need to go.
I don't believe that idiot Graham!!!!
This is how partisan punishment under the authoritarian regime occupying our government looks/acts. Hate-full...
Steve Brannon!the most unhealthy looking person ever!
Jeb Bush who threw an election, Bannon the avowed propagandist and saboteur of his own children's education...not impressed
graham took advice from bannon? is this a secret healthcare plan for whites only?
BOOM....Enough said...

Alan Greenspan supports repealing the ACA? Really?
...and 70% of the American people.
And here's more:
Actually, you couldn't do much worse . All Ayn Rand acolytes, no?
Topper: @LindseyGrahamSC sites Steve Fucking Bannon's support. Unbelievable. Deplorable.
"Whoever you are, I have always depended on the kindness of strangers, and they don't get much stranger than Bannon." Lindsey DuBois
Gin Blossom could use rehab himself.
I'd say having Bozo the Clown and the Naked Cowboy on Times Square is a hell of a lot better than Steve Bannon.
Oh, but the US, like Gove in the UK, is "tired of experts".
Yes those pesky experts getting in the way. It's about as always
Graham is a fool that thinks he is cute. Vote him the fuck out
Bannon,  Bush,  Greenspan... Really.  When did they become senators?  Ridiculously stupid.
Checkmate.
@RepTomPrice @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr #ACASavesLives @BillCassidy #trumpcare2 @LindseyGrahamSC
MORE GOOP, GOOP, GOOP!!!!!?
@StephMillerShow @marykbruce Most of America...
So graham has 2 rich, irresponsible assholes who can buy all the 50 dollar aspirin they want & a drunk, bloated nazi.
Here's even more.
Amen.  How can they vote in this in and destroy services for the #disabled on the support of Bannon?  Stop this now.
As if the #GOP didn't lose me enough on a very cruel healthcare replacement, they definitely lost me w/ Steve Bannon & may even lose Repubs!
I can do better by just looking around the room. I've got me, my husband, my daughters & my son. My parents, my in-laws, my neighbors...
Fuck st Alan
Or 3 random ppl off the street
Basically anyone other than a businessman,a politician and the malignant tumor that is Bannon.
Also, America
Wished all those names had a vote in the senate.  Mostbof those mentioned voted GOP.  Republicans will vote for tax breaks for their donors
Add NANN to that list.
Oh Mary, Bloody Mary, surely you jest.
Burn!
Steve Bannon's opinion is important to #Graham?
I've got my 77 y.o. mom, dad w/ cancer, friend who is a quadriplegic, friend who had stroke, all the children I teach & have taught, & more!
Please vote No and fight for my mother with stage IV cancer. Mahalo Senator! 
They don't care about those who know the impact on Americans!
Bannon’s support is a new low bar
How about Us #Veterans who Served our Nation-putting our Lives on the line throughout the globe,Do We Matter? #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
How about We,The #American People whose taxes Afford a great #Healthcare package 4those trying 2 eviscerate ours. #Medicare4All #SinglePayer
@SenSanders has already done a whole lot better... and he wants everyone to have healthcare, not to take it away... a whole lot better...
yea Jeb Bush a major influencer like if there is 1 person entire world gives a damn what he thinks besides his mother & Bannon an old drunk
There are just SO MANY...........
Wasn't Greenspan the guy who missed the Great Recession? And Bannon -you're kidding me, right?
@jimmykimmel started listing organizations opposing horrible bill & ran out of time: American Cancer, American Diabetes, Cystic Fibrosis....
Graham is a real POS.
Mary didn't mention Ayn Rand, she def has Ayn too.

A group of drunken monkeys would be better than that group of jackasses
Lol. If Steve Bannon is on his list, we KNOW it's worse than horrible
...and over 80% of Americans who are being victimized by the abusive @gop threatening their access to medical care.

#SaveOurCare
#VoteNO
@SenatorDurbin Don't get irrational exuberance over having Greenspan...  Remember the big crash about 10 years ago?  Thanks Al!
And @ACPinternists
No just Bob. The ACP internists do not agree with Bob
Hillary couldn't be bothered to go to WI.   @MichelleObama @BarackObama are complicitly silent.  We lose.
You have me, too. And everyone I know. Save our health care. #SavetheACA
Allan Greenspan! Do you remember the 2007 or 8 recession!
23 MILLION AMERICANS CAN DO YOU A HELLUVA LOT BETTER @marykbruce
Make sure you all *do* call him &your Senators too. #GrahamCassidyBill
Tagging @LindseyGrahamSC so he'll see this
@paolamendoza @marykbruce What kind of person would brag about having Bannon's support.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain I am back to not sleeping pls oppose bad HC bill!!!
American Hospital Association
You win Brian
A bag of big toes would be better. The bar is so low

Graham,
Anything trumps 3 jackasses, doesn't it? And they are 3 of Trumps jackasses.
CALL 
McCain 202-224-2235
Murkowski 202-224-6665
Collins 202-224-2523
Portman 202-224-3353
Capito 202-224-6472
Alexander 202-224-4944
@marykbruce And almost every doctor I've talked to.
Not one is your avg taxpayer/citizen he named. The arrogance and lack of compassion of these old, rich, scumbags in power is astonishing
Well my pig is flying. Sheesh
Mahalo @brianschatz for standing up for Ohanas.  I so miss the sanity of Hawaii.
Children's Hospital Association too!

Wait a minute...Graham citing Steve Bannon as someone who's word we should take?  On healthcare?  On anything?
GOP governors also oppose graham; unlike senators governors do things and have to work with working Americans
you're naming .orgs and he's naming 1%ers. whadda surprise!
Am becoming more & more certain Lindsey Graham will show up on the Senate floor dressed & made up as Carmine Miranda.
Steve Bannon's face was pulsating during his 60 minutes interview. I don't think he should be advising anyone on good healthcare
F off, Graham - we have the people!
I've never seen anyone more desperately in need of a medical team than Steve Bannon.
@LindseyGrahamSC, that's quite the hat trick. And when I first wrote "hat," I noticed that I'd added an "e" at the end of the word.
a pile of compost is better than Bannon
I have the two of the most important people on my list that support ACA -- My doctor and me!  How do you like them?
@PattyWinfield @marykbruce 
I couldn't agree more with Brian
Everyone receiving healthcare.
American Hospital Association
And add American Hospital Association...

We all recognize Graham-Cassidy as the pile of  that it is.

#Resistance 
@GOP
If he has Steve Bannon, anyone can do better than him
Steve bannon?????
And @hospitals4kids
That the problem reality host,no matters.Heartless don't know what it's like to go without anything.
Aren't those all special interest groups?
And.... your point?
I thought we were all against special interest groups controlling legislation?
I'll take the advice of medical experts, groups whose very  reason 4 being/"special interest" is saving lives over self serving pols, thx.
And all the seniors whose lives will be lost because of Lindsay Graham
Moe, Larry and Curly would beat Graham's team.
Steve Bannon?  There's a feather in your cap. Bush? A guy named JEB? You think hats a win?
Hospitals, too.
@LindsayGrahamSC @SenDonnelly @SenToddYoung  - many many people think this is very very bad - please reconsider- for 2018..if not Americans
Note senator from South Carolina aligns w/white supremacist Bannon in this instance not done so blatantly till now. E Tu, @SenJohnMcCain ?
Any list that has to include steve bannon is by definition grasping at straws
Damn librul organizations. They're the reason we barely won in Nam.
That's money people. How about some medical experts.
Sorry, Bannon
And what the fuck does Brannon have to do with anything
I hope all those orgs are getting their statements directly to the undecided Senators
American Hospital Association too?  Surely they'd be against this travesty.
Steve Bannon? Who cares? 
God and the right.
REALLY? Graham thinks avg Americans care what those three think? GOP Congress is so far out of touch they support a Reality TV President!
You forgot American Cancer Society
Mr grab an were just served...mic drop.
Good Lord @LindseyGrahamSC Steve Bannon,  really?   You're even more of a piece of  than I thought.
Greenspan gave us the 1987 stock mkt crash, Bush the Iraq war and Great Recession, and Bannon is just http://fuc.ing  NUTS! WTF!!!
Who do you have, @SenRonJohnson ? Who told you this bill was good for #Wisconsin?
Literally nobody with half a brain brags about having Steve Bannon on their team.
And you have us Brian! The American people are with you!
I like your list, Brian Schatz.
You also have @jimmykimmel and his very cute baby boy.
American women.
Did you have Jeb Bush's permission to use his name in the same sentence with Steve Bannon's?
@SenGraham @sengraham2016 
YOU'VE GOT STEVE BANNON! YOU'VE GOT STEVE BANNON!!!! WTH IS WRONG WITH YOU. FFS SENATOR, YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED!!!
If Steve Bannon is on your side you are on the wrong side
Having Bannon is nothing to brag about.
This is why insurance needs to end.
Add millions of Americans and I call checkmate!!!
You can take that to the bank!!!
He's got a man w/failed economic policies, one who was humiliated by Trump & a methhead booted out of the White House. Bragging rights? Not!
@LindseyGrahamSC , sure check this out.
You are so correct @brianschatz! @LindseyGrahamSC try this list! It's much much better than yours
The majority of the American people
All the repubs care about is Koch $$$
Yeah, find some people who actually work for a living.
Hmmm he works for people of SoCarolina
Not the soulless white supremacist who hates most Americans
@LindseyGrahamSC, your voters need ACA
cc: @LindseyGrahamSC 

Also, Steve Bannon? Are you freaking kidding? Since when does a washed up conspiracy theorist make policy...oh ya.
#GrahamCasiddy is #SkinnyRepeal
