dm me, imma need to get on one of those spacecrafts. Thanks!
but without a giant planet like Jupiter what's the chance these planets haven't been bombarded by asteroids #asknasa
We still don't know about the presence of planets further out in the solar system. We'll have to continue our observations.
Sure you did. #FakeNews
I think they care when millions look into their lies, so they cover their asses by distracting you, with more lies 
20 billion + a year isn’t much to you? Tell someone there’s only one option, why would they think there’s another? Everything you’ve been told is a lie. Look into who really controls the world media finances military and gov.
Something for you to think about: all of nature is evidence of flat earth. It’s science when it can be replicated and observed. None of the globe theory can be, while all of flat earth can. Only way to prove the globe is through a picture, which other evidence contradicts
fake !!!!!!
what could have possibly made you doubt such an important discovery so quickly?
More NASA LIES!
filet ört!dedim sana
congratulations!!
I'LL GO SIGN ME UP
im moving
Most astounding is that this needle-in-a-haystack is within our own galaxy. Imagine what could be in ALL of the others. #TRAPPIST1
Wow, great photo. No filter?
Yeah, I don't think they're trying to suggest this is a photo of one of he planets...
This is the place for trump to visit & rule.
No I think you should go there and stay
No, Trump should go. We can stay back.
Going to assume we don't have a very lenient immigration policy for actual aliens.
such a amazing job NASA selut you
@Joseprhdz
.@NASA Cool! Do you mind explaining to Scott Pruitt that climate change is real + serious?
The most amazing thing for me 2017 the Eclipse, was the bomb..
illuminati
& all this time I thought Trappist was a monk that brewed beer. I still drink u chimay!
great
how soon till we take off?
Probably will take us a long time. Don't have spaceships that can go the speed of life
*light hate autocorrect sometimes
dang I'll start walking
Have fun with that then
yesssss! Let's go ya'll!
@lyric_deleon huge space guy
future Astronaut
3 in *Earthling* habitable zone, the rest in ??? habitable zone?
"Habitable zone" means the region around a star where liquid surface water might exist.
but they Aldo said it is possible all 7 could have liquid water. The "habitable zone" ones are the most likely
I was being too obtuse with my humor. The ??? = what other lifeforms might like the rest of the planets.
Never a good sign when you have to explain your on jokes.
relatable 
Is it true if you zoom in you can see that Goldman Sachs and Exxon have already set up shop on two of them?
one of them is the current base of operations for the Rothschilds
holy shit, this is incredible, i need an estimated date of when we can move
@SteFromTaken STE TOU LIKE SCIENCE YESNAISNDIRK IM
We are not alone.
Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/nasa/status/834466377201307652 … (Ranked 1st for Feb 22.)
amazing and yet we can't find our way within our world, maybe we take all the "good dudes" and move here. #humanRights
let's take Bernie and have him be the supreme leader
@BernieSanders sold-out to @HillaryClinton that's why the democratic party lost.
democratic socialist****
Better than Oompa Loompa who spends our tax $ vacationing in FL every weekend instead of doing his JOB. Smh 
MAGNÍFICO 

with all the breathtaking REAL images we've learned how to capture..Y use this #artistsimpression?
+whose #artwork IS it?
how exactly do you mean real?
>@HubbleTelescope @NASA_Hubble @HUBBLE_space @hubble etc
but even those - line now blurring w/#artistsimpression vs real images
@ShadyEnlighted now we know where the 7 rulers come from that make up the intergalactic council or not
that would b dope if there is life tho I don't think we can find it they would no were here unless its underdeveloped
EXcellent work! When can we move in? @FMelroseWriter
I am LONGING for space travel. The things we could see! *starry wonder eyes*
Oh yes... I doubt it will be in my lifetime though. Mind you, I witnessed the first Moon landings on a grainy b&w TV @NASA
Oh it will be. A few hours or a couple of days orbit, definitely.
Ah yes, Space Tourism, maybe. It will take a bit longer till we can travel to other Solar Systems though.
True... still, little flip in a rocket ship? I can't wait.
Yes! Bet it'll make your ears pop though. 
how MANEY light years is it away from us?
This is like when you need to go to Walmart and you don’t have a car or gas money to get there.

.@NASA What could go wrong?
Well played.
My digital marketing play of the week. Bravo.
@chillinsky5
#HappyNewYear
are those planets flat too?
so tired of em jerkin us off into empty space
What do we pay you for? What are you really doing? How were we somehow able to go to the moon in the 70s yet are not able to go back now when we have even better technology than we did then? What sense does that make? I’m no flat earth person, but why can’t we go back? #Trump
Sangita Good Morning Good News  Happy Sunday Enjoy  and Warm Welcome 2018 Happy Monday
Show me some godam pictures not some damn artist rendition. Show me a damn twinkly light with some 7 spots around it at least. Surely your scopes can take pics of a solar system. We are far away so you can capture one in its entirety.
we Italians might send a few (4000) taxi drivers to help with logistics and traffic. I am sure they'd love to expand their business.
Me too. I love pasta!
I'm not sharing mine either.  I'm a desert master, so I'll be in charge of making the sweets.
The fan favorites are my homemade brownies with and without the homemade frosting, as well as my homemade cheesecakes.

, aliens don't exist.
You cant  prove either possibilty.
, yes I can. Earth is the only planet confirmed to have living things.
Confirmed by who? People who have never been futher than mars.
, it's still a fact. Can't say that fact is false.
I dont know what to say again except that you need to pull your head out of your ass.
, wow, so instead of evidence that you think is proof that aliens exist, you insult me. No one should take you seriously.
this might be a fake finding and the word "habitable" were mentioned to make people excited and let someone to waste money to test it!
why are you so opposed to possibly one of the most important discoveries of the century?!
ur right the lunar landing had nothing to do with anal sex 
...
Stop lying NASA you've found nothing.
Fascinating! Keep that news of discovery and innovation coming.
Aliens hiding like
I’m counting on you NASA to make spacecraft and let us fly among the stars
Ohhh cute discovery !
@hatspur dare you tell me this ain't cool as fuck
I'm ready to go
bags packed
great!...so you can tell us that, yet cut the live feed when a UFO comes into orbit around Earth... #NeverAStrightAnswer
how do i get one of those posters showing all the exoplanets?
I haven't checked yet, but I think they said you can download it from NASA
https://exoplanets.nasa.gov/resources/2159/ 
Thanks
“@NASA: New record! We’ve found 7 Earth-sized planets around a single star outside our solar system; 3 in habitable zone” SMELL YA LATER!xox

she liked this omg
@DalSportsGal I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE.
But what about our underground bunker with MREs and Dawson's Creek? 
We'll take it with us!
let's gooooooooooooooooo
Pics or it didn't happen
They're making it up. You'll be telling me Tupac is living up there next.
please send me
is there any aliens
hi
wOAH do you know if cold temperatures are a constant in the new planets or are some just in an ice age of some sort?
also, are there any volcanoes on any of them that can help make land on the planets??
also need to be on the look out for single celled organisms
Thanks, your timing couldn't be better.
@mxrissaray
I can't wait to live on another planet
sorry, they have boyfriends.
@Thu_Duo WOW!  I love the name too! Trappist!
I want to be the first to leave this planet lol.  It must be so awesome working for NASA.  Brilliant work, everyone!
OH SHIT
Sounds good, but it's impossible to get there!:-)
very cool stuff. Sign me up for the mission. I can cook and play drums
@mr_jettlife
@EbisikeEbube what?????
Wonderful News!  How soon we can visit so we can gather GOLD AND DIAMONDS for our Taxpayers to feed their families!

FREE CYPRUS!!!
This  I love this after the GOES-16 
Never, not about what God will not be 128 thousand retvittov.
Find a way to get me there. On a one-way ticket. Please.
a million to arrive hahahah
Woah!
you should have ended this tweet with.. "what did you do today!?"
to travel..... There is always a way. .... its just we haven't found it yet. We have to keep looking.
@_Deannnn
@majornelson @EliteDangerous time to get into our ships and explore those new planets right?
when are we goin?
@kylieegetz the 7 universes
lmao the truth just came to me, I can't explain how
you're all knowing that's the only explaination
, something needs to be done VERY SOON IF WE ARE TO SURVIVE NIBIRU!
seriously awesime
@woodmontcyn Not good news for the planets .... our traces on earth prove it
so does this mean that Lazarus mission is a go?
Great. More worlds for mankind to destory.
is this #FakeNews #asknasa @jimmyfallon
good timing on this cuz the orange goon's trying to push this one down the shitter
Yup. But the real problem is finding out what's on the surface, what the atmosphere is like, what kind of seasons, if any.
AMAZINGGGGGGGGGGG
@xo_Damage
that's literally insane!!
if there aliens would they tell the humans and how soon will they know?
@jacobcoleman98
how'd you know I'd like this
good job
We need the images, not only the text
Whoa!
that is really cool
so beautiful
can you ban Trump from every single one? Cause we don't need him fucking those ones up too
@rachelboston Old News
all we wanna know is if there are any aliens!!!
I wish to live in there.
propaganda much??
I do realize, xcept that we r so dumb, we forget that 'habitable' means miraculous in ur language. Keep watching.
hope humanity survives long enough to make it there
what if they discovered us too?
Will we go a scoot sure?
from where the photo has been clicked!!
@Diana_Oleksyn let's go
thanks for my first wishand félicitations for your fantastic worktry now to find The Arche of Noe ...
that looks beautiful
so how long til we get ships that can go the speed of light boys?
Goldilocks zone!!! Let's name them "Mama Bear", "Papa Bear" and "Baby Bear"!
we need them pictures
do they contain protective atmosphere to sustain the conditions for living beings?
are they flat?
youre a genius scott
how did you "see" them so far away??
Boots up @EliteDangerous. "I'ma go take a look. I'll get back to you soon with my findings, kk?" 
this is a case for @Tsoukalos

bye everybody I'm out
all planets are inhabitable all planets have life.
goodbye earth
@demiscy 
so when the sun explodes we can go to  those planets
we can be there in 46 years six months three days nine hours if we leave right now!
yeah I know - very exciting! Hopefully NASA will find out more about this system once the James Webb telescope is launched.
I like it!  Only 40 light years away... *sigh*
@ValaAfshar Fantastic!Send Trumps of this world over.We'll greet them+wave:it'll be a bigly crowd than any inauguration ever, u'll see
how long would it take to get there in a rocket?
Varshra wuoted this @Varun_dvn @ShraddhaKapoor
17,410,742 brave UK colonists urgently required to colonise these new worlds.
Amazing! 
You do realize that that "thing" you retweeted is CGI... ie a Computer Generated Image?
遂に未知との遭遇ですね！
友好的でありますように！
トモダーチ！
so it would roughly take us 186000 years to get there?   maybe they would meet us half way? #nicealiens
Damn thats cool
@ladowis omg
@JessyAssy ya I heard it on the news today. They're rocky apparently
What's new about this discovery? Or did you just find more of the same?
@a9frani 

Sorry but Thamer alshnab says all these Researchs are lie 
@erin_md2 erin you're a fake NASA fan you didn't know about this until i told you
Tell Everybody! @isabeled17 @NASA @erin_md2 Great News #NASA
OMG 
that's nice and all but me and @moisturizeds still going to Saturn so...
Aliens
that's absolutely amazing just imagine what that can mean to us
Love that when we're told the planets could have some water & maybe life on the surface we're all like SHOW US THE LITTLE GREEN MEN!
so when y'all going to one of them? That's the real question

How far away?
Do you think humans will populate our verse? Will our technology advance fast enough that we won't die out beforehand? Curious.
We movin or what?
@dsmom09 Yeah let the humans go there and cause shit like we do here.
true that
Been doing it for centuries. 
this is great, but what if aliens have different tolerances to temperature  & gravity and breathe different gases to humans?
Vous avez pas trouvé une frappe de Giroud par hasard ?
@majornelson That's pretty cool. Nice pic as well.
can we move to one of these new planets and not bring Donald trump?
piango
announce those aliens
7 nuevos planetas y en todos #salchipulposelacomedoblada @EPN @AndreaLegarreta @programa_hoy @Pickwatch @cepillintv
but you've known for a while. Only making the announcement to secure government funding...smh
When are we planning to head over there?
Send #MatthewMcConaughey to check them out.. but by no means send #MattDamon. Thank you very much.
bad news is they are all in habited by...
The star was named TRAPPIST-1 which came from the Transiting Planets and Planetesimals Small Telescope (TRAPPIST) in La Sila, Chile.
could I hitch a ride there?
@SebNice get packing

not really :3
I LOVE THE ENTHUSIASM
How kickass would it be to have another exploration age like in early AD?
would be so dope. Unfortunately space is fucking massive and we haven't broken physics yet 
true that. I just hope we see something on it's surface in our lifetime It took something like, 3 years to get a probe on
well @SpaceX is already working on the rocket to get us there. Should be ~10ish years!!
The 5-year old in me just did a backflip in excitement That's amazing
dude is a boss @elonmusk
