Undocumented =nice definition for illegal. Just like borrowing without intent of repayment or return is stealing. Stop politispeak
so you only choose laws you like, your a SAD representative of the people
Thank you!  Thank you!  Thank you!  I'm heartbroken for our community today.  We need hope!  Thank you!
You are the one who shows no respect for dreamers.why haven't you made a immigration law to take care of the situation. In how many years.
How many years have you let pass by? Y'all suck in DC.
I'm with you Senator.  Happy u represent us in Illinois!!
This is important. So is The #MedicareForAll Act which impacts everyone. Why is there no position statement on this important legislation?
How dare you "Best and Brightest" descibing illegal aliens wasnt appreciated & outrageous! They've been breaking the law for 30 years!
Yep. Now is the right time. Not when you had both houses on Congress & Presidency. Nope.
All BS
We are tired of Congress talking we need action.
we can't wait 
They have had free health care! Free dental and free orthodontics, free education, and law abiding citizens have debt!
Non citizens do not qualify for any aid in this country. Everyone is eligible for emergency health care in the country,
Yes! AND pass comprehensive immigration reform that recognizes how much immigrants CONTRIBUTE to our economy! https://t.co/SmMSTwobCc?amp=1
It should be citizens first who do you represent? you and the rest of congress need  #TermLimits
Write off student loans, give free health care to all and free college! Then its fair! All our kids can be best and brightest!
To bad you don't fight as hard for working American citizens, you know them, the people the Democrat Party now turns their back on.
Please continue to help these young people. Your statement gives hope to so many
Sen Durbin that you for supporting #Dreamers now you must get Congress to act ASAP #NotMyPresident  is a loser & dishonest person FAKE Love
I agree and its about time, now can you do the budget that way, and other important issues , and get drug companies out of FDA Congress butt
And hard working American Citizens can't wait to be rid of these tax $$ mooching criminals
Senator, with so many priorities right now (Harvey, budget, debt limit) #DACA should be right up with them. Or alongside perhaps. 
Americans have issues too, instead everyone is worried about illegals..
Please make sure your AMERICANS are taken care of FIRST!
@realDonaldTrump gave you six months to fix this unconstitutional executive order so get busy @SenDuckworth @KamalaHarris
I trust after all of your hard work in defending #DACA in the U.S. Senate that you'll protect the Dreamers still.
U could 2 shits less about DACA #crookedDick all u give a damn about is $$$$ fundraising
Congress must act? You guys have been derelict in your duty on this for decades but I guess it's easy to blame Trump.
I support u as always. I pray u hav Congress w/ hearts & no racist bigotry. Jeff Sessions is a bigot to overcome by his own words.
..... So funny. #DreamAct is a free amnesty which you know Trump would never sign. Such a joke.
Thank you Senator.
Please right this wrong.  America is watching!
Pass DACA into law to save 800,000 Dreamers from job loss or even deportation.
@senrobportman I hope you will co-sponsor the bipartisan Dream Act with @LindseyGrahamSC so we can save the DACA kids.
@SenSherrodBrown I hope you will again co-sponsor the Dream Act so we can save the DACA kids.
What are u doing for the city of Chicago? How do u help them stop the crime? You want our vote? Then u tell us what u do for the citizens?
Thank you my senator!
Sometimes competency can be revived. Make me a believer that you can recover from the last 8 years.
Thank you.
@POTUS I knew it. Dem Congress & RINOs will use DACA BS to not work on HC, Tax Reform, Infrastructure, etc. This is their priority not US.
If it was so important, why didn't you "act" on it when Obama was in office?
Thank you, Senator! You have my support.
Dreamers can apply for citizenship as outlined in our laws. Because Democrats/Obama doNOT respect RuleOfLaw/Constitution-they created a mess
Oh ya? Exactly what are those laws?
Thank you Senator Durbin
Please lead the charge against this horribly cruel act by a heartless racist.
So act, compromise and Legislate don't tweet.
Why didn't u do this while obama was in office?
chicken in the whitehouse cant face people about this
and we need to impeach him asap
Work to clean up the problem, not the symptom. Attack on DACA is the #distraction symptom.
You r are disconnected from reality.millions of kids r dreamers here in the http://US.you  offer nothing 2 them, failing all of us
The offspring of Legal American citizens are dreamers also but rewarding the parents criminal behavior is a terrible example
Democrats had the house the senate and the presidency for the first 2 years of the Obama terms. Why no action when you had the chance Dems?
Thank you, Senator Durbin. #DefendDREAMers #DREAMAct #Resist
@SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @realDonaldTrump   Yep...the democrats could use 800,000 more votes. Do it again next year..?
Pass a bill.
Take your statement and a dollar to most any cafe and you can get a cuppa coffee...
https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmXoypizjW3WknFiJnKLwHCnL72vedxjQkDDP1mXWo6uco/wiki/DREAM_Act.html …
President Obama, almost until the moment he enacted DACA, insisted such an act by the President would be unconstitutional!
Why the hell didn't you DEMS. DO SOMETHING BACK WHEN YOU HAD FULL CONTROL??
immigration is a matter for the legislative branch of government you are in drivers seat Senator. The DACA Dreamers are counting on you all.
Thank you! #DACA
For some it may be too late.. some had to return to their countries knowing all along they were American at heart forever. Very sad.
We are With You Senator  ROS
We are tired of his lies. Congress must step up, this situation, his leadership by lies, is taking this country to a dark place.
This should have been done years earlier now the President can mentally abuse the dreamers with his hate and bigotry
Senator. If you vow to fight I'll fight like hell right alongside you.
You can't fight your way through a shopping crowd.
Wow!!  You mean laws passed by Congress instead of Executive Order.. What a groundbreaking idea!!!
The Dream Act would need to be revised. Give us a clean Bill.
