BREAKING: President Trump grants pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona.
Illegals have civil rights to trespass in our country?  Trump was elected to fix it
A newborn died in prison thanks to Arpaio's practices, but please, do go on about "illegals."
How many lives were saved because he took illegals off the streets?
Oh you think only "illegals" commit crimes? So it doesn't matter to you when US citizens commit sex crimes, including against children?
Stay on topic! Doesn't have a thing to do with Pardon
Yet here you are, ranting about "illegals" when Arpaio was held in contempt because he was going after Latino CITIZENS.
And illegals
Right, because looking at someone toooottally tells you their immigration status.

#Obama commuted the remaining prison sentence of Bradly (Chelsea) Manning, and swapped 5 Taliban for Bowe Bergdahl. #TraitorsAndDeserters
It's amazing how fast everyone forgets that we didn't know Bergdahl was a deserter until later.
Who's "everyone?"
Everyone who brings up the desertion in that specific context. Plenty of controversy there without it, ffs
If "facts matter," perspective & truth should be welcomed over #SelectiveAmnesia. (Note: No foul acronyms needed to make a point.)
I'm sorry you have a problem with free speech. Have a nice day.
It isn't a free speech issue. It's a matter of personal decency and common respect. Enjoy today!
Personal decency is believing in the importance of context so as not to mislead people, as far as I'm concerned. You too.
Injustice once again
So a racist vigilante is pardoned by Trump. Horrible.
Obama used his power to imprison people that spoke up against him.
Hi Tami, have you heard about 'whataboutism'? I don't accept that excuse from my children, let alone my presidents. Enjoy your day!tmyk
Here's an important what about fact that I'm sure you would ignore if it was your kids "whataboutfact" being  denied a trial by jury.
???
What about Obamas pardons of convicted drug dealers in mass or Clinton contributors? Hypocrisy!!
What Clinton person are you talking about? Most of those drug offenses were commuted not pardoned and not a damn one didn't serve time.
This is so dismaying. Trump throws the judicial system in Americans faces. How dare he pardon that jerk. Crimes by Trump keep on going.
Thank you Joe, you did the right thing under the law. You should be given a medal. I hope they allow you a full retirement you deserve it.
Trumps America: If you're a patriotic transgender you can't serve your country but if you're a cruel & racist criminal the world is yours.
Another clown that has never been in a foxhole and has no clue about life and death.
To everyone on this thread begging the Sen to do something: ALL OF US need to do something. Vote blue. Volunteer. Donate to Dem candidates.
If that happens we will be a Cuba in a few years
Such an all or nothing view there. You do realize there are graduations between extremes, right?
Is it Turrets Thursday?
Takr Trump to court. ARPAIO NEEDS TO GO TO TRIAL & JAIL..Why should people W/money akways go Scott free?
President Trump did his research, listen to him.
Where are the CONSEQUENCES for Trump abusing power? #ImpeachTrumpNow
Joe Arpaio followed the law, a legal immigrant do not care to be checked, is proud to be legal, he was railroaded before the election.
Marc Rich? Anyway, Arpaio not elected to serve illegal immigrants
Chelsea Manning violated military law of those he swore to serve. Pardoning him(her?) is an insult to them & an abuse of the pardon power.
Actually this was an Obama revenge tactic for the birther issue! Joe is a good man and was a great sheriff. Please stop spreading lies!
Abuse was committed when he was prosecuted in the first place and an activist judge finds him contempt for enforcing the law you feds wont

"By pardoning Arpaio, Trump made it clear that institutional racism is not just OK with him. It is a goal."

http://www.azcentral.com/story/opinion/editorial/2017/08/25/donald-trump-resurrects-joe-arpaio-irrelevance/604067001/ …
Do something ,Article 25
Obama , Al Gore, Ayers, Valarie Jarrett, George Soros, Maurice Strong all in on 9/11 to make $$$$ off carbon trading scam  CCX.  Reopen 9/11
Supporting Trump = get out of jail free card
Like Chelsea Manning and Obama???   That's just one of over 1k he pardoned.   Your tweet is non-factual and a joke
Well said @SenatorDurbin, well said.
Joe Arpaio violated the civil rights of those he was elected to serve. Pardoning him is an insult to them & an abuse of the pardon power. https://twitter.com/AP/status/901234784415952896 …
Well said, yes BUT, if Sen Durbin doesn't set wheels in motion against 45 his words will mean nothing!
Uh…you’re aware as the minority in the Senate, he has no real way to set wheels in motion, right?
ANYONE Can start wheels in motion! Being in a minority doesn't matter esp when there are those on the other side of the aisle who feel same!
You are simultaniously jurisprudently and morally correct, sir.
Sir, we have a racist in the WH. If you have no plan to remove him please resign. Voters are tired of politicians not comprehending this
What can or will you do about this outrage, Senator Durbin? How much more of 45's actions are going to be left ignored! He needs to GO! ASAP
So when Obama released thousands and a few hundred with life sentences where you outraged about this too
I am not sure who's civil rights he violated? Are illegals now covered by the constitution? #divider
Evil is as evil does
When is this joke going to be impeached
Congress and the senate needs to pass new laws against a trump like figure ever running sgain! We are depending on you
No one should ever be able to run for the oval office that is mentally disturbed and a racist and no education.
After Trump and his administration is a child for treason and corruption, you need to pass new laws to protect us from this kind of human
Please tell me how there are no laws protecting this country from a bigot racist pig sitting in the oval office
He is destroying our country why Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan sit on their hands and do nothing. November 2018 we take our country back
Please tell me Mr. Durbin, when is the government going to remove this Cancerous tumor from the White House?
Nice words, Senator. Strong words, even. But when are you and your colleagues actually going to DO SOMETHING?
It's always about politics with Trump and always showing his bigotry and ignorance.
the only insult is when you clowns take more money from US that we really don't have n give it away to people that don't even belong here
Who is POTUS going to pardon next?
His son?
Did you say anything when Obama pardoned terrorists? Hypocrite
You mean the same way @SenatorDurbin is insult to all legal citizens who elected him to serve them. Not to advocate for illegal immigrants.
Joe is a patriot.  How many loosers did Obama Pardon and did you say a word
@AP And how many terrorists, treasonous convicted felons did Obama pardon? That is okay w you? You are hypocrites.
This from a Senator who tries to convince us citizens that breaking our immigration laws is okay. That they deserve something from us.
Divider Dick u didn't complain when Obama released terrorists from Gtmo. Where was ur outrage then? More double standard from u & other Dems
And he violated contempt of court order and a federal judge.
Correct Sir!
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
trumpf is vile
This only serves to confirm that he has NO values or moral compass. This is purely political and  in keeping with the racism he's shown.
Only punishment 4 blacks & browns not white men n contempt like joe Arpaio
My senators, @JohnCornyn and @SenTedCruz, seem okay with it. Silence = their tacit approval.  Will you be my senator?
Well fortunately your branch of Gov has power to do something, get organized and Do Something!!!!
Worse people have been pardoned. We are too soft on crime! He took away the picnic for inmates even though I don't agree with all he did.
Illegals have no rights under the constitution. They are criminals, have broken the law just by coming here illegally.
Didn't you insult our troops? Our #military? You have a nerve complaining about a patriot, @RealSheriffJoe.
My senator 
Say it with me 
#ImpeachTrump
Dick Durbin is the best reason for Term Limits #corrupt
And such abuse is impeachable.  All Democrats in House and Senate should draw up articles based on Presidential abuse of power forthwith.

This pardon is a classic abuse of presidential power. It dares Congress to use its own powers to preserve and protect the Constitution.
Please keep fighting. I support you.
The pardon is like slapping a wet rag in the face of American values.  Shameful presidential action.
Yet illegal immigrants can break the laws all day long right??
Dick Durbin only 2 interest himself the other is selling out to every misfits ass he can lick !
Frustration and anger with #BLOTUS while Americans suffer. Please save us from his vindictive hatefulness. He is not fit. #ImpeachTrumpNow
You sir, wish to welcome/harbor illegal immigrants in violation of US laws. I suggest you resign for not upholding the laws of this country!

Prayers answered  @RealSheriffJoe pardoned by @POTUS 

Well deserved after unfairly targeted for enforcing the…
Yes, it is an abuse which constitutes an impeachable offense. So, MOC must act Now!
Your message is worn out.  DNC is done!!  The constitution is the law of the land. #BuildTheWall #deportthemall
Makes sense as @realDonaldTrump  is racists and doesn't care about minorities. @SenJohnMcCain
Says who - you? Please spare us the liberal BS!
Lying Sack Of Durbin the difference between someone that enforces laws vs people like you that trample the constitution #durbindouchbag
Ah. Abuse of power. Impeachable offense?
If the majority can't find a way to put an end to this abomination of our country and values, something is very amiss.
Another Dem?? Look who B.Clinton and Obama pardoned!!
He enforced the laws. If it was up to you would have open borders and give amnesty to all undocumented (ILLEGALS )
Only 1000 number is the amount of times you have said this exact tweet. #GetALife #FeelSorryThatDog
@AP One criminal pardoning another
Apparently he must of thought since Obama wasn't gonna do his job someone had 2 Also Obama released 100's of convicted felons
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuugh. He's not fit to serve. Get rid of him.
If all you do is "tweet" about this, you're no better than him. DO SOMETHING!!!!
I keep thinking we've hit the bottom, and then it goes deeper. This is heartbreaking -- not the US I used to believe in.
Well open your home up for illegal immigrants then..since you seem to like that
..whats the address???
So Dick, when are you going to help those in Chi-Raq who are constitutionally violated daily? Respond to that Dick!
Pipe down Dickie. It was a witch hunt. Know your place and your powers. You're an embarrassment to Illinois.
What else would you expect a racist to do? Pardon another racist. If there were any doubt prior to today, this should allay those doubts.
Send a msg against racist like Arpaio. Call for resignation of Brannigan @takeonhate
As opposed to pardoning traitors to the U. S.? Were you outrage then?
For enforcing the immigration laws that POTUS44 refused to enforce?
Surely even the GOP think this is wrong.....can't you all pull together for a change and do something?
As a constituent of yours PLEASE DO SOMETHING !!
Just as insulting when Braddley Manning was pardoned, so...
Please impeach that bigotted racist!
@Phillygirl1441 @AP No Fucking Way! Damned Racist!
He shows his true self more and more each day. He is an enemy of the state and should be dealt with accordingly!
President Obama pardoned Chelsey "Bradly" Manning, a traitor to his country and numerous drug dealers, so ...
It was you Dems who railroaded him. It back fired.
#IMPEACHNOW
Thank you for addressing this, wish @RepKinzinger would do the same. #ImpeachTrumpNow .
Impeachment must come.
For what crime???
Omg!!! What the F!?!!!
Next is #ElChapo & he might be also getting a monument; he was also "only doing his job" right?? #FridayFeeling #DefendDACA #Resist
He was upholding the law you fool. Your boy the Muslim was the one who abused the pardon power. Our President Trump is awesome.
He will be working at the White House next.
As he should be...dam good on illegal immigration
Okay, "chad" with 29 followers.
What about BHO pardon terrorist,killers,drug dealers ,you are Hillary and BHO http://AssKisser.RIP  Democratic Party 2016.
Yes! Please-DO Something!! We need to stop him from any/all pardons! Proud that you and Sen Duckworth rep IL-and we need you now!
Did you say this when Obama used it also??
What exactly are you going to do about it.  The you means congress.  What is the next step.  We are defenseless without congressional action
Yet u said nothing when obama pardoned ppl who ruined lives by selling them drugs
IMPEACH!
Not a surprise but so shameful. Trump's actions are so destructive and divisive.
Sure dont blame illegal immigrants that are breaking the law
So GET RID OF HIM!!!!!!!

Stop talking. 

DOOOOOOO SOMETHING!!!!!
Trump does not care he stepping all over the Constitution & GOP leaders R Allowing it because they R corrupt helping  destroying democracy
Love  Joe!!!!!!! Your Done!
Congress needs to stop this now!
Revolting.
Exactly!!
It's beyond the pale. We are living in mad max times now I am begging our elected officials to stand up with morality-courage.
I respect you Sen Durbin but it is time to Lead!  We need Congress to push for impeachment NOW.  No more hiding behind political parties
Get over it.
Another #CrimeAgainstAmerica
So:Do something about it!
So what is Congress planning to do ?
Abuse of power....get him out of office!!! He can not be above the law. Please hold him accountable.
He has the power to pardon who ever he wants just like Obama did...get over it
Why do you all not do anything about Trump? He isn't even a Republican!
Is this the best u can do?? You need to worry abt the the Constant Killing that goes on in your state daily. DO YOUR JOB!!
And like others are saying you NEED to do more than tweet like our racist greedy illegitimate pres. We voted you in and can vote you out.

I agree with many here- carefully worded tweets and press releases are nice, but it is time for action. You've got to do something.
He's practicing for all of his collusion-related pardons to be.
Its so much more than that.

You are violating my rights to obtain affordable health care by not tweaking, fixing or replacing aca. 60 yrs.Old 900mo. Get to work!
What are you going to do about it? No more words. We need ACTION.
Action is something durnin doesn't know, he only TALKS
@SenatorDurbin ...how do we stop this madness? I ask that with all sincerity.
Stop illegal immigration.  Problem solved
History will record what you do, not what you tweet. Illinoisans will support you if you push to the limits of your office and the Senate.
There's nothing to do. Trump pardoned a sheriff who was persecuted by an activist judge because he followed the law.Not much of a story here
Joes a hero.
You forgot to add: "to racists"
Then do something about it already.
Disgusting abuse of power. #ImpeachTrump #TrumpResignNow
Then what about ALL the criminals that Obama pardoned. Where is was your twitter outrage then!?!
Somebody needs to get rid of trump or comit him to a mental hospital  a s a p
The constitution is clear - please stop grandstanding
Sheriff Arpaio ignored a Judges order to not arrest illegal immigrants that had not violated State Law. Think about that for a min
During an ELECTION year against one of your DNC boys Senator....Sheriff Joe is a Hero against illegal immigration.
If there's an election all bets are off huh...if that's a hero, we are doomed
The only person guilty of civil rights violations is Obama who released hundreds of drug dealing thugs to the streets to reoffend and have
Yes it is!  What I wrote:
Ok do something.  Quitting screwing around and impeach the sob.  Enough
Alt-Right Trump gives imprimatur to Arpaio while GOP twiddles thumbs
Mark Rich
Please do something. Save America from a man unfit for the office of the Presidency.
I'm not ur constituent, but I'm Tammy Duckworth's.
To add insult, Arpaio feels no regret of any kind

The pardon opens the door to all kinds of hell
That makes Trump a contribution to the crime!
Do we forget so fast on everyone Obama pardoned@
No, he was protecting the people of Arizona and the country as a whole.
For a president starved for executive achievements this pardon is the equivalent of low hanging fruit. Low hanging, spoiled, rotting fruit.
...and Obama commuted traitor Bradley Manning's sentence.  Great being President, isn't it, Dick?
When will the @GOP get the message that it's time to do SOMETHING?
Citizens still have some remedies
Well, a pardon is an admission of guilt by Arpaio, which will open him up to many lawsuits.  His choice I suppose.
Yes Dems have a responsibility hold him to account DJT just said f u to Latinos LGBTQ Jews AfrAmericans Judges & all Americans
He abuses everything! Hope someday @GOP stands up for all of us.
here here here love you senator
...then when he fired Comey. Trump is still here. WHAT DOES IT TAKE to get an impeachment on abuse of power?
#ImpeachTrump impe NOW
TRUMP trying to bury this during a massive hurricane...Please rally Dems & Congress to speak out against his continuous support of racism!!!
... from the Russian investigation. He abused his power when he tried to get our former F.B.I. Director Comey to drop the investigation...
Trump is dictator.USA fell.Democracy gone.@GOP should be proud.They want a feudal system.It's all coming together.asap I'm out USA
Simple. Under @realdonaldtrump The judicial system is not relevant. Judges ruling will mean nothing. More to come I am sure.
Agreed. What are YOU going to do about it?
DJT just made himself king/dictator. Fed laws r now meaningless for his friends/allies. Congress/Judiciary must act to preserve democracy.
Yeah, because Obama and all the previous Presidents never pardoned anyone.  That's ridiculous.
