Please get well soon. We need you!
Best wishes, Senator Durbin.
Prayers, hope you get better
Wishing CHD Champion Senator Dick Durbin a speedy recovery! #ACHACares
And why do you have this need to publicly tell people this? If you popped a pimple o your hinder would you have this need to publicly tell?
Heal well. Many wishing you good, healthy thoughts.
Thanks Senator Durbin and be well.
Speedy recovery to you
Speedy healing! Thanks for all you do!
Stay well. You're needed.
Good to hear you are doing well. These times are making my heart flip and flop in odd ways too. Only the best.
@DebbieMayf And your guaranteed top-notch insurance.
Take care.  We need you more than ever.  Thank you for all you do for Illinois & the Real America.
healing.... blessings
Get well quickly.  We need you.
Take care of yourself! America needs a good Senator like you! Thank you for all the hard work you do!
I hope you get better soon.We need you
Most people cannot afford such treatments. They have to live on medication. Such is the life of a Congressman, not on ObamaCare
Glad your procedure went well and you can help us for many more years.
Good luck to a good man.
All the best to you and your family, and all those caring for you. Feel better soon!
Get well soon, I love you bye
Feel better soon, Sir, Illinois needs you!
Have a speedy recovery, @SenatorDurbin.
for swift recovery and thank you for representing us well
Take care and be well!
Hoping you have a speedy recovery @SenatorDurbin!!! The @GOP should take note that this could have been any of them or their loved ones!
Get well soon!
Glad procedure went as planned. Stay healthy as we need you to keep fighting against Trumpcare.
It's great to hear that you're doing well, thank you for representing us!
happy healing! sending well wishes for a quick recovery. thank you for all you do.
best wishes for healing!
Heal fast! Stay strong! We need you! 
Get well soon, Senator. We need your good governing and integrity.
Glad that you are okay. Thank you again for your effective representation.
.@SenatorDurbin, best wishes for a speedy recovery. NW Med is the best!
Wishing you an uncomplicated and full recovery!
Prayers for a speedy recovery
My husband had the same procedure done in August in Belleville IL. He's doing great now. Hope yours is just as successful!
Will you show us transparency and post your cost for this procedure?
best wishes for quick recovery. Just found out that I had prostrate Cancer. We both now have pre-existing conditions. Good luck with H-Care
Hang in there, some of us actually need you. Get well soon. Cheers!
Please get well.
We need you.
Get well, soon !
Best wishes for a speedy recovery!
Good news! Now we want the same kind of medical plan you have without referrals with immediate treatment like you, Kennedy, and Giffords
Glad the classic roadster is tuned up and  ready for many more years!
Wishing you a speedy and full recovery. I know all too well about afib.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery.
Best wishes for a full recovery! we need you! #GetWellSoonSenDurbin
Be well!
Hey!  Take care!  We need your good sense every day!
Wishing you health and healing.
Why can't everyone have gravy healthcare like you get, and we pay for it
Take care of yourself. You're needed!
Wishing you smooth recovery. Welcome to the atrial flutter club.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery!
Hope you are well. Thx for sharing your story. Your continued support of healthcare for all is greatly appreciated. Glad you are my senator!
Hope you have a speedy recovery.
Best wishes for a full recovery.
Best wishes for a full recovery!
Quick recovery Senator!
Prayers & best wishes sent your way
You're the best, Senator! Get some rest but don't watch the Cubs. Not good for the heart.
God speed, Senator, We still need you here in Illinois
Best of wishes for a speedy recovery!
Hope you're on the mend and glad you have good healthcare to cover it!

Speedy recovery, and many more years to your fruitful life!
Senator Durbin - get well soon
Glad. My sister, who makes free audio books for blind and ill, has a rare heart condition and requires very expensive medicine to stay alive
Happy that you are ok. Bless you.
Glad you're ok. Sheesh, be well. Not be selfish, but we can't afford to lose a Dem in the Senate right now.
praying for a speedy recovery!
we may have our differnces but do what you have to do to get healthy. Dont try to push it too soon.
Get well @SenatorDurbin WE NEED YOU!!
Best wishes for a speedy and full recovery, wishing you the best of health!
Be well Senator!
Glad to hear it went well & another reminder that'd be a pre existing condition the @GOP wants to charge you more for or deny outright
At least you can get in to see a doctor in less than a month and a half. Wish I could.
Wishing you well, @SenatorDurbin!
I'm glad all went well. We need you fighting for our democracy!  #TrumpTreason #Trumprussia
Best wishes for robust health, Senator.
Get well soon! We appreciate all that you do for us in Illinois and the U.S.
Be well.
We need you to be strong, continue the fight, persist.
Bless your heart!
Why didn't you go to Planned Parenthood...they provide healthcare...and would have saved us taxpayers!
NOT PAID FOR BY OBAMA CARE....Dick voted to not have it...he didn't want it....but everybody else should!
What are you talking about?
Get some rest and feel better! Best wishes in your recovery.
Hope all went well. Question though, why not go to single payer country since Dems always fawn over their system?
Take your time to heal so that you can stay well and live long. Best wishes-
Stay healthy, we need you. Best wishes too you.
Get Well and back to work as soon as possible - we need you!  
Get well soon. We need you.
Best wishes.  My Dad has that condition but nothing has helped
You could because of us, the American people. You owe us the same!
