There’s a tendency in Congress to debate how the latest attack could have been prevented. But what are we doing to prevent the next attack?
The notion that there’s no way to prevent gun violence is false—and without action to stop gun attacks, Congress is complicit in them.
Senator, I respect your work but let's stop with the meaningless thoughts and prayers and get some serious gun control in place.
Please rally the troops & fight for harsher gun laws. How many more tragedies are required before action is taken? Putting my faith in you!
Insane people shoot other people
Only the armed forces and special forces should have assault weopons.
Senator, pass a bill to change our nation's motto from "In God We Trust" to "DUCK!"
Dick Durbin: RETIRE, PLEASE
STOP WASTING YOUR TIME! Eliminate the 2nd amendment and close down NRA or else this will be the normalcy, it already IS anyway...
The gun didn't attack anybody.  A deranged idiot did using a gun.
Prayers ain't gonna cut it. Is there anything else our leaders (you) can do?
#Durbin is a lapdog Of #Hillary & #schumer
sure ur thoughts are there, mine r with ur resistance you join in on orders to u from @SenSchumer & @HillaryClinton .
We don't need your thoughts, we need you to act and put an end to this needless violence! #GunControlNow
The unspeakable terror in LV once again shows the need for gun laws and the recognition of white male terrorists. Pray for all the victims.
This is something we deal with every single day on the southside of Chicago what are you doing about it Durbin??? Help the S.S. of Chicago.
It's actually hundreds of victims when you consider those injured. When will dems stand up to the gun lobby and push for common sense laws?
What are you going to do about gun control?
Govt just passed a $1.4 TR increase in Military spending and now everyone is shocked about slaughter in Vegas? Guns/War or Peace? chose 1
Guaranteed no legislation to stop the $ell of these killing machines. Let's hurry and vote on those silencers. GOP out of touch. #GunReform
Background checks, waiting periods, &  bans on assault weapons/silencers hurt no one but gun manufacturers & those intent on murder. ACT.
Please stop thinking and praying—do something.
Vote for gun control! Hold GOP feet to the fire to do same. What is wrong with you people???
Now it is time, Senator, to push towards efficacious gun laws.
Maybe it's time there was a discussion about gun control with these types of weapons no one needs them legitimately except police / military
Thoughts are useless in the absence of action.
Please gun control! Fight NRA’s$$! How many more must die? Nation cries, lead the fight Senator!
When will Assault Weapons be banned? Horrific shootings at concerts ball fields malls schools movies Niteclubs. Try to work on this for USA.
Past time to pass much better regulations on guns. "A well regulated militia....."
If its a nightmare why aren't you tweeting about gun control? If you really give a damn try to stop it!
I'm going to be hoping and praying that our elected reps and the courts acknowledge the words "well regulated" in the 2nd Amendment.
And don't forget "a well regulated MILITIA". Not an arsenal in every basement.
thoughts are not enough. people die b/c Congress refuses to pass gun control legislation. introduce a bill. #GunControlNow
Turn thoughts into action, please. How many innocent people need to be killed in order to spur congress into enacting stricter gun laws?!
How about an assault weapon ban?
Disgusting politicizing this on WGN this morning.  You need to research your Bill of Rights knowledge.  Shame on you.
Prayers and condolences are nice but you are in the position to help prevent this. #GunControlNow

Another mass shooting and predictably politicians will offer their thoughts and prayers rather than attempting anything meaningful.
Stop just "giving thoughts and prayers". How meaningless when people could have been saved with common sense #GunLaws. #BanAssaultWeapons
Thanks @GOP for trying to cut funding for mental illness treatment & for making it easy for mentally ill to buy guns...blood on your hands
Emphasis on Gun attack.
Unfortunately, your thoughts to do nothing to prevent this from happening again & again. WHAT WILL IT TAKE TO GET COMMON SENSE GUN CONTROL?
People are looking to you for solutions. It is passed time to create common sense gun regulations. We should not need to live in fear.
Yes it was a man pulling the trigger that committed the murders .  The gun was a tool.
I am listening to you now, Senator. This President is a liar and not worthy of our trust. We can always count on you. Thank you.
The Democrats who preach gun control, failed to pass laws when they controlled both chambers of congress and the White House! $$$ talks!
You forgot the word "terrorist".
Can you do more than offer thoughts and prayers??? Maybe pass some legislation that prevents mass shootings, TIA
Gun attack? It was terrorism.
We need to fix this problem Senator....  This is happening all too often.  Everyone is affected.
Now what do we do about assualt weapons gun laws?
My thoughts & prayers are w/LV. Let’s just make sure that restrictions on guns/silencers are strengthened, not weakened. #LasVegasShooting
What are you going to do to stop the gun violence. No citizen should have a machine gun
We need action not thoughts. The carnage has to stop
It's a nightmare this keeps happening over and over and over but you politicians won't actually help! #GunControlNow #MeltThemDown
So when will Democrats start pushing harder for better gun regulations?
Isn't this exactly why dems push for gun control? Because of terrorism like this? Why should they be silent now? Serious question.
Most establishment Democrats are too scared to push hard (for anything) that they think may endanger their reelection.
They are preemptively
-afraid of their opponent spinning their message to 'that guy wants to take your guns,' so they instead alienate the overwhleming amount-
-of people that are looking for some common sense gun regulations.
It's still referred to as 'gun control' & the fact that they don't even-
-try to reform the language associated with weapons regulation is all too telling.
Apart from American population no other countries really care about your mass shootings because You Reap What You Sow ,as with gun crazy usa
Do something!!
Gun control now! Please!! How much worse does it have to get?
Preaching to the choir Sarah
Can we embolden the choir?? Maybe???
Not likely
do not worry i am sure you and your party will find a way to use this to push your agenda!
Daily Stormer people spreading a rumor that shooter was "far left" and "anti-Trump."

Be aware. Refute it if you see it.
Australia most of European countries and Asian countries are gun free that's why they use cars trucks bomb vest as no access to guns
And to think, legislation to make it easier to acquire and own Silencers is currently making its way through Congress (H.R. 367).
frank!LAWORDERBORDER
benefitsALL-offense-defense
&silencers-threewaystreet
that'swhywehaveLAWtraffic
signalcontrol!-hoponpotus
agendaMAGA
