I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
He didn't forget. Never planned on keeping the promise.
He will not forget, stop obstructing and be a part of the solution
You are my Senator 
I remember the fist time I voted for you 
Thank you for fighting for healthcare
Come on, everyone knows the guys a liar.
Facts
Please keep fighting this disastrous bill.
That's what trump campaigned about!!!!
"Promises" only mean something if that person ever means what he says. When your word means nothing, your words mean nothing.
President Trump, why are you cutting Medicaid when you swore to us you wouldn't?
That was alternative fact
He forgot. #DumpTrump
"If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor"?
Hahaha a conman never intends to keep his promise they live by different rules keep up the pressure though
So, is @realDonaldTrump delusional or lying, or both?

@SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @cnnbrk @nytimes @TheDemocrats
Fake promises - Fake President
But now we know donny lied again.
You admit you said that now doing opposite. Liar, admitted liar.
@realDonaldTrump promises schmomises!
Impossible for #Trump to read & know details of #healthcare bill when he spends all his time on #twitter & watching #Fox #News.
or end Wall St influencing Wash DC or that was just case of amnesia?
He's just a pathological liar ...
Wait, What? You mean there's been dishonesty in this administration?
 not wit them.

The path we are on as a country with our spending is unsustainable yet democrats & some GOP just want to keep on spending.
How about democrats like yourself stop screaming about cuts when all he is trying to do is slow the GROWTH!!!!!!
he thinks that they are the same.
They are unsustainable. Something has to be done or they won't be around in 10 years. Same for Social Security.
I wonder was he lying like you.

Not increasing spending is it a cut
Is T five years old???

And healthcare for all!
Dick Durban..he'll do for the nation what Democrats have done to Illinois.
Since when is increasing at a slower pace called "cutting"?
He hasn't proposed any cuts! Just cutting down on future growth.
He was talking out of the other side of his mouth when he said that.
thank you for this, Senator! Keep up the good fight!
Do you remember when obama cut about 600 billion. You hypocrite
Keep it up!  You are doing a great job for the people of Illinois!
Democrats promised affordable health care for all!  Except if YOU worked, made over threshold they increased PREMIUMS. Punish workers, bad
Not cuts! Just not expanding to your liking! Stop the lies Senator!
Dick the Liar doesn't tell the whole story, Medicaid will not be cut instead it's absurd growth rate will be controlled.
Yes thank you
If my Social Security and Medicare are cut I will die! Simple as that!
Idiot
He said many things, meant none.
You are wasting your time with this He does not remember anything, nor does he wants to He said what he said to get easy applause and votes
He lied! Again!
Just another trump lie. What a shock.
I think that he considers defunding Medicaid different. Like, Medicaid will still exist. So it's not being cut. It's just not being funded.
Durbin needs to understand that an annual increase in Medicaid spending is NOT A CUT! 
STOP LYING DIDK!
Besides, those already on Medicaid will stay on Medicaid. The requirements haven't changed. Why not add jobs instead of enabling laziness?
Medicaid wasn't cut.All the $$ that were added the last 8years to put people on Medicaid was lowered in hopes to get those to work not mooch
He doesn't know what Medicaid is.
"Promise" and "Trump" should never be in the same sentence ever.
Notice he said "state that." Kept his options open.
Why is the president calling members of Senate "sleazy"
Because they are!!!
There's a chart for that, from @SenSanders
Oh silly Senator! He didn't know the difference btwn Medicaid & Medicare! How could he possibly be expected to keep that promise?
Like Obama's promise to keep my plan? Like Bush's promise of no new taxes? Like Clinton's promise I did not have sexual relations...?
He's a liar.  This is clear to all but rabid supporters now.
