Because 800,000 new voters will keep him in office FOREVER....
#ChicagoCrimeFamily is no different than a #MexicanCartel
Dickie, fighting for what?  Your crummy Senate Seat?  Definitely nothing else, based upon your record.
Dick is fighting for illegals! How about fighting for your constituents? I am here legally and would like tax relief.
Let DACA end, then go to the cemetery and kill all the zombies that vote for you too.
#StandUnitedProtectDACA #ProtectDREAMers 
#WeStandWithYou 
The dream is need to be a citizen just like you.

right on
Oh thank yoU  durbin
You should fight for U.S. children who can't get into a bordertown schools because there are too many kids from Mexico using U.S. addresses.

Thank you so much for your long-standing support for DREAMers nationwide. Proud to have you represent me in DC!
Thanks for supporting #dreamers #DACA and for making #America a welcoming country like @ellisisland immigrants #HereToStay
I don't hear the Irish, Ukrainians, Chinese, polish complaining. Why do you think that is?
You are wrong, if you think there is no European and Asians who have benefited by #DACA program
When do you fight for citizen's dreams? Shouldn't they be first? Isn't that what you swore an oath for?

So how much are you being paid to continue the Globalist ideology?
Even if the vote republican?
Thanks for all your effort
Dick Durbin is a fan of law breaking... good to know. 
You fight for illegal immigrant rights while siccing the FBI and IRS on conservative doners.  You're one big fraud.
How nice, you won't or can't do anything for citizens but bring on the illegals
Spoken from a lifetime politician whose state is The Highest Murder rate and Broke...
Fight for the future
MAKE IT A CLEAN BILL 
TIRED of the fake concern when the lobbiest and that dang wall keep trying to get in our pockets.
If the Dreamers want to dream, they should first go back to where they came from and then dream about coming here LEGALLY! Durbin, YOU SUCK!
@SenatorDurbin , this girl from Illinois will NOT B voting 4 U ! Illinois is a cesspool of unrule thanks to its Democratic congress.
Start fighting to find the murderer of Donald Young, openly gay choir director of @POTUS44 former "church". 10 YEAR ANNIVERSARY DECEMBER!
You do understand Congress & State reps allowed their parents to break our laws! Have this much passion for American citizen in trouble!
what took you so long?
Thanks. Between outrage and resignation-never thought a Pres would turn my morning commute into visualizing civil disobedience-fight on!
Typical Lib - always acting on emotion rather than LAW. A country w/o law enforcement is no country at all...exactly what we saw under Obama
As long as you vote for him, give money to his campaign.
Dick Durbin"ill never stop lining my pockets w lobbyist,special interest  kickbacks from insurance companies
Why don't you fight for the American people,jerk
But send money anyway.
#DEPORTTHEILLEGALS  https://youtu.be/_Aq10jzvg6o  woman rips off Harvey victims
#DEPORTTHEILLEGALS https://youtu.be/U33MbFbYURM  lady stocks her gas station with food stamps
#DEPORTTHEILLEGALS https://youtu.be/-NVT7lyNRZQ  the cost of illegals not including daca
Ya it's not ok for our kids to b done that way 2 bc they get deported when they get out of the pen then what happens they come right back
https://youtu.be/cHUfDguioUs  what if this was Christine would it b ok 2 ILLEGALS MURDERED a teen and smile in court room
https://youtu.be/6K2EOLmCKRs  so sen. 13yr old girl raped by 10 illegals so would this b ok if it was Christine ...ya I didn't think so
you will supply the middle class of who needs to be remove from congress:))

Yeah YOU mr senator are there to stay because your a legal citizen.
Americans are good for only one thing: paying taxes so democ-rats can spend it buying votes, right? How about get behind Trump? MAGA!
How about fighting for American citizens and immigrants who entered America LEGALLY? Of course, being a democrat, screw Americans, right?
Thank you so much senator!
Trying to secure your illegal votes? The law is the law. I know it's foreign to Dems but the Constitution is to be honored
Illegals need to be shipped out.  Support actual American citizens.
Totally agree

When you cheated Sanders you started this problem retire Republican! In blue!
Then get started on fixing this!!!
You have always had my vote!!!
stop milking it and fix for real. earn your bloated paycheck
Thank you for everything you have done and do for us
Illinois...  please do Americans and yourself a go or and vote this guy and Madigan out.
Breaking the law!
Nice, but the real problem is Trump. Start impeachment & get this mad man out of WH! Protect ALL of us from his atrocities! #ImpeachTrump
Just wondering a bit here, but what crime EXACTLY is @POTUS supposed to be impeached on???
Why don't u just wander off and go missing ? U have no relevance in anything!!!
Does that include the dreamers that are actual citizens of this country.  You were elected to rep the citizen not immigrants. #DoYourJob
Read the news; he's been doing his job.
Thought: Can Puerto Rico grant all #DACA participants PR citizenship, and via Jones-Shafroth Act, they'd become US citizens?
No, no they cannot
Based upon your vast knowledge of constitutional and commonwealth law?
Oh, you're the only one who knows the law, right??  
You will not be re elected bud. I can tell you that now...
LIAR.
then Senator if you are sincere take an action to fix the immigration system and enforce the resultant laws--stop the shallow pandering
I live in Illinois and you have my full support, thank you for all you do!
You misspelled LEFTY
Okay Dick. Stop being one & do your job. Pass LAW to protect citizens & allow good people to immigrate legally. Senate needs to do its job!
Protect p'pl of #DACA? 
F - you. 
Protect us from more illegals first.
We got zero apologies from any of you when my cousin was murdered.
Btw, She's buried in a small country cemetary outside Springfield, ILL. 
She'd be alive today if u (feds) enforced our laws. #DACAprotest
There are murders everywhere regardless of status like murder is not just commited by one type of person...
Not the point. People can't sneak into other countries, politicans sworn to protect us: Sorry Trump means it.
Oops, wrong video:
My Senator!  Never stops working for what is right.  Thank you!
Thank you.  Don't make the waiting period for citizenship for them longer than a year.
To this guys constituents:  he cares more about foreign nationals than he does about you.
This meme never gets old, not with the Senator spewing his caring about criminal illegal immigrants then the citizens he is represents
Why don't you work endlessly for Americans trying to pursue their dreams
I hope you and others in DC will get to work. DACA was illegal and this should be done by congress
When are you going to start fighting for the American Citizens?????
Do u feel the same about Veterans
The beginning of the end by our Repub- controlled Congress of the Trump interregnum.
Stop grandstanding and get to work.  Even Obama said that DACA was temporary because congress didn't provide any legislation.  Do Something!
How many years have you been there?

What have you accomplished?

How long have you complained and never fixed the problems?
what are you going to do about upholding the laws we have in place? what have you done to fix the immigration problem that is out of control
You stopped fighting when you failed to move meaningful legislation when you were in the majority. And now you only complain and obstruct.
Thank you so much for supporting Dreamers. #HereToStay
Maybe you should be fighting for actual citizens? Veterans? You know the people who elected you!
Thank you, Senator, for fighting for the DREAMers. I'm so glad to have you as my voice in the Senate. #ProtectDACA
#IStandWithDreamers #DefendDACA #HereToStay #ImmigrantsArePartOfTheFabricOfAmerica
Thank you.  I'm so proud that you are our senator. Keep up the good work. We support you!!!
If it takes pandering to illegals to get your fat butts back to DC, this will be the only bipartisan congressional accomplishment in 2017..
Please focus on hardworking American taxpayers who have barely left after paying health insurance we pay your salary repeal ocare end daca

Thank you for supporting DACA.  You're an American Hero.  Support stop criminalizing brown people.  Where's ICE for those overstaying a Visa
I want the Ukrainians out
@SenatorDurbin What is wrong with @realDonaldTrump enforcing our Nation's laws? Time for you in Congress to #DoYourJob
Thank you, Senator Durbin. Please do not let R's tack on funding for despicable and wasteful border wall as a condition.
How about the Veterans who YOU send to war and to do the dirty jobs? Going to start fighting for us?
Yes Senator please continue to protect our veterans who under DACA put their lives on the line for us.
Thousands of patriotic #Dreamers who served our nation in uniform are at risk of deportation due to @realDonaldTrump's cruel #DACA decision. 
Those "DACA" Veterans went thru the legal channels in order to serve. I'm all for them; legally, going thru process to arrive and stay
You mean never stop obstructing don't you?
Of course you'll fight for illegals over Americans. No surprise there
Good grief! I guess they will have to become citizens like immigrants in the past always did.... 
@SenateDems Great to hear that sir. Now, let's get to it. Immediately
Who is supporting the taxpayers who pay for the democrat's bullshit vote buying schemes??  What about us??  No wonder the Hildebeast lost!!!
Dear Sen. Dirk Diggler, Just author a bill and let your brethren and sister Congress Folk pass a law to fix everything.  No need to fight!
no sir, its not difficult. 1 bill: dreamers registered as of X are granted permanent legal status. Vote! Done! @ananavarro
Amen
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Durbin! 
Any future bill must include a pathway to citizenship!
All caused because YOU Mr. Durbin won't do your job.  Why are you more concerned with illegals than the people you should be working for?
@realDonaldTrump promoted his ability to keep tearing our country apart by ending #DACA. #DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers
But how?
Wished u cared about the legal ppl that r here
They are legal. Know your facts.
You need to write yourself a script for psych meds.  An unconstitutional EO is not legal.
Chicago!
Thanks @SenatorDurbin, help us end Trump's tyranny of hate & bigotry! #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #NoBanNoWall #SaveDACA #ImmigrantsMakeAmericaGreat
Don't have a meltdown yet there little snowflake.  The best is yet to come!
So you're actually going to do your job and pass this through legislation instead of raising money eternally? I look forward to it Senator.
Why didn't @TheDemocrats pass immigration reform in 2009?
BTW, Is there anything in ur plans to do anything for Illinois? Can't name one thing you or Duckworth have done.
JUST GET TO WORK!
Remember @BarackObama admitted how it was unconstitutional to make DACA law!
Why don't you try fighting for US CITIZENS for a change. You people in congress are traitors or insane
Thank you

Try doing something for the ppl you represent in Illinois!!
. @SenatorDurbin thank you for fighting for us all of these years. Please never give up, for we DREAMers still have hope!
Not if we vote him out!!
As always, glad to be represented by you, @SenatorDurbin. Thanks.
He's a disgrace. 
He's supposed protect the borders & to protect us not illegals.
#DACA #DACAprotest
He's a digrace.

Don't let DACA Americans become pawns for WALL or "PRAISE ACT". Tie it to FEMA Hurricane Harvey relief spending.
Do your part. Bring a dreamer family into your home...support them and be financially responsible for them.
91% of #DREAMer's are employed. They pay their taxes and have no criminal record.
Illinois in Bankrupt & Durbin is fighting for the Murderer of 4 Americans!
#DACA was illegal-US Congress could not deal with our messed up Immigration laws put into place by Democrats-Sen Kennedy in 1965. Quit LYING
You have had 20 years to pass an Immigration Reform Bill
He's literally been trying to pass the DREAM act every year he's been in Congress.
In 2009 @BarackObama had control of House & Senate for 1 entire year and @SenatorDurbin chose @Obamacare bill over Immigration Bill
Because it was what the president of his own political party wanted.
President can't  legislate- only Congress -Immigration needed help before healthcare and @SenatorDurbin could have pushed immigration first
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for supporting DREAMers #HereToStay
@SenateDems
Keep the fight going forward HOW?They don't care what we do or say, they're laughing at our hashtags and marches.
It's time2end DACA No more special interest groups&political cronyism over #WorkingAmericanFamilies - PERIOD!! #MAGA
Be quit,crook!
Thank you for stepping up to fill the leadership role protecting immigrants. Illinois is in full support!
You don't speak for me.... Illinois is NOT in full support!
Sorry Senator Durbin, except this guy 
And this guy

Thank you, Senator Durbin 
#SaveDACA #DACAWorks #DREAMersAct #TheDreamAct #CongressDoYourJob
Idiot
Do you really believe the your disinformation on DACA?  Grow a pair and do your job. Stop hiding behind the President.
Now please craft a law that protects #Dreamers and get it in front of @POTUS by January. If he believes in "rule of law", he will sign it.
How about fighting for American children?
Be proactive and start the legislation NOW!  DACA must be converted from an executive order to a bill IMMEDIATELY.
Sponsor a bill and get as many republicans that will co-sponsor as you can! If you get more then 50 maybe the house will follow.  Think!
Fight for citizens and legal immigrants for once.

What point are you trying to make with this photoshopped, out of context picture?
You can't sit on your hands here ... Dems KNOW HOW to govern ...  reach across the aisle now and fix this for #Dreamers .....
When are you going to fight for actual Americans?
So you can get them to vote for you.  Nice.  Well played.  Have you ever had a real job sir?
#Dreamers cannot vote.
You live under a rock too.
Too bad you people have done NOTHING for our veterans. VA is only WORSE now. Next time send these dreamers to fight.
@BobCorker oh that you were man enough 
Why dream when they can actually become citizen by pursuing citizenship thru legal process
What other laws do you push people to break Mr. Durbin?
Do what democrats allege to do and look out for the American worker instead of importing dem votes from Mexico. #DACA
Government "Speak" for "I have spent 16 years NOT getting this into law, and now I have stuck you with the results of my none performance"
Do your job!!  Fund the wall. Stop the breach of illegal immigration.  Then we can address the remaining problem.  You have six months!!!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for fighting for the #Dreamers. I am not a constituent but wish I was in your state.
Stop calling for violence! This is your fault! If you and your colleagues did your job we wouldnt have this Illegal Immigration Problem!
We Support Senator ROS
Work Hard 4Americans Instead! Waiting 4Healthcare, Tax cuts, Budget by end Sept, Harvey Funds=You know? Americans Devestated by Hurricane 

Do you know a single adult citizen who wanted a job and was passed over for an undocumented person?  Stop the meaningless sound bites.

Small Biz- do you pay all employees a living wage covering the true cost of labor? Are employees documented? You might review your subsidies
Please share your plan on removing the treasonous racist from office. POTUS is unfit in many ways and words won't stop him.

Texas was s good business feel free to spend

Thank you @SenatorDurbin
Well said!
Just like the dreamer that killed my 17 year old daughter, he was 16 and drunk driving illegally how about that, I wouldn't wish the pain
I am deeply sorry for your loss as well as all who suffer when teen boys  break the law. Fortunately most teens regardless of origin are OK.
100% of the young people who are registered under #DACA have NO criminal record. They must pass a rigorous back ground check.
Your comment shows your ignorance. Bravo.
Too bad you don't fight that hard for US citizens, workers and taxpayers.
Simple solution....pass a law. Trump will sign it. I am quite sure.
Great message Senator!  Continue to publicly reach across the aisle to expose those who do not support DACA!
Pass a god damn law then less talk more action Dick
