Obamacare included Republican ideas, but the G.O.P. health plan has left Democrats out https://nyti.ms/2tm7GQP  
Then why did no Republicans vote for Obamacare?
Believe me, this is typical Liberal smoke and mirrors. Durbin knows his minions will not fact check.

No republican was involved with Obamacare...You are putting Americans health in jeopardy, when you can't afford insurance...Your lying again
188 amendments?
I've had, BC/BS, since I was 16. Moved to NC Iin 1998 and gained preexisting on all. $600 a month to $1800 then $2700 before 2016 election
Each states BC/BS is separate, thus you can have "preexisting" even if you paid BC/BS your whole life. Worst? I had $0 deductible now $5000
Talk to the @GOP.
Wish you DEMS would have improved aca when you had your chance. Do you really care about middle class who got screwed on premiums/deducts?
Not exactly, love.
Why can't people buy Obamacare like car insurance all year round ?
Why did you spend Billions on a website that didn't even work?
Do you know how healthcare work?  You can't buy in at work year round.
My entire Life working 
You signed up for Healthcare same day you signed your W2 
If that has changed you can thank Obamacare & useless Dems
Lol, the ACA is so bad, Liberals don't want to own it. #SMH
Give it up, Phil.  GOP has been trying to kill it for years
Repeal the whole dam thing.
Marco has been working on it for years.  Ok with 24 million of your friends and neighbors losing coverage, Gregg?
MSM NEVER talks about people forced off..the hyperbole is over the top...
Americans  don't want socialism when will you DemocRats get that  SinglePayer Socialism fails everywhere look at IL #bankrupt 

Because @SenSchumer said Democrats weren't going to contribute at all.
#ACA was a Republican bill. Major elements (exchanges, individual mandate) were straight out of a GOP thinktank. No idea why they hate it so
Because it's nicknamed after a black man and carries a black mans signature... oops turned it into a race issue.
The right is full of angry, ignorant racists.  They are a party of hate, guns & racism.  The confederate flag is a symbol of treason & hate.
The right are represented by nasty ideologues. People on the right are mostly decent, good, and kind. Try not to dehumanize your opponents.
A large portion of the right are largely decent people I regularly engage in political discussion with my friends and family who are on the
Right. I'm leaving that typo. The confederate flag is a flag of treason but unfortunately we live in a free speech society and that flag is
Them the right to act on their ignorance i.e. kill someone of a different race. Doing so would get them jail time wherein all their rights
Would be stripped.  I just think it's interesting when people apply blanket definitions to one side while uniquely defining themselves
And the 188 GOP amendments are what weakened ACA? Or DEMs sold out to insurance industry??
No, that was the Republicans
Looks about right. How many Republican amendments in Obamacare. What's good for the goose
Stop playing Politics. Put Americans first. Not yourselves. I am sick if this
The GOP cannot get over the fact that President Obama was more successful than they'll ever be.
Keep cheering for Obamacare we will whip your asses so badly in 2018 by winning 10+ seats  
When democrats try and manage money....

You've had your share of stupid ideas already "Senator".

Defunding a program requires plenty of thought. Now if the GOP led congress took that much energy to create a better plan, just imagine...
Nice head Fake. Had the Amendments been included, the ACA would have had some merit.
No other industrialized country has for profit healthcare, Phil.
It also explains exactly why the ACA had so many "flaws"
Please continue to fight this horrible bill! It's not hyperbolic to say that the lives of Illinoisans hang in the balance!
Dear Dick what you are saying is Democrats have poor leadership and low initiative. FYI senate maj leader is Mitch McConnell. See him!
People forget about the heavy republican input in ACA, correct Senator
Why are you guys being so mean? Trump himself said Australia has a great medical system. Please, open your heart to empathy.
Also zero women included on the 13 man panel that drafted it and decided maternity coverage was not important enough to cover
Americans say what dem's ideas did with Obamacare. Why would you also infect ACA with dem's ideas?
WHY AREN'T YOU RAISING HOLY HELL WITH GRASSLEY?  WHY WAS THE DON JR. HEARING CANCELED?  FIGHT FOR YOUR COUNTRY FOR GOD'S SAKE!
Thank you, Senator for this graphic and article. Please continue to try working with the Republicans to keep and fix the ACA.
Agreed This is What Republicans Call Transparent? Devils in the Details 
You're correct...NYT graphics.. do say it all.   Just like your states economic record... pathetic!
You make me sick...two wrong don't make it right. We, the citizen, R hurting. We R paying U to work 4 us. DO UR JOB AND WORK WITH POTUS.
How embarrassing. This is your mess and you won't fix it. Your "resist" campaign says it all. How bout working together?
I JUST heard this today via a TV program interview with a Dem...It was a down-right rogering as the Brits would say.....
Yes it does. It says you are as dishonest as the rest of your collegues. Read the Washington post article on how H.Reid shut out Republicans
Because Reublican are only concerned about $$$$$ not people or the planet. The world is headed towards disaster if we keep on like this.
Not to mention the ACA is a republican plan to begin with!
This is the fault of the @SenateDems  U refuse to help #Americans get a help plan that will not fail & help us all unlike the Obamacare.
Dickie, Obamacare got 0 @gop support! ZERO
Yet u never read it. What a d bag u r
@eric 
188 amendments and ZERO VOTES!! For what was at the end of the day a healthcare plan hatched at The Heritage Foundation- COME ON!!!
Republicans will blame Democrats for this. Even tho they weren't even included in McConnell's death plan meetings.
U ask to much.
People don't remember the Repubs input!
Democrats could easily make a platform by rallying against the lies and corruption and unpatriotic behavior of the Republican Party
Time for democrats to realize republicans are no longer a governing party, but a party based on wielding power at all costs
Yep.  I believe the new spelling for "bipartisan" action should read "by partisan" action. Sad that R's are too afraid to work in daylight.

How many amendments have you offered. Republicans wouldn't turn down a good productive idea. None have been forthcoming from the dems.
This shows the weakness of Republicans legislation and their following of the worst president in US history, it is time for impeachment!!!!!
GOP needs to stop saying they didn't have input in the ACA.  They just chose to vote no on the bill.

FINALLY !
And they considered the democrats wouldn't help...
Its those 188 things that messed it up.
but they did help so they need to listen to the Dem & quit trying to be sneaky& hard headed
Lies!
So much to work together
