I think we all know that the GOP and Trump are going to do whatever the fuck they want to. He is insane and the GOP are complicit.
Pardon my ignorance, but do you really think Trump will let you guys scrutinize ANYTHING? He doesn’t appear to like rules.
I’m liberal. You were rude (unintentionally) Give me one reason not to block you. It’s possible to get along! Seriously.
Who did Trump consult about this?
His defense secretary
Shut up Durbin. You are the worst senator in IL history!!!
Avoiding the quagmire called congress was also a brilliant move.
Article I Section 8 says he should have consulted Congress already. Why the hell are you people giving him unconstitutional authority???
Obama bombed 7 countries in one day.  Wake up.  Did the media not report that? Do your own research
Please do NOT allow another war. People we love will die because of an out of control ego.
We don't even know # troops over there.
Very disappointed in this response. Situation in Syria is horrifying, but this was done to distract from ties to Russia & to boost poll #s.
Obama nombedv7 countries in one day.  Do your research
What else are you doing?  Your constituents would like to see strong action to reign in the president
Dickey Durbin:  If the gassing deaths of 35 Syrian children offends you, ponder our chemical-dismemberment of 1,000,000 live babies per year
what does "measured response" mean? It seems like all the Dems got together and decided that's what they were going to call this.
HEY DICK I feel like we shouldn't be bombing anyone period, but we esp shouldn't be bombing them *while we block refugees into the states*
so like GREAT COOL I get that you want to do something in Syria but maybe this should start with LETTING PEOPLE IN HERE
WHY SHOULD WE. Build a safe zone over there
Cuck
This American wants to know how many civilian casualties there are from these 50 tomahawks....I'm sure it's more than Putin/Assads nerve gas
We hit an air base not a town.
Yes, I'm aware of that. Also, Russia was inform and Assad was informed prior. In no way is it an excuse. Wag the Dog bs.
excuse me. These "preliminary" airstrikes deemed our input too
Obama bombed 7 countries in one day
Just b/c a predecessor did wrong, doesn't mean it somehow becomes acceptable b/c it was done before. It was wrong then. Wrong now. Got it?
Do not involve us in this war!
We have proof again and again he only cares about himself. Don't lose sight of the Russiagate.
you need to do better than this.
Wow. Federal law must've changed. I thought the president could move troops without congressional approval for 120 days.
Senator, glad for your voice on this issue. Careful to not state your position to it's occurrence note as your constituent it angered me.
Stop being one of the neocons' stooges.
Measured response? Really?
@POTUS swift action, with precise strike. Didn't need #leaks & arguing in #Congress. You're a do-nothing, obstructionist party.
World demanded action.  President Trump's limited strike, avoiding confrontation w/Russia was appropriate and absolutely brilliant.
@Impeach_D_Trump @SASCDems @TheJusticeDept  @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @amyklobuchar @alfranken @HouseJudiciary
Fake news
Wrong. Bombing another country, no matter how repugnant the regime, is an act of war, not a "measured response." Congressional approval 1st!
Obama bombed 7 countries in one day
I'm wary of giving Mr. Showman too many plaudits or too much military control. He'll do anything for a show
he did that to syria to raise his poll numbers
and distract from the russia investigation
But Trump is a liar. Unstable. Has no respect 4 sep of pwrs. Open our borders to Syrian refugees, end endless war.
This is irresponsible senator. How can you defend this act?
If the Syrian military drops bombs on rebel stores of chemical weapons, that does not translate to "Assad gassed his own people"
Do you think don the con
Going to tell congress or anyone else what he's doing
#snakeinthegrass
How about getting an Illinois state budget then maybe we can afford to put free meals back in schools
#NorthKorea is paying close attention to our response in #Syria.
Where's the investigation?  Is your nuclear bunker already built?
Please don't take your eyes off of #Trumprussia.
IL resident here. If you don't oppose 100% of military action by Trump, I'll canvass and phone bank for your opponent in the next primary.
Russians support @realDonaldTrump; control Syria; control gas attack; manage US attack; distract Russian / US Investigation!

Why did Trump tell Russia before he told you congress people?
Firing 59 missiles on a whim for an unproven action with unknown consequences isn't a "measured response." Stop justifying #Imperialism.
Please help keep escalation in check.  The foresight/agenda of the WH seems questionable.
War Criminals!!!! Who made the US judge, jury and executioner of the world!! The US government is a disgrace!!!!
So the innocent civilians, including kids and families, have even more destruction coming down on them? How does this help them?
And just like that, the #resist movement was over...
Palestinian children being murdered left and right Yemen Children dead dead dead Not a fucking peep, Assad no proof needed
Shaking my head at the Jekle and Hydes of the Democratic Party!
resign
WTF are you doing?
Have you seen ANY pictures like this from 2013? Because I've looked and apparently there are none 

Nobody thought to question this?
Are we to understand it's the METHOD of killing that gives Trump the right to launch missile strikes? 
And why no consult with Congress 1st?
If cares about Syria kids let them come here.
How Funny Obama bombed the hell out of the middleast and droned people....but but Trump he hit a chemical weapons site OMG
You mean like Obama? Not. President Trump is strong decisive and has more balls at breakfast than Obama had in 8yrs. Who cares what u think
War the ultimate distraction!
I don't understand why we can afford to attack Syria, but don't have money for to provide free school lunches to poor American kids?
No thanks. Go home.
@ddale8 Russia has a vested interest . We'll see where this goes in a few days
So that was a gimme on his first attempt? (Sorry bad golf pun)
Did fresh off the tour President Kushner brief you? 
#trumprusia
Uh huh...
now can we explain to the President why rhetoric and the "travel ban"  matters - we can help syrians without bombing #nomorewar
Thank you, Senator. Looking to you for transparency, leadership & wisdom in coming days.

Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
this was purely a domestic political move by @POTUS.
Nice to have a decisive President
What's your statement on infanticide? That's right you're 100% in favor
The govt has no legitimate business in women's uteruses. If mandatory vasectomies were dictated you'd understand.
OMG it's almost like women have zero control over their bodies. The just magically get impregnated. Maybe it's "The Russians"™ 
You are useless and simply self-serving.  Like other pols, you work for yourself and let your constituents kick the can. [Lobby King]
Agree. Seems like Congress might have engaged the People before jamming ACA healthcare down our throats.
The American people demand answers re: investigation of trumps ties to Russia!If guilty he should NOT be making decisions for our country!
As one of your constituents, I am against any escalation.  Scrutinize the hell out of all of it!
Oh I see how it is..start the war and then ask -better to ask forgiveness than permission..
Bombing both sides in a civil war in another country seems pointless and futile. We don't understand tribes or Islam
are you sure Syria was responsible? Did you see the evidence? It is sad, but I've lost confidence/trust in the president
Nice message of support 4 YOUR @POTUS you partisan syncophant. Always thinking of ur self ur reelection and ur party 1st #UCallSorosB4Text?
Thank you, Senator.
From 60605, bring refugees here please, savings lives by saving lives is better than bombing people
You dem would just make it hard on the president to do anything. I am behind our president 100%
THIS action requires scrutiny AND authorization. Tired of Congress abdicating it's responsibility!
Where is the congressional approval? #ZOG Puppets all.
Thank you, Mr. Durbin.
Wrong Dickie. The @potus can do whatever he chooses for 90 days. No congression scrutiny and the American people have no say
Frankly you never telegraph your punch so to speak.
how convenient for Trump. Lowest approval rating, investigation, what better distraction. Plot with Putin? I don't trust him.
Seriously a lot of offended snowflake Liberals are angry ... POTUS disabled a military airstrip folks... Calm down and breathe
I agree100%. Wouldn't b surprised if Trump & Putin planned this. Convenient timing with low approval ratings.
Well unless you get GOP on board with this, apparently it won't matter who is watching which is a bit terrifying.
Jesus fucking christ
You think??
Bullshit. Where is your breifing evidence? Present it to the people. You're all a bucnh of sociopaths.  Lies lies lies
When did Obama ever go to congress?
we'll believe it when we see it, sir, with all due respect.
Instead of praising our President for the guts to do this, to stop this evil against innocents, u feel need to school him going forwardLAME
Maybe because @POTUS has absolutely no experience?
So is this the Reichstag's moment? Where Trump grasps at war to push through his agenda.
Cuck.
Continue to fight Trump on treating the Syrian refugees with dignity. #noban And pressure Europe to destroy xenophobia #Syria
We need to be the ones fixing the humanitarian crisis in Syria, not further adding to it.
Senator, we can't fight atrocity with further atrocities which will inevitably happen as things escalate - as they do in these situations.
Lol!!!!!!
He notified the Kremlin before he notified you, Senator. His masters in the Kremlin. Think about that
We can thank Obama for Russia not pressuring Syria to pull back. Another Russian ally Qaddafi got rid of his chemical weapons and got taken
Out in spite of Russo specifically stating that was not with the previews of the UN resolution they agreed to
Dems want to talk about Bush's legacy and the civil war in Syria is Obama's legacy of hypocrisy. Early intervention would have stopped ISIS
Rapid growth and the death of and displacement of millions of Syrians whose only crime was wanting a government representative of all Syria
Trump will bomb the shit out of Syria but we won't accept refugees!
@MelissaTweets typical Democrat response, wouldn't do nothing  themselves,  what a bunch of wimps
nice double negative. Learn English or get out of the country.
You have betrayed our country. We will not forget. He did this as a distraction, don't you see that?
Just like #Soetoro and #KilLiary came to you before Libya right? Right?
Wrong, wrong, wrong. What was his authorization to act unilaterally without consulting our allies, the UN, and Congress
Did the WH briefing include that bit about close scrutiny / engaging the American people or was that your own commentary?
This is a nothing statement, Dick.
Whoa when the D-Whip responds with a medium-level response... This is interesting. Scary but interesting.
@AdamBaldwin 
Please don't let 45 get ud into a war
Do you have more evidence of how this was a measured response, or of what was said in the briefing that led you to this conclusion?
President was wrong and abuse his power!!! #impeach
To all the Trump haters that follow you Senator remember Politics end at the Oceans shores.
I will not support a war nor support any senator that votes for one.
It's OK for Assad to gas his people?
Thank you Senator
So Congress will stick around DC a few days and delay recess?
Don't hold your breath, it could be hazardous to your health.
What has our draft dodger done?
Basically giving your approval. Shameful.
Obvious US gov on side of radical Islamists. Assad protecting Syrian Christians. Christianity started n MEast & US helping it end there.
You scrutinize the hell out of this Dick.  We are counting on you and other rational members of the Senate.
Yeah cause condemning something in the strongest terms worked so well for Obama
That's your statement?????
That exactly what I thought when I read it.
Swift, firm & appropriate were the actions of our President tonight.
Dude I can't even get through your phone lines- do fucking more plz
WE WILL NOT FORGET THE RUSSIAN MATTER!!
When you speak for your constituents, this one says NO.
Yeah right. You betcha!
I don't trust him. Not. One. Bit.
Hey now, didn't he already say he would not base his decisions on American voters regarding Syria policies?
Trump doesn't base anything on what Americans want or what's best for America. Only what serves The Fuhrer best.
Really? Since when does anyone on The Hill seriously "engage" the American people? Ya'll do what you want, and we pay for it in every way.
I'm glad someone remembers we are out here.
Innocent children & people died and yet you can't say this strike needed to be done.  Why?
agreed
These actions by the president are terrifying.
You are my Senator and I vote no!! The citizens of this State are in enough trouble. Billionaire businessmen are not fit for office!
No to what, exactly? Congress didn't vote on this.
Any escalation beyond missile strikes and air strikes will require the American People. I am a firm no!!!
Ok. That's fair, and I agree. Thanks for clarifying. :)
I wish my state had a senator like you. Thank you, this brings me a little peace of mind.
I HOPE YOU ARE CORRECT AND THIS IS NOT THE START OF THE LAST WW.
Wow, politician speak meaning "I do not have the courage either to endorse or condemn these actions to stop crimes against humanity."
I know sad how @SenatorDurbin can't say the killing of innocent people is wrong & those should be punished.
