Trump bows to the immigration restrictionists and may scupper a deal: https://www.wsj.com/articles/immigration-bait-and-switch-1507590119 …
He's literally killing people in Puerto Rico. Is he the only one who doesn't care??
Turn off Fox and ditto
"Did trump did great" uh huh Funny someone who calls themself doctor doesn't care about lives. You watch Fox and you're a dolt like trump
Or is that dr as in derrrrrr lol
Then do YOUR job and don't expect him to be the king you always wanted
Each day #Trump and this admin become more disgusting and autocratic! This MUST be STOPPED!
Kinda like Veterans are people; REAL AMERICAN people that you've kinda used as pawns yourself!
What's wrong with legal immigration? 

Do you want to get rid of legal imigration and just replace it with amnesty to whomever gets here?
again his bullying ways r shining thru. If he wants a wall so damn bad then Y isn't he paying for it himself. Sell a Trump property or 2...
Not US citizens
Securing the borders would certainly cut down on international sex trafficking. Is Congress ok with sex trafficking?
When are you & the rest of Congress gonna impeach this monster?
Should Dreamers blame the US or their parents who put them in this situation?  Parent gambled on kids future by illigelly entering USA &lost
If only US citizens can vote, whyDems R zooming on illigals on our dime? Is it possible illigals Ralready voting&Dems R benefiting from it?
U took oath of office2 defend theConsitution &2enforce laws of the land. Instead of focusing on illigals, make our kids dream2come true 1st.
If u create legal path 2illegals, it will expedite Social security depletion& bankruptcy.Charity1st starts at home.Focus 1st on US Citizens.
Go away
Invalidate the 2016 Presidential Election, then invalidate every action DT has taken!
.@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP Americans suffer natural disasters, domestic terrorists & derangd @POTU$ #FixItNow @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi
No according to Democrats their voters their future voters that is your angel
You want Dreamers to stay bad enough you will give Trump what he wants otherwise. Adios Dreamers
Kate was alive before that illegal killed her, now who is holding who Hostage?  BUILD THE WALL ASAP or risk those dreamers being deported
Your right not a game. How much taxpayer money is being spent on Illegals when it should be spent on AMERICAN homeless children. SHAMEFUL!
holding Usa hostage with illegals  Mass Deportations soon to happen  DACA is SCUM
When are you gonna represent Americans?
They are illegals not dreamers.
You and your party had Obama's first two years to help the dreamers! All u could do was ACA and u screwed that up. 30+ million without ins.
Actually your party wants everything your way and you are crying no fair when you can't get it
tRUmp has proven he cannot be trusted. Please continue to work to protect the Dreamers, Senator
We Need To Stop This Met With One PreMed Student In The Shadows Cancer Specialist How do we Do Without Her? ROS
The biggest contribution to the future lies in the hearts and minds of those young adults who will inherit the mantle of leadership...
Dickie, it's the @TheDemocrats who abandoned the #Dreamers in 2009-11 and are now abanding again
The safety and rules of the US Government aren't a joke. We are a country of laws. Stop undermining the @POTUS
They are in our country ILLEAGELLY that makes them Crimnials DEPORT EVERY DAMN ONE
Heartless selfish guy.
President Stephen Miller calling the shots.
Everyone is a pawn 4 that moron in WH.I just hope U don't  try 2 negotiate with this sociopath cuz it w/turn out horribly.Note:Iraq war vote
@realDonaldTrump is a corrupt fraud and the @GOP enables him.  #2018
Congress should help young Legal Immigrant Dreamers too. #H4DREAMERS #DREAMACT #FAIRNESS4LEGALS
Democrats not willing to negotiate for illegal aliens
Same question, who created this mess?
You mean foreign people.  We call them visitors.
You said slavery.  It is not uncommon to charge an immigration fee.  Why not charge Dreamers a fee that will pay for the wall?
After decades of partisan politics No more spin only actions count now, imigration reform including secure borders. Show what you stand for!
We the people are all pawns to you political elitists
Sounds more like the Dems are the hostage takers. You guys can't seem to play nice together. Maybe all of you need replaced.
Holding dreamers hostage!?!? @SenatorDurbin ,BOT, it amazes that ppl vote for you #demoKKKRats w/ these type of arguments! VOTERS ARE PEOPLE
Kinda like you holding up #POTUS cabinet appointments. You are treating all of us like pawns.
Trump will get nothing accomplished.  As usual.
You use "dreamers " as political capital so cut the crap the wishlist is to prevent this from being an issue again#endillegalimmigration
You're right this isn't a game. By the way you misspelled "illegals".
America First!
Please don't forget us. We have been included in 2 republican bills, but left off the DreamAct
US tax payers are the pawns having to pay. #TermLimits We have enough deviants in Gov't
You are using the Middle-class taxpayer as a pawn in the tax reform debate. You refuse to compromise in the #DACA debate. #BuildTheWall
Senator Durbin, please do something drastic about POTUS. This is ALL intolerable.This man is destroying our precious country.We count on you
Your party lied to their parents for votes. Its sad; theyre destroyed because you guys lied for votes. Hope they see it for what it is.
Actually Politics is a Game to you 
Do you recall verbally accosting 
Amy Coney Barrett 
Just because she was #Catholic
Ya know Dickie if u cared so much for dreamers why didn't u pass legislation when you controlled all govt 2008/09. ????
I often find myself talking to brick walls too.
Figure out a way to work with the President to get illegal immigration stopped & new laws going fwd. Otherwise, Dreamers go bye bye!!
We could get something accomplished for the #Dreamers it's simple #firestephenmiller 
#TheResistence
Thank you fighting for DREAMers.But please make sure to recognize children like me in DreamAct.We're added in 2 republican bills
The lying prick never had any intention in honoring the so called deal, just another of his ploys to play up his "ratings"
Yes they are people whose parents broke they law. They can take it up with them back in the old country.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't know brown people are people
