Use your voice on the Hill to stop Trumpcare! Also? Move to IMPEACH now! We're headed in a very bad direction.
Virtue signaling, how bout get concerned about the tax paying citizens!! I'm sick of being irrelevant to our representatives
You can do both, they're not mutually exclusive.
Let's say you go to store to buy a toaster and nobody there to help instead they are helping the thieves load free toasters in car
This has got to make you think why should I pay for my toaster I'll just take one for free as well eventually the store goes out of busines
It's not fair that I pay my taxes and have piece of shit health care and their concern is people that pay nothing (children) of immigrants
If their illegal they aren't paying their fair share(parents) I'm sick n tired of the back bone of this country( WORKING taxpaying )
Citizens being overlooked
It's not our responsibility to take care of the rest of planet first, and "we'll get to US citizens, later".  I'm beginning to think maybe

Will these senators be the first to stand up to Trump & draft own Articles of Impeachment? I'm withholding my applause until then. #impeach
Trump has no idea how weak he is, so  long as Republican lawmakers keep being pussies. All it takes is one GOP to stand. #whatdoyoustandfor
If the basis of support for #DreamAct is that dreamers were brought as children, the bill needs to help ALL children, both lawful & unlawful
The DREAM Act gives peace of mind that they won't be deported, if they follow certain rules. Are you facing deportation?
No, I'm an international student despite being here since 12. Can't work unlike dreamers & have to pay tuition. Wish I had DACA today
Oh poor you, you have to pay tuition? Well, so sorry for you (sarc), my kids were born here & they have to pay tuition also.
Children who came in legally should not be penalized for following the legal route. Compassion should not be only for the undocumented.
Sorry but, those who were born in America need to come first. We have homeless veterans, children who live in homes run by the state, etc.
And the Dream Act affects them how?
Thank God
Although VERY MOVING-We will Follow this closely to see it through to fruition! @LindseyGrahamSC @DickDurbin 11 million lives are in your s
@SenatorDurbin @LindseyGrahamSC Thank you for working together for Dreamers. It is unconscionable  there is consideration to kick them out.
The take down America crowd.
Maybe Lyndsay Graham should run as a Democrat in the next election. 
@LindsayGrahamSC is still conservative right
But he's learning..
We won't agree on much, but I, for one, underestimated @LindseyGrahamSC. #DreamAct
Honestly, me too.
And he's out there again today "…suggesting [AG] Sessions pursue prosecution of a former political rival is highly inappropriate."
7 nonsensical tweets in an hour starting at 6am.  Is anyone else worried about this man's ability to start WW 3?  I am.
You're in good company.
https://twitter.com/tedlieu/status/888421560628822016 …
https://twitter.com/DefenseBaron/status/889901392986615809 …
#25thAmendmentNow
This is quite a thing to read. And just a taste of how everyone in this town is talking these days. A very lite, generous taste. https://twitter.com/pbump/status/889888017682501637 …
Two
Dear Sir, Can we have similar support from you for S.281. We legal immigrants in America too are dreamers @WeAreSIIA
Can #SenatorLindsayGraham and @SenatorDurbin sit down together & help start an improved ACA? If you can for immigration we should for ACA!
Tanks Senators LG and DD Tanks ar all
Your bill needs to protect CHILDREN,both lawful & unlawfully here. I've lived here since 12 yet the bill does not help me get residency. WHY
If the bill is truly about the stated reasons,don't punish children here legally by leaving us out. We also need path to residency! #DACA
You have a path to residency.
The path to residency for some legal immigrant children entails a 70 yr wait. That means they'll be dead before they  get their gc.
Sometimes I get angry with @LindsayGrahamSC  then he goes an does something like this...
I'm one of the people affected by this bill! Thank you to these senators! BTW, I wrote a book about my life experience during the election.
What about legal immigration? Are they supposed to wait in queue for freedom to switch jobs for ever ????
@SenatorDurbin the USA is a nation of laws. you cannot be here unless you obey the law. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO SECURE THE BORDER. #NOTHING
Senator,as proud US citizen who legally imigrated& processed, do U think dreamers should blame the US or thier law breaking parent? Thnx
Thank you!
Illegal immigrant children
Should Dreamers blame the US or their law breaking parents who gambled on their kids life & lost? 
Put US citizen & legal immigrant first.
Senator Durbin hiw come U can not diffrentiate between legal immigrans and law breaking illigal alians? U were paid to protect the US laws.
Senator Durbin and Graham U both pathetic. Work 4 US children dreams.
U R violating oath of office in protecting the US consistiution &laws.
Today's xenophobia is nothing new. For the past 300 years we imported cheap labor to increase profit; casting them aside when not needed.
Maybe you should protect legal kids from the Democrat gropers & such. IE: the likes of Sen. Julian Carroll, Anthony Weiner, Joseph Morrissey
Bi-Partisan YEEEAAAHH !! Its a START !!
No child should be abused by a government or anyone else
Sound good! You need to STOP a lot of what #45 is trying to do. Please.
 isn't going to like this 
Not buying graham's faux outrage. He will vote against any bill presented by the dems just like he voted against the aca and for trumpcare
Here is my answer. Deport them all
If we wanted republicans to push democrat policies we would have elected democrats in the first place
The THREE STOOGES! I don't have enough space to say everything that is wrong with this crap!!!
Can we include their parents? Children need their parents to thrive.
And ZERO bipartisanship to stop #H1B visa scam and #offshoring college level jobs to India hurting US workers & students.  @LindseyGrahamSC
kick durbin and graham out of the country,
color me surprised!
Yes, yes, yes! I volunteer with these amazing college students. They deserve to stay and become citizens. THANK you. #SupportDREAMers
First Paul/Harris. Now Durbin/Graham. Bipartisan efforts!!! Yay!!!
@SpeakerRyan 
Paul/Harris nothing to write home about! 
Paul in a Hillary dress

It's not about congressmen, 
it's about the legislation!!!
It is, but often they won't play in the same sandbox. This gives me hope. (But not Rand Paul in a dress. I like his hair, though.)
I love this!
Let's Here for Bipartisanship This is How We do it 
Thank you, Senator Graham and Senator Durbin! Regards.
Then you must also protect their parents.
illegal immigrant.  don't hide it if you want success.
Thank you for demonstrating your ability to work on items of common interest.  Hopefully this includes those who served in military
If you kick out their parents then what the fuck does it matter.
As boyfriend and girlfriend
This is the America our families fought and sometimes died for.  Thank you, Senators.
Wonderful!!!!  Good news
45 may have the power to fix those lives, but he lacks all inclination to do so.
The orig. EDICT said they could "earn" their way 2 citizenship by serving country OR going 2 college. NO! Lots of Alinski-ites R in college!
Every now and then there is a ray of sunshine from the Republican Party.
We need to support dreamers. Dreamers are as Americans as we all are!
Meanwhile, under a bridge near you, watch as our children starve and have no future. Aww compassion.
@dbrophy98 !!!!
Awesome job guys!! Keep up doing the RIGHT thing for our country!!
Join @TheDemocrats We have our own Dreamers who need help!
That's great now how about joining forces to get the maniac out of the White House
Just another way of kicking Trump down. Support the kids you have to support the Adult PARENTS. Republican Turn DEM all it Amounts to. Loser

Now let's welcome & protect the rest of the family.
Sen. Graham erroneously inferred that Tater has fixed something as President, or might in the near future. He's done nothing but talk shit.
So the game plan is to effectively kill every initiative brought forth by the Obama administration then reinact with their names on them
Right
"I will protect these children" said the almighty white man!! They are all disgusting poor excuses for human beings
Being white doesn't make them disgusting. Being shitty human beings makes them disgusting. Nothing more.
@LindseyGrahamSC Your actions show that u value party over country or health.Dreamers need healthcare,u value party AGAIN.Shameful
U talk but u vote the party line.Someday u may need help from the very people & country that u r trying to make a living hel*
What if doctors turn away from u,like u turn away the most vulnerable among us?U work 4 the people,we don't work 4 u.UR not a .
Do I believe ur sincere about this Dream Act?NO,I do not,it's a ploy playing off ur friend's awful diagnosis.
McCain a hero & fair to his opponent Obama.Despite his GOP I admired him.Until this year,party & twit n chief above country.Unbelievable
Oh, wow. An ACTUAL Republican. That's an endangered species, albeit already inoculated with Tea Party crap. What a breath of fresh air.
Every now and then, Linday surprises me and then he takes a hard right.
So nice!!!
I REEEEEAALLY LIKE THEM !!...

Not sure what to say about this,I know it's not their fault there parents broke the law..
Wow!!!!
#Beautiful
God bless you, John McCain and Dick Durbin, & all the rest in DC who care.
Awesome!
I pray this is the beginning again of America FIRST! Called BiPartisanship!!!
Proves there can be common sense bipartisanship in our government and by the way WE should demand it! What's with all these Party's WE ARE 1
Also proves those are two good men. What's right over party. Good work!
Dare I say it, I might kinda like Lindsay Graham a little now.
Despite his forays to the right, I've always kinda liked Lindsay since he nailed Ted Cruz.
There are a few republicans left to respect
Lindsey Graham (R) on Trump; "He's a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious bigot
Lindsey Graham voted "yes" for every idiot Trump wanted in his cabinet and he votes along party lines every single time. All bark - no bite.
Still, he told the Truth about Trump
Graham said brutally true things about Trump during the debates and primaries. I liked him, 'til he fell in line behind Ryan and McConnell.
Re: Graham, I think @realDonadTrump grabbed him by the PUSSY !
It's possible every member of the GOP has been violated, by the monster-in-charge. He's a predator ... it's what he does.
I believe that most of the R's in Congress would be violated willingly by the Orange One !
