

Doesn't affect working families at all.
Give it a rest buddy, if he sneezed you'd say he coughed!
WV Senator (D) Joe Manchin said on OAN that he spoke with Trump on tax cuts, and I quote! "Myself, nor any other 1%er's gonna get a tax cut"

The government has no right to confiscate any part of inheritance want to talk about double taxation well the death tax is the poster child
This Senator is either lying of can't do math or understand taxes. I do taxes for a living. Estate taxes are avoided by the wealthiest BTW.
What do yall do everyday find topics to flat out lie about. You must think we are stupid
Ppl get few bucks-less than $100 a month? &wealthy &Corps get BILLION$ -that's not a plan -it's highway robbery @GOP should b wearing masks
Go educate yourself because you don't have the facts. Money in your pocket benefits you and everyone you do business with.
You, yourself, and every other congressmen, and women are amongst the 1%! Not the 20%! Not the 10%! THE 1%! How did that happen, Senator??
0.2%!! Lmao! Who's that? Soros, Bill, Gates, Zuckerberg, you're in the top 1%!
You don't understand, everyone making 50K really needs the break. Many probably have 5M dollar or more Estates, Right? More R's Bulls#!t!!
Of course do u think an estate worth multimillion will be add to reduction in taxes wow and some how reinvested to create jobs yeah right.
Hmm. Sounds like basic facts. Why don't you try telling us about your bipartisan solution? #nothelping
So you are saying you keep 1/2 of what parents leave their kids? I understand you want it... but shouldn't the kids get it instead of you?
Well I see Dick Durbin has even been dumb down by CNN.
Senator, please save us from these grifters. Thank you
Trump will benefit from the plan.
Everybody needs to question Trump's tax plan once all is released.
I hope he takes you down first. But really you need to get off the tax wagon. It is our money not the govt or yours. Ours. Get over it
don't sweat it dick, dems will have chance to grap with GOP!
You lie!!!
I know now explain it to his supporters his poor supporters the rich 1’s r happy over the tax plan
Singing an old song there. Not buying your rusty old rhetoric. NYSE=Record GROWTH=3.1% 401K way up. Better figure out a new line of BS
DEATH TAX DICKIEEEE--DEATH TAX!
And you wonder why we believe nothing you say.  Cut the lies.  Sick of twisting truth from all you politicians
Bull crap. Speak truth for once. Stop this wealth fear you spread. This is for all
Dems use the estate tax to keep high mortgage  and rental rates! Let's start making housing more affordable and end these poor rental prison
Your estate probably worth the 5.43 million so you will have to pay the tax mine is far from that I won't owe anything That a boy Dick LIE
Vote out REPS!
Sad
The estate tax was charged to 84 families last year. I don't think we change tax code to benefit 84 people.
It is about fairness for all of us. You can go back to sleep now because you don't understand. Educate yourself. Please.
Really??? There shouldn't be an estate tax
How is that ripping off working families.  Not passing the tax bill will result in ripping off all Americans.  Vote No = U lose election
Estate tax was taken away from the local governments a few years back in Ohio, so I wonder where it now goes??
@SenatorDurbin how bout you worry about Chicago....
Trumps tax plan is a lie.
@realDonaldTrump Con
So we can't punish Dreamer because of the acts of the parents. But it's ok to punish the children of the dead for their parents actions.
Flat tax no deductions for all
We'll mr so that's the best you can do ? So from this your for double taxation.  Once when the money is made and again when you die
No surprise. Trump lived his entire life for the almighty dollar.  This was his plan. So obvious.
You listen to Bernie Sanders too much. He, along with Democrats, have increased our taxes, and given entitlments to illegals.
Do not support this bad plan.
Perhaps when the wealthy have their children join the military at the same rate as the poor & middle we should abandon the estate tax.
Why should anyone pay estate tax? Why should govnt get death money from anyone that built up their savings/ business etc.
What logic is this?
Thank you in advance for voting NO on this crap.
Here Dick here's my proposal for a #TaxReform for all you Democrats
Can you explain how
Be honest you are declaring war 
on the Illinois Family Farmer to fund the Government Class. End your 73% taxpayer provided subsidy on H/C.
Please tell the truth.  Don't start TWISTING the truth like many others.
Policy not based on facts
Created by partisan hacks
Ignores the real ills
No need does it fill
Except lowering rich donor's tax!
Why don't you cut wasteful government spending instead of keep coming up with things to tax!!!
#Democratsareoutoftouch
First Dems cause Appalachian people to lose their jobs by regulating mines out of business, now the Democrats wants our family farms...
Defer capital gains forever? The only way to do that is to never take the money out. What good is money when you don't spend it.
(pt 2 of 2) confiscated before it is passed onto children. A problem I will never have, but just wondering. Thank you.
I support you. But how, after paying taxes one's whole life, is it fair for a person to know that a chunk of his estate will be (pt 1 of 2)
Estate taxes hurt Appalachians yet again because their ONLY wealth is in their land. Heirs have to sell family farms to pay Estate tax.
Ripping off working families? How about making the Government Class do with less. Your 73% taxpayer funded subsidy for healthcare must go!
AS IF YOU NEVER BELIEVED THAT THE ONLY REASON TRUMP WANTED TO BE PRESIDENT WAS TO FEATHER HIS OWN NEST...  SERIOUSLY.  GET A CLUE.
I say raise taxes on politicians at all levels of government & eliminate their ability to keep contributions & lower taxes on everyone else
Wasn't that money already taxed when the deceased earned it?  Why does the government think it should be entitled because of a death?
Working families probably won’t notice. They must be busy looking for Hillary’s emails
What about hedge funds that pay %15 cap gain tax. There the DNC and Schumers largest donors but you don't mention that. Pay for Play
Trump read "trickle down for dummies" and thought it sounded big league good. #dotard #trickledown #donaldchump
Got to help the Trump family. The DeVos,The Mercer family and all the big 1 precent GOP donors
No this is about fairness and less taxation. Protecting family assets for future generations. Remember the demise of the family farmer?
You talk about ‘ripping off’ while advocating for taxing on items a second time. Estate tax destroys family farms
What percentage of American's have to pay the estate tax?
How come the swamp politicians got rich off of a government salary?! So lets end term limits and corrupt politicians getting rich! deal?!
