Proof you lie. Obamacare hurts those that need help the most
 -
You voted for Obamacare. Anyone with common sense knew it was unsustainable. This is on YOU. #MATH #MAGA
You sir are the mistake that voted for this failing healthcare system. Congress should vote to freeze current rates after a 50% reduction.

I'm so sick of this. I NEED this cvge to LIVE and I'm paying $550/mo for the silver plan, for just myself! Only 1 option in Kankakee county.
You seriously voted for someone that has ties to Russia as FBI director? Disgusting!
He represented someone in a case, he was a US citizen against a Russian oil company. He problably lost. Nothingburger, I think he is safe
It's exactly the type of connection the left would call damning evidence against trump.  I think that was his point.
Evidence of What?? Trump probably had no idea of this case. He looks at the big picture, looks at wins and losses as a lawyer.
I think you missed my joke.  Now that you know it's a joke, the words may sound different to you.
Oh I am sorry about that, LOL!
I probably could have worded it better but whatever.  Ha ha
No I read it fast and let's face it, I just don't get some jokes sometimes. All Good.
Insurance premiums always always go up. Up. Not down. But the insurance companies have made it clear the sabotage IS making matters worse.
Wrong. They are the direct result of your vote to enact Obamacare. Only Democrats lie this way and think Americans will believe them
Cost were rising
Spot on, they have guaranteed a tainted risk pool.
I would be directly affected. What are you going to do to help the people who voted for you? @SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth
#MedicareForAll - these folks are WAITING to sell #SupplementalMedicareInsurance
#MedicareForAll
#OpenTheMarket
these folks ready
NO-it's the result of a poorly drafted Democratic bill that got shoved down the throats of the American people.  NO SUBSIDIES FOR CONGRESS!
#TrumpLies #DonTheCon #SaveACA #StrongerTogether @BirdsGetStarted
Your mistaken.  Premiums have sky rocketed every year since you choked us with obamacare
Premiums were going up every year BEFORE ACA
Anyone with a brain knows they block it in many states!
Good point!! ...and true!!
Pure baloney!!! Obviously schumer looking over ur shoulder as u tweet. UR party means more 2 u than the ppl. Get real. Seek honesty!!
That is a lie, it's still Obama care sir Dick
Fight back Sen Durbin
I am going to give birth in January 2018. I cannot afford to go without insurance, and I cannot afford higher premiums. Please fix this.
WOW Senator Durbin you sure get lots of Russian trolls.

They sure hate FACTS.

Dear trolls, while you're licking your MASTERS boots please
What a lie. Premiums went up BECAUSE Obamacare was implemented by Democrats.
You are wrong.I had ins b4 aca 600mo,with aca I got exact same plan for http://180mo.You  ppl don't know what you're talking abt.
YOU ALL NEED TO FIX IT OR GET IN A DIFFERENT LINE FOR A JOB - YOU SUCK AT THIS - WHEN YOU STOP FAILING AMERICA WILL WIN
you govern the most corrupt and fiscally wasteful state in US...shut up!!!
Prove it with data not hand waving and threats of people dying
How about the atrocious leadership of your state including yourself? #personalResponsibility

Stop taking donor money from the medical industry and go for Single Payer or move on and away
That, Senator is your mistake
Corporate welfare thru SUBSIDIES is killing the middle class. Let's see who fights for middle, and who fights for insurance record profits.
You are a LIAR!
Obamacare has gone up and is going up more because it's a detriment on our society
Americans can't afford the rising costs of #Obamacare. The average exchange plan is nearly $3,000 more expensive than it was 4 years ago. 
NO, it is a direct indicators of your lack of leadership, and your failed obamacare
Absolutely. Anyone doing reading can find out why this is true. Of course, deniers, T supporters won't bother to read and learn truth.
Have you read the comments here?  We know your full of it.
Bwahahaha
All trump efforts to correct the disaster you created have failed because your in the way.  Now its trumps fault for rising premiums? Smh
the bull really gets boring senator. no it's the result of OBAMACARE. kill the law!!!  stop lying 2 us sir. thanks.  [west. chicago, ill]
No
That's bull and you know it..
No they aren't, it is #POTUS not shelling out billions for a failed plan. One that you keep begging him and #GOP to help fix Dems mess.
Govt is wasting healthcare $ on ppl w/unhealthy lifestyles
Drug abusers & ppl w/ promiscuous sex habits
Yet Christian counselors not allowed
Absolutely False-Dems are the guilty party that failed healthcare for us! Premiums dbld,huge deductibles, unaffordable WAY before election!
Give me a break Sen Durbin! Illinois increases happened at 80% before the election last year.Your ACA is horrendous and all Dems responsible
Did you seriously just say that out loud? Give me ONE proven instance where gov't ran something more efficiently than private industry.
Direct Result of Obama and the Democrats that shoved the #ACA up the Americans hind end. Why do you think you lost house senate and WH?
This is disgraceful. This is the work if a monster.
Screw you and the State of Illinois. We in Texas only get about $.75 of every dollar paid in income tax back in order to support your state!
Good attempt to pass the buck! The Dems created the mess. It was destined to fail & you knew it. You & only you own it. #passthebuck
Bull
they all need to live under the laws they pass period
Liar!
Make no mistake YOU FAILED AMERICA AND WENT FULL GLOBALIST BETRAYING THE VERY FLAG YOU EXPLOIT.
THE #EUGENICS LOBBY WILL FALL
White House has not sabotaged healthcare. Dems and 3 reps did. Where have u been?
Make no mistake.Dems continually create disasters & demand others clean up their almost impossible to do mess. STOP MADNESS. #NeverVoteDem
Ever herd of the book "reasons to vote Democrat"
That is total BS and you know it. The amount you lie is discussing I do not know how you look yourself in the mirror. Have you no soul
None of Illinois does.  Glad I moved away.
DT Moscow
@SenateDems which he & others have been involved n ,since he entered the WH,this country deserves better then this man baby#R
So much for bipartisanship.
i do NOT believe 1 word you say!
lies lies lies,  must be a democrat supporter
Liar liar Fake News via Sen high speed rail billions wasted.
The New York Times said that in 2015 rates would increase 20% is that because they knew trump would win or because Obamacare is shit?
They started w/Dems! Stop passing the buck & take responsibility for this dumb-ass ACA!
The insurers are mad that Trump won't fund a bribe for them? My Illinois BCBS when up 40% last year when bribes were being paid by Obama
Thank you @DickDurbin for calling out @potus and @gop on the destructive lies.
So you know your talking to a guy that said sanctuary cities are too poor to turn in illegals thanking a liar for exposing lies hmmm
Well if he is talking about cities in Illinois, then yes they probably are to poor.  Lol
No, try another democrat lie. It was failing while obummer was still in office. It was designed to fail. Dems own it. You forced it on USA
Does the Senator from Missouri , Senator Roy Blunt @royblunt aware of the White House is doing to ACA?
How can POTUS/Congressional GOP refuse to FUND the law/ACA? How is not funding a law LEGAL?
The flawed ACA does not require the payments be made
Obamacare was designed to implode so you could push Socialized Medicine on Americans. Well, that ain't happenin' & Democrats own it!
Thank you senator Durbin! This corrupt circus must end soon and it will because they can't even trust each other, much less the main con!
What city do you live in Lisa?  Is it nice there or full of crime and poverty?
We progressives are speaking out! We want actual change! I'm from Peoria, Illinois and healthcare is important to me cause I'm a asthmatic!
So what do you blame the 2010, 11, 12,13,14,15,16 premium increases?  Oh yea, a natural byproduct of your crappy Obamacare!
USA consTitution
Middle American
@USAconsitution
Middle aged Middle Income High Class Patriotic Constitutial Consevative  
What about all the increases in the past? Was that him too, Dick?
See this email I received today from Anthem/Blue Cross @AnthemInc re: #ACA in California #SavetheACA
BS
No. You guys are the sabotage. Repeal Obamacare now
Could you for once get educated about the things of which you speak and tell the truth? #DurbinWorthlessInIllinois
It is that truth which Trump & Party is not ready to accept.
Even when the insurers, who are increasing premiums, are telling them it is so
It's actually due to the government no longer charging people for not having coverage and  anthem used to get some of that money.
Merge Anthem with Aetna and Aetna takes charge of policy-claims not Anthem some injuries tke more than 2years to see the permanent damage
Who are trying to lie to the premium increase was already in for 2018 after #Obama was out of office Stand up like a man @SenatorDurbin
Consevative?
Constitutional conservative who likes to keep up on facts.  We have to stay 1 step ahead of political bs.
They are a direct result of the design-to help transition to single payer. Please be truthful! We know who is to blame and want it repealed
Sabotage = Not forcing us to pay SUBSIDIES to PROFITABLE INSURERS!
