Sources: Senate GOP prepared for Obamacare repeal vote next week http://politi.co/2tlmaAR  via @burgessev and @jenhab 
The American people deserve to see the secret @SenateGOP health care repeal. Until they do, it can't be business as usual in the Senate
gum up the works, senator! There is no point in doing anything less than obstruction now.
That's all the Dems can do since they have no plan to fix the mess Tricky Dick and Dems created. #makechicagoitsownstate
That’s all Dems can do when Mitch and his legion of doom 1) craft a bill in secret 2) plan on giving it HOURS of discussion instead of days
Tricky Dick and Dems were invited to help and the Dems said no. So stop bitching and whining.
And did you learn that from Infowars or Fox News? Cite a source.
GOP even asked the Dems to come up with a bill to fix ACA. They didn't and can't because the Dems have no idea how to fix it.
I call your basic facts into question. There is no desire for an exchange of ideas. We all just want to win.
I wasn't for the ACA and I'm not for the GOP plan. I'm for Universal Healthcare
@laureldavilacpa @SenateGOP @politico @burgessev Obama had the courtesy to meet w GOP members for ACA. Why can't the GOP?
Why would They? Tricky Dick and Dems have no plan to fix the mess they created.
Lest there is something to work with, ACA isn't perfect, but it helped. GOP nothing.
Their is nothing to work with. GOP asked Dems to do a plan to fix ACA.
Jeez, Least Dem have a healthcare plan, GOP has nothing. Fix it how? Gut Medicaid-no
We must stop the #GOPPopulationControl
Wow. You're quick.
@laureldavilacpa @SenateGOP @politico @burgessev @jenhab There's no record of WH press briefings. Governing in the shadows.
They are setting up their own losses at the voting booths, given our elections aren't compromised. Maybe they're counting on that.
Look at Georgia the GOP is playing every dirty cheating trick there is
Elections have historically used dirty tricks, but technology has upped the game.
Jefferson hired a reporter to smear Adams. After Jefferson won the election, Adams sued the guy for slander and won. Callendar went to jail.
Thanks for the reminder that this is Ben like this from the beginning. We have to be constantly villigent against the rise of the oligarchs
So, we'll probably survive Trump too. We just need to get out the vote. Because the only thing that really scares Republicans are voters.
I agree Trump's changes can be undone, except for all those who may die due to losing health insurance and ICE deportations.
I hope this is a wake-up call for those who took our Republic for granted. We need a passionate & informed electorate who VOTES for change.
Please retire and let the people in your district have a real Senator, not a party line puppet.
Another tweet from senator DICK
Right out of the Democrat playbook. Ask Grandma Nancy about passing it to see whats in it. Your hypocrisy is showing.. Dick
please do everything -- everything -- in your power to stop this outrageous and undemocratic maneuver.
GOP only doing what Tricky Dick and Dems did. Remember we have to pass it to see what's in it.  Dems have no plans on how to fix ACA.
Twice false. Dems held hearing after hearing on health care. Obama met with GOP MOCs. And for plans, see
Again they have no plan. They were asked to help and they would rather obstruct. Dems screwed up healthcare and GOP will do same thing.
They have no plan except for the plan just hyperlinked. They didn't screw up healthcare. Gave millions insurance. Premiums rose for small #
Get this straight: Obamacare is a nightmare. It should be repealed in a one sentence bill.
What you read the bill this time?
You passed the ACA before you read it.
Unbelievable this can happen in a democratic society.
Well it's a republic sooooo
Misspoke, meant in a democracy.  Shame on me: tweeting when I'm supposed to be watching a 7th grade volleyball tournament. 
How is Obamacare working out Dick? You dems passed it without reading it. Stop talking out of both sides of your mouth.
Dickie you demos did the same damned thing but now its not ok. Crybabies
Well we're in familiar territory then, right? #Obamacare
@HouseGOP & now @SenateGOP willing to harm, kill 1000s, maybe millions just to remove a black man's accomplishments from U.S. History books.
You hypocrite this is what you did with obama care. ( we have to pass it to find out what's in it ) you were fine then why not now
We have to pass it...
No what's frightening tricky Dick is you don't know what's in the bill because you would rather  obstruct. Altho with no plan to fix ACA ICY
Pretty sure you remember this drill.  "We have to vote on it in order to find out what's in it"   You voted for it.
Well you have to pass it to see what’s in it!
If you want it get it straight, try again.
Where the pussy hats at?
It's beyond frightening Senator-I believe it's criminal. It's done willfully, strategically and without regard to the welfare of citizens.
You must be talking about Tricky Dick and Dems when the passed ACA. Now the have no plan to fix the mess they created.
Thank you Sen Durbin! #HoldTheFloor
Deja vu
Won't effect thr own 100% Publicly Subsidized Full Healthcare...let tht soak in.
2018 #NoSafeSeats #MidTermsRising #EndCorpGovernance
Senator, aside from speeches the GOP isn't listening to, what are Dem's going to do? Comb that Constitution.
What are you doing about it?
You can stop it! Keep fighting!!
#HOLDTHEFLOOR
Are you really a senator?  Did you just make a negative comment regarding the plan & then said you haven't seen it?  Seriously?
That's why we call him Tricky Dick. He has no plan to fix the mess he voted for called ACA. But he can obstruct with the best of them.
Please help us all @SenDuckworth and Durbin!
Tricky Dick and one term Duckworth cant do anything but obstruct. They have no plan to fix ACA Tricky Dick and Dems passed. What a mess.
Do what you can to stop them.
Hypocritical wouldn't you say, just ask Pelosi.
Maybe you'll save $2500 per year.
Go get 'em, @SenatorDurbin and @TammyforIL! We are counting on you.
Extremely frightening!
Kinda like what you did when you passed OCare
Shameful.
Sen Durbin, Please halt all activity on the Senate floor until there is a public hearing on the proposed health care bill. @SenDuckworth
Let me set you straight on something else. I lost my insurance 3 times and Nancy told us we had to pass the bill before anyone reads it.
Yup. Go get 'um Senator Durbin. Or have Rauner pay for our healthcare after he gives our money back ti schools. #ConfederacyofDunces
"Turban" Dick Durbin:
@SenatorDurbin~
You should be well prepared for ANY new healthcare bill...
you passed obamaKare before reading it!!
#ShowUsTheBill or we'll fire you.
Please don't let this happen.
But you and hundreds of Twitter pundits know what is in it? How can this be?
Dubin Lies. Your party forced people to buy a product they didn't want. Ending Obumacare is healthcare freedom.
 #IAmAPreexistingCondition
The #ACA gave me healthcare. @GOP are taking it away. I don't know what to do. I am powerless over my own fate. It's too much
@psybella @SenateGOP No, they're just being Republicans...
Thank you @DickDurbin #NoHearingNoVote
@RepKinzinger , you thought #TrumpCare was a good idea. I hope @SenatorDurbin sees fit to #withholdconsent to mitigate the damage.
Have you asked or are just going to shut down the Senate to prove you can.
Cannot allow this to happen. Do something!!
Sent them all emails on Sunday. Release
Just because they can't hear the outrage because they r keeping the bill secret doesn't mean they won't feel it when they pass this bill.
Please help save the protections of the ACA for health insurance. I sold my small company but am not old enough for Medicare. Help!
You and your @SenateDems colleagues need to suspend normal order until Russia probe is concluded.
#GOPkillsUS #GOPSOP #USdystopia
Political suicide.
How do you know it will take health care away?
Stand up and shout Senator. Start screaming at them. We are coming and we're mad as hell. Stand up or get out of the way...
Senator Durbin.  Thank you for working towards the best interest of all Americans, not just wealthy ones as @senategop does.
Thanks Senator Durbin! Let America and #Illinois citizens know Democrats have their backs! #aca
We are with you 100%  Please keep fighting loudly and clearly! We need your voice!
MIT Professor JonathanGruber who was one of the Architects of ObamaCare laughed about stupid Democrat voters-ObamaCare designed to FAIL.
...U & Democrats even propped UP dying SenBryd who was not cognitive & on his death bed by his staff for a deceitful vote. Evil people.
Reminds me of how this was rammed through in the first place. Wrong then and wrong now!
...U & Democrats did it with LIES, simple majority, NO REPUBLICAN votes and promises for votes. U lied cheated & stole from American people.
The Democrat Senate & House took away affordable HealthCare from MILLIONS back in Jan2011, i and my family were just one of the MILLIONS.

@SenateDems @SenateGOP @politico @burgessev @jenhab This what tyrants do.
This shouldn't be legal.
If you havent seen the #bill, how do you what is gonna be taken away from people? #fearmonger
I wonder if you could just flat out ask McConnell why he is such a racist  that he wants to reverse everything Obama did? I know-gentleman.
What does bad policy have to do with race?
Please do everything you can, Senator.  This is nonsense, but so is everything in Washington right now.
Thank you for saving health care for Americans & your committment to doing what's right, Senator Durbin!
It's called KARMA!
@SenatorDurbin We are depending on you and your colleagues!
@SenateDems @SenateGOP Where r checks & balances here?. Law to prevent this obstruction in Congress needed.
Keep fighting for IL @SenatorDurbin! We need you! Thank you for all you do!
"Frightening" = understatement of the year. What are you going to do about it? #VoteARama
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr 100's of hearings were done for Obamacare BUT TRUMPCARE is done behind closed doors w ZERO discussion! 
Yes, there were many hearings and revisions in aca. Obama even said it had problems that was updated need work. Rep. refused to work on it
It's almost as bad as passing it to know what's in it
Call your senator and say NO
@SenatorDurbin is my senator and I use @botresist to contact him and @SenDuckworth weekly.
I use that too to reach my representative
It's awesome, isn't it?
It is and I've shared it with many Texans
I share it with friends all over the US
2 biggest gangs in AMERICA DEM and GOP.Lead /get along be the example .A friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart
"But we have to pass the bill to see what's in it...." - Nancy Pelosi 2010 #NoSelfAwareness
@SenateDems have to #FilibusterByAmendment, Senator. I hope you'll use the Senate rules to our advantage to defeat #Trumpcare.
Let me get this straight you had to pass a bill to know what was in it. They don't have a bill and you're making up stuff to scare people
Stop being afraid and start being PISSED OFF
Ask @NancyPelosi about this process. She knows exactly how it works. You have to pass it before you can see what's in it
No more frightening than a 3am Christmas Eve vote on a bill no one read. You have to pass the bill to find out what's in it, right Nancy?
Let me get this straight. You passed a healthcare bill without reading it first. And your complaining rep r taking their time? Right?
I trust you'll do all you can to prevent it or at least shine a light.
@redhed67 @SenateGOP @politico @burgessev @jenhab
Really? Does this sound familiar, 'we need to pass it to see what's in it.'? Wonder who said it? Lying again, Senator.
Not just frightening. Potentially deadly!
About as frightening as @SenateDems who passed ACA so they could find out what was in it.
#CountryOverParty Come on folks, find unity, collaborate. Serve your country well.
Frightening for you? At least you can walk up to them and ask if they've lost their damn minds. They run & hide from us. 
What about the 13 million that lost under ACA?  You will get your review and vote. #StopFearMongering  #pathetic
Where is the sanity in the GOP?  Oh, there IS NO Sanity in the GOP?  That explains it.
@SenToomey offices keep giving conflicting stories. I'm tired of their lies to constituents. #AHCA #Liars #NoHearingNoVote
It's like a page right out of the democrats playbook. That's what u did to us. Remember?
Frightening and despicable. 

Secret governance is simply unacceptable. 

#HoldTheFloor Senate Dems. 

SHAME ON YOU Senate Republicans.
We really have reached a very dark new place in our government. It's a disgraceful performance on something that affects all of us. #Shame
Feel free to keep your powder dry while tens of millions suffer.
Its what monsters do Trump/@GOP offer shit sandwich Burial Package, 4 workn class, students, elderly & preexisting & reward Russian monsters
Yes. Yes it is.
Translation: "here is what the bill does but I don't really know because no one has seen it"
At least we're not being disingenuously told that "you can keep your doctor."
You are correct. I will not be able to afford any doctor
Thank @potus44 for signing a partyline bill that did zero to stop corps frm robbing us blind, while making the process even less transparent
You're supposed tb the consumer. These assholes are supposed to vie for your business. Competition, if it existed, wld drive down costs.
No, let's just put more taxes on medical equipment, & pass the rest to the taxpayer - Oh, & make it compulsory. Very statist of them. I know
Please @SenatorDurbin fight the mystery bill
#RepairNotReplace
Exactly like when Obamacare was forced on us?
I expect you to do everything possible to block the GOP.
PLEASE, Senator, fight #Trumpcare with every weapon in your arsenal!
#GOPkills
Retweet to show your support to Senate Democrats fighting hard tonight to hold to account the #GOP and their horrific #AHCA. #ShowUsTheBill
Hypocrite DEMs suffering from selective dementia? @NancyPelosi demanded #Obamacare pass before ANYONE knew what was in it? @realDonaldTrump
No it's insane and the reason people are so desperate. There are going to be riots in the streets .
That's what the left does best!  Especially when Soros pays
by troll.
Thank you Senator Durbin. Keep speaking up loudly - you have our full support! #ShowUsTheBill
You had no problem taking healthcare away from the nation when you shoved #Obamare down our throats.
#AHCA
#Obstructionists
You probably can't even describe what Obamacare really is.
It's a flawed ideology and an unsustainable system of medicine which will, if left alone, crash under its own weight. 
Run along, Useless.
You answer is as inadequate as I'm sure your knowledge is. Just more repuglican/trump talking points regurgitation.
Your inability to understand it doesn't make it inadequate. It makes you an illiterate, emotion-based decision maker. Logic fails you.
THAT'S WHAT REPUBLICANS AND DICTATORS DO!
A sure sign of just how terrible it is.
They are the majority party, unfortunately, and they have the votes, 52, to do it.
