You're the one using health care for your political gain by advocating pharmacies play doctor in regulating medications.
You mean the way you enacted Obamacare?
You have no idea what the American people want.   That's why our president is not a politician.
You speak for the American people?
No ma'am.   Just stating the facts in which you Dems hate
Bipartisan? Just last week you socialists were pushing single-payer and that, is not bipartisan
Tired of I not even close to how we're feeling
Illinois is still waiting for your recommended changes Senator.
Plseas do what you can to get this fixed.
Said the pot, while talking to the kettle...
REPEAL OBAMACARE
@SenateGOP
Hahahahahaha! Too bad traitor
No, Americans are tired of Liberal Dems forcing things down our throats and your corruption, greed and lies!
So you think this new "healthcare" bill is good? I think your anger is misplaced.
No dickie ppl are tired of ppl like you telling 
Them WHAT2 think if dems really cared they'd help fix the PROBLEM not just collect paycheck
That's what they were doing? But @SenateGOP_  pulled the plug because they want to save face and give a tax cut to the wealthy.
No we are tied of failed socialism the democrats are peddling. Why do you think the dems lost the house, senate and WH. ACA is a loser

No the American people are tired of you.
Trump says he loves the Bible: be quick to hear, slow to anger, slow to speak ! Someone should tell him before a war is started by him !
Yester the American people are tired you guys doing things for political gain
@GOP is officially soulless.
What happened to the Sen. Lamar Alexander and Sen. @PattyMurray bipartisan effort to improve the ACA??
.@SenateGOP abandoned bipartisan effort to strengthen health care for political gain. This is exactly what the American people are tired of.
DISASTER OBAMACARE was not Bi Partisan. No one can afford it
Americans are tired of senators taking money from healthcare industry and blocking #singlepayer. Should. Be. Ashamed.
But that's what the #medicareforall bill was. A power play to drum up support while y'all spent time not writing a bill
Because they've abandoned it doesn't mean the effort is dead. Until ACA is fixed, they'll continue to push a death sentence as healthcare.
Insanity defined! Trying same thing repeatedly while expecting different result! #WeThePeople must stop them again! Call reps repeatedly
The American people lose bc the GOP is owned by two #KOCH s.
People will die. Homes will be lost. But a 1% promise will be kept.
Not for their political gain, but financial gain...maybe for power!!
Tax cut for the rich that are taxed to expand coverage for the poor and elderly. Many kids!
We are tired of your votes support the president or resign
No we are tired of you and your fellow pigs in the senate. Warren, pelosi schummer, McCain etc.
The Republicans don't want to support the current system because the big money donors want their promised Tax Cut!
Lies, bribes & dirty deals portray a deeply embedded culture rooted in the belief that democracy can be bought & sold to the highest bidder
Where is the lie?
Hey DICK isn't that what you and the IDIOT from the last eight years did
We are tired of you for 30 plus yrs
I'm just waiting on something to happen so I can get health insurance again
People hate Obamacare
Upon passing #Obamacare you were rewarded handsomely by the insurance companys you are the last person to preach about bipartisanship.
@SenAlexander sandbagged the effort. TN insurers are raising their rates 21-45% because of the uncertainty of subsidies, not increased costs
They do not care what we are tired of as long as they line their pockets.
@SenSanders @tedcruz @JohnCornyn GOP "deathcare" bill is Exh. A in the case for labeling the GOP a terrorist organization.  RT
GOP wants to strip healthcare But they allow Dr Price to blow $300,000 bucks to charter private planes
Maybe you could also bend the ear of @GovRauner, get him to take a stand? I mean, even @GovChristie is opposed to #GrahamCassidy
You are what American people are tired of ... 30 years of you living off the people
I for one and sick and tired of this party first crap and the only time congress is at election time. COUNTRY FIRST NO PARTY YOU WORK FOR US

Feeling left out bc your Senators are already voting no? Use @IndivisibleTeam's http://trumpcareten.org/calls-to-kill-trumpcare … to call other voters and  them up
Obama U Democrats avoided a bipartisan vote in shoving down Progressive Marxist ObamaCare down our throats forcefully destroy HC-Damn U ALL!
Amen
You have the power to stop it.  Put a hold on the bill, Senator.
American people are tires of @TheDemocrats rhetoric and falsehoods, you keep losing numbers Dick
There was never a bi-partisan effort, you would not allow it.
Just like the bi part effort 8 years ago. Bwahahaha
Let's be transparent. Which GOP senators do we have a chance of swaying to NOT vote for #CassidyGraham bill?
Liars @LindseyGrahamSC & @BillCassidy #fake HC Bill will kill countless people. Senators who votes yes are murderers. Revolution is coming.
Its otherwise called treason, although gop's treason is not solely based on making a bs kgbcare healthcare bill.
What the American people are tired of is the feckless Senate & the bloviating complainers like you
Yes, we are!
How about you investigate the AMA and AMERICAN Dental association for price fixing.
The American people are tired of:
@realDonaldTrump
@POTUS
@FLOTUS
@IvankaTrump
@GOP
@SenateGOP
@HouseGOP
@SenateMajLdr
@SpeakerRyan
Etc
Etc
And people like you
I cant afford more taxes! If you love it so much then why are you not on the program? Give up your congressional plan! Join the people!
https://amp.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/sep/20/america-700bn-military-healthcare-luxury …
#MedicareForAll #luxurylife
@IlliniExile @kevintodd444
The last 2 midterms and the last general election confirm you're full of.
So they will pass a masked bow to $$, queuing up the next "issue." Next at bat?  More tug-of-war.  Majority of majority, no one wins. Not us
TY for fighting for us, Sen. Durbin!
Senator please keep up the fight.  The people are behind you!
Please speak only for yourself! "We" are not behind Dick; he's a liar and as crooked as the Clinton's and Madigan!
Thanks for keeping the pressure on! Also: the aides that answer your phones are very nice!
It seems that you and @LindseyGrahamSC have taken on a good cop/bad cop role in hopes of self preservation. Give the people the HC we buy u.
You're about to be suckered again
I seem to remember someone uttering the words "You have to sign it to read what's in it." Do you remember that Dickie?
And now they are bribing @lisamurkowski for her vote.
Then support Bernie Sanders #MedicareForAll bill
Yeah it benefits only the Koch brothers
