Based on his record of siding w corporations over working ppl & failure to show he'd stand up to @POTUS, he is the wrong person for the job
I will continue to oppose his nomination to a lifetime appointment to America's highest court when he is considered on the Senate floor
Good & thank you! #TrumpRussia #resistance
Thank u senator Durban! I live in Texas but born and raised in your state!
Thank you.
Just make sure they know the nuclear option is MAD. 60 votes or new candidate. You're already playing fairer than they did w Merrick.
You are wrong, he rules according to the law, if you don't like a judges ruling change the law which he or she makes a ruling on.
Thank you, I'm proud to call you my senator!
Thanks Senator,  but get someone like John McCain to support not killing the filibuster. He occasionally prefers his country to his party...
The partisan fool of the Senate
thank you!!!
What about Judge Gorsuch caused you to vote, nay?
Thank you
Thank you Sen. Durbin!!
You rock Senator! Today I am proud to be one of your constituents. So glad Dems are finally learning to fight!@ActionDekalbCo @ILAction14th
I think its all payback for not getting your way with the O appointment... stop blowing smoke
Thanking for working to keep balance in the court.
Thank you. This shouldn't be happening until there is an investigation completed.
You won't be getting our vote in Illinois either.  Why don't you do something about the Chicago violence.
Stand Up for Democracy #Resist We're American's and will not tolerate racism, sexism, or bullies. #NoWall #PayUrTaxes #SupportUrKids 
I as a Navy IL resident . TY Sen Durbin!
Thank you Senator Durbin from Woodridge, IL.
Sorry lena I can't stand him and Shumer Agee to disagree
Boooooooo!
Thank you Senator Durbin :) Please have the Trumps @realDonaldTrump...investigated for their money ties with Russia! @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Thank you!

Thank you my Senator! Don't give up the fight!
This may assure very conservative appointments during the next two openings.
Rollin the dice #gorsuch
Filibuster!
Bad call. He is more than qualified and you know it you partisan shill.
Let Mitch McConnell invoke the nuclear option. What goes around comes around...
What's ur first name?
I approve!
Thanks
Thank you for your wisdom and mature decision 
Truthfully? Anyone on the @POTUS  short list would be a NO.  #GorsuchHearings #Nuclear
Thank you Senator Durbin For voting with your constituents!
I am so proud to live Illinois! Thank you!
As corrupt as your state is how can anyone take u seriously
Thank you for voting NO!
Thank you for looking out for our country. #NoGorsuch
thank you Senator
thank you Senator Durbin!  We need a Supreme Court Justice who doesn't put corporate profits ahead of people!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin !! This constituent appreciates your vote.
As your employer, I demand you give me 5 reasons why you are doing this! #confirmgorsuch Please stop going against us #conservatives.
Thank you
Thank you!
thank you, Senator Durbin. We have your back.
Thank you for this vote of No!
Thank you Senator Durbin! I'm a proud Illinoisian!
Thank you.
Hack
Thank you, Sen Durbin
I don't disagree with you about Gorsuch. I just don't see the value in forcing the nuclear option. The next one cd be worse.
Thank you for voting #NoToGorsuch
You did the right thing, Senator. Thank you.

It feels good to have someone fighting on your behalf, instead of fighting against you.
QUESTION: If or when Trump is found guilty of treason, can Gorsuch be removed since his appointment was by way of an illegitimate Potus?
Pathetic
Thank you Senator!!
Why?  Don't say he wasn't qualified. Say it's because he wasn't Merrick Garland.  It's a stolen seat.  Period.
Thank You!
Dick your a stand up guy will add you to the list of the 1043 Democrats who lost their seats in the past 8 years! Adios Dicky...
Thank you! 
Thank you very much- corporations have more than enough influence without Gorsuch!! We need SCJ who doesn't tip the scales of justice!!
You couldn't just slide on over to Kansas and maybe do the same for the two idiots there who can't seem to understand the issues.
Thank you!
Are you representing your constituents?
He is representing this constituent! There should be NO movement on Gorsuch until we know the extent of #russiagate
Thank you Senator.
Thank you for supporting the American People! I support your decision.
This Californian was a huge fan of yours since the 80s when you were in the House, and I remain a huge fan to this day. Thank you.

Not the point.  It's a stolen seat.  Every Trump SCOTUS should be filibustered.
thank you for standing up for the people of this already great nation!
Thank you for voting NO sir.  We appreciate that.
Thank you Senator.

Thank you, Senator.
Why did you support Gorsuch as Circuit Judge Before Joining Dem Filibuster Against SCOTUS Nomination? Too old if memory fails you to recall.
Thank you for this, Senator. Glad you are doing right by our state.
Thank you for standing up for what is right!!
Thank you for your courage
Thank you, Senator! 
We watch as GOP policies ruined KS MI LA MS NC and now they have the Country .ARE WE DOOMED ? Desperate times need desperate action
Thank you for voting no,
Try giving one good reason why because he's not a crook is the only reason I could see why you wouldn't vote for him he's a good man
Thank You! #respect
do the investigation(s) for treason, not nullify any SCOTUS nomination by this President at least until the investigations end?
U idiot!
SenatorDurbin U voted no because U are not a honest honorable man. You broke your OathOfOffice RuleOfLaw undermining USConstitution: RESIGN
Thank you!!! I've been calling your office daily and appreciate your support!
Thank you!!
TY
The issue is not his merits it's the fact that this WH is slowly being unveiled as completely illegitimate
