I would like you to protect the rights of Christian citizens as strongly as illegal immigrants. Start by ending bigoted questions in senate.
Are you assuming those immigrants are not Christian? Or that only Christian citizens have rights?
Neither. I am asking for equal concern for Christian citizens. How many tweets has Durbin made re: DACA while badgering a Catholic nominee?
No! We want those #Dreamers to become citizens. Democrats want to keep them in limbo so they will think they need them!
Citizenship is fine with Democrats but the GOP only want to deport everyone.
Either come to Twitter with a real argument or don't come. The GOP wants to deport everyone is something a 13 yr old might say.
Retweet to tell Senator Durbin to include Legal immigrant #H4Dreamers like Preeti in #DreamAct. #S281
Who will advocate for #Dreamers of LEGAL, tax paying #immigrants stuck in 70 year Green Card backlog #Fairness4Legals @SenatorDurbin 
Pl. take care of legal immigrant kids #h4dreamers in Dreamers Act! Save them from deportation and US from losing educated trained manpower
Thank you for fighting to #DefendDACA! We need these kids, they are our future. #SupportDREAMers #HereToStay
Or better yet text RESIST to 504-09 to fax your members of Congress. It takes a minute of your time!
Nobama mess blame him
hope get done what have not done in 16 years in 6 months the county will be watching what do now will take 60 votes to pass?
RT #DreamAct Now  #TRUMP You pardoned an AZ Sheriff for targeting Latinos   6 months will it be happening every State.
Screw the dreamact! Too bad you don't care as much for our Great American VETERANS who served our country as you do these Mexicans!
Tell Congress to pass Tax Reform first.  The Dreamers had all this time to become citizens - they can wait a little longer.
Great idea, link it to a wall and a tax cut for all Americans.
Bring it without the crap attached and forget that stupid wall of people need walls put them in their own yards 15 feet tall should work
No mandatory military service! Unconstitutional!
Screw the DREAM Act how about the United States citizens that were born here.
@SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan - save #DACA - be a HUMAN BEING! The Psychic Toll of Trump’s DACA Decision
WE WANT IMPEACHMENT!
In the age when COGS have gone up an average 12%, what are you doing to keep your restaurant profitable? Look to the a tavola group for new ideas on how to beat out the competition. Are you ready?
Please bring the Act to the floor: Check Out All on the Hill and The Planet: please pass on. http://GeoengineeringWatch.org . And Ethos Genesis.
No get to work for Americans
all democrats need to stop breaking the immigration laws and the http://constitution.You  took a oath to protect both you failed
it won't make it to the floor it does not follow the immigration laws or the constitution.No court will allow this to happen
Found out what it is help pass it
What is the # Dream act
incompetent congress. Bring it to the floor now.
You're a leader? No wonder the Democratic Party is floundering.
Stop with your bullshit DREAM Act Durbin and start worrying about the people in Illinois stop your damn preaching about the DREAM act.


why?
That's where it belongs. On the floor. In shreds! Send them home!
.
Maybe a "CATHOLOPHOBE"?
ARE YOU A "CHRISTIANOPHOBE" SENATOR?
Had you asked a MUSLIM judge if they felt their faith might interfere with their decisions, you would have been labeled "ISLAMOPHOBE"
When you were questioning how a Catholic judge might be influenced by her faith, I wondered, would he ask a MUSLIM that?  If not, why not?
Dick try listing to the millions who say no.stop exploting dreamers for liberal votes.its not working
Silly me, I contacted them directly.
Bring #impeachment proceedings to the floor NOW.
Not with funding the border wall
ATTABOY, DURBIN! SCREW THE DREAMS OF YOUNG AMERICAN CITIZENS. STEAL THEM AND GIVE THEM TO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!
Thank you, my Senator!
What country did your family come from immigrant?
Bring a bill to the floor that ends farm subsidies.  Red states complain about welfare yet they are all to willing to take handouts.
and bring your own credit card not ours
Where is the retweet for bringing impeachment to the floor? I can't seem to find it.
You are the true American Hero, God Bless. #DreamAct2017 #DreamAct
I stand with them! #DreamAct2017
Sure, you agree to demand the Justice Department reopen The Clintons Haiti, Clinton Foundation and Hilary Clinton's collusions with the USSR

FYI
When politicians work for foreign interest & not those of the American people who elected them thanks Dick @RealJamesWoods @PrisonPlanet
https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B6-xZMRm0ehva0J1WVlBWHcyQ3M/view …
Don't count on GOP. They cant pass what they have promised for seven years
Heartless bastards better pass with no strings attached! #DefendDACA #DreamAct no politics, no games! Enough BS, time 2 do the right thing!
Yeah they're much more important than the people who elected you. Rewarding people for breaking the law
Why don't you do it your there
No
Also McCaskill. I want to see them commit to Dreamers. Thank you.
There are a couple of Democratic Senators who may be on the fence. Plz check with Michigan, Tester, Heitkemp, Shaheen, Wyden, Warren Manchin

Retweet if you want Congress to abolish #H1B guest worker visa scam.
Reform not abolish 
Average so called #DACA is in their 30s and should abide by our laws. Obama allowed thousand more to come in by themselves in 2013. Criminal
Nope, they all can go to the back of the line and be thoroughly vetted and apply for citizenship like everyone else. Parents r criminals.
Please cosponsor or help support the passage of HR1036, Thank you, Senator Durbin!
Let's do it!
Would you support it if it they attach Kates law into it?
FUND WALL, comprehensive immig. Reform, REPEAL #ACA, tax cuts, THEN   talk DREAM ACT; no antes! @SenBillNelson @marcorubio @seanhannity @VP
hell no. as long as the democrats wage a war of lies against me i'll fight them any way i can

The walls going up you're losing your base and how smart could you be grasping at these few little votes
