When in History has there ever been such a thing as doing things in Secret at The WH. This should not be allowed and illegal.
Sorry senator but you should be ashamed. I will never vote for you again. We are fed up.
What's your plan Senator?
Let Obamacare implode and see what the Democrats will do then.
That's because they don't care if Americans live or die - only care to be re-elected & push their Draconian policies. Embarrassing!!
20 years you have been a senator ....The problem is that we have congressmen in office this long and get nothing done!
Aid for Puerto Rico now.
Just like you did with Obamacare
ATTENTION
1000s are dying in Puerto Rico
Trump Won't Help
Even though alot is happening WE CAN 
Save a Life
DONATEhttp://Hispanicfederation.org/donate 
You are a damn liar
All republicans even the blacks that think there white are racist but it makes the blacks looks stupid Fuck trump

It's like the ACA all over again!
I'm hugely negatively impacted by ACA now.  No WAY this could be worse.
Think back to 2009 Dickie. When the shoe was on the other foot. You seemed to enjoy employing that tactic.
Republicans are forced to settle on the bill because you Democrats are only focused on yourself, rather than Americans.
If we don't sneak it in then how is it going to pass!? #populationcontrol
Medicare for all.
Kick it down the road Senator, till Obamacare blows up.
Yes..yes..yes...we deserve exactly what these buzzards gave THEMSELVES..
#GrahamCassidy is a smoke & mirrors bill intended to fool the American people into thinking all will B covered. Shame on U @LindseyGrahamSC
Your the one smoking the dope and chopping lines on the mirrors..you lefty crapsacks knew OBLAMACARE WOULDN'T EVER WORK..DESIGNED TO FAIL
Bla bla bla..... you do nothing good for anyone but yourself.......    2018 vote out all incumbents
That's what real #Americans said when the #Democrats rammed #Obamacare though before they read is Thanks for that Dick
The #ACA wasn't rammed through. It was debated in 5 different committees & days & days of hearings.
Dems rushed Obamacare without even reading the bill.  You are all the same. Out for yourself and money. You don't care stop pretending u do
Any different than the AFA? Fix it
My man!! Grandmothers will say Preach! Tell it on the mountain and Shame the devil!
Secret? Like ‘we must pass the bill to@see what’s in it”- that kind of secret??
Not as much as the last 8 years!
That sounds a lot like obummer care
Please vote no! Thank you for the support.
Shut em down, Senator.
Hi Senator Durbin, President Chump's tweets frighten me. Especially the "They won't be around much longer" Sounds like a threat @jack?
Like the Dems did???!
Reminding yourself about how ACA was handled is awakening your guilt. Don’t lay that on others
#DeathCare more like it
if it's secret how do you know what's in it?
If you're going to rush anything, @SenateGOP, rush to the aid of #PuertoRico. Americans are in humanitarian crisis in PR.
Oh, and the way The ACA was passed was OK?! Hypocrite much.
Basically you're saying they're trying to do what you and your constituents did with Obamacare?
Dick: Democrats pushed secret Obamacarel, did you FORGET:  Pelosi said "You have to vote for the bill to find out what's in it?" Keep ur Dr?
Bot account. Goodbye.
You just like you did with Barry ?
You mean just like you did with Barry. Right ? Super Dick ?
What are Ds doing to try to stop it?
Not much they can do without have majority. They are unified against it which is good. They are tweeting posting emailing & on interviews
Schumer has said they were going to try to keep bill from moving forward. I was wondering how that's going,
From my understanding we need another Repub to vote no. Meanwhile they're arresting people in wheelchairs. Disgusting!
Ok. Had hoped the Ds had something up their sleeves. Saw the arrests on MSNBC. Can't believe this is happening.
It's insane! It makes me think they're not worried about reelection cuz it's all rigged 20 something % for it That's 80% voting against them
They only care about their donors and clearly think future elections can be rigged to their benefit.
They have no scruples, they are all heartless and uncaring.
Quite reminiscent of obummercare.
We are being bushwacked!
Correction, bushwhacked!
Most Senate Republicans are  a complete disgrace. Americans deserve better!
They are having sham #FinanceCommittee hearing to satisfy@SenJohnMcCain ?@SenCassidy talking in most theatrical manner. TV ad? Foul!
It is also very disturbing.
You suck big time like all dumbocrats
PLUS I read Cassidy has a $750 million carve-out for HIS - the graft is unbelievable. #VOTENO
well maybe you all in Congress could return to regular order.  Work on behalf of everyone not just your money sources.
Like how OCare screwed more than 300 million Americans trying to cover only an additional 10 million? In the dead of night on Christmas?
Tell the truth.
You first
Oh you mean like that socialist Insurance you sold to the country
Stop Them Senator ROS
Republicans Agree To Debate Bernie Sanders Knowing Full well that Bernie Sanders Will Win Hands Down. ..Something Is Going on America
you're an idiot the government shouldn't even have its nose in healthcare let free enterprise take care of itself
