Hey Senator, let's review the open debate that got us the ACA ...
Just how he reversed the Executive Order by Obama, his turn can come too.
Enough statements. All you guys do are statements. You stand by and make statements. How about some damn action???
#25thAmendment NOW!
Attention GOP and Democrats: The majority in all those red counties voted for Repeal and Replace. 90% of Illinois was Red Sen. Durbin
This map was debunked months ago, btw.
Prove me wrong
http://brilliantmaps.com/2016-county-election-map/ …
You're funny. I don't care enough. I'm not interested in changing your mind.

The Breaking Apart of Obamacare https://theepochtimes.com/the-breaking-apart-of-obamacare_2217532.html … Three years after its implementation, the giant health care law is failing
Trump Signs Executive Order Increasing Choice and Competition in Health Care
cant be as bad as Obama Care
Aren't you Democrats regretting those "At the Secretary's discretion" caveats? Getting bit in the ass by your own legislation.. priceless
Some one has to stop! This is madness. Ppl will die. No adds 4 info,ins that's worthless&to expensive 4 many. Elderly need help. Plse STOP !
Complaining doesn't help - do something! Stop the bull in the china shop before he does irreparable damage.
Should have voted to Repeal and Replace. Democrats still own Obamacare.
My next door neighbor is a retired fire chief he drives a Porsche and his wife drives a hum-vee, and the hum-vees are just stupid.
A political point? You are specifically exempted from Obamacare buddy, give me a break. Play by the rules you set for everybody else.
Stop making statements and start preparing to file the #25th
Why are you surprised?
Despicable
45 only cares about himself, apparently 
We will remember who fought for families and who burned it all down

He's building himself a house, you democrats are so far removed from any common sense financial responsibility it's insane.
How the hell can he re write the law??  It affects millions of people  No president can do that.  What a sick SOB!
Says a professional liar
Please can you get the ball rolling on the 25 ammendment? Trump is mentally unstable & has his finger on the button. Many issues & no time!
AMAZED "Party Politics" Being Played by Elected Representatives of American People... #ACA Needs FIX & YOU KNOW IT...Why NOT HELP.?? #Dems
Yohgave done nothing but line your pockets and big Pharmaceuticals bank accounts!
Spin...spin and more spin.  U guys ever do anything else ??
Why can't we do something about it?
Oh, you would oppose anything Trump did. #NotCredible
He & GOP want to destroy the ACA. Henceforth this shall be known as Trumpcare (TrumpDontCare)-his name must be on it as his terrible legacy
Our pResident is sabotaging America, Period!!! He's trying to divide up. Unite and don't let him win.
Do something.
What is congress going to do?  When??  Why are you letting this shit show continue?  Grab a pair of balls and stand up to this
Democrats should have worked with Trump and the GOP and fixed the ACA
#liar #lyingDembot #DrainTheSwamp
Trump sabotaging Health Care.
#25thAmendment
You make no sense!!!!
Stop taking away our freedoms!!!
#MAGA
The freedom to die in poverty because of a hospital visit or the freedom to not have access to birth control?
I agree with you, & I like you. BUT #actionsspeaklouderthanwords #actnow #stoptherhetoric #dosomething #stoptrump #stopwritingstartdoing
i got an idea sue him
Keep posting the good stuff. CDC does not mention Puerto Rican perils on website.
How can competition between insurance companies be wrong?That leads to lower premiums and more coverage!!!!!!!!!!
Because then Democrats can't blackmail Ins. Co. for campaign donations
Ok then fix it
If the ACA can be sabotaged by executive order, it was a shitty bill to begin with.
How many people is he going to harm before something is done to stop him?
I'm amazed how many ppl on this thread don't understand how insurance work and how harmful DT's action will be. Keep fighting for us Senator
Premiums for Obozocare cost an arm and a leg with sky high deductibles. That's why Congress exempted themselves from it!
#ImpeachTrumpNow
What now? How do we stop this? It no longer feels like we have three branches of government, sir. What do we do @SenatorDurbin @SenDuckworth
Can the bipartisan group of senators who were working on this earlier this year stop him? At least fix the CSR's ?
We know. When will Congress ACT to remove him? WHEN? He is destroying the country on your watch, Senator. A written stmt is not ACTION.
Because @SenateMajLdr will do nothing.  To him tax changes are worth all the damage being done!
The ACA was designed to fail and usher in single payer we know that because ur side said so not all of us are as ignorant as ur supporters
If you consider the ACA a great program, I've got some swampland down in Florida you can build a new home on.
If you want honesty in politics why support "Lyin' Donnie"? Or are you lying?
Wrong Senator George. You need to send this to multibillionaire McConnell
Where does it say it will hurt middle CLASS? Premiums/ deductibles are killing middle class. You did nothing to help our prem. We need group
To make a political point? Or just to remain in the spotlight?
Is Illinois going to sue?
That's a question for @LisaMadigan and the ineffectual @GovRauner
We need a real leader at this point... Trump is running the country to the ground.
Lowest unemployment rate in 43 years, I hate it
#TrumpCare, #MoronTrump is ruining #America!
How is he doing that? Isn't he opening the group market to individuals, won't that help the middle CLASS? Or don't you care
No real plan.  @POTUS just trying to please white hooded folks
Actions speak louder than words. Statements mean nothing.
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Dear America:

By executive order I'm......

Making Morticians Great Again!  

Sincerely,
Donald J Trump 
#Obamacare #Trumpcare #MAGA #MMGA
The question then is what are you & your colleagues going to do to stop him? You have a responsibility to act. The time is now.
Your shitty musings are pretty moot tbh fam
Yeah great things taking from families to reward supporters how noble what a guy
TRUMP JUST STUCK OBAMA CARE UP THE DEMOCRATS ASS!
He gave the power BACK to Americans to choose what they want.
NOT WHAT DEMECRATS WANT UTB!
GREAT REPUBLICAN AT WORK!
GO TRUMP!
I was raised democrat..But I'm smart enough to see through democrats bull shit!
I VOTED 4 TRUMP!
I think you meant to say that Obama sabotaged our healthcare to make a political point!
The Democrats are playing tiddlywinks while Trump plays hardball. So sick of your flaccid ability to do anything at all. You're losing us.
Pretty sure the minority party is trying with limited ability Hopefully you're trying to change that party's status vs actively undermine it
Exactly who we thought he was. Hitting vulnerable citizens below the belt. His words so empty.USA going backwards @ rapid pace. #Healthcare
Brian Phillips is a troll
Why do you keep calling people troll. "You don't know us".
We know that anyone not using a real picture & has a bunch of numbers in their handle is a Putinbot
That's funny. What kind of picture should I put in. Flowers, buildings. How about clouds.
NO HE IS NOT!
He is giving the power BACK to the American people so they can choose what insurance they want to have.Not u democrats! SOTSFF
THEN DO SOMETHING!!!
JoeP is a troll
No I'm not

#DumpTrump
What health care system?  The one that's been failing the majority of the American people? As Obama said. "Elections have consequences".
Thank God for President Trump!  He is doing things to help Americans unlike Democrats who’s policies hurt Americans.
Is that the best you got
Good we hated  Crooked Hillary and voted against her not so much for Trump.
I think you have a very low intellectual level based on you lashing out with your hateful name calling.
keep this hate up and not come up with anything to put our healthcare back to before you all went in that backroom n really screwed US knowing it wasn't going to work right from the keep your doctor
Now I know Maxine is ignorant but do you know what high crimes and misdemeanors r ? seems like u don't
Health insurance is no longer affordable opening the market up is a good idea to start since we are stuck in a mess you people created
You are wrong. The President just alleviated the high cost of being forced to purchase Obamacare.He's giving people a lower cost alternative
You are a Putinbot
What is a putinbot?
#Democrats #Obama #nancypelosi #chuckschumer sabotaged #ACA #Obamacare long ago - wasnt actuarially sound #insurance was a #welfare program
So what's Congress gonna do about it? Our president is insane and wants to kill us. Tired of Congressional hand-wringing.
chump’s igors control the congress.
ObamaCare sabotaged America's health care system and @BarackObama lied through his teeth about it:
So you have no problem with families paying over $20,000 a year just for some crappy Obamacare plan.  Thanks.
Your state representative did that not Obama. Talk to them.
Really, I thought it was Obama that signed Obamacare into law, not my state rep.
Sure Dick... Sure he is. He did not make it political.
