By refusing the appearance makes you look guilty.  Are you?
40 plus states have no. They're not hiding. They're refusing this administration's bullshit
they're hiding
Not really. They want to purge voter rolls though. Let's call it what it really is. Kobach is all about this.
Keeps both parties honest
One party clearly makes it harder to vote because when turnout is higher they lose. 

Need to dump gerrymandering too
Yes i know the dems seem to get caught more.  Like with the acorn deal.  But it happens on both sides.
In person voter fraud cases have been mostly Republican
Sinclair and Tribune Media. Now have a segment called “Bottom Line With Boris Epshteyn” watch on youtube. Will Trump call this real news
Thank you Senator Durbin - you deserve all the votes you've gotten from our house!
U know what. My personal information is NONE of that circus sideshow freak of a presidents business. He can take his commission and shove it
Have them up for someone to run againts them when their terms are up. We need a Law against this.
Maybe can't afford to.
Illinois is close to becoming the first state to ever declare bankruptcy.
Way to go Illinois reps!
Way to go @SenatorDurbin I do not want my private information such as last 4 of social and voting record shared with this bogus commission.
Who do we need to call to make sure our information is safe?
Thank you Senator. I don't want my information released! Is Illinois going to keep our information private?
afraid of finally getting caught huh dick
the democrat party is hiding.
According to an ABC article this morning, Illinois has not received a request. Interesting. Maybe they're not bothering.
Need smaller Gov.Need to get Dems out of state gov all they do is pay themselves  and raise taxes. Voter records were hacked why not comply
Release the voter files at least we will understand how many people illegally voted in the state. States should comply!
If there is nothing to hide why not allow the investigation? Seems fishy to me.....I'd go so far to say CORRUPT.
Thank God! Why is IL not on the list yet?!!
Thank you.
Why don't you call on Illinois to stop the Gun Violence in Chicago by allowing concealed Carry
Exactly. A commission created because of one man's fragile ego @realDonaldTrump
Thank you for fighting for Illinoisians to NOT have our personal information released..please tweet if we need to do something!
I don't want that corrupt commission to have any of my personal info!
Let them have it. What if they find Russian voters elected #Trump, don't you want to know?
Whats next? My Mother's maiden name and her hat size?
What do you have to hide?
Let's look for any "Russian" voter fraud and any other Voter Fraud in Illinois 
THIS is where the US Constitution says healthcare is a right. Right up front in the Preamble. #NoAHCA #NoBRCA
Thank you @SenatorDurbin!
Why are you scared of a voter fraud investigation, Senator?
Really and what's is the liberals trying to hide dickey
What are you afraid of
Thank you Senator!
Under no circumstances should any state comply with such a request. Presidential abuse of powers like have never been seen before.
I honestly can't see Jesse White doing this.
Thank you!
Keep fighting for us. With healthcare and with this.
This should have been done years ago. I'm tired of the dead and non citizens voting.
We all know why Swamper Durbin wants to refuse IL voter files because half the list are all dead. Most corrupt state ever !!
Why what are you afraid of?
We need to clean up the voter roles. Do as your president asks.
@IndivisibleIL14 This should be a no brainer, non-discussion, automatic NO! Why is IL not on this list yet? Thanks Sen Durbin
#donotreleasevoterinfo to #whitehouse #commission
What are you afraid of?  He is researching voter fraud and Illinois has precincts that have zero republican votes.  Sounds fishy to me.
Thank you, Senator!! 
Wow. Respect.
Thank You!
Amen, Senator Durbin
Illinois has its own problems being run by democrats they are going broke
Thank-you Senator Durbin!
Thank you Senator!
I don't want my information in the little hands of Trump.
Why do they need them??  NO!
As always, thank you so much for the work you do and giving our voices volume. I never thought we'd have to fight for democracy from inside
Why are we spending money to support .@realDonaldTrump LIES?
They already have our data via the hack. Changed my sons address - worse than you think
YES REFUSE thanks Sen Durbin
Republicans could use it for many other nefarious purposes than voter suppression. Think about it.
Release them?
NGP VAN (Votebuilder) sells that very same info. What are you hiding?
So how many illegal aliens voted for you?
Problem is, Mr Durbin, for Koblach, the sun does shine where you told him to stick it, Trump has stretched it from this ( * ) to ( o ) LOL!
Madigan's daughter will first test the political waters.
Considering Illinois was hacked, what are we waiting for sir?
Why wouldn't you want to know if there was voter fraud going on in our state? Sounds pretty fishy to me...
I have tweeted to the Secretary of State repeatedly, phone calls will start tomorrow. Obvious voter suppression must be met with resistance.
What are you trying to hide or is Voter Fraud the only way Democrats stay in office?
That's why 40+ states have refused including red states. It's about as close to a bipartisan agreement that we can get these days.
The level of Corruption at the state & Federal Level is Literally Exponential. The "Political Class" are simply Criminals....
HELL NO!!!!
What are you afraid they will find???
Why isn't the president concerned about Russian interference in elections?
You are referring to Obama right? He knew it before anyone did, thinking Hillary was going to win.
Are you afraid?
I am. It's big government voter suppression bullshit. Over 40 states have said no. Fuck Trump, Pence and Kobach
Sounds like your afraid
If Libs are opposing it, voter fraud should be monitored closely in Illinois.
So Kentucky, Tennessee, Mississippi, and Kansas are all Lib states too?
Any State that opposes voter fraud investigation should be suspect, however, in this case the opposition is more about Trump.
That doesn't make any sense since Repub states are against it. If Obama had requested the same info people would have the right to fight it.
What are you hiding?

Why not?
He's not hiding his tax returns. Durbin isn't a dead beat loser that borrows money from Russians. Orange Grifter is, though
Huh? Try to focus. The issue here is voter fraud. Not tax returns.

BTW:
There is no, hence no issue. Waddle away, troll.
Your reply is missing the grammatical subject, therefore the predicate is illogical.
Can you try again?
Its because you are hiding something
Thank you Senator Durbin!
What are you afraid of Dick?
Thank you Senator
I don't want to hear a WORD from Illinois leadership considering we can't get our OWN STATE Budget passed.
Seeing as Durbin has no say in state legislature, he clearly has time to worry about other issues that relate to the state.
We can't get our act together with a budget.  They better not comply with this ridiculous request.
Thank you Senator Durbin!
Illinois better not release my information. That's a personal violation of my privacy!!!
If Rauner releases this information it should be clear to Illinois voters that he is hoping to fix the 2018 election. #resist
Absolutely not you give them the information or it looks like you're hiding something which is illegals voting!!!  Voter ID....
Awww so now the popular vote blather can be taken off the table.  The investigation will continue...regardless of what a state wants.
Well, well, well. Dick Durbin saw an opportunity to make himself "relevant" again.
Thank you senator. Thank you!
What is there to hide? Why obstruct? This is the most corrupt state in the union. Bankrupt literally and morally.
Amen, brother!
Woo hoo sen.durbin!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin 
Thank you @SenatorDurbin.

Fight for the #people.

Fight with #TheResistance!

We need your help!
They better. I do not see any reason for them to request such info in the 1st place except for suppression activities.
Thank you!
That's your personal opinion, are you afraid he was right?Voter fraud needs to be stopped for the future please do not refuse request.
Their are no good reasons to oppose voter fraud investigation.
They're asking for voter history as well-they're up to no good. Why do they need to know that info to know whether someone voted legally?
Thank you, Senator!
Someone needs a civics class. Durbin is an Illinois senator, he doesn't run any part of the state of IL.
Durbin is concerned he will lose the cemetery vote that corrupt illinois elections are known for
Why?  Are you trying to hide something?
Popular response. It's big government. If a Dem did this you'd shit 40 rounds of freedom bullets. Find another way to suppress votes.
No one his hiding shit. It's shady Republican crap to suppress votes. Investigate this? Investigate Russia too.
Thank you Senator
Thank you sir!
What do you have against vote integrity and transparency?  That's right, crooks hate to be exposed.
What are you afraid of? Afraid it will be revealed the mass # of illegals/dead/multi-voters on Dem rolls?
100% It's an attempt at voter suppression on an unprecedented scale and based on lies about voter fraud.
What's everybody afraid of? Do you know something that we need to know about? Maybe offer Illinois a couple of $$ , we could use the cash.
Illinois just joined Mississippi, Kansas, and a lot of other Republican governments. Thought you guys cared about states rights?
Who said Illinois is a Republican government? Dems control both house and senate. And enough Rinos to give Madigan veto overrides.
Right..thats my point. Kansas & Mississippi are Republican governments who are also resisting this in addition to the Dems of Illinois. Why?
Don't know why. I'm sure the Feds have access to drivers licenses, foid cards, request for guns based on the 4473 form. Why not voter lists?
Whether you believe Russia pushed the election or that their were illegal votes cast for Clinton's 'majority'-Decentralization makes it hard
As a citizen of Illinois I could not agree more! We have already been compromised by the GOP leak.
You may trade him my files in exchange for his tax returns.
Thank You for your leadership on this incredible-to-believe matter, Senator!
Thank you Senator Durbin. Great to know someone has our backs. I have posted to SOS J White about this, twice.
Why I have seen voter fraud first hand in Crooked County. Same person voted 8 times
Bullshit
Thank you!
So they still haven't submitted the request to the correct location? Illinois implements election system secretary through obscurity.
Well done Senator: Ask t for his taxes
Do. Not. Release.  We have your back.
You support fraud then...
called the IL Board of Elections this morning.
Thank you!
As a voter I want them to have my information I want them to know who has been illegally boating in Illinois
Please protect my info.  Tell me how to help this effort.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin !!!!
Thank you for your clear, logical, and compelling call for sanity, Senator.  I appreciate what you do.
Thank you! I emailed Rauner about this but who knows what he will do.
Thank you Senator Durbin!!!!!
Just received email from Bd of Elec saying  they haven't rcvd request  but plan to review it with state atty gen Lisa Madigan. So, no.
Got something to hide?
Do YOU, comrade? #MRGA
Thank you, Senator. This is outrageous.
Thank you! I don't want my data anywhere near these incompetent fools.
Thank you! I hope the rest go along with this.
And you plan to use what leverage?! Illinois is a dead, corrupt, BK state.I call on IL voters to oust every one of you charlatans. Fed&State
yes senator i agree with you 
who the fuck is trump he cant stand losing the popular vote
https://twitter.com/RodneyRhodan/status/881966349156626432 …
why is it taking so long to say "no" like 40 other states have done?
What read the fine print. You and your party brought the great state of Illinois to its knees. Release the voter fraud Illinois!
Thank you! Keep up the good work and you'll have my continued support.
Only need to check Cook County. That's where all the corrupt Dems are located.
Thank you!!! I've been worried about this. Have made phone calls but haven't heard anything
Dems have said there was absolutely no voter fraud in a country of 330m. Hard to believe. Studies estimate 3 to 5m. What are Dems hiding?
Do u even know where Illinois is?
Thank you Senator Durban.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for standing up to this nonsense.
Thank You!  I don't want that ass clown to have my data.
Thank you!
How many people have been murdered in Chicago?  Wh
Why. Deal with real issues tricky Dick
Great! Now how about calling for the legislature to stop screwing around and VOTE FOR THE BUDGET before we turn into a JUNK BOND STATE!
Gloria, please learn up on how government works. Durbin works in DC, not Springfield. IL budget has zero to do with him. Thanks
I know exactly where he works but hoped he might have some kind of influence to help get this mess OVER. Sorry if I offended you!
He doesn't. Talk to your state rep and state senator not your US Senator. Pretty simple civics
No fucking way do they get that info
It shouldn't have taken illinois this long to decide to be a hell no!
Are you hiding something? I live in Illinois and know the elections are crooked.
Hrm, you sound like you really know your stuff. Senator Durbin, you might wanna wait and listen to what this Schultz sleuth has to say.
Not really, just been around a long time. There has to be a reason a lot of Illinois leaders end up in jail
Why not dickie. Do you have something to hide?
You have been hogging your Congressional seat for DECADES-The damage that u have done to Illinois & USA is MASSIVE: http://USDebtClock.org 
Something to hide in the rolls?
Yeah, private voter information from the dirty hands of Kobach & Trump.
You refused to release correspondence with GOP baseball shooter-Now you are refusing request for Illinois Voter Files checking for fraud?
Yes, they aren't checking for fraud.
of conspiracy is to circumnavigate constitutional precedence from the beginning. SHAME, and UNAMERICAN
In addition, IL has no money. We are broke. We should not have to pay employees to work on @POTUS ridiculous claim of 3million illegal votes
Just keep electing democrats and doing the same thing. How's that working for Illinois?
Considering IL had a balanced budget when it had a Democrat as Governor, and not now with a Republican in charge says a lot.
This release is highly unprofessional and illustrates the same political practices it wishes to abstain from. To procuse the white house--
Thank you Senator Durbin 
The GOP does enough damage to voters already with voter suppression And Gerrymandering
Thank you for this position & stating it publicly. This ruse of Trump's to figure out hiw to suppress voters cannot stand.
Thank you, Sir!
#VoterSuppression
Thank you
Anything connected to the Trump administration that has the word "integrity" in it is HIGHLY suspect since they don't know meaning of word!
It would be a disaster.
Yes!! thank you!! #whatasenatorlookslike
I know Secretary Jesse White will not comply with this nonsense. Protect the voters!
From whom? The Russians? The Obama NSA?
The vengeful immature man-child in the WH for one. Also, keeping the data decentralized in the States makes hacking the info harder.
Resist, obstruct, and deflect, no way to go thru life. Again I ask what information will be obtained that Was doesnt already have access to?
Did you not understand the concept of decentralization?? Gather all the info in one place and it is hacker heaven. Do not trust Trump.
Right, cause IL was so good at keeping the Russians from hacking the system. I think you ment leaker haven.
They tried but did not succeed in hacking IL. No, I meant hacker heaven. (Note spelling of meant, btw)
Thank you, Senator!
About time!
Happy to have you on our side.
What's up with Jesse a White?  This is outrageous. Unthinkable.
I'm guessing your referring to his " not my department " tweets ?
Absolute Power @CitizenChump autocracy
All citizens' votes should count equally, fraud takes away your vote or my vote, don't you want 2 ensure the integrity of the voting process
Thank you, Senator! We need to protect our privacy,this is an unnecessary request, so absolutely no ideas on who/how this info would be used
Vote builder sells voter info. NGP VAN homework time.
Thank you!!!! Please urge Rauner to do right by ILs privacy.
Thank you Senator. Despotism from a man who thinks he is King.
Thank you Senator Durbin! 
Thank you for representing "us" the citizens of Illinois @SenatorDurbin !! we need some petitions??
They will be released.
Trump going to ask wiki leaks for it this time or just ask Putin himself?
This is why we need Voter Id.
They better!!! I do NOT want my info in Trump's tiny little petty hands!!!

SO angry I have to pay for this nonsense!!!

@SenatorDurbin
What are you afraid of them finding?
It's a fraudulent, no evidence commission driven by egotistical delusions of an incompetent madman.

@CitizenChump @SenatorDurbin
If that is the case, the commission should find nothing and there should be nothing to worry about.
Thank you!
We will sue to protect our privacy. This is a huge over-reach by the Trump administration.
Start by suing @BarackObama for spying on American citizens
Way to conflate unrelated issues, bro.
Unrelated perhaps, affect is the same. Voter Id would end this nonsense, Bro.
Effect. *sigh*
I'll tell Siri *sigh*
Thank you!!!
