No, he didn't.  Obama used XO to skirt the law; Trump pushed it over to YOU and the rest of Congress to FIX what Obama messed up.
Did Obama overreach the same way Trump did when he signed the unconstitutional Muslim ban.  NO COURT HAS RULED THAT DACA IS ILLEGAL.
It isn't a #MuslimBan, and it is specifically within the POTUS' reach, as it was when Obama issued his ban.
DACA is classic XO overreach.
This move by Trump will force Congress to #DoTheRightThing.  These kids will be better off b/c Congress will make law 2 protect them.
Or the hardline Freedom Caucus will decide to oppose everything, and we'll waste billions deporting kids instead of housing vets.
Even if they did oppose everything, there's no reason to think it would lead to mass deportation of DACA peeps.
Why not?
Rescinding DACA doesn't mean auto-deportation.  Also, all will have DACA 4 another 6 months, & some will have it for 2 more years.
You said the dreamers are "Teacher & Engineers". Well, weren't they smart enough to become legal citizens?Why cry now?
They had no way to get citizenship.
?? I don't understand. All they had to do was apply & find out necessary procedure.
No. They were brought here by their parents and grew up here. They can't apply for citizenship.
https://citizenpath.com/paths-to-legal-status-undocumented/ …
Hmmmm not sure what you mean but even CNN says it is.
The DreamAct would give a path to citizenship. DACA provides only a work permit and 2 year deferment on deportation.
Yes, I agree. That is what I was trying to say "teachers/engineers"
You said the dreamers are "Teacher & Engineers". Well, weren't they smart enough to become legal citizens?Why cry now?
WHERE IS MY FREE HOUSE COLLEGE FOOD? I WORKED MOST MY LIFE & NOW UNABLE BUT RECEIVE NO HELP & UNABLE TO PAY COLLEGE LOANS BACK! HELP!
DACA recipients get a work permit and are freed from worrying about deportation. Anything else they get is through their own hardwork.
Stop asking for handouts and step up.
AMERICANS STAND UP DEMAND TO BE REFUNDED FROM THOSE WHO STOLE  BILLIONS $ FROM US CITIZENS TO GIVE TO ILLEGALS!
Billions weren't given. You have no idea what you're talking about.
Trump and the GOP are criminal, racist, corrupt, traitor they are biggest shame for America  
Stopped this criminal GOP. Impeachment Trump
Impeach them all.
This administration is a disgrace. Thank you for fighting the good fight against it @SenatorDurbin!
Really. Why didn't  they get a citizenship like everbody else. Maybe it was all the freebies  they got.
Are you a bot? Your account looks super sketchy. . .
What are you talking about. Who the hell are you
@SenatorDurbin should stop blaming @POTUS for a failure by Congress. Do your job Senator!
@realDonaldTrump you have lied to the American people. This is cruel and heinous. Give the dreamers a path to citizenship!
Why didn't they apply for citizenship
BS!  Trump
Is rescinding An Executive Order!  Do you Effing job and make it a law!
No Potus put the responsibility back on Congress to change the laws. OMG you will have to work!
How is this shocking?  We keep expecting .@realDonaldTrump to be someone he's not.  He is without character. #DACA
Sorry you can't handle a President that follows the law. You want to live in a country where laws aren't followed ,find a 3rd world country.

How about 130gitmo terrorists, 1990 convicted high level drug dealers, a traitor who released classified info? Arpaio wasn't a criminal
With all due respect they ar ILLEGAL PERIOD. SEND THEM BACK.
Good.
young people who are not citizens.
Why hasn't DACA already been addressed long before President Trump?? Laws MUST be followed or chaos will reign!
Someone explain why they didnt apply for citizenship.  Was it because they got all the freebies that citizens paid for.
Could you as an enforcement officer actually do that to people?  I'd like to think not, but the Nazis killed millions, why? Hitler said so
Do your job as a member of congress. The president did his job to rid us of an illegal act.
I really think it should have went through the normal process instead of executive order, it's easy Mr Durbin y'all need to do your job
What are you doing to help the people in Chicago? I think u should help the IL Citizens First if you continue to count on them to vote 4 u.
And sessions happy about.  Your senate buddy is kkk
deport them but then make it easier to apply for citizenship from immigration office in their native countries
Unless you get off your ass and pass a bill the president can sign. You've had plenty of time, 6 more months, better get busy.
Guessing by "take care of them" #45 meant in the same way organized crime would take care of a troublesome witness. Hope Congress fixes it.
@LindseyGrahamSC Thank you both for putting country over party and being logical representatives. We need more bipartisan cooperation!
If you knew anything about law you. Would know DACA is unconstitutional. Only congress can make law. That's what dickie is scared of
I am aware of the law. I was just commenting on a little bipartisanship
Why has Congress waited until now to put it on the front burner.
Because McConnell straight up vowed to prevent Obama from having anything to his name?
Wow Mitch!  Didn't realize you controlled All of the house and all of the Senate. Dems and Republicans.  Wow impressive!
Sen. Durbin. I am one of your constituents. How can I help get the Dream Act passed? Phone banks, door to door, etc. . .
Just sit down and shut up
Standing up and speaking out against Trump's illegal, immoral and/or illegal actions is what got the Muslim ban struck down. This is no diff
Answer me this. Where are illegals getting their social security numbers to work
The president doesn't make law.  Congress has turned down the dreamers for 17 plus years now...
The executive order Obama wrote is illegal and you know it. Be a legislator & pass a law to fix it.
To be fair, @POTUS did kinda "take care of" Dreamers. Got them kicked out of town=Taken care of. He's a man of his word!
Senator Durbin, he is forcing you to do YOUR JOB!! GET ER DONE!
Sorry Senator, don't you know Trump is a liar ?
If you would take a minute to read the law you would see it only ends preferential treatment to children of Illegal immigrants...read...
No, Obama broke the law, good riddance, those jobs belong to Americans
The democrats are the party that wants open borders. The dems are want to give the illegals welfare benefits.
Time for you and the rest of congress to get offfyour dead asses and do something! That's why he gave you a six month window.
Please take this up in congress. ASAP. I know you will represent the will of the people well and I thank you but please be quick!
What have you done to help durbin?
He wants to erase obama..he is jealous..obama is a real man..he is a schmuck
Let's get a pro-DACA law on the books before Christmas.
Democrats are the ones that lied! Sending. Them home & coming back legal insures real citizenship.srop exploiting for your Democratic vote.
They should not be here illegally!
Notice that he says could, because he doesn't know what will happen and is fear mongering.
What will you do in the Senate to pass legislation protecting Dreamers?
DACA is unconstitutional so POTUS is giving you the chance to do your job.  Fix the law or end it.  BO said it was a stop gap
It's all political to keep his base happy. He's such a liar
@BarackObama broke the law by granting them amnesty with No Authority to do so!
Get to work and make them legal. Don't blame Trump for following the law. You don't like it, you change it. He can't. You can.
Please help!!!!!!
Right, Because congres did its job so well.. the Executive branch does not have the Constitutional Authority to extend DACA... its YOUR JOB!
He's a fool. Thank you for your continued level headed leadership. We need more like you!
Obama broke his oath to follow the Constitution
He didn't break his promise. He's given it back to u aholes who sat on it for the last 16 years. All DACA is Dems lookin for illegal votes
To where?  With whom?
@POTUS undid an unconstitutional act and wants you to do you job.  What's the problem?  Where was your bill when Dems held everything??
try cleaning up chicago before you go after our president, dope.
...and in the process they will spend some time in our new private prisons
Thank you for standing up Senator Durbin Time for us all to stand up. Illinois is behind you
No we're not.
Funny hearing this from a guy who hasn't kept a promise to Illinois. Illinois the state you're from
Stop bellyaching because @POTUS ended #DACA  overreach and #DoYourJob senator!
Durbin could go with them. Irrelevant at this time. Brandon was a victim of DACA
Mr. Trump did take care of dreamers. With his own self-serving actions, inability to empathize, & lack of  knowledge. #DACA #Resistance
The main reason I don't vote for you. Baseless  histrionics and you never accomplish anything for our state
Did you want him to declare they are citizens ? Just Violate the constitution like the man before him who knew it's illegal
@realDonaldTrump is a compulsive liar who doesn't understand the concept of a promise. He is corrupt & must be removed. #TheResistance
You sound surprised. Everybody else knew he is a liar to the max. Time you guys in the senate and house wake up!!!
You should have worried about it years ago and made it law.
More lies
you should have done your job in congress then.  now you have 6 months to do so.  get cracking on it.  chop chop.
When are you democrats going to "man up" and put the blame where it belongs. Filibuster proof congress, Obama in WH for 2yrs. Nothing!
Good!!
Stop passing the buck as easy as that is for you! Obama did this and he has also given us a nuclear NOKO . Take some bloody responsibility.
Lets help them pack!
I have dreams 2, dreams u guys n congress could legislate. But posturing's easier 2 do since that is all either side does.

#TermLimits
Trump is "taking care" of Dreamers as Hitler took care of the Jews pre-Final Solution: mass deportation is #EthnicCleansing.
This man doesn't know what he is creating bad timing
My son was 14 mnths  when came USA  2007 h4 visa, he is still leaving legally, not eligible for DACA because he cam legally @SIIA_US #HR392
What happens when Congress gets a bill passed and the one will not sign it into law, they have to pass it as majority so he has no out
FYI, I am not racist. I have 3 Mexican siblings, born here of American citizens.
This is just another of the messes Obama left for Trump to deal with. Obama example of what not to be
This is your chance for immigration reform not executive orders. Get to work
Bull shit, only if they're CRIMINALS and BREAKING LAWS! They're NOT deporting youth that's not breaking laws. Stop spreading #FakeNews
It should not surprise you @POTUS lies about EVERYTHING
He didn't specify that "taking care of them" meant deporting them to a foreign country and leaving them stranded with no where to go.
like obama said on facebook he is cruel idiot
This Dick Head cares more about illegal aliens then he does about American Children barely holding their heads above water. He sucks.
He is gonna take care of all you daca's the US is gonna give you a free ticket back
Why didn't you go after Obama when?
He breaks many promises DAILY.  Don't believe a single word he says!
In all fairness it's up to congress. Let's see if you all truly care about your people.
If you like your Doctor you can keep your Doctor. If you like your plan you can keep your plan. Not a smidgen of truth here.
Why all the fear mongering? You & your ilk have had plenty of time to get shit done. Get off your asses and get to work. #congresssucks
Fix this now!
Look you know it! I know it!the man Behind the tree knows it!no dreamers are getting deported work with the repubs and get it done don't cry
Not if you do your job
Sir.Illinois is Dead Broke like its been 4 years.Chicago is drain &swamp of its own.Illegals R' NT PART OF AMERICA. Invite them 2 ur home!
Well its time to think of #AmericaFirst  Let Americans LIVE THE DREAM rather than giving it all to those here ILLEGALLY!!!
A man. An EXTRAORDINARY man. A man you wouldn't be FIT to shine his SHOES said: 'no HUMAN is ILLEGAL. Undocumented? Yes. Illegal? NO.'
.@POTUS wants Americans angry and divided. He's using racism to incite us. Same with pardoning Arpaio That's what this is, Senator. SAY IT!
DO YOUR JOB. ENACT DREAM ACT TODAY!!
lets be real, we all knew from the start he wasnt being honest.
HE LIES ALL THE TIME. YOU CAN'T BELIEVE ANYTHING HE SAY
Lol, good riddance
Senator Durbin should tell his intern to stop saying BS. On Twitter. Lol
This is the job of Congress, not of a President! I agree giving this task to Congress. Work together from both sides of the aisle!
Obama waited YEARS. They did nothing. After all, they wanted him to FAIL. He had no choice.
Dear Dick Durbin , question - so you thought " take care " meant [ ensure Democratic voter roles would increase ] ?
No he is keeping his promise you could of passed legislation during obama's reign but you  didn't
Perhaps now, thanks to POTUS, my grandchildren might have a chance!!
NO he did NOT! HE DID What he PROMISED and he ENDED something OBAMA had NO RIGHT TO DO and did ONLY FOR HISPANIC VOTES! broke our LAWS!
He has been promising to end DACA for two years. Where have you been?
Also, I doubt that the majority of DACA r BEST or BRIGHTEST at all. I think ur FOS. Also, ( #We'reAllDreamers )  especially  AMERICAN KIDS
The American citizens need sympathy...they have no healthcare...but you do right?
Take care of Americans first!  Nope, ending DACA means you and the rest of Congress FINALLY have to work - repeal/replace then immigration.
They are now grown, with families, one with his own business. But shame on you durbin. Preferring illegals over my sons.
Do it.  Right now.  Clean bill granting DACA permanent resident status.  Stop the TERROR. Today. Then comprehensive immigration reform.  NOW
Well if the Democrats and King Obama were serious about DACA they would have passed a law, not a royal decree.
Can't wait!
Please use @realDonaldTrump instead of Potus.He's not deserving of respect.The only thing he's protected is the white, 
rich,straight male.
TIME 4CONGRESS 2DO JOB  u hve used immigration 4election votes 4decades TIME 2REFORM GIVE dreamers pathway FUNDwall prevent ithappeningagain
Thanks for your honesty you don't know how much it matters Sir.
@POTUS is a liar, always has been.  No surprise here #dreamers
YOU Are SO worried ABOUT FOREIGNERS AND THEIR kids! WHEN DO YOU DEMOCRATS EVER START WORRYING ABOUT AMERICAN KIDS AND PEOPLE? WHEN!????
POTUS didn't break a promise! This mess was created by OBAMA,  and you worthless, overpaid, Congressman.  Get rid of DACA now & forever!
Why don't you eorry about healthcare which most of us will lose because we cannot afford. Shame on you, no more political correctness.
My sons would have liked to gone to college too. But the money was not there. I worked, raised them with integrity.
WONT EVEN ENTERTAIN GIVING US THE WALL IN RETURN? its a NONSTARTER? WHY WHY WHY >??? HOW IS THIS EVEN FAIR how is that WORKING TOGETHER?
it doesnt mean that all. stop with your scare tactics. he did them a favor today. No courts about to overturn it old have given grace period
WE DESPERATELY NEED! THEY LITERALLY RUN THRU OUR YARDS!!!!! and MANY ARE THE BAD GUYS! DO YOU GET THAT? THEY CUT OFF PEOPLES HEADS! and YOU
All he does is lie. Surprise...
No it doesn't dickie. Congress has to decide what to do and you know it that's why you are so scared
That is a lie unless of course you're not gonna do your job and make concessions for them make a law or rule of law for them
Senator We need Rush a Bipartisan bill Now ROS
WANTING DESPERATELY TO HAVE THESE KIDS AND WHO KNOWS how many MORE OF THEM to stay on OUR DIME! and THEN YOU DENY US SO CASUALLY SOMETHING
Dick said the dreamers are some of the brightest and intelligent kids Amer. has. What about our Amer.kids? America first
Congress members will be replaced...finally a President that wants to get things right.
Watching my sons go without while welfare families around us lived, ate, dressed better. I chose to raise my sons with dignity.
WE IN THE BORDER STATES sir for the last EIGHT YEARS have been LITERALLY INVADED! and our hometowns unrecognizable and you STAND THERE
Trump has finally reestablished the rule of law.
YOU JUST SAID THE WRONG THING BUDDY! the border wall is a non starter? THE BORDER WALL IS THE LEAST YOU COULD GIVE US FOR THIS MESS U MADE!
@SenatorDurbin there are many best and brightest in US not just so call dreamers you make me so mad
My grands are coming up on college age you going to pay for them to go to college
Or are you worried more about Daca kids? I am paying taxes so you can do your job for US citizens, not the whole world.
AS AN AMERICAN I HAVE DREAMS TOO! YO HAVE NO RIGHT TO STEAL FROM AMERICANS TO GIVE TO ILLEGALS IF YOU WONT HELP AMERICAS POOR/MID CLASS!
Ignorance at its finest. Educate before you tweet. Oh,Lord!
Think he did what he meant when he said "take care of."
'could' 'might' 'suggests' 'many experts believe' always with the melodramatic weasel words, you know mass deportation will not happen
You suck.  They aren't the best and brightest
The Senate is slow because they have to worry about their campaign contributors- the BIG ones in the swamp.
Oh well...
March 6th is the deadline I don't have confidence in this congress they wouldn't fix ACA do you really believe @GOP #trump won't stonewall
It's the people's congress they need to show how important it is to them. That's the way a republic works
I am a citizen, I was on welfare, didn't want to stay on it. I went to trade school, and worked, raising 2 sons as single mom....
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for wanting to take care of this NOW!  Let's protect our dreamers.
It's a sad day in America balls to
The balls on their court
His wife is an immigrant does he forget that ?

For real  Who did Porn ? Right
I think you misunderstood what he meant by "take care" of Dreamers. He thinks "Don" is a title, not a name.
Just morally and ethically wrong! I hope the very same harms befall the president and his crime family! May they know FIRST HAND the pain!
You are so concerned with Daca, but are you concerned with the 50,000 drug overdoses a year? How many families have lost loved ones forever?
So do you reward their illegal parents, too??? Patriots paid with their blood! Let them all serve in the military, to begin to pay back!!!
Looks like DACA parents broke the law didn't it DICK
So, to save the program, Congress will need a veto-proof majority, correct?
Yup, something the couldn't get under obama.
They didn't need a veto proof majority under Obama. The Rs refused to consider immigration reform.
Only you and a bipartisan group can write a good bill and stop this travesty. Please get to work.
The Americans need strong leadership with action, not words.
We don't need kind words, but action that brings quality life.
YOU'RE A ANTI-AMERICAN! HOW MANY POOR HOMELESS AMERICANS ARE THER? HOW MANY CHILDREN BORN INTO ABUSIVE HOMES BUT ABANDONED BY GOVERNMENT?
I wasn't aware president Trump had promised them he'd take care of them. 
He is!  He just wants a law vs Executive Order!
No surprise @POTUS broke his promise. He probably doesn't even know what his position is on most issues.
Approx 950 Mil of African Americans and 850 Mil Hispanic Americans of DACA age that are unemployed.  The opportunities belongs to Americans
That's pretty good considering there are only 326.5 million Americans. Better check your common core math skills.
Send the Dreamers back homeFREELOADERSTake care of the USA people and Veterans Firstlook at the money the USAwill save send FREELOADERShome
you mean average age 26 who didnt apply for legal immigration?
Another Republican saying blah, blah, blah and then goes out and Votes with Trump.

Durbin will just keep voting for Trumps & GOP's values.
Dick, start doing your job or vacate it to someone who wants to protect it's citizens, American kids who have no jobs or future.
Watch it fall and fall
He has broken a lot of promises & will continue to so. #resist #LiarInChief
Hi Mr SENATOR . Hi for all in ILLINOIS
Dick: Do you understand how laws are created? Congress passes laws, not @POTUS! #Civics101! #TreasonousBarry broke (many) laws. #MAGA!
@POTUS did what his supporters demanded. Were you a supporter of President Trump? . . .  see if #HillaryClinton can help you #BuildTheWall
It's YOUR job not POTUS to deal with immigration - stop your bullsh*t blame-game   http://www.ncsl.org/research/about-state-legislatures/separation-of-powers.aspx …
...and their families.  Do something senator. I won't see this country turned into Nazi Germany in my life.
