BREAKING: Moscow court jails Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny for 30 days for staging unsanctioned protest.
The Clinton's knew how to take care of people that went against them...they died.
When he wants to do it at home?  Unlikely.
Will our senator from ILL condemn those that use violence to keep Ann Colter from speaking ?
As soon as you and the dems say something here first.  You disgust the office you hold.
They're too busy stifling free speech here in the US...
#ProtectOurCare @ILAction14th
What are you doing, Sen Durbin, with your time in Washington, to help Americans ?
Affordable Health Care, Cutting Taxes, Creating Jobs ???
When Hell freezes over and God personally tells Trump he's a fatuous gasbag in person&I on national tv?
I would not bet on it
Heck, Sen Durbin, they actively engage in stifling of free speech in THIS country. @SenShelby
Will you @senatordurbin condemn the corruption and incompetence of IL's representation leading to our BK/Junk Bond status? Waiting.....
Did #Obama administration condem #Russia in any way no they let Russia interfer in #election done nothing till HillaryClinton lost
Trump doesn't run Russia. Let's bring R/D concentration back to basic domestic issues is US. I really tired of hearing all this Russian crap
Aren't Russians free to run their nation and government as they see fit? I certainly wouldn't hold up the US DC crowd as an exemplary model.
@AdamPlatt1999 Short answer, umm, no.
No because they are Putin wannabes.
No, of course not. They instead attempted to stifle the press in WH halls.
Yes right after Obama utters Radical Islamic Terrorism.
No, no they won't. It's just as they want. Never seen the likes. Don't know how u can stand working w/such ppl, but thank you for ur service
Obama (and YOU) allowed Russia to take over Crimea and attack our allies in Syria
Why condemn something that he himself is practicing here at home in the U.S.
Why don't you focus on American people for once and get your head out of your ass about Russia.  Mexico is tampering with our elections, dik
OSamacare has doctors leaving in droves, take a drive around your local medical complexes--mostly empty now OPEN YOUR EYES FOOLS
I thought you for ending foriegn entanglements?
More people are dying from violence in YOUR state then in Russia. Stop whining and work to make Illinois better then you found it.
They are doing it in the Senate and House already with their death panel meetings aka #trumpcare.  No conscience and no ethics...
Will Senator Durbin do his job today or sit back with no plan on how to fix ACA he helped create? Help lower taxes that he voted to raise?
trump loves Putin, why on Earth would he condemn anything he does? (sarcasm folks) #PullAPalin #Trumpgate
IMO Mr. Senator Russia difficult to negotiate w/ unilaterally. Moscow very concerned about internal destabilization, NGOs already sanctioned
The assertive posture of Russia in Crimea was, in fact, an effort at defending Russia against destabilization from "Kiev Agenda" in Ukraine
Inquiring minds want to know.
Um... Hang on.... Thinking.... No. No way. Nope.
No, no he won't
Only if @PutinRF_Eng lets him. #RussiaGate
Don't hold your breath
I hope Putin doesn't give him any ideas. We love our marchers!
Did obama?
Condemn it? He'd rather emulate it.
Not holding my breath.
Why is that even a question ?
Trump administration will probably ask if Russia can charge them with Felony Riot
He does claim the 1st Amendment and the Constitution gets in his way. You guys gotta keep fighting in the Senate
Yea when you do. Oh that's right you never have
Will democrats call terrorism 'terrorism'?
Sure - right after you condemn the stifling of free speech on the UC Berkley campus!  you #treasonous #sackofcrap #cluelessleftwingasshat!
Great question!!  Thank you!!
Maybe someone in press office, but not Trump. He'll probably call Putin and tell him personally what a tremendous job he's doing.
NOPE!
Oh, now the liberals give a shit about #freespeech?- sorry after #berkleyriots from the #fascistantifacist, it's no sale. #hypocrites
Trump is stifling free speech right here. He certainly isn't going to condemn anything his bff Putin is doing.
Trump wishes he could do the same here.
After telling them, in the oval office, that got rid of FBI director to stop investigations?
#TrumpAdministration doesn't believe the freedoms that our Soldiers fought & died for *trying to outlaw protests *Blocking press #CorruptGOP
LOL, are you new here?
No way. #45 is envious of Putin but even he knows he couldn't get away with openly praising him. Maybe praise by back channels?
"You think we're so innocent?"
-trump on Putin's brutality.
lol
Glad to have you speak up about free speech. Proud you are my senator. 
Did you do the same last year after stifling of free speech at DePaul University in Chicago?
And piss Vlad off?
I mean you'd think Vlad would already be pissed since we launched over fifty missiles at a Russian Co-Owned Airbase.... oh wait-
Dick is Putin doing to Free Speech like what's happening on University Campuses? Will you condem that also?
Condemn the events at DePaul U in his own state? Nahhhhh that's just stuff to put under the rug in his office.
No, they are too busy right now condemning groups like antifa that have stifled free speech and that you haven't condemned.
Um, no, no it won't. 60053
Of course not.
Aren't we still waiting for him to condemn when it happens here at home?
Nah, he condemned the Berkeley Riots
Is that really a question?
Maybe we should worry about ugly riots at Berkeley here in USA? Stop pointing half of the world away. Look into your backyard.
Or worry about stuff like what happened in Chicago and DePaul last year... oh wait he never did. Shame...
He hasn't even worried about Russia hacking our election, or continuing to infiltrate our country in harmful ways.
Like #Democrats condemn #Sharia law killings of #LGBT???
Short answer: no



