Dems have no say.. They aren't in control
Probably because nothing they do or say will matter.
This is what Sociopaths do, and @realDonaldTrump is a Sociopath of epic proportions.
Trump, too, has a "Final Solution":
Except that those subsidies are ILLEGAL, not that I expect a little thing like illegal to be a factor in how the Democrats govern.

Do you just lay out of habit or you just lie and think it's the truth if you lie to yourself so much you think it's the truth
What did your Chrystal 8 ball say about premiums in 2010? Or if ACA stays in 2018?  They are increasing. More people = more costs.
Not quite true.  More Anericans will save money and many won't be fined because they couldn't afford healthcare under the ACA.
And he doesn't care! Maybe he would care if he knew how many of his racist base is in the ACA
Fix Chicago before you speak again or resign.
Money in Trump Pocket .Koch Brothers want to do away with it
Why are YOU LYING TO THE PUBLIC!  You know this is a LIE????
This is abt undoing President Obama's legacy no matter how many are hurt in the process. No amount of revenge is enough for this nut job.
I hope he keeps it up and has obamas name eraced from the records
Trump had been lying for yrs about President Obama's citizenship, If you mean you'd hurt mils of people just to get back, you're pathetic.
Senator Durbin do you participate in Obamacare or are you part of the business that the Senate declared themselves &  you're exempt?
Now that GOP owns, "New Improved TrumpCare", how will they fix it? Where will it go from here? #ACAnowTrumpcare
What about self employed people already paying 20,000.00 a year for family of 4 no subs for them
It's a petulant manchild still seething from a little ribbing from #Obama. Trump is top bitch in America. Nothing more.
Then impeach that piece of sh!t
gangster mentality
Yup and you still own it
It's about breaking ACA. One piece at a time.
Congress needs to do something abt this crazy man who unfortunately is our President.
And what about the Minimum Essential Coverage requirement? If premiums increase how does this pan out for people?
Need to have law you can buy across state lines we have only crooks in illinois will not pass law to buy across lines you are from ill dick
Then why don't you start working on getting us Medicare for everybody? Or let us buy into Congress's gold star health care.
What happened to #DoNoHarm
His base including trump does not understand simple math. When ins will not cover much on procedures is he going to pay difference?
It’s your job to fix it @senatordurbin. Do your job and get it done.
You did nothing to help so your more of problem and useless
Why are my comments deleted?  You are censuring my right to an opinion?
If we want to be fair let’s take the cap off Social Security also.
And fining people because they cannot afford Obooboo care helps people?? Boy! You're even dumber than I thought!
What in ignorant statement, you must think very little of the free market.
Anyone who aided & abetted passing the worst healthcare act in history has already demonstrated they do not know "jack..." about the legislation a they voted for & has absolutely NO, ZERO, ZILCH credibility on the subject.
Right.....how much did they rise with #ACA  implementation?
Again, abdication of oath of office. Time 2 #ImpeachTrump #25thAmemdment @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @potus @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats
Yes it is.  And I am an Illinoian that is going to be hurt.  Can't we DO something about him?
we need the Congress to stand up! Please!!!!
Modern day genocide.
So instead of being the town cryer how about doing something to stop him?? His EO should be challenged by courts they did this to Obama
B from Trick as death if black kids sore in Chgo.  Good work Turbin

“I, myself, feel no doubt that it is a violation of his constitutional duty for a president to use his discretionary power (which sometimes
Natl populatn =320M. ACA-coverd somewhere btwn 22-32M, dependg on which media stretch is believd. Conflating ACA w "healthcare" is criminal.
The prems/deductibles/co-pays haven't been increasg since '14? The insurrs haven't been fleeg since '14? No implosn on the wall since '14?
Does @POTUS think we will fall for the okie doke on these ??
Pass Medicare For All, but I'm repeating myself, again. Must be getting old
Party before country is the new Republican way. Hold the line Sen. Durbin.
Not true dicky.  You know this.  He is only cutting off insurance companies that you were getting rich.  He has a 2 part plan.
so when are u & rest of Congress going to invoke #25thAmmendment? hasn't the Maniac in Chief done enough yet?! @SenDuckworth too!
Gov't can't maintain our growing welfare state forever. More freedom, please. I don't want our nation to declare bankruptcy, nor do I want an overreaching gov't. Too late on the second one.
Lies lies and more lies. You goofs didn't read what was in Obamacare and passed it. Go away
Well,  let's stop this.  @POTUS  doesn't how do the right thing
IMHO, it’s about wiping out any trace of a Black President. This is about a political party run amok. Maybe the South will win after all.
Can we just say racist when we refer to Trump?
You can and most on your side do, that's why so many of us completely disregard the word.  You have abused it into irrelevance.
And these idiot poor Republicans that voted for this orange buffoon smile & laugh while he screws them over and over. Idiots.
Aman ,I don't understand those guys,many trump get something on all of them.
Good article on @realDonaldTrump ex action http://www.factpower.org/panic.html 
And it was ruled unconstitutional by the courts, appropriations are Congress's Job! So get to it!
@realDonaldTrump So DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! Congress has the ability to reverse an EO and pass legislation to counter it. Get to work!!
Same  w/Iran deal. He is going to put us in ww111 with Iran & North Korea.
Whats your suggestion. You have responsibility to help with a solution. Or is your job to let us know sky is falling & it's not your fault?
Ok Dick. Now is the time to quit whining, reach across the aisle, and write a sensible plan . You know ACA is not sustainable. Fix it
Fossil fuel exploration & production subsidies $20.5 billion annually.
ACA reimbursements are $7 billion in 2017 
 $9 billion in 2018.
Senator Durbin, I am so proud you represent me, my family and my state. thank you for your diligent service.
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
#MurdererInChief
@POTUS
That seems low
Those payments went to the Ins. Co. Since when do Democrats support corporate welfare?
Not near as much as they went up under current ACA scheme
Vacations
Better stop tweeting and get to work on a solution! Didn’t you get elected by the people? Start acting like a Senator and stop taking Vacati
Mine just went up another 28%, before any of this. Your party said the ACA would save me money. You guys deserve each other.
Gene, premiums will continue to rise (under any plan) until the actual cost of healthcare is reduced. Trump's sabotage will only worsen it.
Somehow that doesn't make me feel much better.
Tell the truth..
Funny, you weren't worried when my son's policy jumped 200%.... in 2010... when you lied
It was a promise from Prez. Obama but NEVER funded! How the heck could it have even gone forward under Hillary
Well, @SenateGOP ?
#impeachTrumpf
Give up your Cadillac health policy we the people pay for and deal with the mess you shoved down our throats
No, it’s about trump making the little guy suffer.  Just like he has always treated the hardworking
I think you meant to say "ended illegal ACA subsidies"...taxpayer payments to insurance companies not that are not legally allowed.
Better fix it then huh?  Stop whining and get to work? For a change? Please?

I'm going to make the best deals! Sad!
- @POTUS Von Clownstick
And where has congress been on this issue for decades?  Campaigning instead of doing the job.
He knows that his followers will blame Obama no matter what damage he inflicts.
Someone has to stop this man from destroying the USA
He is forcing the ACA to fail then say I told you it was fairly to force Trump care down our throats.
What are you going to do about this?  #25thAmendment
#25thAmemdment
...... the damage trump has done to this country! So worried!
Trump has done so much harm to this country, it will take the next (real) president years to correct....
So you support taxpayer kickbacks to insurance companies?
Please support #MedicareForAll
Verbiage directly from democrat playbook. Not very original. I saw Obamacare premiums go up over 100%. I highly doubt your accuracy.
if true we should call it Obama care, except now if you like your doctor you really can keep him
I'm with you Senator-Posting from Chicago. Before Mcare kicked in, I was on OCare for 2 yrs after having no ins for several yrs. A relief.
Wrong again! I will take that since my premiums have risen 40% each of the last 3 years & subsidies went down! Want my statements Mike?
I thought corporate welfare is evil...

Medicare for all! Time is now for universal care
Except Medicare is running out of money now, it’s unsustainable. What happens when you add 200 million more to an unsustainable program?
Hurting people is the only thing that Trump is good at.
Its about repeal and replace. Do your fucking job.
You hit the nail on the head Sen. Durbin.
Including his own voters! Unbelievable.
My increase was 87% with my deductible almost doubled when Obamacare kicked in.  Where were you pissing and moaning about that then?
Senator, Trump is only interested in two things. 1. More money for the rich, via a phony tax plan. 2 Eradicating the legacy of Barack Obama.
Trump is without a core of beliefs, lacks integrity & humility. The man by virtue of his birtherism, is a racist & uses religion as a tool.
This mean congress should stop pointing fingers and get together and correct this situation. 
Are your rates going up? Mine are. 
#ActNow
If states looked into all their wasted spending they could make up for the money that's lost and then some
Better than the 77% increase we just received yesterday on top of the 30% received last year. Time for you to do your job
It's okay he wont be around long I hope his fingers is missing
Wake up ding-bat.
My premium went up 40% last year. Healthy family of 5. Self-employed. Huge deductibles. What are you doing about that?
At what srage do you react?! @potus continues to undermine the majority! 
We knew back in 2014 that govt reinsurance and subsidies would end in 2017. WHY ARE YOU ACTING SURPRISED?
Politicians are morlocks who want citizens to be eloi with no memory
My government sanctioned my death. I work 40 hrs week punching a time card. I pay my single status taxes. My Pres pays 0. My government 1
Will not help me pay my premium with my own money out of my check THEY TOOK (taxes). Too healthy for disability, too young for Medicare 2
A very frightened constituent,
Corrie Osborn 4
Now they have to experience the rate increases I have
How many will have to die before America wakes up?
It's going up faster than that. Wyoming rates up more than 44% for 2018. There are many states going up 25% and more for 2018.
Why is ins. Co. Profits doubled since aca started? 16 billion profit is wrong. 6k deduct with 900 mo.prem is wrong. THANKS DEMS
Can the senate file for some type of temporary stay to stop this from happening? @SenateGOP @SenateDems Why are you letting him do this??
Getting rid of Obama care will save us all money as Americans
It's becoming clear how they hacked key accounts. Thou protest too much
In case you forget money has to be authorized by the Congress to be paid out. Senate Democrats sure have a hard time understanding the
roles of the branches of government. Senate and House pass spending bills, not the president. Senate ratifies Treaties, the executive branch
Isn’t all powerful and it’s time you clowns started doing your jobs instead of blaming Trump for not governing like Obama without the
Proper Constitutional authority
What has Trumpf done? Besides golf and tweet?
What can we do to stop him?
Do you really know? Premiums w/out subsidies is awful, you have done nothing to help our improve.  Stop and help instead of vote seek
The @GOP is complicit with @POTUS destruction of healthcare. Children, elderly, the disabled, lower & middle incomes, all suffer but the 1%
Why this passivity on your part Senator? PEOPLE ARE GOING TO DIE. The executive order will kill and removal of subsidy is a death warrant
He's actually not even thinking about people - he just wants to destroy anything Obama did, because he's a tiny insecure loser.
Oh yea because Obama did sooo well.
#stopthepropaganda
And it's about reversing every good thing Obsma did. His hatred and pique knows no bounds.
Yea like the spectacular deal with IRAN!
#withdummieslikethis
#whoneedsenemies
Don’t need blame 45 for Democrats broken healthcare law, payments to insurers were illegal
How much $$ do insurance companies pay you?
Illegal subsidies!
Fake news.  Fake senator.
ACA Needed Changes Not Dismantling It will hurt Everyone ROS

Implementing ACA caused over 50% increases in premiums and skyrocketed deductibles. #goaway
4 yrs?  How much have the increased in Last 4.
#TrumpCare kills
I don't recall you complaining about increasing premiums while your pal Obama was still POTUS, your phony outrage is weak. Try harder Dicky.
He could care less whether it helps or hurts people...just so he gets to erase an obama care program...he is obcessed with obama
Fed judge ruled illeagal. How the three branch system works and you don't understand is amazing
really doesn't matter much when people do not vote or vote against their own interests!
AZ premiums increased 116% b4 the president signed any EO. That didn't bother you Dickie ?

You totally misunderstand me! This is all about helping people! Anyone named Trump is gonna profit!
Better than ObamaCare! Thanks for backing @POTUS!
