Commission 2 investigate non-existent fraud is the only real fraud. If 45+GOP really wanna ensure legitimate US voters have auto voter reg.
No it isn't, it's a serious concern. It should insure citizenship AND security of system. @SenatorDurbin @POTUS
No. Being "concerned" abt something that isn't happening 2 the extent u take voting away from legal US citizens - that is serious+unAmerican
Your OPINION about "concerned" or "unconcerned" is your wish. Maj of Americans are concerned. No one is taking voting away from citizens.
Agreed we r all allowed r opinions. Evidence shows no voter fraud but there is voter suppression. Maj of US concerned abt latter.
LOL, no. Trump won in part becuz CITIZENS are concerned abt former. And are tired of the equal status citizens are given 1/2
Wish I could laugh at ur thought process but I cannot - I am sorry 4 u tho. I see no point in debating facts vs feelings+opinions.
I am laughing at yours. Good luck.
No picture I. D., No vote. This is a no brainer.
Tell that to the elderly who don't have birth certificates.
How do they receive SS benefits w/o I. D. ?
A simple search on the Social Security site answers that.
Hello Senator Dick Durbin, I Belice that voter fraud is alive and well. Maybe .@realDonaldTrump should start looking for cases like this
They are looking for voter fraud everywhere! Doesn't matter what affiliation, they are putting a stop to it!
Yes. You maybe right but when Trump comes out and says that people voted against him when here is proof that they voted for him.
So glad Colo. offers voters option to go "Confidential" & blind their entire voter reg. from any inquiry. Stand against #VoterSuppression
What crap.. you manipulator they stole elections and cheated by machine for years.. Make sure you eat your peanut when it comes out
Good to see you squirming and scrambling as the fraud that has been so apparent and encouraged by you is being uncovered.  The jig is up.
What's wrong with confirming the validity of our election process? Transparency and accountability is a must.
Non-stop liar #FakePresident wants us to believe they want the truth.
He's distracting attn from #TrumpRussia while taking away our rights.
What rights is he taking away?!? What is wrong with you people?!? It's not hard to educate yourself, truth and facts are out there!
Any voting commission that isn't looking into making sure that ALL AMERICANS who are eligible to vote CAN VOTE is clearly a politicized scam
Voter reg & elections have always been decentralized & handled at city/state level. Centralizing @fed level will make data easier to hack.
Commission already publicly posted un-redacted info of all those who made comments on policy. How does that protect citizen's info?
The claim of millions of illegal votes has been repeatedly debunked, so this is waste of taxpayer $ & meant to create a case for suppression
Kobach was fined by judge for misleading court about document taken to WH & made life miserable for a poor man who made simple vote mistake
Commission should really be spearheading to help states to prevent election hacking, not collecting data on all citizens. No big brother
Dear Dick, why would Putin want to stop the democrat party's dead, Illegal Immigrant & multi-vote voters from voting?
Trump is cry baby
Ps, @realDonaldTrump show us your frickin TAXES. Then we'll talk

We should use our drivers license to vote
There is no voter fraud problem in America.  Only a voter suppression problem.  The pro-voter I.d. Law people want fewer people voting!
This is a systematic attempt to erode American confidence in their own democratic electoral system.  To what end?
Nope.
Actually, it's the illegal aliens who think they can vote, because Obama said so, who are suppressing US citizens votes!
#UnRegisterToVote if your stare agrees to send info! Call YOUR Secretary of State, Elections Division. #JustSayNO #FuckUGuys
https://m.facebook.com/home.php?s=1435398287&sstr=10214936275707130&stype=s&postid=10214936275707130&gfid=AQCzJXyt9542m-Tr&_rdr#!/story.php?story_fbid=10214936275707130&id=1435398287&refid=7&_ft_=top_level_post_id.10214936275707130&__tn__=%2As%2As-R …
@CoryBooker Yes, Senator. You and the Democrats need to say much, much more about this. It needs to be stopped!
only a true lowlife would have an objection to One CITIZEN, One Vote
Hey #45 - you're all about hiding your personal info. How about protecting the privacy of American citizens for a change?
@CoryBooker @POTUS yeah, you forgot to say with limited data, 1000 cases of fraud found so far... more coming
Thank you Sen Durban !
@CoryBooker @POTUS oh I knew that.The Electoral College manipulations  were likely crooked.
Couldn't some of this BS be stopped in its tracks if the VRA was being better enforced?
What are you Democrats so afraid of? Losing millions of votes it looks like!
RACISTS R U who believe only WHITE PEOPLE can get an ID. My Mom is 93, Hispanic, never driven but has an ID. @VP @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs
Senator Durbin said nothing about voter id issues.  You should read his posts before responding.
Voter ID issues always a DEM racist talking point! Do your research. Voter fraud exists & must be eliminated.
Get you facts from places other than #FakeNews @CNN. Voter fraud exists because of lax voting rules.
Isn't Kris Kobach under investigation in Kansa ? He's a crook .
Gerrymander districts. Suppress the right to vote. Next amend the constitution cause controling the vote gives you King Donald - WTF !!!
Dimms want to keep fraudulent voting practices.
Trump also wants to be able to pass all our voter data to Putin.  Makes it easier for him to hack elections.
Yes you're taxs papers
The Putin wannabe whose scared #TrumpRussia will reveal his finances Is saying the States have something to hide The FRAUD is the Commission
on fire.... where the monkey put the peanut.... and then unicorns...good stuff
Does that mean by not turning over his tax returns, donny has something time hide?
Do people really believe that illegals are going to register with the gvt then show up at a particular time & place where law enforcement is
@realDonaldTrump is an immoral liar and traitor.  Together with @GOP they're destroying American.  Disgraceful #GOPLiesMatter
Can't they just get the voter data from the Kremlin?  I bet they have it all.
The whole place is nuts!
Yeah, everybody knows this. What are Dems doing about it?
Counter: why is their demand more important than using the same amount of energy to expand voter eligibility - to all ID carriers for ex?
He is just paranoid cuz so many people don't like him.And he should be worried.The right to vote isn't part of the presidents decision is it
So how come Trump isn't releasing his tax returns? Think he has something to hide?
Yes Senator. Yes you do. Why don't you care about voting integrity? Oh wait...
#voterfraud
Coming from the guy who won't turn over his tax returns hahahahahaha
THE VOTER FRAUD WAS HOW TRUMP WON!! RUSSIAN HACKERS MEDDLING IN OUR DEMOCRACY TO HELP HIM..HE'S A CLOWN!
Yes. What will you do and what can we do to stop them?
Does anyone in the GOP have two brain cells to rub together?
Chicago has approximately 2.7 mil people Illinois is 12 million people there's no way Illinois goes Democrat every presidential race, no way
Thank you for speaking out about this crazy plan. (Q: what does it mean: "Put it where the monkey put the peanut"? Pls explain.)
Sorry Durbin it is called right to privacy but evidently the GOP doesn't care about your privacy only theirs.
Yet he won't investigate that because that would expose him as the fraud that he is. That whole thing is a joke.
We have a Russian government that has hacked into our voting system with the clear intent on favoring Trump.
I saw through that fraudulent voting commission a long time ago. I hope a lot more states refuse to cooperate with them.
By defending fraudulent voting & election fraud, you are nothing less than a traitor. Don't like the commission? Propose your own solution.
Hey Senator Eddie Haskell when r u going to fix @Obamacare  I'm paying $22,700/year & my patients all have $6-20,000.00 deductibles
Voter ID does not supress votes, stop spreading lies
Under the Trump Regime we are not living in a democratic country. There isn't one institution that he will protect or respect. #AmericaDied
Keep up the good work!  I am proud you are representing me in the Senate 
I like watching you talk with no sound. With your facial expressions you crack me up. Beside I don't take you seriously. #laughable
The state motto in Illinois, "vote early and vote often" How many governors have been in prison? Speaker of the house?
Thank you for standing up to this horrible commission! I'm so proud that you are my senator!!

Bullshit!  Yes you need to say more.
Please start connecting the dots- all lead to dictatorship DO SOMETHING- SAVE DEMOCRACY
Dick's world.
Potus refusing to disclose tax returns must surely have something to hide.
Hi DD!!
That is a lie why do you people always continue to lie there's voter fraud out there and it needs to stop now
More BS from Durbin, let's stop illegals from voting, anyone voting multiple times, Felons voting. Durbin wants those votes, he doesn't care
Senator Durbin, you give me hope in this colossal mess. You have integrity.
This isn't rocket science, no ID no vote ding bat.
Where did the monkey put the peanut?
So what would happen if they discovered that it was Trump voters who cheated ? (Not saying it happened). He'd drop it like a got potato.
Being in charge and having a mandate are not the same. He can't change anything without others being complicit. I think people will resist.
You don't have to say more, but you won't be able to keep your mouth shut......
YES, sir. TY, @SenatorDurbin
That's a flat out lie.
Why are so many opposed to voter ID? It just makes sense.
States Rights !
Nothing wrong with suppressing #illegals from voteing. I guess that would stop you from getting back in office
How could she not pause the interview to explore where the monkey put the peanut?
Actually you need to stifle yourself. Coming from Illinois u r familiar with voter fraud. WE NEED ALL VOTERS TO BE LEGAL AND REGISTERED.
If you're against it, it missy be good!!!
Every person in this country has to show some form of ID at some point in their lives you just think black people are too ignorant to get ID
You are the worst senator we have ever had
Agreed.
No he doesn't he just wants to have Chicago dead people stop voting .... you would never win another election in my state if that happened
Sadly, we will all most likely have to say much more to stop this travesty of American values. #VoterSuppression
I feel like your voter registration card should be sufficient, right? Its not like the gov't can't verify your info from that...right?
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
@KrisKobach1787 built his career pursuing modern day Jim Crow. Shame on him.
What would happen if they find out Trump and the GOP cheated?
Be careful. Could just be diversionary tactic to stop talk about 2 nd meeting with V Putin.
You make me proud to live in Illinois sir!!
God no one is proud to live in Illinois...
@bannerite @POTUS Gee, ya think?
Pass National voter ID laws ! If you can pay fro free phones you can pay for ID's
*for

How do we know trump won the election, if we can't be sure if who voted?
More like its stops Dems from cheating
He is covering up fraud
Steve Bannon was registered to vote at a vacant address in Florida that he does not live in.  Why hasn't Trump ousted him for voter fraud?
He focused on the millions of illegals and dead ppl the Dem count on for swing state votes each election... ha!
Yes you can say more. What are you trying to hide
Let's trade the fake one his taxes for the voter rolls
Dear Dick...if they are legal ok. If they are illegal, bye, bye. Don't think you'll keep illegals here. ICE is doing their job now.
If we do one thing it should be the elimination of the Electoral College
Keep fighting the good fight - these people are crazy
WHY HAVE YOU IGNORED GREG PALAST'S EXPOSE?
You mean the democrats using he listings at the cemetery, letting democrats vote more than once etc.
Take off your skirt and act like a man...nothing to hide show the goods!
Hey, Durbin your a liar.
Not a word other than DISBAND
Where the monkey put the peanut?? Lmao
HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-AHHHH-AH-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA, OMG WHAT A BUNCH OF JACKASSES, HA-HA-HA-HA-AAAAAAHHH-HA-HA
Well done Dick I just register to vote in IL proud to have you looking after us
I can't wait to move.... this state sucks
We agree this is another farce to suppress voters. We know republicans win with low turn out Redmap gerrymander and Russia
They DO HAVE SOMETHING TO HIDE!  Time to vote you out!!
How about sponsoring a bill to create a national voter registry
Republicans wouldn't out it on the floor
And Kobach has Ohio's kindred suppression spirit Ken Blackwell shilling for him as well, does he not?
Ken Blackwell is GOP, vote blocking slime.
This is starting to feel like a dystopian SciFi
But it IS happening- DO SOMETHING
Been writing or calling congress everyday with the Resistbot, and attending protests. It's not enough but it's a start.
Republicans love Jim Crow
Democrats own Jim Crow laws.
You nailed it, sir.

Durbin, you are a well documented well known liar.
End of discussion.
Thank you Senator.
Lies, lies, and more lies out of zero-integrity, political hack Dick's mouth.  What a horrific legacy for Illinois.
My senator, what a wonderful legacy for my state.
Democrats need illegal voters to win.
Sounds like a conspiracy theory.

