Wow @RepHultgren Did you know this? I wonder what the Republicans in #IL14 would think about your support of #GrahamCassidy?

Sen Durbin, keep fighting. Do WHATEVER IT TAKES to destroy the harmful #GrahamCassidy bill.
This is because Illinois has an inordinate amount of poor and welfare folks.  Thanks to Dems.
Do something about it!
Illinois wouldn't spend it on healthcare anyway to bad you dems screwed that state up
Well y'all bankrupt anyway
Maybe you should focus on helping Illinoisans keep some the billions of dollars they are robbed of by the federal government.
So dinner with Chuck and Nancy was to make the GOP squirm enough to get together and repeal O care. K, got it.
Now all we have to do is keep him safe from the deepstate reptilian devils
But Dicky you did vote yes for the military spending. SMH.  SUPPORT NOTHING!!!! FROM THE RIGHT!!!!
They overspent. Get illegals off Medicaid
@LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy this will kill my sister because we will not be able to afford her medication
Robbed? Um, Medicaid was supposed to be state driven anyway. Robbed? I wld say, have ur state step up but it's broke
Then quit complaining and do your job!
Had hillary won this country would be over run by UN troops martial law and death http://camps.You  better thank GOD Trump is Prez
Dickie you are lying again
Sen Durbin thanks for going to the mat for Illinoisans who's HC is in serious jeopardy! My family:cancer/intelc disabilities/heart/medicaid
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth for all you do. Stop this insanity!
Thank you for fighting! G-C will ration care, strip funding from developmentally disabled adults, and strip pre existing cond protections
Good , glad my taxpayer money isn't going to subsidize more people. I'm paying for enough people already.
It's being redistributed to the red states to bribe their senators to vote for the bill.
Nice try.  We know your politics.  "Like your Dr. Keep your Dr."  Obamacare has destroyed healthcare for all states
So what at least theyll. Be alive America. Obama care is a Genocide bill period.If you can just read all the exc. Orders Obama put in there
Over how many years?????????
Boo hoo RULE OF LAW AND Repeal ACA
How can you rob them?  It's their tax money!!!
That's what happens when you overspend and over promise. Obama didn't bail you out either.
Is that $1.4 billion less that we would be borrowing from China then?  Because I am OK with that.
Screw People let's just spend it on Military
That's $1.4 billion you wouldn't be able to siphon off a part. So sad
Millions  will pay less in co-pays and premiums. Oh those are the working peasants you don't care about them
Staffer: The robery & slashing of benefits equates to $130.00 per person per year. Why all the alarm. Recent tax hike in IL was 32%!!!!
Illinois's 2016 GDP:$791 bn
Millions will lose care?
Stop frivolous spending Sir and maybe u wont need to use  font 14 for a paltry $1.4 bn
Don't believe a word you say
I called Gov. Rauner's office and asked why he hasn't joined the bipartisan govs opposing it. Was told he commented in July.
By the way, the fact that u cost us $1.4 billion in the FIRST PLACE IS THE PROBLEM!! Ur just 1 state!!! Did u have that 1.4 b4 2008? nope
Heres an idea....tell them to get a F JOB !!!!  oh thats right u want them poor
The federal government OWES your state $1.4 Billion, does it?
How much is Illinois estimated to pay to house, feed, educate and doctor Illegals as a Sanctuary State by the year 2027 with our Tax Dollars
What legacy would you like to leave?  Complainer? Leader? Leaders find a solution with fellow colleagues complainers are pessimistic & weak
I, unfortunately, live in Cook county.  We are so accustomed to being robbed by government we will, likely, not notice....try again Senator.
What part of #NoTrumpcare the GOP doesn't understand?  Keep #ACA and improve it.  Illinois & all of America are hurt by #GrahmCassidy.
My family would probably loose there healthcare benefits
Get jobs that have healthcare benefits. I don't want to see you without healthcare, but I pay for my family and you should too.
Well, maybe you shouldnt be making Illinois a sanctuary state..
Hey durbin stop your complaining and do something good for a change. I don't know maybe help get a new health care bill
Salute
You're considered Obama's home base & have lots of good Democrats. He hates all of that. He's really vindictive for a supposed winner!
Shame on the republicans
Wake up, America! Don't let @SenateGOP pass this horrific bill!
But nobody asks " how we gunna come up with an xtra 80B to top off at 700B of military spending?" (Which isn't real number Psbtw)
Try working with POTUS and republicans on healthcare worth having instead of clinging to a failed disastrous ACA
The republicans don't want to work for the people! Only for themselves
I beg to differ. I'm a registered republican and I don't want to work only for myself. That mindset is why congress gets almost 0 done 
I'm not saying YOU! I'm saying the republicans in the senate and congress! Why didnt they work with Mr.Obama?
Better question is why didn't O work with Republicans? Instead he said "I have a phone & a pen" and signed illegal executive orders
He tried. They didn't, remember McConnell saying he wouldn't work with him?  Grown men acting like children
The only thing O tried was to turn our country into a liberal utopia. "We're just 5 days away from fundamentally changing America " O's word
Oh Bernie, I'd much rather have Mr.Obama over that kkk member anytime. He's a true embarrassment
With #SinglePayer those payout would be unnecessary, but you would lose all the contributions from insurance lobby. 
Why Dick opposes UHC
1.4 billion of taxpayers money you're talking about. The money belongs to the taxpayer.
Try being a part of a solution!
Excellent News!
We Have To Stop Them
Senator ROS
If #Obamacare hadn't made insurance unaffordable in the first place this wouldn't be an issue. Medicaid isn't a solution. #ReapWhatYeSow
They need jobs not handouts!
Isn't your state basically bankrupt?
Why doesn't #ahole Congress have ObamaCare WITHOUT the taxpayer paid BOGUS small business subsidy? Eat your own cooking! #Pathetic #Jerks!
Right now Kate we're trying to save lives until we get the House back
Oh? Whose life is in jeopardy?
Keep fighting for #MedicareForAll
or, you know, you could endorse Medicare for All.
