Trump administration expected to give Pentagon six months to implement transgender ban http://on.wsj.com/2xeBIIj 
45 is a mentally disturbed man. There is no call or reason to do so.

How many transgender people there are in the US military?
@SenatorDurbin do something!
The military does not need the distraction in combat. Nor should the country pay for the transition costs. Semper fi!
Truly despicable and heartless. Shame on 45.
My commander and chief does because he doesn't kneel to political correctness like dem party.  He does what is best for the military
"...When they came for me..." who's next?
And quite frankly, I believe this country is growing tired of @realDonaldTrumps behavior. Some of us are even fearful.
This snowflake is not paying for a wall. Sucker.
Thank you Sen. Durbin for speaking out against the transgender ban in the military. Please continue to fight all forms of discrimination !!
The president many times has asked for things that make no sense. I hope generals don't follow thru w/ LGBT order if don't think it's right.
The military is there to keep us safe. It's not a platform for identity politics!
So instead of the best we choose second best because the best is transgender. Next to follow women will be pulled, then gay, then...
Senator Dick Durbin.  Has no idea what's going  on around him. Typical Democrat!
No...but it IS what an "Autocratic Dick" does...
And he wonders why he is so despised that he has to pay people to clap at his stupid rallys
Geez

The POTUS who is married to a Trans-Gender, Obama, put them there!
Til now.
That's why we don't consider him our Commander in chief. He's not acting like one.
He's denying willing and capable Americans who WANT to protect this country, in exchange to please his base Bubba and Cletus.
Nothing he has done is what a commander-in-chief is supposed to do. This move is vile,and disgusting. #RacistinChief
卐rump 卐he 卐erroris卐
UNCOUTH UNHINGED UNFIT
Senator please resign
Everyone knows this is wrong. Why don't you stop him?
The military should fail to implement it.  #Resist
same old stuff, t=impotent, inept, ineffective, inappropriate, inefficient, incompetent, impeachable.
Is this @POTUS or is this @VP sick agenda?
And Obama wanted to let tens of thousand of illegals many from terrorist countries in without proper vetting and paid for by tax payers.
Not
Sen Durbin you have sold residents of Illinois into growing poverty.  The residents of Illinois should vote you out, and investigate..
No one is in better position to tell willing Americans not to serve their country than "man" who did everything possible to not serve.
Trump is sick & the biggest threat to every American...even his base. He'll hurt anybody for political gain. #NotMyPresident
Just don't want to be responsible for all the expensive  surgeries.
Polical gain?  There is NO depths to your foul utterances that lie their way into the minds of the less than intelligent. No impeach now?
Then DO SOMETHING !
Threatening national security by removing trained people from their critically important posts. He needs to go Sen. Durbin #ImpeachTrumpNow
What is the evil deal behind this?  Trump doesn't care about trans ppl - why all of sudden?  What is he getting in return for doing this?
Trump is messing with peoples lives... people who want and wanted to serve because of funding for a wall Mexico was going to pay for.Sad
What political gain? The only people that would want this is his base of kkk/Nazi voters.
he has the problem. The US Military never approached him on the issue. He made the decision without informing them first.
They have no business in military and I sure in the hell don't want my tax money paying for their surgeries. Political gain u invented it.
A pussy draft dodging want-a-be soldier, wants to tell those with the guts, courage, heart and commitment they can't serve, WTF
But you've never done anything for political gain? You're a hypocritical (Dick)weed!
Sooooo how much money did you pocket from the mortgage scams I can't remember can you tell me.
Well it doesn't appear we have one, so...

Why are people so worried about the transgender people?  Guys' schlongs should be tbe last  thing other guys worry about.
The military is meant to protect us & our country, not a place for social experimentation.
That is exactly what a commander and chief does. Keep our armed forces safe
So stop him.
Hopefully he'll be home by then!
Gone by then
sounds a lot like discrimination to me!isnt that a violation of federal employment law???hmm
This man is determined to wipe out the whole obama administration. He is a menace to us all.
They shouldn't do a thing.  He'll have forgotten about it by then.  Expect him to start running at windmills any time now.
Well you have a point.
Hopefully he's gone by then.
This also seems to be one more thing Obama did that he can easily undo. That seems to be, at least in part, one of his goals.
I think the Military Leaders should take a stand! His sorry ass and his gross children have never done anything for our country!
Horrific!
Direct from his evangelical supporters.
Can we get HIM out in six months?
International law: do not follow immoral and illegal orders
Dickie - I served.  Did you?  I definitely don't wish to shower with a guy/girl/guy??
Shameful
So your advocating putting guns in the hands of the mentally ill?
Do we really want people that don't know whether to sit or stand when they pee try and decide which bad guy they should shoot?
People who have valiantly served our country should not lose their military benefits at the whim of the current leader. Terrible.
Dick, do you work or just spend all your time on twitter?
But what does he stand to gain politically?
I stand with my #transgender brothers and sisters. #EqualityforAll  #NoTransBan
For political gain? Get real! How about to protect and insure the integrity and safety of our soldiers! You are a pragmatist.
How Congress can allow him to do this, is beyond me. We had moved toward a more perfect Union & now Trump is undoing it all..SAD!
While engaged in war- r they supposed to take time out of war strategy to plan for this- worse leadership ever
Pentagon- just say NO- you see where this is going- defend DEMOCRACY be on the right side of history
He's running out of people to attack.
No we all can b e next-stand up for others
Hell yes!
I would hope that he is impeached before 6 months.
If the ones actually serving do not want them there, who are you to tell them they are wrong. Let the military decide, your opinion is trash
I agree with our @POTUS and should go into place sooner than later.
For military gain
I am hoping it won't stand up in court!!
#TrumpFilth #TheResistance #LGBTQRights #ImpeachTrump #TrumpTraitor #TrumpRussiaGate #BringRTroopsHome #Trump$$$Laundering @LGBTfdn @maddow
I'd expect you to notice that they clearly stated discharge would be based on deployability.
The impetus is to eliminate tax payer $$ from paying for their drugs and surgeries for their transition. Be truthful.
Trump is A 5 Time Draft Dodger he is Not Fit to serve as President!
#25thAmendmentNow

Wow @realDonaldTrump is right-Election rigged-NO WAY the 60 mil nutjobs r smart enuf 2 have operated voting booth or completed paper ballot. 
Think they all have bone spurs?
I don't care what parts you have, if you have my back, I'm good with you.
@realDonaldTrump  IfMilitary Discriminates Against Transgender Community We'll B @ odds w/multiple/18 nations that admit LGBT Applicants
Dickie, You forget Obama dropped this transgender issue on Trump in late 2016. TG's like flat footed recruits were banned!
Please do all you can, including impeachment, to stop this bigoted plan of 45. Transgender people have the rights of all citizens.
Tendergenderism is a mental disorder, they are not obligated to enter military service.
When did USA become a dictatorship?
Read the Constitution at the Commander in Chiefs discretion and besides...Obama and Clinton dictated their Homo Policies too.
Equal rights for all is the law, how can it be that TRUMP can change the law with a stroke of a pen that does NOT represent USA!
It's not a law, it's a policy.
I thought we were not going to have our military operating on time-based mandates any more!
Im a daughter of a mother who is a daughter of the American Revolution, and Im daughter of a paternal military family and Trump  IS AN ENEMY
We actually agree on something
Go Trump!
It infuriates me! What about their service will it be nullified? No VA medical?
SOS... 
Trump is an enemy of the US Constitution!
BLOCKED
Purge the democrat turds
I completely agree Senator.  But nothing that Trump does/has done/plans to do is what a Commander-in-Chief does.
Great words.  @SenatorDurbin  what will you do about it?
Divider Dick I don't want my tax dollars used for sex change operations period. Would you pls represent me on that point???
how many TG have u talked to? I bet NONE. As 4 your tax dollars. I don't want mine paying 4 Trumps golf
Will any of the Generals serving in the Administration speak out against this??
The generals has a responsibility to this country. Sometimes that does not mean by battles. This is the time they mustdevisea way to protect
When, oh when can we purge Trump?
I give Congress six weeks to get rid of @realDonaldTrump
Email to Donald about his transgender ban (distraction) AGAIN https://tmblr.co/Z9YDTn2OJnwnt 
It's exactly what a commander and chief is expected to do .Mental illness needs felt with not fed !
I want dt gone by six months, but sooner would be better.
NO JUSTIFICATION TO BAN TRANSGENDERS. ! LIVES  AT RISK! DISCRIMINATION! INAPPROPRIATELY DISCHARGING THEM!  MILITARY SHOULD REFUSE!
You and Dems exploit minority groups SOLEY FOR POLITICAL GAIN. Don't project your garbage on others, @SenatorDurbin .
I heard a great suggestion they should every last 1 of them register as transgender..
Who says trump is commander-in-chief?  He's a so-called president.
He's a moral president We elected because we are tired of sick people pushing their mental illness as being normal .
Is anything he does 'what a commander in chief' does? He's killing our country.
@potus is the exact opposite of a leader. Every qualified American who wants to serve our country should have an opportunity to serve
A one or two hour strike by active military members should about end this nonsense
Great!
You must work to stop this! This is DISCRIMINATION AND DISGRACEFUL! ThIS IS NOT OUR COUNTRY!
We do not feed mental illness and it is not discrimination. WE DON'T ALLOW MENTALLY ILL IN OUR MILITARY.
He is attacking Trans People Senator ROS We Will Stand With Them
Trans need a help not having their abnormal thoughts of being something they aren't fed.
So pass legislation to stop it
