State election officials were contacted by feds today about whether their election systems were among those targeted http://n.pr/2fGGs2c 
States need the tools to safeguard our democracy from a hostile Russia determined to undermine it. The stakes are too high to ignore.
My bill with @AmyKlobuchar would give states resources to protect election infrastructure from future attacks. Republicans: stop blocking it
Yet you don't care that illegals are undermining the voting process from within. Didn't this happen on your hero Obama's watch?
Can you explain how illegal, undocumented people can register to vote?  How do people register the first time w/o citizenship ID?
2 forms of ID required, 1 must include current address. Utility bill and something postmarked to you will suffice. Cizenship not questioned.
Read the Registration application more carefully. While no explicit citizenship ID is required with the application. You swear an affidavit.
They're illegal already, pretty sure swearing you're a citizen is not an issueHence the need to show proof of citizenship, but that's not PC
Voter suppression, cyber voter roll tampering and electioneering by paid foreign agents are much larger problems. Follow the evidence.
If your a citizen of age you get to vote. Nonregistration and require valid citizenship ID at the polls. Go back to paper ballots. Solved
Enjoy your Sunday afternoon . Peace.
We should worry more of our own elected officials spying and unmasking #Americans  to influence elections along with illegals voting
Bot thanks Putin.
Thanks Hillary
Hey bro they've been doing this for YEARS,why the itchy ass now?Phonyism?
How about encrypting the central database or not having one?
21 states hacked! What are we going to do about this illegitimate administration? #Revote2017
We'll do something bout that when we do something bout illegitimate people's voting!
El Servicio Secreto no realiza estas actividades de Cyber Ataque,,,Reagan:The Zarina of Russia.Vitalicia
Yall follow @mikefarb1 #unhackthevote jail the entire @realDonaldTrump realDonand the entire  treasonous horde
Paper ballots.
@NPR Sure, but when do kick some Russian ass? Signed, impatient and humble citizen.
Could we please go back to paper ballots?
Hacking an election feels like an act of war. But our #fakepresident continues to pretend it's not real bc his boyfriend wouldn't do that 
Um no dick. We need to restore the rightful winner who didn't commit treason. And jail all the @GOP co conspiritors
First we need a thorough investigation.
Trump invited the hackers. And knowingly hired  Russian moles.

Article 25 and/or Impeachment - now.
People were cold busted in Chicago cheating
I bet an every other hood in .Liberals r as crooked n classless as stinkin
I'm sure Rauner (Trump beta test) applauds their efforts.
Impeach a Trump before nuclear war. Sanction rocket fuel few countries produce it
Bullsheet we know Pedo John podesta and mook made it up stop lying
When r u guys gonna get off the Russia crap
How about a few cruise missiles tossed at their cyber HQ? They really messed with us to the point of damage even beyond what 9/11 did.
Easy to pen voting in IL. Used to live there and saw it first hand.
I'd be concerned because the Illinois election process is pure as the wind-driven snow...
So, a casus belli. If you're serious, your response is weak.
Thanks. I tweeted the Gov and didn't get any response, going to try the Sec of State. I want to know what's being done too.
Good luck on that whole reality & facts approach! ;-)
Sycophants/devotees/cult followers are known to ignore, excuse & deflect!
You've got proof #LyingDurbin ? Share please. #ResistTheLeft #ResistEvilLeft
ALERT-this is a slow moving ongoing cyber attack on US system of elections-Russia is RELENTLESS-USA SNAP out of itZeus
YES !
This was a Russian attack on the USA ! 

when is going to be treated this way by the WH, DHS, and Congress...???
Stop warmongering
@NPR That explains why our idiot state continues to elect democrats who spend us into oblivion & solve zero problems.
Should we all have a Voter ID to vote?
America is >20 yrs. behind Europe regarding personal data security. Data encryption and dual authentication were standard in the 1990s
There our enemy sir. Fight back.
Congress must act to pass National cyber security policies and regulations. Companies like @Equifax, @facebook, @Google must be accountable.
Hey Dick, Stop with all the lying.  No they didn't!  Get over it!  People are just waking up to all the Deception. The veil is lifting!
Yes @GovRauner. What is being done about this?
Act of war?... against Illinois? And ur response to this 'act of war' is to 'prevent this from happening again'? So strong.
I am so glad your are staying on top of this issue!! Looking out for the American people!!
And Russia must face SOME consequences.
This is not true! Show us the PROOF!
Thanks for calling it what it is: a cyber act of war
Dead people with computers will vote too... especially for your party's candidate. Graveyard WiFi ! ID and paper ballots are a MUST !
Here is hard evidence of the US led coup that placed radicals in power in Ukraine for your trusting constituents.
Well if they committed a act of war then we should Bomb them. War is war in all forms.
Can we please overturn the election then?
You say this like team rauner had no role in exposing our data. Our data needs to be kept safe from the GOP.
Paper ballots, Senator. Take our democratic process offline and put it back in our hands.
My son's address was changed and he had difficulty voting (Glen Ellyn) let me know if you need to speak with him. They let him vote finally
Impeach or indictment SOON
Maybe we need to go back to paper voting instead of auto voting so no foreign national can interfering plus show I.D. in every state
@NPR Penalties should be huge fines and mandatory prison sentences. Pass a law to overturn Citizens United.
Agreed.   What's the plan?
@NPR We need laws to penalize those who interfere with federal elections. Very strong penalties to counter big money.
And we need strong cyber security policy and Regulations. The US has been far too lax dealing with the death of privacy.
You mean the RNC & Russia committed....
?
Tell us how it goes after POTUS stops acting like a 12 year old on the phone.
The election should be thrown out and Trump should be put in jail
Potential voters should be required to pass civics test. Idiocy is bi/non-partisan.
Warmongers
Is Dick Turbin still pushing this crap? It was Obama, Rice, and others who interfered with the election.  Turbin is such a pathetic Liar.
Would IDs be a solution? If we knew who was qualified to vote & voted would that decrease any questions about legitimacy of tally?
@NPR
It was war. And anyone involved committed treason, no matter how many in the @gop that includes.
I've had it with this "we can't inform the public for fear of civil unrest".  Tell us the whole truth, we are broken already.
The public deserves to know the extent of the cyber attack. & we need to set up protections for the future, maybe even paper ballots in 2018
Keep our elections local! No federal help needed
There IS a war against working class of Illinois; it's being led by Illinois capitalists & their hired Dem & Repub waterboys - including you
@realDonaldTrump is the HOAX!
LOL will Democrats & Repubs also blame Illinois' BANKRUPTCY on the Russians too? #DumpTheDems #BuildAWorkersParty & #FightForAWorkersGovt
Dick: Do you have any hard evidence to back up your BS?
my husband & I both 50yrs/earn $14hr. we know that TAXCUT 4 TOP1% will unleash OUR economy. WE VOTED THIS! Forcing NO vote is wrong and BAD!
A man that earns $5,000,000 a yr will put the squeeze on us workers when he has to give half to govt! He is the share-holder! Top1% invests!
We got a GOOD DEAL, get with the program. We voted in OUR AGENDA! POTUS is neither red/blue. Tax cut for 1% boosts investments/U know this!!
To what extent? We're entitled to know what actually happened.
Yeah 10 months later!
How long have you known and why didn't you tell us sooner?
PLEASE PUSH FOR "IMPEACHMENT" ..MAKE AMERICAN SMART AGAIN....BEFORE THE NEW YEAR 2018
Did they flip votes? The country's voters deserve to know.
