#BREAKING: Trump will scrap critical Obamacare subsidy http://politi.co/2z4IHnc  
Not even for a political point. It's a petty, vengeful move against Obama.

It's a personal vendetta.
And Trump is the dumbest POTUS the WORLD has ever seen!
I stand corrected. I forgot about alternative facts! Meanwhile in the REAL world, President Obama reigns supreme!
Which history books are you referencing?
#Trumpcare @realDonaldTrump broke it now he owns it.
Funny because his move "raises them 20%," while fundamental ACA currently in place has been raising them 100%+ routinely.
#getyourflushoot now! It's going to be a long 4 years.
Ugh. So true. 
This is too generous. He has no point to make. He’s doing it because he hates the man who shepherded the law in the first place.
How high will the premiums go up if he did nothing? Another 50%? 75% and if they can't afford it just fine them.  Brillient? Get real.
More like a personal ego (easing god out) driven.point.
If the word Obama is in the policy of any kind the stupid bigot will try to destroy it. Pathetic.
#POWERABUSE
And what are you doing to stop it?
It's obvious to me that Trump hates the poor. PR, Medicaid, ACA and the list goes on. He better not kill us all. No one left to wait on him.
I have to disagree.  Trump's only point is to be vengeful.
Going to screw his base who unfortunately  will not realize how screwed they will be. Sad.
Pathetic is only term for @DonaldTrump @gop #stopHimNow @senateDems
Who crowned him King? Where is the Balance of Power? If you guys cannot stop him who can? What are you guys doing about it? #SendMoney
COME JOIN A REAL PEOPLES PARTY https://www.facebook.com/The-centrist-alliance-partY … AND HELP US FIGHT BACK
Republicans have been sabotaging the ACÁ from day 1
Of corpse he did; he's the #LiarInChief
If Obama care is so great why aren't all of you senators on it!
You're giving him waaay 2 much credit, he has no point to make. It's more of a whim, that's it! It's called governance by whimsy.
He's doing it to destroy Obama's legacy
Gonna break all his toys till your so called colleagues stop him.

Absolutely. He is a menace dedicated to erasing obama..but he can not erase the fact that obama did it and improved lives..he is a looser
If he is attacking the American people, sir, it is the duty of every patriotic member of Congress to remove him, by whatever means necessary
The INSURANCE CO. Were projecting 20+% increases in premiums anyway. So what's the difference?
The difference is he's supposed to be improving the situation...and you're a liar!
Trump supporters will feel it in their pocketbook just as much as we are. I hope they realize the protections the ACA put into place.
They will be told that their pain is the result of Mexicans, Muslims, Blacks and Hispanics leeching off of them.
Horrible President.
Didn't the insurance companies announce a premium increase for this yeat and next year? Point fingers!
My very healthy son's health ins doubled to $600 "before" the election, & my friend in MN is paying fines & planning a funeral. Affordable?
CBO is fake news unless it agrees with Donald. He doesn’t care.  #NoEmpathy #NoMorals  #NotMyPresident
I’m sure you’re disappointed yet will do whatever you can to help ACA customers, despite DJT’s latest sabotage.
Nope. Wrong again. @POTUS is at war and doing what warriors do to enemies, destroy them.
Oh well, so be it Mr Durban. Going to hurt red states by far the worst. Dems need to make NO deals with this pervert trump. Fuck him!
The CBO was WRONG w Obamacare and you expect ppl to trust it now. Get real.
Buying over state lines allows premiums to go down. Nice try. 
Fight back to make lower affordable single payer!!!!!     Do it
It isn't failing as hard as he says it is so he has to help it along.
what a guy
HOW IS TRUMP MAKING ANY POINT OTHER THAN HE IS A DICK
Sicario trump only cares about his pocket and how he can fill it. Won’t show taxes bc he doesn’t have $. Taking RNC $ for him & his family
My employer funded plan got a 30% renewal this year after the EO
Cheapskate, why can't trump live up to the rule of law (oh, I forgot, the only law he lives up to is his own; he's never minded the USA Laws
Not so.
Congress makes laws not Obama with his phone and pen
Much like you did to force ppl into Single Payer when you knew Obama Care would fail.  Shame on You!
Then please, PLEASE help us, Senator Durban! You have more power! We are desperate!
@realDonaldTrump @GOP legislative goal is to rape women poor elderly minorities & environment 4 tax cut & b/c #ObamaLegacy
you allmust stop the attacks on our healthcare!this is insane and will not help anyone!
You know. I’d take you more seriously if you didn’t vote for the $700 billion defense budget. You’re just like them.
It’s not to make a political point. It’s to make people suffer and then try to blame it on a Black man.
How can this be one mans decision? Bullshit! Get to work Dick! Fight him
#corruptcomplicitGOP
So do something about him, please. This is gross dereliction of his duty and his oath of office.
When he succeeds, let's put some cash into messaging to make sure he owns it.
I hope this is a lesson to democrats in the house and Senate that working with Trump is not an option Trump doesn't care about anyone.
@realDonaldTrump does nothing but destroy things. He builds nothing — unless you count dividing America as building
Who's going 2HELP US when we can't afford our insurance?Or when we R told we no longer have insurance due 2 pre-existing or chronic illness?
You are intititled to your opinion. But, IDISAGREE!
PAYBACK x 10.
Mr Durbin, as a constituent, I am begging you & All Democrats to stop being nice and start fighting fire w/ fire. He's killing us.
I hope he goes after term limits next so we can get career politicians out of office, you destroyed health care by passing obamacare
What, I wonder, is the point? I wreck shit because I can?
The president is clearly not following his oath of office. It's time for congressional action before more Americans are hurt by him.
@realDonaldTrump He’s throwing a temper tantrum! Congress CAN reverse the EO and pass a law that counters it! Step up now dammit!!
Why is he allowed to do this? What can be done about it?
Do Something @GOP About this Unstable @RealDonnalTrump.
Cue up the CBO is fake script.
You are giving his WAY too much credit. He couldn't explain the political point he's even making other than he's a smaller man than Obama.
Why did #GOP forget -- > 2004 --- 2004 ----May 2004 #WSJ: Double-Digit #Healthcare Increases Will Continue n '04 #Trumpcare
Funny. Without this, premiums were expected to go up 20-40% so what's the diff?
The president is destroying healthcare because of Obama. This is a life or death issue for some of us & the @POTUS doesn't care.
It's time to force the removal of the president. He never had America's interests at heart.
He’s gonna lose.
I disagree with you Senator Durbin.  You have been in the Senste too long.  Retire!
Not just a political point. He wants to obliterate the black man's presidency.
How can he do that, since it's part of the LAW? What's the Senate going to do about this?
Obamacare was imploding
PURELY A RACIST POINT,SINCE HE CAN'T HANDLE HIS BLACK AMERICAN PREDECESSOR DOING BETTER THAN HIM(THE RICH WHITE GOOD OL BOY MEMBER)
Hey moron, healthcare if already destroyed.  He's giving you idiots the nudge you need to fix it!  Wake up dummy!
And insurance premiums will increase even more in 2019
Now,if only we could get Dems to vote in #all elections...especially in those important #midterms! 

     2010 was Dems' Waterloo!
the CBO lied about Obamacare and so did you did you forget to mention 116% increased that AZ got from your plan that you were supposed to be able to keep your doctor get out and stay out
Trump is the 21st century Hitler.
Well someone has to pay for the cost of all the freebies given to the non-workers.   Did you really think free was FREE?
Had no issue with Healthcare premiums until You guys all got your fingers in the pot with Obamacare!
Revenge is not a political point.
That's fine. We can use our 0.07% tax savings to pay for it. @realDonaldTrump is a disaster.
#25thAmendment
Heartbreaking and evil. #imploderinchief
Dickie, That's less than the 30% to 60% Obamacare has been rising each year
He hated Obama so much, he will dismantle everything Obama did. Too bad he can't be the man Obama is.
Had congress done it's job the first time around we wouldn't still be repealing executive orders.  #congressdoyourjob
He is a danger to our country!
No, he isn't. He is doing it to get back at @BarackObama for making fun of him at the Washington Correspondents Dinner. #MalignantNarcissim
And Trump isn't enforcing the new Russian sanctions to show Vlad he still support their #G20 plan.
He's not "mking a plitical pint" , Sen He is "acting  a prsnl Vendtta vs Barack Obama. He does 0 for pol. rsns. His slf invlvemnt is all.
No @POTUS ending Obamas taxpayers bailouts where have you been HC premiums have skyrocketed under Dems and Obamas Watch
Stop tweeting & the lip service and take action to protect Americans
Big Dick Durbin 
Just the reverse. Anything is better
Noooo, he's doing it to be bitchy because that's what he is all the time.
I know we should wait for muller, but can our country afford to wait that long? He cut chip for the kids, now all substitutes for poor ins
Is there no one with an R by their name with the courage to begin the process of riding this country of the menace called trump?

The man baby is evil...that is all...isolating the US from world with Iran deal....he is evil
IF THIS Is the only way to decimate this abhorration, which served those who created it with a windfall of $$$, then THE DEVIL GETS HIS DUES
Bible - I John 4:20

The nonpartisan CBO estimates this will raise premiums by 20%. The President is destroying health care to make a political point. https://twitter.com/politico/status/918647301689827328 …
Dems already did that with the aca
The CBO was completely wrong about Obamacare! STOP THE BS!
No, they were in the ballpark but making so many significant changes at the same time makes forecasting difficult
Really, well you’ve heard about opinions...
Read your link:"Projecting the economic impact of major pieces of legislation is a difficult task with substantial amounts of uncertainty."
That uncertainty should be added to the equation!
Executive orders cannot reverse a law passed by Congress. ACA was Law passed by Congress, yes? If so, how does trump Exe.Order effect ACA?
Wasn't DT. Federal judge ruled then unconstitutional because they weren't part of the ACA. Added later to help hide the cost.
Oh 20% what will we do? No body cared that after ACA premiums and co-pays skyrocketed. This pushes single-payer agenda. Get used to it.
Short memory: pre-aca people were complaining about higher increases and worse coverage.
Then stop him it is congress and the senate to serve the best interest of their employer the citizens of the United States of America
It's more basic than that. Drumpf wants to destroy the Black Man's legacy.
Why don't you have ACA (obama care)?
Invoke #25thAmendment  you guys have to see the signs of his dementia. All of you @JimInhofe @jameslankford @RepMullin  are #Complicit !
This is not a ‘political point’. This is an open attack on vulnerable citizens in this country by a vindictive person.
No Dicky.  You guys destroyed healthcare to make a political point.  ACA premiums have been out of control long before now.  Liar.
Trump is void of any feeling for people that are not wealthy! How can he be stopped for the good of Americans?
@POTUS don't care- it's not his money.  He's probably getting a kickback from Insurance Companies
Only the HEALTHY , WEALTHY AND WHITE  WILL SURVIVE THIS ADMINISTRATION.
Stop putting politics on the same level as death harm & hardship to millions POTUS is harming Americans. Nothing else is important 
You opposed him to make an political point. He raised the stakes and called your bluff
Well let's get rid of this idiot. We need to stop complaining and take action.
You forgot to mention $7B subsidy illegal & ruled such by courts. Seems you always leave out certain details. Are you beginning to work yet?
25th Amendment Now.  You need to get this done soon.
Medicare for All!
So do the pro Obamacare groups have their pleadings seeking injunctive relief ready to file? Certainly hope so.
This is TRUMPCARE now 
Make him own this disaster
This will hurt his supporters worse than anyone other group I feel bad for them they've been bamboozled....
And then he'll blame ACA even though he's doing the destroying. What a hateful, spite filled creep.



Is there nothing that can be done. He is doing this to hurt American's due to his own ego and hatred for @BarackObama  Please HELP US!!
Stop him!!!  Remove him!!!
Let's impeach him
And OBOOBOO didn't?
Perhaps now he has your attention Senator, fix it! The plan sucks and no one has a solution!!!
He is crucifying the Amer pp. How long does this list need to be before he is removed?  He literally just signed millions of death cert.
No you destroyed it dickie he is trying to fix it
We should seize all of his property and sell it to get back what he is wasting on golf trips.
Ok everyone.......Durbin spin time.
Well I have asked everyone before you are they stupid? But I know you are stupid!  There has been 20+% increases every year since you voted this disaster in and without knowing what the hell you were doing you are hurting USA so please resign!
Shameful-still
Trump is attempting to show America what happens when his idiotic whims are not catered to. A childish tipping over the table when he loses.
Translation: Trump is ending an illegal bailout of Obamacare insurers.
Political Point? That jerk is Godzilla. A reptile destroyer. Indiscriminately squashing & breathing fire. No plan but destroy. He’s awful.
#ImpeachTrump
NO, you political whore. You are already forcing insurers to subsidize one group of policy holders from others, a form of taxation.
Please explain Senator, how sabotage has morphed into a political point?  #ACASabotage
Oh puhleeze don't be an A$$
That's what Obama and his gang of crooks did robbing working class of ins to buy votes.
Rather than talk and whine introduce legislation and make Republicans vote on it.  Impeach Trump. Enough
No, this is to get back at President Obama for publicly ridiculing him. "Thanks, Obama"!
*nonpartisan
I want to know who is coaching him on this!
Correction: 45 is destroying American people to make a point.
Is there a plan to save American's healthcare or will the government watch Trump fiddle while he burns healthcare?
@politico he is helping get rid of the subsidies to Big Insurance. That the kind of thing you #superdelegates encourage
HC costs under Obamacare go up almost that much annually, and plans aren’t even useable!
It's pretty obvious.
THE DNC NEVER DENIED THE CRIMINALITY OR VERACITY OF EMAILS EXPOSED BY WIKILEAKS. 
DO YOU DENY YOUR COLLUSION WITH THE DNC DC CRIME CARTEL ??
@SenatorDurbin please don't just stand by.  Do something
Still waiting on my $2500 savings from the ACA
And that point is what?
Sorry Senator, no more free lunch!
Invoke the 25th Amendment. It may already be too late to save our Democracy, but please avoid a nuclear holocaust.
You knew this was coming yet where were you on the Sunday shows?  Where were you on the weekday cable shows?  Where are the Democrats?
Can some lawyer PLEASE explain to me why this isn't an offense that could have him impeached then removed from office?
Reminds me of words from/movie "WallStreet"...."why?...."because it is wreckable".  Thus POTUS does this 2 our country for his own ego.
Better then the 200% obama care did most of us.

Yes, he is now attacking the citizens.
Obama already ruined healthcare
These payments were not appropriated for by Congress as mandated by the Constitution. So you ask where did $ come from? #fanniegate @POTUS
Obamacare isn't sustainable on it's own, why do taxpayers have to help bail it out every month
