GOP's Obamacare repeal bills threaten huge disruptions across the healthcare system http://lat.ms/2sFqA7l  
Have you bothered to talk to anyone who's Hurting because of Obamacare 
I didn't think so doesn't fit your Propaganda
Haven't seen trump talk to anyone it has helped
Because it hasn't 
They lost their Doctor
Their Premiums went up
Their Deductibles went up 
and medicine like Epipens and Prep Skyrocketed!
You just keep drinking that orange kool-aid 
Doesn't matter if your a rep or a dem thus health bill will hurt all
There has always been Medicare Medicaid even Stroger Hospital 
I have had Health, Life and Auto insurance since I was kid working retail 
Like I said turd hasn't talked to anyone that the ACA has helped 
Have a good day
He talked to real people in America and they told him how horrible Obamacare was 
Its why @realDonaldTrump won the #RustBelt #MAGA 
Want to blame anyone 4 a FAILED #Obamacare? Blame @POTUS44 & @TheDemocrats.
Incorrect!!  Quit hiding the truth about disgusting Obamacare!  Need to remove all memories of the last 8 years!!!  Bad for America!
Obamacare was worse, why did you support that bill.
We are counting on you to do everything in your power to stop this horrible legislation
Obamacare the unforgivable care act! Complete scam for a government take over. Marxism
You continue to falsely discuss Healthcare for USA. You'd say anything to keep your job The American Healthcare Act(notTrumpcare)will pass
Trump then explain to everyone why it started when Obama was still "president"?
People have memories.Your LIES won't work.#VoteConservative
More significant is the fact that voters don't agree with democrats so you have no power!   I told you Obamacare was a bad idea #listen
I take issue w/ your argument of repealing "the ACA". My med needs don't care what it's called. You Dems need to get to facts of importance!
One plan fits all isn't needed. Create several plans. Let patients choose one with benefits they need. Remove the DAMN Rx Tier System.
What have you done to make the ACA better??  Nothing. Stop complaining and do something. Talk is cheap.
You got wrecked by @brithume & @SenJohnBarrasso. Just can't answer those tough questions  #Obamacare has been an abject Democratic failure.
Thank you for continuing to fight to stop this healthcare bill! The American people are grateful that you stand for us.
I'm not greatful.  Obamacare sucks and we need to make changes.  The Republican bill is 100 times better.
Thank you Senator. We are counting on you. Keep fighting.
Thank him forn wha?  Just complaini9ng and doing nothing?  Get real.
Stop lying to the people. Obamacare less coverage for more money to those of us who hold a job.
Read #TrumpCare And #CBOSCORE 
Your costs will DOUBLE You won't have employee insurance with #TrumpCare Heaven help you if jobless or sick
We survive before Obamacare. Employer provided Healthcare covered more for less money.
Sir they do not agree with the Democrat bill as well. ACA is a joke.
Please help us! Hard to digest tax cuts to wealthiest being paid for by lives of the poor and wallet of middle class. @SenatorDurbin please!
Hey Liar, I received my Ins Increase notice from $439/1000 to $1988/6500 in JULY, Notice of INS Leaving in October, BEFORE Trump was elected
DO NOT QUOTE A L.A. paper ! You are from Illinois & it is a mess !!!! I will fight tooth and nail so that you are NEVER elected again !
Your right dick maybe because there all liberals we should just let Obamacare implode
Durbin, you are embarrassing yourself by blaming Trump for the failures of Obamacare. Really lame!!
You don't have the right to criticize Reps for a problem Dems created especially since your still part of the problem. If Ins Co leave bc of


BTW, ACA of it's on accord is failing. Just get your butts in there and work on it. You're paid to govern & not to obstruct. Disappointing.
I spent 30 years in Healthcare & Research. I've been to every Hosp, Corp, Research Cntr, & Rx manufacture in the US. Call me.
Senator. Why don't the Concessional members work out details with the docs, hosp, & Rx wholesalers. Get rid of Isur COs & retail Rx outlets.
I'm a pediatrician in IL and member of the AAP. It's clear the ACHA does not value kids health. VOTE: NO #KeepKidsCovered #DontCapMyCare
Be honest and produce proof of allowing Republicans in meetings of Obamacare and video of public hearing on Obamacare. You are such pigs 
@latimes shame on you sir. Lying about why the insurance companies are pulling out of Obama care.what insurance do you have?
As 1 of ur constituents, we have had a 75% increase in our premium, one plan available, lost all our doctors of 12+ years-IT'S NOT WORKING!!
I'm really concerned that since you took$ from defense contractors, are you now taking $ from insurance co
The ACA has failed, and you dodged Brit's questions on @FoxNewsSunday .

We're $20T in debt, borrow to fund the gov't and dems don't care!!
More choice, local control, and ending the mandate & mandatory items in the plans Will solve the problem
How do you know a Liberal politician is lying. His lips are moving
Funny coming from someone who cannot manage his own state's budget.
The ACA was predicted to have huge increases well before Trump was elected. It's why you pushed off full implementation after 2016 elections
You are wrong i pay 400 more a month then before Obamacare I have a 2500 deductible the working class cannot afford this
Able bodied People shouldn't be on Medicaid
Insurance companies were raising rates PRIOR to Trump becoming president.  You lie.

Drug companies should NOT be allowed to advertise on TV. It's disgusting.  How do they pay for their commercial?  Oh yeah .. overcharge.
You wouldn't even answer Hume's question. You are a typical Senator who loves to buy votes with money we don't have. Libs will bankrupt U.S.
You and your party did NOTHING to go after drug company price gauging, which still goes on.  They are the crux of the problem.  You know it.
STOP JUST WORRYING ABOUT #freeloaders If DEMS don't start taking care of #middleclass #Taxpayers YOU'RE GOING TO LOOSE EVERYTHING
Obama Care broke the health insurance infrastructure.

If this was a lucrative defense contract Durbin would be all over it.
As a multi #preexistingcondition I don't agree either! Please, please stop this!!!! I'll never be able to start my business bc insurance
Obamacare fits us here Dick. Wtf are u talking about Mr Irrelevant
No, we a stop to your march towards socialism.
You are bad for Illinois
How come 75% did not like obama care and now they are all for it. You are caught in your own lie
@SenateGOP Voters don't want to subsidize WelthFare with HealthCare cuts; voters say NO to the United State of Kansas
Dickie, doctors want as much money flowing into healthcare as possible! Gotta make the @Porsche and vacation house payment
Senator Durbin is making sure all illegals get everything they need, while He inz VA has roaches in food, we are busted broke as a state Thx
Schools may not reopen in Fall, Dems gave your great grand kids' desert to the unions to stay in power. My property taxes are over 10K yr.
Now they want to raise income tax again!  Murder in Chicago is an international scandal. Net out migration is higher than it has ever been.
Thank you Senator Durban. Please help us get rid of rep. Peter Roskam.
Roskam is here to stay.. Not enough of the free shit army in his district!
So present a better plan to the public instead of just doing nothing or complaining. I want you to stand up & work for us.
Actually you are bad for America
Senator Durbin cares about working people.
ROFL That is the biggest lie I have heard this year!
But few outcries from AMA! They're not happy, but don't see them lobbying Rep. Senators. Shame.
And so is $1500 dollars per month health insurance bill with a 15000 deductible. Dummy up 
And so is Obummer care, brother!  We don't want SOCIALIZED MEDICINE!  Fix the PIpre-ex ban, cap costs, and fix Medicare & Medicaide.
not to mention the loss of jobs across the entire health care industry, good for the economy???
