Stripping what women's health care? Perhaps u r talking abt murder of infants, synonymous 2 Dems w Women's Healthcare
Abortion rate drops in areas with PP, but if you think embryos/fetuses are infants then you shouldn't mind delivering them right away.
I don't believe ur #'s,we were told PP was not doing late term, yet cont. Uppl that believe n this need 2 pay 4 it & not involve rest of us.
...it hasn't been paid for by taxpayers since the 1970s. Hyde Amendment. Believe whatever you want, it doesn't change the facts.

the author of that article works for an institution that defended the tobacco industry despite their own research. http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/American_Enterprise_Institute …
There are others, +women were on tv who worked 4 PP. PP uses misdirection, 2 get cash, sell baby body parts
Literally a GOP investigation of that found no wrongdoing, and video makers have been arrested as felons.
if they're an "abortion mill" then why has the rate of abortions dropped in areas with access to Planned Parenthood?
better yet, data in this article and WaPo as well.
never mind that GOP led investigations found that to be untrue. And if fetuses are babies, you're okay with a first trimester delivery?
Unbelievable! @PissedEgg & I are exploding into a salad of anger. #resist
The ACA isn't working It doesn't include Disabled We pay mandates fees and penalties Will you let GOP fail even if Dems further hurt IL?
interesting how the "party of small government" finds no government too small to legislate uteruses.
We need to stop paying for viagra since a limp dick is Gods way of telling men enough sex. Why should I pay for  if they won't cover 
Idon't think Viagra is mandated
It's covered. As are prostate exams.
Sorry I just you were answering above
I can't wait until Pence meets the Pope!  He steals from poor gives to rich. This Pope all about the poor. They are not Christians
Dear @GOP why do you hate women so much?Threatened by the fact that you can't control your chattel any longer?
The same can be said about using our tax $ to pay ...fill in the blank. Then have Gov tell hou u feel
Hmmmm....what r u talking about?
No one is saying make a crime out of it, they are saying why should I pay for it.  Minimally, there should be discussions
National disgrace! Pence is no better than Republican#45 he is just a more polished turd.
Thank you for standing up for women Senator... shame that @VP wouldn't defend half the population
@diaryofthetrump @VP Where is @IvankaTrump? Oh yeah, she's #complicit.
@diaryofthetrump @VP 2018 can't get here soon enough. But #russiagate will be there to screw with election AGAIN. mofos.
Senator, please, this has to stop. Dems must find a way to staunch this vicious conservative movement.
Another sad day in this administration
How can this happen? You think you know what it's like to have a female body? Men are just idiots a lot of time.
Will there goes my premiums,The republicans could care less about the poor.
There will be more births,welfare,botched abort's & e.r. usaged.My ins.went up this month,now it will go up even higher.
Regressive policy making is the Repiblican specialty! They seem to want to deny American women agency and equal rights.
@SusanDanzig219 @VP This Is Not Right @SenatorDurbin!!!!!!!
We won't forget how they voted. Looking at you @SenBobCorker & @SenAlexander. I contribute to campaigns & I vote. Used to be an independent
why should my tax money fund abortions?
Keep working for us, I appreciate you!
Abortion mills, not real health care providers,
Nope - you are un-educated about women's health.  How many Pap smears have you had?
You're embarrassing yourself and the people of Illinois why don't u do something about the taxes in the state so people stop moving out.
Would Dems not do the same thing? Be fair and work together! More important now than ever! It is our lives you are deciding on!
Killing babies isn't healthcare. The Hippocratic Oath forbids it even.
It is true PP provides education and other services. But it is also true they do over 300,000 abortions per year.
BS @vp just saved the lives of many future women! Stop the murder factories from receiving tax dollars!
BS they cant prove what money goes where and they do very little except abortions!
Well, I guess they forgot that women can vote. Or do they plan to take that away, too?
They want to silence the powerful voices of women which Shameful! We won't take a nap next election!
And yet nothing it done to stop this insanity.
Thank you for standing with us, Senator. And shame on Trump and Pence for hating the people of this country.
And we will remember every single one of these Republicans come election time. And SEND THEM HOME.
What is wrong with these people??? Disgusting
No one is DENYING a woman her right to an abortion. She just has to pay for it. Sex changes should be the same way.
If a woman wants an abortion she can pay for it herself. Stop burdening the tax payers with these murders.
No Federal $$$ go to abortion See Hyde Act
That has already been proven wrong with hidden cameras at PPH. They just use paperwork to hide it.
The people who doctored that video just got hit with charges in Ca
It's California. The Feds r looking into the video thing about bringing charges on PPH. Either way it's out & everyone sees what they do.
Wrong
So in one way or another the Republicans are content to attack women and women's rights. Remember this elections are coming and u will lose
Not true at all -- I've been treated for everything from UTI to Strep Infection.
It's awful that these people hate women. Yet, all came from women...
So Hilary stood no chance when we combine GOP men's disdain for women and Russia's belief that Trump would ruin us. Makes me sick. I do vote
@SenateDems @VP Lol know that's not correct and you know it!...  Brainwashing fools.  I hope karma comes back to you...
@SenateDems @VP While voters distracted by 45s antics, GOP in Congress destroying our Country2018 can't come soon enough!
@SenateDems @VP   See the thing is, We know what your doing.  Using people who don't know better & dividing for you're gain.
"Better Call Pence"
Why do Republicans hate women?
Women will vote them out!
women voted for this butthole for President...also many of the Reps and Senators...I will never understand it..
Too many smears out there #SenateIntelligenceCommittee
@SenateDems @VP So tired of people with penises legislating for people with vaginas! 2018 is coming!
The @GOP war on women, working class, poor, should make 2018 a great year for Democrats!
@SenateDems @VP no one is "stripping" womens healthcare. stop lying.
I bet you believe the earth is flat, too, Skidmark.  
hyperbolie doesnt make me wrong.
Maybe.  But your flagrant & willful ignorance of the issue does.
then make a counter argument and stop attacking me personally. seriously, how old are you?
It seems they forgot how they got here. Just disgusting
Just so you know we are taking names and will actively campaign against you for everything.  RESIST
Because old white men know more than women OR their doctors. WRONG..
Theres no such thing as womens healthcare from @PPact @PPFA
.@SenatorDurbin @SenateDems @VP this is a sad day for American Women. Shame on Pence, destroyer of women's health & well being.
A little dramatic calling 2 republicans bipartisan opposition. This is how fake news gets started.
...oh well.
Another attack on women by men who are afraid of them. I think if you have a di¢k you don't get a vote on women's issues.
typical of this administration. Taking away valuable resources to make a point. Cruel and unproductive. Predictable
the war on women continues with this administration
What a disgrace!
@VP
They signed their doom.
This attack on women's reproductive rights and healthcare is discouraging and relentless.
Illegally using a writ of attainder while the GOP strips us of our due process rights under the constitution.
LOL. Demagogue much?
SO WHAT - DEMS DID WORST THAN THAT IN THE LAST 8 YEARS!! PAYBACKS ARE A BITCH!!!
you seem nice @SenatorDurbin @VP
