With So Many Obamacare Repeal Options In Play, Confusion Reigns http://n.pr/2ueNb9Z 
1/2 Look, govt HC makes people too dependent on the govt. Millions of ppl depend on govt for HC?
2/2 Why not give Insurance Companies incentives for competition. Incentivizing IC's to compete will lower HC cost, and cost less for govt.
too dependent on the government? Where do you get your water, and power? Where does your trash, and septic waste go?
People can go out and buy HC. You can't buy trash pickup or septic. HC has been monopolized by the govt. Let the ppl run HC.

1/2 Here's the problem with that argument. The govt has already monopolized these industries. And somehow that's better?
2/2 At least let people make money in these industries instead of costing every American tax payer. I'm only talking about healthcare though

http://time.com/money/4503325/obama-health-care-costs-obamacare/ …

rates went up, but they were already increasing. The rate by which they increased decreased after the passage of the ACA.

http://time.com/money/4503325/obama-health-care-costs-obamacare/ … 
You DemocRats are funny. You gave us a crappy deal. Lied about it. Expected us to pay for it. Now that is broken you won't help fix it.
what do you feel is bad about it? Also repeal and replace is, by definition, not fixing it.
The fact I have to pay 900 + for HI a hike of 200%. Lost my doc of 10 years. I hate the current coverage.
what do you think insurance would cost if we didn't pass the ACA?
Less than what I'm paying now. You had companies competing for your business. Not anymore. Plus a penalty if U don't get HI.
even though premiums were rising at a higher rate before the ACA was passed?
A 200% rise is crazy. I can understand 10 or even 30% which is still somewhat high, but 200% is robbery.
imagine what they would be if we did nothing.
Obamacare is what is collapsing?
Trump & Republicans are sabotaging Obamacare! Damn them!
I heard that the Dems are looking for a slogan. what about "For the people" and practice it.
Yet still all of Americans are in debt prison because not one person in Congress has the integrity to give us a debt free nation.
They signed the Norquist pledge not to raise taxes. A nation at war requires a war tax. We have none. Therefore: debt.
@SenateGOP needs to REACH ACROSS THE ASILE, Dems have to be part of the solution or we all lose
Any with deadly Cruz amendment should have an asterisk for extra kill points
Seems like a consistent pattern that shows they're not really concerned abt covering Americans. Their ONE policy is to funnel $ to wealthy.
So much winning..
Prove it!
You believe CBO, I have a bridge for sale. CBO has never gotten anything right.
Just proved my point.
Republicans rip healthcare bill why don't Republicans rip Trump to impeachment proceedings is all the Republicans cowards
Still think you should have supported Hillary instead of Bernie please get out of my state
Dear Dick correct me if I'm wrong but I believe there are only 10 million on Obamacare now. How can it kick more off than are on it?
Anthony Rendon halted the single payer bill in california. Residents are so angry bec Cali could have led the way for the rest of us.
Thank you Durbin for protecting kids like my son who was born with a preexisting condition
Please only some Americans matter to you! Did you lose sleep in 2010? Millions lost health care and doctors. Facts
Fact: every time your employer makes a change you lose your doctor and maybe your benefits. Do you make a fuss about that?
We need to start looking at prescriptions.
Insulin cost less than $5 to manufacturer and yet I'm paying over $300
When are you going to face the number left uninsured under Obamacare? Do you agree the number should be 0?
What is that number? What are the facts?
you can google it as well as i can
Just as i thought, you know no facts.
it's 27 million. don't understand how you can be an anti-corporate liberal but such a huge baby about an anti-corporate socialist program
Another blank piece of propaganda. stating facts is more than just a statement. Your "baby" statement makes no sense.
1/2 I don't believe there should be any govt HC. Allow the market to decide HC costs. Free competition among insurance companies is good.
2/2 Just don't allow insurance to become monopolized, (like what govt is doing with it). It allows competition which in turn lowers prices.
What gives you confidence that free market principles apply here, and that FM mechanisms work for insurance? Many economists skeptical.
1/2 I believe free market principles are what America have been based on for a long time, and we are a very successful country.
2/2 It shouldn't be monopolized by the govt. It should be up to the American ppl what insurance they want. Govt spends too much $ anyway.
Got it. A very admirable but idealized view of markets. I agree we ignore them at our peril, but no panacea. Few economists would say so.
I understand your view. It's hard to argue against economists lol. That's just my view.
The CBO has not been correct for the past eight years? Please tell the truth Senator
Put them all in the trash. Burn the trash. Fire Ryan. And McConnell.
How many lost their ins. do to Obamacare and had to get a more costly plan with Higher deductibles? See you don't care about workers
Good synopsis. Touches all the salient points.
Rendon is another political prostitute who is now facing death threats from terrified californians! Those w/sick loved ones are enraged.
You people are not for real - you lie and fabricate - too bad there are so many uninformed that believe you!
No. American's Citizens say Enough of Your Crap. Repeal and Replace Obamacare. FACT.
Is it ripped away if not force to buy insurance one would choose not to?
All of the options are cold hearted.
@SenateDems Whats @SenateDems plan? #ObamaCare unsustainable & lead to greater suffering.
I would recommend working on the price of pharmaceuticals for a start, maybe create some form of reinsurance.
Such BS, more than half are Americans who won't get insurance because the Nazi Democrats aren't forcing them to purchase it.
Most of them will be #MAGA people, which is instant justice for those taken by a con-man.
@nprpolitics @NPR Honestly, @SenateGOP would add all these together & rip healthcare away from 123 mil Americans they could
Repeal Obama care now
Time for single payer, huh?
Democrats made health so expensive w/ such high deductibles it was & is worthless to millions.
http://time.com/money/4503325/obama-health-care-costs-obamacare/ …
Good Job Trump Make America Great again, after Durbin and the Crimocrats ruined it
Stick to your convictions Senator ! We need your help
Fake news from a fake senator
Quit lying. Health care and health insurance are not the same, and that's what happens when the government doesn't force people to buy it.
Need to go single payer, then we're done, move on to taxes, veterans, jobs. GET to work correct DEMS mistake
Not very confusing. They all suck. Thanks for fighting.
It's a Preventable Death bill.
Absolute nonsense
Doesn't look confusing at all. Looks like GARBAGE from start to finish. It's not eve about health care it's about tax breaks for the 1%. SAD
Seeing as how none of these bills got past the senate, they didn't actually strip anything from anyone. Don't be a sore winner!
One of them might be passed this coming week. Mitch McConnell is trying real hard to get the Kochs their tax cut...
My bad, then. Last I heard, Trump said to "let Obamacare fail" so I thought this was over.
Nope. They're voting on a motion to proceed with one of the healthcare bills next week.

Spread the word and #KillTheBill
How many of those "ripped" are declining insurance because the individual mandate is removed? Big diff btw losing and declining coverage.
well how many? can you show that is the case? Or are you speculating?
People wanted lower premiums, not to have insurance cancelled or access for vulnerable ended.
Why is the government involved in health care. Government big enough to give you everything is big enough to take it away.
WHATS THE MAGiC NUMBER
No matter how much #Democrats try to sugarcoat #Obamacare its a national disgrace, and failure.
explain why congressionals coverage 10 times greater than the average tax payer. make aca congressionals health care coverage problem solved
It's weird when people are free to choose how to spend their money they opt to not buy health insurance... #freedom
http://time.com/money/4503325/obama-health-care-costs-obamacare/ …
@Democrats are responsible for #Obamacare quagmire, Pelosi "You've got to pass it to see what's in it" - (Senators Perks & Tax Middle Class)
Wake me when you hit 57 trillion.
I think "steal" works better than "rip" - they are stealing from poor to give to rich after all. Paint them as thieves.
GOP does not know how to govern, only how to obstruct.
You are missing: No bill.
As long as @gop gets to kill a few million, they'll be happy.
Even The Count doesn't like those numbers.
Should government provide healthcare in the first place?
good question, I would say yes, it's a service like sewage, and water that we basically need.
Keep fighting for ACA, Senator Durbin All Illinois applauds your efforts 
@KatCapps @nprpolitics It's the Senate shell game. Who's gonna die who's gonna die. Find the pea see who's gonna die!

This is the problem!






Ah yes, who can resist the famous "choices" offered like a buffet of horrors by failing Republican leaders.
Seems it should be reversed when doing the work as requested by the American people by their votes. # covered by the new bill= ??
Trump believes that everyone works for him & demands total loyalty.  Only Congress can save our democracy. Impeach him Now
Why do they have such disdain for their fellow Americans?
That's bullshit.
Say Dick, what have you done for the Murder Capital of Chicago this session? Please explain!
You, just now:
*doesn't violently force.
Dick, what will happen to medical care for war torn Chicago if Obamacare is repealed? Do not be a Dick.
When Your Confused~ It means Someone is TRYING TO RIP YOU OFF!
And the ones that will die.
