Rewrite it. Only the kids. No one else. Bet u don't.
Dick, we're keeping Americans. Particularly those whose IQ is, apparently, a good bit higher than yours.
if the #borderwall is a #walltoofar, then #DreamAct will remain a dream.
That statement makes no sense. #literacy
They tore their families apart when they decided to be CRIMINALS by leaving their country to ILLEGALLY enter ours.
Very clear that repubs r using DACA to negotiate the wall. Don't comply, waste of funds. Start on some expired visas,  problems there too.
@SenatorDurbin Why don't you reach across the isle and stop instilling fear. Be a leader for a change. This fear mongoring is getting old
Still misguided, but at least he acknowledges making such laws is his job. I consider that a gain.
Just do your job
Best and Brightest? please.
For everything else that Illinois screws up I must say we have 2 of the BEST Senators in the US. Thank you @SenatorDurbin and @SenDuckworth
What are you smoking? Sober up & be honest.
Weird how you classify them as such? Have you met them personally? Saw like test scores? Anything besides wanting YOUR act pushed across?
Yeah your attitude is part of the problem not the solution.  No wonder people despise trump supporters.  People like you are septic.
Well done. Keep proving your intelligence.  I voted for trump it's "skanks" like you that give them a bad name.
Best and brightest? Are you kidding? #Hack
Absolutely love seeing your comments to things like this.   America is losing its mind these days.
Tweeting that the wall is a non starter is not flexible. We don't want to keep revisiting this issue every 20 years. #BuildTheWall
So our best and brightest are illegals?  Where do you belong than?
Families will not be torn apart. They will leave together.
America will lose their best and brightest. So there are no SMART and BRIGHT Caucasians in America.Then you and I are both in trouble.
That is a lie the whole family can be sent back no family has to be broken up
Thank you @SenatorDurbin ! #DACA
We support you please help the Dreamers! #DefendDREAMers
PC-BS. Obama-Democrats invited children to illegally come into USA without their parents You are really a sick evil liar. #DACA ILLEGAL
Had years to dream but not apply for citizenship.... illegal for a reason
Wow so American Citizens are not some of our best and brightest?? @SenatorDurbin midterm elections that's all I have to say
Here, here!
Maybe our best and brightest are being shoved to the back, let's take care of our kids first. No fault of dreamers but parents knew the law
Pass it and kiss your seat GOODBYE
POTUS doesn't care.  The sad truth.
As long as there's Wall funding in that dream act, I agree!
Mahbe you guys shoukd have done your job the first time, this falls on your shoulders
They should not be here!

They still want the cheapest cotton pickers they can get...
Typical Democrat, I think your analogy is unfortunately dead on.
If you are the best and brightest the senate has to offer I weep for the future.
Does that INCLUDE the criminals?
Our best and brightest???  Don't judge at all...
We aren't tearing them apart, they go as a whole family. Do you think we're that heartless? It's more than we give aborted babies
Then do it, and close the damn borders so more illegals won't just march in.
become a citizen and pay taxes
So, the illegals are now the best and brightest. ..hummm
Our best and brightest are foreign nationals? Pretty much sums up your entire position, doesn't it?
By what research methodology have you determined that every DACA beneficiary is one of "our best and brightest"?
"Best and brightest?"  Dickie, that's a bit melodramatic and certainly false. Are all of your supporters idiots to believe such drivel?
If they were so bright why did they not apply to become CITIZENS sooner!!
Please do you best to ensure DACA remains in place. I am proud to have you as my Senator, and I am counting on you.
Someday compare Jesus' teachings to that of the Pharisees whom he rebuked and see where liberals vs @GOP line up with. 
You may be shocked 
Hey cheeseball, u DIDNT FIX OBAMA CARE, U NEED TO DO TAX REFORM FIRST! U CARE MORE ABOUT illegals than AMERICANS?
So You Are Saying That Legal Citizens Are Not The Best And Brightest ..Wow.. I Will Let My Family Know How You Feel About Them !!!
Please help  dreamers its the best thing for america,Americans and dreamers can be strong if we stand together
Thank you for standing with these innocent people who have, in many cases, only known the US as their home. They did nothing wrong.
the govt will tear up the trumps n separate prisons. they'll never touch or see each other ever again after its all over @realDonaldTrump
You mean these? You treasonous pos.
so your saying american citizens are not the best and brightest your a traitor to our country,you just want them as voters.
Here Is The Democrats 'Best And Brightest' ..Say NO To #DreamAct http://www.illegalaliencrimereport.com/?s=Dreamer 
Obama did something illegal and now you lay it at Trumps door? When do you Politicians ever care half as much about Americans? Never.
Why should hard working families who are struggling to make ends meet for their own families be burdened with such an expense.
Aren't any of the best and brightest already here??? I'm all for level immigration, but stop putting them first. People HERE need help too!
Please, do not "bring best and brightest" into conversation. Congress already sold #H1B visa SCAM under these pretenses to Americans.
Pro-Constitution = Worst and Darkest
Anti-Constitution = Best and Brightest

This is Dick Durbin's thoughts about Americans in a nutshell.
Go. Do. Pass. Save
Yeah you keep dreaming Mr. Durban
our best and brightest "ILLEGALS" NO WALL NO DACA
@SenatorDurbin will all due respect gets busy and do it and put the politics aside!
How about the people in Chicago that are being murdered daily what are you going to do about that Durbin? How come you don't help Chicago?

Then get to work on it now!!!
Trump could care less maybe something bad should happen to his family then  he might wake    up
Work FOR Americans. Get Busy on more important Harvey Funds, you know? The Millions of Americans. TAX Cuts For Americans. #EndDACA
. Please include legal dreamers waiting for decades in green card backlogs in #dreamact. Law abiding & here since 1st grade.
Illegals before Americans! Yes We The American People are watching
This is on Barry Soetoro AKA Obama
Best n brightest thanks for snubbing my natural born Citizens you just made it sound like my kids aren't anything
Stand up for American citizens you jerk u have opposed my PRESIDENT on everything now u want to blame him hell NO! U better stand up for US
Start serving American citizens with the same urgency you have for illegals!
Good, maybe people will learn not to break the law.  Due in, no one trusts a word you say.  You literally hate America, and the American.
U honestly want us 2 believe ur gonna DO SOMETHING IN ONE MONTH? THEN the oreo needs 2 put a deadline on every damn thing he wants done !!!!
fix this!
So the illegals are the best and brightest,  bull crap. You could give a crap about Americans.  These aren't kids bTW. They are 20 yr. Olds.
We do not live in a dictatorship. Thank you @POTUS #TrumpStrong for making Congress act!
Yeah, but what about @POTUS if he signs a bill giving AMNESTY to #DACA ILLEGALS & ALL ILLEGALS? NO #DreamAct NO #BridgeAct
I am counting on the Repubs being 2 intimidated by Trump supporters 2 pass an amnesty, DACA, or DREAM ACT. We will have 2 hound them daily.
ILLEGALS can't vote.
BS!! American kids are the dreamers The rest can GTFO and you go with em if you want
You care more for Illegals than you do for Americans very UnAmerican of you...How do you not know the laws of the land?...ILLEGAL ALIENS...
Do you work for??Illegal Aliens or the American tax payer?It is funny when Americans brake laws we go to jail.Illegal Alien's get rewarded
Jfc.
So basically you are saying Daca participants are better than Americans? Is that what you just said?
DACA participants were given opportunities that were taken away from American children. DACA kids should be better off under Obama's plan.
What are you doing for the best and brightest African Americans that are dying in Chicago?
Screw the Dream Act, Americans first! Kill DACA!
Why is it libs can't determine legal vs illegal. Obama made an end run around const. dems are arrogant and anti law.
Don't forget to get Kates law done to it's just sitting there remember the kid that killed American kids
THE AVERAGE AGE OF DACA RECIPIENTS IS 22!
Carlos Ruben Rodriguez a DREAMER WHO TOOK THE LIFE OF A YOUNG MOTHER, WHAT ABOUT HER DREAMS AND THAT OF HER CHILD? IDIOT!
So, #Americans are not that good? Maybe becuase we don't vote for you.
I still can't get over this guy, I'm pretty sure he was trying to get some likes. Cause I'm perty bright, maybe not the best, but. #America
Way to go. Once again showing your hatred for your countrymen. Illegals are the best and brightest? No #dreamact
drama king! Best and brightest, where's those statistics come from? Do they get free health care, education, housing etc???
Should have passed some sort of act years ago, but noooo, you kicked the ball down the road.  Don't blame DT.
Shut up go and sit on the to list with that b s flush it all down then make you an appt with your doctor
You need help!
Seriously? Nothing on REPEAL & REPLACE Ocare, but scramble to help illegal aliens? This is why Dems keep losing. Ocare is hurting Americans!
Thank you - We are all #Immigrants #Daca
No America lost most of their best and brightest in the wars you politicians started best and brightest give me a freakin break
Let's put the blame where it belongs! Parents of these dreamers committed a crime! Obama acted unconstitutionally! Sleep good tonight?
Ok stop da y tweets and go talk up the Senators. Should take a week for a bill. Then tax reform . I'll wait
We know this....we're looking for congress to do something besides tweet and make statements. We want ACTION not words.
DO YOUR JOB!
I am a citizen what about my family!! Shame on you durbin. Thank you POTUS.
Thank you for introducing the BIPARTISAN #DreamAct - Keep fighting for the #DACAmented in #IL and across the US!!!!
How do you think your words feel to American students?
These dreamers are taking nothing away from you. Stop it, you spoiled brat.
This is all on your colleagues in Congress. @realDonaldTrump isn't destroying the country by himself #AmeriKKKa2017
If these 800,000 are our best and brightest in our nation we are in trouble. What does that say about the rest of us??
Best and brightest are lawbreakers?
You call Dreamers "America's best and brightest". REALLY?  What about the brilliant legal citizens? Nice message!
Cruelty, hate, fear are not brilliant
Then stop tweeting and Step up & do something!!! Stop resisting!!
The ball is in your court!!!!
CAN'T WAIT!  To vote you out!
Yes, so why don't you guys stay in DC and do your jobs!!!
While we're at it, let's take a look at The No Child Left Behind Act, the longest oxymoron ever written and a punishment for desegregation.
If I were POTUS I wouldn't vote for this until Healthcare and taxes are done.
What worries me is tying #DACA to full reform - Trump wants his wall and these kids should not be used as bargaining chip
His wall will be a waste of tax payers money, because immigrants don't only come through there. It's something that him and his followers...
Something needs to be done!
Thank you for fighting for what is right
What a phoney! What part of illegal do you NOT understand? You are supposed to support the law...plain and simple!
SUGGESTION: Dreamers should apply for humanitarian parole on basis of significant public benefit
We don't need open ended checkbooks at the expense of the American taxpayer..  But you know this..
We are losing our best and brightest due to this racist administration and our nation is on the brink of falling. This is the last straw.
illegal aliens, are the best and brightest? typical, never mind our LEGAL citizens and their children. talk about pandering to your base
Loose the criminal element too. Illegal is illegal.
the illegal aliens are the best and brightest?? WTF, never mind the actual citizens. Your such a f'n tool
You fail to mention that my tax dollars r being used for free lunches, the cost of hiring additional teachers, ESL, etc etc. I'm sick of it
This is about the stupid wall.
There is noting stupid about the wall......what part of illegal do you NOT understand?
Hey Dick: What about #Harvey victims. Remember them? #MAGA!
I have some faith and some trust that #Congress will do the right thing.  Prove me right. @SpeakerRyan @UassSenMcConnel @RepAdamSchiff
@LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorDurbin why in the hell don't you fix repeal and replace Obamacare before you fix #DACA?
