I’ll also discuss the importance of @TheJusticeDept serving the American people, not just the President
. They do NOT, I repeat do NOT, stand for ALL Americans Thank you very much.
. That what we are doing moron. Hard to argue with someone so irrational.
Very proud. As IL Dem voter (only exceptions in 30 yrs voting were Topinka, Edgar) I stand w/ you.  Now help banish Rauner.
How much has Soros & Soros funded groups contributed to you over the years this might help explain your world view
Geez. Just announce the position via all media. don't tease it in a tweet.
it better be against Sessions
Just called the office to thank you for the job you did today with Sessions. Please keep at it, there is a lot of smoke.
Watched this today with many of my coworkers. Thank you for standing up for minority rights. We're with you! #StopSessions
As senator you represent the PEOPLE'S position. We the people elected a president who chose Sessions. Please confirm.
I wish you showed this kind of passion representing the people of the South Side of Chicago & Southern Illinois
Job well done, Senator.
Thank you!
You So called Democrats just don't get what happened in Nov. Keep doing what your doing and you'll loose more seats in 2018
Really? While Republicans blocked a legitimately elected President's nominations, it was fine?
What Nomination? If your talk SCOTUS in 80 a sitting POTUS in the last year of term put a nomination in.
You need to RESIST. All Illinois Voters know you stand for Them. Stay Strong Resist Trump. He's Nuts.
I'm against him
Thank you for opposing Jeff Sessions. That's the Senator that has earned my vote. Keep it up.
no to Sessions!
Vote no on Sessions.
what did you vote?
IL constituent here. Plz vote no on Devoss and Sessions. Also no to Treasury pick as he screwed elderly n took homes.
putting up a good fight against the gathering storm. Thank you 
Please say #NOtoSessions !!
Voting NO to Sessions, DeVos merely a gesture. @SenateDems are spineless unless you filibuster and obstruct by all means
please vote against every single one and fillibuster the supreme court nominee. show some spine
call!
just did
duckworth's mailbox is full, which is a good sign
I have always admired your principles.  Can you and other Dems do anything to stop this train wreck we are living thru?
vote no on Sessions and DeVos!
thank you Senator Durbin!!!
Statements are not enough. You need to do everything possible to stop or at the very least slow down Sessions. From 60201.
THANK YOU!! Sessions is an incompetent monster
VOTE NO
Thank you for voting "NO" on Sessions. Please use that word many, many more times until Trump is out.
PLEASE don't vote for him. Millions of Anericans support you in doing the right thing. Sessions is WRONG FOR AMERICA
Please vote no on Sessions.  Also DeVos and Pruitt.  They are all unqualified and pose threats to the American people.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for your no vote!
Thank you, Senator Durbin.
for the love of god vote NO!
no on sessions!!!
That was an excellent speech. Thank you for standing up and doing the right thing.
as a constituent, I sure hope your position is not just no, but Hell No! Stand for tolerance, don't tolerate hate!
thank you for your no vote
thank you.
Thank you for that brilliant, impassioned speech opposing Sessions' nomination. We're with you all the way.
Thank you for standing against Sessions. Keep with it please. NO to DeVos and Pruitt and all appointees.
don't vote for Sessions! You need to fight against the dissolution of the nation and our civil liberties and values
I watched and you are why we need term limits. Time for you to ride off into the sunset.
I'm so proud of you 
I'm sure that was not easy due to your personal relationship
The very fact you won't announce your position until then tells me you are voting for Sessions. I'll never vote for you again
unfair
A+ work, sir. Keep it up!
Sincere appreciation for your competent, factual, rigorous testimony and opposition to Sessions.
Thank you for standing up, you make me proud to be from Illinois!
Thank you for your no vote on Sessions.
THANK YOU for your impassioned, eloquent, and extremely thorough opposition!!!
Just say NO!
Ur disgusting partisan attach on Sen Sessions character using halftruths & omissions. U r disgusting & unfair& dishonerable
We voted for change let the POTUS build his team
making the case people change with the example of how Sessions choose not to regarding mandatory sentencing guidelines.
passionate and intelligent reasoning on your no confidence vote for #sessions vote. Thank you!
thank you for your thoughtful comments against Sessions!  Keep fighting!  #ResistTrumpNow
I hope you say no to white supremacy
Watching now. Thank you for your very strong statements so far. Hoping a NO vote from you on Sessions is imminent
The hack job u did on Jeff Sessions is horrible. Globalism has ruined so many low income Americans, & u turned it into racism
Just say no.
The sentences for Crack coca in was for DEALERS, not users. Where's ur sympathy for lives ruined by crack. U r disgusting
These sentences saved hundreds of lives.
Please vote NO! Unfit to serve as AG.
The Cuban refugees weren't trying to KILL us. We weren't at war with Cuban's, but we r at war with RADICAL ISLAMISTS! #MAGA
.@SenatorDurbin better be a no or we will find another Senator. Plenty of options in IL.
Senator you are a credit to the state of Illinois and your country. #stopsessions
you're cheap pathetic attempt to blame @SenatorSessions for your demagoguery is exactly why the Democrats fail
Trump's ban of the 7 countries r the same 7 countries Obama banned for 6 MONTHS  Ur, sir, r an ignoramus:& unfair apologize
Great speech right now. We are with you!
Pathetic powerless Dems kicking and screaming like 2 year old children!
Illinois resident proud to have a senator that stands up for constitution, American people and #checks&balances
vote to confirm Jeff Sessions. Stop grandstanding!
vote No on senator Sessions!! #resist
Comparing Sessions to Nixon is, completely wrong. & ludicrous.
IL voter working in Canada expecting both my Sens to vote no. Extra points if you vote "Nyet" so Tovarich Trump will get it
is misleading and disturbing -
Another embarrassing liberal hack who has laid his integrity on the alter of democratic cultism. Shame on you!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for your clarity & heartfelt stand against #AG nominee @SenatorSessions #StopSessions @SenateDems @SenatorLeahy
John Lewis is a DISGRACE a lying RACIST and should lose his job. And Sally Yates has no Integrity no Character a DISGRACE
I hope it's no.
we are counting on you to as always stand w the constitution and the people of the US - no to #sessions
Play hardball on Sessions. Shut Senate down if you have to. He has no business being AG. NO reason to vote for him.
Tried to call you this morning to ask for 'No', but the lines were busy and the mailbox was full. Please Vote No.
It should be no!  We need an independent strong enuf to stand up to potus firings!  He thinks hes in celebrity apprentice!
Partisan Politics in full display. Disgusting!
it's simple no
senator, look st our divided country. I employ you to bring us back together.
Hopefully you will vote No.
Vote No
NO!!!!!!
@SenatorSessions Is a great choice 
You wont see him talking to @billclinton on tarmac while his wife in under investigation
Or gun running in Mexico: Fast & Furious. Where is ur outrage? Mexicans died.
vote NO!!!
im watching. Still hoping you #resist
your office line is busy, but I called to say vote NO on sessions and devos.
I hope to god you're voting no.
I was your constituent for 15 years, still a supporter. Please vote no on Sessions. No confirmations until Muslim ban lifted!
I hope it's a no, for all our sakes.
I guarantee you I will NEVER VOTE FOR YOU AGAIN and be proactive against you if you vote for Sessions.
any answer other than no and you'll lose my vote and anyone i know forever. do the right thing senator durbin. we need you.
Vote yes for Sessions AG. You represent more than the Chicago area of Illinois!
Crooked Hillary / Manchurian Obama /and Dirty Durbin.
shame on you!!!
It's no, right?
Thank you. :)
