Only one problem, DACA was never a law, only a decree from Obama, and an illegal decree as well, since it never had Congressional approval.
If you think defending DACA is the right thing to do and you're here to stay I have news for you you will be voted out DACA unconstitutional
Yah walker you are a Fake Russian bot with 44 Fake followers - Traitor
There R those (lobbyist), who want to see one America.  North America, South America & Mexico.  1st, desensitize Americans to invasion.  No!
Luis you are a waste of our tax dollars. Work with the president and write an immigration bill that can pass.

Another idiot that shouldn't be in his position.
and THAT my friend is why I cannot hardly stand to listen to you talk. You seem to think your people are entitled TO WHAT WE HAVE. why ?
Luis you do not have one single care for AMERICA in all this and you think America is here just to SERVE the Mexican people in whatever way
It's Illegal!
Trump stands w DACA. Let Congress do their job and figure it out.
You are wasting time defending a loss cause.
Those illegals are not here to stay.  Check those election results buddy, we voted for the rule of LAW AND ORDER, not Dem BS.  Go away!
Instead of defending a temporary plan why not work to get a permanent path to citizenship in place
Why not help these people & their parents to become citizens?
This is exactly how the Democrats increase the voters. Despicable and disgraceful but typical.
Obama even said that DACA was unconstitutional when he signed it. Trump is following Law and Order to protect our country
Screw American kids. Illegals come 1st. Your working for the wrong country.
Send them all to Chicago or LA
WHERE IS YOUR COMMON GROUND with anything the President wants to do?The hell with DACA How many illegals are having babies in US as we speak
How about find a way how Chicago can help TX they need our help They need water, clothing,food and blankets Let's not make them wait longer.
Congresistas paren de hacer victimas hagan una ley para salvar a los DACA basta hagan su trabajo ya!
Let's take care of Our Own Dreamers!
Time for you to lose your seat
Gutierrez is committing crimes against the American people. He is a tool for Tyranny
TAXPAYERS ARE NOT SLAVES FOR YOUR ABUSE OF POWER
Not Anti Immigration... Anti Illegal immigration.  BIG difference!
My husband done it the right way but still. There are threats to send him back. And the raised price ridiculous. 720 for citizen and 85 pic
Thank Rep Gutierrez.  My husband is a resident 32 years. They changed it we have to pay 650 every 10 years. So he is going for citizenship.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepGutierrez/status/903325686823256067 … (Ranked 39th for Aug 31.)

No u are not! You are breaking the law!
You are panicking. Your voter base is about to be eliminated.
ILLEGAL ALIENS- supported by self serving hypocritical reps defying the constitution, in order to get votes PATHETIC
Guess the owebama Congress should have done something on  this when they has control of congress. Not important then I guess.  Dems r haters
Stop giving us lip service
Remember, when they control Congress in '09 and '10, they have 60 votes in the Senate. No excuses.
Go to Mexico and be happy, Plz!!!!!
And what about kids who have disabilities? Do we just deport them? Please add a path to citizenship based on compassion.
Going to college or military service aren't enough paths to citizenship. Please add community service, job training/work history.
The American middle class taxpayer has had enough of worthless spending on illegals.
Nobody cares
Don't get rid of DACA. Vote NO
Thank you for opposing hate we don't need an Tifa I jacking our party
I'm sure the ppl of Chicago can afford a case of water or donate use cloths. I try contacting the mayor of chicago n I get nothing. Let's go
Senators We Are with You ROS Standing
U support illegal immigs of all ages.What a surprise. Trust IL is picking up tab 100% for DACA, or are you being so noble with Fed Funds?
Thank you for fighting the good fight!
Where is the Democratic leadership? Pelosi, Hoyer, Schumer and the rest: ABSENT.Always giving speech on the floor of Congress never in news.

You Hate America and America. DACA recipients learned lying cheating and stealing via deception from their criminal parents! DEPORT NOW!
Many adults under the DACA program should become U.S. citizens.I'm sure you agree.Why haven't they?
Defending daca is the same as treason
@Jenniffer2012 @ricardorossello  Except your homeland Puerto Rico.What a sell out.Shame on you!Just to let you know we too r here to stay!
A Rep saving others from being deported & getting them citizenship.Yet he protests against PR keeping citizen. Defended a terrorist OLopez
Why dont you fight to protect AMERICANS that are getting shot daily in your city?? AMERICAN CHILDREN SHOULD BE DREAMING BUT THEY ARE DYING!
Its been 12 years, havent done shit to defend nothing or to draw a bill that gets passed
You people think he's your friend. He is NOT. You have NO friends in the Democrat party.  Only more B.S. to get your votes! Wake up.
you place your ethnic heritage above America:  maybe we can persuade Donald to deport you:))
Bye bye daca.
Luis: you've been in office since 1993 & you're complaining now? Sorry but that's pitiful & sadly stupid
You should follow the law, if you do not then you word and honor mean nothing.
You should have changed the immigration law when you had the chance. But I guess Trump changing an executive order is a problem now?
YOU can defend all you want; what Obama did was ILLEGAL.  The court said so as well.  There is NO defending DACA.

Illegals means Illegal
I'll fight any law that allows an easy path to citizenship that further violates U.S. laws, Liberals don't concern themselves with the law.
@FBI @DOJ Arrest Gutierrez for aiding and abetting!!
You and Durbin need to be removed the two of you worry about illegal aliens, but have no concern for citizens.  So glad I moved out of IL.
#DACAGoingDown
The parents kidnapped their children, brought to a foreign land.  Why are they not citizens? Many daca did so legally, why wait.
And they shouldn't be
Pregnant burglar dreams of your wealth, B&E your home, has child in it #HeretoStay & you must support Burglar & child forever - reasonable?
Is that how your fighting crime in Chicago? Figures that's why it's gotten worse!
Then please tell me why NONE of you concerned People EVER created a pathway to citizenship?? Afraid of losing their VOTE?
Sorry for your luck.
Why don't you care about citizens. All about votes?
Because he is a Racist Latino Thug!!!
Why because they illegally vote for your party?
Here to stay illegally...or based on dicta in sup.ct. case. Take your dreams elsewhere.
A systematic effort by mexico to replace American with the "la Raza" and replace American voters and communities.mex benefits in the end.
Look at the damn line all middle aged Mexican illegals. If there were some diversity.but there isn't cuz it's a systematic effort by mexico
We need you now more than ever!!! #DefendDACA #migente
You should watch this video to refresh your memory.
Declare bankruptcy yet?
What's your plan of action. Rush green card these students.
Well then take down the American flag and put up yours finally.  Nancy is formally surrendering.
A lot of CA natives went to NM. Path to citizenship is the answer. not bashing the new guy. U are a lawmaker. do Ur job/B creative/PASS TAX!
A lot of CA natives went to NM. Path to citizenship is the answer. not bashing the new guy. U are a lawmaker. do Ur job/B creative/PASS TAX
Nancy Pelosi been a lawmaker/funding 30 yrs/Why have U not called illegals out of the dark by now? Ur passion in not 4 CA native/PASS AGENDA
Because she is a lying cockroach.  Keeping them illegal and dependant on benefits, and keeping their VOTES..  WAKE UP ILLEGALS
Extreme vetting
Quick question -- why is the noncitizen more important to the democrap party than the actual citizen?
You go too.
And you should be prosecuted! To the full extent of the law!
You are an enemy to The United States...and you freely admit it...incredible
LUIS YOU CAN DEFEND DACA TILL THE COWS COME HOME BUT OBAMA'S EXECUTIVE ORDER FOR DACA MUST BE REPEALED .  ALL DACA & PARENTS S/B DEPORTED
WHY I HATE TRUMP DAY 15
BECAUSE HE EXISTS!
BECAUSE HE'S ENDING DACA SOLELY TO
DESTROY OBAMA LEGACY!
BECAUSE HE HAS NO OR SOUL OR EMPATHY!
#DACA is an unconstitutional usurpation of Legislative branch powers by Obama Executive branch can't unilaterally rewrite US immgrtion laws!
better take care of Chicago first and the kids that are being shot everyday there.. tell me about u being there til the end of this
Absolutely. If illegal cheats have any dignity they should return home voluntarily and get in back of visa line instead of cheating evyday
AMERICANS FIRST DACA BROKE LAWS WE DIDN'T BUT YOU EXPECT US TO PICK UP THEIR LIVING EXPENSES
NO WE WANT OPEN BORDERS SO THE US CAN HAVE A TASTE OF THIS! #whitegenocide
I'm am not in your position but will fight for you !   Humanity !  How about trump wanting to not give fed relief to undocumented Texans
Why don't you have any respect for the contributing Americans
How about working with the White House to negotiate daca.   We need the dream asap.
How about immigration reform when you're finally done with your vacation.
AMERICANS VOTED AND WE WANT ALL ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS AND YOU OUT.
Wished you showed that much concern for all the gang violence in your district
You are inspirational and many, many of your colleagues should look to you as an example.
Too bad nobody can trust any of you corrupt politicians! So whatever you say is probably a lie!
Who exactly is 'we', Gutierrez? I was under the impression that you are a legal citizen. Are you an American or are you something 'other'?
DACA is about illegals having unrestrained sex here, having babies and "anchoring," taking our tax money. I will not support these leeches.
Human trafficking! Outlawed ©®™
