What about legal dreamers? #Fairness4Legals @SIIA_US https://siia.us 
Plenty (incl me) fighting for legal reform as well.  Disparaging Dreamers to get there is an odious tactic, though.
Thanks for your support. There was nothing disparaging in my comments since I stand with DACA folks. See the reason below why I question!
We don't want children holding legal status ignored. Unlike DACA kids, they never had EAD. Disqualified under DACA as they hold legal status
Agree with you 100% on principle and importance of the issue.
We CANNOT wait for legal reform, as by that point many of us will be driven out.Inclusion into #dreamact best reflects our immigration story
This viewpoint is not zero-sum, & help for both is not mutually http://exclusive.Legal  dreamers share an IDENTICAL story,& less benefits
How about some support from you for law abiding citizens that pay for all the crap you spew?
Grow up dude.
the dreamers
What about true Americans, Senator? Are we alone? Sure feels like it.
Talk to your president, he's making America great again, right  lost unemployment rate, the best deals, highest economy, need a hug?
As long as the statue of liberty stands we'll support you all
Dreamers, you are not alone.
As a politician from the rotten, economically defunct Illinois land, where is your heart for poor Americans including blacks?
NO THEY ARE NOT ALONE THEY WILL BE ABOUT EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSANDS ON THAT 
Bullshit! ICE spent $3.2 billion deporting 240k immigrants. No way will they deport +800k. You're all dreaming. Economic catastrophe.
IM NOT A DREAMER THEY ARE AND THEY WILL BE THE ONES ON THAT BUS
We stand with you Dreamers! You are not alone!!
You are correct @senatorDurbin.
Dreamers are not "alone" in this country.
How about telling our Veterans our homeless our poor the same thing. Oh wait! POTUS TRUMP taking care of that.
#dreamers #you are not alone "@SenatorDurbin: Retweet to tell Dreamers they are not alone.”

I support DACA! America is your home!
But it ain't. Their home is Mexico below us across the southern border
No it's not.
According to the law in order to become a citizen of America you have to complete a citizenship test and get your green card
Let's talk about law and order. #ObstructionOfJustice #Emoluments #MoneyLaundaring Or is your opposition just racist?
I'm not against any race I just don't like the ones who are in our country illegally
Skin off your nose, huh?
They are not alone  they pay their dues everyday when did this country become so callous
I support #DACA
What about them ? #fairness4legals
That's it? We are supposed to retweet to tell Dreamers they aren't alone? Why don't you concentrate on passing a law to make them Americans
DACA illeagel Overeach done by Kenyan Snowflake..Deport all illeagles NOW
Bot.
Lol. Deport all ill eagles.
Dreamers you are not alone. 800,000 of you had BAD  parents, making POOR & ILLEGAL decisions, on behalf of THEIR children.Blame your parents
Congress needs to get kn gear before it is too late!  Tell your buddies!
They won't be alone back in their own country making that country great again.
@Susandorasu 
AGREED
What about this families that were torn apart?They had dreams too. Hypocrite
What does that mean? You'll hold their hands as they're escorted out of country. Fix this now!
Gee what changed Dick?
If they don't want to be alone, they can go back to where they came from. Maybe they can take you with them!!
How about you do your job and then your dreamers would not be in this predicament.
Lets block @SenatorDurbin to show him we are american taxpayers and he IS alone.
Saw you on Morning Joe. You are awesome!  So glad you are my Senator.
Cause that's ALL you do is tweet. You had 8 years to actually DO something.
What abt the kids in your CHICAGO?
Where's ur COMPASSION for them, u hypocrite? Don't they have DREAMS? Maybe not. Just despair & neglect
Divider Dick...Enough noise on this subject, DACA. Get busy doing your work. While ur at it, do something for the pitiful state of Illinois!
Thank you four support 
No
You love illegals ,but hate 
and attack Catholics .You have become anti American. You should have been in McCarthyism era !
Heck with that: Call your representatives in Congress to tell Dreamers they're not alone.
Screw Dreamers. Bunch of CRAP!
Thank you for working so hard all these years. You are a true hero to all of us! This is THE year! #SiSePuede #heretostay

Thank you for your strength and integrity (from Ill).
.#Dreamers , you are not alone. Soon you will all be in a room with #ICE as your hosts and Daddy Durbin as your guest speaker.
Who do you think they'll vote for? The president that wants them to work or demarats who promises them my money? #donaldhappened  YOU LOSE!!
Telling Dreamers they are not alone is meaningless without full & comprehensive legislation to protect them. You can act now. Prez is white.
The last one was half white. Why is that important?
Yeah but Americans r alone in their own country . Disgraceful illegals come first no shame
You and T. Duckworth makes a Peoria boy proud. Fight the good fight!
Thank you Senator Durbin.
I'm grateful for your work with Lindsey Graham.  Hoping you 2 can pull off a bipartisan solution for the Dreamers. #Solutionsarebipartisan
#WE'REALLDREAMERS, Cynthia. Where's Durbin s compassion for our American kids in Chicago? How bout them. Durbin is a disgraceful hypocrite.
Re tweet if you think Durbin is a political bandstander!
https://twitter.com/daddyrocksvegas/status/905591354255753218 …
Isn't aiding & abetting a know criminal, against the law? Knock, knock, who's there? NOT CHER?
No thanks I stand with citizens and legal immigrants.
As did your ancestors. Native Americans should deport all of us. We're the ones who cause death and destruction. Declare war on everything.
Is that mo.Senator still in office
Sure but what are you going to do????
Legal dreamers aren't alone either
Oh dear lord
They  committed no crime.Why do they have to beg to get human rights. They should take their case to the United Nations. Human rights issue.
Being here illegally is a crime. Buy a dictionary.
580,000 DACA young adults are Mexican. Trump/GOP couldn't not resist getting rid of alot of Mexicans in 1 swoop,  GOP doesn't like Mexicans
I DREAM of a law-abiding, secure, sovereign USA & return 2 Gov'mt BY, OF & FOR WTP n which TRAITORS & corruption is prosecuted@POTUS MAGA
And IL will stand with them and Chicago has a no-Trump rule. I have hope.
I stand for kick Chicago out of Illinois. Chicago does not represent downstate values like law and order, living within your means,
Thanks for prioritizing this issue since 2001 as the first sponsor of this bill, Senator Durbin!  Now it's time to get the Dream Act passed!
Neither are Catholics
We've been  tweeting for 2 years now & we haven't seen ANY accountability! Why is that? What the hell is going on! EVERYONE TWEETS!! TWEEEET
they're not.  Their friends can be deported along with them.
Ask Cher. @cher
They have all of the people left behind in their home countries that could use their help & skills.
But they are alone, or will be in their new "home" in a country they literally don't remember. They're alone until your colleagues fix this.
Rule of law DACA IS NOT LAW
What about the poor American children living in poverty because of liberal policies? What do you tell them? Libs and 50 years lying 2 poor
2,139 DACA Recipients convicted or accused of crimes against USCitizens. Parents are criminals for breaking our laws & so are kids of age
Uh, we know they've got ALL socialist #demokkkrats with them bc illegals & dead (w/no id's) are your popular vote,  n'est-ce pas? 
Not alone they have each other and from what I hear a lot of them

I stand proud with the #Dreamers! 
Get your tee: http://a.co/9lgA7X1 

#DefendDACA #DefendDREAMers #daca …
I'm tired of tweeting and reading tweets, & getting nowhere. I'm tired of the WH using twitter as an official outlet.RT this if you agree!
Now is the time for the DEMOCRATS to compromise. Secure our borders to get Dreamer Act. #DoYourJob
I agree
It's time all good humans in office set parties aside. It's time to do the human thing!!
Well, If there is a way to help them, I'm in.  
Adopt one then,
How about House and Senate do their jobs and protect them, listen to us, take back our country from horrible @realDonaldTrump and @vp
Retweet to tell Durbin voters their less important than DACA and all illegal aliens in IL. While IL nears bankruptcy and Chicago war zone.
Senator: Can you like to let me know you're listening
Dreamers have all their fellow Mexican citizens down in Mexico!
Not sure how that helps...
