Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago. What is going on there - totally out of control. Chicago needs help!
you mean like 30 years of democrat rule has provided in this state?
@RealDonaldTrump ~ YES DONNIE! you have made time to do everything except offer federal funding to assist Chicago.
yeah because more money always solves problems
More money rather than more guns. TRump, all talk and no action
Weird how the previous president didn't address any of those items.
Weird how (D) senators didn't even ask POTUS to fix.
He's been President for a month, where was your concern for the past 8 years?
it's an article about more gun regulation not economic development, asshat.
no you can't or you wouldn't have muted me. Also, doesn't call out Obama 
who said I was "muting" you... #crazytrain
I did. When a tweet drops down but doesn't show up in my notifications it's because you muted after the tweet.
you're seeing people like the tweet so you looked and responded. You're not very good at this. Next time you send a link
I am happy President Trump tweets. As your constituent, I'm disappointed in my State's lack of fixing Illinois' problems!
Trump is the hardest working president. GO urge libs to do some real work!
@Nolisph He can tweet to the American people, leave his 1st amendment rights alone!
Shut your single digit IQ right wing pie hole. Grown ups are talking.
Spoken like a good little fascist.
Dick, It's nice you finally care after years of violence. How about asking the governor to request the National Guard?
we are sorry to inform you that funding for your request had been redirected to presidential golf course security. #maga
It's hard reach someone with his narrow vision, you can Not run government from tweets....100 days probation 50 days left !
I keep seeing blame the dems ok. So moving forward, blame the dems? This is a new year the Trump era make it great again
Sir Rahm does not want the help? When are you going to understand this?
You have turned Chicago into a hell hole and now you want federal help? This is what happens when you make govt your daddy!
What did you & Obama do to stop the violence in Chicago? Give Trump time & he'll clean up your mess. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Rahm and Rauner need to fix this now
you and Rahm need to fix this problem you allowed to happen under DEM leadership
I think it would help if the Gov also helped fix an issue in the largest city in his state  Working together would be better
Yes Rahm should work with @GovRauner.
how long have YOU been in a position to do something about Chicago?  You are an embarrassment to Illinois!
Why do you refer to him as "president"? He's an illegitimate leader whose campaign colluded with Russia to win the election.
what is in Chicago that he wants, St. Louis is the #1 murder capital in America.
Republican fixing  something god help ur lying mouthing.
-he said as he teeeted about the state he's represented forever by following the party line. #follower
What have U been doing about the problem, Senator? Apparently only #grandstanding along with #Former president Obama.
and education. With play based, not test based, resources. And the arts. These children need a voice and opportunity.
where have you been for the last 8 years on Chicago violence? Oh, wait, letting Obama take us down the tubes. Good Job.
@realDonaldTrump What's going on is you're busy tweeting instead of doing something about it. Like maybe running the country.
Lay out a real plan for POTUS get Mayor Chgo. on board Stop bad words politics Dem/Rep classless. Your state IL make it so.
So you tweet to tell @realDonaldTrump to stop tweeting. You have been an IL senator forever.  What have you done?!?!?
At bottom line, it comes down to human needs that Republicans always block: funds for mental health, food, housing, etc.
Why don't you do something about the violence in Chicago?
Senator, it appears he has now violated the Presidential Records Act. Please take this up in Congress - stop the rampaging!
If he keeps being all talk, he shares in accountability.
he's been prez for a little over a month. Did you hold BHO accountable for the hundreds dead/thousands shot?
Trump is just exploiting for a talking point. Is not talking abt what he's going to do about it.
Why don't you allow him a Cabinet to work with before you criticize because he's not doing fast enough for you?
Start with stop & frisk!
How can the R's help when Dem policies allow illegals and criminals full rein of the city? How do you love your sanctuary now
Dems have demonized police officers for 8 yrs. You couldn't pay me enough money to live in Chicago let alone be a cop!
Along the lines of what Obama did for Chicago?  At least Trump connects with the people.  The people who matter.
Oh yeah..tRump connects alright, fk tRump
Take responsibility for your state & its problems. None of this is on Trump. All of it is on IL Democrats including Obama.
Yes,so what did his VPotus do about violence in Gary, IN or Rauner in East St Louis? Is Chicago the only dangerous city?
unfortunately the clown in chief only understands how to tweet,  policy matters are beneath him
@shannonrwatts Donald doesn't get that he ~is~ the "help" now. What's he waiting for?
Your the freaking Senator from Illinois and you haven't done squat about the violence in Chicago in all your years in Senate
And yet again, here YOU are tweeting. How bout YOU get to work?
You saying poor people are more likely to KILL?If not,YOUR "cure" isn't.Weird how crime didn't rise during Great Depression.
take over that shit hole
Let's get that investigation going on the Russian connection. They gave you the keys - open the door!
@shannonrwatts amen!
@JZHoodie thank you Senator. If only
He needs his 5 sec lime light
HE won't do that?
Have you said one damn word in 8+ years about Chicago violence? Not President Trumps fault that YOU and BHO caused the crime
Senator, Fmr, President Obama ignored the problem,  President Trump is addressing it. Talk to your Dems.
@wsox23 Durbin for POTUS
Holy shit, do you know who was president before Trump for 8 years? 8 YEARS?! And who has controlled Chicago for a century?!
Chicago run by dems since ever, you had your own in the WH the last 8 years. What are YOU doing? At least you're #GunFree tho
You mean "Dead fish" Emanuel hasn't cleaned up that criminal Democratic mess yet?
so, why didn't the previous Pres WHO IS FROM CHICAGO not do a damn thing about it, nor the demorat legislature, gov, mayor?
where was this demand when Obama was in office.  He did nothing and you did nothing.  Man up and own it.
what about all the trips to Marlago? The cost US and profit to trump
@Republicanvet91   Your state has plenty of taxes to fox your problems.  Re-route it from corrupt relationships to the people
Parody account? Hard to tell for sure.
-By "Fed resources for Econ development" do you mean giving you more money to pocket instead of helping the poor?
How about Illinois and Rahm take care of that problem. Why do we taxpayers have to pay for your messes?
Your tweet suggests you and the Dem political machine will sit on your hands until big government comes in to fix everything.
and then piss and moan about what is done anyway...
Maybe you should start by stopping @TheDemocrats from stealing everyone blind in Illinois.
Century of Democrat control broke it--YOU all fix it.
Sir you are too polite. After @realDonaldTrump  declared war on the press you need to stop tweeting and fight back..
So why did you not ask Obama? Because you were too busy kissing his ass?
Why were you unconcerned about the Chicago shootings in the last 8 years? When is your next Southern Illinois townhall
Where was this concern last year? Other year before?  Or the year before? Or...
Why don't you start having the FBI investigate your fellow Democrats from Chicago who supports the gangs
Jobs? For who? Dem policies shove welfare and entitlements for Chicago poor. Ain't government grand? You broke it. You fix it
look inward senator. The blame falls squarely on YOUR PARTY!! Dems ruled that city for decades
Missed the last 8 years when the do nothing President did nothing? Oh yeah. He took over the healthcare system. That worked .
you had 8 years to do something abt the carnage in Chicago. You & Obama did nothing.
Yet again,you're a Partisan Parrot, and ignored inactivity of the last "President." Keep drinking Chuckles Schumer Kool-aid.
The last  so-called president was a homie from Chicago and you never brought that up, did you? @SenatorDurbin #SanctuaryCity
What have you done for Chicago's violence since 1996?@realDonaldTrump been in office for 34 days.
@POTUS the issues in Chicago are not insurmountable - when people feel valued they value others as well.
Thank you for doing this job in the (orange) face of such adversity!
Rise of anti-Semitism & Chicago violence. 2 things you said/did ZERO about while they became problems under Obama admin.
.@SenatorDurbin how does a guy like you get elected when all you've done is exacerbate Chicago's economic and social problems? #termlimits
Shorter Durbin:  "Please, Mr. Trump. Come fix mess Democrats and our failed policies have created."
Yet again, I urge the Pres to stop tweeting&provide critical fed resources for econ development, mentoring&jobs to address Chicago violence https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/834916167177371648 …
- exactly! Plus enacting common- sense gun reforms.
Durbin you have been in power in Illinois for decades, trump is not to blame  you are a #clownsenator
You've been in IL politics since 1983. That combined with 8yrs of Hope & Change have made things worse. Time for you to go.
Yell louder Senator, red or blue, were are all red white and blue. This city needs help. The Pres made a promise Hold em 2 it
maybe we need a new senator.. you've had plenty of time in office and things aren't any better..
Why don't you stop tweeting & do something yourself? I mean besides sitting around on your backside w/your hand out.
YOU stop tweeting! That's your city! YOU do something! You've had decades and no results!
You are the complete definition of insanity! @jamestaranto
where was your call for action while #Obama was president? Violence in Chicago didnt just start in January @DouglasToomey
So what about all this time the Democrats have controlled Chicago?? Turned it into a sewer and now you want help???
Unlike other people replying I understand that you, as a US senator can only do so much. It falls to state gov to fix this.
.@SenatorDurbin Hey Eddie Haskell... Democrat asshats have controlled Chicago for decades! Don't pin the blame for your errors on others.
Says the senator who rarely if ever visits Chicago, and never sets foot in the South or West side neighborhoods.
Obama was president for eight years....what'd he do?
@realDonaldTrump what are you doing Dick???  It's kinda your job to help spearhead this. You and Rahm are not leaders!
what have you and the Democrat Cabal been doing there for the past 80 years ??? asking for a friend
Senator, it's time to condemn intimidation of the press by the Trump administration!  This can not be allowed!
Yet again, I wonder why you didn't urge the now exited #potus to do just that? Your urging seems toolittletoolate
where was your whining when the Obama was in office? Hey, isnt Chicago a Dem city BTW? Can't fix own mess?
More money isn't going to help #Chicago. #liberalsaredumb
Tweeting is easy for Trump, working to help is hard. The President doesn't do hard.
@iGrowChi  The only Chicagoan getting it right on the S.Side is Robbinn Carroll @ I-Grow Foundation.  Study her.#elevateCHI
U & UR party has failed Chicago. U R shameless. Do your constituents have ANY idea how much IS FLOATING around? SOLD OUT
So you're saying you can't do your job.
Are you really asking him to send in the National Guard, Senator?
Can you ever get out of mid-night basketball mentality? City needs purging of criminals and gangs. Allow national guard
Sure, its Trump's fault that you screwed over Chicago residents with your corrupt government for decades.
Democrats built that. YOU fix it! @SenatorDurbin
Barack Obama's Chicago! @thedemocrats Chicago! You've ruined that city!
How about doing more than just Tweeting him back
Where the hell were you the last 8 yrs, never heard you to tell Obuma get off his ass, quit playing golf & address Chicago.
You just now notice this? Been in a cave the last 8 years?
if I'm reading this right, headline would be "Senior Democrat Senator Believes Only a Republican Can Fix Chicago's Problems"
or perhaps "Sen. Durbin: Democrat Policies Have Failed Chicago, Implores Trump To Help"
Have Mayor Rahm Emmanuel and the Governor of Illinois requested federal help? As you know they must make the request
The last time liberal shithole #Chicago had a Republican mayor was 1957. @SenatorDurbin lets the black and Spanish gangs run wild w/impunity
The police need more bullets, dip shit.
YOU are the problem. Liberal shithole #Chicago under Dem control for over 50yrs. What has your party done other than pander?
why didn't you demand Obama help?
@POTUS takes 30 seconds to raise awareness of Chicago violence with millions.  Tweeting seems to be effective use of time.
The simple answer is that he doesn't have the magic, secret answer he spoke of during the campaign.  If he knew, he'd act.
You've been there for a long time, what have you done?
hell ya Durbin you go dude
Why is this Trump’s fault? Dems have been in charge of Chicago for a century
.@SenatorDurbin Nice to see you're admitting you need help from Republicans since Democrats haven't been able to fix it in over 100 yrs.
What did Obama ever do to stop the violence in his HOMETOWN????
I urge you to stop tweeting and do something. How long has the city been controlled by Dems? Wth y'all been all this time?
.@SenatorDurbin Want to help Chicago, time for voters to dump corrupt, lawless dems like you and Rahm!
Talk the last president.  Remember, he's the one that "organized" this community.  Did you try to force Obama to do this?
Trump is demonizing Chicago cuz he needs to get urban votes next time. he's starting w/chicago cuz we shut him down
yet again Dick we urge you to retire. You've done zip while in congress!
What help did Obama supply during his 2 terms?  Partisan Bull Cookies from the Senator from Illinois.
And what in the hell have YOU done for Chicago, you hypocrite. Stop kissing Schumer-the-tumors ass and do your job!!
.@SenatorDurbin Seriously? For 8 years you have a President FROM CHICAGO who couldn't fix this, and Trump will in a month?
Did you urge President Obama to offer the same help for the 8 YEARS he was in office?
Did you demad that @BarackObama stop golfing, hating on conservatives & adding to racial tensions to help w violence in IL?
Are you?  Serious af question.  #Areyou
Yet this city remains a 'Sanctuary' for Illegal Criminals, gangs and YOU DO NOTHING but what Trump to fix in one Month?
The Past 8 years, under @TheDemocRATS control City State Federal has seen the Violence Skyrocket. YOU DID NOTHING! #Pathetic
Who the HELL do you think you are? NOT ONE WORD the past 8 years critical of Obama on this, as the Death toll kept rising!
why so concerned NOW, why didn't you complain to Chicago community organizer Pres Obama years ago, U made the bed you fix it
Where the hell was your sense of urgency during the last 8 years, when the President was FROM Chicago? @POTUS for 1 month!
so how's that slow walking cabinet nominees going? @realDonaldTrump needs his staff.
Yes, with so few Fed dollars going to Chicago, that's got to be it.
by that criteria the WH is running amok also. How many lies told by pressing & surrogates. Causing needless turmoil.
Hello idiot, decades of liberal policies got chicago where it is.  Continuing that will not help.
and yet not word from #POTUS regarding the #olatheshooting hate crime. Maybe because the terrorist was white,male?
We of #TheResistance know it's an uphill climb in the Senate. Do all you can, fight for us & we'll do our job out here.
Ever make a scene with Obama, no you didn't
Sack of incompetence... u dont deserve a federal tax payer rescue.  Dems have been pandering and abusing for years.
Obama got his man in there. You've been their Senator for 20 years. But you're blaming someone whose been office a month
Apparently your pleas to President Obama when unheard.
Shouldn't the incompetent leaders be replaced first? Otherwise you're throwing good after bad
Typical Dem reply, throw away more money. What about the last 8 years when you did absolutely nothing @SenatorDurbin?
@POTUS yes, they need help, what is your plan Mr. President?
dick you've been in Washington forever any reason you've ignored the problems in Chicago?
Why don't you call on that useless community organizer @BarackObama  He'll fix it for you
Chicago has been violent for Many years! Why don't YOU do something about it? it's your city. @POTUS KEEP TWEETING
Why don't you try working within your state to fix the issue vs. crying for help. You are so inept like the Mayor. #drainIL
it is your state..if u did your job the POTUS would not have to tweet..how can u be critical of this? #manufacturedmeltdown
Wow! you have to be kidding right? You screwed it up now you want him to fix it so you can take the credit? Damn the Hubris!
Chicago needs 2 control it's own problems! Why should US gov. get in it? Nope! Chicago made their mess, let them figure out
Trump has been @POTUS for one month. You have been Illinois senator for 20 yrs. Why haven't you done addressed violence?
Are you talking about Seco's 8A mentors?We should ask Kristen Marci About that AKA Kristen McConnell.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Um-- Dems have had the ball in Chi since before electricity. Now the slippery squid want to get serious about the toiletries
