women being Barefoot and Pregnant is what the GOP yearns to go back to!
I bet the next trend will be stingy employers believing in faith healing so they don't have to provide insurance at all
you hate American children! resign!
Taking us back years
An exemption to employers for sincerely held religious beliefs is the right call. Go fool someone else.
Sorry but Senator Durbin is 100% correct.  Birth control is also used to regulate hormones for women especially with endometriosis.
Birth control cost less than 20.00 a month.
Censure Trump!  He is abusing his power with reckless statements on Twitter -- his official means of communication.
@senrobportman keep birth control an essential benefit.  I benefited greatly from 22 yrs & counting of birth control. Women deserve support
First fix Chicago and you might gain some credibility.
You and your communist party are the most dangerous
Where in the Constitution does it say that it's the President's responsibility to handle anyone's health care?
But the unbridled hand of government is ok...right!
Wrong? So is a woman spreading her legs for every Tom, Dick & Harry!! If they want to Play let them PAY!!
Thank you for speaking out. Please do what you can to stop this madman.
I am saddened and very worried for all the women of this country. The GOP has launched an attack on women. Cannot be allowed. #fightback
Stop whining.There is no attack on women. There is an attack on terrible policy and terrible healthcare. #MAGA
Besides that it's none of their business! There religion should stop at their front door! This is nuts!
not surprising move from a pussy grabber, really.
Such an intelligent response! Keep up the good work! Crazy!
Truth hurt?
Nope.
Men and women have done it for years, but you never scared away from that.
So... Looking for lemonade, if hobby lobby denies birth control, does that mean they'll provide full coverage for birth & maternity leave?
It does NOT. Prenatal and maternity care is also not going to be funded. Pro life is a contradiction.
Hey Lynn are you the HR benefits manager for Hobby Lobby? I have some other benefits questions.
Have at it I’m at the ready.

#ACA
So as a full-time associate at hobby lobby if me and my husband have another child you're saying they will not cover my pregnancy?
CBO estimates Republican plan to add $17,000 for just that.
It doesn't do that, so why are you lying to the public?
So, what does it do?
Anyone who says taxpayers shouldn't have to pay for contraception.... I sure as Hell don't want to pay for boner pills or prostate meds
Again; typical Democrat move; Over exaggerated, Taken out of context and Sensationalize it to fit your agenda!
Repub slime.
I stomp on bugs more important than you.
I neuter things like you.
Just like a liberal to immediately take things to insults. Stay mad. We aren't tired of winning yet #MAGA
Then people in general should get their own healthcare separate from the employer so they can have full control over it.
If everyone had health care no one would argue about who gets what services/prescriptions. Everyone would benefit according to their needs.
You are the danger in this free world, meting a communist lover is bad enough but now screwing ur own voters, WOW!
We are keeping a score card on all this pos potus actions so we can come back and triple down reverse his moron behavior.
True. So is failing to renew CHIP. #RenewCHIP #KeepKidsCovered
Then help get this mockery of a President out of the White House then Fumigate it.
Why not is it more dangerous than giving it the gov thru single payer?
To save money...most will say, “No!”
BE CAREFUL SENATOR...YOU ARE PREMATURE.
make this war on women Stop this is wrong
You mean a woman has to ask her employer what she is or is not allowed to do medically or is her employer simply not required to pay for it?
My hope, as someone who works in HR, is most cos are like mine and see real value in comprehensive health benefits. Can't afford to
I wish Illinois had free contraception for all the times you've f#cked it
I agree with you make GOP seem mean to woman did do any thing to virgaa ??
This is not just a women's issue, it affects the entire family when u mess with our wives,daughters and mothers. This guy must be removed.
NOt anymore dangerous than handing it over to the Government! Matter of fact it’s more dangerous to give it to the Government!!!!!!
Welfare Women can buy Birth Control Pills, they are not precluded from buying them instead of wasting money on nonsense items
It's the right thing to do,, keep your nose out of people's business wherever possible Dick,just do your job!
Pot all healthcare decisions in our hands, not our employers. #MedicareForAll
So is handing over health care decisions to the federal government
How about you START PUSHING THE USE OF THE RHYTHM METHOD if the urge is so GREAT!!
So if the owners only believe prayer is the only medical treatment required can they offer only coverage for prayer service nothing else
BY YOUR OWN DAMN CONTRACEPTION
@senatordurbin Why aren’t you speaking out against assault on LGBTs? Do we only matter when you’re up for re-election? Do something!
We all ALL get played at election time.
Exactly why we should have free market healthcare that is employer and government independent
Thank you, Senator.
Paying for your own birth control or Viagra does not a crisis make
Wow! Really blowing that whole thing WAY out of proportion......into. LIE!!!
Calling our brave troops disparaging names was wrong as well Senator Durbin.
Condoms $8 a box
.@senatorDurbin .@vp .@FLOTUS .@SecondLady .@IvankaTrump .@realDonaldTrump .@DonaldJTrumpJr .@EricTrump .@LaraLeaTrump .@11barrontrump
.@TiffanyATrump .@SenatorLankford .@senatorportman  Mr. Durbin you handling Rudolph's Reigns as an elf for Christmas is kind of dangerous
Because we're making our list and checking it twice we know you've been naughty not nice follow the chain of command chief executive #USMC !
It's just never been applied or enforced in a practical manner before now.
So, why is it the employers responsibility to pay for anyone's mistakes again.  STD and pregnancy prevention is not the employers job.
Which is NOT to say that I agree with him.  Hobby Lobby was a horrible decision, but it's actually been the law of the land for some time.
Why has everyone forgotten what started this -- Hobby Lobby?  Trump isn't doing anything new; he's simply applying that decision.
Why have regulations like HIPAA in place if one's gender gives their employer the right to violate it?
Such denials defies the Constitution's attempt to end discrimination and allow freedom of and from religion
Would you deny Physicians  their obligation to truthfully offer informed care to patients based on patients' gender?
Would you deny US citizens between the ages of Puberty and Menopause the right to pursue informed medical advice & care
Universal healthcare.
Women can change jobs if unhappy!
Are you saying women are too stupid to walk down to the Walmart and get a prescription for 3-9$ or men are too stupid to buy condoms?
Don't you think women can buy their own bc pills?
You swore to uphold the Constitution and fail at every turn.  Healthcare is not a right.
Fear monger much?  Ever wonder why your left wing base is so violent and hateful?  Look in the mirror and take some responsibility.  #MAGA
And you think the government knows better? NO SINGLE PAYER PROGRAM!!!
Its also a false representation of the facts by u mr durbin.
Birth control pills are the least of Trump's concerned. This is all about inciting anger and division in the American people. CALL HIM OUT!
If Trump isn't attacking Mexicans as a 'drain on our taxes,' he's blaming women. Second rate citizens who are the burden of white men.
It's not about religion. Christian women use and need birth control too. Trump's intent is purposefully toxic and divisive. CALL HIM OUT!
Can this be stopped? If so then do it! @SenateDems
As a woman I am capable of making decisions re: my health care I don't need religious or morale objections to guide me
He wants nothing more than to squash women and make them 2nd class
#ACA is much like this post. Trash. The American people deserve better and @realDonaldTrump is bringing that to us
You are sad and wrong.
What have you done to make Obamacare better since it was originally rushed through.
Our political system is set up for checks and balances yet you continue to sit on your hands and complain after the fact.
Actually the woman's decision is in HER hands. You really are so sexist you don't think women can take care of themselves?
When will Dems declare all out war with the #GOP? They are destroying America, we need some Reps. to stand up and fight for us.
Senator Durbin you need to repeal the aca 100%. And than stay out of the health insurance business.
The federal government should not be telling any one what health insurance they have to have. And the government needs to repeal the aca.
Handing the reins of healthcare to the government is dangerous
Most business owners men so male control of female body/sex. Men pick who's punished for sexual permission when & who. FGmutilation not far?
And, anti-democratic.
Trump and @GOP are sending America back 100 years.  If they could, they'd take the vote away from women, too.
They already have from minorities and Democrats thru duplicitous gerrymandering.
no one should handover  their health care to anyone, not your boss, not your g'ment, you should pay for it yourself so you do have control
but handing it over to the inept and inefficient federal government is ok?  Bs
The woman is in charge of choice. Perhaps you should work on lowering prescription drug prices! Medicaid insulin $175 non medicade price $25
The Dems need to be very very vocal about this.
They are only vocal when it effects the liberal idiots
So far, everything trump has done is wrong.
Lies and damn lies. Americans are sick and tired of Big Government trying to control what they have (Healthcare) or don't have (Guns).@gop
Sort of like handing your career or candidacy over to Weinstein?
This administration is obsessed with my uterus.
Eww not true. #VeryFakeNews
So is handing over "health care" decisions to a bureaucratic government!
Its UNBELIEVABLE and we will not stand for this
No whats wrong is that taxpayers have to foot the bill!
You realize that taxpayers don't pay for employer-sponsored health insurance, right?
Then who pays for it?
Uhhh... The employers and employees? Are you serious?
Woooooow.
Hello, everything that man does is DANGEROUS.
Why does individuals religious freedom make it OK for them to dictate what thier employees do so for one freedom others have none wow
That’s consistent with almost all his actions. He should keep his Tiny hands to himself....
