You spelled that first word wrong. It's not #Dreamers, it's #IllegalAliens 

#defundDACA #criminals #BlameYourParents #AmericaFirst #tcot
Sen Durbin-our state is falling apart at the seams with debt & our city of Chicago most violent place in US & you worry about non citizens?
Non-citizens are residents of IL & Chicago. As a first-responder & non-citizen in the Windy City, I'm disgusted of your divisive words.
This month marks 23 years living in US. Arrived at 11, paying taxes since 16, and registered for Selective service at 18. #HereToStay #DACA
American citizens first. How hard is it to understand that.
I came to America for FREE STUFF!!
My oldest son's father was a dreamer. He was hung in the a park by his neck with a belt.He was walking a half block too his 2nd job.
IF DREAMERS GO THEN #deportmelania.SHE WORKED WITHOUT A VISA AND LIED ON VISA APPLICATION. DIDN'T PAY TAXES ON THE 10 UNDER THE TABLE JOBS.
How about Real Americans that not have a JOB because a ILLEGAL person has that JOB..AMERICA FIRST !!!  You kinda SLOW arnt you DICK???
They have a SS and can get jobs legally. And those are the people we're trying to protect, they tried to get legal, but congress failed to..
Illegally obtained ss card perhaps
Not at all, you are very ignorant on this topic. Dreamers get a work permit and with that work permit they can apply for a SS.
NO I'm not igrorant on this at all..I have 2 businesses in Colombia Ignorant Snowflake...I'm sure you had passport to get into Costa Rica...
Haha how am i ignorant when I'm stating facts and the one spouting ignorance is you.
I state facts..DACA was and is illegal..You stupid little millenal snowflake..Got a job yet ? hahaha.. 48 countries myself how about you?
Btw I'm sure that in order to become THE UNITED STATES president you have to actually be born here. Keep believe all the lies Trump says.
I wish you showed this much interest in the American people. Or even the Dreamers within Chicago. Shows how much you care about us.
I'm from Chicago, a first responder, and a DACA recipient...I can assure you that Durbin has just as much interest for everyone in IL.

Your sick.#deportmelania worked without a visa and LIED on her application .DIDN'T pay TAXES on the 10 under the table job.#TRAITORTRUSHDON
Impoverished Black Americans, the Democrats have been ignoring your dreams in favor of ILLEGAL immigrants.  Raise them up, keep you down
Where is your concern and outrage over the 1.6M babies murdered each year in the USA under "choice"?  If you have compassion start there
My dream is that Americans get to live in a country where our immigration laws are upheld & followed. DACA is slap in face to all Legal imm

They will encourage you to stay so that their friends @PPact can sell your future aborted dead baby parts #HereToStay
America and Americans first!!!!  Get it together
You going with emotion or the Constitution on this?
My dream is that you lose your reelection in 2020!!! #Dreamers
Nope could careless , what they went thru, veterans and americans are whats important, get your priorities strat senator
How about the Americans murdered by the invaders?  You are a representative of Americans ACT LIKE IT!
So now if we get enough hard luck stories we can ignore the law ?  Get to work and fix it.
Drain the swamp by getting rid of Bernie Sanders, Nancy Pelosi, Maxine Waters, Elizabeth Warren, and Chuck Schumer.
Think about it, we are paying them to obstruct. Have they come up  with any beneficial proposals besides trying to make government bigger?
How many Dreamers living in your mansion?
Spare us Dicky. Nobody cares. Quit worrying about illegals, they are just fine getting everything from legal citizens free.
What about the stories of the victims of dreamer that commit crimes?
ANTIFA can help!!
Cause we Dems had supermajority+WH & DID NOTHING FOR YOU. We're now using #DREAMers as political capital by tugging at America's 
Surprisingly MSM and their devote followers spell dreamers; DACA. Has the ability to spell an acronym using English become a lost art?
you need to stop being bigoted to catholic judicial nominees
Senator Vagina Urban
https://twitter.com/jus1_kimberely/status/905264370816606209 …
Not interested! Obama broke the law, now we have DECA! Dems fault! Work on lowering taxes instead of giving illegals free money!
where does America go for you to hear our stories http://www.usdebtclock.org/ .. healthcare and idiots for representatives do not deserve pension
Your state is bankrupt and your major city is a war zone an this is the crap you care about. You're a liar and a fool....
Apparently the ruling class of this country needs to hear from Americans adversely effected by illegal aliens, and the crimes they commit.
Lets be sure and put equal time to the bad storie.
Fund the border wall and give DACA recipients timeframe to fulfill their duties to become a citizen. Blanket amnesty should not be an option
Well, I was born here in the USA and constantly dream of being born in the USA.
What America needs to hear are the stories of the veterans who DIED because the VA killed them. Your FAKE legislation does NOTHING.
had my first job at 9, came to the U.S at 10, learned English in 6 months, graduated hs 3.8 GPA, currently a seminary student & #HereToStay
Senator Durbin, thank you for creating this place to share. The more stories are shared, the more we can address this human rights issue.

Up to you Senator pass expedited and streamlined immigration laws.
Senator, if these kids are so important, why your party did nothing for them in 2009 when you have healthy majorities in Congress?
Because it wasn't priority and they didn't care. Lol. Come on isn't it obvious?
We need a debt ceiling..as you know Trump with us of bankruptcy. He doesn't care abt tax payers money. @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @TeamPelosi
White man's Government Speeks with Forked Tong. Why have a boarder anyone can come and go as they please to work for a dollar Rich-man slave
My God. Durbin you are crazy. You honestly don't know what is happening to many US citizens you must put illegals at top of your effort. Sad

Sen Durbin in 2007, S.2205 was killed by 8 Dem nays & 3 no shows, should we expect the same from your Party again. Your Story! #HereToStay
Yes you had 5 yrs to make changes

Failed ro make legally

So lets here how @DNC is so cruel
Tell truth about Cinthyia Cisneros Garcia, Hermilio Moralez, Salvados Diaz-Garcia, Juan Valdez-Molina, Juan Manuel Martinez, Hernandez-Rodas

#HereToStay ? nah. Dick/dems failed u https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=obama+immigration+reform+2008&view=detail&mid=BB7F842B85CA712D759CBB7F842B85CA712D759C&FORM=VIRE … @realDonaldTrump @gop @SenateGOP say #byebyedaca


DON'T FORGET TO IMPEACH THE TRAITOR WHILE U R AT IT!
Which stories? The one were the two DACA teenagers in Long Island NY murder an innocent person?
Or do you want the stories of how many recipients are abusing the system?
I would like to hear that one? I mean background check every two years, no Federal aid. So yeah please enlighten me on how they're doing it?
Ok. My Grandparents LEGALLY immigrated to U.S. via Ellis Island. Set up business, had 7 kids, and were successful. Worked hard w/o handouts!
#here4The new MapofMexico
I agree, all legal immigrants should be #heretostay.  Can I tell you about my Irish grandparents coming here legally, or is that not ok?
