Trump admin appoints ex-dean of college busted for fraud to run student aid fraud office: http://hill.cm/RqClWrL  
Why is anyone surprised?
This is ridiculous. Seriously, why can't his stupidity be stopped?
Because a hostile foreign power spent decades infiltrating our government, and this is what they want to happen?
It's totally nuts. We have never had more unqualified people in top positions.
Insane but not accidental. It's exactly what the puppetmaster wants.
I know  He's so egotistical he doesn't want anyone smarter than him in power positions. So he hires slugs
45's not the master, he's the puppet, & every bit of news coming out shows how long he's been one, and how thoroughly he's controlled by 
Pretty much. He doesn't have the brain capacity to master anything except for kindergarten level Tweets
He's devious, not so much stupid as contempt for intelligence: part of the con. Ego makes him Putin's perfect tool.
Disgusting hope the special
Counsel investigates each and every person on this cabinet and any and all of their picks to fill these posts.
I'm tired of the swamp being filled . They are dismantling the USA from the inside. Am I the only one who can see this!!!
Stop being racist! You just don't want to black man in that position.
Right?! Unbelievably racist.
Or like Fox guarding the information the poorly informed and educated receive on a daily basis. @FoxNews #TheBarnacleOnOurDemocracy
Yeah DICK. ...a tweet should fix THAT ! U JUST A messenger THEN?
Hmm, I could be wrong here, but I'm sensing a pattern with the whole fox and hen house with these cabinet appts 
You cannot make this shit up.
Leader of fraudulent #TrumpUniversity appoints employee of #DeVry university that committed fraud to enforce strds against university fraud.
And remember a year ago Obama paid Iran $1.7 billion dollars in cash.
It's now the Fox house, the hens are hiding in the woods
You don't even know the meaning of the idiom.  Take care of things at home (CHI) before pointing a finger elsewhere.  #DrainTheSwamp
Wow, Trump even fails at being the greatest leader of a fraudulent college with his $25 million settlement.
Would u say it's like allowing barak hussein obuma to be president?
arpaio, Russia, 11billion form FEMA, shutdown the government for a wall wall, bankrupting the Secret Service BITCH PLEASE
Can't wait for your Messhia to go to jail. If it were anyone else but that racist Oligarch theyd been gone a long time ago.
Takes a crook to catch a crook. LOL!
It is insane!
#notmypresident knows all the worst people
I'm sure your career is stellar
Every single day . . . So many travesties.
I just learned that he has nominated Russian Alpha Bank lawyer to head the Criminal Div. of the FBI. For real?
Horrible choice.
And we're all just going to let this happen?!
This is what Trump does. A fox for every henhouse.
Smdh
This is the most fucking crooked admin ever. And it seems like no one can do anything about it. Why is that?
Of course he did. He has deep empathy for crooks.
What the heck???
Shows our children they don't have to study it is who you know!
@SenatorDurbin it's also like having Comey investigate Hillary.... same thing
That's exactly what it is. But we have a president who did the same thing at a so-called university with his own name on the door!

That's what i said about you and your cronies
@thehill didn't Obama have similar appointees? People who didn't pay there taxes and such? Get min require law passed
@thehill so have you drafted standards 4 ALL gov employees & appointees or are u spouting worthlessly? #
Didn't congress approve her?
And he's an Amway distributor!
He has NO sense or shame. He's The Grinch story but without a decent ending.happy ending.
Could say the same of the left communistic politicians charged with protecting the constitution and people. Pft!
More of the same
@thehill Birds of a feather...
It could be worse. He could have taken it over himself. Uh, Trump University?
And everyone in Congress will stand idly by
No, this is like seating the fox in the henhouse, tying a napkin around her neck, and offering her a selection of wines.
Sometimes the ex-con thief becomes the security consultant. Wait. This is DJT. You're right, Senator.
How many middle fingers does Trump have?
His are a little short. I've got a couple I can spare for him Anyone else?
ONE THING ABOUT IT,HE SHOULD BE AN EXPERT AT FINDING THE FRAUD
This fact is lost on #MAGA people... please for the love of all that is good DJT is not in this arena to help the middle class--Jack or Jill
Trump is laughing at us all
Really?? Your focus should be on Texas right now.
rumps a fraud likes dwaw together
Good appointment. Who better to recognize fraud than one who has been involved with it from the inside?
You can't make this shit up.
Why does  #Trump #WhiteHouse oppose #singlepayer healthcare, but support #singlepayer, government-run #studentloan consolidation?
Master Grifter 45 appts another rip off artist 2 keep oppressing th poorest ppl n our society
Trump sure scrapes the bottom of the barrel to find people to work for him. Most inept administration in our history.
Don't forget Trump U also had to pay 25M for fraud.
You being in the US Senate is like the fox guarding the hen house!
Another loser traitor trump chose to deconstruct our government
He doesn't know many honest people .. all the honest ones don't want to work for Trump
Kind of like having a Grand Master as an Attorney General, ohhh, never mind.
Like every appointment he has made! Worst candidates get the top jobs.
My senator 
Trump paid $25million for defrauding students
At this point they've given the foxes the alarm codes, a map to the eggs, and a bottle of Tabasco
Dickie, they paid a 100 million but Obama DOJ didn't require they admit anything!
Like the con man running the bunko squad, come to think about it the is a con man who will need a new gig soon in DC
Finally the Dept of Education is focused on helping students instead of helping teacher's union leadership.
figures a demoncrat just can't resist taking another jab at fox...
You just can't make this stuff up.
Every new headline I think I am reading The Onion.  But I am not.
Talking about yourself as Senator, you are the Fox guarding the hen house, Senate (my taxes),You are very generas with it, to your self Dems
Sounds about right
More like magic. Another distraction so the magician can fool us again. Vegas show!
Disgusting
Appalling.
SOP for new GOP?
@potus @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Are there no ethical standards to be maintained in DC?
New appointee's position at DeVry was chief in charge of ripping off students, now another POS in the White House
Biggest student enrollment, ever. Huge.
Of course!
Shameful
@realDonaldTrump in the name of common sense..you lack such characteristics but please we'll come together as you throw people under the bus
Freedom from burdensome regulation against fraud will unleash economic growth in form of thousands of new Trump Universities.
That's what you get Dick when the Democrats are pathetic and the GOP incompetent.  No leadership from any of you politicians...
That's the idea.
Can't you guys oppose? Excuse me but what are you being paid for?
Not "like" but "is".
