Congress should pass the Voting Rights Advancement Act — it would #RestoreTheVRA and ensure that every eligible voter can access the ballot.
With widespread voter suppression efforts targeting minority & young voters, more important now than ever to protect the right to vote.
Voter suppression or verification? I'm not happy that illegals are stealing MY birthright. What is wrong with requiring a photo ID?
They are trying to make sure that voting is by those eligible to vote. What is wrong with that? Dead and illegals should not be voting.
On the 52nd anniversary of the #VRA, many states, overrun with racist republicans, are making it more difficult for Americans to vote.
Due to 1 Supreme Court case, Shelby v. Holder which threw it back to a Congress that will not act on it.
GOP mantra: If ya can't win; cheat!
11 counties in calif discovered this week to have massive voter fraud on the Dems lists
Breitbart & Judicial Watch propaganda.
It should hit FOX by Tuesday
And if you're not a bot you should fill out a job application to be one!
Oh my I must have struck a nerve. Libs don't like it when they are wrong
Nothing like giving facts to a lib. It really sets them off. Bot is a term that is used by libs to show someone who uses facts
You wouldn't know a fact if it bit you on your motherboard.
A pox on your programmer's house.
Now go away.
We also need more absentee ballot support and other options to standing in line during work days to vote.
You don't have to take off work pills are open before work and after work. So that is a non issue
Get real dickie. It's harder to get on a plane than it is to vote
More difficult for fraud to occur is what is really happening.
Here is one way they are making it difficult for people to vote:
Please retire are you the one who pushed for state holiday for Obama? You couldn't pass a budget in two years  but said yes to the holiday?
N Your party is making it impossible to have real democracy #OpenDebates #OpenPrimaries #PublicallyFinancedElections #MedicareForAll #AllNOW
So typical of dems to go direct to race card.  Really just want to allow illegals to vote for democrats because illegals believe dems lies
That seems to be the trend.  White, male and GOP.
Do you have a problem with White people?
Please do everything you can to get Trump out of office. He is killing our country.
Many states are making it harder for people to vote. Many IDs, polling places too far away, too small and confusing locations for elections.
Notices are sent out/published everywhere about polling places. 1 ID is needed, and if driving to far away place, not an issue.
On many morning shows... GOP leaning pundits claim it is  "progressives" whom are intolerant.  Of course we are, to this and all injustices
How is it an injustice to require a photo ID to decide who leads the Free World? You need one to get a library card!
Correction/many Republican states
Why don't you describe what makes it so tough.  Showing identification.  That is not difficult.  Americans have voted for you out.  Now go

Requiring an I D to vote just makes to much sense not to make it a requirement
You mean more difficult for aliens and  dead people to vote?
Cheat to win at any cost. Party first. Damn the Constitution! The SWAMP is so much larger now!
Give them time, it will get to the point that only the rich white men will be voting.
Returning to Jim Crow laws 
Ur the Senator.  We don't need u to tell about the problems we need to fix them. That's why we put u there, for now.
Republicans are making it more difficult for people of color to vote. Stop tiptoeing around the truth. But know they will not stop us.
So funny!  Clean elections are immaterial, brilliant move!
Start acting like a civilized nation & require picture identification to vote! like Dems required to attend their convention. #hypocrites
And gerrymandering... Let's talk about the consistent changing, blurred lines also.
I don't get it. It's a felony for voter fraud, but law when you voter suppress?????? Weird.
Shame, shame America. How can you feel good about democracy, when you know this is an injustice to PEOPLE? BORN HUMANS. REALLY AMERICA??????
Should be really simple...prove your citizenship and vote...2-step process.
How are te states making it difficult. Could you make it easier to get my hunting/fishing license or a beer or re new drivers license in IL?
Explain how?
Agree. Am appalled at Exec branch trying to tear down Constitutional protections. Need to return to democracy.
Fix that Dick!!
Being from IL., the vote early vote often state, you of all people should be all about proper registration. UNLESS U DON'T CARE!!!
More Democrat talking point lies. The only supressed votes are ones from Illigals. You know the ones Obummer told ro vote to try save Kilery
All senators are dipshits! Claims that voting is so difficult - you register, go to poll and vote. Not that difficult, unless your illegal!
No they're not. They're trying to ensure the security and integrity of the vote.
More difficult for illegal voting.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin - this is a very important issue!
What a shame!
Bull
With all tem 'free' meal you a 'Senator'....you should too
I vote with my spoon and folk...f--k A Vote....I'm always tryin to get ma eat on...'Durby'
Requiring photo I.D. to vote not making it "more difficult", it's making it legal. Why opposition to an honest vote from u? #VotingRightsAct
If u mean proving u are who u say u are? Yet red states refuse to release voter registrations
Please cite specific incidents, counties, and states where US citizens voting rights are not honored. ????? Waiting????
No, making it more difficult for noncitizens to vote...registered citizens have no problems voting. Get over it!
Exactly!!!
#MoreDurbinLies
Senator voting is a right for US citizens. The key "US Citizens" If you have a viable solution quarantee all voting have that right. Say it!
Yeah like in the primaries you hypocrite
What's the point of VRA anniversary if U don't get EVRY1, esp. leaders, evryday 2 protect & increase voting rights? Get EVRY1 2 spread word!
U2 Mr. Durban go back and look at history and you'll find that your party did not support the voting rights act
Exactly and republican president Lincoln went to war against the southern democrats for equal rights...
I can't "like" this. I can only share to help bring light to this travesty
This country truly needs your help. They are obviously still benefiting off suppression. They tell ppl, this the one thing that makes you =?
