Thank you Senator!
Dick when you drop your tax payer insurance and join the rest of us you can gloat. Till then keep Increasing your net worth on our nickel.
Thank you for being strong.
Government still not safe from the Cadillac tax!  Yeah!
Until Illinois feels the effects of Obamacare like Alaska and you and @SenDuckworth will be held accountable
Alaskans have been among the hardest hit by #Obamacare’s failure. Premiums have tripled,  more than $8,000 for the average #Alaska family. 
Thank you and all the @SenateDems  so much for your hard work!
I lost my doctor and I could not afford obama care. Thank you so much Dick.
Here's my Senator.  Actually PROUD three million people in Illinois are either milking the system or poor or both.
Thank you so much for all that you did for us in Illinois!!
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
Having that bill defeated was a win, but let's work together to strengthen healthcare options in this country!
Thank you for your leadership and for protecting me and my family and Illinois.
Seniors shouldn't ever have to pay age tax. Social Security is earned & they pay for Medicare! Most Countries respect their elders!
Well then let's address the issue and attack facilities charging an arm and a leg and ripping off Medicare.  Then we can keep it.
What about Trump's announcement that he'll just let #ACA die? How will we stop that from happening?
Pretty hard to do, when the Democrats set up the law to be able to be enforced or changes by the President.  @POTUS will do what Senate cant
A thousand thank yous
You did not Defeat anything.  Republicans unlike Democratics will not just push thru a bill like you did thats not the best it can be for US
Your a good man. Thank you.
Why are you not on Obamacare?? I can't afford it..
Why are you so ignorant.  There is no excuse for it.
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin for your endless work to protect our healthcare. I'm proud to be represented by you and the great @SenDuckworth!
Seriously?  Do you see Illinois crime rate, their budget plans.  So glad I left Illinois 3 years ago.  It's a sinking ship
God Bless You Senator!
Thank you Senator.
And Obamacare is still in a death spiral
Thank you for fighting for the people of IL! Your vote definitive saved lives! @SenatorDurbin #ILSaveACA #ProtectOurCare #FridayFeeling
Thank you Senator Durbin!  Hope you can get some "me time" in this weekend.  You sure deserve it!! 
Begin negotiation with Collins, Murkowski, McCain to amend ACA; America will benefit from cross-aisle legislation.
Thank you Senator
Still hoping to get that single payer huh, Dick?
Thank you for all you!!!!
Great job Senator. Keep up the great work.
Now Senator can you put together a bipartisan group to fix the ACA?  Can you be the one to get the ball rolling? Damn the procedures just go
Ha!  Republicans control the docket.  So...NO. 
Thank you for your tireless #Resistance against repealing the ACA. We are grateful.
What exactly are you greatful for?
Thank you for your hard work on this.
Hard work on raising your premiums?
If it is so great, will you be willing to give up your health care plan for it?
& individual mandate where people are forced to buy a product they don't need/want or get fined stays. Brilliant
Thank you for standing with the Dems to protect healthcare and for being ready for the hard work ahead for improvements
Thank you Senator!!!
Thank you for the no vote, and supporting our  country.
Thank you for voting NO.
Let Obamacare fall on its own.
I'm in the dark. I don't watch the news on purpose, Trump is toxic. It didn't pass?
It didn't pass! We needed 3 no GOP votes ; McCain joined Murkowski and Collins in voting no
Thank you, Senator Durbin. I'm proud to be your constituent. #ProtectOurCare
a million thanks to you and @SenDuckworth for fighting this!
how can you let that trump lie and lie and lie about the wall and healthcare
its time to impeach
But employer mandate continues to hinder public safety in norther suburbs.
Grateful as always to you and @SenDuckworth for your work on our behalf. Happy Friday!
Thank you, Senator.
Sure is a win for Illinois, a state built on corruption.
Thank you, @SenatorDurbin! You helped ensure our son gets to stay home with his family - where he belongs!
Thank you for literally saving my life!
Thank you Sen
Thank you! Can you schedule hearings including AMA, CDC, NIH, Nurses, therapists, hospitals? Can we also remove ACA mandate? It's punitive.
And what part of ACA did u agree with then? They didn't do their job the first time
Murder rate all time high. Good work Turbin
Thanks for your advocacy and suppory
Thank you @SenatorDurbin !!!
Thanks Senator Durbin
Seniors DO pay an age tax...3x is still horrible burden!!! Paid premiums 40 yrs & used to have healthy baby. Very unfair! 5x wld break us!
Thank you for your vote Senator Durbin
Thank you for keeping up the fight.
Thanks for nothing.  #ACA has made insurance so expensive, we can't afford to use it.  Get rid of #ACA. #RepealObamacare
Take your anger to the health care companies. Nothing to do with ACA. We have health-for-sale in the US. Trumpcare would have inc. your cost

Thank you Senator for always standing with the people of Illinois
Medicaid is not safe. It is destined for collapse in 10 years because just like Obamacare it is UNSUSTAINABLE!  Why can't you idiots see it?
Thank you Senator Durbin
Thank you @SenatorDurbin, you did Illinois proud once again!
#SinglePayer
Must deliver it to all s who subsidize health insurance companies & health insurance plans of  politicians &  military.
How about Chicago?
Thank you!
Thank U!(live-#IL) Thank you 2all .@SenateDems Thank you!Thank you! And thank you .@SenatorCollins, .@lisamurkowski & .@SenJohnMcCain#ACA
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for helping to defeat this horrible bill!
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for fighting for your constituents and fellow Americans.  Kudos as well to @SenDuckworth.  Fighting the good fight.
Thank You
Thank you Senator!!
Thank you & others but the Dems really need to be vocal & loud & start talking about Medicare for all!
Thank you for your work on this.
Thank you Senator Durbin
Now #PASSERA  only Need Senate VOTE! MAke Some Money4Illinois!Women owned or CEO Business make significantly MORE Money!
my family thanks you! all members of my family rely on medicaid because of our illnesses and disabilities.
And The #American People Can Keep Paying For your Cadillac Plan along with the $35 billion your sending to Insurance Companies Thanks Dick
K. You're good with Obamacare then?
Thank you, senator.
A win for now. We have to realize that as long as we allow healthcare to be fall under capitalism, premiums will ALWAYS rise!
There hasn't been a win for Illinois since the awarding of the Wolds Fair in 1894.
