THIS is ridiculous. SCOTUS is too important. Should need to meet 60 vote rule
Sadly Republicans will change the rules with Nuclear Option and then Gorsuch is on @Scotus
So frustrating watching them "adjust" the law to get their way...especially after all the games they played keeping Garland out.
They will pay what goes around comes around..I am old enough to see that happen time and time again
Maybe demise of @GOP Lots of us long-time Republicans are fleeing the party after seeing so much greed and inhumanity exists. Disappointed
My husband was all in republican...not anymore though, he hates the leadership now
Well, mine did a switch from Democratic to Republican.
Eeeek...sorry
Please explain 2006 ??????????????????
Merrick Garland.
There was another long standing historic precedent, no SC justices in an election year
Kevin, I see by your choice of words it reflects your level of maturity. Time to grow up.
All that vote for it are complicit and will rue the day.
meh - I'm not so sure  -what it really means is elections will be swingy partisan affairs and life experience as US citizens unstable.
Exactly the problem - these rules should be immutable. They're treating a symptom of not doing their original job to confirm prev nom.
there r problems w/he filibuster rules too - they were weakened during  Bush era & used to prevent democratically elected congress from work
Just honestly what this means is minority parties will not longer have to "play nice in case of a future" it hurts GOP long term more.
And I say this because Dems are NEVER a good opposition party - GOP are not prepared to govern now they'll have to & it will be bad.
the smartest thing to do would be to make Dems have to keep filibustering one SCOTUS horrible conservative after another and drain energy &$
Apologies @SenatorDurbin  I didn't realize this kept tagging you on the new Twitter system. Thank you for your work.
Long standing rule?  '13 was 4 years ago #DingyHarry did this and all the Libs loved it but now? http://ln.is/wnd.com/RLvbv  via @po_st Why now?
You could of stopped the filibuster but you flipped flopped and allowed it. You all are a joke! Can't wait for term limits
I must respectfully disagree.  Every Senator who voted for this shares culpability; Sen. McConnell is merely at the top of the list.
I don't agree w/what McConnell is about to do, but it started w/Dems reducing required margin to pass Obama's Cabinet appointees.
I bet @SenatorDurbin would give a "oh, well that is different" defense. And his #lemmings will fall for it.
Wasn't the Democrats who invented nuclear option. How more stupid you can be?
Democrats changed filibuster rule from 67-60 in 1975, Started filibuster rule on Executive appointments 2003
Then Exercised #HarryReidNuclearOption for all court Nominees w SCOTUS exception in 2013 You have many *** then
Ask your a hole buddy reid
No responsibility sad
I find this appalling. It's not as if there are not other qualified nominees. They don't have to do this, they want to. We won't forget.
Apparently you forgot when dems did it. Figures!
You forced their hand and are just as responsible. He was going to be confirmed one way or another.
Like Reid did in 2013 while you cheered? Don't be a hypocrite. You had no valid reason to oppose Gorsuch. We ended your partisan obstruction
nope #ReidRule
I agree - McConnell set this disaster in motion - history will not treat him kindly.
No you are to blame
Mitch McConnell and the radical GOP are THE BIGGEST THREAT to our democracy. YOU and the Democratic Party need to fight GOP at every step!!
Did I mention how much I truly hate this horrible man? He is the biggest threat to democracy this country faces.
He is not alone. This is 25 years of extreme partisanship reaching it's zenith.
WRONG, The obstructionist mentality that is rampant on the @Senate is at fault. Democrats were first & therefore bear all responsibility
You've got it all backwards.  Do you even remember the last 6 years of the Obama administration?
Yes I do. And how does the "Slow Walking" of confirmations then differ from what is happening now???
Um, Gorsuch didn't have the votes, so they changed the rule. Not part of a series of obstructions, just gorsuch.
Change the nominee not the rules
It was the dems who originally changed the rules.
Harry Reid achieved his partisan goal and now fools like   @SenatorDurbin are trying to place the blame on someone else
He needed 51 additional votes to do it. Don't absolve them, particularly those who spoke against but did it anyway.
This rule was established in 2003 because democrats like you for racist reasons to stop Miguel Estrada's nomination.
Hmmm, really? Sen Harry Reid created the nuclear option with the #SenateDems blessings! Who's sorry now! #ConfirmGorsuch
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Stop blaming each other, do what you were sent to D.C. to do, negotiate, legislate DO NOT destroy the foundation
Like @SenateGOP negotiated with regard to Garland? #StolenSeat
Thank you for standing up for us all!
Precedent was already set 3 yrs ago by Reid
another lie by Durban & the Dems, former Sen Reid opened pandora box.. It's your party that has responsibility for change.
The ONLY reason for opposition is to fight Trump not because of the nominee. You should all be ashamed!!
What did you say when Reid did it?
When life gives you a hurdle, lower the bar to get your way.  Then blame repercussions on Obama.
I think he is acting in the vein of Harry Reid
Not even Paul Simon filibustered Clarence Thomas,
@SenateMajLdr You better resign at the end of your term because you can never be reelected. You are a power hungry tyrant.
THT'S A POLITICAL MONOPLY& MONOPOLIES R ILLEGL. ENFRCD SILNCE OF AN ENTR VOICE N GVRNMNT SPOILS GOV & CREATES COMMNISM IN AMERICA- HELL NO!
RIP democracy.
He gave up a respect when he refused to bring President Obama's pick to the floor.
@EricHaywood you guys  are punks stand up to this BS. Americans are against this agenda and narrative
@EricHaywood McConnell he's out of control
Just like you did under the last regime. Amazing how you can dish it out but cant take it! #democrat baby
No the blame is on Democrats and Harry Reid what a bunch of fools
Actually, there are a whole bunch of @GOP senators who let this happen. They are all responsible (irresponsible).
Democrats used the nuclear option back in 2013. GOP complained like you're complaining now. Complaining is not a viable solution to anything
I would not have a problem going back to the original way the founders of this country had built it instead of being changed not now
YOU have nerve 2 refer to partisanship?Times such as these with anarchists such as you in office, require tough decisions. #NoReelection
YOU are simply full of b**l s**t. YOU know as well as everyone else..it WAS Harry Reid who changed history! So STOP whining..and GET over it
2013! Also, did we forget about the Biden rule?
Pendulums swing both ways, Dems will eventually have a majority, & GOP will be forced to remember,& live by, this underhanded bullshit!
He's not alone in this debacle! His racist GOP buddies are there. They needed to vote in Garland!! They have no souls!
America will hold the entire GOP responsible for this travesty! I hope it was worth it; we won't forget!
@SenateMajLdr refusal 2 consider #MerrickGarland nomination set precedent 4 2day's #Gorsuchfilibuster. Scotus is tainted by partisanship.
NO NO Senator .... this is on you and your shortsighted cronies. Congrats on really screwing thus up. Unbelievable!!  Shame
I tip my cap for Sen McConnell breaking the gridlock do your job democrats #termlimits
What was your vote when Reid did it for all other judges?
I will say, those were relatively low leveled appointments and they blocked like 70-something of them. They weren't governing.
Don't disagree with that, was never happy with the obstructionism over nominees unless something major. But it started us on path to today.
The obstruction you mean, right? 
My feelings about McConnel are not good, but I must say he did not do this alone.  Trump to do it, and all of the GOP's are going along too
How can we ousted him ?
@sw4044 thank Schumer for starting 15 yrs. ago. Once Kennedy and Ginsburg are gone, the court will be set in stone.
dems can take back WH and senate in 2020 and appoint Hillary to SCOTUS with simple majority! Karma!
Confirm Judge Gorsuch! Stop playing games!
It's not historic. Both Thomas and Aleto were both confirmed on the supreme court with less than 60 votes.
Nope. He's not alone. That's kind of the problem.
It's called the Reid Rule for a reason genius.
In Am. Hist. studies, where his life's work is covered in a few sentences, the kids will be ,Yet a skilled educator will have'emw/sarcasm.
Democrats would do the same if they could. Quit feeding me bullshit
And Harry Reid, and you, . . . awkward
NOT SURPRISED HE DIDN'T GET HIS ONE TERM FROM BUT OBSTRUCTED HIS PRESIDENCY RIGHT UP TO THE END W/ GARLAND. TAKE NOTE DEMS. PLAY HARD BALL
FROM OBAMA. GROW A PAIR DEMS STOP TRYING TO PLAY WORK WITH THE. REPUBLICANS AND THEIR PRESIDENT WE ARE GETTING FED UP WITH THE PARTY 2018 ?
Harry Reid opened the door with you and other Dem's support - what goes around etc
BS. You as a body have caused this by not doing your job by not being bipartisan by not working according to your voters
No Chuckie and the rest of the Dems are.
He's turned the Senate into the House.
Complete disrespect to GOP for being so disingenuous. Obama picks obstructed many times over YEARS. Dems had no choice but to change rules.
may his voters rid Congress of this old tired retiree
You mean the long standing rule that the you dems put in place that changed the long standing rule called the constitution ?
@McConnellPress Mitch has always been the driving force in dividing the two parties. The most evil of all republicans
...and why did you allow Reid to begin this ......
Plez, who began this nuclear option junk...Dems of course. None of the Republicans want 2 do this.  Bet Dems wish they had not Harry Reid.
Why not just vote against Gorsuch? Whatever the motivation, I don't understand why GOP is being put in this position. What is gained???
He's such a disgusting toad
Say #MerrickGarland whenever Republicans blame Dems as partisan!
LMAO  no you and @SenatorReid brought that about 
Republicans and just using the #ReidRule
Didn't just 5 months ago, cry about a simple majority vote should decide the victor? Change of heart all of a sudden dick?
Trump should have picked people that were not so controversial and the GOP should be doing their jobs to protect our nation/its people.
He needs to be gone! Remember @SenateMajLdr  you work for us!!!! Your going to have a short time in the senate!!!!!
And the people who elected Sen McConnell are going to care Why?
Thank, your boy Harry
Reid does take some responsibility for changing the Senate rules b/c of GOP obstruction.
@SenateMajLdr doesn't care about the system or the country! He cares about his party & getting what he wants! He needs to pay for this #2018
While you are pointing that finger, take note of that thumb pointing back at you and the other dems that pushed this. All of Congress fault
They are THAT desperate. They are losing left and right, so we get: Syria, North Korea, China invited to Mar-a-Lago
SAVE OUR CONSTITUTION! Find the answers on Russia FIRST!
Yeah, a man polling at 14% popularity. We're so doomed.
You lie. Read rules. Majority for #SCOTUS vote. Shame on Dems. Stop obstruction.
Ever heard of Harry Reid , Dickie
Wrong!  Reid, Schumer, and Warren set this process in motion in Nov 2013.  Also the Biden Rule stopped Garland not the GOP.  Sad Reality.
NO LIAR-HE ISN'T! YOU on the Left are Responsible! Thank Harry Reid for N Option! Thank your Party Members for OBSTRUCTING! We won't forget!
One day in the Future-I pray Never-There probably will be A Democrat POTUS-We The People WILL REMEMBER All of Your Obstruction!
Like it says " the left is on Hoover! Mmmkkk
No dick Richard! Replacing a republican with a republican not republican for a democrat. No one got robbed!
Nuclear option. You'll do it again. It's our turn now
As a prog Dem we were robbed, but I'm good w/majority rules. Let's bring that idea to prez ejection too. Ditch electoral. Winner takes all
Nothing but a liar, Harry Reid & Dems set this in motion.
Доброе утро америка!
You helped set this in motion by supporting H Reid by voting for the previous neuclar
You were a lock for reelection, now it looks like you stand little chance at remaining a senator, come election time. Have fun.
I thought we had adults in the Senate.  I hope a good candidate decides to run against you in your next election and ends your run
You gave him no choice. You further embarrass Illinois and the Democratic Party. Voters WILL remember this.
If we are blaming people, I'd put an even split between him and @SenJohnMcCain. Being A 'Maverick' means standing up, not falling in line
The rest of the GOP sheep  are following him off the cliff!

Don't like the rules? Just change them. Disgraceful.
That Dems are willing to consider any nominee after Garland is good of them.  Gorsuch not worthy of enough votes, get a new candidate
The filibuster is little more than political tantrum used mainly when the minority party isn't adult enough to accept that they lost.
Your party created the mantle you liar.  Ginzburg was given 93 votes.Stop lying and pretending this is anything else. SC will soon be 7-2.
Just following the #ReidRule. #hypocrite
Durbin, you sir along with all the other Dems are complete hypocrites.
No, every GOP senator who has ever spoken in defense of the filibuster or who has claimed to be a moderate will share in the responsibility.
Umm no, your partisan BS shares the blame.
Bad attention or good attention it's all attention! His name will go down in history very badly....#sad #loser
Merrick Garland
Thank you Harry Reid. #NukemMitch
What  a hateful and vengeful party. The Senate is paving the road on which  Putin supplied the sand; it will crumble along with government.
Thank you, Sen. Durbin. If @SenateMajLdr goes down this path, he & @SenateGOP will bear full responsibility for such a shameful act.
Longtime? As in only the last 25 years or so? BOOM - thanks Harry Reid.
I'm embarrassed that you are my Senator
Well I'm proud of Sen. Dick Durbin, for standing up for what is right.  Let's agree to disagree.
He has a lot of help.
He is greatly responsible for the downward spiral USA is heading in. Thx to obstructing @POTUS44 & disastrous election of @realDonaldTrump!
Bullcrap!! Look in the mirror, then you will see who is responsible! America has opened their eyes! That is why Trump is our president!!!
your president is under investigation for collusion - he will be impeached
Please make it stop!!!
Just as he alone was responsible for #Garland! History likely will not look fondly on this moment.
Are you gonna cry now Dicky
Smh. This is not what we want. Change the nominee period.
That is another @SenateDems lie. @SenatorReid set the stage, @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems have led the way in partisanship. Sore losers! @gop
Make sure to let everyone know it was the dems that changed the rule for their partisan agenda during the Obama administration.
It was McConnell that was filibustering all the judgeships at the time.  It was pure Republican obstruction for 8 yrs led by McConnell.
LOL sore loser....sorry about Hillary....wait...no I'm not
He should have given Garland a hearing and didn't. That was wrogn but so is your obstruction. Two wrongs do not make a right.
Sometimes you just have to put your foot down when someone acts like a baby tip of the hat  to the Dems ... some backbone finally!
I register independent but this charade by Dems gaurentees I vote Republican from now on. Start counting lost votes now.
It's all about his greed for $$$ and power.
He's a power hungry man who cares nothing about the country and people.
Dark money wins, American democracy dies.
Yes he is.
