Breaking News: The GOP health effort narrowly advanced after Mike Pence broke a Senate tie http://nyti.ms/2uWzQFF 
For the life of me I can't understand why anyone still supports these people, forget the idiot in White @WhiteHouse .
.@GOP cannot legislate, never could legislate--only knew how to obstruct, complain, dismantle, destroy... R's are USELESS [why 17% approval]
It's a scarily significant gap of 10 mil people. Bigger than the city of New York!!

We can still #killthebill. We need to pressure GOP Senators. Just need to flip one or two more.

Here's how.

https://www.indivisibleguide.com/hubdialer-signup/ …
Disheartened but not giving up.
Not giving up until Trump is signing the bill, and even then it's temporary. We will win this in the end.
This vote will send the uninsured to the polls
We were driven to polls by Oabamacare. It SUCKS
You will be one of the few happy without HC insurance
Did I say that? I said ACA is unaffordable.
Stop lying-over 80% of those "thrown off healthcare is because they don't sign up. READ CBO information and stop spreading fear!!!!!
The ONLY thing good about that. Now we can lump Pence in with the cruel. Some Christian he is.
Just a few reminders of who the vp is
@GovPenceIN is evil. #FakeChristian #TrumpPuppet with no honor or decency. Just like @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan & @GOP
Evil, corrupt @VP.
All we need now is for Russia to give us an epidemic without healthcare and we are finished. Is that the plan;to kill off a part of society?
Yeah. Glad it's done
So people will not be mandated to buy insurance with a gun to their head from the full force of the United States government? That's good!!
How can you sign up 10 million for Obamacare & this how would throw 22-32 off?  No wonder we have money problems simple math!
The GOP vp or trump do. Or care about Americans they care about lining their pockets
You guys will vote against any bill that makes sense while shooting your self in the foot.

And the humble sincere God loving Pence was ready to do it with a smile and spring in his step!
Remeber: @VP also caused health crisis in IN.  Swell guy. "Mother" must be so......something........
How disgusting! Every senator that voted for this should be voted out of office! To all the female senators you ALL suck throwing kids off!
Only 5-8 million. The rest would willingly opt out. Don't skew the truth.
These numbers are BS propaganda.   There are only about 12 million on OCare now and fewer if it continues because NO ONE can AFFORD IT.
Dear Dick how many ppl will die b/c of this vote to discuss healthcare insurance? There are only 10 mil on O'care and getting fewer each day
What's wrong w/VP voting when there's a tie? Is that wrong now? Democrats voted to keep millions enslaved in a failing system.
You mean the people ocare threw off the plan he promised they could keep? Or the people getting crappy Medicaid we are forced to pay for?
Senator-that's how it works in the case of a tie. I strongly suggest you brush up on your laws
Thank you for always trying, it's appreciated.
You're just jealous because you don't have a VP!!!
Go Mike!!! 
The VP is part of the Senate isn't he?
We want YOUR health care plan Senator. Put yourself in the average US citizens shoes and see how you like it. WE pay you.

Does anybody realize how bad America is looking to the rest of the world. From the diamonds in the sidewalk to the dirt in the gutter. jp
YOU ARE A FEAR MONGER! BEFORE OBAMACARE THEY HAD AND COULD KEEP THEIR OWN DOCTORS. YOU HYPOCRITE!
Elections have consequences.  I am tired of trying to help Americans who are willingly throwing themselves off of a cliff.
Seems you should go back to school.   Giving people choice and removing unfair penalties IS NOT THROWING PEOPLE OUT
Will you use upcoming open debate on ACA replacement to advocate for a #SinglePayer system? #MedicareForAll!
Senators, amend until recess. Save our health care, save the US Senate
THUNE told me to expect all-nighter THURSDAY night into Fri, with final vote whenever Ds tire of offering amendments
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-25/senate-gop-votes-to-debate-health-care-plan-in-hard-fought-step …
Just got to love those GOP  not sure why they wanted to go into public office to begin with apparently they don't care about the people
Did your premiums go up with Obamacare? Oh that's right. You don't pay for insurance anyway!!!!!!
Thank you for fighting for America!  Do all you can to block this horrible tragedy.  You had my vote before, you'll have my vote again.
Mike "Judas" Pence will have a special seat in Hell, if there is one. #FakeChristian.
Pence is going to hell - pretty sure of it.
Judge not, lest he ye judged.
Oh, zip your piehole.  You wanna live in delusion of the hell spawn that is Trump and Pence, be my guest but spare me the rhetoric.
That's kinda his job is to break ties.
Liberals BS
And even worse that the @VP actually did it. I'm beyond disgusted
Will @SenatorDurbin explain HOW the GOP plan FORCES people from their health insurance? Will he apologize to @SenateGOP when he cannot?
just expand MEDICARE to everyone...paid by payroll taxes costs offset by savings to individual & cos save of ins premiums & deductibles...
Figured this was coming for months. Asked the @VP to pray about it. Clearly we don't have the same God.
Dirty GOP murderers!!!
WTH is this? 
Senate expected to vote at 8 pm on a modified Obamacare repeal and replace bill
Death panels are evil as Evil can get! Shame on the Republicans! They will answer for it! Cold hearted jerks in the GOP
Pence is a disciple of the Koch Brothers & Putin.  He will vote their agenda & to hell with everyone else.
Well the GOP said they did not own OBAMACARE. Well now they DO OWN HEALTHCARE PERIOD!!!!
He should be ashamed.
No bill throws people off healthcare and you know better Senator.
And of course the VP didn't disappoint!
This is all very sad  America, where are you going???
I hope @SenateGOP  receives the wrath of their constituents.
Pence's facial expression looks like he has been saying to Trump " you want me to suck WHAT "
And then you all cheered and hugged John McCain. Don't pretend you really care THAT much.
Damn straight ---they are a bit slow bit learning. Do whatever it takes to get the job done. Enough of the Dems lies and alt-left insanity.
Didn't have to but allowed 2 of their members to save face by voting no.
Awsome! I can feel the hand of the democrats being removed from my middle class pocket! Thanks Pence!
Let the hand of GOD lay upon their heads
Need NEW FRESH YOUNG candidates! @GovHowardDean has ideas? Script to youth, energetic, speakers!
How about actual policies that working and middle class Americans can identify with like #MedicareForAll and breaking up Wall Street?
How can you let this happen ???????
Without McCain the motion to proceed would have failed ... thank God for his excellent healthcare ... oh ... damn.
