Thank you, @SenatorDurbin, for standing against this monstrosity.
What mess? Healthcare for 20+ million Americans?
We need a decent healthcare Bill,  not this mess.
Ideas?
I want Senators and Congressmen on the SAME Plan as the American People! It's not about health ins. It's about Health Ins making profits.
HERE"S how to fix it. Back to the days insurance was ONLY for hospitalization
Yea,  this goes all out the window when someone is diagnosed with Cancer and requires multi-million dollar treatments.
Yeah, you didn't 
1) watch it
2) see my "exclusion" suggestion - but you be you and #resist
I did, and its a simple cost sharing program for small expenses,which is great for stitches and bruises,but doesnt do shit for major medical
Your language is objectionable. Clearly, you're too young to recall how it was done prior to becoming insurance for everything.
I remember. It was accident insurance, not healthcare. How do you get your healthcare insurance?
Our family had blue cross - but it was only used for hospitalization. Office visits were $20.  Broken arm maybe $50
We love you @SenatorDurbin for fighting for us! #NoHearingNoVote
Good. Defeat #Trumpcare, then work for #singlepayer. #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA.
Thank you for fighting for us!
Trumpcare is not about representing what the people want, it's about representing what the GOP wants...
None.  They don't open their mail or answer their telephones.
There no life on Mars
Their answering machines are full. Tried most of them!
Don't believe anything you have to say. You only say what liberal Chicago wants to hear. You don't represent all Illinoisans.
How are you going to get Obamacare premiums flat or lowered?  You never address the current Obamacare out of control cost side.
$600B cut from Medicaid support is unacceptable. IL hasn't exactly helped those who have fallen through the cracks w State funds lately.
Thank you Senator. Please keep fighting. Any means necessary. #SavetheACA #healthcareisaright
You don't really think republicans care about what their constituents think do you? They want to dictate while we obey.
@SenateGOP Each of us is a person, once upon a time you represented us. Who do you represent now?
http://bit.ly/2rGO6xy  #HealthcareBill is so bad the @SenateGOP should be ashamed of themselves for choosing over voters health &wellbeing
Do tweets count?  I oppose the bill too.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for opposing!
@Aprillia @SenateGOP I bet about the same
Thank you @SenatorDurbin you truly are a great human being. Your part of a team that has a conscience for the people of the United States 
Just 2000 calls in a WEEK? No wonder Senators seem to be oblivious to their constituents. The need this number of calls (Or more) each DAY!!
Senator Durbin: Stand firm AGAINST #Trumpcare. It's meaner & nothing but a way to give the 1% huge tax cuts they won't even notice! Vote NO!
Thank you for your leadership and representing the people of Illinois!
Of course I try (in Utah) to get through to my senators, leave messages, and no response!
IL where are your numbers? people leaving state it is run so inept under Dems, no budget, lower bond rating than Mexico, Panama.
I read an article that stated the Medicare premiums could double or more under the AHCA.  We seniors can't take an increase like that.
Sen. Thank you. You helped restore my son's nursing care 1999 by getting ins. Co to pay. I just want others to know you do right by the ppl
they have no idea. 2 busy meeting with koch brothers - their benefactor.  why should they care about constituents? they will in 2018 n 2020.
Like they are gonna say anything, They are gonna ram through this bill regardless, do EVERYTHING to fight them, including shutting down!
P.S. your state is bankrupt
prove it.
And I didn't send another one this week because i know you are already fighting for us.  Thank you Senator Durbin.
This steaming pile of  of a bill "enjoys" 17% approval. 

Hey @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP - 

17%

17%

17%

17%

17%

17%

17%

17%
They don't care.
It's, true, it's all about the money
Yup
How many are in your district tens of thousands hundreds of thousands they must want it vote for it to pass it
Thank you for standing up for us!
Here is another vote for no to #TrumpCare
Health care should not be a commodity. Single payer works for the rest of the world. Make America Healthy.
Thank you to your kind and patient staff!
22 million the first year alone lose coverage
I didn't call b/c I knew you were voting against it. Add me to the list opposing #Trumpcare
Why don't you spend more time trying to fix it than just trashing it? Who elected you anyway? Chicago, right?
My call among them!
If I had a vote, I would only vote for UHC. I'd gladly accept an income tax to get that.
At least you have some supporters in the criminal society of democrats
How does a reduction of  $321 bil to the deficit sound Dick?
What are your #s? Thanks for your efforts on this Senator Durban! #NoTrumpcare #TrumpRussia #GlobalWarming AndOnAndOnAndOn. Please persist!
They don't take calls or letters in Tennessee.
Higher than admitted.
To believe you i do not Dum Dum Durbin. I am from ILvand the ACA sucks.
Well @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain? What are YOUR numbers? #VoteNoAHCA
@JeffFlake 
@SenJohnMcCain 

Well, I've been calling your offices daily . . . what ARE your numbers?
Your state is insolvent. Your bloated pension plans will be busted in less than 5 years. What is your plan Senator?  Tax and spend? #broke
Show us your numbers GOP
Thank you!
I've sent at least 50 messages to GOP and 11 senators on committee...
OPPOSE #Trumpcare American lives depend on it!
Millions supporting the repeal of OCARE
#killthekill #donoharm #ioppose #savemedicaid
I've tried to call and gotten full voicemail message. Will my call still be counted?
Your party was responsible for screwing up healthcare.  Sell it to someone who is ignorant.
GOP don't care! Aiming for cross-state-legislation and permanent measures to protect GOP interests not U.S. population
Probably not answering the phone or reading the mail do they can say no opposition noted.
Please include tweets from constituents opposing WealthFare financed by TrumpCare. Trump may be the Wizard of Oz; voters don't want Kansas
Why don't they just kill us outright, it would be easier.
Stop making me pay for other peoples insurance!!! Pay for it yourself!!
Well being from Kentucky I'm just screwed @SenateMajLdr @RandPaul
Thank you. Vote no on cruel #TrumpCare
I oppose the bills, but your lines are too busy to get through. Thanks for fighting for my family.
#PASSTHEGOPHEALTHCAREBILL
Count this as one more opposed to Trumpcare.
I just asked @SenJohnMcCain office for their numbers and they said they don't disclose that: "It's private."
What numbers did u ask for?
The calls/comments they are getting opposed vs. support (total #s & % split)
My numbers come from the inteligence of my head which is getting real tired of being f'd with politicians who need to talk less and act more
This is not a healthcare bill it is the beginning of a major health crisis in this country. Walk the talk Dems.  Lose a little lobby $, care
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator Durbin.  This deathbill is unacceptable! #TrumpCare #
Please stall by introducing thousands of amendments!!!!!
Hard to tell as GOP senators are rigging their polls @senjoniernst
They don't answer their phones but I'm leaving voicemails and tweeting. Thank you @SenatorDurbin
14, but they were all paid agitators.
left Ill because of sanctuary city & what it attracted. Never agreed with your politics.  However, we need HC.  U shld cancel recess, do it
How many have you received in favor of #TrumpCare ? Or do those not count?
As a constituent, I thank you for voicing your opposition to this monstrous bill, @SenatorDurbin.
The rest of the callers are still on hold. We're saya'n Vote No.
Nobody cares about your phone calls.  Americans care about results.  Cancel recess, sequester congress until both side negotiate a HC bill
How many of your letters came with donations from companies you've gotten gov't contracts for, Senator.
Corrupt gop COWARDS know we are aware that they're working for corporate interest and are afraid to face the population they screwed over
Their staff like harassing those who call in opposition. Specifically Thad Cochran's.
I think you lie  or at least exaggerate!
no one likes this bill it hurts the elderly and pre exising conditions and the poor
and is a tax break for the rich
Have you even read it? I am 83 and it doesn't hurt
@SenateGOP has numbers that equal a majority. Stick that in your pipe!
Btw, how's your state doin?
And, now... a tweet to add to the mix. #voteNO on #AHCA #protectourcare #carenotchaos #taxcare
No call from this constituent, I know how you feel.
While we bicker over insurance cost, why isn't anyone outraged over the cost of medical needs? $1K doctors visit? $3k 4 small stitches? Hmm?
I've been wondering that too, why is it like $4k for 2 hours recovery in a hosp room for outpatient surgery?
Because it's a sham. Everyone is squabbling over healthcare peanuts while the overinflated med. costs go unquestioned. They could help too.
Buy reducing health costs. It's a racket.
I doubt they are tracking the ones they let thru. They might have to admit they have no support
Thank you for doing your job! Illinois appreciates you Senator Durbin #doingtherightthingisn'talwaystheeasything
How many have you received in favor of said Bill?
I was one of those calls. Please keep fighting for us.
Democracy in action
You are lost following Nancy Pelosi !!! Say GOODBYE in 2018 now !!!
But how many did you get SUPPORTING it?  That's an important number too.
thank you
You'd have received a lot more had Illinoisans not already known that you would vigorously oppose it to save the lives of your constituents.
Sure u did considering none of u had even read it yet but that did stop any of u from spewing ur prepared speeches on the Senate floor
I fully oppose #Trumpcare. If the only reason you stand pro/ con on an issue is the # of calls/emails you receive, you don't deserve office.
My healthcare should not be in the federal gov't hands. Medicaid expansion was a federal gov't disaster costing taxpayers. States decide.
I've called/tweeted GOP and left msgs ... thanks Senator for standing against this terrible bill
Dick Durbin = cry baby who does nothing.
I don't believe you at all !!!
@RoyBluntMO deliberately letting calls go straight to voice mail. They're cowards, @SenatorDurbin .
How many voted for Trump in November? You're not very bright, are you? We want #Obamacare gone. Get it done or get voted out in 2018, 2020.
@SenDeanHeller had his voicemail off the last time that I called.
that should be illegal.
I'm faxing, phoning and tweeting my opposition to the #TrumpDeathCare bill.The GOP doesn't care about taking health care away from millions.
My GOP senators won't even answer their phone most days. I've had to leave voicemails
Send letters too then. Voice-mail can be ignored. Physical letters are a bit harder to push aside.
