Did @SebGorka fail to disclose ties to neo-nazi group on his U.S. naturalization application? We again asked @TheJusticeDept and @DHSgov. 
How can someone say this is the most dangerous man in America when they haven’t met me 
Trouble maker @SenatorDurbin
As a Jew. Nazis have zero influence in the world today. Stop giving 10000 crazy losers a voice!!!
 When your career is going off the rails, and mental illness sets in. 
What about TRUMP' s  NAZI TIES???
Senator Durban please just be quiet we don’t really have any interest in your comments sir.
Why do you care since you’re so in favor of illegal immigration
This entire administration is disconcerting and needs to be ousted.

And Trump gets the name you snowflake puss y.
How much money do you take from George Soros?
Hail The Magyar! Hail the Vitezian Rend!
How does one conceal that which does not exist? YOU were colleague of Sen Byrd. Does that make you a member of the KKK?
Where are those UFO files you promised the citizens?
Yep, the Russia thing didn't work so now it's Nazi ties. Nice.
Careful Senator your hypocrisy is showing!
This coming from a Senator that's on track to join the former governor of Illinois in Prison. Illinois politicians at their best behind bars
You should be investigated for your corruption in Chicago!
Hey @SenatorDurbin can you please show us @SebGorka neo-nazi ties? Looking to fill out my accessories OK thanx CC: @POTUS
Exactly what nazi ties? name them specifically
Perhaps after Sen. Durbin is investigated for pay to play schemes and politicizing the IRS.
Dick Durbin just can't get him enough Nazi...
i hear Mrs Gorka is still in the WH, where she can feed inside info to her Nazi husband. Unacceptable!
xuck off yah insect
This never-ending defamation will only end when serious legal remedies are properly levied against the perpetrators.
Senator you shouldn't be representing our state in the United States Congress. For the last 30 plus years all you've done is catered Chicago
has still never answered accusations of pedophilia.
Your politics suck. & your deceptions r nothing but a political whim. They mean nothing ... mostly because they lack truth and substance.
Hahahahaha dam
Senators like this need 2 b removed! Feeding in2 the globalist faction politics is how thy divide us. Gorka's more of an American thn Durbin
and you sir Support ANTIFA
: if you know history Islam loved Nazi's & vice versa. Gorka speaks against jihad/Islam. Durbin is a fool.
You have more ties to neo nazis than @SebGorka he loves this country, you want to destroy it! #freespeech #PROTECTPOTUS
While searching for Nazis under every bed , your constituents in Chicago live in a war zone......
Dear Dick-even your mama knew...named you right
"Throw him out!"
Every time a Democrat screeches "Nazi" a @realDonaldTrump 2020 win becomes more certain. Please keep it up
This is a disgusting tweet. This man hails from Illinois, which sends most of its politicians to prison. This is why the left loses
Citizenship should be revoked. It would be/has been for Mexicans naturalized in the US lying on applications.
Thank you Senator for demonstrating why the Dems lost the house, senate, presidency and majority of governors.  Keep up the good work.
@SenatorDurbin should be investigated for concealing his brain.
Not like DICK. He don't hide his Nazi ties.
George Soros WAS a Nazi and he bankrolled Hillary. Patriotic Americans knew this.
#libel
Well ur a senator don't u think that might fall under something u would do??
If you can't win by being honest, just lie & make stuff up, then yell about it real loud. Sheep will come running and join the frey. #baaaaa
....stated the statesman who is told how to think by the "Shadow Goverment" and complies!
Do it!
So which is it? Russia or this? You guys are getting ridiculous. By the end of the year, who knows what your party will accuse them of.
100% agree. Wife still in administration
How come real Nazi ties to Potus were never brought up during two Bush presidencies? After all Prescott was funding Hitler's war machine
Hurry and get Fusion GPS and Awan bros. on it Dick
What kind of BS is this? There is not hint of this spurious accusation. We should look into your past, there will be criminal stuff u hack
You are pathetic and I am glad I never voted for you
Shame on you Mr Durbin. Take care of the serious problems in the Democratic Party. Stop harassing others.
Did you disclose your hatred and outright ignorance before you ran for office ?  Just checking, casting stones can come back on ya.
What a disgusting, absurd thing to say
You should be investigated for how messed up you have made Illinois.

He had no neo-nazi connections.  I'm embarrassed for your obvious ignorance and gullibility, Dick. #LiberalLunacy

Maybe somebody needs to open your closet! You are as dirty as the rest of them!!
No worries Durbin, the truth is going to be very bad! Just saying
Little dick durbin with another ridiculous statement.
The Dick is more a Nazi than anyone else. 
#DemocratsAreNazis 
#DemocratsAreTheKKK 
#DemocratsArePsychopaths
Now do George Soros.
You have always been a hypocritical fraud.
"Neo-Nazi" huh?  You mean like your buddy SOROS??
Did you give back the Campaign contributions from known Nazi collaborator George Soros? Hypocrite!
Are you going to be at the court house tomorrow with Sen Mendez's corruption trial?  Maybe you can beat the subpoena.
@brhodes @SebGorka @POTUS FFS change the record. It's getting REALLY boring
Half his staff is gone snd Good riddance
Neo-nazi ties??? What happened to Russia ties?
Those who slander shoud b held accountable. You are knowingly spreading disinformation and propaganda.Politicians are loathsome. Playing ppl
More lies, as usual
•
Your Dick is showing.
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/clinton-pardons …
Durbin.....making MORONS famous everyday...
Dem gov't officials are consciously using their Antifa brownshirt militia to commit violence for political ends:
ACLU of VA suggests violence was knowingly countenanced so McAuliffe and/or police would have a pretext to declare "unlawful assembly." 
Dems:
#Antifa are Alt-Nazis. 
Your a fool and please keep this going. 2018 will be another Dubbing for the DNC. I am sure u didn't mind the tax cheats BO had
And hopefully have his citizenship revoked.
Are you kidding me?! So now we just smearing our political opponents with the term "neo-Nazis"? This is disgraceful
Absolutely. The @GOP  @HouseGOP @SenateGOP bears a lot of burden for allowing @POTUS menace to this great country! The world is watching!
Fake news
Yep just like #RussiaGate act on lies and rumors to waste $money & weaken #democracy
People have spoke, #maga is what we want
Wait & see!
You should be investigated for setting on your rear listening to Hillary Clinton lie under oath about national security issues. Shameful,
Catherine Gorca who took grant away from Life After Hate should be investigated too and have her security clearance revoked
Another bold face lie pushed by the democrats. Sick Durbin is an absolute joke.
Disgusting.
Dont u mean ur biggest donor George( i killed my own people4 money) Soros 
A Hungarian Jew ( like me).killed& robbed Hungarian Jews
You sell the American people for your bank acc. Mr Durbin
HILLARY SHOULD BE IN JAIL TOO.. BUT YOU SUPPORTED A CRIMINAL ON ALL LEVELS INCLUDING MURDER OF BENGHAZI 4..
Good thing Democrats have such high standards
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons …
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/clinton-pardons …
Did nazi Gorka get a security clearance??? If so, issuing authority must be investigated.
#Prison4tRump
#tRumpRacist
@POTUS @VP @FBI @DHSgov
You should be investigated by the medical community to find out where all your brain cells disappeared to.

Injustice is the cause of all wars
#We_Are_One #trump #islam
You have to stop making accusations without proof. This is getting very old. Grow up!
Naturalization papers can be revoked, can't they?
If Gorka lied on forms (which is likely) then, yes, he can have his citizenship revoked.
Gorka's abt to release hatevia RegneryPub
Regnery family's proNazi history
 #NazisInTheWhiteHouse
Regnery's publishing another
Breitbart& 45WH Nazi S. GORKA
"DefeatingJihad:TheWinnable War"
…
Er sollte verhaftet werden , und das so schnell wie möglich. Befreien sie American von diese corrupten Nazis Terroristen
Yeah, so should George Soros
I hear there's a Submarine lurking off the Coast waiting to take him to a Jungle Compound in Argentina.!  @realDonaldTrump @ADL_National
When is @SenatorDurbin going to be investigated for his insta-wealth resulting from his senatorial seat & connections to leftist groups?
Durbin is another clueless Dem that needs to keep his mouth shut. Anything for a Lib vote. Shameful behavior. Shameful.
So well say !
When are you going to call out Hitler collection boy George Soros?  Oh thats right you are probably bought by him.
How many turds are hiding in your corrupt closet?
The WH is filled with hate. Where did America go  ? Who are we ? What happened to us ?
What did your Russia lies not work?
No more so than what Soros left out of his " relationship" with the Nazi SS !
DICK YOU'RE the "man" who compared our troops to Nazis We won't forget that & neither will they YOU ARE ANTI MILITARY & ANTI POLICE
DICK what could be more revolting than a Jew turning fellow Jews in to the Nazis with NO REMORSE That's UR FRIEND & BENEFACTOR @georgesoros
The Democratic Party should be banned: It's a Bolshevik organization that promotes sexual perversion, societal disintegration, abortion etc.
And the Republican party is an evangelical organization that promotes Christian theocracy, persecution of minorities, and voter suppression.
Durbin is a total load an old school do nothing back biter
Senator, with respect, other than tweeting, what is going to be done about this disaster potus?
Dick Dirbin should be investigated for his ties to convicted oedophile Mel Reynolds.
You should be investigated for terrorist ties.  No one defends terrorists more than you, @SenatorDurbin
You should be investigated for fascism.
I never heard you complain about Al Sharpton a racist POS advising Obama!
This kind of rhetoric is what causes division stop the hate! Shame on you senator.
"Shame on you for calling out racism and Nazi sympathizers! Don't you know that being mean to fascists is what causes divison?"
"Wake up!" shouted the man stridently attempting to shut down people pointing out that #gorka lied on his forms.
Your still asleep, come back to reality.
"Come back to reality," urged the man still unable to accept that #gorka lied on federal forms.
Give it a rest, the smear campaign is still not working and quick frankly it's boring, get a new gimmick already.
#LockThemUp
This president has hired the worst people possible.





A Liberal calling someone they disagree with a Nazi and/or racist?!?! I'm shocked. Never heard that one before.
Absolutely, and why this was allowed to happen is beyond common sense!
Senator Durbin you should be investigated for still belonging to a the racist, segregationist Democrat NAZIS.
Reagan, Bush, Bush all cowed to your smears and lies. But your smears don't work anymore. You're just a disgusting hack from a bnkrupt state
And this is what the Senate has become. Throwing out name calling like a 3rd grader.
Do you really thing AG Sessions will do anything about that. You guys need to stay on his butt when he steps out of line.

First good job for him leaving now no wait he's a nazi. This rabbit hole is endless
What are you feelings on your colleague Robert Menendez and his corruption trial that begins this week?
From the guy who compared  US Troops to  Nazis, Soviets, and Pol  Pot. Jesus Joe you going to to start retweeting Bill Ayers?
There are a total of 535 Members of Congress. 100 serve in the U.S. Senate , 435 serve in the U.S. House . x174000 per year wow #waste
You are my senator sir - PLEASE IMPEACH TRUMP - 2018 will be brutal for the @GOP


"O" Admin DOJ "WitchHunt" Against Sheriff Joe Arpaio...Lead by now DNC Chair Tom Perez, Says something about @TheDemocrats
Doesn't it???
The Summer of 2017...#TheDNCIsOverParty...@TheDemocrats
Tell us some kid in your office is spreading an unfounded smear and not a sitting, US Senator from a great old state?
