
Too bad their parents broke the law.
Why take your hate out on children
Oh stop! It's not hating anyone. People need to come here legally. If I go to any country, I have to follow their immigration laws.
Shhh! Dems hate when you talk about other countries efforts to establish sovereignty.
Who cares about the actual citizens being displaced because democrats have abandoned Americas laws for handful of votes from illegal aliens.
Displaced how? In jobs that most Americans don't want to do anyway?
Little thing called the law that says otherwise. Remember the law? That thing you keep skipping over to get votes.
The are not as American as my child.  NO WAY!
... the wretched refuse of your teeming shore, send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed, to me: I lift my lamp beside the golden door.”
Do something already!!  Tired of watching all dems waste my tax money!!!
"immigration status" is actually really important from a legal standpoint.
I'll agree to take 100 dreamers for every democrat politician sent to Mexico. Deal?
This is another reason why democrats will lose big again in 2018 and 2020.
DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS
You mean Illegal immigrants. Not at the expense of the current American people who are scraping the bottom of the barrel to make ends meet
They are breaking the law ... Then again, laws do NOT matter to democrats ...
Any chance you can reconcile pushing for abortion rights while at the same time demanding we pour in foreign born?
#defendDACA?? Dreamers, some brought here by no fault of their own, should be allowed to stay, (but no special treatment or legalization).
"Except"? Are you trying to fool America? Guess it's working so far.
Which means they are not American.
Son, majority on welfare are white. Like you. Losers who can't keep a job.
Funny thing is, illegals can't apply for welfare.
Not to mention another 800,000 voters for you.
“Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free"
From a purely legal perspective, you are WRONG!  They are NOT American.  Do NOT cheapen our citizenship!
Nope, just future demoidiots is all
All of Congress needs to be prepared to fight this Whitehouse on their flawed message. Show everyone that America will be greater w/o them
Today"s Dem Talking Point.  DACA. 
You cannot be serious - illegals are NOT entitled to leach from our citizens; you were elected to protect & defend AMERICANS.

That isn't true. Americans have to follow the law.
American every way but actually speaking English and wait for It.  being an American.
@RealJamesWoods This is just a complete and redicilous contradiction in terms. Immigration status = Non American! I break the law=American?
We have citizens who are homeless and elderly people trying to survive on scraps and you want to focus on people who are here illegally? 1/
2/We have enough problems regarding our own citizens. So busy worried about someone else when your own house is on fire. Priorities people.
'Except immigration status'. Which means, they are illegal. Lawbreakers. Criminals. Get out, apply, and get in line.
Americans aren't even living the American dream, but you guys need the votes right?
how about identity fraud using a fake or someone else's social security # is that ok how about if a citizen did that
You just want their votes. How many on your committee live near Hispanics?
Why didn't they apply for citizenship? Many of our own cictizens are living in poverty? Don't you think that we should help them first?
Stop trying to sound like Holier than thou. They should all be dealt with on a case by case basis after the criminals are thrown out first.
Trump is a white nationalist.
Not even close to being American.  They are illegal and criminals
Drug dealers are pharmacists in every way except licenses. That shouldn't stop them from living their dream.
No, they are not American in every type of way. They are ILLEGAL. They came here/were brought here illegally
No they are not. They have been taught to be criminals by their criminal parents. SEND THEIR ILLEGAL ASSES HOME!
Open up those private gated communities you live in, and let some move in with ya! Show your solidarity. We'll wait.
And thieves are great people who just don't feel like paying for things. 
They need leave and file for immigration status. My wife had to come in under the law of the US. They are no better than my wife. @FoxNews
Better than some Americans born here- as they're getting a free ride. No taxes, free tuition, etc.
You should think of Americans achieving the American Dream before illegals.
That they were brought into the country illegally is what stops them from living the American Dream.  Support legal immigrants instead.
They must applied again demonstrate  that will not take a job from Legal Immigrant or US citizen .
No more freebies
You mean they get Obamacare. Get put above American kids for college assistance... NO they have it better!
I would like to amend your statement by making it mandatory that the Dems must house each DACA and feed them.
Fund the wall & put mandatory e-verify in place to negotiate w @realDonaldTrump for amnesty otherwise the EO is toast
Immigration needs reform. Dreamers should have a dual-citizenship pathway as long as they continue to be learning, working here.
Then the Democrats should accept full financial and legal responsibilities for any accepted as residents until they meet citizen status.
They would just stick the bill onto the middle class
Ment take personal and individual financial and legal responsibility like a sponsor with responsibility enhancements.
Oh go get over urselves. Y'all have caused enough problems for we the ppl(true Americans) in our country. Y'all r out 4 urselves only
Impeach Trump already. He's shown his incompetence, his deceitful nature, & his hateful ideology. Push @realDonaldTrump out of the WH
Dreamers are American in every way except their #illegal #aliens. @SenateDems
Yeah, you promised them other hard working peoples money, and don't give a damn about America's homeless & vets. Traitors.
Thing will change when you acknowledge facts. Living in denial is counterproductive
The Democratic Party is in the dumpster, the budget is in the dumpster, you are incapable of creating healthcare, we live in violence ...
SHUT UP. WE THE AMERICAN CITIZENS WILL NOT TOLERATE THE @HouseDemocrats OR @SenateDems TO CONTROL OUR RIGHTS. LIARS AND MANIPULATORS ALL DEM
What is the next step?
They're not Americans. DEFEAT DACA ! Americans FIRST. Our government should think of Americans First, not last.
Yup...gloves off! Gotta give it to racist grandpa & his yallqaeda base!
Immigration status is ALL that is relevant! Laws consistently applied!
You mean the important status which makes them not American.
What more powerful motivator do illegal aliens need than to give status to their kids? Why bother with immigration laws at all.
As always, supporting the criminals over American citizens... #DefendDACA
No. It shouldn't.
No offense but this is why your losing. .. we just had riot, @potus incredibly messed up , attack what can be attacked and stay in message
Learn from your Republicans counter parts, if this would have happened under Obama or Clinton (Bill), they would call for more outrage...
They would have had the fire hoses on them. They should have done that. I was hoping it would happen Sat. No luck. racists bigots, sickos
