You said it was cold but not that it was not justifiable or against the law. Do u think judges exist only to make you feel good?
Of course his ruling isn't unlawful,the point,it was a judgement against a plaintiff who wasn't in anyway at fault.
From what I read he missed a refueling station which caused the entire mess and the company gave him an option to wait for help
That has nothing to do with the fact that the brakes froze up.
Which wouldn't have been an issue if he did not miss his fuel stop and then just stayed at that station.
Obviously you are not and have never been a truck driver.
True, are you one though? Besides, how am I wrong?
No my brother is an he's told me all about the perils of trucking driving.
No vote on illegitimate nomination by an administration under criminal investigation.
Obviously this nominee display's more courage and ethics than @SenatorDurbin
Making laws based on your feeling is why #Chicago is a war zone!!!
You are not going to like every decision.  Voted for him 10 years ago. Stop being partisan hack! Approve Gorsuch!
https://twitter.com/jr1pittman/status/844136733453275137 … We the PeopleDemand DNC,produce @VODolton Chk#046637,used in Fraud Upon the Court Case!
No confirmation until Potus is not under investigation. Do everything in your power. Salt the earth.
Didn't need the music. It's bad all on it's own.
#resist #Trumpcare #StopGorsuch
Please vote not on this an all other nominations of this administration.They are all fruit of the poisonous tree.
lololololololololololol
I am from Illinois and ashamed of Durbin's mean spirited partisan nature.  Your party lost the election, move on!
The sad piano music is over the top and unnecessary.
Maybe if Gorsuch had  music playing when ruling on this innocent mans termination he'd found his 
you r asking questions that are ridiculous of a man with great integrity...don't be a bad guy. You r above it.
Honestly, I think the Dems shouldn't be at hearings since they never gave one to Garland.
Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court vacancy must be delayed until he and his team are cleared of  wrongdoing.

#Tillerspin: Travel To Russia By Our Government Representatives Should Be Suspended, Until The Russian Collusion Investigation Is Concluded. 
this alone should disqualify him. #blockgorsuch
#Illegitimatepresident appointee a BIG FAT NO #Gorsuch stop #GorsuchHearing until #IndependentCommission complete
you are traitors to this country. Shamefull. You are all bought and paid for. You are godless
Awesome job today at SCOTUS nom hearing. Proud you are my Senator & fighting for all of us. We support you %
Fine, but we want to see some heat! Make him squirm, please! #HotSeat
now, are you going to also talk about how his personal feelings didn't play a factor in the rule of law?
Background music aside, it's not enough for Gorsuch to say God a few times to show he cares about others
honest to gods, you need to hire some former Republicans. They are way better at media messaging.
This man cannot be confirmed- cant happen. Its not like we can wait for him to be out in 4 years or oust him
A vote for Gorsuch is a vote for corporations and against workers.
#ChickenLittle tactics to support the #manufacturedmeltdown nothing to be proud of, shameful
wow
why are they holding these hearings when potus may be a traitor???
thank you, sir
Durbin your monologue was complete gibberish. Chucky shouldn't embarrass you that way.
That's my guy. Representing Illinois like a boss
#ImpeachTrump
Demoncrats should not let Rep nominee go to Supreme Court don't participate like          Rep no hearings walkOut
Dems say no to Rep choice for Supreme Court  stop let Rep treat  Democrats  like a  big group of  Chicken Dems.
It isn't a judge's job to rule based on feelings.  A judge ruling based on A direct textual reading is correct.
Stop the insane idea that subjective feelings should rule the day.
a guy being fire for breaking the company rules he agreed to when hired oh the horror. Happens daily
Is the nominee the a ntichrist too?
And your point is? Is he qualified or not?
Gorsuch is Bork in sheep's skin. Better looking, better suits. Same wing nut theology. Block him, he is dangerous
vote no for judge gorsuch, this guy is heartless
I'm sure there's much more than what's portrayed in this case.
Cold feet in a truck ?? Yeah that'll bury him ? WTF are you Dems doing ?? @SenateDems  @SenSchumer @SenWarren
no confirmation while WH admin under investigation. Just makes sense.
HE SHOULD NOT BE GETTING A HEARING AT ALL. What the hell is wrong with you? #FilibusterGorsuch
Given entrenched partisanship as new norm, super majority needed 4 all decisions in quest 4 comprehensive review
Dems  fight w/butter knife while the GOP fights w/ a machete. DEMS need younger  energetic blood.
screw this crooked dishonest man he has rippled many times to hurt people's welfare . A wolf in sheep clothing
.@SenateDems @SenatorDurbin a president under @FBI investigation should NOT appoint new #SCOTUS #Gorsuch #ComeyHearing
Just impeach him already. They have pen(is)ce on deck anyway so why drag this out
truth tellin' plain and simple...not a judge for the people!!!! #NoGorsuch
I see your point but loose the piano accompaniment, it really takes away from your argument.
NO to Gorsuch!!!! That seat rightfully belongs to Merick Garland!!
Say NO to Judge Gorsuch
GUYS don't vote this guy in. BLOCK HIM!
Background music so seriously annoying I stopped watching.
Don't do this if you want your message to get across.
Funny I didn't even hear it. I heard the message.
u lost get over it, he will be confirmed 
You lost in 2008 and 2012, but clearly Obama's choice was obstructed by the losers. It's karma.
I'm sorry. But whomever put this to piano music made it unwatchable.
he has such a sympathetic and concerned look on his face ...
that is some terrible background music. Yikes
Oh my God how do you people sleep at night? This is the show of shows. Drama at the hearing?
Is that the one to where he decided he couldn't make up the law?
The music is a bit heavy handed and distracts from the message.
agreed.
Neil Gorsuch does not know the difference between a dash and a hyphen.
