You underminded the health care system with Obamacare which is callapsing and costs getting higher and higher
Why can't you?
Ironic you would say this. The ACA, your own health care system as passed, has already "undermined" America's health care system!
Believe it, trump cares only for himself and the profits for him, his family and his cronies.
Thats why he took office with no pay right? Because he's selfish and only cares about his profits?
Yes, he is rolling back protections to increase profits, it is a money grab for him. He is also a narcissist and needs to feed his ego
You already undermined it by introducing Obamacare 
Honey, I can tell from your profile pic that you're not a rocket scientist.
The healthcare system sucks,thanks to obama
What healthcare system? I will not vote for you ever again!
I believe it. It's all about "winning" a point for himself even if it means lying & tearing down the US.
Why don't you get on the Obama Care plan for a year then tell us how to fix it.  You can afford it where most of us can't.
I totally can.
I can.
After you got through with it, Durbin, we didn't HAVE a healthcare system. We just had mandatory insurance that covered very little.
I can't believe you have the standenes to believe anyone cares what you think.
His voters do not want health care, but tax breaks for the rich and oppression of minorities and women. That's why they voted for him.
Wrong..you forgot about his EGO
Well I can't believe you are happy that some of your constituents are paying $30000 a year for insurance   Please explain that
I'm with you Gary!
What happened to we will be able to see our own doctors and go where we want for healthcare.
This president is not a true public servant.
What about the do no harm where Obama care doubled my premums and dedictables? Obamacare hurt more than helped.
What happened to the $2500 savings Obama and you promised.  Oh wait maybe you were supposed to say additional cost
and I can't believe you still have a job.  You do know you're completely worthless right?
Sadly, I can...
Why? You undermined my health care along with millions of other people's!!
Are you and/or your staff getting the subsidy?
There is nothing he wouldn't do. No compassion no ethics and no morals
He has a very limited capacity to understand complex issues. This the Senate just needs to move on without him.
Sir: why are so many health care providers leaving state after state? In most cases leaving only one carrier. Collusion among carriers?
Undermining??? Are u serious. Repeal Obamacare and get quality affordable ins back. They only ones not complaining get it for free!
if it doesn't go his way...then he'll poison it for all.
This is what. A Nazi pres
does..take away..
Oh believe it baby.
It's the ACA not @POTUS who threatens the health and welfare of millions - stop lying to the American people you bunch of Socialists!
@realDonaldTrump & Republicans only care about tax cuts for uber rich & big corporations. Those ppl already have access 2 ins & gr8 care!
I can! @realDonaldTrump & Republicans don't care about America's health care system unless it affects them (as long as they keep gov ins)! 1
Hmm. I can. He's an idiot.
Thanks Senator Dick Durbin , Hope that the President and the Congressmen work
out something to give Health Relief to ALL.   Joan Hunt
I can believe it, u are expecting normal from abnormal. Familiarize urself with narcissism, it will help
IF you can't believe Trump would want that you have your eyes closed & most Americans don't. He is ignorant and uncaring. Is the @GOP also?!
Thank you for being my senator! You and Tammy are doing a great job in holding Comrade Agent Orange Clown's feet to the fire. Give 'em hell.
So frustrating plus it is a literary nightmare the way they rant.
Sadly, that is about all a BULLY can do Can't seem to fix anything, just break it so no one else can play with it... smh  @realDonaldTrump
You're sweet. I have no problem believing this at all. The man is a grifter who's spent his life hustling people.
Will you block tax reform as well?
Affordable healthcare is one thing, it is something entirely different to expect the govt to pay for your healthcare. 
That is socialism.
So true Those With More Than Enough #TWMTE trying to get rid of as many of Those Without Enough as quickly as possible is #inhumane no #RED
Stop saying you can't believe. I've known people like this. They will do everything you can't believe.
Stop being a Rick then Durbin!
So @SenatorDurbin fight it like hell sir. For the folks who have their hands full caring for their kids and, frankly, for all of US! Thanks.
He threatening Congress and he will do what he says...he's got pen and paper in hand and you all are about to lose your Taxpayer Subsidy.
djt's life/career focused on benefiting him & his family-not others. It's terrifying to see ppl surprised at djt's actions
Here we go folks government about to run out of money in September, Deep State ready to collapse economy,I warned you fools, Get ready!
I can't believe a US Senator would call our brave soldiers all kinds of nasty names, Dick Durbin.
Trump is trying to save the system after you and dems botched it with Obama care.  Get real dick!
#I LOVE Dick Durbin
Believe it
Believe it-Trmp threatened exactly that-
they are not american
Congress has undermined the healthcare .
I can't believe Dems passed a law without reading it and knowing the costs were unsustainable. Now they blame the Ored & Republicans... sad.
Well Dick, @POTUS doesn't give a crap about anyone of us...or America for that matter.
I can.
Me.either..cant believe people voted him as our President..
He hasn't he threatened Politicians healthcare 
Americans don't have Healthcare under Obamacare they pay for insurance & out of pocket
Dude! When are you guys going to wake up and see what this man really is? He is dispicable!
I can!!
I can. He's Donald Trump!
Time for #SinglePayer
Unbelievable he should not be president he doesn't care about anybody but himself & his family My opinion he's the he has A black soul 
Make that NO soul.
He didn't undermine it you morons set it up to fail so the Hildebeast would order a government takeover, but then my boy Trump won! Thank Gd
That was you and your party to our family and millions of others. Get out of the bubble dude and get a grip on the truth
I can
Why can't you believe it? Enough. Impeach now.
That's right Obama has ruined the healthcare business in America
Damn you've got to believe it by now!
oh sure you can
anything is possible under @realDonaldTrump
I can believe it. Trump is out to serve one man alone, and history will hate him more than the resisters! #NotMyPresident #ImpeachTrump
I can believe anything from him.
U better believe it. Ur "friends across the aisle" r empty suits with no conscience owned by Kochs n Industry! No ones friends!
I can he don't care, take away his millions and see what happens
1) This system is already hurting all the people you claim to represent. The ACA is a terrible bill and it is unconstitutional.
2) It's taking away jobs, its costing too much, and it's shutting down small businesses. It's a terrible system, and is hurting Americans

Why can't the millions get real jobs and provide their own healthcare. Or do we just depend on someone else to fix our own problems forever.
you mean not supporting the crap Obama and the crimocrats shoved down our throats
Obamacare is nothing but subsides to http://Ins.co ....then you get paid by lobbyist to vote for it. Dems..open your eyes.....damn!
How many billions of$ was stole from fanny and freddie to prop it up...dummy
O BAW MAH undermineded our health Care system obviously with No help the POTUS is trying to better it for AMERICAN'S HELLO!
Healtcare wasnt perfect but Obamacare made it worse!
I cant believe Dems didn't pass #MedicareForAll when they had the chance
Yes. All of US missed out when that didn't advance. Too bg a step for people to take I guess but that's very Sad!
Do you actually pay your interns or are they your slaves?
The Democrat party is the greatest threat to the United States of America. You obstructionist losers all need to retire !!
Why not?  The last president did.  I had to change insurers and go to a plan with a higher deductible because of what you did.
I can. He's an ass.
Dems followed thru with the threat and already destroyed health insurance for millions. Higher deductibles, co-pays, lost dr's & hospitals.
I can't believe you voted for Obamacare and actually DID undermine our health care. #hypocrite
Please continue to stand up to this #nonsense
Dick u know the health care system is weaker than most of your speeches. You were a blind lapdog for Obama and helped create this mess.
And how about the fact that they keep telling US that we'll find out what his military plans are when he acts on them. So we have no say?
The unsustainable, expensive, high-deductible ACA is what threatens America can healthcare.
#Trump's evil. Only way he can "win" (whatever that means) is to throw millions off healthcare, &make coverage for preexisting unaffordable?
No Obama & Democrats endangered healthcare when you crammed ObamaCare down our throats. Failure from day 1.. Remember all the lies U told us
Sure, he will! He only cares about winning--at all costs. He cares about nothing other than winning
Cmon Dick it may be your name but @POTUS acts like one 
Why not. He has no restraint. Unless people like him get knocked down they do harm every day of their life.  God has to throw them down.
Anyone over there going to stop him??
cant the Legislative Branch block him? you control the money.  then dont pay the executive branch if trump doesnt follow the current law.
Wish you would quit referring to healthcare as a system and call it what it is. Insurance.
Almost 7 months for 45. I believe he would threaten Ams because he is a deplorable person who has no empathy for anyone.@realDonaldTrump
I can believe THIS President would.
I can't believe your first name is Dick
Why can't you believed out? It seems to be the GOP's reason for existence.
Believe it
evidence I can read. I can't believe my senator has spent years destroying my state and now my federal government
Trump mortally threatened all of our safety conspiring with our sworn enemy Russia. A hop, skip and a jump to other dangers, seems to me....
I can't believe Obama care was so flawed that is didn't require payments. To bad, you didn't read it before voting.
I can. All because he hates obama. Moronic crazy bigot
I love the use of workds, like threaten and undermine. Didn't the dems agree that ACA is failing? Medicaid should b seperate from healthcare
Then you must be the only one. Rest of us see him for the vicious tantrum throwing child he is.
I just can't believe anything that comes out the mouth of a Democracy Congressperson. They all have been lying for 8 to 10 months now.
How did this show right when I posted. FUNNY
I can't believe @SecPriceMD added me on Facebook agreeing with lifesaving #ACA for my husband(I have proof)then blocked me when @Potus hired
nothing surprises me. This President threatens millions every day.
I wouldn't have believed it either until @realDonaldTrump. Now nothing surprises me. #ImpeachTrumpNow
I can and he did
did you know that he cancelled his nephew's health insurance that's just the kind of guy trump is
Trump wanted to be a Russian Oligarch, Putin snubbing him now. So now your ALL gonna pay.
I believe it, I just don't believe it should be tolerated.
Really? Everything he's done has been for his own personal gain. He could care less about Americans. #DonTheCon
A sick man who's not even supposed to occupy the WH. He's unscrupulous & filled with hate and bigotry. #trumprussia  #TrumpCrimeFamily
He must first cut the 73% subsidy that 1%ers like yourself & other members of Congress enjoy at taxpayers expense. Pay this money back Sen.
Don't u understand that he mitch ryan and pence are undermining the very fabrics of our Democratic Society
With this President - it's par for the (Trump) course. #RecklessDon
You really that ignorant??  Smdh
?
I can - he's a despicable human being who cares nothing for the people who voted for him and has open contempt for those of us who didn't.
Your really stoned out aren't you.  You need a check up and brain scan. ObamaCare, has wasted trillions, left millions uninsured and failed!
Trump is trump.  A bully
What can't you believe. You and your fellow Democrats undermined him and you expect him to work with you.
He cares only for himself.. he is not mentally equipped to be president
It was named after a Black man, who may (or may not) have been born in Kenya, who made fun of him in a comic speech. So yes, he'll do it
I as a voter have been watching the #RepublicanParty harming the Majority of Americas People for Decades, & @TheDemocrats ServingWALLstreet2
I can.
Enough already. He is OUR President! Quit alienating 1/2 of Illinois voters. You are rich, not all of us are. ACA cost us dearly Sir.
Nailed it... thx
I can.
https://www.mercatus.org/statefiscalrankings?gclid=CjwKCAjwzYDMBRA1EiwAwCv6Jo63W6zhu6nSY5G2dJK2hh2NZ2hoaPGJ3vr54Xn5HoyComnC4WKjexoCYAEQAvD_BwE …. http://www.kwqc.com/content/news/Illinois-school-budget-takes-the-spotlight-in-Springfield--437820723.html …. I think you should get off twitter and get to work loser.
He's going to undermine you freeloading congress ppl.
If you left the mandate that requires ppl to buy health ins millions of ppl will choose not to have it they won't lose it Dems lie
This President would do anything and say anything to further his agenda. Not anything like a true presidential agenda, but his own agenda.
His own Agenda?  Lower taxes, secure the border, defeat ISIS, fix failing Obamacare, drain the pathetic swamp, stop riots, secure bathrooms!
A President wouldn't. But we have a fruit basket with some nuts thrown in running the White House right now. You are an exception.
It is hard to believe that a US President can behave that way. But Trump, yeah, I can believe that he can.
...you've met him, right? Because I can COMPLETELY believe it.
You've been doing it !!!
Holding the American people hostage, our suffering would force you to the table..what he calls THE ART OF THE DEAL.
While they continue to sabotage ACA and making us suffer.
You can't believe it?  Jees, I have no doubt about his undermining the American people.  Makes my blood boil!
Senator: Lawsuits by the dozen have been filed; they take time. Sen. Health Comm. Chair demanded subsidies payment be approved. Help needed.
I'm afraid we have an Out-of-Control Executive who will simply do what he likes. We may need a Supreme Court injunction to force compliance.
Wishful thinking.  Haha..
Really? I believe he would do that. #hardball #inners #SaveACA
As long as Obama name is on it that devil dont give a dawm about millions of people that's very ill and need their health insurance
I would believe it. He has never in his life lived as a regular American. He can not be expected to have one ounce of empathy/understanding
Of course you can believe it. trump is not a decent man, he is an untrustworthy liar.
#NewProgressiveEra
Believe it. It's true. He's a pig.
At this point, what is shocking about that? I mean, really?
From a guy using Hitler and Goebbels propaganda playbook, believe he will do anything.
Unfortunately, I can.  He's a degenerate.
Maybe we can get @1ChairmanFredJr to primary you? we can have a safety net and real re-insurance without all the snouts in the trough.
Have you met the guy?!
I can. He's a spoiled man child that will stop at nothing to get his way. Are we great, yet?
I can’t believe the President of the United States would threaten millions of American families by undermining our health care system. 
We are on our way no thanks to the sic party of left radicals... Riots, dead cops, open borders, ISIS expanding, massive debt. No Thanks! Ha
Threatening, bullying, humiliating, condemning ... all part of the @POTUS package. I'm surprised that your surprised!
well when you take on radical lefties, who left massive debt, failing health care, riots, dead cops, ISIS expansion, corrupt govt. get um DT

It's a work in progress making d health care comparable 4 all American & a bi-partisan way may hv 2 be d way 2 go a #workinprogress!!
Dude, stop pandering.  You know thats not true.
believe it he is a tyrant.
Then do something about it! Rather than talk about it!
yet you shoved aca down our throats you can keep the name on it slick, it just has to be affordable. get your snouts out of our trough.
i can
Sorry, but believe it! He cares for no one other than himself & then a long way back is his family.
Have you seen the president? I believe it.
Some people! Trump University offered seminars! Nothing more! Can't they read?
I learned some stuff from watching you on tv. Thank you.
Sadly, nothing Trump does surprises me. He has no morals or values!
Well he is trying to keep grown men out of girls bathrooms, which is just more the fine for your party.  And you speak of morals and values.
I can.  
I can't believe dems haven't tried to correct the high premiums and deductibles when they had the chance. Take some blame and do something.
Really. He's a rich asshole who cares nothing about serving anything but his own interests.


