@rebelstar83 no
In the Republic of Exxon it's important to keep the press away.

Either unaware or doesn't care.  Not good either way.
@sobernhappy *was
@SenatorDurbin I found his actions very disyurbing.5
Indeed.  These are not stupid people, with the exception of #DirtBagDonnieTheDOLT.  #FNC @CNN  #ImpeachAndReplace.
.@KellyO Tillerson's boss has dictated to him that the press is the enemy of the people. Welcome to Trump's America in 2017.
#Trump is on the DOWN elevator.  #ImpeachAndReplace.
@FNC @CNN @RexTillerson <-----CompleteTransparency or LEAVE!
Probably.

Is this his decision or that of his boss?
administration and his believers dont care about press freedom. They want a dictatorship and are fine with it
@aravosis Excellent point. And no, he's not aware of that or any other subtlety.
@arusbridger Why? To report whether or not Tillerson shook someone's hand? #MerkelmeetsTrump
Has @realDonaldTrump administration given any indication they value freedom of the press? Seems Donald prefers state media FOX more.
I FLUSHED #FakeFoxNews when they started humping Trumps leg.. #PissedOffExGOP #ImpeachAndReplace
Which shows that freedom of the press is NOT important to Tillerson
Tillerson is only aware of what's best for Tillerson
Screw HIM.  It's about our DemocraticRepublic and FreePress. He can leave any time he can't handle Media. Fed Up! @FNC
Tillerson, like Trump, thinks he's running a corporation, and doesn't need the press except when it benefits him.
perfect way to explain it!!
Big shot has a lot to learn. It's NOT about HIM..He works 4 #WeThePeople & we want total TRANSPARENCY. #RexTillerson
that's not something he cares to communicate
he speaks oil. That's it.
@sherrilee7 he is indeed unaware... Clueless even...
@boris3324 I believe it purposeful to imply exact opposite
@PeterWSinclair we are sending a message that we have abandoned our values.
China is more free than America's Trump.
Is the press aware that reporting the truth is the correct way to journal the history of a nation and a moral imperative?
i agree with you.even though i am a chinese boy
Plus we do have a right to know this isn't a total fascist state as yet
HE THINKS HE IS STILL RUNNING EXXON
no
It's safe to assume that a) he is completely unaware and b) he doesn't believe in a free press, anyway.
@PeterWSinclair they're making private energy deals with the United Corporations of America : the new petrostate.
@arusbridger It's an American value but not a Republican value.
Same as Praising Mao by Obama administration leadership was very informative
@Jimmyspolitics Real Q: Dies he care? 
@arusbridger I feel this administration is more like China and cares little about American values.
Yes. He won't have thought of that, because he hasn't a clue what he's doing.
@SenatorDurbin What does it say that far right conspiracy theorist news bloggers are taken and well respected reporters aren't.
good
@SenatorDurbin Honestly,  by now,  we have to chalk this type of thing up to being part of some larger purpose.   Not incompetence
@SenatorDurbin no he isn't.  That's not why he was hired.  He was hired as part of a debt Trump paid back to Putin.
@pressfreedom Yes
media must critique this severely.  no holding back to be polite or obsequious.
@pressfreedom Of course not!  Tillerson still thinks he's a boss only accountable to shareholders not the American people!
This administration is not big on American values.
Real question: Isn't he aware that barring press on a trip to China shows China America doesn't value free press. May be his point.
No, I'd say he's very aware
@RayLong China already sees Trump as a useful idiot, so impressions or pretense mean nothing to them.
@jolingkent The press are practicing destructive criticism rather than constructive, why expose that to the outside world?
Tillerson is also #Putinspuppet ! That's why he detest the #Press !
@SenatorDurbin 
Probable m'dear that neither Tillerson nor Trump give a hoot. Supporting Democracy not their thing.
@SenatorDurbin it might be Americas value but it is not shared by this Administration & @realDonaldTrump has made that clear 2world
@SenatorDurbin my taxes pay for Secy Tillerson's job. Full press and transparency at all times.
@SenatorDurbin Apparently!
Does Tillerson/Trump even think press freedom is an important American value?
He doesn't care. 
Press freedom is NO longer an American value. We don't do that sort of thing anymore.
@SenatorDurbin He lacks that awareness. This is the problem of putting someone with no public service in a diplomatic position
Make your own arrangements.
@CathleenHolt15 And after he said that he had to change his Depends.
not important to him.
@bruntofitall would love if the media would boycott Trump rallies, pressers. Completely engage in investigative journalism instead.
@bruntofitall Apparently press freedom is no longer an important American value during this Trump empire.
it's a miracle that $XOM didn't fall apart under his regime.
@SenatorDurbin I would not take them either!!!!! Dem spies
SOMEONE WITH OIL CLOGGING HIS VEINS
@jolingkent As if that would have any effect whatsoever...
You people stopped being "Press" long ago. Don't whine now that people dismiss you. #YouBuiltThat @KellyO
@SenatorDurbin The current #MSM is abusing it's 1st amendment privileges by being less than truthful in all things Trump.
Could you not go at all? Were you not invited at all? Or just not asked to fly on USAF plane? Had to fly commercial?
Stop making every situation a red alert, level 10 issue.
Laura, Kelly is right. I guess if you support a draft dodging liar, some of it rubs off on you.
Out of his League!
Comfort Zone CEO,
NOW  Voice of Reason Calm Power.
Trust but VERIFY #UNWORTHY #NoCredibility
@LaurenWern Amen Kelly. General absence of knowledge of protocols and traditions of American democracy - or intentional dis
Yes, and apparently he's unwilling to lie to them.
@LaurenWern there's a lot this administration is unaware of. Working counter productive to the American people with every breath.
R u UNAWARE WH  under 100-day deadline whose priorities preclude MSM diaper-changing so it can confer hosts attention they deserve?
Is Tillerson unaware that taking press corps on official trip to China tells China that press freedom is important American value?
He is too busy taking naps to realize much of anything
I hope he doesn't know, but the fact each cabinet head seems to have the goal of decimating their depts make me doubt that.
The press just doesn't get it, freedoms (religious, free speech, assembly, voting, equal protection) are seen by Trump as a barrier
@aravosis He's an oil executive with marching orders to disassemble the State  Department. Caring about image is not on his list.
@LaurenWern NEWSFLASH: He ran Exxon as secretly as possible. HE. DOES. NOT. CARE.
You act like they care. When will the media understand that?
The man is so ill-equipped for his job. Frightening.
He's in so over his head that he doesn't anyone there who could document & report back what a disastrous visit it was. God help us!
@LaurenWern new rules, take initiative & meet him on his international trips. Think out of the box,
And U think #Tillerson has the same values as the Founding Fathers? Like Trump, I think he thinks USA is a company not a country.
... Its like Trump sent Rex start a war with N Korea... without the PRESS how would we know? We can't. This is just insanity.
This DJT WH and his admin are anti press, freedom and democracy. This is the BIGGEST story of his admin. He is a wanna be dictator
@Secy_State_US is clueless unless it benefits him! @KellyO kp rprtng th truth!  We want this + it gets under #MrDelusionalpotus45 thin skin
when will everyone grasp that he's sending the exact msg our current admin wants to send?
What makes you think press freedom is still an important value in the age of Trump?
@samueloakford He seems 2be unaware of this bullshit,don't blame him,in the light of Sen Sheheen calling for investigation of RTetc
don't worry Kelly- we won't let the dopey partisan press lose their freedom- you are well on your way to imploding on your own
No, Tillerson is totally aware. Neither he nor the Chinese value a Free Press. They have a lot in common.
why Kelly? Should he not?
Has it made a difference to China so far? @KellyO @samueloakford
Whether he's aware is immaterial. He clearly DOES NOT CARE. He's there to conduct business for Trump + himself, not for US citizens
I think a lot of Americans think if the press wasn't so biased they should go. I doubt Trump voters have a lot of sympathy for MSM.
.NOPE .COMPLETELY CLUELESS
This Administration is frightening in it's "lack of understanding" or, more likely, blatant disregard, of how diplomacy works.
This administration has NO values, moral or otherwise, so I would say they don't care at all.
until the cabinet appointees understand that they represent the USA and not an individual (potus) nothing will change
Cabinet members serve at the pleasure of the POTUS. Elections have consequences.
yes, I know but they do represent the country and not just an individual
I agree. I just think the MSM's biased reporting plays a part in this.
don't believe  elimination of a press pool for the sec state foreign trip is related to MSM reporting, but inexperience
is it case of being unaware or one of not caring
no he does not nor does he care.
assumes he cares or believes that
Mixed messages, anyone?
I think @NBCNews should report the truth. Not spin. Where is the outage over @donnabrazile giving questions to Clinton? SILENCE!
@aravosis - He doesn't seem like the kind of person who cares about 1st amendment, too much the oligarch, would prob do away with.
Apparently, he's not thinking.
He's clueless about anything outside his scope of big business deals. Millions of Americans did not agree to on-the-job training!
Rex is an Exxon representative, period.
@lskurrus Pretty sure he doesn't care.
he doesn't care and neither does @realDonaldTrump
@aravosis clearly
You're giving an oil executive too much credit. He and 45 are about the deal and they don't understand the importance of the process
@wingridernorm unlike his boss, he's fully aware and just doesn't care
@aravosis Remember when China went crazy for AMB Gary Locke for "humbly" standing in line to buy a latte? Our actions set standards.
He is not.
it doesn’t.
Maybe Tillerson is taking his tips from the Chinese, not vice versa.
but these people do not defend American values. You should've told us this during the campaign instead of more email
is he unaware or disagrees?
Or is he fully aware and does not care?
Don't assume anything with these nut cases. Remember their goal is to disrupt, and make America worse again.
go Kelly go Kelly go Kelly O
It's all part of Trump's misinformation plan. Exclude any media that fail to present him as America's savior.
@ResistTilDeath Yes. Definitely. In large part bc he has zero concept of what American values are, but he LOVES dictatorships, so...
@aravosis He knows. That's why he didn't take them.
That is correct 
Obviously not. Will you have the chance to ask him?
Really Kelly? Press Freedom? Our press is nothing but liberal propaganda whose agenda is lying to the American People.
he doesn't care! He is another puppet of russia trying 2 do away w/state dept. 2 keep US off russia's back!
No. This has been #shortanswerstoyourpoliticsquestions
seriously unfit for the job
Do y'all not think his boss could've stepped in with this thought and insist on press.  Please..he is part of Trumps Team
are you unaware that the Chinese "free" press and US press are no different, just propaganda for the elite?
It doesn't appear that Tillerson understands his job.
@aravosis That's not what Putin told him?
ATTN: tillerson, bannon, t*ump, sessi*s, pruitt- none of them care about values -please stop being naive. Respond to what you see!
when somebody shows you who they are believe them!MayaAngelou
Trump's how crew of billionaires are discovering that there's a lot more to running a country and our allies  (WhileWeStillHaveSome)
probably not, i don't think anyone in the Trump administration is aware of what real politics is about
@aravosis NO!
@nanakim07...unless it isn't anymore...
Yeah, if the press were from UK or Germany. It would be a waste of $$ and time w/the current crop of neutered American journos.🕭
@KatCapps  No. I'm  sure he's  thinking the *looker* is his company secretary.
did no one explain his job duties to him?
@aravosis the "illusion of press freedom".
No one in this administration seems to have a clue about what it is they are supposed to know and do. Scary bad.
@aravosis He's been neutered.
@aravosis Nice to see u finally embracing this horrific new reality and sharing your perspective on it. I know it's been difficult.
@aravosis He knows damn well the press should be with him in China. He just wants to be an asshole.
he is following his Russian idol.
@aravosis He doesn't care. Press disturbs him. The corrupt detest sunlight: it highlights their flaws.
He won't be able to get away with that for very long.  Trump is on his way OUT!  He can follow!  #FNC @CNN
I don't think he cares.He was an autocratic leader, now working for a a would-be despot.The press is just an inconvenience 2 ignore
Sorry @KellyO but duh all of @realDonaldTrump cabinet rank AMATEURS
You're missing the point. Tillerson could care less about American values. He's not at State to help it or us, he's there to destroy
Yes, like all of Trump's billionaire appointees, this is a little diversion for him. No need to take it seriously
Answer:  No.
No
@realDonaldTrump  doesnt know this .why would Tillerson
To this administration the press corps is the enemy and freedom is no longer an important American value.
Better. No, he's not aware, b/c he's an oil exec. w/no experience in policy.  Also, the lede should be this:
Tell them, Kelly!
Yes.
he said they've saving money most likely 4 Trumps frequent visits to Florida
it's not about America it's about him and his comfort
NO
- Tillerson is apparently not too keen on press freedom...
yes.
To quote Jake Tapper, "No"
Doesn't care. None of them do.
