Undermining Obamacare, President Trump signed an order paving the way for cheaper policies with fewer benefits http://nyti.ms/2gz9zF7 
POTUS and Republican majorities in the house and Senate were specifically elected to END Obamacare.  Do you even think about what you type?

NEW: The American Cancer Society reacts to the ACA Executive Order.

Concerns for millions of cancer patients.

…
The opinion of organizations that supported ACA in the first place have no credibility in this discussion.  AARP, AMA, ACA, CBO etc.
What about the American Cancer Society?
Typo, meant ACS
Do you have a specific reason not to believe the ACS, AMA, CBO, and their analysis? What is the ACS wrong about specifically?
And now they are hardening their already indefensible positions.  I honestly don't get it, they should be looking for a workable system.
Seems like hardening of indefensible positions is seen  on your side. Markets were stabilizing, #uninsured dropped, etc.
I thought the GOP hated executive orders and often refer to them as illegal.
You've described insurance. It's how insurance works. My Employer sponsored insurance doesn't have "pools" for healthy or sick.
Obamacare is a law! He sabotaged a law! For God's sake, DO something about this lunatic!
Demolish, crush, dismantle, disassemble, destroy, wreck, decimate, fracture 
without any concern to the negative effect on millions of ppl.
He cares nothing about anyone but himself.
Then why are all the swamp dwellers exempt from Obamacare if it's sooo awesome
Slowly, like a chronic disease, the GOP base will realize the damage that cheap “insurance” creates. When you get sick, too late!
It is the worst of politics. It's the worst sort of abuse: The minority taking rights away from the majority.
Senator, what revisions to healthcare have you proposed to make it better? Less time on Twitter, work harder!
I still don't understand why he dislikes OBAMA so much!!! SUCK IT UP DOTARD...
Exactly what U have been doing...sabotage! Oh wait that's "resisting" or it is obstruction? All u have been doing all 3. Shut it!
@nytimes Wait until his base discovers what this really means for them !
Can we PALEEZE do something. I’m frightened of this guy deciding b/c he’s POTUS everything he does is legal... @cspanwj
You should have been scared during Obama why don't you look over the former potus executive orders?
What's wrong with cheaper??
What store do you purchase your sour grapes?
This is what Putin wants. Destroy America. Doesn't anyone see this?
The healthcare system has been broken for a long time, and all of you will probably keep doing a crappy job.
No he is trying to fix the mess you created have you ever spoke the truth in your life try to be honest for a change
So what the goal Senator? Preserve a broken law in a broken condition?

NEW: The American Cancer Society reacts to the ACA Executive Order.

Concerns for millions of cancer patients.

…
Thanks for the tweet. Now get back to work and do something about it or are you as complicit as the rest of Congress?
Hopefully ind. state departments of insurance can stop the junk health plans that offer no real health coverage unleashed by this exec order
He's trying to fix the mess you've created I'm a male paying a lot more than before and I'm buying coverage that a man could never use
What healthcare? I can afford it. We need #SinglePayer now!
Dems have been holding American 's hostage for healthcare. Go back to Illinois with the shoot outs & crime that Dems have caused.
What are your solutions besides 140 characters Blaming the Republican Party? Get to work and figure out a solution for the American People
Come on everyone can’t we all agree we need better and more affordable healthcare for all “citizens”.  We can do this and need progress soon
And those who praise & love him will be the one losing their healthcare
Better than the last 8 that Obamacare did!
Are you gonna let him ruin our medical marijuana rights too?
You had and have opportunity to do something other than oppose and obstruct progress. Help the US; get out of Congress you are useless.
Pot & kettle statesman! You tweet as much as Trump for political gain. Do something! Earn your salary!
I seriously keep asking this. I'm not looking to argue or say it's good or bad. Who actually has Obamacare? Never met someone who has it
Yeah, we all know how cost effective Obamacare is. My wife and I were literally laughing at quotes online. Cobra is cheaper and covers more
The aca sabotaged my health care.  Now my premiums are more than my mortgage and deductible so high I can't use it.
Does durbin have health care thru Obama care
His healthcare is Thru Obama but a healthcare program on steroids.  We pay their healthcare costs . They pay zero,
Durbin you know nothing of what working family's need you are so unattached to the people

NEW: The American Cancer Society reacts to the ACA Executive Order.

Concerns for millions of cancer patients.

…
So DO SOMETHING
Welcome to #Trumpcare Good luck Americans. May the odds be forever in your favor.
Funny, I will say some +/- things about POTUS and +/- about u. But, Senator Durbin, I have only seen - things from u about POTUS. Bad!!!
All his ideas are bad and so are his political manners! I am demanding articles of impeachment be brought down by any and all patriots!
@POTUS is a corrupt, bigoted FRAUD!
He sure has and is...he is blind. #TheResistance
Yep!
Durbin I hope your supporters do not believe your lies
People will end up seeking treatment at E.R.'s, which hospitals won't like; it drives up healthcare costs for everyone. Who's saving money?
The Master Grifter of th WH swamp is panhandling hlthcare to th American ppl @ swamp meet prices w no coverage of any meaningful healthcare

Oh goody!  [sarcasm]
Yeah all because Obama's name is attached to it with help from Mr. Kennedy

Sorry, Senator, that's been going on for SEVEN years.....
Fake News Obamacare is Failing.
The worst saboteur. I pay $900. monthly for #ACA.  It offers minimal coverage. Trump's #ACAsabotage must stop.
what?
Satisfying kochs, mercers & 25% of population that kochs & mercers mock
Dems need to speak LOUDER. Call out crooked mcconnel & lyin' ryan
Why be forced to buy benefits you do not need? Females do not need prostrate coverage. Males do not need OB/GYN
As opposed to how Obamacare had me cancelled twice and doubling my premiums?
what have you done to help middle CLASS w/ Premiums? DEMS fault for not having affordable like u promised. Stop blaming Trump, do something
Obama done destroyed healthcare not trump idiot
You’ve obviously been in a drunk coma for the last 8 years.
When is impeachment day??
And money! Don't forget oodles and oodles of money!
