Those that understand already are against it. Those that blindly support Trump will never care.
How many GOP voters have ever been moved by a CBO score?   How many even know what it is?   How many will even hear the score?
And it will labeled fake news.
The label will only last as long as the first denial of service.
Unless they make sure that the bill doesn't kick in until after the midterms. Then people can blame Dems again
They're so thirsty for evil, they can't wait to unleash this madness on us.
They'll do literally anything to get their hands on more money.
It's going to be interesting to see how the Republican senators thank their colleagues in the house for passing them this turd.
Okay by me (& I'll acknowledge some are worth saving or rehabbing.)
Trump supporters don't care, they really don't.
Good! Let them!
What will fox news report the CBO score though? The problem is the repubs base is spoon fed lies and told it is reality. Hope is lost
Yes, the American people, glued to their favorite CBO-score-publishing outlet.
Sad all they see is a chance to feel good about themselves, the American People do not matter to these fools. "Fools Rush In", get voted out
Care to share the CBO report? When it's available, that is - and hopefully it will be before the senate vote.
Will be sapressed?
As a person with brain cancer, I'm very "whaaaa--?" about it all... #AHCA #BRAINCANCERAWARENESS
I am so sorry, so very sorry.
But will trump's ignorant supporters get it? And even if they do realize what it means, will they finally admit they've been had?
No. Way over their heads.
@JeremyDeeSelden massive tax cuts for wealthiest 1%
Their calculation is that, because of the nature of their base and the nature of the Democratic base, they are untouchable.
It's done. No matter the outcome there's no escaping the fact that @PRyan's @HouseGOP struggled to inflict maximum pain on Americans. #2018
What a frustrating thing - I can't remember the last time I felt this helpless. I can call my rep, but so what? @repdavetrott ignores us.
Mine was Upton, friend of yours Mr. Dingel and heir of Whirlpool. Only $$$$ talk to him.
Wasn't the CBO muzzled with regard to the ACA estimates?
Ignorant people don't care about the CBO score. All the Trumpkins are brainwashed and willfully ignorant
Some of them will be dead.
You are presuming the American people will be allowed to vote again.
Hopefully the senate will wait for that before voting.
The problem is they are throwing my daughter over first.It will not stand, if I have to rip the building down with my own hands. #SavetheACA
After OCare do you really think the American People believe the CBO score?
Let's hope so!
@GOP doesn't care abt Amer people, except at tax time, when we are expected to pay our taxes. Our unfair share. Tax revolt?
They're ramming it through before there ever is a CBO score, so it won't matter.
They will blame it on Obama!
GOP is down playing the CBO score and I'm sure WH will call it fake news.
This is why politicians need to retire. Senility
We should have a lottery on how many Americans will lose  health insurance. My guess? 35-40 million. GOP cruelty is staggering!
You would think but NO. Not a single Trump supporter and very few GOP ones in general even know what the CBO is nor do they care.
John, they don't care. They have the Koch $$$ and Mercer Bullshit Machine protecting them!
High Risk Death Pools are State mandated discrimination!  Sick forced to give up contract rights for whatever charity politicians fund!
It will be too late, yes? and if Trump legally declares martial law, we will never be able to change it.
It'll be too late.
Thanks for speaking up Congressman, this has to be the worst legislation ever written.
Thank you, sir!
I hope they enjoy their trip down 
Many Americans won't ever hear the truth about the cost. Through the FoxNews filter, it will be spun as Trump's victory & Obama's cost
Boy I hope so!
What is the cbo, please?
We need to vote every single one of them out!
@Indivisible954 It will make 2018 all the more fun!
I'm on your side, but I'm deeply disheartened that a Democratic leader of your stature thinks most people know what a CBO score is
doesn't matter, mission accomplished: destroy ACA, kill people.
.If GOP was truly concerned about healthcare, they would have made changes to ACA. Repeal and Replace is political gamesmanship.
Lemmings
They deserve a special place in Hell.
durn tootin, as we used to say in East Dearborn!
Hey @SpeakerRyan  @HouseGOP  @freedomcaucus  You should listen to this wise man. Can't believe how greedy and dense U are.
https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/859902796300263424 … In SO MANY WAYS. America exists to enrich the Trump Organization as #GOP puts PARTY over Country.
We're going to apply a more important standard; do those nations have a current or planned Trump property? https://twitter.com/AP_Politics/status/859836657926901760 …
Most of the public probably won't care about the CBO score. They will care about what happens to their coverage.
Basic competence requires Congress to learn about possible outcomes before voting on a bill so critical to human lives. Not this Congress.
This congress calls itself "Conservative". Conservative now means, unethical, immoral, uncaring, irresponsible.
#DeathByGOP will be the leading cause of preventable deaths
Used to say America will right itself, but I'm not confident of that anymore. Republicans become sophisticated lying is amazing.
CBO scoring feeds the "beast" NOT the people. #Useless
Because in Trump World, the truth is fiction and fiction is truth.
Did you make that all up by yourself Skippy? We couldn't fix your brakes, so we made your horn louder. Have a nice day.
Unfortunately #trump #supporters wouldn't recognize a #CBO score if it hit them in the face
I agree but doubt most Americans even know what it is or what it means
Well,  let's all wave as they go by.
#GOPGoneFerrel 

good.  it is the legislative equivalent of a Darwin Award.
Good. Chucky Trump is going to take all of them over the cliff & in the sewer or jail with him. That's what power & greed will do mess u up
GOP is willing to deny healthcare to millions because they & Trump hate ACA. Not willing to fix it just bulldoze it.. and without CBO score?
The GOP loves to portray themselves as the party of fiscal responsibility.  But history shows they are terrible with money.
https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/859902796300263424 … OH, they are good at using the US treasury as a piggy bank.... for themselves...
We're going to apply a more important standard; do those nations have a current or planned Trump property? https://twitter.com/AP_Politics/status/859836657926901760 …
Will the CBO score,be out when they try and VOTE on it!
their just trying to ram, it through...
Senseless...
Disgraceful...
Save the ACA
But GOP still scrambling to get vote before CBO score. What does this suggest?
That "party of fiscal responsibility" is an empty slogan.
"Conservatism" used to mean fiscal responsibility. Now it means open greed, corruption and worship of brutal dictators. #sad.
How accurate was the COB in scoring the ACA #RepealAndReplace
Isn't that the truth.   The CBO score should be shown to the American people before a vote takes place
Sad to see see your good friend, Rep. Upton, could be bought.
Hopefully it'll come out before the next pretend vote!
If only it were a real cliff, not just a metaphor.

The GOP caucuses of both houses will soon reach the cliff's edge re: Trump/Russia + GOP involvement, efforts at coverup. #GOPCorruptAF
https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/859902796300263424 … And honestly, letting Trump use the US Treasury as his personal piggy bank. They are SHAMEFUL.
We're going to apply a more important standard; do those nations have a current or planned Trump property? https://twitter.com/AP_Politics/status/859836657926901760 …
Is that going to happen?
@SenatorDurbin I hope they leap over the cliff. And ppl should be hearing more about the overtime pay issue also
but will they change their votes in 2018? most recent election suggests otherwise.
When the Senate sees it & how many seats they have vulnerable, this will die in committee
https://twitter.com/TheRickWilson/status/859902796300263424 … So far, the #GOP is HAPPY to let Trump use our treasury as his personal piggy bank.
We're going to apply a more important standard; do those nations have a current or planned Trump property? https://twitter.com/AP_Politics/status/859836657926901760 …
All to change the press coverage off Russia and Comey??? Get a "win"? Won't get passed in senate!!
There is only so much the DEM party can do to save them.   I say let them vote CBO score comes in and 2018 elections start
Funny to think that @POTUS voters understand CBO and might blame @GOP for impact on them.  His wealthy backers understand their benefits.
Will they actually see a score?
Democrats will see it. Trump supporters will not care. Most of them anyway.
@replahood This thing is a joke. Voting to take away health insurance from millions and shaft people w/pre-existing conditions? All to (1)
Finance tax cuts for folks like Paris Hilton and the Trump kids? Is THAT what you call "Pro-Life?" Shame on you, sir.
GOP says ACA will collapse they should give a date, what will it make it collapse? DO THEIR JOB AND FIX IT B/C THEY care about the people!
That's why the CBO will never see it.
It's going to be UGLY!
Yes...and we should make sure there's nobody we care about down below.
Agreed
No CBO scoring yet (if ever), but will most likely add immeasurably to the deficit.
Don't be silly. The CBO won't be allowed to score this and if they try, they'll find themselves shut down.
How does CBO work? Do they still score bill after it's been voted on? Or will it need a request when it goes to senate?
