#Resist Phony #Sellout Corporate Democrats.  #SB562 #HR676 #BernieCare
I love it Claire when you project what you have done and what you are guilty of, and trying to act surprised. You're such a phony Claire.
I remember for 2 years we did not know what would become of our Healthcare Pelosi said we have to pass it in order to read it and now this.
This is demonstrably untrue - Obama even went on live TV and answered questions from GOP officials for over an hour. There were endless hearings and committee meetings. Stop lying.
You tell
@SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue Your constituents want hearings. We are tired of these secretive back room meetings. This is a democracy.
ooks 2 me like Hatch had 2 have an aide explain what she was saying. That's scary. Thanks @clairecmc for speaking up 4 the unheard millions
I am so proud of this Senator!
Democrats know Obamacare is failing as we speak, yet, do not care if their supporters go without care. They don't use Obamacare!
And did the leftist spawn do a hearing for obamacare, umm no they didn't, payback is hell right
Name calling is not necessary. However, you are very wrong. Read up before spouting nonsense.
Using a left leaning site umm ok
Look it up!! BTW...Snopes is not a "left leaning site", but whatever. Facts don't seem to be something you're interested in anyway.
Going by what the Lame Stream Media bragging about all the Secret Meeting the leftist held, and that is fact
Tried to find you some Fox News, but of course, there wasn't any. But, 161 R Amends to Ocare, how did that happen?
Go away...there's nothing for you here. Let the adults have a conversation. Bye-bye.

@senorrinhatch I'm appalled by the Senator's ignorance.
Very relevant today. @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker will there be hearings? Don't pretend you can't make that happen. #KeepKidsCovered
Um, no one told her to brush the back of her hair that day?
She literally rolled out of bed, put on a suit, and squawked
Oh clareBea, did YOU even read OCare before you voted to ruin US healthcare? #DerilictionOfDuty
Would it make any difference you and the other democratic obstructionist will still be against it
Always 2 sides 2 every story! .@NancyPelosi u have 2 pass bill 2 find out what's n it! We the People need 2 demand BOTH parties grow up! 1/2
It's Dems vs Reps instead of We the People of US of America!  ALL congress needs 2 go if not 4 ppl! We the Ppl need 2 vote them out! 2/2
U Dems want a hearing on the proposal, but @NancyPelosi had no problem asking 4 a vote to "find out what's in the bill". Fucking hypocrites!
@SenateMajLdr You are eroding democracy. You are un-American. This process is wrong, and we see you. #TrumpCrimeMob #DemocracyWorksBetter
Yes. Good question! Will American people get a hint at what you are doing to us and more important our families?? GOP game with bill? Growup
So, you watched all the hearings on ACA and actually approved raking your constituents over the coals? Did read all of ACA or blindly vote?
Why do you politicians continue to lie to the voters. Nobody is getting left behind, unlike O-care.
DEMTARDS ARE DESTROYING 
AMERICA!  DONT PUT UP WITH DIMMS B S!!
https://youtu.be/hV-05TLiiLU  so do as you say not as you have done?Senate Dems have stated repeatedly they only intend to obstruct @POTUS.
Your party forced ACA on us now your party help repeal it, my insurance increased to $780/mo. This is Marxist redistribution of wealth!
Are they all coming out of the woodwork now.7 years they signed a bill they knew nothing about now demanding gop. Oh,we need publicity now
We're going to let the ObamaCare sinking ship complete its course so American can see it was a sh!t sandwich from the start. #whatisinit
Was there one on Obamacare? Wasn't Pelosi the one who said "Vote for it now and read it after?" What a bunch of hypocrites.
3rd in line for POTUS people. Need mandatory retirement & term limits. Old white guys with dementia & 1950 ideals
Boo hoo hoo. @clairecmc  How does it feel now that the shoe is on the other foot?
Shut it down!! Stop these malicious Republicans!
Democrats trying. McConnell's private meetings with a dozen reps only. Ted Cruz has lied& said GOP knows. Paul Rand(KY) tried to get a copy
Was she about to start crying or was the whining just a prelude?
Bye bye Clair you won't be a senator long
Bravo @clairecmc But where are all the other DEMS? Speak up, resist, protect us. Don't sleep through this. ACT NOW.QUESTION NOW. @SenateDems
Obama did just that. I want to c the bill too
Bravo to her. Unfortunately they do not care hopefully they learn their lesson in 2018.
PLEASE WATCH!! THIS IS SERIOUS!!!!   SHARE WITH ALL YOUR FOLLOWERS AND HAVE THEM DO THE SAME !!!!
You have to pass the bill to find out what's in it!!!  You really don't want to be reminded of Pelosi's statement. Take away Politicians ins
Dishonest behavior from the GOP never ceases to amaze
There wasn't one on ACA
You rocked it. Keep questioning them.
Yeah Clair hearings like u held before u shoved Obamacare down our throats.  U passed a law designed to fail and it is doing exactly that
Get government out of healthcare AND the insurance industry.
Senator The Republicans are doing to you what you did to them in 2010 when you passed the Obama care, healthcare disater.
ANNOUNCE DEMS WILL
#DENYCONSENT
I, by the way, didn't leave the Dem. Party, until you all really started acting like children. Grade school children could do better.
Phenomenal
So you can do it but no one else can do it that way lol you knew you were wrong but you won't let people do what you did lmao
The truth. Spoken from the heart. To a room full of Senators with nothing to say but be embarrassed.
My observation is that no one in America understands what is included in "our" national health care bill.  5 slides should present it w/$$
Stop Government over reach that remove freedom of citizens right of choice. Stop taxing without representation to all the citizens of the US
We should spend less time throwing lies and more time investigating voter system failure.  Stop voting by non citizens.
Senator McCaskill rocks!
Why should the GOP worry about your input. Never gave them a chance with ObamaCare.  Never ever read it B4 you passed it. SAD.
Thank you Senator..BUT THIS MAKES ME HEARTSICK.
DEMAND. WE HAVE RIGHT TO THE ROOT BY GETTING ALL THE ANSWERS
A hearing? More wasteful spending of unearned tax dollars from the obstructionist party
Senate GOP suck rocks.
Go Claire!!!
Well most would say that Trumpcare Can't be worse or as bad as Obamacare & Democrats act like they know good Health Bill when see it Really
hope to see you taking action like this @RonWyden 
@SenCapito My grandchildren in WV are 75 miles from the nearest hospital. This bill will make health care less accessible. #ShowUsTheBill
I, sincerely, hope that the Democrats can conduct themselves at a level a bit higher than a grade schooler!  I am a former Dem. I'm ashamed!
what n the holy fuck ma’am are you talking abt? Are Ds shoving journos or mocking disabled? Glad u have shame. Not like Rs
Maybe @SenSchumer should tell @TheDemocrats they have to vote for it to read it! Don't forget to say U can keep ur DR
You reap what you sow.
There all pos , everything is going to change 2018 
It's just more "party over country" by the hypocritical GOP. Throwing small business owners, veterans, and others off the healthcare rolls.
SOMEONE NEEDS TO STICK UP FOR US! REPUBLICANS ONLY CARE ABOUT WINNING, NOT THE PEOPLE OF THIS COUNTRY!
GO GET THEM MRS. MCCASKILL!
HOW CAN YOU HONESTLY DEPRIVE INNOCENT PEOPLE OF HEALTHCARE? THAT SHOULD KEEP YOU AWAKE AT NIGHT.
KARL MARX WAS RIGHT -- CAPITALISM MUST FAIL
It was your horrific bill hurt all Americans now you punishing the people by not working with Republicans. Dems leaving party support 3rd
Assuming it's true, let's not do the same mistake again. let's debate this new healthcare bill and vote wisely
Democracy begins with the courage to ask tough questions for the sake for us all. As we love to say in the Carolinas, #KeepPounding.
Nof sure why people pick the GOP! If you read or google u will find out Ryan& McConnel are the leaders of this dirty heartless group!
Mitch, & 12 other are trying to have bill done by 6-15-17 & out on the floor by next week with no votes but the GOP
Check out http://indivisibleguide.com .  We need to call a stop to everything until we get answers.  Withhold consent for EVERYTHING!  Please.
Thank you Senator McCaskill!
This is almost absurd. The Democrats past Obama care and said you have to pass it to see what's in it. Remember?
"Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely." Seems fitting.
Which one of you republicans are going to take care of my grandmother in the nursing home when you take away Medicaid ?!? #Healthcare
When that lady talks in his ear It looks like his daughter repeating what the waitress asked him at the early bird special at Bob Evens.
So are democrats going to hold up business until we get hearings? Stand up and fight.
You tell'em @clairecmc
Need FBI & DOJ Law! 1) Give status of investigations as NO, OPEN, CLOSED or 2) Keep quiet until he/she is charged with a crime!
She was amazing !!you tell them Claire #nastywomenarestrong
So far, not one Dem senator has endorsed withholding consent to stop #TrumpCare! What you don't oppose, you endorse!
No chance of taking back Senate with cowardice and collusion!!!
Appalling!
I just hope the American ppl will receive a healthcare plan that WE deserve, not like the last one that was a total disaster!! #SMH
Democrats lie.
A hearing...like the ACA, you know the one that Pelosi said could be read after it was passed, in secrecy.--That one!
Every American should hear this...
Thank you for being a voice of reason!!
I wish i could retweet this a million times..
Bravo Senator McCaskil !!!!!
Are you all going to do something about this and withhold consent if they insist on going this route? Show America that you've got spine!
Not only is Orrin Hatch a liar but the gall & abhorrent dis 2 McCaskill.  Then his staff is communicatng w/him over an open mic what 2 say?
Now *this* is good. More of this.
Does he have a memory problem. He has to be told by a clerk what to say?
way to go. The chairman is demented remove him. He takes direction from his aide!!!
Well @ClaireMc, guess you'll have to "pass the bill to see what's in it".
That's our past experience with crappy healthcare legislation.
Thank you!
you dems all all sick freaks anyway where were you when Obamacare passed
Of course the dems involved GOP at every stage bfre passing the very consensual now failing Obama care. bill.
The Democrats need to figure out the best way to fix Obama care, start promoting. Allow in comps to insure across state lines.
@SenateGOP One has to wonder if Congressional Republicans truly believe in Democracy. Hold hearings on this bill #AHCA #Trumpcare
So Democrats are just going to sit back & let corrupt Republicans ruin millions of lives by trashing ACA with a death certificate?
Never Goddamn mind that Obamacare had to be passed first so you could see what was in it.
Wasn't it Pelosi who said we have to pass it to see what's in it? I vote let Obamacare implode!! You would get what you asked for!
Haven't had insurance since ACA. 2000 a month for me and my husband is to much. Only good for the Medicare people #RepealandReplace
What an utter disgrace.
Remember how the GOP was treated when the ACA was rammed down our throats? Maybe this is payback!!! Sit down & wait
Dems should filibuster every chance they get to stop AMA bill.man wants vote before recess. Do it now b4 it's too late
How can two work together unless they agree? GOP blames the Dems  for their refusal to engage. This clip shows otherwise...#Bipartisanship!!
HEY DEMOCRAPS REMEMBER THIS
"We have to pass it to find out what's in it" YOUR TURN! SUCK IT UP HYPOCRITES  #MAGA  #AmericaFirst 
we should learn  well from our past captors Just pass it to find out what is in it
With all of the problems your failed leader left us now we have this ridiculous resist crap encouraged by a bunch of horses asses!
Call your Senators and tell them this is not okay!  202-224-3121
Thank you, Senator McCaskill!
Thank you Senator for standing up for all Americans! This Missouri girl is proud to support your campaign for reelection! #ActBlue
Dear @SenToomey and @SenateMajLdr why isn't  #AHCA available for public review and comment. Scared?
Let's not forget the democrat backroom votes on obamacare.  You all were quite sneaky.
I am so happy that Senator Claire Mc spoke up for the millions who will be greatly impacted by this bill
Make sure America knows this!@
It's like we took the express route to becoming North Korea. https://twitter.com/braddjaffy/status/874295971089461248 …
Were hearings held before Obamacare? Um, Pelosi moronically stated that it had to be passed so you could read it. SMH
@SenateGOP_  What are you hiding in you healthcare plan. Maybe the kill pill or not cover then poor or the disabled
When will there be a hearing on the ACA's problems-rising premiums, deductibles, insurers pulling out of state exchanges. Admit ACA's flaws!
They couldn't respond because the GOP doesn't have a clue! Even most of their base is clueless as to how the proposal will hurt them. NUTS!
Btw..it's NOT Trumpcare...Trump NEVER wanted a gov. universal health plan...that was Obama, again VERY MISLEADING by the WORTHLESS Democrats
Oh...do YOU mean Obamacare!!! Was it Nancy Pelosi that said "we gotta pass it before we can read it"...Hmmm #HypocriteDemocrats #MAGA
Just amazing. We are so screwed.
Why does that asshole need help to answer a question? Why is he allowed help to answer?
WATCH THIS It is an abomination that these ol' white men r meeting n secret to DESTROY #healthcare for #millions CALL UR SENATORS SPEAK OUT
This is blantant deception and the oversight committee should look into this. As a citizen I feel duped. What if @clairecmc hadnt spoken up?
He repeated what was whispered in his ear. WE ALL HEARD IT. But if she had been invited, why does someone whisper to chair to announce it?
, we are tired of yall chasing a cat tail going no where,stop wasting money and get back to work,or we will vote you out
@SenateGOP going to ram this through like a 5 dollar hooker on mermaid avenue
You Democrats need to grow a backbone! Trump must be Impeached!. Muller needs to subpoena Trump's taxes. Why wait?
Cc'ing @SenToomey again. Seriously, do you think this is okay? I would like a direct response to this video from you. PA deserves better.
So proud of my state senator!! Get 'em Claire @clairecmc !!! #Resist
"We “have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it"
Tell us what we can do to force a hearing or flip votes ASAP! I want to take action!
What a big mouth , schumer told Maddow back in January no democrats would be involved in healthcare legislation,
You go girl! Thank God that we have strong, courageous FEMALE LEADERS, to fight the dishonorable Republicans. What happened to Sen Dems?
If you listen closely, you can here the Senate aide whispering the answer into the chairman's ear. Time to retire, maybe?
Will ring truest & loudest when it's time to put ballots in boxes & we vote out the #TrumpedUpGOP @GOP @SenateGOP #AHCA #TrumpCare 
The handler is giving Sen Hatch the talking points, OMFG! Listen to this over open mic. #Trumpcare
Damn! Someone paid attention and they got caught.
Dems listen, listen while we obsessing over Trump,  Republicans sneaking in hateful harmful legislation we got to multitask #StayWoke 2018
#ClaireMcCaskill is woke AF she knows #GOPDontCare about nothing but tax cuts for 1% seniors children disabled lose under #Trumpcare grrrrr
They don't care that #trumpcare will put my child's life at risk for death or institutionalization
They will care after it's too late and they lose in 2018! They believe 24mil voters have no compact on them whatsoever! less bunch
Dems had their chance to fix ACA & choose not to. Wasted our $ on fake Russian story. Don't pretend u want to help now fix HC system.
"but we have to pass the bill to see what's in it"
THAT was excellent from Senator @clairecmc
It just seem to me it's ONLY women fighting the good flight? Everyone should be rebelling against this bill. #Resist
Tell em! Democrats are gonna have to fight for EVERYTHING because republicans just want to lay waste to anything that might help people
Thank you for speaking up.  You're frustrated. I'm furious.  As a woman I see dammed few feminine voices in our threatened democracy.
This was great. I admire her.
I wish more DNC's were like you, willing to discuss changes rather than sit back "resist" and let the health care program explode.
THIS is RIGHT HERE a great defense for not rushing AHCA through! CALL/SHOW UP. Say NO to #AHCA #CountryOverParty
