The White House used his research to predict a tax cut would give workers a $9,000 raise. He says it's actually $800 http://nyti.ms/2zg2C2U 
Won't even cover the rise in healthcare premiums..plus there are going to be bigger losers with GOP budget and tax cuts for wealthiest.
#taxreform The Trump/Republican plan will raise taxes on the middle class.
$800 more than I woulda got.
I take $800, what is your plan? Nothing!
How dumb.... have you ever been employed by a "poor" person???  Tax cuts for corps, let them grow, jobs, jobs, jobs!!!
So you leftists want higher taxes for corporations so they have less to give workers for pay increases?
#TaxTrump
Trump lies about everything
ABSOLUTELY! Crooked to the very last bone!
Who Hilary? Oh yes for sure "Crooked Hilary Clinton"to the very last bone!
As tax payer who's paying UR salary, instead of complaining DID U PUBLICLY OFFERED UR ASSISTANCE 2WORK WITH POTUS?Put us1st &politics aside?
Well, @realDonaldTrump doesn't know history or math - no surprise there. Maybe WH meant $9,000 raise over the next 10,000 years?
Anything that brings back decent jobs to our shores couldn't be bad...Your the sham ! Globalist lobbyists paddn U
I wish we had #TermLimits.
The only thing you like are tax increases. Stop lying about a bill that will help the middle class.
As Ronald Reagan said “there you go again”
No question Paul Ryan and Republicans seized on the inflated numbers to fool ppl on tax cuts. That’s what Trump and Republicans do. Lie.
Hmmm like Hussein Obama’s faked employment numbers and his fabricated life stories ?
President McDummy can assert this Tax Cut will save the middle class zillions. Not true but when has that stopped Trump from LYING! LIAR
Dynamic scoring rots brains.
Sounds like you don't understand economics or you're just pretending.
@realDonaldTrump lied again?  Call me if he's ever truthful.  #TrumpLies #TrumpLiesMatter #trumpLIAR
UR just a dem that is mad @HillaryClinton lost election & @POTUS won, U R a liar, clean up your beloved city filled with drugs,& murderers
Almost a good enough sham that the democrats are thinking about getting on board!
Everything they say is a lie! Let them lie and when it hits home with his voters that will be his undoing! They do not feel it so let them!!
@POTUS @Senate @Congress @SpeakerRyan Giving Tax Cuts To Wealthy Doesn't Help The Needy & Middle Classes! SHAM! Ask Dick Durbin Who Says So
.#'s NOT inflated! And you have to be STUPID not to know that cutting taxes for Corp will help workers! MORE JOBS, HIGHER PAY & benefits
I heard that and I wasn't sure how tax breaks to corps gave me $4000.
Yeah, they’re obviously better off if they’re oppressively taxed to pay for giveaway subsidies promised by Democrats to garner votes.
Previous admin inflated job growth...
@RepLaHood believes this fallacy. This hurts residents of #IL18.
You are a shame of a Senator.  It's time for you to leave. You've done nothing for IL & nothing for Chicago.
Look, Dems spent the last 8 yrs chasing our corporations/jobs out of our country due to high taxation and cheap wages. Why not try tax cuts?
I thought it was a $4000 raise before? Now it’s a Bigger and Better lie?
Everything to the DEMS is a sham unless it was your idea. You never come up with anything valid except garbage.
Removing money from government spenders like you is what America needs

Simple math for you
Oh BARF! You're lying make me sick!!!
You are a sham! You are Un-American, a globalist and a theif.  You spend $$$ on non-americans while Chicago citizens suffer!
WRONG NOT A SHAM AND THE MARKET IS DOING FABULOUSLY AS IS MY 401K. DON'T YOU DARE RUIN THAT DICK! WE WANT MORE MONEY. VOTE YES OR UR FIRED!
Senator, how do we get tRump out of office? The damage he & his evil cabinet are doing to America is reprehensible & needs to end NOW. Help!
U r a sham. What are you doing for the homicides in your city. Do u want the taxpayers to pay for your illegals. U pay for them
$800 is $800. Better than nothing. Which is what they get now.
And Obamacare was going to cut my rates and put $2500 in my pocket?? And keep my doctor.. #Cutmytaxes Let me decide how to spend my money!
Might want to speak to Congressman Brown.
If at all. 
We all knew.  Every time they do tax break we get screwed and end up in recession.  My money is so tight right now I can’t give more
democrats and their 43 year old playbook is a sham
As u criticize, remember the lies u told abt ACA. Keep ur Dr. keep ur current insurance, more affordable...I know u don't like hypocrites.
Durbin be part of the solution not the problem. If corporations get cuts they can provide jobs, update equipment, etc; have you even read it
Typical trickle down.  Didn't work for Reagan won't work now.
No . This is the administration of self-enrichment and greed.
We can use our federal tax cut to partially offset the huge tax burden democrats forced on Illinois citizens. Illinois still loses overall!
How is it the jobs are up, savings are up, stock is up,  veterans/police moral is up. Isis is down, working on health care/ taxes finally.
Forcing congress to do their jobs is brilliant working across lines ishappening, except with dems who want to keep gop hate going, positive
Trying to blame trump for health premiums is crazy, they've escalated every year. Saying they would have stabilized is bad, been to high
If tax cuts keeps 1company in us and just a few hire more people it is still better than last 8 years
Sen Durbin.... what about Cairo?
Maybe a number dispute, but an increase none the less. I'll take urs since it is so insignificant 2 u. Hope u support tax cuts & tax reform.
Where's the numbers you lie but you'll never give the numbers
Kind of like trump.  A sham.
not true ole dickie. plus yr stet needs this more than most. quit playing follow the over the hill leader and rep yr state!
$4,000
deporting a labor glut called illegals gives citizens a raise
Imagine. The GOP lying! Everyone of them should be tried for treason!
Eight hundred is a lot to those who are struggling to survive.  But you wouldn't know about that.
@realDonaldTrump - another massive surprise - more lies - more misinformation - all in the name of lining the pockets of corporate interests
Please don't let them compromise the CBO.
No shit...these corps, have lots of money now and it isn’t trickling down AT ALL
Only things trickling down is bs! 
We can’t believe anything this administration says. How shameful is that? Please keep fighting for us, Senator
Incompetence from Trump.
You can't make those type of mistakes and say it was read wrong. Understanding is first. Double check, then check again before doing.
"You can keep your doctor"
"Rates won't go up"
Your doctor dumped you.  ACA is keeping rates lower and stabilizing market.  Destabilizing will skyrocket rates.  MIT vs out of trumps ass.
@realDonaldTrump is a #FRAUD!
Rs tax cut benefits for middle class is hogwash. We tried this before. BS then, BS now. Money will go to dividends, buy backs, etc.
Here's an idea. Why not cut payroll taxes if you want to help workers?
We have 2 keep in mind that @TheDemocrats have been lying 2 the American ppl for literally years!
MORNING READ: The @WhiteHouse inflated numbers to say that giving tax cuts to corporations helps workers. A complete sham. https://twitter.com/nytimesbusiness/status/920478461663285248 …

We Support You Senator ROS
Been calling B.S. on this statistic since they started using it. Completely insane on its face.
if dick dripin says so who am I
And we found the Russian Collusion @HillaryClinton @BillClinton and even @BarackObama
Senate Judiciary launches probe into Russian bribery plot discovered before Obama-era nuclear deal with Moscow http://hill.cm/kyaMe6W  
