For complete honesty: Average pay for white male vs. black females on YOUR staff? #EqualPayDay
Great question!
This is how swamp people get relected...go fishing with fake bait
This shouldn't be happening in 2017. #BlackWomensEqualPay

Latina women make even less than that! 
How much do white women make compared to a white man?
Hey what about Scandinavian men? Do they make as much as white men?
ALL women deserve equal pay and equal opportunities to the same jobs being offered to men. Period. Its not rocket science.
By the way, blk women have/hold  the most degrees in this country.
A degree is different than children out of wedlock.
And your point Is? We can have that discussion.
Thank you for talking sense, Senator.
Hold you to that Senator.
Stop with the politics
The California legislature is exempt from paying their African-American women legislature and Senate employees what White males earn.
why? What is the positions? What is the hours? What are the facts? I don't believe you!

If black women earned less than others for the same level of productivity, employers would only hire black women. #BlackWomensEqualPay
then why dont all those greedy companies just hire black women and save tons of money?? cause its not true. its manipulated data
Manipulated in what way?

Are there just more male staffers in higher paying positions? Why is that?
Nice cherry pick. Trying to skew picture with just graph is just silly. Read attached. Pay gap same last 3 admins.
Graph shows a huge jump in the pay gap. "Same" is used loosely. These articles also ignore why women are in lower-salary positions
Graph is based on what? What is the raw data? What are the number of men and women employed and at what job? IF doing same job 4 less...
then that's some BS. It's not the case. The fact is that the numbers have not changed and nobody is getting paid less 4 same work. Move on.
Senator Dick, perfect name for you
Kids can be cruel. 
Asian men earn more than white men.  Discuss?
You are correct
What a shame! How about Hispanic women?
Or Scandinavian American Men? They suffer too!
2018 won't matter if Russia hacks and republicans let them.
Be transparent do you pay them the same as white men ?  We demand to know
That is a bogus fact that has been proven false.
Why did you not fix this when the Democrats were in power.
You are a race baiter
So I am demanding equal pay for Black women, Black men, and equal opportunity too.  Demand 100% publicly paid elections.
You shitheads will say anything for a vote. The liberal plantation is alive and well.
Was this the case for 8 years under Obama?


Paying people less because of their race/gender has been illegal since the 70s
Dear millionaire, I see that you've offered to give up half your salary to black women, right?.
I suggest your party run a platform that creates the conditions for black women to identify as white men, problem solved.
Where did you make up that garbage?
Any proof or are you just throwing this around like the female/male wage gap to stir the pot and pander?
Senator, are aware of what the Awan brothers were paid while spying on the U.S.? Was that fair? Are you just a little out of touch?
That is not right at all it should be free.  Do there daughter pay the same.
Then show your salary Senator and let's compare it to your black coworkers??? Let's start there and see where this goes..... do it!!!
If it's true so what. A friend of mine was turned down for a job because he was too white. At least if he were black he'd have a job.
One slick politician
Oh pleeezzzeee....are we talking those in the exact same jobs, or cashiers vs lawyers?!
Mr Durbin, why do blk/brwn ppl and women still have to ask white men for their FREEDOM?
How about a demographic pay report from your own offices?  Show us Dick.
Everyone needs to get on board to combat systemic discrimination, with its origins from when we're not at all proud of our country.
Sounds like your not committed to this idea Dick. Like you're throwing it out there to see if it sticks
Then explain please how @MaxineWaters became a millionaire working on a Congressperson salary?
Tucker: How does Maxine Waters afford a 6k sq. ft,  $4.3m Mansion on 40 years of government work? Must Investigate! https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/888595921088524288/video/1 …
Is this a new Trump Presidency number or was it higher prior and since lowered since Jan 20 2017? Just curious why you didn't address it b4
Oh yeah voting time is coming soon. That makes sense.
So now u r a race baiter!? Why don't u really do what I were elected to do? Serve everyone!
Where do white women and black men rank? Is this really an issue? Are we talking about people being pd to do same job?  R u grandstanding?
These figures don't tell the story. Is it the same job? Does the "white male" have more experience? Equal pay yes. But more factors come in
Why hasnt a company hired only Black Women and cornered the market with low wages? Because your paid on abilty not sex/color! Same Dem BS
Stop with the race card Durbin. Exactly what have you and Obummer and the rest of the Illinois Dems do for black women?
Quit bringing in immigrants that compete for jobs.  Law of supply and demand
Is manipulating data points to further a divisive political agenda what a US Senator should be doing? Is this how you serve your country?

Unacceptable unforgivable 

yeah but do they have good jobs did they start their own company's do they act respectable to others are they always trying to learn no
Economic fairness is important. Consider the freedoms granted by the Space Act and make a asteroid claim today:
Absolute nonsense. Just more divisive identity politics to substitute for the lack of ideas or Solutions. This is why you lost.
P.S. How many black women work for you? What do you pay them?
Dick... you're a white millionaire. 

Also according to U.C. Berkeley you have no right to talk on this topic.
And this is based on what?
So, support Trump's women in STEM initiatives.  The problem is black women are choosing low-paying college majors.
