Make no mistake Dems, Ocare is horrible! I pay for it, but can't use it, Ded. is 2 high! What is YOUR answer, single payer? Gov .not answer!
Then why don't we work on reducing premiums and deductibles rather than pulling healthcare away from 20+ million Americans?
Secret?  Been hearing about this for days. How did you not know about it Dick?
Thank you for voting no Senator Durbin. It is appreciated.
Don't stop fighting for us Senator. We are counting on you!!
What did you Dems do in 2009? Passed bill you would not allow the people to read until after you made it into a law. U Screwed up HealthCare
Nope. I knew exactly what was in ACA b4 the vote, as did anyone paying attention. 20+ million Americans got healthcare coverage as a result.
How many ultimately lost their coverage  4 that alleged 20 million? How many lost their doctor? ACA designed to fail so Single Payor happens
The 20 million is a fact, not alleged. I don't know how many lost coverage. Y don't u research that? But I'm going to guess it was <20 mil.
14.5 mil under Medicaid because of expansion. Obamacare hurt people who were promised by Democrats  it would not impact their coverage!
Well what do you know Durbin lies again.   Vote was to start debate.  Democrat LIES
You'd have to be CRAZY to vote for a bill no one has fully read and if one ever passed, it should be repealed right?
Repealing Obamacare takes healthcare away from some of my family. Why don't you give up your healthcare & and let us know how that works out
What about those who work hard and don't get benefits? What if you were to lose your benefits? This happened to my family members.
There is only 11.4 million on Obamacare now. Another lie from Sen Durbin.
She has a picture of the orange shitgibbon, she obviously doesn't think.
After Prez Trump wins a 2nd term, I hope you, your mom and your other 2 followers Darryl and the other Darryl, don't jump in front of a bus.
It's so mean. My niece will die
Garden Girl, my heart and prayers go out to your family! Occupy the phones/e-mail/offices of any Republicans by whom you are represented!
Our democracy is dead. Many of our citizens soon will be.  Thanks for trying to save us.
The #ACA is NOT FAILING! It saved my daughter's life. Go away.
Hope U all R plotting 2 overthrow these "People"I could not b more upset the greed & ignorance 85% of the American pple did not want bill.
Thank you Sen Durbin and rest of Dem Senators (& Collins & Murkowski) for your NO votes.
Do everything in your power to stop this shitshow.  People's lives are on the line, possibly mine.
You made the mess fix it
We must fight for every inch! Disgraceful, shameful and selfish. Party of wealth cont 2 strip middle class Americans of everything they can!
If it's secret, how do you l ow what's in it? You're just trying to scare ppl
Dump it !
The GOP continues to recklessly endanger the welfare of millions and millions of Americans.
You dem voted in secret too! Remember we had to pass the bill to see what was in it?!Obamacare is bad for the country! Why don't you own it!
FTS. I recall streaming the round table that Obama held with EVERY Senator lasting over 6 hours!
And the ACA was full of GOP amendments!
I can't stand it this will kill my dad and my daughter i can't stop crying.
Hearts and prayers to your family! Right now that is all that is left for us!

Bark at the moon tricky Dickky.
How irresponsible and cowardly of you to not even let HC be debated. That is all this is allowing debate and discussion. Just like 0care
You would do well to re-listen to Senator McCain's speech. Why don't you grow a set a do something, anything but fear mongering.
Too bad that they’re not voting to throw your treasonous *ss out of office.
Pandering to illegal aliens & promoting socialism is Un-American
Crazy, mad world! Rome is falling and they are playing with people lives... disgusting.
It is heart wrenching's. Their greed is so unimaginable. Yet they claim to follow the Bible? #BananaRepublic
My son and grandson now just might die w/o ACA as they both have epilepsy.  Medications, hospitalization and ambulance rides, neuro+ ..HELP
Use healthcare as a campaign issue 2018.  People will not forget who took healthcare away from them
Thank you, Senator, for your NO vote
Shame on @SenateGOP.  You've been bullied by @POTUS to work towards something the public does NOT want.  We will remember
And Democrats applauding McCain before he casts his Yes vote. The fuck is wrong with you/them?
Ashamed to be an American today. Thank you for your no vote.
Didn't your party already do that?
You are the enemy of America. Your party is the party of lunatics. Using the threat of violence to suppress yes votes. Disgusting socialist.
I can't believe all the people on this feed cheering the loss of coverage for 20+ million Americans. Shame on all of you.
Thank you for your vote!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP Keeping @SenateDems out of HC is slapping Americans in the face not just Democrats & Independent but all Americans!
Our country is so corrupt! Maybe we need to tear it down and start over! Repeal the dang bill!!who paid for healthcare before Obamacare?!
Dickie, it's a vote to open debate. Why must you lie and stoke fear?
TRump urging them on so he can say he passed something even though he has no idea what it is.
Watching y'all in the Senate on @cspan  #KillTheBill
McConnell is disgusting!   Let it hurt thousands of his voters!  They'll see how that works out!  Sleazy GOP!!!!
Flashback to 2009. If you like your dr and healthcare you can keep them and save $2500 per yr. all lies! Stay away from health policy please
"Well we have to vote on the bill so you can know whats in it" ~ Nancy Pelosi
Does it hurt your soul when lies leave your lips?
The bill is not secret-Has been made public- WHY do you lie to the American people? You are pushing a radical Progressive Marxist agenda.
I guess you weren't there 7 years ago.
Hopefully they get it done.  Make families responsible for their loved ones.
#KillTheBill #shameshameshame
Just like Nancy Pelosi  and the you have to pass the ACA it to see what's in it?
This is desperate and despicable behavior
Never seen anything like the state of Illinois. Get a clue
I bet most people won't just die quiety nor will their kin allow it. I know for one I won't
it’s a vote to begin DEBATE /  me us HOW debating is bad, Please we’d like to know!
This is utterly horrifying. Why are they doing this??? Ego? Stick it to Obama? Certainly not to actually help people!
Getting the federal government out of health care will return us to the rule of law and help people.
I can't. It's so wrong. And it's very scary for a great number of us.
Durbin puts foreigners' whims above USA citizens' needs:
I can't watch them rip away my family's healthcare
#America NO MORE! WE ARE DONE....WE ARE DONE! OMG...I'm sobbing. My country is gone. My dad bled in WWII for #NOTHING! .@SenJohnMcCain SHAME
Socialists have ruined this country. America wasn't meant to be a charity.
Durbin hates America:
It is disturbing to see a party so gleeful to take healthcare away from millions
The federal government can't give or take away healthcare.
Durbin is an American traitor:
