So sad do really think nobody has the comments and actions took under Obama Administration.
#Troll #EggHead
Should start helping in your own city.  Did U stand up to be heard when Obama stopped Iraqis from entering the country? #hypocrisy
#talkingpoint. You know not of which you speak on this issue my friend.
Because you believe you have all the answers. Thanks but I'll make my decisions on my own.
THEN YOU SUPPORT TERROR ON AMERICANS.  Thanks, DICK
THANK YOU for protecting our constitution.
thank you.
U need to protect the country. If u can't do that u need to find another job!!
Thanks for representing IL! Keep resisting
so Holly how many are u going to house, feed, cloth and educate?
more than zero. Definitely more than zero.

sub·ju·gate
bring under domination especially by conquest:
"the invaders had soon subjugated the natives
also to make submissive or subordinate to. My vocabulary doesn't require a lesson.
truly sorry, not trying 2correct ur vocab. Islam defines political view 2 teach , 2 spread Islam,conquering & enslaving natives.
Build the wall ! Remember you lost , @potus ran on this and won. You'll be out next crook.
can't wait 'til Trump investigates Crook County voter fraud good riddance to you and Schakowsky
Your reckless & lawless behavior is jeopardizing the safety & security of the USA.
thank you
Thank you Senator. #riseup
I'm an IL resident and I disagree with you, Senator.  The one job our government really has is to keep us safe.
THANK YOU
please vote "No" on DeVos and get a Repub or 3.My English Language Learners deserve better. She is not a good choice.
please Stop Jeff Sessons. He would make this country worse. We already have a mentally ill person as POTUS.
and PLEASE stop Sessions!
Thank you Senator Durbin !!!!
Awesome! Proud to call you my Senator
thank you Senator Durbin.
please do not sabotage are safety with your open border policies
Very depressing talk on immigration please give back our country without open borders.
@SenatorDurbin @SenateDems jihadis failure--directly #DickDurbins fault, thanks dick for supporting Obama  and your open border policies.
Please spearhead impeachment and or removal from office by way of 25th Amendment. Time is running out.
you and your liberal BS have given us Donald Trump please step down and admit to your eatblishment failure.
u folks still don't get it do u? The ppl are tired of this type of party grandstanding
maybe you should be on the senate floor pushing legislation that overrules Trump's hate. Be proactive!
Ask Why Illinois Real id Act none Compliance soon may need passport to Fly in America Sad
As a constituent, I thank you. Keep up the good fight. #NoBanNoWall
how many are you going to take into your house to feed, cloth and educate.
Build the Wall!!!!!!!
So proud!  Thank you!
where was this indignation in 2011? Hypocrite comes to my mind.
I would like us to work with Mexico border patrol + turn 2 forces into 1. Make illegal drugs controlled + taxed.
.@SenatorDurbin so glad to see you join #TheResistance .@SenateDems it's about time.  Now, figure out how to STOP this madman! #NOW! #Resist
Thank you!!!
grateful you and Senator Duckworth represent me
Thank you for your action!
Good. Now don't vote to send Sessions to the Senate tomorrow and don't vote to confirm him if he does get through
say to to trumps educational apointtte
Thank you!
now get some republicans to come on over
laughing wildly...
@erinmalbec @SenateDems Thank you, Senator.
I'm a constituent and I prefer safety over your grandstanding.
Represent!
see you when you're up for reelection. You care more about votes than safety
.@SenatorDurbin @SenateDems Thank you. About time.
SHAME on you we need you to protect the American people Have you read the koran?????
find some better use of your time
THANK YOU!!!!
stop the insanity known as Trump!
Thank you........fight this evil madman #impeachtrump
evil madman...you are so sad...one day
thank you!
you do that ...
Thank you for representing your constituency in line with the values for which we elected you!
Senator, can't accomplish anything indoors might as well go out doors
Thank you all
Let's GO!!!!
After reading @KimStrassel book “The intimidation game”….I don’t think this Senator deserves to stand on steps
