Does Mexico have DACA?  or does any other country. I would like to know
We .miss you, Mr. President! I miss having a President I can call "Mr. President" without feeling nauseated. :-(

here you might want to read this
I miss you, President Obama! You're a man of honor, principles, compassion and truth. You made us proud for 8 years and continue to do so!!
That's not fair of me to say that; but, I do miss you.
8 year to fix it but busy passing laws like SB 1322 bars law that allowed children to sell there body and not be prosecuted or the rapist 
thank you Mr. President for standing up today. You showed class and spoke for people who stories started long before they showed up here.
What the now @POTUS is saying is let "Americans" have some dignity and input...too I want my kids and grandkids to open door success.. #USA
Tell it to Congress. They are the ones who can make a law. Executive order is not the answer.


Agreed. Can you tell us what you can do to continue your mission, despite the fact that now you are no longer in the White House? Thank you.
Really Ed? Its a "Dark Day"? Why? Because Trump turned the illegal law over to the legislative body where it should have been made law? WOW!
Yes he did copy it from Reagan
I will believe your income inequality rhetoric as soon as I hear of you turning down a speech because they want to pay you too much.
Hey Obama I heard you were born in Kenyan, can't remember who told me that though.
Wake Up Call! Your NOT @Potus any longer... Now we have #damagecontrol from your failures!! #JUDGEmentday comes for ALL in the END~
Your Exec Order was unconstitutional. Congress now has 6 months to create fair and equitable immigration reform!
I'm scared Mr. President, I really am
Of course . But OBama didn't get through congress in 8 years ! All Trump is trying to do is make legal as Obama failed to do .hypocrite
This is just so wrong ..
Wait. Wait. Isn't being ILLEGAL wrong? Like breaking the law. They can Thank You for giving them false hope and lies
I'm curious where you all think we shld send these people.
Back to their countries. Fyi. I don't like it. Had Obama done his job all this could have been avoided. I luv kids but the parents broke law
Countries they have never seen. Countries where they might not even speak the language.
That is their parents fault not ours
It being the parent's fault does not free us from the consequences of our actions going forward.
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … drtdtr ggf
They are illegal. Deport their parents now and the dreamers in six months!!! Now go away & golf somewhere & leave rest to OUR NEW POTUS!!!!!
Hey, you Manchurian President! Go back to Kenya where you were born!
Thank you Mr. Pres but brotha to brotha you are wrong. The parents didn't apply and neither did the kids. Gotta follow the law #hardbutfair
Thanks daddy
What would happen if the Countries of the birth Parents refused to accept the deported children? They are not citizens of those countries.
Come On Barack now you care? #Louisiana
LOL
Have some couth & walk away from the limelight & let your predecessor clean up the mess you made & left already. Your 15 min is over #goaway
Even Dianne Feinstein just told @chucktodd that DACA was on shaky legal ground and needed a legislative fix.
Total point misser.  Which is usually the case
I've never commented to you so not sure what you mean by "usually the case"?
Obama himself said Comgress needed to act when he did this. They sat on their asses and did nothing. A little humanity maybe? Na
He had full control of both branches for two years and did nothing. A little facts. Na.
Two years out of 8. Please don't be daft
Why not during that 2 years? Too busy lying about keep your doctor and health plan I guess.
Daca wasn't passed until 2012. Dems controlled congress first two years  ... nice argument. #TrumpLemmimg
Mr president you gave these individuals false hope by using an executive order instead of involving Congress #yourfault #falseexpectations
Right so we should just dump on them. Yep good plan
No.  do it the right way way by making it law via Congress.  Exec orders are an awful way to lead.  3 branches of gov't checks and balances
Interesting in light of the recent presidential pardon
Didn't say I agreed with that.  Did you agree with all of Pres Obamas pardons? Stay on point.  We have legal ways to enter this country.
Right. And these people had no choice. Nothing wrong with proper immigration laws. Not what it is about for these folks
But their parents did and therefore they shouldn't get a free pass.  Let some compromise be made into law to let them stay.
Just stop. Your DACA act was unconstitutional and you know it! Be gracious and enjoy retirement. STOP back seat Presidenting; it's unneeded.
Sure. So get Congress to do their job. Oh that's right. They won't, which was how we got here in the first place.
Maybe he should have done it the legal way or maybe we wouldn't be where we are right now.
He got D Affordable act through d legal way , yet u bigots want to repeal n replace DAT, so?
But not to worry, wat comes around goes around
Yes, repeal & replace w something that doesn't destroy Medical insurance for the middle class that works for all. Limiting the options 4
Trump isn't doing anything but asking Congress to give these people legal legitimacy because your unconstitutional executive order doesn't.
Why are there so many lies about what Trump is actually doing? People should be relieved for the Dreamers.
Because no one trust that congress will finally act.
The votes are there. Unless there are shenanigans along the way, it will pass and should do so quite easily.
And we don't think there will be shenanigans? Congress is a joke.
I'm sure there will be because they are a joke but either way, the courts will discard DACA even if Trump doesn't either way without a law.
Lmao, all you're doing is parroting GOP talking points.
I almost forgot what that kind of writing, compassion and dignity was like
So scary. Children having to leave the only country they have ever known
We Will Never Forget Your Crimes........Tell @georgesoros & the #Rothschilds #WeSeeYou #JusticeWillBeServed #WhenLambsBecomeLions
Get outta here!
Hey catMAN......shut it!!!!
First A, Nach! First A! 
What part of illegal do you not understand
The part where we punish children for the actions of their parents and force them to move to a foreign country...
Pales in comparison to uprooting people's lives. #AllLivesMatter Right?
Someone,  please explain to me why those who are here illegally,  but were given DACA didn't become citizens during that time?
Also, they can't commit any crimes as part of their DACA status. Please learn more about it before blindly spreading falsehoods about it
Simply owning property here and living here is breaking the law
Not under DACA.
"This is not a path to citizenship, it is merely temporary" Barrack Obama on DACA
The quote you posted has nothing to do with your previous comment that they are breaking the law by simply living here and owning property
They are not citizens. They will be deported. Nothing you can do will stop it so accept and move on
come on Obama you con. bringing nearly 1 million illegals does not help america, it simply helps your party. sad you gave them false hope
He didn't bring illegals. now there aren't enough laborers to pick grapes and other fruits and vegetables in California. Want that job?
I still don't get why the Dreamers, if they got here at a young age (age6), are not trying to get legally documented now, 10-15 years later?
DACA was an unconstitutional executive order. Immigration law is a matter for Congress to decide.
So you're OK with deporting these kids then?
DACA was an illegal executive order. Obama simply wanted to get the Hispanic vote. It's up to Congress to make immigration law.
So that would be a yes then. 
You know full well Congress won't pass that law.
Everyone understands the "sympathy" angle. But some people also understand that the former president defied the law for political gain.
Also, as head of the executive branch, he can choose what laws to enforce. He truly can.
That was Obama's approach. Trump is playing by the rules. They won't be popular with CAIR, La Raza, the ACLU, etc.,
yeah. not popular with me either.
It shouldn't hurt to be a child.
When it’s unconstitutional, it’s irrelevant how the child feels
It isn't unconstitutional, unless you think what Reagan and Bush did were too.
And I’m talking about it as an executive order, if Congress passed it, that’s completely different
Did Reagan and H.W. Bush issue actions similar to DACA, as @SenFranken said? | PolitiFact https://buff.ly/2wRtwhs  Yes, they did.
Can’t trust a left leaning website, sorry
You don't need to. Read the Reagan and Bush executive orders.
Ok then, yes they both violated the constitution as well, only because the president was not ever intended to have executive orders
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … ijoij
We miss you!
You brought it on... too bad you left it this way.
You created false hope by illegally creating this program thru EU. Your fault
EO
I agree with President Obama!

For you obummer
Everything about you was wonderful, classy , sexy, super intelligent, and compassionate. The tubby toothy baby in the White House now will throw everything out of his Pram because he can't be your equal. He is obviously totally obsessed
-sir,I have never been to school before, please give me an opportunity to get education.
Do you mean the way #Police target #AfricanAmericans . @blackvoices @ATLBlackStar @BreakingBrown @tonetalks @IramiOF @nytimes @WVON1690 @AP
Will their parents be deported if they are allowed to stay? Thought not. You never did like laws, did you?
U SPENT OUR HARD EARNED TAX DOLLARS ON YOUR MUSLIM BUDS. LET OUR MILITARY GO TO HELL. GAVE 155 BILLION+ TO OUR ENEMY. RUINED HEALTHCARE. FRY
Very true
Yeah, Barack would rather have them targeted in their home countries... I know. Way easier to get rid of them that way!
DACA WE ARE STILL WATCHING!
Correct and do it legally without special favors or taking from America.
I need some of this income inequality.  I need some redistribution of wealth sent my direction!  I mean the income of people is unequal
My family misses you and your family. Thank you for all you did. I loved the country I lived in while you were president.
Usted   fue y SERÁ  para  mí  el mejor  presidente del mundo de los US
he apparently forgets the part about him slipping in the temporary DACA to try to sway voters in 2012. Always using ppl and race baiting
This is a land of laws. Your failure to uphold them was a blatant effort to undermine our great nation. What Country has an open border?
You are lier and A traitor! Shut up and go away already.
So you have
And I say bullshit to that Mr. Bullshiter.
We miss you so much! Time for a #PotusPerpWalk
Why didn't you do Anything to correct the wrong that was done to Kwame. M Kilpatricl.
Just reading your tweets is comforting! You forever give us hope!
Hey numb nuts how about taking care of our own first then worry about the illegal ones
You did plenty that produced little to benefit America for the long term. You sold us out by playing ostrich and favoring blacks and Islam.
Is that like blaming white people who have done nothing wrong for the sins of just 2.1% of their ancestors?  #hypocrisy #liberalism
Please help us, Mr. President.  We need you badly.
Hussein, shut it. You have us husseincare... Remember keep it plan and Dr, etc. So just go away and smoke your Newport's.
You're absolutely right Mr. President!
They just cling to their guns and pick up trucks...let's talk targeting
All the hose I get is ridiculous.
You are the one that did wrong. You were aware of illegal spying on Americans. You said Iran Ag'ment would allow inspections & gave them $$$
I  hope you long live former president barak obama
http://dailybluefashionn.blogspot.com/2017/09/makeup.html … qaqzr
Lol at C_A.  Real honor to have that I.  You wonder why no one talks to me.  Lol.
Hypocrite!!
哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈
Idiot!!
Follow legal path to enter USA. No exceptions. Wake up people.
If your parents take you somewhere,are you responsible?
Yes I am. Especially if they are intentionally breaking laws of another country.
Compared to Olooser we have a Genius in THE PEOPLES HOUSE = 
The White House :) :)
* * GO PRESIDENT TRUMP, GREAT. JOB !!!
what about those muslims being butchered in Burma while the world is quite about it#hypocrisy
ur 8 miserable disgusting criminal racist dividing of this great country. Y don't u have decency 2  go home like the decent presidents did
Tôi yêu ngài.....
You do remember when you said in your speech announcing daca that it was temporaryand not a path to citizenship. It's on YouTube
To continually poke your nose into a job you no longer hold is a punk move . That’s why your side lost . Shut your yap & run along 
Thanks to U 4 inviting illegals & their children here & then give them all benefits. They should thank USA for all instead of protesting.
Hi  mr.barack Obama
What ever happened to your speech that said we are a nation of laws??
So their own countries are so badly run, we must take in the people that have no opportunity?
They are here illegally, that is wrong! Why don't you sponsor them out of your pocket. Use your money not mine! It's just wrong!
We agree with you
If I rob a bank and get caught can my kids keep the $? They've done nothing wrong & I'd like to stay out of prison bec it would hurt them
Even u said this was temporarily action. That it was unconstitutional. Why didn't u act if this was that important? Parents fault not
Americans, parents. They are responsible for them. Let them stay fine no benefits, They have to compete fair with American kids.
You are amazing but Dollhands owes you an apology
Keep hope alive.  Folks are striving for a better life just like all of us and our ancestors.
I strongly agree with you sir

Bringing cash most def
You should have never broke the law by making an executive order knowing the next potus had to deal with it. Its a Congress issue uwr wrong!
Thank you on behalf of all the immigrants 
Yes!!!
https://youtu.be/SSXD_3WSu7U   check out the man w/golden voice ted williams
You said in the past you would not allow illegal to stay, borders need 2 b stronger, now changed. All politicians are slime
They wouldn't be "targeted" if you would have just enforced the LAW. So, you left it on the next president, which you thought was Hillary
Hey come to the philiphines barack Obama  now in week of October ...............................................?
We miss you dearly Mr. President.
being in America illegally is wrong. They need to go live with their parents in the country of their parents. Illegal not right

My heart is heavy for Dreamers. I just want to wake up from this election nightmare. I stand in solidarity with all affected by this cruelty
Stop with the bullshitz  where were you on the rights of DESCENDANTS  OF THE PEOPLE  BROUGHT  HERE TO BE IN SLAVED? ???
hello
Can fix a 1.5 trillion dollar deficit-  yeah, ur a manchurian candidate for Islam! I green light uranium 2 go nuclear & paid for it too.
U did well, 1.5 TRILL TO 20 TRILL& GREEN LIGHT IRAN, only country that admits 2 sponsoring terror & stopped bankruptcy too 4 them. Ur a good
like
.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this
Get out of politics worst president ever. Nice....funding and colluding with Russians for fake news
Not my president! #MAGA
It's upholding the constitution and looking out for Americans first! Something you had ZERO interest in doing! Go away!!!
I'm glad you're not President anymore :)
Haters gonna hate, keep speaking truth! We miss your wisdom, grace and most of all your dignified leadership.
No one is targeting anyone we are simply doing what you should have done deport all illegals they broke are laws they have to go
Lies. A 15 year old boy who enters via the back door with his parents is knowingly breaking the law of USA immigration. NoRewardForCriminals
His only goal as potus is to desimate your legacy and this is just the worst mist disgusting thing he could do there is no need impeach him!
But you have NO PROBLEM screwing American dreamers
Be a MAN Obama and tell the PEOPLE this is ALL YOUR FAULT!  Instead, you let @realDonaldTrump clean up your messes!
You are the one that set them up for this situation. It must be a legal law created by congress.
Give them a shovel ready job...
What you did was wrong. It was unconstitutional and you said so yourself. Now it's back in the hands of Congress as it should be. #DACA
No, it wasn't unconstitutional
He is not targeting them.  He wants things done in a lawful way.  They will stay.  You are not listening to Trump very well.
OBAMA U CREATED SO MANY ILLEGAL GD MESSES IN OUR COUNTRY& SCREWED UP LIVES. U SABOTAGE OUR "LEGAL" PRESIDENT. GALLOWS R WAITING. TRAITOR!!!!
We are a country of laws. Sounds like Trump was just repeating what the Clinton's said:
Thought best of barack obama
@ChelseaClinton breaking the law is wrong. ignorance is no excuse.  any cop would tell ME that.  ship em all.
I am a proud american when i can help someone less fortunate and more deserving than me.
They grew up here because you FAILED to protect borders 
But for you not a failure- part of plan to grow Democratic base 
#NotMyPresident
The libdems are quite an example to follow for crime, violence, slavery, and anarchy.  Sure, share the message.  Everyone loses if libs rule
U.S. citizenship is NOT a "right". "Growing up here", but born of parents with foreign citizenship, is NOT a valid argument.
I so agree. Why is there even a question about this?

#MyLyrics           Please retweet 
Hey, Gladys, liked his supply too. Miss you, Laverne Hughey in Atl. I see Felt often. Reach 404 277 5014. Peace and Musically yours!
Ur a Jihadi Sympathizer & belong in GITMO; the place U conveniently cleaned out!  Maybe u knew ur Administration was be needing a place???
I'm a 20 year marine, sugartits. Piss on you and this draft dodging Russian traitor. 

Get lost, bot.
Hi Barack obama please respond to my tweet
I think it was like a Rush disciple who said that.
These kids only know the US, they have done nothing to you, Why so much hate? Your not getting any ritcher if these good kids leave
Please just talk to Trump directly, do it nicely and talk to him like a child, he likes that !
Encourage the congress to actually do their job
Shut up Obama you spent all our money already
https://twitter.com/crusher614/status/906191598265917440 …
You did nothing for these people, you should shut your mouth!
. U we're one of the greatest presidents!!! u really nice & polite
Bad approach mr Obama.I don't support your ideas.I am an African American and a proud supporter of Donald Trump.45POTUS.
Americas dreams for equal education has failed us.
Exactly as simple as that
@BretBaier You put them in more jeopardy by signing and unconstitutional executive order to do something Congress had already rejected.
True, true, take them all in to your house, Michelle can take care of all
Nobody is "targeting" anybody.  We are demanding that Gov do it's job, enforce immigration law.  U have placed the target!  Americans first!
They did nothing wrong, but you did! By signing an ILLEGAL executive order! Liberal policies fail and now it has to be fixed. Hcare to DACA!

