I am in Illinois, time for a new Governor. Rauner has to go. Thanks Mr. Durbin for morally speaking out. We need to keep ACA & Improve it.
If you're as fed up with Rauner as we are, please consider @Ameya_Pawar_IL for Gov! http://www.pawar2018.com  #NewDeal4IL
Never heard of him, but I like that he's Young (37). We need Fresh, Young, Energetic Representing us.
Definitely. He's also pro-refugee, pro-environmental protection, supports #blacklivesmatter & wants universal child-care for the state.
Sounds like someone we need.
I'm literally one of the people the Rethugs are trying to kill. Thanks for standing with us.
Thank you Senator Durbin for supporting health care for people with disabilities. We need single payer!
You are out of touch with what IL supports. Start working with R's and stop obstructing. 22M not thrown off its choice.
Not true. Choice? Nice that YOU have one.
You have one as well, but you seem to support mandates, high premiums and deductibles.
Thank you.
That's one reason why we keep voting for you. You're one of the good ones.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin !!
Getting thrown off their insurance and opting out are two very different things.
If they opt out, they'll likely regret it.
Oh this problem is so hard, Not. Legalize marijuana tax the fkk out of it and use the funds to pay for medicare for all
Repugnant party talking about cooperation on Health/Tax giveaway,it's my opinion there can be no reason to negotiate on this shameless bill
This Illinoisan agrees! Keep making me happy I voted for you! 
I am with you Senator Durbin !!  God Bless You !!!!
Sounds familiar, kinda crapshoot  here in England  too
@duhgurlz @carolynporco @HillaryClinton
ACA is more popular than ever. Read something. Educate yourself. Trumpcare=17% approval. You understand Fox TV is Trump infomercial, right?
This IL constituent wants a FULL Obamacare repeal.
Thank you, Senator!
Illinois going broke Thanks to backward progressive narcissistic leadership. NY going same route. No thanks.
You mean Mike madigan who has ran this state for over 30 years.  You are the problem
Yes we do.  Get the government out of healthcare.  You suck, need to resign.  You are no good for America nor us in illinois
And smart people do not support you.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Durbin!
I had good insurance until you dimms got involved
Thanks, Senator Durbin
Thank you senator Durbin. Please keep fighting to kill this bill.
Senator, why don't you have the same insurance you want us to have? Are you willing to take what we get?
Of course he isn't! And how dare you even entertain that thought .
Thank you!
We are over 1 million of the 22M who will lose coverage. We thank you for your leadership. #SaveILCare @ProtectILCare @shrivercenter
can you call Rauner, please? thanks.
Should say people from Illinois wow you suck

"I mean, it's MOSTLY BULLSH*T right now"- @CNN producer on Russia story. They KNOW it's #FakeNews! #AmericanPravda

…
I've called your office several times.
Medicaid expansion helped me when I was unemployed. I only needed it a short while but was grateful.
Well said, Dick. Glad you're a fighter in our corner.
Hey Sen Durbin, ever wonder why IL $15B in debt & about 2 declare total bankruptcy and/or default on multiple pensions? & Chicago is next.
Thanks Senator Durbin for representing Illinois.
Thanks for being the best. Keep up the good fight. Illinois is behind you.
Thank you Senator! You and @SenDuckworth are the BEST part of IL!! Thank you both!!
That's a lie Dick. It just doesn't force expensive insurance plan down their throats. Be honest for once in your life.
Thank you!
Thank you Dick for being such a great Senator!
Tell that to Rep LaHood. @RepLahood    Now push for Universal Single Payer Healthcare with Senator Warren @SenWarren It hs wrkd 4 Australia
Thank you, Senator Durbin!  Keep up the good fight! 
America needs more Dick.
Here here!
My Illinois Blue Cross premiums are up 300% under the ACA! Fix this broken health plan the @TheDemocrats created
Thank you Senator for standing with us
Thank you Senator. Proud to be one of your constituents!
22 million without insurance because they wont pay. Read the report! Embarrassment as a Senator!
You already supported Obamacare that cost people their insurance, doctors & is failing fast. Millions will lose when companies leave. #moron
Agreed. IL 15 is getting ready to vote @RepShimkus out and vote @CarlSpoerer2018 in!
No we do NOT!
And now you have a plan for the budget?
I sent a tweet yesterday. What will happen to the transplant people? My son is waiting 4 a kidney? What will happen to people on dialysis?
CBO says 22million MORE people will be thrown off. How many people total will be affected by this bill?
If you legalized marijuana Illinois would have enough money to take care of its poor
Damn straight.
Illinoisans do NOT support Senate Healthcare Bill!!!
Excellent response today on the news of the delay Senator!
Please support Elizabeth Warren's move toward single payer-the only solution.  Thank you.
Now talk some sense to your buddies. Open their eyes to the obvious
It's a better bill that @TheDemocrats never read the bill
Any ideas how to fix the problems with the ACA or do you only intend to obstruct the process. No problems from where you're sitting I guess.
You do not speak for this Illinoisan. It's going to happen, so your time would be better spent digging in and understand its effect on IL.
How about that Hindenburg Obuttfuk care? Hypocrite. 
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for being a leading voice in the Senate against this travesty called trump.
Thank you for looking out for The American people.
Right, but who's going to pay for those 22M people's healthcare?   I don't think it's my responsibility.  So you and the Dems shld pop 4 it.
And this coming from a Senator that does nothing to make his state better! Highest crime in the country! Gangs taking over! High poverty!
 Troll alert 
Snowflake wannabe Bully Alert - The view told her what to think!
Now Americans have the choice to buy or not. Being compelled to buy insurance because a gun to your head full force of Fed Govmt is wrong
Thank you, Senator.
#Obamacare does not work for anyone in my friend and family circle. Represent all of us Illinoians, please!
I'm so happy you're my Senator. Thank you for all you do.
Thank you!  Keep up the fight!!!
Thank you very much, Senator!
So you admit you really aren't an Illinoisan! Just a socialist politician.
Please don't speak for me, I hope you get voted out, ruining Illinois !!
Thank you Senator Durbin!!!
Thank you Senator, on it in SoCal
Thank you Senator, but our sitting governor @GovRauner might support it since he's in the pockets of Koch Bros. and he would get tax break
Thank you, Senator.
FYI ... your state is broke.
Your state is in deep debt & unfunded liabilities because of deceitful politicians like you:
http://usdebtclock.org/state-debt-clocks/state-of-illinois-debt-clock.html …
Have you ever asked the middle class in Chicago this question? Or just the rich elites? #ScumBag
It appears you've confused Durbin for Rauner #troll
Nope, Durbins office is in my home town. Tried to reach him on many occasions regarding farm related regulations. Confused with some1 else?
I beg to differ Dick. It cost this Illinoisan his job. Luckily I found another with good private insurance... based out of Tennessee.
We support legalization and taxation of cannabis!  Help fix this disaster!
Seriously imagine the economic benefits of recreational cannabis...illinois sure could use it with the disastrous budget and pension theft
Help
Illinois is greatly in DEBT so is the USA: http://USDebtClock.org  
With over $140Trillion in unfunded liabilities aka pensions-benefits
I second that!  Thank you!
Good!  Then we need you and EVERY other democrat on EVERY news show calling out how bad this bill is, shout it from the rooftops.
Thank you Senator Durbin!!
