@chucktodd "Chuckling" and "amusement"- really?? Maybe we wouldn't be in this mess if you media would stop treating politics like a game.
They support the Great Satan what can you expect from these monsters.
The great Satan is your Perverted Dem party..Lets see; grown men in girls bathrooms, dead cops, riots, $ to Iran for Nukes, open borders sic
@SenatorDurbin   Again I say THANK YOU for standing up for ME, a constituent. I will remember your fight & vote accordingly going forward.
I will remember your fight... o wow. Do you remember.. you can keep your doctor, your premium will not go up, lower deductibles, lies, lies!
Haha... the ACA, was passed by only Democrats, when they controlled the Senate. It's failure has nothing to do with Rep. It's over.. toast
With many Rep. amendments, after 100s of hours of public debate. These Rs act like the bill is top secret, no debate. They know it sux!

Bizarro Land: Republican senators imploring their own colleagues across Capitol to vow they would not pass the bill they are about to pass
Yeah right!!! You're such a liar
Please give them hell, Durbo
Anythings better than what all Dems shoved down #WeThePeople 's throats w/ Ocare. #YouCanKeepYourDr
#CompleteRepeal nothing else will do
Right. 20+ million Americans got healthcare coverage. But of course, taking their healthcare away would be "better."
Some ppl would say ur being conveniently & selectively ignorant of the facts in favor of ur position
I arrive at my position by analyzing facts. CBO report, healthcare experts' analysis, med associations statements.  Wish everyone did same.

#0Plan #FOODSTAMPBILL: Skinny bill is Ryan's fuzzy math bill. McCain & his Republican comrades voted against those dumb bills is my hero. 
They're absolutely the worst.
These people are all disgusting.
doing things by the rules might take convincing for these asshole @senateGOP who are rogue&represent their own tax breaks. That is all.
Durbin-remember Dems forced O'care on USA w/out knowing what was in it, ur a 1st rate hypocrit. Vote4 #TermLimits--u've lived off govt 2long
Nope. Open hearings, expert analysis, news articles. Anyone paying attention knew what was in ACA b4 it was passed.
What is your healthcare plan
Durban...Term limits
What more would we expect from a party of LOSERS
Why is .@SenatorDurbin smiling?
They believe the lies from Paul Ryan's mouth. He won't change anything. He plans to sign it as is.
MSNBC spreads as much fake news as CNN
#Republicans need to join the human race...
why do gop men want to take insurance away from those who have it leave healthcare alone russiagate is more important
Of course they'll vote for it. How else can they burn the country down.
#NoVawa4Vsia
Oh Dick... how's Ellinoise? Swirling the bowl dickbag?
@SenatorDurbin, so proud of the work you're doing! Your constituents are behind your efforts on Healthcare!
You think people a bit Crazy now about possible losing there health care, let it die and see what kinda crazy people  are out there then
Aren't you one of them that said Obamacare is the world's best insurance and I'm supposed to believe what you say now
Anythingbis better than what all the Dems shoved down We The Peoples throats with Obamacare...t
#CompleteRepeal nothing else will do
DT:"fraud & disaster? I'm all in, where do I sign? Hurry fellas send it my way, I got golf in a couple of days".
@chucktodd they were calling you a "fraud" & "disaster"...#fakenewsnbc
Entirely too believable. They've done it several times
If U had listened, they said that this was not a bill to repeal, but to start the process in getting other ideas reviewed and checked. FFN!
Durbin, you're simply a putz. Hopefully you'll be out of a job come next election. ANYONE would be better than you.
You ought to know about disasters, it's called Obama care. lets try free market.or give americans the senate health plan. no single payer
Evidently the GOP doesn't know how to govern; now that have nothing to complain about they're flummoxed
Please vote no!!!
That makes Repubs the frauds & disaster, who vote for fraud & disaster.
Please do this!
And the public knows MSNBC is fake news but you still appear it.
Jesus thinks you're an ass.
I don't understand this. If #SkinnyRepeal hurts America (Premiums +20% & 16 mil lose care... um... yes it hurts...)they should just #VoteNo!

Anything is better than Obamacare
Trump wishes to improve health care by exterminating as many poor people as possible. Thereby giving more time per patient for doctors.
Instead of complaining maybe you should do your job
Aww look at the widdle sockpuppet/bot. Как сегодня матушка Россия, товарищ?
Well yeah, duh. They don't give two shits about America, they care about Party. Dems aren't much better, but they are better.

Thank you for standing up for the people of Illinois
Damn shame.
SHAME on @SenatorDurbin @DNC for destroying healthcare system! Congress isn't even covered by obumacare! #demonRats r responsible -FIX IT!!!
THANK YOU 
My senator Durbin
If they want to be sure the house goes to conference they might as well pass single payer.
The GOP has become a moral vacuum.
Why didnt dems vote for the single payer system that was put foward for a vote, they voted present really lmao yes or no not hard.
Thank you, Senator Durbin
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer for God's sake!!
How can they pass this then
Does a bill out of this "conference" have to be voted on again?
You know they will, Senator.
