By selling junk plans & slashing Medicaid, #GrahamCassidy:
 
Rips coverage from tens of millions of working families

Health care costs ↑
Eliminates protections for pre-existing conditions
 
Imposes an age tax on those 50+
 
Opposed by major medical & patient groups
Ends the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion – hurting children, pregnant women, seniors, and the disabled
Yet another repeal bill with no hearings, no amendments, no expert analysis. #Trumpcare is back. We must defeat it.
You all did the same with Obama care without reading it.
But they DO know it will harm MANY. Yet they'll still try.
They don't care.
OCare forces those who want  2 make a personal choice of not having HCare by the full force of the Gov with a gun 2 their head 2 pay fine
But if you don't want to have healthcare, when you get ill and end up in the ER, why should I pay for it with my taxes?
Ask Senator Dick why he supported NOT being forced to use OCare like the rest of us unwashed masses.
This bill is a travesty, more uninsured, higher costs, less coverage. Each version gets worse. This bill must be stopped
So sad. And republicans don't seem to give a hoot about their fellow Americans
I truly believe the Republicans don't give a darn who it hurts Senator. Do any of the Republicans have a heart or r they all about any bill?
But you had no problem ramming Obama care down our throats! more political bs with no solutions just keep blaming and shaming! Liberal way!
Why aren´t you backing universal health care?
You rammed through obama care and didn't care how many people it hurt. Quit being hypocritical
Didn't the Democrats do the same thing when THEY passed ObamaCare? Phony hypocrites!
@realDonaldTrump Bad for America
I think you're confusing what the GOP is trying to do with what you did do in the middle of the night through parliamentary tricks.
Why haven't YOU @DickDurbin come out in favor of EVERYONE being covered & nobody left behind W/#mediCAREforALL like 35% of @SenateDems ???
Thank you to my senator for doing what is right and opposing this zombie healthcare bill. Just when you thought it was dead. Keep fighting!
Like you guys did with obamacare?
It will help more people than it will hurt.
It's all about spite.
Oh I totally, respectfully disagree. GOP does know. THEY. DON'T. CARE. They do not care.
Your ACA hurt most Americans. Who ever believed that more government involvement in healthcare would REDUCE costs?
Never!
#GrahamCassidy will hurt every American except the ultra-wealthy.

People shouldn't have to suffer because of their income class.
Thank you for fighting this terrible ACA repeal attempt. Will you support a Medicare for all health care plan next that will cover everyone?
If o' care is so great, then why don't you have it? No special perks for any public leaders.
Senator, I do not believe they care..so not knowing would not dissuade them.
Don't confuse them w facts.  
They don't care who gets hurt.  Won't be them.  
Everyone for him-/herself. 
TY 4 fighting!
They don't care how many Americans they hurt.
Please stop them!!! You and @SenDuckworth are all we have to save our healthcare.
Sounds like the Bullshit dems pulled with Obama care
Stop them please, please
THEY DO NOT CARE ABOUT REAL PEOPLE.  THEY HAVE SHOWN THIS OVER AND OVER AND OVER AGAIN.  THIS IS HOW THEY MAINTAIN POWER AND WEALTH.
Or caring.
That is exactly what Obama-Democrats did in 2010.
Learn FACTS: Milton Friedman: HC n a Free Market:
https://youtu.be/-6t-R3pWrRw 
@HCOnlineCourses
Wait a minute Dicky! Isn't that what you & the other Democrats did with Obamacare? How does the shoe fit now that it is on the other foot?
Do you know how many people Obamacare hurts now?  Government has a right to attack it's citizens by usurping capitalism?
Just like the dems did 8 years ago.
Learn from people who deal with facts not PC-BS:
Milton Friedman: HealthCare in a Free Market:
https://youtu.be/-6t-R3pWrRw 
@HCOnlineCourses
"We have to pass it to see what's in it" @NancyPelosi
ram through them.
They don't care
Obama didn't care who he hurt
Obamacare was forced on us.
You rammed the ACA through and cared less how many people would be hurt. Hypocrite !
There is no easy fix to the mess you all created. For some it will be much better.
You must not have, or know anyone that has, a pre-existing condition. Or is a senior on a limited income. Or has a sick child.
Even if that were true, the Dem's "rammed" through the ACA without knowing how many Americans it would hurt. Hypocrites!!! @POTUS
Not as many as Obama Care has hurt
I so appreciate u standing up for us, along with other @DemSenators . Thank u all.
@timottr don't let them, @SenatorDurbin Americans need our elected officials to protect against this disastrous deal.
Senator, do you honestly believe these monsters care about the people they're supposed to be representing?
Counting on you to do everything to stop it!
Knowing or Caring!
We must stop them.
You and Obama did the same. You screwed us workers and gave healthcare away for free to millions
When will you cosponsor #Medicareforall instead of platitudes for standing up for the status quo. #ACA is not the best we can do!
Just like the #Democrats did with ramming #Obamacare down our throats
you mean the same way you pastthis obama care shit. remember, palosi, and you saying we have to past it before we read it. remember
Senator, it's obvious - they don't care. They r hellbent on repealing the ACA. What comes next is not really their concern. They r horrid.
We must jam their phones!!!
(202) 224-3121
(202) 224-3121

Tell senators vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill & no using kids as human shields.
Have you cosigned @SenSanders bill yet?
Let me know @republic if you need help ramming this through. #maga
Well it will hurt me
And you never understood that Obamacare made heath care cost out of the reach of people that made too must $ to get a subsidy
During the first two years of Obama you democrats were doing all the ramming, plus a ton of cramming !!
Democrats will ram through ObamaCare without realizing millions of Americans will get hurt.
It has already hurt many people. Do you have Obama care? Did not think so...
What can we do to stop it, if we are in states where our Senators are both Democrats?
Thank you for fighting. Block and cap sets up a lethal competition for funding between vulnerable dev disabled adults and senior boomers.
Perhaps they simply dont care how many Americans it will hurt. Senators Collins, Murkowski, McCain... any one else care about constituents ?
Thanks Senator for having our backs!!
Fight and speak up for Medicare or single payer for all.  Individual market does not work. Make out right now, group for all.SPEAK UP FIX IT
D.Durkin,they know exactly how many Americans it will hurt, 1 is 2 many. They DON'T CARE just like the sicko Trump.
They seem hellbent on committing political suicide w/this. If we get the CBO numbers, I bet they'll be about as bad or worse than before.
This one is even worse, I think.
They do not care . Sad when they were elected by the people to help the people
Not helpful, dude.
Here we go, again!
