Trump abdicated what presidents have regarded as a cardinal duty of their job: to set a moral course for the nation http://nyti.ms/2w38HBG 
Shame on you. You Lost so GET OVER IT.
For that reason alone @POTUS deserves Impeachment #DoSomethingGOP
How did he break the law? By him saying both side have problems with violence? Are you mad because he is right?
A Moral Leader
Doesn't Lie
Doesn't Preach Hate/Violence
Serves The People 
Persuades w/o Threats
Leads By Example
Shows Empathy/Tolerance
Doesn't preach hate or violence what lie? Does serve the people threat are needed when facing a toddler with constant threats to our country
Recent Example Of Trump Encouraging Violence:
http://mashable.com/2017/07/28/trump-police-speech-ms-13/#1j4msWsndaq0 …
Although I did get a laugh from your left wing "legitimate" websites I now understand where your veiws come from
Nothing to do with Left vs Right but the Reality that Trump Is unfit for the Presidency!
Really reality is two of your sources have had to retract multiple stories for being out right lies the other I haven't even heard of so
Clinton committed adultery. His wife used her power to have iilegal servers. Obama lied about ACA and Begahzi.  Tell me what dem had morals?
Surely we knew that a man with no morals would not be able to do this.
MORAL
He is failing on all fronts. He cannot lead and should be removed from office
Consumer Confidence 16 yr high
Unemployment at 16 yr low 
Higher paying jobs not Obama's min wage jobs
#MAGA
And you will be doing something about that when?
Neither are you Dickie! As for your colleagues, not much to crow about either!
That's not so you low life. You don't really know much do you.. Term limits must be on the next federal ballot. Americans must regain cong.
5 kids by three wives and # of mistresses and thats moral compass?  Sounds like Moron Compass 
Yor opinion...and as we all know....opinions are like assholes, everybody has one and most of them stink.
He's set the course for bat s*** crazy.
He needs to go
The government will not be able to function with this bozo in office. #impeach
According to Dick and his puppet Democrats.
I'm not for political debates, but when did the US begin having morals again?
He is incapable of carry out that directive and it is painfully obvious to the entire world. #UNFIT #TrumpMustGo
All you liberals are so pissed because he HAS set a morale direction it just makes you all look immoral. Stop changing the meaning of words!
t=impotent, inept, ineffective, inappropriate, inefficient, incompetent Indeed.
He's totally incapable
Then please do something.
I see from your followers intelligence is not required to comment. For all the impeach now crowd he has not committed a crime so you can't.
How? Because he pointed out violence is a problem on the left as well as the right you must of slept through Steve Scalise being shot?
Impeach now
Heard your speech. AWESOME!!!
You are a divider Mr Durbin
Of course neither did Obama. He was/is so morally off center it is unbelievable. You have to be truthful to be moral. Alien concept for Dems
Isn't it about time for you to retire?
He's trying to put sanity back into a system you all tried to destroy
@SenateDems @nytpolitics Because he has no morals but we knew that before the election
What fools! Haven't the last 30+yrs shown us who he is? The Access Hollywood tape? Donald Trump is only capable of being an immoral compass!
I think he is defending all ideas and not correct or wrong ones. He wants to have the option to be passionate even if it's wrong. #allideas
Your fckn nuts lol.. never should we have a "politician" as our moral center, gotta be a joke
Regardless of the source, reject all violence , rasicim, & hatefulness. U r not doing America good by favoring  one side over thec other.SAD
Oh shut up intern. Senator Durbin have duty to represent legal citizens and he doesn't. More interested in illigal aliens.
U are not living up to ur moral duty to Illinois. When are u going to get to work on the many, many problems of Illinois.
He does not represent America he set our country back 50 years!
What did obama say about elections, and consequences, driving cars and back seats again?    Oh that right, you're out of ur mind.
You say 'duty' but all Trump hears is 'doody'.
your political grandstanding is reprehensible but typical of many of your peers. disgusting.
They elected an immoral man. What can we expect from a man without conscience? Way too many of them now in the world!
They ?   And I guess you deciding for us ignored Americans is the answer except when you need our tax dollars from the burger flipping jobs
You can keep your doctor hospital and save $2.5k an admitted lie along with shovel ready jobs while we audit as many republicans as we can
Impeach the idiot and let's move on. Please!
Rid us of this pestilence called trump! #Censure/Impeach
No he is not.  Possibly more trouble in #Phoenix.  He is wildly out of control and it's time Congress did something about it. #25thAmendment
You do realize that 25th amendment won't install Hilary president. Lol. Or you are clueless how constitution works.
According to you he doesn't speek correctly. Well all you asshats don't act properly. Bunch of corrupt globalist
Yea like you are a paragon of virtue. You lie you slander you cheat and you believe it's ok to kill a baby. You have no moral center
Ok Sen. do something about it !!! Also what can you do about gerrymandering? I live by Danville & my rep is bible thumper Shimkus (sad)
He wouldn't know morals if they slapped him in the face. He can't abdicate what he doesn't have or understand. He is unfit to be POTUS.
The DNC have no idea the war they are starting by trying to impeach Pres Trump.
I just don't understand why the GOP lets trump get away w/ this with no consequences.
You even try to impeach Pres Trump and there will be a war.
U and the rest of the Senate are  just as culpable for allowing this to continue. DT Is not fit for office.
after all his other crimes liar trump has stepped over the line he needs to resign as potus or inpeached.we do not want a nazi America.FACT/
You have a duty to stop lying Durbin
Smart move black community waking up leaving #DNC Plantation of low expectations  #Charolettesville
IMPEACH NOW!!!!!!
Checking your moral compass:  Hillary  PRAISED KKK Sen Robert Byrd (D)  He's My MENTOR ~WILL YOU DENOUNCE Hillary
Trump is doing a wonderful job. Democratic Party is a party of Destruction and are proving it with their actions.
@DNC shake-up leaves Dems behind in fundraising 

http://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/346680-post-election-chaos-leaves-dnc-far-behind-in-fundraising …
NO you Democratic's are out of control. Charlottesville Police Come Forward: We Were Told to "STAND DOWN" to Ignite Race War (Video)
So says Saint Durbin
Best quote I have read this week.
'Black  people who were never slaves are fighting white people who were never  Nazis over a confederate
statue erected by democrats,' and why, because  democrats can't  stand their own history anymore and somehow it's Trump's  fault?'  Insanity
You have to have morals before you can find a moral center. Voters knew Trump was an immoral p-grabbing, narcissistic, racist bigot
Just like Slick Willy
Durbin watching too much CNN fake news and not doing his job.  Get back to work before you run your mouth
Did your lack of morals cause you & others to make Illinois junk bond status? Educ System paying $850 million % on a $500 million loan?
Democrats should have started a LONG TIME AGO when protesters destroyed, burned & assault ppl right after elec. YOU Ppl NEVER denounced it!
Have you ever actually written or said a single coherent thing?
Malignant narcissists have no emotion, no ethics, zero morality. Trump's been acting this way since at least 1980s.
@realdonaldtrump has a lot more morals and family principles-values than you, Democrat party and Establishment Republicans aka DC Cartel.
Of course he's not. He wasn't living up to it when he assumed the office 7 months ago. Unless "grabbing" is now OK.
https://twitter.com/614swat/status/898002378300956673 …
Moral center huh...as if you can stand there on your high horse and preach?While standing on the backs of minoritys & oppressed. #TermLimits
You're buddy Obama had the SAME obligation and did nothing but DIVIDE this country! Senator, you have a duty to the AMERICAN people
It's a shame America had no idea Trump was morally bankrupt.
Why?  Because he said both sides were at fault. The Charlottesville policemen agreed with him.
He is unfit impeach him now!
Why has no Potus for the last 30 yrs never rebuked them by name until now? This Potus has several times. KKK roots from your party's history

Only thing he is living up to is being a D**k Head.
OK, scared again. The Don just invited everyone to join him in PHO,AZ Aug-22. Who is to show up, a BIG ALT- RIGHT CROUD?
Here's a great piece of context for this discussion, from a 1990 Vanity Fair article:
The cville citizens protesting against Nazis were from both parties. This is not a matter of politics, its a matter of morality and justice.
And he never will.  PLEASE work with your Republican colleagues in Congress to remove him from office.  The world is holding on by a thread.
You sound like a snowflake. Just go sit in the corner and cry
The @POTUS did take the moral middle of the country. You want him to take the political moral ground. On this issue you might be right.
He has no moral center. He has no compa$$ to guide him. We need u to lead the way.#impeachment
Trump's not living up to a single aspect of being President!
The only thing he's living up to, even exceeding, is woefully low expectations!
If Trump is the moral center then America is doomed.
time for all you politicians to get together and oust donald trump. donald trump should be behind bars by now.
Bs.
Hope you are having some talks with your colleagues about finding a way to put our government and country back on track... without Trump.
Hard to *be* the moral center when you have no moral center....
When will they be calling for the resignation of Senator Chapelle-Nadal for calling for assassination of our President
Agreed! That leaves Legislative Branch to lead us! How about it? EVERY MOC should return to D.C. & protest Trump's racism & bigotry! NOW!
What the fuck do u know about morality   !?! Chigago  /Cook County ur a parhetic  alt left activist out for himelf & maybe a few freinds  !?

@SenateDems Here is an example of Democratic morals.
Sen Durbin you are a hate-filled airbag who obviously have no agenda other than to bring down our president. Shut up & move on
Could it be because he, himself, has no moral center?
He is not capable. He is an empty shell of a human.
First the House has to act, then the Senate. We can help by keeping up the pressure. https://twitter.com/business/status/898278604282314752 … The Business community hears..
JUST IN: Trump abandons plan for council on infrastructure https://bloom.bg/2uV9Asr  
Morals. A word Trump has to look up in the dictionary.
the nyt has abdocated objectivity for partisanship
there's really no way he could have denounced them harder. Your burrying your head in the sand
We all know this, Senator Durbin. What we need to hear from you is, WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT?!
I was about to write the same thing. I appreciate it, but pointing this out is no longer useful. Action is needed.
He's a Senator. First the House has to impeach before the senate gets to vote.
Trumps moral center
"I disagree with what you have to say but will fight to the death to protect your right to say it."
Just like Bill Clinton getting a hummer in the White House. Stones and glass house apply here.
How can Trump be expected to set a moral course for the nation when he doesn't have a working moral compass? #shipwreck
Senator our political strategies are flat.  We cannot keep doing what we have been.  Politically, this party is not up to task
Senator Durbin - it's time for impeachment! His moral compass has no needle and having a President that is a pathological liar hurts USA.
Agreed Lisa President Trump should follow the Democratic party's moral compass.
The Office Of The President Should be Dignified Honorable and A Role Model For Our Nation's Youth ROS
Importing violent people into the USA 

https://www.steelonsteel.com/saul-alinskys-12-rules-for-radicals/ …
"Not living up to it"--you mean "incapable of it." It's time for all elected officials to say what they mean. We need to forcefully combat.
Everyone should read this; @MayorLandrieu
And you have a moral duty to work for the betterment of the entire country, not just your party. You're a hippocrite
Congress must #CensureTrump
trump is not our problem. you allowing republicans to convict people without a trial is our problem. what are we going to do about it?
Oh yea the video cause the Benghazi attacks ! That guy is still in prison based on a Obama admin lie
#Trump is delusional a hypocrite and not mentally or morally fit to make decisions for Americans here or globally...
I guess you could do a better job
THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! #ImpeachTrump
Tricky Dicky is not one for a moral standard
Stupid person right here.  Put your hand up if you watch CNN fake news
He doesn't have morals. You can't get wine from a cow.
That man was NEVER capable of having a moral center.
Now what, Senator?
No, he has a duty to be an idiot. Thats how he represented himself. It was your duty to maintain the rule of law and you failed
Nice original thought, Dick. The media is in heat and you're falling for the flame.
Why isn't the Senate & House doing something about this idiot.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Says a Senator that is a key figurehead in destroying Illinois and supporting domestic terror groups BLM and Antifa! You must resign!
Senator- Remind your Republican colleagues directly that if they refuse to renounce Trump - they are guilty as the neo-Nazi sympathizers.
What's the difference between Joe McCarthy calling everyone Reds in the 50s and Democrats calling everyone racists today? Not a thing.
He'll never live up to it. He's never been a moral person. He has always stood on the side of the oppressor. He won't ever change.
The REAL reason for tearing down statues is they prove that the Democrat parties legacy was and still is slavery, Jim Crow and racism.
It's hard to do that when you're only at work two or three days a week.
