Ok Senator-you have programs in place to stop gun violence-and control who gets guns right? Where has that gotten us so far?~
Sooo..... @SenatorDurbin what have u done to fix this? All this is on your watch and nothing has changed.. New Year and same old politics
Thank you!!
those old methods do not work.  Martial law is better than gangbanger law
As resident of the chicago area i have to ask. Hows that working out for you so far? Answer: ITs NOT! I LIVE HERE!!! NOT DC..
I think there are deep issues with ed. and opportunity. Guns are symptom.  Need to fix causes. Long road.
The Tangerine Snatch Grabber doesn't get it he has no knowledge except from TV
The President of the United States is behaving delusionally. Americans/world are frightened. #CountryBeforeParty #SANEPeople
wake up!!!! Chicago has the strictest gun laws. You need to listen to the people!!
Shake the dangerous hands. Look them in the  and tell them -use a #gun in a crime they will be put away for a LONG time!
how exactly do you stop the flow of guns into the hands of criminals?  Let's hear it Dick! 

My guess would be more gun laws.
YOU DEMO'S ARE EVIL DANGEROUS PEOPLE YOU HAVE PLAYED BLACKS AGAINST BLACKS ITS YOUR FAULT ALL OF IT
Violence there not caused by lack of police. Needs investments in Schools/Community Centers/Jobs/After School/Public Health
The NRA isn't going to like that Mr. Durban. They own Republicans so in spite of what we , the majority want, won't happen.
Hi. Are you familiar with America's Culture of African American Child Abuse & Neglect?

https://medium.com/@AveryJarhman/americas-culture-of-african-american-child-abuse-neglect-maltreatment-described-by-popular-americans-a6c9ffa1eef8/ …

Peace.
Durban, Emanuel et al Democrat hacks have no credibility, they preside over a murderous Chicago. Hope Trump sends in Fed help
Respectfully , Senator but it is true that the bad guys will always have guns! Something sure needs done!
@sjventurino I love my Congressional reps
.@SenatorDurbin Yeah right, how has that worked out?  40 people killed in the first 22 days of January.  Get a clue!
guns, many of which come from Indiana. VP Pence's Indiana, of which he was Governor.
for goodness sakes...u think these crooks can't find guns. ..really IN...that is what you got..man oh man
lax gun laws mean more guns available. #obtuse. Seems to run rampant in trump minions.
the toughest gun laws in the land roxie.. democrats are failures
How many more should die in Chicago?
I doubt you were concerned about Chicago violence before this, but that's not what Trump's threat was about. @dacawa @SenatorDurbin
Everyone who lives in Chicago area is concerned! Aren't you concerned about the loss of innocent life
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION HAS ARMED ISIS AND CHICAGO THEY GAVE EM THE GUNS JUST ASK EM WHERE THEY GOT EM
sound like a broken record. It's NOT a gun problem, it's a GANG problem. Plus these thugs are growing up with no daddy's.
worked well so far. Wake up.
@LaddEveritt Here's a well researched response to Trump's Chicago tweet: https://www.facebook.com/jamiehunterphoto/posts/10158159450890424 …
& maybe putting $$ into CPS? everyone advocates for more police, tougher laws - its schools that the mayor/govt ignore
The intentional, organized flow of guns into Chicago is meant to undermine gun control laws and to paint POC as lawless.
Senator, you are sorely mistaken. I don't think that you even believe what you posted.
So proud to call you my Senator @SenatorDurbin ! This constituent, who used to work on south and west sides, wants to help however I can!
thank you
You've had your turn 'Jerk-Off'... & look at the wreakage liberals have left in its wake....
@DeniseGabbard jobs and safe schools
Easy guns sponsored by GOP legislatures in MI, IN, OH, WI, IA, MO, (& now, KY) are flooding Chicago #gunsense
so maybe enforce current straw purchase laws
Which part of "easy guns" did you fail to understand #ammosexuals
what part of enforce current laws don't you understand?
Do you mean enforce straw purch laws in feeding states? I understand CHI does not allow gun sales. @Pyrotese @tkdcoach @SenatorDurbin
yup
@QuorumCall  Yes because stopping the flow of guns has work up to this point. Something needs to happen to stop the violence
Yes and long-term commitments to provide quality education, social services support and more. Wholistic.
Too bad Dumb Donald didn't think of that before making Indiana's gun-loving Governor his Vice President.
If there should be martial law anywhere (there shouldn't), it'd be Indiana. They're feeding the guns to our residents.
The only practical answer is to make punishment for gun violence so high that deterrence would be high. Can't eliminate guns realistically
why hasn't your state already done that? Focusing on the wrong things!
Why did you vote for Nikki Haley, who is completely unqualified to represent the US?
Thank for this sage advice in contrast to the dangerously misinformed suggestion made by POTUS.
Well, somebody needs to figure this out!! As senator of Illinois what are you doing to help. Someone do something!?
Are you saying blacks in Chicago should be banned from having guns? Sounds racist to me.
Please continue to be a voice of reason, Senator Durbin. Been an American citizen my entire life and am truly terrified now
silly Dick, more guns= less grizzlies in schools! #maga #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Wait martial law is being advocated? When did we become a fascist national? Senator how can this be stopped?
How long has Chicago been a gun control city? That policy is working well.
The better question would be, why have you allowed Chicago to become such a Hell Hole under your Democrat rule?
CHICAGO became a hell hole BECAUSE OF DEMOCRATS.They want to bring down everyone else so Chicago looks better!
Martial Law?... are you suggesting Martial Law.  Is there a difference between Martial Law and excessive regulations?
isn't suggesting it Trump did earlier - said "or I'll bring in the Feds" i.e. Declare martial law
strict gun laws for law abiding citizens isn't the answer; the stats prove this. Guns will be illegally obtained  regardless.
what about a jobs program to give youth positive direction???
seriously dame old ideas for decades...I didn't see any of that working. .
when was last jobs program Chicago? Please tell.
I am old..they come and they go state and federal and they are always talking about them...
How about Stopping Gangs?
Can you even say the word Gangs or are you just going to keep blowing smoke up everyone's ass!
Stop and frisk to find illegal guns! What we are doing clearly isn't working. Think bipartisan to save lives
Thank you for standing up for your constituents, Senator!
He's opposing federal help for Chicago citizens under siege. What's being done isn't working
.@SenatorDurbin Good to hear, Senator. Now, will you be standing against the appt of Sen Sessions as head of the DOJ?
-Chicago, IL
Stand firm and do not allow! Fed Assistance needs a request from Gov, not dictator
Thank you. Don't give an inch to this dangerous man. The people are with you.
Can you possibly be any more stupid?
Just give him a chance...if it can be notched down, he will find it.
what about more funding for community organizations, public schools, and jobs in these communities? More "public safety" - no
please provide the source of the term "martial law"...I cannot locate a quote where that term is used from the POTUS
You people have had yrs to fix it. How time for real leadership.
And social justice: job opportunities, drug treatment, family planning and education.
stop using the same playbook throw it away and get the one for fighting facists
this HS nothing to do w/stopping violence. It's the first attempt to jackboot the American people into obedience @SenSchumer
