Thank You!
- the division in our country is because of you progressives
Thank you for standing up for the people of IL and opposing Sessions.
the constitution doesn't allow for not enforcing the law, it demands enforcement to secure our nation & it's citizens
From an Illinois constituent; Thank You for representing me, as I see it, in a fair & balanced manner.
This the least you can do! I'm an American overseas stuck in IL for voting. (We have common Spfld friends) Go get them, Dick!
What a load of crap. Obamas AGs were totally in his pocket and did EXACTLY what they were told. Even VIOLATING law. #idiots
Thank you. When will we see investigation into foreign interference & conflicts of interest?
Just after HRC is indicted!  First things first.
Yeah ok, super clever. Thanks.
thank you for voting NO on Jeff Sessions. Keep fighting the good fight.
Thank you for standing up to tyranny.
the law is the law. No discretion needed.
Your supposed to represent your constituents, but you only represented those in your narrative. Political theatre.
Thank you for voting no for Sessions. You are listening to your constituents.
Sessions nomination is another perverted mockery of our country by Steve Bannon & Rebekah Mercer
Please get us a budget, thanks
as one of your constituents I deeply appreciate you standing up for what's right.  Thank you
You are aware Illinois has not had a budget for nearly 2 years.  Durbin does nothing.
selective application of the law is injustice.  If the law is deficient, then amend it via your seat on the senate!
thank you
thanks for representing Illinois and standing up the bigotry and racism. We appreciate it.
thank you, Senator.
Thank you for your work and for standing up for us.
Thanks for trying. We'll just have to watch him like a hawk.
McConnell told a Woman to Sit and be Quiet when she wanted to read a letter written by Mrs. King during Black History Month.
we will not see meetings with criminals on the tarmac, politicians going free, or obstruction of justice, unlike with lynch
Thank you for voting against Jeff Sessions.
your vote does not matter. You lose again. We just keep winning. It's a Awesome time to be an American.
lets see how awesome you feel in a few years. If your not already a millionaire Trump isnt MAGA for you.
@Senator your so funny 
I disagree when are you going to represent all the people of the State of Illinois
i am very scared of this man,  thanks for trying
As a retired Illinois citizen, I never voted for you and I am ashamed you represent Illinois in the US Senate.
TY, but now Sessions is asking for Chuck Cooper to be his solicitor general. Now racist AG has a racist attack dog.
as one of you constitutes thank you!!  I hope you oppose the confirmation of Scott Pruitt as head of EPA as well.
thank you for your vote against Sessions and for being a great leader for Illinois.
you are a joke. Have you listened you your constituents in Illinois. Other than Chicago. Your out of touch.
thank you for standing up for the American people. I hope @SenDuckworth will join you again on this vote.
thank you
Alas. With Republicans now "YesMen" & @realDonaldTrump RubberStamps - we all need to #StayAware #PayAttention #SpeakOut.  TY
thank you for voting against sessions. Now let's put the pressure on McConnell to #letlizspeak
thank you! Please keep up the opposition of these unqualified nominees. Also, no hearings for Gorsuch until Garland gets one!
Thank you! #gratefulvoter
. @SenatorDurbin Thank you Senator Durbin. Proud to be your constituent, district 4. We appreciate you. We remain #Indivisible
Thank you senator.
you did a gr8 job yesterday speaking for the people. Thank you.
Feeling fortunate to have Dick Durban and Tammy Duckworth fighting to protect our democracy. What can we do to help?
Well done, Senator. This is why the majority of Illinoisans vote for you. #GotYourBack 
do better
Thank you for representing me. You are on the right side of history!
Thank you.
thanks for pushing against this to the full extent of your position
you and your coziness with Mike Madigan makes this statement of yours disingenuous.... you love working with crooks
I will be working feverishly to help your opponent in the next election! You are an embarrassing partisan hack
thank you for your vote and fighting for our constitution!
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator!  Keep it up.
Thank you!
This Illinois constituent appreciates your efforts! Keep up the good fight! Do not give up or give in!
Could not agree more, @SenatorDurbin. Thank you for your past and future service. Glad to have voted for you several times.
So your attempt at obstructionism failed.
Beautiful. Thank you for saying what needed to be said.
keep trying
@SenDuckworth Well we don't have confidence in either of you representing us. The tide continues to turn. @Potus #MAGA
. You lose again.  WE just keep winning.  We will prevail also with IMMIGRATION REFORM.  We the American  PEOPLE win!
Thank you for trying to stand up for us.
Thank you for opposing.
Clown
Thank you!
thank you for standing up for what's right. The battle continues. #resist
keep an eye on him every minute for us. keep public advised
it seems to me that you've done nothing but exercise obstruction since the break! Get to work on something constructive
like the republicans obstructed everything for 8 years? Get used to it. Sen Durbin is serving his constituents well
thank you for your opposition.
Illinois Thanks You
increasingly proud to be your constituent every day. Thank you 
nobody cares
Never leaving IL RT @SenatorDurbin: My statement on Senator Sessions’ confirmation to U.S. Attorney General
you're a prime example of why we should have term limits!
thank you #keepchurchandstateseparate
.@SenatorDurbin Thank you for your vote against #sessions We must keep fighting for our civil rights and liberties! #resist
@SenatorSessions is the best person for the job. The one courageous enough to stand against the Gang of Eight Bill.
thank you for your vote against Sessions. Please continue to fight for what is just & right. It is VERY appreciated!
We really are through with your political games. You may have not noticed Dems lost over 1k seats in 8 years - yours is next
how did that work out with holder
Such bullshit.
Thank you. Please keep your base in mind and keep voting against this administration!
proud of your articulate statement and to have your vote represent #illinois
Thank you @SenatorDurbin. Your hard work is very much appreciated by this fellow Illinoisan.
...what a load of crap...
thank you!!!!!
thank you Senator !
Sessions as AG is concerning. He must not be allowed to be a rubber stamp for Trump's authoritarian ambitions.#accountability
Thank you for trying.
Great job on all you do for us!!
If the law says to discriminate, is Jeff Sessions wrong.
It's coming.
Independent? You mean like Holder and Lynch? Give me a break!
thank you, senator
After Fast & Furious Holder and Tarmac Lynch @SenatorSessions will finally bring back Homor to the AG Office #MAGA
Why do you say this?
Thanks Senator.

No more money from me for the Democratic Party until they take a true stand. Especially for SCOTUS nominees.
we are doomed. How long until we have poll taxes and separate water fountains? Thanks for trying - stay with us. #resist
Good job. Thanks!
