.@realDonaldTrump administration won't answer questions about #ACA enrollment via @pw_cunningham https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/powerpost/paloma/the-health-202/2017/08/08/the-health-202-trump-administration-won-t-answer-questions-about-obamacare-enrollment/5988b2ed30fb045fdaef1180/?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.00bd1b6f349d …
Your full of bull as a Christmas turkey! I had great affordable health insurance before Obamacare!
Good for you. Some in my family were uninsurable. They can't say the same. TG for ACA.
I love the coverage but who can afford premiums/ deductibles without subsidies? I can't afford 900 mo.+6000 deduct. Leaves 34k to live on.
Who pays the subsidies? I don't get any paid for me! I'm a one income family with no paid sick leave.
Actually, I pay for the subsidies. I pay the extra ACA income taxes. I don't need a tax cut. Let's improve the subsidies.
20 trillion in debt and we need more government bail out? What did our grand parents do when there was no such thing as insurance?
Went with out medical care, lost their homes, savings etc. Died younger.  Have you ever been denied insurance, care? It's a awful feeling
So now, everyone can't afford insurance or afford to use it, but at least no one can be denied having it. Makes great sense!
Really? Trump has been president for 7 months. How long have you been in office? Solve the problem; stop blaming & LEAD!
Democrats for passing the useless piece of legislation.
Your a fine one to talk about responsibility Dick. What have you done to help the state of Illinois??
No, the correct answer was Who are Democrats.
Let us not forget who empowers @realDonaldTrump - the #GOP and their mindless ideology. They are not patriots. Not Americans.
Dick Derbie,you r a pathological liar .did you learn this trait as a child or have you developed this skill over the years? Tell the truth
Yea it was working so well before Trump was elected! Get real Dickie its horrible legislation that got no @GOP sopport
FACT CHECK:TRUMPS EXACT WORDS # PROMISE to Americans "IT WILL BE BETTER/CHEAPER/COVERAGE FOR ALL/NO MEDICAID CUTS it'll be so easy" 
Fact check: Obama's exact words "you can keep your same doctor you can keep your same plan, premiums will be reduced by $2,500 for families"
FACT CHECK:TRUMP SAID it WILL BE CHEAPER/BETTER/INSURANCE FOR(ALL)/NO MEDICAID CUTS it'll be the best!TRUMP is sabotaging ACA that's y $$$UP
Are you smoking medicinal marijuana??  Obamacare WRECKED healthcare in this country and you voted for it...how dare you!!
Absolutely wrecked healthcare for those 20+ million Americans who got coverage under ACA.
Of which about 15 million of those were medicare/medicaid so don't count as those who got covered (they would have anyway)...ACA wrecked it
Pls check the facts. Your statement is wrong. ACA provides coverage for 20+ million who were not covered pre-ACA.
Sorry, my facts are correct...your numbers include those that were going to be covered already due to shuffling medicare-medicaid money.
What a load of crap!  Durbin is trying to blame Trump for OBAMACARE's failures!
Look in the mirror bozo!!
Sorry, Trump was not in office in 2009... but you were.
BOLD FACE LIE, you are accountable, you need to work with @POTUS next election cycle for you, day of truth. enjoy the time left Senator
Ha Ha....you are funny!
Partisan hacks like you Durbin are responsible for this mess. I don't remember Trump casting a vote for ACA
No not TRUMP it's you & your out of touch DEMS. With a few back out REP.
I want congress to have the same insurance every one else has we are tired of supporting them
All of Congress should be forced to be on Obamacare.

Someone should sue Administration for failure or threatening not to pay
Congress must be forced to live under the law they wrote until they repeal it for everyone
Obama care failed all on it's own
No that would be all of the people who voted for it before they read the damn thing in other words you and all Democrats
You worm! Stop misleading the uneducated. This is a Democrat healthcare bill that has failed. Stop lying for support.
Unbelievably ridiculous claim......aca is called Obama care for a reason and dick.....YOU voted to pass it and keep it !!!
Who passed the unaffordable, unsustainable, expensive, high deductible ACA? We all know who cause this issue.
Sorry @SenatorDurbin, Trump admin has not helped but Obamacare is a disaster.  Own it.  Our premiums are skyrocketing and you haven't helped
Pssst your a freaking dope durbham
Trumpcare?? I beleive it's called Obamacare and  you should take the responsibility for the chaos.
You don't tell us what to think. We can and do think on our own. All we can hope for and work toward is making this your last term.
Nice try.  We Remember who gave us Obamacare.
Dear Dick how dishonest of you to push this HC disaster off on GOP. American ppl know who created this mess and you sir are going to wear it
I lost my insurance yesterday.  I know the Trump is responsible
And how did you lose it? Trump hasn't been able to do anything yet! It's still DEMS aca disaster high premiums/deducts. Punishes workers
Of course your party went alone and DICK Durbin'd us all by forcing themselves on us all and screwing America. dwmocRATS did this
Keeping lying to American people, will U deny that Obama & Dems told us we could keep our insurance, keep our Doc & reduced premiums.   
We had world class Health Care before 2010-Obama & Progressive Marxist Democrats destroyed it pushing Socialized-Marxist Govt ObamaCare.
Maybe you had it, but millions didn't. Ins. Co. Cancelled/ denied/ excluded for preexisting or after got sick. Barbaric, it was not good.
But they don't know that, not nearly enough of them. They still want someone to create great health care for free because that was PROMISED
Go home
Obamacare had problems way before Trump became president and its republicans and democrats that can't seem to work together
WHAT! Dems started this roller coaster of high premiums/deducts DEMS did nothing to http://help.Now  you blameTrump.Childish&crazy.
No vote for someone who just wants to pass blame instead of fixing their mistakes. You're all just playing the voting games, stop were sick
We know the ACA has problems, but let's work in a bipartisan effort to fix those problems. We can't let tRUmp cut funding leaving folks w/o
All gone from Nevada. How's that for success
I think there is proof it is Obamacare imploding. You are a joke
2016 article. Still want to blame @POTUS for ur failures?
But not you or the rest of your caucus who crafted and passed ACA on a straight party line vote. Somehow it belongs to someone else? Grow up
Thank you @senatordurbin ! It's a shame that in such a great country, access to healthcare / medicine is held hostage. Recall CDC Guidelines
Govt involvement in HC increasing for 50+ years created this mess. Neither party will get govt out of the way so we, the People, can fix it.
Yep Obamacare is running just as you Dems wanted.
The ACA was falling apart before Trump. You own this, stop trying to pass the blame. Typical
18 of the 23 insurers left or partially left the market before @POTUS was elected. ACA started imploding the day it was past. U own it
As well as the NK antagonistic behavior , don't leave that out! I don't need to be in fear because we have a nothing prez
No dickie the American people know that it was you and obama that crashed a good system
You are something else, Mr Durbin. YOU implemented OCare knowing it would fail. Why? It was a necessary step to Single Payer. UR full of it.
Hate to break it to you but the market went in the toilet prior to Trump even announcing he would seek the office. Nice try u partisan hack
If everyone is dead they won't need healthcare.
Trump threatens North Korea with "fire and fury like the world has never seen." That can only mean nuclear war. 
Should he bite the pillow like Clinton, Bush and Obama did and let them threaten the world?
@PowerPost @realDonaldTrump @pw_cunningham @washingtonpost  #ACA was in trouble long before trump YOU R as much a prob as he
It still amazes me that Obama started this disaster and yet people like @SenatorDurbin will still lay blame @realDonaldTrump! Just amazing!
It still amazes me that some call the ACA a disaster. 20+mil Americans got coverage, pre-x covered, kids insured.
its a disaster 4 me it needs lot of work
We agree. It needs work. Nothing's perfect the first time. Let's fix it, not kill it.

No the Democrats that forced the piling heap of manure on the american people are at fault. It would need fixed it was written to succeed.


They should be paid more so there is less chance of being bought by lobbyists. Term limits now.
The American people, yes. What about Trump’s supporters?
Wrong as usual. YOU AND DEMS own this catastrophe ---spinning and deflecting will not work. @realDonaldTrump
