The independence of our judicial system--esp. #SCOTUS—is more critical than ever. That's the context in which I'll review this nomination.
In recent years, the Court has shifted dramatically toward big money corporate interests at the expense of American workers and small biz
This #SCOTUS seat doesn't belong to Pres. Trump or the GOP. It belongs to the American people, and I’ll make sure their voices are heard.
Their voices were heard you just don't want to listen. #obstructionists #AmericaFirst #resisttheleft
Please block Trump at every step - he is an illegitimate President, voted for by only a minority of Americans, unacceptable!
majority of the country wanted him.  Only urban elites wanted Hilliary.
And there was no Voter Fraud but there was a LOT of Republican perpetrated Election Fraud
. Illegal immigrants in CA vote.  That's voter fraud.
Thank you. We are with you.
it's beginning to sound like Putin's antics
Thank you for the support you are providing for us during this disturbing time in our government!
Shameful behavior!
and you were fine with all of Obama's illegal BS and all of his illegal unlawful exec orders when he threw his little fits.
Maybe if Democrats were not slow walking his nominees Trump would have his own AG, not a BO appointed hack.
AG fired for failing to uphold her sworn oath to The People! Stop the lying...Integrity before politics sir!
Her oath is to uphold the LAW, Constitution, NOT the man. His order is illegal. Court after court says so.
Thank you for speaking out!
block Scotus. The right winger extremist is worst than Alito
you sir is what's wrong with American
more than you've done in last 12 years.
Please DO NOT confirm his cabinet nominations!
That is why it is crucial that you #witholdconsent on Senate business until the immigrant ban is repealed. #nojusticenobills
Please tell us what constituents can do to help block these nominations, and fight executive orders.
keep resisting!
But you still approved 4/5 of his nominees? Fight harder.
Give it up, Senator. You are late to the Twitter party, and you have no influence in the debate.  Also, you're largely wrong.
Resist!Don't capitulate. GOP doesn't honor rules/laws in/out of leadership.Give them what they gave, don't cave. @MsOCHubbard
How about getting organised to #impeachtrump then? Bannon won't be happy until he's destroyed everything. @MsOCHubbard
YOU sir are misinformed the EO's were completely within the constraints of the US Constitution law & The AG willfully defied
Sedition is a FEDERAL CRIME, she should be so lucky to escape w/ only her pride crushed
Are we great yet? Backbone! We are watching!
And will NOT accept our freedoms being taken!
No fn way!
durbin for POTUS
maby saw you testify at sessions confirmation. Any chance you can run for POTUS
and the refusal of the admin to follow those court orders and refusal of DOJ to enforce
What's unprecedented Dick. Don't do your job and you're fired.  At least in the private sector
Please do everything you can to get Bannon out!!
and what are Our senators going to do About this? @SenSanders @SenWarren
right no problem when Obama did it in 2012. People pick POTUS - POTUS picks SCOTUS justice. Shall we learn your ABCs next?
BLOCK ALL OF HIS NOMINEES- any dems that don't are OUT in 2018
@RenegadeINFP @SenatorDurbin LOL. I agree in principle. But they can't. GOP doesn't need their votes in the end.
#FilibusterGorsuch
keep fighting for us!  We are fighting too!
Why are Trump executive orders that undo BO executive orders unlawful?  Where was the outrage the last 8 years?
There's probably a lot we've "missed" too.
Yep!  and you will see more, the longer you protest !
You know this is a false narrative. How do you sleep at night?
another great politician from ill.
. That's a joke right?
Your a Liar!
Yates didn't ony disagree, she pushed her own agenda and did not follow a law already in place. She should be fired.
please confirm Jeff Sessions
eo during Obama given a pass therefore shhh!
block this SCOTUS nominee !  No dems vote yes. Filibuster!  Dems must unite and fight or be voted out!
So yes. Oppose this nomination. Block it. For the love of...  just say NO.
Holdover AG not willing to follow the laws= should have been fired
and complaining solves what exactly?
Yes, we know.  Are you doing something about it?
I called your office yesterday They said you still hadn't made up your mind on Price, Mnuchin, Sessions and DeVos. Why not?
Better get your eyes checked Senator because none of what you 'saw' happened except in your mind. Nice try pushing fake news.
I know....isn't it GREAT!!
#MAGA
"Housekeeping, we have a diaper change at Senator Durbin's office.  Bring extras, because ..#TheresMoreToCome
Please speak for us and make this stop.
please leave.  You are out of touch and an ideologue.
so what are you and the Dems going to DO something???
... insubordination
#MAGA Go Trump
two words, nuclear option.
You think Trump is trying to be a dictator yet?? I do. #RESIST every step, starting with filibustering this 1940s nominee
You mispelled we lost so we must spew lying bullshit.
while I appreciate this sentiment, WE NEED YOU TO GET PISSED!!! Take off the gloves. There is more @SenateDems can be doing
impeach.
Filibuster Gorsuch, Senator!
trump conflicts of interest continue maralgo,his fl home takes money,biz in Saudi Arabia Egypt etc escape illegal muslin ban
#impeachment Now!
GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT! @realDonaldTrump Keep your foot on the gas. Libtard heads are spinning.  @BBCWorld @CNN @DemGovs
Refuse unanimous consent.
are custom officials defying court orders?
Impeach Trump.
Thank you, Senator! The vast majority of your constituents strongly agree with your comments here.
no we don't
thank you for standing up
when King Obama was doing it you didn't mind. AG was not doing her job. Just like you dems not confirming cabinet.
#nojusticenobills Until the unconstitutional Muslim ban is rescinded, refuse consent on everything. #ResistTrump
What "Muslim ban"?
Seat the President's Cabinet ASAP.
figure something out. The American people are tired already.
#ImpeachTrump
@POTUS #NotASmartMan
Honestly the constitutionality of the order is debatable,  but firing AG is a misstep.
...nothing *blocked*, but still in affect. Stop lying...
impeach him. He's destroying America. The British are protesting w the rest of the world. This is terrible.
the British are also sick of having their country overrun.  They voted to leave the EU.
really, been watching news carefully, so you are misleading people who are not paying attention.
his goal is to do with this country, what he's done with his companies..Go bankrupt and walk away with the most toys...
she was asking to be fired and it happened don't be so dramatic the election is over your side lost get over it and serve
this statement screams blind partisan and ignores serious problems.
still seeing reports ppl being detained who are only Muslims not even from those countries
I mean how bad ws Hillary!! Trump did everything wrong n d candidate's #playbook PLUS said crazy stuff & still won? Huh? #WOW
It is unacceptable and the majority of is see it too. We will support you in this fight.
no we won't
last 12 days 32 black.youth died on your streets, u dont give a shit...Why??????????????????????????
watch how he spends his days.  He cares only for immigrants.  Nothing for people born here!
sooooo Presidential!
Oppose Gorsuch.
