His close personal & business ties w/ Pres Putin give me no confidence that he would be an effective force in America’s dealings with Russia
I will fight to ensure that there is vigorous Congressional oversight of the State Department http://www.durbin.senate.gov/newsroom/press-releases/durbin-opposes-confirmation-of-rex-tillerson-for-secretary-of-state …
Hey Genius, your pal Barry O didn't do anything with Russians, Iranians and others. One thing Rex won't do is stand there
thank you for voting no on Rex. Stay strong cuz it's weird what's going on.
what about Betsy Devos? This cannot happen.
Very happy with confirmation of Mr. Tillerson, Secretary of State! No More Benghazi Disasters
Thank you for this vote! Please continue representing Illinois by voting against Betsy DeVos' appointment!!
thank you Senator, unfortunately it wasn't enough and now more than ever we need an investigation into Russian interference!
and it did no good, do you not realize you can be voted out and its ones like you that caused President Trump to win....
don't lie, u only did it bcuz u r a democrat, what r u doing about the dead voting in Chicago? #dishonestdick
thank you!
IS UNDECIDED ON DEVOS as of 1:53 pm Feb 2. I spoke to his Rock Island office. THEY DO NOT KNOW HIS POSITION. OUTRAGEOUS!
Thank you, Sir.
This constituent says thank you and keep it up - vote 'no' on all Trump nominees, including Gorsuch.
and vote NO on @BetsyDeVos as well!
Thank you!
with a dumb Reset button like Hillary did and appear as a world class doofus. #youareajackass
No you voted like a DEM lemming.
U better vote against DeVos too.  If not, we will remember.  Just sayin'
thank you!
good. Now vote no on DeVos #noDevos
thanks now vote against #DeVos No knowledge or concern of special ed students and families
Thanks, now its time to say no to Sessions and DeVos!
Make sure you vote NO on Devos. Your base expects you to be public on this. PS all mailboxes full
Please also publicly state your position on the nomination @BetsyDeVos so that your constituents can respond.
thank you
what about DeVos??
thank you
thank you!
lol...voter ID laws...start with that....and if they hacked the election..
Hillary win by 3 million...lol
feels like we continue to get deeper and deeper in bed with the devil
DO NOT VOTE FOR ANY OF HIS PICKS!! YOU ARE A DEMOCRAT!!
call for investigation of Tillerson+Trump Russia ties. McCain might help.
STAY STRONG. !!!!!!
Thank you for voting against Tillerson confirmation.
thank you! I voted for you and will vote for you again!
Didn't matter to Dems before the umpteen times the Govn't was hacked. Now, only to a bunch of losers. Didn't expect u would.
Thank you!
Money rules, Senator. It's our nation's false Christians' dark God. You know this as well as anyone. Let's be honest.
is anyone investigating Trump's Russian connections?  The fact that no statement has been made on Ukraine is suspicious!!!
Good. Now go fulfil your Budapest memorandum obligations.
i voted against the Democrats cuz they have no concern
For the desires of the American people.
Poor loosers, spoiled brats!!
Thank You Senator Durbin. I think Tillerson is evil. He has known for decades Fossil Fuels warmed the water and air.
you my boy blue!
thank you for voting no. Keep the pressure on!
Thank you Senator Durbin!
thank you Senator! We are counting on you!
That's what we like to see. Thank you for standing up for what is right.
Thank you Senator
thank you for supporting us!  Please say #noDevos #noBannon  #noPruitt  #noPrice #NoSessions
Shut up, you are the reason #IL & Federal congress needs term limits! Bought by lobbyist & doesn't care 2 sh!ts about people
Thank you!!
thank you! Keep fighting for us!
thank you please continue to represent what is best for US
hopefully among other reasons.
the message that was sent this election was from the American people.  We are sick and tired of Washington politics!!
Thank you for doing what you can to stop this ridiculous appointment.
thank you
keep fighting the good fight. 

#Durbin2020 please.
thank you for your strength and perseverance. I appreciate u!!
Thank you for having the backbone to do this sir! Need all Dems in unison now.
Thank you, Senator. Keep fighting for us.
thank you!
Dissapointed in you, my Senator, vote for us. Look at the map Illinois was Red but 4 Cook Cty & 2 sm counties!
Wait for the cyber security plan to be finalized and acted upon.
...that awkward moment when you realize you're just spitting into a Cat-5 hurricane. 
Thank you for all you do, Senator! You are appreciated.
Thank you, Senator! Please continue to #resist
get over yourself your no longer important we all know your a bit on the goofy side
You lost.................again!
Soviets using Trump to establish access to Arabian Sea.
thank you.
Perhaps your party should have picked a non-corrupt, non-law breaking candidate. #neverhillary #treason #MAGA
thank you. keep it up!
how did that work out?
Thank you!
I wish @Sen_JoeManchin @SenatorHeitkamp @SenatorWarner showed some spine & voted No. They shouldn't call themselves Democrats
Thank you @SenatorDurbin
thank you.  Keep resisting.  Keep fighting for us.  We reject Russian interference!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you.
thank you!
that worked well for u
Thank you for your vote!
thank you for opposing Tillerson
thank you senator
thank you
thank you! Love from IL here!
@Punoona_Boons thank you...We won't forget those who voted for and against these dismal cabinet nominees.
Thank you, Senator!
thank you
Thank you ! Please keep it up and defend the rights and freedoms that we deserve . These nominees r bad news
Thank you @SenatorDurbin. Keep it up
Today, I voted against Rex Tillerson for Sec of State as he shows so little concern over Russia's act of cyber warfare in the 2016 election
@lastres0rt Thank you Senator. The people has your back.
can you actually do something to make a conservative constituent such as myself proud to have you REPRESENT ME?!
not to be compared to Hillary's lack of concern for our assets in Benghazi huh. Obstructionism is the new liberalism.
thank you for finally showing up to do your job - but you voted wrong.
Start supporting President Trump please
He's also blatantly unqualified and compromised. Too bad your colleague$ have no conscience.
where as the CIA meddles in other countries affairs we have no standing.
We are screwed as Democrats if we are using Russia's trolling operation on the web to vote down someone. Get a back bone man.
Thank you Senator
@FluffySays thank you for doing the right thing .
I guess you weren't worried during the 8 years of Obama presidency...China and Russia. Funny how that works.
Thank you, Senator. You have the support of many.
Good gawd. Red-baiting shouldn't be the reason for voting for an unqualified individual. Guy has no experience to do the job
stay strong Dick!
Yet you voted for John Kerry who associates w a convicted pedophile & had him be godfather for child ? 14 year old girl ok!
thank you for your vote
Thank you!
well you best call Rahm and tell him to cancel sister city agreement with Moscow - as in Russia - #BSdetectorON
Thank you, Senator.
Wondering how much concern you had when China stole my personal info from OPM?  Much worse than what Russia allegedly did
Keep up the good work!!! Make sure our voices are heard!!! #resist
FYI, now this is an EXPECTATION!
Thank you!
please vote against Betsy DeVos, as well.  60302 constituent
Thank you @SenatorDurbin  ! Keep up the good work :) We have your back in #illinois
There are other more substantial positions of his than that which merit rejecting him.
Thank you! Please vote NO on #DeVosVote
thank you for standing up for us and our system of government
Thank you for your effort.
As a constituent, I appreciate your representing my interests. Please, keep up the fight
@AllLeftNews ) #ImpeachTrump #removeBannon
Dick, if you're going to toss allegations of "warfare", you're aptly named. Sorry someone exposed what idiots the Dems are.
Thank you, Senator! Proud to have you representing us in Illinois!
Thank you!

While you're at it, please fillibuster the shit out of Gorsuch.
Thank you for standing up for what is right!
Thank you. You tried.
thank you!
thank you

Thank you Senator Durbin, from a fellow Democrat you have my support
Now PUTIN has more control of USA & our foreign policy. TREASON
DEMAND an Independent Russian Espionage Investigation away from Congress so no Trumper sabotage #GetThemALLout #NoPence
Thank you for standing up for our constitution & against conflicts of interest! Still want to see Trump's taxes!
thank you!!
So you followed Soros orders.
thank you!
Thank you, Senator Durbin.
Every administration should be afforded the team they desire in the beginning.  Very disappointed in your vote.
pride in my senators!
Thank you Senator. We are with you in IL #Resist
Thank you
this constituent says thank you and please keep opposing these abhorrent cabinet appointments!
me too
Thank you!
You just don't get it, do you?
Thank you Senator Durbin.
thank you
Thank you!
This is a coup courtesy of Russia. Putin has now effectively taken control of the American Government. 
#Treason #Impeach
Thank you!
Thank you for caring enough to do the right thing.

thank you - for being a voice of integrity for your constituents!
Thank you for voting with your conscience.
and Democrats remain in the minority because the country shows little concern for your hysterics & wailing over Trump
Thank you!!
Cyber "warfare" happened under Obama's watch
I don't think he's arguing that. I think he's saying Tillerson's lack of concern was alarming.
thats because you are an obstructionist joke
Slime the reason pple elected an outsider, we are tired of Business as usual in DC political elite get rich  @POTUS
you got a wonder why we keep losing.
It's all part of their plan. Shrug. So when are DEMs catching up on Russian/Trump/Pence ticket news?
thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator. Please convey my disgust to your colleagues who besmirched the D after their name.
who cares about your opinion. All fake bs by democrats. Sore losers and heading south fast. New tune please, getting old.
if you're happy with an oil ceo with ties to Putin will be our Secretary of State you're pretty dumb
what does that have to do with anything at all??????
Thank you
@stellaaaa thank you for showing care and concern for our country Senator Durbin!
Thank You!!
Thank you. Now what about Betsy DeVos?
Thank you, Senator Durbin.
thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
Thank you for your vote. I am a proud to be your constituent.
You're  next.
did you worry when men in #Benghazi died b/c of Clinton?Concerned abt a Pres who loved MuslimBrotherhood @POTUS #MAGA
you could at least link to breitbart after a tweet like that
#Benghazi Men Died, Obama filled the WH w/ Muslim brotherhood Operatives nuff said
source?
we've 8yrs .. You question men died in #Benghazi result of Hillary&Obama ? Let Durbin defend his outrageous remrks bby
Thank you Sen Durbin for voting against TIllerson.
He's confirmed now. I fear we'll be at war with a new country by the end of the month.
thanks, Senator. 
keep voting no..... Like it matters. Now you know how it feels to be from anywhere but Chicago. Your vote makes 0 difference
Thank you, from a constituent. Keep it up!
