What were your statements/questions on record re HRC Benghazi, Email server, AG LL, Clinton Foundation?
Please keep asking those questions & #MakeAmericaSecureAgain
Thank you for fighting for an independent investigation of the Russian interference. And for the truth.
I'm sure he'll toss you lots of softball questions to fulfill yours and his liberal onstructing agenda.
You were terrific! Please continue to bring a  thoughtful, concerned, voice to this important issue!
why are people still on tax returns. Stay focused on our own country. Who cares? If he did cheat it than he
tax returns could show financial ties to Russia.  aka motive for foreign policy choices.
Hillary has had more of a connection with Russia than Trump. More fake news from Dems dumbing down America
Waste of time what r u going to do about Chicago it time to help people that put u there do something please
Senator, are you paid by CNN?
Thank you.
A Lib senator from Chicago + CNN = lowest public confidence ratings EVER! Won't be watching #veryfakenews
fake news.  Smh
Keep pushing for an investigation !
As one of your constituents, I and others demand answers on Trump's Russian connections. Push Congress!
I am scared. Every day gets worse. Please do everything you can to investigate this illegitimate POTUS.
Great job, Senator Durbin!  Thanks!
Shouldn't you be doing what your paid to do instead of doing talk shows? #notgettingmymoneysworth
there is no trump connection do you guys understand what you're saying and doing?  By creating propaganda?
keep crying and kicking. You're irrelevant. Democrats are irrelevant. CNN is irrelevant
please shut  down congress until repubs agree to a special prosecutor
#irrelevantdurbin
very well done, senator
I hope @jaketapper asks about our party decimated @ all levels. Trump wouldn't be in power otherwise. http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2016/11/10/13576488/democratic-party-smoking-pile-rubble …
- I say give up your seat and go be with Obama! You won't be missed !
tell it like it is Sen. Durbin. Stop trump.
.. Benghazi? Classified emails on a personal server? Keep your doctor, etc.?
yes! Focus on what is important. Investigate Russia ties and push to see tax returns
Great interview.
thank you for supporting full independent investigation of Trump Russia ties, @SenatorDurbin
Thank you for reiterating the need for transparent investigation & release of taxes.
Yes!  We need Trump's tax returns.  Not mentally stable to be President.
Enjoyed seeing you.  Thanks for all you do to protect us.  Appreciate it very much!
You're wrong. Intel needed FISA warrant to listen to Flynn when they knew it was him. They broke the law.
"Leaks are only bad if they go against president". Leaks affect my security. Investigate the leaks.
Thank you!
watching...keep representing your Illinois constituents and don't stop digging for the truth!  Thank you!!!
yes, we do need an independent investigation into @POTUS and cronie's involvement w/ Russia
Thank U sir for standing strong!
yes, we do need to see @realDonaldTrump tax returns!
thank you for being on the side of TRUTH and asking for trumps taxes be released
U wdnt knw Truth if it bit u in the butt
Clearly there is an issue. So the question only becomes: At what point will hands be actually forced. A war?@SenatorDurbin @jaketapper @CNN
Talk about HR 861 To Terminate EPA. Sponsored by Matt Gaetz-FL. GOP & Pruitt's end game 2 eliminate EPA!
Thank you, Senator. Please push for a full, independent investigation of the #KremlinKlan.
Americans want an independent investigation and yet so many republicans obstruct justice.
His lies - just say it. And the RNC is also compromised.
