Pretty sure you have better things to do than stir the pot. Dream on.
is the minority whip. Knowing how to read the room n the country is his job.
Key word there is minority.
almost certain u don't  know what the whip does.
Actually he is 2nd in the command chain of the party not in charge. His purpose is to stir up crap against the party in charge in a nutshell
BUZZ! No, 'whips' up own party 2 be counted on be4 vote called. No surprises! 1st House of Cards Frank, is Whip if it helps
So he makes sure the party line gets held? Kinda like an enforcer for a crime boss? Once again " minority" is the key word.
continuing to focus on who is minority or majority party is just extraneous information.
Same poll that said that Hillary would win election!
@LouiseMensch has now pissed off Russia good sign she is spot on with her blog.
66 % of Americans can't even agree the earth is round. This is epic.
the other 34% just want big tax cuts.
@Marshss72 100% percent of Americans want both parties to stop acting like children and do something positive! Grow up!
investigating whether our current administration is being secretly influenced by Russia is an adult endeavor.
A few points less from Americans that want an investigation into the Obama administration.
Still more evidence of HRC colluding with the Russians than Trump. Prove me wrong.
.@repJohnKatko WE NEED ANSWERS on Russian involvement! Join McCain & Stand up for Democracy & Truth, please! @SenatorDurbin @IndivisibleNY24
@AndrewArway I hope the do do real investigation so we can put the lie to bed once and for all.
Already put to bed except with dipsticks like Durbin still beating a dead horse like true dim dolt morons.
@sassyemmy3 I can't believe it's only 66%.
it's been under investigation since last July! No connection! No evidence! Quit with the lies!!
@POTUS  66% of any poll that supports Hillary, Obama or Dem agenda is 100% suspect!
research obama hacking Trump. Obama is evil and you are corrupt
What crap. Much like Durbin.
and we are supposed to be a country of majority rule with respect to the minority. Independent investigation  RESPECTS ALL
the @GOP doesn't care what 66% of us want/Chaffetz cares less abt daughter respecting him than abt bng in clique of traitors
...and the other 34% have been SO brainwashed by Putin's disinformation campaigns that they might NEVER believe that Trump isn't God!
you are an embarassment to our state, the truth is coming out & it's not bad news for the 45th POTUS, but it is for #44!
@barbls23 And the remaining 34% are in denial. That's what happens when one is indoctrinated...
They are rightly afraid of what the result might be...
Yep. Then the REAL snowflakes will have to come  out of their safe spaces& face reality. 
Fake News!
Please save our Democracy! We are not paid protesters and unAmericans. We love our freedoms and constitution.
no such poll
Because we polled every American. Y'all have got to work on your headlines...
@Ez4u2say_Janis The other 34% are surly Trumps base. Those who refuse to see the facts and see Trump as their Imperial leader
just like in the tarmac- lynch and Clinton. Where was your outrage?
FALSE! Get over the #fakenews Russian connection already and do something productive! #TermLimits #Draintheswamp!
I want it (and haven't been polled) and so do most people I know.
Shocking it isn't more. Do Americans WANT the truth?
Looks like. Smells like. Sounds like. Well?? Must be ugly there. Independent invest Russia -gate Now b4 more collusion cover
Just called @RepMikeQuigley office. Lackey Nunes must allow public hearing 2 go fwd & s/b fired/replaced by Ryan
the other 34% would be OK if Putin was in charge.
yes we do and it needs to happen. The whole group is mixed in Trump to Ross.
...so if we can get a fake poll of 66% or more we can investigate anyone! Not sound reasoning. Rule of law, not a mob decides
please remember that health ins. bill did not pass, NOT because anyone in GOP cared, but because Freedom Caucus controls GOP
I hate those guys
so who are the other dumb 34% who's ok with #russianconnection?
He's going down, it's just a matter of how much damage is he going to do before we can get him out.
please insist on it in any senate investigation!
W/ due respect, you seemed oddly giddy speaking w/ #Gorsuch prior to start of hearing this week. Re-group. @s_rsantorini630
Who are these other 34%?
I'm one of those Americans and one of your constituents.  Pls push for it!
@Elizabe32428282 the other 34% aren't paying attention- or are only watching Fox.
#Impeach45
@clarkkathleen and my dog is smarter than the other 34%
- this is a full-court press for the #resistance to #TrumpLies
@jonathanjewel start calling congress and demanding this now!

@JanoBallesteros  100% of the rest of the world want it  :( From Australia
We do want it, but will we get it?
When will we get it?
Never. Democrats would never disobey a guideline. They're normalising it
That has to happen after what Chairman Nunes has done in the last two days. Pls. help get this investigation to an outside commission.
they should investigate soon.
count me among them. You did a great job on Gorsuch, by the way. He should never be confirmed. Poor Merrick Garland.
@gdawgaz Proud that you're my Senator. Keep up the good work! Oh, and pls slap Representative Mike Bost for me.
how many Americans are trying to flee IL right now? #toomanytocount
Are you feeling the heat  yet @realDonaldTrump  I think @BernieSanders is getting ready to set his sights on you but you still have Russia
Why are they not being brought up on charges? I don't understand why GOP is getting away with this.
totally agree! Any other admin would be in handcuffs by now! Unprecedented history. Many books will be written!
- That looks like a filibuster-bustin' percentage to me. On with it!
If anything we need 2 investigate corruption of Obama administration & collusion w/ the press to illegally leak intelligence.
No. This is a distraction from real issues that need solved.  Stop being partisan and work with Trump to fix problems.
@KyHoopFan keep up the pressure. He will fold when it no longer suits him.
@AskPalin THAT would be 66% of Clinton voters or indoctrinated 5th graders? There is NO Trump-Russia/ns & you know it!
At this point it’s also Trump supporters that are wanting this
anybody actually find the link to the poll? - Been all over Qpac.
Found it. Buried under Big Bird. https://poll.qu.edu/national/release-detail?ReleaseID=2444 …
check this out Amy:
It says "voters," which means: 18+? Registered? (Naturally, summary doesn't go into methods in detail). However:
this gives me hope!  Thank you for efforts!
Yes we do- but we also want both sides to work together to make ACA work for all citizens
Given this & uncertainty about legitimacy of this presidency YOU & all Dems must filibuster SCOTUS nominee until resolution!
No they don't stop saying that the Democrats do.
I don't.   Stop wasting time.
Trump in Prison. Lock him Up.
@OhmsParty That's great news! But #GOP doesn't. What are the next steps?
Hillary for prison!
It has to be an independent commission. Can't trust Nunes for sure.
@siaayrom so let's get it done Senator.
Can we get Preet Bharara as an independent investigator?
Keep pushing this. History will remember, and so will the people you represent (self included).
@RTMannJr 1st & foremost we need to investigate whether U.S. citizens are being undermined by Putin.
Just 66%? Who Many Pro-Putin Assholes Are In This Country!?! 
Independent Commission would take a long time. Prefer bi-partisan committee or special prosecutor. Inform = empower!
Whatever it is, just fucking do it. Why the hell are you hiding behind guidelines?
I agree. But impeachment would be swell. Sooner rather than later. Utilize the 25th Amendment.
Please get this. What can the public do to help? Call?
Yes please
Absolutely!
@ikebarinholtz should be 100%
I think Devin Nunez is involved with Russia, hence his cancellation of tues.public hearing & his running to Trump w/info.
Exactly.  2018 is not an option. If you think it is, you're normalising it
@mnboss1 DO IT
@DevinNunes @RepAdamSchiff   For god's sake, I wouldn't trust Devin Nunes to tell me the time of day.  Schiff--love him!
make it happen. Does the opinion of the people matter anymore?
Nope. Democrats must abide by pesky guidelines while the gop break laws.
we deserve an inependent commisson.  Nunes is not to be trusted!
Independent commission is vital to this investigation.
Turn up the heat Senator! Crank up the machine and bring the heat. We MUST go on the offensive while we have momentum. NOW!
is the rest of the senate tired of figuring out common sense. I mean how about an independent party as well.
It is critical we understand what Russia did and how. Our Democracy is at stake
And no 2018 bullshit. This is not normal
Let the people reign this is the time to make an end to a terrible time in our nation Unite and come together our nation
An Independent Investigation MUST happen!!
Please make it happen
Stop running Trump!
@PrincessBravato Independent investigation!
@Susan_Hennessey With all the Russian ties in the WH an independent investigation is absolutely necessary. Background check 2
@PrincessBravato So do i not one of them can be trusted with the truth!!!
Has Mike Flynn turned gov witness?
and the remaining 34% drank too much koolaid probably
@dash_bandy An independent investigation is a necessity. Nunes proved he's incapable of conducting it.
an independent commission would require WH approval or veto proof majority. Best bet is prob. select committee
Fuk the rules. Just do it for God's sake.
what qualifies the President's daughter to sit on meetings and have security an office in the White House ?
@Susan_Hennessey  especially after Nunes clearly unethical behavior this week 100% !!
And they are expecting you to start doing something.
careful what you wish for Dick.  Seems @johnpodesta has more to hide.
.@SenatorDurbin good, people are finally wising up to this con artist!
@Susan_Hennessey Yes, when one of the leaders thinks it's his responsibility 2 give the person being investigated information
@Susan_Hennessey Called my reps everyday for weeks requesting independent commission as well as other issues. Calls work!
Are 34% russians or what?
how many do you think want #SinglePayer? Can you focus on that?
they seem to have a hard time doing two things at once....
@Susan_Hennessey as partisan as US is it has become painfully obvious that @DevinNunes isn't able/willing to be credible
STAT STAT ASAP ASAP ASAP STAT STAT. NOW NOW NOW
Yeah. We know. We're the Americans who want it. Now let's see who can get it done & do more than post on social media abt it.
woo hoo!  Bouncy, bouncy, bouncy bouncy!
What will it take to make this happen? Any suggestions for a people-powered campaign?
Threaten Democrats with misprision charges.
@WayneWi20770958 ASAP
yes
how do we make this happen?
Uh why RT a call for an investigation, @DavidFutrelle? You already said "It's Official" & Trump has committed treason.
Was it not official??? You still need evidence? Go-to-guide CIA killers & liars mere word not enough?
Yes it has to be Devon Nunes could not be impartial he proved it the other day running to trump and wh
What say you about this poll, @KellyannePolls?
why only 66%?? It should be 99.9999999%! We are the Americans first neither republicans nor democrats should supersede this!
Aren't you the one who can work to get that started?  The poll seems to be demanding you do so!
not sure about the rest of America but I'm sure they feel the same I think in the best interest an independent commission
2/3, and growing..... investigate NOW, #DemandAnswers
You bet your a** we do.
Make that 67%, no one asked me yet!  LOL
68%!
there should be an independent commission to investigate and Gorsuch should not be approved until this happens
Let's get it started!!!
Stop your political BS
is that the same poll that had the trader Clinton winning the presidency
I agree. Get his recent taxes, too.
Yes! There is no other acceptable way to do this with integrity.
Did you forget this?
...and how the Obama admins illegal surveillance of US citizens was directed and names willingly unmasked.
How many people think that the Patriot Act is good? Poll that. How many people think the @TSA is any good? Poll that.
How many people want new investigation into 9-11? How many people think that 9-11 was a inside job? Poll that shit. #MSM viewers are lied 2
How do you like the Chicago street named after the SAVAGE FALN Terrorist Leader, Rivera? Guess Victims do not matter to your!
sad news Congress doesn't support American citizens combine Congress healthcare with America for ACA! #nomoreponzischemes
@SenSchumer @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC Yes what the hell is going on? Is the GOP now the Russian party? $>freedom? SAD!
the others have no clue as to the seriousness of the implications.  Its huge-HUGE
a reliance on polls is what got the dems into this mess
yeah, lets just rely on how you personally feel about it with no context whatsoever.
why don't u just retire u have been there too long. u should declare your democrat affiliation
the @GOP care more about their party and power than the country and uncovering the truth. #cowards
Please do everything you possible can to make this happen!
Said another way, 100% of Americans other than Trump sycophants, want an independent commission to investigate Trump’s #Russianconnection.
AS Comey, Clapper & others (CIA, FBI, NSA, misc CI ppl have confirmed: there is NO Trump-Russia/ns.
The whole day yesterday was disturbing. Nunes is not capable at this point of running the investigation.
surprised it's not 86%.
And since GOP always talking about what the American ppl want there should be no problem w them agreeing to this Amirite?
that's really awesome news. Hey @realDonaldTrump... you finally have some really great poll numbers. 
mmmm You sure love the taste of a nothing burger..
This is reason alone to strongly oppose Gorsuch nom or any other lifetime nomination by Trump. As my Senator, I hope you will
with the latest antics and total disrespect Nunes showed it would behoove us to have independent commission
LYING radical leftists deserve ZERO "respect." Respect is earned, NOT demanded! You, Schiff, et al don't get any.
to be safe i'm sure
i agree
getting to the truth.
We need an independent commission or we will keep getting obstructed by Reps,Sen,officials close to 45! It's imperative to
And if Democrats use the not enough numbers excuse, you're saying they're above the law
surprised it's so low...
Yes, yes we do.
Percentage of rest of world available or just go with 98% #OrangeIsTheNewRed #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia #TrumpFBI #TrumpEgo
Honestly this better happen or it will send a signal they can act with impunity
You mean like when you invade Iraq over WMDs that inspectors couldn't find after looking everywhere?
Iraq invasion never had à  hearing on who knew what.
polls aren't a true test in today's times. Proved that back in November.
help make it happen!
I agree!
Let's investigate Comey, & Hillary 2. HRC should b n cell, perhaps she could share a cell w the young sailor who took photos
Investigate HRC for what?
