Breaking: Trump administration rolls back protections for transgender students http://wapo.st/2lMKue0 
Every student, no matter their gender identity, should feel welcome in school. We must do more, not less, to achieve this goal
Does this make straight kids feel welcomed? What if they are called bigots bc they are uncomfortable? You fine w/that?
Imbecile. It IS the right of the states. Try reading the constitution.  Marriage, education, & abortion also states rights.
it's not bigotry, these "kids" are suffering from mental illness. Let's treat the disease, not the symptoms.
if they are "mentally ill" why do you all insist on treating them terribly? You're  transphobic AND ableist?
@misfitmarceline all of the sudden? We've been fine my whole life but all of a sudden it's an issue? Gtfoh
it's not about you, Chuck
exactly. I miss the good old days when liberals didn't make problems where there were none. There have been LGBT since the start
thank you for speaking out for transgender people. #humanrights
Why must it be mandated who uses what bathroom by the govt? You can't make a blanket "law" k call it equal rights
@contrachloe does this child look like she belongs in a boys restroom?
yup. liberals love pushing their bullshit on kids and manipulating them to their advantage. sad really
Imagine that, huh? lmao
Trump is taking us backwards, also contradicts his promises
Not Seen ANY of THIS
rule uno know the answer to your question. Law school answer was not what you expected #confirmgorsuch
What are you going to do about it?
@washingtonpost And tell us again about the decision 2 subject other KIDS to this! Disgusting when U fail & use KIDS 4 agenda
Why should millions of good citizens take extreme risks for less than 4% of the population? @SenatorDurbin
and you have no reason to be a bigot. You were probably taught that by your parent or religion. Shameful
#FakeNewsMedia  BE PISSED AT THE STATE that changes things. Not @POTUS. State has its OWN power now
Asked by @HallieJackson if Besty DeVos is on board with transgender bathroom plan (NYT reported she isn't), Spicer said: “Yes, 100%” 
the only thing this did for states rights is to give them the power to oppress. this is not something we should cheer for
You know most feel our born male and especially female children are the ones experiencing The bigotry. Lives disrupted 
What about my privacy rights as a woman?
since when are gender rights civil rights?
Your attempts to force little girls to have to share bathrooms and dressing rooms with boys is truly disturbing.
You put states rights in quotations like their nothing. Read the constitution, education belongs to the states.
And civil rights belong to the federal government. BIGOT
Well said. We are moving backward as a society. Why??
How about instead of trying to change 99% of the people you get these sick deluded freaks help to go STRAIGHT!
What about the rights of the majority of little girls to not see mens' genitals in a public locker room?  This is a democracy
In locker rooms there are magical things called stalls and curtains. People with brains know this.
Yes then use them in the locker room that matches your gender.  People with commonsense know that.
So you gonna send a trans boy who looks exactly like a boy back into the girls room?
Yes.
Civil rights? Really? The liberal left claims that anything they champion is a "civil right."
Thank you for standing up for transgender kids. 60302 voter :-)
liberals on the wrong sides of issues and history every single time. Time to retire durbin
Trump approval of bullying tactics
how can u allow a child to decide to change sexes?what kind of an idiot allows it ,They arent parents because they reproduce.
Do something about it! Do your job!
What about the civil rights of the girls who do not want to use restrooms with boys who feel like girls?
thank you. Stay strong on this. #Humanrights #indivisible
I'm grateful @SenatorDurbin & @SenDuckworth are my senators!
Special trans Port A Potties is the answer.  How many handicapped parking spaces are you prepared to concede?
...in other words, a sensible decision.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for speaking out on this important issue. I'm proud that you are my senator!
DEMOCRATS ARGUED that SLAVERY was a States Right...did you forget that?
how did you get elected? Voter Fraud?
Was gonna call your office about this exact thing today .... probably will still call, but glad you already get it, sir.
@Michelle_888 Maybe it s time for justice fighters to build our own wall ... #Stonewall2.0 ...
I was born white but I feel black.....I want to identify as black....sounds a little confused doesn't it...
this is silliness. The feds have no dog in this fight.
we must do all we can to make these children feel safe!
thank you! I'm so proud that both of my Illinois senators have compassion. It's such a rare quality in politics!
What about the rights of non transgender people.I dont want a boy who feels like a girl in my daughters bathroom
Upset b/c limited to  of your birth gender - same as mad b/c you can't breathe underwater. Just b/c you say you're a fish...
Pandering to the haters. Time for our leaders to stand up for what's right - not just on the right.
If Feds control bathrooms, and everything more important of course...
What role do you see for State Govt?

None?
Once the Fed Govt takes all power and responsibility from State, Local Govts and even school boards.

What then?
@LoriMajewski this is fucked up
aren't we better than this?
You know, the courts stopped that guidance before Trump did.  Where is your outrage of the courts? @SenatorDurbin
you are a sick, sick man.
we need to protect innocent children from parental abuse turning them into 'transgenders".
@washingtonpost get over it
This is a States rights issue.
1-2% of the population is transgender & you compare their "plight" to that of black people in their fight for civil rights?
LGBT are not a protected class and they have no more legal rights than I do. This is not a civil rights issue, dont make it 1
they made their life choice and now they can deal with the setbacks instead of me having to change my way of life always
U act like the rest of the kids have no privacy rights. Did it ever occur to u the majority deserve privacy too?
while I agree this is wrong, Dems need to focus on jobs and growth to win back Americans hearts and minds
@WomenNMedia why is this even a issue
Exactly. Let kids be kids. Don't peep into stalls, and party on.
how is discrimination a states right?
@deejay90192 If it doesn't put money in his pocket, he's against it. Self serving 45 doesn't believe in equal rights
… Good first name
@thinksheforeign Like hell it does! You need to pull your head out of your ass states make their laws government enforces
Constitutional & Bill of Right laws. The state must take it to the Supreme Court if they rule it to be
boy with "male parts" walking into girls room doesn't already set him up? How about what the girls might feel?
is it bigotry to ask transgender people to get therapy!?
More Lib drama. Relax.
Go get the illegal guns by gangs off the street in your state but no, dudes taking dumps in girls bathroom are more important
@misfitmarceline this guy makes me sick.. and that bitch sitting next to him
@Magdalena0113 Senator, put your words into action. Introduce legislation or escort a transgendered person to the bathroom.
If you actually want to solve problems, not just run your mouth, legislate all single-occ bathrooms. #PoopAlone
I'm alone in a bathroom right now!!

(Not really; that's gross. I just said it because it sounded funny.)
Good grief!  Do you know how ridiculous you sound?
Absurd! Biological Bathroom Use is the origin of bigotry?
policies such as this and pro-choice have really discredited the Democratic Party, for me. #ProtectFamilyValues
@washingtonpost You would rather trample on the rights and privacy og 99.9% of the population.
the Democrats are going deep into the far left.. Dividing people based on race, religion, sexuality won't do you much good
Having to deal with quite a few "setbacks" since November haven't you? #maga
kids are being KILLED in Chicago what about their rights?  What are you and duckworthless doing about it?
The Law won't back him up, thank God. Minority children need our help, taking away support is heartless!
They have a psychological defect so they do need our help.
But a VICTORY for common sense and SAFETY for girls everywhere. This nation is going INSANE!  Keep MEN out of lady's room!
This sounds personal for you.
Wrong! Bathrooms aren't gender based they're sex based. Gender didn't exist until mid 50s, sex separated bathrooms did.
@washingtonpost Thank you! This constituent agrees 100% #TransRightsAreHumanRights
correct, every transgender is either male or female, so they already have their human rights
all deserve equal rights but humans have always defined sex by the physical. Unless changed, states should have precedence
@washingtonpost Well, I knew he was lying again. Or would it be "still"?
I don't support trump in anyway but guidelines won't protect transgenders from bigotry that's just stupid to say
G'nm't need not micromanage populace,ppl can be good w/o u believe it or/not We eject local officials to govern local affairs
POTUS passed this backed to the states because he didn't want to choose a side. Republicans need to think about this.
Civil rights & states rights are as far from the same as Earth & the Moon.
Children need our help with their identity. Not condemnation that drives them to suicide or worse.
@AronEisenberg trump being elected was the instant major setback for nearly everybody,, even animals and national parks
That is in YOUR OPINION. The rest of us feel we got a new chance at SURVIVAL and LIFE!
this is the hysteria that elected trump. Keep it up #TRUMP2020
@EpicSoleil Do 12 yr old girls have a right not to be subjected to penises in locker rooms & showers? Is it so crazy to ask?
Magical things called stalls & curtains exist in locker rooms lil snowflake
Libs are the snowflakes ignoramus. & people still walk naked to stalls. Little girls deserve more
You're literally whining about something that doesn't affect you.
keep losing dummy
@ElPeidro Civil Rights next?
@BookishBren  Agreed. Its not up to the states to determine what constitutes bigotry at least not since the mid 60s.
last time I check,"bigotry" wasnt illegal. I can even turn stupid, emotion based argument around like this one
Too bad. Good job 45.
why should schools have to adapt to the 0.6% and the other 99.4% have to worry about a man in a girls bathroom or vice versa
this same argument could've been used about colored only bathrooms when blacks were 8% of population  so...
@Kleara how does this in anyway subject someone to bigotry?
wow this is a real senator, it's crazy how stupid people can be especially a senator...
You're a hero.
#NoBigGovernment
at some point you will learn that WE THE PEOPLE want to loosen the death grip The Feds have on issues states should have.
I'm sure your daddy said the same thing while supporting racial  segregation.
OBOY 
@Ameya_Pawar_IL stop being polite. Please. Stop the political jargon. SPEAK for your people. THAT'S your job!
Thanks for standing up for the otherwise disenfranchised.
Don't you mean civil confusion?
I have been to many women's bathroom and never in my life have I seen anyone's genitals. Where do u people go?!
there is no fight for civil rights, there is a fight for right or wrong and as usual, YOU are on the wrong side!
you people are ludicrous. What about the majority of kids who aren't trans?
@washingtonpost so your thinking is give rights to .000085% of students and destroy the rights of the rest..sick thinking
it also marks another notch on his belt of the hard work of others that he destroys. His whole administration does nothing
satisfied that HE is the best. Prince Putin will choose him now that Obama has been destroyed. How does that end again? #sad
So true!
explain transgender. Seems to be a semi recent advancement of our culture. Was it around a couple of generations ago?  Nope.
Dick, just tell them to hold it...

The man who destroyed #Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame Star has been sentenced. Would you have him over for dinner? http://ktla.com/2017/02/21/man-sentenced-to-3-years-probation-in-connection-with-vandalizing-donald-trumps-star-on-hollywood-walk-of-fame/ …
@washingtonpost how much longer must America endure?
what if some schools aren't comfortable with them? The schools have the right to choose
no, they don't.
good god have mercy. You libs are off the damn rocker. Transgender bathroom use is not a damn civil right. My god
I apologize, but I'm afraid it is
yes it does. What can we do in IL??
I have a transgender student in my classroom. She is bullied and harassed MUCH more by fellow female students (her gender ID)
what are you doing to help this child feel safe in the classroom beyond tweeting about it?
@rustyv0ices it definitely should be up to state....ha
why?
that's a disgusting lie.  Why not mandate 50+ bathrooms 4 all gender identities in all public buildings & u pay 4 them?
gender neutral bathrooms exist.
have never seen them, but what about nonbinaries, two-splits, pans, fluids, androgynes, agenders? What about us?
how about we start kicking states out of the Union?
Thank you, Senator Durbin.
good for Trump I hope he gives more power back to states
these children are just that children how can a parent allow that big of decision at that age
By being supportive
What about rights of All others!! You need a Psychiatrist!
can't believe you're a senator. Kids comming out of a Trans gender bathroom will be subjected to more ridicule. Kids R cruel
really? than a boy that's identifies as a girl going into the boys locker room? Kids are cruel. Think about it.
You wish that a "girl" with male anatomy to dress/shower with your child go ahead but majority of US parents are against it
what location allows adults to shower with children?
sad to see folks claiming to be Americans expressing bigotry and hate on this thread. Keep fighting the good fight Senator.
why do people who have opposing opinions always labeled haters?
because it's hateful for no reason
identifies as a female? Don't bs. It's convenient to oppose this ruling as a lib but your not in favor and that's a fact
I am so upset for the LGBTQ community!! That is so wrong.
"Transgender rights" do not exist. They choose to identify as something else, so we let them? To what end?
I see. You're equating a heartfelt conviction that they were born the wrong gender with criminal behavior?
Both are indicative of a very confused, very damaged person.
I hope you have an 8 year old Grand Daughter and have to explain to her what he is doing next to her.
using the bathroom
@washingtonpost huh?  Remember @POTUS44 only signed this vital guideline in 2016- 7 years after he took office. Hogwash!!
Heaven forbid we protect the rights of all the students who aren't confused about their gender #notmysenator
so only the majority deserve rights?
That's ridiculous.
It's President Trump to you. Some people have a problem w/their 14 yr. old daughter sharing a locker room w/a18 yr. old male.
they shouldn't be sharing a locker room in the first place due to one being a minor and the other being 18
There are 18 year old students in highschool. In your world do you want restroom facilities for adults and minors?
Shame on the administration for allowing this!
my ass
Really Dick? You of all people gonna lecture us on Civil Rights? Give me a Fucking Break.
I'm a constituent and I want to thank you for this stance. You're on the right side of history. #TransRightsAreHumanRights
paedophiles have civil rights. So let's just give them what they want. They want to be in the same place as your children.
what does pedophila have to do with this
Thank you, Senator
or follow the sign.   Have a Penis = men's room a vagina = women's.  Not that hard bruh. What about nom transgender people?
ISN'T HE VIOLATING A COURT ORDER?  WHAT HAPPENED TO COURTS INTERPRET LAWS NOT PRESIDENTS?
there's actually no "rights" entitled here. Much less "civil"
Thank you, Senator!
@washingtonpost     So do anorexics need their own bathrooms too?
WHAAT? Another broken campaign promise Donny?
Children should not be allowed to transitioning.
professionals disagree
thank God
@BeltwayPanda I am SHOCKED! That AG Sessions would undermine the civil rights of a vulnerable minority for states' rights.
This constituent agrees. Civil rights are human rights.
I have rights too and I do not agree.
You don't get to deprive others of their rights because you don't agree.
Contact Toi Hutchinson and other Illinois GA senators to make it legal here in IL. Not much but a start.
its called federalism quit using this issue to advance centralized government
