He answered all the questions. You are a dishonest partisan hack
"I don't recall" is not an answer
Tell Lois Lerner and Eric Holder
 It wasn't said in response 90% of the time-and no one even charged with anything.can't u just defend admin without trashing anyone else?
Lerner pled 5th and holder was held in contempt for Pete's sake !
If u want to get in atit for tat about irs transgressions&sex scandals fine-all sides complicit.Trump et al sold us out to Russia.lot worse
Please explain how. With facts. There literally are none
That's what they are investigating now derp.
You are contemptable/unworthy of Sessions. Sessions is a gentleman who has meticulously adhered to law, decorum & protocol. You're shameful.


Thank you, Senator. Now, how about a look at the Senate's health care bill?
Remember, the machinations for it don't include the minority party. :)
Understood. But Dick Durbin and Tammy Duckworth are my senators, so any chance my request has of creating action will rest with them.
Trudat. Possibly ineffective, but the only avenue available, at least for the next 18 months. :\
I expect you to support the president.  Investigate the congressional spy ring.  AWAN Brothers.  Or I will vote you OUT.
Hahaha.  So, totally chill that Russia hacked our election? What a patriot!!!
Why are you not complaining about China hacking? Shill.
President (candidate at the time)
Didn't collude with them to affect our election
But again- just DEFEND TRUMP WITHOUT TRASHING ANYONE ELSE.
Provide proof.  You have had months - nothing, nada, zip.  Move on to your next trashing since you provide nothing of value.
Exactly!!
Careful, you will make him nervous
Yes yes and yes
I agree 100%!!!
Thank you!
It's to bad you didn't feel the same about HRC. You guys could have won the election if you did.
Unlikely. All evidence suggests the election was manipulated, enough even to beat several million votes against the GOP. Honest ...
Wear a muzzle Senator Durbin, your voting record makes you less patriotic than Benedict Arnold!!
How can one fail to recall so much and still be able to effectively perform in a job?
You mean wipe it with a cloth Hildabeast?
and seems uninterested in the fact our country was hacked by the Russians who HE thinks is a shame we can't be better friends with.
Seth Rich was not a Russian but a Bernie supporter working at DNC who seen how DNC screwed Bernie when he leaked the DNC emails to wikileaks
That has been proven to be #FakeNews stop watching Hannity and honor the wishes of the young mans family. #ConspiracyTheoryNut
Has not. Wikileaks and Assange hasn't lied to us ever, our IC chiefs have done so several times over last 16 years.
And pleade do tell, genius. Which one of our intel agencies did forensics on those DNC servers? The answer is none. You are very naive.
You are sick and need help. The whole world isn't one big conspiracy. Get off your propaganda channels and go out in the world and be nice
Sessions is unfortunately many things gentleman would not be one.
A Neanderthal throwback to a racist era we would prefer not be reminded of
Sooooo can the rest of Americans just say "I don't feel like I should tell ya...." whenever they feel like it? I mean THE AG DID!
Apparently being a gov official in the US now carries with it permission 2 b a god. Leave ur  integrity & empathy @ the door, please.
Wow you're generous. Sessions is corrupt & needs to go. If this were the Dems, the GOP would be losing their hypocritical minds right now.
Would've already, as evidenced by the comments of some of the proverbial dittoheads here. -grin-
Thank you Mr. Durbin
Senator Durbin. When are you going to investigate Loretta Lynch collusion with Hilary Clinton. And secret meetings in Bill Clinton airplane.
If he is concerned about the hacks he admitted happened, why has he not met with experts for help, increased security, or done anything?
He's really uncomfortable without his robes and pointy hood.
You confused him with deceased Senator Robert Byrd.
Protecting the USA is his job, regardless of past racial rumors. Which I hope is his past, if at all. Sue, read about Byrd's change of heart
Sessions was never a member of the Klan. FACT,  Tell me the date and what position he held WHEN Byrd had a change of heart?
he's not fit to continue. Please send him back to Alabama.
You mean considering that track record of not actually serving at all?
Thank you.
Keep strong, @SenatorDurbin. It's not just the AG. The whole bunch of them are incompetent.
Thank you Senator Durbin for proving your ignorance and allegiance with those whom want to continue this distraction.
The "distraction" of Russia affecting our election?  What is wrong with you?
To be fair, his comment didn't sound as stupid in the original Russian. 
#HoldSessionsInContempt
Why don't the Dems do what Chafetz did and issue a subpoena on the spot!!!
Because subpoenas are issued by the chairman of the committee. Do you see Burr, et.al., doing that?
Because he has an "(R)" after his name. Different, almost entirely nonexistent laws for them.
I'm his defense, he doesn't "recall" what his duties are. Or his name for that matter.
That ignorant drawl is a perfect complement to his obvious prevarication.
Sit on your thumb & rotate @SenatorDurbin.
Quit lying about facts. Sessions recused himself because he was a party of Trump's campaign unlike you & Democrats he respects & obey laws
Too many huge things. This is NOT normal
Jeff Sessions has integrity something you have NEVER had!! #corrupt #globalistpuppet #SessionsHearing
I'd be amused, if such a kneejerk ideological reaction weren't so inherently dangerous & unAmerican. -chuckle-
Hardly knee jerk, Durbin is corrupt! Could care less about your amusement! #maga
But no one is doing anything about it. Someone has to have some gonads?
Because the only people who *can* do anything about it have no motivation to, & the Dems *can't* do anything.
Your statement makes sense and I agree.  Thank you, Senator.
On two separate occasions.
At the conf hearing, & at the call-back after it was discovered that he actually *had* met w/ Russian contacts & had denied it under oath.
De nada. Apologies for being out of pocket for a few days. Other policy things commanded my attention. :)
Thank you! In fact, his testimony showed little knowledge of the law, DOJ, or his own life in the past few months. He is unfit.
Thought it strange Session's doesn't read the paper. How does he or doesn't he know what's going on in country. Only when doc's about him.
Who the hell reads the paper anymore?
He should. Session's in some kind of a bubble he created by lying under oath today. Session's probably too old to know how to use a computer
Lol... That could be true.  My parents are horrible with technology. Still have flip phones.  I didnt get to see it all.
He isn't serving anyone but himself and his idiot buddy.
All this Russian stuff happened under Obama.  Why aren't Democrats being questioned? #WassermanSchultz/Inram Awan.
Seriously, are you paying any attention? They hacked the dnc back in June...
Trumps klan colluded with them,including the rnc...
It would appear he hasn't bothered to even start serving, so he should resign now. Who will replace him, though, is just as worrisome.

what a shame being put on by democrats, u & your colleagues should be ashamed. When will we investigate Obama, HRC & Rice
It's hard to see anything but bovid excrement with your head so far up your rear opening.
EASY: HAS COMPLETE CONFIDANTES OF TEMP. POTUS .45 & IS DOING JOB EXPECTED OF HIM! EXCEPT .45's "GET OUT OF JAIL FREE" CARD!
Concur.
Best thing I did was move out of your state. Your liberal hatred is obnoxious.
#TrumpRussia #RussiaGate #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpDeathBill #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpcarIsMurder #SessionsHearing #SessionsLied #Resign
@deejay90192 
Yet he continues to do so!
I watched the hearing sir, and you are a LIAR!!!! You are the one who needs to quit your job.
It's disgusting. A president is supposed to protect the country from all enemies. Trump insists Americans are our enemies. Not Russia.
Bilbo Baggins the Bigot! @WifeMom6 @blueslz @BendySarahMarie 
https://twitter.com/MrJamesonNeat/status/874833491799580672/photo/1pic.twitter.com/MX9UoPmWFe 
Dude, recusal is honorable. Your party agreed Comey needed to go. Your argument is invalid
I think if you're asking for Sessions to resign, you should set the example and go first.
Hmmm....I have wondered the same thing about you.  You know accepting money from lobbyists who hired family, and you then helped benefit?
Seems to me Sessions was very Pro-Russian. Let's say NO to Putins antics!!! #AlexeyNavalny
Dickie, it's been "hard to see" a socialist like you trying to be a real Senator for the past 20 years while you were screwing Am citizens
You forgot perjury ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Pretty sure you are a big time dreamer Senator!
Don't stop. Be relentless
Thank you.
Thank you @SenatorDurbin for this pithy summary of why AG Sessions should resign
Words. Empty platitudes. Do something about it or stop issuing meaningless statements
RESIGN @jeffsessions #getthehook
Then how in the world did #LorettaLynch serve when she plead the 5th numerous times? She obstructed justice by asking #Comey #HRC matters.
Yes.
Thank you Senator Durbin!!! #TheResistance
Agree
 and Senator Kamala Harris makes him nervous. His go to line - I can't remember.
Nice, but a little soft. Give @KamalaHarris a shot at the rewrite.
Well said Senator
Shut up
Thank you. Please take a strong stand against what happened today. American democracy is at stake. Articles of Impeachment need to be filed.
The non-privilege privilege defense seems to be the tactic. Not recognizing the division of power and putting party over country is  @GOP
How many times did you meet the russians,  How much bribe money did Hillary give you to help cover up her crimes.
Yet here we are.
It's hard to see how he is serving the interests of this country either. He's an eviscerated supplicant with an agenda from the 60s. Gone!
I don't see how you can continue to serve since your head is always up your butt.
If you think he is unfit to serve, you may be in a shrinking circle
"Continue" to serve? Sounds like he hasn't even started. Get him out (but first how about we #ImpeachTrump?!)
Proud to be a citizen of IL. Keep the pressure on to get Sessions out.
In the future, criminals, or any giving testimony under oath, can simply lie then claim 'the Sessions privilege'  for lying with impunity.
As you let Holder get away with lie after lie. You are a tool ....
Alabama wants him back...he should go.
thank you for tweeting- can the dems please refuse to further participate in the entire bogus Congress?
Trying to figure out how your able to serve? You've done nothing for the State of Illinois. You still have no idea how to fix ACA.
You helped to create ACA so why doesn't your party have an idea how to fix it. Still waiting for an answer!
Now more than ever it is clear that Republican Congress and Senate are stonewalling and we need an #IndependentCommission.
I am a constituent of yours.Why aren't the Dems showing more outrage?? Demand answers from ppl testifying. Go to Court if necessary.GETGOING
I agree! Thank you!!
If Dems manage to regain control over this country...no mercy on all of these GOP traitors, all doubling down behind Trump's kleptocracy.
Be less stupid.
As a resident of IL, I agree. Keep up the great job you are doing for us! I am proud of you & @SenDuckworth
Let's not forget he didn't request a single briefing on Russian campaigns against our elections. He's supposed to be top law enforcement.
Why would we investigate our closest ally?
This admin. is a disaster and Sessions has an obligation to be forthright in his testimony. Americans are done with lies.
If you saw the appearance today it's easy, they were soft on this guy.  He's not stupid but he's no Matlock or Ironside
As I recall, wasn't F&F a Bush-era program? ;)
Now retweet your comment on Lynch pleading the 5th.
A board of directors would fire Sessions for this kind of incompetence. Let's see if the "great businessman" will fire him.@realDonaldTrump
So what are you DOING about it??? talk talk talk is all bullshit.
It’s clear that you are a simple political hack who doesn’t deserve the office he holds. Why do the ppl of #Chicago continue to elect you?
And let's not forget how he "can't/don't recall", "can't/don't remember", "don't know" SHIT!
Get him the fork out of there.
 #Impeach45 #EmolumentsClause #TrumpsTaxes #ObstructionOfJustice #GOPCollusion #Russiaprobe #Espionage & #Treason #SessionsHearing

#Resist
You demand his recusal and then use it as evidence he has to resign? America sees through the manufactured scandals of hyperpartisan libs.
They, the GOP that are complicit, aren't testifying/cooperating in good faith. Normal procedures are not effective under this circumstance.
THANK YOU!
Simple. Eric Holder, Loretta Lynch....
#HushHushJeffSessions
#RussiaGateSessions
Senator, you're assuming he has been "serving" up to now.  What you mean is "keep his job."
#HellboundSessions
He did way better than you would or Loretta lynch  will.
Maybe you should offer to resign. Just saying.
The nations top lawyer doesn't ask for info nor care for it nor does he remember anything. HE IS NOT FIT TO BE AG #FIRESESSIONS
#sessions should resign- appears he doesn't know anything about anything having to do with his #AG job. #dontknow #dontrecall #trumprussia
Because Republicans don't care! They just want what they want and will do whatever to get it!
Sounds very incompetent 2 me n all this "I cannot recall" mayb he needs 2 retire. his brain is failing cuz he can't recall a lot of things
Thank you.
All the yrs that Sessions has served, never has he questioned another Politician's loyalty to his oath of office. He is a gentleman. U R not
There's absolutely nothing there. No Russia, no collusion, no obstruction. Shame on you for wasting American resources for this nonsense.
Not FIT to serve: top legal servant for US - can't legally justify not answering questions #RsOut2018
And?? What next..got anything??
"Continue to serve"?  Sessions hasn't been serving already -- or at least he's been serving somebody other than the American people.
Jajajaja Turban @DickDurbin wanted #comey to be fired as well! Just a bunch of hot air!
U are openly lying about AG Sessions, slander is a sick twisted trait, one that needs to be removed from the people's house.
Dick...Durbin. Sees about right.
As my Senator I applude you 
Have courage 
Our Constitution is worth fighting for
Anyone paying attention to lorreta lynch obstructing Clinton case?
Smoke & mirrors people. Dems make up a narrative and then investigate it as if its true even after being proven false. Meanwhile....
With all due respect Senator why haven't you asked/demanded he resign the way Senator Kamala Harris just did?
Shame on you, AG Sessions, has served America as a honorable Patriot, your slanderous statement is beneath your office of the Senate.
He does not engender confidence in his competence or resiliency for the new position. Sorry, no initiative or leadership potential at all!
We don't care...because you are not looking for truth.  
You LOST move on...you still have the destruction on human life in your favor.
& AG Loretta Lynch was so much more forthcoming...please spare me ur drama queen theatrics,grow a pair & stop the bullsh*t we're bored by it
You're out of cards Race, misogyny, Gay, Russia, gender, you've failed through your seditious behavior to prove even one thing shame on you.
Just sit back and watch.  You'll see.
Will you call for his resignation?
The top lawman in the country has to be trustworthy. He was obviously deceitful during his testimony, invoking policies that don't exist.
If Trump sees/hears any reporting about Sessions testimony hurting him, he will fire Sessions.

@SenatorDurbin - um Dick, your first name suits you well...
You missed alot I guess.....
Right now he is currently qualified to say "welcome to walmart"
#ComeyTestimony was truthful, articulate, passionate, filled with patriotism & heroism. The opposite was, equivocation! #SessionsTestimony.
All I got of his testimony was "I don't remember." Last week's refusals by intelligence officials. WHEN WILL WE GET ANSWERS?
Thank you for stating the obvious!
It's clear that Sessions only serves President Trump and does not serve the American People.
Where was your outrage when Hillary couldn't recall? We had to go to court to get Eric Holder to comply. Nothing to see here.
Who killed Seth Rich?
Hannity & his troop of "useful idiots." :)
And don't forget, not been briefed on an attack by a hostile foreign nation
Seems many agrre-and what about refusing to answer direct questions? Is there not a path for removal?
Not so long as party ideology outweighs objective bipartisan  concern for honesty in govt.
Either this is another example of why drunk tweeting is a bad idea, or Sen Turbin has aced the art of giving partial truths.
He has serious memory issues too!!
you lie
REMINDER
And don't forget that he sure doesn't remember very much. Is he that addle minded? If so, he needs to go.


What he does should not be labeled *serve*, he subsists off the public dole for his purposes, not the public's. Welfare whore.

He can't represent a trash bag with that memory.. Pitiful
Sessions is a shady, shifty, bigot and should never have even been considered for AG.

Please please please let there be an end to this.
Thank you, Sir.
If he has not been briefed, he is not serving as US AG. 
If he has, he committed perjury. 

Recusal is not a state of mind, nor a feeling.
100x this
Thanks Turban Durbin
He sure was nervous! Why was he so admittedly nervous when he supposedly has "nothing to hide"?? I'm not buying any of it.
Only Demwits care what you "think" or say. Derp.
Most of us thought he shouldn't have been confirmed.  Then he wouldn't have *started* to serve. #StillTooRacistToBeAG
