He won't care, nor actually understand, but rooting for you senator!
Hey Al you are an Asian Carp!!
Good luck, he gives 0 fucks about water or the environment.  We know this already.
You wont see any action from Trump unless and until Ivanka gets hit in the face with a carp, then they will call in the Navy.

AL Franken for President 2020
Hey, Senator Franken,,, I love Sens Stabenow and Peters, but can we in MI please adopt you?I'll make you chezcake..from scratch
And I'll throw in a homemade choc cake
Yeah right
I love this thread!  #MNRocks
Pres shit for brains won't get it or do anything about it unless he owns a resort near the lake.
We Need Market Solutions To The Asian Carp Problem Pet Food, Fertilizer Is Not Enough We Need A Game Fish That Eats  AsianCarp Fry...
Asian carp are flooded to control! Want to destroy them is not a matter of time
Just tell them the carp snuck in here illegally, & we should make them pay 4 a wall.
You'd probably get a response from @potus if you asked for help to keep Asian carp out of Russian oil.
Lake Erie, too!
Oh Al, that's so cute that you think he can even handle more than one zweiback at a time.
@InSpiteOfTrump @POTUS @POTUS_Don45 thinks that Asian Carp make chopsticks, you need to do better than look for Trumps help.
And now since you urged him to stop it, he will make sure it spreads even faster
If that's an #EPA thing or something Obama would like, then "the" @realDonaldTrump & the #GOP, happy to destroy the planet, say NO. #IMPEACH
Asian fish taking American jobs. Sad. So sad.
Good luck with that. He'll probably tell you to build a wall or something.
Sir, he doesn't have a clue, or interest, in what you are talking about! This is our lot with this guy right now #Impeach
Would u urge him to stop traveling to FL? Remind him he lives in WDC now and security expenses are adding up.
@DrKatfish thanks SenFranken. #Lake Erie is very  vulnerable also. #Great Lakes keep em great
Come on @realDonaldTrump please help us out.
If you really want him to stop, maybe urge him to put MORE in. He loves doing the opposite of what's right.
I hope you can do it, but u know Reps don't care nothing about nature.. "FRANKEN FOR PRESIDENT 2020"
He likely has stock in Asian carp
@SenFranken he doesn't care he thinks it's just fine to kill cubs during hibernation to which their mothers can't protect them #cowardtrump
Don't hold your breath. He (and his family) are invasive species. They're the Asian Carp of the White House.
This Administration will probably dump more Asian Carp into our Great Lakes
Trump doesn't care enough to do anything about it. Now if he could profit in some way $$$ that would be a different story.
Wait... so you're AGAINST immigration?!? 
I'm sure he has no idea what an Asian carp is. But he will send missiles to warn them! Look out great lakes.. incoming!
#buildawall LOL.
Good luck with that. He is anti environment.
He'll probably try to build a wall.
Are the Asian Carp hurting his bottom line? If not...Lake Superior is out of luck. 45 doesn't give a sh*t about the environment...only $$$$
Rename them Mexican carp, it may force action quicker from this white house.
Good luck with that
I'm sure @potus doesn't care about carp yay or nay. But he'll obstruct in spite just like literally every other HORRIBLE thing he's done
Stop them from everywhere!
Ha!  Like @realDonaldTrump gives a shit about anything having to do with nature.
Time for a New Trump Ban - on Asian Carp.
I don't think @POTUS could be made to understand the Asian carp problem in these the last few months of his presidency, but good luck.
Talk to Ivanka.  Apparently he follows her lead:-/
Trump will want to build a wall to stop the asian fish.
They will build a tunnel to get under it.
A carpal tunnel.
(I'll show myself out.)
With your wrist in a splint, no less!
Build a wall?
Tomahawk strike?
"ICE" fish?
Does he even know where Lake Superior is or the names of our beautiful Great Lakes?
Evidently he thinks he won't need fresh water in the future.
but trump loves to carp!
You are right but we all know Trump doesnt give a carp
You know @realDonaldTrump and his idiot sons will now go fishing for carp in gitchi-gami, right?
Good luck w that. Tell him they are ppl, you may do better
You just gotta rename them the North Korean carp and Trump will send in a Navy strike group
Tell him they're from North Korea
If only the president of the USA cared about the environment, or USA citizens. We can only dream now in this @GOP dictatorship.
Senator there are some really presding problems coming with Gorsuch being on SCOTUS. Hope you are ready!
Only way to get his attention is to have his favorite "news" channel air footage of flying Carp when boat motors spopok fish.
whats asian carp some kind of euphemism? :)
Careful, he may send a carrier strike force or maybe a few missiles or United to take care of your problem.
You might want to tell him that's a fish before he starts bombing Carpathia...
why do we even have an fbi when they ignore threats to national security because they are too obsessed with trying to frame democrats?
