You know he will be confirmed, but you gotta play to your left wing base. Btw..have you denounced violence protests yet?
I keep waiting and waiting but, nope, not a word from either NY senators.
What violence has there been in New York at protests?
Did you not see what went on at NYU the other night?
I honestly hadn't because it was a tiny group of people and literally no one cared in this city.
Couldn't have been too tiny when 11 were arrested. Speaks more to the fact that your news source is biased.
11 is tiny. There are 8 million people living in NYC and around 50,000 go to NYU. Only local  source I can find is @nypost and @PIX11News
Then you'd be surprised how much targeted violence is occurring against Trump supporters across the country.
You're dismissing him out-of-hand before a hearing? NO, can't agree with you or @SenSchumer on this. Don't be obstructionist.
it's a stolen seat. Give 1 good reason what Dems have 2 gain by playing along w/ a stolen nominee.
Because if he's not confirmed you might really hate the one that eventually is. Obstruction doesn't work.
and PS fanatical obstructionism (as opposed to fighting for fairness) sure worked for the Republicans...
PPS: your "fighting for fairness" looks exactly like fanatical obstructionist. Get some perspective.
also do not think your patronizing tone at the end there really helps anything.
Not patronizing at all. It's truly a suggestion. Literally try seeing things from the R perspective.
if it "truly wasn't patronizing" then I would in turn  suggest that you work on tone. Anyway, have a good day.
NO! I do not agree! Trump won so stop the delay. You are my Senator ICYMI! You should vote for the #Gorsuch confirmation!
Obama won and didn't get his pick. Why should Trump? *shrugs*  Gorsuch gets equal respect as Garland.
Keep it up Senator! You are also gaining no votes for your next election. We love it, keep digging!
I agree.  #Resist.  #StopGorsuch
Reject nomination of Judge Gorsuch for SCOTUS - Sign the Petition!
So you want a Liberal deciding vote? Hypocrite. You are politicizing the Supreme Court.
Thanks for your opposition, hope you will do all possible, including the filibuster, to stop the Repubs theft of this seat
sorry. But he is the most qualified.
Neil Gorsuch's mother ran EPA and did the environment so much harm. Warped values and hypocrisy.
"We should not confirm any Bush nominee to the Supreme Court, except in extraordinary circumstances" Chuck. Schumer 2007
Neil Gorsuch, the stolen seat nominee. I wouldn't say his name without saying that.
yawn.
Please confirm Justice Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court.
Funny thing is you can't do anything to stop it !!
anything for you, Kristen! Thanks for doing the hard work right now. We need more like you!
Stand your ground.
Do you think our "so called President" deserves the respect of the Nation when he lacks respect 4 our independent judiciary?
you are an inspiration to #ResistTrump. We can't allow that apprentice of dictator to ruin our Country and ou Democracy.
As one of your   Constituents I do not agree with you
move along, bill.
Yes I must move along, I forget that US Senators are not effected by the ACA
affected
Quit bullying people Resi and get a life....Freaking twitter gangsta
ok Steve
who would you prefer? Oh that's right. You don't get to choose. You lost the election. Elections have consequences.
Gorsuch, Stanford law professor Michael McConnell, said “works well with people across the aisle.
Signed!!
@TheAmyCarlson @SenGillibrand I am confused about all the politics going on.i prefer to watch BlueBloods I understand it better
it kills me he was once UNANIMOUSLY approved but now there's an issue ? Don't you work for us? He's MORE THAN QUALIFIED
@JashwaSeed Well we can and we will Krissy.
Can't be stopped. Fight to see Trump's taxes and stop Steve Bannon from the NSC seat. The SCOTUS appt is a losing battle.
Don't be an obstructionist, please just vote him down. Don't play their game! Keep voting against his terrible nominations!!
can they be brought up on charges now. Since they didn't do their job.?
if the electoral votes were invented to protect us from a Trump getting into the white house. Why wasn't it used ?
with stench of partisan politics -  SCOTUS has become Super Congress of The United States.
the Rare Look is good! It's also known as leading from behind.
@jim_fowlds We cant give you another term in the Senate. Too stupid
please pick your fights carefully.  I am with you
@melissa123090 But we can. We do not need anymore leftist liberals on the SCOTUS.  We need ppl believing in the constitution
Explain please. People want facts.
US Thank you Senator Gillibrand for having a backbone and doing the right thing. You make us proud!
I thought it was your constitutional duty to give him a hearing a vote. What changed?
thank you.  He's taking Garlands seat
I want Gorsuch voted in
I think a more important issue is term limits. Get career politicians out of government.
This fails to mention that he was nominated to fill a stolen seat. @realDonaldTrump should've renominated Garland, a centrist
do not give into nonsensical calls of obstruction. We reject Gorsuch on his record. He is bad for women.
Done!
I support Gorsuch
you are among the biggest frauds in the state. Can't believe we voted for you!! We will VOTE YOU OUT! @OANN @FoxNews #TRUMP
If Trump wants a dignified Nomination Process withdraw Gorsuch and name Garland. Give Garland the chance HE deserved.
Thank you for opposing Neil Gorsuch nomination.  My zip code is 11222.
i have a feeling trump could have chosen an even worse nominee. i'll take him.
I agree!  #resist
EITHER WAYS CAN WORK....DEPENDING ON EXECUTION...
Plus Mayor Bill de dumby of NY says DUIs are not illegal now cause the illegals can drink n drive now and be protected yeh
plus she promotes drinking and driving MY KINDA LADY KNOWS A MANS PLACE LOL LOL HAHA
Ill just drink a beer cause Amy Shumer says its ok and promotes it GO BUD LIGHT
don't you understand people want some normalcy not this crazy crap you n chuck dish out
what safe schools there is none
PS my background photos is Buffalo, not sure if you are familiar with the west end of the state
if you are losing it now, wait until Ginsburg & Kennedy step down in he next 2 years, lib heads will explode! Can't wait
coming from the ONLY democrat that didn't vote for Mattis. Your opinion is flawed
agree but don't think it's worth risking the "nuclear option". May need that down the road if another nomination is needed
Just so we are clear, there is no age when it is ok to think "apartheid, yeah, good times." #saynotogorsuch #StolenSeat
Gorsuch maintains status quo. . With Trump undermining all we need some stability. Stop obstructing unnecessarily.
N. Gorsuch had broad support in 2006. What has changed: him, or Democrats?
yes ... also #Garland
#garlandbeforegorsuch
stand strong against SCOTUS.  Moving to NY (from FL) in Apr looking forward to supporting you!
all you Democrats voted for him the last time.  The party of NO!
this demands a contribution and won't continue w/ 0
I get the politics you need to play but we need hearings and then make a case based on what you learned. A bad look otherwise
Upstate doesn't agree
@dcasapwarren pay no attention to paid Russian troll, Russia still backing Trump
Please remove the mandatory contribution from ALL your petitions. Thank you. Option, ok.
@dcasapwarren no vote no way @SenSchumer @SenateDems #impeachTrump
take politics out of the court
how do you even know what his votes on any decisions will be? If he was nominated by Obama you would be on his bandwagon
I think you've got to put @POTUS choice of Neil Gorsuch as Justice for theSupreme.Court. If looking@Ur next election U will.
Thank you Senator! 
Someone should ask him to name any decision when he came down on the side of working people against big business.
He is a great pick and not as conservative as Scalia. Keep it up and the rules change will bring in two more further right !
you hate America don't you?
#Filibuster
so grateful to be able to know that you will stand for what's right. Thank you Senator
signed!
resist reject vote no
#nohearing #novote ....and #impeachPresidentBannon before more people die
Thanks Sen for your steadfastness in this time of insanity
no, block this judge. One ,he's a neofascist .two, Repub. would not do hearing for moderate judge Garland. Paybacks a bitch
Impeach trump for incompetence, mental illness, lawlessness, conflict of interest, foreign ties.He's a real threat to America
Why?? Because he will follow the Constitution?
I would assume this means a term-long block of any nominations, assuming no one offered would possibly be qualified. In Favor
with you
thank you for being the only Dem Senator 2 realize that playing nice on one vote gets you abs nothing in return for the next.
yes but your 52 colleagues who continue to vote for unqualified cabinet noms will surely vote for him
Agree!!!  His track record speaks for itself.
keep on fighting for the majority!  #resist #RESISTANCE
how about we investigate the Russian ties to Trump?
Get ready for 2020!  Where can I send my check.
No vote until Trump is legitimized! There must be an independent panel clearing him of any collusion with Russia b4 u vote!
oh good grief...take off the tinfoil hat.
There are 3 Congressional investigations into this & you still call it a conspiracy theory. 

The denial is strong with you
Land doesn't vote, and Trump won because of Russia.  

You can rape democracy, but it's inadvisable
NO Gorsuch. If McConnell gets rid of filibuster (some like Murkowski are against that) he'll do it anytime he wants anyway.
Stand strong. It's NO!
thank you for being there for us.
