please remind your colleagues. And also, they'll be out of a job next election.
Arrogance cost me what?
@Watchdogsniffer Thank you for your courage in standing up to this dangerous administration. #resist #NoDeVos #NoBannon
I do not want DeVos and her brand of thinking anywhere near our children. We must protect public education.
Start by booting common core
How about  a new motto: "DO it yourself. Don't be a leech."
elections have consequences.  People stood up and demanded action...against you!
Ha. No. She won 72.2% of the vote in last election. Also, Hillary Clinton won the popular vote. #facts
True. Also true: Most people in US voted against Trump; EC system elected him; he has office but no mandate. #minoritypres
dem leadership needs to coalesce and fight
, true, please don't stand up in the street, blocking traffics, it only make your party lose again in 2018!
Makes them look like Children who don't get their way!
spoiled children, never have a taste of closing.
I'm sure Trump and all the Rep who took over Dem seats will just resign because of pussy outfits and SJW celeb outage at lose
The American people voiced their opinion at the polls this election. The world heard us loud and clear.
@EJLandwehr @POTUS @StephenBannon @SenateGOP @POTUS44  OH, YES WE WILL! OH, YES WE CAN!! NEVER GIVE UP, NEVER SURRENDER!!
I wonder how many Senators are on a Certain Billionaires payroll? With the Protesters right behind them?? Hmmm
please stand up against the craziness at the WH!!!
Are you going to set a few fires, throw around some trash, and beat up a Trump supporter as your ind is prone?
well said
Many are demanding a specific action - impeachment. #ImpeachTrump
Gun control: Background checks; ban military weapons for civies; do licensing, registration, title transfers same as cars.
Seriously ? How many Senators are in Billionaires pockets! Iam calling  out an investigation , IRS get em
you haven't done a damn thing since you've been in the Senate why now
Check her bank records ? Who's payroll is she on?
We're standing and demanding. What now?
what action? Street violence. Why dont u work with new prez new ideas. Travel ban makes us safer!!!
yes
Will you be standing up to ask Congress for the House Cttee on Judiciary to investigate grounds for impeaching Donald Trump?
@RayRLibrandi 
@SonyaSamuels @TheDemocrats DONT HOLLER STAND UP NOW WHEN YOU DIDNT STAND UP FOR THE PEOPLE!!!
@SonyaSamuels Why didn't you stand up with @MaxineWaters ?
ummmm....americans did come together on election day!!
Why aren't you speaking out regarding the Leftist para military style attack at NYU? Don't U support free speech?
need Dem senators to stand 100% together on EVERY issue to oppose Trmp dismantling our democratic institutions everywhere
how can NYers can be most effective when we are fortunate not to have to tell you how to vote? Who needs to hear from us?
We have your back Senator. Please continue leading w confidence! #resist #TheResistance @Truthresistopp
"all that needs to happen for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing."  Gillibrand 2020
Many voices were heard on Nov 8. We are standing up and demanding action for OUR rights that have been ignored for too long
we are SO GRATEFUL to YOU for being the ONLY senator who is really standing up to trump and voting NAY on nominees. THANXXX!
*what if* US boycotted something like the super bowl. Imagine the message to corporations, who then pressure # bannonsbitches
we, the people, would would send an even louder, economic message that would empower this movement and scare the hill & house
Thank you for standing up for what's right and representing so well NY. @TheDemocrats need a leader like yourself.
we are with you!
thank you for your great work!  rooting for you in D C
Thanks Senator, take action on what?
Thank you. Keep fighting
impeachment, 25th amendment, stop him!  Thank you for all you're doing.
I believe that God is trying 2 tell us something. Open yr hearts & listen. It's time 2 take a stand 4 good.
vote Gillibrand out save New York and our country
@France4Hillary
@IranNewsNow it is not constructive at all ... he is not helping , he is only making everything worse ...
You're a rockstar. Wish the rest of the Dems and sane GOP would take a page from your book. #FightLikeAGirl #resist
Thank you for being a voice for us in Upstate NY!
"Action", as in the opposite of what you took during the last administration's repeated executive overreach?
thank you for your strength, inspiration and service.
what is the  strategy for the latest EO against #DoddFrankAct #fiduciaryrule
if u wish to get under "his" skin - question is manhood on Senate floor, then watch him "dance" with his tweets.
thank you thank you
We are voting dems out in 2018
you are the only person in the Senate with guts. I love all the women standing up to the bully #nastywomen
thank you! Please demand Russia story not get buried. Impeach. Get rid of Bannon. Terrorists in WH
Our freedoms are disappearing before our eyes!!
Money Has Become Too Powerful Bringing Chaos In Others Quest For More And More No Matter The 300% Profits Or Strong Arming It
honestly it seems like no one listens.  How can the guys take us into the abyss with most of the house/senate staying quiet
We are calling, we are protesting, we are donating. In what other ways can we be of help, Senator?
so stand up and tell us what we can do besides email,call, twitter you guys
Such a hard worker. Thank you for your service and keep up the great work
Thank you for your integrity and courage. It is noticed and inspiring.
I have asked this Congress to do something about Student Loan Interest and you all ignore me.
Kirsten, You are dealing with NAZIs!! Don't ever forget who you are dealing with! They are evil scum! Never stop saying "NO"!
YES! You are inspiring.
Agree. you're the best, @SenGillibrand but please don't waste political capital blocking Gorsuch.  We need a long view strategy.
long live the resistance!
can you suggest ways we can best fight against DT's Supreme Court pick?
you make us proud!! keep representing us well - blocking and saying NO to ALL things related to this wacko admin! IMPEACH NOW
#revote
do something worth wild.  Get on board Trump train and you will
legitimate political dissension/debate is fine. However, paid violent protestors damage our nation and hurt us all.
@CoryBooker how do we help that infant get in sooner than 90 days and save her life?
Please stand up to Corporate Interest also
I only feel safe at all because I live in NY. I wish my country were safe. I don't understand how we are here.
Absolutely! It is up to each of us to stay strong, not give up, and not let the dark forces of DT ruin our nation. Speak out!
I for one haven't seen you interviewed, oped piece or even a sign of life. Act like our liberty is in jeopardy! It is
I like Kirsten (she's my Senator) but that tweet is a bit unfocused   -- how about #NoDAPL ?
lead the way and we will follow.
You're right.! Stand-up &do your job by confirming @potus choices for cabinet!Stop obstructing-Work 4 the ppl.Times R changin
Amazing how @SenGillibrand & her #DEMocRAT cronies thinks it's ok to parade around in giant vagina costumes spewing obscenities! @FoxNews
thank you for standing up, I volunteered for your 1st campaign in Renns. & admire your strength and work. Donated today!

Yahoo Senator! Impressed with your work for the people!
Thank you for standing up for what's right, Senator!
yes please ask Congress to investigate Yemen massacre where one service member died
you rock!! Thank you for being a voice of reason against all the bile coming out of the White House
you're blowing your opportunity to help rebuild the Democratic Party in favor of being an obstructionist you will fail
Thank you Sen. Gillibrand!   We cannot and must not be silent!
I couldn't agree more.
@Vangsness We have. That's why every branch is Republican.
yes!!!! Thank you!!!!
I can't afford you, all monies go to cost of barely living.
thank you! Proud that you're my senator & senator for the people
.@SenGillibrand I want to run for political office.  Where shall I begin?  I'm an artist, activist, stage 4 cancer thriver & miracle worker.
your community-city council.
on it. Count me in.
please keep standing up to Trump!
thank you for standing you! you are an inspiration
Hope you're thinking ahead 2020
Thank you for having the conviction and courage to speak for us.
Thanks. RUSS. Investig. / Bannon! Answers PLZ. PPL displaced by BAN= MUST FIX! USA =FREEDOM !!
You're great but some congressmen complain about the amount of feedback from the people they supposedly serve.
.@SenGillibrand Thanks for your leadership & NO vote on #BetsyDeVos ! #resist #persist My disabled nephew deserves better!
the election was stolen and invalid. Demand #ReVote paper ballots. The MAJORITY want this and will back u
I agree, and participating in these Twitter discussions is one good way of doing this.#ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
U r absolutely right, we all have a voice. That's why thousands of ur Delphi constituents are suing Feds. while u stay silent
So whyis it different than millions of American's asking for the repeal of ACA. Govn't hasn't listened to anything last 8 yrs
Thank you for doing your part.
QUEEN
thanks for showing up that you are care of our kids millions of thanks!!!!!
I demand that you support @POTUS and help #MAGA
It us time #impeachTrumpnow for #Emoluments in violation of #EmolumentsClause starts with @RepGoodlatte @HouseJudiciary
God Bless you for standing up for our Great Nation by Opposing all Cabinet Members......my prayers are with you.
keep up the good work. Donated to you last night.
no betsy DuVos and no to SCOTUS
Thank you for standing tall and voting against every single one of the illegitimate president's nominees.
Keep up the good work
THANK YOU for being a stalwart voice of opposition, voting no five times to Trump's cabinet confirmations.
but if we all demand like children with no common goal how is that a help?  what IS the goal?
@Vangsness Senator, how can GOP want some1 in charge of education who stole someone else's words? Teaching kids ok 2 cheat?
Betsy DeVos is a hero and deserves your support
Actually @SenGillibrand as one of your constituents, @BetsyDeVos is not QUALIFIED, at all.
No more cabinet apps, no SCOTUS.
thank you for the response to my call, I didn't expect that but I appreciate knowing I was listened too.
Thank you for putting the onus to on us to do more and be more! This is what great leadership looks like.
keep fighting and be loud! The American people are watching closely. We will remember who fought hard come 2018
we demand to know the truth about Russia and to remove Bannon from NSC
@Vangsness I demand that our President Trump continues to stand up and take action!
Look out your window your base is fired up and is in it with you do not let it get away, or your base will be gone come 2018
So when are the impeachment hearings?
Thank you for your voting record. Wishing you a very successful term!
Thank you Senator!  Please keep standing up to the Trump Agenda!  Looking forward to seeing you run for president in 2020!
Alas, Kirsten.

I fear it will all be too little, too late.
NY is grateful for your courage and stands with you!
What action do we demand? What will anyone do? Happy to put everything into it if there is something to put into.
Senator please do all you can to ensure DeVos and Sessions are not confirmed
Preach!!
.@SenGillibrand thank you for standing up for us.
thank you Albany Girl! 2020!!!
We are standing, marching,picketing, speaking, fighting and #GOP stealing our democracy anyway. This is not ok. #Federalist10
Yes, you should stand up and denounce violent riots.
Senator, we also need a leader in WDC. We're demonstrating and making phone calls. Time for Congressional Dems to LEAD.
Is it OK not to pay federal taxes since he does not pay any?
keep fighting for us and we will fight along side you! Thank you @SenGillibrand
Thank you for having our backs.
Thank you for your continued fight, Senator Gillibrand. I appreciated what you said about DeVos today, no matter what.
Why isn't Jeff Sessions recusing himself in accordance with Senate tradition? Observing senate norms/traditions would help.
Face it, GOP is tossing rules & norms out.
Baby & bath water are g o n e gone. 
It's unpresidented. 
