Merry Christmas 
Hey daddy
Hola mami
What’s spinning on your iPod right now?!
Everything Ziggy and Sterling Infinity lol 
I love Bowie and I’m your new number one groupie 
Thank you baby. I don’t consider you a groupie. Let’s say family. We came from the same source #InfiniteOnes like what Bowie would share about with Ziggy
Wow so are we aliens?
I like that from Lil Wayne WEEZY
I got a dope track you all should listen to
Legend
Wam g was January 2018
Plus, we need this birdman shit to end. We need that  wayne music more. We all dying for your shitttt bc we know  its golllld

Best mixtape 2K17 #D6

Right on

D6  best one
If you’re looking to buy high  quality medical marijuana then look no further. +1 (562) 269 5784.  Or mlaw9017@gmail.com
You are a goat. Goddamn i love you. Im checkin every10 mins for this reloaded. Cant wait. Keep  droppin gold brotha
Big Swole K n k vs Wayne!
Money is not the root of all evil. 

In popular culture, a great amount of focus is placed on the Illuminati’s belief that money is not evil. Some view our encouragement of work and wealth as a promotion of selfishness – overlooking the true meaning of the Pyramid
Ayo Wayne!! I say thanks from Costa Rica !! Happy new year!!
Tunechi is back

Yesss
How many RTs for you to quit Lean for two months??
Love you BRUH 4EVA LIL VITO I'M 11 HIP HOP SKATEBOARDING BECAUSE YOU DO IT NOW EVERYTHING IS SKATEBOARDING MY FREEDOM MY MOM GETS HER INCOME TAX CHECK SHE'S GONNA PAY SOMEONE TO BUILD ME MY OWN RAMP IN THR BACKYARD
I love you so much...
Summer2018 Balling Status No BS
we in did shit and luv the album D6 its lit
Tuuuunnneeeccchiii
Happy New Year's
Merry Christmas dad! D6 fire


The D6 is real

Thank you.. Great Job.. 

Big Swole K n K holdn Wayne!
D6 was crazy
Bout 2 take turns holdn u cuz
same to you lil wyane
Cater6 .......waiting please come out soon the world greatest rapper alive #favorite song misunderstood
Love you Weezy <3

You too handsome
Much appreciation
You too bro. Merry Christmas 
When are u coming back.  I miss that smooth voice.
Yah dude....that's my home
Thank you weezy! Rap needs your
Need the fireman 2
Thanks for retweeting
100’s of people said that after watching this music video, they have engaged with a homeless person or got them a bite to eat.
I can’t eradicate homelessness but if through this we encourage a little humanity, that’s something
http://youtu.be/hGJVBjoc9GQ 
I like
d6 was awesome i love you
Boyz 2 menace 
@LilTunechi
Zero replay value
Thank you
Thank you for D6 it's lit like a Christmas tree 
Giihhhh

Merci beaucoup pareillement
Sign a real African  ⍰ like me
Forever the GOAT

Same to you bro
Word!
Made a decent album bro
Ma Hero I'm f**kin waiting to hear from ya next yrs
Merry Christmas to you Tunechi Boss
@LilTunechi  your og and one of my favorite  rappers but I'm not getting d6 unless @MONTANAof300  in it bro
D6!!!! That's the wayne I like to see!

I love you Tune
You are dope 
Mr Tune just follow me Instagram please........Tune8647
Holla atcha girl  hehe
Yoooooooo. My man. D6 is some of the most amazing work you have put out here for us true fans.. we miss this style so much more then you know and needed this for other shitty raper's to understand!! You the man
Remember when Amy Weinstein’s died
Love you Wayne
https://youtu.be/MSppLTnyAPM 
We love you wayne
Come visit Kenya...we love you
Kenya
Where do I send these ends??? #Dedication6 FUUKKKKKKKK
#DEDICATION6 
Nuthin but LUV weezy
Drop that Dedication 6 on Apple Musicc
You da best weezy. Appreciate all the hard work over the years!
That's what's up
D6 is 
Aye Wayne you out did ya self slime smh  st8 fire
Merry fckn christmas and Happy Holidays #weezy . What's ur #NewYearsResolution
Brasil!
Hey sup man!
Dope

D6 fire youre always gonna be the G.O.A.T! https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=353663455103203&id=100013786531544 …
Best wezzy Forever
It’s WEEZY.
Not “wezzy”..  you jack off.
Wish you the same weezy
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=400915743655078&id=100012099673006 …
Thank you  for D6
We wish u same Big Wayne!
Much love brother 
I love you wayne
Straight fire
Sho bro Mary Xmas
Happy Holidays Famz!!! Know your album gonna be 2018. #Wordz
We /ove you
SAN ANTONIO RAPPER C-STUD VILL IS LOOKING FOR A SMALL INDIE /DISTRIBUTION DEAL
Got it late.. Man ww got u.. One love wizzy... Am always ready
Omg!!! New Orleans is hype for #Dedication6!!!! Thank you sooooooo much for the love!!! We bumping it down here everywhere you turn!!!!!
You too man
It sounds like you’re back!!! Now make that carter 6 better than One and two @LilTunechi

So far I like #XotourLife shit banged real quick  #Dedication6 #D6
Yh lil we also in your back thanks for remember us lov once

ゆゅやゆや
THIRSTY FOR LIKE ON IG  https://www.instagram.com/p/BVIvb3tlPKA/ 
All artist send clean or dirty music to Hustlerzloungeradio
Email it to hustlerzloungeradio@gmail.com  
Include your name and song title !!!!!!!

When’s part 2 dropping?
Thanks Wayne , merry Christmas too you and a happy new year .. Been listening to you since 14 you get better and better every year. Keep up the good work and happy new year
We are pleased to have you Uganda loves you Lil Wayne
You just spazzing out on that #D6 #MyFavArtist Forever Real rap #SickShit
Good job Wayne, I’ve always been a fan of yours and your one of the most influential artists, you’re pretty much the reason I started making music and if you see this can you at least listen? https://soundcloud.com/ohnnydswaggin/sets/the-chronicles-of-johnny-d …
We love you too man

Hi
Legend since Hot Boyz!
Siikup
He said .. lied about the price to a spender...  she asked for advice so I pimped her ....  church.... ... turn a chicken head to a chicken tender .... n my boy lied about his on his on tinder... asked me for advice n I ig'd her.. wasn't me was the sizurrrrrp
Is this on Apple Music? 
My neeeegA..... I'm 30 n been smaking your music for half my life... good looks broseph... heard d6 like 6 times back to back last night.. glad u back to dropping mixtapes.. this shyt such . If part didn't come out for months I'd b good.. but we'll take it wen u ready dogs

Would you mind helping a brother by supporting casting your vote so I can perform for Atlantic Records
http://c2c.fm/Pb67Mm 
My birthday is on Thursday and my wish is to come see you and @Migos in stl on Friday 
Haha tune year

See ya soon  !!

Appreciate u tune this shit was Dying til D6 brought BARS Blackin Out #GOAT @LilWayneHQ
Anytime homey

bumping it up 
Tap in check out My New Joint "Bang Bang ft Rich Homie" please like and share if that's not too much too ask
#Ross #SnS
Merci


I love you. Thank you.

Hjj
Wayne just said "Happy Tune year"?? is that a sign that D6 part 2 is coming out next Monday.. Jan 1st New Year
Waynes Home 
Thanks and you too 

Merrychristmas n a happy tune year
hot
Same to you my Darling
me too lil wayne
Tunechi Thank-you for a dope ass  Christmas  present  
love me bc i love you
D6 is so fire thank u

u killed it I'm looking for a feature for my upcoming mixtape
A Very 2k Christmas
https://youtu.be/eCwr05GebyE 
Watch, Subscribe, & Share
Thank you weezy best rapper alive!!!!!!
