teamweezy like ur in last place im in last place team we Z first in last out

 @blessing_qondi & Santa 

  Come Closer 

…
tonight is my friend birthday her name is natalia its her golden birthday please sing her happy birthday for me wish i could be there
hey on your show in jan 26, 18 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. shes a great http://person.it  would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks
Wish I could be there. When you sing it to her
Fuck yeah!
https://www.facebook.com/fallbabyMontana/ …
don't nobody forget this shit
Wish i could be there! Have fun everyone! #MFC #MYFREECAMS @MyFreeCams
Lil Wayne is going to rock that shit
U give me hope on my music
That was up
hey on your show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. t would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
hey on your show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. t would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
AVN can afford him?
hey on your show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. t would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
NEW LIL WAYNE SONG
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3URrMT5y6M … ..
Seriously? This guy?
NEW LIL WAYNE SONG

hey on your show in jan 26, 18 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. shes a great person.it would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
hey on your show in jan 26, 18 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. shes a great person.it would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
Wayne To Keyshia Cole
hey on your show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. t would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
@teamweezy cant wait for carter v
Subscribe to my YouTube channel @Diddy @Diddy
Money is not the root of all evil. 

In popular culture, a great amount of focus is placed on the Illuminati’s belief that money is not evil. Some view our encouragement of work and wealth as a promotion of selfishness – overlooking the true meaning of the Pyramid
Right! That place gonna be Lit! 
Check out my NEW hook&beat http://soundogram.com//index.php?a=track&id=1999 …
He likes them long hair thick red bones 
hey on your show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. t would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
@AVNMediaNetwork @TeamWeezy @LilTunechi
hey on your show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. t would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
@AVNMediaNetwork @LilTunechi @TeamWeezy
single  I GOTTA BE BY TDR
@AVNMediaNetwork @LilTunechi @TeamWeezy
hey on your show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. t would be great if you can do this for me.say its from devo thanks wish i was there
My favorite Artist and he is a packer fan  I cant wait to see him!
We know he's not going home alone 
OH SHIT MAN  !! 

 https://youtu.be/OToYJqC_2_U 

Et watch me watch me thuglife of France remember me
hey on ur show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.  she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. it would be great if u can do this for me. say its from devo thanks wish i was going
@LilTunechi check DMs please
Weezy baby 
hey on ur show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.  she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she's a great person. it would be great if u can do this for me. say its from devo thanks wish i was going

GOAT
You have a teenage daughter this is not the 1990s hardcore rap so disappointed
Lil Wayne are you a man or what how does scraper is that song with Rick Ross Gucci Mane and French Montana wow disappointed
wish i could be there
hey on your show in jan 26 2018 is my friends birthday.  she will be there she a model it would make her day if you sing her happy birthday her name is natalia rae she on mfc. she is a great person. it would be great if you can do this for me. say its from devo thanks
Go ahead weezy you are the best king
Montana  of 300 says he want to do a freestyle  with you on that gummo beat for D6
Wayne tu es  ou je veux que on va se rencontre

Entry from @mr_mohrepgh 
#thisxmasitsbigoo 
#Entry 
#Win3000GHC…

@SarahBanksXxx @HoneyGoldLovexx @hollyhendrix_ @jadastevens420 @shanexxxdiesel @1JovanJordanXXX @fred_nice @manuelferrara super gangbang 2018 fan wish list
Love Lil Wayne. He can suck my thang...u know, in the middle...I call Miss Clittle. Twittle me dumb, twittle me numb, twittle me til I have no more cummm. Only if U had  eyes. I'd hunt U...my prize. Gotta see those green eyes between my thighs. Finally say our goodbyes.
Oooooh...Hello
Yasss
wow

Download now  https://soundcloud.com/bran-na-na/steelwil-gang-prod-by-brannana-ruff … 
@Johnny17Santos @brianabanksxxxx @JillKassidyy  @BellaTwins  something was getting ready for this
@LilTunechi
Another premiere performance for this sexi man. Hope he sees lots of titties!!  @LilTunechi
Nah I agree Lil Wayne thats Sick 
Congratulations my luv u so deserve it . Happy New Year to you and much luv as always
Need reloaded

Ain’t No Humble  in the Jungle  
Well, this would be a hell of a concert to shoot photos at 
Hi
So cool lol waye  is going  to rock that shit
@JackieWalkerQOS
Hmmm lil Wayne, Anyways
NYC
Liltunechi
Y’all doing it big in 2018!!!
1150th likes
Young Mulla Baby
YOUNG MULA BABY 

One person you definitely wouldn't want to see in a porn and whos music is the perfect cure for a raging boner!
I can't wait two see lil Wayne at the 2018 avn awards with a lot of sexy black female pornstar
Aye 
im crying
Wayne gonna be there?! Damn..... now I want to go to Vegas
Dm me to find out how to be apart of avn
Ill be there, my first year to come. I cant wait to do shoots and meet new people industry. Im so excited
Super Dope.
damnnnnnn @NoahBensi are you really going too? cause I need to know who's really going!!!

Looks like a time for sure! I hope that all is well & #HappyHolidays #HappyHolidays2017 #livingthedream #livingitup 
 what a waste of money he’s terrible
#YAY #WAYNE!!' 
Nice
Yessss lil wayne
I don't like that dude's music.
Whatever
Hater kick rock's
Yeah I am a hater and you don’t know why...and I don’t need to explain so 
Stop hating homie
he just looks so nasty and I cant stand his voice
so cool
Tunechi be Finessin he's a LEGEND!!!  What up my luv?
Wish I could go
YES!!!
Nice...
My 2 favorite things! Weezy and porn! What a perfect combination. So excited
lol porn awards??
God no!!
Nice
Bruh! @hvnlyharmony
Called that shit!
The one year I'm not coming 
@avnawards @TeamWeezy @LilTunechi sex
No 
The worst pick ever. I am so sad
He is a tool....smh
Omg lit
I'm so sad my flight leaves before this..... fml....
Damn.  Was hoping for @JODYHiGHROLLER 
He bouta have that place lit.
Let’s go!!!!
@AVNMediaNetwork @LilTunechi @avnawards are gonna be LIT  hope he performs Admit It 
fucking cool
Omg yasssssd
OvO shit weezy bring out Drake we need that young money collab
Gucci gang
This will be fun
Well he is the so called best rapper alive. And he gets the Honey's
What time will this performance be?! @MyFreeCams
He will open the show and then during intermission
Thank you!! What time is opening?! I was supposed to leave Saturday night but now I think I’ll be switching my flight hahaha
I do not think a full timeline has been set
Young moolah baby
#YmOvO 
Fantastic Let’s Party 
 #youngmoney
@DawnWillow_ lol good thing you not going look who they got as performer for avn this year
Say what?????????
Ew!!
Ew at what your face
Sooo dope!!!
Damn that’s definitely gonna be dope as hell!
Fuck yes im so fucking excited
Yeah I agree. Iam excited too. You will be in the hall of fame down the road. Love your work so much.
yassss
HAHHA!!! NO SHIT!!!! THAT'S AWESOME!!!
Ahahahha that's fucken dope
Fuck yes!!!!
I will fuck his souls out! 
*looks for Lil Wayne Halloween costume*
Keep this same energy when we meet. I want you soul snatch me!lol
Better get some crayons for him.
He looks like he needs a bath!
I was hoping for Bruno Mars 
@katarinabates I need to go to this! Start ya Mom a go fund me for lil Wayne & the porn awards 
Ewww
Thank you!!! He’s disgusting!!
No rock bands?
I was heart broken I not going to the @avn then he's the entertainment for the night, I'm glad there's next year.
Out of all people why??? Their is so many other talent artist than him. I have to watch him?
@LilTunechi salute!!
