It can’t be that good if it isn’t on iTunes smh 
none of his Mixtapes are on Itunes he does that so everyone can listen for the free 
Why not do both
Birdman gets $$ if it’s on Apple Music....
Oh true ! Didn’t know that, makes sense then 
Yea boy You learn something new everyday...
Wayne it's been a minute how u doing
#lolFox
High spirit

We just getting started 
Young money is fresh money
My Dawg 
My favorite hottest songs off D6 Family Feud Bank Account DNA Yeezy Sneakers SuWu also Iove Gotta Lotta Glory Fed Up remix Magnolia Bill Gates Im Goin In No Quitter Go Getter Magic Think Im Lying What You Saying and Post Bail Ballin
Wish You Would Im On One Oh Lets Do It Break Up Right Above It Miss Me Pure Colombia The Motto She Will HYFR Hell Yeah Fucking Right Living Right Get Ya Gat Fingers Hurting Levels Live My Life Gun Walk Small Thing To A Giant Same Damn Tune and So Dedicated
Magnolia Bottom Of The Bottle Mrs Officer Lollipop Brown Sugar Off Day Grateful Where Ya At No Lie and Jumpman
Weezy thanks for blessing us true fans with those fire flame spitting verses on dat D6 shown and prove haters wrong your still da best rapper alive just a thought thanks for all your hard work been holding you down since day one dont retire the rap game yet
What is this??? He dropped a new album????
D6 the whole tracks are dope I dnt even skip any
Look it is sooo coooooool
Happy Hollidays ^_^  
Awesome ^_-
Congratulations on tha New Mix D6!:D
hmu if you need a reliable plug its all about creating happiness
Everyday we sick
Yep


Watch "KARATE KIDD - MONEY BAGS EMOJI OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO" on YouTube 
You at dah game ALB DDBSF2026
HAPPY BD MIKE DAMU DAWGSON Holl sleep 22 my dick freedom my sis luwy june 31

Hello Wayne hi are  you. Doing
Wow

greatest rapper alive
go listen to hopsin and get out
and you need to get a good taste in music

Same here
You to lil Wayne l love you  
Yep!
Best rapa
#ThatsSumSickShxt

5star
MARK......
This shit replaced my brain
@sharkkteethsolo @djkingassassin @nine_oh Real money is on Stunningly HOT Director @robinbain .Robins new film "Nowhere Land" is about a 15 yr old girl sold into prostitution. Robin will inspire your followers.
She is on everybody's time line..... This Diector is on Fire! Yep, she Hot !
Same Man
Tunechi is a fucken legend
Hi
Yo!!!! Thank you for everything, you helped MUSIC get off life support and back into the gym. Now look where it is today, Jumpin out the gym. #Legend #JustMadeMyTwitter
I want a collaboration with u lilwayne and birdman
GOAT 
Where i can send my 9,99$.. best Christmas Gift Ever !! 
My best musician
Hello
F
https://m.twitch.tv/frozonemike?desktop-redirect=true …
Yeezy sneakers 
Thanks
I just love him , he is good
awesome man iv been waiting for your come back.and I surly told some nikks out here that you are will be back...
Have a Happy New Year's to you and your family.....May God continue to bless and keep you as we enter into 2018.

It looks cool
Hey
GOAT
Los 10 artista del reggueton  mas rico del mundo verr http://activeation.com/19SK 
Everyday we sick 

Hj
I Mike you stil
All it is is remakes to every song that came out this year. Not a fan of this album/mixtape had to delete
Weezy F baby is back!!! 
Goat
please Share my song it'll be much appreciated family https://youtu.be/zPHXMWMNVZ0 
Weezy Weezy,man rock
http://activeation.com/5vht  get d6 for free this shit is legit bitches
How was d Xmas day
you figure it out

Raven Latesh on sound cloud and YouTube.



Same to you
So awesome !!! Thank you
Wayne at his best!
il faut m'envoyer aux états unis
j'aime
tunchi

goosebumps level. Wayne thank you
Merry   Christmas.
You're no good Lil Wayne to the black community you devil worshiper and everything you do nasty is done in private and you don't wear it on your face you wear it in your subconscious where it's protected devil worshiper Lil Wayne
This shit is so fuckin dope, now anyone who swear @kendricklamar can rap better please shut up  you heard DNA REMIXED. Enough said weezy ain’t ever died, he just don’t got nun to prove. HE THE BEST
Greatest rapper alive%%
D6 is fkn Craaaazy 
You killed this!
Jj
BankAccount remix remind me of the Wayne from 2012
https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCAqSD-T9PTY5QGqbBU-EtcQ …
Merry christmas .mr.
same too u
I even named my son micheal
U are my favorite I have lots of respect for u love that u r a so educated in so many things and just keep going i wish I could meet and chill with you sometime it would be a dream come true sexy!
Still the G.O.A.T long live Wezzy the  forever Young King
He ain't playing nigga! Kapernick

YNCMB
Boss Tunechi
Make sure u check out that DONT GET IT TWISTED
GREATEST RAPPER EVER. IN HISTORY. ALIVE OR DEAD 
I ain't heard it yet but I know that cover go HARD AS FUCK!!!! 
Best
Thanks you lil Wayne
Cool
Weezy the best rapper 
Gottem
Weezy's D6 so Hot
Merry Christmas and happy new year my lil wayne I like you ever!!!!!!
Dis my shyt on damu
Take the peons to Mars
Mixtape GOD @LilTunechi

Merry Christmas
fam you too rich to have this graphic art 
lemme plugg
Merry Christmas my nigga

the yayo doin yoga.... throwin up peace signs like stomach pains..... 
Wow
Hey
Merry Christmas 
Oooooh maa!! God.

@LilTunechi  you did it again!!!
I’m rappin along to this like I was the nigga in the studio #sikshit
Weezy just retire already ain't nobody fwu 
Thanks the same to you
Weezy Baby!!!!!
Happy holidays  tunechi
Sup lil star
Maaaaan this is yo Weezy boy, aint yall puttin it on the Spotify? @LilTunechi 
#D6
Ehhh wasn't impressed
سفاءمغربي
اكادير المعرب
Glad to hear from you..Merry Christmas ..#fanluv
Shoutout to @GotInstrumental for sending the #instrumentals for #d6 Logo was suppose to be on the back cover and tags were removed.
Idk bro
Merry Christmas Mr wayne
THX DADDY 
N.s.n.w
Same to you

I like your music
Hope you had a Merry Christmas Weezy.
Dankie
Tnx nigga

So cut bro
Njc
It's lil wang
I took a L, what comes after L, my nigga M's
Dhopeness... May happy returns
tunechi
The mixtape is the shit an lit the goat strikes once again
C cf on
the carter V

Zxyfxxzcxyxxfxzggzfxxzct
Zxyfxxzcxyxtfzxx
Merry Christmas to you too
Hi lil
Greatest rapper ever
