SO ARE YOU!!!! :)
Ant nothing even today to be compared with lil wayne on the Cater 3 era
Bless up
. .....
RIP, stay away from Kanye West
He’s BLONDE
Stay away from him until he puts his hair back



Should I drop?  
Sad news
Yes he is the legend
Stay up Weezy you a legend too 
#BlackLightning #BlackPanther #BlackMenSmiling  "Ghetto Hymns"  
Yes @LilTunechi as Been A Legend For Ever. He's a Legend that's still living Thank GOD
Regular show?
No Worries Light Years No Days Off Hands Up Sure Thing Main Things Do It Again Moment Gotti Grateful Skate It Off No Mercy Everyday We Sick Original Commas Hustle Hard remix Look At Me Now remix Loyalty Krazy Go Crazy Selsun Blue Big Wings No Lie Jumpman
so who has the best vouchers & souvenirs from hell. I think i do. Theyre on my profile 
R.I.p

Love you young money
Rip
Hi weazy

You're a legend urself man
God Bless
Weezy the legend

Dehasos
I here ya. What's up? As I said earlier if got it we've had a bunch kkk bitchs mockin us over the yrs. why cuz we have epilespy. Do you know that's abuse, verbal, then they play like play I'm gonna f u up. Anytime you like to met up in my town or in my state hit me up.
What up
What u got on
Do you talk dirty
Very sorry dear may his soul rest in peace
Hi
Rip to mr.benson my condolences go out to your family..stay strong and Kno he's in a better place..cezelee
My condolences
"I can't show 'em how I do it, only how I did it"

Lil Tunechi   

  Off the rip
Wassup
RIP bro
@LilTunechi
@luudemusic
Listen to Slap by JoeySinnz Beats #np on #SoundCloud

rip lil wayne
Rip
R. I. P
wasp mn
Rip mr.benson...
RIP Mr. Benson  you a legend
Who is Mr Benson, please?

@LilTunechi Good morning ... And how are you doing this morning ... If you don't mind me asking you ...
You might be a packers fan, but it's NOLA for life
R.I.P
Live Long @LilTunechi  you a legend - we got stop waiting till MF's dead to show respect
#RETWEEET #LiveLongWayneTheLegend

Everyone who looks at this tweet please follow me i will follow back as soon as possible
Rlp the Legend
Is this really Lil Wayne tweet
https://youtu.be/9VoH5AxUNaY 
Lil Wayne you are Legend
R.i.p. <3
U my favorite rapper
Rip
Rip
Stay Up Lil Weezy F Baby
rip
Hi
RIP to the Legend . 
rip
RIP
Im On One Im Good Cashin Out Fly Away Bank Account Gucci Gang Bloody Mary Family Feud Blackin Out Skys Da Limit Best Thing Yet Breaktime I Told Yall Stunt When I See U Ima Be Aight Cannon Step Back Where Da Cash At Ima D Boy
Levels Wish You Would Inkredible remix E.T. She Will Skate It Off You Mad Yet Dark Shades Bitches And Bottles Ejected After That Karate Chop Yuck HYFR Hell Yeah Fucking Right Right Above It Bill Gates Ammo Vizine Moment Gotti Think Im Lying Magnolia
Top Back remix Back On My Grizzy Live From Da 504 Chrome On A Monster Eat U Alive remix All About The Money remix I Can Transform Ya How Many Times Hollywood Divorce Jump Up In The Air Up Up And Away I Got Some Money On Me Two Shots
I have one Song for A Living Legend....Just one...And I would be Humbled if You Heard it
So Dedicated Amen Burn Same Damn Tune Type Of Way UOENO London Roads Street Chainz Diamondz Dancing Living Right Coco Bugatti Hollyweezy Big Wings Jumpman Where Ya At No Lie No Days Off Get Ya Gat Let Em All In New Freezer Big Bad Wolf Gumbo Live Life
Rip
Thanks but I didn’t die
Yea real legend
@LilTunechi

Lil Weezy , tha best rap  Artist in the game in 2018 , 
Yet you've said in the past you hate the Saints and love the Packers. GTFO.
Rip
Rip Mr.Benson and long life for you Lil Tunechi.
You’re

GOD REST HIS SOUL!
That makes 2!
you gotta get with @noreaga and do @Drinkchamps episode slime. it’s where our legends go.
Wayne raised and promoted both YM and Cash Money but people like @Drake aren't doing anything to lift him up just like he did to them
Thank you @LilTunechi you are as well
I love him cuz you love him 
Rip
Has nothing to do with his respect for Tom Benson. Stop getting butthurt over a condolence post on Twitter because this man is a fan of a different team. Shut the fuck up.
legends never die
He didn't own Green Bay or Minnesota though?
Weezy from NO...
No shit.

But he likes every other team and cheered for the Vikings against us.

So that means he can't have respect for Tom Benson solely off of his football opinion? Nice try dick meat.
Of course that would be then only thing you got our of this lmao sad ass dude bruh
Rip
legend @SlimBreesus
yes sir real recognize real
Prayers up
LOVE
Weezy f baby
???
I'm a legend in the making #VIRAL #DETROIT
You a living legend
Sad what happened

D.M.V Playlist of the week. http://speaquernotes.com/2018/03/14/d-m-v-playlist-of-the-week/ …
@Benson_EU ??
Bouta blow up.
My ex had a friend that was like “I finally got to fuck Wayne!”

Still laugh to myself everytime I hear “when i bust I yell eureka!”  #Dedication6 #bankaccountremixdopetoo
long live WEEZY!!!
Yo wayne hit me up man. I need to talk to you.
Whats up with all these celebs passing day by day
Luv u Wayne so thoughtful of u my luv. Wayne plz take care of yourself. Life is so precious . Keep getting better Tune. No time 4 sikk shit. The Rap Game needs u my luv. Still praying that u get better. Add rest 2 your 2 do list bcuz I know that its not on your 2 do list 
Live on mr. Benson . Rid god bless see you on the other side (lil Wayne)
rip
follow my account 
Where's is Nicki at don't try and tweet this where's Nicki at??
whos mr benson
Who is mr.benson
Always a legend
You a legend too Tunechi
#RIPTomBenson
RIP

i love impastatos
My bro always showing love to the last one's... I got so much respect for the hip hop  
@LilTunechi Whoooop 
come back to spittin, weezy f baby!!!
Rapper from the bay are trying to get heard give it a listen 
Saints and pelicans owner dead
Free C5
“I’m expensive, like Tom Benson”
Yeah
Lil Wayne is weasy. But weasy is Wayne
miss your presence in the rap game 
goat
Indeed
Get ready for a roller coaster #WhoDatNation

GOAT 
https://twitter.com/willfelt/status/974378429377265664?s=21 … GOAT
Had to reupload it  Sorry https://soundcloud.com/william-felton/sets/the-mixtape-that-will-never-be … 
RIP
Goat 
Rapper from the bay are trying to get heard give it a listen 
