This makes it about 20 times this week Trump contradicted himself
I just can’t.  Not so soon.
Where they did not slow firearms. Can you believe it, at an NRA rally.  Lol
I will never go to Dallas again. Boycott Dallas!!!
We r loving our @POTUS !!!

@NRA trash
A forum of the most shameful and corrupt group of people in this country. A perfect fit for @POTUS and @VP - two men who are a stain on our country.
I'm not surprised. 
How Jesus would have loved an assault rifle; beating plowshares into swords
A convention full of traitors. Fabulous! #RussianNRA #PutinsPuppet #GOPCorruption
Were the attendees allowed to bring their guns? Asking for a friend
@NBCNews No Thanks
N ational
R ussian 
A gency
Where you aren’t allowed to carry a GUN! What are you afraid of? A nut with a AR15??
Shouldn’t there be some leadership there for a leadership forum?
Trump just endorsed "Lyin' @tedcruz.  Those that lie together...
Trump wasn't talking all this bullshit when he was in front of the victims and their parents of the Stonemam Dougles massacre when they were at the W.H #MarchForOurLives
#MAGA 
The media needs to stop covering this pathological liar wall-to-wall at every rant that he does. It's not good for the country anymore

Al Qaeda to speak at #NRAConvention
I’d rather pour shampoo directly on my eyeballs, than watch this. 
I’d rather slide down a banister of razor blades and land in a pool of alcohol than watch this. 
I’d rather eat sand, than watch this. 
I’d rather my house be repainted Trump orange than watch this.
He'll be swearing his allegence to his benefactors NRA and Russia
No, don't want to outlaw all guns, just AR-15s...but Trump would like for people to think that.
Mr say anything and do anything depending on the audience. Two headed snake.
But no guns allowed! #hypocrisy
The man who can't regularly address his constituents always has a time slot available for the NRA.
Trump is so full of shit that he has an E-Coli infection! #MarchForOurLives
Open for text.
Speaks is actually spelled "LIES" when @realDonaldTrump #shitler is involved. This is insanity.
This @POTUS is very Cocky.  And I Love It 
He spits right in the faces of Everyone at @CNN & @MSNBC 
They are our enemy it’s so very true
Ew- it’s making me love the feed every time i try to make the picture bigger
Turned it off, Fool is on TV again. No time for it.
He's devolving.
He is throwing a ‘Hail Mary’ and at times looks like he is coming unglued
The Hate Monger and Chief in BS heaven during his speech at NRA meeting.
Did I miss the part where he talks about winning the election?
I can’t even watch it. “I’m the best?” “I’m the greatest man alive.” “No collusion.” “I’m the most mentally stable man ever,” and on and on. SSDD
Pure narcissism.
I can't watch, afraid I'll throw my shoe at the screen.
the dumbest man to ever be president

306!!!! He loves the glory days!
Am I the only one that can hear him sniffling? Is he doing Coke again ?what the Hells up with that?
Much better attending NRA than journalists' dinner, eh?
You mean the same event where they have banned guns for safety's sake despite forcing the rest of us to have guns present wherever we go? #NRA #Hypocrisy
Monsters racist Raygun Rallying around Resident Dump.

Lunatics. #HeyNow
If he says fake news one more time he should be dragged of the stage and put in prison. Now he's talking about his bigger better more votes then Hillary routine again he needs better material
Why are you subjecting viewers to propoganda from Trump & NRA?!
I can’t wait for the GIF of this where he swivels and pouts just like @AlecBaldwin on #SNL... #WitchHunt #BlowHard #Demagogue #moreentertainingthantheapprentice
clown performance again.
He’s having a huge bout of diarrhea of the mouth-nothing but lies, as usual.

But has not had a solo presser in a year
Trump tells today's lies at n ra meeting...fixed it for ya
Q.  How can you tell when Trump is lying?

A. His lips are moving.
Apparently Trump thinks he's at a campaign rally. #Trump #NRA #NRAAM2018 #NRAAM
Prefer the truth from him than MSM interpretation. #MAGA #Trump2020
No guns allowed at NRA convention when Trump, Pence speak https://fxn.ws/2HCZYwz  #FoxNews
Funny. Where is the "guns dont kill, people do" rhetoric? So, they aren't complaining their guns were regulated today. Hypocrites.
@realDonaldTrump tells the @NRA that he’s solely responsible for economy + @TheDemocrats want to take their guns, SAD!

#ResistBeingAPawn
He is practicing for when he goes to interview W/the Grand Jury & Mueller
An old fat white man praising himself, talking smack about anything that he thinks will get a few cheap rounds of fake applause.  This is so ridiculous that someone like this can keep saying such mean, hateful things about anyone who speaks the truth.
Biggest, beautiful, like you've never seen, I, me, my, election victory, Hillary, Obama, Democrats and maybe a few more words. There, you have heard Trump's speech.
Ass
does anybody really cares?
I thought he was there to talk about Gun Control?
Let me guess how speech will go. Dems are against responsible gun owner from owning guns. We must vote against them to keep our rights to guns.  Common sense people of USA want to keep reasonable checks and balances with gun purchases to not let proven unstable people get one.
Why are you guys broadcasting this stuff without comment?  It's a waste of time. Seriously report on some international news or something.
The #NRAisTERRORISTORG
#NRAtakeBLOODMoney
#NRAKillsInnocent
nothing but #dogwhistles and #bullshit
And Hillary still has a 98% change on winning the election lol!!
Liberals make me laugh...   hahaa
Leadership forum? Don’t do their PR for them, please.
He loves the attention. He cannot get enough attention. This is a really bad joke that has gone way too far. People seem to love it and him though. Disgusting #trump
#NRAConvention 
The fact checkers must be going out of their mind right now. I can't wait for the fucking Fallout.
Worst speaker in the history of the spoken word.
why are @nbcnews, @msnbc giving this guy free advertising, ignore him and perhaps he'll go away.
I don't have the stomach for this fool

... and hands tiny are too...
Ah yes, I remember the part in the Bible when Jesus & his posse were carrying swords to fight off the Rom... wait.. nope...that didn’t happen
And wouldn’t this be like an entire room full of “good guys with guns”? Hmmmm I wonder if guns are dangerous #yes

He has no credibility. Not listening to anything he has to say. He sits on a throne of lies!
Whenever Trump gives a speech I wonder if lies get stuck in the microphone. There's just so many of them.
Here’s your NRA!
All those good guys must feel naked without a gun.
#BoycottNRA #PutYourNRAglassesOnNow
Who cares? Won't watch that liar speak at a special interest rally. @CNN @MSNBC
Lies at conference. Fixed it
May the fourth be with you and may the fifth bring impeachment
Amen to that!
No thank you. I’ve worked hard all week and don’t deserve the painful reminder this worst human ever is having on the world. I will turn tv and twitter off for next hour.

#PutYourNRAglassesOnNow
He said wasn’t afraid of the NRA. Then he found out Russia has a hold on them so now he’s all about the NRA! Corruption at its best!  #ImpeachTrump
Thank God for a president who makes America first again.
GOPIGS HAVE TO GO
#BOYCOTTTHENRA
#RIPGOP #TrumpRussia
Surprised you don't cover him live when he takes a shit.
I'll bet he will forget about this.
But we won't!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
#RIPGOP #TrumpRussia
Why are you covering this crap?  The minute he starts lying you should ALL cut away!
So ridiculous and embarrassing
And???? No thanks
I cannot watch him.



Why clap for your own  speech?

There’s our government! Bought and paid for by the NRA. 
He's spent some time praising God.  As if he gives a shit.
Crazy. We live in surreal times.
The 2018 Incel and Male Menopause Convention with Trump speaking is off the hook!
Why are we paying for Trump and Pence to be there?
Next on the agenda - they’ll don black robes and their queen of death  Dana Loesch will offer a child sacrifice to trump. With an AR-15 of course. Crowd goes wild
Good. There goes his 2020 bid. 

Look forward to the rallies against him.
Sick!!
A disgusting man addressing a disgusting organization. How fitting.
Queue up Yosemite Sam
You can learn a lot from a dummy buckle up! #MarchForOurLives
Who cares
Absolutely offensive..
Loser convention
National Russia Alliance (NRA)
Is Rafael @SenTedCruz there?
If @realDonaldTrump is speaking, the odds are that he’s lying.

No thank you.
Can you believe this crap?
It was making me sick. Turned it off.
This is disgusting- completely disgusting. Ironic the gun lovers have a gun free zone for themselves.



BYE DT
Bye Demorats!
The NRA bought and paid for a government and they got it.
Yup ..
Poor ole Trump, he’ll never get to be a Real President,  he can’t stop lying . Where’s that Jimney Cricket  when you need him?
Correction. Putin's envoy lies at Putin's club of degenerates.
His base all in one place.
all jaked up and sniffing?
Must be all those hair growth pills. 
Keeping all the lies straight.  Getting to be impossible.
MAGA!!!!!
Let the dick sucking begin
How long until you stop the feed?  This is going to be absolutely pathetic
Interesting that the NRA is holding a big gathering in a city that has, as part of it's history, the shooting of a president.
And no one is allowed to be armed lol
Truly you are an Idiot!

As if rational argument works in any of this.
As if sitting by silently does.
time for him to assume the submissive position, buns up kneeling.
