Why don't you cover Hillary's campaign violations.  You'd be more successful and help put the nasty snake @HillaryClinton in jail.
Continually struck by the level of expertise on Rachel Maddow's show and others and the absolute LACK of expertise in the Trump administration
#NationAtRisk
#VoteGOPOut
When Mueller issues his subpoena to depose @realDonaldTrump, this country will literally come to a standstill in utter shock & anger..the evidence he releases will be undeniable, incredibly well researched & so overwhelming tht even Repubs will be shamed into abandoning Trump
Lol, delusional
Good to know even you address yourself as a delusional Trump supporter! There are meds for your condition!!
Please you know whom it was pointed to please open your eyes to what is going on around you, being lead to the edge of the cliff..lemmings the fall is going to hurt
What you mean open my eyes to the constant lies and deceptions coming from the  that you clearly support blindly! Get a white walking stick or a guide dog, you clearly need some aid to even cross the street!
The lies and deception ended with last administration keep getting your education from the msm
No I get it by watching the pathological liar in action! “I’ll never play golf if I get elected”, “I’ll sign a bipartisan DACA deal”, “drain the swamp”, “I don’t know stormy Daniels” “ I never paid $130k” “fired Comey because he was mean to HC”, etc
It's going to be a long 6.5 yrs for you miss..oops I'm sorry I assumed you're gender...
No PMSNBC he did not!   But Hillary did!

Why hasn't #StormyDaniels been charged with blackmail? 
Anything that @maddow says is against the law, I know is BS...
Democratic Voters Want Fair Elections. Yet, Clinton Camp Exploits [Campaign Financing] Loopholes created by McCutcheon to Sidestep Contribution Limits https://bit.ly/1rWi3cz  Hillary Victory Fund is comprised of Clinton's presidential camp, @DNC and 32 State Party Committees
U do realize Bernie did and had to pay fine and so did Obama in 2008. No story here move on and report news
@MSNBC Great Show
What about "did the FBI violate the constitution when they tapped Michael Cohen's phone calls with the president?"
Just leaving this here...
can you then explain how the media got it wrong when they all reported that Trump's lawyer was wiretapped and then could to find out not, maybe its cause the media is bias and mis-leading
#StormyDaniels   This is THE only news?  #hatersgonnahate
Other legal experts say different.  No laws were broken
How much did you pay this legal expert to be a expert?
every thing you come up with is not true maddow gets paid extra to lie and since the money did not come from the campaign no laws where broken.Hillary used 12 million to fusion gps to go after Trump for her fake dossier not that is a crime
Damn Rachel is expanding to including Stormy Daniels in with her "Russia, Russia, Russia RANT"!
$350,000 fine paid by who?  For what?  Any mention?
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
DROP this silly story,  and lets go work on the north korea deal.
Great 3 videos with the attorneys. Please stop calling it ‘law school,’ though because it gives me heartburn.
Even if he did... $10,000 fine. Oh well. Obama had to pay $375,000 in fines lol.

@nytimes @CNN @FoxNews @MSNBC Wow what a surprise could it be that Maddow or Madcow has lied again
I fell asleep with this show on and dreamt I was in Russia. Horrible news organization.
Barack Obama forced to pay $375,000 for campaign violation.
According to Victoria Toensing intent doesn’t come into it and Trump could have fired Comey for not liking his jawline & change his story as many times as he wants. She called the other attorneys clueless re: the law! She was also well groomed, not all messy for Trump’s liking.
@PMSNBCNews
Who really cares about the Stormy sex?

You have to find some much juicier dirt to make a dent in WE THE PEOPLE'S PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump .
Why don’t you take Abraham Lincoln’s advise then!
Have a great My Lady.
Were campaign funds used?
Wishful thinking.
Ugh. Law school.

Lets get together and make something up ... before we have a nervous breakdown ....... Its coming
#SmallBizSalute
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
Nope. Witch hunt!
Lol, you're a Republican huh
