Trump administration ends protected status for 60,000 Hondurans.
What are they doing 18 years here ? Give them some money and send them to their country. It’s not US fault that their country is broke and poor. Talented foreigners who contribute to social security, Medicare and taxes can’t get an extension easily while these remain 18 years???
Did you know that those Hondurans actually get authorization to work, which means they pay taxes and contribute to society?  There should have been a predetermined amount of time for them to stay, instead of suddenly deciding to kick them out after 20 years of building a life
If they did get EADs then why kick them out? It’s stupid to kick out tax payers especially when those tax payers fund the retirement and Medicare of many Americans. Plus these Hondurans can’t claim any benefits ! Let them work and pay taxes.
Meanwhile, Maryland can’t find crab pickers because they can’t find Americans to fill the positions, and need to import people, which they can’t because @realDonaldTrump limited the Visas that allowed that to happen. So, no crab for you!
We have 64m able bodied Americans on welfare. If Maryland has a labour shortage then they need to implement welfare for work incentives .
Americans don't want to do field labor for minimum wage.  
https://goo.gl/23uwUN 
Alabama immigration: crops rot as workers vanish to ... - The Guardian
Take away welfare or require work for welfare incentives and you would be surprised what kind of work Americans will do. 64m able bodied adults would be better off working. We also have millions of legal immigrants that need jobs.
Find them and get them working.
We have a process, do it legally
Bet you couldn't name the first thing about the process.

You gotta laugh at people who think that immigration process starts with a citizenship application. That’s like saying to get a college degree just submit a degree application.
Where does it start? Just asking.
Start.

Need to get a green card (permanent residence). Not married to an American? Not born in Cuba/former USSR? No Nobel Prize? No Olympic medal? At least a Pulitzer? No? Well, no luck for you, then. 

End.
Ok, let’s try another route. Are you talented worker with at least Bachelor’s degree who got a job at a US company that sponsors workers? Only a few of them left by now, like Google or Apple. No? But if you were you could play a work visa lottery with 30% success chance.
Obviously, work visa is no green card, so to get the green card, your company will have to sponsor you again. It may take up to 10 years, and if you change your job in the meantime (which won’t be easy, who in their right mind will file for you?) you loose most of your progress.
It's about time!! MAGA!
You should be deported to wherever your ancestors are from
So sad to see a country built by immigrants expressing such hatred for them. Always used to look up to the USA, not any more.
It’s not hatred. We follow the LAW.  Ps- I agree we dislike dim witted useful idiot globalists, like you.
If you follow the law you wouldn’t support rump.
If you understood the law, you would know that if they had him, he’d be baking in the sun by now...but they don’t. Sorry but it’s 8 more years of Trump winning for you.
He is going to broil sooner or later. Here or in Hell.
At least in Hell you will have someone to party with! 
Trump is an ass!
And you?
She's honest.
Not really, what's wrong if one tells you to go home? Who's more honest? Home is home no matter what!!
The only reason these people come to America is because Scandinavia is not closer, who in their right mind would consider America for quality of life? We are a future Roman Empire, a complete disgrace/fiasco.
I have, I own property abroad to escape from this overwhelming (toxic) environment every now and then. Don't take your frustrations out on me? Fool.
The next time you escape this ‘toxic’ environment, please feel free to forget your way back, that might help make America great!!
Wasn’t them leaving eventually, part of the plan? That’s why it’s called TEMPORARY.
True, but this people have built a life here over 2 decades, have families, houses, businesses, and are already part of the labor force that has an unemployed rate of 3.9% what difference does it make to let them stay permanently instead of wrecking their lives?
Then they should have applied for citizenship. If they really wanted to be Americans, they would have done that by now....20 years later.
Well, if there was a path to do so, they would have done it.......no option whatsoever
That is total bs. There was and is,  alway a legal way. Just because it takes  actual effort, doesn’t mean it’s not a legitimate option.
No, unless you either find a sponsor for a job that a us citizen can’t do, have us citizen children over 21 years of age or marry a us citizen, to name a few, the TPS itself grants nothing but a work permit
Is that a fact..? That is interesting.
Yes it is, I went trough one of those 3 myself.....
Start to make arrangements to move back to beautiful Honduras. Bye bye. MAGA!!!
Have you purchased your Mayflower ticket yet?
To translate: find a destructive policy initiative, implement it so we can change the scope of the news over the weekend. I don't want sleep eyes @chucktodd to focus solely on the Russer investigation this Sunday.  -Trump
Yes! I think he says, “Rusher.”

She doesn’t weep for people who haven’t bothered to apply to be citizens for over 28 years, sorry pal. That’s just laziness.
"Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame,
With conquering limbs astride from land to land;
Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand
A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame
Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name
MOTHER OF EXILES. From her beacon hand...
It’s just a poem, honey. Try reading the US Constitution.
Fun story... Immigration or refugee rights does not appear in the US Constitution.
However the laws pertaining to legal immigration, emanate from that legal backbone.  Also, the lawlessness influenced by Soros coffers to make the USA border less. Is OVER.
Was that English? Did you have to put on your tinfoil hat before you mentioned Soros, or was it already on?
Yay! Thanks President Trump! 
Stupidest tweet...ever.
2nd. First was this one.
Republican = racism
Samvega = tiny brain
Well Jeff let me know when they are deporting illegal white people
All the time. People over stay their visas and get deported. As in the words of Tom Cruise " don't be so glib ". Can you name a predominantly white country with citizens seeking refugee status in the U.S.? Not race, it's facts.
Russians running over hear having anchor babies and shit. Look at FLOTUS; ANCHOR BABY!
Yeah, look at all the govt assistance she used up. Just milking the system for all it's worth. What a freeloader!
She is absolutely using more government money than some whole communities.
Nah. She is reaping the benefits of her husband WORKING for the govt. Whole communities are just taking, not WORKING.
See the difference? I'm guessing not!
In 2009, the US sponsored a military coup against #Honduras' leftist president Manuel Zelaya. 

In 2017, the US supported Juan Orlando Hernandez, the right-wing incumbent who remained in power after likely election fraud. 

The US is directly responsible for the chaos there.
Thank you. And chaos doesn’t even begin to describe it.

I'm not even black and I'm still fairly upset you appropriated this meme to help spew your xenophobic and hateful ways.
I believe Gary's meme selection has been a Freudian slip, he happens to identify as an African-American woman.
In that case, we're with you Gary! Many blessings on your transition
Hahahahahahahahahhahahaha

Awesome! American children might have a future after all. #MAGA
Well, if they turn out like you...then not likely.
1990s guys, hence the word “Temporary”.
The temporary isn’t in reference to the date. It’s in reference to the protection. Asylum is a temporary status.
Once the asylum seekers are no longer in danger from their original countries, they are sent back.
Explain that to globalists. They think oh cool, new Democrats—Forever Status.
They just haven’t figured out how to get them all to be citizens yet
They can’t be citizens... that’s the whole point of asylum. They aren’t citizens but are offered protection, which is legal. They also have zero path to citizenship. You really don’t know what you’re talking about and really should stop talking.
By taking away asylum status, this administration may possibly be sending these people to their deaths. And you’re ok with that?
Of course she is ....
They need to go back. This isn't their home.
What Native American tribe do you belong to?
“Native”
There was no Europe in the stone age.  The US was created by immigrants, for immigrants.  People risk their lives and freedom to come here bc the US is nation made up entirely of immigrants. Illegal crossings have declined for yrs but the fear mongering increases.
The United States was created by European Christians for their progeny.
They have the highest homicide rate in the Americas, no?
Wtf are you even talking about ?
He meant Central America. Yes, one of the most violent countries in the world.
Yes along with El Salvador but that was all caused by Regan years ago.



Welcome to America. Now go home. 
.
Yup, the sooner the ILLEGAL ALIENS leave the sooner we can use the tsx money spent on them for OUR border wall!

#MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
#NoIllegals 
#NoDACA 
#supportNRA 
#ISupportKanye

If you were homeless due to a hurricane and a friend allowed you to crash his pad, would you expect the friend to let you live there forever?  @RealJamesWoods
If I loaned you a Lego to complete a set...would you expect to have to give it back..our couch is rather large.
If you said that the Lego brick loan was temporary, as the Hondurans were given temporary status, then I’d expect to return the brick to you. Just as these Hondurans are now expected to return to Honduras.
Generous..if it's a one only?
They have all had more than enough time to become legal...
There is no path to permanent residence for TPS recipients.   Unless you qualify by getting married or in some other way.
True... Thanks... So I say bye to them
They had decades to apply to stay here or get citizenship. They have until Jan. 5, 2020 to apply.
I believe because of their status, they couldn't apply for citizenship. They could work, join social clubs, schools & churches & of course pay taxes, until like at this moment told time has come to leave.
THEY WERE NOT ABLE TO APPLY FOR LEGAL CITIZENSHIP! WTF IS SO HARD TO UNDERSTAND ABOUT THAT! DO YOU HONESTLY THINK THAT MOST IF THEM DIDN'T TRY? WTFIS WRONG WITH YOU OBTUSE PEOPLE. IF YOU THOUGHT TO APPLY, THEN WHY THE FUCK WOULDN'T THEY? COMMON SENSE JUST DOESN'T RESIDE IN U.S.!
@SenFeinstein, along with with Sens. Van Hollen and Cardin, have written a bill that would grant a path to citizenship for these thousands of Hondurans who have been here for over 20 years. Call your MOC and say SUPPORT Feinstein's bill!
I'd say this is outrageous. But what is an outrageous with this administration
Pretty sure if we had room for Melania’s parents, (who came to America without a devastating hurricane that destroyed their country), we can allow people who worked, paid taxes & raised families here for over 20 years to stay. Makes sense since they have been here for decades.
It's called ethnic cleansing.
If that were the case, America would be deserted.
Just take the Statue of Liberty down. It's a fucking lie at this point.
True that. As a descendant of a French man who came to America in the 1600s I'm very ashamed that America is not what it's meant to be.
A lot of these people aren’t even tired, weak or hungry. They’re just moving. It shouldn’t be this hard.
Still our country was built on the principals of being a place of acceptance and we cant even do that.
Yup just put her in storage somewhere until we get an administration with some fucking compassion
Maybe my entire family can make another good president.
Before they changed it wasnt like that.


What a nightmare he is!
I think if they have had no criminal record..they pay taxes and are no threat to society..let them b citizens! 18 yrs is a long time to prove their status!
Christian nation? I don’t think so.
If they were from Norway, Spanky McBone Spurs would let them stay forever.
Temporary status since the 1990s?  Why are theses people still TEMPORARY??  So unfair to the people who do it correctly.
You mean the people who are lucky enough tohave a legal avenue to do it correctly. Most people in these countries don't have a legal avenue to do it "correctly".
To bad,And I want to be the Poe Poe Greenwich Village. There are 7 billion people in this world Americans come first

Good
Bot
18 months...

How about 18 days?… can we get serious with our lax BS laws?…
#MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
This Is shameful.
Hondurans and other humane folks know what to do to stop this. #DonateBlue #VolunteerBlue #VoteBlue #VoteThemOut

#FridayFeeling
#FridayMotivation
About time.  Maybe after all they have used and abused here, they can improve their own country
You are a sick pup
Brain drain is a real problem and you should create stronger arguments.  BTW you should read Macrons comments on developing nations
It is a problem.   Just look at our so called president
Yeah I can tell you’re a bot, probably a Russian bot, because that counter made no sense.
If they havent become legal citizens by now , then too damn bad
Terrible news but not surprised under a racist administration.
Does that mean Melania’s parents will be sent back to Slovenia....just for show 
I hope @ACLU files a suit to stop this.  We had some construction workers from Guatemala under TPS, they work so hard, were polite and did a great job.  They could run circles around white laborers any day.
If Democrats don’t take back Congress in November these people will have no refuge. Most cruel administration in my lifetime.
This makes America great, how exactly? Do explain. #USPolitics #MAGA #frauds #Trump
How very humanitarian of us.
Good.  One small step forward.  They -all- need to go back.  America for her founding stock!
"Founding stock" - so you're a native American, right?
The Injuns?  Nah, my ancestors fought them off and claimed the wilderness.
This technically makes us the 'natives', in the same way the Turks are the 'natives' of Anatolia.


About time. These people should have gone back long ago.
Lmao holy fuck you’re racist. White people should go back to Europe then, since we invaded the natives and all that.
She literally said noting about race.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Good riddance.

Another win for America and Trump.

Another loss for libs and fake news.
How is this a win?
Disgraceful...
Follow USA  Laws!!!!!
You have no idea what TPS stand for.
Why in the mighty fuck are they still here anyway? Bye.
We have to make room for the #caravans of new arrivals. We happily extended more than gracious hospitality after hurricane Mitch.  Thanks for visiting!
So, you're a member of which Native American tribe?
It looks like @thatisabot.  Yes, I am a native born American.  Not that it matters, an American citizen is an American citizen, with all of the rights and responsibilities that entails.
The entire Administration are racist heartless thugs how dare you attempt to do that to law-abiding hard-working people who have made their lives here in this country for decades.. and the dotard is always talking about what's not fair
Now who the hell is going to do the jobs these people are doing? Cause it won't be any of us USA citizens
Yeah. Here's a preview of what's gonna happen. Except now it will happen at a much larger scale...
Here is another example. Between the China tariffs on agricultural goods and this, Trump will have thoroughly screwed America's farmers.
There is a right way and wrong way to do things. This one hits close to home, I have friends that are from Hondorus and this will impact them greatly. Time to do the right thing not the wrong.
One word to describe the administration: cruel.
Racist administration Jonesing to distract from its mobster boss's crimes and failing mental health finds a way to hurt 10s, if not 100s of thousand of American residents and citizens by forcing more possibly brown-skinned residents out of the Whitemerica.#DestroyAmerica1st
“TEMPORARY” status given in the 90’s. If it is Temporary it should be Temporary. How is this news?
Let's have Americans take a vote. Who wants to keep the Hondurans here and send @realDonaldTrump to Siberia?A show of hands please 
THANK YOU! That program should have been done decades ago!
Adios
Great, 20+ years is a pretty long "temporary" time period by anyone's standards. Should have been ended a long time ago.
Thats many years of gibs out of my wallet
Once upon a time America was about values, policies & a free world

... no more now
It’s really sad watching the glee some of my fellow Americans are having every time trump needs a distraction and puts a large group in crisis. Funny how these same people are the ones who say they live “ Christian lives”
'Disgusted'... watching from Australia.  So sad and embarrassing for America. 
This is why I hate everything about this administration. They live and breathe hate. Taking action that is senseless. This is not an America to be proud of and goes against the ideals on which it was formed.
And where are they going to find the workers to replace them?
Uh, are you not aware 30,000+ caught sneaking across border monthly? LMAO, those are only the ones caught. Oh, and then we have those presenting themselves for 'asylum'. I don't even know those numbers. Give me a break, we've been invaded, and you can't see it.
In the DC area, it will reflect in the closing of many, many businesses.
Stephen miller doing the job for kkk
OMG heartless.
This administration is full of cruelty, crime, corruption, and deception.
"Temporary"
Disgusting. They have children now who most likely are adding to the economy. Let’s get into more debt
It’s A Shame, How Some Americans Have FORGOTTEN That People On Their Family Tree, Where Once Immigrants! If They Weren’t Allowed In, U Wouldn’t Be Here! I Have No Problem Implementing Immigration Policy! I Just Want It To Be Common Sensed & Understanding! Trump Forgets That 1/2
Isn't there a point where we just admit someone living and working here, has become an American? Or does that only apply to us whites who's grandparents came three or more generations ago??
It was suppose to be temporary. Not our problem if they stayed. Guess they didn't have time in the last 20 years!!
tem·po·rar·y ˈtempəˌrerē/ adjective

1. lasting for only a limited period of time; not permanent.

"a temporary job"
Stay in that temporary job 20 years and then have that company tell you to grab your shit and get out in the next 90 days...even though you contributed and did everything you were asked to. The company is doing well, your position is needed, but you need to take an arbitrary hike
But that job was always temporary and never converted to permanent, so why would you be surprised when this happened?
"always temporary" vs "converted permanent" 

Interesting dichotomy.
It was over 20 years ago. It's time to go home. You're welcome.
This is reprehensible.
Can they really do this? What's wrong with this picture? How can they do something like this? This is crazy. What did those people ever do to Trump?  This crap must stop.
Underground railroad anyone?
Another Trumpster disaster
I hate this government.
If someone visits a country on a temporary basis and then sets up permanent status, that’s their fault for not seeking citizenship or leaving sooner. If your cousin stays at your house temporarily and then continues to stay wouldn’t you eventually tell them it’s time to go home?
And the inhumane treatment continues. @AlyssaMastro44 @carlreiner @robreiner. @jonfavs. @TVietor08. @danpfeiffer @davidaxelrod @jonlovett @anamariecox

So they’ve had 20 some years to become legal and they said the hell with it! They knew their free pass would end soon.
It’s not Hurricane Mitch anymore. It’s 2018
Maybe it can change if trump is gone by then
All you "Minorities for Trump" fans listening??? You're next in the purge to make America a white christian country.
senseless.
And people support this...good grief.
You mean Cocaine Mitch?
They’re trying to stop the Browning of America, but you can’t stop the Future from happening.
Get rid of them.
You shouldnt have a profile pic. God you're ugly.
Ok this sounds like Hitler and the holocost wake up people
So 25 year olds who have known no other country will be told to go home. Pathetic
Sadly for them their country of origin is not home for them. America is!
Yeah... I think 20 years exceeds the TEMPORARY part
Review was  done, a decision made .
Addtl info :
#Honduras
It's only until July 4, 2018 though...
Is there a cost estimate to deport 60,000 people?
This is absolutely chaotic. These people live here. How much will we take before we impeach thes monsters? We need #BlueWave2018 ASAP.
Notice how they only revoke TPS for brown countries.... why aren't they pushing the bosnians and serbians out?
Why not the Kuwaitis? What makes them different?
This administration cares nothing about human rights
Racist administration does racist thing.
Chain migration.
They've been here "temporarily" since the 1999's ? Why was this not addressed until now?
Since Trump is deporting anyone he can find, need to change that famous phrase to: get rid of your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free
#subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump  #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump  #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump  #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump  #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump  #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump  #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump  #subpoenaTrump #subpoenaTrump  please RT
Can we just deport Trump instead?!
Gross
Wtf is wrong with our country? We've been taken over by fear mongerers. This is gross and inhuman.
WHY??  How does that benefit our country. Just pandering to racists. History will remember what they are doing and their children  will be ashamed of their racist parents
That’s not ok
Cruel! I pray that karma is real...
@realDonaldTrump @SecNielsen This is inhuman and loathsome. Enjoy hell.
.@realDonaldTrump 
.@gop
.@TheDemocrats 
.@Scotus

Congress needs to step in a protect HONDURANS from being kicked out of the USA. .@USCCB
Please open your churches and cities as sanctuary 

This is inhumane! 

PLEASE VOTE ALL GOP OUT COME NOVEMBER. 

.@BBCBreaking .@UN
Good....10 years is long enough.
Excellent. This is long overdue. End TPS altogether.
about damn time
#MAGA
Nice.
How long until he gets to the descendants of African slaves? This administration is sick and hateful.
We were hit with  hurricane Mathew and we got nothing. We had to take a loan and rebuild. So how is it 20 plus years they are still here.
Well I just can't 'like' this. I'm tired of trump's lilly white ass! National Day of Prayer yesterday. Hipocrisy in the Oval Ofc yesterday!
Whoa. This is crazy
These people have no soul
They are going to locate every brown person allowed into the country, ever, and make them leave. This is insane. Totally un-American.
Trump will be gone by then
Send them home...yay...
Cruel
@NBCNews We Are A Nation Of Immigrants
All for the white nationalist terrorist bomber shooter types to get their tweets of "campaign promise!! Bless the fuhrer!!" We will Vote blue! And #ImpeachTrumpNow
Are you serious hurricane Mitch? How many more decades were they planning to stay? This is ridiculous!
Fing with my lunch now...
Buffoon-in-Chief should be long gone before then!
I certainly hope you are right. Living in the US these days is a challenge. We need to take it back.
Crawling out from his daily shitstorm of lies, thefts and inhumanities  is just too exhausting!!
The left is offended
His Family Tree Had Immigrants On It! Trump Forgets That His Wife Is An Immigrant! Why Should She Be Given A Pass, Just Cuz She’s Married 2 Him? He Forgets That His In Laws Are Immigrants & Were Granted Visas Thru Family Reunification! Why The Special Treatment, 4 His Family? 2/2
Yeah, that thing he likes to call "chain migration"... But only when brown or black people do it.  When it's white/Euro people, it's family reunification and totes cool.
YES! Time to go home!
Time to go home! Enough free stuff!
You have 9 followers
This is a cultural purge!
Most will simply slip away into the shadows of the other 12 million illegal aliens, doing the jobs floor sub standard wages without benefits or social security. What a mess.
Like I keep saying, *sociopathy* has become the foundational guiding ethic of the @GOP. They now pose the greatest threat to our nation we've ever encountered.
I really fear he could be elected a second term, which would be devistating on so many levels.
YES!!! Now they need to respect the law of the land and go through the process of naturalization. Great job President Trump, finally a president who listens to the people!!!!
It's called TPS for a reason. The T stands for something you know, maybe a word in the English language meaning "lasting only a limited period of time"
Trump is giving his base red meat he is deporting anyone who isn't white. Before you call me a liar look at the damn facts, listen to what he's said.
How does this make America great?
Cannot be the saviour to the world. Once we allow thousands of immigrants into the USA. The taxpayer has to foot the bill for food,lodging, medical, adding to our National debt.  Who will take care of us when we can no longer give? Fix immigration!
Always ham-handed and backward action from this administration.  From my experience, Hondurans are the hardest working, head bent to the grindstone people anywhere.  They uncomplainingly pay taxes, contribute to society, embrace culture of family.
Well it's seen like trump will make MAGA by kicking South Americans out of the USA so poor whites, blacks & native americans can work the farm fields again, how'll that work for you @joniernst @marcorubio
Oh crap, more coming to Canada!
Why?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
What happen to us as a country.
Present day handmaid’s tale
After almost 20 years, why can’t these ppl be offered a path to citizenship. As long as their records are clean, they should get a shot at it.
God forbid we ever have a horrific disaster requiring aid from other countries... who would helps us at this point? When can we all just be earthlings?
Nasty
No they can't. They live here now! They can't go back to such horror!
#ICE monsters. Head of ICE is nasty nasty nasty.
Trump distraction.
Apparently ICE has run out of People to Persecute/Prosecute so Trump Govt terminates Protections for Thousands of Hondurans.
As much as I love this country and wouldn't take a billion dollars to ever do anything that would hurt her, I am amazed and saddened by all the hate we Americans are showing to the world. Where did all of our Bible following LOVE that we have lost.  SAD
Anyone who is a Trump supporter today, has booked a ticket to hell.
Buh bye
By the time 18 months is up trump will be gone. We will fix this
Assholes - they’ve been here over 20 years - this is their home now

This is a heartless administration! Any other immigrant groups of color for them to target?

Most Hondurans have dark skin, isn't that correct??? Well, that explains why @realDonaldTrump would give a crap about these people being here.
And this come on a Friday hoping nobody will notice.
Evil
SHAME! Hmong, Nepalese, El Salvadorans, Haitians, Cambodians......Maybe being 1st generation won't protect anyone anymore.
EVIL, PITILESS MONSTER THE USA IS.
Please use the correct term-ethnic cleansing
They've been in the country for 28 years and now you want to deport them? Are there any words to describe that vile atrocity?
More assholeness coming from trump’s government.
@GOP are racists.
Wow.. what a way to scew someones life
Just to be dicks! @DHSgov
Heartbreaking
Trump is a POS!

Yeah, Temporary key word
More @WhiteHouse efforts to Make America White Again
Temporary means temporary, they were never granted permanent status. Look up temporary in the dictionary #MAGA
Cruelty is the point.
And the inhumane treatment continues. @carlreiner. @robreiner. @ananavarro. @AlyssaMastro44. @anamariecox
Gotta make Rome for all those Swedes and Norwegians that he wants
.@realDonaldTrump - our racist president trying to Make America White Again.
WARNING- disunity running rampant on this thread. TRUMP AND RUSSIA WIN- Americans hate each other. They are all losing so much they want to go down drain together! WINNING!
Shameful and cowardly...not my America. 
Of course @realDonaldTrump is bc he needs any and all diversions from #Mueller investigation and whether or not he is going 2 speak w special counsel. Let's keep this in perspective tht DT already sold his soul & 2 avoid prison wld sellout his children biz & country.
It  was a Temporary Protected status not meant to be permanent  but still a sad day.
America has been sustained by diversity.
No one wants to live in trumps white supremacist world but him.
Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary Temporary
The word is Temporary!
Fixed it. The Department Of Extermination , Removal and Racist Propaganda; has made an edict.
