She may Resist Making America Great Again, but there is no Stopping it!  #MAGA
Sweet let me make sure to not set my dvr.
Howwwww
Awww you think that you're resisting, lol You're just a Pawn of the deep state and their propaganda arm the MSM who's goal is to reinstate the Orwellian status quo and remove a legally elected President of the United States. 
NEWSFLASH
TRUMP IS THE RESISTANCE

Pochahontas.....in the news again.
#TakeHimDown

Signed,
American people
What resistance , you mean the resistance against any American that does not vote the way you want them too. You mean resist the results of a public election. What resistance?
Trump is going to absolutely demolished her. The far left, is the gift that keeps on giving to Trump.
Ban the guns!!!!invest in arrows !
this lady lied about being a Indian to get a job at harvard.If she can lie about this then she can lie about every thing.There resistance is losing the republicans are fighting back and we will come out strong in the Nov elections to get corrupt democrats out
These mentions are trash
Lizzy, is an American hero. She's truly cares and never stops fighting for the American consumer. Thanks @SenWarren for standing for truth and justice, for ALL.
God I hope Pocahontas runs for President!  It would be a bigger landslide than Reagan vs Dukakis!  
Pocahontas, she smoke peace pipe with commies ..
that's great, it helps the republicans
Retractions should be as loud ans prominent as the LIES!

#WitchHunt 
UNEMPLOYMENT FALLS TO 3.9%
LOWEST IN 19 YEARS
TRUMP APPROVAL JUMPS TO 51%
HIGHEST SINCE ELECTION
Happy Days Are Here Again!
BTW CNN MSNBC & MSM is Fake News Propaganda!
read more see polls:
http://www.drudgereport.com/ 
Hahaha!  The resistance.  Obama really did set some bad precedence.

Is this nut job doing anything to help our country.
This is their leader?  Well, that explains a lot.
@MSNBC I Love @SenWarren Of Massachusetts
Not sure being the front line of the libtards line of psychophants is a good campaign bumper sticker, but I hope she runs with it.

Yes!  She is bat shit crazy.
