They’re Republican controlled. As long as Trump will sign whatever they send to him, they’ll let Trump “be Trump.” Even if his actions are potentially illegal. This is why they need to be voted out in the midterm elections. They put party and profit ahead of country.
Dereliction of duty by this compromised Congress requires action by the people using the still valid
Declaration of Independence!

This government has become destructive to the people!!
Well I said that a long time ago ;) Congress is incompetent.
Not incompetent, more like unwilling to stem the crisis named Trump!
I’m afraid that he will ignore the courts and won’t testify. What would happen if the Republicans are still in control of Congress and we end up in that situation?
1776 all over again my dear!
Ya think? If Hillary were suspected of 1/100th of what we KNOW about Trump, they would have already jailed her!
What do you KNOW?  Actual facts.  Love to hear them. We already have seen Killary’s crimes.
What crimes exactly?
failed, the bad stuff is already happening
What is the Trump administration doing wrong ? .....
Really?
And dragging us kicking and screaming into a full-fledged  dictatorship!
What’s Congress?
IMO,

Trump is essentially like a "paper weight" to/for Congress; as long as he [just] hold things down, he's serving his (-their) purpose; hence their unwillingness to lift a finger against him.
hey there Mr Nader ...... instead of just complaining tell AMERICANS step by step what to do and i am sure many will .......
I was wondering when SOMEBODY was going to speak Up... Looks like Congress maybe full if Trump's supporters or in some way beneficiaries of Trump's policies and tomfoolery.
Let me get this right! Obama gave Iran 1.7 billion, Russia 20% of our uranium, allowed  N. Korea to build up it's nuclear arsenal, and you think Trump should be impeached! What planet are we on!
If I was in court for a traffic violation- I couldn’t point at you and say “hey look what he did!” ...and be excused.
Okay as true as my statement is, lets not compare. Tell me what congress should hold Trump accountable for? I watched Nader express his opinion, and even he doesn't answer why. Tell me what we should hold Trump accountable for!
Understatement of the century.
For making the country great.. again?
wow...ya think?!!
If you want ALL the news turn the channel.  You wont hear about the REAL...COLLUSION!!!  "John Kerry Working To Undermine Trump on Iran Deal" http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2018/05/kerry-working-to-undermine-trump-on-iran-deal.php … …
Trump is like a child who needs a babysitter and the one he has no control over anything and every since he went to the White House he's become a liar Donald J Trump he's always having temper tantrums
The Hill?
@sonny_scroggins
He knows nothing will happen to him. He's getting ready for the blue wave in November.
Correct...vote blue
@congress absolutely sucks.
Ya think?
Please hold on his NK Summit, sick whatever you have to say, man's insane. Not approaching anything correctly. He says things 6 times and it's real. Fake time man of the year on display. His plan to "wait and see"? Not politician, not lawyer, barely human. Lies about all. Please
No shit. Let's do something about it. No use crying... let's get busy! Blue Wave!
ACCOUNTABLE for what,  Making America Great Again?
Dereliction of duty. T is out of line and so are his cronies.
fucking derr
100% accurate.
He wouldn't be wrong ...
Yes, they are, but they will pay the price at the poles!
Fake news Trumpnis the greatest president we the true americans all 99% of us live him ur fake news paid for by soros isnt true america
Representative Nadler is correct. No one is above the law.
time for #Republican enablers of @realDonaldTrump to put country above party and take steps to shut down this erratic buffoon as he makes an all-out assault on the rule of law and destroys our credibility on the world stage
Nadler has a lot of issues!
Republicans are the new walking dead. Sad.
A big thank you to Mr. Nadler.
We need to hold the top corrupt fools of the FBI accountable for the crimes they committed
Yawn...ZZZZZZZzzzzzzz tick tock IG report
Is @RepJerryNadler delusional? Maybe he smokes crack, huh?
LOL! Silly me! @TheDemocrats are delusional, and have infected 60 odd million with their same, sorry virus!
Half of those 60 odd million, smoke crack just like Nadler!

Today (5/5/2018), a federal magistrate denied Mueller's request to continue the May 9, 2018 initial appearance and arraignment.…
Well shhut the back door ! That's not news it's been obvious for the last 16 months UGH what the freeking hell did you all raid the docs cupboard or fingers in your ears singing the LA LA LA song !
The Russans to walk into NY and take over. Even then trump would welcome them
no impeachment is coming we love it when the media keeps saying this.Congress is a mess and so are the democrats who are in http://congress.No  one holds the presidents admin accountable they are open and honest a word the media is not used to
Ya think!
You bet the Republicans are not holding #TrumpTraitor responsible 4 his chaos. Deplorable! Disgusting ! #VoteGOPOut#VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut  #VoteGOPOut
Um Yea! Is this a new revelation?
Joining the NFL -Not For Long.
Trump think he is above the Law he is Not above the Law stop Letting do what he want .. Trump so guilty ..
@MSNBC Agreed
@MSNBC True
Or the FBI.
waste, fraud, corruption by Trump & his administration
#GOP Congress looks the other way/enables
Zero #oversight Zero #accountability
#VoteGOPOut
remember this when you vote , I will for sure.
down with the GOP!!
 &  &
Looks like a funeral home is doing Nadlers makeup

No,  but we will.
You bet they are
Yes they are. Why is it taking so long for somebody to voice that fact?
Duh, you figured this out just now?
Corruption on full display the swamp monster must be stopped
ya think?!
Get the full report. Turn the Channel .@TomFitton  on the Mueller investigation: "He's just taking this anti-Trump media  narrative and bringing it into the prosecutorial function of the Justice  Department. It's a real abuse." #Tucker
Well, there's a scoop.
MAINLY THEY NEED TO HOLD OBAMA AND CLINTON ACCOUNTABLE NOW THATS WHAT I AM WAITING FOR
Report on this? We don't want anyone in this country with unfettered power. It's unlikely you're going to persuade me the special prosecutor has power to do anything he wants. The American people feel pretty strongly that no one has unfettered power. https://www.cnn.com/2018/05/04/politics/paul-manafort-hearing/index.html … …
Yes, Congress should have prevented him from triggering peace in Korea and igniting the economy. The Swamp should have stopped him.
This fool is friends with open Terrorist Supporting Congressmen and women. How dare he criticize anyone!
this is the kind of BS you put out there and your unknowing viewers believe your lies.  OUR @potus has not done anything wrong.  Where were all those want justice people when Obama was in office?  Fast & Furious, IRS scandal, billions to Iran. Nothing. You people are unbelievable
So true..and sad
Yes they are, its only a matter of time now before we get rid of them all.
I call for an investigation into Congress for obstructing governmental operations for interfering with duties of the POTUS @realDonaldTrump. The voters will conduct one at the polls in November.
Where did you find this clown?
Seems it’s a pattern since thy didn’t hold the Obama administration accountable either!!!
Easy to see how a Hitler starts.
It reassures me that there are people like you in Congress.  Please keep speaking up for us, the silent majority.
Use the SCOTUS. File suits.
Ya think...
Congress is a joke lurking in the Trump shadows.
Boy!  That’s got to be the most brilliant understatement of the obvious this year. Now then, what to do about it?  Thoughts and prayers?
The #TrumpRegime will fall. They always do.
Ya think?
The question is why? What dirt is he holding over them? There is no other logical reason as to why they are protecting him.
Not “Congress”. It’s Republicans in Congress.  Get it right guys.
Please clarify, it is the Spineless Republican Congress members are criminally not holding #TrumpPathologicalLiar Accountable for his crimes.

Ya think?
The USA has been thrown on the ground and ran over by trucks. America has no more value and wants to go to Dictatorship.
To be more specific it is the Republicans in Congress, not simply Congress
You mean the Obama adminisrtation
The guilty for what's happening is the people who voted Republican. 

It's like jumping to the tiger cage and expecting to make a friend.

Lying and stealing is like second nature for these people in power.
You would need to elect a NEW, BLUE, Congress---which we'll do ASAP .
Agree. It's not abt politics is abt country and maintaining rule of law.
Republicans are all scammers. We use to think it was just Trump.
Thanks to Rep. Nadler for his integrity and voice in Congress.
President Trump is the greatest President of our time!!! You not so much
Obama lost 17k manufacturing jobs in his final year and said they were never coming back. Trump added 300k.

Next question?
Yep! I think millions of us already knew that A LONG TIME AGO!!!
Nobody cares what a Democrat thinks.
For what: MAGA You're a sick puppy
What a crock of fake left wing propaganda that is ludicrous!
True nobody really cares abt STORMY case but the way Trump and and some G.O.P lie abt it is proof that they are liars and all the lies that nobody had contact with Russias in B.S so we know and Mueller knows they conspired &he's gotta go

Since congress is too cowardly to do anything, we have to count on Mueller and Avenatti to end this travesty once and for all.
They aren't doing anything!  Do you know how that looks to the youngest Americans?  They are wondering what is going on and why Congress is silent.
No shit Sherlock! So glad to have you come out from that rock you’ve been under. And while your at it, neither has his Republican Party!!!
Really.I thought U White people were the ones well the majority who elected a MOBSTER as a President 4 this New White Corrupt America. Isn't that the reason the GOP lost their Cojones & have yet 2 find them they rather win & fill their pockets than defend the PEOPLE/CNTRY
Congress can not have Republicans...they no longer uphold the rule of law...they are now dictatorship...attacking Police, FBI, CIA, etc...
GOP are only ones following the laws... pro police, legal immigration, 2nd Amend rights. Only have a problem with a few FBI who thought they are above the law.
This can not be understated

No shit
Congress never holds the president accountable when the white house and congressional majority are held by the same party. D or R.
Ya think?
Rep....Ha is that all you can get now is  REP...
we will have to wait untill 2020.impeachment is a long shot
The GOP lawmakers and oversight committee are refusing to hold Trump accountable.
Maybe it’s time to start our marches and protests?
THE DEMOCRATS WILL BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE
That's an understatement.
duh
No shit Sherlock
It's beyond party lines, @SenToomey @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @LindseyGrahamSC . @realDonaldTrump is unfit to lead this country. He is a liar, irrational, untrustworthy & unfaithful to the core principles of Americanism. I blame YOU for enabling him to tread on democracy.
Congress is impotent
The GOP are doing NOTHING to govern OR protect the country. They don't even work for their own base, only distract them with their propaganda while the Prgressives foot the bill for their vile agenda. Who is the crazy ones? THEM or US for allowing it?

Well that’s pretty obvious.
TRUTH!!!
Hold Trump administration accountable for what? Following through on the campaign promises.
We are living in dangerous times as Fake President Trump destroys one of our Three Branches of Government!! Must be following Putin’s Playbook: How To Destroy Democracy
Democrats are helpless
Republicans are gutless
Independents are clueless
People are hapless.....until November 2018.

Dems should move earth and heaven to mobilize every single vote.
Not just that, they are #Complicit in #ObstructionOfJustice
No shit....
Accountable for what. Democrats are such babies when their in charge then they can run the house until then they need to grow up and come to terms their not in charge.
Couldn't be more true.
That’s a big surprise.
Ya think 
Ya think?
GOP sucks
@RepJerryNadler has been in office seemingly forever as the country continues to fall is disarray, I believe he owes the people an apology
What a fuckin revelation that is!!! Ya think????
Nadler NYC raised, enough said, no credibility, reason for term limits. There’s a reason for Separation of Powers.
Well.
Let’s change that 11/06/18. And turn some state legislatures too.
ENOUGH of Trump's SWAMP!
Democrats winning the House and having the backbone to say enough is enough, and about 17 Republican Senators who finally grow one.
No one out-dolts the Bolt

You have to have evidence of a crime for impeachment. Where is the evidence?
