The evil admin continues - I am so fed up - don’t recognize my own country
Go to Honduras
You go
Why would I go i recognize my country I love it
What do you recognize,  your racism?
Yup
Hold on Hondurans.  Once we take over the House & Senate & get rid of the criminals running Washington DC, we will be able to help you. 
Do not despair. Hang in there & know America respects you & wants to help you. 

#HonduransNeedHelp
All maga - need a taste of the life in a dictatorship ! Send them to NK !
I hope his heart implodes.
I served down there as a Marine , we don’t need those people coming here , they are full of criminality and plus they carry into our country many different diseases, put A Stop to it now !
Thank u for your service and thanks for defending r FREEDOM!
Pleasure is all mine and thanks for being a great Patriot
They’ll be alright
well if Patrick says so it must be true. On your conscience, then...
I’m not cold
These people might disagree with you on that one. I do.
I guess tRump has absolutely NO conscience or compassion for his fellow human beings.
What about those citizens in r own Country that need help to end their homelessness? We should be taking care of r own first!
Very Sad! 
Right on brother Trump.....ship them home.
I thought they were Christian's???? When the some fits
This is not the America my father and my uncles fought for in World War II. Trump is weakening the prestige of American values even while he and Pruitt and his other grifters siphon off our tax dollars for personal gain.
This is inhuman. What a bunch of monsters.
If you noticed the caravan wearing good clothing, listening to music with there earbuds you can see that they are not what they claim.....
We have others in dire need.....
Sad thing is, US actively destabilized Honduras & the rest of Cen. America, in late ‘70’s & all of ‘80’s w/CIA backed Death Squads, who tortured & ‘disappeared’ ppl which helped fuel formation of violent gangs, drugs; Contras that were based in Honduras, etc.
Horrible news. Why? Why do this to people? Horrible "president".

IF WE THE people here on Twitter don't do ANYTHING else this weekend ................ WE NEED TO POUND ALL THE NEWS FROM TODAY INTO THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA UNTIL THEY GET THEIR REPORTING RIGHT!!!

…
Keep the Hondurans. Throw out the GOP!!!!
Idiot.
Uneducated Trump moron no doubt....
Keep watching Fox. You'll be sooo much smarter!!
Another predictable, sterile, MSNBC-viewer attack/response to an opposing view.
How long do you think it'll be before Mr. Mueller puts that mother fucker in prison where he belongs??
T. is a very bad person. The world, please forgive us!!!
This is truly evil and cruel @ACLU can you help these folks
Then why do we give their government foreign aid?
Nobel Peace Prize not to sure now to bad hair don’t cry  maybe next time after your wall is built
Many of these people know only the U.S. as home. Trump us an evil, hate-filled fool.
The well groomed Ms. Nielson Secretary for DHS is part of this.  What a despicable woman who fits right in with the administration.

Hopefully he’ll be out before that happens. Good luck
@realDonaldTrump Is making America Racist ! #Impeach45
What about Mexico's compassion. Why is it always us. We've got our own mess to take care of. Too many draining our economy already.
How Un-American & inhuman...
There's something so wrong with a country (USA) telling the whole world how wonderful we are (we ARE a wonderful country) while slamming the door in the faces of those risking their lives to escape oppression & violence in order to get here because they believe in American dream.
Hell yeah they don't belong here in America!!!!! Ok msnbc why don't you have everyone that works for your crappie network adopt a random family from Honduras to live with them
They have been here for 20 years, they have jobs, homes, families pay taxes. There is NO REASON. TO DO THIS
Yes deport them to maga these immigrants don't belong here
Let them go to some of the other caring countries that have offered them asylum, oh wait, there aren't any.
Violence-plagued, politically volatile and poverty-stricken? Gee sounds like a real shithole
they where only suppose to stay a short time it's time for them all to leave.We have violatile cities with poverty stricken people who live in them.THis country is not violent they can all go back
Exactly!  Get them home so they can work on their homeland problems. None of these Foreigners really care abt this Country?
Temporary Protected Status for an event that happened in 1998 should end. Remember Temporary is Temporar just like Deferred doesn't mean forever.
It was Temporary we are broke and can not afford to keep this up. If they have a job fine if not no more taxpayers money. The same for all these illegals in this country go home and get a handout from there.
Honduras is a country of political unrest.  these people are already in US they s/b able to request political asylum. What happens to US born children? Adults brought here as children? Adults who work hard to provide for their families?
And Republicans have nominated trump for Nobel Peace Prize?
Yep here comes fascism and surpremist to the rescue. Someone need to do a heart transplant for the Grinch of immigration. Dont think there where any white ppl here before Columbus and his murderous campaign. Not where they chained in boats and hauled here against there will. 
Mass deportation is a crime ....
GOOD BYE
Trump is SICK IN THE HEAD.
They can get asylum in Mexico
Whoopty doo dah
I think we should deport Trump!

Dishonest media Real journalism is dead
No true...Trump is a compulsive liar...thousands of provable lies in one year! Educate yourself!
Hateful much? Guess he really doesn’t want people from shit hole country staying in US.
What would Republican Jesus say? oh, wait, he'd approve..  After all,  Morons Are Governing America  Amirite?
https://www.kingjamesbibleonline.org/1-John-3-17/ 

Democrats: “Sending these people back to Honduras would be like moving them to the inner city of Chicago, which we’ve ran for about 6 decades.”

@MSNBC We Are A Nation Of Immigrants
Well, their parenta should havr done the paperwork.  Now these freedom lovers can go jome and be leaders in their home countries.
@MSNBC Banana Republic
@MSNBC This Is Not The USA I Know And Love
Fake news
If anyone of your relatives voted for him. Be sure to thank them.
it is a sad & will only spread 2 America by letting all these people in..  I suggest we 1st take care of the homeless American, the fatherless, widows, hungry, help the drug abusers & alcoholic's and once they R all fixed then help the others. and MSNBC report the true facts pls.
@CBSNews @ABC @AC360 @FoxNews @AC360 They did this out of anger that the ppl that were asking from asylum were from that part of Central American. This show the ill will of this administration the Republican Party, Religious And Racialy prejudiced organizations in the U.S.
Then those people should over throw their government & you should invite them to live with MSNBC
BRAVO!!
They won’t be returning home - they will be headed to Canada like the Somalians and Nigerians at the rate of 600 a day and the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau won’t stop them as they are guaranteed to vote for him and go on welfare- thanks America!!!
Yay for Trump

#IllegalImmigration 
#Immigrationreform
#BuildTheWallNow 
#sendthemback
Awesome! Time to go back home.
What Else Do You Expect From This #Racist #SelfCentered #Moronic #ChildMinded #CriminalMinded @POTUS?

#DeportTrump
#JailTrumpFamily
Mexico's a nice place to stay.
Why didn't they do the work necessary to become Citizens?
Did they think "Temporary" meant "Permanent"?
They shouldn't have been depending on Liberalville for their legal advice or education.
Good!
Msnbc promotes the lies of the left!! Whose fault is it their country is a Sh,,hole country!! So if all those from those countries come here what will we have!! Got it!!!
Of course they did.
The lede curiously omits the word “temporary” in that “protected status”.
It's impossible to detect the bias in your politically-charged, Trump-opposing, liberal leaning headline.
Time to take MSNBC and their dumb so called journalists off the air.
@POTUS 
More criminals than you can fit in a short bus.
MAGA!
Because Hispanic Christians being persecuted are not the same as Christians being persecuted in the Middle East. Selective Love  of Christians nothing to do with Race !  Right
Or because refugee resettlement is permanent and TPS is Temporary Protected Status? The M.E. Christians are largely Iraqis and they come through the refugee resettlement program, not under TPS.
What?? No
