Either Mueller is saving them for last or...they're TARGETS...
Or target practice.
That too..lol
I bet it'll be on the season finale.
If he waits long enough, Don Jr. will tweet out everything Mueller needs.
Saving? Or savoring? Hahaha!
Hope to see them all in jaul. But more likely they will flee the country.
That's exactly what I was thinking. Ivanka looks like any time she's ready to jump ship. I bet she has bags packed and ready to go
He’s saving the best for last and I don’t mean this in a good way my 
Liberal, anti-@POTUS media.  Sad.
Apparently these people have never read "the Art of War"? Trump could learn a lot from it.
I’m reading that book now @Gillgurl12.
Yep, that’s the  way it works. Gather all the information and  know the answers before calling them in for questioning; and they had better not lie, or be indicted. Read Comey’s book.

Start with Ivanka.
Boys are disposable - Ivanka will bring @realDonaldTrump to his knees!  #DipShitDad
She is the “trump card”. It will work too.
Donald “The Big Whopper” Trump is waiting for the other shoe to drop.
He better get on it
Daddy's little shell companies are fair game.
You just can’t help yourself, can you?  There is real news to report like the lowest unemployment rate for minorities, NK and SK meeting, and the economy is rocking!
I don’t even bother with those facts anymore.  Just play along with their conspiracy theories.  It keeps them busy and irrelevant.
All The President’s Children - season finale
Should soon be happening, bing, bing and bing!
Everyone knows that #LordDotard will freak out once those little shits are called in for the big interview. He will be so upset that Steven Miller will explode all over the News networks calling Hillary all kinds of names.  Time for the bing, bong games to begin.
Doesn't need to question them. Has all of their phone records, bank statements, travel records amd witness testimony.  I'm sure we can read about their transgressions when they are indicted in the conspriacy. #illegitimatepresident
#corruptadministration
Ivanka should have been one of the first.
False…  judge said charges by Mueller on Manafort were valid but felt that Virginia Prosecutors should be handling the case b/c if Mueller does it its using Manafort to rat on the president as bank fraud is a crime he found but not directly tied to Russia. Overreach NOT Lying
No not my opinion but from The Federal Judge's direct quote. 

Sir may I ask did you get a chance to read any of what the judge actually said to Mueller's team as of yet?
Do people really get their news from this lying leftist tabloid clown show
You bet.  More truth and facts here one one show than a month watching Hannity.
She does NOT report on any of the shenanigans that is happening. MAY is going to be a fab month.
I hope she's one of the first of the "family" to be indicted!
My money’s on Mueller!! 
This slow walk of Mueller's is so the deplorables don't rise up and shoot people when Trump's gettin' down in the prison showers
@MSNBC THANK YOU for showing your classless ‘true colors’!!  #disgrace to #JournalismIsDead
Another week goes by and @MSNBC refuses to hold @amjoyshow (@JoyAnnReid) accountable for the #homophobic and #islamophobic things she wrote in her blog. She’s been caught lying about them and yet #liberals are silent. Go #ProtestMSNBC at their offices in NYC. #SaveJournalism.
First, last who cares? As long as they spill the beans on what took place. They are all complicit.
He will mop the floor with them.
Go, get them all !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I wonder if he's saving the best for last ...so to speak. #LOL
70 blank subpoenas. Who could they be.........
Yous, mueeler,  got nothing .its all a witch hunt 
Judge Ellis sure told the lying mueeler team.. 
Hahaha
Yep... If I were Mueller, I would take down Trump first before the children so limiting his pardon power.
#TrumpCrimeFamily
Robert Mueller is on a witch hunt since there’s no evidence of Russian collusion!
Your network is a disgrace. While America sees amazing progress, job growth, unemployment at its lowest in decades, black unemployment at record #’s, NUMEROUS sex trafficking arrests.. you continue to point to Russia as your escape from the HRC meltdown. You and your supporters..
Must really be miserable people and hate yourself.
Judge Ellis put the smack down on lying mueeler team

In my book it’s SOP when you’re working your way up to the main ‘targets!’
Best saved for last. Yummy dessert!
Save the best for last.
Huh?
Per Rudy hands off Ivanka. If he does the people will turn in him!!! Are you kidding me? Personally  can’t wait!!!
Ummm probably because they are targets 
Smart. Trump would blow a gasket.
Save them for last. They can be walked out with their father.
Just MoveOn. You are lost, please excepted the results. @realDonaldTrump is the President for 2 years..., 6 more years to go....
Oh, the stories they can tell. Spill the beans or go to jail. You can count on your dad to only save himself.
Mueller's smart,

he knew early on that if he brought Trump's children in for questioning, it'd be THE last straw for Trump, which would prompt Trump to act on his/Mueller's removal from the investigation.

Mueller wisely chose those near the family and slowly narrowed his scope.
Perhaps he's waiting until he has the fullest possible understanding of who,what,where & when. Then they'll be invited to have a chat about this & that

YET...ahhahaa, and he never will. More assertive conjecture from libnuts at MSNBC trying to create chaos and give hope to their weak-minded followers that Trump will be impeached.
To all of you reporters, get your cowboy hats, and boots....Muller is going to have a roundem up in the end!!!
Mueller is no fool, to state the obvious. Nothing will set off the legal conflagration of firing (or trying to) Rosenstein or Mueller like going after the family. As lonely and pathetic as Trump is, family is all he's got left.

#TrumpCrimeFamily #25thAmendmentNow #BlueWave2018
I'm pretty sure I hate the Republican voter, and the conservative voter, and the Trump voter, much more than I hate any of the politicians, including Trump. I despise my neighbor's, despise my relatives, see no value in discussing, or recognizing anything on the right. #fuckemall
It would send @realDonaldTrump over the edge and compromise the investigation. You save the family for last.

Traitors, this outlet are traitors to the United States of America. Unreasoning hatred of the duly and legally elected Pres. of the United States of America and an open disdain for the will of the electorate. Traitors committing treason. That's it.
Nor should he, unless Chelsea &the Obama girls are questioned about Uranium one the Clinton foundation plus the wire tap of the Trump campaign
they are trying to get away with wrong doing & all their russian dealings. WE CANT LET THEM GET AWAY WITH IT. They thought that their billionaire money could do & get away w any & all things, but they went overboard when they pd for svs & connected w/ the russians @CNN #UrCaught
I think Mueller has enough on the 45 administration that he’s hoping he doesn’t have to pull Ivanka in. But he will play that card if he’s forced to
Mueller has overstepped his “authority” as it is, and needs to be investigated.
Explain with facts how he is overstepped his mandate. You have no clue because he does not leak .

Should go after Don Jr.
Yet
Because it's not about Russia anymore. It's to find what ever they can to bring down the president.
Just Watch the way he makes this happen. Oh boy!

I hope that they have to bent over like everybody else those freaking criminals
You guys are all a joke the lies and deception  that come out of your mouth it’s going to be real funny to watch how you guys tried to retract all the bullshit you have spread since Trump took office you all will be eating enjoy
F f F FAKE News..
It feels like one big reality show, and no one can find the remote or off switch. 
Because their is nothing to question anybody about. The game is over. Go home.
Yet being the key word
Your out of order and your stupidity is showing.
That's  cause the lost in space
Or OBAMA, Hillary, page, McCabe, podesta, Lynch, Kerry, Rice, ......
Maybe they can go after Chelsea too!

What’s he waiting for? Should have been done the first week. WITCH HUNT!!!
Just do the damn thing
Of course he is!
He did question Trump’s entire 2nd grade class about Russian collusion when he was elected class president.
When is Mueller going to get around to questioning the doorman at Trump Tower or Trump’s golf caddy or Ivaka’s manicurist? This farce is going to go on forever!
Yet= agenda driven wishful thinking
He probably doesn’t need to.
It’s coming...
Yes
They would likely do what Hillary’s aides did - take the fifth anyway or like Hillary herself and say I don’t recall...
Brewing trouble that will fall flat!
Jr, toothy, ivanki ,daddy’s muse! They need to go down
The words yet, possibly, if, could and might are used quite frequently by your network. Their was a time journalsm required the why, where, what when and who.

And he shouldn't
Think so...biggest fish next to trump???
@realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani Who f cares, Mueller’s investigation is ending&American people had enough from this SOB questioning innocent people whom their lives are destroyed&love their country. Stupid congress must not have given this man that much power.
I really, really hope so.
Targets are usually saved till the end.
Go ahead and try. The country will eat you alive you corrupt animal.
 Sorry just can’t watch #MSNBC Alex Witt. Just me not open to that form of presentation... pls put names on bottom of screen, more
You guys are the root to this tree
He hasn’t questioned the grandkids and the great grandkids  he left a few four-year-olds out. MSNBC yes so funny it’s a steric oh no it’s really sad how pathetic you are
Yes...
Key word YET !!
yes he has he talked to Don jr and so did the senate intel that Schiff leaked the meeting to CNN and then did a interview with them.Meuller has not questioned the Podesta brothers or the Russian lawyer /spy that Obama brought over
That's what the police would do... Question everybody IN THE FAMILY during an Investigation! If you don't like it or think it's UNFAIR then it's unfair to the REST of AMERICA! Justice for all right dispute their economic status! Or PARTY OR Color
Oh stop it! It’s over- two years and they didn’t find anything.
 Move on!
But a judge questioned Mueller of his bullshit investigation!
You would love that @MSNBC - wouldn't you?
Oh. Okay. Get back to me on that.
time to get a new record, this one is broken.
I would say he may have missed his opportunity if this story is not fake news
That will definitely set drumpf off
Band of clowns look at em... trying to act like they know... ANYTHING!
Hope they flip on their father he deserves it.
They always save the best for last .... The perfect karma would be that they are ALL indicted on the Fourth of July !!!
Mueller got his butt spanked in court yesterday!! Judge won't let him get away with his usual trick, "Oh just take my summary of evidence, u don't need to read it all", But the judge didn't buy it, same trick he has used for 20 years!! Corrupt!!!
Where did you get these “facts”?
Weissmann is well known for using this trick with the Ted Stevens case, Enron, Arthur  Anderson, Merrill Lynch and the prosecutorial misconduct! In those cases the prosecution was allowed to give Summary of their evidence, not the actual evidence! & then overturned! Crooks
The Trump Children will help tie a bow on Trumps demise.
Saving the best for last!
Strange.
@MSNBC Yes
543 glorious days since the President was elected. Still no evidence
Mueller is on a Witch Hunt and a Liar just like the Judge told the Court this week-
I guess he is saving the best for last
Will be charged with lies to the investigators, smart move and checkmate.
That would make sense. "Crunch" time!
U R A N I U M  1
Just in: @MSNBA has lost all credibility, you guys have lost your minds! 
She is going to be the POS that will crumble the shit mountain on top of which this criminal and treasonous family sits!
Pressing a knife to the throat of the kids whose father u r trying to ruin, pushing them to sink their father over a pack of falsehoods, will be the last straw. The public outrage alone will end the shame that is Meuller. Present his evidence now, or close it up.
Mueller knows there is nothing to the probe and will end it to preserve whatever he has left of his reputation. This was a hoax and leftist media will soon have to admit it, painfully I suspect.
STRATEGY
If Trump doesn’t cooperate his kids are next
I hope so!!!
He’s saving the best for last
What they’ll all lie in unison
They haven’t been questioned because even Mueller has concluded that the Russian Collusion probe is a hoax perpetrated by the Dems and anti Teump Republicans. He’s now trying to figure out a graceful exit.

I’ve said from the start that if Mueller is smart he will go for Ivanka first. That will ensure Jared and Trump will turn themselves in volunteerily to save the family princess. Plus Ivana the mother will probably go basurk and spill all the tea  she knows on The Donald.
The Russian concussion goes on and on. Don't forget to question the family pets.
Must say Trump made a huge mistake bringing Rudy Guliani out of retirement. He's done a huge amount of damage in a few days.
Why would they waste their time?
What about Chelsea and the foundation, never seen questions there. Be fair!
He’s saving the best till last.  Stay tuned!
I say they start with IVANKA, BECAUSE RUDY SAYS SHE IS A FINE WOMAN
Mueller couldn't find an elephant in a phone booth
Children?
YET!!
You guys really don’t get it
They will. Soon too.
Has @ChelseaClinton ever been questioned about her Mommy's email. I mean she is included in them,you know her wedding details and all that BS plus a email before Mommy went on TV to lie to Americans about Benghazi. Chelsea already knew it was a planned attack! Not about a video!
Even if it is a lie that one of these guys came up with in order to work out deal . The president would be well within his authority to end this politically motivated investigation, because it is putting our country in grave danger and everyone knows it is phony bc Hillary lost
Judge Ellis opened the  door  for President Trump to fire Mueller, Rosenstein and Sessions. 
Secure their offices, search their homes and devices and strip-search them. Justification
for firing the traitors is clearly in the hands of the POTUS. Fire them in 30 minutes.
Oh please . Mueller is going to wind up looking for another job because he is over reaching his authority. He is investing people for things that have nothing to do with the election in order to get them to make up something about trump so they can move to impeach him .
They are ALL either complicit or incompetent.
Tell him to get hosed!  He has no stroke!
Zzzzz
FBI Lisa Page and James Baker resign ?? Now it starts....Dropping like flies because of the leaker/liar Comey !
I hope so
He need too.
Timesup
Nbc
Stop protecting homophobe and sexual predators
Don Jr. was on the Hill so wasn’t Kushner, Eric isn’t interesting; I guess Barron could be dragged in. If Mueller tries to drag Ivanka, Tiffany or Melania into the Special Counsel Office this country will revolt. Watching it implode is the fun part don’t ruin it by doing that.
Why not?
Saving for last
I sure hope so!
And the FCC hasn’t investigated MSNBC—-yet.
Don Jr and Jarred 100% will be called in. The Trump Tower meeting is a huge art of the investigation. I’m sure Ivanka will be brought in as well. @realDonaldTrump is going to lose his cool when all of this happens
Liars.  All of you.

He won't get a chance the investigation is crumbling and will be shut down soon
Unfortunately that crossing-the-line in Trump’s purview could trigger the firing of Rosenstein and Mueller...

So.... Stand by on that one...
After the judge come out and said Mueller's team lied, they must put an end to this investigation. Hopefully the President will fire Mueller.
The judge did not say that. Read his remarks again . If Mueller is fired, all hell will break out, but only Rosenstein can fire Mueller and he isn’t going to do it. Rosenstein is in more danger right now,
Actually the President can fire Mueller too. Of course Rosenstein & Sessions should be on that list too.
There is nothing to ask. No Russian collusion.
mueller is weak...
YET? You’re all so disgustingly Sick! Mueller is fraud, you’re making supposition look like fact, MSNBC is so twisted and Perverse that I can hardly believe it
Smart Mueller----saving the best for last.
Yes
Maybe it's because as Peter sztrock said, there is nothing there
If not him then please @AGSchneiderman
because there is no Russia collusion from Trump's side, only Hillary's
Lol! The investigation is ongoing. You don’t know that there wasn’t any collision. The uranium story has been debunked many, many times.
Collusion
I hope he is saving the best for last.
Wonder who is gonna get these subpoenas
Because there are NO collusion.  So, why bother.  Besides, wasting taxpayers money. Tell us how much money has spent on Mueller and his team.
You don’t know that. It is an active and ongoing investigation.
Of course I don’t know yet even though it’s been a year and a half and NOT telling Americans how much money already spent and on top there’s No collusion. But we know and there’s Proof that HRC & DNC colluded with Russians.
Lol! Keep your delusions. It took a couple of years for Nixon and Muller has already put forth indictments and people have plead guilty. Hillary has nothing to do with this. Come up with a better argument.

It is coming, plus, they need time to color the pictures for Eric
You cucks are obsessed
He needs to. Their as crooked as Sr. Jr  and Kushner may be worst.
Saving the best for last?
That's because Mueller knows this is all a witch hunt and their's nothing to ask.
The best way to catch them in lies is to question them last.
Merry Fitzmas, Losers. @TheDemocrats
@HouseDemocrats @TomSteyer #ImpeachTrumpNow #CincoDeMayo #NoWall @SenateDems @RepAdamSchiff @CBSNews @washingtonpost @SenSchumer @Emma4Change @nytimes
YET!
PUHLEEZE subpoena those kids!
Page and Baker resigned yesterday. FBI/ Mueller falling apart.
That’s funny but then again there is no Russian Trump collusion so why would prosecutor want to question the kids?  Just like Judge Ellis spanked molar and his investigation you should be spanked for this type of comment #FakeNews move on people
Mueller*
Does it really matter, Mueller's 'team'
got 'castrated'(sort of) by Federal judge who basically confirmed:
IT'S A WITCH HUNT as @POTUS 
has suggested!
This is really Mueller hunting for a 
means to justify the investigations
existence!
GTFU!
