Everybody reports the news better than you.
Better than Trump list are all Trump lies!  Everyone does it better than Trump even my dog!!
Shame, sleepy eyes Chuck is still hurt about #DNCleak catching him in #collusion with the DNC to fudge news reports and narratives.
And no one will fall like Don Con!
Yes, nobody does it like Trump.
We can all thank God for that!
Yep!
No body lies better than Trump;
Nobody cheats better than Trump; Nobody launders money better than Trump; Nobody screws up more than Trump.
LoL @MSNBC is no better than comedy central
For me, Nobody Does It Better than Chuck Todd!!
Well - certainly nobody else was able to end the Korean War before President Trump. Which is probably why Trump approval is 51% (Rasmussen Poll) and rising.
#MAGA
It's not over yet, not until the North and South sign a peace treaty.
Give that man a Nobel Peace Prize for agreeing to a meeting that the Prez of SK set up!!! Seems logical to me...Look at all our Holy Leaders Greatness in Everything he does... he should be POTUS for next 130 yrs if he changes his diet
#BS

you guys are ridiculous..
Trump is the most respectful pussy grabber in the history of pussy grabbers. Bill Cosby is a close second.
Yes is the truth
Even those that are his strongest supporters, don’t take him figuratively. You don’t either, but you try to make a mole hill out of a grain of sand.



Well the democrats definitely aren’t worth a crap. They can’t do anything right
Right you’re looking @realDonaldTrump Mr. Nobody
He has a limited vocabulary because he’s an idiot
No one colludes 
No one obstructs
No one lies 
Like Trump
Childish, pointless, story.  Very fitting for MSNBC, Chucky, and your viewers.
I’m stopping watching  @chucktodd forever after his “coal mine mismanagement” lie-by-omission.
The good news is MSNBC has the better liars, and molesters. So you win at something.

Nobody beats the wiz better than trump

“Nobody is more arrogant than me”
Hey Joy Reid, does THIS refresh your memory?
It's obvious, so I guess he doesn't have to say it, #1 should be I LOVE ME, I'M THE BIGLEIST BEST, SMARTEST, ETC, ETC, AND I HIRE THE BEST... Thank you Rudy!!!
Hopefully he’ll do impeachment better  than anyone else too...

When it comes to Taxes, North Korea, Jobs, borders, terrorism and restoring American pride he has no equal!
@MSNBC Trump Is Lying
he is crazy and so unable to focus. plays with AMERICANS like we are some kind of toy for him with his rants. a presidents words have consequences. god help us please

@chucktodd - Can you please count the number of times he has tweeted "NO COLLUSION" or said "there has been no collusion?"  PLEASE?
Or I could watch paint dry
That is for sure.
Truth hurts Democrats. He is better and does it better. VOTE TRUMP VOTE GOP VOTE AMERICA
He does
@realDonaldTrump only LOVED HIMSELF
Nothing but truth on that checklist.  Haha....you MSNBC watchers just can’t stand it can you.
So sad....
