Why should he steal the seat of an excellent Democrat? That’s not how he can help the country. He should be helping to flip red seats blue. Self-serving opportunist.
Excellent Democrat? Painter is Pro choice, Anti mining and will not take PAC money...sounds good to me. When I hear her stance on mining I'll consider her. Do you live n my sate?
Ask @RWPUSA why we should vote for him over @TinaSmithMN
He’s more effective player, with background in ethics and a solid backbone
Don’t recall asking you. @RWPUSA is a big boy, he can/should answer for himself
Some attitude you got there
She’s an angry oppressed woman
There’s plenty of reason to be angry
I think she is asking a legitimate question. We are all very fond of Painter, as a Republican.

But we’ve been here before, how will he vote on the issues? 

We do need to know.
Ethically
We need more people like Richard Painter to run for office.  I am so tired of the self-serving types, with no integrity.
Hahahahaha. Why do you think this guy kept making TV appearances to bash Trump? He was already plotting a political run and he knew he could get gullible Trump haters to agree to anything.
Propaganda joy
He’s still a republican.      I don’t see him as a Dem.
At this stage, although I’ll likely vote Dem most times, I’m open to any candidates running who reject the Trump abomination and care about ethics and the rule of law.
Would you vote for something better? How about a 100% guaranteed end of the Trump presidency, total purge of his enablers and a guaranteed way to prevent any more big money corruption ever again?
Sounds glorious.
A film is in the works on how to do it
Except from the Bushes! lol
@RWPUSA I respect you man, but I think Senator Smith should be the only dem vying for that seat. Go for Jason Lewis's congressional district (MN-02) You have until 5 June.

Lying biggot...you shouldn't be broadcast!
Sorry. He reminds me too much of Bernie. Also, he's a Republican.
If Bernie was mominated, Trump wouldn't probably be there.

As long as he is not a side track.  When he loses the primary; if he runs as an independent, you know he's a wedge.
Wish I lived in Minnesota because Mr. Painter would have my vote! 
I support @RWPUSA in his bid for US Senate. He has been relentless in his resistance to Drumpf, despite being of the same party. He has integrity. And I fully accept his switch to the Democratic Party. He is one of the few who have rejected this de-evolution of his own party.
Gotta love how they hold on to the silly words like it was their last 2 dollars. "Drumpf" "tRump" lol!
@HairyOrangeDude  "hairy orange dude" thats a name used by someone who is unsure and ashamed of his own words.
neither are you a Democrat. Fuck off!
Theres a great Dem already running.
He's only running as a Democrat so there's two Republicans running against the Democrat that already has the job.
Ask him how he would fix the health care system?  I bet he says something like, let insurance companies sell across state lines, what they already can do. Or he will say reinsurance, that's a tax funded bank account for insurance companies to use if they start losing profits.
Wow after seeing Dershowitz today calling Mueller a bad guy we hope NO MSNBC show has him on again to spread his lies. Let him go to FOX where lies and alternative facts are welcomed. Far as we're concerned Dersh is now an American villain NOT a law professor with unbiased views.

Well, it’s clear the Dems are become the new gop, while the gop is being filled with white nationalists
It does seem like Democrats are better w the economy and displaying traditional democratic values   And is by far the most diverse & inclusive Party
...better with the Economy ?! How much debt did @BarackObama rack up??

More than the Previous 3 Presidents combined...

D.C. Chicago Detroit California....

#Liberals...
Painter is as dirty as they get.. He was fired from the "ethics" committee for ethics violations. He is a smug horrible man who thinks he knows everything when in fact he knows nothing. If Minn votes him in like Ventura and Franken then they deserve what they get #AMHate
Hillary used 12 million of campaign money to pay fusion gps to get dirt on Trump to use in her dossier.She paid Russians for the dirt.The fbi paid for Steel a ex British spy that is illegal to
Should be,a law in equal tv and press time
I.t.'s not considered dar.k-mon-ey
Richard Painter should run for prez.  I'd vote for him.  R or D, he's got the right idea.  If the republican party actually stood for the things as Richard dscribes it, I'd be a republican.  Instead, all they care about is enriching friends at the expense of the middle class.
Go Richard.
@amjoyshow Vote For @RWPMinnesota

.@amjoyshow.@richardpainter: YAAAAAAAY!  We need rep's that's committed to protecting us & our country!!!
Joy the fraud!!!
Tell me again why the lying homophobic Joy Reid is still employed by @NBCUniversal 
#hypocrites
"Bush Ethics Lawyer" = an oxymoron
#banPACmoney It's what is corrupting American govt.if qualified,why the need to spend millions to get elected?Can't we vote on merit,qualifications,integrity, quality of the candidate? The old fashioned way of reading and investigating what the candidate stands for? #Cleanvote
Actually two frogs!!!
Joy Reid. Frog!!!
It doesn’t matter who’s money he takes if he’s voting for wars and Wall st. #Homophobic #liar
Joy will take it.
Not so sure I like where Richard painter sits on a lot of issues just will not trust this you had a Democratic governor in West Virginia that switch sides I think you're looking at another one#sorry
Good. I'm moving to Minn.
I asked him his view on continuing LGBTQ rights. He hasn't asnswered yet.
Well, we know what Joy thinks.
I love Richard Painter... I wish I could vote for him. He just sends out vibes of truth. A descent man.
Where is our stormy news? Why report this crap news? we want stormy.
Where is she dancing?
What creatures/objects did she "sleep" with last night?
Where is her bankrupt shyster?
It's been 37 minutes since you last ran a @MichaelAvenatti 
clip....WHY?
Does she shave her back hair?
He needs to win so we can vote for him for President next!!! Go Richard Go!
@MSNBC @RWPUSA Including Union PACS
Why is this homophobic woman even on there anymore?
Sure
What about lobbying? Lobbying is to be free speech but not everyone in our democracy can afford to hire a lobbyist which restricts free speech.
H8 joy...
TBH, I would take their money, then donate it to a worthy cause
and because of a republican leaning supreme court mega donors can hide in the shadows and spread their hateful agendas. Campaign finance reform starts in january 2019, Blue wave
If everyone running for congress were to say that, our country would be back on Constitutional track. If I lived in MN, he would have my vote.
#ReleaseTheVideo #HRCVideo #ReleaseTheCures #MAGA #ForGodAndCountry #FakeNews #WeThePeople #TheGreatAwakening @realDonaldTrump #Qanon #Winning #1a #2a #Vets #BuildTheWall #PedoGatesReal #StrengthInNumbers #MAGA  #KAG #Pedogate  #PodestaGate #Q #TheStorm #FollowTheWhiteRabbit"
Keep spewing the BS it keeps growing growing growing until you cover the whole earth with it.
Wonder if these PAC money people would give me a couple of millions? 
Hey tweet me privately.... just between us promise I won’t tell nobody.. trust me ok... promise.....
Richard forget a senate race! Run for potus so I can vote for a real Republican not a party filled with charlatans!
We must not lose sight that Citizens United is garbage and most be overturned.
*must
YOU go guy...we are with you.
Yes we need new campaigns fund regulations, that is very clear after this asinine election!
Give him all the same free air time Trump was allowed. Better deal,because this guy's INTELLIGENT. Trump is  Sideshow Bob!!
Why is it that when any host on MSNBC runs a taped sound bite of possible obstruction, the bite starts to break up and a test pattern screen appears? Some times a full 30secs. Becoming standard ops. Zip 92054.
He hates trump this is for real . Vote for him please anyone in his state . I would if I lived there
That guy looks like a robot
Where do I donate @RWPUSA ? 
I live in Indiana, but I'm fond of Minnesota and especially your campaign.
@RWPUSA
He’s right.
What a different playing field it would be if all of the politicians didn't accept corruption money.
Shame on our government to think these unlawful and arrogant crimes would go unnoticed. Are these Americans calling Americans stupid? We need a hero to stop this madness Who is up for the job when trump holds the book of secrets Who is savior worthy?
Go Richard!
Hi Joy! Judge said Mueller is crooked! Report it! Get the truth out! Your viewers have a right to know the truth! 
Nope - that is NOT what the judge said. First, you should know that the judge did not render a legal decision on the matter. He inserted his personal take on the issue which he shouldn't have done. He has asked to review the unredacted docs from DOJ to Mueller to ensure that
Mueller isn't overreaching. The judge never claimed that Manafort or Trump were guilty or not guilty of anything. #TheMoreYouKnow
Never said that, stop spinning, u must be dizzy by now
I'm not spinning a thing. I know exactly what I'm talking about. Point out one thing that I said that's untrue.
Lol no PAC money equals a loss... LOL good plan...
Way to go Richard!!!!!!!!
I’d totally vote for him if I lived in MN. Fiscally conservative and socially moderate who has republican DNA who wants to be a check on Trump.
When will you have @TinaSmithMN on your show? She's the sitting Senator and she's been a Democrat for more than 5 minutes.
Maybe she would do herself some good to be as vocal as he has been i dont hear her putting herself out there like he does you know exactly daily how he thinks an feels
This is exactly the right take. What’s the point of being a long-standing Democrat when no one knows what in the hell you stand for? Say something! Be heard! Be angry!
Thanks i appreciate that
meh, not sure i trust him... he seems like a bernie2.0
You’re literally on drugs
Painter: I don’t accept PAC money. 

Dems: Not sure I trust him.  

Hillary: I happily accept PAC money. 

Dems: I’m with her!  

Seems about right.
yeah, because 2016 was about pac money & not men's egos, corruption and racism.
there ya go. thanks for this one. if you really think 2016 was just about mens egos, and im assuming you mean bernies as well, then your perspective has been so poisoned by correct the record propaganda that you are beyond help.
sure, soros pays me too. i'm sure you're the only person with a proper perspective. you aren't approaching people to help them tho, grumpy=angry  angry=scared. get help with whatever makes you think you're right about anyone's views.
wut. who said anything about soros? and did you just paraphrase yoda? ill repeat myself, if you think BUSH'S former ethics lawyer is anything like bernie, you are literally on drugs
ugh, clearly you are not gifted with any sarcastic perception, maybe add that you love the term literally a little too much to your name... go away grumpy. i've had enough of you telling me i'm on drugs.
I like him, but he's not a Democrat and despite what he says, he does not support traditional democratic ideas.


Yes u r !

Surprised to see u admit it though...
Happy birthday jill
