Why does Comey always use the good people at the FBI as a human shields for justifying his leadership’s corruption?
As a federal prosecutor, didn't Giuliani rely on so-called FBI stormtroopers utilizing wiretaps and subpoenaing documents to build conspiracy cases against the Mafia that made his career? Are is he too senile to recognize the hypocrisy/irony?
Hey Rudy there are no FBI stormtroopers but there are millions of Stormy Troopers Russian to her defense.
Funny that Rudy Giuliani would refer to the FBI as "storm troopers" when his idol, Donald Trump, has created an America where immigrants fear going out because of Trump's deportation force sweeps. #nopinchewall #maga
"clapped back"

You can do better MSNBC. That's slang.
Giuliani, was hired to be the attack dog. His late father Harold 'The Enforcer" Giuliani would be proud of his son Rudy. Ole Harold, was a convicted felon & worked for Leo D'Avango aa local mobster in East FlatBush, Brooklyn in the 40's 50's.
How can we believe any news from MSNBC when U retract your statements at night.
FYI: On the same network not long ago Newt Gingrich compared the FBI to the Gestapo. http://thehill.com/homenews/media/382809-gingrich-compares-fbi-raid-of-trump-lawyer-to-nazi-secret-police …

This messaging is intentional, meant to undermine the rule of law at Trump’s behest. 

#KnowYourDeplorables 

Gingrich & Giuliani are our deplorable 6 of & 7 of 
What about stormy?
@Comey  your goose is cooked. Did you see the cover of @TIME ???
He is old and crazy

they took there orders from Meuller who made them break the law.Comey is under IG investigation every thing he has said will be used against him.The IG report is coming and it's bad and Comey will be done and the fbi and doj will be exposed
Giuliani is s disgrace to America
Being that justice is blind. But in this case, can seem to see only with one eye on only Republican crimes. Shooting and missing and Stormtroopers seems fitting.
Seem I remember that Rudy was accused of being heavy handed during his tenure in NYC.


But Comey's lips moved again.
@MSNBC Hey Rudy, @Comey Told The Truth
Rudy really knows Trump is the evil emporer.
The farce is strong with that one.
Giuliani tried to wash hands off Trump after fascilitating his ascend to power and now gets dragged back in as provocateur du jour
Investigation of sex 12 years ago, with a had been pornstar prostitute, is proof that Liberalville is intent on overturning a fair and legal election.
This is progress.   https://youtu.be/4xZ7jSfd4GY .  The clintons sold us out to this country.
News outlets want to defend their integrity but they’re using catchphrases like “clapped back” in their articles.  Do better.
Stop it hipsters! You jagoffs aren't cool enough to use the word "clapback".
Comey is a traitor.
#WitchHunt
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
Please move to Trump Tower Moscow.
…I can see Comey is in full spin/slant to attack the right mode already. 

No Rudy said to bust in “like stormtroopers” 

It’s an adjective Jim he didn’t say they were. But you spin that hate buddy.
Lefties:
