There’s no russia interference but there’s plenty of voter fraud especially in California!
Opening him up to perjury charges as well! Love it!
Rachel lost in the woods and making up stuff as usual
kiss your boss
Aww what a great pic of Maddow.
And the money led to Hillary nonprofit organization pay to play. Uranium sell to Russia money went to?? The money once again led to Hillary!!! Haiti earthquake donation and ended where? Again, the money led to Hillary!! 
the judge called Meuller a liar.Said he was using Manafort to get to the president.A case that Meuller brought up was dismissed in 2006.This judge is made at the unfetter power that Meuller says he has.Judge wants proof of this gave him 2 weeks
When the Republican Trump Team are racketeering...FBI, CIA, Police must follow the money where ever it leads! That is the law!

Judge is just doing his job, being tough on both sides to ensure they each make their case. Prosecutor's authority will hold up.
Ever heard of the phrase 'fruit of a poisonous tree'
Wait till this judge gets a look at some of the documents that Kickstarted this whole thing. Changing hands won't solve that issue idiot.
don't hold your breath

the investigation is legit. they've done it by the book. manafort is crooked as hell. getting search warrants and bringing charges was easy as hell, could have been easily accomplished even by an amateur prosecutor. manafort is fucked.
You must live on another planet talking about another Mueller investigation.
Rachel Madcow is the worst at making up bullshit. You can just watch as she just conjures up stories. Smoke alarms go off from the burning sawdust. What a joke
@MSNBC Wow
That's actually Fake news, you need to watch Fox News for the facts.

Judge told dirty mueeler team. What does this have to do with Russian collusion. And campaign....
Judge asked to see Rosensteins memo 
Mueeler better comply
Judge told them mueeler doesnt not have unfettered power
The judge called the mueeler team liars
look this Diva, let him sing...
Tick tock
Federal judge sees the witch hunt!

Liar
Ok so I'm dreaming about court cases. Has this Trump fiasco disordered us that much? Wait, don't answer that...
That's not anywhere close to what he said. Jesus.
You guys have any idea how stupid you sound talking about this Russian crap over and over and over 24/7? No one with an ounce of common sense believes this $h!+ anymore so please do us a favor and stick a sock in Rachel’s mouth. Pretty please.
yes, he can confirm that.
MSNBC/CNN and other media outlets will be the democrats demise. “Oh what a web we weave, when we practice to deceive.”

#FakeNews
Do you guys report news anymore?
What's news?
