Fired!  
Everyone flees The Devil!
Yes, Trump is The Great Deceiver, Beelzebub, the devil!
There seems to be an outbreak of "lithobolia" at the White House that nothing short of a total cleansing will cure! And an exorcism for Trump is necessary right away!
Cockroaches under estimated will of Americans-Dem&Rep elected POTUS to #MAGA Fight with accomplices in Chinese coup attempt against US gov if fight with Muelerosity #MAGA #Trump #news #fridayfeeling #NHLBruins #blockchain #BlueWave2018 - is narrative of PC Gestapo #FridayFeeIing
Retry Google translate please
Trump's assault on the American justice system continues and will only get worse.
People are being fired for wrong doings and you say Trump is assulting our Justice system . Have been paying attention. Or are you being brainwashed

Need a better INSURANCE policy
#FAKENEWS......they were fired!    Once again the swamp is being drained ... #MAGA
You seem to know more, exactly why were they fired?
Trump will push out all of the good people till he gets only people that will follow his corrupt agenda! Hurry Mueller! (maybe they can get their jobs back once Trump is gone).
@MSNBC Sad
The rats begin the swim.
Twisted lead-in referencing trump. Why not reference their treasonous acts?

I’ll answer myself... because you are a pathetic biased org!


They should have been Fired and prosecuted
Resigned my ass, prison is where they belong
The rats are running scared before the report comes out thinking they won't be prosecuted.
And the inspector general, who was appointed by Obama. 

Your ignorant viewers are in for a rude awakening when that report comes out.
Here’s an interesting report, you fraud @RepStevenSmith
They should be shot for treason along with comey lynch Rosenstein clapper Clinton and Obozo
So surprising that someone so batshit crazy doesn't have more followers. 
these people will be indicted for there role in the fake dossier and the fisa abuse.More agents will be quitting due to the IG report that will expose there corruption on Hillary and http://more.New  evidence came out and this will be added to
Why aren’t they@former fbi under@coney on@mueller list?
good
They should face charges for Subversion.
Criminals 
They are criminals
"Attacked by Trump?" Really? THATS how you're spinning this? Well I mean at least you put something out there, it's crickets over at @CNN
Don't leave town......arrests are imminent.
Thank God. Get the corrupt people out of there!
#DeepStateCorruption dissolving
Correction: Two former aids to @Comey who were part of his plot to undermine the Democratic electoral process resigned knowing they are about to be wearing orange jumpsuits.
This thread is loaded with #kremlintrolls
Wow @MSNBC !!! Your leftist bias is really showing with this headline. “Attacked by Trump”? Are you kidding? These 2 idiots were blatantly bias in the execution of their duties as @FBI agents and should be arrested. Just wow.
Resigned or fired? 
Tick Tock. Prosecute them
Let the purge begin.
The FBI is dropping like flies.
#TrumpBrokeMe.... because we were actually trying to break him....but he is a winner. Listen, we aren't having it anymore. Rosenstein, Strzok, Mueller...you're next you traitors to democracy
Is this the purge a la Kim?   https://www.politico.com/magazine/amp/story/2018/04/30/what-kim-jong-un-wants-from-trump-218115?__twitter_impression=true …
Trump is using harassmentto make these aids quite,  ( maybe sue Mr. Trump) for selective harassment.
So hilarious!!!! The false MSNBC narrative that they have foisted uopn the American public for over a year is disintegrating from within its rotten core.
Buh..... Bye.

Don't resign fight back. Our democracy needs to be fought for now more than ever.
MSM spreading FAKE NEWs that they were pushed out.....   they left because they are worried about being arrested and failed their “at all cost” assignment to get Trump!!!!



House of cards starting to fall apart

RT if you agree that it is an absolute DISGRACE that Trump was in Michigan last week & NOT ONCE did he mention the drinking water CRISIS in Flint.…
Why tho? They didn’t do anything wrong.
Couldn't Mr. Rosenstein just tell us when we need to get involved? If we knew which republican committees to call, fax or message.
Hahaha. The HEAT is on. As it is the FBI doesn't want to release all the messages between Page and her fellow agent lover, Peter Strzok. Must be something the FBI can't afford Congress seeing. 
Draining the Swamp!
It's no fun being a Republican.
It is about time
The swamp drains just a little more.
Thought: Compared to the swampy crooks Trump has gifted the country with..... These two are are no more than circus clowns entertaining each other.
Should have been fired before they quit. Both of these characters are lower than !
RUN!!  The IG is coming!!
Ukraine has frozen cooperation
w/Mueller’s investigation in order to appease Trump. Ukraine is at the center of the case against Manafort
https://mobile.twitter.com/crewcrew/status/991781902611812353 …

[[[ What Was Speaker Paul Ryan Doing in Prague 3 Weeks Ago?
https://mobile.twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/986768204075679744 … ]]]
You’re headline is so misleading. How about mention the insurance policy text message.
12 DOJ/FBI officials have been removed,retired early, demoted, transferred, indicted and fired 
For their part in the Clinton Email or FISA scandals 

But the MSM would rather push stories about Porn Stars
Strzok more than Attacked Trump.
He helped write the Hillary Clinton exoneration 2 MONTHS before they interviewed her and staff.
They should run for office
So glad I’m surprised your even reported on it where have you been for all these months they are corrupt everyone of them I pray they are all indicted comey mueller rod and Lynch Hillary and Obama drain the swamp you need to start watching Fox News

Trump is ruling by intimidation a freaking bully
Good riddance!
Finally!
Good maybe i want have to see her horse teeth anymore.
It’s about time!  They should have been fired!
too busy sexting I guess
Yet, Trump still has a job? Please!
Yup. #MAGA
Good..they suck
So sad.
Bye bye
Spin this one Liberals. #LisaPage
Good riddance traitors
Why is this happening?
Because the inspector general knows exactly what she has done
