DumptRump & his cronies can’t even lie well. They r trying 2 convince his base that there is no campaign violation cuz Cohen paid Daniels via DumptRump’s slushy fund but DumptRump had no idea what he was paying 4. So, how did Cohen even know who 2 pay w/o #DonTheCon telling him?
Dump the trump!
But Rudi said that Trump had approved his statements!!
You really don’t know what to believe anymore 3,001 lies so far.
Thanks Rudy  for your heartfelt passion on behalf of our President and the Laws of our Country. You are just what President Trump needs. God bless.
Dump the trump.
How does it feel Kaye Lloyd to lose so badly. 
What’s the conversion for Scaramuccis to Giulianis?
One to one.
"We love Rudy" "Rudy is a great guy" = The kiss of death from Trump.  Giuliani won't last past May.
Exactly
Agree
Reminder: Rudy was with Trump during the campaign, when "hush" money was paid out, and he was also on the Trump transition team. 
(I wonder if there were any discussions about what Cohen did with all the other money, in those transition team emails that the #Mueller team has.)
Probable Scenario:

Rosenstein to Mueller: "I want to make you a Special Prosecutor so we can get evidence to impeach President Trump but he hasn't done anything wrong. I don't know what to do"

Mueller: "Let me worry about that I will find something"

Rudy has been around the president since day 1, he’s been a top lawyer for a long time, to say he’s new and doesn’t know his facts is a bit of a stretch. Makes him out like Rudy is an 20 year old intern with no experience. So many lies they forget what’s the truth
Your right.
Trump’ NewTVLawyers got CaughtUp taking Trump’ legal advice
& OnSchedule, Giuliani thrown UnderTheBus 
#Price4DTSupporters
#DeadlineWH
A dancing monkey would be more effective than rudy

You.
Rudy Guiliani is continuing to act like the Secretary of State not his personal attorney. Not even the Attorney for the WH.
There were at least 5 lies just in that short interview. Lier.
Translation: "He forgot the the lie I told him to say during the rehearsal" Sound about right @realDonaldTrump ?
He looks like warmed over death. 2 horsemen, so far. Pompeo easily could be third. Who's the fourth? In a surprise twist, it's Trump again (of course) - but in a Sean Hannity mask, ala Mission Impossible!
"Rudy is great. We love Rudy. But he just started working on this yesterday." - Trump. But "yesterday" was a DAY AFTER Rudy went on #Hannity. Is this any way for a #StableGenius to run things? #RudyGiuliani
Rudy was a great man BUT in the last couple yrs he’s been losing it, Rudy retire.
What would you do if you actually had to do real journalism and cover it
w/o obvious bias? Oh, I forgot, you're not really a journalist. Just another douchebag interjecting/spewing your bullshit because of your vile hate for our Great President and hate for America and progress.
You saw Giuliani made the statement right? And you saw Trump making the counter statements. Which part hasn’t gotten into your brain?
Giuliani says the country wouldn't tolerate "sweet" Ivanka getting questioned by Mueller. Not true. Only Trump's base would care. That's not even half of the population.
She fair game!
Someone is lying.... and it could possibly be all three.
My bets on all 3.
It sure did.
Trump and Giuliani - Too many Lies leads to brain rot and buffoonery.
@GOP, are we gonna impeach Trump now or are you still pretending to be a fool... or maybe you are.
the lawyers have come out on this and it seems the media does not know campaign laws.We are looking good more has been done due to the president doing his job while media finds things they can lie about
..whose side is Rudy Giuliani on??
1 Scaramuchi = 10 Giuliani!  Mathematical proof will be available soon!
Trump to Rudy:  “Go stand on that rug!”
Then to Pence, Kelly and Pompeo:  “You three, now pull that rug a hard as you can!”
Rudy is now the poster boy for the second dumbest lawyer in NY.
I guess the only thing left to do...is just scream.
Rudy is there to make noise.  His words don't mean anything

Yeah he's just started testing which lies will work and which won't
Legal circus?? 
Oh spectacular in the fact know one cares about this.
Special  special  special —- code for: Rudy F-kd me up .. I’m desperately trying to lie my way out of it , like I do DAILY .
All they need now is a special W.H. assistant to squirt seltzer in their faces.
When you're Crazy and have a Crazy Friend @foxandfriends

Oh for fucks sake how can people still support this mofo
Not as big as the speed bump in Alexandria that rattled team Mueller's cage today. @nicolewallace has no intellectual bandwidth beyond her mean spirit.
Ugh
MSNBC groupie , regurgitating MSNBC curd.
Bahahahaha! They can’t get out of their own way!!
This news network is the lowest in viewership because they LIE about verything

Aka. “He told the truth and forgot to get the lie straight. But he’ll learn. We’ll get our lies straight”
I'm really starting to think Ole Rudy got some revenge.
Trumps mental. Do you think he thinks anyone will believe it?
When pathological liars collide...
It's Friday....Do we hear "Rudy, You're FIRED!!!"??? @maddow get ready to add another name to that board...
I love him in there as mini-ringmaster.  Very creative and so funny.  How many days will this last.  Will he be nominated for atty. general?  Unfit at any speed.
Fill him in on your lies, oh ok
Rudy just doesn’t have his lies straight yet!
Rudy and Trump are thick as thieves.
This is more like a ten ring circus---with some of rings to  serve solely as distractions from the real tragedy to what's happening to civil rights, voting rights, environment, and right wing take over of the judiciary.
How weird is it for someone’s lawyer, who is KNOWINGLY not yet privy to the facts, to make an initial contribution to the discussion by specifically contradicting what their client has claimed?
Giulliani is either an EPICALLY dumb lawyer or he hates his client.
Better a circus then a do nothing 8 years!
President NO COLLUSION  tells Rudi what to say then when there are problems blames it on Rudi. What a guy !
Who would have seen that coming?
The @realDonaldTrump threw how lawyer under the bus today.  The only loyalty is to #Trump #ThrowThemUnderTheBus #LoyaltyNoLoyalty
It’s stunning how Trump makes up an entirely different story Every Day!
This administration. 
Lie after lie after lie, a giant Ponzi scheme of lies
trump thinks Giuliani is great because they’re both assholes,
@IvankaTrump should not rely on Rudy'sLearningCurve* & his "charger & lance" to help her.
#Rudy 's curve, charger & lance seem to have already failed 3 (THREE) marriages.
(I went there)
This guy trump picks people who are just as bad as he is.Hey Rudy your on tape and theirs no Do over.
That's some great wordsmithing right there, @NicolleDWallace! Keep up the good work.
Rudy's real special alright
Traveling in Europe for work and live-streaming your show from Ireland. Can’t miss it!
Giuliani can't shut his big mouth. He's like a moth to a flame.
its just a circus !!! all these hustling clowns need to just go away 
@realDonaldTrump 
#cohen
#Giuliani 
@tedcruz 
@marcorubio 
#carson

they are hustling every chance they can get 

its a damn reality show everyday ! 

making a mockery everyday
Two months from now:  ‘Rudy was, as it turns out, working with the Special Counsel and using our friendship to get inside scoop’.
Your show @DeadlineWH is MUST-SEE tv. My husband and I NEVER miss an episode!
Circus metaphors! God, do we need circus metaphors in the age of Trump.

Today Rudy Giuliani stuck a size 40 bright red shoe in his mouth, while seemingly gagging on the bulbous toes, managed to spray seltzer down the pants of Trump's legal case, and possibly his presidency...
Judy judy judy , nana na nana hey hey good by!
It looks like a bunch of monkeys trying to screw a football unfortunately America is the football
Your relentless airing of sleazeball attorney Michael Avenatti has turned your network from a mere DNC-controlled joke into a tabloid network.
I believe the bump was the bus rolling over old Rudy !
Why are journalusts talking in front of these noise walls with flying helicopters. So disrespectful. Potus can play he can' t understand a question. My Goodness. Come on American Journalists- fight!!! For real answers- time- press meetings.
Are you concerned that Rudy is getting the same fascinated media attention as Trump during the campaign, a joke, a diversion, a freak show? But a ratings maker. I am. Feels similar.
He started 2 weeks ago and he said he would have it all shut down by now.
I'm just wow'd by what seems to be new strength in Trump's flossy hair strands.
Hi Nicolle and speed bump it was he open his mouth and put his feet and the TRUMPYS feet in at once. I think this was all planned for show. I think THE RUDY and THE TRUMPY planned this as a BLAND to through smoke on the picture.
Most probably get this but I blv @realDonaldTrump brght in #Giuliani to hv a fallguy so he can #Resign
His #usefulIdiot status has lost its  4 #Putin & #KarmasComing 
#Giuliani is the perfect #clueless #buffoon
Hope Trump remembers to take @VP with him on his way out #Traitors
They are all lying liars. Can we please start calling them what they are??  Really.
Y'all can do it.  Big fat lying liars.
So sick of the truth being whatever is convenient at the time. The truth never changes and it is always out there. The truth shall percolate.
le théâtre de l'absurde..
YOU ARE SO RIGHT!! Worse than that if possible!!
May the Fourth be with You Nicolle
DEMS will face another surprise loss in the mid terms. They neither have a manifesto nor a strategy. Just being anti Trump won't cut it.
Rudy is "special " all right @realDonaldTrump 
#MAGA 

 GENERAL
FLYNN
 MANAFORT
 WILBUR ROSS
PRUITT
BEN CARSON
 STEPHEN 
MILLER

IVANKA WIFE
JARED
RUDY GIULIANI
SARAH 


 VP PENCE
DEVIN NUNES
FOX NEWS
KELLYANNE
DON JR.
ERIC TRUMP
JOHN KELLY
Trump :" Rudy you are a great guy, a special guy but you talked stupid things in fron of Nat TV. You are fired. "
I LOVE THIS SHOW. You need an additional 30-60" each day. *Sorry Chuck.
If the payoff to Stormy was to save @POTUS marriage to @FLOTUS, as @RudyGiuliani stated on TV, and assuming Trump wanted to save his marriage, why did Trump sleep with Stormy? Does that make sense to anyone?  How about you, @seanhannity?  Can you answer THAT question?
This is a man who makes a habit of cheating on his wives and divorcing them to marry the woman he cheated with. He wouldn’t give a shit.
Pure BS as usual
Rudy just started and he doesn't have the facts (lies) straight. Trump's crap swamp is the size of the Everglades and Okavango Delta together!
Keep misleading the public.  You can all be really depressed in November because all you did was talk about him.  Nothing positive about what Dems might do
Circus ? Here ya go ...
Wait just a moment. If he didn’t have the facts, why did they allow him to go on the “hard hitting” Hannity show and discuss the case at all? They are making a mockery of our nation!
The Stormy Daniels' porn channel. If only she had some way to get attention and make money...oh, wait.
No it did not. Good luck trying to make it sound that way.
@realDonaldTrump YOU ARE SPECTACULAR!!........ly incompetent and dishonest.  And you basically admitted that former NYC Mayor Rudy Guiliani is your new WH intern.  I mean, the stupid don't fall far from the stupid tree. #MayThe4thBeWithYou but NOT the 5th (amendment).
Isn’t the biggest challenge that they are being truthful?  Trump didn’t know about the payment on AF1 and then made the payment after the raid on Cohen to keep him as a friendly witness.
Delicious


That speed bump was RG’s body being run over by a bus being driven by Trump.  It is hard to imagine this level of stupidity.
Rudy is “learning the subject matter”? You mean like the Constitution?
Unlikely. It’s apparently not a high priority.
When will this orange jack-ass be done? Such an embarrassment!
Ha ha ha... it's only our democracy I suppose.
Is there ANYONE in this administration that DOESN'T lie 24/7?  Even when they talk in their sleep, they lie.
Bye-bye Rudy
What’s the name of this circus that we are paying for but we don’t want to see?



Trump is going to screw you over like he screws everyone else over. He will humiliate you and you will have sacrificed yourself for nothing.
They are such despicable liars!
Finally, Nicole, you're getting you the crux of the matter: the incessant lying by DT & those around him. Dig into that with not only Trump, but his Cabinet. They all think we are stupid; we're not.
-
Love your show, it’s really sad that the President makes a fool of himself almost any time he opens his mouth. I love this country as all Americans do and even if I didn’t vote for a particular President I never felt embarrassed by them. BUT THIS IS SCARY!
So is the Black unemployment.
For the benefit for Mr TRUMP there will be a show tonight, on trampoline. The GOP's will all be there sitting in their underwear what a scene. Over men & horses hoops & ladders blasting through a Hogs Head of real Fire. In the Flames Mr TRUMP will Challenge The World! Happening!
MSNBC is fond of countdown clocks. Perhaps a count-up clock for Trump falsehoods?
Hello @FLOTUS! Can you hear us now? GET OUT !
Also, at the end of the day and this weekend, Trump will still be under federal investigation (a situation made much worse for him by Rudy's recent comment).
Then there is this

Liberals Will still be Stupid after this weekend
Trump is having the time of his life:70+ year-old with more wealth than he can spend in his last years, all the attention he has ever wanted,and most importantly he can walk out at any time without a care in the world.  Trump still has not been made to feel uncomfortable.#redline
He followed the elephant act & I'm reminded of the episode when Bear Grylls squeezed & drank the juice from an elephant turd. That's the Trump equivalent of Kool Aid.

Ex-CIA director's advice: Do not serve this president !http://aca.st/246e1b  via @acast
Every single one of Trump’s rancid decisions&putrid behavior is for 1 single reason. He wants to become Dictator of America, that’s it. Has zero regard for checks & balances, just wants his way & his lies calling all the shots.These are such high anxiety times.
From the rubble of the World Trade Center to the rubble of the Trump presidency. How the mighty have fallen.
he'll be gone by the weekend.

Trump gave us a big gush of it today...
The gaslighting of America.
Rudy, you know I love you. Such a great guy. Now do me a favor and lie down in front of that bus over there. No, right in front of the wheel, please. That's it! Love you, Rudy.
I am actually enjoying this.
This is such a BS, he didn't start yesterday,HE KNOWS what's going on, these guys talk among themselves, they know & R on the same page. If Giuliani didn't know what he was talking about, it was very unethical 2discuss a case on national TV without knowing the facts first.
Not sure why you continue to invite Donnie Deutsch. His friendship with Cohen is not yielding anything newsworthy. Michael’s “disciplined” and Michael hasn’t done anything wrong, says Deutsch who’s looking more unsavory each day he “quotes” his buddy Cohen.
The gossip mongering is beneath you @NicolleDWallace
I think that Trump sent out Rudy do test out their theories and explanations of the truth that the public might believe. To me it looked obvious that is what they were doing, especially after Trump's praise of Rudy and Rudy being the new guy.
It’s all a game to Trump. He plays everyone. There is only on one person on his team, him.
What is your fake news topic today???

Getting 'facts' straight is something liars need to conspire to do. People who know the facts. Know the facts.
They're a complete clown car.
"It's just Rudy's first day, he'll get his facts straight. We simply haven't had time to sit down and sort through all our lying bullshit but soon we're going to pick out the best story and try our damnedest to stick to it".
In other words he got to get his lies straight

@DeadlineWH Rudy Giuliani Is A Crook
Giuliani is enjoying his turn in center ring because until now he had become irrelevant to politics. He believes what Trump believes, ANY media coverage is a good thing because it keeps your name in the public arena. 
Yep. Heard a comment a couple of days ago that the most dangerous place in NY when Rudy was mayor was between Rudy & a microphone.
Rudy Giuliani is no Olivia Pope.
We are now the country that everyone laughs at.
When you're explaining, you're not winning.  SO. MUCH. LOSING.
Trump to Giuliani: Rudy spend some time with Sarah , she has the lying thing down pat
Nope. He sent him to Kellyanne for some alternative facts.
The "SPEED BUMP"..........
https://twitter.com/TimOBrien/status/991887482537951232 … Outstanding snark 
and nominate Rudy G. for the Nobel 'Bonehead' Peace Prize #trump
The president of the United States, his top-tier, wily attorney, and Sean Hannity jointly confer about the legal tarpit they just created around the Stormy Daniels payment: 
