I really wish we could get back to being a normal country. 
Mueller is corrupt. He doesn’t care about this country. He just wants to impeach a sitting president that fired his corrupt friend, Comey. Mueller is a traitor.
How is he corrupt?  Facts, not your opinion.  If you don't answer I'll assume your a bot.
For all the Trumptards!
Trump gave me a noogie when we were in 2nd grade and paid me a nickel not to tell the teacher....can I get a Mueller interview?  It’s an obstruction charge at a minimum.
I see you have @AlanDersh on. I think you need to ask him why is he representing Harvey Weinstein. Unbelievable he’s allowed on air after all the accusations against Harvey.
alan dershowitz also represented epstein a child molester Richard Painter blows him away.


It's bad when I can't tell if that's a legitimate quote.
Nevermind
They’ll be questioning the groundskeeper from 20 years ago. Put an end to this farce of an investigation and stop wasting taxpayers dollars.
A Witch Hunt based on lies and you know it.
Admit it!!!!!
More characters than Big Brother (Oh Brother). We elected a reality TV show.
If you have close ties to Trump...
... are you worried about a knock on your door from an inquisitive investigator?
How much is this faux investigation costing American taxpayers?
Not nearly as much as Liar-in-chief charges taxpayers to go his golf resorts & properties nearly every weekend! It's not a faux investigation - real guilty pleas, real corruption, real obstruction. The Trump mob crime family & cohorts are going down. The Truth will set us Free.
Stop Being So ass hurt over losing the election, you ppl are crazy!
Seriously?!?! We are NOT talking about the election!! We are talking about the extreme bad behaviors, corruption, and over 3,000 lies of Pres. Trump. He won the election, why can't he be a decent, law-abiding human being, instead of a Dictator??
Stop with the Trump derangement syndrome and get a life! The economy is booming and ppl are doing a lot better!
Witch hunt!
Ha! You wish !! Mueller has taken down mobsters before and that's exactly what trump and his entourage are!
I hope he goes to jail too.
Reading these comments are HILARIOUS!!!! THESE same people weren't defending Obama when ppl talked about him, his parents and friends. Obama's a terrorist... They thought it was a GOOD ideal... But because Mueller is being thorough it's a bad thing. #CryMeARiver
I would like to preemptively fire my soon to be attorney, Tom Barrack.

What’s his last name again?

Great, what’s next? questioning all Trump voters. The Gestapo will stop at nothing. Congress needs to pass a Law to protect us from this Megalomaniac Mueller Inquisition
I don’t understand why,@43georgebush , @JimmyCarter39th or @BarackObama just don’t work together and get @realDonaldTrump out of our top executive office. Those guys should help. I would say Bush 41, but he is recovering, but those other three need to save Americans now.
He's pretty dark. Sure it's not racist?
Is MSNBC seriously this damn stupid to ask these type of questions?   Perhaps, I'm not missing much, not listening to mainstream media.   Is Mueller saving Ivanka, Trump family for last? https://www.msnbc.com/weekends-with-alex-witt/watch/is-mueller-saving-ivanka-trump-family-for-last-1226460227559 … … via @msnbc
The Mueller team is going out of business.  DUH
A thorough job so the main stream media cannot dispute the findings....oh wait, they are the main stream media so they will dispute anyway when the findings are not to their liking.
Mueller is evil troublemaker..
#shutitdown - enough is enough, fire them all! We had had enough of his charade. It need to end now!
Is Barron Trump next????
A true witch hunt. Mueller, Coney and Rosenstein are heading up this Deep State witch hunt. Sessions needs to step up and fire Zmueller and Risenstein
Man you're getting trolled like CNN does from trumps weak ass following.

Too bad even judges know Mueller is conducting a witch hunt
Soon they'll want to interrogate his 4th grade math teacher.. Judge said the Mueller team LIED. Where's toy story on that ? Hacks
More fake news
Trump supporters think the Rusia investigation is a farce, a witchhunt. The investigation on Hillary been investigated by the FBI & GOP no crime was found still the Hillary haters not satisfied. Her investigations went on longer than current investigation with many guilty plea.
we have massive corruption in the democratic party that started under Obama.Meuller has been called a liar by a judge that went off on him for using Manafort to get to the president.Meuller has to show proof he has unfetted power

Geezer with a mic in his hand -
trump "friend"√
@MSNBC It's Mueller Time
F Muller


Barrack!?
I guess a great economy, N.Korea on bended knee, unemployment lowest since "73, lowest for blacks, and Hispanics ever, lowest for women in 15 years," New trade deals coming with China, aren't as important as someone else, called in to talk about a fairy tale.
Thank Obama for the economy. And N Korea now has a seat at the table.
Mueller is getting paid by Dems who want smoke screens hiding Hillary and Obama crimes. Americans see the corruption in the justice department and will vote GOP to crush these criminals who are supposed to be defending us. @TheJusticeDept @USAGSessions @FBI @StateDept @POTUS @VP
They are closing in orange monkey . Start packing now
Really st w qqqwq q we
(noose tightens)

Why don't u call it what it is the MUELLER MAFIA!!!! If u don't give up something they will start cutting off appendages or relatives, like Flynn's son, or Papadopolous fiancée,  U Fake news are complicit in corruption of American Justice system!!
Oh now I recognize him.
Witch hunt.
They are really trying hard to push that false narrative.  Sad.  
Barrack is grandson of Lebanese immigrants. . .
Mueller team questions longtime Trump friend Tom Barrack https://on.msnbc.com/2KBkKL0 
