Just another lie by Donald Trump, only this time viewed and heard by millions of people. How do you trust this guy, ever?
Oh what a tangled web we weave , when  practice to deceive
Just another lie by Mr. 3000 plus lies. Going to 7 lies per day. How can a thing like it being in the WH. Something like it should be in a mental institution. What worries me more are those who voted for him.
@MSNBC, just watch some of Stormy Daniels's porn movies and get it out of your system.
Says you?
this is not true and we have the proof to say the media is lying
Yes he did. Nothing gets done without the Mob Boss’s approval
Cohen used an equity loan to pay Stormy Daniels the $130,000 hush money. He had also borrowed $774,000 (WSJ) more in home loans during the 2016 campaign. This looks like he was using these loans in an effort to hide these payments from the FEC.
Racketeering club!
I am still more worried about those fucking lawmakers that used OUR money to pay off complaints of sexual misconduct with. Trumps money doesn't concern me.
We know.
Stop the witchhunt stop the propaganda stop the anti-American sentiment
So, planes are loud.  He didn’t hear the question properly.  Regardless, who cares.  This all occurred prior to being in the WH, unlike Clinton and his abuse of power and the office on an intern.
Of course he did. Should we be surprised? Everything out of his mouth is a lie, or something to build up his massive narcissistic ego.
@realDonaldTrump #LiarInChief
Unfortunately for the #Resistance lying is not a crime.
Nobody gives a crap
I thing anyone with common sense knew that.
Really???  No...lie???  No...
Who cares.  He had sex w a chick.... not illegal.  BTW- 10 years ago. It wasn’t in White House and he wasn’t president. Payoff- not illegal.
You can keep your healthcare!
Trump really must think the world is soooo stupid & that he IS only the smart one.  Trump only got away with all he did in the past because he kept himself just enough under the radar.  AS PRESIDENT,  OOOOPS, WE SEE YOU!
Duhh
Tiring and no one cares!
Trump is a liar.
Who cares?  Why not talk about Mueller being rebuked by judge.  We had enough of your bs. Let our country prosper under @realDonaldTrump.  The truth shall set us free.   @FoxNews @SaraCarterDC @seanhannity
WHAT THE FUCK DOES THIS HAVE WITH RUSSIA COLLUSION ?
Thanks,Prez Obama!
Don't care

No russia collusion!! The hoax is over. Now, a porn star is the everyday news from the fake news!!!
MSNBC do you know about the fact that unemployment fell to its lowest 3.9% since 2000?
And we care, why?  Was that part of Russia probe
We all knew that the day he denied it. He’s a terrible liar.
Get an education in the English language, #MSNBC and #Swalwell: #POTUS  #Trump said he did not make the payment and did not know about it then.  He did NOT say that he did not learn about it later and repaid it. If  you read English properly, you can see the difference.
Really?  I’m shocked!!
Trump’s knowledge of what Cohen and others have done or are doing is a given. He knows exactly what he’s asked others to do for him, including Giuliani’s recent “news info.”
So what is illegal here exactly?  Nothing?  Yeah thought so.
Should take the blinders off. I can name three things off the top on head.
I could care less
Then why you here?
Was their a crime committed here Ah no, so what's the big deal, this was 10yrs ago, Fake News you got nothing but a Witch Hunt
Ya we all should have a Russian puss party.
What's new? Everyone knows he's a liar. The biggest and best liar! Small in other areas as Stormy can probably attest to...
Wow, the prostitution act of Stormy, one night and she got 130,000.00. What is she complains about!
Any bets on how long before we see a retraction again?
And who told the person who says Trump knew about it ? Was it the ghost from Xmas past ?
Sun sets in the west! Sky is blue! Water is wet! Are we just saying obvious shit!
Trump is a LIAR!
We voted for him because he's a great businessman!

Your great businessman has a lawyer who's only job is to funnel hush money to people who have credible stories of his evil deeds. 
Is he really a great businessman? Or do you just see the results of hush money?

It's not so much he's a compulsive liar but that hes a depraved human being with no morals and can never be trusted. If Congress had any morals themselves they would remove him from office. Sadly they lack such turpitude.

Is anyone surprised he lied?

it's not even remotely believable that a stable genius who who faked his how doctors note somehow forgot he paid his long time lawyer $130000 to cover up a porn star affair and didn't know he did it until a week and a half ago

Obama lost 17k manufacturing jobs in his final year and said they were never coming back. Trump added 300k.
We DONT CARE ABOUT STORMY

Nice try NBC, your coup d'etat has failed
Like all good things must come to an end. Who will he screw next. All of us?
He Is a lying Trump and a leaker. He is actually what he call Comey
Yep!!! We KNEW THAT!!! Millions of us already knew that!
Is this bad or good? As I understand the best scenario would be if he learned about it after Cohen's payment was made, but before paying Cohen. Then #MichaelCohen is still on the hook for campaign donations and #Trump still gets to be on the hook for money laundering or whatever.
Who really believed trump was unaware of the payoff to Stormy Daniels? Trump lied then and continues to lie every time he speaks.  Stop sugar coating it for this guy and call him a habitual liar.  Stop being distracted by all the different stories and understand he is losing.
is this a crime or news?
it's a crime cited by a presidential candidate and therefore also news
Paying hush money?
lying about it on federal financial disclosure forms required by law

rudy boy admitted 4 days ago it was hush money to shut up damaging accusations immediately before the election. God you people are stupid. His own lawyer says he paid a porn actress morn than a hundred thousand dollars to keep quiet about it but you need more proof
Lady - inspired to make us horny under witness protection program. Will testify on mechanics led to breaking in offices of POTUS'S lawyer. Muelerosity served by Mafioso Avanati&fraud against General Flynn. Rosenstine already earned place for correctional services #news #BREAKING
Gibberish. 
This is the least surprising thing I've read today...and the cup for my Peanut Buster Parfait literally said "May Contain Nuts".
False he did not know about the lump payment, only the retainer he paid and the general info regarding the matter where a porn star was trying to extort him. 

Either way it has nothing to do with the election or any one’s biz unless we’re going to invest all Dems too.
he literally said on air force one he had nothing to do with it . So either the lawyer is lying or trump is.
Nope he said he didn’t know about the payment. He was not asked was the guy on retainer. 

Trump didn’t pay a lump sum. He paid him over several months and for well over 130K so it is very likely he didn’t know about that specific individual payment.
the financial genius didn't know who he paid? You can't be that stupid
Of course he knew Cohen was paid. What part aren’t you getting he paid him over 400K for various work. He was an attorney on retainer just like I pay mine. I don’t know every charge you get a statement.

It would be different if there was a single payment for that amt.
what? How stupid are you? You don't know what you're paying for?
Will he paid an attorney on retainer. I do the same. I have no idea each charge until after the fact. 

You’d have a point if it was a single payment for that amount but there is no such animal. 

Plus there’s an NDA prohibiting him from talking about it.

Who gives a !!! #NoMSM #FakeNews #ProjectMockingbird 
#RussianCollusionHoax
#FakeDossier #FisaAbuse
#ObamaGate #Pedogate #Pizzagate #Pedovour #Adrenochrome
#TheGreatAwakening
#Treason #MilitaryTribunals 
#POTUS #LockThemUp
Just ppl with morals.
"abroad Air Force One"?
I hope your fact checker is better than your grammar checker.
the air force one comment was heard by every journalist on the plane
Yeah but he will never be a great president until he lies under oath!! ...I...did not...have sex... with that woman....miss Lewinsky
lying while not under oath about violating several of the ten commandments is OK as long as you're not under oath?
#NoShitSherlock
Unnamed sources?

Heres a news story WITH sources
Corruption runs deep.
Enjoy the Nobel prize
Who cares. Get a life
Ya presidents dont need morals or tell the truth. They just need to feed their donors and screw the poor.
His tell for lying is a slight rise in inflection in his voice... almost like he's getting ready to ask a question.
Really? Trump lied about something???

Wow.

What's the world coming to when you can't trust what Trump says, amirite?
As they say, MSNBC. You have a firm grip on the obvious!
We dealt with Obama’s lies for eight years.
trump lied for half of those years and said obama was born in kenya
Obama didn’t have every news network known to man, fact checking him with every sentence uttered.
yes he did. He had fox news calling a Muslim every day and Sean hannity and Glenn Beck claiming he was building concentration camps
Not to mention Trump has lie on average to the public 6 time a day. More than all the presidents and Congress put together in the entire history of America. Do some DD.
Link your source.
You first. Acually dont bother theres no sence talking about it. Your mind is set. And no im not a democrat or a republican. I'm and independent mind who can see the writing on the wall.
Old news
sorta like bill Clinton infidelity 10 years earlier
Is no media outlet going to ever use the words “Trump lied” in a headline? Asking for a friend.
Water is wet!
Of course, he did.
