@MSNBC #FirePruittNow
Medals
 I'm getting my news from comedians they are more honest. 
Ugh. He has the demeanor of a man who feels that he deserves every penny he stole. No, you don’t. When you’re taking the yellow bus to the work farm remember how you ripped off America. And invest in some soap on a rope. You look soft.
"Metels!"  MSNBC at it's finest. Guess correcting @POTUS  is over.
MEDALS not metals as in steel, aluminum, etc.
Some serious work needed on spelling, folks. May I suggest attn to: metal/mettle/medal for starters.
Proofreading is definitely a lost art.
…Pruitt through the EPA is costing buckets of cash to Democrats just as they did to Republicans over the past 8 years.

They are gunning for Pruitt with trumped up charges because he’s literally kicking their teeth in.
#EPA = Enrich Pruitt Always
the swamp and deep state are in for one big surprise when we all get out and http://vote.No  ethics claims are found to be true,Media has a problem of putting the truth out when the democrats are behind the smear job.Hayes is one big liar in this
Enough already... why isn't this fellow in prison?
Medals. 
Tighten up, MSNBC.
Medals
So,  is he the next one you guys are going to try to destroy?
How is Pruitt still at EPA?
"metals" wth? I think u mean medals.
Metals?

Shut Off Ridiculous MSM Fake News Propaganda
WATCH LIVE: 
President Trump Speech at NRA Leadership Forum
Must See:
BOMBSHELL: The investigation stacked with Democratic donors and anti-Trump agents exposed in Strzok texts, have been lying and seeking to target Trump according to a Federal Judge.

It’s time for the cards to fall.
Metals? 
As if other politicians haven't done the exact same thing. The media just hates this administration so has done everything they can to sabotage them.
Perfect time to get rid of him and that bureaucratic department.
Did @realDonaldTrump write/proofread this?
Medals

Yo, where’s your proofreaduh?
MEDALS
Pruitt needs to be in jail along with the other scum bag Trump
but Scott Pruitt does have that cool cone of silence...... #getsmart

@SenateGOP  who can rack up the most violations in the history of the government.
He's the head gator
Obviously Trump "rote thuh parte wher tha werd metals wuz writ."
What?? 
Why this guy is not out on his ass is beyond me. Oh, right...GOP slimeballs and Trashy Trump are his backers.
Why is he still there?
the uninvestigated life is not worth indicting
This guy is almost WORSE than DT, if that's possible! He needs to be removed and JAILED immediately! Then we need someone in the EPA who gives a damn about the planet!!
Only in a #TRUMP lead White House could this happen and continue.  This guy should have had his bags packed and thrown to the streets months ago.  He is committing fraud against the American people, so can't we get this guy some jail time?

Why does Pruitt still have a job?
Metals? Spell check it
also if Pruitt took a bong rip, it would be cooler than anything he has accomplished to date.
Medals?
Or medals
*medals #faknews
