
also known as #TrumpWater
Also known as #poison
The best predictor of future behavior is past behavior. He should never have been allowed anywhere near our government, in any way. He's a two bit con man who thinks he's more than he is. News flash, money doesn't make a man.
Absolutely Joy - I've said before he is a career criminal
@realDonaldTrump lies about anything and everything.  He is never to be believed.  It’s that simple.
https://www.factcheck.org/2017/12/the-whoppers-of-2017/ …

So many lies...
Obvs he's a liar - the fact that it doesn't seem to matter is far more concerning.
The only time Trump lies is when his lips are moving
Lol...how ridiculous. All of a sudden Democrats, the ones who pushed Hillary of all people, hate a possible lie. How about lying to get a fisa warrant, how about making up a totally fabricated dossier, spying etc... the list can go on for days

Even after his spin on personal,sickeningly graphic enough, count on the line shifting  to a worse, less professional version.   My fear is that he delivers smoke and mirrors for Republicans quietly lining their pockets.  My other fear is that he believes every word he utters.

Trump, Jeff Sessions and Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Some Americans may believe Trump but rest of world, including our closest allies don't: that is threat to National Security.
Explain, Please!

LOL!

LMAO!
The 3,000+ documented lies he's told since he started also support that assumption.
He is incapable of truth.
He’s blackmail bait, bigly.
Finally! That Enlightening Moment!                                                     The Emperor Has No Morals & He Lies.

I wish I could RT Swallwell million times
If @realDonaldTrump TRULY has never been part of conversations, activities, or cash payouts as he alleges about EVENTS IN HIS PERSONAL LIFE, he truly is a clueless moron who doesn't care enough to have any idea of what’s going on around him. And now he's president.
Explain More!
You really should get "on a hunt today" for information.
That’s not just safe to assume or likely, but no doubt about it. This guy has lied about everything. There was a conspiracy with Russia, he, family & campaign were involved. He has been obstructing Justice since story broke & all during the investigation.
MSNBC is a  For Profit Corporation. If enough of us Tweet them letting them know we would like a Daily News Update of #DocumentedTrumpLies they might do it. I'm not holding my Breath but it's worth a try.
And we can assume he will lie under oath, because it would not be the first time for that either.
This Is Dispicable, Very Sad! All True??
Absolutely,  every word out of his mouth is a lie, especially when he says "believe me",
The Russian collusion is just a diversion. Trump is quite possibly the most disgusting person ever known to any civilization
Yet, when he's created more than 600,000 jobs, cuts taxes, stops illegals from coming into the US... I cannot possibly sit here & name every single accomplishment. I can think of other disgusting people. Trump may not be a saint, but he's a damn good President. #MAGA
Then of course there are all the OTHER things he's lied to us--We, the People, HIS EMPLOYER, a.k.a., the constitutional sovereign--about since he's taken office...at a rate of over 1,000 PER YEAR:
Even if you use a MUCH stricter standard of what constitutes a 'lie,' our #MisleaderInChief is, literally, off the charts.
Hell, if he had a comfort dog, he'd abuse it! Look at this!
There is no shred of reasonable doubt thatvhe is not lying about any number of things on a daily basis. #LiarInChief
Where is the collusion? Are you just going to continue to believe what MSNBC tells you or are you going to do your own research?
Is that what I posted about? No? Hmmm. If trump is the answer, how stupid is the question. More importantly, how dumb is the supporter asking it. Hope that clears things up for you.
@RepSwalwell INVESTIGATE: WI MI PA vote fraud #unhackthevote
1. Same -1% win in each after trailing on election day
2. 5000 fake Trump votes found: WI
3. More votes than voters: WI
4. Machine counters flipped Clinton votes to Trump 

FIND: Amber Cleveland Maggie Thomas
But Obama himself swore to YOU that there is zero chance of elections being hacked and no such thing as voter fraud.  I’m confused. Did Obama lie about the integrity of our elections or was he just nieve??  Which party said, before the election, that we MUST accept the results?
Obama, and the entire dickless gov't, are scared shitless of that mafia goon Trump. 12 Russians are dead surrounding the "dossier" No one wants to end up a carpet burrito floating in the East River or incite the armed white supremacists
Mueller's slow walk is all for them
Hey Swalwell - look at WI MI PA vote fraud. GO!!
Absolutely!  And thank you for using the word 'lying' and not sugar coating it with words like falsehood or misleading statement!
Agree! DT has no credibility, decency & cannot be trusted!!
#LiarInChief .  #AdultererInChief . #TrumpCrimeFamily
it's his whole MO, lie and repeat
Congress People who attached themselves to Trump, will soon be having a crash landing.
That's a pretty narrow statement. It's been firmly established that Trump will lie about absolutely anything, even if the lie can be easily disproved.
Of course he's willing to lie about Russian interference, Eric.
True.
@washingtonpost counted over 3,000 lies to date. He lies to us ALL THE TIME and about everything. IMO that's not honoring, but violating his Oath Of Office. He's a Public Servant. How does lying to us-regularly-serve us in any way? #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia
He is lying, his lips are moving....

I just love when resistors show how goofy they are with stupid memes and belief in just about any wild tale they are told. Keep up the good work.
The creators of Pepe the frog talking about stupid memes 

I think he's lying about virtually everything. If you asked Trump what he had for breakfast he'd probably lie about that, too and SHS would repeat it for him even after she sat there & watched him eat something totally different.
Yeah, he wouldnt know the truth if it looked like Stormy!
Why Trump talks economy in Ohio - liberals are reduced to porn stars and MUH RUSSIA - SAD
Yeah, since the market is down 3000, wages are stagnant and the jobs number is way lower than projected, plus tariff has hit Ohio.....oh, but he didn't tell you that, so guess it didn't happen...
If trumps awake, he's lying.
You can put money on it.
Absolute 
Well, it is NOT just ONE lie, since yesterday he Washington Post counted 3001lies or false claims! Nothing what he says or ever said is true or can’t be taken seriously,sorry! Putin money was Trumps lifeline since 2004,when he was broke again,so what does anyone suspect?
I expect law abiders to do their job and get him the he'll out of there. Mueller should interview Pence, McConnell, and Sessions. They could never keep stories straight. Subpoena J. Epstein, forgodsake!
HE STOLE A PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!

May be lying? Really? I’d say chances are 100% that he IS lying about Russia. Liars are gonna lie. Come on Eric, stop hedging, the truth is not in Donald Trump.
If McCabe and Comey we’re willing to lie to Congress...perhaps we should apply your logic to the Obama DOJ/FBI?
We need Republicans to step up!  @GOP

Will you help him finish this project so we can get over it I don’t have time to sit here and wait for someone to be buried


He lies about EVERYTHING!
He lies about everything!!
It would actually be a novelty for him to tell the truth.
If a man is willing to hurt his wife and family the way this one does chronically, I’m pretty sure he’d be willing to destroy the country and be home in time for dinner.
Give me a break.... Are you still fishing??? Rep Eric Swalwell........ This is so ridiculous.... You are wasting our Tax dollars on trying to take down Donald Trump!!! You may have some believing you but a Majority of Americans know this is B.S.....
And his health. How is that not a bigger story? He faked his health records and that should be a huge red flag.
Innocent people don’t act like he is.  He’s publicized his ‘guilt’ with his tweets. 
I think he likes to be in the limelight whether he’s right or wrong. Kinda like a narcissistic sociopath 
He’s lost all reality.
If the words don't add up it's usually because the TRUTH wasn't included in the equation- unknown  always the case with the swamp in WH
This is an excellent, succinct summary of both the need for, and the conclusion to be drawn from the Russia investigation. It punches through the fog of Trump’s multiple excuses, distractions and falsehoods to shine that sanitizing light on the reality of what occurred.
Gee ya think?
This is pretty valid honestly. We have no clue what happened yet but, there is some evidence of talks with Russians and things like that.
Ya think?
Y'all are *just now* figuring out that he lies?
Ya think?!?
Note how he mentioned what the people in Hawaii have been dealing with - the volcano and earthquake - not one word from that guy occupying the WH.
Oh hell no. It’s too late to pretend you’re seeing things clearly now. The pig in chief has been lying daily and now they are seeing it ? I call BS.

12 DOJ/FBI officials have been removed,retired early, demoted, transferred, indicted and fired 
For their part in the Clinton Email or FISA scandals 

But the MSM would rather push stories about Porn Stars
If @RepSwalwell is willing to keep a conspiracy theory alive that he knows to be false, then you can assume everything @RepSwalwell says and does is nothing but a lie.
Conspiracy theories don't get FISA warrants or a highly respected former FBI Director appointed as Special Counsel, with a team of 17 DOJ investigators to investigate. Conspiracy theories belong on Fox "News". MSNBC, other legitimate news orgs & patriots in Congress follow facts.
In this case it’s called a witch hunt. Even the federal judge in the Manafort case says Mueller is out to get Trump
Nixon called the Watergate investigation a "witch hunt" too. There's compelling evidence in the public domain that the Trump campaign had numerous, extraordinary and illicit contacts with Russians. You need to read more about the judge-reporters who cover the courts state... 1/
Sorry but you’re just wrong about this. For one, having contacts with Russians in and of itself is not a crime nor is it necessarily wrong. There’s been no evidence of anything illicit or extraordinary in the actions of the trump campaign no matter how much you wish it to be so.
@realDonaldTrump is a Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.  Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.  Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar
Of course he’s lying about that and a whole lot more.
Just the fact Stalwell is salivating on an 11 year old indiscretion. Shows the level of depth of hatred. What is the last issue you Stalwart have signed that had to do with American growth. The porn whore got paid. And you really need an intervention on your Russian addiction.
If paying off prostitutes for their silence is grounds for impeachment and/or removal from office, then that Swamp, Washington DC, is about to become a f’kn ghost town!
Um, no! SINCE (not if) he lied about colluding with the Russians,..I don’t care about the rest. #impeach #prison
Trump lies about all things great and small!
Captain Obvious
The layers of lies upon lies is staggering. He creates his own chaos simply by his own words & deeds. And the lies aren’t very creative when there is video & sound proof of the lies. He thinks people have the same memory function as he does.

Thank you @RepSwalwell
Ya *think*??!!!!!!!!
His next book will be #TheArtoftheLie!
Ya think?
April 5 Trump Said He Didn't Know On A Airforce 1 Intervuew! Lied!
He lies about everything. It was the way he ran his businesses and is the way he thinks everyone operates.  Impeach him NOW!
Literally! VOTE next elections and get the #Republicancancerout
Everyone KNOWS he lies all the time, but some either don't care or ignore it. He lied about Russia, his inauguration crowd, all his other affairs, Comey, his finances, his health...he fucking lies about everything. So why these ridiculous statements? OF COURSE HE LIED!!!
All he does is lie.
#LiarInChief 
Gee, ya think?
What do you mean “ perhaps”! Of course! A person who lies doesn’t just lie about one thing
There is no “may be”. He’s lying. It’s obvious. It’s what he does. He can’t help himself.
Where is the collusion?
 hilarious
The Washington Post has counted several thousand lies to date.
Are you insane, Hilary never told you the truth.   This guy is a guilt of treason
Eric is spot on!
#pattern
U are right
Love me some swallwell
I think the same thing
From campaigns to leadership his lying to his country & the people never ending..
He lies about everything.
And just about EVERYTHING in between 
@realDonaldTrump is a President that has to be fact checked, one that has tallied more than 3000 lies, the ONLY ONE that disparages his own party, Congress, top law enforcement agencies, celebrities, private citizens, etc, etc,, but continues to DEFEND and CONGRATULATE Putin! YEP
That's a reasonable assumption. Especially since he's been caught lying about any number of things.
Absolutely, he has lied to everyone including his family about what a louse he is, why wouldn’t he lie to anyone about anything & he has. Truth Matters.
It was obama and Clinton involved with the Russians, no one else
Yeap, the prince of lies, lies!
And literally everything
Definitely
And obviously he lied to his wife
Too late @RepSwalwell , at this point I don’t believe “Anything!” The @realDonaldTrump says anymore. All 45 is is a slumlord conman wannabe tyrant doing anything he can to ruin our democracy and enrich himself and his accomplices in the process. Must Impeach!!! #bluewave
Hell yeah
To most of us, lying to ANYONE is difficult and produces uncomfortable feelings of guilt! Lying is different for a sociopath! Because they have NO CONSCIENCE, they are not bogged down by feelings of guilt and freely lie with ease!
AMERICA, “we have a problem!!”
Compulsive liars have a lot of problems. Often signifies willingness to break other rules or laws. Zero credibility or loyalty. 
President Trump has made 3,001 false or misleading claims so far
Yes, Congressman Swalwell, that is exactly what I believe. It's been my impression since a week before the election. I just hope Mueller can prove it, and find it an unlawful Act!
Overheard In MSM Control Room: 

Floodgates? Ok... Open... 

What? 

Crickets? 

Clickthrough? 

Wha? 

Zero? 

Viewers? 

Zero?

WHAT???!!!!! 

Cut to Giuliani. 

(breathe) Ass Face.

(breathe)
What a Person with Treason on their mind does. 
When you want to be Dictator  in charge Tweet and Lie and Lie and Tweet 
Never Stop   so start calling 1 202 225 3121 Congress Every Day
#Treason  #Dictator  #TrumpCrimeSyndicate



Federal judge accuses #Mueller's team of 'lying,' trying to target Trump >
He's a clown
Loving
Sure
Trump lies about anything and everything. Nothing he says can be taken as truthful.
And people are becoming numb to it. The gaslighting is working.
Time for both parties to step up and put together laws that will protect the DOJ and any type if investigations that are needed. Laws to get campaign financing under control limited funds and VETING canadates who are not doing business with our enemies
Stormy!
I don't think he's lying about the payoff. I think he has so much money that he doesn't know where it goes.
You've never told a lie Rep. Swalwell? Hmm? Maybe someone should take a look into that. #glasshouses
Is Rep. Swalwell really saying that the FBI and Special Counsel are so inept that there is collusion but they they couldn't find it because Trump lied?  That's the story now?
I can’t wait for you to go into damage control mode when your watchers find out you’ve been lying about @POTUS his entire presidency. How are you going to explain Comey going to jail?
Dude do you remember Jon from Twitter? He was from Jersey and then they suspended his account like 3-4 times?
Lol umm no I can’t picture off the top of my head. Twitter has a thing for Jersey Conservatives I guess 
God, the way you people twist things is so sick. Since we found out Obama lied about getting all the chemicals weapons out of Syria AND knowing about Hillary’s private server does the same go for him @ericswalwell ?
Too bad, Fox have fed you that false information too much you have disconnected to reality
Sure... you live in fantasy land and I’ll be over here in reality 
Hmmmm...wellllll after  more than a year of investigation that Mueller has ZERO evidence of Trump Russia contacts that you claim yet your soooo set there is some how about you provide it????
And how in the world do you know that his final report is not out you know about as much as I do about the Russia investigation  unless you are inspector gadget
That would be AWSOME to be inspector gadget, you forgot about Penny & Brian.
Swallowell and Dr. claw-Schiff are privy to more information than we are from the testimonial of everyone questioned yet they give nooooo foundation to their accusations.
America. What happened to our values?  Are we really blind & stupid not to see and realize what is going on?  Or do we really not care? Can we not see what this is doing to rip the country apart?   Russians, payoffs, back room deals, lies.  We are better than that.  Much better.
It appears that you’re not
Because?
The only campaign that colluded with the Russians is the Clinton campaign.
Swallows well
So call in the military and have him physically removed from office. This is treason and if we allow it to continue, it may not be reversable.
Hilariousness

Russia helped trump win?

How exactly?

Didn't Hillary Clinton win the popular vote?
“He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it a second and third time, till at length it becomes habitual. He tells lies without attending to it, and truths without the world believing him”. Thomas Jefferson
For sure ! Lies are second nature!
I may be wrong but isn't the presidential salary/month around 35K? I guess he's donated his salary to Cohen.
And Bill did not inhale or have sexual relations with Monica lmao
Hmmm what did Obama lie about when he secretly gave Iran money?
What did Hilary lie about when it came to anything that she spoke about lol list is to long to type but to name a few  blackberry,email,Uranium,Clinton foundation...
Hahahahaha GOOD LUCK WITH THAT. 
MAGA 
Assume???? It is a given and proven fact that he lies about anything negative in regard to himself and his administration!
It's obvious he's either a serial lier or is in his own fantasy world, neither is a good place to be. 
#godsafetherepublic
If tRumps lips are moving, he’s lying. No misstatements, no “revisions”, no alternative facts. Lies. Plain as day, lies.
I don't see why he would lie over something that should not have happened nor seen the light of day.
He lies about everything!
You think? 
He bas paid half or more of the repubes guaranteed thats why they are twitlers ass.follow the money.
As reported by the NYT. Putin's Trojan Snake has lied over 3K times from the campaign to the present pain. Thus assuring him the title of Lord of the Lies! Surely an odious being that loves the smell of his own excrement.
Ya Think??!!  Where have you been since the election?
Oh, please...he's lied his entire public life.

ZERO EVIDENCE dude
#TheEnemyIsInTheWhiteHouse
Tell It! #TheEnemyIsInTheWhiteHouse
HE LIES ABOUT EVERYTHING!
Count on it. He lies when the truth would do better. He just lies to be lying. And the American people look the other way and let him get away with it. He’s not even a good president. The GOP just wants to hang onto power.
That is a stretch. Mueller has had a year. Maybe if DNC had turned over computer to FBI, we might be further along.
Ya think?
Duh!
This comment just proves they are only interested in taking him down when there is no evidence
Absolutely! Truman once said "A man that will lie to his wife will lie to me, a man that will break his marriage oath will break his oath of office"
Does this mean no “Space Force”?
No doubt in my mind..
Wow ya think? Just putting that together Einstein?
@ericswalwell Russian agent sitting behind the US ambassador at hearing? She had ties to fusion gps! So the @DNC @HillaryClinton  hiring a lawyer that hired Fusion GPS that hired a foreign company/ex  spy & got information from RUSSIANS!!? What about this? NO BIGGIE  Right??
Yep
Duh 
I would like Swalwell to prove President Trump was lying......... TERM LIMITS 
Oh get over it. Is this guy for real.
Look at all the snowflakes on here.. the same people that cried after the election!! Love it
See? What a disgusting liar Swalwell is. I thought people on these committees were supposed to be level and sober. These demoRATS are embarrassing
Lying is a part of his mo to take care of trump first
I think webcan assume that he's willing to lie to us about everything on a daily basis. Don't forget his dictated health report, his lies to get onto Forbes, probably his dictation of Don Junior's responses. There is clearly a pattern of lying that you can't not see, even blinded
Lets face the facts....he is a total liar, thief and con...destroying this country...an embarrassment to the globe!
That's the reason this payoff is important. I personally don't care who he has sex with and if he tries to silence them somehow. I do care that if he lies about it he probably is lying about important things.

@ericswalwell ... what no mention of taking people’s guns?
Here ya go @RepSwalwell read it and weep!!
YAWN. Boring fake news
He lies about EVERYTHING!  It really is not fair to us, the American people.
Anymore when I see a news tweet that invokes @ericswalwell I just scroll.  Epitome of empty suit.
