
TRUMP 2020
he is one of the most powerful lawyers out there then that mean Lawrence is not a journalist.
yes you are:
Thank you !!! We are intelligent people !! Hmmm guess who is not!!!
@RudyGiuliani
Trump hate drive NBC to get another MSM lie
boom
The Truth about Laurence is your not really a journalist you just mimic one on TV execpt very badly.
Isn't lawrence the dumbest person in the world
Giuliani is a fake, has been, Lawyer with a Liar as a client.
Fake news
'President heartbroken' Giuliani carrying on Trump's 'pity me' theme/So 'US government is committing all crimes'/Giuliani claims, but where's the government Trump so dearly wants to redeem/Chaos that Trump has created out of his 'cover up' plan can't bring clam or peaceful times
Just like you just play “journalist”.
Like your not really a journalist.
Says mr stop-the-f’n-hammering journalist
Who ever said you are a reporter?
And @Lawrence plays a journalist on TV.
Funny, since I can say the same about you as a newsman
Since when has he done what his attorney said to do?  lol
Rudy needs to study his “lines” so that he gets all the “facts” right on prime time...
That’s perfect enough for trump

• NBC News falsely reported Trump's lawyer was wiretapped
• CNN falsely reported Trump's son colluded with WikiLeaks
• ABC News falsely reported Trump told Flynn to meet w/Russians during the campaign…
Does he even do that?
Nothing But Crap.... More lies from the lowest form of rhino shit
Truth is that msnbc is not really news but acting like it on tv. — me
Love all the PM shows. Can’t we have an intelligent and measured early morning show?  After the horrible episode with Mikasplaining Michelle Wolf’s perfect smokey eye to fat and horribly disfigured, I can’t take her seriously.


So he really wasn't a US Attorney?

Liberalville has about 80 days left to heap praise and adulation upon the has been pornstar prostitute!

Rudy Giuliani is a shiester lawyer who turned 9/11 into a lucrative career.
The Suckers are your audience.
I see your "fan club" is busy. With defense lawyers like Guiliani who needs prosecutors. 'My clients guilty your honor'
msnbc is losing they're shi* now.    unwatchable for a long time now
Tabloid Journalism. Shame on MSNBC
If #MichaelCohen’s a “fixer,” #RudyGiuliani’s clearly a “ruiner.”
In the words of Ralph Kramden from the Honeymooners 'RUDY........YOU'VE GOT A BIGGGGG  MOUTH!!!!
Lmao

Want to know what Trump and Rudy are afraid of?  Why are they getting out front of the Stormy Daniels payment now?    How about other NDA agreements.  According to Steve Bannon in Fire and Fury - "a hundred" women
…
“The truth about Lawrence O’Donnell is that he isn’t a reporter, so don’t be fooled, he is an opinion Guy!” Lesson is he talks more about his feeling than he does the facts he uncovered, so everything isn’t a fact!
Rudy so full of himself thinking he has power.just making a fool of himself.keep it up maybe get Trump convicted
@Lawrence can you please wait your turn .. i aint asked yet why hemmit whats his name is allowed to play on both sides ...
He was an excellent prosecutor at one time although always a petty, misogynistic, spiteful bully. He seems to no longer have or at least no longer show his legal skills.
This is No Country For Old Men.
Your anchors are not journalists they are paid to humiliate and ruin peoples lives. And they praise those they have the same dirty standard. Fake news. Anchors that promote pornography. They place themselves lower than anyone that you can think of. Disgraceful and NO RESPECT.
And your not a journalist you just play one on TV (horribly btw) and have melt downs like a 5 yr old when you don’t get your way
Funny, he should probably then work as a “journalist” for Roth @cnn or @msnbc their journalists think they’re lawyers too

Geez. I can't stand him but he did prosecute The Commision in NY. That's pretty lawyerly.
Why is @lawrence always so insulting?  He belittles himself.
It is so easy for some liberal talking head hack to talk nonsense about people who actually do things in life
Sure. Fake news
That's funny because as a US attorney Giuliani had one of the most
winning records in history.

The only suckers are the people who watch Lawrence O'Donnell childish show
Being a US Attorney doesn’t count, I guess.
Well Lawrence your not a real journalist
I think the MOB would beg to differ.  What an idiotic thing to say.  MSM hack
I agree he love to b on tv
You’re not really a journalist, you just play one on TV.
Rudy is just a fat old goat desperately trying to be relevant like so many around donald
TV LAWYERS ARE THE BEST LAWYERS. HOW MANY CASES DID MATLOCK LOSE?
@CLewandowski_ @realDonaldTrump @GOP @DavidCornDC @davidaxelrod @chelseahandler @CharlesMBlow @RepSwalwell @RepAdamSchiff
Sorry Lawrence you can’t stop hammer time!
And very poorly at best.

Why hasn't #StormyDaniels been charged with blackmail? 
