@MSNBC Cutting Taxes Hurts The Economy
TRUMP TRAIN get on board of you like to work.
Where the fuck are these "jobs"?? I've been looking for years....mcdonalds jobs don't count...
In California
MSNBC is Stupid chicken little. Can't stand good news because GOP is in power. @realDonaldTrump
the media has become in a large part in this country no better then those in Russia and Iran, once they started playing politics and stop reporting on facts in a fair and balance style
hahaha down its fewer then expected, hahaha just being mis-leading again, first time jobs have been at 4 percent since 2000, but mis-lead on
Bet u @realDonaldTrump won't tweet about this
Always negative!  Sad
Funny how last night on the 11th Hour Brian Williams and guest were touting how journalists have to always be correct. And then NBC this morning has to admit it lied about Cohen wiretap. Karma is so awesome. Maybe Brian wasn't the right host for this particular segment.
Yes!...The Taxscam was really a Taxscam. Big Corporations have pocketed over 11Billion dollars in additional profit since. Job growth; down, Wages; stagnating, Prices of goods and services; Up
Waiting for another "correction".
Despite the good news, MSNBC will find a way to spin it in a way so Trump won’t get any credit
In August, 2012 Labor Force Partipation Rate was 63.5% in April, 2018 LFPR was 62.8%.  Here is what Trump wrote about the lower unemployment numbers for August, 2012. Holds true today.
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force & have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery, phony numbers
One good thing is so far Trump has not ruined the Obama Recovery.  Every chart you might want.

https://www.bls.gov/web/empsit/cps_charts.pdf …
The taxscam is to blame for this repubs made promises they had no intentions on keeping
Part time jobs without benefits. Sweat shops


yea maybe in your dreams.........
Because ppl lost their jobs woman, cause of bushes dumb war, he had to take care of the American ppl by any means, even if it was welfare, so what? He also increased the unemployment benefits as well ...what’s your problem? No money honey? Struggling?
lmao, not at all, and doing even better now that we have a President that is getting people off of welfare and food stamps.  You must be one of those that are afraid that your benefits will be taken away under this President.
Tricks and stunts
Thank you President Obama your outstanding leadership still shining thru..
Hidden Figures like jobs closing down.
Maybe the president , the congress that passed the stupid tax bill, and the policy makers in the cabinet don’t know what the hell they’re doing. Add some more tariffs PLEASE. For the workers!  /s/
And wages still low.  Can't grow economy on just wealthy tax cuts.
There are 1,000’s of job openings in the Phoenix area. Not high paying but a job. Not enough people to fill these jobs or not enough $$ to make it worthwhile?
Non livable wage jobs, part time jobs that pay no benefits, gig economy jobs where as you pay your own taxes... So much winning. NOT!
lol  guess we all could go on welfare then......
Pretty much what I didn't say... Not the brightest crayon in the box, are you. But, then again the bar is set very low for djt supporters.
"pretty much what I didn't say" 
donald and his minions are creating havoc with trading partners - markets not happy and should not be - also giving the fat cats and corps big tax cuts did not and will not result in any windfall for American taxpayers - that's the yarn spun by Kudlow and R politicians
Great economic news YET MSM still fuctioning pushing an agenda no longer journalists sadly..
Thanks obama for the down in stocks
Lol. You thank Obama for for down in stocks and Trump for Job employment. Who is the president again
When there’s a lying idiot in the @WhiteHouse that’s what happens

In April 2015, Under Obama, 223K, U.S. Economy Added 223,000 Jobs in April; Unemployment Rate at 5.4%
3 yrs ago. hmmmm
Better than obama!
