Here's what Pres. Trump said in April on Air Force One about the Stormy Daniels payment: 

Reporter: "Mr. President did you know about the $130,000 payment to Stormy Daniels?"

Trump: "No. No."
No, YOU take a look at what you said Mr. President. And write it down, so you don’t forget.
You're assuming he can read and write
Hope springs eternal 
At least give him a chunky crayon but make sure he doesn't eat it

If it’s non toxic, all bet are off
If it’s toxic, he should eat them anyway
I think he would simply because someone told him not too
"Go take a look at it. I never said what I said. And by the time you get back to me with proof, I will have crapped my pants and wiped it on Rudy's suit, and you'll forget all about the thing I said that I never said."

- @POTUS playing the MSM
Haha - nailed it
Yeah. So BIG kudos for that reporter for interrupting him and calling out his BS on the spot...but he ignored her and blustered through it.

Who is she? She held his feet to the fire.
She's an @AP reporter. Same one that initially asked him the question on AF1. Didn't catch her name. Should look it up...
The reporter is tagged in the below tweet
.@catherine_lucey presses @realDonaldTrump on his apparently shifting story on Daniels payment 
Thanks.
Appearantly facts are not facts anymore.....Fuck this guy.
He knows his lies have been normalized by the Media, GOP and his supporters. He doesn’t care telling bold face lies to the public.
Right!? And instead of calling him out for gaslighting everyone, the media makes a big deal about a comedian!
Instead NY Times and Maggie Heffernan say Trump reversed his position regarding the payment 
A "position" is something you believe. When you say the opposite of a fact you previously stated, it is a "contradiction".
I thought trump taking a position with stormy was the start of this mess!!
Oh no you didn’t  
Keep in mind he also lied right to Justin Trudeau’s face about the deficits and then admitted that he made it up. MSM u should remind the public of that, often. What will he tell Kim if they meet?


Trump lies about what he said, even when he knows there are tapes?

Lordy, that’s when you know you’re dealing with someone whose untruthfulness is a pathology, not a tendency.
Yup,it's genetic.
His kids also suffer from it...
Absolutely.
Even seems to infect his lawyers.
It infects everyone he touches.
D Trump: Remember, everything I say is a lie. Believe me!
Does he not under stand how recordings work? Or is he so used to everyone believing his BS?
He is. His base believes anything he says. Two days ago I was having a “discussion” with three different ppl who stated unequivocally that he’s the most transparent, honest president we’ve ever had. I about fell off my chair.
Transparent. Transparently dishonest. Sigh.
It’s disheartening to see so many believe him.
Idolatry
FINALLY the press is pushing back aggressively on #TrumpLies! Can you imagine if they'd done this during the election, we very likely wouldn't be in this mess. It was like no one wanted to upset the child or wake the sleepwalker. Freedom of press means nothing it u don't use it!
Wolf said it. They kept showing bread & circuses for ratings & $$$. Look how many people got their own shows by filling the screen with crazy rallies, while serious policy speeches were muted in a tiny upper box on the screen.
Yep, access journalism at its finest. If we say something "mean," i.e. the truth, or challenge him on his lies, he'll pick up his toys & go play on some other show on some other station and they'll get the ratings & attention. So most of them played along w/ the spewing bully.
Oh lordy @realdonaldtrump there are tapes
Take a look? Ok @MichaelAvenatti , what’s on that DVD?
We watched ,you lied.
And yet he still gets away with it
It's getting harder for him each day.More and more people(even some FOX personalities)are finding it harder and harder to defend obvious lies.
@Maxeightyeight @StormyVNV @HMiglino @GDThor1 @TEK_OG @Coco_Wms @18TruckaMan @co_rapunzel4 @Laughngypsy @keriRN @FLOURNOYFarrell @studiohq @sheila_turri @GGevirtz 
Twitter is now Punishing Americans For Free Speech.
Our Voices are Being Suppressed.
#TheResistance
@funder
It's not just Twitty
You know things..?
YUP, Thingies
Spit it out, Louie.
Deliverance https://youtu.be/gsC4kf6x_Q0  via @YouTube
Does he realize there are tapes?
I’m glad she called him out.
Trump doesn't remember if he is Donald Trump, David Dennison or John Barron. He even thinks his attorney looks great in drag.
Plus...he named his son Barron!

@POTUS     DA Plane DA Plane!

Yep!
Wha happen papi??
The wind mommie. The wind.

How can any other country in the world take us seriously or trust us with this despicable liar in charge. He needs to be reeled in.
HE LIED.  Again.  SAY IT!  
@realDonaldTrump - you are a liar.  You lied on Air Force One.  You are lying now.  @MSNBC - #MSM - say it.  Call him a liar when he lies. DO YOUR JOB!
Preach It Sister Resister!! #MSM- Call him a LIAR!! @MSNBC @NBCNewsWorld @CBSNews @nytimes @washingtonpost @ABC @AP @ReutersUS @NPR @NewsHour
From one writer/mom/animal lover/activist to another. I am so tired of the press giving these liars a pass. And to add insult to injury -many of those same folks scorned the brutally honest remarks given by a comedienne - the ONLY person who had the guts to call Trump regime out!
Me too!! When the Resistance starts turning on the press too (like MAGA), they will panic. We need to apply pressure. It's way past time... #MSM- either tell the truth or stop staying you are heroically defending our democracy!
Exactly!!!!!!!!
Does Trump not know we have video recordings of what he says?
short term memory loss is common with Dementia... and Alzheimer's ... js
That's why he's unable to keep his stories straight
I once knew a man with dementia/alzheimer's. long term memory takes over & he lived as much in the past as the present for a while, evenings bring Sun-Downing & he thought he had places to go, plans to keep... those plans were 30 yrs ago, those people dead for yrs. it was sad
I think we’re seeing the same happening before our eyes. Astute observations, Keli.
Maybe we will be to watch him re-avoid the draft
The most "un-presidented" president of all time using the word "crap" talking to the press. He is disgusting. He is not worthy of respect. And, yes, he is totally changing his story. There are tapes! @PressSec
So now his own words are Fake News.  @realDonaldTrump is delusional. #StormyWatch #DumbAssDon
Actually, his own words are typically Fake News.
It’s all on video but somehow that won’t matter to @realDonaldTrump supporters.
Nope. The Republicans have to be voted out en masse on Nov. 6th.
The Gaslighter-in-Chief.

Let's ALL tweet the video at him. He thinks he can lie when there is VIDEO EVIDENCE of it. This is hilarious!
I WON’T follow the in the WH —but if you DO that— he’ll be SO busy hitting that BLOCK button it’ll RUIN HIS WEEKEND! So... 3...2...1...GO!
Good thing is, you don’t have to follow him to tweet @ him
@realDonaldTrump Are you aware that TV is different to Snapchat? If not - you should be!
When you lie constantly, it's impossible to remember all your lies, so you just live in the present lie. He's mastered that very well.
Why didn’t the reporters call him out on this? They should have press him with additional facts so that he could incriminate himself some more.  Reporters need to be better prepare.
I would have replayed the video for him right there. Hit play as soon as he said “Go back and rewatch what I said”.
Does he know the cat is ALL the way out of the bag???
Maybe HE needs to go take a look at what he said. He seems really good at forgetting.

please excuse my 73-year-old lawyer with decades of legal and political experience, it was his first day and he didn't know he shouldn't have given multiple media interviews contradicting me on payments to a porn star thank you
Getting defensive when challenged about an issue usually isn’t a good sign
This is a nightmare. 
And we sit back and watch...
It is unreal that we elected a certifiable pathalogicsl list as President. I personally never met a pathological liar. I remember discussing this type of personality disorder in Psychology at University. Lies transparently, compusively and feels no shame about being caught.
Do we deserve this? 
No one I know did...and this is NOT fair to the rest of us.
I only know one client that was on Trump’s business counsel that voted for Trump but besides that CEO the rest of friends voted for HRC too. Oregon is voting to succeed from Union in November b/c Trump. It is basically a protest vote or at least I assume it is.
May I come and live in Oragon when you leave the union? I love Portland and Puddles the Duck. The coffee shops are great there too.
The motto of the city is where young people move to retire.
@realDonaldTrump
Gaslighter-In-Chief
LIAR LIAR LIAR again and again hideous potus
Rudy has always been as big a liar as Trump, that is why, as a last resort, he finally put him in the loop. Now we're stuck with both of them. It will be mass confusion from here on. Get use to it.
Actually, Anne, I think Rudy who is as big a liar as Drumpf will be gone within the week. Two at most.
This guy will never accept impeachment. He will incite a Civil War before he acquiesces to authority

He told a bold faced lie 2 weeks ago on videotape, now pretends it never happened?

Anyone still believe he will ever admit any wrongdoing?
Nope! Not IN him—he has said as much! Remember what Maya Angelou said about when people show who they are—-believe them the FIRST time? Well, I believed Donny coming down that golden escalator!! The speech was pure BS-I saw that POS coming a MILE away!
I’m stealing “rocket surgeon”. 

TRUMP CAN LOOK YOU STRAIGHT IN THE EYE NOT FLINCH ONCE AND TELL YOU AN OBVIOUS LIE SO MANY TIMES YOU WILL BEGIN TO DOUBT YOUR OWN SANITY.
Gaslighting several times a day.
THIS IS SO NOT NORMAL IM NAUSEOUS.
What I wanna know if who the heck is "we"? "Take a look at what *we* said" ?? 
@realDonaldTrump is a @realNutJob
We all know you admitted to not knowing anything about payments. The truth is just in @realDonaldTrump
Does Trump, the man with "the world's best memory" have brain damage & not remember or does he not care about lying, when his statement can be easily disproved? I'm going with both: brain damage + he does not care. #LyingTrump #PresidentDementia #Resist #FBR #LockHimUp
That is Trump, leaning into the lie because he will never ever admit to it being a lie. If he had to tell the truth to live, he would still lie. Some might see that as courage, but those people, like Trump are just stupid.
#Gaslighting #Gaslighting #Gaslighting #Gaslighting
Lordy - I hope there are tapes.
I mean, there is: https://www.cnn.com/2018/04/05/politics/donald-trump-stormy-daniels/index.html …
And by pathological liar, I mean you are aware you are lying, you just do it constantly.
or he has Narcissistic Personality Disorder and Histrionic Personality Disorder with Psychopathy.
Oh he's a sociopath
that too.
We all know what he said!!!!! He's the one that knows what he said but has chosen to lie about it even though it's verifiable. What a jackass!!
I honestly think he has dementia. I've seen it in my grandmother, and my mother. He's showing all the signs of having dementia. Short term memory is lost, while he's living 40 years ago.
And then there's this theory...
But this country’s running so smoothly!!!! 
Smooth as a scotch-taped tie.
They should just tell him he is lying and cut him off. Never give him the last word and chance to keep lying.
Say "liar" and turn their backs. I'd love to see it!
We just did you moron. And we saw that, again and for the millionth time, you’re lying. But thanks for the reminder that you’re lies are forever caught on video.
It’s the casualness of the lie that’s so disturbing. No nervousness. No hesitation. The lie is his truth because it fits at the moment. Reminds one of #1984 #Orwell #dystopia
Gaslighting
What an absolute abomination he is! There is footage on Air Force one, @realDonaldTrump Donnie, we will take a look, over and over and over again! Your web of lies is finally catching up with you! #Resign #TrumpIsAMoron
It hasn’t been shown on Fox News so he doesn’t know it exists!
Does Trump not realize most of us do not have dementia
Look how angry he gets. If reporters challenged his lies every day he’d fly off into a rage that would be hard to explain. This needs to happen Every. Single. Day.
I did Donald. You lied. It's okay. I didn't believe you then and I don't believe you now.
In trumpspeak, nothing is real. He lies, then lies to cover the lies, then will create more lies, then blame the press. @realDonaldTrump is a liar!
Quite apart from the lies, the USA isn't running 'so smoothly' either. The arse is falling out of your healthcare system (except for the richest), income disparity is obscene, Flint doesn't have water and Puerto Rico is in a shameful state... gun crimes are out of control....etc
It’s on tape he denies what he sees that’s the sign of a delusional mind.
Jesus Mary and Joseph.
SOMEONE put him in a straightjacket, he's just proven he's NOT dealing with reality.
I am so very tired of this lying WITCH!
I didn’t say it, you said it. I was just using your words.
This guy is a lying .
AND he thinks that everyone will believe his bullshit?
The "emperor" has no clothes.
#IaintHannity!
#TrumpIsALiar
#TrumpIsALiar
#TrumpIsALiar

"And to be bringing up that kind of crap."

Such a statesman.
He just doesn’t know the difference between LYING and telling the TRUTH !! In other words he’s a #NARCISSISTIC POS!
I must live long enough to tap-dance on his grave. I must.
You must!
If unable to dance, I'll crawl.
Trump is a narcissistic personality disordered person and as one is a pathological liar.  @MSNBC.  Trump lies constantly and always will. Get a qualified psychiatrists on your show and interview him or her often. Interview many.  Educate yourselves and Americans. For the lov of..
This should have been done months ago. Thanks!!
He’s lying about lying about lying.
Incepdeception.
And I want to thank that reporter for pushing back and repeating that he said no. It’s time for everyone to stop letting him get away with his nonsense.
Not Breaking News: trump lies yet again. 
He now has alternative lies!

Every time he does this please, please, please, ask are you lying now, or were you lying then? Rinse & repeat!
Just resign already
We don’t have to. It’s looping on every news channel.  We’ve got it queue’d up, and yep, there it is; you said ‘No’.  You didn’t know about the payment to Stormy Daniels.  Was there anything we missed?
Hey, MSNBC reporters, here's an idea. Bring the recording of their lies with you and PLAY IT IN FRONT OF TRUMP /SHS AND THE CAMERAS! That way there's no way they can deny it on national television and people with the memory of goldfish can't deny it either.
"Ok, Mr. President, we went back and looked at what you said and nothing changed.  Now... what drugs do we have to take or where should we be struck on the head so that we can hear what it was you actually said on camera that wasn't actually recorded on camera?"
OMG I watched the video where he said it when he was on Air Force One.

This man is a sociopath.

I noticed he made sure no one could ask a question. We're watching his clown car Fall Apart. This is one crooked son of a b****
In case anyone questioned whether gaslighting was a thing.
Kudos to whoever the reporter was for calling out this lying pos #FakePresident @realDonaldTrump 
DO NOT BACK DOWN....hold his f’ing ass to the fire

#TrumpLiesMatter 
#TrumpIsALyingCoward 
#trumpRussia

Rub his face in this every day that he is in office.
He is standing next to JOHN KELLY who ALSO made up a story that was clearly false & there was a VIDEO to prove that he was lying. 

#RepWilson
Talk about pissing in the wind. The fucking moron lies about things he's said that are on video.
And his supporters declare him to be the best POTUS ever. Go figure.
This must be, like, lie # 5003 in 16 months or so. As I like to say: #Trump lies as easily as most people breathe.
@realDonaldTrump You're truly the biggest POS this country has ever seen! You're despicable trash, just lying scum to the face of Americans. The children of America hear you & see you & YOU set the example in our @WhiteHouse 
You should be ashamed of your exploits, SHAME ON YOU!
Got To Agree With That One.
@realDonaldTrump
psychotic maniac
No one respects this clown. He needs to go.
Lies. 
Doesn’t change his story.
Not a denial. 
It’s a lie.
He lies.
Lies.
LIES.
Say it with me.
LIES.
President Trump lies. 
Conjugate it, to get the feel of the word.
He lies.
He’s a liar.
He’s lying.
He lied. 
President Trump lies about telling reporters he didn’t know.
Gaslighting in real time... Errr I mean, reversing his position
Lmao. He told you to go back and look at him lie to your face. 
Witch hunt!!!! More likely.. (gimme a break it's Friday)
On Air Force One.
Trump is the very definition of the words "Pathological Liar".
Wish the reporters would of been ready with the video to play back at full blast his http://lies.Country  running smooth,thanks President Obama.
WATCH @realDonaldTrump do the best...impersonation...of #JohnGotti in public with hand gestures that are quintessentially #AlCapone.

"Just because his gangster mannerisms are spot-on & he's "affiliated" doesn't mean "it's" criminal," said #NuckyThompson.
The whole world is looking, Donald.
Those who’re shocked aren’t paying attention.
This MF is beyond reprehensible. The press should call him out. They won’t. It’s up to #TheResistance to fix this.
He's nuts.
He defines it.
I wonder if Trump dreams in lies.
Excuse me, excuse me. I lie all the time...witch hunt. #MoronsAreGoverningAmerica
“What we said”? How many Trump’s are we dealing with?
He hears voices, they are the best voices.
Funny!!
So did you start off with ..HERE’S ANOTHER BIG ASS LIE BY POTUS?
When you double , then triple down on Dotardism 
"If you look at this, and look at that, and all the things."
What a Person with Treason on their mind does. 
When you want to be Dictator  in charge 
#Treason  #Dictator  #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Trump has no ability or desire to tell the truth. He can’t be trusted.
This is ridiculous how this man just lies and lies!!
Shoutout to all the journos that are now confronting Trump & Sarah Huckabee, calling them out on their lies. @michelleisawolf  spearheaded a risky but courageous effort at the WHCD and she opened up a can of balls. 
Trump & his WH are the employees. Keep them accountable.
He said take a look at what he said

That is very easy to do because he said on camera

He pulls this often. No doubt worked like a charm when he was conning investors who had no record of what he said to someone else days or weeks before

Here? Not so much
reporters need to have that sort of thing loaded on their phone or tablet so when he pulls that they can say...you mean this?
I never thought I'd hear an American president call something crap. Especially one so devoutly Christian as Donald trump.
Does anyone else feel like every time Trumpty Dumpty opens his mouth nothing but self-serving lies spew out?! Has he EVER said ANYTHING truthful?
That’s ok. Deny all he wants. It’s on video when he denied it on AF1.
But you brought all of bill Clinton’s accusers to the 2016 debate against Hillary. But you don’t wanna talk about stormy
#gaslighting
#LiarInChief
I was just watching it thinking wow, he could run a class in gaslighting, mansplaining, bullying. Toxic Masculinity 101.
Advice  For Donald J Trump- By Doing Your Best Over And Over, You Can Master The Art Of Transformation. by Doing Your Best,The Habits Of Misusing Your Word, taking Things Personally, And Making Assumptions Will Become Weaker And Less Freguent With Time.
I'm bad, FREQUENT was the word my fingers missed!
He thinks overtalking reporters will change the fact that he lied
He keeps falling back on bullshit techniques he relied on as a petty con man in business. No one really knows what you said to someone else, so you can make it up as you go. Let the lawyers “fix” it when you get sued

Not a method that works when everyone is watching everything

A liar & thief hung on a cross next to Christ.The thief accepted Christ & entered heaven but the liar said:If ur truly Son of God get us down from this cross. Moral of the story:a thief can reform an admit they are wrong but a liar,like Trump, never can. He will lie tell the end.
Golden nugget 
Yeah, we actually did...over and over again
So many lies..   
BULLY
Please don't forget ASS..
Omg he is such a LIAR!
He simply lives within the world of his own mind where everything his says is true. He is deeply troubled to put it mildly. The scariest part of all this is his followers that believe what ever he says. At this point he is a cult leader.
 Reminds me of the bit of his concert where Richard Pryor said to his wife when she walked in on him & his girlfriend ... "Who you gonna believe ... me, your loving husband, or your lying eyes ?"
@POTUS I took a look back at what you said. You said “No” you did not know anything about the payment. So were you lying then or now?
He was lying then and he is lying now. The Lier in Chief!
Cornered rat. The country is running smoothly? You're the joke of the world.
This is a delusional and dangerous man. He believes his own lies. God help us. Mueller help us.
We all heard what the pathological liar said.
If everything is so great in America mr. president, why do you lie all the time? You have told over 3,000 lies in fewer than 18 months. 

Those lies don’t make you a great president, just a prolific liar,
Wait?.... Trump lied?  Nooooooo?
Chaos
This is the problem with compulsive liars — they wouldn't know the truth even if they'd paid it $130,000.
Just no.
So. Many. Lies!
One of Trump's techniques is to stop questions he doesn't like by shouting, "Excuse me," and then telling a lie. Don't let him stop you like that. If he says, "Excuse me," shout back, "No! You're wrong! You said it! It's on tape!"

First reports are coming out of large increases in ACA premiums. This is on Trump's watch. He promised to provide better healthcare to MORE Americans & broke that promise. Obama isn't president now, he is, & he failed to negotiate better coverage for more Americans.
He's been bullying people and getting away with it for so long he truly doesn't understand what's about to happen to him.

It's kinda sad, but then I remember who the Trump family is and any bit of sympathy I have instantly fades.
And this is why tRump's lawyers don't want him sitting down with Mueller,  the average ethical human can see he's lying
It would simply be sad if it wasn't so tragic...
AYFKM
#LIAR   - #MSM call him out on his lies.  We all saw and heard him deny knowing anything about #StormyDanielsPayment  Do NOT allow him to #GaslightAmerica   He is a LIAR!
He knows that if there are those in the US who bought the myth he was a “successful” business tycoon lording it over apprentices on NBC’s medieval show-they’ll buy anything. Truth & ethics not valued commodities for the shallow like him.
NOW COVER THIS STORY AGAIN AND AGAIN..
#MalignantNarcissism : say whatever works in the moment. That's what he did, that's what he does, that's what he'll always do. If you show him, the tape he'll say, "I didn't mean no." You cannot "win."
This man is , Jesus Christ I cannot believe him

He's so arrogant.  I think he truly believes he's smarter than everyone.  Like he can fool everyone with his dog and pony shows. He's such a disgrace to America. Zero credibility.
He is just a lying angry mess!
Trump is very comfortable with deceit and uncomfortable with the truth!!  I wonder where he is funneling money from to do these kkk rallies.... is he prepping up for 2018 blue  and impeachment 2019!!
He refers to himself as "we" often. That, with referring to himself in 3rd person, could be another mental health condition.
More lies about the previous lies from @realDonaldTrump , the liar-in-chief!  
Chiron is pretty good: "If you fight back it's called obstruction of justice." That's EXACTLY RIGHT.
I have said it before but will say it again: Trump voters are the dumbest people on this planet. Electing a second car salesman. Not even a good one.
#Trumpfuckery
After further Review ..
@realDonaldTrump  will accessed a 15 minute time out for lying once again..Penalty will also be enforced come November..followed by Impeachment process .
He's back to shouting "scuse me" to shut people up. Pathetic.
We All Know That Trump Is A Serial Lier Someone We & Other Countries Can Not Trust! Invoke The 25th Amendment!
And the STUPID will believe it.
It’s lying. Call it what it is.
#MAGAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Such a charming, articulate, errodite statesman...NOT
Can't blame trump. He can't remember what he said thirty seconds earlier, much less days or weeks ago.
This is the action of a compulsive liar & sociopathic narcissist: he says whatever he feels like no matter what real details get in the way, including people & expects everyone to believe it. The US is now being run by a Scrotus with GOP vultures looking on, doing nothing.
If you don’t wake up now those of you who support the game show host you’ll be able to tell your grand kids how you helped take down the greatest democratic Republic in history and defended a draft dogger traitor to this country
He talks over everybody. Excuse me... And Sarah Sanders' line is always LOOOKKKK. We are so over this. Let's get our country back. The hijacking experiment has been interesting, but we're sick of being screwed over: i.e, high crimes and misdemeanors & effn the Emoluments Clause.
Liar
Deny, deny, deny... even when there's video.
If his lips are moving... #FuckTrump

This may be the tweet that I will have to retweet every 3 minutes 
Honestly, i could play these two video clips side by side! How can intelligent people NOT know he's senile??? #CULT45
It’s about time the media learned how to vet the credibility of a source, it has become increasingly apparent that @realDonaldTrump is not a reliable source of information on the conduct and history of @realDonaldTrump.
Lying is muscle reflex for @realDonaldTrump - he literally cannot help it. Consequently, he is incapable of keeping up with his own lies. This shouldn’t be a shock to anyone. 

When the lies stop working he just defers to trying to talk over people. Lol.
It was 2 weeks ago on AF1. Wtf kind of drugs is he on?
You're on tape @realDonaldTrump there is no dispute. You changed your story.  You lied!
Street, that is simply rude to the Three Stooges.

The sad thing is, a whole bunch of people heard him say that in person.  And the whole WORLD heard/saw it on video tape.  #SAD, lying liar @realDonaldTrump  #ResignNow
And now Rudy's attempt to spin it that he did not know until Rudy told hima and he sais "My goodness" is exposed as the absurd fabrication we all knew it was.
such a PFUCKING LIAR!! and FINALLY the MSM is calling him out!
You said it lying bastard!
