Keep your eye on the ball. The subject this week is not immigrants or gun laws. It is the president paying off a porn star and his sex partner to keep quiet before an election, and then pretending that it did not happen.
Or peace in Korea
I am sure there will be plenty of time to talk about the Koreas if and when anything concrete happens. In the mean time, we can only talk about what actually happened.
the press needs to start calling trump a liar and a madman
the public is afraid of their own president
Now that’s fuckin embarrassing
Hello Minnesotans!! Please vote this man into office now!! America really needs him!
Well said!  You only have to live somewhere where there is not the ever present threat of gun violence to realise how secure you feel!  Good gun control laws are  essential for any civilised and safe society.
Just another lefty gun grabber.
This was another #NRABloodMoney rally where @realDonaldTrump dog whistles to his gullible supporters that they have something in common with him because they are white, and he goes back to Mar a Lago, and they go home to their trailer parks. Let's go get six beers.. #NRAAM @NRA

Please invite
@cameron_kasky 
@Emma4Change 
@JaclynCorin 
@funkpuncher 
@MattxRed 
@Ryan_Deitsch 
@delaneytarr 
@funkpuncher 
@Sarahchadwickk 
@davidhogg111 

On the show..

The young students are the
Experts...
Only way to stop a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.
Listen I am so disgusted with the power of the NRA and gun coveting so called Christians! Why can’t our country unite? Oh NVM I forgot for a sec who our President is! Guess I need to go back on Prozac
This sounds frightfully familiar; let's think about Germany in the 1930s, and a man named Hitler for a moment. If the president deports all of the immigrants, then who's next on his list? This is getting scary.
MSNBC where’s the breaking news about Judge excoriating Mueller and team on Trump witch hunt. SILENCE
WHAT SPECIAL POWERS DOES THE CONSTITUTION GIVE THE PRESIDENCY THAT IT DOES NOT GIVE  ITS CITIZENS OVER SUBPOENAS? IF CITIZENS MUST ABIDE, OR BE FINED OR IMPRISONED. WHERE IN THE CONSTITUTION DOES IT MAKE AN EXCEPTION  FOR THE PRESIDENT? PLEASE POINT TO THIS EXCEPTION.
That is why we need Open Carry.
Yes, speaking truth to power! Like to know which one of these children who have committed mass murders where immigrants! Not one!!!
Laws don’t matter to criminals.
Lay it down like it is Mr. Painter. I
I would vote for you for president!!
He speaks for a vast majority of Americans.
Tell me what is your ideas?
OOPs spell check messed up, language is the work. how did langurage get through? Oh well it's Friday.
Chicago has some of the strongest gun laws but stifles police by not using Stop and Frisk. Gun laws don't work if not enforced.
*taps mic* is this on? SCHOOLS ARE GUN FREE ZONES. Literally "reasonable" laws in place to make them gun free.

The rabid hatred of Trump has rotted the underbelly of network news. They jump the gun without due diligence regarding facts and embarrass themselves continually. Whereas #FakeNews was once a campaign slogan, they’ve now made it a tragic reality. #NBC #CNN …
We have always had guns but not school shootings. 
Explain that.
This weirdo has no idea what he is talking about. The laws on the books and the laws the NRA want protect the public from what he is talking about. Complete garbage and disinformation.

So what is the excuse in Chicago?
so tell me... what gun laws will criminals Adhear to?  NONE,  they're  criminals!  I'm proud to be a concealed carrier.
More lunacy. My gun hasn’t ever hurt a soul. Carried it for more than 30 years.
More liberal bullshit.
Its lying leftist @MSNBC doing what they do best, lie manipulate distort deceive twist bend warp everything. But they have a job to do, There are 65 million head in that democrat herd of cattle that they have to manage.
Such confidence in the state.
Thanku Sir I would ALMOST move just to vote for youAllegedly.
America is arming itself in record sales of guns and ammunition, this is not a coincidence, if a war is what they want then a war is what they'll get...come take my guns away snowflakes, but I warn you you better bring a lot of body bags!
Yo, wannabe tough guy. I could disarm you in less than 4 seconds... without a weapon. Punk.
LMFAO!...
Sorry Painter, @RepSwalwell has shown us what liberal intentions truly are. Hope you fail


still spreading hate & fear,all Trump ever does.what a waste of air this man is
Tell that to Chicago, where you disarmed the HONEST people. So now ONLY the Bad Guys have guns, you liberal hack.
You don’t have safety in our schools because we don’t have reasonable people.
Trumps speech 2 NRA was 1 a coward who got 5 deferments from fighting n Viet Nam . Spoke of arming teachers what kind of gun does he suggest they have w/facing a AR-15? Didn't mention background cks that would keep guns out of wrong hands.Speech was call 4 votes. B Ready 2 Vote D
We don’t have safe streets because we have open borders  and excuses for everything!

Liberalism is a mental disorder
We have fine gun laws we just have a violet hate filled Leftist/Democrats running around on the streets that should be in jail,
no it's because the schools are not secured by armed police or guards.Schools with protection have not had a shooting but the schools that have nothing have had the most.Gun laws don't work 40 shootings in a 4 hour period in Chicago.Strict guns are applied in Chicago
The original intent of "gun control" was to keep black people unarmed and easily manipulated. Black people MUST support the Second Amendment. That does not mean supporting right wing white supremacists or left wing white supremacists.
You can Build a Wall. But I will still be INSIDE. Here is just One FBI 2016 crime Stat.:  In 2016, there were an estimated 1,248,185 "VIOLENT Crimes".
Were Some by Illegals, sure, but a Wall is not going to Change that Stat in any meaningful way.
Gun laws will not fix any issue, good people with guns will!!
@MSNBC Well Said
Being safe is not want the Liberals want that want your power.

We don't want to read your Foix News here. Go away. You're off topic.
After 8 years of Obama not addressing it you want trump to solve this also. I love your impartiality.
Dems not proposing anything reasonable that we dont already have
Painter is what a flaming gay with a stroke sounds like. 
He is a joke. The nra is not responsible for a person’s behavior. Is charmin responsible for your diarrhea?
A group of guns just marched down the street shooting people foe no reason. 
Armed citizens stop armed criminals

Trump “ Let’s arm teachers with guns”
No guns permitted into this NRA event........
Hello overt hypocrisy in all it’s “glory” 
Lil Mogadishu Mall of Post America  is such a wonderful place
Why's the FBI so upset today ?
