Well let me see hold on thinking thinking hmmm ....... that's the dumbest Q tion ever ! Putin instaigation and only God knows whomever else that is rooting off this greedy mess for what oh ya the demonic disruption to our democracy
Why is it everything some Russian support ,Trump supports.
Seeing Russia behind everything went out of vogue with McCarthy, time for leftist lamestreet media to catch up!
Treason is treason.
@potus @BobSMueller  because traitors always hide illegal money . Time to subpoena those tax returns from donnie boy
we have done some researching on this it seems they have not taken money from Russia like you think.They are transparent and the media continues to http://lie.No  one wonders where there money comes from.Millions belong to the NRA leave us alone
NRA...FAKE AMERICAN AMERICANS...taking in RUSSIAN MONEY.....
It's called money laundring  .....
@MSNBC Boycott @NRA
your viewers are nuts
Many?
Russian Russians who are Russian around
nope
They are supposedly a non profit.  That info should be readily available.
Has anyone ever wondered why the NRA is tax exempt?
The same reason ALEC is. It makes for better laundering, double dipping baby 
Your welcome it comes from me
I'm an NRA LIFETIME MEMBER simplifying this question. The NRA gets it's money from firearm manufacturers, and it's MILLIONS of members.
My number one guess would be from all the Million-Billionaires  just got a Huge Huge Tax Cut that is probably most of it. No MORE  NRA ORG Lobbyists Money to Politicians!! Of course as individuals they may vote however they chose we r still a free country but 45 says stay tuned
NRA is full of hypocritical, cheating, backwards thinking liars!  They are a very dangerous organization!
This man's picture should be in every US Post Office featured as the most wanted criminal in America (next to the cigarette CEOs wanted posters) "and is armed and dangerous if encountered at a school!"
NRA money comes from RUSSIA!
Well membership has soared lately sooo
Wow. Now do one on Clintons/Russia, Soros/Russia, Fusion GPS/Russia, Planned Parenthood/Russia.

The NRA needs to be disbanded, period!
The NRA is an unAmerican organization. Should not be allowed to influence the government. Bad for the USA.
Starting to see a pattern with Russia yet?
I am a big part of that. lifetime member leather jacket A.R. 15 actually three 1187 Smith and Wesson M&P 870 couple of Glock 16 and 17 compound bow recurve bow Smith & Wesson shield etc. etc.

same goes for every left leaning org
The NRA started out as a good organization but somewhere along the way lost themselves. Very disappointing.
Don't know if they ever did but they don't represent gun owners. They r paid lobbyists 4 gun industry. Most intelligent gun owners don't oppose background checks on gun buyers incl. at gun shows, putting controls on clips & assault weapons. They know no one is taking their guns.
True.
More  Anti-NRA MSM junk news
Russia

Because they've been committing treason and their nutjob individual U.S. donors will go bonkers if they find out?

Check Russia

The money from Russia to Republicans should put them all in prison.the NRA is a terrorist organization
Lol Clinton foundation......blm......your so freaking left it's sad!!!!
Russian money secretly "invaded" both the #NRA and the #Evangelicals ...
do you know how you can tell you're being investigated by the F.B.I. ?
THEY TAKE EVERYTHING OUT OF YOUR OFFICE! 
#NRussiA
Russia knows the NRA is a great ally and effective way to funnel millions into poisonous treasonist candidates that support their agenda...

From Russia With Love. #nobodydoesitbetter
If NBC were at ALL honest, they'd finally change their call letters to msDNC.  The propaganda from this "news" station is blatantly over the top.
Yawn...
Worth re-reading this today.
NRA money comes from Americans who are patriotic and believe the constitution.....MSNBC is fake news
I'm now a proud member!
An unarmed socialist is a sheep
Retweet.
Follow the money. 
How IS the NRA really  funded? 
Russia? 
Shell corporations? Domestic terrorists? Inquiring minds want to know!
#WhoFundsTheNRA?
#DirtyMoney
#NRAMoneyLaundry
Their members....
Want names to pressure. Pass.
@NRA @NRAILA @DLoesch @waynelapierrejr are a bunch of snowflakes.  They can inflict fear and lies, but they have to do so in a gun free zone. #hypocrites
The funny thing is they also dontate to combat gun violence but no one mentions that. They teach gun safety too. And prior to this past year no one cared where their money came from. There is a lot of hypocrisy here.
Because no one thought in their wildest dreams they were accepting money from Russia! So yeah, we care.
You do realize that “Russia” doesn’t give anyone any money right? Just because they have members who happen to be Russian doesn’t mean anything.  Every member of Congress has taken money from Russians in some form.  Anyone who has taken money from Google for example.

Donnys love  match
OOOOOOpsie......
The NRA, Fifa and the Olympics have a lot in common...
$2,500
The NRA are gun lobbyists who profit by fighting for gunmakers to make more gun profits. Some NRA money comes from Russia. This means the Kremlin is influencing the interpretation of the American Constitution. These are not the actions of patriots, but are the actions of pariah.
Money flows through this nation from every other nation- wake up your being fed the kool-aid and drinking hard. The media wants this agenda tomorrow it may go back to Venezuela’s money in our country or China, or Israel.. think!
Easy. because if they are taking money from foreign sources, that would be treason.
Explain how...I’ll wait. This ought to be good.
It is highly illegal to take donations from foreigners.   Why?    Because that would essentially be selling foreign policy to the highest bidder.   http://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?req=(title:52%20section:30121%20edition:prelim …)
Agreed.
NRA is the perfect vehicle for Russia to use against American democracy! Funding the NRA promotes arming more citizens, who can then be mobilized against democratic institutions.  #NRABloodMoney
For one for we’re not a democracy and second please go back on your meds. Yikes.
Great answer! I agree, NRA is not a democracy and neither is Russia. Good match!
Duh
Expose the murder by ak advocates.
@msnbc im more interested in how much of the Nra's revenues find their way into Wayne lapierre's bank accounts? Someone with the resources needs to follow and then report on the money!
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization
Same HAIR.............same ATTITUDE .............KILL THE INNOCENTS
I sent them some
So did Russia.
It comes from Russia. Keep up.
ask trump...
Because there are none.
russian money via the @NRA 

terrorist organization
Lol liberals are entertaining I’ll give them that. Better than a circus show.
