Of course that’s what Donnie’s people would say.
every judge and lawyer has said no campaign money was used.And it did not violate campaign laws.Hillary violated the campaign laws by paying Fusion gps to get dirt on Trump for the fake dossier.
BS, circle the wagons you repugnant people.
Cohen case was outsourced because it had no bearing on Russian interference in our election.
Manafort case was not outsourced because it might have a bearing on Russian interference in the election.
Manafort,  not Cohen was at the Trump tower meeting with the Kremlin queen.
Funny, every lawyer outside of the trump BS seems to think differently.
Get an education in the English language, #MSNBC and #Swalwell: #POTUS   #Trump said he did not make the payment and did not know about it then.   He did NOT say that he did not learn about it later and repaid it. If   you read English properly, you can see the difference.
This is another trump lackey. Let's wait for the prosecutors to be done with Cohen and trump and his cronies.
Do the Twist. They’ll twist it out of proportion
Why would we believe anyone associated with Trump? Giving up his career to lie for trump. Sad.
@MSNBC We'll See About That
Liar.
EXACTLY....fake lefty news to take down The President!
Little Lyin’ Lotter! @marc_lotter
MSNBC has its head up its dark place so it's not surprising that msnbc's mind is not working, can't see the truth, can't comprehend the truth if they saw it. @realDonaldTrump
If Trump didn’t use campaign funds, (and why would he?), how could it be a violation?
Astounding how many people are willing to sell their souls & integrity.  Not good for this country.
What else did you think he would say?
This guy is a 1st rate liar. One with no shame about it either. If potus or the gop have it wrong why not just say it and not perpetuate the lie.
Chances are this guy does not have a security clearance None of Trump's lawyers have security clearances.  Mueller's team has info that T's people won't know about until they sit down w Mueller
1/4 Really MSNBC? Chuck Todd, repeatedly inviting Trump apologists on & tossing soft balls to them? No! It is ABSOLUTELY unequivocally unacceptable for a POTUS to tell 3000+ lies & expect the American people & the world, to just deal with it because he passed a tax scam. Trump
hasn't solved N.K. crisis. We've been here MANY times before. Just stop pandering to them. 2/4 You're repeating the mistakes you made during the campaign. You're giving Trump free media coverage & excusing his NUMEROUS lies & harsh authoritarian criticisms of an amendment you
3/4 claim to support, Freedom of the Press. Why does everyone sell their soul for a buck when they are fully aware that the majority of people CLEARLY do not support this president. It makes no sense. WE don't want this man as POTUS. WE are tired of lies & constant chaos. WE are
4/4 tired of the cruelty, racism, and the attacks on immigrants from this President & his inept, incompetent, corrupt administration. WE MATTER. Listen to the people. Don't allow someone to say we shouldn't care if our president is a liar! Take them to task! Do yourjob!
FINALLY! A Judge that believes in our constitution & our laws! 
Thank you Judge Ellis for calling out Mueller & his lying prosecutors out in the Paul
And why is he on? Is he an attorney with election law expertise?
Let's get this adjudicated, but thx for your opinion.
Not enough info to make determination. If there is a trail regarding intent boom! If Cohen paid this on his behalf without reimbursement that’s a donation which wasn’t recorded boom!  But this is small potatoes and a distraction from #ConspiracyAgainstTheUnitedStates
Does he work for the FEC?
Is that an unbiased opinion?
Defend Trump at all cost even if it means compromising you integrity and reputation! Amazing, I don’t get it.
Not this guy again! He has a bit of a Hitler thing going with his hair
Ya know what they say about opinions . . . .
Honesty & accuracy from the @JoyAnnReid network
Yesterday was the National Day of Prayer. NEVER underestimate the power of prayer Justice (thank you Judge Ellis) will be served 
#MAGA 
#EndMuellersWitchHunt
Find some News!

"@NBCNews had to correct its bombshell of a report that ended up being a bomb."

WATCH: @KellyannePolls' full interview on …
Bland, baseless, boring coverup conversation.
Lol are y’all really just now figuring that out???  Idiots.
Absolutely Right

The rabid hatred of Trump has rotted the underbelly of network news. They jump the gun without due diligence regarding facts and embarrass themselves continually. Whereas #FakeNews was once a campaign slogan, they’ve now made it a tragic reality. #NBC #CNN …
Next.
trump is CROOKED and a PATHOLIGICAL LIAR.
It just reflects stupidity.
The hell, it is!!!!
Time to move on.......
#FakeNewsMedia 
#FreeThinker
He opened his mouth after three words I changed to a soap opera same thing
You bring a Trumpette on air you expect lies to be told.  Producers of MTPDaily: why are you thinking Trumpettes are worth airing.
This is the MSM!
Duh! The insane anti Trump media shoots and misses! Again!
Yeah right
Ummmmm...try that again
Why 45 keep hiring lawyers then and even his lawyer hired a lawyer
Crime is crime!
Who gives a flying flip what may of may not have taken place years ago? Its none of our damn business, MSNBC.
Frustrated listening to this guy!  Wishy washy.
Despite timeline
Must not be a very good attorney. Corrupt. The timeline is perfect. A first yeR law student could do this one.
Speaking to a judge?

Lying for the Boss
Maybe in Trumpland but not in the real world
Ttump tried so hard really, tried to keep all the lies straight and onlyThe Best Lies,The Greatest Lies, Huge Lies.
But sadly age and senility has caught up with Trump and Rudy
Plus there was just too many F****** LIES Just ask FOX
 https://politi.co/2KzWkle 
Yup atta boy Lotter
former to trump
Oh please!  I can't bear to watch another newsman tread carefully.
And we care what this hack thinks why?


Another liar.
These people are selling theirs souls for a evil whom will hang them out to dry. It is for self only. It has been exposed and we only wait for the hammer to fall and justice will prevail! Don’t get upset, just sit back and wait! 
Good boy Mark. Want a treat? Or a ride in the car? 
 Ok
Can we get past whether or not it was a campaign violation and consider it bribery?
Why give this 2-bit hack airtime?! This president & his enablers lie constantly. Everyone knows he & they lie. There is zero value here. Don’t waste my time!
Why?
Wrong
There is something else going on here, we don't have all the facts yet.  Trump is trying too hard to hide something.  There were definitely "bodies" buried in Cohen's files, perhaps dating back over a decade.
That’s really not up to him to decide. It’s up to the US Attorney for SDNY.
If anything this sounds like he hung his own lawyer out to dry
Daniels is asking ppl to donate for her lawyer and ridiculous show of media. She took the money from Cohen- done! Use that money & invest in stocks or more physical enhancements. This is all a show. Why didn’t past Presidents get this hassle from prostitutes?
Sorry, but ANYONE that was connected to the Trump administration is suspect.
Where have the three legal geniuses of our time, @MichaelCohen212 , David Schwartz and Rudy Giuliani gone?  Forced to sit down by @realDonaldTrump after repeatedly making a disaster of their case on national television and being mocked by every real lawyer in America? #lies
He’s a Trump man.  What do you expect him to say?
They couldn't prove campaign violation on John Edwards. There's no way they can against Trump. This is a non-story.
So, he knew this stuff was going on & is trying to pretend he isn't involved in crime because the crime wasn't a crime. Gawd.
Distractions, Distractions.
In the end it will be all about the money. You can't hide the paper trail.
#BankFraud
#MoneyLaundering
Poor media, despite their best efforts to take down a duly elected President, his approval rating just popped to 51%.
Happy birthday Melania!!

We'll see, won't we?
It looks like Judge will ultimately make THAT decision.
“Former Trump Enabler Continures To Lie & Enable.” MSNBC decides to tweet as if it’s newsworthy.
Oh a trumper said no crime?  Ok obviously nothing to see here. 
Mark Lotter is full of bull excrement.

There is correspondence between Cohen and his cohort who was supposed to be Stormy lawyer making very clear this had to be done before the election.
No declaration on FEC filings.
Ergo campaign law violation.
But he knows this, of course.
Last week trump didn’t know her. Now they know
Lol if course he says that. Ask any Dem and they will say exact opposite.  We are being played by both sides. Vote libertarian!
Um yes it is ....because he didn’t disclose it on is financial forms which he had to fill out to run for President.
Guess who will never be on MSNBC again!!! I guess he didnt follow their script.
Well that settles that! 
What else is he going to say... 
Forgive me if I sound like I didn't pay attention, but if this guest is a former assistant to the president, why did he keep saying "We" as though he still works there? Is it just me, or am I missing something? #WHinConfusion
payments 2 weeks before the national election to silence bad public relations....If that is not a violation, what is?
#BringBackMartinBashir
Their lies are so blatant and hollow that it’s insulting.  

It’s insulting they think ANYONE is stupid enough to believe their ridiculous lies.
Unfortunately there are those who believe their lies and will excuse absolutely anything they say or do.

Why ask a trumpista?
Huh? I watched @maddow last night ans I got the jist it does.
Yeah, sure, ok.
And he's totally not biased
