There is absolutely one thing in our judicial system you can count on above anything else on Earth... OUR LAWS are just, right, and true. What @realDonaldTrump means by "fair," I have no damn clue.
Notice how many judges they have appointed. We must be vigilant in truth.
EXACTLY: We must be vigilant! The Preamble demands us to do so. Partyism is not Constitutional, so we shouldn't rely on one group of people. Voting is step one, but more needs to be done. All ideas on the table as John Stuart Mill has taught us must be done here! NEVER GIVE UP!
Ok, we have Stormy and Karen payoffs... did the rest go to the rape case which was dismissed earlier this year?  Just asking...
Could be. Hope not. I was hoping the FBI had her in witness protection with a view to testifying.
Hmmm, that’s another avenue for sure.  But I always had a problem as to why the press didn’t expand on that case further.
Why would a personal lawyer of a “billionaire” need to take a line of equity credit on his own homes to pay off women for a client?  And to use the excuse of protecting same “billionaire”s family? Just before an election. Riiiight.
I wonder if he really is worth what he says, at one time he lied about his wealth to get on the Forbes list. I don't question he's rich though
And all the payment Trump made to him for tbese payoffs are business expenses and tax deductable. Hmmm good times.
YAWN!!! Change your storyline @MSNBC
Oh boy, he is going to do some time. And so is the orange fucker.
Pretty confident that #MichaelAvenatti is going to become an even more familiar name.
The fact is Obama had the education and knowledge to be a U.S. President. Trump does not have the education or common knowledge of history or science or law, hell he shouldn't be electable.
That’s 6 women he could have paid off.Depending on how much more Putin gave him.
Sure. Those hookers aren’t going to pay for themselves.
The person that hates gay people still has a show on liberal tv?
Don't you know it's okay for liberals to attack people? Only wrong if conservatives do it.
That’s a lot of “affairs” to secure.
To “fix” what or whom? #Elections2016 or #Trump?
Who else got a payment
That's a lot of 130k payouts wow trump has a viagra addiction
Nah, he uses his little fingers. That ship sailed a long time ago.
$774,000 divided by $130,000 equals 5.95 pornstars.
Who else did he pay off?

Hmmm.. ignorant much?
@JoyAnnReid LGBT hate Blog ???
Please state what report so we can verify it. Otherwise it looks like we are just rumor in to the Trumpsters. We have to verify everything as they should also. That is our weapon. Truth.
So??? LMAO
Manhattan Federal prosecutors and the FBI are probing why Michael Cohen took out a line of credit to secure $774,000 as the 2016 campaign heated up.

TRANSLATION: Donald Trump’s “fixer” was doing a little more than just paying hush money to Stormy Daniels.
So what?  He and Trump can do whatever they want.   Screw fake news networks
So tired of the LIES.
Yeah; it is tough for most of us to get open lines of credit for 3/4 of a mil. Just saying. Those pay-out receipts will be interesting.
There must have been a lot of other women they feared were in the pipeline to get payments, dontcha think?
Those who make 10k transactions r tagged for money laundering, and here no investigation on 774k? Bank nor bank officers didn't question this large sum of money being moved?
Is there some sort of pattern of those in Trumps Campaign getting loans, credit lines , and access to cash thru borrowing? Remember, this with Manafort?
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/donald-trump/mueller-asking-if-manafort-promised-banker-white-house-job-return-n849916 …
@realDonaldTrump clarify what you mean by  an interview that's "Fair"?  lol

Damn I got a loan in the 2016 did I break the law.
Only if u lied to the bank as to its use!  No banks loan money to payoff hookers.
It’s called personal expenses or working capital. If you think people haven’t lied to banks then you must believe politicians are all honest
So that makes it 5.9 women who paid off at $130,000 a piece.
Somebody got screwed!
Cohen case is immaterial  because it had no bearing on Russian interference in our election.
Manafort case might have a bearing on Russian interference in the election.
Manafort, not Cohen was at the Trump tower meeting with the Kremlin queen.
Gets better and better 
@BeMoreWestmo  a little more info on that matter
Let me guess Duetche bank?  Or the Russian owned bank??
I’m imaging majority of that money went to someone else....hmmm possibly a Russian?
That's almost 6 Stormys.
Was that to pay Russian hackers !

What does that have to do with Russia Collusion ?
Taking loans is illegal now too?
Why does Joy hate gays?

We know how cheaply the president got off with his affairs thanks to National Enquirer and Cohen's bullying so, where did Cohen spend the rest of that money and please let it all be recorded in the miles of taped conversations he had in his library.
That's 5.59 Stormies
So irrelevant
“According to one report”
Wasnt he and his family living in a hotel because of construction on thier home????
Where is your story on this?
Where's your link on it? Is it too embarrassing a source to include?
Sorry, you aren’t an American so your opinion doesn’t matter.
Cohen is ruined.

I don't have a law degree but I know if you take out a huge loan and use it for something else, the law will take possession of everything you own and throw your ass in jail. 

Is Trump going to take care of Cohen's family while he's in jail?

I don't think so!
I don't care.
He probably did all of this thinking it would help him get a White House spot. We all know how that worked out. This foolish, foolish man.
Remember during the campaign @realDonaldTrump bragged about the endless #IRS audits? Bet they’re even more interested now.
What else did he do to cover up for Trump?
So what?
So?  I do that all the time for my clients....   we’re done for.
...and if, on the loan application, for "Purpose of funds," he wrote anything other than "To pay hush money to a porn star," he committed the crime of bank fraud.
That will cover about 6 porn star encounters.
Hmm, wonder what that was for
This amount of money has been used to pay more than Stormy
A subpoena would be "fair"
You are using one report without any verification of it. Shoddy.
Why does woke network @#bsnbc still employ a homophobic liar??
That's a lot of Prostitutes and Porn  to pay off. And that's exactly what the money was for, hush money to keep them quite.
Unnamed sources need to be named or stories shouldn’t be written. Fake news is real on the conspiracy network.
this is not true he did not take this money your reports are all lies that can be http://proven.You  have gotten desperate in finding any thing to use against the president.The judge from yesterday is making Meuller show proof he has unfetted power
That amounts to 5.95 women paid based on the $130,000 paid to Stormy Daniels
All tRump has to do is tell the truth-is that not fair???
but he’s a deadbeat on taxi fees FTR.
Says the biggot liars!
Collateral? Doesn’t seem he would have any?
Lines of credit have a balance. How much has he used on top of the 130k.
Hey joy reid are u still a racist pig who hates the lgbt community? Just asking
Why was Michael getting the money very strange!
Most judges r gop!
My question is why! The trump campaign needed money?
"...according to one report." #FakeNews 101
According to one report, MSNBC is not a credible news source.
Why?
No more free air time for Trump.. we do not want to hear from Trump.. instead focus on Democratic rally’s @CNN
@CNN please stop reporting Trump at his rally’s .. your giving him free free air time. Not good!
Michael Cohen seeing all the ""fixing" he's gonna have to do...
Crooks all of them. FIRE PRUITT
Suspicious Much..............
Wow, that's a lot of women.....and maybe men who knew too much.
So about six ladies have been silenced and are honoring the illegal NDA...
So what
You misspelled your headline. Its supposed to read: “Hillary Launders Millions During Election.” There.....I fixed it for ya. 

#FakeNews
So much “funnel money,” eh @seanhannity

Boy, that’s a lot of unprotected sex to have while pregnant wives are at home.
THAT'S interesting........
So.....is Mrs. Cohen implicated here?? What did she know about the money and where it was going? She signed loan docs.
Hmmm.....
How could Michael Cohen, an attorney with only three clients, according to disclosures in court a couple of weeks ago, be able to afford and obtain lines of credit as much as $774,000. Sounds fishy to me.
Looks a lot like paying off women and hackers. Now the only thing missing are the receipts. We already have Stormy's NDA. Wondering if the receipts for paying off hackers will be in English or Russian? #TeamTreason
Why is this any of your business?  It's a private business, being investigated by a federal prosecutor looking for anything.  No evidence of wrong against Trump, now it's a witch hunt by federal government against a private citizen.  Scary!!!
Another Trump Trash TV Station....... Report real news like North/ south Korea...... President Trump in helping this Historic event, NO You want to cover trash.... So you can try to take him down...... Sad
“All The President’s Lies and Lawyer’s Lines of Credit”  coming soon on @amazon @AmazonStudios produced by @JeffBezos will be a helluva movie dont you think
I wouldn’t assume that. Some may have simply been mobsters he paid off not to squeal.
Nobody pleads the 5th who has nothing to hide.  You know the guy is dirty. That's why he is called the "fixer." He is the mob boss' leg breaker.
Maybe bribe money
Because the billionaire @realDonaldTrump needs money from his lawyer?!
The money Cohen was gathering during the campaign was used to pay off the Russian hackers per the Steele dossier.

How Many women did Cohen pay off during that time  with All that money ?
Yet thru all the trials and tribulations Trump seems to be having a great time.
Big difference between "if it is fair' and "if it was (were) fair." Second one is unreal conditional verb--meaning it will not really happen.
Did Cohen use this money to pay off the Russian hackers in Prague?
That’s 6 @StormyDaniels! 
I love the way @JoyAnnReid spits fire !!
SO WHAT
https://twitter.com/sudamonis/status/992774361835859970?s=21 …
In whose name did he do this?
An unrepentant homophobe says what?!
Give it up, you’re not taking him down. You look foolish.
SO what if true, that’s lines of credit that’s NONE of Muller’s business or ours! However Hillary Clinton illegally funneled $84M during the 2016 election! #MichaelCohen #WitchHunt #Trump2020
So millionaires transfer money from one account to another bank or account no questions asked?
Omg and this was cover up money omg???and MSNBC seems just concerned about the money. We know where $130,000. Went what about the $774. Less $130.  How was $644,000. Spent
The rape victim of course
You really couldn't make this sh*t up. SMH
Wow what an incredibly sad, pathetic man to be so desperate to be Trump's consigliere.
How many porn stars did he have to pay?
It says he took out line of credit, common, does not say he got the money, do you know what a line of credit is?


So?
Clinton Foundation
CHARLIE ROSE SUED BY 3 MORE CBS STAFFERS FOR SEXUAL HARASSMENT
Hypocrisy & Sick Sexual Deviance of Mainstream Media & Hollywood Exposed
I don't get it, is that a crime or indication of criminal intent?
Fake news
To do what, pay trump's paramours?
Clinton gets his for free.... Just saying
Hot mess for Trump and cohorts.
What about the judge?
And this is news?
go on the stage and twitter, Dotard.
Securing access to and actually using it to pay off people for which you’re implying are two different matters. Quit misleading us!
Gross
Can you provide me with how many vacations he went on please.  Your reporting runs down so many rabbit holes - this could be useful info for me
Bank Fraud, CONspiracy, Money Laundering, Extortion. That should be a life sentence. Will he roll on the corrupt president? Stay tuned.
You have to remember that @realDonaldTrump was replenishing this at the rate of $35K a month at least. That adds another $420K a year to splash around. Starts to add up, don’t you think?
Why doesnt MSNBC have conservative political commentators. Other networks like FOX have liberal comentators. MSNBC is all liberal only. PROPAGANDA NEWS
They do. @hughhewitt has his  own show. Can't say the same about Fox. Bot account

OH NO!!!...not a $774'000 line of CREDIT!!!!...Throw him in jail!!!
The truth is fair
Smart it takes money to make money.
I thought you were fired J~ !!??  #racist
Bot! Bots get Blocked!
Something tells me that's completely normal. Unfortunately, it's not MSM telling me that. #FakeNews
Whats illegal about that. Key word he had ACCESS. Doesnt mean he used it

Fake
President Trump job approval rating at 49%, Reuters. 3.9 Unemployment
All of MSNBC’s created mess. To many good things happening to consider any of this garbage.
This continuing “dog and pony show” is not going to remove Trump. That’s called an election. Who have the Democrats have? No One? Thought so. Well back to the “dogs and pony’s” Idiots!
Is this report verified by sources like those of the wiretapping?
@MSNBC      Black and Latinos unemployment is lowest ever! Is there a reason why you're not reporting this? 
URANIUM 1
 $135 MILLION HillaryClintonFoundation , Haiti   Smash evidence , Pedo Island  Epstein....
Such negative posts re Joy!
Why are you watching/following?
LORDY, find something else to do!!
So what
Who cares?
They were washing money
Really? And you know that how? What specific crimes were broken?
