Who’s playing lawyer “Lawrence”??? You can try to play lawyer and spin the spinner but in the end the only sucker will be you.
Lawrence would know. He’s a smart as they come.
The clown fooled you.

Thank God.

What flavor Kool-Aid have you been drinking so the sane world can avoid it.
Looks to me your the one with purple lips,drink up.
You really will believe anything that reinforces you personal bias. Just because you want something to be true it does not make it true.

no problems are going on every thing is fine at the white house only lies coming from the media who have no clue on what is going on.President has no legal problems but Comey will and Hillary and fbi and doj
Lol.. because Lawrence says so! MSM Hacks = Fools on Steroids HAHAHAHA HAHAHAHA
I'll bet MSNBC and CNN just fell for the trap that's been laid for you.
Keep up the good work rude I may be able to get rid of him sooner than later
A geriatric moron working for another geriatric moron, both corrupt mobsters, fooling no-one except the most ignorant and clueless (their conservative fanbase).
footnote,... "in just 24 hours",...
Yeah sure and. A couple months ago DT was going to start WW3 with N Korea
MSNBC: RUDY GIULIANI AND TRUMP DESERVE EACH OTHER. PERHAPS THEY CAN BOTH SHARE A CELL.
no we the public are not suckers, w see what the media has and is doing, being bias and mis-leading in its reporting yesterday all of you in the media were saying that with Trumps lawyer being wiretapped the end was in sight, today oops no wire tap, shocker
How long until a negative story about Rudy shows up in the cover of the Enquirer?
Maybe Rudy will bring him down!
Please post Michael Avenatti answering your question!!!
Rudy Giuliani is a jerk
Not really.

The President through Article 2 is covered.

Mueller subpoena threats to President are bogus.
Really your not, Well maybe you should KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT.
trump shoots self in foot again

Come one thats not cool. Lurch and Fester and beloved by millions of not billions around the world 
More clued in too...lol
So very true hehe
?? Ahem. Cohen? There’s probably quite a few more around the world. Just would love to everyone see his taxes. Why is this such a secret?
Think there is a rapport that supercedes the legal nuances? Two old New Yorkers, womanizers, know how business gets done there & feel a level of comfort? The Donald will still throw him under the bus.
HaHaHa
The hate of Trump and America just FYI - turns off the middle so please keep it up!
Apparently America is with this Clown in charge
It could be part of the Trump exit strategy. If he knows trouble is ahead anyway then bring it on.
Will you people please do something with this guy's forehead?  He looks like a giant mushroom.  Unwatchable.
Nice try...you have less to go on by far..the tears will soon fall.  As will your credibility.
C’mon @Lawrence, you’re talking about a man who is a legal legend in his own mind. 
Wanna' know WHO watches Wawwy "STOP THE HAMMERING" O'Donnell? His family.
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned/Nor hell a fury like a Rudy Giuliani scorned. His way at punishing Trump for being left behind is to bring the man down.
You get what you pay for & since trump doesn’t pay his bills, he gets the worst lawyers. Although maybe stormy was the 1st contractor to be paid by trump?
If you believe that you haven’t listened to his entire interview with Hannity. He causes a lot more problems for liberals.
That's what you want your viewers to belive..
That's your narrative.. America will not be suckered
Just so you know. No one cares about this story. MAGA. 7 More Years!!!

au contraire as usual Lawrence
Rudy can't even put a rubic cube together unlike trumps science project ....
@realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse @PressSec and Guiliani all think the American people are suckers.
CNN is lying because Giuliani will put Obama in gitmo and Trump will continue to be the hero of the American people.  MSNBC is lying and crying. Cry cry cry. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @RudyGiuliani @WhiteHouse @TheDemocrats @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr

When I heard Guiliani was appointed  to represent trump I laughed I said he has a poor resume unlike he can't even  walk and chew bubble gum at the same time......
Avenatti is right.
Great false headline. Everyone with Trump is smarter than #FakeNews
I love it that Rudy joined Trump’s legal team!
Opinionated conspiracy reporting. The only thing you can site as proof are your own reports.
I’m surprised he wasn’t featured on Rachel’s #TrumpDeparturesWall  #Maddow #thelastword
the 45th deserves someone like him around to remind him(the 45the) that he is NOT above the law
...and despite the multitude of mistakes #Trump has made since day one, bringing #Giuliani on might prove to be his most monumental mistake of all time!
Give it a week.
Who is Giuliani’s attorney?
Giuliani is representing himself, thus proving the saying... "He who represents himself has a fool for a client."
Says the ego maniac Lawrence O'Donnell
Classic in the making. Riveting. "@Lawrence: Rudy Giuliani is not a lawyer"

How long do you give Emmet Flood until he cannot tolerate working with Trump? Not sure why he is taking this on.
2 great lawyers about time stop Mueller Rudy Giuliani to clean up the FBI DOJ
Giuliani is the Shaquille O’Neal Shooting a Free Throw of lawyers.
Rudy is just getting donnie to come clean, cause Mueller already knows the answers, and if donnie lies.. game over for that 
Trump has surrounded himself with a bunch of wacka-doodles for a legal team.
Damn Nazi failure
your buddy Rudy.. crazier than you are 45. lmfao!
Agree Lawrence!!!!
We're not going to let these Republicans completely  destroy our country. With the racism that was already here, it was already teetering on the brink.
Rudy dressed in drag so Trump could motorboat him! 
Great show last night.
Perhaps Uncle Rudy is upset that he's been left out of the White House for so long because he's certainly putting the screws to his old pal Donnie.
@realDonaldTrump #QAnon #PedoGate #TheGreatAwakening

NEITHER ARE WE YOU INSULTING POS!

YOU'RE COMPLICIT IN TREASONABLE ACTIONS AGAINST THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES & THE AMERICAN PPL!

MUELLER WAS GIVEN OPTIONS, HE WORKS FOR TRUMP OR HE HANGS RIGHT BESIDE BILLARY & BAMMY.
How DARE you have a picture of JFK on as your background and then go off spouting anti-intellectual garbage ? How can you admire JFK and be all for this maga bs and retweet crap from infowars? Calling Lawrence a pos shows how much u r one.
So you mean to tell me...he just got on TV, with Hannity, and started spouting randomness? You all are insane if you believe that. It’s a legal move...it could save Cohen, and it’s smart.
In case anyone missed it...

Rudy is complicit.

He is crazy with fear at the thought of going down for his part in this.

That is why he is on T's legal team after all the sanish ones bolted for the door.

Dowd may well feel consequences yet for his pardon dangle.

Worth noting.
It would seem from your statements, especially the "always wrong" part that you care about his thoughts.
Most people don't pay attention to things they don't care about.
Wow how long did it take you to come up with “Corky”?  Too scared to call him what you want to or just gonna keep pn whistling.
He’s going to blow up Trump’s case all over, aren’t ya Rudy?
Looks like he's getting some sort of intentional revenge.
...in your leftist opinion
Rudy used to be well loved and respected a true Hero for the nation the days following 911 but now he has lost his mind being a trump Puppet ... Who went off script
Lawrence hasn't realized yet that the liberal media has just been played
We all need to fight for our democracy like we are fighting for our lives because we are!
Trump is now thinking he can do whatever he wants and is untouchable. Who's going to stop him? Congress? Even if Dem majority it will never happen. Admit it
Wrong... it will happen
Rudy did what Rudy was instructed to do. There was no mistake made. Don’t be fooled! This is all part of a game plan.

Are WE surprised? --- when I ask.... will this nightmare end?
We;re not but Trump's base is.
Awesome show tonight!


Chances that Trump weasels out of this one: 
