And the crowd  killer "Believe me"
Tax giveaway tobthe rich is not “tax reform”. WTH, nbc? Use the right words. Or are u too scared of retribution?
Is he going to have his  made in the USA?

Helping the wealthy , 3000 lies! Bring on more hookers
Let’s see your taxes buffoon.
If this tax reform is so good. Why does the GOP feel like they have to keep telling us how good it is. If it's that good for working people. We should be able to see it ourselves. The top 1% sure do like it.
Why
No thank u. Too much credit given to Trump lately. Too much coverage of his same tired dog whistle speech! Rudy has already destroyed his credibility as well- no more of their BS LIES
All the liberals talking sure are spending their tax money & living better now then 2 years ago,or liberals are to stupid to see what they are saving or they are the freeloaders living off taxpayers. You liberals are some lazy miserable robots that love to complain of nothing

So did people that were helped by the tax cuts.
What tax reform he’s talking about,  tax cut for the rich and corporations.
He lies. Constantly!
Another "ME" speech.......
Thumbs down!!
I wish you would stop following this creep. Its getting old having to change channels when u have the thug on hanging on to his every lie
You mean TAX SCAM !!
Why is Trump talking about tax reform.  It had already been done.  He is a broken record....or just broken.....or broke.  Why not talk about healthcare, schools, infrastructure....oh, I forgot, those items are too complicated for him.
@NBCMews and @MSNBC. If we keep track of the free air time you give him during this campaign, will you GIVE equal free time to his opponent. We should have done that in 2015-16 campaign. Will you?

trumps America!
We're still waiting for his tax papers, what's he talking about, how to cheat?
This is getting OLD!!!!! Another rally/round table to boost his ego & to pull the wool over the eyes of many!!!!
Thank God we have a working President who is only accepting a $1/yr salary unlike Obama!
the corps and wealthy received tax cuts there was no tax reform - remember how the tax filing was going to get done on a post card?  well it did and does for most of us - but if you have real wealth that's when you get into the loopholes and games to save the wealthy from paying
Tax scam
Shut up already.  None of us benefitted from your tax cuts for the rich.  And now gas prices are going up, the air is dirtier, and they can dump coal Ash in our waters. Great job @realDonaldTrump helping your cronies and getting simple minded people to believe your b.s
Prez your tax reform is not helping American workers. It is corporate welfare. Quit pissing down our backs and telling us it’s raining.
Media needs to stop giving him free airtime. Cover other issues pertaining how his destruction has had on Americans. This is bullshit.
Trumptards!
I’m sure he is very happy with the wealth redistribution
I'm so ashamed that he didn't even say anything about the kids that went to the white house and those parents that you looked into there eyes and told them you was gonna help them an you stabbed them in the back.. like you do all the time. Your the worst.
Tax reform my ass !
Can the president give us the truth about WSJ, report can he tell us the truth of what happened with Mrs Daniels, your own people don't want to deal with you, is the truth gonna come out of you.?, that's a fact Jack.Lets impeach Trump, and make USA great again.with out Trump.
Not reform simply #GOPTaxScam for wealthy and corporations.
Does he speak? Or just ramble,lie,ramble, lie
Run over the president's speech because you know he's talkin real dollars and cents for the American people so keep talking over them and people change the channel so they can hear what he's saying
his tax reform was to give the richest Americans more money when the economy was already better than ever

he is basically the Buhari of the U.S.
0 break the narrative pornstars mean nothing to America what the president does for the American people count you guys are pathetically drawn into the never ending trash Trump Theory
@NBCNews It's A Scam
0 who cares about Donald Trump's personal pass it's what he does for the American people that count get it right MSNBC you are getting very pathetic not worth watching anymore
@realDonaldTrump Why is there not an everyday American citizen that lives paycheck to paycheck on the panel 
We could tell you how we're spending that $1.50 a week we get
Have NO IDEA why MSNBC keeps contributing to his campaign of lies by broadcasting every single rally/speech.  I don't remember other presidents getting this kind of airing.
Nobody cares about Stormy Daniels break the narrative you guys are getting pathetic give us some real news in the world like billionaires have never slept around you guys are getting sad by the day
Why did you stop covering this event???????

Some of the audience members have expressed that they are praying for #45. If those prayers work as well as the ones they send after a mass shooting, then #45 is screwed; prayer and all!
This is a bunch of BS.  An amway event except instead of selling household products they’re selling Donald trump!
Put the President back on your FAKE STATION instead of your liberal pundits.
Wtf does he know about tax reform?
Nice #bodylanguage #worstpresidentever #Treason #ImpeachTrump #taxbreakfortherich
Why do you cover this crap?  Why do you give this bozo free air time?  Enough of this enabling.
I love President Trump.
So grateful for the remote control and mute button.  #NotWatchingThisClown
You think anyone of these people with jobs and bonuses care about Media’s obsession with Stormy.
MSNBC stopped their coverage of President Trump because they don't want to hear the truth from real people from Ohio
Just republicans?
Hey, play back what that lady said at the end.  She said she wanted to Thank him for NOT making her life easier.
That guy who got a job in 2014. Obama was president then. Why dont he thank him. And trump should talk to the farmers and see what they have to say instead of a few hand picked people
How much does her husband make. Cause I make about 27,000 to 30,000 An I still make the same and my  taxes,are the same one thing is for sure  you won't talk to Mueller an the truth will set you free.
This is absolute nonsense. Flew airforce 1 for this? Really? It was a session to introduce husbands.
Instead of just repeating Trump’s job growth claims, can you maybe remind people that the economy has added jobs every month since October 2010, and Obama was President for 75 of those 91 months.
I will stop watching & stop following & retweeting @MSNBC if you continue to give #TraitorTRump live broadcast of his hateful racist rallies full of lies & #FakeNews. It's not right. I CALL B.S.
#BoycottTRumpRallies & if it continues #BoycottMSNBC #ICallBS
BAIT AND SWITCH BICHES GOP r..in a few years all workers will have permanent tax increases..while rich will have permanent tax cuts..really.
The bankruptcy king??? Doesn't know his ass from his head!!
The tax event is I see no difference in my paycheck. Taxes remain the same.
I swear, if you stupid media outlets give him all the coverage in 2020 while ignoring his opponents AGAIN, I will never watch mainstream media again. #boycott
He jumped on the plane to go meet her husband Kevin who was telling us how they loved a steel plant that was closing and how he found a new job. This is really really wasteful spending.
Such bull, sitting there liars, con artists. Stroking TRUMPS ego, crisis actors.
Pure idiot!! Knows nothing about tax reform, only gave his mob family a billion dollar tax cut.....and the nation will feel the collapse
What is going to lie about here? “Send me a bill, I will sign it”. You are afraid of the nra?  This is a waste of time, he is a waste of space.
Isn't that rich, coming from the tax evading moron.
Trump is a serial liar. Trump’s Tax Scam bill is ruining our economy.
Why bother airing someone who is incapable of telling the truth? You are an enabler, NBC.
He has absolutely no idea what he's talking about. 
Jobs I still don't see the money you talking about on my http://check.so  I don't see where you helping people an I'll show you my paycheck live on t.v. to show you your a lie an a fraud. Can't wait to you stop hurting people with your lies. I don't see it on my check
If this man’s coherence does not petrify you, probably you are either dead, or petrifying yourself.
Boy does he give out a lot of incorrect information!
GOP THIEFS

Tax reform ??  You mean “tax sham reform”..  Glad we could clear that up !!
So tired of the word fake news Trump is fake news what a bunch of bs!!
He has no idea what he is talking about.
Good tax cuts only helps the very wealthy don’t lie you know that I know that and you lying to the American people
No such thing as “trickle down”
No thanks.
It always amazes me how many people vote against their economic interests
You just keep shoveling that shit 
Over 3,000 LIES!
What he doing in Cleveland on a weekend he doesn’t have a golf course there oh I know there’s a porn conversation that must be it he told his wife he was to talk about “tax reform “
That’s ok, I’m sure reruns of The Golden Girls are on
There you go again talking about the same shit over and over and over and saying nothing by all means throwing in the fake news
Why do you continue to air 45 live? Watch it and if he says *anything* that is true, show that. Remember Michelle Wolfe?
Like Wolf said it's about profiting.
MSNBC mentioned Trump's visit to Cleveland was a rally for his 2020 campaign fund. True? Thought it was illegal for sitting president to campaign using our tax money?
Yep, and NBC is already giving him free airtime. Michelle Wolfe spoke truth!
Just stop NBC!!!
Stop!   Damn it!  Didn't you learn anything in '16?  No free air time!
Lies and the ranting of a mad man
That's rich. The man who won't release his tax returns is speaking on tax reform. Oh the irony.
"Boy this tax bill we passed is working out great, companies have saved millions in tax dollars, and given out those $1,000 bonus checks we promised you..." #InvisibleWageIncreases
The lies are nauseating
Gave the farm away to the top 2% and called it a tax break.
Could you please STOP airing every friggin’ event that he is at, already?!? Change channel like I always do when I see his IT the  face and can’t stand his voice/sight for more than 3 seconds! And I know I’m not the only one!
I feel the pain on your face and the guilt you must feel for this country.
That's the tsx plan that gives 85% of 1.5 Trillion dollars to the top 1% most wealty.

That leaves 15% of 1.5 Trillion to be divided between 99%, but unevenly.

Seem fair?

If it was fair, 99%of us would share 99% of the 1.5 trillion dollars. A lousy $1 per week does nothing 4 me


He did not visit South Dallas, Texas or  THE GROVE
So @MSNBC @NBCNews are going to continue broadcasting his lies. That's helpful.
Why? Didn’t they already vote that monstrosity into law? So this is a campaign event at this point right?
Make the rich wealthier and middle class poorer. I hate you Trump
What your doing is obstruction,we can't wait to election time so you an your supporters can go with you I'm so ashamed to have you as the president. So ashamed.
Just turned the channel!  No wonder he won, free campaigning air time AGAIN!!!!!!
I didn't even bother to watch.
Just go away, Trump.
Trump: Let’s make you rich people richer. 

A bunch of white people at that table.
@realDonaldTrump tell everyone that it is a taxscam and 87% of the benefit is going to the top 1%. Also admit how much it enriches you!!!!!
Oh stop the lies.  It's all you are capable of.

TRUMP IS A CON MAN, HIS vocabulary is ELEMENTARY AT BEST........lie AFTER LIE AFTER LIE AFTER LIE, after ATTACKS

Trump2020
On immigration ?
How to know Trump is lying:  

1. Everybody is talking about...
2. People are saying...
3. We'll see what happens...
4. When you take a look at what's happening with...
5. XYZ is massive.
6. People and things are pouring in.
7. In a very short period of time....
You forgot: “Believe me!”
Yes, so true.
"Nobody lies better than him, believe me,"
He is so full of shit watch is eyes turn brown.
Trump doesn't know anything about taxes or tax reform. He only knows how to evade taxes!
There was zero change in my tax refund, no gain, same. Big business is making record gains in 1st quarter...GOP is lying their ass off
Tax cuts and more government spending.. oh my hoe tge Russians are getting their money’s worth!!
Не трогайте русских.
President Trump rambles, brags, lies in Cleveland Ohio.
Hahaha what an idiot


Yap yap yap you can’t hide Trump!
Stop covering the imbecile
stop giving this wind bag liar air time, enough now this is not news worthy and you are doing a disservice to the country!
#GOPTaxScam  #CrookedDonald
Why is he on TV, every single fu*cking day? Oh that's right, it's a reality TV show. Who could have possibly guessed?
So many good things to promote!
Wish we could go a day without putting this liar on tv
I hope you doesn’t think that they have done any tax reform, because they have not.
Thief and liar.
NBC. More free coverage for lies and bullshit. I'm losing my patience with you all.


President Winging It
And the lies continue..
More lies to the American people @realDonaldTrump
Enough of this loser. Enough. Go away. #ImpeachTrump #Jail

Comical! Tax scam cuts and then tax reform. If you’re not going to get rid of the carried interest loophole and others,this is redundant
That is because he has done none of that.    Trade, foreign policy?  China just told them to pound sand yesterday on tariffs.  #foxcult
You mean he lies
Stop giving him free publicity and air time to spread his lies
Love Trump and this economic climate!
Bahahaha! Obama was a disaster. Trump is elected, tax cuts enacted, regs rolled back, things take off.  #facts #logic
Why do you continue to treat this President as normal?

His ill informed rants are not normal.
They are not coherent policy.

Try making these things clearer.
Is Cleveland another leg of 
Trump's
tax-funded
adulation tour?
Why?
#TaxScam
The only people benefiting are rich people.

I give him 5 minutes before he starts ranting about Mueller.
5 minutes? That's generous.
15 minutes top on winning the election
10 on Kanye
5 on no collusion
#StopSyntheticWeedNationwide
Why was this store allowed to poison our citizens? @jaketapper @donlemon @CarolHLN @smerconish @ananavarro @CNN 
Yet another reason Cleveland sucks!
Live: President Trump lies on tax reform in Cleveland, Ohio.
