Surprise Surprise Surprise
Told you this would happen. The @GOP 's #TaxScam was just that, a tax scam that screwed the other 99% of tax payers.
Of course
That's not what we see in our weekly checks. I did see an increase and it dies to the tax breaks. Stop pushing ur lies. #MAGA
In other news, the sky is blue
Trump’s on CNN right now from Ohio where his guest panel of 4 people who say they are benefitting from the crumbs thrown their way!!! Yay!!! 4 people as opposed to millions!! You gotta‘ give him credit for finding 4...!!!
Probably the only 4 in Ohio who aren’t millionaires.
Fake news. I am in California  and I benefited. .we now if we get rid of the globalist  leaders in CA  . All would be great.
& let's not forget that when we say "corporations are benefiting" we really mean, "investors / major shareholders". 

Sometimes the very same people who put said corporate tax cuts into effect.
we have heard from the millions that have been writing on twitter about how much the extra in there pay checks means to http://them.You  are out of touch with middle America and don't under stand a little extra means more food for there families.
Of course not!  It's just the greedy @GOP lying...again...as they do so well.  Anyone who's old enough to remember "trickle down" economics KNEW this was NEVER going to benefit middle America.  But this is the WORST kind of one-sided giveaway the country's ever seen!
Like the American people believe anything @MSNBC has to report @realDonaldTrump is winning for all people I'm in NYS and my paychecks have about 30$ more in a high tax libtard controlled state I call that winning #FakeNews
Congress only passed it for themselves and the rich, they are greedy old men
That was a suckerpunch and you all fell for it
People who say they are seeing benefit shop at dollar stores
Stick you head in the sand much?
#Trump doesn’t care about the workers just the companies that benefited from the tax cuts and himself!!
Well, msnbc, it appears you haven’t looked very hard.
Hasn’t helped me.
Do you actually buy into and believe that corporate tax cuts would actually benefit workers? Will never happen.
Let’s ask a Trump voter how their personal life has been improved.
WANT HIGHER TAXES VOTE DEMOCRAT...WANT HIGHER GAS PRICES VOTE DEMOCRAT. ..WANT YOUR RIGHTS TAKEN AWAY VOTE DEMOCRAT. ..
It’s the same lie the GOP has been peddling since Reagan. In every instance it’s hurt the working man, yet the Rights Nutters keep buying it.
And the other super rich people!!! #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW  #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP  #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP  #LockTrumpCrimeFamilyUP  #HangTraitors #HangTRUMP #HangTraitors #HangTRUMP
Must be all the fake evidence from msnbc then!  McDonalds offering $12 per hour tell you something?  Dimwits!
Should that be "NO EVIDENCE"?
@MSNBC       And there's little evidence that workers are not benefiting! 
Really???? Who could have predicted that?
I know, right? It's almost like what they said about it wasn't true. Like, a lie or something.
You mean the tax cuts that happened 3 months ago... ok. I'm enjoying my extra $100 a paycheck
My insurance deducted went up, but I'm still netting $150 more per check per week. Company (that employees more than 20000 people) now gives an annual bonus of 1k to non management employees. Think it had an impact with some.
When the out years arrive and working class pays for rich tax scam, corporations take the big bucks and buy back stock, not passing it on to workers.
Duh!
Keeping more of there hard earned money is the benefit vs giving politicians money to spend on there pet projects
Just like Reagan! Wages are not increasing! Only stockholders will enjoy the benefits! So disappointed in Congress passing this piece of crap! Our children and grandchildren will be left holding the bill!
Evidently Ohio got all the money.
Other than the bonuses and idividual lower taxes you forgot to say. And also you know it takes time. Geez.
Thirty years isn’t enough? Lol
Rewrite - "There's little evidence that workers and trump voters are benefiting from the big corporate tax cuts passed into law this year. But, the trump voters haven't noticed. They are too distracted by their belief that white supremacy is back."
Tax breaks never work they are sort of a necessary evil
We, the tax payers knew this, but the GOP- Congress chose to lie and pass this legislation anyway.
Surprise, Surprise!
Tune in to Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting!  Warren Buffet will tell you just the opposite of your #FakeNews!
@SenateMajLdr
Really? Anecdotally people everywhere on the internet are talking about taking home more of their money. As an aside I see even rural McDonald's offering $12 as a minimum wage. 

NPR reported people don't seem to be bothered by $3 gas.

Sure looks good from this end.
DID THE WORKERS ACTUALLY BELIEVE TAX CUTS WERE FOR THEM? I DIDN'T!!! THEY CAN THANK ryan AND THE gop
There is not a lot of evidence but there IS a little evidence that workers ARE benefiting from Trump tax cuts. #MAGA
I am not surprised; the tax cut is a scam to enrich the rich and in the end middle and lower income groups will bear the burden of paying for this.
No sh*t Batman!
Got a $5.19 pay increase per week.   
Just wait ... we’ll “benefit” soon enough from the wars ... military, class, trade, hate ... Who do you think gets to fight them?
But dems want to increase taxes?
What ! MSNBC making up news again
Your AGENDA will not work
Well i'll be darned, didn't see that coming
Oh and MSNBC is such a reliable source for truth. 
More photos of people who refuse to work
Duh.
Well Trump said it’s working so they should stop whining and get back to work, right?
We all knew that. Paul Ryan mentioned the $1.50
3.9% in April, anyone? Workers are getting jobs and wages are rising. To historically fantastic levels, in the case of #AfricanAmericans and #Hispanics AND #WOMEN.
Your article and reporting are so biased, journalistic ethics would turn in its grave.
No evidence!
I’m shocked. SHOCKED I tell you
Too bad no one told them that would probably happen....
Oh yeah here's a surprise. 
It's not like this was predicted or that economic experts haven't been saying it all along.
Tax breaks for the rich never help the economy, they do not help the poor nor do they help the middle classes. 
All they do is make the rich, richer.
A feature not a bug.
Poor democrats, still DESPERATELY trying to poo-poo Trump's IRS TAX CUT. 
I bought a new guitar with my TAX CUT.
No shit!
Good grief! No kidding
There is a clear misunderstanding of what the corporate world is there to do. Maximize profitability. So expecting them to pay people more because the bottom line is going to be better is ludicrous. They will invest in “productivity” - do more with less people if wages rise.
Ok ..so let’s vote them out and stop this crap of the poor keeping the rich rich..we can do it..cuz the rich do not care!! VOTE THEM OUT!!
Yes and now that our president has divided Americans and united OPEC surprising the are primarily muslim countries. 
How many additional dollars are going to these countries?
Duh!
It’s been a m
The tax cuts helped us we see less taken out of his check and we got a little back on taxes this year
Non of my client are showing any relief for there employees
MSNB.S.
@tedlieu   I’m averaging $53 more per week since the new tax plan took affect 

- Tasty crumbs
Maybe you aren't.
Economists agree with you @marcorubio. It’s the truth. Have courage and stop hiding from it. 
#TellTheTruth
Really? I haven't see anything!
"To the victors go the spoils." Big business has won and they'll go down kicking and screaming before they will share the profits with anyone!
WTF? Trump lied to us???
The HR people could have told you that.
That’s because they aren’t rich!
More #FakeNews & bias reporting from a Democrat Propaganda Machine. The tax cuts help me & my family out tremendously!
With the little taxes they will bring in with new tax cuts to the top earners and businesses...recession will hit soon!
@NBCNews @noahoppenheim @nbc 

#FireReid   #Liar   #Bigot    #Racist

Stop protecting Joy Reid!  She made her bed, now she must lie in it!
I'm shocked.
No kidding, who thought it would???
Why does that surprise anyone? Did you really think trump was telling the truth?
Bullshit, I get 24 bucks more a week. Wait till tax time next year, bitches.

#MAGA
It was never meant to help workers. I will keep repeating this & maybe the base will wake up at some point & understand they have been conned!#JimJones
I am shocked. Trickle down doesn’t work?
UNFIT DJT & Republicans tax cuts were not for workers. The tax cuts were for the rich and company owners. Remember that when you go to vote.
Just as we knew would happen.
Sure they are unemployment is at an18 year low because corporate tax cuts allow companies to invest and hire you pos lying traitor #media tyrants
Duh
Because the tax cuts didn’t create any new demand. To do that you’d have to give people who buy things more money.
I know i'm not benifiting the usual 3%
Gee... Go figure.
Wrote 42 part plan How to payoff national debt on January 20, 2018 twitter.  IMF The Realities of Modern Hyperinflation PDF.  IMF Externalities:  Prices Do Not Capture All Costs
How much more will it increase national debt?  How dumb are corporations?  Bureau of Labor Statistics BLS Inflation Calculator need over $700 now to have same buying power as $250 in January 1981 when national debt under $1 trillion.  Making more money not matter much if

IF WE THE people here on Twitter don't do ANYTHING else this weekend ................ WE NEED TO POUND ALL THE NEWS FROM TODAY INTO THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA UNTIL THEY GET THEIR REPORTING RIGHT!!!

…
Another liberal lie.
Evidence? Facts? Lol! These are just words.
You see what you want to see. It’s only crumbs, anyway. Right ms. Pelosi?
No?? Shocking!
Maybe they need to talk to the company they work for!!
Uh, BS....
Hmmm you appear to be engaging in what could be described as “fake news” tsk, tsk...
My relative said that he received $12 extra in his paycheck because of tax cut.  He just got a $10 raise in his Gov subsidized rent.  Oh well...
3.9%
Is this really a surprise to anyone? I'm still waiting to see those extra 5 bucks per paycheck that Paul Ryan promised I'd get.
Shhhh..... don't tell that base of his that he feeds off of...
But according to liberals who give obama credit for everything good happening under trump, give it time
MSNBC doesn't know anything. I got an increase and a bonus and my taxes reduced by 15% and that is just 2017. MSNBC is Stupid chicken little. Too bad MSNBC doesn't know America. @POTUS
SURPRISED.!! I'M NOT THE REPUBLICAN TAX SCAM WAS NEVER MEANT TO BENEFIT WORKING PEOPLE.
Fir Gods sake - DUH. What planet is everybody on. We knew this in December. #WakeTheFrickUp
No one in my set saved any money!  In fact, I got back a little less than last year!
We paid more this year.  No benefit to us.
More Fake news. 401k worth more. Higher wages. Many bonuses. Lower unemployment. Lower taxes. Better economy. Thank Trump. Have to have your head in the sand to not see benefit for middle class.
What higher wages?  People in the workplace has leveled off. Of course unemployment people aren't looking for jobs
Gosh, NOBODY saw that coming. I sure hope the other 50 percent wakes up on Election Day.
Duh
That wasn’t the plan the plan of Yrump/GOP is to erase middle class and have a 2 tier society. Until people realize that and stop thanking them for crumbs it will only get worse.
They have cut full time hours down from 40 to 32 for us and no merit this year. Thank you the GOP and Trump. I’ll see you in November!
Little evidence? There is NO evidence. Because business doesn’t work that way. Profits & windfalls go to investors. Corporations won’t pay more or hire unnecessary workers. Sharply raise taxes & offer deductions for hiring, expansion & wage hikes - and that’s what will happen.
Bet the President is benefiting though...
Gee what a surprise.  Sadly, the minions still think Spanky and the GOP are helping them.  Kool aid anyone?
Cash bonuses, more money in paychecks from other tax cuts, more people in workforce, time for biz to catch up... biased news
"More people in workforce"?

Yeah. No. 

135,000 jobs - the fewest jobs created in six months

236,000 people left the labor force in April, adding to the 158,000 who quit in March. The labor force participation rate...fell to 62.8 percent last month.
Trump and Republicans passed a #GOPTaxScam an lied to all Americans
I'm enjoying the extra $150 in my paycheck.
there's a lot of evidence. don't you read the papers?
No kidding!
Who is it exactly you are appealing to? Don’t you think workers are well aware?

But if you think you can facilitate the democratic establishment winning solely on yet another round of tax cuts not working think again.

No different than dem trickle down stimulus n Bush tax cuts.
FAKE NEWS!

Government for the wealthy by the wealthy.
#NoDuh
Cost of living was 3.4%
We received a 2.5%
No bonus...just a tee shirt with the company logo...making us a walking billboard...I said, “No thank you!”
Stunning! Never saw this coming
Shocking
Anyone who thought they would is nuts. Went into CEO and share holder pockets.
Yup... Everyone I know has been complaining that they are being taxed too much...
@MSNBC Cutting Taxes Will Hurt The Economy
Ok you are lost on Russian Collusion, Black unemployment, Hispanic unemployment, women unemployment, companies hiring and wages going up. Everything better than Obama and your quoting certain economists you like. There are the same if not more economists saying your wrong.
I’m getting more money in my paycheck
REALLY?! Who would have thought that?!
Absolutely, No one has gotten any bonuses, left current job for a better one created because of deregulation. Unemployment is not down. Stop believing the twisted fact manipulation by outlets like CNN and MSNBC.
I’m enjoying more take home pay and I’m not a corporation
@marcorubio was right. Too bad he voted wrong, though.
Tell that to the booming economy
But wages are going nowhere.  Just not like he said. He made the rich richer is all he did
your in another world, and completely unreachable, bye bye
It's called reality
Really? #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
WHAT??
Well duh!
When do workers figure it out. Walk out like the teachers?
You first.
Such a surprise, trickle down doesn't work.
The psychology of the rich is to force the lower classes to learn to make due with less. Those lower on the rung learn to tighten their belts until it becomes natural. It's a force down on expectations in standards of living. Once u learn to do without, u never miss it.
Holy cow! That’s it! Even if we don’t accept this fate, we don’t have time to fight for fairness, justice and a better future. Many of us are forced to struggle just to survive and make ends meet.
Day in and day out, we keep our heads down tolling just to keep food on the table, pay the rent, school lunches and clothes for the kids. The rich knows that and we get excited about a $2 raise when we should be demanding a $10 raise. They know we'll accept it
Resist it!!
Well first have to have a real job. And will see it when do tax also. Work for big corporation and every employee getting more. So think msnbc again reports the negative
FAKE NEWS.   Again and Again, you hear about bonuses workers have never gotten before.  Again and Again you hear about jobs created by the savings companies get from tax cuts.  unemployment rate lowest since 2000.  I am personally experiencing $50 more Per Check
Like always. More bull shit!!
You have to actually work to benefit
My check is bigger so suck on that #Fakenews
I'm shocked!
Try telling that to all of the people who got raises end bonuses
Your kidding right, please don't insult us.
Just 3.9% unemployment. But that is nothing right. No president in our lifetime has done it. Wait except @POTUS
THIS ...THIS...RESISTANCE RT THIS TILL YOU BLEED....OVER AND OVER EACH DAY.

This article is total nonsense!
Fake news
Try to be serious, bashing Trump is your mission but the tax cut just happened , like saying you haven't gotten fat yet after the pizza was finished ...
And that is a big fat lie.
That’s a lie, plus every worker got a tax cut. Does  it hurt to be so dishonest and to treat your audience as if they were not bright?
Maybe they can fetch Bill Clinton's coffee, before they "kiss it."
This is news?
All of you naive uninformed people the real tax benefits will come when you complete your 2018 tax return
Lol. You don't know how taxes work, do you?
Duh!
Duh.
That's because it's only helpful for their bosses
says the liard at nbc....hay wheres brokaw?.....
Duh!!
I got a raise! Share your story
Not a white person is line
Not to mention the number of layoffs that's occurring around this country. State of Ohio takes a 37% taxe off the top of any lump sum payouts. In addition to the Federal taxes, and local payroll taxes on gross income. You're left in a higher tax bracket and bread crumbs.
Have you thought about starting a home based business?
And we won't, it wasn't meant for us. It was meant for the big companies and the wealthy.
Of course! Pretty much every economist on Earth predicted as much. The GOP was touting that nonsense, knowing full well it wouldn't benefit workers ... they just wanted to make sure their big money campaign contributes keep paying.
NBC's record of accurate reporting continues to fail miserable
There’s one family in Ohio according to 45.
Yah think
If the goal was to help individuals it made much more sense and would have been much more efficient to give directly to them instead of paying$100 to hope for$1 worker benefit.  More money to consumers benefits business with increased demand. Increased demand creates jobs.
Nobody believes you...please keep at the resistance.
