Rachel Tells It Like It Is!! 
@kmcbrd2 @TomGSW 
@BonnieKipperman 
@AlaskaHoodwinx 
@MissRossi @MSHNLP
@msmithobx @omen_syria
@AlanaBowker @qcheur 
@OGHARIT @Louangie @KontikiDave ALOHA, KD
Haha!
Here’s one for a Saturday morning:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOeKidp-iWo&list=RDcOeKidp-iWo&sns=tw … 
#PianoJam
cc: @DrMichelleSays 
“That’s just the way it is...”
“...haaa, but don’t you believe them”
This is so true. Your segment was much more interesting. There will be 10 more versions by Monday.
I feel exactly how you feel. This is all distraction. No one will be held accountable anyway even tho the story changes every hour.
Thank you, Rachel, for filtering out the mind numbing noise. 
So true. I loved law school last night.

Also love that she is willing to spend the entire A block explaining the context so things make more sense.
I loved Law School, too! That was fabulous. With every show she has an uncanny way of cutting through all the crazy and putting everything into perspective.
I really really appreciate your coverage about Rosenstein tonight, Rachel. 

He’s a patriot and a hero, and every American should be paying attention to this. Thanks to you for helping us better understand it!
Really enjoyed the Rosenstein story tonight. Keep up the great work!
This
Thank you for, once again, bringing the real issue(s) into specific relief and not focusing on the noise. #maddow #WhyWeWatch #NeverMissMaddow
The main event has arrived. Where should I stand?  #Avenaughty #MakeAmericaNaughtyAgain #basta
Thank you @maddow for the brilliant story on Rosenstein. I only wish those that are trying to destroy the DOJ and impeach him would watch this segment. What an incredibly upstanding man and defender of our justice system.
Great show.  Thanks for in-depth on the real issues from our on-going horror reality show!
I love that Rachel is happy to bypass all the wtf and focus on important things that we would have otherwise missed. 
…Maddow I watched did I miss you covering Judge Ellis telling the Mueller team they’re “lying”?

Ohh you’re covering unpaid parking tickets to erase an election got it check!
You might have turned away. With all due respect, she did.
Main event is JUDGE TOLD MUELLER HE LIED
I didn’t read that in the article. Did you make that up?
No one cares! But nice try! @maddow
Bot
Bot
Brainless magatard loser go serve him a happy meal
More @HillaryClinton voters. Obsessed and pathetic!!
Rosenstein is really smart going public so people know where he stands about the oath he has taken & dedication. Meadows & Jordan should think about the oath they also have taken before both of them get locked up for obstruction. Everyone can see what they are doing. TRAITORS!
I absolutely loved your show tonight! It was a nice break from the repeating news all day
Thank you for not doing the Giuliani hair on fire.......really thank you!
This is why you’re the best  #instincts
This is a car crash. The fireman should throw a sheet over Rudy Giuliani. 

Can't not look. Careers dead everywhere.
#FakeNews
Damn I missed your show.  Did you talk about the newly less redacted memos turned over today? Probably not im sure. Thats real important news but you ignore that kind of stuff.
Well just caught the show and to my surprise you did speak about it. In a very condescending way of course. And just a fyi a POTUS is more important than a deputy ag.
#LickAWitch
Say What?

#LickAWitch
Andbits destroying you ignorant liberal sheep.
Bahahaha 

#LickAWitch
#LickAWitch
DC would become a tent city if @realDonaldTrump interferes with the investigation
I am awarding @maddow an early Emmy. Fierce, kick ass journalist with her eye on the important things amidst the landslide of crap Emmy. Thank you, Rachel and team. Invaluable.
What will we do with a normal, ethical President?
 Our country will die of boredom. (Not really)
They can’t even get together and agree on the version of the lie they want to tell.
Compelling story in regards to Rod Rosenstein.  Kudos to him. I do hope his health can withstand the pressure he is under and my question is:  Who is going to stand up for him when the very very corrupt GOP/White House try to impeach him? 
The only collusion (steel dossier) that has been found is with the Clinton campaign. The only party that has professed communists in their ranks are the Democrats. The only person selling out our uranium to Vladimir is Hillary. And they say Trump is in bed with Russia. LMAO!!!!

I just have one advise for Giuliani: according to what I’ve seen, your mind is becoming decrepit, you don’t stand a chance against Rosenstein and Mueller. Then there is Avenatti in the mix. Please creep off
So so so happy you give us fresh news,  pls keep it up Rachel! 
THE REST OF THE MEDIA SEEMS TO THINKS CAMPAIGN VIOLATIONS ARE MORE DIRE THAN TREASON. THANKS FOR KEEPING IT REAL 
She is always right on point
I enjoyed the show tonight! A great reprieve from the other headlines!
The fact you constantly want to take down Trump is a disgrace.
The Madcow blogg forgot to mention this!! 
Thanks R.M. Your May 4th 2018 show. Fulfilled the hunger to better understand our dear democracy. You are a swell guide.
No not much of a story - but imagine if he coerced a 20 year old intern into sex in the Oval Office! Now that would be a story Rachael!!!
History will be kind to Rosenstein
Rachel - you have been absolutely phenomenal in bringing sanity and truth to what is going in that whorehouse Whitehouse. Thank you for all of your hard work&research to bring to light -  truth and justice and clarity!
MSNBC ratings in the toilet just hanging on with a few left can’t believe Hilary lost. Blah blah blah. Tax cuts wall North Korea immigration no more money to countries against America. MSNBC in the toilet.
Thanks MADCOW for making me lol. Love the constant hand motion but not the stupid smirk. You’d do well on the comedy channel.
The democrats and MSNBC and CNN are going to fall flat on their faces.  Things are looking bad for them on the Russian collusion.
Hey! What about what the federal judge said today about the Mueller team/investigation?  How do you like those apples?
The Fake News is ignoring the REAL news.(u know what we’re talking about.
Can we all over the world see this guys taxes? Can you imagine how many other lawyers and people he has done stuff with? TAXES. TAXES. TAXES.
A federal judge sharply challenged special counsel Robert Mueller's prosecution team Friday. Why are you ignoring this breaking story?
You're right. The main event is a federal judge saying Mueller's team lied; @comey caught in a bald faced lie after House Intel Report is unredacted some more, and unemployment rate of 3.9% - - 3.9%, Rach....how excited are you?
Distraction tactics.
Thank you!! I've been trying to figure out what is behind all the white (house) noise.
Can you please mention Alabama's candidates running for Govenor kay ivey needs to be voted out
This woman is so stinking evil that even her breathing stinks through the tv thank Gid I have febreeze and Clorox
Why don’t you hold the Clintons and Obamas to the same standards as Trump???
Can someone pls tell me, what’s the mental disorder she’s suffering from.? She needs help & her viewers
Your not you’re .
Liberal Education 

#LickAWitch

when one gets nauseous it could be a number of things including following American politics too much
Don't look at this, because mainstream media want you to look at their latest shiny key instead
Come on.. where is the 2 weeks of solid coverage about Kerry violating the Logan act like you did Flynn.
I LOVE that while most of MSM is feeding the BS beast, you keep your eyes on the ball. Thank you!
Shut the fux up
only one to stumble is Maddow who is payed to lie and attack the president by the democrats.We have a list of 7 journalist who are all paid.We have the times that is part of the deep state that helped Hillary in the elections
Thank you for covering more than just the drama these goons serve us daily. It’s refreshing. This story is what matters most.
If dt or gop gets rid of the DAG we all need to take to the streets, walk out of work/school to protest.
Exactly.
I suppose people like Meadows, Jordan & Nunes believe they should be allowed to obstruct a DOJ investigation, but that the DOJ does not have the right to go after them for doing so. Delusions of being above the law. Spreading like a virus.
Trump/GOP strategy is to further obstruct justice. Double down all over again.
What?  They change their story over and over?  I’m shocked.
Hard to know what are lies and truth.
Rudy Giuliani is way over his head. Like Trump, no lie nor extreme slanderous statement goes too far.
And this is why she is the best...well said.
Well well well looks like we have another liar and her names Rachel Maddow
Get an education in the English language, #MSNBC and #Maddow: #POTUS   #Trump said he did not make the payment and did not know about it then.   He did NOT say that he did not learn about it later and repaid it. If  you read English properly, you can see the difference.
Obama lost 17k manufacturing jobs in his final year and said they were never coming back. Trump added 300k.
We don’t care about Stormy!!!!
They need to get their lies straight
Sooo sick of this corrupt administration and sooo sick of our corrupt Congress always looking the other way.....the American people our helpless right now BUT can’t wait for the election

Blink. Blink...blink...blink. Blink
Enjoy the Nobel prize

Shut the fuck up already you longneck freak
Who cares about his affair as a civilian? Enough is enough!! Women hurting women is pathetic!! Melania has enough on her hands, must you women continue to hurt her??
You liberals don’t get it.

Lol ! When a glorified paid hooker uses a rendition of the Star Spangled Banner 2 defend that she didn’t go lower than the lowest!  https://twitter.com/stormydaniels/status/992394912388861952 …
She's so dreamy
58% of Americans DON'T approve of trump.  Most Americans think Ivanka, Jared, & Don Jr. are as much involved in money laundering, bank fraud, russian collusion as daddy trump-they all belong in jail...lock em up.
Let’s say for arguments sake there was a campaign finance violation...Obama had a 2 million dollar campaign finance violation his fine was almost triple what Trumps alleged violation would be 
One is the end of the world the other no one heard about or remembers
Why? #TDS
do we have a Kanye west judge in Virginia???Brother please
Nobody cares.
Maddow..... Where is Hillary after her ass beating in 2016 ?
So many trolls to block tonight!




exactly . and so what is this admittance covering up? A deeper  criminal act?
It is so hard to keep all the lies straight.  He has to be brought up to speed on the most current lie.  I do not think he has been told the truth and the really big thing Trump and Cohen are trying so hard to hide.
The tendency to succumb to a form of dementia seems to be exacerbated by extended close proximity to Trump. It appears to be more prevalent in older white males and some rare young blond females.
That’s enough from you madcow
Love you Rachel! You are amazing!
Poor Donald. To be a good liar, you have to have a perfect memory. He doesn’t.
Jesus said, The Devil is the Father of Lies. That makes,
Trump his son
Rudy J. His Son  
Sarah Huckleberry His niece     
Cohen his Son 
-The Devil has a lot of Family members connected to Trump going down in Flames
#TheDevil Is A Liar
#LiarsLyingAboutLying
so much chaos, dis/mis information from Trump camp/administration
#Enough
#ProtectRosenstein
#ProtectMueller 
#RuleOfLaw

@MaddowBlog Good Show
Do you have anything better to report @maddow and @MSNBC? How is this helping the forgotten hardworking American middle class? Can’t wait until election night 2018. America will speak clearly...again!!!
That's alright. Three of his colleagues wrote a high praise letter for him and that invalidates any charges a woman might raise against him. Don't tell me that's stupid.

"We'll follow through with disappointing anticlimax right after this!"
wow, false testimony by a acting defense lawyer is second rate compared to acting congress functionally upending federal investigation they themselves invoked? Sound legal, if you're quantitively inept. Well it is the GOP investigation and they hate reality, so yeah..
At last! Sideshow No More!

This is the main event.

