Turns out you've been wrong about a lot of things.
She peaked at 12, it’s been a slow decline ever since. I have no idea what anyone sees in this moment
The dumbest news host ever.
Then why are you watching?
Yep and why tweet?
I watch for the train wreck.
Thank you Mika, I'm 60 now, oh to be 51 again!  I figured it out when I hit my mid 40's, the realization that I didn't care what someone thought of me because I was comfortable with myself.  More young women need to hear this message.  I changed careers at 54, what a ride!
Actually, she knows how to interview and she's quite prepared. See her w/ Avenatti couple weeks ago? Had it been anyone else, she'd have made mince meat out of 'em. If you don't care for her style, why do you watch/follow? Is it because she's a Democrat?
Thank God I'm not the only one I spent my entire life rushing to go nowhere now that I stopped doing it I have all the time in the world
My personal feel is a lady ages and gets better. Look at Hellen Mirran for example.
The older you get, the younger 50 seems...

Thanks for putting words to what so many of us have also experienced.  Happy birthday, @morningmika!
But Sarah Sanders makeup like omg!
@NBCNewsTHINK Too Much Plastic Surgery
She doesn't look a day over 70, i think the face lift helped a little, but she still has that goofy look
Mean spirited on your part.
You’ll be alright as long as the hair dye lasts
Why the mean talk?
Cause Liberals can’t take a joke. Sorry
Your apology is accepted! I’m sure you meant that sincerely. I’m not a liberal just thinking we should have some civility in our discussions. Obviously conservatives have a much better sense of humor- White House correspondents dinner- kidding!
You know a lot about fake!
40 and still a total airhead
Keep up the great work Mika!
There is no peak, just keep living life. At 57 and dealing with MS, started a dream of playing music in a band!!! Anything is possible!
Well, your life never peaks unless you let it.
Thank you Mika! I have felt that way at times in my life too!
Yours is
I waited too long to become a mother so I am not one, so I had to find fulfillment in other things & I have come into my own since 55.  I have made important contributions in my career & to my community. Advice:  pay attention to biological clock, contribute & never ever remodel.
I give zero fucks what goes on with this horrible woman.
Then why read this and bother to reply?
It's called social media and I'm being social.
Seems pretty unsocial and mean. Not sure why you hate her and if so why you need to “socialize “ this with others. Unlike Trump she hasn’t done anything to harm any of us so your comments are mean and unhelpful.
Why do you feel the need to comment on my comment? Oh that's right, you are because you can, which is what I'm doing . I don't like her, don't follow her and her story showed up in my feed. I commented. It's really that simple.
Okay
Time hasn't been good too you, even with make up you look 80
Nice. Why on earth are you being mean?
Wasn't trying to be. She looks really old
CONFUSED again.
Zzzzzzzxx
Only a shallow woman would focus on her youth and outside appearance.
Just like fake news y'all are fake everything
Then why follow her and read this?
Because I like to read and understand people I don't agree with I'm not a liberal I'm not closed minded
So then why have you called her description of her own journey and feelings fake news. That doesn’t make sense.
Just another example of her flawed thinking.
I know the Feeling!
Kinda like fake news.  Perfect fit..
What are you trying to tell us?
There is only one deadline.  It comes after you've paid all your taxes.
She stinks
Then why follow her and comment?
she became the news , like many movie stars I know enough about her that it’s a distraction
well is reading a teleprompter in the morning much of a profession...does MJ break any stories? It's basically the View for nerdy journalist guests. It's fine but let's not compare what they do to what @nytmike and others do as a career i.e. investigate and break stories
@JoeNBC
I just started to get going and I'm a guy. Enjoy the present and forget the past. It's over.
#fan  What can I say ?  Morning Mika  
Not to worry, Your father was the National security advisor under Carter Even if you had no talent and were ugly you would still be a success. Nepotism is just that way.
Of what use is this comment? Are you mad about something? Why take it out in @morningmika ?
So she felt Wolf's performance crossed the line but still refers to her ties to Trump. Hmmm. Some kind of bullshit is happening
A woman who gives bad example to other women and girls. Instead of strong leadership Mika led by cheated her hubby, hide her admiration of elitists, know nothing of progressive agendas bc she never experienced common folks lives but a spoiled privileged kid. Never watch her show
Then why are you reading and replying to this?
It’s a free world and is important to get facts and fictions, and if necessary, point out the hypocrite and self serving comments as minka often does.
Same as Stormy Daniels. Will say or do anything for $$$
Woman don’t peak at 40 ... but your expiration date has been realized . You have always been irrelevant , but you have moved passed that and are now just without any journalistic value . Bye Felicia
You need help .
What is wrong with you?
Without Jesus ur soul will be empty..You can be born again n receive the Holy Spirit and have eternal life n peace.
WOW..... such an informative statement from fake news CNN Mika !
And so don't faces. Thanks to her surgeon.
It’s all downhill. And you already started.
Fake

@MSNBC @morningmika Truly: At 40, I was just beginning to live! It was the start of my most liberating season of life! 
Funny, now a silicon valley engineer's career ends at 40; male or female.
is that why you cheated on your husband with Joe?
Irrelevant and mean.
There are MANY deadlines set by others who have no idea who we are. What MOST people think of us is NOT our business. Being a follower has never been a good idea to me. WOMEN, go live and let live. #Women'smarch#THEHILL
Fake news
you are quite the actress mika
