MICHAEL COHEN HAS ALL THE DIRT ON TRUMP’S KIDS, THAT’S WHAT TERRIFIES TRUMP, HE KNOWS HIS OWN KIDS WILL TURN ON HIM, HE ALREADY THREW JARED UNDER THE BUS, AS RUDY SAID HE’S DISPOSABLE.THIS WHOLE STORMY SMOKESCREEN IS TO GIVE THE MEDIA SOMETHING ELSE TO TALK ABOUT.  IT’S THE KIDS!
Stop yelling at us!!!
LOL NO
I'm a little out of the loop here with the iffy wireless connection, but I thought Trump admitted he paid Cohen back?
Sort of, but the specifics keep changing.

Sure he does. Rudy and Trump are preparing to toss Cohen under the bus.  Trump plans to claim Cohen’s payment was an effort on Cohen’s part to shield Trump from a situation Trump needed no shielding from.
Ssuuurrrppprise, ssuuurrrppprise.  Of course... NOT.
Robert Mueller:
O
At least Lear something from the Russians: You just have to tell your story straight....
Learn
So...

Willie says that Donny said that Michael says that Rudy doesn't know what he's talking about.

Mmm...okay...



 #MAGA

These #Trussians... all tied up in knots...
It did seem strange that @realDonaldTrump would have paid a debt. Not usually his kinda thing.
Ruh Roh!  Are we to get another version b/c I don't think we've had enough of them yet.
Did you just talk like Scooby-doo? Lol
Awesome
oh do something soon, the USA is starting to really look rediculous,,,, what is said today is a non truth tommorrow
Sorry, but the USS Insanity sailed November, 2016. The world has been alternating between laughter and horror since.
Donny - please advise your buddy Cohen to "flip".
Like Flipper the Dolphin.
They call him Flipper, Flipper
faster than lightning, 
No-one you see, is smarter than he, 
And we know Flipper, lives in a world full of wonder, 
Flying there-under, under the sea! 

#MichaelCohen

Then you tell them Michael shout it out. Start spilling your guts you owe it to the American people and most importantly your family
Are that demented in Inner Trumpville--disasterous messaging, or is this instead a chaotic, panicked attempt at muddying the water?

When people have too many conflicting things to believe, to sort out--they are malleable, easily controlled.
I think it might be the 2nd
Donny doesn't know what he is talking about and we can prove it.Rudy knows more then he does when it comes to the money.Cohen did not say this to Donny I can have Cohen write a rebuttal on this
Circle of jerks.
This is interesting. Trump’s lawyers are calling each other liars. It’s really becoming a comedy of errors with this president.
Well, color me astonished! Golly gee whiz! Trump's lawyers don't have a clue! Oh, my stars and garters, Willie! What will we ever do to help our poor, stupid president?
What a great attorney choice Giuliani was then!
This too will be continued...the lies go on and on and on. Exciting news days!
WELL, if Donny Deutsch says it’s true, it Must be true.
Please do not drag Donny into this, he’s looking for another 5 mins of fame
Donnie IS in this, at least 2 mornings per week. And, he is still enjoying the same fame that he's enjoyed for many years.
 
That's great, but why is Cohen talking in public to reporters?  He's under investigation by the Feds and will probably be indicted for felonies, so shouldn't he be keeping a low profile?
Donny Deutsch is an old friend of Cohen’s, so he knows he’ll be treated fairly by him.
@cpet1231 Trump dictated his wealth to Fortune magazine, dictated his business bio to NBC and the producers of the Apprentice. Why shouldn't he dictate his medical info to his doctors?
Aunt Lydia will explain it all to us.
I guess it’s nice to have confirmation of the obvious
It owns that our ruling class are as dumb as the old monarchist families were
LOL, crazy uncle Rudy never knows what he is talking about because he looks like he's drunk  half the time!
Be still my heart.  Could Cohen be getting tired of repeated attempts to cost him his freedom and his livelihood?
I actual feel for Cohen. His ego and greed got the best of him. But DT will throw him to the wolves without breaking a sweat
its sad really, all of it. daily im struck by that, the tragedies that unfold on stages across the spectrum.
It’s unfortunate that Rudy will end up losing all his credibility with his involvement with Trump, but it’s his own doing so I have no sympathy.
He lost his credibility years ago.
He lost it when he exploited 9/11 to try and turn himself into a hero.
Exactly!
The Donny Deutsch that takes nude photos of himself?
Idc if he killed jfk. If he can get these clowns to turn on each other I’m game. I’ll hold the camera for him.
Oh so you don’t care what Donny has done but care what POTUS has done years ago? LOL
Please cancel season 2 of this reality show, of trump’s,I’ve had enough.Shut it down fire the director & all the Actors.
I paid for only 13 weekly episodes too.
I want my money back,Dumbest Show I Ever tried to watch.
This show is simply bad that I wish Congress had the power to cancel the entire series. There should be laws against such vile productions!
Yes there should be,They don’t get severance pay either.

Good.
America’s Lawyer http://etruepolitics.com/rudydo/ 
Trump & Co. right about now...
Who knows what any of them are talking about?!?! 

So then it was great judgment to send him out to do an hour-long interview on national TV, huh?
They want you to know that they know that you know they’re lying. And they don’t care. This is part of their strategy to annihilate truth. Don’t fall for it.
Too late to cover that up!
Swoosh- sound of Old Rudy down the drain, see ya and America owes ya one.

Why hasn't #StormyDaniels been charged with blackmail? 
Nobody in this admin knows what they are talking about!
They seem incapable of keeping their lies, misinformation and cover stories straight. 

Pro Tip: Tell the truth! It is easier to keep your stories straight.
I don’t trust Willy so we need to talk to Rudy
Legal "team"
This group is a disaster. Thank goodness for their help.
…horses—-t the money was paid personally that much is certain.  So it goes to intent. Regardless of Cohen’s end of it good luck with that. Trump’s paid ppl who extort before. It’s common so to suggest it was ONLY for the campaign will never fly besides is a damn fine!!
Michael Cohen (-155)
Rudy G. (+125)

Age & weight give the #strongisland   native the edge.
 Rudy's marriage to a blood relative shows redneck tendencies that will keep this bout closer than it really has any right to be.
The one rule about cooking something up, as it seems the case between donald & rudy,
is there’s always the truth waiting to come out. The mud and dirt always sinks to the bottom, and the waters will run clear.
It seems the left hand has no clue what the right hand is doing.  And both feet can't seem to keep up with each other. A bunch of fuktards
oh boi.. is this going to be TRUMP VS COHEN now!???? hahahahahahahahahaha
How you still talking with not one but two buses on top of you Michael Cohen?
THE WHOLE FAMILY R CORRUPT MOBSTERS!!!
Shocker...
I had to check the date of this tweet twice.
If Giuliani was a football player, his nickname would be RG Through.
He's
"Creating his own reality"
AHAHAHAHAH
And what is the reliable source of thet quote ? I doubt if Cohen told you.
He also said, that Michael Cohen had said... paraphrased... 'the only people who know are me and Trump and you’ll be hearing my side of the story'… to me, that’s pretty significant…
..good advice for @RudyGiuliani
So we have a stupid billionaire  President that’s being condemned by a swarm of brilliant & smart paycheck to paycheck scholars?
“smdh”
Believe me! Nobody with any intelligence, which excludes the GOP undereducated base, believes a thing Rudy says!
That’s right it’s another lie
So now is #Cohen v #Giuliani?!

#Stormy  #TrumpRussia
This would be funny if it wasn’t so terrible.
Cohen says Gulini has no clue, has dementia set in?
Rudy Giuliani’s next appearance on television will be after dark.
Count Orlack was better looking and far more intelligent and kind.
Trying to blow smoke, they believe Americans don't care how we are perceived by other nations.

the web gets more tangled every hour...
I can't keep up. Wake me when somebody's indicted or impeached.
Hopefully soon. #MuellerNeedsToHurryUp

This doesn't sound like everyone got the talking points regarding this payoff.




And your point is? Some donors’ names were omitted. A fine is appropriate. And, as was mentioned at the time, it was in proportion to the size of the campaign donations. It was the first billion dollar campaign ever.
“For critics of the Obama campaign, the audit was a reminder of other reporting errors by the 2008 effort, which campaign officials said they tried to correct in real-time. But independent experts, including former FEC commissioner Michael Toner, said after the audit...”
Lol ok sure
Totally

Well Dummy Donald did not deny it either #RudyGiuliani
Stupid Watergate
Bought-her-gate
THIS SEASON IS TOO MUCH I'M TURNING IT OFF
You're turning off Spring?
Begun, the lawyer wars have.
And?
The President just confirmed what Rudy said.
Mueller knows the truth and soon Cohen will flip because he doesn’t want to go to his prison
If he gets to go to his own prison, it shouldn't be too bad.
That was a typo, oops.
Again!
DD and Michael Cohen
Unreal
Happy #keepRudytalking day! Doesn’t get any better than this.
Rats in a barrel will eat each other in order to survive.
Just sayin
Tbh, so would people.
Willie.. Donny as your source... classic!!
Donnie frequently has conversations with Cohen.
Donnie tends to stretch the truth...
But, is Rudy repeating what trump said?
Did you say #DonnieDoucheBag ?
Must hurt to be unanimously ignored.
Was this before or after the bar fight? Lol
Cohen, is being thrown under the bus. Trump will blame Cohen for the problems saying he is incompetent
This isn’t exactly right.  He knows that he is lying and making things up.  He, like his pal, are compulsive liars.  They will burn the house down before admitting any wrong doing.
No daylight between him and trump? THEY'RE BOTH GOING TO JAIL!
Truth is somewhere in the middle
Someone is lying.
And, since both @realDonaldTrump and Giuliani are telling the same story, the President “doesn’t know what he is talking about.”
And the Media talks about this Prez Dispenser of Lies as being worthy of a Nobel Prize!
Sounds like covfefe to me.
Cray.
Fish?
#flipped
#NoOneCares
Real News..No really... for real this time.  We mean it...
Then enlighten us.
Do these guys ever talk to each other? Hilarious.
OK Willie I watch you every morning time for you to follow back!
Nyuk nyuk nyuk.
Cohen needs to realize that Trump will have NO problem throwing him under the bus. It became obvious after Rudy hinted that Jared, the father of his grandchildren was ‘disposable’. 
If he’s willing to throw Ivanka’s husband to the lions, he’ll for sure turn his back on Cohen.
Guili did that with diarrhea of the mouth. No trump, if he was my lawyer I would fire him ASAP
I guess we’ll see just how rogue RG went. If this was all RG, Trump will dump him.
I think Trump and RG cooked this up together... but what do I know. I’m just guessing.
Bottom line is, NO good lawyer is going to help DT. 
RG may be the best he can get.
1/2
I also believe with every ounce of my being, that to save his own ass, Trump would throw EVERYONE under the bus, possibly Ivanka being the sole exception.
...Possibly.
Yep, if Cohen and him switched Cohen would be stuck in the  trains tracks for several miles
You're lying to the American people AGAIN?
Can these two make up their minds already?? I’m so sick of this.


Quit calling him Trump’s attorney. He did not function in that capacity for Trump. He was nothing more than a patsy for Trump. Someone who  acted as a, “Fixer.”
Yep.  A fixer who signed his correspondence “Personal  Attorney to Donald Trump” and who, when his office got raided, caused Trump to fly into a Twitter rage about the death of attorney-client privilege.  That guy.  Making $35K a month.  That’s a lot of fixing!
Gotta go grab the popcorn.
I cannot believe Republicans are allowing these two DOTARDS to drag the Entire Party Over the Cliff!
Donnie Douce Bag doesn’t know sh*#!!
Huh????
Awkward.

Why was this store allowed to poison our citizens? @jaketapper @donlemon @CarolHLN @smerconish @ananavarro @CNN 
No one is #45’s circle does!
