and they just signed their walking papers
Here in TN, we hope so!
Are they ot of their minds?
I believe so..
There is no bottom with Congress when they are so obvious reaching for votes by selling their souls to the Devil.  This is a regime, not an administration.  Fortunately, the Nobel Committee is not easily duped.
I want to know just how hard they laughed at this notion?
Nominations were due February 1, you all.
For 2019 tho?
This was for 2018. But no matter what year: blergh.
Double Blergh!
Brown Nosers!!!
Look at their voting records.  Their ability to make rational decisions is obviously impaired.
They know their own voters.  This is political calclation.. the more evengelicals in their district, the better.
Do they know President Moon did all the work?  The unification was his platform when he was elected last year. Do some reading you RNC people.
Trump actually asked Moon to give him credit, which he did.
No votes for the Waffle House hero, James Shaw? How about a man of color, Moon Jae-In???
It means the conclusion is NK is foregone.  It’s because Putin is in control.  This has nothing to do with ridiculous Trump.
My exact thoughts! A well thought out plan orchestrated behind the scenes with Kim’s bestie Putin!

For the record nominations closed in February. Good try.
This is for next year, 2019
Guess they should say that. Nominations open in December. Check your calendar.
Putting the cart before the horse. Just another attempt to change the narrative.  "SAD."
Oh what fresh hell is this?
Oh ffs.....
What a joke.
It's a hopeless, unresearched, sycophantic attempt at ingratiation.
The nobel peace prize commitee decides on nominations - and is already making it abundantly clear that Trump isn't even on the radar.

Dream on GOP 
Yeah you don't win the #NobelPeacePrize for THREATENING TO LAUNCH #NuclearWeapons AT ANOTHER COUNTRY (Doesn't matter WHO it is) @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SenCoryGardner @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan
And no.....There's no ConsolationPrize for GOING TO WAR as there's NO SUCH THING as the #NobelWarPrize 

That prize DOES NOT EXIST

If you look it up on their website, all you'll get is THIS..... #404NotFoundGirl (She's EVERYWHERE !!)
Personally, I think he's got a snowball's chance in hell of getting a Nobel Peace Prize.
But I may be wrong. Lots of scandal in Nobel prize land this year regarding sexual misconduct.
I mean look how much tje nobel committee has in common with him.
Combined IQ of 6 :(
Far too kind.
I’m ready with the model for Trump’s trophy.
Sex scandal at Nobel? donny baby will fit right in
Here is trump’s prize
Isn’t this premature. Let’s see what happens. Perhaps there are others who deserve credit too. Calling the N K Leader rocket man isn’t enough from what I hear.
Ass-kissing Trumptard fools.
Good glad to hear it.

2018 2018 2018. Remember these names and vote them out


They need to be voted out. 18 bags of s...
Now they have just became a target
These same House Republicans have nominated Mr Trump for Miss America, Miss Universe, the Congressional Medal of Honor, the Bronze Star, a Purple Heart (Bone Spurs), and K-Street Basketball Champ and, now, a Nobel Prize. 
If Nobel had a Goof Award these guys would win.
This is insane. I feel like I'm living in an episode of the Twilight Zone
This goes up there with one of the most ridiculous occurrences of the....week!
Why? He almost killed everyone! Hes lucky Rocket man didn't hit his bigger red button first after Trump risked N & S Koreans and our own troops lives with his dangerous rhetoric! #NobelNoWay #NobelNoWay #NobelNoWay #NobelNoWay #NobelNoWay #NobelNoWay #NobelNoWay #NobelNoWay #BS
#NobelPeePrize from Russia with love and a little blackmail
#TrumpsCompromised  #NobelPeePrize
Do they give a Nobel Prize for lying. If so Trump should get it!
Piece of shit prize is warranted
It's not to celebrate any work for peace and advancement of the world. It's to keep their damn jobs. They sure don't do anything else to ensure that. Butt-kissing Chump is it.
Nobel Peace Prize, have they lost it. Trump is dumb as rocks, he can barely string a number of coherent sentences together to form an intelligent conversation.
For what??? Is anything that these people do NOT about being jealous of a successful black president??

Jerks
I'm trying to eat breakfast.

I think the best punch in the nuts to Trump would be to award it to President Obama!!
Kissing the ring
Around Trump’s butthole. 
They just can't stand that Obama has something Trump never will.
Meaning that 18 @HouseGOP’s are either bat shit crazy, or just plain stupid, and need to find a new line of work. Let’s make sure that happens. #VoteThemOut
Instead of Republican primaries they should just hold a spelling bee or something.
Oh god, that would be pathetic. My guess is that the fourth graders at the Scripp’s National spelling bee are more capable of running this country than the current @GOP.
When you're right, you're right.
Liars never win. @realDonaldTrump

Unfortunately, two of these dimbulbs are running in Tennessee.  

They claim victory for their dear (bully) leader...before anything is accomplished...ignoring that trump’s contributions were bullying and insults...while he’s under investigation.

@VoteMarsha and @DianeBlackTN
Did I miss something that happened between his lies and deflection??
Cows do indeed have cows
Fix this then think about the Nobel Peace Prize
Remember these blackmailed by Trump Representatives!!!!  Vote them out!!!!!
Blackmail in progress!!!!!!
Unreal. I thought this was @TheOnion news, or maybe I just wish it were?
What a joke just like them and their prez
Can we not also include in the headline that they missed the nomination deadline by * months* pretty please?
Illuminating that after everything that's happened, these elected representatives would enthusiastically hitch a wagon to Trump's corrupt shit storm.
Seems that people (citizens) voting for these candidates (with their obvious strategy) has effectively become part of the so-called Swamp.
I truly believe we are witnessing our last days and times. Corruption of Biblical proportions
Could backfire.
Here in Scandinavia, we are not THAT stupid...
We know what your President is made off!!
He should get it. More than anyone
I would rather nominate him as the first President to go to jail! Please a Noble prize??? For what greatest liar on earth. 
That is an impossibility, but thanks for playing.
No moron, a president can’t be indicted, it’s the law lol
These people are kiss-ups. Sad for Democracy.
Here are those loyal to @HillaryClinton
Members of Academy
Vote
No!
Upon nomination
I vote no
NPP
Exemplifies actions beyond reproach
Has justified by current events shown actions exemplified?
Audit of candidate shows disdain upon weak, poor, disabled and veteran.
Upon recommendation
Proposal for further review denied.
those are the right wing tea party wingnuts. What peace? Is there a Nobel discord award? That would be more like it.
Nobel Peace Prize for playing a game of “Chicken” with Kim Jong-Un with insults,over who has the biggest nuclear button? Maybe it should go to Moon...the adult.
I am from North Dakota and am embarrassed....complete nonsense!
What a joke. He hasn't even done anything yet. S. Korea and China are leading the way not dough boy.
These a$$ kissing Republicans think that a Peace Prize should be giving to someone that threatened a preemptive nuclear strike on another country.... pathetic.
give me a break! Do they even know what it takes???
And he deserves it.  Best President of this century.
The desperados?
Oh, you mean this is a list of who not to vote for???!!!
We're officially living in the Upside Down of politics.

Vote them out.
The MTP Daily spelled Peace like PIECE in the article attached? I wonder if it was a legitimate mistake or if someone couldn't bear to write the word PEACE in the same sentence as the word TRUMP!!
Lets nominate all delusional, Sociopaths who believe "THEY" ARE THE greatest prize in the world! Why not! it would feed the beasts, until THEY Got hungry again. A film should capture the event. "THEY EAT CHILDREN DON'T THEY? Where is Uma Thurman when you need her?1 & 2 please
Right
I don't know if they share Trump's character to nominate him for this prize.
But they for sure will flatter this sleaze to get the votes from his supporters.
 That is politics.
There is nothing Nobel about trump!
These are the corrupt people that need to be voted out #VoteCorruptionOut #WeThePeople
Too bad they can’t keep tha dates straight!!! By next year we can only hope Trump is gone.
These people have no shame. The world must be having a good laugh today.
For the same reason any other republican supports Trump, they are racist cowards...period
All kiss assers
Jokers! They are probably all up for re-election.
Pay to play within the party....
This is one of the most outrageous things this discredited party has did me.
They have all kissed the ring.
#VoteThemOut #VoteThemOut #VoteThemOut #VoteThemOut

Good...this helps to know who we need to vote out of office the most.
Well then, @ChuckTodd, they've just got to go! #SwampCreatures
They are just kissing the ass of the Trump voter.
Sycophants #FakePresident
Can Pete Rose get in the HOF first!!! My god if agreeing to a meeting merits a nobel peace prize the bar is getting pretty damn low
How did they manage that when February was the deadline. More corrupt behavior
These people have lost themselves. How in the world could you ever think that foolish, lying, embarassing clown deserves a prestigious award like that? Morals and good character go into it too. He had neither!
These people should resign in disgrace for stupidity.
Before being nominated for the Nobel Prize, Trump should have to tell us who the prize is named after and be able to locate Korea on a map.
LMAO! What a Joke!
These #republicans must need backup help for their re-election.. #kissthering
He should get an Emmy nomination for his performance as "The President".  We can only hope it's a limited series or is cancelled mid-season.
impeached and a Nobel in the same year? Now THAT WOULD be something...
Can we all vomit together?
Want to lose voters, keep talking impeach 45
Well I guess, if you don’t care that no one will ever respect you again.  The words Noble Prize and Donald Trump in the same sentence makes me ill.
These are the corrupt Republicans in DC! America send them.packing!
Time for them to go. 

#Vote2018
18 House Republicans are so reprehensible they'll do anything for votes. #SOSForLife
Peace must have come to the Korean peninsula, otherwise why would these imbeciles be nominating trump for the peace prize.
Just wish I could vote in all 6 of those states !!!  A little taste of Dem voting 
I wet my pants.
Every single one of them needs to be voted out at first opportunity.  If Trump's their hero, they're not upholding the Constitution. And that's their job.
Nobel peace prize for what ?? Our whole country is full of Hate .... this GOP are plain brown nosing to the 
Idiots
Obama got the Noble prize just for being elected. What a JOKE. President Trump is actually doing something with North Korea that no President was able to do. That’s worth the Noble
18 Representatives who should be #TriedForTreason

What a bunch of Trump suppositories these people are.
We'll see.
That is the biggest crime of all time! These people must be voted out!
So now bully’s get recognition. Sick sick sick. This is a political game by the corrupt republicans.  What did trump promise the South Korea president for this crazy idea. Impeach trump.
The #USHouseOfRepresentatives is NOT the nominating body.
Is this a joke? The guy they nominated for the NPP is a mobster from Queens, NY; Gotti would have been a better contender.
#VoteThemOut
@GOP the orchestra of the SS Titanic @realDonaldTrump! Complicit!
I figured It from Marsha Blackburn and Diane Black. They are both huge Trump supporters. Remember that when we vote them out.







Once again proving that this Congress is full of self-serving, self-righteous & short-sighted sycophants.
AKA Bootlickers.
AKA Spineless jellyfish.
AKA Grifters.

#VoteThemOut
#VoteThemAllOut


I feel like they’re gonna bring up ‘but he was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize’ all the time.
Bunch of googans
LOL

Asshats
#BlueTsunami2018 #No #Bell
.......BAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!
They’re the newest members of the”Orange Lip Club”


By all means spike the ball on the 40 yard line! Imbeciles all!

You can tell this is true because MSNBC did not include the word "sources" in this story's headline.
Trump should be nominated for the Guinness world record for most lies in the Whitehouse.
These will be the first 18 individuals to sign Articles of War against Nobel Committee.
Just vote Democratic in the upcoming elections they are trying to buy!  GOP HAS TO GO!

Well, maybe, if the price is right for libs to accept "the principle of it all." For libs it's all about the principle. 
WTF 
VOTE THEM OUT
Simultaneously laughable & tragic.
They are beyond ridiculous! They absolutely have lost their minds & have sold their souls to 45! Shame on them!!!
Just when you think the GOP can’t go any lower.....
I have to wonder what these people are being blackmailed with. Surely they don’t really believe trump deserves this??
To show loyalty? How about because he earned it? Even the leader is #soko said he is responsible for #NOKO deal. Yet your pathetic #fakemedia network wants to spin the story and make it seem like something it is not. You repulse me @MSNBC #fakenews
Fiddlers On The Titanic! Republicans 2018! U REPULSE Me!
Rightly so, America back on the world stage after the demise of leadership under Obama !

Thank you President Trump ! @realDonaldTrump

Ben Carson should at least help these guys get a brain while in the office...
Even a monkey brain would do it at this point...
No Nobel Prize for swamp draining
It's hard to imagine that a leader who willingly divides his own country would be considered for any type of prize that involves peace making.
Absolute lunacy.
President Trump has accomplished what no other President has ever accomplished in the history of the United States. He has forced a dictator to his knees by calling him names such as Little Rocket Man while squinting his eyes. http://www.bayareahouston.us/2018/05/houston-congressman-nominates-trump-for.html?m=1 …

18 house republicans need to be voted out by the blue wave coming to clean house. Return our government back to the values of our fore fathers. Democracy is currently under attack by a treasouness President. Justist will be swift. God bless Mueller.
@chucktodd is an embarrassment to to all news anchors. He’s a chump
Hell they gave it to obama for doing nothing
you have GOT to be kidding me.. Time to drug test the GOP
Does Norway care if  House GOPers nominate Trump for the Nobel Peace Prize after threatening thermonuclear war?
Except these 18 morons spelled it “Dumbell”
Thank GOD, the Nobel committee is not beholding to the U.S.
Ha ha ha ha ha.... (sigh)
I certainly hope it blows up in your faces for being SO SHALLOW!
This has got to be a JOKE .  What exactly has trump done to deserve even a nomination for the Nobel Prize?  Oh yea, that's right...he's done NOTHING and he does it on a daily basis. People, get a grip, stop with the jokes. Certainly you can find others much more worthy DAH...

Voters write these names down and remember them when you vote!  The American voters must stop the insanity!!
Pathetic
Lambe huevos
And some the 18 are running like rats off a sinking ship
U ppl real think that this man has enough discipline to negotiate peace. He don't have enough discipline to keep his mouth shut in order for his attorneys to plead his case! & NPP give me a break
Not likely peace agreement & even more unlikely he will be given a peace prize. Even if he & KJU were to come to an agreement he is still a con man who is a racist pig, an alleged serial abuser of women & a man of no ethics. The bar is a lot higher than he could ever reach.

These people have decided that their reputation and careers are expendable!  Besides, Trump will no doubt bribe or buy his place in this prized recognition.
Holy shit!
Drug test all 18
Ha ha !! What a joke!!
18 of 435...... not impressive
