
The USA is a Constitutional republic, not a democracy. Learn the difference, both of you. #oathbreakers who don't support the Constitution are the great threat, even if they are vets. Support it entirely as there is no, "I support it, but..."
@PKato69 @Amidon_ @CROWENATION2016 @rvrctygrrl we the people means democracy

why argue against your own power? 

see this links other quotes also. 
https://twitter.com/i/moments/787376927182946305 … @wamyc @Chenzo4u @Walmart @amazon @trevkilburn @nathanielsmith5
In a democracy, the rights of the minority aren't protected, unlike in a republic. The 2 forms of gov't R antithetical to each other. In a republic, we've certain inalienable rights that R protected & can't B taken away by gov't, regardless of the wants of a majority of voters.
I don't know how minorities r talked about in the Constitution?..

We r a both a Constitution republic and representative democracy.  

Your argument is as if I'm actually argument we r a pure democracy like in ancient Athens which we clearly r not.
The thirteenth amendment talks about slavery, which was racial chattel slavery. (Constitutional reference to a minority group)

It changed slavery from being familial to being based on police and judges enforcing slavery on black people.
I don’t know where you get your information from, but your opinion of slavery and our thirteenth Amendment are typical. @KrisAnneHall is a Constitutional lawyer/historian. I prefer to take her word for it.
No need. He’s 100% correct. 13 amendment relegated slavery to prisons. Where they now scoop up young people (disproportionately black people) and enslave them while they’re in prison. They give them extreme sentences to keep slave laborers well stocked. It’s not an opinion.
Any gun laws need to be state and local not federal. The Alaskan wilderness should have different gun laws than NYC.
Because he’s a socialist. First thing they do is take away weapons. That way, people can’t say no when they force govt on them. A yone daring enough to call themselves liberal. Please stand against this nonsense.
You think your weapons are going to matter if you face off against the US military?! 
If we have to, then that’s exactly why our Founders drafted #2A in the Bill of Rights.

Moot point, for now, as the vast majority of our MIL/LE community are patriots and will uphold their oaths to the Constitution.
You figure the military would desert if they were ordered to gather up weapons? Wouldn’t that be treason? So much for all you America loving patriots...
Not to mention how many former military are now civilians. And these are guys that are vets from 2 wars at the same time. They are beast. No worries.
This is the saddest little fantasy story I’ve read in a while. “And then we all got the bad guys together and the army guys said that I was the coolest and asked if I’d be their friend and made me a general and we ate pizza and stayed up late!”
It’s so sad that you have such a narcissistic view of the american military. The same military that protects your rights. And to be honest,  you don’t like guns?! Then don’t buy one. You are more then free to do so. In america, we protect individual choice. That is done with guns
A- you clearly don’t know what narcissism is. Don’t use big words if you don’t get them. 
B-I’m Canadian so you’re military does fuck all for me
C-not buying a gun doesn’t keep you from getting shot moron. (Buying one doesn’t either tbh)
Mention guns and all the nuts come out.
And then they try and take them
How’s your struggle with male menopause going?
Wouldn't know. A very pretty girl keeps my testosterone way the hell on the high end of the scale but thanks for asking
And believe me they don't come prettier kinder or better than mine. Just goes to prove that if you keep at it you do eventually get far better than you deserve!!! Believe me I have
Then maybe you don’t need so many guns.
I will admit I got more than most. However I got more of everything than most. I live in area with 35+ minute cop response. I am not far from border. Lately illegals and meth heads are doing home invasions. I keep what's mine and protect it very well. thanks for yr concern
You should move somewhere safer. What a shithole.
@MSNBC Boycott @NRA

@MSNBC #GunReformNow
Screw him, it’s a right. Some say a privilege the 2nd Amendment. I say our right to protect our selves from a government that is trying to oppress its people.
It’s a shame @RepSwalwell is more concerned about this nonsense than helping people in his own district which are suffering. Seems unconcerned he didn’t vote for tax reform which will help many of his constituents. He basically is not working for them. He’s stealing their money.
this man is using this to gain more support for his http://party.No  new measures on guns and rifles.The president supports the 2nd and will fight for it.He knows what the people want.Eric is not doing well his democrats are on a losing path with nothing to offer

Remember the Alamo, Lexington  and Concord.
He’s a Dem from California. Any view he has on guns is immediately discredited so who cares. No one has demonstrated their lack of common sense or real knowledge on every possible topic like the Democrat congressional delegation from California. 1/
The all star lineup of douchebags including Pelosi, Waters, Lieu, this guy, and many others, are some of the stupidest Americans alive today.
Nancy will soon be Speaker of the House again and she plans to defund Trump’s polluter/white nationalist agenda.
Lol.
Kevin McCarthy will get the honor of handing the gavel back to her.
If In fact that happens, the single best way to make sure you hand it back 2 years later is to have that demented cow as your speaker again. Ironic that she’d be speaker when she can’t finish a sentence without stuttering these days.
Deplorables will cry. #BlueWave2018
What would happen if more African Americans carried AR 15s on the streets? Or Muslims? Any thoughts?
What would happen if leftists hired black men at better wages instead of f***ing over black families by hiring cheap illegals?


#surferswalwell
This guy is as dumb as a box of rocks !!!!
Anything to get on tv does he even know which end is the butt or is that all he knows

Yes, eventually, even if it takes 10 years, buy back weapons & pass sensible gun laws. So,far, THEIR WAY DOESNT WORK.
do you think that if he got his way and was able to ban so called "assault rifles", that it would be enforced by guys with "assault rifles"? 
We need to gets these ugly things off the street cause they're ugly and scary.  Not because I have any facts that would conclude they are a problem.  Never gonna happen libs.
 retweets FoxNews 
And we'll tell him why we want him out...2 amendment. Start cleaning up liberal inner city's
MOLON LABE!!!!!
Gun grabbing rights hater. Hope you’re voter out.
And BTW-braindead Trumpsters-more extensive background checks, no military grade weapons for civilians, longer wait times & no fly=no guns-none of these security measures would touch the 2nd Amendment-try reading it sometime
Hmmm...what part of shall not be infringed do you not comprehend.
Braindead Gator - I’m sure the Founding Fathers never anticipated AR-15s. Think before you speak - just makes you look unable to interpret the amendments. Also, look up the US Supreme Court decision made in the early 1900s pertaining to the 2nd Amendment. Do your research first!
Swalwell is batshit crazy!  I feel sorry for the district he represents.
Lets get more Swelwells out if office
CHARLIE ROSE SUED BY 3 MORE CBS STAFFERS FOR SEXUAL HARASSMENT
Perverted Sexual Deviance of Liberal Mainstream Media & Hollywood Exposed
Sorry by @RepSwalwell has zero credibility that he can help solve real issues. His singular focus on trying to take down DJT by keeping alive a ridiculous collusion conspiracy that he knows to be false disqualifies him from anything else.
Great plan. After your buy backs and your ready to go after the citizens that resist, start in Texas. See how that works out dipshit
This is the United States of America we have a constitution and we have constitutional rights that must be protected anyone who doesn’t believe in America is free to leave
That’s exactly what the Nazis did before they massacred the Jews. This network and this ill informed Rep needs to learn from history.
GREAT
All I hear when Swalwell speaks is dribble. Worry about San Francisco and leave the rest of the country out of your equation.
Let’s discuss Chicago where out of control shooting claimed dozens of lives in the past few days. Maybe we need to worry less about the politics  of assault weapons on the streets and ask why the Dems can’t fix Chicago crime.
We need to get Swalwell off the streets he’s the assault. He reminds me of alventi
Sounds like Swalwell is trying to leave a legacy, before he himself is indicted and taken off of the street. If you need a deal on RUSSIAN vodka, he's your man.
Dems real plans are now confirmed. They want to confiscate our guns.
First step towards taking all rights away, disarm the people. Just like Hitler and Nazi Germany??
The real reason is because he knows as a liberal political hack if he nibbles away at the 2nd amendment it will be gone before you know it.

Nope, not gonna work. You would have to enforce that and that might not be in the LEO communities best interests of applying.
@RepSwalwell is an oath-breaker and 90 million of us will not comply (incl. 15 million with AR-15s) and give up our Constitutional rights.

After all, there is no gun registry (by law) so I’ve lost all mine in that fishing accident anyway.
President Trump approval rating at 49%, Reuters
Yes we do! You have a President and GOP who align themselves with a pushy lobbying organization in the NRA that spreads a false misrepresentation of our second amendment that is 200 years old. It about money, not about safety, not about what is morally right. No common sense!
Kenya is donating $500 K to inner city blacks for the purchase of  AR 15 rifles. Trump tweeted he now loves NWA  COs ,right on bro.
What a complete dope
Because, swalwell is leftist fascist and MSNBC is a tool
Good luck with that
Because all the Liberal Safe Spaces are filled up ?
for those gun lovers , here is suggestion : join the military,  ( i did) , shoot a bunch of bullets , get it out of your system and come home , get a life , a job and live happy . this country is always at war somewhere , you can always find a target when you join
Idiotism On Steroids Actual Assault weapons have been Illegal n America as long as I can Remember Ye Only Exception was ye approval of Ye Bumper stock Conversions By Ye Democrats
so  far : history told us that Americans and Guns don't work/ mix
i am a Veteran and i go further, abolish the 2nd amendment . period
Why.. Because assault weapons are more dangerous then other rifles.. Uggh.. Wish these people would educate themselves on the types of weapons out there.. They'll learn that there really isn't a difference..
They cannot describe an "assault" weapon because ANYTHING used in an assault is a weapon including a damned fork!!
Great idea, lets ban drugs also. That will stop people from using both. Oh, wait, my bad.....
define "assault weapon"
This clown appears on TV quite often - always bitching about something. But was has he done to move the country forward?  NOTHING.
Come get them!
This guys relevancy has hit negative numbers... pathetic fool
Support 100%.
NOTHING will get done while corporations, interest groups & the rich controls Congress because of large donations. Remove Citizen's United in order for Rep. Swalwell words not to be hollow
Never going to happen.
Never happen
He should be explaining that it’s a last ditch effort to stay employed.
Swalwell.  I bet he got tortured in elementary school.

