
Too late, the train has already left the station!
The truth is out of the bag. @realDonaldTrump LIED
RG is running for President but Trump will kick him out w in a month bc Rg is a media hog.  Only one star in this porn show:  the real DT
Oh, look Rudy believes he's finally got his lies straight.
Of course he will. And of course he has to wait to do it because he has to wait until his master trump writes it.
Trump loves so much "winning".
If he didn't have all the facts, why did he make a statement?
HAAaAaAAA
No one cares.
Correction=new lie
busted 
The TRUMP ADMINISTRATION IS THE BIGGEST JOKE OF ALL TIME!
Soon? Any time someone has to take time to correct a statement they are trying to think of a more creative response that might be believable.
Rudy, everyone knows that there is No correction needed What you now want to feed the public is Another ridiculous trump Lie, that Doesn’t work anymore...
Rudy is pasture status, every one knows it, except poor Rudy. So let me be the one to let him know, I feel it's my civic duty " Rudy, it is time to pet the dog and kiss the baby"
Translation------- He's going to issue a lie...
Reason for the Cohen Slush Fund. It's much bigger than Watergate.  $130,000 went to Daniels. What happened to the rest of the money?

The STEELE dossier says (1)COHEN was running TRUMP-Russia coordination, and (2) the operation COHEN was running paid off the hackers.
THATS GOOD THAT ITS SOON ?
Why? He actually told the truth. 
Is Dennis Miller writing it?
Maybe Dennis Miller can help.
Rudy is going to tell us a new LIE
Oh wow, another “correction” of a statement made by or about Chump....I hear the merry-go-round music playing with each statement said!
Fibbers
Still waiting for SHS to “get back to us” soon. Don’t hold your breath.
More corrections, more lies...
“Soon...as soon as I find out what I’m supposed to say.”  He’s only been on the job a day/month.
Please!!! Ain’t NOBODY listening to you anymore, Rudy! Your last tiny shred of credibility got washed away when you started kissing the orange ass.
As soon as they get their lies straight!
This would have come in handy as a teenager. “Hey Mom, I know I accidentally spilled the beans about what really happened so I’m going to issue a correction next week in hopes that it will excuse my ignorance.” #idiots
A correction is not necessarily the truth. So, Rudy’s “correction” isn’t worth the paper it’s written on.
Why? It won't change the facts. Trump You don't get a do over on the investigation. Facts r facts. Follow the  and eventually the truth will be exposed.
I’m so glad he clarified. #treasurehunt
Huh? WTF! Idiocracy !
As soon as Trump's through dictating it.
"As soon as he gets on the same page as the lie we're telling today."
One of the basic things about a legal defense to remember is that you cannot unring a bell. We have not heard the truth. The whole truth. And nothing but the truth. We have not. We have been fed on lies. Every day of this mess. #BlueWave #TruthMatters
I don't think it matters . Ya done did it. Lol.
Give America a break! We know Trump will write these corrections just like he wrote Trump Jr.'s statement concerning The Russians & Dr. Bornstein's "Best health of any POTUS in history" statement.
Go away Andrea
No there is no correction what he said is what he said.
If the stories are exhausted try the truth and it might work better!
How about you focus & shine a light  on all of his dodgy connections while you’re waiting
You mean he lied????
He means “alternative facts” I’m guessing...
Bull! If you tell the truth you don’t have to issue corrections to statements! This is not normal behavior. Guilty people lie and blame others for their own mistakes. Innocent people don’t whine about fairness or “witch hunts!” Trump is guilty and Giuliani is a liar!
It takes time to create a lie
but who will believe him. How many attempts at TRUTH does Rudy need. This is pathetic
Rudy - Your role here was that of a therapy dog. Decreasing the anxiety level of T, as the Mueller investigation is closing in..
You're such a  fuc|<  up Rudy !!!
After this 'correction' there will be a further 'correction' and then a future further 'correction' and on until one of those 'corrections' is accepted as the 'truth'.
Is that a real “soon” or a trump “soon”?
"Correction?" Is that what they call blatant cynical lies nowadays?  :p
Of course he will.
As soon as him and #45 figure a close to sane story! And get on the same page.
This is ridiculous.
Fraud
A lie to cover up the truth he told. I want to get my hands on a Presidential ballot so bad it’s not even funny. I want to vote right now to get rid of these damn people. #RockThe2018and2020Vote!
ENOUGH!
#trump #nra #fakenews
Yep. after he's fired.
Really? so Giuliani was lying then or now... oh wait we know...Rudy Giuliani LIES every time he opens his mouth kinda like Trump
Putting the toothpaste back in the tube. Good luck with that.
Lies
How many "corrections" do we have to endure from this Administration???? Someone please tell them they don't get do-overs!!!
A correction to the revision to the clarification of the edited version of the original statement?
Rudy, they're holding a seat for you.
FYI Giuliani - You're not entitled, by any means, to taking two bites out of the same apple. Giuliani is a fraud, a con man, an anti-American f*ck, an elitist bigot, anti-semite who deserves to be sitting in front of Mueller for the criminality he's been involved with.
BS
I cried election night because I KNEW this was the type of administration we were going to get
You know, as soon as they can get their LIES straight...
Why not immediately?
What he really meant to say is that he's issuing another lie
ROFLMAO!!!
@mitchellreports have you apologized to @michelleisawolf yet? I am still waiting. You and @morningmika and @SRuhle . Waiting...still...
We will issue that statement soon as we can get our lies coordinated!




Fake fake news
Trump, who briefly pledged to fight the National Rifle Association after the February mass shooting at a Florida high school, is expected to throw his full weight behind the powerful gun rights group on Friday. 
Just proves what a foolish hypocrite Trump really is....
Funny, my lawyer never has to "correct" himself, EVER! And he has pathos for his clients and fights for them tirelessly...and wins!
That loud "rattling" sound Rudy is hearing?
That's the bus that just pulled up in front of his house.....
Lol
Hahahaha
He will issue a correction the truth.

GOT. IT.
How messed up are these old guys! Giuliani and Trump cannot even coordinate their own lies. The problem with lies is that you have to keep track of it. The irony is that every one else already knows the truth while they play their stupid game.
More lies?  Can't wait.
Hmmm... I wonder if the right will jump all over #Ghouliani for his correction like they did for @MSNBC for the wiretap correction. 
And you guys will just go along.
Two senile old men with some weird idea of their own invincibility, bolstered by double doses of viagra, running the country. What could possibly go wrong.
Giuliani. Used to have a lot of respect for this man but I really believe he is suffering from dementia. Rodolfo. Its time to retire quietly to Florida.
We the people are truly tired of remakes on remarks, say something and stick with ut, stop the alternate truths, grow up and act like an adult
I can see the courtroom scene now: “Your honor, we’d like to issue a correction to the testimony my client has proffered.” “But...he just gave his testimony ten minutes ago.” “There’s been a change in the facts. Please call Donald Trump back to the stand.”
Mr. Trump, you seem to have perjured in your pants. The court will hold a brief recess while Mr. Kelly changes your diaper. Reconvene fifteen minutes. *gavel*
“Mr. Trump, how do you plea?” “Covfefe your honor. No, I mean guilty - I mean innocent!” “Your honor, may I have a moment with my client?”
As soon as he and trump agree on the right lies, err, facts?
I wouldn’t hire this idiot as my lawyer if my life depended on it
Now now,  which version do we believe.  There have been 5 so far, so i can't tell.  I will do the smart thing.  I won't believe any of them
Man that must have been an epic ass-chewing. Would have loved to have been a fly on the wall in that meeting.
Poor Rudy.

You mean to his Lies. #LiarInChief
Mr juliani get down and study hard and collect all ur argument  be4 getting on TV u are trying to defend undefendable. Remember a lot of smart brains have declined to  represent Mr T.
Ha ha ha! Watching these fools run around, trying to take back every honest statement they make, is hilarious.  #MAGA right guys?
God help us
Can you say CIRCUS, clowns and everything @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump

you mean a lie about it.
We all know there is a learning curve with a new job. Most of us don’t live our learning curve on TV but you do you @RudyGiuliani
Kennedy and Bobby screwing Monroe and Clinton screwing Lewinsky while in office ! Trump wasn’t in office! Don’t forget Ed Kennedy leaving his girlfriend to die
Gotta get those alternate facts right
it takes three days to write jokes, right @DennisDMZ  ?
You don't get a do over, Rudy! You either, Biff!
TOO LATE...you can’t shove the toothpaste back in the tube Rudy Yer phucked!
Who really cares about this woman MSNBC really needs to move on and report real news
Stormy and the porn-star Humper.
It's hard to eliminate the rat population,but sometimes we do!!!
Can we get a correction to the collection?
He should correct the fact that he is dumps lawyer and go back home
Soon ??? How long does it take him to memorize a bunch of talking points ?
We need to get Peter to ask Rudy about his lies. Remember this wonderful moment?
Why does he needs a correction if there is only "fake news" from the Liar in Chief? Nobody will believe what he say now.
Yeah, he has to memorize the script of lies they're giving him. Giuliani and Trump can save it. Anything coming from them now is unbelievable and more than likely fabrications and not remotely resembling the truth.
New set of lies to replace the old set of lies.
LOL!  Trumps new lawyer, Emmett Flood is already wondering how he can get rid of Rudy.  My guess is that he resigns.
America’s Lawyer Thrown Under a Familiar Bus http://etruepolitics.com/rudydo/ 
Yeah.  As soon as they get their lies straight
Keep talking Rudy

More whiteout to correct mistakes.
The Rudy and Donny show!!!
Most people would fire their lawyers if they don't properly represent them. But as we know, this isn't about truth and justice. It's about SPIN, SPIN, SPIN, LIES, LIES, LIES. Enough is enough. Get these people out of leadership positions. NOW.
no correction has been made.The president has a detailed letter from Stormy saying no affair happened.Rudy has done a great job for the president.
so much bullshit
Sure, once they tell him what to say and to stick to the script.
Can’t get good help?
Giuliani needs to cool it. This Trump Crime Syndicate  is self destructing and doesn’t need any help from Mobster Rudy!
I’m sure it will make the whole problem go away.
i.e. he lied.

We are so used to this now.
Must get lies straight fox will cover it up
Did he "reverse his position"?
#MoreLies
Hahahaha, goodbye Rudy!
Lol..a circus in OUR White House. How long will it take to clean out the GOPs trained "Elehants" dung.
BS - old & nuts. They're playing a bad gameat the expense of the taxpayers. Giuliani is nuts. Lived 30 mi. outside NYC & as a mayor, considered him incompetent. Police assigned crossing guard duties; couldn't leave their post when our car was hit some blks away. 9/11 was worse.
Yo Rudy!  Is that gonna be the same time that Dennis Miller comes up with his side-splittin @michelleisawolf jokes?
as soon as Rudy "gets his facts straight" it's the Charlie McCarthy & Mortimer Snerd show headling at the WH. Rating are high, VERY HIGH.
@mitchellreports Who is paying @StormyDaniels Attorney because she is NOT
Lies upon lies, replaced by new lies. They just keep telling bigger and bigger lies until one finally sticks. Liars. This is the new normal
Why is America tolerating this nonsense from this abhorrent administration . With each day that passes the embarrassment to America is more and more pronounced
Oh plueeeze just sfu already, so far all of your "corrections" have only made things worse. Good thing Giuliani's on Trump's side.

In the words of @GeorgeTakei Oh My!
Correction?
Rudy will deliver new material before @DennisDMZ does.

It  doesn’t matter msnbc will just make something up
They’re making up the bed and getting the room ready at the memory care center
Yay

"Correction" is code word for a better formulated lie about a lie. Their brand of damage control is not working.
BS!!!  too many lies This administration is horrible The world is laughing at America #ImpeachTrumpNow
Tell him you’ll hook him up to a polygraph machine while he’s spewing & I bet he won’t give a retraction.
Of course he will. But, first he has to come up with another lie.
#RudyGiuliani is a pair of clown shoes in the circus world of #DonaldTrump .
Rudy huddled in a room with Dennis Miller trying to come up with something that doesn’t make them look even more foolish.
Here is #RudyGuiliani Backtracking the last 48 hours to a restart of new #AlternativeFacks after #Avenatti show some proof of the #RealFacts, i don't know how could #Congress let this #President do what ever he wants when the country really need a #Potus a this time.
How embarrassing for Rudy. No wait, he’s shameless — will say and do anything to remain in the spotlight.  #WeReallyDeserveBetterThanTheseClowns
As soon as he thinks up what lie he’ll tell
No correction needed... you actually told the truth and now your boss is pissed
Need time to get there story straight!
That will take some time! He has to go through all those videos, newscasts and tweets to make sure he gets all the lies straight.
of Cohen and Giuliani, which takes the prize?
So he LIED in his first statement then !!
Here I'll do it for him. "I wasnt aware at the time that Trump had created the false reality of being unaware of the Stormy Daniels agreement. I was also too clueless to pick up on Sean Hannity's hint that I screwed trump's alternate reality up. I therefore retract my statement."

They're working on a new lie. If Cohen told the truth, then Guiliani lied & Cohen broke camp finance law. If Guiliani told the truth, then Cohen lied & Trump knowingly filed a false financial disclosure form, a felony. So they need a SUPER lie. https://twitter.com/MSNBC/status/992437412583411712 …
Can anyone in this administration make a statement that doesn’t need to be clarified or changed later?

The lies are bad enough, but add the statements that are only understood by idiots negates any statement for 24 hours to allow for correction
Got get their stories straight.....

lol @realDonaldTrump is butthurt because old Rudy told the truth
Guess he was made to read the lies he is expected to say?
Too late.
Toothpaste doesn’t go back in the tube
Lie 1, failed.
Lie 2, failed.
Now Lie 3, SMH, will be like 1 & 2, they will fail too.
Yeah.....riiiiiigght! 
So why did he praise him on Twitter.
Lol
@maddow Please look into Rudy Giuliani's head injury & its impact on his personality & impulse control. He's done a 180 since 9/11/1!
TRANSLATION: Rudy Giuliani tells @PeterAlexander he will issue a ‘revised lie’ to his statements about Stormy Daniels "soon."

#StormyDaniels
#Giuliani
#ObstructionOfJustice
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Alternative facts again. Just say you made a mistake and told the truth.
Will we get issued a Dennis Miller joke with that for free?
SO TRUMP THINKS HE CAN WRITE UP WHAT HE WANTS RUDY TO SAY... AND WHATEVER HE HAS SAID JUST GETS DELETED FROM EVERYONES MINDS.... 

AINT GONNA WORK "TRUMP LIED"   PROOF HE LIED NO FAKE NEWS....
To little to late
Oh, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive! - Walter Scott   So fitting for this president and his corrupt administration.
A new lie. Why doesn't he just resign & get it over with
Too Late!!!
Dictated by Donny aka Spanky.
do over
