VP Mike Pence's press secretary Alyssa Farah confirmed to @NBCNews that Dr. Jennifer Pena had informed the White House Medical Unit of her intention to resign.
Maybe she has been hiding VP's diagnosis of homosexuality
Oh, Snap!
Wait, @VP has a female doctor?  Was Mother there for the examinations to make sure no funny business went on?
Wouldn’t she be more worried if the physician was a man?
So does Mike Pence get a check up by this female doctor alone, or does Mother have to go with him? Maybe Mother made her resign.
I immediately wondered the same thing...
Me too
Why was Dr Pena fired?Mother noticed Mike Pence’s new habit of turning his head and coughing as their coitus would reach it’s climax.
Oh dear god. The mental image - it burns! 
Another one bites the dust.  Surprised Mother lets  him have a female doctor.
Can't trust him around other boys?
That's two more just today @maddow  Get that wall graphic ready!  So glad you enlarged it to back wall eh, @POTUS?
Who was the other resignation today? I can’t keep up!
Another person (maybe two?) on EPA Pruitt's staff.  Falling like flies when they are left holding blame bag of burning crap.
A female doc? Pence must’ve loved that!
A male doctor would have made him feel too tingly.
Wait a minute...Pence won’t dine alone with a woman who is not “Mother,” but he’ll let a woman (who is not “Mother”) give him a prostrate exam??
#CupAndCoughMikey
Prostate no r
Thanks—just noticed. Damn autocorrect!
if im counting correctly that's 3 doctors connected to @realDonaldTrump @WhiteHouse w/ ruined careers in 10 days?
He’s got the reverse of the Midas touch.
As @TheRickWilson says, Everything Trump Touches Dies.
Wait. This guy who can't even go to dinner with a woman without his wife chaperoning had a woman doctor??

How do conduct a physical on someone in a full suit and chastity belt?
She made him check his own prostate, which to be fair he's probably pretty good at.
He doesn’t want to be in a room without “Mother” and he has a female doctor? Very weird.
Well he doesn’t want a man to touch him in his private place because it’s to stimulating
Why? I thought all she did was warn the Admin a year ago or something. She turned out to be right. Why would she resign?
That's my question too. My guess is she was pushed out.
She was part of smearing a good “mans” name. She got caught up in the lies and foul stench of this administration.
I CANNOT WAIT FOR THE END OF THIS ADMIN. Everything is opposite, including good ppl being treated like shit. On and off our own soil. 

I HAVE to believe evil will be vanquished in the end . Nov can’t get here soon enough.
@maddow is going to need a bigger studio.
Wait? Did Mother know he had a lady doctor?
Rachel Maddow list is GETTING LONGER.  RACHEL is going to LOVE THIS..LOL
I hear u...
but the chaos of this administration is :/
Was mother present
Tell the truth and they’ll force you to resign. What a disgraceful administration.
Now if either of them catch a cold will they have to go to a CVS Minute Clinic for health care?
Wait - I thought he couldn’t be alone with a woman?
Please can’t she take the VP with her?
time to add another name to the board...
Yeah, but she will never be able to unsee what " mommy" saw

You missed the original CNN story. Jackson got involved when Mrs Pence fell I'll @CampDavid although Pena was handling the situation. Jackson, in doing so,revealed Mrs Pences medical condition to WH staff, against HIPPA laws. Releasing medical details to co workers is the worst.
.Why did #Pence’s Dr Pena just resign? Anything to do with what she found in VP’s Prostate Probe?
Found Donald’s watch
Or a bottle with a note inside.
They have managed to politicize THE PRACTICE OF MEDICINE
Mother must have just discovered @VP had a female doctor and put an end to that.
What I find most fascinating here is that Pence had a female doctor, did Karen accompany him and stay with him for all his physicals???
@maddow 's going to need a bigger wall!
that's alright he still has Mother
Wait??? He had a FEMALE doctor???? Mother????? What say you???

Because Pence thinks women are icky.  
She found out he has no balls - just like a Ken doll


Now that I found out that Mike Pence's doctor was a woman, I can't help but wonder if he brought his wife with him every time he needed a consultation.
Just the prostate exam
Good Lord people. Her allegations were proven to be untrue. You all sound quite foolish.
Good lord hun they were all proved true that is why he withdrew his nomination. And you sound stupid.
You are wrong
Why? Because you say so?
No I based my statement on Senator Testerman's statement some of which I found since you commented to be unsubstantiated. Regardless of that, as a 20 Navy vet, & VA patient, do not believe he is qualified to be VA Director. I also believe he lied about trump's physical.
I agree with you. I was directing my comment to the MAGA who has since blocked me.
Wait.... Mike Pence had a woman doctor? The guy who won't have lunch with a woman unless "Mother" is there?
These people are just such a swamp ! Why because she was truthful ?
Lol
Mother wouldn't let her examine him?
All jokes aside about Mother, I'm confused as to why she resigned. Is she be being pushed out as punishment for sounding the alarm about Jackson?
Maybe she just wanted to GTFO from that shit show. I know I would.
Although I’m certain the doc is a true professional, hopefully @VP wasn’t alone with her without Mother being present.
Shocking. Mike #Pence has a FEMALE doctor? But I thought he would never dine with a woman alone.... 
Maybe she diagnosed him online....
It makes total sense. 

Really if you were him would you want to have some man fondling your mangina?
Please nominate Ted Nugent as the next Sec. of Veteran Affairs

Thx
WHAT! Pence saw a woman privately? What did "mother" say?
Pence had a "lady doctor"? ..I'll be damned, "Mother" must to have had to sit in on all appointments/consultations..
Ronny used to go in and chaperone!
Let me guess they asked her to be VA Secretary...
@maddow doesn't have a big enough  board . She's going to need to take her show outside to the ice rink and put the departures on the walls of Rockefeller Center!
30 Rock is very tall. She can project names all the way up to the Rainbow Room.
Isn't there a trump tower near by?  
I like the way you think.

He had a woman PCP? There's the twist that shook the table.
He has a female doctor??
Everyone anywhere close to this administration has destroyed their career.  Trump is nuclear fallout.
I love how everyone will resign within a few weeks of being in the horrible Trump Administration. That tells how horrible and how stupid Trump and Pence is.
Pence has a woman doctor? Where’s his mommy on this?
I’m shocked he was allowed a female dr.
Truth will get you fired in the Trump house.
Who will administer Pence’s ongoing conversion therapy??
Did Mrs. Pence know her husband was being checked by a female physician? Oh the horror!! Thoughts and prayers.
Can't even keep a mf'n doctor.
Did Mrs. Pence personally attend each of his checkups by a female doctor (already an affront against Jehovah) to make sure nothing untoward occurred, demanding that he be allowed to keep his clothes on at all times?
"She [Dr Pena] went up to the hill and spoke with ~25 Democrats" with allegations against ADM Ronnie Jackson.
Then Jon Tester (without validating went to CNN) 
Wonder what Tester was promised??? 
What's in his closet??? that @POTUS knows...
What he did was beyond wrong,and its directly from the Lefts playbook how they LIE, viciosouly attack ppl to not just run them out of a job but destroy their lives.. so they deserve the same.
I hear ppl saying they've heard there are reports Tester beats his wife and molests kids
Can't verify those allegations, but the Voter Fraud is complete with cancelled campaign checks and Affidavits...submitted to the Election Fraud Committee.
That has Trump's name ALL OVER IT!!!  Trump administration is nothing BUT garbage-filled corruption.
A little backstory on Dr. Pena, the Pence physician who just resigned:

http://armydocwhistleblower.blogspot.com 

@politico 
@maddow 
@chrislhayes 
@DrSCubed 
@TheRickWilson 
@DavidCornDC
Whoa! Mother allowed him to have a female physician? Also, what lies was she asked to tell?
Someone better go confiscate those records !!! PDQ !!
Another resignation?
A Dr. who values his morals over his fame. BRAVO Sir !!!
Y’all—- stop trying to tell me shit don’t smell funny. People keeep jumping off this boat as if Jaws himself is coming for the last supper!
Pence had a female doctor? That’s rather surprising, don’t you think? I guess Mother was present for all of his medical exams.
@maddow add another name!
Amazing
What about Mother?
Just as well. Pence wouldn't unbutton his shirt for a femal doctor.
Mother approves
God people are so sensitive these days
Usually military folks are given assignments from which they cannot ‘resign’...@MalcolmNance , how do doc assignments to WH differ with general military assignments? I was raised a Brat & spent time as an officer’s wife (Army med evac pilot)
Just how many walls will @maddow need to keep track of all the people leaving this administration that is less than 1 1/2 yrs long? Loss of personnel is a main indicator of poor management skills at the top of the company (or in this case, the President sucks at his job).
These people are a scream.
AS IF they have any regard for the rule of law, improprieties, discretion or honor.
The Garbage Administration.
It’s good to see someone with values leaving this trash pit of an administration. Trump is awful.
Has she lawyered up as well?
The gang that couldn’t shoot straight.
There's a new medical staff in town.

Or Mother
What took her so long?
Hmmmm, i thought pence wouldn’t go to a party without his wife bc he didnt trust himself but yet he has a female doctor?  Interesting.
Also worth pointing out that no one listens to Mike Pence.  Not even @MikePenceVP listens to Mike Pence @VP
I think she freaked when her stethoscope couldn’t find any traces of a heart whatsoever.
You know it could be as simple as her getting tired of having to tighten the loose screws in is head every time she sees him.
Because she got caught lying about Ronny.
Anyone ever see valid medical records for Pence?
Translation: Pence ask me what a "pussy" was
What a sycophant @VP is. He fired his Doctor because her complaints about improper release of Mrs. Pence’s medical info conflict with @realDonaldTrump’s false narrative. Obviously Mike Pence loves Trump more than Mother.
being with the trump administration is a black mark on a resume!
Hasn't everyone in this White House resigned over the fall out of one scandal or another?
He doesn't need a doctor. He needs an undertaker.
Pence & TRUMP show they don't give a crap about gun Shootings. Ask yourself. Why don't TRUMP & PENCE go talk at the cancer institute, Red Cross, Doctors without Borders. Reason? PENCE & TRUMP are Bad People. Really BAD Humans. They really don't care for animals or fellow Humans.
@hardball Is Dr. Pena a psychiatrist?
I see I'm not the only one that finds it funny that he had a female doctor. She got tired of having mother in the room for all of his exams. 

He had his own private doctor?!

Now we see why the authorities in Tennessee seems so sympathetic to racist mass shooters...Republican With White Nationalist Ties Nabs Almost 40 Percent of the Vote, Despite Defeat in Local Tennessee Election http://www.newsweek.com/republican-white-nationalist-ties-nabs-40-percent-vote-local-tennessee-909839 …
Everything trump touches......
Seems like everyone clearing house. Pretty soon it will be just Pence & Trump.
One might want to know if "mother" sat in on all of Mike's appointments or was Mike, in his boxers, alone with a woman.

Inquiring minds. 

#GaryCohn #Trump #CHAOS #greatenergy #believeme #WhiteHouse #WestWing #ovaloffice #KellyanneConway #HatchAct #JaredKushner #securityclearance #johnkelly #TuesdayThoughts #Tuesday #cartoon 
How the hell does this guy have a female md when, he won’t eat a meal with a woman without his wife there ...
The whole cluster reeks of reality show cheese. DT needed a scapegoat, now two doctors have taken the fall for his error re the VA nom.
Anybody blaming Trump for ruining the careers oh those two physicians? Sheesh
any1 that comes in contact with Trump gets destoryed.throws away ppl like garbage
WTF is going on there? When was the last time we had a WH doctor crisis, for god's sake?
Whistleblower much?
Even the doctors are abandoning the ship 
It’s nice to know that these privileged hypocrites have their own personal doctor, while at the same time trying to take away any kind of affordable health care for ordinary Americans. Sad !
They keep dropping like flies over there 
I'm glad she's gone.  After 40 years of dealing with the VA for all my husbands care (100%VN) I'm not overly concerned about these current resignations. It seldom reaches down to the level ofactual veterans 
Seems It's time for all of it to crumble to the ground and be rebuilt.
It seems when 1 communicates truth &/or questions circumstances or authority 1 is expeditiously removed. Why? What is it w/fascist authoritarian despots? What's this  shift of austere sense of power? How's this legal 2 rid ppl w/no real reason & keep incompetent/unqualified ppl.
Dr. Lady is running to the hills.  I wonder what's up with that?  No more candy in her sugarbowl.
cues the Queen song
Hears the bass line
you all know the lyrics

Another one bites the dust

#SDNY #Resist #MAGA #TheResistance #BlueTsunami2018
I'll bet he was excited..Wink wink
Who’s the secretary that handles Trumps affairs? Oh that’s right, @PressSec , the woman who both lies AND is out of the loop on too much
They have proven to all be corrupt
She's most likely getting paid big bucks to do so.  Good riddance to an evil woman...
Wait...isn’t Jennifer a woman? Does Pence allow himself to be alone in a room with her?
Actions have consequences.

Why did Dr. Pena resign?  I would guess politics.  Pence is as big of a jerk as Trump.
Bet mother told Mikey, either she goes or I do. Mikey can't be trusted.
.....falling like flies..!!!
Old news. She was wrong. She quit. Two drs (same group) disagree over care. She’s junior to him. He intervened. Medical partners do this all the time. This was turned in a territorial issue over opinion. Nothing to do w HIPPA. This was political. Nothing more. @realDonaldTrump
Wait a minute — this guy won’t eat lunch alone with a female colleague, but he’s fine with a woman administering his annual prostate exam?
Pence refers to her as the Milkman
#ReleaseTheVideo #HRCVideo #ReleaseTheCures #MAGA #ForGodAndCountry #FakeNews #WeThePeople #TheGreatAwakening @realDonaldTrump #Qanon #Winning #1a #2a #Vets #BuildTheWall #PedoGatesReal #StrengthInNumbers #MAGA  #KAG #Pedogate  #PodestaGate #Q #TheStorm #FollowTheWhiteRabbit"
Did you forget to mention she lied and it has been proven she gave false information to Dems about Jackson?  https://newswithviews.com/the-false-accusations-and-character-assassination-of-dr-ronny-jackson/ …
Was she forced to resign ?
What does she know?
Finally, someone with integrity.
Mother let's Pence in a room alone to be examined by a female Doctor?
Find it so creepy to call his wife mother... Does she puts baby powder when she changes his diaper?
Good!  She may be a good doc but she’s a horrible person
Yawn....who cares? Pence is inhumanand very gender confused. Not anyone that the nation should be spending interest or time on.
MSNBC is a domestic enemy of the constitution.
The doctor is...out
Media & establishment politicians are major bullies, and the most powerful entity in the USA...so far.
I don’t blame her. I noticed that the great Obama never once came to the defense of his family’s personal physician even though he praised him while in office
Had a female doctor??? So Mother had to be in attendance?
Because she spoke honest truth to power & then was punished for doing so!
Is mother always with him when he gets an exam? It's not dinner but still...

My Dr. retired. Could you please interview me for a #BreakingNews story. Shhh  ( He wasn’t even gray yet )
For a second I thought the guy had a #Ramones umbrella and how cool is that, but no..it’s just the official seal of the #potus.
Huh. Why would one lead to the resignation of the other. Unless.....
Mother must have been I the room for every exam.
He had a female physician???? Did Mother come to all of his appointments????
Or she just couldn’t handle doing a prostate exam thru his lying ass ....
Hahahahaha
That’s fine, Pence doesn’t need a Doctor, he just prays to his god for health.
I found Mike Pence's soul it's not to late to get it  back Mike

He had a lady doctor?!?
this is how we do it when you don't agree
Casualty of the truth
Draining the swamp.
Was she automatically next in line to be the President's doctor? 
"Turn your head and.... Nope, can't do it, I quit"
Dr Pena...ruins ADM Jackson, destroys her own career in process. 
http://militarycorruption.com/jenpena.htm 
Bye Felicia
"Check my prostate faster...faster...FASTER!"
She should hire the chaplain’s attorney.
Wait, wait, wait. Was he allowed to be alone in a room with a female doctor?
So, who's going to replace her? Dr Who, perhaps?...
Could this thread possibly be more childish?
Another resignation due to the current administration. Shocking!
How on earth is this information important, I mean really! What about Russia or more stormy comey lol
Add it to your wall @#Maddow

That’s ok. Apparently the country doesn’t need free healthcare anyway @VP
Mother allowed Pence to undress in front of a female????
Another Trump debacle.
Pence has a female doctor????  How is he ever alone with her????
Obviously, she leaving to write a tell-all! Isn't that what all these X-Trump staffers do?
What? He has a female doctor? What a load of horse poop!
Well yeah, she is an educated female  and a whistleblower of course Kelly got rid of her, once Pence told him her concerns!
Run Dr Pena, run like Bubba Gump
Hopefully the next to go will be Pence
So the president's doctor is too busy to see the president AND the vice-president? Pence needs his own doctor? Most doctors see AT LEAST 15 patients PER DAY. And since the Trump's health is "astonishingly excellent," it seems a pretty cush job anyway.
So was Mrs. Pence with him when he got his physicals?
Bless you, Dr. Pena, you are a patriot.
The bigger question is does Mother have to be in the room for @VP 's rectal exams?
Pay no attention to the confused woman behind the curtain—that one with the stethoscope...
Not again, how many is this now????????
Integrity does last long in Trump World. Demand @realDonaldTrump resignation today #Resistance
His doctor was a woman? Was Mother in the room when he was examined?

She was forced to step down for going to Tester with lies on Jackson.This led to him going to the media with his lies and did a character assassination of the man with no evidence.Secret service found all allegations to be lies and media helped in this
That’s sad...she had no black marks against her except she stood up to corruption.
And those lies she told
Mother do you think she's good enough for me?
"Mother": Explain to me again Mike why you needed a weekly prostate exam?
Way to have morals and character Jennifer Pena. Thank you for standing up for right.
“Mother” may soon regret letting him have a dude doc check his prostate.
Was Mrs P in the exam room?
@realDonaldTrump @VP SO MUCH WINNING!
Pence’s doctor was a woman?!  How did she examine him with all of his clothes on?  Was Mother present when he went to see her?
That's just the excuse they've come up with. The truth is that the doctor performed the prostate exam while mother stepped out to go tinkle. Mother was very upset that Mikey was alone with another woman.
Pence's doctor DARED to call out unethical behavior of a Trump ally. And now she's gone.
