He not only needs to be thrown out, he needs to repay every penny he stole from the people of the United States.
FIRE PRUITT FIRE PRUITT
Vacation time send him to the Mooo Moooo islands  !
MSNBC has lost all credibility they are now nothing more than a left-wing propaganda machine sickening
#trumpswamp
Anonymous sources at MSNBC include Russia on that list.
Hillary Clinton is a political hack.

She sold uranium rights for cash.

She purchased Russian intel.

She cheated in a debate.

She stole furniture from the White House.

She weaponized the Justice Dept.

SHE HAS ALWAYS LOVED HERSELF.
How is she still on tv oh yea liberals do not care what liberals do
Nothing is stopping this criminal activity....
@realDonaldTrump  OH MY, this criminal thinks he is as good as you.
Not to worry, he’s got the path to Hell all figured out.
R u serious?  Isn’t he rich?  Why is he trying to travel on my hard earned money?
Yes he’s rich, but on the backs of the hard working slobs, The wealthy seem to know how to do this, Look at Trump
He could visit  N. Korea
@MSNBC #FirePruittNow
It's the American environment to make a paragon of how to first.  Travel the world on your own time and dime.
Glad u love taking trips so much! How about on his next trip let’s make it one way with no return EVER! Also it must b on the worlds largest plane cuz we need to put a lot of people on it!
Scott Pruitt is in the lead for the academy award for swamp monster.
When will you report FBI personnel quit right be IG report? Remember Page and Baker?
Wow... It's just a wow! 
It's in your face... #emboldened 
#PruittMustGo
This is blatant fraud, waste and abuse.
Isn’t she that homophobe you guys are covering for??
A bucket list of whims? #ScottPruitt
this is all a lie on Pruitt that the president has come out more times since the media and democrats are pushing to ruin his name.Slandering the man is getting you in more trouble you do not have the right to do this to any one
Does Trump not what Pruitt has been up to?!
The Mob is running our Country!
No doubt you’ll be all over this today!!!
According to one report? Oh that must be fact then. Especially coming from Joy.
How are you getting along with the LBGT COMMUNITY
 wait...Isn't that why MOST on both sides flock for the WH & the Hill to see the world on taxpayers dime?!
And you have become the news!  So don’t talk about someone else’s hypocracy!
How many of these corruption stories have to come out before the WH and congress acts?
I'd be happy to personally fund a one-way ticket to any country of his choice.
So?
#PruittMustGo
Swamp thing

F R E A K I N'   CLASSIC!  tho in all fairness... SOP in Authoritarian regimes... so we're all good!
Corrupt - when will he be fired? He should reimburse all taxpayers money. Uighur - the swamp
according to who??
Some more Anonymous sources!
Crookedness start from the top!
The King of Trumps Swamp...yay..i need taxpayer holidays..give me some excuses to do them.
Ah haaa. There you are @JoyAnnReid .  Laying low until the heat passed...ehhh? Uh oh...maybe that’s not you. Maybe some homophobic hacker took control of your twitter feed.
Most Corrupt Administration EVER!
He could always use the excuse that he wanted to see what countries look like that take their environmental protection far more seriously than the US now takes.
Dear lord! How did this man have time to destroy the epa with all his shenanigans? Can he please go?
Is that "one report" by yet another "anonymous source"?  You guys just make this stuff up, right?
Lies "leaked" by over promoted Obama plants in the EPA running their agenda to undermine the sitting president. Those people ought to be fired and prosecuted.
Swamp
I don't think you all want to be using Joy Reid to promote anything


Hey Joy Reid, does THIS refresh your homophobic memory? Remember when you said you were against gay marriage?
Why is this man still working?

RT if you agree that it is an absolute DISGRACE that Trump was in Michigan last week & NOT ONCE did he mention the drinking water CRISIS in Flint.…
Crook
Hey joy when u gonna bash the lgbt community again? Just asking
Wish you had more credible journalists to deliver this news.
Since I actually care about the environment and haven't seen the world, can I have his job?
Are reports always fact?
Scott Pruitt is for environmental protection like Big Macs are for my waistline.  Moreover, he’s a deceptive crook who almost makes Betsy DeVos look like less of a cesspool Cabinet pick.
Can we file a civil suit against him for abuse of the peoples tax payers money & power? Hmmmm might as well add Trump too. Shit all of them come to think of it. @EPAScottPruitt must be charged and kicked out!
Your relocation plans to USA, Canada, Australia, Europe & UK is certain with us. WhatsApp... +2347065856487

1 USA Tourist visa
2  Canada, UK, US & Australia Residence Visa.
3 Canada, UK, US, Australia, Schengen Students Visa and working visa.
So the anti gay still works there
This man is the poster boy for being fiscally responsible.
Is there anyone in this administration whose not a crook?
#presidentpruitt seeing the world
Joy Reid lied about being hacked to cover up racism and homophobia. She has no standing to attack anybody.
I mean, don’t we all?
Can this guy be impeached?
Joy Reid drew up a list of at least a dozen Russians she had hoped to hack her and asked staff to find reasons for her to hide her homophobic statements
As have you
Let's draw up a list of prisons we want him to go to.
Not one word about this on your network?? Shocking!!
He got hacked right? Just blame it on being hacked. Then it all goes away. #igothacked #believeme #msm
Lay off Scott, Joy.  He's heterosexual.
He really needs to be fired and perhaps put in jail for all the FRAUD, WASTE, AND ABUSE with taxpayers money! Crap! We have laws against this crap!!!!!!
Pruitt Goals & Objectives. 1) Become Administrator of Environmental Protection Agency, 2) See the World on Government Dime, 3) Destroy Agency.
What a f’ing crook.
Happy to legit spring for a one-way ticket to any of these places Scott!  Hit me up!!!

Iran: “Death to America”

Trump: “Make America Great Again”…
Unfortunately the Trump supporters don't care
I can't fathom how one turns away from truth & facts
To swallow the lies of the #ScumBagInChief & his abusive administration
#Taxpayers are footing the bill for their lavish lifestyles
#EnoughIsEnough
#TheyAllMustGo
The Fraud, Waste, & Abuse of taxpayers’ money is already ILLEGAL as hell! Where is Sessions on this crap?
WaPo, a mouthpiece for FusionGPS and other treasonous SOBs, sez...
Seriously?
I'm ok if it's my tax payer dollars but only for one way tickets.
I look forward to the Scott Pruitt episode of American Greed.
#FakeNewsMSNBC   And by the way....why the hell is @JoyAnnReid still working?  Homophobe and race baiter.
off troll
Fake news
Fake person
Russian bot here
Yea.......no you're just an idiot.
 
Thanks for the clarification.
Welcome...just Kristy
Untrue. That list was planted by time traveling Russian hackers.
Wow sounds like someone works a 40 work week for the gov #Finally #MAGA
You're funny!
It's a crime that he still has this job.
The easiest way to get rid of the mofo would be to send him on a one-way trip abroad, since he likes to travel outside of the U.S. so much, and cancel his passport while he's away.  Kind of the Edward Snowden treatment.  I think I'd send Pruitt to South Sudan.  Or Yemen.
Or North Korea.
YEAH BELIEVE LYING RACIST JOYANNREID
joy reid still employed? clowns
Pruitt is corrupt & paving his way on taxpayer money.
Says the racist homophob
Says the troll that can't spell.
Why does this corrupt SOB still have a job? Oh...yeah.
Sorry Alison. That comment wasn't meant for you. I must have tagged the wrong person or they deleted the tweet. Sorry!
Gotcha! NP
#FBR
Nice to meet you 
Same! 
The bucket list administrator.
How on earth do you sleep at night broadcasting manure such as this?
“Hope to visit.....according to one report”.   have there been others?

