I am convinced that Blankenship is a walking, talking parody of a politician.
Don, if you want to argue that calling someone "China person" or "Africa person" or "Mexico person" isn't racist- we'll simply call you a  Bigot person. 
Also a Killer person and a Felon person.
THE CHINAMAN IS NOT THE ISSUE HERE





@MSNBC Vote Blue
The Ignorance is Astounding....
As Trumpee would say, “Excuse me, Excuse me. I am Fu—king Black, not negro. And you are a asshole, Blankenship!
Idiotperson
Mitch is complicit in this era of political sewage.....he engaged in it with Obama for years & has stood idly by while Orange Turd Sammich has injected it with steroids. #EatenByYourOwnMonster
These dudes out here like, “that what the base wants, racism and hate”, crazy times right now.
Has the Orangeperson endorsed the Racistfelonperson?
Well he didn’t mock LGBT persons!
This is bullshit. The is racist because is a discrimination that by definition it is about one type of people
So embarrassed.  I voted WV Blue!
Apparently, he didn’t learn anything in prison
Maybe he was hacked

Like what he said about mitch BUT still a member of the GOP.
I will never vote for any one that  is part of the GOP.
Why is this lying whoremonger back on Twitter?   Joy has no shame
It was a racist remark. However, I don't think joy is the person to be pointing fingers. I have always watched MSNBC, but I cannot in good conscience watch her show. Her comments regarding the LGBTQ community were degrading and wrong an DC MSNBC chose to give her a pass. Wrong.
Thriving in ignorance.
The left is scared in WV just look at their coverage
Why do people even listen to idiots?
Excuse me while I try to find out just how many branches Don’s family tree has.
If Earnest T Bass ran for office this would his campaign would look like.
Please don't judge all of us #WV citizens based on @DonBlankenship's racism, stupidity, etc.
O. M. G.
They’re coming out from under the rocks to follow Trump.
Leave it to a racist liar to find herself in others, and judge THEM, while SHE is no less guilty.
Can believe you have her pic with a story like this.
Refresh you homophobic memory?
There was a time when I would have thought that this was uproariously funny ....... but that was before I realized how many like him there are.  Apparently substantially more than a third of us.
Not so amusing anymore.
Ignorance is bliss. And something else to watch.
hey joy said ms chris
This is a farce to get McConnell reelected
He’s a murderer
My wife and I are thinking of going as a “Swamp Captain” and “China Person” next Halloween.  Need some porcelain, a captain’s hat, and some weeds.
Ahhh....the REAL news.......
Lisa Page quit today. James Baker quit today. IG report looming. https://mobile.nytimes.com/2018/05/04/us/politics/james-baker-lisa-page-fbi.html#click=https://t.co/OwIQrR8j4c …
Hey joy u bad mouthing the lgbt community again today?  Just asking

Stupid is as @JoyAnnReid does
Your comment is off topic, but if you are looking for an argument, I doubt you have half the class and integrity as @JoyAnnReid   I will not participate in your nonsense  any further

Love Seeger you subbing for Chris Hayes tonite!!! See you tomorrow on your show!!!!
He said “person” rather than “man”. He was trying to be inclusive in his offending.
Is that the woman that hates gays?
Reparations for the former Slaves of America is long overdue..Now pay up World..
Omg.  Now I've heard it all.
Sadly, that phrase gets used way too often these days.
I'm an American person...I would think this would be socially accepted in the PC world, no specific gender lol
my sister’s middle name is Joy.  TRUE
does she also hate gays?
WTF
What about homophobic remarks like Joy  Reid?
I'd like to hear the backstory on Cocaine Mitch.
My, Americans so sensitive! Perhaps somebody should look up the word homo sapien, it is the only race of human being there is. Perhaps we all come from different places in the world, and don't all look alike but we are all One race!
have u studied American history at all??
its not sensitive when u know exactly why its being said
socially its STILL 1960s at best here
This is despicable and I wonder if Mitch may feel slightly responsible?  Did he think he’d be shielded from the hostile environment he has helped foster?

@JoyAnnReid
He is not racist. He just has a diminished vocabulary, like Dear Leader.
Diminished implies he had a vocabulary in the first place, he’s just a hick.
How stupid can one be?!
Unbelievable
Coming from homophobic like yourself @JoyAnnReid maybe you should just talk about the weather?
Bot
Haha thanks bro. Obviously can only say the old “bot” phrase because you can’t deny I am right about this homophobic gay basher.
Don't try to down talk bigoted people when you have well known homophobe @JoyAnnReid hosting.
Amazing group of people running for #GOP offices around the #USA.

In the depths of my vivid imagination, could never envision such people could really exist.

#Nostradamus predicted "La Trompette" in his 16th Century Quatrains.

#Rosenstein #Mueller #GOPCorruption #TrumpRussia
could never invision
where do you live??
I live on Charon. 

Charon is Pluto's largest moon.

When it becomes too hot on planet Earth consider taking a trip to Charon.

We are 40 times farther from the sun than the Earth is.

#Planet #Science
She is still on, really?????
@ABC 
@CNN  
@realDonaldTrump  
@MSNBC 
@NRO 
@nytimes
@AP 
@nypost
@NBC
@CBS
@MSNBC

#QAnon 
#AprilShowers 
#ReleaseTheTexts 
#Unredacted 
@realDonaldTrump
You guys are funny. You put a picture up of your own bigot, to talk about another bigot.
OK so would he take offense if we called him an Old White Person?
It's offensive but not racist
"Dude, chinaman is not the preferred  nomenclature"
I wonder if he was hacked? Maybe @MSNBC can back him up and they and OJ could look for the real bigots and killers.
Ok, whitey.
Same rules for homophonic comments @JoyAnnReid ?
And don’t @ me. I’m not defending this Blankenship clown/felon.
she made a bold, straightforward, sincere apology ON AIR
what more do u want?

& u compare that to THIS POS?? com'mon
Did you hear Trump today at NRA?  No mention of background checks, raising age to purchase automatic weapons. Disgraceful. #VoteForOurLives @vote4Lives @marchforourlives  #resist #midterms #registertovote
Cause Trumps a gutless duchebag who will bow to the largest bidder
U of all people, um  I don’t remember saying thise things, I must have been hacked!
Chinaperson is the non sex politically correct version of chinky chineeman.
MSNBC thinks a teenager who wore a Korean dress is racist 
Ridiculous!
OMG
I guess stupidity is a defense
Is “Chinaperson” 1 word? Two? A conjunction? Sorry for the questions, I just know it’s racist and looking for grammatical clarity.
Once again, noone cares about Republicans. Vote for @paulajean2018.
On one hand Blankenship is clearly not a good choice for Senator, but on the other I'm not totally opposed to the idea of making "Cocaine Mitch" work with him every day
And in order to actually post a homophobic statement you have to prove you weren't hacked by Russians
