Does Trump ever actually listen to himself? 

Your "second Amendment rights ARE under seige --but they will NEVER be under siege as long as I am your president." (???) 

So -- I'm confused, which is it?
Trump thinks he’s still campaigning. He forgot that he won and won’t remember again until his aides show him the recorded video of election results coming in. 

That’s why he talks about his electoral college victory all the time as if it just happened.
That’s called dementia
Either they are under siege or they aren’t. Which is it? @realDonaldTrump
We are under siege because of trump.
True enough.
According to Trump, everything is under "seige".
My sanity is under siege because of his blathering and I’m not even in the US. Please accept my thoughts and prayers for the sane in the US. 
It’s a good thing his old man was a better con artist than him or he’d be panhandling on a street corner.
Laughable after they banned all guns at this conference! Two faced lying POS!
And I'll bet those little sheeple all wallowed in the revalee! While the piggies lined up for their complimentary lipstick!
He sounds so desperate.
He clearly is
So you want the gov to take your guns? You know black ppl never fair that well when the gov starts rounding ppl up for the death camps
trump IS the one that said on national tv just a few weeks ago that he thinks it's a good idea to take away people's guns WITHOUT due process 
Think that was to get a reaction from liberals
No it wasn't. https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2018/02/28/trump-says-take-guns-first-and-worry-due-process-second-white-house-gun-meeting/381145002/ …
Yes he was silly rabbit
Make up your mind.
Poor thing.
He makes no sense. Not now, not ever. 
If they are under siege, but won’t be if he’s president, does that mean he isn’t really president?
He’s not my president. I didn’t vote for him so he called me his enemy. I’m proud to wear that label
Because Russia
Gives me money
$$$$
Right
Through
You...
Ask Rudy...
He'll tell you
All about it.
I count the days until you are no longer president and the world returns to normal and doesn’t suck like it does now.
Unfortunately, he's already brainwashed too many people. We'll be dealing with his cult long after he's gone...
True, but I won’t have to look at him or listen to him.  And just that will bring me a modicum of peace.
I can agree with that. I hate looking at he and his neanderthal children, too.
@POTUS
@realDonaldTrump
Practice what you preach!!
Trump would if he knew what that meant
@potus is pandering to his despicables...again.
The First Amendment is under siege. Giving tax payers money to religious organizations is wrong.

When you’re with the Parkland students & family you promise them new gun law protections now with NRA you tell them what they want to hear . Your words mean nothing worst President ever
Good point, we need a leader strong enough to tell victim's families that our freedoms are not why their family was murdered.  You can be compassionate and still be a leader.
Riiiight. The only thing trump & Co has compassion for is the 40M they got from the NRA.
Another reason why Trumps not a good leader.  He should be able to console families and stand up for our rights without the waffling he’s known for
Fat chance.
Well yeah.  Politicians tend to do shit that gets them elected and we beg them to take our rights so we can feel safe .  Hence no backbone

Exactly
He’s also lying.  He came out today and said this investigation is being run by Democrats.  That is a big fat lie. James Comey was a Republican,  Rod Rosenstein is a Republican,  Jeff Sessions is a Republican and Mueller is a Republican also the head of the FBI christopher Wray
It’s too bad that his people hear him and believe all his lies.  Their is no one in these states to correct these lies.  Just a sorry state of affairs
LAUGHABLE
Nobody is trying to repeal #2.
Hes the President how are gun rights under siege then? Trump makes no sense!

Well hopefully Trump won't be president much longer - so that will end that attitude
He’s becoming scarier, if that’s possible.
Wenn ein Mann ein Lügner ist, sei nicht überrascht, wenn er wieder lügt. Das sind keine Neuigkeiten. Das ist alt.
He could spoon feed actual feces to his base and they'll beg for more.

Sick MF
Pure double talk, 'rights are under siege but wll never be under siege while I'm president?' total bullshit, like everything the monster says.
Said the guy who chastised Congress for being afraid of the NRA.  SMH.
@realDonaldTrump clarify..how are my 2nd A rights under siege?
Or maybe they’re not because, after all, he’s president. He literally makes no freaking sense!
He lied to everyone at his WH meeting. He let us all down... especially the students and victims of the fallen. We must vote blue and vote NRA out.
So, let me get this straight @realDonaldTrump, you say Second Amendment rights are under siege, but you also say they will never be under siege as long as you are president. So, that means... you are not president, Donny!

@realDonaldTrump Uh, but if they’re under siege as you speak, then you’re not the president...according to your statement. Good God.
Either they are or they aren’t.
That sentence makes... no sense.
"Your Second Amendment rights are under siege, but they will never, ever be under siege as long as I'm your president," Wait.  You just said that they ARE under siege and you ARE president. You're so fucking stupid.
But he IS President and he just said they ARE under siege.  He can’t even keep his story straight for the length of a sentence.
He's inciting a bunch of gun nuts to protect him if he's impeached.
When he’s impeached.
Baffoon.
She misspelled buffoon. How does she get a retweet? 
I've never spelled it wrong until now... Spell check 
All good.  
It reminds me of “I alone can fix it..” what a ridiculous, cartoonish man-child.
Schools, concerts, malls, offices, night clubs, theaters, churches are under siege by NRA who are murdering Americans by the 1000s every year in America.
The saddest aspect of this is the missed opportunity.  A real President would drop the most polarizing rhetoric from campaign mode and actually address the issue which a vast majority agrees needs to be discussed and debated in Congress.  Ask for hearings, say something unifying
Trump is Trying to buy votes by shmoozing the NRA.He’s scared of @davidhogg111 and the young people leading #EnoughisEnough & opposing killings. @realDonaldTrump,  you lied  to these young people when you said you would do something to stop it, not pledge loyalty to the NRA.
How about you do something to stop mass shooting especially in school. I’m sorry no one should be able to have a assault rifle except the military and swat. Kids should not be able to buy assault rifles.
He is so lost inside his head that he has no idea which dimension he’s in.
They are....but they will never. Got it, @realDonaldTrump. Idiot.
Meanwhile today a woman was shot and killed in Davenport Iowa @GOP @NRA we have a gun problem #EndGunViolence #GunReformNow @GiffordsCourage
He is literally trying to incite violence which is actually against the law
Our entire country is under siege. 
I never thought I might have to defend myself until you.
Best thing you can do for America, trump, is resign!!! Jail would be great too!

Delusional dotard going further off the rails. He really doesn't have a clue what he says.

As long as you are president the 1st Amendment is under siege! So what was February 2018 meeting with Parkland all about? You always change your views according to the crowd @realDonaldTrump
Please stop this man!!!
Looks like he’s afraid of the nra so much for the lies to the kids
Trumps i stoking Fear! And using Immigrants to do it!
So they’re under siege, but they’re not? #TrumpLogic
It’s the same but different! 

His logic defies everything imaginable and, of course, lies
BE AWARE! Nancy Pelosi is coming for your guns on November 6th. Stay at home and defend your rights
2nd amend. is NOT under siege
We don't want morons & mental patients to have weapons, that's all.
The NRA is a shill for selling weapons and cares NOTHING for your safety OR the 2nd amend.
I'm a good guy with a gun that shot & killed a bad guy with a gun  
The NRA is a fraud
Thank goodness only 33% of the country buys into his b.s.
But, he is POTUS, how can they be both under siege and not under siege at the same... oh forgot it! It’s upside down world, I forgot
He talks out of both sides of his mouth.
@realDonaldTrump you tell the Parkland survivors one thing and then play to your 2nd amend base...I would certainly  assume you’d feel safer allowing conceal and carry at this event.
He's the one that said on national tv that he wants to take away their guns without due process
Second Admendment!
So, just today @davidhogg111 tweeted a chart showing gun deaths surpassing vehicle deaths as the #1 killer of 15-29 year olds. But go ahead, worship your guns
That just makes no sense. Are they under seige or not? He says they are and then he says they never ever will be while he's in charge. I'm confezzeled. 
More like our first amendment right is under siege
He has the BEST words!  And repeats them ad nauseam
Well that's a relief!  Trump apparently isn't the President, after all.
That sounds a little like (Who’s on First)..@realDonaldTrump has once again presented us with WORD SALAD 
So what happened to @realDonaldTrump & his “stance”  to make things better after #parkland?  This is all such #bullshit.
Makes me miss the Zen-like incoherence of Donald Rumsfeld.
Trump caught in another major lie today...
That he was for #parkland,
For children's safety,
For gun reform.
... He's only for #NRABloodmoney
They're under siege while he's President but they won't be as long as he's President? Wha?!
Why is Donald Trump being COVERED by 
the #MSM
#MSNBC 
While the #NRA 
Is his 
SUPERPAC?
IT'S UNFAIR!!
@funder @TheDemCoalition @joncoopertweets
Because he was purchased already for 30 million.
Idiot
Did he even read the 2nd Amendment? Can he read at all?  No one wants to take pistols, hunting rifles away,  WE WANT WEAPONS OF WAR DESTROYED.  #ImpeachTrump #BlueWave2018
Fresh lies
Always the same BS! People’s 2nd amendment rights are NOT under siege and NO ONE is trying to take those rights away.
White House Tour and target shooting only $6000! We are setting up a target shooting range on the White House grounds. We want to encourage US vets and MAGA’s to come and shoot a couple clips. Afterwards join us on the golf course and gobble up some chicken wings
So they’re under siege now but won’t be while he’s potus? 
Lol Trump lying again? 
So who is speaking trump or John Miller or John Barron or Dave who didn't sign the document? Con man.
Aristotelian logic at its best.
@realDonaldTrumup has entered the stage of disparity. Showing some true form now in regards to gun control. A Real GANGSTA
Our country is under siege by a traitor president who is conspiring against the U.S with a foreign adversary and paying off hookers n ho’s violating campaign policies by using campaign funds.
@cnn @shareblue @dnc @SenateDems @TheLastWord @maddow Trump & the GOP are DESPICABLE liars. Background checks & assault weapons bans do NOT infringe on your 2nd amendment rights. How do I know? SCALIA said so. Trump & GOP are intolerable dishonest DEMAGOGUES. And we MUST say it.
Assault weapons are under siege and should be but the 2nd amendment is safe more wedge issues and more trump lies
He won’t be president for long
“Look, Look, the sky is falling....” fools.
This is the dog wistle call to Cult 45 to make him president for life....
That makes NO sense. Your second amendment rights are under siege, and you ARE president, unfortunately, but “they will never,ever be unde siege as long as I’m your president”. My cat is literally smarter than you are, @realDonaldTrump.
Yep hes gor tge 1%, Russia  & the NRA,  we get it!
Just keep the 30 million coming  NRA!!!!
Incompetent lying president. Incompetent unqualified administration. Complicit Congress.
He forgot to mention...he has America under siege.
What an a$$hole!
Then I invite Trump and Pence to let their Secret service protection go, arm themselves, and speak at venues where anyone can carry an AR-15
The drunk uncle loves to spout his crap where ever he can. I am so embarrassed for my country
Good grief. #nutjob #dirtymoney #ImpeachTrump

But
So... the words you read off your cute little cheat sheet while you talked with the parents of children who had been shot... you didn't mean it? Shocker.
Good reason he shouldn’t be president much longer. Really one of the many...

This clown is a full on moron. You can quote me. - Grandma in Indiana - We know about morons here.
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization

..."and everyday I'm president, more assault weapons will be added to your communities, and the odds of your child being shot at greater...Winning!"
How are they under siege? R’s continue to take money from #NRATerrorist and stand by when children are massacred. If 50+ dead and 800 wounded at 1 event doesn’t change anything, what will? R’s in Congress are greedy complicit murderers.
"You're afraid of the NRA".  When will people realize Trump stands for nothing and no one except for his own power and wealth.  A truly empty shell of a man.
I'm a pterodactyl, but I will never be a pterodactyl as long as I don't have a set of gills.
Says the man who said "I like taking guns away early,. Take the guns first, go through due process second."
What a freaking liar!! My God, does this man have to lie ever time he opens his mouth? #BlueWave2018  #NeverAgain  What's wrong with common sense guns laws? NOTHING! #ImpeachTrump

@RealdonaldTrump - 2nd Amendment Rights will never be under siege while I'm president.. Nope.. Just our children.. Guess like your buddy Rudy Giuliani said about Jared, they're not Ivanka, so they are expendable.
#Trump would rather have the vote of gun owners and buy those votes with the bloody shattered bodies of dead children
Nobody has tried to to take my guns...
More trump/NRA propaganda & demagoguery. Intelligent lawmakers want a common sense approach to gun control for the gun/rifle platforms that  contribute to our country's insidious domestic terrorism mass murder incidents. The 2nd amendment is not "under siege", never has been.
Wha wha all they do is whine abt that subject. May none of them ever have to bury a child do to gun violence. #TrumpScum
Wait, you are the president, and they are under siege?
Are you on drugs trump?
How many CHILDREN have been killed by gun violence since Trump took office?    How many AUTOMATIC WEAPONS have been confiscated since Trump took office?   There's my answer and comment to TRUMP and the NRA.

Sounds like a call to make him president .... forever .... 
Creating enemies ...immigrants, gun control advocates, the press....etc....is a very old tactic.

@realDonaldTrump Don't worry about the 2nd Amendment. Our country is not crazy enough to elect you again.

Wait so are they under siege or not?
Fucking coward
Wonder what the students from #Parkland #MSDStrong have to say about this! He cares nothing about the lives that have been taken dues to senseless gun violence.
What's @realDonaldTrump hiding underneath the very long tie? A little pistol to hide the other little pistol
soooo...not much longer then?
God , he needs to go.
Blah blah blah
This man needs a therapist. To tell him why he's incapable of holding his lying pie hole closed.
So, not long?
So...which is it, you clown?
Uh, so their 2A rights are under siege but not under siege?
@realDonaldTrump   AS USUAL EVERYTHING YOU SAY IS FAKE NEWS !
Forget the 2nd... Democracy is under siege...
"I like taking guns away early. Take the guns first, go through due process second." - Donald Trump... in February
#BlueWave is coming
In other words, to the #ParklandStudents like @Emma4Change & @davidhogg111, to Survivors of all mass shootings like #LasVegasShooting/#SutherlandSprings, to those of #MarchForOurLives, the @POTUS does not care about you. He only cares about Russia & those funded by Russia.
"They're now under siege but won't be if I am elected president. By the way I am high AF on cocaine and I had Ivanka's used panties over my face as a mask on the entire flight from DC and Mueller can't prosecute her because of the  Divine Rights of First Daughter-Wives."
Your second amendment right are under siege at this event since it’s a gun free zone. What are they afraid of?
Under siege by who?  How?  Please explain who is coming to get the guns, how they are going to do it and how long it is going to take.  Please start by providing the number of guns there are and explain the rest from there.  Thank you.
huh, not at all what he said when he met with survivors of mass shootings.
I'm shocked I tell ya...shocked..
Must you cover him? Just gimme Cliff’s Notes once a week.
I'd like to cover him with a straitjacket and some restraining orders.
Wait, they’re under siege, but they’ll never be as long as Trump is prez? Which is it?

WTF is wrong with you?
Seek help.
I did
At minimum you need your eyes checked if you think that fat tub of orange lard looks anything like that. Lolol 
He just pulls this shit out of his ass, doesn’t he? What siege?? 
President? No. 
Putzident? There ya go. 

I wouldn’t trust you with my beer money.
Hey Trump, how about our 1st Amendment rights?
No
Mueller probe has NOTHING to do with NRA!
This bottom feeder is beyond amazing. There just aren’t words in the human language to describe him.
Is that even coherent? He IS the president now & he says their gun rights are under siege. He is illiterate.
we have democrats who want to take our guns there in for a big surprise come Nov this will all be attached to them when we start campaigning for the republicans
More gobbledygook
Trump so what about the first amendment which you are attacking everyday
Why does tweeter only have hearts? This is not only a thumbs down but a vomit emoji worthy story.
Yeah right.  How many guns did Obama take away???  NONE
Total horseshit.
Hypocrit
@charliekirk11 is this that logic you guys are always talking about? You guys talk a lot about logic, just wondering


So he thinks he’ll be president for life???
Sounds like another Bobby Newport comment
Every military person can have a muskets
More Faux Snooze playbook lies from the #liarinchief
That's a whopper. As long as there are people who think the 2nd Amendment gives gun owners a license to terrorize the American people, that interpretation will (and should be) under siege. Trump or no Trump.
