I’ll take sentences I never thought I’d hear for $300 Alex.
1st, we are not YOUR African Americans and 2nd, I need someone to fact check that doubling of the numbers and 3rd just because Kanye, Diamond and Silk or happy with Trump doesn't mean the numbers are doubling

That one!  I know that's not what he really wanted to say.

I can’t stand them they’re so disgusting
Same.
Indeed they make us wanna throw up
Y’all have a better stomach than me!!  The mans voice and stupid talk makes me ill!!
I can only tolerate short sound bites. His voice, body, and the lies. This Orange monster sat and listen to friends and family beg for gun reform through tears and now this. #LiarInChief
Wow... playing into his hands... giving him free promotion to people who will never listen th o him and if they dive deep into his discography they're going to get upset
True but if we’re being honest, most people should be upset by that crap Kanye calls music.
I was never a fan of his music really... I can't separate the artist from the art in his case
He had a couple songs awhile back that were catchy but I never cared for him or his “music.” The fact he supports Trump just makes him worse.
This is awesome! Kanye will never sell another album and he will go away!
I hope you're right.
How much more of this do we have to listen to?
Sorry @MSNBC I had to turn your unnecessary @realDonaldTrump speech off and turn it to Empire Strikes Back.  Vader's voice doesn't make me puke.  You lose viewers when you show him for longer than a couple mins.  It makes people physically ill to look at him. Please stop.
He really is pandering to racism.
When has he ever been racist?
Are you serious? He says some white nationalists (aka nazis aka white supremacists) “very fine people” right after one mowed down a protestor, has yet to mention hero James Shaw yet invited the white SWA pilot to the WH just for doing her job. Those are just recent examples.
Did he host a KKK rally or burn a cross on the W.H. lawn?  Fyi...those people have 1st Amendment Rights.  He doesn't have to condemn them.

Next?
So, only blatant racism is racism to you? Ok, got it.  FYI...the 1st amendment doesn’t apply here. He *should* condemn white nationalists (racists) but he certainly doesn’t have to compliment. If you’re still confused, then you’re beyond help.
They are voters.  A Politician needs votes.  Just because he accept money from them does not mean he embraces their beliefs.  If Hitler, Mao, Stalin wanted to give me 10 million for my campaign I will take it.....but I'm not going to do anything FOR them in exchange.
Huh? I feel like you’re having your own conversation with yourself. I never said anything about campaign funds.
Liberals want Trump to berate the David Dukes of the world so he will lose their vote....then a Hillary or Sanders will win.  So, no thank you.  He'll keep ALL people, regardless of their beliefs or funds given to him along with their votes.
#ParklandStrong #ParklandStudents #Orlando #LasVegasStrong How many times and how man have to die till the desire of change lasts more than a cable news cycle? How long before we demand that the people elected govern for us the people the majority? #BlueWave2018 is the start!
Those people being shot we're mostly Democrats in inner city Chicago New Orleans Washington DC New York la.
Have a good life, I hope you finally get that grammar school diploma. Your ignorance is staggering
He, Giuliani and Kanye: The Three Stooges.
What a true piece of trash Trump is. Kanye is also.
WHY IS THIS CRAP BEING TELEVISED?!?!? . THIS IS NOT AN ADDRESS TO THE NATION!!! Is Michelle Wolf right about the MSM? 
Better run fool

Why is MSNBC running this live? It's ridiculous - did you do this for Obama or Bush? NO. Stop now.
Adding Kanye means Trump now has 2 black supporters. That's an increase of 200%! (The single greatest increase in anything, anywhere, ever.)
Kanye West and Ben Carson? 
Oh, I forgot him!
And, oh... What is his name... Uhh... I'll never forget his laughable "9-9-9" tax plan...
He has a masters in computer science (the reason I remember anything about him, at all)...
I can do this... not going to look it up... it's... it's... Cain! Herman Cain!
I'd never heard of him before, or his tax plan. So that makes THREE actual members of #BlacksForTrump. Formidable! Lol! 
Trump Takes UNDUE CREDIT on Black Unemployment - http://FactCheck.org  https://www.factcheck.org/2018/01/trump-takes-undue-credit-black-unemployment/#.Wuyvrgqb1cM.twitter …
 NO, Trump's approval among black Americans HASN'T DOUBLED
Trump says he deserves credit for the lowest black unemployment rate in decades. HE DOESN'T. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2018/1/18/16902390/trump-black-unemployment-rate-record-decline?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=entry&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter … via @voxdotcom
Trump Takes Undue Credit on Black Unemployment - http://FactCheck.org 
 Trump FALSELY CLAIMS His Approval Among Black Americans Has Doubled https://nyti.ms/2EODqDe 

And still hasn’t thanked James Shaw Waffle House hero.  He had no problem thanking a person who said Slavery was a choice that Black people made.  #FakePresident
He just has no scruples, what do we expect
This is America now.
So presidential. @realDonaldTrump would thank Charles Manson if he were alive and said something good about him. Sad!
Trumps greatest hits. Sad.
This lovefest is nauseating. How many times has he gushed over Kanye and still no mention of James Shaw??? And I’m to believe that a room full of (mostly) conservative white rednecks are cheering on a black rapper? Please. #FakeNews #FakePresident #Kanyeiscrazy
Now Kanye is going to regret he ever supported trump! End of career, end of sales, probably end of marriage to Kim 
Can we go ahead and put @AliVelshi on now and quit listening to this tripe?
He's embarrassing! Rex Tillerson was right!
It’s like watching a sick sick person. He’s a cartoon.
Trump doesn’t give a fuck about Kanye.
Kanye West is trying to use the Black Community for Personal Gain & Personal Fame, by Supporting & Promoting Donald Trump, who supports a "Whites Only" Agenda & is a Racist & Bigot! Who is Kanye West & why would the Black Community support him & his "Slavery" comments? Sad!!
Trump feels that Koonye West will bring the black vote to the table, but the problem is, they're both narcissistic and feel that they're untouchable. They REALLY don't know the black community.  We cut them lose before we follow them off a cliff...
He gave the same tired speech. Witch hunt. NBC is fake news. He won the Presidency. #yadayadayada
I know sad
LOL I love it when he thinks he has said something smart and that people really like. He always turns to side to show you his shitty profile.
You've noticed that too! He's sooo predictable... pathetic.
It is ridiculous to be airing this crap .
a meeting of the minds,,,,sub 70 iq in total
TRUMP'S KISSING BLACK BUTTS NOW!
How do you like being a pawn @kanyewest?

Let's stop the fake niceties. This isn't a convention, it's a Nuremberg rally.
Yes, it was nice of the president to throw down the race card. #ThanksKanye
All the speak was nonsense no ideas no true
Both crazy
Not listening for a reason. Hope Kanye realizes what he now stands for. #HATE
Something tells me this doesn't end well.
Oh for the love of Pete. How much longer until we get an impeachment or a resignation?
Our so called president is a whack job.

This guy thinks that the stupidest 20% is gonna save him. He's standing there openly lying, speaking slyly in racial undertones about Hispanic immigrants, and has he yet mentioned James Shaw? Anybody got a bucket of rocks?

Good, Trump. You can have #Kanye! He's as nuts as you.
 Why do ppl cover his long long lie filled speeches any more !
Kanye lost 11 million from his Twitter account the first day he spoke for Candace Owens.
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah!!!!!!
As black radio stations start to shelf his music. A new Album without radio play is bound to fail. Two asses in a pouch
Pathetic.
He's ramping up controversy and chaos as Mueller closes in. Appalling, disturbed and not even close to even a smidgen of normal human behavior.
Watching now. Blah Blah Blah Blah
My PC is set to NO volume when Twump speaks. Normally it's all lies and fake misinformation anyway.
#Resist #VoteThemOut2018 
#ImpeachTrumpNow if not now, as soon as possible
I got a feeling Kanye gonna lose a lot of support and fans after today
#fuckkanye
Another reason to not broadcast this crap: "I learned at 73 years old you don't go into a bicycle race." Wow, sure glad you wasted precious air time on that. Now, "let's talk about guns." Applause. Have me on and I will parody his damn speeches at least my hair isn't orange.


What is happening

Is this a "Nazi" rally or what is this shit? He is off the rails as usual.. This is a dark time in America!
You can beat up the Democrats as long as you want just always let everybody know that you were lifelong democrat so you’re beating up yourself And stop lying to the people that you love them you only love you self and money
And basically when you speak you like listening to your own lies and believe them let the people know that You would be honest for a change you say the same bullshit every time nothing new
#Trump is a Dis-Ease on our Country
He's telling the truth now He's a distraction while they're stacking up Judges and rolling back LAWS #DOJ Judiciary #Scotus America Beware we losing our Freedom and Reputation around the world.
maybe good for trump but now i will never buy Kanye west music again.
We are in a twilight zone.
Trump lies.
Who really cares? Idc what @realDonaldTrump is doing in regards to @kanyewest or anything else as long as his tiny fingers are away from the nuke button and if he’s going to #Resign then it’s #HALLELUJAH!
So orange is the new black?
2 nutbag, egomaniac peas in a pod right there, kanye n trump were ment for each other, there both mentally ill
These adoring fools don’t realize trump is much more of a threat to the 2nd amendment than Obama ever was. Trump relentlessly attacks the 1st amendment and is the first POTUS with authoritarian aspirations. Dictators don’t like their public armed. Are there guns shows in Russia?
Proving that ignorance knows no racial boundaries I guess
Why are we having to watch this rot.  It is just another campaign speech.  Give Democrats an equal amount of time.

In a million years did I think a President and Vice President would go to a @NRA conference. Sad day for Americans.
Racist @realDonaldTrump at his worst.
NOW Y’ALL HEARD IT FROM THE TEXAS HORSES ASS PRESIDENT DONALD JOHN TRUMP PROMOTING MORE WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION AR-15 M- 16 & AK -47 SEMI AUTOMATIC RIFLES FULL METAL JACKETS ALONG WITH TEXAS UNITED STATES SENATOR RAFAEL ‘TED’ EDWARD CRUZ.
Ridiculous gobbildygook coming from The Liar in Chief at his NRA, Make America Afraid Again, rally.
There is SO much wrong with this disgusting mofo.
Trump, you’re hard to watch. What. Bunch of crap
.
President Trump thanks Kanye West during NRA convention speech...

#NRAAM2018 #NRAConvention #NRA #2A
57 dead in Vegas 17 dead in Florida, did you ban assault weapons yet. Course not, your Wallets full of NRA blood money. Vote Democrats in November for real change.  Ban assault weapons now.
No but let’s give teachers a concealed weapon behind a locked cabinet and the key behind another locked cabinet, to protect against a nut with a machine gun or F15!
Look at UK, Australia, Canada, virtually no gun murders. Assault weapons are banned there. Strict background checks, mandatory locked cabinets, and trigger locks on each weapon is why Canada hardly has any murders. Most of the guns come in from the US.
I do think we need some gun control
We as Canadians feel sad for your country and hope that your status as having the most murderous country on the planet can one day be a thing of the past. I have dual citizenship, but live in Canada where I feel safe and can walk anywhere even at night. God bless the USA.
We hope so as well
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKanye #ImpeachTheSwamp #RemoveTheGOP
Ohh you got another puppet that’s Kanye your new puppet.sad
Oh. My. God. #KanyeWest #Trump #awfulbromance
Biggest stain on America right there and a total waste of 8 yrs of America's time.

This is troubling on so many levels. 
Think about it. @realDonaldTrump is just sucking up to Kanye so he can get closer to Kim. #PervertInChief #PussyGrabber #LyinDonnie
খোদা বাঁচাও আমাদেরকে।আউয়াল বিসিএস+এলএল.এম ।শান্তিনগর,ঢাকা,বাংলাদেশা
I guess no one told him about the slavery comments, or someone did and he agrees
WOW @kanyewest ... #NewLOW
That statement is just too !! No comment.
He’s so happy to be endorsed by a Batshit crazy person?
Kanye - 400 years of slavery is like a choice. 

Trump - Nazis and Klansmen, some of them are very fine people. 

No wonder they like each other.
Ted Nugent is so jealous right now.
Whoa...
  idiot in chief
He’s the only one doesn’t know Kanye West has a mental problem..:)
Quite of endorsement.
We need to bring back Hollywood Squares and Match Game so that washed-up celebrities like Kanye have a place to go
Hey @kanyewest Here's Trump parading you around at the NRA convention like his "house BOY" 
See the lies he spouts. I'm getting very sick of it.
Clearly a Rudy / fallen 45 strategy... forgetting they’re speaking to white racist gun toting dorks...
Trump is talking about poll numbers.....this is what the kids are talking about.  I'm betting on the kids...............
I Just love Donald Trump. That’s my boy.  Kanye West
Well Obama called Kanye a jackass so you know Trump has to do the opposite.  Kanye’s up for Omarosa’s former job next.  
"I will do whatever you want. You are my overlords. You're great, so great. Believe me, no one cares about those kids they're losers. If I had been at that school I would of confronted that coward & stopped him bigly. No one cares more about the 2nd amendment than me. It's true."
Gee. TWO self proclaimed "geniuses" with no actual evidence to prove it! 

Dear Donald Trump. Shut. The. F*ck. Up.
Did he thank Mr. West because he relieved many white people of guilt by saying for 400 years blacks CHOSE to be slaves? 
This man is deplorable. He praises Kanye (fool) but not a mention of James Shaw who stood up to a lunatic with a AR15.
Hey MSNBC- why do we have to watch this idiot speak to the ridiculous NRA. We know what he’s going to say and how it’s going to be received by the audience. Yadda yadda yadda.
slaver wanna b
Well he has 3 black supporters so he has to mention them as often as possible!
Wow, thanking someone who thinks slaves had a choice.  Nice, way to go.  You’ve just proven once again how truly ignorant you are.  @realDonaldTrump
Why the hell are yall still showing trump rallies start to finish.  You only need to cut in if he gets arrested or confesses to something new!!!
@realDonaldTrump  
Let’s divide the nation more. What a racist.
If you didn’t already know how corrupt and toxic Tx Gov Abbott & Sen Cruz are, Trump endorses them for re-election, now you know.  #Poison #AntiEquality #PseudoElitist #Misogynist #Homophobic #Thieving #ThoroughlyCorrupt GET OUT TO VOTE  USA & future of our children
Cut this crap off. WTF is wrong with u people? Do u not understand what is going on? This is the global organized crime laundromat speaking. Blood money. Hell with u.
Hey fyi I would go to a trump or NRA rally if I wanted to watch this crap..
Why do you Air this orange f*tard’s rambling word salad ?  This is the crap that got Mango Mussolini elected in the 1st place. Thank God there’s the Food Network. Ina’s doing a wine  pairing. Change the channel.
Trump you and Kanye West both need mental help

Pretty sure this was a business strategy planned by both.. #Trump needs ppl to believe he's not racist and #kanye is played out and needs a new set of followers
Kanye West called slavery a choice. TMZ’s Van Lathan gave a forceful…
I have to get a beer, I know it’s early but trump is speaking!! Babbling!! Ranting!!! Lying!!!
Why are you running this on your network? What's news about these nut jobs spewing their predictable BS? @MSNBC you are part of the problem.
If you’re a certain celebrity and want to be thanked by president Snowflake just say something nice about him. So fragile.
‘No Vacancies’ for Blacks: How Donald Trump Got His Start, and Was First Accused of Bias
Get off the stage
Now We’ll never here the last of this statistic #FridayBriefing
Make Kanye West Great Again!
Ohhhh I know I just tuned in at that time. He needs help. The man is not normal. He is frightening to watch. I live in Canada  I cant imagine living in the USA right now.  He needs to be shut down ASAP .
Maybe @kanyewest  should be VP. He and @realDonaldTrump could start a band and share inappropriate stories on the tour bus.
Why are you giving this low-life air time. He calls you FAKE NEWS! #BoycotttrumpNBCNEWS
@mindofcelestial @JamesP96_ lol
Things we can do with out for $1000 Alex

What is 45,Kanye and the NRA.....
Recorded audio on cassette player lol
So. Tired. Of. This. Idiot. 

He's not really the President, you all know that, right?

EVERY PERSON THERE BELIEVED HIM.
Well duh, welcome supporters, only!

His no huckleberry
Have a  it helps
What happened to keeping schools SAFE?? You put that on the back burner just like Puerto Rico!!
Birds of a feather, crap on everything together.
omfg
You are a Big Liar 
Why
Why don’t u both leave the country??
It takes one to know. Thanking nephew tom.
@realDonaldTrump @kanyewest
So he studies polls daily but hasn't learned what U.S. community colleges do?
For saying "slavery is a personal choice " just because he happens to be among few elite Africans???  God!  Somebody should stop this world I alight...
@kanyewest @KimKardashian your Brand is dead
Does he realize black people are mad at @kanyewest right now lol ? This guy is a moron
A new low!!!
What a joke
Well, Lah-dee-FRICKIN'-dah!
The only reason racist nazi loving Trump mentions Kanye at the NRA Rally is because The Moron Trump thinks Kanye is anti African American. It’s good for his frightened scared white base.
@PatWentling
NRA & Indiana laws are part of the reason Chicago can't get more guns off the streets. Just saying Kanye!
And a loud *huh?* swept through the room.
BS

Ok then....
Thank Kanye that he needs medication to function
Surely, Trump's racist republican base won't like that.
Barf
Kanye doesn’t speak for the black community only himself. We are not idiots like Kanye is we know a con artist when we see and hear one and that is what Trump is. So no we in the black community do not support Trump. Never ever you can believe that.
Omg shut up already!
Both tools. Like two year olds.
Barf
Kanye Kardashian must be so proud.
This is what happens to a nation when ignorance prevails.
The United States has become a joke!!!!!
@rachelivey #2018
Keep up with this fools everyone NBC msnbc will fall
Well...  He's no Tupac Shakur...
Not a top gun!!
Kanye West, is Ashamed of his Blackish. Trump thanking Kanye West in the NRA Convention, full of Whites. Chocking.

Do you think this guy EVER spends ANY time with Barron??
Hahahahahaha!
This is how this post shows up in my feed. I like this better.
Kanye, diamond and silk! James Shaw.....!
You mean he thanked Uncle Tom.
Trump lost his fucking mine...he praise a brown person....now as long as kiss his ass u ur wonderful
LOL
