And the slept w/the boss and wrecked his and my marriages. Everything is great.
Plastic surgeries helped fight off Father Time too
I was sure the lack of talent would end your career.....alas.......
Yep.. I thought so also....and she's a bad judge of character...you know...joe what's his name
The fact that you're an insufferable ditz should have ended your career long ago.

Botox probably helps also.

Come on now! You mean cosmetic surgeries. Enough with the lies....
It might just be me, but I have always found the most alluring and attractive thing with women is what’s between their ears. The ability to engage in intelligent, sharp and witty conversation beats appearance any day.
You are a stunning and intelligent woman. Your father was an amazing human being. 
Aging certainly ends @realDonaldTrump marriages. Soon as they start to show a little age he trades them in for a younger version.
And you KNOW this how....??
Or are you psychic..??
Or you could just look at the evidence. Hard for trumpslos, I know.
Well let’s see....his 1st wife Ivana Trump is 69. 2nd wife Marla Maples is 55. 3rd wife Melanie Trump is 48. See how they get younger? I’m not psychic, I’m just able to do basic math.
No.. that isn't the ages they got divorced
..seems like your  just a hater.. besides..sooo EFFING whay...small minds worry about small things...grow up..
Oh yeah...masshole...lol
That's only on Fox, where you need to show a lot of cleavage and wear skirts that barely cover your ass. MSNBC has serious women who don't have to dress like hookers. Andrea Mitchell looks great and does a great job.

That aging thing never applies to men, either, does it?
Andrea is a woman of grace and dignity.
really??? age??? I would have been more worried/embarrassed about cheating on my husband with my co-worker... but whatever
Surgery on every part of your body helps too!!
And don’t forget there is always plastic surgery? How’s that working out?
She's being protected by Joe on @Morning_Joe .
What a clown  show with @morningmika and @JoeNBC !Their show is nothing but fake propaganda against our fairly elected President @POTUS
Are you 40? .... sorry .. I thought you were older ...
Having money helps.
@MSNBC Too Much Plastic Surgery
Your greatest threat is your low I.Q.
What career is that?
Then why all the plastic surgery
Ya right! How many face lifts is that now?
What career?
We are like fine wine... we get better and richer with time.
Mika, you are beautiful.
It did.  People haven't changed they are just being nice.
Of course giving it up to your co-host helps also.  
Thinking would actually end your career... you actually believe you are responsible for brainwashing the masses... imagine if you actually had your own opinion. We all see the strings you puppet.
Well, look at Pelosi.  She was next to the woman who washed Jesus' feet.
A facelift solves all problems
Career, what career? LMFAO tabloid news oh wait fake tabloid news! 
Grey hair and age spots. Stop botox and nips and tuck. Age gracefully.
Stay young
Don't worry.  Once Trump is out of office, MSNBC is out of business, and so are you.
Your lack of talent, however, will end your career
You are such a beautiful and strong woman. Love watching you in the morning. May God Bless you today and always. STRONG WOMEN RULE!
And surgery. DONT forget that 
You peaked alright must me the drugs
Haha...
You have no career.  You are a lying snake and the sight of you makes me...

Spoken atop a piano.
Dont worry, 70 is the new 60, HA HA HA
Okay, so you just hit the big 3.0.
If you got away with a little girl name like Mika, you're safe all the way. You should think about being a 60 year old Mika...

Yeah people usually change their minds about that when they TURN 40.
#morningmika stop the hair dye. The chemicals fry brain cells.
