Or to put it another way; don't support those who support the NRA.
Hello, I hope you have a good day, can you help me in something?
What do you need?
Well actually, I do not, they are persons  animal rescuer, could interest you
Thank you but no. I'm not interested.
“It takes no compromise to give people their rights...it takes no money to respect the individual. It takes no political deal to give people freedom. It takes no survey to remove repression.”

PS.  ― Harvey Milk
Hello, I hope you have a good day, can you help me in something?
You rabid leftists aren’t doing anything but making gun sells and NRA memberships skyrocket. Hysterical.
Why not go after the F.B.I. and sheriff Israel who knew about Cruz and did NOTHING!
OMG! I love Ms. Watts! She says so many awesome things! Like that time she told a women who had taken her mom off life support, and lost her father when she was younger, and was now living in a trailer park, that she was racist for not supporting gun control. Awesome!
When protecting the constitutional rights of Americans is labeled toxic, the person doing the labeling is the toxicity.
Hello, I hope you have a good day, can you help me in something?
The @NRA is a toxic organization that has profited by warping the meaning of the 2nd Amendment as well as being a money laundering operation for Russia and other criminals.
Hello, I hope you have a good day, can you help me in something?
SAVE OUR CHILDREN AND COUNTY.
Hello, I hope you have a good day, can you help me in something?
#firejoy corporate shills must go.
Hello, I hope you have a good day, can you help me in something?
Oh look someone who wants to take people's rights away talking to a racist
Bottom line is @MSNBC and @NBC are protecting Joy rather than standing against homophobic hate speech
#shannonwatts stocks, lies about @DLoesch.  Media where are you? #MSNBC #cnn
Both Shannon and Joy love to lie.
Correction:  bottom line is Shannon is a liar! @NRA @DLoesch
he has to right now. he needs a big strong base for when hes taken down
#boycottJoyReid
Total BS 10 feet high
I never thought I’d see the day, but commercial bankers are really making a difference because they are moving away from doing business with entities & people involved in the commercial manufacturing and sale of weapons. That’s really #maga, not what the Trump #2A #cult45 thinks.
what about the National African American Gun Association? @NAAGAGUNS1 which rights do you think we should allow people to keep?
Joy read this!!
COHEN received from TRUMP or acquired himself $1.24 million during the last 90 days of the 2016 election—only $130,000 of which went to DANIELS.…
Hello, I hope you have a good day, can you help me in something?
does joy want to take away gun rights from LGBTQ?
If it saves one child it is worth it right?
that's a matter of perspective.
Well Trump lied to those kids in parkland Trump showed that his word is worth nothing . But we all knew that Trump wasn't going mess up his NRA money
This thinking is gonna go so wrong for the left
the NRA is know for funding the rotc programs in high school getting kids ready for the military.They run the most classes on gun safety.The NRA has never killed any one and neither has there http://members.It 's all liberals doing mass shootings

Companies to protect people who buy the guns? As if they are responsible? Come on. When will you just say it’s the criminals fault!! That’s it. It’s the fault of people committing crime. That’s the only one to blame. don’t get the logic of a black woman like this, when I’m black!
What happened to Lamans brother and the roll line supervisor at flowers plus the affected truck driver in Gainesville and Sandy Hook as well and cloning me is well and the South rising in 2013 thanks for the Battle Flag South Carolina
Go back to being homophobic Joy. At least you weren’t the lying hypocrite you are today. Oh.....and btw....you’ll never get our guns.
And Shannon is a liar!
Still waiting for @shannonrwatts apology for outright lying about @DLoesch being at her rally with a camera crew https://twitter.com/DLoesch/status/992801754784980997?s=19 …

Still waiting....
Shannon, this is a lie. I’m having lunch with my family right now outside of Dallas. Shame on you. https://twitter.com/shannonrwatts/status/992794579769311232 …
@amjoyshow Boycott @NRA
Never realized liberals thought the 2nd amendment was toxic!  Says a lot about this homophobe!
It is refreshing to see a President actually support and defend the Constitution. After the previous 8 yrs of a man that really had no regard for the document.


# killed by NRA = 0
yep, toxic
https://twitter.com/cjane87/status/992396139226943488 …
@NRA is a 501-c or some other form of a Non-Profit Organization.  My Tax$$ support these Terror Organizations as #NRA.
A pregnant black woman defended herself with a legally owned (and unloaded) gun. Now she’s facing two years in prison, and mainstream gun groups are disturbingly quiet. My piece: https://www.vox.com/2018/5/4/17311452/gun-rights-black-lives-matter-michigan-siwatu-salama-ra …
The NRA has nothing to do with responsible exercise of the 2nd Amendment. They are a Kremlin propaganda front.
No, it's an organization promoting gun safety and gun ownership rights.  I realize these concepts are lost on liberals but you believe what you hear on MSNBC so you probably know little to nothing about most issues.
@LarsLarsonShow

I think I do a reasonably good job of keeping my firearms clean, but after a listener to my radio shows sent this, I'm not sure I would pass THIS guy's inspection! ;) Bravo to every American who wears the uniform.
"Doubles down." Way over used phrase.  The toxic is when you call ppl homophobes when you say you don't want to watch two guys getting it on. A liar is denying you said it. That is the meaning of toxic.
Inching your way back from Im not a homophobe? 
Im not a hater! 
Unless its @realDonaldTrump
Its not a private corporations responsibility to make policies for americans... they need to stay the hell out of our constitutional rights or they risk backlash like they’ve never seen.
And acknowledge those thst do. Kudos to @DICKS!
