@SenJohnMcCain    God Bless you and praying for you.  Already preordered audiobook
Part 7 waiting to get Medicare after having Social Security disability for 2 years = 8,000 times 15 years = 120,000 dead.
I pray that you will be around for a long time! We love you, Mr. McCain!
@MSNBC Hero
this man can still be indicted in his role in the fake dossier.And for joining Brennan on going after the president.He said the president is not invited to his funeral
God bless you with a long life!
Patriot!
Part 8 The Forgotten People in our country are those people who are dead because of Social Security disability backlog, people who died from suicide because of corrupt practices of members of Congress and banks - 2014 NBC Foreclosure Suicides Reveal Darkest Side of Housing Crisis
Part 6 2003 GAO http://www.gao.gov/products/GAO/GAO-03-662 ….  2017 Washington Post 10,000 died in the past year while waiting to see Social Security Disability law judge.  If over 4,000 people a year have died waiting to get Social Security disability and over over 4,000 a year have died
Part 5 Over 100,000 may have died since 2003 because of Republicans in Congress dealing with the Social Security disability backlog because Congress has not employed enough Admin Law Judges, other Social Security employees including those who investigate fraud.
Part 4 Medical errors are third leading cause of death in USA.
Part 3 Kenneth Kizer, Bill Clinton fixed the VA.  Bush 2, Republicans Congress decided to destroy VA - 2007 Washington Post It Is Just Not Walter Reed.  2014 Kenneth Kizer Restoring Trust in VA Health Care New England Journal of Medicine
Part 2 refuses to fix Bayh Dole Act.  2002 Washington Post Peter Arno Paying Twice for the Same Drugs
part 1 The federal government has spent hundreds of billions of dollars on prescription drug research and hundreds of billions on other medical research. Because most members of Congress are corrupt, poor people often die because not able to afford treatments because Congress
I thought McCain was already dead.
I miss you & we all need you back in congress! With you,we'd @ least have 1 adult up there. Surely you agree that Trump has no business in the WH,telling mountains of untruths everyday-threatening our democracy! Haven't read your book,but will when I finish Comey's. Prayers sent
MR  SENATOR  DO  YOU  HAVE  ANY IDEA  WHAT  MARCON  LOOKING  FOR .
Prayers for you.
We are praying for you, John. You're way too courageous and stubborn to die, so I'm quite confident that you'll be around for many, many years, the fight's not over, not by a damn sight. So you just get well I'm back in the game.
Our prayers for healing are being sent every day!!
Look into alternative medicine.  Talk to Dr. Mercola
Oh no .........
Prayers to you sir.
His health is failing.  He needs to be replaced.  Let someone handle it.
Cannabis oil RICK SIMPSON hemp solutions for you.  Do not die without trying asshole
Thoughts and prayers
SCIENCE
Keep the faith.   IF anyone can beat this, it is you.  All any of us have is today.  Bless you for all you have done for those who could not have made it without your careful consideration on their behalf.
So get your ass up to DC & be the Maverick that we used to remember and tell those Assholes in Congress to pull their heads out of their Asses and put a stop to Trumps stomping all over the constitution and trying to turn the USA into an Autocrat led country. Nows the time John!
Just go home with your Family...
Leave America Alone... you’ve screwed it up enough!!! @SenJohnMcCain
Hopefully
Wish you all the best and hope of healing. And I disagree with everything you stand for. But that’s why I’m an American
Retire McCain.... put your ego on the shelve and spend time with your family !

Sincerely hope you’ll be around for a very long time .... wishing you good health!!!!
Even though people and parties disagree with each other everyone should wish he be can fight and beat cancer.
Your here until “God “ says otherwise.. now joy life Mr. McCain mucg respect for you 
Why???
Bless Mr. McCain 
... WHAT WHAT WHAT .....

 Federal judge accuses Mueller's team of 'lying,' trying to target Trump: 'C'mon man!'. https://tiny.iavian.net/msjx 
Later Traitor
You have my respect.

Except for that fat cash donation you took from the NRA.

Any thoughts of donating that to poverty stricken Americans?
He has my respect except the fact that he ruined me possibly getting better healthcare without a 10,000 deductible. But I’m sure he gets a Cadillac plan
Sir: I sincerely hope and pray that you will be here and able are are to retain all your mental faculties for a very long time. While I have no respect for the GOP, I truly respect and admire you. Sincerely, Lorena Andry
God bless Senator McCain
5 years?  That is doubtful
Lord knows, you’re one of the good guys!!!!
Get strong Mr McCain! You still have work to do! God will bless you!
God bless you, Senator McCain!

I would spend more time with family, John. You did great service to this nation. Take your daughter on a bike ride, how about that. We appreciate you!
Most of us Sincerely hope that You're Going To be Here, For Many Yers To Come.
And I'm a "Democratic"
So is He
Everyone I know wishes him only the best!
9 years ago msnbc said John McCain was the devils spawn. Now that he’s a never trumper. He’s just great.
Retire already!
Ir's nice that hes reminding everyone who doesn't have health care that he is receiving first class care at the Mayo Clinic when other people just face certain death and no treatment.
Hillary kidnaps children from Haiti via the Clinton Foundation in order to enslave and kill them in a vast satanic #pedogate cult.
