NEW: US unemployment rate falls to 3.9% in April -- lowest since 2000.
#ThanksObama
Obama was a great welfare president
This is nothing more than the summer jobs push, nothing @realDonaldTrump had anything to do with.
Oh please!
This drop in rate is still part of a streak that is 91 months old, not trumps doing thats for sure.
Besides you're a trump supporter since when do any of you say please?
Wages are pretty stagnant. All those tax cuts the big corps are getting are going to investors and CEOS
lol not true at all me and all my friends get more per check
That’s funny..we haven’t seen a decent wage increase in five years?
Manufacturing wages are rising, in fact all wages are finally rising. They did not under Obama
Unfortunately not here.
Soon brother
Hmmm....more jobs, low unemployment, peace with North Korea, new trade deals with Mexico, Canada and China. Liberals are right.... This is why Americans voted and will vote again for Trump! #MAGA 
you can't vote for someone if he's in jail or impeached.
Lowest unemployment in history ! MAGA
Notice everyone is working w/o wage increase. Unemployment have been dropping over the last 9 yrs.
Thank god for the heavy lifting Obama did.
Yep all that cash he gave Iran and the Obamacare fiasco that destroyed small businesses really went a long way!
If that's the case, how come I haven't gotten a job in 27 different places in the last SIX months?? #BULLSHIT!!
Ummmm....no education or skill
Maybe attitude....just saying
#sorrynotsorry
Small business is doing better than ever. Thank you President Trump
The real question is are wages rising since the big tax break Trump just gave away?  Wages have been stagnant for quite sometime..I’m talking years.  The US economy will not see measurable growth until we get money in the hands of people who will spend it.
Don't forget increases in health insurance, gas, certain household goods, interest rates, etc...
This is seasonal temporary cheap labor hires. When the schools start up their gone. This is not job growth.
Sorry, seasonal labor is not counted in this statistic.
That is incredible seeing as though we were told Trump was going to Destroy the United States...
Awesome, thanks @realDonaldTrump
So:
—The GOP keeps the House and the Senate.
—Trump wins re-election
—Trump continues to reshape the countrys' judicial landscape with conservative judges.
—Trump replaces Justice Kennedy and RGB on SCOTUS with 2 ULTRA conservative justices.
—America as we know it has ended.
Nooooooooooo
Thanks @BarackObama we all know these are your numbers

Thanks to President Trump !! 
#VoteRepublican 
Trump effect!
#ThanksObama
Inpeach!!!!!!!
Impeach who?
Drumpf
@lovely_MINace low unemployment, great trade deals, North korea thing,nobel prize nomination... @realDonaldTrump deserves 4 more years..
More jobs but stagnant wages. It has been in the works with the last months not being the greatest for adding jobs. His tax cuts only increased the dividends of the big guys. Trade deals where? His crybaby attitude forcing to renegotiate won't always win. 1/3
Wages stagnant.
Let’s all just remember that @realDonaldTrump told us a long time ago that these numbers were false, Fake News!
Stormy though...
Trump MAGA
Super frustrating my initial reaction, instead of being so happy for our country, is annoyance because we all know who’s gonna brag about this.
Wow what a horrible attitude.  You are frustrated because of job growth.  You can't handle it because you don't like the president.  You are exactly what is wrong with democrats.
Half of them were hired by the FBI to wiretap Cohen. Right?


Thanks to President Trump!
@NBCNews Subway Is Closing 500 Hoagie Shops In The US
I bet y'all hated saying that. U left out lowest since 2000
Best President Ever!
Are those just @realDonaldTrump attorneys? 
#LiarLiar #TrumpLies

Missing expectations.
This did not happen overnight; its been a long, hard struggle since the recession that the bush admin caused. 
Obama set the framework for true recovery. 
Name one thing trump has done to decrease unemployment? certainly not the so-called tax breaks.
People leaving the job force required people to be hired.
This crazy person is not the reason why. He doesn't take any responsibility for all of the negative things that he does.
I never realized all the job openings in the White House. Wow! 164,000 jobs added? "King" of the swamp monsters should really work on filling those in. @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends
Isn't it funny how the GOP said they were fake numbers when Obama started the trend... now they are not
Wow. You actually reported it

Republican ran Bureau. Does this surprise anyone of inflated numbers.
@NBCNews Trump Continues To Cut Taxes Which Will Hurt The Economy And Also Hurt The Middle Class
@NBCNews Toys R Us Is Closing 1,287 Stores In The US
I remember 164,000 being "bad" under Obama.
why don't they post the real unemployment rates?

Is Obama STILL handling those Unemployment Stats?? for trump?
I think this is where the Republicans ALL get on FOX NEWS & (JOINTLY SWEAR) the good figures are due to people NO LONGER APPLYING FOR JOBS!
I suspect "Fake News" covers this??
SAD
THIS IS A LIE.
MAKING UP THESE FACTS, IN AN ERA OF TRUMP.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump I think I’m gonna fall over dead now... 
Are you sure you got it right this time?
thank you @BarackObama  <sarc>
Great
But how much have wages gone up.
Direct effect of @POTUS political directions?
Thanks to Obama.
Steady growth from Obama’s reign. Nothing to do with Crooked Lying Don.
Is that opinion or fact. If fact, please post something proving your point. If not do not post #Fakenews.
That's good news
Make sure you check your numbers with reputable sources...
