Shallow white so called christian folk
GOOD!!!
Thank you Lord
Children deserve a good start in life. Train a child up in the way they should go and when they get older, they will not depart....
Adoption agencies are government funded and regulated, so this is a violation of the CONSTITUTION, and said agencies would lose all funding under Federal Law. 
Well, all those involved will surely be in hell. Love is love. What if GOD was to be like that to them?
No surprise about Kansas. Remember evolution? My state is embarrassing. Surprised we even have cars here. Go to the polls and make that change.
Once again, the FAKE CHRISTIANS show they have no F&$KING CLUE.
Oklahoma has enough difunctional and abusive "normal" parents. You would think any LOVING people wanting to adopt kids and take them out of the broken system would be welcome but unfortunately some States are still backwards

So these big hearted “Christians” would have a child be placed as wards of the state rather than grow up in a loving home?
Cruelty is the new clouded heart of the GOP.
Thank God, why should they Place children in homes with known mental illness.
Shame on them.  The rocks in our garden have more faith than these feeble decision makers. @NewsHour
How sad that kids won’t have the chance to go to loving homes.
Discrimination enforced by the worst "christians"
Sharia law!
What will this do to foster families? Is it the job of the state to decide children who desperately want homes, to say same sex couples can’t foster or adopt? This is pure bullshit. Look at the supposed christian leaders of #Kansas and #Oklahoma
Trying to score points with the religious right. I guess the law makers don't believe in the First Amendment. I expect this to be overturned by the courts.
I asked a dental hygienist, who is a woman of faith with three sons, if she would rather have in her chair a convicted pedophile or a gay man, she couldn’t decide. yet it’s not likley the gay man is interested in her sons whereas the pedophile is anxious to see them
If I were you I'd find a new dentist
And WTF is wrong with that.
If you can't see what is wrong with denying a child a loving home then I can't help you.
Backwards flyover states unite!
This will go all the way to the Supreme court!!!
Be honest theres a big percentage of people in this country who are ignorantly religious,holier than thow, cult like, gun crazy,against abortion except when it suits them, predjidiced up to their eyeballs and they CAN adopt.But not all do as children are still in care-hypocrites
Well you know that this is going to court! Thd LGBT community doesn’t think anyone should be able to tell them what they can or cannot do!
Id like Oklahoma and Kansas, to step down....AS, STATES! And NOTHING would make me happier than a gay kid, being interviewed by Anderson Cooper, saying "Id rather eat my own eyeballs, before I got placed by one of these bigoted adoption agencies, Anderson"
These people are stupid
Kansas Foster system is rife with abuse. They lose kids. There is murder and abuse. How can that possibly be better than a loving home it's parents who really want the children? More self-service by the right wing so-called Christians.
That’s just WRONG! Shame on them! @OKelections @kansas
#pigs
Sad day for kids in those states.
Republicans are most dangerous people in country
What a great faith that excludes people
 THINKING...
These "people" from these states NEED to go!
VOTE THE GOP OUT!
Trust me-we are trying!!
Use your VOTE as your VOICE this November and beyond!
Lgbtq are Halloween children who never grew up.Marriage is between a man woman = no trans. Legal partnerships exit to help the lgbtq idiots with their finances. Can't adopt thru agency?= Grab homeless child off the streets, and their dog. Lbgtq are too laughable to take seriously
I guess you don’t have a family member who is different from you? It is people like you who refuse to acknowledge and accept that we are who we are.
Do you really believe that someone would choose to live their life so you could torment them? Shame on you
How tribal, narrow-minded, prejudiced, and just plain sad. People like this disgust me.
It’s a damn shame that these people would rather have child live feeling unwanted than to live in a loving home. And they think they know Jesus?
Why does it matter? If a LGBT couple is willing to take and provide for and love a child who has no one, why would anyone want to deny that child love?
No body does evil quite as well as the evangelicals
Assholes. I’m so sick of the discrimination with the religion excuse, particularly by people who support a morally corrupt man. They are preventing kids from being placed in good , loving homes.
Backwards thinking idiots. The world is passing them by. In time they will be a thing of the past.
How God like of them.
Shame on you.
Then what you are doing is preventing unwanted children from being placed in loving homes because of your judgmental views. Don't tout religious beliefs because children should be sheltered and loved. I don't recall the bible putting a sex on who should love the children.
Sounds like a good idea, kids already have a bad start, no need to introduce them into a twisted live style, just sayin 
And they call themselves Christians. Many good reasons to live in other places.
Yhe whole ideais to get children into loving homes
Why is it that Christians believe that children in foster homes or in orphanages are better off than in families?! Ignorant people
This country is spinning backwards!

IF WE THE people here on Twitter don't do ANYTHING else this weekend ................ WE NEED TO POUND ALL THE NEWS FROM TODAY INTO THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA UNTIL THEY GET THEIR REPORTING RIGHT!!!

…
@TheTweetOfGod
Why stop there? Block adoptions for those who bear false witness, dishonor their father and mother, fail to keep the Sabbath, covet their neighbor's goods ...
#homophobiaTrumpsequality.
AMEN!!!!!!
Playing god with people's lives is heresy, sinners.  #BurnInHellHeretics
The Sharia States of America.
SMH
I am a Kansan and I am ashamed of this.  This is WRONG.  A child will not have a home because of you - remember to tell Jesus what you did when you pray.
This just pisses me off to no end. I hope those lawmakers start adopting waiting foster kids  by the dozens. I know plenty of amazing  homes raising amazing kids! It is 2018, can we please evolve? 
So more kids are going stay in foster homes receiving more and more government assistance rather than placing them with good parents
They obviously care more about imposing their own beliefs on those kids than they care about the welfare of the kids.
Deplorables
What “faith” could that possibly be?
That’s just sad
In 3-2-1 court time,  not constitutional.
People-this is not how Jesus would act-read the Beattitudes-Blessed r the etc etc-or listen to song-“We r the world we r the children”-these legislators r making hate/bigotry policy-shame on them
Both states at the bottom of the education, healthcare and fiscal solvency barrel.
Thus depriving children of loving parents.
And by extension, it would be totes cool for my Transcendental Humanist adoption agency not to place children in Christian homes, correct?
A Heartbreaking Ruling to Satisfy ‘religious’ Hypocrites!
This is sick and disturbing.
Ugh. I can't even.
So don't use their Adoption service, go to another source!!
Good for you. Back to the 50’s we go
You people are phucked up #VetsResistSquadron #LGBTQ #JustSayin #Resistance #RepealStupidity
Then they must be held to that. Every adoption they grant must be  based on religious belief. None for the divorced, people who have adultered, no fat people, no one who curses their parents. If they want to be stupid then every adoption they okay must be scrutinized by the state
Separation of state and church !
Pro life and Christian my ass!
Thank God.
My Religious beliefs dictate these lawmakers do not receive assistance such as Heimlich, CPR, water, food, medical services in an emergency.
It would be Enabling their Hate.
So the legislators are going to adopt and raise these kids? Eh! Just asking for real people that want to adopt a kiddo!! Really!!
States filled with deplorable Trumpee supporters.  Thankfully, conservative christians are a dying breed.
What about the LGBTQI religious beliefs? Do they not count, or are they not as good as the heterosexual community? And how are our governmental leaders saying this community is not good enough? I wouldn't want Roy Moore, Bill Cosby or Donald Trump as adoptive or foster parents.
As they should
And people wonder why Americans adopt foreign children instead of homeless American kids
Good.
Mental patient supporters of the antichrist have SPOKEN!
So sad
Places I will never visit. EVER.
Here some the SJWs. Everyone is all for states rights until it’s something that offends them.
Bigotry disguised as religious belief. How is this not unconstitutional?
Oh good God. What’s next, a mandatory Bible in every vehicle?
Supreme Court will end this shit. The constitution is more clear on this issue than almost any other. Separation of Church and sate is one of the basic tenets of America.
Since they don't respect the US constitution why don't they just secede and form the Confederate States again.
It would be fun to watch. The confederate constitution says local problems are to be paid for locally. No federal money. It will probably happen anyway but that would hurry the Mississippi River taking a short cut...
Two states where ignorance is bursting from the marshmallow minds.
Just how backwards are these Chrinos? Jesus would weep. This is the opposite of Christanity.
Evil.
Sure...just enshrine hate into law.
@POTUS
This doesn’t look like Kansas anymore, Auntie Em, Auntie Em!
Just as Jesus would have wanted. Denying children the opportunity to live in loving homes.
Dumb
So sad.

Can’t be constitutional.
How about thinking about the kids you are so ignorant
This is so sad to deny any child a wonderful home based solely on who they love.
How many times do I have to ask WTF is wrong with these people?
Inbreeding?
violation of constitutional rights and  illegal predisposition based upon bias and/or sexual discrimination by government agency, especially if they're federally funded. This is all church in state make work and deserves very stiff fines and recompense from criminal violation.
@MSNBC Wow
They are denying the opportunity for a child to live a wonderful & advantaged life.  How sad that is!!  
Homosexuality is a sin. Some don’t want kids exposed to it.
Imagine how ignorant and hateful you have to be think this way, to support it with legislation and then to do it in the name of faith. Awful.
Stormy Daniels looks terrible here.
@POTUS
The brain dead States of the nation. Hypocrisy is their faith.
Christians hating....what kind and loving people they must be.
Extremely F*cked Up!
@maddow Time to call for business Fortune 500 to be told states not women's rights friendly new to leave those state or face boycott.
Need to leave
Is dorothy and toto still living in Kansas?
What is this? Russia?

That’s their right.
Their all NUTS.
Pathetic
@unicornmagic86 Do you think anyone represented the interests the children, the scientific evidence that supports that children do far better adopted than in foster care, that there is no evidence that having gay parents influences a child’s sexual orientation and in fact,
Kids from homes with where both parents are gay, are slightly less likely to be gay than kids brought up in households where both parents are straight. Who represented the interests of the children?
Religion is a cancer to society

