Impeachment for @POTUS hindering of law. interference with a legal investigation. Throw his ass out
On the Left, A Great Man, On the Right, A LIAR that should be in JAIL.
At last - the truth is out there and now Tramp can be subjected to the scales of the very Justice he obstructed.

Rudy might want to sink Trump in deeper hole, he setting him up to be impeach,Trump leave him behind,return when his back against the wall
You have so twisted the Hannity interview.  He said clearly Hillary was the criminal, Trump did not commit any crime, Comey is the liar, a disgrace, the Cohen raid was out over the top, Stormy payment, routine, POTUS was being set up for entrapment.  Get it right!!

I'll take Obstruction of Justice for $100, Alex.
Federal judge accuses Mueller's team of 'lying,' trying to target Trump.
he did not say that and we have proof it was on recommendation by Sessions and Rosenstein that said to fire him.There is no Russian investigation that was made up to get the president http://impeached.Now  on to the IG report that will end Comey and the fbi and doj

Want to know what Trump and Rudy are afraid of?  Why are they getting out front of the Stormy Daniels payment now?    How about other NDA agreements.  According to Steve Bannon in Fire and Fury - "a hundred" women
…
It's funny, yesterday it was something else, non of them can get their shit straight. That's what you get from pathological liars, they go so far with it they can't remember shit they said a hot second ago
If this is so then the President is guilty of Obstruction of Justice! Impeach and move on! Don’t forget to Lock Trump up!
Dishonesty needs to end. They don't get a free pass on lies. And SHSanders, can you be more awful to the American people?! Grumpy
Duh we  were not privy to the information the president received back then and we the people now know that James Comey broke laws and did some other incredibly unprofessional things. So there were multiple reasons he was fired and anybody would have fired him
@MSNBC Hey Rudy, @Comey Told The Truth
Giuliani and Trump are turning our government into a Reality TV Show. That's Entertainment Folks!
Comey's own incompetence reflected by his poor decision making and cowardice are a few reasons that he had to be fired.
Fired based on the IG report morons.
Well stupid and irresponsible again. There is only one person that knows truly why trump fired comey. Your problem is that your fine org doesn’t know who that person is.
Obstruction of Justice
Boy do you twist the truth. Comey told Trump he wasn’t a target. Trump wanted Comey to repeat it to the American people. Big difference then what you’re saying. Remember Rosenstein wrote the letter to fire Comey.

if Crooked Hillary had won she would have fired Comey on day one!
Hmmm, and I can also remember when the democrats wanted to oust lying comey in October before the election!
These Grandpas can't keep their stories straight. This is painful and sad to watch. Just Resign Trump no one will blame you. You have enough BS in your life 30 year old would go nuts. Oh, by the way Fox doesn't help.
Is Giuliani working for trump?????
People Without Power &or Privilege Remain #NeverTrumpHillary We Have Few Funds To Avail Ostensible “Access”: The Digital Divide Is Still Leaving Americans Behind https://mashable.com/2013/08/18/digital-divide/#VbPJuCfXpOOk … Meanwhile  Documents reveal a email alias Loretta Lynch used in office http://thehill.com/regulation/administration/345623-documents-reveal-the-email-alias-loretta-lynch-used-in-office …
This was confirmed too

Rudy Giuliani: The basis of Mueller’s case is dead.
Trump has unfettered authority.  So move on
There was no trump Russian collusion. .
zero evidence
Trump under article ll can fire comey for not saying that .be has that authority.  And Trump had told comey to keep investigating the Russian investigation.if anyone has done anything
He fired comey under Rod rosensteins recommendation..that's why.
While Media go crazy over Giuliani creating chaos, Trump creating new Religious Imposition Office with license to discriminate while DOJ updated their manual to back religious discrimination. This is more alarming than Trump's idiotic distractions.
That and Rosenstein recommending that he fire Comey.... something about the FBI's credibility being substantially damaged by Comey.....
He has the power to fire over any reason he chooses, so now what? Move along
Confirmed. Rudy Giuliani is a complete and utter tool.
No... he actually didn’t.
Wow! THAT is some SERIOUS spin!Here are the actual facts: Comey testified he told Trump 3 times he was not a target; leaks from intel make Trump look bad (later proven false too). Ever wonder why THIS is the only fact not leaked? The most meaningful one at that. #Orwellian #Hoax
We ALL know that.
Rudy is like a verbal bomb for Trump Administration
Damn...who's the the stable genius that thought Giuliani was a good idea?
They should be fired
I'll give u another reason that I haven't heard yet. The 1st time trump saw Jim walking towards him to shake his hand I could almost read his facial expression. Trump is a jealous man. He saw Comey walking  across that room & he hated him for being better than he is!
Yeah but Hillary did stuff with emails and bengahzi and there was a moment when she helped trump by debate. We ignored it but she was doing emailing and Benghazi and Obama was helping poor people and helping hungry kids get food. 

Is that America? I think not.
Giuliani is an idiot. Always has been. Bet #Trump is regretting letting him into his 'inner legal circle?' Question is, how long before #Trump puts 'ol Rudy is out on his ass? A week?
Comey might still have his job had he been investigating the Obama administration. Obama's administration spied can on a Presidential candidate, blamed it on a foreign country, sanctioned it and expelled their diplomats. Comey was on the wrong side of the law!
When asked about it Aunt Lydia said Trump didn’t need a reason. Trump said it was Russher that Russher thing. When they decide on a story and stick with it Trump will tweet it out.
Get Rudy on your show he will come....Mercer's are destroying America for a personal agenda Ava...
And if Hillary would she would have fired him to
To where?
Funny
So sad liberals think this B.S. will amount to anything!
Feels like we’re just about ready to tell the trump “presidency” it’s time to go.
The movie could be named "The Maddow Witch Project."
Giuliani must be the captain of a submarine,seems like he's trying too torpedoe trump and sink him
What is the actual hell is going on here. I’m so confused why is he telling us this? Shouldn’t he be keeping his mouth shut?! My heads about to explode from all this..
Is there an end game here that I'm missing? Is this like a reverse Manchurian candidate? 

How are all these narratives blowing up this uniformly all at once? I'm not a conspiracy guy, but I'd love to hear some...
They're certainly not making it a thriller. They're telling everything. I dont understand this strategy. Openly admitting guilt on air daily
Don't forget the scene where numerous high profile democrats and news outlets called for comeys firing.
So the Trump defense has evolved from "I never knew about 130k hush $" and "I fired Comey cos HRC" to "knew about $" and "fired cos RU but it is all totes legal. Nothing to see here. Go back to your homes"?

Huh...

A less than compelling argument I would say.
Someone needs to find out how many Infinity Stones Giuliani has...
“the Russian thing” so broad and vague one can all but wonder what he’s referring to.
Vague? The Mueller investigation is burning straight through the heart. They've already got their evidence. This is frosting

Wanna see how losing fills you with hatred? Follow MSNBC and pay attention to their reports. Everything is an attack. What evidence are they reporting? Last I checked... Trumps still in office. Pitiful network for a bunch of losers that don’t know what else to do.
Giuliani since he got hired
Rep @RepMarkMeadows, @DevinNunes & @Jim_Jordan have to be investigated for using their oversight authority to get inside information from the Justice Dept & funneling it to the White House for the purpose of obstructing justice & the Mueller inv..High Crime against the State!!
These people should b expelled from Congress.There intentionally leaking classified information. Thats what they said Comey did. It's Nutz
Either he or trump don’t know what they are talking about
Because Comey is a liar?
