I stand with the President.
Well he is sloppy...ie stone so I'm thinking he's on audio/video commiting crime(s) so no rush to interview him

Secondly because of his arrogance/sloppiness they let him go about business creating more entanglements and crimes
You can never tell how badly someone is going to age, can you?
I've felt the last round of indictments will be family... since @realDonaldTrump would then shut down the #MuellerInvestigation regardless of the cost. But the next round before that would be tying the #Russians to the campaign... #RogerStone could certainly be one of those links
Further evidence the Mule rrr is over stepping his leash.
I believe Stone is heavily involved.
Ha ha.....tick tock....it's mueller time....
You people seem to have the patience
Of job......that's good, it will be a long 8
Years for you.
Meuller knows Stone has no connections to wiki leaks.He is not a close confidant to the president.Meuller is not focusing on Stone the judge that saw him went off on him for lying and using Manafort to get to the http://president.Now  he has to prove the unfettered power
Roger forgot to keep his private info private.  OOPS
All of them will pay for all the bad did they have done for Americans.
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy...

I’m having a hard time trying to decide who I want to see put in jail first... so many options....
Roger Stone is a walking disease.

His "proclivities" stretch far beyond money laundering and mobbing.  He has much in common with Trump and Epstein.
Time for the dirty money dictators to go down
Judge T.S. Ellis III might be on the verge of bringing lawful accountability to Robert Mueller's witch hunt against @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. This is welcome news. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/05/04/federal-judge-accuses-muellers-team-lying-trying-to-target-trump-cmon-man.html … … #AZ05
Um where is your report on this? .@TomFitton  on the Mueller investigation: "He's just taking this anti-Trump media  narrative and bringing it into the prosecutorial function of the Justice  Department. It's a real abuse." #Tucker
Who knew? 
#Resist
Trump Stoned? No surprise there!

Manafort, Stone, Atwater 
They seem as cozy as bama, comey and
mueller.
I almost wish he was on Twitter ao we could mock him but then I remember that the snowflake blocked me.
Cough.. Assange
I am so bored with this...stop living vicariously and get some WORK DONE..

I assure you #TeamMueller has run this to ground. When it comes to Stone the investigation is not limited to Wikileaks. Stone is standing in the middle of all lanes of inquiry. Financial crimes, political corruption, national…
This DOJ witch hunt Of intimidation and treason will not win. Tick Tock.
OMG
WAAYY past time for that sleazeball to get his comeuppance!

Another focus on somebody?!? Mueller has to come up with something so he doesn’t look like an idiot spending all this time with no results.He’ll eventually find something insignificant that the left media will exaggerate how awful it is. It’s all about smearing Trump.Nothing else
Take this whole group of thugs down. But please do it quickly.
There’s real news to report, I promise. This is not it.
@baSSxCC 
Lolololololololololololol
My friends have been tired of listening to me for over a year about Stone...He is knee deep in this..
This dudes hair is amazing
Witch hunt
Here’s the problem I have. We know that the Trump@cohorts r criminals. This “man” should be at 12 in the polls. He’s not. I almost want to give up
Right--at least we now know the dark sides of America and can vote and keep them out
Lot of tRUMP U grads on here case not over manafort gone flip. Then Cohen, then Rudy going to say more than he is suppose to and get 45 I'm more trouble
All those videos on that link... NOTHING positive about the good 'ol U S of A.  Amazing how it can be so bad.... because it's not.

Plot thickens
Federal Judge Ellis the third will intervene and shut this charade of the witch Hunt down and the interrigation of everyone who knows Trump and MSNBC will then literally shut down also! Love it!
Dude has a Nixon tat, so he's coo... wait,  WHAT
gay rights
Correction....establishment haters
Keep stretching non establishment haters.
Yeah I heard Stone jay-walked once. Better check on that.
The men in the pen will be using his nixon tattoo as love handles during their male bonding sessions!!
Will you have Roger Stone on one of your broadcasts to respond to this character assassination? Probably not...
Chaos in the White House are attempts to misdirect the media & the US away from the Mueller investigation. This is how Trump runs his debt-ridden empire, to keep ahead of his creditor, Putin. Putin is ruthless with those that owe him $$$?  Is Trump obeying Putin’s commands?
How long has Trump's family/business audit(s) been going on? Are delays related to the Russian investigation? Are there international transactions with shell companies laundering assets with those special overseas accounts some powerful & wealthy Congressmen/corporations exploit?
What has been reported in the Russian investigation is the tip of the iceberg. Putin is probably blackmailing/extorting Trump's debt ridden empire, which is why he has not signed off on Russian sanctions passed by Congress. Trump will not criticize Putin. Why is this happening?
Tick-Tock the clock is ticking Roger. Now who wanted Donald to be President....
Trump campaign was STUPID enough to take the bait from the Russians concerning Hillary. If Trump hadn't destroyed the GOP relationships, he could have had information concerning USSR history. Russians are masters a manipulating greed into blackmail, KGB/mob extortion techniques.
Roger stone is the evil master mind behind the big orange puppet pulling strings
Roger's time in the Barrel.
@MSNBC Roger Stone And Julian Assange Belong In Jail
Is anyone still following Cohen’s trip to Prague?
I'm sure Mueller knows what's up.
Definitely one of the best Stone hair dos •••••••
Or don’ts
Time for Roger Stone to get in the barrel

If any of them go to jail, please let it be this long stinking pos.
@NBCNews @nbc @amjoyshow 

#AMJoy   #JoyReid   #FireReid

The American people are sick of her lies and hatred!  She's GUILTY.

FIRE REID!
Her mug has a lot of miles OF HATE and intolerance on it
He needs to go down/hard
He totally looks like the smarmy a-hole bad guy from “Meet Joe Black” in this picture.
I'd like to see Stone stoned on the mound at Yankee Stadium.  You know, just as a warm-up.
Wait til he gets to Ivanka, Jared and Don Jr; and maybe little Lara, too.
dear me - note to anyone on Earth, just watch the documentary about long time Washington lobbists partners - Roger Stone and Paul Manafort - done and done
I did. I was shocked & horrified.
3.9% Unemployment...  Fake news in 3...2...1...

"Political horse flesh."  I cannot unhear that! 
Photo of Stone before he joined the Hair Club For Men
When he has not been interviewed by Mueller it was clear he is a target and not a witness. #Stoneisacrook

Closest confidants??? Say what!?? Trump and roger are not close at all.  But nice try to recover from your wiretap fail.  #FakeNews
Lock him up
Rudy mentions October 15. Stone mentioned October surprise a few days earlier. Wikileaks released Clinton's emails on October 15.
Did you read the tweet?
Msnbc, cnn get Trump team...
Multiple sources reporting NBC cover-up for numerous deviants on their staff!
we’re triaging jim so traitors before lechers
Read the first 3 paragraphs
Deplorable
Just think they are all buddies
Would you please report some real news! What about what the judge told Mueller!
Those who live in White Houses should cast Stones.
Sorry but again today the Mueller Team got another slap in the face that they are just a witch hunt trying to force Trump out. It ain’t working so go back to talking about how the left will help America get stronger. I will be waiting a long time but I will still sit and wait.
Not really/the judge will very likely rule it should go to the state/not that it shouldn’t be prosecuted/we’ll see/there is no witch hunt/criminal activity from years & years past/45 corruption money laundering for years/as well as his family
FYI- The judge did not accuse Mueller team of lying or witch hunt. He wanted to know why Mueller did not let local Atty Gen bring the charges like they did in Cohen case. Mueller team says charges are related to Russian investigation. Judge wants more proof.

you have nothing stop it..
First, learn how to spell. Second, you don’t know if Mueller has found collusion or not. You should know by now that Trump lies as if his life depends on it and you tolerate it for some odd reason
When is msnbc going to be raided? For failure to report being a democrat super pact...
Triggered


lol lemming
#RussiaGate:
1) Trump Tower  
2) Peter W. Smith & Flynn  
3) Carter Page  
4) Papadopoulos & Misfud  
5) Flynn & Russian sanctions  
6) Cohen & Prague  
7) Prince & Seychelles  
8) Kislyak & Sessions 
9) WikiLeaks & Stone & Donny Jr
...
#SoMuchCollusion #TrumpRussia #TraitorTrump
Lol 
Uhoh
I've been wondering when it all gets back to stone and Paige.
This guy has some weird stuff in his closet.
Without a doubt.

Is this the only judge in America who doesn't know that prosecutors cut deals with lessor criminals to get them to testify about big criminals? 

Or is this just bullshit feigned indignation. He's shocked, shocked, I say, to find prosecutors doing what prosecutors do

Whatever
Did Feds interview him in FL?  Rumor?
They are also investigating Abraham Lincoln & Big Bird.
Mueller team is copying Tom cruise minority report- think crime might happen investigate mueller is the nut!
Mueller is completely out of control. Fire that bastard.
So is it? Or is it not? Did you graduate from Trump University?
Good its about time they hit stone his ties to julian to gucifer 2.0 his ties to Cambridge analyica his ties to alex jones 
His statements on everything change up

Yea I see Matt geatz stone dk 3rd guy but nice 2 of the crew russia got on lock
Is that nunberger..
I can’t wait till this is all over with and we can look back at all the sheep.
So you’ll look back at yourself?
Hahahahahahahah. Oh stop, too witty.
OH. MY. GOD.
"President Trump knew about a six-figure payment that Michael D. Cohen, his personal lawyer, made to a pornographic film actress several months before he denied any knowledge of it to reporters aboard Air Force One in April" @nytmike @maggieNYT @jimrutenberg @mattapuzzo
Have they wiretapped him as well?
Team Mueller Desperation - Team America Contempt For Team Mueller - Tides Finally Turning And The “Justice” Charade Is Over!!!
Russian troll farm slave or bot.
@cnn
You’re all traitors!! And I’m not referring to MSNBC
you guys are starting to lose your minds as nothing is sticking. manafort is about to have all charges dropped. Flynn likely will also. Trump hasn't broken any law and you clowns are losing you minds. what's next? more porn stars you find?
Flynn already plead guilty.
but under false pretenses. you need to stay up to date.
hold my beer
You really think Flynn would plead guilty because he's too stupid not to? False pretenses?
Flynn can't have "charges dropped" , he's already plead guilty. Just hasn't been sentenced.
if he plead guilty under false pretenses he can.
Need some help with that all caps key, sir?
Yes, Please  
It's about DAMN time
I still believe. And  KellyAnne was last Campaign manager and still had her tragic trash cushy job. And. Last. Best. Is his eldest  daughter wife First Lady and everything.  Yesssss
KellyAnne is first. Sorry for typo
@MunworthCrowell ya like he gross I know but he DID got himself some GREAT hair plugs
Yeah, that's the problem.
Uh, that's not the same thing I read - but this is from Faux Noise, so....
Looks like Stephen Miller
Fire Mueller now he is out of control and destroying people’s lives
Fire Mueller quick, so Trump can keep on committing treason with Russia

I see Trump went to the US branch of his bank today

I'm sure he'll get a big fat Russian deposit put into his NRA acct, along w/the rest of the GOP traitors Putin has bought & paid for
I guess you haven’t seen what a Federal Judge told team Mueller today,called him a liar and running a biased investigation and beyond the scope of his assigned investigation
I see that FOX reported it that way, but they have no credibility, they're nothing but Trump State TV

The other reports I saw included the judge's acknowledgement that there is a case against Manafort

I think the judge should see the unredacted order, then decide
FBI Lisa Page and X FBI Lawyer Resign today!  
Judge Ellis gives Muellers team two weeks to turn over the unredacted memo 
BREAKING: FBI’s Baker & Page Resign from Bureau; Both Loyalists of James Comey Who Are Embroiled in FBI Scandals http://bit.ly/2waqfgB 

Has it occurred to anyone else why that Nixon face is where it is?

Who would want to see that while doing Stone? Talk about cockblock - or not? Is it sadism, making some boy toy he's hired look at that while doing him, or some wierd GOP sex subculture, like furries, only not...?
Rumors are that @CassandraRules did the ink for his Trump update.
ewwwwwww!!!!! I need eye bleach!!!
Says Mr ignorant with four followers
