VP Mike Pence's press secretary Alyssa Farah confirmed to @NBCNews that Dr. Jennifer Pena had informed the White House Medical Unit of her intention to resign.
Wait! Mike Pence has a female MD. I thought he couldn’t be in a room alone with a woman.
Sarah Sanders should be following Jennifer out the door.
Is it a resignation or more like a 'force out'?  I say the later.  Pena spoke out against Trump when she spoke out against Jackson.  Trump is an abomination. I CAN'T WAIT until all of his wrong doings catch up with him.  I can't happen soon enough!
 at ALL my typos!  Excuse me, please!  I know better; I REALLY DO!!
Dr. Pena had enough of the BS
Conduct Unbecoming of a US Army Officer. 

Insubordination against a senior Officer.

Tendering her resignation is the least of her worries because the Uniform Code of Military Justice is about to make her life HELL.
The military will hopefully fairly determine if Dr.Pena has done unbecoming if need be
That's one #resistance Colonel that is NEVER going to see a star on her uniform. She'll be lucky to make it out with her pension.
An O-6 went after an O-7 outside of the Chain of Command and proper whistle-blower channels. A Colonel leveled falsified allegations against an Admiral. 

That is career SUICIDE.
If need be Dr Pena & the Admiral will be courted...life goes on
No one wants their career ruined working for these people.

Jackson must be a real piece of work!
Oh but what would MOTHER say?
Pretty piss poor attempt at a story. You never explained WHY Dr. Pena resigned beyond over a settled situation. Instead you regurgitated the Ronny Jackson story. Hopefully, you'll do better in the future.
Mother demanded he keep his “whitey tighties” on at all times.
Everything that Trump touches turns to shit & dies
Oh yes, this IS @realDonaldTrump economy and it’s blazing hot thanks to him canceling hundreds of @BarackObama regulations
You left out a little something. 
Dr Jennifer Marie Pena, NVIXM Cult Member...The plot for her to oust ADM Ronny Jackson, to become the Physician to the President!!! So she could alledge @POTUS tried to rape her!  Is this what @RealDonaldTrump meant about Jon Tester?
Well, it looks like there just might be a spot for The Incredible Dr. Pol in Washington.
If Pence is afraid what might happen if he is alone with a woman why does/did he have a female doctor? Does Pence have his wife in the exam room when he gets a physical?
Clearly, Jackson had no business anywhere near any patient. Why should this woman have to give up here job?
The big news here is that #MikePence had a physician that is a woman.
That Pence had a female doctor is, by a very wide margin, the least interesting/relevant part of this story.
Wait... Pence’s doctotor was a woman? Did mother have to be in the room for his prostate exam?
Could it be that she was worried the sunking admiral was prescribing to much opioids to mother? Who knows...
Should have FIRED her butt for lying. 
The Secret Service later came out and said the allegations were completely false.
What msnbc WON'T tell you about this: As previously reported, VP Mike Pence’s physician was behind the attacks on Admiral Ronny Jackson out of jealousy, according to investigative reporter, Sara Carter.
she was forced to quit for going to Tester with the lies on Jackson.She was mad that he got promotions and she did not.Did a character assassination on Jackson which the secret service found to be lies.The media helped Tester in this and they have been turned in

Conduct Unbecoming of a US Army Officer. 

Insubordination against a senior Officer.

Tendering her resignation is the least of her worries because the Uniform Code of Military Justice is about to make her life HELL.

Are you normally this crazy or just today?
I'm not crazy at all. I understand the Uniform Code of Military Justice, which you clearly DO NOT.
Insubordination.

Making false reports in attempt to disparage a senior Officer.

Conduct Unbecoming of United States Army Officer.

Going outside the Chain of Command and proper whistle-blower channels to damage a flag officer's career.

I guarantee an Article 32 is in motion.
An O-6 made false allegations against an O-7 outside the Chain of Command in an attempt to take his job and have him removed from his position.

Colonel Pena's career is OVER and she'll be lucky to keep her pension.
@MSNBC She Did The Right Thing
Oh that’s worthy story!! NOT lol
Have they called Dr. Zizmore yet?
Cue the circus music.
Whoever put out the Fake News Wiretap Story should resign. Just another day and another fake story. LOL
