Elizabeth do your thing. Keep up the good work you doing for the people.
..@sewarren was way ahead of her time in predicting the banking crisis before office..she saw it spoke out no one listened. She spoke out about pension plan issues, student loan pending crisis's again no one is listening.
Warren is a joke!!
She’s amazing.  I wish her the best
Cue racist republicans in 3...2...1
We’re all aware of her beliefs.  It’s her lies about her heritage, of being a Native American, that are in question and should be answered with a dna test posthaste.
Pocahontas
Oh wait a minute...that when I’ll be catching up on sleep. 
I rarely believe anything that she says
Beautiful lady.
I don't care for Senator Warren. I think she is an incredible loud mouth. All she does is shout. It's tiresome and annoying.
Who dissss?
Me.
Is she gonna be sending smoke signals?
She no smokem peace pipe. She no Indian, just white lying woman with nothing else going for her.
As delusional as they may be.

Will she be talking about her life on an indian reservation before she worked in Congress?
Before Congress she was exploiting har fake minority status for money education and her career.
Crooked Warren founded her entire career on lies, claiming to be a Native American Indian. This has infuriated natives around the nation. She needs to do a DNA test to prove the truth of her story, or resign. She makes honest liberals look bad.
her lies are keeping her from getting ahead.More people have turned against her for lying.This women has done nothing for the people or this country she rather resist and obstruct.Democrats and fbi and doj report is coming new evidence on Hillary emails
Oh...I thought she went to pow-wows
@MSNBC I @SenWarren Of Massachusetts
When is she taking her DNA test?
Lying to get a job would be my guess.

Socialist ....
is she going to prison
Warren beliefs are delusional.... she is  Native American Indian ?
Garbage television at its best.
Take the DNA test or resign
He's never stopped her from defending her beliefs.  I'm not sure what they are since she isn't terribly honest.
Poorly written article.  She's a fake indian.
Presidential wannabe still won’t take  simple DNA test. Pathetic
President is not married to her. She didn’t consult with him when she claimed that she was tribe she can do whatever the hell she wants it’s free country
Elizabeth Warren believes herself a Native American.
I believe Elizabeth Warren is a liar.
I believe the Media are liars.
Thanks for sharing.
You can see the Democrats are desperate when Warren is their lead candidate for 2020
Yes I am interested in knowing about her life growing up on the Indian Reservation.
We know...she was living on an Indian reservation and following all her traditional native American traditions.... cause she is after all a direct dependent of Pochahontas
Vote for the Real Indian
3/4

which he is doing. We're happy with him & we honestly feel that he has Made America Great & we want to keep it that way. All of the rich coastal elites on the North Eastern shore can relocate to CA & our current horrible discord, violence, & hate can simply stop.
The face of socialism Pretty ugly !!! No I mean Socialism
2/4

All of the Americans who oppose President Trump can just run their own country, exactly the way you want, & we can leave each other alone. Please just go away & leave us alone in peace & quiet to run America the way we want, which is what we elected President Trump to do &


#Winning
Fifty seats have already changed hands from the Republicans to the Democrats since Donald Trump was elected!
#RealWinning
More #Winning
So what’s your profession in the work force? Be honest
She would wake in her teepee covered in wolves fur. Her beaded moccasins, bow and arrow at her feet...
Is this a joke???? The woman is a lying opportunist  who took upon herself to call herself  a minority  when clearly she's not, and stopped a  real minority from getting  a job.
Did you find her in her TP on her Reservation for this report ?
She's a liar!! Dems love that!!!

Open Letter To The Other Side of Our Country,

As a loyal supporter of Our President, I have an olive branch to extend to all of you: 

Please just choose somewhere else, such as California, where you can go to peacefully secede from Our Union.
All of the Americans who oppose President Trump can just run their own country, exactly the way you want, & we can leave each other alone.

Please just go away & leave us alone in peace & quiet to run America the way we want, which is what we elected President Trump to do &
which he is doing. We're happy with him & we honestly feel that he has Made America Great & we want to keep it that way.

All of the rich coastal elites on the North Eastern shore can relocate to CA & our current horrible discord, violence, & hate can simply stop.
Please circulate this letter to all of your viewers, readers, & owners.

Sincerely,
Doug Graves-Chaffin

Disgusting.
She lived in a teepee as a young sqaw and hunted buffalo.  What else is their to know?
Well we know you not only racist you're dumb as fuck. The Cherokee didn't live in teepees. If you're going to use racial slurs at least get them correct you dipshit.
It’s a sad day when E. Warren becomes the poster girl for the Resistance. We’ve reached the bottom of the barrel.
Claiming you’re a Native American to seek an advantage over others including minorities is more racist than making fun of her for doing that.
I'm sure all 5 people will enjoy this show.
And what might they be
Oh check the wind
Another liar
