Ok call me stupid but the last time I checked it doesn't matter what color or nationality a person is....we are all one race.....the human race. Or did I miss something
It's no longer PC to call blacks African Americans. They are Americans. Period.
We had a store in Jacksonville poisoning citizens with addiction synthetic like it was candy ! Why was this allowed by the Jacksonville Sheriff Dept ?
Why was this store allowed to poison our citizens? @jaketapper @donlemon @CarolHLN @smerconish @ananavarro @CNN 
We are all Americans.  Lose the term “African”. We all share the same rights.
Like they have different Rights than everyone else. Don’t think so
Always focus on the Negatives never on Positives, MSNBC and the other MSM try to belittle accomplishments because of their petty disdain for All things Republican. Not Fair and Balanced.
The right to vote Democrat shall not be abridged.
Yeah it’s awful when they want to leave the plantation!  Time for them to realize the Democratic Party are not for them!
They have the same rights as every other race, unless someone wants to show me a current law against blacks?
black Americans are opening up there eyes to the fact that democrats have used them for votes only.They do nothing for the inner cities to help the poor who live with gun violence daily.They want to keep them poor.They know they don't have to be democrats
A must watch video: @JimmyDoreShow explains Obama years and why Dem party can’t recover from 2016 election.
African Americans need to pay  Africa a visit.  I suggest Somalia or the Congo or better yet Libya where you will see slavery in full effect. And might just become one yourself.
What was that jobless rate during Obama's reign?? Way higher!!
Democrats are Panicking. Slowly but surely, African Americans are realizing that Democrats are the party of Despair.
Why was Jacksonville arresting citizens for possession of a controlled substance but letting this store distribute it for over 10 years ? Are there different test for business and different test for citizens ???

@MSNBC We're All Americans
Same tights as everyone else. Just need to stop blindly supporting Democrats who have done nothing for African Smericans except talk.

What makes him think we're not.
#BenStein?
Ohh lord.  It’s clear where racism is fueling from.  The media and guys like this.  Must be slow news day.
