That Judge is 77 yrs old and has lost it, he violated his oath to this country and should be removed for incompetence.
Wow. You attack a judge because you disagree with him. Hope you have a safe space.
Te cale Pinche Guey!
And you conservatives are all too willing to look for something that’s not there. Manafort will still get charged for his crimes whether it’s Muellers team or local FBI office. Same with Trump. Judge questioning why they didn’t hand off to local FBI like with Cohen. Big deal
You do know the FBI doesn't prosecute anyone, ever.
Yes I do know that Michael. However the judge is questioning Muellers team as to why they investigated Manafort rather than hand off to local FBI office to investigate. My point is the same result. Manafort going down for his crimes as will Trump if Mueller finds wrongdoing
That's not what you said tho. All the lying, misstating, and innuendo first b4 stepping back to express a more thoughtful opinion is driving so much of the partisan divide in this country. Personally Mueller overall is way out of bounds but of course can find skeltons. On any1.
When a federal judge is calling you and your investigation a lie, you're done.  #ShutItDown
The judge also admitted that the persecution had a ton of evidence and was likely to succeed. 

Oh. And I'm sure you've never said anything bad about judges that have whacked trump upside the head, since your such a strong proponent of the judiciary.
Nah.

The judge said he was skeptical over the ability of Mueller to even bring charges against Manafort.

I'm not a proponent of any judge that oversteps his/her bounds.  Legislating from the bench is not within their power.  I'm so glad you make broad assumptions about people.
That's not what he said. 

Not at all.
Yep. It is. Judge Ellis didn't like Dreeben’s argument that he couldn’t fully explain all the reasons for how the special counsel proceeded. Ellis: "Your argument is that this is the scope of the investigation but we really didn’t mean it and we weren’t required to disclose it."
What’s wrong with these Republicans? This is not a freaking football game. Trump & his campaign conspired with Putin to invade & steal the election. Yet this dumbass judge is making it political. If Putin is not stopped he WILL get worse.  Stop the insanity
@MSNBC @CNN @nytimes
This is reality and not some MSNBC pundit show.  Facts and evidence matter.
Didn't the Judge in VA destroy Rosenstein and the Muller investgation today? Produce the documents @TheJusticeDept @FBI. The judge demands unredacted documents!
BREAKING: A judge raked Special Counsel Mueller's team over the coals at a hearing in the Manafort case, sharply challenging Mueller's authority to pursue bank and tax fraud charges against the former Trump campaign chairman. Developing....will update....https://politi.co/2HQKnpq 
So what, a judge asked questions. Mueller has more than enough evidence to continue accordingly, he's not violating the scope of the investigation.
Yea...Just Questions
I did not realize until I read the full transcript of Friday’s court hearing how badly it went for the Mueller team, which was reduced to arguing: yeah, we violated the regulations governing special counsels but those regs are not enforceable in court. https://www.scribd.com/document/378289370/US-v-Manafort-Full-Text-Transcript-Hearing-Motion-May-4-2018#from_embed …
Its called extorting with witness for info.  Plain and simple.
Are you the same Ken Dilanian who was fired from LA Times, for collaborating with the CIA? Just wondering if "Operation Mockingbird" is genuine
Trump will eat crow, once again, when the judge rules. He is just too much of an idiot to grasp what’s going on.
So you’re saying the president is celebrating the tongue-lashing the judge gave to his own government, the government of the United States?
Trump doesn't seem to understand that he is in charge of the justice department. 

It's almost like he doesn't want American instructions to succeed.
LOL spot on
So your saying Trump's in charge and should be doing something about it but if he dies anything about it you say he's obstructing. And you wonder why they call liberals unhinged.
The president has a job to uphold the DoJ and publicly defend it. 

If he interferes in an ongoing investigation then that's a crime. 

Especially if it's an investigation into him. 

I realize that logic and the law are two things trump supporters don't understand. But still.
He also has an obligation to make sure it's not corrupt and where it is to cut it out to rid the cancer. Exactly why he was elected to drain the swamp which includes the corrupt FBI/DOJ.
Unfortunately, that was just another lie he told Americans. Heis administration is the most corrupt in modern history.
Your brainwashing was thorough. He's the one doing exactly what he said he would despite the obstructive Dems and their propaganda news outlets trying everything they can to stop him. That's the most corruption ever experienced in US history.
The judge sees this for what it is. Unfounded horseshit treason being committed against the United States of America and the office of the President. Mueller, the Democrats and their lackeys are traitors, cut and dried.
Mueller should have this woman judge removed for the bias she is already shown when this investigation team is just doing their job she should remove herself or take her robe off
Mueller can't remove a judge. Here's already running wild and it's going to get him shut down if he doesn't get back on track.
Did not say anything about Mueller getting rid of her she needs to recuse herself she is already selling biased a real judge would just miss their self
You said Mueller should have this judge removed. Do liberals lie as a first response no matter what.
If we do it's because we have great teachers in the White House better known as the crap house
Then thank God Trump has taken it over for your old teacher and liar. The deprogramming can begin.
Unlike you, I worship no man. Trump is a rude, crase, SOB and yet the right man for the job. He knows who all the crooked politicians are because he's one of the rich Corprate types who bought and paid for them, including Hillary. I have no delusions as to who he is. Wake up!
This is so wrong for ANY judge to proclaim before reading the information.
How can trump love that a Judge asked Mueller questions. Or is this another trump stunt. No trump would say he saw the Judge & the Judge said i asked hard questions. Yeah right ! trump is now what a magician OMG trump would say that next.@realDonaldTrump dumbo!
Does anyone else wonder why the judge used the word 'unfettered' in his statement. Correct me if I am wrong, but isn't this the exact term Giuliani used the other day. What is going on here? Smells bad.
Nah. 

The judge was hard on the prosecution but that's his job. 

The judge also referred to the massive amount of evidence and the likelihood of conviction.
As he should , Mule rrr is on a power trip and shows he believes he is untouchable. Everybody has a boss
Maybe judge Ellis is a client of michael Cohen!?
This is what the headline should look like.
he called Meuller a liar and using Manafort to get to the president which is http://true.One  case Meuller brought up was dismissed in 2006.We all loved it finally a judge that rules by the laws of this land and honors to the constitution liberals judges goes against this

Is this judge appointed by Republican
I thought judges weren’t supposed to be partisan.

Bbbbbooooottttt..bot
Luv that response...highlight of liberal intellect...
And the highlight of so called conservatives is the stupid and badly photoshopped meme. I think you’re even. 
Give us more theoretical logic, more opinion, more denial of facts.
Here I'll help....here is a grammatical error?
Denial of facts? You guys have the monopoly on that. Like the orange idiot invading our WH. Alternative facts, your girl Conway called them. Fox has been giving them for years, readying you for this president. It’s like a marriage made in hillbilly heaven.
Don't watch fox and who is Conway? Theory again not fact.
Orange? Really? 
Didn't invade, elected by the electoral college, system in use for many years.
Idiot, Can you honestly stack your accomplishments against a billionaire like him?
Do you now see why you lose? No facts.
Facts? Like you care about facts? If you did, you would not support trump. Kelly Ann? You don’t know who she is? Hmmph. Figures. Plausible deniability? Lol. You call me an idiot? You ask about my accomplishments? I’ve accomplished more than trump. Lots more. Have you?
trump is a traitor & hanging him any way we can is fair.
Hanging??

Relax pal
You forgot to add that the judge called them liars. You always hold back the big zingers that help President Trump.
@realDonaldTrump is a racist, traitor to America and unregistered sex offender.
You mad bro?
Obviously a trump lackey the judge.
Ronald Reagan appointee. Ultra conservative and not commenting on law but on his own personal opinions. Hard questions are good. Personal opinions from the bench not good.
when a judge decides a case because OF the case they need to be fired and replaced. This isn't a "jackass" video, so why is everyone laughing when a federal judge acts like a justice of the peace swilling moonshine??  Where is the outrage?
#maga
Doesn't change a thing
Investigate the judge. Check for recent payments and past donations to Trump.
Doing what a judge should do.. not acreality judge but one who is careful to examine gov overreach.. not a show but real life
Hopefully not another one of Trump’s cronies.
spin much? hey what about those wire taps you reported cohen had between him and the white house....did you just make that up
FINALLY! A Judge that believes in our constitution & our laws! 
Thank you Judge Ellis for calling out Mueller & his lying prosecutors out in the Paul Manafort case!
Another GOP judge on Trump train straight out of Russia head to crash into democracy  WTF
#Sleepyeyes
Sleepy eyes!! 
Turned off @chucktodd again. Our democracy isn’t a horse race and it’s disappointing to hear Chuck reduce a serial liar president to political odds. Your job is NOT to predict elections, your job is to inform the electorate. This isn’t normal political nonsense this is a threat
Judge is dead wrong. Manafort is a tick that needs to be eradicated. Me T needs to go too.
"The best judge"

That's why #Republicans want's to name as much #Judge as possible so they could play with Laws as much as they wanted.
Special counsel should subpoena everyone involved and stop the dilly dally.



Judge was pissed.  He accused Muellers team of lying.
No, he didn't.
Judge had a big ego, I suppose.  Nonetheless, he will be prosecuted.  Trump will have a field day off the comments but if it were not this it would be some other really dumb thing..............who cares.  Just keep the screws on Manafort.
@MSNBC Mueller Has The Power
Good questions to ask Mueller...
Todd msnbc. Cry cry cry.
Finally a judge who ask the obvious questions !!  Bout time.
Put what the judge said on this tweet. Oh yeah. That would hurt your liberal bosses. Never mind.

Bahahaha, no decision is made. Doof!
What he fails to mention is these criminal activities stem from work done for the Podesta group. Podesta was HIllary Clinton’s campaign manager.
Judge was right to ask such questions. Trump might consider following Mueller’s example and try answering questions that might be unpleasant.
Judge is a Trump supporting Republican who I guarantee u got some skeletons in his or a family members closet. WHAT he doesn’t want to do is tick off that ‘fettered’ government and TANK Mueller’s case, because you think  leaking now, his business will be a billboard!
U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III Is a republican Judge.  Who is in his ear? @HouseGOP
Not the same guy that's in the 9th's ear getting all their rulings overturned.
But the Feds won. Yay!
Honest Judge does his job.
hen today says:  "You don't really care about Mr. Manafort,” U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III told Mueller’s team. “You really care about what information Mr. Manafort can give you to lead you to Mr. Trump and an impeachment, or whatever."  Republican Judge doing an about face.
Music to my ears...”the House Oversight Committee has been postponed, as the Justice Department IG has pursued new leads in his review of the Hillary Clinton email investigation, according to a congressional letter and sources familiar with the matter. “ 
Judge T.S. Ellis   Earlier this year, Ellis suggested that Manafort could face life in prison, and “poses a substantial flight risk” because of his “financial means and international connections to flee and remain at large.”     T
Ohh are you guys and your “political consultants” a little peeved?
I love how they put it. Below is how it really read. 

Today a Federal Judge In The Manafort Case Says Special Counsel Is Lying And Is Targeting Trump

He can see it’s a hoax.
What's not to love?  We had an election,people voted and now some other powerful people want to tell us that our votes didn't matter.  We know exactly what team networks like msnbc are on and we will never forget the role you play in our country
Mueller's team is on solid legal ground as usual I'm sure. The judge sounds like he wanted to voice his opinion about government overreach.
Out of curiosity, did the judge actually look at the merits of the case, or is he just whining out of embarrassment for the GOP?
Judge must be old friends with Trump? There’s a plot going on behind this new development.. is judge connected and friends with Florida lawmakers?
Nope. 

Just the judge giving the prosecution a hard time. 

The judge also said that the persecution had a mountain of evidence and was likely to succeed.
Thank you

MS13 
And it phases Muller how????
All judges should ask hard questions.
I wonder how Trump will spin it when Judge Ellis ultimately rules against him?
-HUGE NEWS! As TGP Predicted — Judge in Manafort Case BLASTS MUELLER SPECIAL COUNSEL on lawless “Unfettered Power”
Cs & Bs. The 3 branches of government can limit the powers the other branches has. This way if a branch becomes too powerful the others are empowered to prevent wrong actions & check the power of that branch to make sure the power is balanced between them.
By what authority did Mueller search and seize Manafort property. How could Mueller investigate Manafort for a criminal crime under a counterintelligence FISA.
Lol end of the day, it was nothing but grandstanding by the Judge.
Check out what middle-aged, crony, self-serving leftists look like as they attempt to pretend they don’t know what Sesame Street’s ‘One Of These Things Doesn’t Belong Here’ game was all about. I’m also reminded of the old cartoon, “Doy, just passing through...”

#ObsceneHillarity
This little attempt at witticism falls flat.
Something smells bad in Denmark? Judge is already taking sides with Trump without knowing facts by Mueller?  Is this judge an old friend of Trump and his family?
When will educated America wake up and say Enough Already this has gone on too long with No there there. Sessions Shut it Down NOW

Here's the fact for you... Michael Dreeben has argued more than 100 cases before The Supreme Court. He has never lost. Ever.
Has this judge been bribe by Trump?
I love it too and I nominate T.S. Ellis III for AG!
Getting Mueller and his team angry by manipulating a judge into giving them shit is probably not a great idea lol
Yes cause Mueller will investigate the judge to. Get real, if Mueller tries to do anything to push back against the judge the judge will be all over him sending it all to the supreme Court faster ending in Mueller being shut down.
Mueller time to stop this charade !


You hours late with this story. Why? I guess Stormy Daniels attorney was busy today?

All the scuttlebutt these news maggots drum up. And their editors allowing it, because they’d all be unemployed if it wasn’t for Trump. They would be talking about the boys throwing quarters towards their building.
ANY MAIN STREAM MEDIA COVERAGE ON THE BROKAW HOUSE OF CARDS ? (I will be checking daily @maddow  and @mitchellreports  ! Just sayin’)
Looks like a biased political judge to all of us? sounds like it? nvrdrmp; 99% blkmillennial20'
This will backfire on Trump and Manafort.
And the charade continues
Judge Ellis:  Mueller's team has two weeks on Manfort's case.  Demand's unredacted 'Scope Memo'
Until the case is dismissed and removed, it's all just noise. The charges are legit. He will stand trial.
trump hired a white sheet law firm..
Don’t be deterred Mr Mueller. You are right person at the right time for this job. Be fair in your own mind and push ahead!!
maybe they should bring some evidence to the judge.
Outrageous...that judge should resign!!
Nah. 

The judge also admitted that the prosecution had a mountain of evidence and was likely to win.
All Americans should love it.
Why? Manafort is dirty as can be. Anyone who believes in the rule of law should be eager to see it applied to such a blatant cheat.
Blue wave I think they are all crooked on both sides.  This in my opinion is why they hate Trump.  He is not one of them.

Just my opinion.
Not really sure at the top levels they dislike trump for any other reason than they know he is dirty.  people he brought on board were already being watched and trumps got years and years of dirty books.  Its not a traditional take down but I am all for it.  Hope Kush, Jr and
eric all catch heat.  I will never believe that career upper management at the fbi and doj is going out for trump for anything other than genuine reasons.  They know so much we dont.  Everyone in the trump circle likely has a chance of going down, Sessions included.  Game on.
If trump liked him, guess he wasn't mexician...
