And trumps approval rating keep climbing. Not looking good for Dems. Too many positive things happening, and America just watches you panic and flounder and make fake scandals daily.





Boring.

But wages did not. The rich are getting richer....the most of us are losing ground. We are making the same money when a Big Mac meal costs us $2.00....Today it costs almost $7.00
I mean, we could have elected the guy that wanted to raise the minimum wage, but something something First Female President...
And that guy did not, would not have garnered enough support to do any of the things he promised.   He wasn't willing to take progressive steps ...
Im guessing sarcasm
It was OK when unemployment was not even under 10% with @BarackObama But 3.9% with @POTUS and u nimrods are looking for an excuse to ridicule.
Hard to believe as everyday I read about a business closing and the employees losing their jobs. ???
@MSNBC your not reporting on this WHAT!!!
@FoxNews: BREAKING NEWS: Federal judge in Manafort hearing accuses Special Counsel Mueller's team of lying about scope of investigation, seeking to target Trump
Meanwhile.....
BREAKING: special counsel robert mueller’s team just filed a request for 70 blank subpoenas in alexandria VA, where paul manafort is on trial on charges including bank fraud; story TK 
Nice to know he is still poking around to make it look like he is doing something important.
Indictments will fly like never before.
@KamVTV: Trump is SAVAGE! He is quoting what the judge said at the Manafort hearing on stage at the NRA convention. 

Media heads ROLLING!!! 
No legal basis. Get another judge.
So Brad your law degree is showing 
That's exactly what will happen.  Will be tried by Virginia Prosecutors.
How is unemployment low when we hear about companies letting go employees or small shops going out of business. How are those jobs counted in the numbers?
Because you watch msnbc. They don’t know how to be positive when it comes to Trump.
What does that have to do with my question? That’s an issue that’s plagued all administrations.
They’re not all letting ppl go. Many are hiring. You just don’t hear that on msnbc
Then explain to me why I see vacant buildings where business once stood. I don’t live in a poor area. People are still struggling regardless of what you see.
And your seeing businesses where there were none. At least, where I live.  I don’t live in a poor area either. Matter of fact, live in a part of the country that is second on PHDs per. Ppl are succeeding regardless of what you see
So I should ignore (1) what I see as I drive down the street (2) my friend who works 3 jobs to make ends meet, (3) other friends  and ignore all the others who I see trying to make ends meet doing pyramid schemes all because of some numbers that have are always skewed...
because people age out or are under-employed.
There's NOT going to be any wage gains when hrs are dropped ! Hrs drop no PTO no bonus cause you have to make the hrs to bonus also npaid time off cause no hrs it takes 20 hrs for 1 pto HR  ! We are screwed worse than 6 months ago. So no Vaca either! Incentives down the toilet !
Tells us about wage growth under Obama. You had issues. You faux clowns.
This is hilarious, a lot of people I know have to work 2 jobs. It's bullshit.
What did they get their degree in? Or what trade did they master?
Your question is stupid. Duh, they work as carnies.
Do you think a change in career fields might improve their quality of life?
Again stupid question or are you just trolling people. Come to where real people live. K! Or maybe they can pick up and move right? Go talk to that person making that extra 5$ a week and maybe they'll listen.
I’m asking what jobs these people are doing that requires them to work two jobs. I’m asking if they are living in an expensive place. Your anecdotal situation doesn’t seem to tell the whole truth. To call my questions stupid is not productive to our conversation. Thanks.
If the employment is up it's because people have to work 2&3 jobs to keep what they've scraped for as it is in fear of loosing everything they've built up for the last 10 or more yrs . Quick fixes doesn't make for long run prosperity ! It never works like that .
@MSNBC  if I hear another person get on TV and say the economy is doing find, but you have 50 congress people sleeping in their offices, because they can’t afford the housing in DC. The average person has to have two jobs, like teachers do to survive, while gas prices soaring!
there wages went up after the tax cuts many people have come out and said it was enough to help them.Velshi is not telling the truth he has not talked to people who got more in there paychecks,It's sad when there are millions who got a raise
@MSNBC We're Losing Jobs Than Gaining Jobs? Look At Subway, Subway Is Closing 500 Hoagie Shops In The US
deep state statistics are never real statistics.
What about the unemployed people who benefits ran out. They are not included in the rate of unemployed.
Why did you smile so hard @ the 40 second mark?
He forgot to explain that at some point the wages have to go up to lure more qualified employees. Demand is going to out wiegh supply.
Do you think people believe anything you say? Your credibility is shot.
I guess adultery IS good for the Country. Trump is unconventional but the end justifies the means.
His actions from over 10yrs ago are sad and disappointing, but just like Clinton. We didn’t elect him to be our pastor right. We fired him to kick butt for our country.
The amount of traffic in the middle of the day makes me question these numbers.
All free loaders finally found a job. Good work Trump.
Odd...you wouldn’t be spewing that narrative with the past admin.
Wealthy 5-1% hold well over 40% of our nation's wealth, while the rest of all of us hold 7%. What's more important 1) racial equality & its perks or 2) financial stability across the board. I choose the latter.
Your percentages don’t add up to 100.
Daddy Trump did this for you guys too!
This has existed for over 20 yrs & is being accelerated by this Tax Reform & Admin. Why a 21% permanent tax cut to the already wealthy institutions. Why not 27-28% which would've freed up 6-7% for hard working families to get a permanent solution & infrastructure employment.
Some wages are better than no wages. As the pool of available workers thins out, wages will increase.
Breaking NBC news says Unnamed Sources reveal  the Sun has Burned out. The world only has 8 minutes of Sunlight  @CNN
Tt 12:39
Wages are stagnant. Corporations getting paid haven't spread the wealth amongst their labor force, especially in heartland America. Higher ups rather offer low-wages &  part time hours to hard working families of a walks of life, who are ither below the poverty line or just above
IS  LIED  IS  DISIFOMASHEN  INFORMATION
Find the negative in anything he does lmao brings world peace tonight on MSNBC let's show you why bad!!! Lmao#fakenews
Economy was moving b4 Trump under Obama Trump rolling back regs to make us less safe and everybody around Trump lies 4 him probably adjusting number to make him look better GTFOH
Because they're service industry jobs...min. wage, the good paying, manufacturing jobs were shipped overseas
184,000 manufacturing jobs were created in POTUS’s first yr (Washinton Post 5-Jan-18)
Trump is doing an amazing job, but I'm sure I can figure out a plausible line of bullshit that says otherwise...
Msnbc. The eternal pessimist when the GOP is in power
You really sound nothing like Confucius.
Wages?
Obama said we were in decline and we should live with it. That he was managing the decline. MSLSD agreed. You were wrong again. Your hopes of the decline of America were wrong!!
Let Me help you understand why Ali,  O P E N   B O R D E R S!  Idiot  democrats like Eric @RepSwalwell  Who hates US Citizens! He wants to  flood us with illegals, he wants to ignore the constitution! California  needs leadership! Dump Swalwell vote for @PetersCongress.
Flat wages = low growth.  Doh.
Ali & Steph always looking out for the ppl. 
We wouldn’t have teachers protesting if it was only about jobs. It’s much much more. 

It’s about WAGES, having ENOUGH money to feed, clothe & send our kids to daycare & college. 
It’s about having $ to take care of our aging parents.
Bahahahaha never ends!!!!

Liberalism is a mental disorder
Lowest since Dole administration
Always hating because Hillary is not president
And somehow wages still haven’t risen. Who gives a shit if we’re at full employment if people still can’t afford a house food or healthcare
BTW,  Unemployment maybe at a 3.8% however many of us middle class peoples taxes have soared, along with food, utility, gas, etc.  Many of us are squeaking by. It's great that on employments this at a low many of us are still looking for a job and are taxes have increased.
Inflation has been 2.1% for the last few years across the nation. Don’t know if your area is an anomaly. Pay and benefits have outstripped that. We will also have to wait until next Apr to see how taxes play out.
I don’t understand the 3.9% because for me is a 4% no different when u buy something and the price is $99.99 why not said &100. In math class always was rounded up to the nearest dollar well the same thing here
You have a point. The difference on a $50k salary is only $50. ($2k pay raise/yr)
Thank you, Mr. President!
Thanks Obama!
LOL   If Obama would have done this, he would be hailed as a hero
Obama pulled us out of a near full blown depression & saved the auto industry. No one from the right hailed him as a hero or even acknowledged the good he did.
if you believe the BS the msm said about him, good for you. In reality he forced regulations on businesses that forced them to lay off workers and gave 0 incentive for job gains in his 8 years.   He did everything he could to implode the economy
I disagree. As for lay offs, most job losses are due to robotics, not regulations.
we will agree to disagree then
Millions not reflected in unemployment numbers. Check out labor participation. Not so rosy
Should we count the ppl who quit playing?  I’d like to focus on the woman/man in the arena.
Thank you PRESIDENT TRUMP
Our economy is the best it has been in 2 decades and you still complain.  Takes time to turn around this mess from previous presidents and trumps only 1.5 yrs in. Just wait
@POTUS @RealDonaldTrump @Senate @Congress @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @GOP  Where Are The Raises? Our Wages Suck! A Living Wage Is $15.00 An Hour! So, Jobs But NO Income - Most Can't  Live On!? No Money People Can't Buy- HURTS USA'S ECONOMY!
Try a real job. Stop blaming the world for your poor choices
LONDON IN SHOCK > MURDER & CRIME TSUMANI
LIBERAL ELITE LEADERS MUST BE VOTED OUT ASAP!
must see:
Settling for low wage jobs because living wage jobs are in short supply!
Good news but only .8% in a year and a half most of this recovery happened during the last administration where was all the excitement from the right then?
You mean those jobs aren't coming back......2% gdp is the new reality lol trump waves his magic wand abracadabra bitch!!!
NotSeeingNBC is not looking very hard
Massive strike planned by service workers aganst the University of California universities and hospitals May 7-9. Will he huge news.
WAGES WAGES WAGES WAGES WAGES
We know we are at "full employment" because everyone has to work more than one job.
WHY - BECAUSE TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMY DOESNT WORK. WAGES ARE NOT GOING UP.
Check out http://www.usinflationcalculator.com  and http://www.kiplinger.com/article/business/t012-c000-s002-the-outlook-for-pay-raises-in-2018.html …
Some kind of voodoo economics.
Spoiler alert: All Fiscal Policy-based macroeconomics is voodoo economics.
Not one @GOP cares about a living wage for people. #GOPTaxScam
Everyone I know is taking home about 75 bucks more per paycheck actually...
Can these numbers be believed or are they more lies from this administration? I don't believe anything they put out.
Msnbc trying to spin this as a negative for Trump...
Underemployment is at an all time high.
Can you provide your citation for this?  I’d like to use this in my arguments.
Thank you President Trump!
Federal judge accuses Mueller's team of 'lying,' trying to target Trump
Sigh....read the facts about the drop!!

https://www.bls.gov/news.release/pdf/empsit.pdf …
Things are better than under Obama therefore the Leftist Media must change the subject
These are two of the dumbest shits on TV.   They distort, lie and simply mislead on virtually every single story.   Stay away, they are bad for America. @VelshiRuhle

Why we aren't seeing wage gains is because Republicans and corporate Democrats in Congress are bought.
STOP BREEDING.
Thanks to President Trump. You are welcome
What your facts show is that getting to this unprecedented level of unemployment takes strategy. It’s lower now than when Clinton left office, and he kicked butt!
Yep, those numbers are worth throwing away a democracy!
Uhm, who compiled the figures?
Can’t just admit it’s good news, can you?
#ThanksObama
For a $20T deficit.
If you’re going to try to be snarky it helps to know the difference between the deficit and the debt.
Liberal Lion is right about the debt. And $20T isn’t what Pres Obama ran up. Half of that was the sum of ALL presidents before him.
Less than half and a republican congress shares some of the blame.
Did you mean republicans and democrats?  If so, I agree, but it seems to me that we always hang this on the Administration not the folks with the purse strings.
I said republicans because they had control of congress for the vast majority of Obama’s presidency.
