It's called dementia. Trump and him both have major cases of it. Plus their evil on top of it.
Give Rudy a minute to get his alternate facts straight he just started yesteday (14 days ago)
We have two-party system., which is important. You’re either in one or the other. By the way, Trump was a Democrat for most of his adult life.  I  assume you don’t hold that against him.
Joe has very little credibility
You’re being generous
Indeed
Rudy and Trump released the Stormy update just to test the media. Well it backfired so now they have to come up with some new stories about the payments. We are not fooled by liars.
Scarborough is a chump.
Despicable people talking about despicable people....great
PMSNBC IS A JOKE!!!
Joe and Mika need to apologize for their role in popularizing Trump when they ceaselessly castigated Hillary Clinton. It’s OK to change your minds but admit you were wrong and apologize.
If only Morning Joke would have sniffed Hillary's underwear more....
If only they had sniffed your panties more. They probably would have knocked aside the litter of swine and vermin.
You want to sniff my underwear?  And you wonder why everybody thinks Democrats are brain-dead wards of the state.
I didn’t say me and I didn’t say underwear. I said panties.

Dear msnbc, Joe was plugging co host Mica while both were married and both co-hosts on msnbc.' MSNBC paid travel and lodging. Accommodating huh .?
Rudy, another career that Donald managed to crush.
no chump just a good honest lawyer who knows DC more then the media does.Joe is a idiot that no one pays attention.He called the president hitler and other names.This at one time would if gotten him fired but liberals own the media
Scarborough? Isn't that the guy cheating on his wife and stalking coworker? Oh well another day at NBC news
Giuliani says 'Trump has more important things to do'/In that case, what can be more important than lying/That's Trump's most priceless brew/Of patented 'fake news' out of his very ears flying
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Joe Scarborough ? Just what does he know? Is he a mind reader? I know he's an ass!
Yup that’s a perfect description!! 
Joe is a very dumb man.
So it's true the soul of Ted Kennedy who killed his intern now inhabits the body of @JoeNBC
I totally agree he was highly respected after 9/11 now he’s a doormat unfuckingbelievable what trump does to people
Does Rudy represent injury cases?
Used to watch Jo and Ho.   They became completely unhinged after trump talked about Ho's face lift
I love how unhinged the libtards are, this is great.
Chapped ass Joe!
MSNBC goes from.....who are we kidding, MSNBC have always been scum suckers.
@MSNBC says the "Thug" @JoeNBC @Morning_Joe #WhoBelievesWhatHeSays

Joe has gone from journalist to a weird wanna be rock star liberal
trp’s chump. I like it
Great example of the political propaganda smearing people on a personal level. Not about facts or policy. This is how NAZI's attacked opponent to secure power.
Joe is correct
Morning Joe’s a Joke
And you are all Clinton's chump for a long time so what's your point, TWITS??????
That’s something, being a chump, that morning JoKe should know something about
Soon he will be the “coffee boy”
From beloved icon as "America's Mayor" to the guy that cleans the President's privy.

This is what I think about Scarborough. And it's the high side. MSNBC is much lower down the scale.
Didnt .@JoeNBC bludgeon his intern to death and then resign from congress? Asking for a friend...
Who doesn’t? If he was a planet, his moons would be called chump, sucker and mark.
Lmao. What does that make you and the rest of your liberal cohorts to the DNC?
Joe who ?
Is @JoeNBC basing his opinion on his own experiences as being a Chump?
@MSNBC Crooked Rudy
He wants to be AG.
I want him to be AG
He was never Americas Mayor well not in NYC he was hated by the majority towards the end of his tenure plus I will never forgive him for putting the command center in the Towers AFTER you were told not too Too many funerals because of that move Rudy is Trumps new nightmare #SAD
What’s wrong with supporting @realDonaldTrump?
Scarborough is a traitor to the United States of America, nothing more.
His "BASE"

REMEMBER KARESH AND MANSON FOLLOWERS ?

Cults end badly

#TheResistance
