Whatever. Only to completely ignorant MSNBC viewer would believe this.
Steve,I can't believe you work for America

Fact: The only one in that group who does Islam, is Obama. The rest do not. Also fact: none of them are actually Nazis.  Yet Trump declined to denounce actual Nazis during his campaign...hmmm
There was a much larger cloud over the Obama White House
Obama is done,  can we please remember that!   Also,  you're so wrong!
When Obama and Hillary stop acting like they are presidents and elected officials then we will stop bringing them up!
The cloud is criminality and Kremlinality.
Not sure how to break it to you Hakeem, but the cloud and the stench of illegitimacy has been hanging over it since Jan 20th 2017.
Yea, it moved in sometime between November 2016 and January 2017. I donno what happened? 
A lying president is a weak president. Some don't care he lies every day. It's that ignorance DJT feeds off of. So it that's their intent, well played.

Its more than a cloud. It’s the entire atmosphere surrounding the White House for miles. You can smell the illegitimacy from sea to shining sea.
The only Cloud is the MSM BS obscuring the truth

Actually there isn’t.   However Mueller and his band of harassers seem to be the problem.
tRUMP IS THE PROBLEM! GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF THE SWAMP!
Trump is the problem?  Fixing North Korea, fixing taxes, fixing the economy, fixing trade, are you paying attention? Cause there’s more.... but you keep hating, you poor fool.
tRump hasn't DONE ANY OF THAT! Your head is definitely in the swamp!
The administration is a stain on America's underwear.
Thank heaven Trump kicked Obama and his socialist ideology out, even if he left some of his dirty underwear behind it to will be expunged?
How did he kick Obama out?
Think about it: everything that had Obama's fingerprints on it or being expunged, his ideology is being disinfected, his signature legislation dismantled and his successor was defeated etc!
Yes he is hell bent on undoing his legacy but has it been in rhe best interest of the country? No sheer jealousy. Trump will absolutely go down as the worst president of all times. He will also be impeached, indicted and imprisoned. Mueller is coming.
Has any of your silly wet dreams ever came true because this one isn't! ROFLOLLOL
10 million people who were paying the Obama tax penalty for not having Obamacare are no longer having to pay! Tens of thousands of farmers who are being fined 4 fake damage to navigable waterways!
If u R basing  your whole political actions on Obama care penalty just think an inteligent potus would have take OCare to th greatest next level & eliminated it but keep those who needed the care w/ it. R U sure he got rid of all of it? ACA law of th land https://www.healthcare.gov/quick-guide/dates-and-deadlines/ …
And keep in mind Trump is a businessman extraordinaire...shouldn't healthcare be an easy fix?
If the presidency is illegitimate, all his decisions, executive orders and appointed nominees including Supreme Court should be reversed. His businesses sold off and the money given back to the treasury for the taxpayers money he squandered for his own pleasure.
Last I checked, I didn't give a damn what Rep. Hakeem Jeffries thought
Democrats threatened Donald Trump would not accept the results of the election and other dire predictions such as a stock market crash of course none of which have came true! In fact just the opposite, it is Democrats who will not accept the results of the election! Obstruct
There's a difference between not accepting the results of an election and not accepting a #Traitor and #Criminals running the country.
The Cloud in America began the day Trump was born. The Cloud in the Shi*house began the day Trump moved in courtesy of Russia.
Lol.... illegitimacy is Democrats middle name.
Bravo Sierra
And a cloud of sedition, treason, collusion  amd corruption hanging over the democratic party.  A shame to America and the people you claim to represent. You are playing dangerous games you cant walk back from.
Boy, the Trump bots stay on high alert to flood the MSNBC tweet replies. Cracks me up how much MSNBC triggers them. 
We were just wondering the same thing about you who rattle your cage snowflake?
Cute comeback. I still don't quite understand the relevance of that snowflake term. If it's because each snowflake is unique and unlike any other, then thank you for the compliment. I relish in my uniqueness. 
I guess it's because I have a hard time believing you could be that ignorant but on the off-chance you are I'm referring to the fact that you are so delicate or easily melted that you're concerned who is responding to this thread!
Fun fact
Not true
Very true
Lowest unemployment rate
Isis decimated 
Possibly end to the Korean War
Tax cuts for all 
And there a cloud of ........... 
get fucken real
When they haven't found a single shred of evidence in 15 months, it's time to accept defeat instead of continue to show everyone how well you throw tantrums @DNC
I'm calling bullshit
The current sentiment in the country is the cloud is over the democrats.
They need to adjust to the reality that they can't stand,.that
govt  does not control the voters. Voters control the govt
November is coming and dems are going @RepJeffries
The only cloud of illegitimacy is the cloud hanging over this farce of an investigation. Polls indicate the people are tired of hearing about it.
I think it is the DOJ that is doing the bullying here. Illegitimacy?

There's a cloud of illegitimacy hanging over every demoncrat right now. Do they even care about their country? Or care more about destroying it??
No bigger than the cloud of illegitimacy hanging over the FBI leadership and the special prosecutor Mueller. The collusion there was greater than any in history.
The DOJ should do its job and not play politics-
A cloud? Maybe more like a hurricane...
President Trump was elected by the majority of states and probably the popular vote ,if you minus all the illegal votes from failing California.
That black cloud has been hanging over the white since the trump swindle and crime family moved in.

There isn’t anything legal or legitimate about DJT’s occupation of the WH to begin with,the illegitimacy only grows by the day
Get over it already!
When is MSNBC going to call out Trumps lies about the hostage situation in Korea? When will you acknowledge that 2 of the 3!were detained & arrested during the Trump Administration? This man must be held accountable for his lies, that’s part of your responsibility. Do it!
There’s no cloud only the smokescreen Liberals use to obscure the Truth
Hakeem Jeffries for Speaker of the House. When Democrats take it back, it’s time for new blood, new ideology, new fight! He’s got my vote.
That cloud is democrat stank.
Corrupt politicians and government employees have been attempting to bully Trump even before he was elected.  Get a clue hakeem!
So how does a duly elected president become illegitimate? Sophomoric junk rhetoric!
There's a cloud of poo hanging over the democrats heads all the time
The cloud is called the Press
No there is Not.  Trump won. He beat crooked Hillary fair and square.
Cloud of illegitimacy - Correct! But President Trump has removed most of it since he has been there!
Actually there's not
Nothing compared to 8 wasted years of Obama
Pffft
Hey Hakeem, your village called, they want there idiot back.
Trump our President
Illegitimacy? Record numbers for the economy and success after success with his foreign policy. Now if we could just get rid of hateful Americans on the left, this country would be Utopia
Narrator voice: “There’s really not”
How does it compare to the cloud of ineptness that hovers around hack reporters ? Like the ones at your station.
BREAKING: John Kerry has secretly met multiple times with a top-ranking Iranian official to save the Iran deal and "apply pressure on the Trump admin from the outside."

Working with the enemies against the USA. Classic Obama Admin Move.
12 DOJ/FBI officials have been removed,retired early, demoted, transferred, indicted and fired 
For their part in the Clinton Email or FISA scandals
Danger for the PROLLUS, bring him to:
This guy is BS.... he is claiming the Infrastructure Plan is a Democrat Agenda .....   
He must have just thought of it when he hit that pot-hole driving to the studio!! 
Cloud, no! Illegitimacy has infected the whole edifice.
DOJ is dirty. Sit down
Ignorance in full view.
Denial in full view
Not denial.. once it's apparent I'm dealing with a stupid ppl.. I'm done! Not worthy of my time.
Time will tell
Who  R u? lmao. Is this the best MSNBC can do on a weekend?  Worthless interview
That's a two year old cloud, Pal.
DOJ not getting bullied. The are finally being held accountable for their actions.
Absolutely! #hakeemjeffries
Hakeem?
A cloud? That's all he's got?????
Doj has an obligation to produce documents or  be held in contempt then fired. Period
You guys are gonna look pretty silly (if you're still solvent) when you're still writing these articles during Trump's second term. #FakeNews
He is right the DOJ shouldn't be bullied but they should be held accountable.
As long as you want it and get it for free, you will want or work for nothing else...fact.
The law needs to run its course, what are you worried about?? @RepJeffries
Federal judge called Mueller team liars, that is where the cloud is.
It should be chump. The office of the president is a superior office than the DOJ under the Executive Branch. Time to #shutitdown!
Who is to say any person is 'illegitimate?'

This is racist!!!
Stop using the word bullied! It makes the person saying it seem weak and the bully seem strong!!
It’s been there for a while. No one that should be doing something (Congress) has done a thing but ignore. It’s sickening
That’s a Deep State, Liberal Progressive smoke screen that he sees. The cloud is hanging over the former Obama Admin and every single last person that tried a political coup against a The President of the United States of America. The Great Reckoning is closer than you think.
It must’ve been left behind after the last press briefing.
Ass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and that cloud smells like swamp stick (per @FoxNews )
You think?
Could it be because we have a lying treasonous bastard in the Oval Office?
Says a guy named Hakeem
YAH THINK???
....na na na na [hands over ears] na na na.....
stormy daniels case is red herring.nobody cares about trump's sordid sex life
YAWN....
Ya think
Lol DOJ should stand up to the swamp!
It's harassment and attempted obstruction of justice.
....and most of us are sick and tired of this Circus.
For you Trumptards!
Fake charges , most if not all will be dismissed . Mueller has no evidence of collusion,which isn’t a crime.If it is, arrest Hillary and Podesta.
Ya’think
He's not wrong.
NULLIFY THE LIAR IN CHIEF!!!!
Trumps management of staff and overall demeanor is dragging the USA down.
The majority of Americans know of this dark cloud but feel powerless to remedy it. So much GOP corruption. The Koch sand Mercers use their billions to manipulate the masses. Even our American Natural History Museum was infiltrated. An exhibit funded by a Koch and another by
Rebecca Mercer had misleading information displayed. Also one funded by Exxon with misleading information. The far right has the money to quietly manipulate what we learn.
Funny "Cloud Of" cuz' @StormyDaniels said the same thing about her panties after @realDonaldTrump fucked her...
The Trump folk are busy behind the scenes finding loyalist in dr's, politicians all branches of gov., known &to be revealed, willing to help sabotage, bottleneck, speak their agenda, stop this investigation. DOJ is not off the list. Political favors only when they benefit DT.
Deep State crooks are being exposed by Trump.Crooks are trying to fight back by convincing morons like you that collusion swayed the election.
"Right now?!" There has been a cloud of illegitimacy since before this picture was taken.
And a majority Congress #Collusion in #ObstructionOfJustice
Doj should not be bullied.  Several there should be indicted
Democrats wasting time on bull crap talking points and offering nothing.
If I were you I would start hedging my bets on P45.
Haha. They r the bullies

And it will remain there, for all time.
@MSNBC Agreed
It’s spread from the Dems. Trying to get it off
No ‘S’, Sherlock.
@MSNBC True
44%
#JacksonvilleCloud
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 

