CARS ARE NOT MEANT TO DRIVE INTO CROWDS. 
AR-15 RIFLES ARE SPECIFICALLY MADE TO KILL.
Sure, we can get creative and use anything to kill people like cars, knives, baseball bats, bombs, poison, a fucking tree stump... whatever. But none of those things are built and designed specifically to kill as many humans as possible in a short time.
When was the last time you saw someone kill a shitload of people with a baseball bat in under 3 minutes?
You tell it sister!!!!  Agree 100%!!
Wait a minute... Isn't it harder to get a driver's license than a gun permit? And don't vehicles have a primary use that ISNT killing people?
Maybe I missed that part of his speech.
You missed the part where Trump stated," I don't know, maybe you know. But I sure don't want, maybe you do, but we should, always should, if at all possible, do things that don't necessarily mean what I know to be fact. I know I'm right about that."
He sounds like a meth addict being interrogated by the cops about a stabbing.
I think he's on glue.
And trump just loves changing the narrative.  People want gun REFORM - not gun prohibition.

Sad.
Exactly.  I’m so tired of hearing the the Libs don’t want guns. That’s been further from the truth. I just want reform.  Right now we have a better chance of being killed by an 18 yr old white supremist.
If you want to outlaw AR15's that's enough. You're not getting them.
A church raffle in Texas. Oh boy, do I pick the AR15 or the window air conditioner. These kids are all under 18.
Selling tickets...not for owning...smh..stay dumb.
I'm sure they purchased tickets. What's wrong with this scenario? Nothing.
I agree...point?
If we can go ahead and regulate/license guns to the extent we regulate/license vans and trucks, I'm fine with this analogy.
Where do you see driving as a.right?
Because something is a right there should be no regulation? Is that what you're saying Keith?
Answer the question first.
Ain’t he special?
Nope Prez Bone Spurs, we don’t want to ban guns, just the ones that only the military & police should have.
No military has a AR 15....smh
Food kills people every day.

Let’s go ahead and ban that too.
And water...like lakes oceans, ponds and puddles.
Ah yes, the deceptive dangers of Dihydrogen Monoxide!
May as well ban hydrogen dioxide, too. I’m sure trump would agree (since he probably doesn’t know that translates to water)
Hope @davidhogg111 @Emma4Change and all the parkland kids and survivors around the country are watching him dial it back, like we all knew he would. This is why we have to #VoteThemOut #BlueWave2018
The only blue wave there is going to be is when the blue waves goodbye.
Goodbye Marco  
Are people really saying ban guns? Or ban Assault Rifles?
It’s the latter. But when did he ever care about facts?
Good thing civilians can't own assault weapons anyway right?
Citizens can own assault weapons depending on the State. It is automatic assault weapons that are federally banned.
Assault weapons = select fire/fully automatic. Anything else can't be classified as "assault rifle". Source: Gunsmith/Salesman of 20 years.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assault_weapon …
Not is not the case or true by legal definition.
Court rulings have even stated from US's prior ban (no current ban) on assault weapons, have stated that a ban on them, is not an infringement on the 2A. That is when the whole pro-gun argument that AR-15 style guns began that they weren't "technically" assault weapons. Not true
Would the term “mass casualty weapon” make things clearer? Pistols, rifles, etc. cannot kill as many people.
Hmmmmm.  Trump says cars and trucks should be outlawed.  I’m sure that will hover well with the auto industry.
About as well as the gun industry.
When's the last time a plumber packed his tools inside an assault rifle and drove it to a job site?
That happens all the time. Trump said,"you have no idea the difference between Chrysler products & Chevrolet even BMW's. Front or side loading vehicles like this can be owned by people.Everybody in the world knows this." 
-Who could argue with that?
But... no one wants to ban guns tho
Lol...sure..
Some guns, not ALL guns. And we want it to be harder to get guns. Using Trump's false analogy, why don't we make it as difficult to get a gun as it is to get and keep a driver's license. Require hours and hours of training, written & practical tests, mandatory insurance, etc.
Do you want to take a test before you enjoy one of your rights? Think about the ignorance you tweeted.
You go look up the word "regulated" in the dictionary, and get back to me. And no right has no exceptions. For example, all the exceptions to free speech that are there to protect the safety of other people, like saying things that cause mass panic in crowded areas, etc.
A Dr Samuel Johnson dictionary? The term at the time is nothing as it is used today. But you tried. Answer my prior question..
I notice you ignored the rest of my point.
Because it's a fallacy..
Is this a joke? he’s basically like..parkland students and parents never mind anything that I said when we talked.
But we knew that would happen!
Who wants to outlaw guns? Democrats don’t.  Nobody ever said such.  They want military style killing machines off the damn streets. They don’t want your revolver
Remember that time that somebody killed a bunch of people by flying a car into a high-rise building and driving a car out of a hotel window in Las Vegas? No? 

Me neither. 

#TrumpIsAnIdiot
IDIOT!!!
If @realDonaldTrump said it, surely it's a lie. We should regulate guns like we do vehicles, registered, insured, and operators are licensed and routinely tested for their proficiency in the use of said vehicle.
Very confused. So, if you have a car, SUV, van or truck why do you need a gun. In this case why even have NRA to take money away from me if vehicles is equivalent to guns. :)



Omg how does this even make sense 
I, Donald J. Trump, have literally zero idea where I am right now. Or what I’m saying. #trump #trumpregrets
I’m fine if we treat them equally.  Six weeks of Guns Ed, written and performance tests to receive a license.  Laws and regulations in place for the safety of all with penalties and possible revoking of your gun license.
License needs to be renewed on a regular basis, and certain health requirements must be met.
Not really... a dementia patient could still have a drivers license and still have it renewed and the DMV has no idea of their health status
I don't think they ask about dementia, but they do ask about and deny licenses to people with seizures. (This may vary by state, I can only speak for MI)
For a gun license you would want to base it on safety to operate a gun vs safety to operate a motor vehicle.
Yes they do, do that.  My daughters friend had 1 seizure & had to wait 12 months, seizure free to get her license.  But if you can’t see, all you need is a dr’s note 
Such bullshit
Don't forget the knifes and airliners too. The LEFT say their eyes are wide  open but yet they are so blind.
And require every #gunowner to carry insurance that pays hospital and/or funeral and survivor benefits if their gun hurts someone.
And we need to ban stupid people who make false equivalences from serving in public office.
Yes, yes... & then the knives, & then the pointy-sticks, & then all the pebbles in the world, Etc.

OR

We could require all gun owners to apply for an maintain a license. You know, like we do with vans & trucks?!

Dur?
This is beyond disgusting!
Nobody wants to outlaw guns. Quit perpetuating the idea that people who want safer gun laws want to outlaw all guns. #GunControl #stupid #trumpWorld
Can you please stop airing this speech?
A nonsensical argument. Perhaps they should outlaw presidents who say they're going to devote all their time to fixing the country but then take golfing breaks every weekend at taxpayers expense. I would say that's an employment breach of contract & obtaining money fraudulently.
There are so many things wrong with this man, I am fully convinced that if there is a god, he/she/it is punishing us for ALL our sins! I can’t see any harsher punishment than trumpism! “ITrump”
2/2..everything is hap hazard & reactionary, not truly constructive at all. He 'rules' over a divided nation, equally confused & his foreign policy ridiculed by his closest allies. He truly is a train wreck who seems to think he can railroad his way through laws. And tagging ....
Vehicles are, in fact, outlawed for those who do not operate them responsibly. I believe this is what we are asking for firearms.

I don’t believe the goal is to outlaw guns. However, no one NEEDS to own a mass casualty weapon. Trump- Learn before you speak!
And this is the President using a sophomoric argument
Idiot.
Vans aren’t resulting in mass carnage.  Semi AR are
@realDonaldTrump And oranges are like pineapples, so if you throw carrots at apple trees, snakes won't lay eggs for a year.   If that doesn't make sense to you, then you know how we feel when you are on full spew mode.  @StephMillerShow @chrislhayes @Lawrence @frangeladuo @joenbc
Trump pushing armed and loaded schools. Wonder if his son and grandchildren will be at a school where it’s armed and loaded?
The argument of the idiot who doesn't understand
What a jerk.
He needs the NRA more than any other group to stay in power.
How about we outlaw the Republican Party...jus saying
I guess that's tRump's attempt at reasoning. But actually it just exposes more of his stupidity.
The retarded logic of Trump, his minions, the NRA fools, and all of their blind supporters never ceases to amaze me.

what we need is an end to this trump circus train and a REAL president. Not a clown who wants to put on a show. Remember when he said of "ideas" , he just "throws them out there to see what sticks" if it catches on he runs with it--whether it is the truth or not.
How about we outlaw trump?
As Chief of Staff Kelly said... IDIOT!
YEAH
HE'S NOT SMARTER THAN A 5TH GRADER
Can we outlaw trump since he murdered Puerto Rican’s by not responding appropriately to the hurricanes?
Shame on you @realDonaldTrump   You invited Parkland survivors to the WH and pretended that you cared. 
#LiarInChief
Just when I don't think he can get more stupid he surprises me
Imbicile
Idiot
Yeah, no one has ever suggested that false argument before...
Did he have a speechwriter for this event or is he just reading every bumper sticker for sale at http://NRA.com ?
There you have it!  The logic of a doorknob!
1st - why is he there? 2nd - how can anyone see this as normal behavior for the President of our country? This is flat out nuts!
Wished NBC would not carry this pathological  liar @realDonaldTrump  he bashes I boycott it enough of him
The media needs to call him out stop covering him
He's talking about arming and training teachers to actively engage a shooter potentially armed with a military style rifle. Problem. Teachers aren't payed enough to teach your kids,protesting across the country, and Trump says"Go face deadly force for $350.00 a week."
Paid.
False equivalency!  You’re out of your element, Donny!
Such a stupid analogy. Plus, people aren’t wanting to ban guns, they want sensible regulations.
Only nobody wants to "outlaw" guns. I would like it to be harder for people to obtain guns to murder people. That's just a human thing. Not a right or left thing.
Who elected this man? Geeze.
Let's just ban Trump
Who called for all guns to be outlawed...ever? This man is a liar and people should just chant liar at him wherever he goes. @realDonaldTrump
Trump “logic“ is nothing but a combination of lies, hyperbole, and idiotic whataboutism.
#DelusionalBS . #TwistAndShout . #LiarInChief
Somebody get him puppet, he love using his hands.
He apparently is unaware how regulated driver's licenses are. Suspended, revoked, or sometimes never allowed.
Repeating verbatim the words of a known liar without any context isn’t really news. 

For example, maybe list all members of Congress who’ve proposed outlawing guns. Hint: it’s zero.
He’s a repugnant pathetic excuse for a living organism.
That is the stupidest talking point I've ever heard!
Bought and owned by the NRA.
Who is talking about outlawing guns?
Truly the dumbest president ever. Just disinterested in heady details that have grave ramifications.
@MSNBC idiot
FML. He’s an actual buffoon.
This is the most ridiculous slippery slope arguments of all time.
Speaking at a convention where guns were not allowed
You mean like that "fine person" Nazi who ran over that protester?
When I am President, I will make logic courses mandatory for all Presidents. And spelling tests. Neurological and psychological testing, too.
Sat there and acted like he cared when he spoke with Fl. High School students after shooting. Such a giant liar!
He completely lacks intelligence.  It’s like having a scarecrow in office
Except  dumass trump,  trucks  are not made to kill. Guns are.
Need another kids march on washington...the "Washington lies to all of us "march..kids better be mad and vote all these pond scum out
@realDonaldTrump how about we regulate guns like we do cars and trucks? You have to be trained, have a license after passing a test. Different categories of licenses. Insurance required. Sent to jail for using under influence. And age limits to start. #GunControl #GunControlNow
He is evil incarnate
Then let's regulate guns like you regulate vehicles...licensing, insurance, require a test to own and operate, etc
As usual Trump twisting the facts lying about the issue! Getting assault weapons off the street whose only purpose is to kill a large numbers or implementing sensible gun control laws is NOT Taking your guns away! Just like Law need a drivers license is not taking away your cars!
Sad


You know, not many people actually want to outlaw guns... just common sense laws to make it more difficult for those intent on murder to acquire weapons of war.

When someone can drive a van from the 32nd floor of a hotel and kill/ injure nearly 600 people 1200 ft away, we can talk about outlawing cars.
Dumbest human alive.
fuck this man and his rhetoric.
Trumps analogy is far reached. Vehicles are licensed to everyone. They have safety features etc: 2ndly where & why is this continous banning of all guns come from! Such BS. We're asking for common sense gun laws. Lyin Trump
@realDonaldTrump...The maniac terrorists...you mean your supporters and funding machine? #FuckTheNRA #DumbDonny #TrumpsterMorons
This NRA convention sounds like kkk  and the main leader Trump his sucking NRA 

Donald Trump has herpes, pass it on 

This tweet, not the herpes
Our Dumbass-In-Chief folks!
Let's level the playing field. Dump your security. Let's see how you feel being as vulnerable as we are.
"What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you  even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought.  Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it."
The only people who have specifically said that most people want guns outlawed is the NRA. Because they are trying to scare people. And, I imagine, NRA publicists came up with this asinine comparison. Way to keep pushing the NRA’s dangerous & ridiculous agenda @realDonaldTrump.
All these people are dumb enough to eat his words up.
HE IS FUC%ING CRAZY SOMEBODY NEEDS TO THROW A NET OVER THIS LOONY IDIOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How stupid is this guy? How many people can a van or car take out before being stopped,compared to some maniac with an assault weapon? He's an embarrassment to watch...Glad I don't.
Moron is too kind.... He wants everyone in golf carts
So... you don't actually understand what's going on? Again? Imagine my surprise.
Camon...ur assjack speechwriter couldn't come up with a better argument? The vans line
You think he has a speech writer ..
That weird bald guy, the 40 year old Virgin dude
Still hard to believe he is POTUS 
Is he for real?
@realDonaldTrump , go ahead, keep it up, flaunt your stupidity for all the world to see. Way to be a worldwide laughingstock
What in gods name is wrong with MSNBC & CNN..stop showing Trump at his Rally's we're sick of it and you keep doing it
Quick, Donald, list the number of bills introduced in Congress or in committee that would outlaw all guns in the last 50 years. I can count that number on zero fingers.
Your headline is too neutral.  "Trump absurdly compares guns and trucks at NRA convention.
Full blown idiocy. What kind of nation has the Village Idiot as it’s fake leader ?
Those creepy, authoritarian hand gestures...
Nobody is taking my minivan!!
No one wants to ban guns you idiot. Just who gets them to help prevent a massacre and guns made to kill people. Trump is scaring gun owners and they r falling for it.
I thought high leadership offered realism and sensibility? Obviously not.
Guns still the form of death for maniac white mass murderer US terrorists though.
Reality is a strong suit of our President #MAGA
Could we outlaw his lies?
Glad you made that comparison, let’s get a permit after a written test, pass a handling test for a license, pay a yearly registration, and require insurance in case of any accidents like mass shooting!
We have to insure and register cars and vans. We have to pass a test and acquire a license to legally drive a vehicle. Apply the same standards/rules to gun ownership: insure, register, license!
Why are you talking to the NRA about Vans and Trucks.. the topic is gun violence against our youth not motor vehicle violence.. keep it on topic Oh Fearless Leader ..
trump has proven himself to be one of dumbest people from Manhattan.  Are we sure he's a billionaire?   Doesn't sound right.
I would like to see one particular "maniac terrorist " get trucked #TRUMP
Or we could regulate guns in a similar manner that we do cars and drivers. Literally this man is not worth the hot air he blows out of his mouth @realDonaldTrump
Why cover this nonsense, @NBCNews, @NBCNewsHealth @nbcwashington? You should cover the @NC4HR Health Policy Heroes, @KaiStoneKoerber and Susan Rioux. Great job today Kai and Susan! You inspired the entire crowd. #MDSTRONG #NeverAgain
No one has ever suggested that we outlaw all guns.  We have suggested that mentally ill people, known criminals, and children not be allowed to purchase them.  We don't let just anyone drive.  Why is ok for just anyone to own a gun?  Quit lying everyday, all day long, Trump.
We don't want to outlaw guns. Would someone please actually listen to those who want gun control for fucks sake.
SERIOUSLY?  WHAT AN IDIOTIC ANALOGY!
God love him, he is so simple.
Just register and insure them as we do vehicles, moron.
What a complete ass @realDonaldTrump is like Jr High boy trying to win an argument with his Mom/ain’t guna happen
Please remind me how many kids have been killed at school with a van or truck again? 
#Parkland 
#stonemandouglas
#everytownforgunsafety
#NoNRAMoney 
#NoNRA 
#noar15
Dummies. All of them. #FuckTheNRA

EXECUTIVE: this ones not about murder is it
STEPHEN KING: its about children
E: ok
SK: in corn…
then a license should be necessary to own guns, along with mandatory training, annual registration and insurance.
More Trump BS
Yet NO GUNS when he’s speaking at the NRA rally (I mean convention).
Cunt.
Is he going to outlaw all payments to porn stars?
What a Moron !!!! Didn't he also recently say people should think before they speak? Dude should take his own advice
No one is talking about outlawing guns. We want sane gun laws.
Such a critical thinker.  
He’s really appealing to that “Facebook friend that you went to high school with 15 years ago and never talk to” voter base.
I'll just leave this here...
You are the worst, you told the parents and students of Parkland you would do something about gun laws. You lied to them, like you lie about everything!!! #resist #vote
He REALLY has gotten to the point (probably MANY years ago actually) that he believes his own BS.  It doesn't matter what he REALLY believes, as long as he can get gullible people to believe the B.S. he spews.
What a ridiculous comment to make!
What a Jackwagon...
OH MY GOD. Our President regurgitating the uneducated moron argument. This is pathetic.
Probably be helpful if we treated the purchased of a gun like getting a license to drive a van or truck. Written test. Practical test. Liability insurance etc.
To operate vans and trucks requires training, licensing, and registration.
Recycled straw man arguments, false equivalency, skewed facts or outright lies from 25 years ago.  This, from a guy who think we should just cure all mental illness nationwide.  What a great idea.  Surprised we haven't just done that.
He is addressing his base, the very stupid apex 30% of Americans. Sad

IQ45 the Sexual predator is so FAKE and a lier
You dumb shit. You take a test to drive, you get a license that gets renewed every four years or so, you have to register and title your vehicles and follow guidelines to sell or transfer your vehicle to another person. Apples and oranges. WE’RE NOT STUPID #TrumpLiesMatter
About outlawing guns: booze kills way more people than gun yet no one calls for outlawing booze.  If you're truly concerned about deaths caused by something, outlaw booze then.
#news #usa #liberals #trump #shooting #guncontrol
Can't understand why you give traitors/terrorists air time.
#Trumprussia #NRARussia 
#Enough #neveragain #MarchForOurLives
horse shit. except it doesn't smell good.
What about opioids?
“But cars and vans...” is from the same right wing playbook as “All Lives Matter,” depending on which mass murder they are covering up.
He truly speaks to the lowest common denominator at all times
Wow.
