We the people should be able to consider this entire Administration Null and Void ... for incompetence alone.
I'm wondering why, if Tester was telling "lies" about Ronny + Traitor Trump was still bellowing about it today - why isn't he keeping him on as his doctor? He keeps saying Ronny is a fine person + didn't do anything wrong - then keep him. Why let him go?  trump is lying about it.
#HealthCareCollusion he lied to get into OUR White House and infect our democracy! Trump is our 2018 911...
*The Donald Touch* takes one more down. Only Pruitt seems to stay on the bull.
There goes Pence's gay conversion therapy sessions! He'd better get another referral, pronto!
Sigh. Not allowed to have an opinion if it doesn’t tow the party line, apparently. Stupid reason to lose a job.
@VP doc be like...
That Patriot is not disgraced you Pagan Jackals!!! but he is the second member of our beloved military including Gen. Flynn that you vile creatures have tried to ruin. Those symbols of selfless sacrifice and duty to this country will indeed come back and haunt you mark my words.

Rachel’s going to need a bigger board
I’m surprised his wife let him have a female doctor. 
This WH is dropping like flies
You do know that FBI Agent  Page resigned and Struck is next. Talk about dropping like flies a lot more will be dropping as they lay on the rotting corpses that are the Deep State and the DNC. There is a large hammer about to drop on this entire ruse “Let Freedom Reign”.

Everyone in this administration seems to resign, except the two we want to resign!
By resigned you mean was fired.
“Resigned”
omg  the evil empire strikes again  :(
Kick out all the doctors, bring in the priests, our imaginary omnipotent friend will take care of us. Jefferson weeps.
@maddow is gonna need a bigger wall.
"Resigned." Mmkay.
Did he smear him thinking he would get the job?
the doctor should if been court martial for what he did to Jackson.He took lies to Tester that took it to the media.Secret service went thru all allegations and proved they where http://lies.Media  tried to ruin a good mans http://name.Media  disgraced themselfs
@MSNBC She Did The Right Thing
I think the word is "ousted"!!
Resigned ir was it another pushed out by the trump administration?
Trump has the best swamps.
https://canadiancrc.com/FEMALE_TEACHER_SEX_OFFENDERS-SEXUAL_ASSAULT_Female_Sexual_Predators-RAPE_MALES.aspx …
I wonder if this is a #MeToo situation.
Is this really the "best" trump can hire? The best he can do? If so, we all need to pass on an additional four years.
Why doesn't pence resign
Another one bites the dust!
@PressSec can’t wait till you talk about this one.

@Acosta has anyone asked about this?
