.@KellyO : Giuliani is attempting to walk back previous comments on the timing of Michael Cohen's payment to Stormy Daniels and the potential impact on the election. 

"He's trying to clean that up saying this was just about protecting the family."
FULL STORY: Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani corrects previous remarks about the timing of Michael Cohen's payment to Stormy Daniels on Fox News.
They had YEARS to pay her off, if it had nothing to do with the campaign. #Idiots
Uh, no. Rudy can't put that 10-pound shit-genie back in a 5-pound bottle.
Stop normalizing these people! Sorry Rudy,you don’t get any do-overs! It’s not the first time he’s put his foot in his mouth. I would love to hear how he gained knowledge of that “October Surprise”
I’m getting confused, so Trump’s media strategy must be working on me! Does Giuliani lying about a Trump lie, result in the truth? #TrumpLies
They do not know how to speak the truth!  If you have to change your story... that's exactly what it is... a story!
Stop buying this nonsense.
For folks who first came to know of  Giuliani immediately after 9/11 and are wondering what’s happened to him: that was an aberration. NY’ers know that the guy you’re seeing now is who he’s always been. Wannabe autocrat, wife-cheater, liar. He and Trump = cast from the same mold.
Hard to keep up with a “story” that keeps changing daily , so which is it ? You knew? You didn’t know? WTF?
Rudy lies to match Trump lies. No one is buying it.
These clowns couldn’t put together a 2 band parade!
' 
In his "clarification," Rudy just slandered Stormy.  

Avenatti can now add Rudy as a Defendant, or file a separate suit.  

These guys are unbelievably incompetent.

#Rudy #RudyGuliani #TrumpLies #StormyWatch  #NYT
JUST IN: Rudy Giuliani issues statement "intended to clarify the views I expressed over the past few days." https://abcn.ws/2rmtbAW  
I have white shoe some legal advice for @realDonaldTrump lawyers and their lying, stealing, cheating, treasonous, reckless, bigoted, ignorant, funny looking, clueless, and total piece of shit client....
Oh....ok.....now I understand......Do they think we are that stupid?  They are insulting the American people and wasting our time. I am so so DONE! Bring on Mueller. Trump is and always has been a corrupt, con man, playing by his own rules. The party is over!
No, Rudy is now aligning his lies with Trump's lies in this cover up. Call it what it is. Lying.
Lies.
These two clowns can’t handle interviews on @FoxNews. 
#TrumpCrimeFamily
How come they aren't holding hands?
His own cousin or Trumps cousin?
Tooooooo late, barn door’s open and the horse is gone.
Translation: I speak without knowing because that’s who I am
Giuliani “corrects” his previous statements...? Oh, hell no! What he so eloquently blubbered out over the last couple of days is much more likely to be the truth.
You cannot put the gene back in the bottle, so you might as well wish you could disappear, rudy!
Say it like it is Ghouliani changes his story to fit current lie. Until it changes again when Trump blurts out something else.
The president has a detailed letter from Stormy that says no affair ever happened.We have heard from the president on this.Rudy has not corrected any thing.The money was to stop the false and extortionist accusations made by Stormy and her lawyer
Giuliani and tRump need to sit down and write down every lie on their hand so they can remember the lies they tell and at least get their lies straight. A lie is a lie. It's bad to lie.
Alternative facts are never straight.... they're as crooked as Trump is.
What a joke! Qualifications for being Trumps Lawyer - being the most incompetent in his class
IDIOT
Is there anything - ANYTHING - this admin & it's minions say that never needs a "correction" afterward?? None of them know what the hell they're talking about!!
Fakespeak from truth manipulators.
Who's zoomin' who.
"It's a family matter". You tell your wife the truth. Or better yet, you don't cheat on her in the first place.
He seems to spend a LOT of money paying off his mistresses.
But let's hear about his Prayer Breakfast again.
@MSNBC Crooked Rudy
Tweedledum and Tweedledumbass.

Here, I fixed it for you: Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani tells New lies about previous remarks about the Timing of....
Tweedle-Dee and Tweedle-Dumber
Giuliani is a Liar for Trump.
Good grief.......... DROP IT already.  Quit calling it an "affair" he had a one night stand with a wh0re.   You all are as bad as she is............
He rearranged his lies
"CORRECTS"??!!!

STOP ENABLING THE LIES!!

Same goes for you, @cnn @nytimes @CBSNews @thehill  @dcexaminer @FoxNews
Giuliani says Michael Cohen was just protecting the family.  Just like the omertá "code of silence" discussed recently at dinner.

Translation - I watched the entire interview. I heard what Rudy said. It's to late to try & insult our intelligence & he is stupid. 
Omg...get a life
We don't know whether it is a 'correction' only that it is a change in the story!
. . . guess "correction" is a new synonym for "lie".
these people can't even get their lies straight.
Let’s just change the story one hundred times to cover up the truth. That’s what Mr Gee Buckets is trying to say.
Keep it forward ->
Lies to cover more lies. Classic
Seems to me, if you're an attorney you wouldn't comment at all without having your facts straight (in this case, lies)

#RudyGiuliani #RudysBigMouth #RudyRudyRudy #FoxNewsAtNight #Foxnews #interview #Trump #NobelPeacePrize #Nobel #HushMoney #MichaelCohen #StormyDaniels #MichaelAvenatti #giftbasket …
Man i love seeing them get scared i can't wait when this investigation is over and trump is locked up!
Porn Star blackmailed and still blackmailing Trump.  That is a crime.  Charge her and her lawyer.
Bot with 75 Followers guilty of internet crime.  Off to prison bottie boo.
Let's just call it what it is,  " He F%^&ed the hell up"...now they need to cover.
Trump hires a turd lawyer who talks too much.  That’s really saying something when it comes to lawyers.
Cat's out of the bag!
Bye bye Jeff Sessions.  I have a feeling Giuliana is coming for your job very soon...
#LockHimUp
Lot of people correcting stuff this week
There's no room in this town for 2 showboats.  I can't wait to see who's the last "man" standing.  Pass the Milk Duds!
Let this longtime Trump watcher posit a theory: What's happening now mostly a head-fake; Rudy is negotiating a CLEAN EXIT for Trump that will leave him with his few millions and his personal freedom (for awhile, at least, until a long-distant fatal intrigue puts him behind bars).
