How many attorneys work for free? Cohen received a monthly retainer and Cohen controlled how the funds were used.
If s person lies he will break all the Ten Commandments , isn't that right Don !!!
Honestly matters. It matters when parents teach their children about the difference between truth and lies.  Trump was never taught that valuable lesson.
not one story has been changed since we know what he has been saying since the beginning.His supporters are staying with him and are willing to fight the fake media and democrats.

It's another pants on fire situation. They must all be forced to wear http://Nomek.in  this http://administration.so  they don't spontaneously combust!!!
Painful to watch Kelly praising Trump
Oops I’d, another upchuck Todd blunder.
WE ALL KNOW HE LIES EVEN WHEN THERE IS VIDEOS OF HIM.
@POTUS I am saddened and sickened by your repeated lies! We can argue, sometimes passionately, about ideology. But I cannot accept a President who makes a mockery of the office and thinks we are fools! #WeAreNotStupid
He’s senile..he cant remember what he said yesterday ..he just makes shit up as he goes along.
This is not reporting.  Taking excerpts from various conversations to meet an agenda.  Meet the Press is a sham show.  Chuck Todd had to put on MTP show everyday to keep himself in the news.  Why aren’t they asking questions of Mueller? The out of bounds.  Oh, he’s a Democrat!
Chuck Todd is a joke
Rudy G. and Trump did this to test the media but it did not work so now they will come up with new lies. LOL
mtp=liars
We noticed!
Thank you for backing it up with video clips and now people CANNOT say fake news! Well done 
Chuck, this is awful. He is an awful president! You people in the press are responsible for getting this idiot elected. I watched you before the elections and the polls and thought HRC would win easily. I would have knocked on doors if the polls were different
Great reporting! It's a shame we have a Liar in Chief for a President.
Trump wouldn’t recognize the truth if it smacked him in the face... why is this liar still in office???
Key word:  STORIES. 
Not facts. STORIES...
We have a Buffoon as a President. Most of the time Trump has no real idea of what he is talking about. When you constantly lie it is hard to keep your stories straight.  CNN, NBC, and other news outlets please hold Trump accountable for all his lies and misleading statements.
Par for the course.

Bill Clinton paid Paula Jones 850k and Trump paid a porn star 130k. Now tell me Trump isn’t a smart businessman.
All  over this and ignore the fact there is now proof the FBI didn't think Flynn lied? It took getting an unredacted version to show they went ahead anyway with charging him?
You should probably stick with that line of reporting.  He lies about everything.
Falsehoods????? You mean LIES right?? No one uses that word except news reporters and politicians everyone one else calls them LIES.
We don't have any Edward R. Murrow's left.  We now have "scardy cats".  Their all afraid to call it what it is.
Trump - Mueller Served Obama for "8 years". Survey Says - False (4 years under Obama, 7 years for Bush)
Trump - "13 Hardened Democrats" on Mueller's team. Survey Says - Misleading (13 are democrats, 4 are unaffiliated & Mueller is a Republican)
The President Lies. All. The. Time.
Stop normalizing the orange abyss by saying all politicians lie, Chuck. Thanks, The American People @chucktodd
Time for Tim’s son Luke Russet
TRump is a habitual liar who will lose Congress this fall and not serve a second term.
What a bunch of liars and anyone that can't see that is blind.
Chuck Todd is a putz
Chuck Todd is a bias hack from the word go. He hates DT & most Republicans.
Who cares?
He lies as he breathes, but everyone knows that and they continue to report on every thing he says as truth - it is incredible how much MSM needs to keep this going for everything that matters - ratings!  The USA will go down the toilet but cable TV will have it's ratings
More BS from POTUS!
Your stories change everyday @POTUS
Sleepy Eye Chucky talking about MBC fake news. Fake News, Fake News, Fake News Chucky. Plus NBC and their cast of fake news reporters are keeping you guys apologizing for your lying blunders. No credibility. Fox rocks @seanhannity @FoxNews @NBCNews
You’re a liberal Chuck- why lie ?
How many stories does #PutinPussyGrabber have?
#phuckdonaldtrump
@realDonaldTrump YOU DID *change* stories. It’s called LYING!
He may well claim he's not changing any story until such time that he claims otherwise. Here today; gone tomorrow. Up today; down tomorrow.
Trump just continues to make up things and lies, who could possibly believe Trump on anything.
Sleepy Eyes . At it again
F Stormy and her lawyer too.  Maybe she already took care of that.
MTP is shitposting now 
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @VP @POTUS @PressSec @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @gop @GOPChairwoman @SecNielsen @USAGSessions @KellyannePolls @DLoesch @kayleighmcenany @foxandfriends

EVERY TIME 45 opened his mouth, he lied.

...and his base cheers him on.

#ItsMuellerTime
#ImpeachmentIsImminent
I wish there was more of this kind of reporting!!! "This is what you said"...
Well they obviously do not matter to his base...  Because even with video, audio, written and pictorial evidence, they will still deny (same as he does) and continue their support...  It is the inept in this country that have brought us this current climate and government...
It’s called lying - not “changing stories”!!!!
#MTPDaily
Hey @chucktodd great beginning to the show today, strongly calling out Trump on his chronic LIES....
What about the lies about the size of the crowds at his inauguration as compared to the Obama swearing in, we saw the photo comparisons?
Of course his statements matter - to all of America. His lying, misleading, and self-aggrandizement has embarrassed America on the world stage and made every American more vulnerable. 
ANNNNNDDDD all the while Chuck Todd still tries to find one little inkling of bashing Dems wherever and however he can... its pathetic. MTP used to be one of the most respected shows on TV.. Chuck Todd makes you turn the channel
Agreed!!
He is the biggest liar of all times. The US president sounds like a jerk.
Yall changed a story today also?
Stick a fork in you @realDonaldTrump
How about the manafort hearing today?  Real news
This “Donnie the Prevaricator” needs removing fom office. Three thousand publicly uttered falsehoods and yet this clown is still not impeached. What in hell are we waiting for?
This man trump has no shame when it comes to http://lying.You  know you are really bad at picking people to work for you.

You guys are always working with 1/2 the story and jumping to conclusions. It's ridiculous how bad you are at journalism. You really do suck. #FakeNewsMSM #FakeNews
#WitchHunt
it depends on what the meaning of the word IS, is......
Gentlemen, get control of yourself! Rudy the rookie, poor guy.
Here Chuck. Try reporting this along with your other items
Who is sick of his out right lies?.  Let’s start today.  No more lies.
You are soooooo biased.
I don't care about Chuck or Stormy or Colbert.
Yes, what the hijacker of WH says matters. @realDonaldTrump is a lying son of a bitch. He represents the U.S. on the world's stage, and he's an embarrassment. #IdiotInChief #liarinchief #ImpeachTrumpNow
Chuck for Gods sake you called them "misstatements " when referring about the topic "can we believe the president".  Top off the segment Crowder comes on and gives a clinic on truth defying answers. SMH here Chuck. You could have been projecting when you thanked Crowder.
So did NBC yesterday
HOW BOUT GO BACK TO YOUR BUDDY OBAMA'S PRESIDENCY AND LIST HIS LIES. YOU KNOW ALL THE ONES THAT DIRECTLY AFFECTED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. CAN'T LEAVE OUT OL HILLARY. THE ONE WHO LIES TO CONGRESS, FBI, AND EVERYONE ELSE SHE SPEAKS TO & OBSTRUCTION IS DERSTROYING SERVERS, EMAILS ETC
Viewers:  hello Pot, meet Kettle!
Always changing their stories!
Try to understand the time frame Chuck Todd I know it is hard to think outside the box with such a anti Trump narrow mind set !
PTM, during another cut and paste, slip and slide reporting decides to *Say what they didn't say*: 1:07 We're not saying what we're saying is being said but we will say that someone said something.

Source: That guy that knows how other people thinks

#NotFake, it just happened
Frightening.
I TOLD you guys to stop lying !
didn't change stories - facts were not reported right
T-RUmp never changes stories or facts; T-RUmp simply creates new episodes.

You have Williams being hidden by NBC. Reid who is a proven bigot, and liar, Brokaw  being called out by the women he molested. You have NO room to talk!! Sorry forgot Halperin another molester.


I absolutely LOVE @ChuckTodd's version of "Troll TV", or 
as he calls it, "this is what he said, and this is where the Narrator shows he said!"  
I need more of this in my life!  
#GetYourFactsStraight Mr. Trump?
The birth of a new word: trumplication
“Truhm-PLEH-cay-shun”

1. Any confusion or misunderstanding arising from multiple illogical false statements, aka “lies.”

2. Any arithmetical calculation where the values are untrue, wrong or missing.

Adj trumplicated
Adv trumplicatedly
Oopsie - bad editing - it is pronounced
“truhm-pleh-KAY-shun”
What does this have to do w/ Russia.
I don't remember anyone in political office who has lied as openly as Trump and can do it with such a straight face, as if he believes the American people have amnesia or are plain stupid!
Many are - ...they elected him president.
38% but about 11% have wised up since...
It matters to me and my family.  it matters to our Country.  it matters to our history and the direction our Country is going in.  IT MATTERS!!!!!
@chucktodd Your “nobody” segment merely spotlights Trump on his incessant path towards fascism.
Republicans don't support Trump, FOX NEWS watchers do. You can't separate the two. What's  strengthening his base is fake news coming from FOX, reinforced by the NATIONAL INQUIRER. Those who are outraged are watching alternative news outlets, Synclairs expansion may change that.
Trump is a lying rat bag and that will not change. Ever!
Could someone shows him this tape.Maybe he does have dementia
One of my favorite Trump lies was "I NEVER said give guns to teachers. What I said was to arm 20% of teachers who are qualified with guns."   Huh???
At last. Today I’ve seen a few clips of press calling out Trumps lies. Laying out contradicting statements side by side. About time. He repeats lies over and over and his base believes him. I hope the press keep calling out his lies. Repeatedly. Maybe his base will believe that.
Yeah, the narrators the idiot... not the dude on video lying over and over and over... 
Good to see more media like Chuck Todd calling out the president's lies. trump lies so much the media can no longer ignore it. Way to go Meet the Press!
#45 & his "swamp people r like wild beast without Ethics loosed upon the world.
#StopSyntheticWeedNationwide
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
Meet the Press may be a fifth column and probably the case!
He is a pathological liar!! When caught, he fabricates another lie. Yet the trumpsters believe every iteration of the lie.
It depends on what the definition of IS is ! A valuable lesson learned from the Clinton investigation .
DEMS will face another surprise loss in the mid terms. They neither have a manifesto nor a strategy. Just being anti Trump won't cut it.
Doesn't sound like a change in stories to me. More like a clarification. Without a timeline its impossible to prove either way. But the media can't be fair.
I'm sorry Republicans don't tell me how good you are when you except the lies of Trump. After a while the stink will rub on you. Remember you still have to teach your kids honesty
He’s President Trump you flake! @MeetThePress is so embarrassing now.

#HistoryRepeats #Allofthishashappenedbefore
Ha...it changes everyday!
Weapons of mass destruction, you can keep your doctor, I will save every household $2500, your premiums  will go down, I know nothing about fast and furious, to the best of my knowledge there was no uranium sold to Russia, the IRS did nothing wrong..etc, etc, etc, etc, PERIOD!!
I matters to me that his consistent lying is pulling people further apart distorting facts. I could care less about his actions with Daniels before he was in office but he has an obligation to the position he holds and bold face lying constantly is a disgrace.
Did u really just ask if the president being credible matters?! What in the fuck is wrong with you? President’s speak truth to the people and ur the problem Chuck for not making that statement. He’s hated by 70% of voters,he’s toast!! You should not be on tv
MTP can't even report a story correctly, so of course the would say @POTUS story keeps changing.
Meet the depressed

Hey Chuckles how about reporting on the US Judge in Manafort court appearance Excoriating Mueller for abuse of power and misstatements
No that judge is tainted.  He's a Trump supporter and sent text messages that said he'll move from America if Hillary wins election and that she murdered Seth Rich. 
Special Prosecutor Mueller's Attorneys Outside a Virginia Courthouse Today

- told U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis that they had "secret powers"
- Judge Ellis response, "C'mon Man"
Is that like double secret probation?
He's always changing stories.  What are we supposed to believe?  None.
@realDonaldTrump  Just install a revolving door on the White House..
"We're not changing any stories," is actually a change in the story.
Explaining it differently so the challenged can understand, is not changing.
I hope you guys do something on the career of @Comey next week to commemorate Trump's crime. #Headliners @MSNBC

Legalize weed!
Legalize K2!
Nope
You are catching on.
