He shouldn’t talk to mueller, anything he says will be twisted
Agreed! Very bad idea. Can you imagine the leaks? No one has his back.
Mueller gives me diarrhea 
None of the agencies are to be trusted. All they want is to take Trump down.
So agree!!
Wake up trump supporters.    Lol
Eyes wide open,  so will yours be eventually
I don’t know Gal... even when the proof is right in their face they still don’t believe it. Trump disorder rules these people’s minds & lives 
Just have a massive heart attack and end it all, Donny!
Except then we'd have to start all over to pry Pence out of the Golden Off...  er,  Oval Office.
Pence is going down too.
From your lips to divine ears..
You’re not gonna talk to Mueller.
Mueller has plenty of options. That's the beauty of being 12 steps ahead of everyone else... watch for the name Ivan Fursin to come up in the coming days or weeks....
Do tell  who’s that??

Can’t blink w/o new developments hourly on this mafia saga. Thanx
For the millionth time, Mueller and Rosenstein are both Republicans. But I guess that doesn't fit the narrative.
Susan Collins and Jeff Flake are Republicans too.  Doesn't mean they are on his side.
He's taking the "It's political!" stance because he doesn't have the law on his side.
What an idiot! Mueller IS a Republican which doesn’t matter when you’re guilty of TREASON against this country!
How is Trump guilty of treason? You have him confused with Hillary
Treason may be a small stretch...

but only a full would deny that he isn't guilty of campaign finance violations, money laundering, aiding and abetting, obstruction of justice, and emolument's clause violations...

Are you a fool? Hmmmmm?
We’ll wait & see if treason is a small stretch. When you go against our intelligence and refuse to enact sanctions against an enemy of the state and are making money off said enemy instead of protecting our democracy, it smacks of treason to me.
I hear ya, Sandy.
Translation: I would love to speak to Mueller if I wasn’t certain that I would lie a dozen times in the first 2 minutes, and probably confess to several crimes.
Shit-for-brains has 2 choices: talk to Mueller at Mar-a-Lago or some other place he feels comfortable, or talk to him down at the courthouse in front of a grand jury. But he’s gonna talk.
"If it would be fair", Lawyers don't say to not testify 'because it won't be fair', they say it's not in your interest to testify, even though the questioner is fair. 
Trump doesn't mean 'fair', he means 'can I corrupt this guy into giving me a pass", like he tried with Comey.
That's not happening it didn't work with Comey and it most certainly would not work with Mueller
Hey goofball, Mueller is a Republican. And by "Fair" you mean no questions about your criminal activity. Correct?
Trump lies are easy to spot. He says Republicans are not on Mueller's team.
Mueller is a Republican.  And facts are not Republican or Democratic.  
So, Trumpers, remember, we all want the truth.  Lies are not truth, right?
Wow the bull is thick in the air in Trump world today lol
I call total BS! The truth is not in this man, and he will NEVER willingly talk with Mueller, NEVER. Total liar and a con artist. I hope he gets his just rewards in the end, and that we get our country back. #ToxicTrump
Letting some LAWYER tell you what to do? That's a beta move, Donald. Be a man and do the interview!
Robert Mueller is literally a Republican.
Comey was also a Republican.
More importantly they are American Patriots first.
True. Having military relatives I realize the soldiers who sacrifice so all have life and have it more abundantly in America. Wish every American the courage to approximate that thinking when considering what is in our best interest.

Still lying, I see.
Think he just admitted that he has never planned to cooperate with the special counsel. Rudy opened the door to a subpoena. That looks like where this is headed but I think we'll get indictments of other folks before then.
Mueller-republican
Comey-republican
Rosenstein-republican

So, Donny, tell me again which Democrats are running it again?
Please count the Republicans beginning with the special counsel and his boss.
It is fair ... all you have to do is tell the truth ... or, in your case... take the 5th ...
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha*DEEP BREATH*hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha*RIB CRACKS*ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Wow, is that a thing now? Can we ALL refuse to answer a cop/investigators questions, if we feel they are unfair? Bet there are some criminals out there who are going to love this.
No.
Trump Conditions are for Trump
Talk about Unfair! Who says Trump thinks he's above the law? I do!
Mueller will demonstrate to Donnie Trumpelthinskin he is NOT above the law.

Stfu .@realDonaldTrump it is Republicans, not Democrats you idiot!!
Rick.  Thanks!  So tired of hearing Trump call all of his legal challengers democrats.  Good to know we have supporters of the rule of law in both parties.
Shit for brains

Here come the qualifiers. Newsflash. Mueller doesn't play by your rules homie.
Isn't it funny how he abuses his power when convenient and then whines his lawyers are in charge and he is suddenly impotent?

Look at this guy. “I’d love to give you your money back on that snake oil I sold you. But my lawyers won’t let me. “
More drumpf lies. #TrumpLiesMatter #TrumpCrimeFamily #MuellerIsComing
You mean if you could away with lying to Mueller you would do it!
and another lie!

By "fair", @realDonaldTrump means he would talk to someone who will believe his lies.
He’s lived his entire life lying and cheating people, and now he’s whining about something not being fair. He really does embody the bottom feeders of America.
"...I would override my lawyers."

Said no sensible "subject" in a criminal investigation...

EVER. 
Wow. This was a verbal abortion, on a tarmac, performed by the patient himself before millions of viewers. A Republican.
I think you should speak with SC Mueller. Hes a fair man doing his job correctly. What are you afraid of trumpy?????
Tell the truth. Tell the truth. Tell the truth.
Why would it not be fair? Because they will ask you questions about crimes they know you committed? Big orange asshat
LMAO, "If I thought it was fair". Since when does a person under criminal investigation get to decide what is fair to be asked? YOU are asked, YOU answer, end of story.
The many times Donald Trump promised he was going to release his tax returns  http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/times-donald-trump-release-tax-returns-article-1.3061868 … Conway: Trump will not release tax returns @CNNPolitics
The tax returns alone might send him to jail.
DO IT! NOW! AS FAST AS POSSIBLE! TALK TO MUELLER! IGNORE YOUR LAWYERS, YOU KNOW MORE THAN THEM! DO IT!  TALK. TO. MUELLER.
Lying seems second nature to this president.  Accuses all investigators of him of being democrats to incite ongoing support form his base for his lying and greed(emollient issues).  Last I heard most of the investigators are republican.  Some GOP believe in following the law.
I'm sure it's been said before, but Trump would be the world's worst poker player.  His whole body is a tell.
@realDonaldTrump you can’t go 5 minutes without telling a lie that is the issue. #TrumpRussia
#Bullshyt #IDIOT #LYING_HIS_ASS_OFF
“fair”? You think poorly; there is nothing fair about you...
@realDonaldTrump 
Your concept of fair is based on whether you can line your pockets...everything else is out the window...
Sure.
Sure he would. None of this is normal. I am tired of being lied to every single day. Anyone else think it's time for Trump to pack his bags and get out?
Fair in trumpspeak means he wants to be asked things that make him look innocent. The truth is "unfair" to him because he knows what he's done.

How much more fair can it get, exactly? Mueller has handed over a set of questions he wants to ask, allowed trump to prepare for them and would allow trump to have those lawyers with him in the room. Exactly how much more "Fair" does it have to get?
It will be fair. IT WILL BE FAIR. TALK TO HIM. It's all fair. You'll be fine.
The innocent have nothing to fear. But then again innocent people don’t obstruct or worry about who may flip on them next.
Just like he would “love” to release his taxes, except he is still under an “audit” - he is so full of 
Your not in a position to choose what’s fair based on your words and actions
Sure as hell doesn’t play fair in ANYTHING.
@realDonaldTrump you twit Mueller is a Republican appointed by a republican who filled in for a recused Republicans... lol  he is nuts #ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow
...until tomorrow when he cries and whines that Mueller has been unfair and that he won't sit down for an interview. #TantrumTrump
This is, pure and simply, a lie. Trump is terrified of speaking with Mueller’s team. He’s just looking for someone or something to blame when he cowers in a corner and refuses to speak. #GrandJurySubpoena
There Is No 'Fair'... Just Tell The Truth And Then There Are No Problems! You Can Do It! Bill Clinton & Hillary Did! Piece Of Cake!
NO ONE IS ABOVE THE LAW. We go by laws and the US Constitution not on effing loyalty @realDonaldTrump.
Do it live on television, should be easy to answer questions about a thing Trump says is a hoax. "MS. SANDERS: "We certainly support full transparency ..." https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefings-statements/press-briefing-press-secretary-sarah-sanders-012318/?utm_source=twitter … via @whitehouse
Keep in mind that for a Trump, ‘fair’ means they’ve been able to rig the game
He can’t ramble with Mueller. For him to actually answer a direct question with a direct answer will be a task he cannot achieve.
Ha ha ha  Mueller would eat him alive and he knows it. He is terrified of Mueller 
He keeps saying these investigators are democrats.  THEY ARE ALL REPUBLICANS

It's fine to believe in fairies.
It's dangerous to believe in fairy tales.

#Trump will sit down with Kim Jong Un, but not (Republican) #Mueller because Mueller will be “unfair”... Uh-huh.... 
#TrumpRussia #NorthKorea
You say that @realDonaldTrump , but you won’t do it.
Let me put this in Laymans terms, if I did want to incriminate myself I would talk to special counselor Mueller
Then do so.

Trump now won’t voluntarily speak with mueller. He must be subpoenaed
More lies.
COP OUT
All talk with no balls.
Mueller would eat him alive. Trump can't string 3 coherent sentences together without one of them being an outright lie.
I will forever be baffled by how divisive he is. The effect of pushing people to the extreme and ending real dialogue, which involves listening to dissimilar view,  has only been promoted to this level by a few vile creatures in history.
I believe in our justice system and as President of the United States, you should be leading the fight for justice.
Simple question if he did not sleep with porn star over 12 years ago why the payment? Why a few weeks before the election? If all along he was/and is denying the allegations why the payment? Asking for a friend.
Did anyone count the amount of lies he just told?
Do you count the same lie over and over?
I feel we should.
It just might be possible he's lying here.  Call it a gut feeling.
Was his mouth open? Was he speaking words in a jumbled order? Yeah, he was lying...
Trump's pants are on FIRE!

Fair isn't really what you're worried about. You don't want to have to tell America the truth Under oath because you do know what you have been doing all your life and that is wrong and you are caught. We will know soon and you will be embarrassed as you should be
Good thing Trump just tied his motivation for avoiding interview to **his own thinking/assessment** rather than his lawyers'. That's going to hurt him. He was going for "under advice from counsel, I'll decline" but that is *not what he said.* @lawfareblog @SethAbramson @tribelaw
Translation: "They will catch me lying and that is a chance I am not going to take"
put your bloody baby-man hands down, for God's sake. Why is it not fair, because you're gonna lie & you can't help yourself?  I CAN'T believe your country stands idly by, watches this gong show & allows this crap, day after day after day. What a joke Trump has made of America.
Oh it’ll be easy ... just do it.
@realDonaldTrump right....  just like you don’t remember saying you had no idea about the Stormy payment. Most of us, the ones that know you lie everyday are smart! We see through your bullshit #worstpresidentever #liarinchief #impeachtrump
Can someone explain to the “adult” pres that life isn’t fair. Most of us figured this out when we turned 7
Clearly he is scared to talk to Mueller.
Republicans like Mueller are looking at this. What’s ironic is a man who treats no one fairly is whining about not being treated fairly.
WOW! Fact check please!
Is this Donald Trump's symbol of the new illuminati of evil hiding behind false religion  I believe that he is a part of the globalist corrupt world
@realDonaldTrump great idea you should talk to him
Liar
He used the same line about releasing tax returns. Who’s writing his material, Dennis Miller?
In other words, I would sit down with Mueller if he would ignore where the facts lead him in the investigation and just tell me that I have done nothing wrong and I won the election fair and square! #TrumpRussia #MuellerInvestigation
Your lawyers think it is a perjury trap.  In other words, they think you will lie.
I don't want to listen. Trump turns my stomach. 
I'll wait for the transcript 
or turn on closed caption.
Setting up his excuses for why he can’t talk to investigators and tell the truth.
Your head has got to be filled with a cell-free brain to believe anything Trump says ...
Would love to release taxes but under audit... lawyers
Sure...
TRAITOR!
With lawyers like Rudy Giuliani, who needs prosecutors?
The law and order guy won't comply to law and order.
What are you afraid of @POTUS ?
Just put it on Fox? Have Chris Wallace host. Mueller and Team vs Team Trump. Like a debate, under oath! Ratings Gold I tell ya!
I will love to talk to Mueller but I need to share my tax returns first.
Do it! Ignore the lawyers. You are waaaay smarter than those stupid lawyers. Come on, do it!
POTUS your ride is here.
We’d all love that
What are you  10? Fair? Just tell the truth and you will be fine.  I know that will be tough for you though
Let him incriminate himself some more. What a shit storm.
You're the POTUS.  You can do whatever you want!  You can just meet with Mueller whenever you want.  Why are you letting those two-bit lawyers run your life!  You're smarter than them and you know it!
LIAR
I would bet my legs that the first 5 minutes Trump spends with Mueller consists entirely of Trump railing about a witch hunt hoax that Dems cooked up because Trump won in a landslide, as he quotes the Electoral College numbers (wrongly) at least 3 times.
President Trump says he would "love to speak" with Special Counsel Mueller:

"If I thought it was fair, I would override my lawyers." 
It's as fair as it gets and I hope he does interview you.  He will tear you up because you cannot tell the truth!
“As soon as they finish the audit, I’ll release my taxes. I mean I want to release them, they’ve just told me I can’t.”
What an incredible liar!
Haha. Come on Donny.  Just so it.  Without lawyers!   It’ll be fun!
Oh how I wish he would!
The only thing that would make it 'fair' in his eyes would be 'no questions with Russian, Russia, Manafort, Flynn, Jared, Cohen, Taxes, campaign contributions, collusion, conspiracy, Dossier, Trump Org, or especially Invanka in the sentence' is my guess.
Trump is such a BS artist!
In other words, “I can’t meet with Mueller because I lie so much I could easily perjure myself. It’s not fair.”
Fair like don't ask me anything about the Russia investigations.
Mueller, you're gonna need a bigger boat...

That’s a lie, just like virtually everything else that comes out of his mouth.  He knows full well that he would commit perjury within fifteen minutes of sitting down with Mueller.  For Trump, lying is like breathing.
Override your lawyers. Brilliant.
Oh please GO SQUEEL
@realDonaldTrump  if your lawyers have told you Mueller's team are all Democrats THEY'RE LYING TO YOU.  Please sit down with Mr Mueller and prove what you are saying.
He’s lying. No offense to Mr. Mueller, but why would anyone want to speak with him after he’s uncovered all of your dirt?
NOT GOING TO HAPPEN HE'S  NOT HILLARY SHE HAD GUTS TRUMP IS A FAKE.
The more they tell him 'not to' the more he'll want to....He can't help himself.
Oh Mr. President, it’s fair, TRUST ME. Override your lawyers.
It's PR for his cult
He lies.
Just go speak already “stable genius”!! 
He should just tell the truth...
They are Republican!!
the con man having it both ways.
(Remaining lawyers running for the door...) #DotardInChief
You always like to bring up the Clintons and you have hired an Ex-Clinton attorney (Flood) to protect you while being questioned by Muellor! It sounds just as FAIR  as it was for Bill Clinton ,so " Grab it by the Pussy " and don't be one ! Show us and Bob your a Stable Genius !
Liar ! Your a Con BS
=> "If I don't think it's fair.. I have other plans up my sleeve. We'll see what happens."
If you could answer questions truthfully you would have to admit your guilt in everything. Otherwise you have to plead the fifth. Oops Subpoena time for you. Only way to get the truth out of you. Orange jump suit ready to go!!
And if you buy that load of manure, @realDonaldTrump has a bridge over a swamp to sell you!!
 Just. Stop. Breathing.
Fair to Donald Trump = not answering questions he does not  approve.
They’re all Republicans looking into your crimes @realDonaldTrump . MAGA must be really stupid to believe your lies still.
@DonaldTrump, how is it not fair, they ask you a question and you answer, but it has to be with something you just can't do is tell the truth. We already know you're guilty, just come out and say it, or let Rudy say it now.
He doesn’t think anything that is his fault is fair Mueller just going to have to hang him without his cooperation
Mueller is a rapist Mexican, ask Trump's doctor.
#Resign
Yes.. we would "love" for you to speak with Special Counsel Mueller as well... as soon as possible... and as long as possible. Take all the time you want speaking with him as a matter of fact. Ramble on Donnie J.
It’s fair @realDonaldTrump. Do the right thing and meet with Mueller, after all, you have nothing to lose and the rest of the American people to gain. Sounds like a win win situation
Have you, yourself, ever played fair. The nunes effort to make Mr. Rosenstein give him Mr. Mueller's investigation papers is all you. You and nunes.
Then shut up & do it!
Hey David Dennison, life isn’t fair when you’re facing political and possibly criminal misdeeds. Boo Hoo Hoo @realDonaldTrump #DavidDennison #LiarInChief #Mueller
You’re going to get subpeona’d, moron.

Unconditional surrender is your only option.
Guess what? You don’t get to choose. You say you do in order to please #MAGA supporters @realDonaldTrump. Here’s “something not many people know about”
Wow he looks orange today. Super orange. Weird movie villain orange.
Again the election numbers good lord get over it already.  I bet he will still be saying this in the last months of his term
Release your taxes, too.
Oh, do it! Please. Don't let those idiot lawyers tell you what to do. You're the POTUS. Nobody has the power to tell you not to talk to Mueller. Or to Fox and Friends. Or to freewheel a press conference. Go for it. 
If Mueller wants to talk to you, he will. You are not the one making that decision, nimrod!
Lol it's easy. Tell the truth and he'll have nothing to worry about. Right? Lol
Hillary say before an actual witch hunt - for 11 hours, in public and under oath
Speaking of jobs #s.
Father of all lies.
Lyin SOB - I hope Trump DOES decide to suffer through the heel spur pain and interview with Mueller. It will either exonerate him or send him to the bottom of the swamp he has created.
You’re lying now !
He won't think any investigation if it focuses on him, is fair. Believes he's above the law. It wouldn't be pretty because they would know if he's lying & when caught he would become retaliatory. More lies & smearing of the press & individuals. Some will believe his fabrications.
Right.
I’m truly surprised that @realDonaldTrump hasn’t swallowed his thick fat lying tongue! 3016 lies? How can these Trump trolls be so damn stupid?
Please override!! 

@realDonaldTrump still doesn’t get that Mueller is a Rebublican lol  
So much bullsh*t coming out from his guilty facehole ughh!
This is the biggest lie - that trump wants to talk to Mueller. He has never wanted to and never will because he's GUILTY OF SO MANY CRIMES
I don’t understand what’s not “fair” he asks questions you answer. Just because you incriminate yourself based on those answers does not make it less fair.
lie,lie,lie that is trump one BIG lie one after the other.
I wonder if flood is still on the trump team? if he is smart he would of booked after Roudy was on Fox. Now they are trying to backstep HAHA! what a joke.
Fair? You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means!

"Because I'm a willfull idiot." Why even have lawyers?
It’s only fair go ahead, nothing to hide Donald your an honest man.  Right ?
It's Friday! tRUmp opens his lying pie hole & steps in it again.....Jesus take the wheel.
Good jurists can dance around words, and make any argument they wish, such as Judicial Fiat from @scotus President @realDonaldTrump is strongly advised not to give Mueller any room to concoct any false accusation, and do not under any circumstance give CORRUPT mueller any ammo.
Trump will never willingly speak with Mueller! No matter what he says - This is A PR move
Right now he’s his own lawyer
Lying AGAIN!!!... this guy is definitely the attention seeking God 
LOL. Let's hear his definition of "fair".
Another lie
