WHO CARES?
Everyone who doesn’t Have their head Up Trump’s butt.
Who cares?  Since you guys cant get him on Collusion, you are gonna try for this?  How about moving on?
I care. As an American, I care. He is a liar and doesn't the deserve the position as president. He has nothing but divide us and lie to us. #impeach
I care too. If he can lie about this he will lie about Russia
You'd have to be a complete fool at this point to believe anything Trump says
So he told his 3029th lie in a little over a year. If only SOMEONE who could do SOMETHING cared!!
Of course he knew. This isn’t news. Believe the complete opposite of everything he says. #180degrees
Now do Brokaw.
I want to know how much money Trump has spent over the years on non-disclosure agreements and why. What is he hiding? Why is he so paranoid about investigations?
Of course he did. The idea that he had no idea what was going on was not believable. The routine nature of his lies, and his inability to keep his story straight are screaming indicators of a guilty mind. The question is, who's going to hold him accountable? #BlueWave2018
Who really gives a crap who the President slept with? Does this story really need this much coverage given the more important stories ... North Korea, Iran, Immigration, Tax Cuts, lowest unemployment, etc. I am starting to believe you LIBS get off on these stories.
The fact that he slept with a porn actress is not the issue. Get a clue.
Blah blah blah tired story from cable channel with no credibility or ethics. Just tired Fake News with terrible ratings and fewer and fewer sponsors. Accept it Donny is getting it done!!
he heard about it 2 weeks ago
but paid it out last year

he has a MAGIC TIME MACHINE

#PUTZ

#TheResistance   #Pervert

#smarmy
Of course the lying sack  did! Threw @MichaelCohen212 right under the bus! Not that I feel bad for Cohen! You play tough guy and it comes back to bite ya. ALL of them will go down!
And this news to whom?!?
Trump’s a liar? Who would have guessed.
He cheated working people out of their money for his phony U and then gloated that he didn’t have to pay back all the money he stole, only $26 million.
Disgraceful human being.
#LiarInChief
So, he can fuck anybody he wants anytime he wants and pay anything he wants, this is not news.

Let's talk about Hillary stealing the money for Haiti and causing horrible death in misery in the Congo, I dare you to do a story about that.
Why do we always go back to Hillary when something in printed that you don't like.
I'm just saying if you want to do stories about high-profile people there are far more important stories.

The news media doesn't seem to be interested in any of the stories around the world which potentially are bigger, they're just stuck on Trump.
130 000 is peanuts    dont keep up with pocket change
Wait didn't you get the memo over 700,000 was put aside by Cohen to do Trumps dirty work, Now do you care about that, Inquire minds want to know who else got paid off to keep Trumps dirty secretes.
cohen the fixer
This horse has died a million deaths.  Get some real news, MSNBC, to terrorize use with, please
Ok, he lied, now what?, can we fire his Sorry ass for that, if not, let’s dig deeper to get something on this dirty bird, so we can REALLY make America great again, because as of now, trump is making America HATE again!
Its spelled GREAT
Another trump #dicksucker, even though, your not rich enough for him to actually do anything what so ever 
Huh?

So what, and who cares? LOL 

When are you idiots going to stop talking about Stormy and her slutty career anyway? We don't care what she and her stupid attorney do. It has no effect on the President.  If only concerns mainstream media because they have nothing better to report.
And this surprises?  No one.
Yeah?  So what
Nobody gives a fuck MSNBC
Nobody cares
Where’s the news on North Korea?? I guess a whore is more important!?  This is why the left is losing!!
Fake news
Facts please
Stormy!
Soooooo what????  This is not news. Nor does it matter. Bill Clinton raped and then threatened women and not nearly the same amount of attention was paid.
Of course he knew, he's been lying about it since the payment was made
Trump micro manages.  He knew. Spends OPM.  Guess he forgot what caused all this mess. Oh that's right. He denies those actions also.
Of course he knew!
Of course @realDonaldTrump KNEW about the $130K paid to #StormyDaniels 

#Trump lies a lot; doesn't mean he's good at it. Keeps getting caught in his web of lies.

@FLOTUS @GOP @GOPChairwoman
Who cares
Of course he knew. He lied like he always does.
And exactly what does this knowledge garner our nation? Nada! We are focused on intangible fodder instead of the real problem, legislation! #politics
That would be proof of a @realDonaldTrump “LIE!”
I thought you guys were supposed to report news not “uh,
duhhh”s!

#TrimpLies
Of course he knew, no one would be so clueless he wouldn’t notice a $130K payment, not even Trump
you mean he lied!
.@MSNBC Guess again. He pays his attorney a monthly retainer. For VIPs and celebrities, this means “here’s your retainer, take care of business.” During the critical weeks before the Election, Cohen would have taken care of all business and not bother the candidate with details.
And next you’ll tell us Sarah H Sanders has lost her “credibility.” Oh never mind. WaPo already did that—as if it too is news.

I thought he never lies!!!
Nobody cares about #StormyDaniels @MSNBC! We didn’t vote for @realDonaldTrump because we thought he was a “SAINT”! It was all about policy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain or #ImWithHer? What campaign slogan sounds like it’s for the people?
Fake news
How is this even a story? Lame as usual MSNBC!!
Duh.
Jacksonville knew this store was killing and poisoning our community
Why was this store allowed to poison our citizens? @jaketapper @donlemon @CarolHLN @smerconish @ananavarro @CNN 
@seanhannity @MSNBC @NBCNews @CNN is it True Lisa Page left the F.B.I. To enter the Porn industry with Stormy? Signed, Unnamed 
p.s. Remember, don't Name Me . I'm unnamed 
Who honestly fucking cares about Stormy Daniels?!?!
You realize this incident happened like 15 years ago right?  Why does she want to speak out now?
Must feel great to be an alternative evangelical Christian. Having the second coming of your Evangelical Jesus in the White House. Must feel good to have a malignant narscistic coward in the White House.
Must feel great making Russia great again.
Haven't been to church in about 5 years.
You don't have to. Your Dear leader has never been to church,and he is your second coming of your Evangelical Jesus.
Haha what is your obsession with Evangelicals?
Yeah?  So what?  So he lied about having sex with a woman years ago and paid her to keep quiet?  SO WHAT?
I like MSNBC but I've noticed it's 2 much like talk radio. There's alot of speculation & predictions but not alot of facts. Gee what's next, Y did they say that, How will they respond type stuff. There's 2 much happening 2 waste time w/that. There's gotta B at least 20 stories >
>per day that you cld cover briefly instead of guessing intent & trying 2 predict future. I shld B able 2 turn on MSNBC 4 an hr, any hr & get a rundown of what's happening. All the major stories. Or at least half. Plane crash; dam or bridge broke, giant sink hole; effect of >
> climate change in Fla, Cali, Italy, Ireland, China, India (pick a place); lack of progress in P Rico recovery; proposed national legislation; Stormy; Mueller; Cohen; Manafort; Trump lied abt; shooting; school strikes; corrupt governor; unarmed black man shot; X  University >
> did this; sport scandal; Pruitt; Zinke; DeVos; other corrupt official; Wall Street investment scam; bank scandal; major company hacked; company goes bankrupt & reforms under new name; SCOTUS; Sessions. You need 2 get on all of it. Please. Pundits R cheaper but less helpful.
Of course he lies & always will--he knew about the payment--but stood right there on Air Force One--looked at journalist & lies straight faced.  Boy he's good but have had a lot of practice--U know.
And again I say so what?  They all lie about stuff like that. Bill Clinton lied too and no one cares
Dude that's a terrible way to look at this.
I could care less about a sexual affair that happened 15 years ago. What I do care about is what is going on now.  Lower taxes, NK disarming, Isis on the run, sexy traffickers being rounded up?
WDGAF
Sure
How's that Nunes memo coming? Any day now, right?
Only thing the left has left is Stormy. Too funny. Call me after OIG comes out.
How many indictments has Muller come back with?
And Stormy isn't trivial. Aside from @realDonaldTrump being trash, he also might have violated election law.
Not worried sweetcheeks. Did you see employment numbers? Pay attention. All good. Keep dreaming
@reslDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani if F media don’t want to hear shit from Trump then stop bringing trash from the past like Stormy porn on TV&When f NYT digs into trash&irrelevant private life for 6 or 7 Yrs ago then media deserve to hear shit from president.
Huh, the payment was from 2016...You do realize it was connected to the elections ? And possible violations of the FEC laws ?
@realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani So why the fuck we are talking about f Stormy, FTC can deal with Trump campaign& if is violated, then they will pay the penalty. This is not about violation, this is about f hate toward president.
What did he lie beside trying to defend himself from a holes like NYT digging for shits from the past to make Trump to look bad. Name one that truly Trump lied, don’t give me shit like in Air Force one about porn fucking shit.
He lied about the money paid in 2016. He lied about knowing about it. He lied about it. And he lied about many other things, but this, is a FEC violation.
So, basically, he lied, you admit he lied, and you are saying even if it violates the law, doesn't matter...That is called cognitive dissonance..and I am helping the country, you, are clearly not, since we are a nation of laws.
Following the money  trail will lead directly to the Trump Family Corp ; the cover for fraud embezzlement and other crimes  Carried out in mobster style  #45 is a long time rule breaker and con artist  He is not an honest man
newsflash These issues would not be released to the public unless Mueller has the evidence.  Trump lies the evidence will prove he lied 
Unless they were told by the two involved, they don't know a damn thing but scuddlebutt.
I don't care if he put 130,000 $1 bills in her g-string there's nothing illegal about that. What does it have to do with Russia?
Are you guys confused?  Too complicated for you?  Be more resourceful & use your head, it's not hard to understand.
Who gives a flying f@ck
He is too comfortable lying. It doesn’t even trouble him.
#FakeNews who cares
CNN)More than a day after the child sexual assault allegations against California Congressman Tony Cardenas became public, House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said she was withholding judgment on Cardenas until a House Ethics Committee investigation is complete.
It’s his money he can do anything to pay off this harlot who’s looking for money and her stupid lawyer that’s looking for a buck
yep #HatestreamMedia is taking a sound byte snippet from a president rushing up the steps of airforce 1 to take a dump “no whatever ask somebody else [ive got hit he crapper]”
now taking his unofficial i got crap leave me alone words to town
unlike #FakeSanctimoniousLiberals who never take craps are so full of it yet when they think no one is watching they sneak one out
Who gives a ! You & your other #FakeNewsMedia are now so irrelevant now since your collusion theory got flushed down the toilet after 1 year of rambling. The only collusion with Russia was the lying Demos!

We don’t care ....
So?
The insult that Trump brings to the equation is an apparent disregard for facts, so profound as to suggest that he may not see much practical distinction between lies, if he believes they serve him, and the truth. If one of his lies doesn’t work, well, then he lies about that.
That is an opinion????   your report does not show that.   He knows about payments he made to his lawyer ......   didn’t say he knew what payments his lawyer made!    FAKE NEWs
Edward Kennedy knew he killed Mary Jo.
Of course he did...does it really surprise anyone?  If his lips are moving..lying!
When did trump reimburse Cohen, ok
so he lied, is anyone really surprised!!!
NO ONE CARES about Stormy Daniels other than the salacious corrupt bias mainstream media..... so pathetic !
Omg he lied to the press. Good for him!
Who cares !!! Next ..... This story has been exhausted !!!!
NO ONE CARES!!! MOVE ON!!!
Stormy and DNC are tied to the Mueller investigation.  It is their backup plan.  Blackmail is a crime.  Prosecute them.
Do ppl follow this story?
Of course he did. Proven liar.
Of course he knew. He lies. All the time. About everything.
Best deal ever. Trump pays a porn star for not having sex and to not say anything about not having sex, to protect his family, since his family would be in jeopardy? Seems like a lot of people would want to make this type of deal, win for all?
Instead of lying Ted, DT has always been lying Donald.
No shit
Trump knew about the money. 

He didnt know what the money was for. 

That's what his lawyer(s) are for. No one is this dumb. Not even trump, sorry. 

This is called 'deniability.'
OMG! He lied?! Say it isn’t so!!!!!
DJT caught lying with pants down on hush payment to Stormy Daniels
I get the feeling that they are telling us something new. Inherently the entire Trump crime family are a gaggle if pathological liars. This isn’t going to end very well for Trump enablers, I’m talking to you #Republicans  @GOP by hook or by crook we will have our revenge.
Go check Hillary’s campaign expenses and ask her if she can account for every dollar spent by her legal team.  Don’t forget she spent more than any candidate in history
At this point doesn’t surprise me at all. I just assume at this point that everything he says is a lie. #Sad
Have you ever interviewed Jaunita Broddericks’s lawyers?
Liar in Chief!
And hoj5 knew about Joy Reid's homophobia! Fire her
DITTO!  WTH CARES?

He may have stuck it to Stormy a few times but it would pale in comparison to the way @BarackObama stuck it to the USA every single day.

Obama shoved his healthcare so far up my a$$ I had to go to an ENT specialist to have it removed. 

#MAGA
Oh please stop! I swear I’m going to vote for him twice if you play the Pornstar Card one more time!
Still doesn’t beat repeated blow jobs and cigar insertions in the Oval Office
And any of this has WHAT to do with our growing economy, stronger borders, higher wages, lower taxes, companies coming BACK to our country, people coming OFF of govt assistance, etc...?  Give it a rest BSNBC. Tweet again when you have some news!!!
Oh my god what a story! Donald Trump knew he paid his own money to an porn star oh my god!!
He can lie to the public... no responsibility to the people who employ him. Try doing that to your boss in business
So what
Is the New York Times wrote about it it's probably not true and we'll leave redacted soon
So What
Q: Did you know? T: NO
Q: Do you know? T: I do now. 
Both these can be true. Ask the question correctly!
Who the f cares
By continuously lying to media Mr. P. ensures that he is correct when he says, "fake news".
he did not know until latter.He was not kept informed on this.Despite having a signed detail letter admitting no affair prior to it's violation by Stormy and her attorney this was a private agreement.The times and fake news are part of the deep state that just came out.
America does not care.
Of course he knew!  But he lied through his teeth!
Seriously who care? 
Do you have an update on the 3 political prisoners he is getting released from North Korea? Were they abused like Otto?
Oh for heaven sakes.  Make up your mind.
Not sure why you're still talking about this when DJ Khalid just said he won't give his wife oral sex
Of course the liar in chief knew.....
Fake news /old toilet talk 
Seriously? With all the news to report, this is what you continually put on the airwaves? What about North Korea, Iran, Tax Cuts, Immigration, DOJ/FBI admonishment by federal judge. Geeze you are losing viewers and will as long as you continue your partisan reporting
But it was to stop her from telling lies and protect his family. If you believe that then I have ocean view property to sell you.
Don't care about a porn star's attempt to extort more money from her decision to prostitute herself.  Is MSNBC trying to get higher ratings by continuing to promote her?  Don't think so.  Yawn.
Of Course trump knew about the pymt. He is just a Chronic Liar...
He broke the law. We care.
What law???  Tell us the exact law!

Wrong!!  May have, isn t breaking the law!  Now try again!  Waiting!
Btw.  Get something other than an opinion piece!
Is this the latest lie?????
You mean.... cough... he lied? Incredible!
Nothing revealing here, potus45 is a pathological LIAR 
If I ever met someone who worked at MSNBC, I'm pretty sure I would laugh uncontroollably in their face. #FakeNews #Gossip #NothingBurger
#LickAWitch
The orange fuker is hiding a lot more, all will come out. He will be out of office soon, and best of all, completely humiliated.
He knew this and much more but choose to lie everyday to the American people!
Not true and once again see MSNBC Pimping for prostitutes here.  MSNBC screams we must stop bullying while they Bully and lie on our #POTUS 24/7.  Any one waking up to this.
@realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani Donald Trump keeps proving that he is the one and only #TheGreatPrevaricator -- Mueller isn't setting up a perjury trap for Trump -- Trump does that to himself every time he speaks or tweets ...
If he will lie about little things you know he lies about big things too
Tabloid news.
Who cares? I don’t
#LickAWitch
and his followers still drink the rancid lemonade. It's always lala land in Trumpworld.
As Captain Obvious walks in
So who gives a Da.....  She is a hooker porn star and she was attempying to extort the Presidential candidate!! She wanted a service contract well beyond her performance!!
What?  You mean to tell me he lied!! Shocking!  Personally, the day he tells the truth is the day I'll be surprised
Omg this means he should be impeached!! 
You act like this is breaking news. We all knew this from the very beginning. A guy as cheap as Trump would have to know before such a large payment was made.
Who cares!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NYT?. Who?
And now trumpeters are saying they don’t care what he has done in his personal life. Funny. They cared about obama and Hillary all the time. Smdh
DAAAAA!!!!!!
Nobody cares except hour dimwit, zombie, hateful reporters. The President giving into temptation(allegedly) has nothing to do with his policies that are revitalizing our country.
He's also on the brink of denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula yet you run with the Anal queen has been porn star story. Just like the democrats, totally against Pres Trump and all his supporters. #MAGA
AND TODAY “LIAR IN CHIEF” ...GETS FREE PLATFORM ON NATIONAL MEDIA (MSNBC) FOR HIS PROPAGANDA...Campaign rally, DNC should get equal time..
Trump’s swamp
Let me barrow a phrase "What difference at this point does it make"? There are more important issues facing America right now than this trivial piece of mean-spirited news.
Lie number 3,123. Who can be surprised any more? If Trump's lips are moving, he's lying. Question is, does he ever tell a truth?
No cares about a Porno Actor- MSNBC give it up!
So who didn’t ....already covered widely by media ...old news  ...you’ve not gotten over your dead horse sadly
Liar liar
He is a bonafied liar!
He’s just a no good damn liar!
I can no longer keep up with all this drama
Headlines should read duh
Come on now, he’s known about it all along! Show me a millionaire who doesn’t know exactly where his money goes!
of course he did. Just look at his expression when asked about it. Every time he lies he hesitates or gets quieter before answering a direct question.
Of course he did! He does not speak the truth
Check out the source that MSNBC used to write such a disparaging article about the President of the United States. This is absolutely appalling.

So.
And your source for knowing is? A wish upon a falling star! Your ratings
Smh these asshats are grasping for straws
Of. Course. He. Did. He. Lies!
Haaaaaa
So he liked again!  Anyone surprised?
Didn’t we all know that?  He is a proven liar.
Who cares.  lol

He lies.  Unstable! Believed his own fantasy!
The bar is so low in this administration,it shows all who lack decency,respect,integrity,morals, ethics etc. funny how financial/environment regulations are reversed that protect our water and air quality and people are still up this Administrations A$$.Forget about the rest.
