.@KellyO : Giuliani is attempting to walk back previous comments on the timing of Michael Cohen's payment to Stormy Daniels and the potential impact on the election. 

"He's trying to clean that up saying this was just about protecting the family."
FULL STORY: Trump lawyer Rudy Giuliani corrects previous remarks about the timing of Michael Cohen's payment to Stormy Daniels on Fox News.
.@realDonaldTrump and his current legal team:
Omg bwahahaha 
Ah ha
Very well done!
Maybe he can blame hackers like @MSNBC star @JoyAnnReid, amirite?
Ok, as an attorney, I can say this: when we “represent” someone, we’re a “mouthpiece” for them. Not ourselves.   Refrain: Oh what tangled webs we weave when we practice to deceive!
Giuliani is so crooked that he can’t even keep his glasses straight. #AlwaysConfused #ThatsYourSwamp #TrumpLies #FactsMatter #StormyDaniels #TheResistance #TrumpCircus #TrumpCrimeFamily
Somewhere, Rudy drank the NYC mob kool-aid.

Rudy is a pile of walking, talking manure
That’s ... not a retraction
You see? People tried to say he had a strategy. He doesn't have jack shit.
He is full of it he knows Trump is finished I don't know why that bawbag is still hanging round
I don't know why even one person would want to be with Trump, he's a parasite.
Your not kidding that's why I am so pissed off at Kanye West I don't really like him anyway but to turn to trump why he's a parasite that needs put down
Clean up! Aisle bull shit!
They all seem to think we are as brain-dead as trump supporters
it is amazing looking into the cult from the outside
So hard for them to get their stories straight. But Stormy has the facts and doesn’t need to cook up a story
Translation: I was not informed of all the lies....I mean facts.
Giuliani gibberish.
In other words he didn't memorize the lie.

Dance Rudy Dance!
Clear as:
Le pic juste.
The farce is strong with this one #MayThe4thBeWithYou
beautiful

#RudyGiuliani #RudysBigMouth #RudyRudyRudy #FoxNewsAtNight #Foxnews #interview #Trump #NobelPeacePrize #Nobel #HushMoney #MichaelCohen #StormyDaniels #MichaelAvenatti #giftbasket …
And that means...


Huh??
With dumb friends like Giuliani who needs enemies
As the lawyer awoke from surgery, he asked, "Why are all the blinds drawn?" The nurse answered, "There's a fire across the street, and we didn't want you to think you had died."

Trump’s story vs Giuliani’s story vs. Cohen’s story vs. Sanders’ story about Stormy Daniels pay-off are wildly disparate.
Liars 
Give it a rest Rudy.
Even though I don't support Trump at all and really can't wait until he's no longer president, I can't help but feel a bit embarrassed and sorry for him. He is surrounded by idiots and still believes he's the smartest man in the room.
I don't feel sorry for him, he's running on fumes, and everything that's happening to him was of his own making
At the great he's going there won't *be* anybody else around him
Oops I meant rate
And a mob lawyer who lies for the President takes stage... ugh
I call: BS


He needs to join Trump in semi-retirement at Swamp-a-Lago.
Trump wants us to believe his lies then gets upset when we don't. Lol!
Say what??? 
Clear as mud
What I said was wrong, so I'm going to say it again for the people in the cheap seats. - Rudi G.
Giuliani is trying to dig himself out of a huge hole that he dug. So far, he can’t see daylight
Trump Giuliani & Huckabee or Numes, Meadows and Jordan?
Sure @RudyGiuliani we believe you as much as we believe the #FakePresident.  #TrumpRussiaConspiracy #TreasonousTrump #GOPComplicit
Rudy Giuliani is incoherent.   Even his new statement meanders into the abyss.  Would you want him to be your mouthpiece?
In other words, he accidentally told the truth when he was supposed to be lying!
So it was done to preserve family yet they waited 10 years and days before the election. So nothing to do with election? Sure!
He also now understands what the underside of a bus looks like.
#clownshow
“The best people.”
Question= What kind of BS is GrandpaRudy saying today?
Rudy Giuliani is really having some sort of mental breakdown.
Well, it's happening to two of them... Trump & Rudy! YEEESSSS!!! Watching them go down is only fun extracted out of this mess!!
Oh he's so full of it!!!!!#MISSINGOBAMABIGLY!!!!! Yes I'm yelling!!!!!!!
Note to the clowns in the WH... Get your lies straight
Basically - I have no fucking idea what I am talking about.
Huh???
This is the most bizarre shit show in the history of mankind. So now the Prez’s chief lawyer now says that his understanding of the facts surrounding Stormy & slush payments are not the same as the facts of the President’s understanding , wtf man?
Bull. Shit.
Translation: "I'm off my goddamn rocker!" #resist

BS..and from where and whom did he get 'his own understanding of events'?
Ok..sure Rudy..*wink wink.
LIAR!
Lol at one of the debates Trump had 4-5 Clinton accusers in the front row. NOBODY believes this crap. Lol  “A family matter”

2 weeks on the job and still not aware of the basic facts.....good grief. Stormy, I think you’re going to destroy them...@MichaelAvenatti @SaysHummingbird @69heyjude
I wish they would rewatch The Hannity Giuliani piece b/c Hannity went to break, and when he came back he had his phone in his hand, he looking at it as he was trying to get Giuliani to walk back what he said. Trump or someone text @seanhannity .
Wah, Wah,
Well, that cleared that up?!?!
This @POTUS is very Cocky.  And I Love It 
He spits right in the faces of Everyone at @CNN & @MSNBC 
They are our enemy it’s so very true
BOT?
No, just a moron.
OH they figured Mueller had the information so the info TRUMP was Obstructing they decided they had to make known. Isn't that Obstruction? They just got caught & that doesn't erase Obstruction. It's like a hit & run. Still Guilty. Their Screwed. They all have Rolling Disclosure.
Too late - damage is done ! You proved Trump was lying! Thank you!
WHAT the hell does that mean?!?
These idiots need to sit down and get all their lies straight. 
Does that mean anything?. Just double talk!
Sounds line @realDonaldTrump had a 'Come to Jesus' talk with good 'ol @RudyGiuliani and the result was a complete new understanding of the facts.
Can he just go back whatever whole he came out of?
Bye Rudy.
We’ll, now that he knows the #AlternativeFacts it’s all good.
Translation- I told the truth now I'm trying to stuff the genie back in the bottle and keeping the lie straight.
Uh huh
Is this then a restatement?
A retraction?
An apology?
What exactly sir?
Who is supposed to believe this horse shit? @RudyGiuliani ? @POTUS ? I get the feeling that you guys would rather lie than breathe clean air.
Gibberish
Giuliani sold his soul also!!!
uh... huh?

Whatever... The story will change according to real and feared contradiction with actual fact revealed elsewhere. We know Rudy. Welcome to our world.
Another fool in the #TrumpFraud party
Huh?
RUDY LIES!
Well, now that has been lies/plained away. My head is rotating. We need an exorcism immediately.
Giuliani said he and trump are tight / sorry to inform you but darkness is about to over take you ! Already walking back your Hannity interview..did the boss tell you to apologize to Hannity?

WTF do those words mean?  Is he making a sentence?
MSNBC : ADVANCING GLOBALISM : DENOUNCES AN AMERICA AMERICA 1ST AGENDA: : UNAMERICAN : FAKE NEWS
Rudy "Backpedal" Giuliani strikes again. Heck of a job, Rudy!! 
What?
Another Dotard working with the Moron!
You liberals need to stop berating Giuliani! He's new to the President's team. He just needs a little time to get his alternative facts straight!
Everybody understand his understanding of these matters???
WTF?
Yeah.  No.  Nice try but no.  You got it right.
Stormy Daniels's lawyer said late Thursday that there were “extensive communications” between President Trump’s personal attorney Michael Cohen and Daniels's then-lawyer about the need to finalize a payment to Daniels before the 2016 election.
#AlternativeFacts
Disastrous.... for @POTUS  Reckless Rudy attempting to clean up his statements only make things worse. Just shut up
The angle of the dangle is directly proportionate to the heat of the meat as long as the mass of the ass remains constant.
if that was the case, then why didn't he just say, on Fox and Friends, "this is my understanding of the situation"? sorry, Donnie, your latest dictation effort failed again! not buying Rudy's explanation!
Same damned thing @RudyGiuliani 
Time to retire boyfriend
Giuliani in other words “I fucked up”
LIAR!!!!
And how did he come to this "understanding?"
The can’t ever get their lies on the same page which is why there is always so much back pedaling. They never learned that it so much easier to tell the truth since one always gets caught up in the lies. Truth always prevails!
Coo coo for Cocoa Puffs...
They’re a synchronized swimming team of lies, swimming in lies, badly
To quote Blazing Saddles' Olson Johnson "Not only is that authentic New York legal gibberish, it expressed a lack of courage little seen in this day and age."

The “G” in his last name stands for gobbledygook.
UM WITH MY HANDS ON MY HIPS SMDH Ok

You said what you said #RudyGiuliani...
Once you make a statement, you can't take it back. Doesn't show me any confidence in you.

Seems the fireside chat with Sean Hannity is perhaps closer to the truth.  Think I'll go with that story because Giuliani seemed to be repeating a convo he had with Trump.  Now, they don't like the Ratings from the Crazytown episode guest star Rudy Giuliani
Ha!
BS
Translation:
God these ppl couldn’t tell the truth if they were standing in front of God
No one actually believes this bullshit do they??
Don't underestimate the stupidity that resides within this country
It's shocking
He, Rudy is looking it!
Lie a little more!
That guy needs to be put out to pasture. He just looks like a fool every time he goes on TV or opens his mouth. Typical Trump spokesman.  However, let him ramble. Great information  trove for Mueller and the rest of us!
Yes, we know. This 24hr non-stop news has become very old. Tired of hearing the same damn thing around the clock.
Oh well that's all clear then?
WTF DID HE Just say? TRUMP DOUBLESPEAK?
Lies and lies tell the truth one time
Ahaha! HAH! "Oh! What A Tangled Web We Weave When First We Practice To Deceive" #liarLawyers #TrumpSwamp  #Trumpgoingdownthedrain #Americanswilllnotbedeceived
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah...!!! We got it Rudy.... you and Trump are both Liars!!!
Oh please
Blahblahblahblahblahblahblah #you’rescrewed
What a dirt bag Giuliani is
Keep talking #RudyGuliani @realDonaldTrump 

The boob squad.
Bla bla bla
In 22 hours your post garnered 400+ likes.....doesn’t that tell you something?

Like less than 500 people care about an expensive prostitute!
Back peddling.
Giuliani and Trump are the creators of fake news and alternative facts.
Just wanted to say there’s a whole planet of news going on. Please stop bombarding people with Trump and his mess. People want to see the world, not the squabbling of the rich.
LOL ..... settin you ba.....ds  up
Giuliano - just be honest if at all possible,you put your foot in it several times which was either ‘planned’ by you both and back fired or you’re mouth ran away with itself with info you overheard. Politics for you sir has ended please do not destroy the good you did in the past

I think the very definition of adding insult to injury is Trump deliberately, callously, and cruelly harming his family over and over and over again by cheating on his wife, then sending out a spokesman to say he paid off his mistresses to protect his family. *Truly disgusting*.

What a surprise! They changing the story again!

Now he wants America to give his lawyers time to catch up with his lies. This administration is insane; how are they still in the White House?
So he was told to retract his statement and to lie.
Seriously this is high school drama on a political level. Find some news.
THAT is as clear as mud. Nice try, Guliani, but no buy.
Wow. Good thing Rudy is on the case.
Uh-huh, right after publicly announcing that he represented the potus.  Sure.
Just give it up.
Lies
Ha ha ha!  And they want to be taken seriously?
Talk about backpedaling!
Good try Rudy but, the American people are NOT buying it!!!
I wonder if he’s getting leg cramps from all the backpedaling.
I can’t in my lifetime remember when a case of this import featured a judge calling the prosecutor a liar from the bench. This is a landmark moment.
Did anyone ask Rudy for a guess?  Either he is Trump's attorney & speaking on his behalf or not.  Rudy should be forewarned: like generals Flynn, McMaster, & Kelly, nothing kills your reputation faster then the Trump touch.  He's there 2 weeks & sounds senile already.  Liars all!
Huh?
How did Rudy finish law school? Are we sure he even did? He seems to know nothing about the function of a lawyer - even a 12-year-old watching TV would have progressed farther.
#Karma for every time the team accused someone else of their own criminal behaviors:
Rudy is doing damage control and only stupid are going to buy this another lie
Rudy....
Now we have two confusing weirdos we have to listen too!
Giant ass-kissing peon. His slavery is DEFINITELY BY CHOICE.
Hahaha!! This White House is truly insane.
There you go Stormy's Lawyer should understand that statment it's the same kind of crap we hear from him daily on CNN & MSNBC.
So glad Rudy would not be representing me in any case more serious than a traffic ticket...
Wha wha what??
This is what I read. "BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH!
Alternative memories
He just lost client privileges. Dumbfuck.
Geeze can these guys lie and spin any more badly? It’s ludicrous.
But as his lawyer isnt any understanding u have based on his understanding?
Goodness, really?
that was obvious and legally implied in the interview.
Sorry guys and girls Trump is here to stay MAGA
More backtracking..... I would say this president is in deep shit.

अतेन्द्रियां संचालित की टेनिगें?
अतेन्द्रियों व इससे संबंधित मन-मस्तिष्क बाहरी अंगो की वर्क संरचनाओ रसायनिक क्रियाओं पर अध्यन/इनके विकल्प व्यवसाय!
सुरक्षातंत्र के संरक्षण मे इलाज दर्शा इलाज के नजरिए दै-दे!…
So he lied....oh wait, he told the truth....that is a no no!
So sick of this story. Let’s talk about the economy and world peace!!
Cats out of the bag Rudy.
Huh?
What ever you say 

BS

He blew it. 
Trump always picks the best
Who our there would want to take on this train wreck?
What a crock!
This guy is creating more confusion...glad he joined the club...lol...
Backtrack...

They must all have sore tongues
Giuliani is the best thing to ever happen to the Trump resistance. He's single handedly completely dismantling Trump's defense.

Aaaaaaaannnnnndddddd more back pedaling!!!
Of course. Your understanding is just sad.
We have  VIDEO TAPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's Friday....Do we hear "Rudy, You're FIRED!!!"??? @maddow get ready to add another name to that board...
“Understanding” is apparently being used loosely here.

Huh?

