Of course... he needs a crowd to cheer at him when he belittles everyone... I honestly cannot believe this motherfucker is President of the United States.
Putin put this ungodly unqualified incompetent mfr in office to cause mass destruction, as he launderers  and US upnot hard to figure out 
Crazy SOB.

Donald Trump talks out of his ass more than Ace Ventura. Who else can contradict themselves in the same frig'n sentence?…
Good !
Honey, your twitter wall is nothing but retweets of James Woods and the Pizzagate guy. 
Seek help.
But you have to admit, her screen name is perfect.
Yes it is and I love my life.
Why are you so obsessed with Hillary? She lost the election, and over the course of 20 years of determined investigations by right wingnuts there has been zero evidence of any crimes. Better yet, why do you find yourself supporting a lying, sexist, vulgar adulterer in Trump?
He saved America from becoming a #Shithole.
Job growth has slowed under Trump. Inflation is rising. 3 of the biggest Mass shootings in our history happened during the first 15 months of his presidency. Nazis marched in Charlottesville. How is that MAGA?

I absolutely DEMAND to know why guns weren’t allowed into this event. @NRA has told me they make everyone safer. Why was our so-called president subjected to such unsafe conditions???
Aside from the fact Trump is a coward, the Secret Service would not allow it
Then the Secret Service is creating unsafe conditions for our beloved so-called potus!!!
What? How is keeping all guns out creating unsafe conditions?
Known as sarcasm
my bad didn't catch it.
Off script and unhinged!
Can someone please prescribe a medication to give him to shut him up for a while. It gets old hearing the rantings of an old delusional narcissist every day. Unfortunately he has done a great job of connecting with the uneducated masses, his loyal scary base
3,000 lies since taking office
Trump will be remembered as "The Great Divider".
Trumpwill be remembered as the most corrupt mfkng Illegitimate president n
I don’t know what else to say but this man is disgraceful. He keeps opening his mouth as if to say by him talking he will make the public dumber. He just keeps shouting. He is basically a bully. Here is the kicker, what’s the alternative today? Bad or worse.

This guy should not own a gun.
Oh look the Low Rating Gang took a group photo. They are a scary bunch, even though @JoeNBC is the only one that's killed somebody. Those pesky interns.
these students cut right thru the bs....and make a mockery out of DC press corps which refuses--factually--to label Trump a liar everyday
Mr. Bone Spurs, draft dodger has no right to criticize Kerry or Mueller! #DraftDodgerTrump
@realDonaldTrump COULDNT STAY ON SCRIPT IF HE WERE PAID TO DO SO. HIS BRAIN IS SO SCATTERED, HES LIKE A CHICKEN WITH HIS HEAD CUT OFF. HE FLAPS AROUND, MAINLY I BELIEVE BECAUSE HE LIKES TO HEAR HIMSELF TALK & CHANGES TOPICS TO COVER THE MANY FRAUDULENT ACTIONS HE FACES
Still better than having Hillary in the White House. I wakeup every day with a smile knowing that Hillary is not our president.
When @chucktodd blurts a wishful thinking pre-mature unvented unverified “News Report” that later turns out to be FALSE he simply responds w/ an update! Are you serious? Do you guys lie so much you’ve gotta UPDATE periodically like my iPhone? C’mon! UrAllHypocrites
Trump @POTUS is keeping his promises that America voted for,including supporting and enforcing our Founding documents as written.Thank you Mr President.
Biggest lier in history, 3001 and counting.
are we surprised?
Nothing he says is worth my time - he is a compulsive liar. He is an embarrassment to this country.
Was  Trump paying women off as he was parading Clinton's victims  at debates and who cares his opinion on his miss deeds  bottom line all of them are crimes and all of them should be investigated no witch hunt here! lock him up!
Is this a surprise to anyone?
Did he mention his Electoral College votes?
Trump is a combination of stand up routine & infomercial salesmen - a bad combination 
He is #ignorant & #arrogant 
#TrumpUnfit 
#NationAtRisk 
#GOPComplicit 
#VoteGOPOut
John Kerry? Thank you, Rachel Maddow , for your excellent coverage of Rod Rosenstein’s   (sp.) speeches
last week. Please, please MSNBC-continue to broadcast 
these instead of Sanders fake, untrue lies-news briefings.
Thank you.
And the Very Guns He Supports Were Banned From The Convention....
The President uses every chance he can to set the record straight about what's really going on in this country.
#MAGA #KAG2020
Trump, the GOP and the NRA have created a RADICALIZED conservative element in the country.

Conservative terrorists, gun owning, anti establishment white supremacists see this president justifying their violence.
Another very powerful speech.
Yeah, super powerful...
Trump should stick to the agenda given to him by the handlers, like Bush and Obama did.
OH NO. He went off script. impeach, impeach, impeach
Trump can handle multiple topics at once. Do your best to keep up . then print some more BIASED BS
It’s great that he can. But if he has to deliver a speech on a single topic, wouldn’t that annoy people are see how he might not he organized? If I had a speech about something, I would want to stay on topic, you know.
Understood. He has a lot on his plate and is aggressively approaching them I guess.  We have to try to keep up
Great speech and convention.
his speech was one great speech that people are still talking about.He hits all corners when he speaks covering all bases that the people want to here.They all this is the only way to get the truth since the media hates telling the truth
Cause he's not like the people who pay you...you know a yes man politician
The more you air this BS, the more powerful it becomes.  STOP providing the mouthpiece!
@MSNBC Impeach Trump Now
At least Trump brought up his magnigicent and historic landslide victory. As if any of us could forget? As if he would ever let us forget?
Nothing new. President is multitasking.
Proof Trump is   crazy!!!
He campaigning. Running his mouth off not making any sense and more LIES
@MSNBC     That's what great about President Trump! He doesn't have to read other people's thoughts!!
Trump must satisfy NRA greed by protecting Second Amendment/It matters not how many kids by assault rifles are killed/Trash the First Amendment 'as long as I am president'/US land with spade of lies is tilled
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Why aren’t you covering the federal judge story !
He is a maniac
War is coming to cover up Trumps, Pence, Ryan's tax cut recession...coming very soon!
#UnhingedCannibalisticPOTUS aka #TrumpChronicLiar Sucks In 30 millions from #NRABloodMoney To guarantee Americans die for corp profits. #NRA Illegally funneled Russia’s Money into Trump’s Campaign. #TrumpBlueFalcon Sociopathic narcissism Strikes again. #IndictPersecuteTraitors
Not even going to listen as it will be all lies.
Trump has to cover a variety of topics b/c the Democrat colluding, agenda driving MSM will never print a negative story on a Liberal. If Condi Rice & Bush were undermining Obozo by talking to foreign governments MSM would have been seething but with Kerry & Obama nothing. #MAGA
While it is clear the vast majority of refugees at the boarder speak Spanish. It serves Trump’s purposes as well as his inability to retain information, to lump them all in as Mexicans, even when they are not.
What the heck is that stooge Kerry doing???
Yes and once again I turned off the TV. It’s too stressful watching that crazy man

Yeah he did and that's why it was great


I think he has dementia , beginning stages.
So what?  An issue fake news network?
SAVE OUR COUNTRY AND CHILDREN
It’s called spewing garbage 
@RepTedDeutch ...The BEST PERSON to speak about Gun Control ...He knows how the NRA works!!
"THE ART OF THE LIE" http://waroncole.weebly.com 
Brokaw and layers victims seek justice where are their stories Brian Williams and NBC the metoo movement await a response. Timesup
That’s because  it is the only way trump can get the truth out on your fake news network and did he ever!
Rodge, he couldn't even get his lawyer to get his facts straight on tv. He can't even get his facts straight on camera. Says one thing one day, something else the next.

This is what a disordered mind looks like. This one belongs to the guy who has the nuclear codes. 30℅ of Americans voted for this fascist madman.
#ReapWhatYouSow
#MadmanLivesAt1600
#IDidntVoteForHim
It's called campaigning! Hillary should have tried it, she might have won...not!
#MSNBCiles
#InvestigateMSNBC
This isn’t campaigning. This is a simple speech that a president should be able to do with ease. He has to talk about one topic and one topic only. Doesn’t that say something about him and his character?
“Off script” implies that there was ever a script.
America is wounded bad from this stinking shit show of the TRUMP ADMINISTRATION if the few educated/ uneducated people that still support this orange thing can't see that then AMERICA is in DEEP TROUBLE OF BLEEDING TO DEATH, SOS AMERICA NEEDS HELP IN A BAD WAY.
POTUS D J TRUMP ISACOMPLETE  IDIOT!!!!!
Everything except what matters. Nothing new there. Tippical sadly!!!
Great as usual.
What else is new, the fraudulently elected ADHD president
I am hoping that he continued to tell the world that MSNBC is fake news!  He did?  Good. Because they are.
Go away Trump cultist....
I read he was still recapping the 2016 election... he never tires of telling his supporters how proud they should be of him!!
BREAKING: FEDERAL JUDGE Just BLASTED Crooked Mueller to the STONE AGE With SHOCKING REVELATION
VOTE TRUMP VOTE GOP VOTE AMERICA
Who said- "unhinged"??
Do your job and call out the lies and propaganda.
