Donald Trump is Donald Trump on quaaludes who needs a payment plan for 130k, because dude is crazy and BROKE.
Sorta, only I don't believe that Trump has that much money...at least legal money.
He seems to be doing just fine with taxpayer money.
Oh I’ll bet he has money’ as crooked as he is, you know he was on the take in OK for years.
trump is broke. He borrows money and says he's rich.
the entire GOP Cabinet is CORRUPT !!!!
The key word here “it seems that  they are more concerned about themselves then the nation. Compare toObama cabinet , no need to say it seems. They were crocks and anti constitutionalist
Starts at the top folks, drip dribble or flow, it starts at the top.
But then so is Donald trump
The crisis is people like this acting intelligent and poisoning people’s minds. Just moronic.
Can we lock up the thieves of our tax money now???????
…stop…you're just encouraging him…

Trump doesn't have money,
He has mortgages and lines of credit from institutions backed by Russian oligarchs.
He does have the money. Our Money!
"Appears?!?" I would use a stronger pejorative than that.
Why isn’t more scrutiny on Wilbur Ross? Bet he knows all about trump’s Russia debts. Bank of Cyprus??? Deutsche Bank? He’s got to be 10+ dirty.
This is a perfect description!
It's called the racketeering club!
#filltheswamp
Pruitt has cleaned up the EPA from the mess Obama left.More hold overs are gone and he has found fraud that went on during Obama who used them for illegal gains this is why the democrats don't want him.Obama cabinet are under doj investigation for going after trump
Blah blah blah. Stupidity at its best
was this the mockingbird media talking points for today?
Great commentary lol
Including trump himself  out for himself
What is even sadder is the Trump Supporters yelling for more abuse. NRA group yelling for Trump now at NRA conference reminds me of cows following the Judes cow to the slaughterer who’ll eat.
Truth!
Duh.
now, to be fair, he does have better hair and eyebrows
being for yourself only, as deplorable as it is, becomes totally unacceptable when the person in question takes a government position.  that's the point.  you want to be greedy AF, ok but don't pretend to serve the country.
msnbc
I wish Pruitt lived next door to me - I would have my dog  poop on his lawn
Correct me if I'm wrong but didn't @esglaude vote protest bcuz Trump was no worst than HRC? Now he not only complains but has solutions.
You just don't get it.....Quit digging up fake news about our President. You should know by now that you'll never out-do him. Stop. Enough.
Disagree. Pruitt's corruption is not even in the parking lot of the ballpark of Trumps.
Soooo.where are the crimes... big talk without a scintilla of proof..heu MSNBC .didnt Hitler start this way...you goebels at al
You're either blind or asleep... which is it?
Just playing "follow the leader"
He's a total POS
@MSNBC #FirePruittNow
NCRISIS? You should've listened to me over 40 years ago MR. Carter but what did I know I was only a kid. I listened to my father talk about a lot of things wrong but nobody wants to really fix. They just want more money for themselves while we get crumbs. No real fix oh FAKE LIFE
Ya and we have never seen that before !!
Totally true Pruitt takes vacation on our dime. The cut in regulation has not grown economy.  all it will do is cost more in health care do to damage to Air & Water. Just look at Flint. I rest my case
Democrats don’t like unemployment because they want URBAN PLANTATION SLAVES to be poor getting FREE STUFF to keep DEMOCRATS in office. 
https://yhoo.it/2HLDTfo 
MSNBC puts out a fake story about Cohen being WIRETAPPED = 1 million Liberals believing it and retweeting it = 4hours later MSNBC makes a SMALL retraction + Hatred for Trump = makes the story true (Ideology so powerful) = It's all over Social Media  as something true.
Republican Special Counsel Robert Mueller asks court for dozens of blank subpoenas. THE REPUBLICANS NATIONAL COMMITTEE OR GRAND OLD STUPID PARTY ARE CAPOT OR KAPUTT.


Ain’t that the damn truth!!!

rump's cabinet appears to consistently put personal ambitions above the needs of the country?  so that's why there is record low unemployment?  NK and SK peace?  ISIS gone?
Stephanie ruhle is drunk
Can you say "Clinton Foundation" you bunch of progressive left liars. Now that's personal ambition!
Break...it...down...PROFESSOR!!!!
Trump said he hires the best ppl 
Then he shaft us with Pruitt
MSNBC is just hitler in America
What in the hell?!
Scott Pruit is the poor Donald Trump that wants to be rich. So like Donald Trump he rips off the working class,  and poor and elderly( tax payers) #VoteThemOut
Pruitt's ambition appears to have always been to help oil companies make more profit by removing regulations put in place to protect our environment. I can't help but wonder if he isn't responsible for Oklahoma nearly shaking to bits from Frakking earthquakes.
Wild accusations with no proof... by the way...r u a earthquake expert
But, Scott Pruitt does have a cone of silence......
What an idiot, but look what he is on.
Example? Consistently puts personal ambitions above the needs of the country. Who and how?
And what ambitions are they... oh... r they illegal ... everyone does what's in their best interest even pope francis
Trump hate catches NBC in yet another MSM lie
We need more like Pruitt
Conned
Totally enlightened
Best descriptor yet!
Like joe Biden’s son?
And doing a great job...
