@realDonaldTrump im pretty sure you are freaking out
This is the DEFINITION of Obstruction of Justice and Abuse of Power.

#ImpeachTrumpNOW!

@SusanDavis

..love fighting these battles over hush payments, laundering, and treason..all on taxpayer's dime..what's not to love?


-FEDERAL JUDGE LOSES TEMPER in Manafort Hearing – Says Mueller’s Goal is to Oust Trump From Office!
Well of course his lying sloppy ass would praise that!
If he can actually STAND there!! And PRAISE a judge for trying to interfere with Mueller’s investigation!! Shame on him!!  If he has done nothing wrong!! He should have NO fear of being interviewed!! If he is Guilty!! Is the ONLY explanation in my Con’t
That Trump voice echo in this video is what I hear in my head when I go to bed at night. Painful...  

Lol more like a blue piss stream, 9 seats will be taken by repubs
Never happen and I was a republican til 2016 now an independent and will watch the GOP GET CRUSHED.
Watch and cry
Keep working on it, you come off as a simpleton, I have two employees both with degrees in psychology, they're both dumb as a box of rocks, which I'm sure you are also..thx
And we love to see you in jail
Con’t opinion for him to constantly talk as if he needs to put up prerequisites having to do with his interview!
Sounds like the rabid GOP has one judge in their pocket
I doubt the judge dismisses the case. He had to suck up to Trump so he can get a higher appointment. If he does dismiss Mueller can appeal to a court with real judges not partisan hacks.
Hope you’re right!
That judge should have thought about his statements before he blurted out such absurd statements
@realDonaldTrump  you are going to lose your battle the truth will prevail..
@realDonaldTrump don't like fighting battles, he likes crying about them on twitter hoping that his base will believe his every lie.
Trump will be our president till 2024 buckle up Bitches
Your avatar says it all! You are a perfect example of why there are so many trump-haters (besides the obvious to anyone with any iota of intelligence). Not all believers in the 2nd, walk around with an expression of constant disgust,  nor a mouth suited for the gutter.
So says the Russian troll
Why are you even broadcasting this BS?

Is he trying to influence a Federal Judge (Judge T. S. Ellis III)? Isn't that at least an ethics violation, Overreach of Power or ?  Will someone ask Judge Ellis about this?
The judge may very well come back and rule against Manafort, and in favor of Mueller. At which point, Trump will denounce the judge as crooked, a Democrat, a Hillary supporter, or anything else he can pull out of his ever-widening ass.
Looks like Soros let loose the 22 follower bots today to lift a whine to the heavens over having found an honest (not appointed by Obama) judge.

LOL Manafort
crappy little putin troll.
IMPEACH INDICT IMPRISON NOW!

Is that judge on Trump's payroll? Maybe ask Cohen?
What the hell does this have to do with the NRA?

Well u nimrods praise the federal leftist armchair legislative judges.  Why can’t he do the same?
Of course the judge know Trump guilty why will he say that they was trying to get him if he didn't do anything, this judge just want the inside scoop of what's going on, Trust: once he see this memo Manafort is toast.nobody like the unknown.
Where is sessions the wimp
Bullies love to fight, don't they Trump?
No, bullies love to threaten to fight. They usually end up being cowards, once they feel a little pain.  Just like trump.
Is this judge one Trump appointed? With judges like her/him...? Pretty bias. The law is what matters, not this judge's opinions of what she/he thinks.  Check the microwave is this judge's chamber.I smell a microwave camera, a Witch Hunt, AF abt to explode all over this courtroom
The judge is a Reagan appointee from 30 years ago and is African American.
Ok, not a Trump appointee. That's saying something, maybe. But, what does his race have to do with anything? Unless, of course, it's being implied Trump appointed whites only. I dunno, just a hunch.
I have read MANY tweets in the last hour calling the judge a racist Trump lover or demanding that the judge be investigated because he is on Trump’s payroll. So when I answered your question I gave all the info I knew.
Understandable. You answered the one question I had about the judge. I was, curious that's all.
Don’t fret. Your time is coming.
I thought the Republicans didn’t like activist judges? Oh I see, they only don’t like them when they disagree with them.
Federal judge accuses Mueller's team of 'lying,' trying to target Trump: 'C'mon ma
Big praises for federal judge ellis
A federal judge on the Manafort case laid into Meuller for lying and bring a case that was dismissed in 2006.Accused him trying to find any thing to be used to impeach him.Boy was the judge http://correct.It  was not about Russia it was about impeachment
No
It's a clear abuse of power by mueeler. Mueeler is not above the law.
Trump is Boss!
And I hope this battle will be one you will lose your sorry self in.
When You Had Your Chance To Go & Fight in a Battle,You Went " Missing, You Draft Dodger"!
IDIOT
Federal Judge Ellis' political remarks re: Mueller and the Manafort case, Trump having a rally for the NRA where he just happens to bring up the judge's remarks. Coincidence of timing?  Or was this all a planned production?  Something reeks of rat.
Ryan and the GOP legislators have and continues to TEAR this wonderful Country to shreds .........................................
The most danger this monster can inflict on our country for generations to come are the extreme right wing judges he’s appointing. You cheer now wait until a love one goes before the court
Trump: CNN is fake news dont read or wat h anymore!
2 minutes later: let me read this great article they wrote about a judge in virginia

Wow the judge obviously voted for Trump and was probably contacted by someone related to him
Sounds like he is trying to influence the courts. America should be scared, President s usually don't do this.
Almost as much as I love non-disclosure agreements
Catch and Release. A lot like Catch and Kill right? Counting the women you slept with, on how many hands to catch and kill the story? Sure proves your stamina. Truly stunning genes, sperminator.
"MAKING DISCOVERED LIES INTO LYING TRUTHS" ...
Federal judge he bribed no doubt!
This is awesome
See what broadcasting this news did gave him bs talking points with his base getting them hating on the other side cause more division stop making him stronger
Mr. President The Fight Has Just Begun!We Americans Want To Know The Extent Of Your Involvement With the Russians in The 2016 Elections&Your Attempt To Obstruct Justice Like A Dictator!We Do Know ThatOver 11 People From Your Trump Campaign Talked With Russians Connected To Putin!
He got you
What does this have to do with the nra? And who paid off the judge? Maybe guiliani will tell us.
Hey someone check it out and see if trump or someone on his team reach out to this judge..  humm seems suspicious
"THE DEATH OF DEMOCRACY" http://waroncole.weebly.com 
@realDonaldTrump You couldn't make a coherent, off-the-cuff, speech if your life depended on it! Who wrote that for you, not that I listened to what you said- I never do?
Trump's tired campaign speech is stale.
but anyway, the fanatics at this NRA event are almost the only ones left that take this moron serious. it’s the majority of his base.
Next SUPREME COURT JUDGE nominee?!!!
was this federal judge appointed by the moron?
Terrorist in Chief needs these moments like a Diabetic needs InsulinNauseating truly stomach churning.
This man is an embarrassment to the office of President of the US.  I’m disgusted and concerned about what his presidency means for our country.
Means lowest unemployment in 30yrs, means denuclearization of North Korea, means lower taxes,means fairer trade deals, means more money in 85%of households, means protecting our 2nd rights....shall I go on ?
Somebody give me a heads up when this ASSHOLE is off the air, and to all the networks shame on you! The only way to get back at the NETWORKS is for Democrats to massively turn off the TV when this waste of human skin is holding a rally.
@MSNBC Mueller Has The Power
Hot damn, #Vietnam.......
WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYY?????
DO YOU ALLOW tRUMP TO POISON OUR PEOPLE BY CONTINUING TO GIVE HIM ALL THE FREE TIME HE NEEDS TO SPREAD HIS FILTHY PROPAGANDA???
I'D MUCH RATHER WATCH @AliVelshi and all other regular programs!

Interesting. We hope you'll use competent journalists this time to report the truth that @POTUS is making good headway for the USA. Well Mueller is a democrat party person with his marxist leaning team of democrats doing guistappo style tactics, abuse of authority. HSBC coverup
NOW Y’ALL HEARD IT FROM THE TEXAS HORSES ASS PRESIDENT DONALD JOHN TRUMP PROMOTING MORE WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION AR-15 M- 16 & AK -47 SEMI AUTOMATIC RIFLES FULL METAL JACKETS ALONG WITH TEXAS UNITED STATES SENATOR RAFAEL ‘TED’ EDWARD CRUZ.
The mouth strikes again.
Guess that FEDERAL JUDGE DOESNT REALLY KNOW WHAT AMERICANS WANT anymore than the MEDIA or CONGRESS does. We WANT SPECIAL COUNCIL & FEDERAL JUDGES KEEPING THEIR POLITICAL VIEWS OUT! He is probably older than hell too and has dementia.

You won’t be so lucky !!!!
NO!!! We don't want to watch this lying spewing his hate speech. If you MUST show things like this, then cut the feed when he goes off-script!! Y'all are just catering to him and all the nasty BS he's about. #EnoughTrump #MSNBC
Not but thanks.
You are fake news 
.@realDonaldTrump In that case, you’re REALLY going to enjoy what’s left of your failing presidency!
WHY ARE YOU COVERING THIS????   It’s because of your nonstop fascination with this MENACE that he is the President!!  YOU caused this catastrophe!  YOU and your incessant obsession!!!  Go interview a Democrat for Christ Sake!!

#KeepAmericaGreat 
I never watch him.  However. I am watching listening showing myself what a lying hypocrite bigot racist 45 really is for America.
He is right now diving off the deep end.  Boy I pray there is no water in the cement deep pool.
This little tidbit should be shown to the judge and bring up to Ethics Committee about the judge. This judge should recuse herself for his self for the show of partisanship in layman's terms he's on the payroll
You are accusing an African American judge appointed 30 years ago by Reagan of being on Trump’s payroll.
First statement out of her mouth is all about Mueller's investigation damn right
Its the lying leftist @MSNBC show, I think some of the people who work there are on drugs also, just look at this person below
That's because the federal judge hasn't seen all the evidence FBI Mueller has against you especially the conspiracy one!!!!
Who is that judge! Manafort is a thief!
Judge TS Ellis of Virginia. Appointed 30 years ago by Reagan and he is African American.
OMG a black judge! Wonder how MSM is gonna call him a racist and a Trump supporter!
Pass
Trumps days coming.
Y’all are obsessed.

You do know other news is worth covering?

Trump is a jerk. Yeah. 

We get it.
He thinks he sooooo tough! I can't even listen to this...it must be hilarious. Also, you shouldn't be broadcasting it. This is Trash TV!
The Zombies are coming to take our guns.
Nobody is coming to get your gun! FREDO.
@realDonaldTrump Keep talking!
There you have it, an entire room that voted for this disgrace    They will do it again.  Register and Vote and stop this embarrassment
Just like the election, get out and vote hahaha
Oh my ever loving Lord!!  How is this remotely OK?!   He's obstructing justice again, by giving the judge a thumb's up for being skeptical of Mueller's investigation. Didn't he just say this morning that he'd be happy to interview with him?
Go ahead - BOOK MARK this PLEASE!!! It will be a great 're-use' when the judge can't find ANY LOGICAL and LEGAL reason to throw out those charges against Manafort.

You can pass the Kool-aid now, the NRA folks will drink it!
Why in the world is he talking about this; he's just an idiot.
Everybody should turn the TV off now!1....2....3
Hold on to your britches!!!  That praise just MAY turn into sour milk if (and when) that federal judge side with Mueller in the end.  Trump changes with the direction of the wind, and we ALL know that.
The asshole that found his true perch to chirp on. 

Chirp chirp you doe doe bird.

Talking orange parrot.
Why is he talking about a Federal Case of pne of his ppl and adding his own opinion/praise? This has to be wrong!
Funny how that Judge uses the same words and tone as Trump and Giuliani. I wonder how much was funneled to him? Mueller knows what he is doing. Now, everyone knows what the judge is doing too.
———-

LIAR IN CHIEF.  

————
But none of these people have their guns. How will they be safe?!
Isn't this lying POS supposed to be speaking about NRA-related subjects?? Why is he giving a political rally-style speech?? Oh, that's right, bc the ONLY thing Trump knows how to talk about is his own sleezy self.
This @POTUS is very Cocky.  And I Love It 
He spits right in the faces of Everyone at @CNN & @MSNBC 
They are our enemy it’s so very true
Sorry @MSNBC I had to turn your unnecessary @realDonaldTrump speech off and turn it to Empire Strikes Back.  Vader's voice doesn't make me puke.  You lose viewers when you show him for longer than a couple mins.  It makes people physically ill to look at him. Please stop.
It takes my breath away that we have a President that speaks like this it's incredibly disturbing


Lol, I thought this was an NRA speech....
Trump is very stupid!!!
That judge sounds like a typical right-wing nut job.  With some people, you can give them an education but you can't make them wise or intelligent.
Yes, he does. It is only telling the truth and acting like a grown-up he does not like.
The objective:  "Though Ellis did not rule on the matter on Friday, he did ask Dreeben for a full, unredacted version of the memo that made clear the special counsel's mandate." He should recuse himself for playing politics.
I'm sure glad he loves it. He'll be fighting these battles until the day he gets thrown out of the WH.

Democrats Russia fbi corruption. 
Coming soon
The surprise they thought would never happen
Remember OBOZZO told ya elections have consequences
He still going to get you donny
give it some time and we'll see this judge get the #rosenstein treatment from @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @HouseGOP  & @SenateGOP
"MAKING DISCOVERED LIES INTO LYING TRUTHS" ...

He could say he just shit himself and these morons would cheer .
Had to change the channel...he is nauseating!
Trump can con the judges 

Trump is running out of time.
While, privately, he cries himself to sleep alone in his bed with empty Diet Coke bottles and McDonald’s cheeseburger wrappers.

The only thing under siege with this dumbfuck of a president is our system of justice. #resist
I seriously can not listen to him! Have to mute the tv.... all lies anyway
Miserable Drama Queen.

Much love...from Trump. My jaw dropped open when the Judge issued those comments.
i also said that did mean the charges were illigitmate

Everyone needs to simmer down re: Judge Ellis' statement in the Manafort case. I was b4 him once and he grilled me b4 ultimately finding in my favor. https://twitter.com/goodlittletiger/status/992451410909425669 …
