How do you know anything if your  former Agent? Isnt Cia work secret
A CIA deep state douchebag who wants to be president.......uh......no thanks.
Brennan who was the head of the CIA used this to get fisa warrants for wire taps of trump towers and Carter Page.He abused his http://position.New  report is coming from the IG and it will expose more we see more fbi and doj quitting
Why is there no mention that this is the creep who gave the fake Russian dossier to McCain, who then leaked it to the press? This guy is a LOSER.
I’m just appalled people can’t see this!
more lies from your network. the real story is Judge T.S. Ellis III might be on the verge of bringing lawful accountability to Robert Mueller's witch hunt against @POTUS @realDonaldTrump. This is welcome news. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/05/04/federal-judge-accuses-muellers-team-lying-trying-to-target-trump-cmon-man.html … … #AZ05
You mean former CIA operative and well known Trump hater?
BS...
Failed deep-state presidential candidate.
When will they uphold the law??
Evan stinks
Remember. - Before Trump, there were honourable people in the U.S. Government. - Now, they are lost under the Trump Garbage.
No we want an Honest DOJ. Not a weaponized one. TickTock. Corruption will end!
He and his team are racketeering...they don't want any laws... they don't want  anything to do with Police, FBI, CIA...and the rule of law...the Republicans are no long the upholders of the arm of the law...that ship has sell!
I hope they have the fortitude and integrity to withstand these attacks because I feel this is American democracy’s only chance.
Where is Evans campaign money?????

Well, that’s good to know!  Now, how about the GOP and the President?
alot of us know that Trump is literally DESTROYING America,
and we just watch, doing nothing.For a long year and a half.
If that’s the case Mr McMullin why haven’t they released the documents requested by congress.The FBI & the DOJ have been working with the Democrats to over throw our President, are you really that dense. Did u ever hear of the phony dossier. Loser! @realDonaldTrump @maruantunano
@TheJusticeDept WE'RE BEHIND YOU ALL 1000%.  We feel your pain, we stand behind you all and we honor your service to do what's right.  DO NOT DESPAIR.  Let our voices reach your ears every moment of the day and comfort you all in this struggle for truth.  WE'RE WITH YOU!
Fake news cia fbi irs are helping civer up crimes of obama clinton an soros they r bribed by soros americans arent stupid clintins commit murder an treason fbi rule no foul play suicide w gun shot back of head lol fake news overhaul the fbi !99%sickoffbi
Do you even acknowledge how this Russia shit even started ? Come on man !!!
To many members of the intelligence community are comprised by the pseudo media and so called press for ulterior motives .a massive purge is in order more military personnel should be employed
-PITTER PATTER GOES MY HEART
Hence the word former geez guys you still reaching? Lol. We want people to work in the government with the highest and upmost integrity what is wrong with that and following by the rule of law!  Is that so hard to understand?
It seems that any fine person that the Trump cloud puts a shadow over, ends up resigning from their career dream job, that they were excellent doing, to get far away from the disgusting Trump cloud. It's true what my grandmother use to tell me, one rotten apple spoils the rest.
Meanwhile Republicans in Congress plan a vote to obstruct justice by threatening impeachment of Rosenstein if he refuses their efforts to access FBI evidence within an ongoing investigation.
Drain the Swamp
They should feel attacked because it's time to clean house and remove all the corruption both in the leadership and career upper management.
We have a potus & some members of the @GOP asking the heads of law enforcement to break the law! Disgraceful! #FactsFirst #FactsOverFeelings #RuleofLaw
That odd, since it's the FBI & CIA along with Fake News constantly attacking @POTUS and yet he still is kicking every1s ass from noon to sundown.  Geezz hope I don't get droned 
its a fricking parody! Its HAS to be!!!
They r being attacked. Trump is doing to them what he is doing to the press.He's criminalizing both so ppl won't believe them when they reveal his crooked ways. It's working with his base but not working with most ppl. He has a history of being a con man and has his base conned.
Yup but we're not going to let him
@MSNBC Wow
Oh Wow, you found a naysayer, doubtless most of the rank and file believe differently. Even the blind MSNBC finds a nut once in a while. More Anti-Trump BS
Then build them up!
About time ur catching on
“Hail Hydra!”
- A Trump Affiliate
Our CIA was arming terrorists, including Al Qaeda, in Syria & Libya. Trump ended the program a year ago, and you reported it as more proof that he's in with the Russians.
#IdiotDems
DeepState Crybabies
CIA ?? CIA ?? Your #FAKENEWS should worry about the FBI and the DOJ  under BARRY. You distract from what is important. The CIA is not in this fold..
Everyone knows you are #FAKENEWS. You LIE to American Citizens. You preach, false PROPAGANDA.. You are dangerous to the well being, of the U.S.A..
I REALLY DONT THINK ORANGE MAN WANTS TO BE A DICTATOR. WHY? PEOPLE WILL BE CRAZY ENOUGH TO TAKE CRAZY STEPS TO END IT BEFORE IT BEGINS. THIS AINT RUSSIA. THIS AINT NORTH KOREA NOR VENEZUELA. SO U CANT TAKE THAT CRAP ELSEWHERE.
Their feelings are hurt?
There’s that Rule if Law thing the the Libs look the other way on when it comes to illegal immigrants
That's why this guy is former cia cause he sucks!!!!
Really? Actually he's former CIA because he resigned to do more things including run for President. He had an impeccable reputation while a part of the CIA.

They are being attacked every single day because he knows they know who he is!
what a WATER HEAD!
No one's above the law. Period. A lie is a lie. DT would go after Anyone if they caused these lies. He's two faced.
(((Cough)))) (((bullshit))))
When @POTUS is talking smack about the FBI & DOJ, he's not talking about rank & file. he is clearly talking about the political heads of the FBI.
Clearly he is not. Clearly he will smear anyone so he can try to save himself because he’s a low life criminal and a traitor
Clearly Bet P you are dead wrong.
Clearly Bet P is absolutely correct
How many time has @realDonaldTrump has said only the 7th floor, maybe u need the wax $hit removed from your ears.
Bet P is 100 percent wrong.
Bet P should retire from twitter.
BS.  There was corruption in all departments under Obama,  We just want it cleaned up from career politicians and career Fed employees.
Boo-hoo
