What’s with the Deliverance banjo music in the background? This reads like an SNL digital short that didn’t make the cut. Not a good look for “West Virginia People”
If the media dig deeper we’ll find some skeletons hidden in the closed . Rep fooled people once but not twice
Hey have you heard how well the economy is doing? And how low the unemployment is do to President Trump? ( for all skins colors ) And how the tax cuts are working. Loved more money in my pockets. You don't have to like the President but he is working hard for the American People.
You can't fool me.
That is straight up Mr. Whipple.
Mitch should be gone but we don’t need Blankenship to replace him.
Republican Don Blankenship is a Racist, there I fixed the headline for you.

The new Pablo Escobar running for the Russian congress.
@MSNBC Vote Blue
I don't like this guy- but I don't like MM, either...I say let him rip.
Don't have none of those in WV.
What is that thing?
Such a tough choice...maybe you should just skip this primary & vote for Joe Manchin in November.
Sorry, I issued an apology today for idiotically asking people to move to West VA to vote for Joe Manchin!
Dear Twitterers,
A few days ago, while trying to poke fun at the KY primary between McConnell & Blankenship, I suggested that voters choose Joe Manchin instead. I sheepishly…

"@NBCNews had to correct its bombshell of a report that ended up being a bomb."

WATCH: @KellyannePolls' full interview on …
Did anyone else notice this guy almost never blinks? Could he be a Japanese android? Nah... Their robots look more human!
Blankenship residence is in Nevada and he pays his taxes there. How can a man that lives and resides in  Nevada run for the Senste in West  Virginia?
MM and Another Don...the best the GOP has to offer
When you back a criminal named Clinton, you have no credibility msnbc.
I don't feel bad for Cocaine Mitch.
The sad truth is that in 2018, you need to use racial slurs in campaigns to attract the Trump/tea-party/inbred base. He's doing what he has to do.
Good! The republicans deserve these type of candidates
Yep, he's a winner
What a lively little number isn’t he ! Oh my gosh  
The GOP has really hit the lottery with their candidates. Seems to be Trump’s mini-me.
No more Republicans, please, we've had enough of them to last a lifetime! VOTE DEM!
#FREAKSHOWFRIDAY
#Bittersweet

This country is third world. Thanks Trump, you sure have made America ‘greater’.
I remember a time in America when people like this were the wacky fringe, with comedian, clowns, and freaks, but the Trumpification of America has made it the norm.
He is truly the persona of an evil person that is just like trump.
Sorry but anyone who attacks McConnell can't be all bad. McConnell made Obama's whole 8 years hell.
Right, but don't make that your entire reason for voting for someone.
Not voting for him. But he's making McConnell's life miserable. He deserves that.
Sure, totally agree.
Nothing says bigot better than derogatory slang and then defending it
#WV citizen here. Please don’t judge all of us based on @DonBlankenship’s obvious insanity and criminality.
We don’t.
Mitch is only at risk if Blankenship sends him into one of Blankenship’s coal mines 
Notice that anyone msnbc likes and defends, are undocumented Democrats. McConnell, McCain, Flake,.....
ROTFL!  "Roy Moore" + prison record = Don Blankenshi*-for-brains ....  ;-)
Blankenship is the perfect face for the Modern Republican Party.
So weird
Love this commercial
You have to learn what periods and commas are for..
That would require some education and intelligence, that is too much to ask of some in America.
#ShitShow
Rhino apples!  Everybody get your spoons!  The democrats get the big pieces!
#NeverRickScott
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
This is such an SNL skit! Jesus Christ  - Republicans are crazy as Hell.
Mitch needs to go along with pelosi
