Mueller and the SDNY have a lot on Stone.  They need to show that Trump was aware of what Stone did on behalf of Trump.
I heard he will NEVER be offered any plea deal 
& that Roger Stone & Trumps kids will be last!
Yay..
I’m a hardcore democrat and to be honest I’m losing faith. This special counsel has had years with unlimited sources to find collusion with no results? I think I’m starting to believe there was no collusion but if that’s true does it mean the democrats are lying?
I'm certain you are not a Democrat, hardcore or otherwise.
Special Counsel has had years? He was appointed in May of 2017.
Years, months, days. Point is he’s had unlimited resources of the richest country in human history. If an autistic person can hack NASA at will in less than a day then I wonder what is taking so long on Russia collusion?
How do you know they haven't found anything?  Lemme answer that for ya.  They have -- and they're saving it for last  
How do I know they haven’t found anything? Because they would’ve put Trump in the guillotine and held his lifeless head live on CNN if they did have something on it.
You must be too young or unfamiliar with the Nixon watergate downfall. The break-in  happened in the summer of '72 and it took until the fall of '74 to run that cheap punk out of D.C. And how much more complicated and nefarious is this nightmare. Chill. Mueller' s on the job.
Carl Jung says those who subtlety brag about their older age are also racist since both schools of thought come from the same center of the brain. Are you one of those racists I keep hearing about on the CNN?
I would bet they have a lot on this creep!  He only appeals to the extreme right base and a few personal creepy friends.  I would bet his hand has been in this web spinning for a decade.  Him going to prison would be delightful.  #RogerStone #FBRParty #FBR
The Washington organized crime family.
but what about Ivanka when is she going to be questioned or is she a target of an investigation
Roger Stone aint gettin no dang deal- #rotinjailRoger
Maybe his Nixon tattoo was predicting his future.
Another giant piece of legal news you in your nitwits fail to address that redacted page you held up is why Congress is moving to impeach Rod Rosenstein he's refusing to give them that document I pray to God Trump steps in and writes this disgraceful pathetic obvious obstruction
The world has been waiting for Stone to be named as a POI. So why hasn’t anyone (legit journalists) mentioned him for weeks/months?
Enough reporting about Roger Stone. He needs to be indicted and convicted.
Why does MSNBC not cover the political issues? Iowa not making huge attack on abortion rights. Us China trade talks with no agreement.And no reports on how his polls have gone up? With no concern about how and why? We are so screwed and you guys are helping as you did in 2016
This republican judge is going to try stop mueller
Stone is a real scoundrel, he relishes his lawlessness and lack of ethics.  He's slipped up numerous times, dropped a lot of breadcrumbs
Ari, man. You're relying on a thing designed by Trump defenders. A lot of people & things aren't on that "list" Mueller never wrote.
I can’t wait...    there’s no way he can do his little dance for mueller and not get popped for telling lies
Missing a few ,1 born  in the crime family @IvankaTrumpand,
  working for the crime family .ex @Hope Hicks
 @KellyannePolls 
So basically through the process of elimination, according to arbitrary guidelines you made up, you inferred a bunch of stuff that concluded, no real information. Gotcha
If you need someone to do all the thinking for you, there’s always Fox News.
I just want them to think. Like even a little. And a Fox News story killed my gold fish. So go somewhere else with your micro aggressions
Russian trolls
@amjoyshow ... JudicialWatch IMPEACHMENT orders for President Hillary R. Clinton for meeting with FOREIGN agents on American soil in Trump Tower @JudicialWatch
If you're a high ranking official and you haven't been questioned yet by Mueller's team, you're a target of the investigation
D last.1 n always.squill
Stone is not being question by Meuller.This is all a lie.The judge yesterday went off on Meuller for lying and not telling the truth when it came to Manafort.He said he is only using Manafort to get to Trump.Made him show proof of the unfettered power.
Isn’t kind of desperate to spend your weekend shilling for a man who sold out his country for money?
HAY!! how about a list of all the GOP that back Trump.
I would like to vote agains them .
and the kingpins are usually the last -- DJT  (and VP Pence?) to come eventually ---
Those who as not been questioned are clearly target.
You are the best in your game!
I forget, what's the point?
@MSNBC one word to describe Ari Melber is BIHG.
The mainstream media have lost its touch on the truth. What happen to innocent until proven guilty. I could not believe that journalism will be attack by the people that shld protect it. When the lies are twisted & becomes the truth. And the audience are fixated to the narrative.
And when you lift up Stone you'll probably find @mattgaetz 
You're a goner in 2018, buddy.
Ivanka & Jarod are in a special category why??? They have been working in official capacity. You can't just say she was my daughter when she is/was representing his "brand" & the American people at the same time...it's super shady!  and Jarod  ugh
U F* IN YOUR HEAD OR
There is so much corruption in Mueller's investigation that no trust in any so evidence that they have created.
-Judge in Manafort Case BLASTS MUELLER SPECIAL COUNSEL on lawless “Unfettered Power”
FINALLY! A Judge that believes in our constitution & our laws! 
Thank you Judge Ellis for calling out Mueller & his lying prosecutors out in the Paul Manafort case!
bot
it's called "El Ultimo Pendejo" Ari, wachala va salpicar!

A federal judge on Friday harshly rebuked Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s team during a hearing for ex-Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort – suggesting they lied about the scope of the investigation. …
You guys are getting desperate and more pathetic
Any evidence yet of collusion?  BTW, when is Stormy going back to work?  Will you be watching?
Yes, Stone, who has no Russian connection, certainly seems to be central to an investigation unable to connect Trump to Russia in any way.
"COULD"

Thats reporting? 

A meteor COULD hit us now. 

COULD.
Why don’t you cover how the people don’t care anymore lol Post that poll.
Enough talk. Put his ass in jail for treason already. Done.
@TheBeatWithAri Roger Stone Belongs In Jail
He could also be a target, and thereby not likely to be interviewed under DOJ guidelines.
I so hope Stone saw/sees this. Brava to Karen Hunter's comments...and Ross, gurl, a print or polka dot!? ps- And Ari, the new scruff...woof.
Roger Stone is a "work of art".  Roger Stone has been a liar for years.  When Roger Stone used his grandparents for an excuse is the all-time classic move.
