



OK.
Now do Planned Parenthood.

$500 Million from taxpayers to Planned Parenthood
$300 million gets laundered back to pro abortion Democrats

@NRA Zero Deaths of American Children Annually
@PPact 320,000 American Children Killed and Dismembered Annually

You're a scumball Ali
I guess if planned parenthood can donate using our tax payers dollars the NRA can donate to the republicans.Soro's spent 1 billion on Hillary's campaign is this legal.Soro's is spending millions on democrats running for office is this legal
Laundered Russian money?
What is that compared to planned infanticide?  Asking for the dead babies they murdered!
Do unions next !!
@MSNBC Boycott @NRA
And how much did Planned Parenthood spend? Oh, excuse me, they shouldn’t have spent ANY since they are “taxpayer funded!”
Soros spends $900 million annually through his various socialist outlets! Soros is a psychopath hell bent on the globalist anti constitution agenda
So?  Free country right?  You know, the second amendment and all.
"The NRA's political action committee spent $53 million in Russian laundered cash on elections nationwide in 2016. "

There - fixed it for ya'.
How much did @PPact spend?  I’ll wait...
And how much did planned parenthood contribute? They are responsible for more deaths yearly at their hands than any othe
Ali, The NRA hides it's political contributions by not giving to the politicians they favor, but by funding hit ads & campaigns against their opponents. That is why the $$ given to a certain politician often doesn't look like much. Keeps people from searching who they give $ to.
Lol.. sorry ..
That's not really how the law works..
Nice try tho
Libs lose another.
Guess who's stronger then the
@NRA ??

That's right!
#ParklandStudents 
#NeverAgainMovement
@cameron_kasky @Emma4Change @davidhogg111 
@JaclynCorin 
@funkpuncher
Planned Parenthood Entities Spent Over $38 Million to Elect Democrats in 2016 and receive half a BILLION a year from taxes. How much from taxes does the NRA receive? NONE.
Money out of elections!!!
and I will send them more

What’s more important is breaking news you fail to report on Judge Ellis excoriating Mueller 4 hrs ago in the Manafort court hearing. Why no MSNBC comment
He is a talking head and knows nothing other than to repeat the lies he is fed. True insiders are not on tv. Pretend insiders are.
Was going to say “Fall and hit your head too much as a child” But that would be too kind. Your tweet makes absolutely no sense
And yet they still don't even come close to what Nazi-sympathizer Soros gives Democrats.
-Does Joy Reid Remember This?… MSNBC Host PUBLISHED Hateful Homophobic “SpongeBob” Screed in 2005
And let's talk about how they don't pay taxes with the same exemptions churches claim.
We trust the NRA unlike the MSNBC Fake News!
Now do Planned Parenthood...
So they spent 3,314,816,100 Rubles?
Lying leftist @MSNBC wouldn't know what a fact was if it bit them in the ass all day long, and rumor has it that lying leftist @MSNBC are having wild drinking parties while they are on air
I think drugs are involved also
Subtotal for Parent (nbc) Comcast Corp: $4,242,000
Just think if all that money went to Public Schools.
That is what should be done
The most bizarre group of people who think democrats want to take their guns from them. As if Democrats don’t have guns them selves. Not my monkeys not my circus #NRA
NRA=Blood Money & Dark Money
USA doesn't need NRA to protect our 2A
Corrupt, Political, Threat to Society - End NRA
.. and you just gave them an hour or more free broadcast time. So much for #Resistance. 
There's nothing wrong with being a responsible gun owner and exercising your second amendment rights. America is still a free country, we don't support socialism or communism or Fake News like MSNBC!
That’s more than double than they’ve ever spent before, yet membership hasn’t really gone up. How could that be?
Next do Planned Parnethood
One wonders how much of the $53M was funded by Russia.  They should change their name to the Russian Rifle Association

And how much did #MSNBCiles give to Hillary? See, that's the real problem! 
#InvestigateMSNBC
Right right, now do planned parenthood’s donations. Or the union. Or any other special interest group in America. Least the NRA gets its money through like minded individuals donating. Not from taxes or forced labor dues.
Don’t forget #AIPAC $$$
When you say NRA we say Russia.
How much did Planned Parenthood spend?
Planned Parenthood spent 239 million on the election.
Wait did you just imply that people are afraid of the NRA?  
What exactly are you implying?
Yep and that is just pennies compared to Soros Groups.
Because some have pushed extremely hard against the 2nd Amendment, I have chosen to join the NRA. The more the left continues to push against our rights, the more free people will push back.
How's Pennsylvania in general if you don't mind my asking?
As far as applying for a conceal/carry permit... it's good. They do background checks and you fill out a form that is sent in. They do this to get the permit and to buy a handgun. I wish it was nationwide accepted. I hope that's what you were asking.
No i meant life in general. But yeah thats interesting too
The wife and I are doing great! We do have some small problems with politics, but that's normal. We live in a predominately 'Blue' area of the state. I respect their opinions. I don't say what mine are. LOL!
Ah yeah thats a shame that you feel that you cant express yourself in your area. I'd hope the "blue" around you would be very open to you simply being you. Guns are simply scary to people though haha. My gf's family owns a few so i know what its like to have them around
Guns don't scare me. It's some of the people that own them that scare me. Not everyone needs to own one. I understand what you are saying.

Planned parenthood contributes just as much to Democrats.
How much was Russian money?
So Russia wants US citizens better armed or more represented for the right to guns? 
Russians want Europe. Donald will help them get it for a personal compliment, and a hand job, if he’s lucky. Trump is a traitor to the United States of America. He will be tried as such.
Ohhhhh gotcha. Yea that makes sense....
I am the nra
Why don’t you do the public a favor and list all the PAC’s from both parties and the amounts not just what you decide is news to fit your agenda.
Is that a lot or a little compared to other special interests?
So
