Not that either of these individuals--or the limo "liberals" in Chestnut Hill-- would fare that the average African-American family in Boston has a net worth of $6.
Yes Peter. That is their fault....fix the 75% fatherless rate you fix the problem.
Just so "CRAZY"
Oh and don't forget the brain trust of diamond and silk.
What, he went from 1 to 2?
Responsible African Americans support President Trump. No interest in Obamaphones.
Lies
Riiiiiight, because tRump is soooo known for his unwavering ability to tell the truth.
How anyone of color can still support the bigot is astounding. Especially women!
Trump just lying as usual. If anything Kanye lost his own black supporters.
When you double 1 you get 2...
4 - Silk and Diamond
No you didn’t, dreaming as always
Racist president!
Foul balls always land in foul territory
Kenye only true power is he's dumber than the "Prevaricator and Chief" Dummy Trump.
This AGAIN delineates both of their ignorance of how this works
a perfect union of rudeness and arrogance
Now @realDonaldTrump has the support of TWO....@kanyewest and his "African American over there"...

So much #Dragonpower from another #grifter trying to promote his  music.
From 1 to 2?
LIAR!!! STOP LYING SO MUCH-

Trump is full of...himself and shit! 
They deserve each other. They’re both legends in their own minds.
From 0 to 1.
Yup, from one African American to two!
If anything, Kanye LOST his "African"-American poll numbers.
What poll?

The Daily Caller is not a real news source. This is the biggest problem we have. Don’t just believe what you want to believe. Check the damn source. Otherwise, you are part of the problem.
The daily caller just printed the poll

LEFT LEANING REUTERS CONDUCTED THE POLL...
Please read, it helps
I see that you're right about that poll and it also states that two other polls did not agree. Regardless, those black men whose approval increased because Kanye said so are an embarrassment.
Notice that black women went from 9% to 17% also, but
Thank you for your SEMI apology 
Good talk
That was his reason for using this idiot...
From 1 to 2
Right, to 2.
Trump wants a gang war so he can become law and order president again.
Two times zero is still zero.
Look, not to belittle my mental illness...
But these 2 MFR'S both are in some serious need of serious intervention! CRAZY KNOWS CRAZY!!! just saying...
So it went from Ben Carson to Ben Carson and Kanye! It did double!!
I have three black coworkers and none of them like Trump.
Yeah I don't know any who like him either and I have a lot of black friends and work with quite a few who not one likes him or feels he's done anything for the community. Go figure.
Yeah, ok. I got this bridge, I wanna sell ya! #FakePoll for a #FakePresident.  I'd like to know which area codes and zipcodes they used to poll those "African-Americans." #TrumpPropaganda.
You are so right-nothing but lies. People don't turn that quickly and last time I heard-Kanye is a fool to most ppl, just like fake prez
Trump and Kanye are two unstable non-geniuses cut from the same ignorant cloth.
My current fave.... #perfectmarriage


News flash @kanyewest is not news worthy tabloids & entertainment only stop pandering to reality TV @realDonaldTrump give us real news
If I die today, I can honestly say that I never heard a Kanye West song!!!
What a f'ing racist thing to say there, dumpster. @POTUS
@kanyewest<-- why are you letting him use you like that? There couldn't be enough $$$ in the world.
.000002 isn't that much better than .000001.
If Trump said it, it must be a lie
DETEST DT & Kanye too. Trump's pathetic need for attention revolting.
“Hey look, America! I have a black friend! The blacks now like me! Look! I’m not a racist! I like black!” F’ing idiot. Both of them.
Polls can be rigged. I guarantee you that Trump's numbers haven't gone up in ANY minority community! But the biggest reason why this is just more Trump BS? NOBODY in the black community sees Kanye as being influential enough to make blacks support Trump!
I wonder what Kanye got paid?
I don't think Kanye got paid. Not because I think he's too rich to expect it, but I honestly think he's suffering from some mental issues right now.
We can agree that this completely transparent?
That's how it looks to me. 

Yes. Now two black people like trump
And the pope is Chinese
Really what’s the number
Lie!
Did trump double by going from 2 to 4?!? Who besides racists could support a man who REFUSES to #DenounceKKK #DenounceNazis #DenounceTrump
The two people I detest most in the world, right there!!

Good Lord! Probably more alternative facts
What poll was that?
No you did Not
More delusional lies! Trust nothing from incredible ill man!
Halved his record sales at the same time.
2 Flew over the cuc koos nest.... They  are pitching Netflix for remake of “Carbon Copy”  with Kanye and DJT in lead starring roles. The Queens version  .... two self proclaimed genius narcissists sharing a stage.  #farce
Kanye displays the same astounding lack of logical thinking skills as Trump. Rambles on as if he's making a sound argument, yet the words really don't add up to reason.
“Look at my African American over here.” - Actual Donald Trump Quote
Really it didn't help this lady
Yeah Right .  And China has changed their minds and are going to double their produce orders from middle America
Trump lies with so much alacrity redundancy that is no longer even listen to.  There was no giant jump and Trump's targeted populations!  Kanye West is just as bad as any other Republicunt! He is being paid in large amounts of money to betray his people.  He is a Judas goat!
From 1 to 2
And the Brooklyn Bridge just got sold
This is what happens when tRump University alumni meet
2 Asskoles 2 Gether!
#freakshow
I’ve had enough of #45 and Kanye Mess...
And Kanye's not smart enough to know he's being used.
Fake News

You are both bat-shit crazy.
Not gonna touch that one.  Too many jokes.
as if the NRA audience wants to talk about African Americans
Bull
LAUGHABLE
Donald is the live version of Piniochio. He just can’t help himself from a good lie.
No way! Unbelieveable.
Yeah I believe this. He’s doubled his number, It’s was Ben Carson and he added  Kanye West. doubled!
And Kanye lost 11 million followers on Twitter. 
Why are you quoting Trump word for word? All he does is lie! You help spread his lies even if the article debunks him. When will news outlets learn?
More Fake News! At odds with the truth!
What planet are you at?

Is he deluding.himself. I read most black people were very upset by Kanye's remarks and thought he should apologize.I thought the the choice comment was truly off the wall. I can see some credence in the mind set issue. But never choice. Oh dear, he's always been controversial.
No respect
kanye west? hahahahahahhaha
Sh!t show.
@kanyewest  the token
Wtf
Ben Carson - Omarosa + Kanye + @KatrinaPierson = 3
Hilarious!
From 1 to 2. Devil is in the details.

they are both psychotic
From one to two.
And how exactly is this calculated?
1 + 1 = 2. Yep, he’s right.
L.I.A.R.
Why we should #BoycottKayne whether what he said was true or not he gave Trump juice and a talking point
I guarantee NRA is not friends with Kanye
Nope.
LMAO yeah right,Don't  believe that!!!

Right. From 1 to 2....
Another lie.

Kanye and trump.....made for each other
So now don cares what a celebrity thinks?

11.6.18
2 x 0 = 0
THAT'S A NO!
He's lying again
NRA: Just don’t bring them here
Another lie.
Yes, from one to two.
- Ana Navarro
.@msnbc Racist tRUMP ignored hero James Shaw and forgot to honor Meek Mill for standing up to the biasd criminal justice system

Kanye West is only black due to skin pigment.His embarrasing comments only reflect his disconnect

tRUMPs tiny base wont be viable in future elections.
@realDonaldTrump @GOP Another Trump lie. So sad. So pathetic.
Zero supporters went up to one
Trump said "I doubled my African-American poll numbers"
He had 10 African-American supporters, now he has 20 African-American supporters!
Fake News 
Their is something wrong with West
IS THIS TRUE?
PLEASE SOME1 GIVE ME THE #sOR SEND A LINK 2 HIS #s for Black PPL since this dude started talking.

From 1 to 2.
#Kanye please support a sane #candidate!!
Again with his alternative Facts!
Don’t boo.  Vote.
Kanye UNCLE TOM WestU.
Delusional

Kayne and Trump should go straight to hell
Sir, I believe you require a refresher on your catechism for adults during your vacation.  I can only hope you read with an open and humble heart.  Make sure you pay attention to the beatitudes.
Lies! All lies...
Canye is so stupid  that's all 
Kanye Kardashian and his uncle Donald.
Donald should just change his name to KARDASHIAN..... that is how we all see him.
Positive influence and not hate mongering as many others are.
And no that not Putin dick that a middle finger in case u to stupid to comprehend the gesture
He’s losing influence dealing with you.
Thank you Kanye
such nasty, nasty men.

You shouldn’t be proud that you needed the support of the largest minority in the countries numbers to be doubled.
Did it go from 10 to 20?
he went from zero to one tenth of one percent.
Oh so Trump’s already crunched the numbers right!   Another lie!

Two of a kind.   Idiots.  #KanyeWaste #FakePresident  #NeverJustOneCockroach
OMG-idiot light just blinked!
Or maybe they’re sick and tired of being told what they can believe.
As Media berates POTUS
His approval climbs
As Media drags out Porny & Huckster 
Melania is more luved
As Media glees over Mueller raiding families 
donates to help
Can we say Back 
If it were not tragic, that statement is so ridiculous that it should be funny.
@RealDonad_Trump You're too stupid to live.
What is it 2% now?
Haha whatever you say
more lies

Supporting Kanye and Trump. Blacks are used by Dems and promises never keep.  Getting better with Trump. Media trying to surpress.
Caucasians are used by Repubs.
*dies of laughter*
SAD!
the president went from 11 percent to 22 percent in black support.There willing to take there chances with the president since democrats only use them for votes.Kanye is his own man and does what he wants.
Any mention of Kanye's support from the African American community? Did that go up or down?
Yeah he had one black dude and now kanye that's two whole votes that's double right hahaha
HAHAHAHA

From one guy to two guys.
The question really is, who is the bigger idiot?
Yeah, all 4 of them: the preacher, Rev Darrell Scott, Kanye West & the 2 fictional characters, Diamond & Silk! Lol
Yet another LIE!  Who did they poll?  When where?  What was the polling group statistics, how many.  Kanye fans, Hip Hop fans?  These numbers just may be a holler for Kanye.  He lies so much about everything and certainly about nothing burgers.
I thought maybe he was smoking something but NOW I’m convinced he is!! Wth?
OH LOOK THE TWO MENTAL PATIENTS
https://youtu.be/dnRkXMlZL5k 
Wth? This man is delusional
Ridiculous!
Sickning!


Only with the insane ones.
If you stray off the Democrat plantation, you will be lynched.  Follow the Progressive religion and don't dare think on your own.
Be carefully becuase it might be you successor. Or take you position after you be impeached.
He’ll be the White House Chief of Staff in a month!
the progressive democrat's reaction to Kanye decision to think for himself says everything how much they really care about the constitution, about bullying, about hate speech & what they think of minorities. Socialists goal is to make gov the center of all with them in control
What a lie
I’ve never liked Kanye but I do now!! #maga 
Be very afraid when freedom of thought among minorities is actually allowed all you MSM leftists who enslave minorities through the thought police. @CNN @politico @NBCNews @CBSPolitics @ABCPolitics @nytimes @AP @CNNPolitics @washingtonpost
RACIST
And who took this poll??
Sarah H. sanders! LMAO!
