Say it with me. “Thank you Trump.” It’s okay.
Sorry, but the real unemployment rate, according to Trump is 45%.  Nice try dotard.
I literally have no idea what these two sentences are trying to say.
At least I don’t go around calling people names 
It’s more of an integrity thing. Even in the midst of politics, I have concern for my character and in making sure that what say isn’t overshadowed by unnecessary insults. In the end, people are still people, even if we don’t agree. And they hold value.
Yet you worship the only president to be sued for inciting violence and the only president to be investigated for treason.  You clearly don't know what the word integrity actually means. #ignorance
Thanks Obama. Your hard work in saving the economy and setting the stage for good things to come, paid off!!
I see you've inherited tRumps habit of name calling.
It's hard not to when people are purposely making things up. Sorry for the name calling, just MAGA
Will accept apology but not making things up. Just sick in tired of folk giving any props to a man who constantly lies (over 3,000 todate) and who is morally depraved. Had Obama inherited another 4 years, we would all be thanking him. New tax plan etc will largely benefit rich.
You sir are blind to the real issues, we were choking in regulations and giving billions of dollars to terrorist countries, unfair trade practices the list goes on. You obviously watch to much fake news.
I'm more than satisfied with my assessment of where we are in the USA and happy that I've not been fooled by the snake oil the GOP is selling. Once we get that fool out of the WH perhaps we can get the respect and pride we once had of being a citizen of this country and not shame
To see the fool you speak of just look in the mirror.
No articles on wages?  Yeah, because they're down.  So, you can have a job that pays from the 1980s.
Ya just stay on welfare and drain the economy.
That's not what your mom said, snowflake.
Obama's fixes are finally taking hold. of course Trump will eff it up if he stays in too long
These are low paying jobs
Thanks Obama!
Taco bell is hiring 
The Nations low unemployment rate is wonderful news, how about increases in the paychecks of the average worker?
we keep on winning here and around the world.The prisoners have been released from North Korea they are dismantling there http://nukes.Trade  talks with China are going on.Monitoring Iran since they found they lied.Moving thinks around on the nuke base
Thank you President Trump
But wait, how is this really possible when corporations and stores are closing at record rates , maybe more McDonalds? Maybe u should do the real research @nbc msnbc, who did this report? A Trumpster? Irresponsible!
Unemployment numbers can be deceiving. Many full time jobs are lost and people are working more than one part time job. That "lowers" unemployment numbers but the jobs scene is brutal.
Is this another one trump admin plots, can't believe anything that comes from this compulsive LYING & deceiving criminal admin!
Exactly
Wages are not rising though!!
WAGES ROSE .. get OVER IT .. your HATE CLOUDS sound JUDGMENT causing your to VOTE #DEMIgnorant
Why does no one relate this to the retiring baby boomers?  I've always said there would be enough jobs when enough of us retire.  I think we're seeing this now.
Thanks maga
But, but what about the Porn Star?
all the jobs pay $9/hr tho 
Thanks Obama
Bloomberg is saying wages haven’t increased and the numbers don’t match the stats. I’m sorry but I can’t believe any stats or info coming from the Trump Administration.
Thank you Obama!
About time you start talking real news...
people are stuck in jobs that are below what they should make and I know companies are still laying people off.

100,000 ICE & border control jobs  I really wonder where these jobs are. I would love to share the information. I know a host of people still looking for jobs.
#TrumpEffect
Meantime in the crab market, there's no one to processed meat. Trump has blocked the workers who come from Mexico to do the work nobody wants to do, and nobody knows how to do. Wait till Harvest time!
Produce will rot on the vine, apples, oranges, pears, and more will go unpicked without the migrant workers that come from Mexico!
According to POTUS, MSNBC is Fake News. Is it a fake news ?
Thanks President Trump!
So, everyone get back to your second or third job to make ends meet! Go spend that BIG FAKE TAX BREAK! Go fill your tank up with 5 buck a gallon gas! Just wait till your insurance payment becomes half your paycheck for shit insurance! Life’s good, the numbers don’t lie, RIGHT? 
Thank you for a great jobs report President Obama.
Everyone thank @POTUS
Trump just has to think he’s better than President Obama! Trump and ALL his racist supporters must have that affirmation on a daily basis through FAKE numbers, medical reports, lying lawyers, corrupt congressmen, you name it! Trump MUST have it!
@cnn Economic Terrain is Hazy For Most?! Payrolls and Earnings Miss for 2nd Straight Month! Also Weak Household Survey Number, with a tiny 3000 rise for civilian employment and 236000 labor force drop the reason for the jobless decline! Tax Cuts Boosting Stock Buybacks not Wages!
But let's be sure not to give trump any credit for it
"nation’s unemployment rate fell to 3.9 percent for the first time since 2000,"
IS THE RESIDUAL RESULTS OF OBAMA'S POLICIES.
@MSNBC I Find It Hard To Believe That The Economy Is Adding 164,000 Jobs When You Got A President Hurting The Economy And Middle Class By Cutting Taxes #CuttingTaxesDontCreateJobs
That’s good news for all of us.
Congratulations MSN B.S.  It  would appear as though you reported news about unemployment correctly..    See there, reporting factual news really doesn't hurt does it.  Good baby step for a retarded media organization.
How many people are under employed or have stopped looking?
Holy crap. @msnbc reporting a real and relevant story?
Put that in your Bong Obama
And trumps approval rating is at a all time high. He’s awesome.
Thank you @BarackObama
Mika Bryzenski is a nasty cold lying sacks of s_ _t
Thanks Obama
So why are people not feeling good?  Wages, healthcare, food, gas......
Thanks Obama
Why don’t you factor in the unemployment rate for black Americans! Is that rate being lowered!
That medals looking viable
But can we really trust any data that comes from this Administration?
With wages staying the same. Company still aren't paying people more. Give workers a one time little bonus. It's coming into summer time. Not that big of a deal people
Not sure if I'm more surprised at the low unemployment rate, or that MSNBC interrupted their Stormy Daniels coverage to report it.
Dilly dilly!  Pay into that Social Security and MEDICARE for me!  And don't forget to sign up for the Organ Donor Program, too!
#Maga
More proof America can advance further in the private sector without a bloated corrupt democrat federal government and regulations that hurt industry, jobs, and the economy!  Thank you President Trump!!!  MAGA!!!
Everybody! Let's take part time jobs at Carl's and infiltrate their nutty Regime!
Thank you President Obama!!! You took us back from the abyss. It wasn’t just your leadership, but the general economy that made a revival of values. Too bad people are just now seeing that rhetoric without substance is just that . . RHETORIC.
That’s fake news
As Trump always said, more fake jobs numbers. 
Its time to repeal and replace those Obama era economic policies and get those unemployment rates rising again!
David Horowitz for President in 2020.
David Horowitz for President in 2020
David Horowitz for President in 2020
David Horowitz for President in 2020
David Horowitz for President in 2020
David Horowitz for President in 2020
David Horowitz for President in 2020
Thank you Obama!
@realDonaldTrump @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @GOP @CNN @AP @ABC @NBCNews @washingtonpost @FoxNews Humm, 91 straight months?. I read that as starting well before Trump came on board. 
How is that possible with MANY of the people around me are losing their jobs or getting their hours cut or are getting no promotions... you can hide a lot behind statistics... bull
Thank you president trump
Air & water quality threatened; hate up 200%; gun deaths continue at highest rate for industrialized nation; truth & integrity nearly eliminated; income gap growing; middle class shrinking; striking lack of accessible healthcare; congress ineffective; #maga
and yet the msm says trump is bad for the nation.     LOL
Following a downward trend started by Obama. Thanks, Barack.
All that increased spending in the budget to short term bump the economy has to have an effect. Was the huge increase in the budget meant to cover for stock buybacks (projected record of $800 billion this yr) and m&a over $200 billion already (wsj)?#Budget2018
Not true ,the idiots are not counting the people that are out of work who no longer can get IN. EMP.
@SRuhle please clarify that you’ve seen no increase in jobs or is unemployment down ?
Thanks Obama!
How about a raise!!!!
#Winning #Trump2020 #KeepAmericaGreat
And healthcare costs keep rising
Anyone looked may be because they quit trying? And check out temp and part time have no benefits.
Thank you President Trump!!!
what 18 years low? Thank you President @realDonaldTrump
Despite Trump
Can we trust that these are still using unadulterated numbers (meaning the exact same counting process as before the current admin) or is this another org he could put a suck-up in? With the revolving door in this admin I can't keep track
Liberals are completely unhinged.  Scary group of people.
Barack’s legacy continues
Ahhh 2000 the good old days then the GOP came in with the same exact trickle down deregulation economics we see now and destroyed it- we've been recovering ever since only a matter of time until the rich people spending spree is over and it crashes again
Russia has hacked the Department of Labor's computer and making look like President Trump is doing a great job.ASSCLOWNS.
#thanksobama
MORON
Ya
Thought Trump said many times the rate is real.

Thank you @realDonaldTrump     Keep up the great work!
Great News! Can hear the Liberals heads exploding.See all the Tweets with imaginary facts and wishful thinking. MAGA
Thanks to President Obama.

Good
How is this possible with so many large companies closing their doors?
small business fuels our economy
Great News!! So what are MSM and the Democrats doing--
Finally,  some actual NEWS
Thanks to Trump
164k is pretty dismal. I'd look for a slowdown as Trump becomes a lame duck

Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
But wages are stagnant and prices are going up.
What? Housing shortages across U.S. rents up, no raises are not up, gas is up highest in years. Cost of food up. Where are they getting this? Wages are flat
They lie about everything, do we believe these numbers?
Right we can’t fact check this they report and we have to believe, now compare a low murder rate we can fact check and put say something or someone really helped
You're Welcome.
#MAGA
Your hero...
1. "Storm in a Double D cup" : Stormy Daniels has enraptured MSM who are giving her more coverage than a new British royal baby or even a Kardashian/West for that matter.  
What Trump did as a private citizen in a consensual relationship is of no…
http://thehill.com/opinion/finance/358905-dont-be-fooled-by-low-unemployment-figures?amp …
Some of us do pay attention.
When Congress takes away our Social Security we'll all have to go back to work, then the number of people seeking employment will skyrocket.
What about all those businesses that just closed down? Wait til the next poll I guess
The only jobs #45 has created is the revolving door of cabinet members and lawyers.
And now back to Stormy Daniels.
This is true overall; however, the unemployment rate in large metro areas that are primarily comprised of POC have rates over 8%. Many of these metro areas lack reliable mass transit systems (e.g. Detroit &Flint). You should break this # down.
Very nice job Mr. President.

It’s the lowest since 1973......

We  you Mr. President
Thank you @POTUS44
Now if Americans can earn a living wage that provides enough for a home, food and other necessities we will be on our way to #MAGA.
WE IMPORTED THAT MANY IMMIGRANTS ?
Thanks @BarackObama
This is great news. But we all know Trump & his minions will claim all the credit. The previous Administration had nothing to do with getting the rate down, the economy booming & wages going up. Magically the rate went from 7.9% to 3.9% in 15 months. They hate tht blk man so much
Really Previous Administration.  First you said the first quarter after Trump took office had to pass.  Then it was the 1st year.  8 years from now you will still be trying to credit Obozo.  Get a Life.
Winning #MAGA2018/2020
Take Notes Dems
With stagnant wages,
We need one person to become unemployed . crazy old man retire .
Thank you President Trump
Under paid jobs don't count. Quit prostituting urselves. Trumpy still hates u.
Real unemployment is still high. And inflation and hlth care costs will swallow any gains for the 99%... so sorry #BlueTsunami2018

As gas prices go up.
Do we thank Obama or trash Trump?  Choices.
Going to have to go with Trump, that is if you believe in basic economics and math.  I know most libs are quasi socialists so you don’t believe in either.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @MSNBC @NBCPolitics
Trump said these reports are FAKE!!  He said they LIE.
Yay! More slave wage jobs for us all so we can pay taxes to fund Israeli wars.
Gotta love all that winning.
Fake News
