NEW: Federal judge grilled the special counsel's team in court today, says Mueller should not have "unfettered power" to prosecute Paul Manafort, but did not rule on whether to dismiss the charges against him, @KenDilanianNBC reports
If he cracks, Russia kills his family.  If he doesn't, he goes to prison for life.
Lesson here:  Maybe not commit treason with Russia.
#Treason
Citizens of USA want traitors to our great country brought to justice.......no matter who they are
 ... “IT’S SHOWTIME” for #Manifort  
Power-walking into a federal court is all the exercise he can get while he's on house arrest.
Over 100 Subpoenas for witnesses?  Manafort still thinks he is going to walk?
He got the wink from trump “it’s ok”
@VeshioGina oh shit it’s happening
Where's his wife?

if that was any regular folk, they'd be in cuffs and shackles... this country is a fkn joke.
EXACTLY. Paul Jones clearly wld be in jail waiting for a trial date
Dang, looks like #WhiteBeardGuy was busy elsewhere today.
I am disappointed. Love Hecklin’ Santa.
Manafort has a weird gait. Kind of a short-walker.
I believe he suffers from some type of neck injury.
He'll have time to rest his neck soon ...
I think Trump was at the meeting in Trump Tower, how would he miss something like that? It's what he loves and he knows his children are idiots, well except for his mini me daughter wife...
I wonder if his ankle bracelets match?!???
Paul Manafort is the biggest Russian link to the tRump collusion case.  #TrumpColluded #TrumpConspiracy #TrumpCorruption
Yes.
lock him up
But what about Russia? So if your connected to Trump anything your EVER did will be found and prosecuted. Has this ever happened before? Nope.
Please stop. This guy isn’t being busted for jaywalking 20 years ago. He was committing bank fraud and money laundering—and conspiring with Russians—DURING THE F’ING CAMPAIGN. Wake the F up.
No proof about Russia and that was what the warrant was for. I guess not having a legal system is cool in your world.
There’s tons of evidence of his Russian connections. Manafort worked for the Kremlin-backed Ukrainian president, FFS. And bank records suggest he used his position in the campaign to curry favor with Russian oligarchs. And so on. It’s really not up for debate.
must be why we are almost at war with Russia. You just keep your faith in the left media. Ingnorance is bliss.
and if it's all true. Russia hacked emails and expossed the TRUTH. That's why your butthurt. You think that's why HRC did not get to destroy us?
*you’re 

Actually, no. I voted as follows since 2000:

Bush
Bush
McCain
Romney
*abstain*

Didn’t vote Hillary. Didn’t like Bill. Was critical of Obama. But Trump is a corrupt, lying, morally vacuous person who sold this country out to Russia. No true American should support him.
Where is the guy w the traitor sign???  Loved that visual
Obstruction & Conspiracy, 13 Russians & Manafort indicted, Gates, Papadopoulos, Flynn & Zwaan all GUILTY. @Comey truth memos. @DonaldJTrumpJr met with Russian spy Veselnitskaya, @realDonaldTrump lied about SD $130k in-kind payment, FBI raid tapes & text @MichaelCohen212 office.
WHERE’S THE GUY WITH THE ‘TRAITOR’ SIGN.
All I hear is crickets for msnbc on this:

Judge Mulls Dismissal Of Manafort Charges, "Sharply Questioned" Mueller Overreach https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-05-04/judge-mulls-dismissal-manafort-charges-concerned-mueller-overreach … District Judge T.S. Ellis, a Reagan appointee, said Mueller doesn't have "unfettered power" to prosecute over charges unrelated to Trump and Russian collusion …
Manafort ties into the Podesta group so it should be interesting!!!
Two thang says regardless of how the judge personal feeling and public opinions maybe stay focuse on the evidence that got him there
I don’t understand. Should a federal judge be opining in this way?
"Seventy? That is not a small number."
Blank?!
WOW. Manafort's crimes are well within the purview of the special counsel, as I understand the parameters given Mueller's team. WOW. We are in so much trouble if this is a court Trump has influenced or picked the actual judge for. There will be no one to defend us. No appeal.
Lawyers use this technique in divorces a lot. Most of the subpoenaed don't even know why they are there except the target will recognize all of them. It is a classical form of intimidation normally used on women.
This is 100% a #HitJob Now even judges are calling out the “Crime Syndicate” (FBI & Democrats) 

“You don’t care that there is no evidence you are just trying to “Get Trump” Boom! #MicDrop  #MAGA Don’t believe the Liberal Media this is NOTHING More than a HIT JOB
Judges are supposed to be objective. Is that objective? Sure does not sound like it.
WTF? Is Mueller some fn Nazi given a blank check to pursue innocent U.S. citizens? Yes. This is treason against the United States of America, Treason committed by Mueller and the Democrats. Traitors.
If there are innocent, they aren’t really vulnerable to prosecution are they? And subpoenas aren’t indictments. They’re an order to appear
It's a bot.
American justice system is NOT EQUAL for people of color.
Drug offenses & sentences for jail time are unfair.
People need to be sensitive, to racial discrimination that STILL exists in America.
@kanyewest is NOT OUR messenger

@maxkellerman 
@stephenasmith
@MollyQerim
@johnlegend
but kanye was your messanger like...1 month ago LOL liberals in their bubble are so funny.
And conservatives can’t spell lol messenger*
grammar police...the ultimate liberals weapon HAHAHAHAHAHA
And the judge blasts Mueller!  Finally.
subpoenas mean nothing he got 38 on Manafort and is not using them all.Since none of the cases are serious we don't see this going to trial.Meuller is looking at being kicked off the special counsel for corruption

LOL! @GOP @realDonaldTrump right wing Republican traitors are going to prison. :)
Manafort!
Funny you did not report federal judge chastising mueller for lying about his investigation makes you wonder why? Hmmmmm
Witch hunt
The judge is getting ready to throw the case out. More on Mueller's witch hunt.
What, did Manafort want to pick ONE up for himself?

I have no sympathy for these criminals.
has he been sentenced ? LOL i love the way liberals see the justice system. dont worry your little witch hunt is about to end and youll end up in tears MSNBC sheep.
#NeverTrumpHillary Lifelong @DNC Voters are Embarrassed By What We Accepted: Is It Manafort &or Sudden Fall of Washington's Ultimate Power Broker http://politi.co/2yYPboU  Obama’s Presidency was Boom Time for Podesta. His brother served as Obama’s Chief of Staff and Senior Adviser
With any luck 69 of them will have DJT lightly penciled at the bottom.
and the j ran his mouth.. but didn't rule yet..
Dead man walking
Manafort should go to jail for the rest of his life. He is nothing more than a crook who has done nothing or his country other than harm it.
Prison for life.
I hope the people of Ukraine, who he robbed will be happy.
He is repulsive.
Tweet: "... they never really know what they're signing.  not even where their revenue comes from..."
That walk...
Close to running
#mueller isn't playing games 105 subpoenas. Paul Manafort is going down or flip but I guessing down as we've seen what Putin does  to those he considers disloyal.
And we can only hope...
