Tiring and no one cares!
Democrats the party that protects women.  But it's complicated.
Did Stormy Daniels pay taxes on her hush money payment and who is paying her ambulance chasing lawyer?
What's New Puddy Cat?
One lie to how many from Obama?
Of course he knew about it . He’s a  who has cheated on all his wives and has pre nups. He doesn’t want to get caught . 
He’s also of mobster mentality so I am not surprised someone threatened Stormy .
Trump is made of teflon steel. You can’t shame him, you can’t insult him, you can’t beat him; he is immune to the Progressive  potion he can pour it on his corn flakes, drink it straight from the bottle and go on about his daily activities. I mean seriously can’t you see that?
because he is telling the truth.
Hahahahahahah telling the truth. He's a pathological liar! Incapable of telling a truth.
The guy is brutally honest to a fault he has crushed the idea of political correctness and you hate it. Name one lie that you can confirm not spin but a lie. I’ll wait.
He's made liar out of you too.
Typical liberal dodge, but I do thank you for your time this morning; and more importantly the solid confirmation of the mindless almost robotic nature of today’s Democrats. Have a great weekend.
5 stages of grief Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression and Acceptance. Denial took forever and many Libs are stuck in Anger. You did Bargain by moving from Collusion to Obstruction, I guess when that fails you’ll head to Depression; man that’s gonna hurt then finally Acceptance.
Fake news.
Shouldn't you be in a bunker with Alex jones preparing for Jade Helm?
Alex who?
sorry but none of this is true.Your reports are known to be lies.The agreement was used to stop the false extortionist accusations made her about affair that never happened.We have gotten the truth thru the president
Nah, some shyster came out of his own pocket with 130k, just on the HOPES that non-bill paying t rump MIGHT pay him back. Is that even PLAUSIBLE? wake up and smell REALITY folks. @JMW14FLASH
@MSNBC Trump Lied


Big deal.   Who cares?


3.9 Unemployment. President Trump job approval rating at 49%, Reuters
What exactly does that have to do with the Fake Russia Collusion ?
Yes he knew lol. He is a liar and full of crap, HE HAD HIS LAWYER GIVE THAT PORN STAR $, but America is brainwashed, drinking his poisonous koolaid. I feel embarrassed I thought for just a second when he was elected that there could be a change! He is full of $hit....

Trump Pay Daniels to keep wife from finding out, maybe that’s why he acting like that with Putin and get involved with the investigation
How about talking about the judge who shot down the prosecutor in the Manafort case yesterday?  Wait here’s a link for you!
SO WHAT
We do not care about this Its not news its gossip Start reporting real news If you agree with this statement then please RETWEET
What the heck does this have to do with Russia?
Uranium One
Awan Brothers
Clinton Foundation
Epstein Island 
Branson Nexus sex slaves
Korea peace
Employment
Oh yeah a sloppy hooker on drugs
Stormy Daniels is a Liberal Heroin.
She has sex on camera for money with 100s of men. 
She is an expert on campaign finance and DNA.
Nobel + 3.9% =2020 #Trump2020
I see @StormyDaniels weather ahead, @realDonaldTrump @VP @mike_pence @EPAScottPruitt Be more careful in picking your @GOP hookers/mistresses. UNLESS CORRUPT GOP Judge Ellis takes on Pruitt, Trump & Pence as  clients, adding them to TRAITOR MANAFORT. @MichaelAvenatti @SCOTUSblog
Typical MSNBC all B. S. With no substance.
FAKE NEWS!
Um, DUH! Hand out the I told you so memo!
He’s also said to know that y’all are full of beans.
Any bets on how long before this retraction lol?
Who cares? How about talking about real news...
no one gives a crap
Guy sleeps with a girl he doesn't want made public.  He tries to keep it quiet.  A rare, dangerous monster?  No.  Just about every other guy on the planet.
