Of course he thinks he is above the law. He is being enabled by people WHO KNOW BETTER , but choose the path of greed and corruption. The hypocrisy smells to high heaven

Oh yeah
of course he does, this is obvious in everything he does

FINALLY! A Judge that believes in our constitution & our laws! 
Thank you Judge Ellis for calling out Mueller & his lying prosecutors out in the Paul Manafort case!
Trump is guilty of collusion with Putin. Period. Get help extricating yourself from the trump cult.
One Federal judge has already called the traitor Mueller's witch hunt out. This is treason committed by Mueller and his lackey's orchestrated by the Democrats, nothing more. Traitors committing treason.
Oh Ray stay away from that Goebbels Network where chief propagandist Hannity has your head spinning. Shameful you.
Thanks Joyce for reminding folks that the DOJ is not Trumps personal gestapo
Trump also said his lawyers don't want him to do the interview, so Trump is setting his refusal up to blaming his lawyers, which is typical of Trump, always blaming someone else for his own faults.
Nail on head! It’s so transparent!
It does not work that way, you do not choose what you wish to answer Don the Con.
Criminals dont get to decide if police are being fair.The judge and juries decide their http://fate.No  One is above our law.Our law is what keeps us from tyranny.Citizens  have died in the tens of thousands to retain this system .Trump can not be allowed  to destroy this
All I can say is criminals hate law enforcement.
What else would we expect from "the lawless one", "the son of perdition" which trump is indeed for those who know what that means...
Trump continues to harass our Justice Dept. - undermining the hard-working professional people who follow the rule of law as set out in the U.S. Constitution.
#TrumpLiesIncessantly #TrumpRussia
What happened to Honor in this Country? No matter Party Affiliation or Friendships, Nixon-like Diversionary Tactics MUST NOT Be Allowed! POTUS IS NOT & SHOULD NOT be Above the Law! What a Disgrace, The Only “PUSH” Must Be For TRUTH & JUSTICE for US...No Matter How Long It Takes!
He thinks he’s above the law?  There shouldn’t even be an investigation!  Obama administration broke every law and still are against this president.  People see what’s going on and we will not forget!
We do see what’s going on. You guys don’t give a crap about the actual rule of law or our constitution and you ignore actual indictments in favor of conspiracy theories. You better believe we will never forget your hypocrisy and lack of patriotism. #BlueWave

 I actually tuned in for the worst 3 mins of my day!! I thought @CNN was BAD!! Wow I was WRONG @MSNBC IS A JOKE #FAKENEWS #FAKENEWS OMG I CANT WAIT UNTIL @realDonaldTrump IS EXONERATED YOU GUYS WILL LOOK AS DUMB AS YOU ARE!! Your trip is coming to the end!
You skipped your critical thinking classes and the ones on propaganda and cults, too. Go back to school, Deplorable.

It’s funny watching the left talk about @POTUS being above the law when #Democrats are the biggest criminals in America.   Just look at the Clinton Insurance Policy
How about the Uranium One Scandal?  The Clinton Foundation received over a $100mil in donations from Russia
1/U mean the uranium deal when uranium one merged with a south African uranium company? US had stock in uranium one. Russia had stock in south African company. After the merger Russia requested to increase their stock from 25% to 51%. All stock holders had to agree to the sale
2/ US required approval by nine officials. Mrs Clinton was one of the nine. Everything legal per law and investigations. But trump says it was an illegal sale of uranium by Mrs Clinton so that's what his supporters choose to believe
Anyone with a little common sense can search the Internet and prove that Hillary’s State Department gave Russia 20% of America’s Uranium.
Politico, snopes. NY times 11/17 and others Google it
All fake news sites.  You people are clueless lol
So that's a thing? If you're court ordered to appear on a case, you don't have to go if your not sure they'll be fair? Huh. I was not aware of this rule. 
Guess he cant figure out a way to payoff Mueller.
Well said Joyce Vance!  none of us are above the Law that includes Trump .. he doesn’t have to speak with prosecutors but may have to comply to a subpoena!
This is not true. He is NOT constitutionally above the law.
And in other news, @AriMelber is looking good with his tan and facia scruff!
*facial scruff (sorry about the typo!)
Someone should ask Trump what in his view would Mueller need to do to make the interview "fair"
trump has always believed him  and his family are beyond the touch of the law. @AriMelber with 5 o'clock shadow is calendar worthy!

With it being Rudy's first day, and a LOT to come up to speed on, he may not have had time to read his employment contract! 
Please retweet this to prevent future misunderstandin…
POTUS is morally unfit & irrational! The greatest danger Trump faces is himself; own Major Indiscretions, Underhanded Maneuvering, & Fabrications...brought to light! POTUS CAN NOT & SHOULD NOT BE ABOVE THE LAW!
Of course he does. He’s been shielded from the law by his wealth and connections his entire life. Why would it be different now?
Trump has a back door to mob money and if these politicians and business men say if he gets mad at you , your money can't play with his money.
#crook
It's almost like he ripped off poor people in Haiti. 

Except he didn't. 

The people YOU COVER FOR were responsible for that charade, while your hero Mueller was FBI Director.
Wants it all in his terms. #OG
Can someone follow up with a question asking him what is "fair" to him?  I would love to know his answer.
Latest speculation is that enough dough was transferred to Cohen for him to pay off the russian hacker team, thats what he was arranging in Europe just b4 the RNC
The US Rule Of Law being tested. Will it stand?
Trump’s “statements” are nothing more than hyperbolic smoke screens; Trump has NEVER intended to testify, and WILL NEVER testify.  He will plead Fifth, invoke executive privilege, refuse to testify & then appeal to SC, or fire every DAG who attempts to subpoena or question him.
I would like to know in his own words what he believes "fair" means in that context.
"Fair" is code word for loyal
Well so far he has been getting away with it so why shouldn’t he think that?
Indeed, since he has been able to circumvent the law.
Trump's default complaint is fairness.  The press treats him unfairly, comedians treat him unfairly... standard grade-school bully mantra.  They believe they can do anything they please and if you call them out for it, you're being unfair.  The man is an infant.
No one is above the law! Ask if he were Alive, Nixon, or Clinton who is alive! Trump keep on professing your innocence! You will hang yourself.
Subpoena his ass. If Congress is blocking those subpoenas, they're breaking the law subpoena their asses, and charge them with obstruction. The old saying goes "shit or get off the pot." I'm sick of prolonging whatever this is. The wealthy are not above the law. Set examples
Fair doesn't exist anymore.   There are only those who believe everything he says and those who are skeptical of everything he says.
Those questions were leaked and showed how pertinent and fair the questions are. We're not Morons or Idiots that would be you @realDonaldTrump
Did Hillary ask to be "treated fairly" when she sat for 11 hours? trump the ultimate snowflake.
Whenever he says fairly, he means favorably, with a side order of leniency.
No one in this country is above the rule of law. 45, his supporters, and the R's need to be constantly reminded of this until they comply or quit with possible charges if they break any if our laws.
Trump is a crazy old man. He lives in a fantasy that he is some kind of emperor because of how much he has gotten away with and people still worship him. He is a calculating criminal who can fool some of the people all of the time but not all of us!
I’ll come, just don’t ask me any questions that might implicate me in criminal behavior.
So glad you are saying it clearly. The people do have a right to their positions. But luckily for this Democracy, many officials in the Mueller probe are registered Republicans. This is only important in Mueller's case, because it demonstrates the rule of law is not partisan.
Trump is very scared. He'll fire Muller before he testifies in front of Mueller.
shouldn't he get the HRC treatment?
Just like Obama thought! Same thing
Be careful what you ask for, Mr. PRESIDENT.
Sure... Trump believes being POTUS entitles him to interview prosecutors for ‘fairness’ and preview related info, before prosecutors can interview him as a subject of an investigation.
If this attitude prevails it elevates Trump to a ‘super citizen’ status.
Trump: The media needs to be fair ... Mueller needs to be fair ... I’ve been treated so very badly. 

Boo hoo! Life isn’t fair. His “fair” means “handle me with kid gloves, don’t criticize or question me.

#SoMuchWhining #MAGA #Victimhood
“Fair” to @realDonaldTrump means believe all his lies & forget about rule of law. Oh & also to think he’s something special.
@HillaryClinton is above law if there was equal justice under the law her ass would be in jail
When you can talk facts, bring up Hillary.
Trump will never talk to Mueller unless he is subpoenaed! He is lying through his teeth!
Actually, it shows he's STUPID. 

I wanted to say ignorant but that felt like a step up!
I don't know why Democrats don't understand that trump will prove to be above the law, with a little help from the courts.
He doesn't want fairness.  He wants favoritism and indulgence.
Exactly. All white ppl think they’re above the law.
He just doesn’t get it. Never has.
of course he does. its his entire schtick. i am above the law.
Translation: he knows Mueller won’t buy his bull$hit....right?
Asking for fairness does not equal "he thinks he's above the law" except in your own mind.
His hubris could sink a ship!!
Big problem here! Trump never did anything but win an election. Why would anyone who is an American what to give there country and the future of their children away? Next election vote Trump out, Be an American! Support your way of life. Vote to live free.
Dotard thinks he is a king. We revolted against one in 1776. We need to do so again.
Bushahahahaaaaaaaaaa no wonder comedians represent you.
Same as his statements on Judge Curiel - the ‘mexican’. It’s trumps playbook. No one can judge him, except himself or certified trump loyalists.

America you #fuckedup
its only "fair" to Trump when he knows he has already manipulated the outcome

Trump is a mentally deficient man
Women..aint none truly forgiven a man having affairs with 2 women after and during birth...not Rosayln Nancy, Barbara, Hillary, Laura, Michelle,  Melania, or any women...they really trying to play us like this in 2018 ...Please men back it up!...thats our calm before storm voice
Exactly
It also shows he does not understand the definition of the word “fair.”
The whole lot of you think you're above the rule of law. That's what you're paid for...selling out hardworking American citizens... actually the world. 
#SellingPoverty
#SellingWar
In other words, it’s only “fair” if they ask questions that don’t get him into trouble or catch him in another lie.  At this rate, he could have Rudy ask him the questions and he’d still blow it.
And he's made it ABUNDANTLY clear that he thinks this is an unfair witch hunt. Why does anybody even report this nonsense?
You know he doesn't have Clinton's stamina to get through an interview with Mueller, especially an 11 hour interview. Do you little Donnie?

Or prove us wrong, tea cup.
“Fair” means, believe everything I say.
he has not yet reached the "fairness" level of development
Prosecutors hate criminals.  They treat them all fairly.
Show us what you got on Trump , then we can back a interview otherwise shut up and sit down.
Would love too see a subpoena!
“Fair” is trump-toddler speak for “he won’t ask me any hard questions about anything incriminating” #TrumpTheCriminal
Seems more like Mueller thinks he is above the law.
All Mueller has to do is give POTUS the same deal @HillaryClinton (a known criminal) got from @Comey.
No oath
No recording
Full immunity for all involved
No evidence to examine

Oh and you all suck!
Fair to whom? The possible criminal or the rule of law?
In the "Federalist Papers," Hamilton wrote that two ways our democracy could be destroyed was through corruption or by a chief executive coming under the influence of a foreign power
Every time he says fairly, he really means favorably, with a side order of lenience.
he is not doing any interview with Meuller.He can not be subpoenaed after the judge called Meuller out yesterday.Only one who thought they where above the law was Obama he did not follow the laws of this land and went against the constitution.
No that's not what it shows.
It's an arrogant, ignorant statement. What makes him alone the arbiter of what is fair and just?
the only way Trump would say he was interviewed fairly would be to just ask him questions about oh the weather maybe...then let him go.... he lies about anything else, and if the questions were actually about Russia he'll clam up and say NO FAIR I won't play!
The only person that thinks they are above the law is Rosenstein he is breaking it right in front of everyones eyes
What?? Huh??
Only Hillary is above the law.
He knows that th justice system is not fair, and it matters who’s judging you! The scales on the judges podium is NOT in a balanced position.
after over 70 years of not having to be accountable for any of his actions, i am sure he is convinced he is above the law.  we live in a country where POC are shot dead for traffic violations and white collar crooks and traitors get away with a slap on the wrist.
Every single time Trump criticizes the Mueller investigation or the DOJ he is saying the USA is a corrupt country; the constitution does not work; the rule of law does not work.  Every single time.
Little Donnie Drumpf of the silver spoon up his ass is always whining about how everyone is "unfair" to him. Just like a 5 year old.
He is criminal that is what they all say!
Define fair
No Attorney in his right mind would advise the POTUS to interview with Mueller. It would be a perjury trap....
He shouldnt have a problem with an interview; after all, he claims innocence .. 
45s definition of “Fair” should be carefully scrutinized. Any banks, contractors, workers, etc. that had business dealings with 45 would argue his “Fair” left them short changed. 45s word is worth as much as the bankruptcies he’s had and the lies he’s told.
Of course it is an absurd & arrogant statement, but at any rate tRUmp does not actually want it to be "fair"at all. 

Because fairness - or justice, to be precise - is what will be his undoing.
Trumpie's idea of "fair" means that the prosecutors would treat   him with kid gloves. Fair means no q's that would exasperate him or put him in a bad light.
What an absurdly ridiculous thing to say.
Yes.
How asking prosecutors to be fair above the law?
No, if anything it shows that he thinks prosecutors are unfair.
BS
I despise the word 'fair'.
The mainstream media have lost its touch on the truth. What happen to innocent until proven guilty. I could not believe that journalism will be attack by the people that shld orotect it. When the lies are twisted & becomes the truth. And the audience are fixated to the narrative.
Well said!!!
What  about fairness to the American public? Where’s our fairness? All we get are lies! That’s not fair!!!
Hate to think what that jackass’s idea of “fair” would be
Well perhaps Congress needs to get off its collective ass and let him know he is not above anything.

I thought Trump started to say "gentle," caught himself, changed to "fair." If so, some conscience may be leaking into him! Propaganda tour heating up!
He’s nothing but a piece of !
Just guy think we are stupid I’ll say this trump will never sits to be interviewed
Everything to this man is unfair always

That is just BS!! FAKE NEWS!!! We know who is above the law, the Clintons. Eric Holder, Comey, McCabe ,Strzok, Page , Weaissmann, Mueller, Lynch and especially OBAMA!!!
You're watching that Fox Goebbels Network again . Shameful.
ha.  hell  w/his  rubbish.. then he'll g et a  subpoena
Yep
But he’s not!
Clueless!
Says every guilty person!
It shows that he will lie again again and again.
everybody knows @realDonaldTrump is NOT going testify...stop believing him.  He is a liar.
Trump has no intention of interviewing with Mueller..that comment is just a pretense for his base to believe.
Ari looks thinner ?
Mueller’s ‘investigation’ has produced zero evidence of collusion. President Trump shouldn’t entertain Mueller’s illusions of grandeur.
Are you privy to the findings in the Mueller investigation? How were you able to score this breaking news?
As far as I’m concerned, no one is above the law, not even @realDonaldTrump. Too bad he can’t get that through his thick head. @SpectralFireZ
Trump will only agree if the questions asked are written by him
Definitely a trap for Trump. Many agree with him.  Trump was Mueller's target.  Mueller was mad and out to get him.
Thanks Joyce! Idgad who he is! We have laws and he isn’t above them! I don’t care if he if he’s POTUS! He didn’t win it fairly! I challenge that he’s even POTUS!
Until he’s subpoenaed!
What is fair?
Well he is still POTUS.
He is the swamp.
Begs the question. What is fair?
Spanky's just a deplorable POS. The Despot in Chief.
Nothing is stopping him though.
Speaking truth to power thank you!!
“Even if there are instances, in which it can be mistook by onlookers, never fool yourself into using 'misunderstood genius' as an excuse to be a fool.” 

PS. ― Criss Jami
Exactly! Only if you are above the rule of law you may demand and expect fairness.
#bs
Interview for what? What’s the crime?
Trump / @POTUS hasn't the intelligence / discernment of what is fair ... . Evidence of not being capable of objective thought.

"Trump may not read academic studies, but he clearly understands in his gut what stirs his base. He is determined to inflame these fears regardless of the facts or the effect it will have on the country." Here’s why that helps him. https://wapo.st/2HP5v3q?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.80b565a09552 …
All I can say is...... PLEASE HURRY Mr. Mueller.
Trump is supposed to be such a tough guy. The only ppl who cry about fairness more than Trump are elementary kids on the playground.
yeah he  keeps   screaming for  fairness..  when he's  the one who loves  to  bully people..  shows  what a  dickless  wuss he truly is.. & not  too bright..   his legal  team demands  andrew  Weissman  stays away  fr  him..like  he's  some  wiltin g   victotian  violet..
You nailed it!
Mueller should subpoena him immediately and see how much he wants to talk to him

@realDonaldTrump you are NOT above the law
Neither is stick-up-his-ass @DonaldJTrumpJr 

Blah blah blah blah blah
@TheBeatWithAri Trump Is Afraid Of Mueller
Ck that judge’s bank accounts.
got a whole lot of 5 o'clock shadow going on today @AriMelber @TheBeatWithAri  not complaining...think it looks really good =)
This man thinks he's king and has to answer to no one.
Trump should demand the same concessions they gave Hillary: 
-Start writing letters of exoneration months in advance.
-Everything off the record, no oaths
-Allowed to say, "I don't recall" at least 39 times
-Allowed to choose time and location at Trump's convenience.
We all want prosecuters to be fair. Just that his definition of "fair" is way different than ours or Miriam-Webster.
I believe his definition is ignore the facts, evidence and law and exonerate him.
More Lies he will never sit down for a interview he is not qualified for his job  do you really think he would sit for a  interview more bullshit 
No collusion.  It's ok.
And you post your feelings again
Yeah, right, and the Clintons and Obama aren't. Smfh.
Wow I can only
SAY WOW

The MOST
PATHETIC Collection of ATTORNEYS
on TV
Bar NONE 

 FYI
JUDGE Ellis
Demanded
The Unredacted
MEMOS/PAPERS
SUBMITTED 
To Him
within two weeks 

SOMEHOW YOU'RE
legal EAGLES
as well as
YOURSELF
failed to mention that 

ARE YOU SURE
YOU'RE a LAWYER
Ivanka is above the law, too..cuz she's a fine looking woman.
Fake news.
Trump is above the law, as are most super-wealthy.  The treatment given billionaires is remarkably different than the working class.  Even when found guilty, or ruled against, the fines and sentences are very mild if any at all.
Interesting, the rule of law is not fair. Odd way of looking at it.
Next time a cop pulls you over, ask him to treat you fair.
What kind of statement is this? Is cop puling me over for cause? Expired tags, no lights, breaking traffic laws. If for no reason, I would stay calm, listen to instructions, get ticket, make formal complaint to his superiors at the police station.
The point is that Trump is demanding that the cop treat him fairly or he won't cooperate.
So the point is, if a cop approaches me & I know I did nothing wrong, but the first thing the cop asks me is can he search my trunk, I now know this is a bias stop. If the officer immediately tells me to get out, if he makes statements that don't jive, you know the difference.
Hasn’t he been for the last 71 years?
Yet
