I support the NRA !
2 Clowns (DJT & Pence)and an audience with brains of children (sorry children).  Notice Mother was there with her husband balls in her purse.  He must have really messed around on her big-time in the past.
Calls himself a man of God but lies about everything political, ,,the man will burn in hell
busted
A wache ciagna z iraku za zlotowke..
Thank you President Trump for reviving our economy, bringing hope to African Americans & Latinos who were unemployed, cutting our taxes, protecting our borders, making peace in North Korea, and praying (not to allah like Obama) but to Jesus Christ and being proud about it. 
Pence is every bit as disgusting as trump. The difference is, trump's vulgar & belligerent and a loud bully and pence is quietly sneeky!
I'm sure your viewers are waiting breathlessly for your compare and contrast panel discussion of Michael Flynn and John Kerry tomorrow. Remember when you screamed LOGAN ACT for months about Flynn?
Shame on Pence, selling out the American people to receive NRA contributions, yet nothing being done to have stricter gun laws,controls,regulations, get rid of gun sales loopholes and ban all assault type weapons.  SHAME ON YOU PUTTING MONEY BEFORE DEATH.

You should never stick a Q Tip in your ear!
Witch hunt
Pence...shame on you!
Pssst!!! A good guy with a hand gun is no match for a bad guy with an
assault-type weapon!

There is no "leadership" here just lots and lots of followers, and all they follow is the NRA money.

Promoting school shooting
What a F'ing waste & a sad statement by @realDonaldTrump @VP & the @WhiteHouse .  Flying 2 separate planes along with military plane support to speak at this forum.  We as AMERICANS likely footed this bill!  Translates to no gun control and reinforces the power of the NRA LOBBY
Well we got the NRA covered today ha joe!
@NBCNews No Thanks
Take that money clown
Once again, this administration speaking (and pandering) to the 30% of the people who still want us to live back in the 1950’s
In his own way, Pence is worse than Trump who is an unapologetic pathological liar. He’s sneaky, two-faced, sucks up to Trump and the base while he tries to position himself for the Oval Office at some point. #SnakeInTheGrass
God bless America 
Why can all this good guys have their guns?
He’s PT Barnum in a business suit
OH MY GOD. Is the ONLY THING he knows how to do is act like the high school quarterback and continue to relive the “big game”. I can’t even listen to him because all I hear is the lie tracker just keeps ticking at an astonishing pace
#pence supports this #animal very gd like of him #notchristianvalues
Bought and Own by the nra, Nice!
Disgusting fake of a President. It’s like we have jello in the Oval Office changing his ‘principles’ with the wind. In other words he’s without principles. He’s a failure as a husband a president and as a man... remember Parkland Newtown VA Tech keep bragging and taking NRA money
The president of the united states just acknowledged diamond & silk at the nra convention (in front of, what he bragged was a record crowd), but has never tweeted or spoke 1 word about James Shaw jr...think about that a sec. #Shameful #FakePatriot #NraBoughtAndPaid4 #VoteThemOut

Cruz got booed....#Bwahahahaha @davidhogg111
Leadership forum? Leadership in purveyors of death would be more fitting.
I'm sitting in Dallas and they are Furious they can't take their guns in. Oh my.
see Pence Prance

What is there to talk about @VP? Stop defending the home grown terrorists who are killing our kids! Only the devil comes to the aid of murderers.
You really shouldn't televise this cult gathering.
Creep.
No guns allowed around the VP who wants guns around everyone except him. His state of Indiana big supplier of guns to Chicago gangs.
Huckster shake down
They need that campaign money...LMBO



Unfucking believable. Did they all show up with their guns? Or was that not allowed? Should have needed security either since "good guys with guns".
Pence is a lying sack of  pandering to ammosexuals.
@VP prefers knives to guns...he has one ready to plunge into @realDonaldTrump 's back, as soon as the 70 #Mueller subpoenas start coming out.
thanks for the heads up! just turned off @msnbc as I am not waiting on the edge of my seat for the NRA/trump propaganda machine coverage
Truth is like poetry, most people hate poetry. Stay ignorant..
What's your opinion on your Vice President speaking at the NRA in Dallas today?
They (NRA) are a low-life, Russian $ grabbing Lobby with just one goal.  To help the gun industry make money.  They are totally different now from their original purpose.
They use the 2nd Amendment ad a front for their agenda.
Why $30M PAC to help DJT get elected thru Russia $?
Why is someone from this administration always speaking to the NRA, didn't Trump speak to them just last week?  Doesn't this administration have anything better to do than cater to gun nuts?



Can't watch anymore,Hes so full of shit
He’s horrifying. The sheer amount of gullible people who are buying his shit is stunning. #BrainwashedBeyondRepair
#NRAIsATerroristOrganization
@MSNBC Hope he doesn't trip and fall and need a doctor.
And yes Christ preached that it is ok to favour guns over innocent victims of gun violence. And this moron is a Christian conservative.
Thank you vp Pence

How does he walk around in the daylight...what type of sorcery is this? 
Pathetic little weasel
Is it a gun free zone?
Disgusting

Looking for Business card, Logo design, Flyer design, Graphics designer? Contact me:

How totally hypocritical that the attendees can’t have their 2nd amendment weapons on them.  Where’s the outrage!
Right on!  But @realDonaldTrump thinks we should arm the teachers in schools!  He is an idiot as is @VP and they along with our Republican & Democrat congressmen are owned by the NRA...puppets.  no wonder we have regular mass killings..no guts to take on the NRA
Bet the @VP was saddened to see the Craigslist Men-Men section was taken away.. but I'm sure he'll still find a way to score some hot male loving.
Pretty sure hes on grinder under the handle vp silverfox
Trumputin Trolls the NRA 
James Shaw Jr proved it doesn't take a good guy with a gun to stop a bad guy with a gun, It takes a brave man, a hero, a man like Mr. James Shaw Jr.

@VP POS
Is Mother there?
Why are you covering this?
No thank you.
I cannot watch the Pence Slobbering I'm done til later
Can't wait to hear what the NRA ordered him to say to the NRA.
Announcing that Sheriff Arpaio will be vying for his new Dr.'s position ??????
Bought and paid for.
Hey the new president!!
The Absentee @VP makes a rare appearance
Ugh. Why would you stream this?
