To finish the thought -
Our gov. is currently not operating according to our consti. Our country, is currently operating under another form of gov. that is autocr / kleptocr / kakistocr. E. g. the rule of law is being turned into the "rule of Trump": see attacks on Muel Invest.
federal judge on Friday harshly rebuked Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s team during a hearing for ex-Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort – suggesting they lied about the scope of the investigation, seeking “unfettered power” are more interested in bringing down the president.
The People are not keeping the Congress in check.
We need accountabilty
Now do the judicial
Congress gave a blank check to Obama, so why should they change now! They wouldn't even oversee the Iranian nuke deal, and didn't say a word about Obama giving 150 billion to a terrorist nation!!
Congressional Republicans are complicit in the nonsense coming from the WH as they aren’t as a check as they should be.
U.S. Has 3.5 Million More Registered Voters Than Live Adults — A Red Flag For Electoral Fraud
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/05/04/federal-judge-accuses-muellers-team-lying-trying-to-target-trump-cmon-man.amp.html …
I don't mind giving you some accurate new material
U.S. Has 3.5 Million More Registered Voters Than Live Adults!
They are bought and payed for by Putin and the Republican Elite and they like Trump like Russian hookers.  Wonder if they are they are going to start suing Trump for their children.  They got DNA now.  None of Trumps kids looks like him.  HMMM
Nobody cares what this Democrat thinks.
You don't really care about Mr. Manafort,” U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III told Mueller’s team. “You really care about what information Mr. Manafort can give you to lead you to Mr. Trump and an impeachment, or whatever."
The judge  gave the government 2 weeks to hand over the unredacted “scope memo” or provide an explanation why not  after prosecutors were reluctant to do so, claiming it has material that doesn’t pertain to Manafort.

“I’ll be the judge of that,” Ellis said.

#MuellerWitchHunt
Congress has zero credibility & accountability!!  Sad!!
Hardball? Welcome to the swamp. It didn't hold @potus44 in check either.
No they aren’t and the blame goes 100% to the GOP.
So true. I am surprised by the republicans that they did not and for the most part not being true what they were elected to do. It is also the people of this nation not doing the same.
#StopSyntheticWeedNationwide
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
Thank you. Finally, someone speaks up.
Exactly! 
-Judge in Manafort Case BLASTS MUELLER SPECIAL COUNSEL on lawless “Unfettered Power”
The GOP is willingly aiding and abetting DT with the destruction of our democracy.
@hardball Agreed
Mueller frames ppl? Yes FBI frame-up courtesy of perpetually dirty cop Bob Mueller - 4 men framed by @fbi, who withheld exculpatory evidence, they spent 30 years in jail until a judge finally figured it out. They got over $100m from suing Government.
Congress,Send Marshals TO DOJ (1 Year Waiting)"GET Hillary Russian Dossier,Election 2016 InterFerence  MisusedIn FISA Courts Papers NOW NOW,Otherwise Dems Destroy TRUMP&His Family&REP
