
I think the #NRA read this article? ;-)

The Constitution doesn't protect needs.
There is indeed a corrupt connection between The Putin Regime + Trump + The NRA.....I am glad that SOMEBODY is looking into this very corrupt scheme! 
The American People need to know the TRUTH & what's going on w/ this Corrupt Administration. #CorruptWhiteHouse #CorruptNRA
Slate says conspiracy theories are dangerous and want streaming services like Hulu to censor conspiracy content. How are 9/11 conspiracies more dangerous than Russiagate conspiracies?
One word comes to mind. BUSTED!
. How are they going to prove that they didn't use Russian's money to donate to campaigns?
@MSNBC Boycott @NRA
I just bought 3 lifetime NRA memberships for neighborhood kids.
Watch... no named sources....good probability it's FAKE NEWS
Fake news
You expected those crooks to admit it? Lol!!!
who sold URANIUM to russia, who deleted 33,000 emails under a subpoena, who was paid 500k for a speech in moscow, who employed imran awan and family, who paid for the russian dossier???????????
......of course this gal won’t have a word to,say about all the RUSSIAN CONTRIBUTION TO DEMOCRAT CAMPAIGNS!
they are not looking into this.Since this is nothing but lies from the media.Who are looking for a Russian connection to go after the NRA.If any thing they should look at Hillary who took donations from the middle east countries for her campaign

About time.
Wow. Just wow.
Why??? Why what y’all take funds from any outside source?
But who runs the FEC right now? If it’s a loyal repugnut , forget about it. Just the GOP led investigation into @realDonaldTrump and Russia.
So the say!!
It's about t damn time.  
Isn't FL prohibited from having an elected politician serve on the Electoral College ... or is that Federal?
I love how, in my feed this cuts off to National Rifle Ass. Fitting.
NRA=Altright!
Important addendum here:
Note, the numbers of members whose terms are up! 
"...Commissioners serve six-year, alternating terms, which expire in odd-numbered years. Commissioners serving expired terms may choose to remain until they are replaced..."

Russia russia Russia, you guys just can’t help yourself!

Money, money, money, money...mmmooonnnneeeyyyy! Greed! President on down... money, money, money, money...mmmmmoooonnnneeeyyyyy! We are the last of “The Great Generation” We’ve fought for years to protect our democracy. Who out there is going to step up and take the baton?
Joke
What T campaign WH & @NRA have learned from Kremlin:  Deny Deny Lie. Ignore facts & scream FakeNews. Don't believe your own eyes & ears believe me. Alternative Facts. Propaganda. But #MAGA right.
@NRA it’s about time we get to the real entity interfering in our democracy
DEMS will face another surprise loss in the mid terms. They neither have a manifesto nor a strategy. Just being anti Trump won't cut it.
Fake news

Just like Planned Parenthood saying they don't use taxpayer money to support Democrats. Democrats ensure planned parenthood get taxpayer money so they get political contributions.
Oh of course, if you allow Dems it's no longer calling you the istaphobes, now it's all Russian collusion and agents. They even claim @kanyewest might be a Russian agent. Pathetic and corrupt the Dems are. Only ones orivennto have colluded with Russia & many others were the Dems
Good luck with that one and why is it always Russians? I mean the Chinese are worse, but never a word about them because it doesn't fit the narrative.
LMFAO, Please already, if there was a crime he would have done something! Mueller and the Liberal Socialist Fascist hypocrite Democrats have been exposed and the American people and the world are laughing at them and saying, Liberalism is a mental illness!
It's all fungible
dip shit of the year @SRuhle
Love this!
Still nothing on Manafort Judge’s beat down of Mueller for abuse of power in Trump witch hunt
Like hell!  The NRA spent approx. $57 million dollars in the 2016 elections. About half to trump and the rest to purchase other republicans
You can provide the paperwork to back up that claim.  Yes?  It's not that I don't believe you.  It's just that Liberals are not really known to be trustworthy.

So of course you'll understand the paperwork request.  Mahalo.
Oh God, get over this Russia bs. Liberals have nothing else to offer America. Great message for November

-
Torshin is the bag man. The entire GOP floats on a river of dark Russian money.
Except that was the source of the 130k to daniels!
Maybe it's NRA = Nest of Russian Agents.
Cue the Trumpkin mating call in three, two,...
There should be a ban on all lobbyists
Agree
