Maybe this judge has "unfettered behavior, unsuitable for his position."
A very bad person got to Judge Ellis. Why is he saying what he is saying, he should be sticking to the facts, not what he thinks. Those words were put into his mouth from the bad side, they are getting desperate & they will be going after more judges! Saving Trump is everything!
Ha good
You don't really care about Mr. Manafort's bank fraud," Ellis said to prosecutor Michael Dreeben, at times losing his temper. Ellis said prosecutors were interested in Manafort because of his potential to provide material that would lead to Trump's "prosecution or impeachment,"
It's just the judge opinion. But the rule of law will prevail.
“Just the judge’s opinion”.  Lol. There,is so much stupid in that remark, one doesn’t know where to even begin!
If you follow law the judge from time to time will give an opinion that is different from how he may rule. Well just have to see because he hasn't ruled.
You tell em judge. Hahaha..  big praises for the federal judge
I did know judges are supposed to question the motives of Federal Prosecutors and make political statements on a case while on the bench?
Unfettered power is fine if it’s used legally to it’s job without prejudice. Unfettered power with Trump is quite a different thing.
The judge is somehow in on it too
Not sure what msnbc expects readers to get out of this half story “ unfettered power” when towards mueller. But for the full story if interested go to fox. If not Ur not getting the full story.
Im sure lying hannity has a truthful story to tell!
It’s not time for Hannity YET!
be didn't challenge him,  he called him a LIAR,  who wants unfettered  power.
We don't want anyone in this country with unfettered power. It's unlikely you're going to persuade me the special prosecutor has power to do anything he or she wants," Ellis told Dreeben. "The American people feel pretty strongly that no one has unfettered power."
The judge also said, “this white collar, treasonous, arch criminal, who stole millions, isn’t the kind of person I send to prison. Now bring me some black and brown people!”
That is what you heard?
What is unfettered power??? The man committed fraud! Do your job judge!!
The Judge needs to make decisions without watching Fox News or any news about cases before him.
Judge T.S. Ellis, who attacked the Special Counsel in the Manafort case, also happens to be the same Judge who ruled in favor of the Republicans and called for "No new vote" after 147 voters were disenfranchised in Virginia's House of Delegates election. He is a Partisan Hack.
I question that Judge and his motives!
The Judge was just providing fodder for the base to repeat, that's all. If not, does he understand that years from now whatever he does could be cited by Defense lawyers as precedence? Just like this Presidency is setting presedence unless he will declare himself ruler for life.
***precedence
So did the judge just leave it hanging with no ruling on the motion to dismiss or what?

Nothing I have read says that the prosecutors DON'T have a case. The judge just thinks they want to use it to get to Trump.

I hope the judge feels the same way when it's a young Black man the prosecutors are pressuring to get to a drug kingpin.
Double standard much?
So obvious that someone got to him. Tell the judge if he colludes, he will be stripped of his robe & humiliated in the public court. Not a good idea for this kind of behavior. We need the truth.
He does not he only pretends that he does. His side show will soon be over.
A trumpee on the bench.
-

When one crime leads to another, what's he supposed to do?  Ignore the second crime?  I don't think so.
This is America it's hard to believe it took a federal judge to point out the fact that this investigation is bullshit it shouldn't have even gotten this far the left is destroying America thank God for the judges

Soooo, is this judge saying (and based on WHAT, exactly?) that if criminal activity is found on a person while being investigated for something TOTALLY DIFFERENT, those unrelated CRIMES are to be overlooked?
It was years ago and it is outside the scope of investigation. It matters.
Manafort and trump broke the law stop protecting them with frivolous accusations
Meuller brought a case that had been dismissed in 2006.Meuller has gone out of control and we finally got a judge to see it.The other cases against Manafort are bogus to.He forgot to indict the Podesta brothers for there part in Ukraine
Well that judge just ensured a mistrial.
Someone checking who this judge is .. maybe s midnight call check his bank account, mistress,
@MSNBC Mueller Has The Power

About time this thing is a complete joke 18 months and counting of nothing but innuendo and shaking down a current president who dares to be different with a cloud of inuendo Mueller and msm weren't elected trump was period
So it’s okay to be criminal money launderer.
This is all the evidence you need to shut this witch hunt down!! @realDonaldTrump
Ok. Could the evidence (that I suspect exists) be passed on to someone with fettered power so that that individual can prosecute him? 

Much obliged.

#Swamp #Resist #Cult45
BOOM! 
What unfettered power? Everything he’s done has been okays by federal judges upand down the line and he can only act once given direction from his immediate boss. If Manafort hasn’t committed the crimes he wouldn’t be where he is
Judge in Manafort Case Orders Govt to Hand Over Unredacted Rosenstein Memo Detailing Mueller's Scope
They are cheering for the criminals to beat law enforcement. I'm very worried. Usually Americans prefer the security of law enforcement.Its a good feeling. What happens if we root against law enforcement? Whats the end goal. No law enforcement? Or just enforce the laws they want?
@MSNBC     What did Mueller do when he found out that  Hillary Clinton help paid for the Fake Dossier that was used for Trump/Russian Collusion?
She can do with her $ whatever she wants. That dossier is still being studied. If I had know I would have donated to get that dossier. Where there is smoke there is fire. & ppl are not stupid. If there is a chance tha th potus isn't a straight person taxpayers should know.
And at this point this judge should be recused and replaced showing partiality this should disqualify her as a judge and this matter
Is this judge a Reagan Russian GRU Spy?
Headline forgot judge called mueller a liar as well but please continue with the pimp stories
Judge is a Trump supporting Republican who I guarantee u got some skeletons in his or a family members closet. WHAT he doesn’t want to do is tick off that ‘fettered’ government and TANK Mueller’s case, because you think  leaking now, his business will be a billboard!

This will just give the White House and Trump all the ammunition to Fire everyone and get away with all they have done !!!!
When will the judge decide on this case ?
Didn't that Judge also write The Lovesong of J  Alfred Prufrock?
This is the beginning to the end of the Mueller probe, enjoy having president Trump till 2024, the Blue Wave is more like a piss stream

Shame on @MSNBC for wasting your viewer's time televising #NRATerrorists conf w/the #LiarInChief Turned it off immediately! #disgusting
Shameful what is happening in this country.
Aka the law.  #RIPGOP #TrumpRussia
Let me guess - a Republican judge?
This Judge sounds ALT RIGHT, not a reasonable statement or action against the FBI in this matter, everyone knows Manafort is a Russian operative, OMG, beginning to hate the country that my ancestors have been here since the 1700's, everything they fought for has gone to hell!
I’m an immigrant I love America and I love @realDonaldTrump sounds like you just don’t like his words because you do not agree. Me is a judge.
A Trump’s appointee?
Thanks. I agree.  Same stripe.
Let's just hope the judge doesn't share with anyone what he learns if he reads the unredacted Mueller docs.
Why not. Is this not a gov of the people for the people. All this stuff should be subject to sunshine so we all know what is the real story.
I want to know what the deputy ag gave muller in scope doc to. I wanna know why the doj isn’t releasing docs to our congress. I wanna see the fisa warrant for page to see why our gov is spying on Americans...
So msnbc agrees with the judge...or ru being sloppy?
Question. Can this judge be obstructing federal investigations, by what he said today. Manafort violated state law! What does Trump have to do with State case? Judge/Swampmonster! "Agian"?
Let’s see how he rules.
#WitchHunt
for a Evil Witch..
BOMBSHELL: Federal Judge Accuses Mueller's Team of "Lying", trying to Target President Trump: Judge says "C'mon Man!"
And, Trump is pushing that HARD every day!!! EVERY DAY, the POTUS is speaking loudly and ill of our justice system?  How is this allowed to happen?  WTH?  THIS IS AMERICA!!!  BUT, only someone so corrupt would rile up against the justice system.
And when the Judge rules in Muellers favor, Trumpers can’t say he hasn’t been checked 
This really isn’t about Trump. This is checking government’s uncontrolled power.
Trump is government, and he railed against federal judges who checked him
Obviously Trump doesn’t have unlimited power. This is the way it should be.
Yup 
#Mueller doesn’t have “unfettered power”. He is following his mandate. That should be pretty obvious, considering the routes he is choosing to travel in his investigation.
Manaforts charged have literally NOTHING to do with “collusion”. Nothing. Mueller is trying to orchestrate a coup - only the partisan blind can’t see it
Mueller’s mandate isn’t exclusively about collusion. Try again.
What’s it about?

Manaforts case will put dirty cop Robert Mueller III out of business
Delusional!
Yes you are
