#WV citizen here. Please don’t judge all of us based on @DonBlankenship’s obvious insanity and criminality.
At least partially true. Trump is changing all that.
STOP AIRING NRA CONVENTION!
He's  a Killer Person
Guess thats why our unemployment is so high! Oh wait, its not! Finally get republicans running house and Senate and unemployment goes down... imagine that!
McConnell's father in law has close ties to the Chinese government.

His shipping company has been caught smuggling drugs for them.

... And Mitch McConnell owes him millions.

How is that NOT a scandal?
This would be comical if it weren't so desperately sad. China people? I had a patient who was in his 90's and looked at our neurologist (who is Asian) and said "what are you, some kind of Chinese"? He was demented. We laughed. This is not funny.
I guess the “Chinaman” ad comes next...
And this is what he thinks is appropriate to say in public. Just imagine what this yahoo says with his like-minded friends.
. Mitch is being attacked on the same level in his primary as Hillary was attacked in the general election. The worm turns. Karma is a bitch!
Holy crap lol. We're sure this isn't an SNL skit? Wow.
He said  Mitch McConnell “China people “ referring to his wife. Disgusting West Virginia!
After spending a year in prison this guy is proof our prisons system still has a problem with rehabilitation
Complicit in the 29 deaths doesn’t disqualify this racist because he’s in the party that identifies with his values.
The party that ended slavery? The party that fought for women's right to vote? The party that made the civil rights act possible? That party?

McConnel has ties to China which got his a son a billion dollar contract just like Biden and Kerry they got there sons billion dollar contracts with a China bank.This is pay for play

This guy is the actual face of today's REPUBLIKAN party, and he's incredibly tainted even by WORST VIRGINIA standards!!! "DEATH OF DEMOCRACY" http://waroncole.weebly.com 

Blankenship is absolutely correct. Cunningham is a republican in name only(RINO), a globalist socialist. He hates US Constitution but will use it to fit his needs in time. He, Nixon, Dems & other RINO's enabled communist China to grow strong by capitalism.
@MSNBC Vote Blue

Them, there China type of people, ya know......
I hope people are going to vote for Paula Jean instead of Joe Manchin to run against this guy
Blankenship is an advocate of creating of jobs via unsafe work conditions...
Killer or buffoon
MSNBC is lying. MSNBC is chicken little.
This blankenship guy is a class A moron; he should be serving a life sentence for killing this miners in WVA.
Who let this guy out of jail?
Judge in Manafort Case Orders Govt to Hand Over Unredacted Rosenstein Memo Detailing Mueller's Scope
THAT CREEPY CIRCUS CLOWN Is Not my #PRESIDENT. #MarchForOurLives I signed two Wisconsin #recall petitions #USA I am RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT
Another convicted felon to add to Trump's criminal enterprise.
Besides Donald, one of the GOP's finest.
