He should be opening investigations into the GOP enablers that are doing their best to further obstruct justice.
I admire this guy!
Good! Why should the defendant have access to evidence used against him?
If that is really what his position is. It’s a remarkably troubling statement. Congress has the subpoena power, power of the purse, and (wait for it) the power to enact legislation. This should not be celebrated.
Separation of powers doctrine. Congress has never been given files of an active investigation.
There’s no per se assertion of executive privilege unless the President has instructed the DOJ to deny congressional access to information.
Congress asserts that it has the right to obtain information from open investigation files in order to conduct necessary oversight, while the DOJ resists disclosure because of the potential for improper influence on the investigation.
Values, Morals, Principles, Laws, Integrity & Commitment to Justice! @TheJusticeDept  @FBI 
AT LAST!! ROD ROSENSTEIN IS THE MAN!! THANK YOU FOR DOING YOUR JOB ETHICALLY AND THANK YOU FOR TAKING A STAND! THESE MEMBERS OF THE GOP MUST BE CALLED OUT AND PUT IN THEIR PLACE! THEY HAVE BEEN IN DERELICTION OF DUTY AND THEY NEED TO BE ACCOUNTABLE!! 
Standard practice is not to release information to any party during an on going investigation. Everyone should know that and it shouldn't be controversial or even news worthy.
Rosenstein is emerging as a hero

DOJ FBI are part of the executive branch of government which is run by the president
I can’t wait till the November elections so the Left and reasonable Center voters can take back Congress to block Trump at every turn. The liberal Left has never been vicious, mean and hateful like the conservative Right.


Publish the list of all GOP requesting RIDocs so we can vote them out!
The next president should consider appointing this man to be AG.
Congresses investigation is over. Why do they want Mueller's notes? Are they legally allowed to see the notes? Are they being pressured to get the notes by trump?
No need to let the patients run the asylum.
Finally someone with professional cajones in the Dept of Justice. Thank Mr. Rosenstein for protecting our democracy. Our democracy has not been threaten like this since the Civil War!
Yeah and have to thank the Democrats for that also. Liberals!

Hmmm so that's the answer on the civil war? Dems were at fault for that. I don't think Manafort fired the 1st shot in that war. 
That’s the answer to Rosenstein & Mueller’s credibly and further proof it’s a witch hunt that will fail
I do agree. Some people have more common sense than others.  My mistake if I didn't understand Jonathan.
this was so awesome to watch..i have more confidence in Rod Rosenstein now. thank you #RachelMaddow
Apparently you dont know the law. He speaks bs because he has the media backing him up. The words in his speech contridict his actions making him a hypocrite . He speaks law but doesnt comply with it. Example:He refused to hand documents subpeona by congress.
He is a hypocrit
lol..well the republicans loved him from the start..j/s had nothing but good words. I'm actually agree with them now lol funny
and since when do they hand over documents during a investigation..interesting . but I don't know the law. don't have too lol its just obvious
Thank you, Rod Rosenstein.  You're a good role model, unlike some I could mention.
He needs to learn the law.  He isn't a King.  He forgot he answers to Congress and the President.  What an ass hat.
Optimistic MPMPHD1 Thank you for upholding your Oath of Office.  I admire your courage and tenacity to uphold the Constitution.
Thank you Mr. Rosenstein for standing for the Law and NOT a political party/You show the American people that our justice system can still be trusted that everyone is NOT in Trump’s pocket/You Sir, are what America can be Proud of in this troubled time. Stand Strong for the Law
@@Rosa052629191 about time Rosenstein stood up to defend the principles of department. These are men of integrity who sacrifice their family and lives to protect American. It is unfair for our president who is a liar, joke, playboy to treat this department so badly.
Rod Rosenstein is the soft spoken PRINCE VALIANT HERO we need  right now! A good and righteous man, faithful to his family and this nation! Then there is trump. A LIAR, LEAKER USING GIULIANI, CHEATER ON ALL HIS WIVES, DOESN’T PAY CREDITORS, CRIME BOSS, & PUTIN STOOGE.
Lol! Says the man who should not be involved in any of this due to his many conflicts. Funny how you lib non journalists pump this crap out instead of wanting truth. How can you support DOJ/FBI holding documents from Congressional oversight? Strozk/Page texts wound up interesting
And so speaks one who apparently believes in fake news and all things alt right...just saying
How is it fake. He complied finally after being threatened with impeachment. He was ordered by congress and refused. Get your facts right research helps
I don’t like your hair style but I love you man. Protect our U.S. Constitution from all enemies foreign and domestic Traitor politicians.  Thank you and I salute you.
Robert Jackson
All should stand with the law agains Trump, Pence racketeering team!
Stand strong Rosenstein! Rule of law first!
@realDonaldTrump Rosenstein is our only protection from Crooked Trump! Lock him Up!
Woman who sued Donald Trump for child rape breaks her silence 
http://www.thebloomfirm.com/breaking-woman-who-sued-donald-trump-for-child-rape-breaks-her-silence-today/ …

[[ https://mobile.twitter.com/ohenryhernandez/status/920827137442988033 … ]]

#MurdochPutin
#GiulianiSater
#TrumpDeripaska
#HannityAssange
Yeah, but...Trump supporters would tell you that...
Rosenstein is going to prison in the end. He is corrupt to his vile and putrid core.
Rod, I think your time is just about up! You are a “ nothing burger !”  I believe your days are numbered, along with your pals Sessions and Mueller. It’s time Mr. President! #end#witchhunt
and yet it isn't.

Always remember a good chess player is two steps ahead of amateurs. 

#TrumpRussia
Yes! Now a fed judge is saying ! I want it!
No, that’s not what the judge said! All he wants is the memo that Rosenstein wrote that talks about Mueller’s power!
That’s what I was talking about lol. Now the judge wants it. What did you think I was talking about?
You go Rosenstein we proud of you for having the balls to follow the rule of law not give in to trumps thugs band of house representatives.
Thank you sir 
You are a clear and present danger to intelligence based on that statement alone. You will follow the law or you will be impeached period.
Yay! Stand up to those mothers!
no but when they asked for documents for a investigation they have to by law turn them over.There is no investigation on Russia that was started by Hillary campaign.And now it's exposing the deep corruption that went in to protect Hillary
This isn't about Congressman being "for Trump". By not providing the documents, Rosenstein is wiping his a$$ w the Constitution. They have the Constitutional RIGHT to see whatever they want. & as our elected officials, every voter should be troubled by Rosenstein's obstruction.
@MSNBC I Support Rod Rosenstein
No, they won’t be extorted.  They’ll be cleansed from the scourge that has metastasized within for decades.
Great Man!!!!
If any extortion is to be done, it’ll be by them. They are above oversight.
Did I miss where Rodney became King?
It’s called OBSTRUCTION!  #Impeach 

Rod Rosenstein is an embarrassment to our honorable Intelligence Agencies
But the DOJ is willing to extort witnesses.  Cooperate and we will drop some,charges.   Legal extortion
Crook.
Fire the snake
Good for Mr Rosenstein. He is trying to do what's right for this country. Congress give him some backing. Again, remember ladies and gentlemen, elections are coming. You can be replaced along with the bronze statue you   seem to be afraid of.
By extorted he means treated like everyone else....And he is wrong.

Times up.  

#FBICorruption 
#DeepStateCoup 
#WitchHunt
Grow up son
Nor will the DOJ be honest or unbiased. Fire Rosenstein! He is to corrupt.
Why not ?? Because there is no there there?? Or because he is hiding something?? Or because he moved to another investigation?? Or just playing dumb???
Rogue out-of-control corrupt federal employees must be stopped him prosecuted to the full list extent of the law
Stay strong Rod!
The DOJ is being exposed everyday and the IG report hasn’t even come yet
Coverup.
@realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani Trump, Rod Rosenstein is lying, this SOB afraid of prosecution if congress get hold of documents about Rosenstein&Comey teamed up&spied on your campaign by hiring UK f dossier to destroy your presidency.get the documents  ASAP.
Extortion no but you and buddies are going to be taken down for your interference you are not above the law.
Rosenstein believes in integrity of the law yet he violates the law. Example why didnt he give congress documents they requested its his job to follow orders. He waited until threat of being impeached to http://comply.So  much for following law Rosenstein
Rosenstein applied for fisa extensions without authorization from proper authorities also without evidence to a crime. He also violated seperation of powers
This guy will be unemployed within 18 months.
Justice department is nothing but a bully. Accountability is coming to this out of control department of criminals. The lawless actions of your own are ruining what's was once a great country.
This American is not standing for the gods of corruption any more.
I demand Justice
He should be fired today by POTUS @realDonaldTrump the same guy can fire him and Mueller on a conference call.
Now they won’t be extorted??
Garbage
Best statement in months!!! #Rosenstein
Congress has oversight
And that is so sickening...but never fear...the Blue Wave in Nov is coming. #currentcongressarecowards.
New sex symbol! Move over @MichaelAvenatti!
Nunes, Meadows, and Jordan. Watch their every move.
Your not above the law you should be fired
That statement should get him impeached. It’s not up to him to withhold evidence.

Rosenstein is the only one left enforcing the Laws of our Constitution. I appreciate that.
No it's going to and must be investigated it has turned rouge.
Go Rosen , Yer th MAN !
THE EXTREMELY FEW
THE PROUD, 
" THE ETHICAL "
Then you need to investigate arrest @RealDevinNunes & @SpeakerRyan cause make no mistake Ryan is secretly working with Nunes & Trump to discredit the FBI & Mueller
Ummm, Congress is the arm of the people. He has no right not to give them that information. And the left is applauding this? COINTELPRO anyone? J Edgar Hoover?
Time for you to resign. Federal judge called out this witch hunt for what it is today. Conspiracy Network MSNBC refuses to cover this huge story. What does that tell you about them?
Humiliated Trump tries to whitewash Giuliani’s trainwreck media tour

https://shareblue.com/donald-trump-rudy-giuliani-trainwreck-facts-straight/amp/?__twitter_impression=true …

#MurdochPutin
#GiulianiSater
#TrumpDeripaska
#HannityAssange
What stand?  He has yet to provide congress with requested oversight documents
Members of Congress have already narced to Trump the last time they were given information about the case. They can't be trusted with such information anymore, *especially* not the evidence the Prosecution plans to use
LOL 
A “stand” against “interlopers” the only interlopers are the entrenched corrupt, like your boy Rosenstein. He & his criminal cabal are going down by the hand of Trump, #WeThePeople & the so called interlopers who demand #Justice & will have it.
T R I B U N A L S
Tic-Toc...
So, he's above the body that authorizes him?  Of course CNN and MSNBC thinks it's great bc it's bad for DJT.
Thank god someone will.
the eternal weasel ...
@nypost @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @washingtonpost @YahooNews @CNN @nytimes
You may not have a choice if a judge says so
