President deserves the Nobel PEACE Prize for bringing the Korean Armistice to a close after over 80 years. Peace through strength. His pragmatic leadership made this happen! Go DT!
The only collusion (steel dossier) that has been found is with the Clinton campaign. The only party that has professed communists in their ranks are the Democrats. The only person selling out our uranium to Vladimir is Hillary. And they say Trump is in bed with Russia. LMAO!!!!
Trump can't keep a porn star quiet 
How is he going to negotiate with NK
The art of the deal 
Can't make a deal 
If he could he wouldn't be in the shit hole of trouble he is in now
God blessed America Thank you President Trump for your service
Wow... more progress than any other president with them- that must burn a bit MSNBC?
@realDonaldTrump Mueller is trying to stop our POTUS from meeting with the N.K. President. 
He's trying hard to take credit for taking down our President.

It's not going to happen.  God doesn't make mistake. 

"In God and Trump we Trust."
The war is coming to hide the Trump, Pence, Ryan tax cut recession!
Very soon, sort of like Melanias' work visas? Still haven't seen those.
Note to @realDonaldTrump : Korean war ended by Moon and Kim. Summit with you has not happened. Aside from Pompeo visit to pay off NK to say nice things about you, oops yellow cake oops wrong country, you trumptydumpty have done nothing. #NoNobelprizeforyou
I hope it goes better than our economic meeting with China.
Trump says a lot of things, that doesn’t make it true.
#moron,#idiot
how about summit with bob mueller
This would be two blowhards posturing for cameras and flim-flamming us into thinking something substantive or lasting will come of it. However, once Trump scuttles the Iran deal, Kim Jong Un will cancel this tet-a-tet, phot-op, and claim Trump cannot be trusted! #nononobel
HAY!! Trump how much did you pay North Korea to be your friend.
To fast of a turn around. #follow the money
like minds
Maybe Trump was just trying to deflect from the Guliani chaos and his own changing lies and there is no Korea news coming "soon."


#Nobel
How about peace at home?  3000+ lies without correction.  Daily attacks on everything and everyone.  Every speech is hateful and divisive.
Suit  attire n hair do  ,  discussed?
@joanwalsh No doubt it'll be "something very, very special."
In other news... DT caused GDP projections over3%! Awesome economy, lowest unemployment ever, personal and Corp tax cuts, Wall is getting built, renegotiated NAFTA, put NATO and UN on notice... America 1st! That's in less than 2 yrs... Lot of smart Dems joining rhe Trump train!
Noble

He can fit it in btwn golf, and subpeonas!
He's working so hard on North Korea, and is so connected to the peace process, that he has no idea what the disposition is of the 3 prisoners they are reportedly releasing. That's close! Like ThisClose. #KoreaSummit
1. We'll see what happens. 
2. It'll be great.
3. Obama didn't ...
4. Iran...
5. Hillary...
6. But We'll see what happens. 
7. And we'll see what happens...
@MSNBC JACKASS
President Trump Was Hindu He Was Father-in-Law of Sitas Son.
It’s really hard to take this guy seriously. What a joke.
will be well fed
HE  KNOWS   NOTHING!
Here is hoping he doesn’t start WWIII
You bots need recalibrated with new material..
Is that "soon" like the "I'd love to" he told the special council?
But didn't the China Visit bottom out...?
