Yup --because people pay for stuff they don't know what's it for.  And you pay for it in *structured* chunks so it looks like something else.  Perfectly normal. Happens all the time.
Don’t forget you funnel these payments through a fake LLC.
A common practice.. hahaha haha
Me? At least twice a day
Rudy's OLD enough to know better.  What little respect we had for him is now gone. He drank the Kool-Aid.  Which also begs the question:  Has Rudy paid off women too?
He'd definitely have to pay. Acckkkk!
Now we are hearing $400k in payments, what??!!
Sure, right!
that BS meter should be on fire
It could be used to power many small countrys at this point.
DT said “Oh my goodness”?
No he didn’t say it but we are all pretending he said it so “Yes he said it!”
When was the last time you heard Donald Trump, or anyone quoting him, utter the words "Oh, my goodness!" ???
(Raising my hand) - I know I Know the answer to this one “Never!”
When you've told more than 13,000 lies in 15 months in office, what's another lie matter?
@pgammo , I enjoyed when you shared thoughtful, intriguing and educational insights about baseball... It’s sad that you choose now to just sling garbage that has no value.  #respect
The "Trump Train" has long gone off the tracks, but the Crazy Train is running full steam ahead!
Da "Trump Train"...LOL!
Rudy seems to have a completely wrong-headed notion about what constitutes plausible deniability here.

He seems to be trying to say that Trump paid Cohen back for paying Daniels off but didn't know about it for some reason.

That is laughably untrue.

*points & laughs at Rudy*
wtf???

is #RudyGiuliani SENILE?

"oh my goodness" ???

you've GOTTA' be KIDDING ! ! !
Didn't he first say something along the lines of "you're paying him a retainer and he's done no work for you, that's what we'll use it for"??
Yep. BIZARRE

It gets better by the minute! 
I agree with you Jan... this is hilarious. We are all coming together in agreement on this while throughly entertained.
That is some real bullshittery!
If he doesn’t even know where his $ is going, My God....another huge reason he shouldn’t be running the country!!! BUT....I call bs!!
Oh my goodness! Another lie!
Trump said, "Oh my goodness" like he was walking out of a building on a sunny day and found it slightly drizzling? If I were extorted $130k for something I did not do, my lawyer would call the police and file charges, not pay her off. Yet Trump supporters believe this crap?
You really think people are going to believe this now that the story has changed for the 12th time?
believe it or not - some will
Indeed, it's unfortunate and pathetic.
I Call BS. These two 70 year old men hatched a plan to try and get in front of whatever may be coming. Colluding, Conspiring thugs that both are liars.
Yep. It’s obvious. Add the fact that they think everyone else is STUPID enough to fall for it.
This is the funny part! I laughed my head off watching Rudy muck it all up. Former Federal Prosecutor got himself and Con into more legal trouble! Total idiots. 
Trump has never said "oh my goodness" about any damn thing in his miserable life.
Mock surprise and testimony from Rudy the untrustworthy isn't going to fool any judge, it's simply not credible in any way. Run @GOP run or you'l all be tarred with the same feather.

Giuliani isn't doing legal work for Trump, he's doing Crisis Management. The problem is, Trump's Administration is irreparably damaged, and
Giuliani is just the latest in a long line of Apologists and Sycophants,
trying to rearrange deck chairs on the TITANIC. SAD, VERY SAD.  :-(
Oh right, Mr. I Don’t Pay Contractors For Work Done is going to pay for services he knows nothing about ... Riiiiiight, and I have a bridge to sell you 
For someone who is supposedly rich... his accounting of money is terrible
Hahahha hahha hahahahahhagahahahahhahahahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahahahhagagagaggagagahhahababbabababbhahahhahahahhahahahahhahahajjahahhahahahahhahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahahhahahahahhahahhahahahhahahahhahahhahahahahhahhababbabababababbhahah ha.
He said Oh my goodness?? Really?? Mr. Shithole countries and grab them by the p***y said Oh my goodness.  Now its official they r corrupt liars
Spin. Spin. Spin. Spin. Spin. Spin. Spin
My fixer, a lawyer, who I have stated fixes things-  used the money that I sent him  to pay a porn star that I had sex with? "Oh my goodness" .
Goodness gracious!
Who knew?
And then he said, “I do declare, get me to mah faintin’ couch and fetch me a mint julep, Rudy. Heavens to Betsy.”
*clutches Pearls
Yes, he said ‘oh my goodness.’  Sure, that is the phrasing. 
Cheese and rice, Rudy! Who knew?
What a pile of crap! Getting Trump to shell out $10,000 a year for charities is nearly impossible. Does anybody REALLY think he wouldn’t know about $130k??? He had to cheat 10 Trump University students to net that kind of $$$.
I suspect that the 35,000/month was for something else entirely and they are trying to recast it as repayment of the Stormy Daniels money. Rudy talks like, “Oh, I see - this could have been repayment. We could say he did no legal work and this could be the repayment.”


Not true. Not now, not never.
This strains credulity.
Never in his life did Drumpf say, "Oh my goodness."
Nobody believes he said this.
The sad part is some of his supporters might...
"Oh my goodness" does sound very Trump-like, doesn't it ? I can hear him saying it (NOT).
I believe his actually words were "Goodness Gracious' sakes alive."  (he reserves "Land o' Goshen" for occasions when there is no chance of being overheard by the women-folk)
There aren't enough faces and palms in the world for this quote.
That phrase isn’t Trump speech pattern.  Conclusion: Not believable.  @RudyGiuliani thinks Americans are going to buy this “new” explanation?
LMAO... Worst cleanup job ever.

Trump responded "Jiminy Cricket! I thought the $35k per month was for @seanhannity ... He's the only prostitute I would pay that much for. Willikers!"
Oh, my goodness???
“Oh my goodness, I guess that’s what it was for”  Right, Trump said that!
BS
This guy needs to see a physician.
They need to see a exorcist...
They’re making this up as they go along.  Trump and Guiliani are hoping this sounds *logical* to people who fantasize that this sort of thing happens all the time in the everyday lives of the rich and famous.
Did he clutch his pearls as he said it?
He had the vapors.
Yeah but did you guys hear about the volcano eruption?!

Mount Rudy spewed a bunch of truth all over the place, the White House is being evacuated.
Giuliani has terrible dementia.
Trump has too!
True.
And if you believe that, I have a bridge in San Francisco I can offer you for a mere $5,000.
I'm sooooo positive that the man who called African nations "sh**holes" & bragged about grabbing p***ies NEVER used the phrase "oh my goodness." 

Just saying...
Just wow.
Oh please....the trump bullsh*t is nonstop.  Really?? He said that??? NO WAY?? Cool story , bro !!?
Trump & Co think we’re all as stupid as they are.
But we are not!! Fight the good fight!
Bullshit!
By all means, keep digging, Rudy.
Oh, my goodness! It's breathtaking the constant barrage of lies and bullshit coming from this bunch.
Trump said "oh my goodness"? Right.
sure Rudy..yeah..sure he was "surprised",, Trump always says "Oh my goodness.." .  cuz with all the #kerfuffle..and all the lawyers he's gone though..it's the first he'd heard about that..
Yeah right, because that is just how Trump speaks FFS!
Trump's Twitter archive is aging better than Giuliani (and that is saying a lot!)
Backpedaling on a mountain bike really doesn't do a thing.
Does Rudy Giuliani think we,(collectively),are as dumb as he seems to be?  :)

Yeah Right.
Enough Rudy... my sides are aching....
The is a higher probability of the pope telling someone to f*ck off than there is of Trump saying "Oh my goodness".
I’m always hearing trump use the words “oh my goodness”.. yup, very typical trump.. 
Bahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahaha. Please make the clowns stop. Who the f would be dumb enough to believe this?
His base!
So supposedly Trump doesn’t know where his money is going. And that’s who this country elected for President. A man who supposedly doesn’t know where his “Own” money is being spent. This is your #MAGA ?
And let’s not forget about Trumps own #GOP lawyer Rudy Giuliani releasing info about the reason Trump fired Comey. #ImpeachTrump #ObstructionOfJustice

like Manson and Karesh
the
cult 
will believe anything.

Meanwhile out here in the real world

RUDY & DONALD are lying criminals
#TheResistance
WE KNEW

#TheResistance
I thought Cohen said he got a home equity loan to pay Stormy?  How many times has this effin’ story changed?
@JenTromans @MSNBC I've lost count.
This is such bullshit.
Guys are you really worried about this? Because maybe the whole department of justice and the DNC concocting a steel dossier and a FISA warrant scandal more important?   Get some perspective for chrissake
It's late Rudy go to bed.
Oh my goodness never came out of Trumps mouth!
1000% CORRECT! TRUMP DOESN'T KNOW THE EXPRESSION! GOODNESS and TRUMP DOESN'T EXIST TOGETHER!
Time to raid Rudy’s house ...
So, today is clean up mess from yesterday — keep talking Giuliani
Hey! #RudyGiuliani I own a acre of swamp land right here in the SouthWest desert. You wanna buy it?
I'm wild again, beguiled again
A simpering, whimpering child again
Bewitched, bothered and bewildered - am I
45 said *oh, my goodness* - I doubt it.
We all call BS on this!!
How long must we endure Giuliani's every idiotic utterance being reported?
Appears Rudy is trying to clean up his mess.
Oh my goodness @Flotus I didn't have sex with that porn star. I tripped and fell on her. It hurt my Penis will you kiss it? LMFAO #OhMyGoodness
The words: “oh my goodness...” do not sound like words that would come out of trump’s mouth. BS Rudy!
You know it's a lie right off because can you ever imagine trump saying oh my goodness
if POTUS is that stupid and ill-informed, he has no business running this country. This should terrify everybody.
Oh my!  My morning laugh reading this.  Sure, Giuliani, you can try to push that version but doubt it will stand up for long.
Did he put one finger over his lips as he said "oh my goodness"? Yeah, I call BS.

Anyone who's listened to trump is saying BS.
oh yeah... and we are really buying that BS... NOT
But we are not surprised, Mr. Giuliani; we're used to his and your LIES!
LOL somebody needs to turn Rudy off. Or not.
In his case words don’t matter, documentation is required.
Hahahahaha lies lies I say!!
Mr. President under election law you were required to return inappropriate loans or contributions.Refunding contributions. Campaigns may refund any contribution but must refund or otherwise disgorge a contribution that is from a prohibited source in excess of contribution limits.
Oh please!

He should really get his story straight.
TRUMP DID NOT INVENT EVIL

he just gave it Celebrity Status

#TheResistance
I cannot imagine trump EVER saying oh my goodness.
Oh my goodness, oh my ass
This abhorrent excuse for a human being and the words, “oh my goodness” have never crossed paths. And Lordy, they never will.
Is this the Dennis Miller joke we’ve all been waiting for? #RudyGiuliani #DennisMillerJokeDay #Rudy #MichaelCohen #Giuliani #Hannity #StormyDaniels #TrumpColluded #Mueller
Omfg
Yeah right ...
Kinda falls in the “ dog ate my homework “ category.
Yeah because tramp is known for his appropriate and measured responses especially hearing about hush money being paid for an alleged affair that didn't happen right before the election. And then being a good guy pays Cohen back 3 fold. Yeah sounds totally believable.
Oh My Goodness 
Good Lord! Lying old men!

The NRA are terrorist
How stupid do they think the American people are ? Aside from his base. Seriously I can’t listen to this crap anymore
No flipping way Trump said "oh my goodness!"
It's the only thing that Trump has ever paid for in full and in time.
 Bullshit always makes me laugh.
Rudy Giuliani is as HUGE A LIAR AS OUR HUGE FAKE @POTUS @realDonaldTrump IS!!!
This old fool I think has Alzheimer’s
Aaaawwwwweeeee.....what a bunch of crap!!!!!!!!
Yeah like that sounds believable. Pathetic. Rudy Giuliani went on a downhill spiral about 10 years ago and has never recovered
No no Rudy.... THAT’S what Spanky said when he unzipped his pants.
Who in their right mind thinks DT has EVER said "Oh my goodness!" ???
Lord these guys are so full of shit if not for their money and power they would already been thrown in JAIL.
Total BS!

That cheap bastard, he didn’t mean actually pay her
Sure.  We all forget what we are paying for when we “funnel” thousands thru our lawyers or a made up LLC!
"oh my goodness" sounds just lie tRump. I guess they think we are all stupid. Would love to know their endgame.
Every time Rudy opens his mouth to say something Mueller laughs hysterically at him.
Hahaha.. Anyone believe this? And I doubt trump has ever said oh my goodness. These people... Smh
#WhoMadeDeathThreatsToKatieJohnson ?
Bull$hit! This, the health report, the economy, & everything which has happened for the past 465 days are all BS and un American. We have become a #BananaRepublic  I still cannot believe all this is happening in our once great country. #FakePresident
Giuliani said he divulged new payoff info to get ahead of FBI findings that prove Trump did repay Cohen & $$ was not campaign funds. How many times can Trump & his ppl use these same tactics? Nobody is fooled by this but his undereducated base. What begins as a lie ends as a lie
“Oh my goodness”! Now doesn’t that sound like a comment from trump? the next one will be ,”Dearie me”! Trump must be spending time with Aunt Bea? Instead of FL he will be going to Mayberry!
good grief. Maybe it’s Giuliani whose surprised.
Biggest load of BS. Trump knew what it was for, had sex with her, paid hush money for it, and then tried to cover it up.
LMAO! Giuliani keeps digging that hole! .  Hey genius, if your guy says “that must’ve been what the money was for”, he’s admitting  he did something requiring the payment. It’s like finding a $500 discrepancy in ur checking acct then going outside to find the new gas grill!
A week on the job and Giuliani knows more than @realDonaldTrump about his personal finances, yeah I’m not biting.
Yeah, right.

How stupid does he think we are? I mean, really.
Oh my goodness..the man who calls women..cxxt..

Do they think the people are stupid? Well, 30% might be. Talking to their base.
Man, I can’t wait to see the movie about these morons!  Shit keeps getting better and better.
Rudy - we aren’t as stupid as trump supporters.  Go back to oblivion and stop spinning the truth
Oh I’m sure that’s exactly how that exchange went down. And Trump’s next sentence was..... “oh my stars and garters, whatever will I do?”
@cnn @realDonaldTrump Guiliani on Fox is New Strategy 2 Trump Base good guy Trump vs bad guys investigating him! Isn’t DOJ/FBI Investigating Guiliani for Collusion with Certain FBI Agent Friends during 2016 election when he said on TV Watch 4 News against Clinton! Prosecute him!
Giuliani’s train  is off the track
I please!
He said "Oh my goodness"? Really? That's what he's going with? Sorry, Rudy 'time to retire' Guiliani, the only people ignorant enough to buy that bullshit are Trump supporters. #TryAgain #MoreLies #TickTock
I guess Rudy didn’t get permission to tell the partial truth after all or perhaps they changed their story again once they realized how damaging Rudy was on Hannity.

Lying sack of ahits

Oh My Goodness? Yeah I figured that. Thank God now I can go back to writing my letter to Santa Clause. Our Country has had nothing but embarrassment since the #LiarInChief took office.
@msnbc @JoeNBC  has it occurred to ANYONE that maybe Rudy’s blabbing about the reimbursement was not a mistake ??? Don’t forget that DT snubbed Rudy and Christie and these guys don’t like being made a fool!! @TheLastWord  trump hoisted by his own petard !!yes!
“Attorney-client privilege is dead!”
-@realDonaldTrump, what seems like 4,630,891 days ago.
Giuliani: "You're not going to see daylight between the president and me." That's what Trump's defense team needs: Someone who thinks and acts like him and talks publicly more often.
They just can't get their stories straight. That's what happens when you lie, lie, lie. You can't recall which lie you told last. Right @realDonaldTrump ?
Now for the great walk back and continued criminal cover-up.
...never heard/seen trump ] respond with 'oh my goodness'....let's see the EVIDENDE.
This is a blatent insult to all our intelligence..
Look America, I know it’s going to be hard. Picking a president isn’t like picking candy. When you pick an idiot who could set the world on fire you have to give it a lot more thought. Voting for #Republicans, that’s just insane. They’re helping Trump cover up his crimes. @GOP
Hahahaha... hahahaha..

Rudy is destroying the Democrat narrative and they can't stand it.

Sounds like a child caught in a lie
Not believable. Not for a nanosecond.
Stand up comics...what a bunch of dopes!
"Oh my goodness"??? You can come up with a better lie than that! You're professional liars!
You are full of crap!
He was aware he was not aware these two idiots are insane
LOL exactly how stupid do they think the voters are in this country?  

they will find out in Nov
he's lying
There is no fucking way the words "oh my goodness" came out of his mouth.
Well we all know its BS. Why isn't MSM reporting that this is BS????
DT has never said, "Oh My Goodness."
Now theyre making up insult our intelligence type shit.
Oh swell, don't you have a home to go to Rudy? You old men have totally lost it.  Really you are foolish!
I’m offended by how stupid the Trump administration thinks I am.
Rudy Giuliani, tell us more!
Not only do they lie about everything, they are so bad at it it’s insulting...  and even sadder , trumps cult members eat this shit up .
So, he lied on prayer day too?
Nice try
Looks like Rudy took a suppository and put it in the wrong oriface. He has diarrhea of the mouth. He's also told 3 different stories. What happened to Rudy? Trump brings out the worst on everyone or does he only amplify what is already there?
That’s such obvious bullshit.
