
The last word? Shouldn't it be called the last lie??
MSNBC is not journalism.  You don’t report on what is going on in this world and the things our President is doing to make the world a better place for all, Republican and Democrat.  You take cheap shots and show disrespect. You lack sincere journalism.
Did you actually say journalism?? 
You mean the first and last lie ?
Show is worthless and weak
I have no clue.  I don't watch mainstream media ever.  I didn't really pay any attention to which show I had pulled up for my tweet.
#fakenews
#bigly
In other news... DT IS WINNING FOR AMERICA! Projected GDP OVER 3% !  Unemployment lowest in history! Go DT! Mueller in trouble from Fed Judge who said he lied, that he was on a witch hunt to impeach our President!
Not thank you 
Pure propaganda no real news
I think MSNBC is totally right .......... Sarah Sanders should stop  wasting her time with the mainstream media and trying to make them  happy.   They think everything is a lie and they wouldn't know the truth  if they heard it anyway.  But they think Wolfe and Behar are cute.
So, @amjoyshow still works there?
Did I hear that MSNBC is one of  FakeNews networks.
I will pass #FakeNews
Wow...it looks like many people don't love @TheLastWord 
No thanks, I prefer REAL NEWS instead of tabloid political gossip.
@Isaacgreen reports better than used MSNBC. So does @jamesmunder. Boy I wish I could report a bunch of lies and make that much money like MSNBC. But I have a conscience and a soul.
Just a Bunch of Bobble heads all agreeing with no facts or truth behind ur Wild Accusations!
Is there a livestream or archived stream of the audio and video from various programs?
The Rick Maddow show...journalist? lol
Why is the lady on the left not terminated?
Tune out TV, Report facts not fiction
you call them journalism how many fake storys are you going to report you all know the trump team did nothing wrong you just don't like him that's wrong the last time I new I lived in America not ruissa
Nothing but porn, Fox News is the way to go

@stephenspeaksup, please. I swear I’ll hurt myself if you make me watch this “sharpness, clarity, and detail”
....sucks....
The mainstream media have lost its touch on the truth. What happen to innocent until proven guilty. I could not believe that journalism will be attack by the people that shld orotect it. When the lies are twisted & becomes the truth. And the audience are fixated to the narrative.
Is this a joke? I don’t get it
The dream Disinformation team. With few words impact everyone’s bowels. If not glowing words for liberals then contrarians
It looks like the number of replies, forward says everything about the whole busliad of people who even watch your programs.
Why wasn't this on your nightly broadcast.  That's why I don't watch you!

FBI Attorney whi exchanged anti-Trump text messages with Peter Strozok  resigned on Friday, The Daily Caller News Foundation has learned.

The FBI confirmed that the lawyer, Lisa Page, tendered her resignation.
Why was this store allowed to murder kids and poison our community for so many years ?
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
Sharp Journalism is not the right words to describe #MSNBC #CNN #ABC. True journalism is dead. The news media have become bullies, toxic, and negative. Want to be a true sharp journalist? How about start with you. #fakenews
You are all disgusting on your station. Your being not adult at all. Your cry babies over every thing.

I love Brian Williams' last word. I like  others when they have one. I like the show "Last Word" when Lawrence O'Donnell isn't there.
NONE OF THE ABOVE!!!!
Look at all the trolls!
Assemblage of 
Trump is toast and these idiotic comments are meaningless.
lol
No thanks.

@MSNBC Okay
Or use Sirius XM take MSNBC everywhere never miss a broadcast
No one wants to listen to lies
Especially when Ali Velshi is reporting 
The last word?
