So what? Even if it is a campaign finance violation, it’s not really a big deal...
Not the same. Quiet hush money for the benefit of a running candidate is what is the problem. Like what happened to John Edwards and he wasn't able to run. The case you just brought is about not reporting on a 20 day bracket contributions of 1k made to the campaign
Preach!
Maybe if you would stop obsessing over this fool , your network would not have had to made a retraction on a fake news story from fake unnamed sources!!  American people want real news, not news stories from 12 years ago!  Private matter, private citizen in 2006.
No one cares
Avenatti is in DEEP financial troubles. 
Why won't the News Media report on this???
You just have to wonder how long it will be before Melania calls him to represent her in the divorce!
I bet M Avenatti will get his own show in either MSNBC or CNN just like James Clapper who leaked lying about it-- Started working for MSM--
Perhaps you did at that...

Fell for $130,000 and now need more?
This type garbage is how Americans can tell that the ambulance chaser has no case.
He is prosecuting it in the media.
Liberalville has about 80 days left to heap praise and adulation on the has been pornstar prostitute!
If it was up to me, I would put Michael Cohen and family under law enforcement protection.
No one cares
@RudyGiuliani Michael Avenatti tells Lawrence there were “extensive communications” between Michael Cohen & Stormy Daniels’ first lawyer that the payment to her “had to be made in advance 2016 election”! That’s going to smart!
Lawyers do lie like dogs .......
Nobody cares.
When are you guys gonna realize this clown is taking you for a ride?
not true this man who has worked for Biden and Obama has been paid by the men/No communication with Cohen and Stormy who never had a affair with http://Trump.Now  for him to prove this
Sounds like extortion to me.
No one really cares about this!!!
One more nail in the coffin. And Mueller has the hammer. And many, many more nails... most made in Russia, some in money laundering plants, some minted by colluders... a downright potpourri of illegal activities from the giant, stinky sachet in DTs closet, next to his skeletons.
When liar lawyer Giuliani starts attacking honest Avenatti/It's time to change Law School Curriculum/Lies pour forth from White House too in a shower of confetti/Gone is White House grace and its past tradition of decorum
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Another SOB added to the rest of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA
Can you say extortion
How isn’t this a story of blackmail? The fact that a consensual affair happened yrs and yrs ago, a porn “star” essentially blackmailed a presidential candidate, signed a NDA and got paid 130k reneged on the deal telling her story (1side) somehow became Trumps bad is insane
@MSNBC Good Interview
Time to release the DVD !
So of course msnbc believes avenottiwhat’s new?
Trump raked Hillary Clinton over the coals for being an enabler, being a fixer, making the women go away. Or trying to. Remember he tried to rattle her by having some of these women in the audience. 

Trump couldn't afford to have his "fixes" come out that close to the election.
Again who cares

Want to know what Trump and Rudy are afraid of?  Why are they getting out front of the Stormy Daniels payment now?    How about other NDA agreements.  According to Steve Bannon in Fire and Fury - "a hundred" women
…

Why hasn't #StormyDaniels been charged with blackmail? 
@nytimes @CNN @FoxNews @MSNBC Who cares MSNBC is so behind the times they don’t even know what news is
Who cares @realDonaldTrump

1. "Storm in a Double D cup" : Stormy Daniels has enraptured MSM who are giving her more coverage than a new British royal baby or even a Kardashian/West for that matter.  
What Trump did as a private citizen in a consensual relationship is of no…
who is paying skanky stormy's lawyers...clinton foundation, DNC, CNN, NBC?
and the Easter bunny is real
How does any of this matter? It happened before he was president and there’s nothing illegal about it.
It matters because it shows his character.
Who is annoyenatti?
This is a porn star who decided to take money and have a legal and binding agreement. What the hell are we talking about this shit for?
That statement helps trump and cohen case


So was this a bribe to shut her up or blackmail by her to go away? 
The Fox and further right folks are out in full force.

NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong. Problem is, like so many others, the sources probably don’t exist, they are fabricated, fiction! NBC, my former home with the Apprentice, is now as bad as Fake News CNN. Sad!
#FridayFeeling #Trump #MAGA 

What ever happened to sex harassment in Congress and the fund being used to hush victims?

That's the real #Stormy question.

Time to look at that and the IT guy who Democrats gave access to their email and turned out to be a spy. 

Keep #MSM busy.
Big news. Maybe that correspondence stating payment HAD to be made to Stormy before the election is what's in the vault?
Lies. Fake news.
*Extensive Extortion Demands. Fixed it for ya
Bs....pathetic that msnbc pushes this rhetoric is there not real news to report?
No one cares.  And only if Rudy had personal contact with Cohen and Cohen told him this, no one else would know.
