What resistance? Resisting what???
Msnbc is carrying water for the Dems again!!! FAKE NEWS!!!
Democratic Party is dead , there is socialist pretending to be democrats

IF WE THE people here on Twitter don't do ANYTHING else this weekend ................ WE NEED TO POUND ALL THE NEWS FROM TODAY INTO THE MAINSTREAM MEDIA UNTIL THEY GET THEIR REPORTING RIGHT!!!

…
Question what ever happened to the 4 Republican that said I think Trump is paying Putin for the presidentcy
So has she taken the DNA test yet.  I mean if she's unafraid and all...
Guess resisting success, peace and prosperity is a thing now
I think Trump would love it if she's his opponent in 2020.

The liar who fraudulently claimed Native American heritage to obtain a professorship? She is a criminal and should be jailed for fraud.
Tell Pocahontas we still insist on a DNA test so we can prove what a corrupt liar she is! @elizabethforma
Ask for DNA test to be done on air
Shut up and sit down, Warren. Your vote doesn't count and your constituents are ashamed of you. Bye bye Elizabeth. Your epitaph will read ' here lies a a Stupid person who left the world without ever connecting with other humans'. How about becoming an American, dummy.@SenWarren
Elizabeth Warren the voice of democrats. What native tribe did you say you are a decendant of?

She is not an Indian and has profited and benefited from this lie and the liberal mainstream media goes la de da.
#Pocahontas why was this store poisoning our community? Citizens were being arrested charged with possession wile this store was allowed to poison hundreds and thousands of citizens!
Why was @CityofJax letting #SmokersVideo in #Jacksonville #Florida poison our community with deadly synthetic Cannabinoids #Opioids Vs #SpiceWeed #BoycottSpringBreak 
What about that real native American Indian running against her and he’s a Republican conservative. He also looks pretty much Indian to me rather than Pocahontas here.  True fact someone is running against her and he’s a Native American. #RealIndian
Current D.C.Dems are pathetic..The best of the lot was thrown under the bus in a NY minute by Schumer and the other dingbats..Al Franken was railroaded by his own party..Elizabeth Warren ? Lol get out of here..
I’m hoping everybody gets out to vote and really use common sense when you choose these ass hats There’s always a better choice plus it needs to be done for the legal people’s sake in this country! Almost a corporate takeover by democrats The way they run their self
You failed and the other party prevailed. Get over it and stop the socialist agenda and maybe you will get elected once again.
Funny that she is considered a leader in the party!
she is not the biggest voice in the democrats.I guess you have to write this for her since she is going on your show.She does not tell the truth.Supports illegals over legal citizens
An embarrassment for all
Run Pocahontas run. We will bury you while making America great again
Lol did she take that DNA test yet?
Squaw is heap big on warpath.
-‘Real Indian’ Senate Candidate Sues After City Orders Removal of Signs Calling Elizabeth Warren a ‘Fake Indian’
-
-'Real Indian' challenging Elizabeth Warren must remove signs calling her a fake Indian, city says
A true woman for the people. The opposite of trump!
Robot alert @TwitterSafety
Pocahontas
She is a piece of 
Why does Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders continue to help Trump and Trump Thumpers?
Liz is a blowhard - full of herself.
. @SenSanders @SenWarren
Never! Her voice alone makes me cringe!!!
This will not end well.
@MSNBC I @SenWarren Of Massachusetts
Oh my i almost peed myself laughing
You guys at MSNBC have been full of laughs this week
Keep it up. Keep backing Elizabeth 

I smell winning
Pocahontas
democratic resistance......yeah, that will win elections
Great but who they he'll do we have that we can run and win with in 2020. It's only 2 years away and Im not seeing a single viable candidate?
I lost my love for @senwarren after she stabbed Hillary in the back; and the fact she hangs out with @berniesanders who will bring the democratic party down.
We KNOW. #MAGA #POTUS #QANON #Kaynewest #NRA
Let me say this until senator Warren  takes a DNA test to show she is part American Indian she is not going to be successful at a run for the Presidency It goes that if she refuses it means she knows she has no Indian heritage I for one would want to know if it was me
Dems need new young blood
DNA test required
WOW Pocahontas is truly Amazing
Then again she lies about her history & her heritage. She’s a wingnut plain & simple. I don’t think Democrats are going to have too many wins in November.  Seriously speaking what are they really going to run on? Lol. Pretty much this Presidents taken care of The countries issues
Warren is a joke she’s a communist thinking politician that wants to strip Americans of all their rights she must be stopped for the good of the United States
#Lieawatha
dEmOcRaTiC rEsiStAnCe
hmm  why won't see take her DNA test that her opponent wants her to take  to prove she's of Indian Heritage?  Because she LIED, and cheated the  system to get a high paying job that could have went to a real minority
I hear the Atlanta Braves chop song now

#MAGA #POTUS #QANON #Kaynewest #NRA  We KNOW
She is a nut, not a leader.
HUGE: Federal judge accuses Mueller's team of 'lying,' trying to target Trump: 'C'mon man!'

http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2018/05/04/federal-judge-accuses-muellers-team-lying-trying-to-target-trump-cmon-man.html …
Resistance? How bout something positive?
#pocahontas
Key word is resistance. How is that good for our country 
You mean Pocahontas?
Elizabeth Warren is good in fighting Trump but not in much else
