not true every thing you are bring out are lies.The president has come out more then once to say the democrats and media are going after him with attacks on his http://name.No  investigation is going on.This is more lies to slander his name this is all illegal

Shifty Pruitt ... King of the Swamp...
Thief.
Draining the swamp in the Republicans parallel universe.
Pruitt needs to go.
Yet he still has a job!
It is corruption! This man needs to go!
Shut Off Ridiculous MSM Fake News Propaganda
WATCH LIVE: 
President Trump Speech at NRA Leadership Forum
Must See:
The message of the @realDonaldTrump administration n #GOP is to destroy n make money from destroying this country n it's funny but the one who said this was ben carson about obama yet he is with the party doing this n he has his hand in the cookie jar
And our corrupt president stands by him!
Of course. The greenies hate him, they want him dead.
No, I want him to do his job which is protect the environment. It's the Environmental Protection Agency NOT  the Big Business Protection Agency.
The GOP CONGRESS is letting them get away with it. They know Traitor Trump likes corrupt grifters that just like him. But Congress does have ability to do something about this.
Unfortunately, GOP derelict in their duty to America so...
About time! Get this maniac out and into jail!!
All of them should be forced to pay back the full amount of tax payer money they have wasted with interest per days n extra for other things done 
They all did this more than once even after the first warning n removal of price
Spend Spend Spend. Kill our environment, help corporate gain. Abuse of power, without accountability. Congress, Senate talk about spending tax payers$. What's the message? @realDonaldTrump
Fire this POS
I think he overflushed a urinal last Tuesday resulting in water waste.  Let's backtrack on every breath of each cabinet member of the previous administration, then we'll compare.
What’s not fresh is your Trump collusion story.
Thanks for being biased.
and yet nobody in the #GOP or #TrumpSwamp sees anything wrong with this.... #TrumpIsNotAboveTheLaw #TrumpIsAMoron #ScottPruitt is a POS
Pruitt's new defense - but Zinke is a worse grifter than me......
Liars, let's comment on the rebuke the Federal judge just gave to Mueller's team. He called them out for trying to unseat a duly elected president. About time. Of course bullshit news like you won't report that, doesn't fit your narrative.
Draining the swamp is difficult.
did Scott Pruitt order the shoe phone as well........he does have all the other gizmos
My fear for him is that he will be forced out before the big "everybody goes to jail" wave, and we'll get to live the rest of his life in Freedom.
Okay even the Republicans in the back room must be saying I can't believe all the crap that these guys are getting away with.
Why does Pruitt still have a job
