He's like a child caught in a lie, who rather than admit guilt, keeps searching for someone else to blame. Could there be a man less suited to the Presidency?
No
Cause you always have to have a press conference to correct all the wrong stuff your lawyer said.  Par for the course.
The expression is: the blind leading the blind.
Sadly, neither potus nor Giuliani are capable of getting their facts straight.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS You really should keep a book on all the #Lies you’ve told and and the #corrupt moves you make. For someone as #psychotic as urself. Might help, but I doubt it. #TrumpRussiaCollusion You and ur #Complicit @GOP will fail.
Translation: Giuliani will get his lies straight
I hope Rudy stand up for himself like Nikki did
Giuliani can’t get Trump’s facts right!
Ugh. He really makes me sick.
Rudy's facts are probably straight. Skippy is the one to keep the facts straight without lying!
"President Trump Does The Obvious"

Please use this title for an article.
I really don't understand who he is trying to convince. Impeach
No,we already know what the story is.
Keep spinning it.
I think Rudy threw Trump under the BUS!
Yes, get with the Trump team racketeering club talking points!
Those two deserve each other!!
To make sure to tell the same kind of lies that have already been told
@realDonaldTrump yet he doesn't set the "facts staight"..lol
He means get his lies straight.
“Throws his lawyer RG under the bus” FAKE NEWS

Michael Avenatti tells Lawrence there were “extensive communications” between Michael Cohen & Stormy Daniels’ first lawyer that the payment to her had to be made in advance 2016 election https://on.msnbc.com/2rjuSPR 
Oh what a tangled web they weave.....
EVERYONE in this White House LIES.

dumpie trumpie, one brow raising sarah, no marbles left  rudy!
I call for an investigation into Congress for obstructing governmental operations for interfering with duties of the POTUS @realDonaldTrump. The voters will conduct one at the polls in November.
@realDonaldTrump, the Trump Administration, and the @WhiteHouse all need to 'get the facts straight'.
Rudy Giuliani hasn't practice in 30 years in the law field. I guess Trump assume.
You mean he will get your facts sraight?
Someone needs to throw Trump under a bus
Trump needs to get his facts straight.
MSNBC throws him under the President under the bus daily.  He still gets up.
Trump is a lying SOB on anything he address
MSNBC lies by omission.
he has not thrown Rudy under the bus.Rudy just got started he know the laws and he knows DC and how corrupt the democrats really are.There the criminals in this.The IG report is coming and fbi and doj look worse then http://ever.Page  and baker quit
Translation—Make Up a Lie that his  Moronic supporters Will believe...
@MSNBC Lol
Trump should resign!!!
Get his facts straight!? Isn't it his JOB to do that first before shooting off his mouth? He's a damn liar like his boss. Period!
Trump is nobody's friend!!
Hey Donald ! Which facts are you gonna run with??
For every lie White House needs clarification/Still chaos and confusion keep mounting/Hypocrisy is Trumpian altar for all-purpose deification/For crimes in high office there is no accounting
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0999524313/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1510242438&sr=1-1&keywords=Friends+Incarnate%2C+Farzana+Moon …
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 

Spoken as a true President #TheRealDonaldTrump LMAO
Scarier to see weasel Kerry interfering in international policy...
How's that throwing him under the bus
And people keep believing this con artist.
Of course Giuliani is a rooky, he is still training to be a lawyer.
You mean that he will get your lies straight so that you guys are on the same page the page of lies and deception
Maybe one day, you will get your facts straight too
Why would that surprise anyone? He thre Cohen under the bus. This is just another attorney.
@realDonaldTrump is requiring Giuliani to attend Trump University and take the get your lies straight classes. Geez, Rudy , are you really this stupid or have you lost your mental accuity to be able to correctly parrot the trump lies?
That's right..after I tell him which lies I want told..
Trump will throw anyone under the bus if he gets attacked because of them.wlll not fight for any of his people.I wonder if he takes some of his profit from tax payers paying for his stay at his places & gives to those in WH who need help paying for lawyers
Not true. More fake news. This news is on a socialistic aggenda.
I’d like to hear Trump explain it
He will get his facts straight ones Donald tells him what he supposed to say to everybody or tell him what he supposed to lie about everybody #LiarInChief
Jake Tapper said it best:  "Maybe Guiliani should have got the Hush Money".      Spanky,  Guiliani DID get the facts straight.
Of course
Wish he would be booted out as he has been a war monger for ages and Trump has enough of this ilk around him such a Bolton!
3.9 Unemployment. President Trump job approval rating at 49%, Reuters
If he lies about this, he is most definitely lying about his ties to Russia
Do why doesn’t @POTUS tell Meuller the facts instead of leaving it to the clown lawyers he keeps hiring
BUT...BUT....STORMY!....and RUDY!....and COHEN!....and UNDER THE BUS!...OH THE HUMANITY!!!!...uh...anything newsworthy going on?

You mean better sync the lies.
I have a bunch he has his facts close to straight in his rambling style or both of you are lying with two fake scenarios.
Looks Like we all Got ye facts straight Its all Damn Scam
@realDonaldTrump @RudyGiuliani hey MSNBC, get a real f life, who gives a shit about people private life?Talk about fucking immigration flooded our country&we must pay for their housings,education,food stamp,clothing,health care for refugees,illegals&asylums.
Giuliani thrown under the bus by Trump. How many buses does Trump have?
You mean, get your STORIES STRAIGHT...ONE LIES THE OTHER SWEARS TO IT..Go figure.
Giuliani wouldn't say those things without Trump's blessing. But since the planned backfired, typical Trump admits he knew nothing & made Giuliani look like a complete fool.
@realDonaldTrump I believe you misspoke Rudy will get his STORY straight.... that’s how coverups work right? Everyone gets the same story and sticks with it. You have no credibility. Your representation is a farce. You’re presidency is illegitimate and may your jail time be long!
Actually it was to the back of the bus
Soooo when are you gonna get the facts straight bone spurs?

You call that throwing him under the bus?
God knows if I ever have legal problems I hire a lawyer who has trouble keeping the facts of my case right. You clearly hire the best people.
This is his MO!
What can sane Americans do about this mysoginist lying miscreant? Asking for a few million friends...

More Trump lies.
