and yet all the Republicans will still vote for her
How sad is that? Do they care nothing for our children?
the teachers union doesnt NO neither do DEMS no longer teach cursive proper English K more
Well They taught it to my children, looks like you missed those classes!
I am old they taught everything including RELIGION &we had respect 4 every1 &got paddled
I'm on fixed incom &cant afford catholic school voucher what I want public school terrible
public schs need some changes,why we need someone to head the agency with experience
we agre on that I believe nominee can get it done sometimes takes outsider 2 get job done
Her being stated as Vice President of her mother's foundation is a CLERICAL ERROR? What ELSE is she lying about?
when did they say that? Please show me that testimony
It's easy to find. I won't do your homework for you.
she understands it just fine the program works in FL Senator doesn't like the answer that's all& didn't let expln
no she didn't wasn't given chance 2answer &tried 2say 93% FL parents HAPPY w/spec need educ system u ddn't lke answr
thank you for advocating for students with disabilities! Your questions helped show  #BetsyDeVos isn't qualified 4 DOE sec.
@BetsyDeVos is completely unfit for this position. As a parent with special needs kids I am repulsed and will fight
U don't wnt your $ 2take your child 2best possbl school WOW I DO dn't listn 2either READ
No, she didn't...I watched the hearing and she said the $ should follow the individual student in any school
Negative https://www.youtube.com/embed/fftskn5HFdA … @SenatorHassan
Hassan refused to enforce the law and allowed my former non-verbal autistic student "Axel" to be falsely portrayed in a public film.
GO MAGGIE!
just watched your video and you were FANTASTIC!  God help us if DeVos is approved.
Sen. Hassan, I was impressed with the excellent questions you asked Mrs. DeVos. She lacked a basic understanding of IDEA.
Horrifying!! Just wait until all "their" children R denied IEP's & services! #schoolchildren #StopDeVos
Besids tillerson confirmtn DeVos is as disturbg bc this positn is respnsbl 4 the most vulnrble in society she is oblivious 2
She has lived and breathed the voucher system; it will take a lot to educate her about her elitist attitude & how the US is a big place.
then she cannot have the job
her lack of knowledge & understanding about the #IDEA is disqualifying! I'm mortified for kids with needs.
DeVos is so wholly unqualified, and uninformed on ongoing edu issues, and existing laws. Please vote no!
@jeremyscahill @YouTube Please sign and share!
Reasnbl ppl wld nevr consdr liftg gun safe zones. Bears? Ask some1 in CT if gunman was targtg bears whn ther childrn wer shot
pathetic
she also has a frightening extremist Christian agenda, like most of the incoming cabinet https://twitter.com/ReaderAdrift/status/821380089359298560 …
I'm forgetting Mike Pence. HUGE Evangelical, likely Dominionist. This conversion therapy advocacy is shared by him & many.
- Thank you. We appreciate your efforts to protect our children. Do not allow DeVos the post. #BetsyDeVosNeedsSomeSchooling
Keep fighting for all our children and grandchildren..we need an educated population to ensure our future!
You made your constituents very proud!
She is a billionaire whose goal is to raid the education coffers,take away pub ed, make $ off loans 4 sub std charter shs NO
@jeremyscahill @YouTube How can this be stopped???
As an educator, I thank you for your advocacy.
god bless
you really believe this woman was listed as vice president 9 times & it was a clerical error?
LOL, literally!
When is the vote?
It's no secret maj. of GOP believe handicapped are just a societal drain. This hits home.  UNACCEPTABLE
Did you catch the all students of any age deserve a safe and equal education rhetoric; no mention about disabilities.
She won't ensure services for people with special needs, and her goal is to use tax money for Christian education.
Wow. What a pos.
I'm appalled. Thank you for asking these critical questions.
Good for you, Senator!
Thank you for fighting the good fight. So scary all these millionaires taking over jobs they know NOTHING about.
She is survival-of-the-fittest Party member.  She'll give them what they need if they bow & beg properly.
This issue affects thousands of families w/children w/disabilities, including #TrumpTrain families, does this not shake you to your core?
Republicans dont care about the kids, just their people are in. What happened to pay for play. She don over 2Mil
@lapham_katie @YouTube THANK YOU for pushing back! @SenSanders @SenFranken @SenWarren
@jeremyscahill @democracynow public school educators r using #DumpDeVos Please check out + @NPEaction @J4J_USA #BetsyDeVos
As a special education teacher....I thank you!
thank you for speaking up and doing it so eloquently !!!  We need your voice!
thank you for advocating for my child who is differently abled.Sensitivity isn't good enough! #NotoDeVos
It is very hard to enforce school districts to provide help WHEN the budget committees are constantly lowering them 
You are my hero! Thank you 
WOW!!  Thank you!!  I am in tears.  Thank you for fighting for our children, ALL of our children.
@dyslexiaUSA8 Thank You.
This nominee's lack of understanding is an affront to all Americans, thank you for continuing to fight for us!
I have skin in this game. Don't confirm someone who doesn't want these standards -- & to hold private schools to same ones!
MS DeVos knows nothing about IDEA. Federal funds are not required to guarantee access to a free, appropriate education.
if only we could have nominated someone who could have won... but instead we get this. ty for nothing senator.
@jeremyscahill
thank you for your questioning. Moms of disabled kids are terrified by this nominee.
Senator, on behalf of my family, thank you SO much for speaking up for kids with disabilities. I was floored at DeVos' answer
Thank you for asking the hard and very important questions about IDEA.  From one mom to another, you rock!
Senator, thank you for the tough and important questions and for fighting for us. We appreciate you!
Unacceptable! Thank for asking the important questions. Education is a civil right for ALL students.  #DumpDevos
That was about the most polite ass spanking I've ever seen.
You are doing a FANTASTIC job of questioning her. Keep fighting!! And keep up the great work you do for us!
and refused to commit to Title IX protections for rape victims
@BetsyDeVos is too busy protecting our kids from Grizzly attacks to worry about disabled kids, cut her some slack.
@BetsyDeVos
as a father of son with autism...  Thank You!!!
Thank you so much! You were brilliant and spoke for so many of us. Please let me know how I can support your defense of IDEA!
@funder @YouTube She is anunqualified corrupt smug billionaire She must not be appointed or our children's education will die
@funder @YouTube This woman has no Clue! No to trumps KKKABINET
@peabots13  Nice job Sen. Give her hell!
@funder @YouTube how can trump support that...hmmm..
eye-opening.  Thanks for pressing her.  She's not qualified for this job.
Doing God's work!
You were magnificent yesterday. I'm from TN but if you ever run for a nation-wide office, I'm with you!!!
@SenSchumer @SenKaine PLEASE DON'T confirm DeVos. Knows nothing of education.Sen Kaine got a real answer-No from a y or no Q.
@Tamaraciocci @YouTube thanks Sen. As mom of asd kid, I needed to hear u ask those questions. DeVos is uniquely unqualified!
@SenWarren @SenSchumer u have me in tears I'm so thankful. Don't back down
Thank you for your leadership and advocacy on this issue
@5 said she wouldn't read now graduating w/regents local diploma at 19 in a dfrnt LI pblc sch dist 
Thank you @SenatorHassan !!!
Thank You Senator Hassan. Keep fighting. DeVos isn't qualified to be a substitute teacher never mind head of DOE.
as an educator and your constituent I urge you to oppose her nomination
I am proud that you represent NH.  Thank you.
PLEASE SAY NO TO DeVOS. Having no understanding of public education's role in society is not a philosophy it's incompetence.
@seolatta How do you plan to vote on her nomination?
You Go Maggie!  Thank you for your support of public education and kids with disabilities.
Could not be more proud of @SenatorHassan - hitting the ground running with forceful, passionate questions of DeVos. You did good NH.
thank you for your concern for all our kiddos with special needs!! (A Mom from Manchester, NH)
@ChairmanBuckley @YouTube thank you for all of your work on this!
Thank you, Maggie. This is why we sent you to Washington!
Please, please please, do not approve this woman.  One monster in government is enough right now.
Thank you! Please don't stop fighting for the disabled. My daughter is depending on you.
You were impressive and we're lucky to have you in the Senate. Her answers were disturbing to say the least. Please vote no.
@AnastasiaSomoza did you see this?
DeVos seems like a dirty female version of Trump
Yes: "With all due respect, it's not about sensitivity. It's about enforcing the laws..." @SenatorHassan Thx for trying to get her to answer
Thank you for your passion and persistence!  Our kiddos need you!
can the republicans not stand up to trump at all? Does no one have the courage to stand up for our children.
-first off, congrats to you and your son!  Secondly, Thanks for your strong advocacy but I'd be more direct next time maybe.
-I guess another foundation to check up on, if a clerical error such as that happened over several years.
So you're voting NO right?
-- DeVos's brother, Erik Prince --
Why Comey opened his mouth... 

Trump's Erik Prince

…
What is really obvious in all of this is her trying to take up the senator's time without actually answering the question.
@StevePasquale How can Betsy DeVos be stopped?
American education deserves better, students now way below average, don't need another dummy #VoteNoDeVeos
thanks. stay the course please! It matters!!!!!!! #educationforall
#Evasive is just another word for #TrumpPuppet
As a father of a child with #autism I thank u for line of ?s regarding the #IDEA & providing a voice 4 those w/ disabilities
hugely admire you. Thanks for the tough and compassionate questioning. We need fighters like you.  from NYC
Thank you for this line of questioning, Senator
As a SPED teacher thank you for asking these questions. Our students w/disabilities deserve the Ed and protection of idea.
Thank you for your questioning. Keep it up. --An NH voter
@superbranch @YouTube Thank you!
@Karoli @YouTube Thank you for fighting for disabled students. It is much appreciated.
well its prolly only one of those "liberal" laws, can't enforce all of them ya know.
@DavidFisman @YouTube Senator Hassan: You need to vote against her nomination in Committee! She is UNQUALIFIED to be Ed Sec.!
@nicolemerchut @YouTube thank you, Senator Hassan, for speaking up for students with disabilities.
Come on now. How freakin' sick is that? I hope you are not going to the Inauguration.
New lows of greed, selfishness, perfidy, cluelessness, inhumanity, cruelty.

Spreading the love of jebus.
@smiley1085  great job Senator Hassan! Don't let up!
@aravosis Thankyou @SenatorHassan 4 your clear, concise questioning. Ur GRASP of educ. demonstrated DeVos's ignorance of educ
Good job, Senator!
THANK YOU for insisting that she answer the question. Thank you for fighting for #Kidsoverprofits
i would appreciate if she was denied the job. She is dangerous.
Thank you Senator Hassan for speaking up for children with disabilities. You go girl!
@aravosis Cynic and Fake!
The board of education in my town of 11K has a much better understanding of IDEA than DeVos. Astonishing.
@OolonColluphids @SenatorHassan She doesn't even seem to have given special needs a thought. She's like-I'm more into God&stuff
@aravosis @YouTube Unbelievable that she was nominated to sit in that chair!  Are we stuck in a Twilight Zone episode?
'Fraid so. Check out all the other nominees; it's truly Bizarro World.
thank u for asking practical, tough ques during conf hearing so common folks like us could hear her answers! NH made good choice in 2016
Much thanks for you and  colleagues who asked necessary qx. I'm from Michigan, w/in 50 mi of #DeVosMafia HQ. She can't be DOE
It's clear she doesn't know anything.
@Karoli Are we not men? We are DeVos!
that is a disgrace @BetsyDeVos
thank you!  Without IDEA our kids have nothing. Without enforcement it isn't worth the paper it is written on #devoshearing
Neither is the Constitution.
@asmith83 thank you for help exposing this fraud of a human who has no right to be in charge of our kids education
That's a lie& you know it! You are fake news Senator!
very proud of you, senator Hassan.
Thank you Senator Hassan for working hard to protect our children.
Thank you for your stance against Devos.  Please encourage @lisamurkowski to NOT Confirm. (Devos has 0 Public Edu experience)
- ..and a FEDERAL one, too.
Thank you for your thoughtful questions and diligence.
