Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
@realDonaldTrump Chaos. Just what the alt-President wants.
Good now repeal the drug laws (they do not seem to work).
Trump shows he's #UnfitToLead ever day in every way
So ‘fine’ covers both Nazis and drug pushers?
@crampell @realDonaldTrump He does hire the best ppl
flynn,sessions, price etc
What does Trump know about a 'fine' man?
Tom is a great man just like Trump. Both are crooks & one is nuts.America is watching  all
And this crisis just started??  What happened over the past 8 years to get here #taketesponsibility
Goes to show #politicians are in for the #money not the #people
A dilapidated, inept @POTUS @VP Admin the only functions of which fulfilled thus far is sow division & distract from its own incapabilities.
And the promised emergency declaration has still not been made by @realDonaldTrump
you were quoted in a story by @voxdotcom
What happened to 'only the finest people'? Some of them have been fired, more to follow.
He’s got “all the best people”... to golf with and go to rallies with but not to do the job he’s hired for.
According to @realDonaldTrump, there are many govt. job openings that don't need to be filled. Maybe @POTUS believes @PrezKushner  can add responsibilities of #DEA, #HHS, & #DrugCzar to portfolio.
My twitter bio is only 140 chars so just assume i have these too.
Hang in there, @PrezKushner!
What did he do that he doesn't want anyone to know about?
everybody already knows.
@60Minutes @washingtonpost
These people are so evil. There truly is no bottom. Ugh.
El Chapo is still available

Marino is doomed! Look what happens to anyone @realDonaldTrump seeks positively about. At least he didn't express "great confidence."...LOL
If Trump wants to declare that some govt program is gone ... gone! ... he could try "Drug War."
Marino  going into rehab?
Is it that @realDonaldTrump can't find people, or, that he isn't looking for people?
Or homeland
Jared Kushner’s got nothing to do since he brought peace to the Middle East.
Marino withdraws his name and suddenly the swamp drained a little
Trump does not care about the opioid crisis.
Trump does not care about coal miners.
Trump does not care about Gold Star families.
I thought Jared was fixing that?
Real news still has power! The people drained the swamp!
What about the whistleblower?
Bahdah booom!  #sad #oligarchy
Good. That entire office needs to shut down. The “war on drugs” has had terrible consequences so we don’t need a “czar” to oversee it
"I've got it ALL under control!" -- Donald J. Trump
Maybe he's running out of deplorables??? I mean he only picks from 1% of the population right?
I'm getting sick of all the winning. Maybe that's why they are messing with healthcare- to help spread the winning disease
Vote DEMOCRAT
Just waiting for @MarshaBlackburn resignation. She is soulless and didn't give a damn about her role in this legislation. Bought and sold!
Why does Trump keep nominating swamp rats with no vetting? Is it the only people he knows?
They need to find another Pol who will do big Pharma dirty work for a fee. Shouldn’t be too long a wait
But hey, he hires the best people.
Trump will be doing all of those functions himself while playing golf.
Ask a Dem Day...that's DT lifeline 
Don’t worry .. Trump will probably tweet by the of the day that Jared will be handling all 3 during breaks of negotiating Middle East peace
i think he may be running out of incompetent friends that will kneel before the king.
Yeah, whatever. THIS MATTERS.
Still waiting for paperwork for opioid crisis to be officially declared a national emergency. I'm sure that's coming "this week or next"
He should choose the head of enforcement that was interviewed. the guy who they forced out.
The guy is invested in the opioid industry...what the f is Trump’s problem?He want’s us to be addicted idiot’s,How else will this circus go
Due to the ongoing Russia probe, I vote we drop the 'czar' and go with a more western equivalent
This one is an old tradition, but why aren't we calling ALL his cabinet posts some kind of "czar?"
Czar has been used for many years. Nixon or Ford, I think. Energy Czar before there was even an Energy Dept.
loved the criteria for selection: he was among the first to support me
@POTUS. The use of the title Czar by you is ironic.
@ProPublica @RWPUSA @benjaminwittes @ezraklein @maddow Power of the free press!  Discovering this info is crucial for our country!!
Just add it to the list of openings.
Great congressman who is complicit in many deaths..Blackburn, too
Today's password is "untenable".
That's this administration: VACANT
So yet again it falls to Obama's Deep State to handle it.
but..but #maga, right?
The free press saves America again from liars and crooks. Thanks!
Nobody wants to work for crazy Trump.
The opioid crisis, a reign of death, develops as a perfectly legal operation and yet cannabis is still categorized as a schedule I drug.
Uh, because this White House, like the president, are totally inept in doing their jobs.
Who would want to associate w the Swampy #SoulessCoward who couldn’t lead ants to a sugar pile in a sugar factory? #Resign @realDonaldTrump
Next in line: another based solely on early support of Trump candidacy?
Better to have no one than a key perpetrator of the crisis and lackey of drug cos!
What is so fine about a person who chose money over our countries health and welfare? Poor choice.
Best Cabinet EVER!!!! per @Milbank
And Trump won't nominate another one as punishment for questioning Marino.
The power and influence of Big Pharma
Only the best people...
Or DEA Director
*re-reads Tamara's tweet*
No one person is being considered for all 3 jobs. The proper conjunction is ‘or’. That’s it’s function. Hookin’ up words n makin em function
My bad.  I was able to parse it.
That I care this much about grammar is one of the many childhood lessons from my grandmother. A blessing and a curse
Such a great manager…
No one knew that running the executive branch was so complicated
