Public officials must show a commitment to enforcing our laws so that all kids have an opportunity to succeed. http://nyti.ms/2kZK581 
Betsy DeVos has demonstrated a complete lack of experience in, knowledge of and support for public education. http://nyti.ms/2kZK581 
Just one more vote is needed to defeat Betsy DeVos's nomination, notes @SenatorHassan http://nyti.ms/2kZK581 
Facts speak! US spends more per student yet ranks amongst lowest for industrial countries Urban schools fail poor
She can't possibly make schools any worse
PLEASE!
if we look at college kids today, in Cali, would have to say public ed has failed miserably:(TheyDontThinkWell.
school choice is paramount ..
#StopDeVos
Share a reverence for data because success and all public schools should never be used in the same sentence
- Say no to Government controlled Schools. We want School choice!
sad day in education
If Trump is removed for a mental illness, do his appointments stand?
@realDonaldTrump founding fathers considered education fundamental to the success of democracy. Never more true!
#college# graduate #noDevos education is our #foundation and defense against other nations
say no to confirm Betsy DeVos for next Education Secretary
is NYT opinion only textbook progressive mantra? How did such uninventive stuff get on my feed
I bet your child is in private school as are the children of NYC school administrators.
as are  6 of the 10 Dem.Senators family members that where on the committee.  This about union power.
she commented that public schools are a dead end
public schools have failed many
Public Schools should be FULLY funded and provide our children with Great education Again
Public schools have a responsibility to teach children how to think not WHAT to think. Hence, private schools.
funny how liberals start reacting when their indoctrination factories are at risk
People like GOP/Trump can't afford an educated population or they would not get into power
Betsy will be confirmed and will do a great job!
so u don't like public schools?
Maggie we agree but how to get the GOP to stand up against her is the question. How do we make our voices heard?
WH wants education profits like prison profits.
public schools dont teach what they should which is all knowledge tht is why i teach my children every subject
Fake News
public schools on LI have done nothing other than break backs of taxpayers. "Students first" policy is nonsense
I'm conflicted. My inner city parents struggle to get in local charter schools and are thrilled when they can.
I'm conflicted. My inner city parents struggle to get in charter schools+love it when they do+my son in private
Don't let Betsy DeVos.destroy our education Please forget party lines Vote No. Reconsider the future of America.
very moving and eloquent defense of our public schools. Thank you Senator!
yeah???!!! Because we all know how wonderful & successful public schools are...NOT!!! #BetseyDeVos
Thank you for writing this @SenatorHassan - keep up the good work! @nytopinion
Republicans' platform is to dismantle govt entirely, like anarchists.
I believe in choice for better education, not teachers unions. That's why you're against her.
like #ClaraFlowers & #BarbaraByrdBennett ?? #ParentalChoice #DeVosconfirmation
. Thanks. Bro
Vote For Betsy!
no one in NYC who sends their child to a city school believes in public schools.
What idiot is left that believes in public schools?
@SenatorHassanWe need to make education a priority again.We owe it to our children&grandchildren.It's key to success
I would say if you believe in education in general
The cowardice of GOP Senators to stop true outlier #DeVos will be long remembered by #Americans voters.
Just study what she has done here in Mich. She is unqualified and should NOT be confirmed.
@SenThomTillis @SenatorRisch @SenatorFischer
Jesus Christ Sebastian. Based on your twitter account you need education more than most!
Free public education is moving from a system of failure - to a system where all students can move at their own speed. Intranet
did you speak with the trapped parents at failing inner city public schools?
Holy shit now they've been trapped! Someone alert @KellyannePolls !
Stand up for teachers and public education!
What exactly is the mission of USED?How do you measure results? US laws cover equal rights in schools.
no they don't what they believe in is the status quo school choice destroys their control and exposes them
I thing the educators should go back to primary school and start all over. They are the problem.
Senator Hassan made a lot of sense when she spoke at the Committee on Health, Ed, Lab, & Pensions.  
Also, in Oakland on Inauguration Day, young kids were allowed to walk out of classroom to protest the Pres.
Sounds good but the current system isn't working. Ex:  teachers pushing their political views on kids.
So let's make it worse!
Don't let the fox into the henhouse & eat all the chickens! VOTE NO!
oh yes public education is so good! Maybe we should take example from some private education leaders!
please send this to Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska
Don't forget about the past. Before Devos ruined the Michigan School System.
As an educator I can tell you that a Magnet School educates the rich, not middle and poor!!!
It is only a cult who does not let people think for themselves.
Thank you for joining my cult.
I agree.
But it appears that this administration is more comfortable with an uneducated public.
Are you being transparent about donations to your campaign from the teacher's union?
thank you!! #VoteNoDevos @sengraham2016 please talk to her and change your vote to no!!
Do you believe in the JOKE, which is COMMON CORE ?? If you don't, then Betsy DeVos is your WOMAN........
False!
Thank you for writing this.
and school choice and vouchers inner city children getting the same opportunity as wealthy kids, repeal com. Core

Well said Sen Hassan. Rebuild the middle class? Can't happen w/o intelligent, committed investment in public ed!
free public education is moving to a home-based system over a new secure Intranet nationwide.
senator hassan rules.  I love her
please stop DeVos and save our public schools- she is NOT a highly qualified, experienced candidate.
'Reverence 4 public education' nothing more than reverence 4 votes delivered 2 you by teachers' unions. #DCliars
How can sane&honest people not see high standard of public education makes our nation stronger &our world better?
