thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
Why did you vote no?  Are you in bed with teachers' union?
Thank you Senator Hassan!
I watched it live and I thank you for your vote. I was aggravated at the Republicans lack of interest in the whole thing.
thank you from your Massachusetts allies! Keep it up, you are a great speaker!
Thank you. I watched as the Dems attempted to follow/uphold rules of order while Repubs rode forward on #altfacts
thank you Senator!!!
Thank you.
:. Thank you very much! She is a danger to Public Schools.  Our schools have helped many integrate into our American society.
Thank you!!!!
thank you for taking a stand for education
THANK YOU for voting against unqualified and unacceptable #DeVos
Thank you!
From one mom of a kid with special needs to another THANK YOU!!! Thank you so very much.
I think that is the right call.
thank you
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Hassan
thank you!!
@Vangsness Thank you.
@Vangsness reach across the aisle and get a no vote from other non dem colleagues.  Work to win the fight!
@Vangsness you support the education establishment
I only hope @sendavidperdue and @SenatorIsakson follow your lead!
thank you for going on the record
yussss
#Pander
You are a hero --thank you for protecting our future with education
thank you!
Thank you!  We have the same sort of nominee in NH as you know.
@mattrussell_PhD - vote yes !
Thank you for educating your colleagues.
Thank you.
Thank you
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
thank you
Thank you, Maggie!  This is what we sent you to Washington to do!

Thank you.
@AltDptEducation thank you for voting No on #devos
Thank you Sen Hassan.  I work in Education.  This vote means a lot!
Another THANK YOU!!!
another shocker! Right down party lines. Did you think for yourself or was Schumer schooling you?
DeVos made her money scamming people just like Trump did. Scholarship to Trump "University" anyone?
@kostopoulos_d Thank you Sen. Hassan
Thank you so much Senator Hassan! @pfmccoy & I fully support you from Newmarket, NH. Keep up the great work.
thanks for playing
Thank you for being there for those of us who see DeVos as a threat to the education system in this country.
 outstanding!!
Thank you.  Together we will overcome this government takeover.
thank you!
Thank you. We can only hope your colleagues care for our children's right to appropriate public education, too.
Thank you!
Good, it's the only logical move for anyone with her lack of qualifications.  Thank you
Thank You!!!
Thank you! My Senator has deaf ears for my request!
Thank you. Now please vote no for Mr Sessions
Thank you for your vote!
.@SenatorHassan Thank you, Sen. Hassan, for trying to protect access to education for all Americans.
I loved your impassioned words against DeVos!
thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Hassan!
Thank you!
THANK YOU. please do more than urge....please INSIST.
You made my day. I just hope other's did the same as you. I wish the #Republicans saw how bad she would be for our children.
Thank you for your courage, Senator Hassan! Kevin Courtemanche Salem, NH
proud of you and thank you!
thank you for voting no! My 6th grade students and I watched your questioning of DeVos. We are with you!
Thank you Sen Hassan. #SpEd #spedchat
thank you!
Thank you for your vote and leadership
Thank you, Senator Hassan. I watched the hearing - your words were incredibly powerful, and much needed.
thank you for your vote!
thank you for your vote for our children.
THANK YOU!!!!
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you Maggie!!
Thank you for your moving, wise, and powerful words. I hope they can serve to persuade our other reps.
thank you!
@AltVolcanoes_NP thank you
do more than that!  Find a way to prevent the vote from getting to the floor. #resist
We need some GOP members with a backbone to join in or there won't be enough votes to block her. They are power hungry.
I wish they'd listen.  Don't they have kids or grandkids?  I guess they have the money to pay for private education.  I wish I did!
Thank you Senator!
@C_Leda412 Thank you
Thank you & those who voted no.
Next up in line on Trump’s list is former Miss Teen South Carolina.
Your tweets are the only thing keeping my spirits up about this. The humor is very much appreciated!
thank u for #nobetsydevos vote.
