To recap: ending these subsidies costs the federal government money, increases Obamacare premiums 20 percent.
Keep fighting Maggie, Those single who make 30,000 a yr or a couple making 51,000 will soon feel the effects of DJT's executive order
Sometimes the only way people understand the impact is to let them feel the impact. They will all b screaming about their insurance soon.
What DJT has done will impacted the biggest chunk of middle class Americans,&the poor.And those screaming about ur premiums going up,well
If DJT would pay the subsidies to insurance comp, they wouldn't b going up. Obama care needs tweaking no ?? About that, but u have a man
Who's obsessed with the name of healthcare not a man who wants to fix it for Americans and that's the sicken part of all of this.
So is this you helping to fix the problems. All we see is the whining & blaming others. How about you get to work on fixing healthcare.
You can't just jump on every bandwagon attacking change. We need more than blame we need you to work together to bring us great healthcare.
How about that opiode epidemic
To pay tax $ to companies that R making a $ 15 Billion profit is the dumbest thing 1 can do Returning this $ will raise standard of living
Stop this Madman NOW
Kind of like the Dems did with Ocare, but that was on your side of political fence so it was proper thing to do right??? Stop with politics and fix Ocare
I have no doubts that ACA needs to be fixed but that's much better then starting from scratch and messing with us! This affects everyone.
Are you in favor of subsidizing greedy insurance companies?  Look how they are gouging the public
It was illegal when put in by obama.  Look it up.
Dems own Obamacare. Executive order subsidizing ins co unconstitutional. POTUS put power back to congress. Speak the truth please senator
If you work with him after this latest EO, I will NOT VOTE FOR YOU. Do not let him get away with this. He owns it now.
This is horrendous. He has no idea how important the aca is to so many people
HASSan probably hasn't read the plan
Nonsense. He campaigned. On ending ACA.
It didn't stabilize anything. The young didn't buy policies and they were supposed to fund it. Premiums skyrocketed and carriers left it
Relying on those who don't buy insurance to fund redistribution was an epic fail driving up premiums for those not qualifying for discounts
Being in project management you should understand the difficulty in forecasting non guaranteed funding
Dear Senator only Congress can appropriate funds. He is reversing Obama’s illegal act.
It gives individuals more choice and will lower costs - it’s liberty. How does this get so twisted because of hate for a man??
Ever hear of post-claims underwriting, Rebeckah, or some of the other evil things ins companies have done? Are you in Texas?
Get congress to fix it - oh wait. And should not matter where I am. Let’s buy insurance across state lines.
It certainly does matter. Across state lines ... gimme a break. No other country has adopted our HC system for a very good reason.
Look we disagree - my views are for liberty and freedoms no other country has.
No! I don't agree to disagree! After having to put up w/what trump is doing, I say this: Conservatives are wrong! Been wrong since Reagan.
WH is stopping an illegal act from the previous administration Mags!
What’s wrong with insurance companies competing? I know in NH we have what like 3 or 4. They jack up prices every year...no choice.
I’m so depressed by his viciousness. Please do whatever you can to save us from his cruelty, Senator.
Time for republicans with a conscious to step in for the sake of country over party.
Shouldn’t they ALL step up? That’s what we elected them to do.  It’s been broken since day one so Dems should be part of the solution.
Without a congressionally approved appropriation the payments as they were and still are illegal!
Sadly, the madness comes with the president. We elected this nut job.  Is congress going to be the hero here?
#ACA is cruelly and intentionally screwing America. Supreme Court ruled it was a tax to insurance companies. #lies by Hassan
What can we do? What can you do? This is going to affect every single person. So now what?
Congress would be cutting off major donations if they took people's side. Unlikely
It also opens the door to cancelled policies due to inability to pay entire premium every month!
Judging all the negative replies you are not winning. ACA is a disaster that you & cohorts created. You did not fix it so POTUS will!
ObungleCare already raised the cost and you know it but try to palm off the blame. SHAME
WHY didn't you stop E/O OCARE? Why didn't YOU do something years, Months, WEEKS AGO? Congress has lost its integrity, & trust of citizens.
How about doing something for the working family not just those on welfare
Really?  Obama care made health insurance rates go up.  Out of pocket went up. Deductibles went down? Why did you let that happen 2ME?
Maggie: He’s dismantling O’care like we want him to, simultaneously implementing cross state health ins. competition like we want him to.
Competitive health care markets: good for America, good for New Hampshire. Rather than criticize Trump why not help him?
Senator why don't u come up with a solution to fix the broken system that you helped create.  All u ever do is bitch and wine about @POTUS
I can only hope & pray that the next EO @POTUS rescinds is Congress’s exemptions.
Live by the “Pen & Phone” die by the Pen & Phone”
Imagine if these provisions were codified by law instead of EO.
So much fun watching.
Reps. are waiting for the right time, the perfect moment, and the right day to do something about POTUS. Do we have to fucking wait for you?
Let's Impeach him
No difference then the $1,500 a month with a $10,000 deductable I pay for my two kids and myself. I guess that would be ok for you though
Let it explode or maybe implode... #WeThePeople had enough of this nonsense.
You mean by wiping away Presidential Mandates and Regulations imposed by Obama that where not part of PPACA?
whatsd new? Obamacare already has increased by %20, no my self employed brother who cant afford obamacare will now be able to get insurance!
Sorry Maggie but Obama cruelly doubled both my insurance&deductible cost &made my self pay insurance unaffordable and restricted. No thanks
Sounds like your Staff has ill-informed you Senator......and it really makes you look like a chump!.......
You are to blame for voting for Ocare
What have you done other than obstruct???
Trump supporter: Still convinced that Trump's working for you? Have you lost your health insurance? Is your family still covered? Scared?
@sarahkliff Congress must act to reduce POTUS45's actions any way possible. He is intentionally destabilizing our country.
No, he is forcing Congress to take their power of the Purse back. Obama created this problem with his phone and pen mentality.
So you approve of unconstitutional obamacare subsidies. You swore an oath. Do your job and fix obamacare instead of lying
Keep resisting and not doing your job - it is really helping.
Yes! So...do it.
Agreed...legal process to remove DJT from office must begin now. He is a danger to survival of civilization by having nuclear launch code!
ya'll don't have the votes,get on board or get left behind.this is a http://movement.you  think obama had followers,hide&watch.
You and Congress have had YEARS to fix O'care and have done NOTHING!  
Your pathetic lip service rings hollow now...
Exactly seven years and Reps. hadn't even read details of R/R. Trump is acting out of spite to destroy something of value for most Americams
The TRUTH just isn't in the Democratic party. Subsidies were deemed unconstitutional, Trump is following the law. Want to give tax payer money away? It's the job of Congress to do so, not POTUS. STOP LYING
This administration is awful- what country does this to its citizens??
Learn the facts and stop falling for Democratic bullshit
Maggie... you and your colleagues do nothing to improve the countries health care.... step aside and let POTUS fix it
It is now called trumpcare. It will be as good as his first nine months. Sad day for America.
Sorry Laurm. Regret to inform you. It's still Obamacare. Keep up. Y'all made it it, laid it and paid it. Time to pay for it
Trump has dismantled ACA- he now owns it and anything after it
Unfortunately it's not dismantled. When it's dismantled I'll be free. Stop trying to avoid responsibility for the Obamacare disaster.
No that was out in place by Obama.
Is this guy sane?
No. Republicans need to grow a pair and get this man out of office now. He is a danger to civilization...HE has nuclear launch code!
Comrade troll block engaged.
Why is it you DEMS get it wrong EVERY time. You just are opposite of anything good and right! Pretty disgusting!
How are you working together to find solutions? What are your solutions?  Your part of congress..do something! @SenatorShaheen
It’s sad to see you lying to your constituents. You’re supposed to be working for THEM, not globalist, anti-American interests.
Anti-American interests is wanting to provide healthcare? 45 is unstable and has the nuclear code   ...he is a threat to civilization!
Isn’t the cost determined by exchanges?
Maybe you and the rest of Congress should do your job and pass real health insurance reform.
You continually want to punish 100m people to help 6m. Try something else.
Why are we not trying to get this man out? It’s clear he’s not here for the good of the people. Who does this? How many people need to die?
what about my friend's policy that went from $1200 a mo. To $2500 a mo. This year. You r not being completely honest.
Because she want to shift blame from obama to trump... and she doesn’t understand the free market system
BS executive branch cannot subsidize. Fed court even ruled against it. SHOULD OF READ THE BILL
#Termlimits law makers don't even understand how the 3 branch system works
The MAD HATTER strikes again, and again, and again. Republican so proud of their leader.
