Destroy the GOP!,they are enemies of the people,may they be strewn before a true Democracy!
Complacency is the enemy!,this is not a joke this is our future!,the plutocrats must be destroyed!!!
YOU ARE BEING WATCHED BY YOUR BOSSES.. WE THE PEOPLE!!! #VOTETHEMALLOUT
News flash government should not provide healthcare, housing, Obama phones, Medicare/ Caid welfare and cable. Also all corp subs must end
No such thing as an 'Obama phone'.   Safelink started well before he became POTUS.   And it's paid for by telecom companies, not govt.
No.There is an extra tax on all phone use so people can have free phones. Under obama the free everything went up to the highest levels ever
Hey Goober......https://www.snopes.com/politics/taxes/cellphone.asp …
In Obama’s first term, amid evidence of widespread fraud, the FCC moved to crack down on the program
I guess you didn't read the article. Of COURSE you didn't. Silly me, thinking you would.
I read it, the article I posted explains how obama expanded free welfare, food stamps, phones and Medicaid.
No article available. Musta been from a Bulgarian basement dweller.
Why pick on low income people that can hardly make it from month to month cut your own wages to help people than hurt them ..

Damn Mary I feel so sorry for you.
You heard wrong haven't had a man since I have been with you and not looking either
Ok well it some weird shit going on
What's going on
Vote NO on behalf of your NH constituents!
Democrats need to dig in now for 2018. Very little can be done now as @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan rewrite the rules

Deplorable!
Nooooooooooooo!
The GOP budget will:
Cut $500 billion from Medicare
Cut $1 trillion from Medicaid 
Increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion
Something is going right our stick market is going thru the roof
What can Americans do? Who can we reach? This is indefensible. As is Exec. Order to sabotage ACA.
show us the numbers. They were not cuts just reductions in increases projected. Medicaid goes down as people earn more-not in ur world
#JustSayNo
Hear Hear! Speak to the poorest all the while put money ( more ) into richest citizens off shore bank accounts.
WTH? The wealthiest Americans don't need more money.  They already have more than they can spend.  Why cut programs that help so many ppl?
That's How Republicans are I've got Mine so FU No NORMAL Person should Ever Vote for Republicans If more Paid Att We Wouldn't b here
Thats why I switched parties after many many years. They are just plain MEAN.
How exactly does cutting Medicare and Medicaid "help big corporations and the wealthiest Americans"? The middle class is paying the most.
It allows huge tax cuts, that's how. Unless you are on the boards, you'll pay.
Companies in the US pay some of the highest tax rates in the world. So I think that would be an improvement.
We doNOT pay highest in the world and we get nothing for it.
So I guess getting jobs is getting nothing now.
There have been tax breaks and the jobs were not created by the biggest beneficiaries of the biggest tax breaks.Those cuts belongto midclass
Yet even the democrats refuse to give said tax cuts to the middle class.
I'm not a dem, but putting back the capital gains tax would help the middle/low class. Corps need to bring jobs back starting with Trump's.
The republicans are sick and greedy. Why  can Democrats fix and fight back
Is this intentional obfuscation of facts? I read that this cuts rate of future growth but still allows for growth...right?
Reading the comments it seems as if the obfuscation is working...they all believe you. Shame, shame, shame misleading your constituents.
Yea, that sounds about right. Screw the people more and more.
#defendMedicare #noMoreFortheOnePercent @SenateDems @SenateGOP
Fight like hell, loudly!
Maggie wants to Keep Corporate Taxes the Highest in the World so the Corporations will keep $3 Trillion Overseas to give Foreign Citizens  the Jobs  Americans use to have! Thanks to Maggie 60%of Americans used to be Middle Class now below 50%!
Nooooo!
Rich getting richer.
please show us the cuts they are reductions in projected increases except for pell. the economy grows medicaid should go down
Another recession or worse a depression
#WomeninLeadership #WomeninOffice #WomeninPolitics 
@ConniePillich @WomanVote 

#Vote2018 #Vote2020 #TaxFairness #People 

#Resistance
#NoAfD #NoFacism #NeverForgetHolocaust #NoNzs #NoKKK #Resist #TheResistance #ImpeachTrumpNow #StopTheDyingbyKillingHealthcare
So angry!
Knock off the BS Mags!
Because Govt is your personal savior right?
truth is not a left wing value
Please work across the aisle to beat the tax cuts for the 1% NH is with you #LiveFreeOrDie
Dems messaging is so weak a sexual predator con man gets elected POTUS on platform to destroy the safety net. Pathetic!
Our election was hacked; Trump playbook is to divide the opposition. #GetWoke #UniteBlue #StopTheHate #TrumpLaughs at democratic divide
#EnslavementOfAmerica
At what point do the democrats let the ppl know what is going on in the congress. The GOP is screwing us over, putting the world in danger
And destroying America. Pence is wanting to hang ppl which was acted upon by distributing propaganda to college students trump lies every
Word out of his mouth is a disgrace to our country.  Paul ryan and mitch mcconnell are they being bribed or have they been bought when did
Russias agenda become more important than the the US. when will someone scream paper votes.  When will our govt work for the US
We will be voting you out as soon as possible.
Fool
Yes, you are. Try to up your level to a higher road.
Why will sensible Republicans vote for this? Do they really want fewer college students, less Medicare, underfunded Medicaid?
The GOP needs to pay the for their nonsense! VOTE!
Woman you and your sheep are out of your mind!!  
Please don't let it happen!
You should talk about how baseline budgeting works. I think people would be interested to know.
Give em hell Maggie!
Don’t forget to appease the donors who have threatened to stop supporting them
Thank you, Senator, for fighting to protect the families you represent.
Maggie you are being totally inaccurate without facts. Taxpayer pays for these services. Makes no difference to wealthy. Study up please?
Like you Dems Senators are poor, try save money for American People
A dream or reality?: if DEMS take the house & senate in 2018, dems can impeach Trump & Pence.  New DEM speaker of house would be president
Not true
lol.  Keep up the hysteria
Please further "" Cuts "".
Trump troll bot
Another blindfolded  person out of touch with reality. You need to cut the middlemen in medicare .
Disgusting to say the least - shame on those who vote for this budget. As Maude said “ God will get you”
So... Are you voting FOR this miserable budget that turns us into Iraq?  We will be homeless and downtrodden to If YOU LET This Pass!!
does it help the middle class?  maybe the states r going 2 have 2 investigate fraud in order 2 protect the young, old & poor
There is just no good news this year.

Rule by the 2% or Land of the Free.  Vote for working folks.
Do not cut Medicare. There is a need to evaluate Medicare reimbursements, especially in RX. Closer monitoring to reduce fraud. Keep Medicare
This is unreal! how is it ok to prevent people from having health care including substidy payments and yet give the wealthiest tax cuts
she is part of fake news
#Impeach this orange baboon!! He's ruining my country
Then please do what you can about stopping this atrocity!
U talk about corporations but how do all u politicians leave office millionaires? U steal from Americans way more then corporations do.
Why don’t we cut free flights, salary’s, free medical, taxpayer funded parties, taxpayer paid baseball games, all from congress?
Big corporations r the ones who create the jobs. We all pay too much in taxes. The Feds just waste it. $100,000 parties on our dime.
Sounds good to me. Cut Congress salary’s also and their free gym & other crap. Put congress on ACA! No more taxpayer funded healthcare
You mean the Pell Grant that allowed me to go to college?  BAD move.
Why aren't they willing to do cuts just for the middle & working classes? Do they think wealthy need a break? They don't! They're WEALTHY!
Seems they're trying trickle down economics again. Hmm
if its not medicare for all, youre just quibbling over how many deaths is too many. how many are dying from being uninsured now? just enough
Should we believe what the Democratics say ...wasn’t it Obama .. that said you can keep your plan and your doctor.isnt he a democratic
Then VOTE NO!
Do not vote! Instead resign
Senator, we are counting on your vote to help Americans, not corporations and billionaires. @BudgetGOP heads up: help or get out of the way.
Tell me more about Pell Grant cuts. This is a vital program that helps a lot of students obtain a college education.
Slowing growth for entitlements like Medicaid and Medicare are not cuts. Please stop lying to the American people.
We pay for medicare-not an entitlement!

Try only spending money you actually have like every responsible American has to. Your type of thinking is why republicans keep winning so keep it up. Eventually will get the rhinos out of there to.
Liar
That’s the republican way. They are thriving according to trump but they always need more. F the rest of us and paying down the debt
Up most sad. Yet true
2020 DNC battle cry, Divide and Conquer!!!!
@SenateDems STOP THE LIES AND FALSE INFORMATION. WILL HELP SMALL BUSINESS OUT BIG TIME WHICH EMPLOYS MOST AMERICANS
False narrative! Trump is trying to fix SSA & Medicare because of reckless spending by Democrats. SSA & Medicare will become insolvent.
Here we have their agenda: to help wealthiest Americans.
Complete lies! If top pays 70% of taxes...and you cut taxes...it is logical that they would see a cut in taxes under Trump plan...DUH!
Sad, very sad.
Please use the word “ELITE” instead of “wealthiest Americans”.

STOP THE LYING DEMOCRATS SLAVE TRADE AND MURDER.
END DACA
Yep.
I be voting for you to leave.
ONly a socialist betraying oath of office would C cutting unconstitutional Fed welfare programs   Seeking some way 2 charge U with TREASON
I hate the @GOP taking Pell grants away. Again hurting the kids who need extra help. They are the future that won't have any $$$ to spend.
Republicans don't want poor kids to succeed. They are only in it for their own children and the children of their rich friends
Absolutely!
Vote yes.
Is there anything that can stop this armed robbery of the American People and their colletive contributions to the regular people of the USA
Yes.  Get out and make sure every person you can find can vote.
Medicaid work requirements, medicaire is earned income on working , social security paid in .....
Is New Hampshire hospital staffing compliant yet.....seriously state /federal money for enabling
Typical Marxist/Socialist actions on the Obstructive Party.
YADL - Yet Another Democratic Lie to scare you.
Like Trumpcare the GOP budget is ruinous for most Americans The GOP  is a terrorist group.
Absolutely
With all due respect; run for President.
We got ourselves a bot!
Have you ever thought that no where in the constitution does it say we are to fund these programs. You pay for it senator!!!!
Troll  Alert!
That's what matters to 45 & Co, and most of the GOP. Sickening, and of course, sad!
Don’t believe senator hassan for one second because the GOP budget helps everybody across the board
Troll Alert!
I thinks its interesting if you libs don't like the message you call out troll and or bot. Is that the best you got?
The only troll that I can see here right now is you LFWS.
Well, we can cut the budget or we can help people. Pick one. You can't have both.
