What are you smoking????? This is PUBLIC information AND it's written in #NH LAW to share for uncovering duplicate voters #NHpolitics
Social security numbers are not public information.
And they aren't part of our voter database.
Yes, the committee is asking for all SS numbers,  an info on if people have been in jail, too.
No, they aren't. They are only asking for available info on voter lists and any criminal ELECTION LAW convictions
Remember when the NH Governor decided to send our confidential data to the Feds? http://www.unionleader.com/Real-ID-license-bill-headed-to-governor …
Who needs to fly anyways. Definately not small town Grant.
What you mean is suppressing illegals from registering/voting in our elections, and #democrat double voters / out of state residents in NH
Thanks @SenatorShaheen and @SenatorHassan To: @GovChrisSununu Don't give away our data! #Resist
Its funny,  if you're all so convinced there's no fraud why not provide the data? You're screwed.
So, then, were you opposed to this ? ( Of course you weren't)
Totally agree, Senator. Hold strong.
@abobbaker thank you, @SenatorShaheen
But but but the Russians have infiltrated our elections shouldn't we try and stop them? #cnnblackmail #memethis #crazydems #NHpolitics
But you had no problem asking IRS to target and harass US citizens that disagree with DEMS
To a President who hides his tax return, and gives nothing away.
What are you hiding? You should be proud of your state if you've followed the law. Sounds like you guys are hiding something #socialmedia
Too bad libtards cannot give SSN to illegals. 
So do you want real answers based on real data or do you just want to parot the DNC talking points!  Time for you to move on Senator!
Pls call SOS Gardner, @SenatorShaheen, and express concerns. Sharing only public info dsnt allow fraud investigation.So why do they want it?
Did you read the letter requesting data?  Grant Bosse can explain it to you
Why aren't you speaking out about the disgusting tweets by trump? Silence in the face of such actions equals agreement...you need to standup
They are trying to stack the deck.. Bastards
Fight this fascist monster, Senator Shaheen!
Agree completely. Thank you, Senator.
I am pissed that Sununu is sending our personal/voter info to the untrustworthy Trump administration. Info vulnerable to misuse.
i am pissed that Gov Sununu is giving our voter info to DC. Please tell him to stop this. Info Do not trust Trump administration!
IMPEACH him now!!!  There has been reason enough for a long time.  NOW!  2018 will be here before u know it.
I disagree.  If there is voter fraud going on it should be investigated to find the root cause.
How? By making sure no illegals on roles?
Nope this makes it clear your state has been permitting voter fraud. The guilty ones usually have the loudest voices.
it is public data Why you not concerned about my vote integrity?
Or voter ID, as some may alternatively call it. Thankfully, 10A stands strong.
To keep you crooked Dems from getting the dead people votes !
What are you trying to hide?
This man was held in a secret prison. He shows @Ap how he was bound even while sleeping #UAE_US_Prisons_In_Yemen  ??
Trump bad man   really   #usakillsyemen
How can we fight against this breech of privacy!  I have called both the gov and SOS.  LTE?  Can I un-register?
It is the same data the state sells for $8K to anyone who wants it, what is the big deal
Women have More Parts to Go Wrong! Dont let self Men tell you whether you& Your Family Needs HealthCARE! TAKE IT! YOU're PAYING 4 it!
Public information that is sold by the SOS shoukd be shared with POTUS
Cheating the only way you can win in 2020
It's no surprise. Nh is in need of major updates and changes
OR, trying to prevent more voter fraud. One would think that would be an issue BOTH parties would see as a benefit to #WeThePeople.
#Resist
Thank you!!
#VoterSupression is just 1more Shaheen lie #keepPlan #TrumpRussia #nhpolitics #nh
Thank you for calling this what it is and know there are many voters who stand with you on this front.
Keep it private.
Exactly!
Don't you want to find out if the CIA... I mean "Russia" really did anything?
Unfortunately Obama was the one who at the last minute before leaving declared elections "critical infrastructure". Federal takeover!
I bet you didn't oppose that. I bet you thought it was a good move to protect from the CIA... I mean... "Russia".
THIS is why we need to see the data, Jeanne. Wake up. FRAUD.
Don't let the Governor get away with it.  Google Kris Koback and the commission. Tons of info NH citizens need to know.  Do TV interview.
Agreed.
My first reaction was then I won't because this scared me. It is not ok to ask for my Social Security #, my voting history. This is not ok
When will a lawsuit be brought to stop this nonsense?
Couldn't agree more. Sununu must be stopped from sharing this info. with Admin.
This new concept is wrong on many levels & further abuse of power. 50 states must resist. Repeal ACA and leave void? Absolute insensitivity.
@GovChrisSununu NH SOS website has 3 reports on voter fraud investigations. Conclusion? No fraud. Don't give NH voter info to panel.
do what you can for us Senator!
Not a single state should be disclosing voting details.
Who wants to give the fed govt publicly available state voter data. We're not really worried about fraud or hacking elections, are we?
I'm a Nee Hampshire too and I don't trust Trump with this information.
27 states now saying no.   Congrats to them, shame on NH.
Heh are my prescriptions in some big gov database to make sure I dont get a Xanax prescription?  #NHPolitics #StealingNHElections
If not already, it's probably going to be one day
Go away, bot. Twitter is for humans only.
Part & parcel of @GovChrisSununu's and NHGOP's push for voter suppression along with SB3. THIS IS NOT NORMAL. #RESIST #Vote2018 #NHPOLITICS
Dean says first in the nation status should be threatened and i agree.
I agree. Voter information should be used for voting period. This is disturbing.
I know that you rely on the ignorance of your constituents,  but that is just plain old stupid.  One citizen,  one vote. #YitpoH
SOS Gardner will provide protected info on voters like DOBs. Law that allowed sharing w Crosscheck authorized it only for specific purposes.
You must be scared that some of your votes might not have been legit.  #YitpoH
Thank you, Senator. Not a direct constituent, but your stand serves the entire country.
Shut up senator
troll be gone. tsk tsk little rude thing
show some respect and tell yr pals to move along
Or worse.
Yes, thanks, very disappointed in Sec. State Gardner.
Do not let this lunatic suppress voters
Can't be allowed. You need to call @GovChrisSununu to stop this. Federal govt does not need the info & Sununu will do whatever Trump wants
SOS Gardner chosen as member to ensure NH complies with sham comm. NH a bitter loss for Trump. He blamed massive fraud, couldn't back down.
He has absolutely NO proof & there's been quite a lot of investigations into voter fraud that have proven that it does NOT happen much!
Yes, thoroughly debunked. With all the talk of busses of out-of-staters coming to vote in NH, someone wld have snapped a photo.
Senator: you and the other far left wing hack had no problem sending my data for the real ID program.  You are biased and embarrassing.
I am concerned about the individual from NH interviewed by CNN who said he saw people bused from Mass to vote in NH.
They knocked on doors to get out the vote.  Even our Gov. lied about it on Nov 5.
Its called talking points and you seem to know them.
Yeah cause who wants to see voter fraud eliminated? If it's not s problem why do you fight against increased security? Voter fraud is real!
Please state your peer reviewed sources.
Exactly!
I expect our NH elected officials to vehemently denounce this and refuse cooperation.  This is not democracy.
NH SOS will turn over voter checklist information to Trump's Advisory Commission on Election Integrity...of which he is a member!
Sununu and Gardner--Trump's apparent lap dogs.
What do u have to hide?
I'm a NH resident & voter I want to make sure not 1 person in my state committed voter fraud @GovChrisSununu must comply with investigation
You also want to 'ban sharia law'... apparently unaware that we have a Constitution that already does that.    Can't fix stupid, right?
What makes you think they were all Granite Staters? In Cheshire Co it seemed many lived here for a day disenfranchising voters. #nhpolitics
Agree. State AGs need to file suit to block right now.
What was your stance on REAL ID?
I called Sec of State office today to say I'm against releasing NH voter info. They were getting a lot of calls.
Thank you for your efforts!  Traveling today so I wasn't able to yet.
Please don't give him our info! Please stop Trump! Stop Pence! #ImpeachTheEntireTrumpAdministration #Resist
Do not give them my data!!
10th amendment gives states control over voting polls, info, & such, NOT fed gov. Liar-in-chief has NO legal right 2 a lot of info he wants.
Thank you!  I called our Gov and Sec of State this morning.  SoS simply said they wouldn't give our SS4 and put me down as No.
That's disingenuous. Most NH records don't hv SS4. So they couldn't give if they wanted to. SOS sd will give DOBs. By law, that's not public
As a consumer, dob is covered by NPI. I don't know about Federal gov't but info s/ not be sent to unsecured e-mail.
NPI applies to disclosure of consumer's info by a financial institution.  Each state has laws re what info in its voter rolls is protected.
in NH, some info reqd isn't public. Specifically DOB & SS4. Gov says NH will comply fully, SOS considering full compliance. Against statutes
Just say NO.
Shame that not everyone is strong enough to stand up to this bully. Keep fighting the good fight!
Tell that to @ChrisSununu and Sec of St Gardner. They have no problem with it.
Nonsense. Auditing election results is a sensible reax to the conflicting claims of fraud and "disenfranchisement."
Why then are they asking for so much info then.
