Senator important share the good of NH. We are #2 in the country for raising families.
maybe Hassan should have been paying attention when she was gov.  we missed out on funding because of her.
money was offered to the states by the feds, but Hassan was asleep at the wheel and NH missed out.  fact, Google it if you don't believe me.
yea.. and our two idiots don't know how it happened.  hardly a good talking point for the left.
You just called @POTUS a liar, yet a quick search reveals that NH is, in fact, a drug den.
Yes NH is impacted by the NATIONAL opioid epidemic & POTUS A$$HAT wants 2 remove medical coverage that would help w/ this issue
Senator, what have you done to help your state's situation?
Thank you for speaking truth
Um...helllllo @SenatorHassan I live in #NH & @POTUS is CORRECT, our State is full of drugs! You certainly haven't made any chgs!! #Truth
,  @realDonaldTrump 's comments directly harm our tourist industry, just as his lies cause votersuppression
I hate Trump, but all the conversation from pols and the news is about the Opioid problem.  WMUR has a daily report "State of Addiction".
How dare he tell the truth. You fraud
How about being outraged at the leak. Just had to have your 60 sec of fame to trash America and our president. Stop or be voted out
The comments are true and if you finally admit the truth we can get to the problem. You and Senator Shaheen swept it under the rug for 4yrs.
I'll make sure NOT to tune in.
Wasting your time!!!
Tell them all I said hi
I will ask a retorical question @SenatorHassan  who was governor when the opioid crisis blew up. You did nothing...now you start caring
Bingo, like a true student of Saul Alinsky, old Maggie here can't help herself!She's a political failure + is largely responsible for crisis
Defend your state senator.
Not politically correct like politicians, but 100% accurate.  Needle on side or little #NewHampshire town road #nhpolitics
Will you be announcing the crisis is over and the act you sponsored and federal funds to NH are no longer needed?
U were Governor of New Hampshire now you're worried about the heroin epidemic? Are U kidding me? Wow, you NEVER noticed we have a problem ?
Exactly.
When will you all realise there's an enemy of the Country sitting in the WH?
Sheep!!! The dems are the enemy's of the country.
Kick serious ass on this Maggie
Do what you can to get Grant Bosse of the UL fired .
Why? Does dissenting opinion upset you?
I have found the state of New Hampshire to be one of the most beautiful places on Earth. The people are amazing as well. #TrumpLiesMatter
Yes, but it's drug invested.
thank you Sen, as Gov supported Medicaid Expansion in NH to help fight drug problem.
You what he meant. Quit grandstanding.
Senator, he is an ignorant incompetent Russian agent (orange) following orders. Pls forgive him!
Are you going to discuss the leaks? Or is that ok? Disgusting what Dems will go to keep their power.
Don't  look at things with rainbow glasses! Face the truth then work on problem!
How about DEMs disgusting comments heard daily!!!
Isn't this the same conversation that the fake news lies about the first time?? Who believes you anymore. I don't believe a thing I hear.

Jenny Thompson: 12 medals, including 8 gold medals, in the 1992, 1996, 2000, and 2004 Summer Olympics. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jenny_Thompson …
https://goo.gl/images/EbHAig 
Wake up!  It is a drug den!  People are dying of Heroin ODs every hour!
Unfortunately Trumps remarks are true. Read the papers and talk to the police. So true and we need your help . He has sounded the alarm
nh is a den of heroin and opioids its all over the place shameful dems wont tell truth
I live in Manchester.  "Drug Den" is a VERY accurate description of this crumbling city
My son is in nh concord Chichester he is an addict .. I lived up there  died 3x before being revived
Sorry but how did you become an addict.
Quit your infighting. If Trump praised NH you'd still find something to hate him on.
New Hampshire is a great state as long as you keep your kids close. Can't even let them go on the PUBLIC beach where they step on needles.
Truth hurts sometimes.  First step to recovery is admitting there is a problem.
Great, more wasted time complaining about someone telling things as they are and not misrepresenting the truth. NH HAS A PROBLEM, admit it!
No thanks.  Your face makes my blood curdle.
So you disagree with your own local news channel? 
#opioids #Mexico #NH #Trump
must have missed u on Wolf when u expressed ur outrage over the Harry Reid comment "...Nobody lives there." Still waiting on that apology.
Im with you @SenatorHassan !
This president has used up all political capital & should follow Nixon's lead!  He thinks tweets are governing - DUMB!!!
Best heroin comes from NH. Its a well-known fact.
What do you think of this?
He spoke the truth drugs from Mexico is filtering into this country and your state and other What is wrong with that? Have to face the truth
Senator Hassan, you cant have it both ways. You have a problem. Drugs in the state, lots of drugs. NH is becoming a rat hole. Thanks DEM'S
Pres. Trump is right! The drug epidemic in NH is out of control. Wake up and fix!
Where is Ayotte on this? She was there for the Kamen photo op. Why was she there anyway?#trumprolemodelforchildren
NIGHTLY NEWS  FEB 3 2016, 6:48 PM ET
‘Our Families Are Dying’: New Hampshire’s Heroin Crisis
What have YOU DONE TO HELP your own state?  I'm sure NOTHING!  Your last name sounds Muslim .... figures
Sununu, so weak, says " his administration inherited the crisis"
it did.  Hassan couldn't even be bothered to request federal money on time when she was governor.  we missed out because of that.
Actually, it is disgusting that you apparently don't think there is a problem.  Nasty old woman.
You are blowing this all out of proportion, he said it but you took it as a bad thing and he was telling the facts, grow up!!!!!
What he said seems to be true based on the NH drug OD death rate. It seems you are the one failing the people of NH. Please resign!
You mean him SPEAKING THE TRUTH!!! All these Democratic run cities are heroin dens. DO SOMETHING about it and you wont get called out!
Manchester (biggest city) is run by a republican.
With utmost respect @SenatorHassan your comments about our President are negative all the time.
What Trump said is absolutely true! I live on the border of NH & MA so I know this first hand. You want it sugar coated. Get a life!!!!
Good work, Senator! Keep fighting for the people of NH and the US!
u can start with doing something about drug epidemic in NH#trumpspeakstruth
Get him Maggie! That's disgusting
I do hope that you are not any way involved in profits for big Pharma..the opioid crisis is HORRIBLE These killers need to be taken off mrkt
Pssss @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  Hilary Clinton won New Hampshire!
EVERY state has problems...if he had said PA, I'd agree w him..https://twitter.com/FoxNews/status/893175867618316288 … We all need to fight this Trump's border sec is start
A look at the growing opioid crisis in the United States  http://fxn.ws/2v33PK7  
As a resident of NH, I support you! Thank you for representing our state!!!
given the states drug OD death rate she is not doing too well.
DJT: I won New Hampshire because New Hampshire is a drug-infested den.

MAGGIE HASSAN: Hold my Portsmouth Royal Impy Stout.
maybe if congress spent more time in state speaking with constituents instead of protesting Trump, things would get done!
There is a major drug problem in the state. He called it as he sees it! Opioids are flooding in and your party blocked any working together
Try to understand what Pres Trump meant when he said that. We all know he's gruff but literally, he is right about states..it's bad.
It's very important we do whatever we can to stop this madness and epidemic. It's killing off ppl, young and old..all major cities are bad..
Drugs have overrun states & killed so many ppl. It won't be long b4 we all know someone who has overdosed. It's sad, drugs HAVE infested us.
No, they were not disgusting comments. PA, NY, NJ, CA, TX, OH r ALL drug infested dens..it's plain truth. He didn't mean ppl Drugs hurt ev1
Disgusting?  No what's disgusting is this rhetoric.  The body count rises and you all are playing politics.  Grow a set and get to work.
It's True so don't lie. I took a loss on the sale of my home just to get out of that shithole manchester.  The place is flooded with drugs.
Gives them more drugs and less punishment.
Ah @realDonaldTrump is right again! How does it actually feel to be swamp creature out of touch with reality? He's just calling you out.
I'll be there!
ask @CoryBooker about the weed!
We support you!
Loser!
He hasn't since November excepted the fact that we didn't vote for him
Fake CNN
own your legacy, senator.
Give 'em hell @SenatorHassan
#nomoreoperationmockingbird why are you helping #cnnisis
More talk and no action from @SenatorHassan  How much time are you spending on what Trump said vs other things the state needs?
I can't believe she's a senator.
Meet the 2016 Olympians with New Hampshire ties
Get To Know Your New Hampshire Olympians http://shark1053.com/get-to-know-your-new-hampshire-olympians/?trackback=twitter … @theshark1053
Trump never has a nice thing to say about anything or anyone in America.
Excuse me Princess snowflake, get your head out the fake news and maybe you will see the great work he is accomplishing quit your PC talk!
He'll just reply with various responses such as "joking", "didn't mean it", "never said it". Anything aside from "I was mistaken".
... it's fake news and isis and hitler so it's a good crowd to sympathize with your lack of leadership on this issue during the last 8 years
@wolfblitzer is dead from the neck up. good luck having a coherent, logical conversation with that state pawn propagandist.
Was already watching! Its better than any reality TV out there these days!
You mean ACCURATE comments. You, @SenatorShaheen, @GovChrisSununu have allowed NH to be come a drug-infested den. It's YOUR fault.
You are #FakeNews.
Attacking States? Enough kindness. Shred this "grifter"
