To date, @POTUS has proposed policies that would severely set back our efforts to combat this devastating epidemic 2/
Instead of insulting people in the throes of addiction, @POTUS needs to work across party lines to actually stem the tide of this crisis 3/3
Perhaps Congress needs to work WITH Trump to get things accomplished instead of obstructing.Hypocrite
Cyclobenzaprine

Though a scurrilous smear, it does show consciousness of reality. In that, NH would have to be in severe distress (or high) to elect Trump.
Isn't this a problem caused by @realDonaldTrump s cronies in big Pharma?
Really your going to believe WaPo wow how you keep elected office and remain so ignorant is beyond comprehension
And the gaul to use the drug problem in the country to bash POTUS is as hacky as it gets politically
It helps that she knows how to read and write.
What? I was addressing the Senator
@JohnSununu Really? @realDonaldTrump is RIGHT! Crackdown on the drug dealers! No More # DrugDen @SaveNHFromTheDealers #tcot
POTUS and his swamp have made the US a joke. Where is the 25th amendment discussion? Where are our leaders? @SenatorShaheen and Hassan?HELP!
Maggie the majority of congress have become a joke with the leaking! You Dems will be voted out with egg on your face!


As someone who lived in NH for 20 years, and as a citizen of the US, I find it appalling.
I live in New Jersey I find it equally appalling...a sitting president denigrating a state like that.
 exactly
I'm a native of NH & it is a beautiful state w/ exceptional people. Addiction is a problem everywhere.  45 should ask his VP about the...
Meth/opioid crisis in Indiana (where I now live) & how Pence contributed to the problem.
My brother lives in Illinois near the border w/ Indiana and says the same thing about Pence.
Indiana has the distinction of being the meth capital of the country.
I wonder how the residents of NH feel about their president now?  Or are they all too stoned in their dens to care?
They didn't elect him.....they voted for Hillary.
This is the United States of America. The group of States vote for a SINGLE president. He is our ELECTED President.
He was bragging about winning NH. Which he did not. So you know, just more lies from him, nothing new.
Was he talking about the Primary or General ?
I already made that point. No telling with him. They did vote for him in primary...he only ever sees good for him, probably ignores general.
What can we do? There are NO OPTIONS for citizens to get him out of office, and the house and senate have done nothing. Why no impeachment?
Call your Sens/Reps and push them on it & any other issues that impact you. For national issues, call their colleagues too. (202) 224-3121
this is TRUE- i interned in Speakers office of TN state legislature- NOTHING- scared a representative like constituents calling en masse.
Plus he didn't actually win either so there's that...
Thank you Sen. Hassan. Although I live in MA, I work in your beautiful state and his statement is disgusting.
There is a problem with drugs in NH. My son and only child was one that died two years before it was highlighted. Where were you?
Thank-you for your service.
Has a @POTUS ever derided the US to to world leaders like Trump? Criminal level negligence and malpractice.
I was born and raised in NH was there for 40 years & I'm beyond disgusted by his comment and truly hope NH&MH contu to fight, clearly w/o 45
NH native @sethmeyers is going to have  something to say about this tonight, for sure.
Yes ma'am, looking forward to it!!
Substsnce abuse is a personal problem not a government problem
You are reacting to call from over 7 months ago???
It was just leaked today.
That's my point.  The calls took place on 1/27.  The guy had been in office for 7 days.  No need for any reaction to the leak now.
Considering the content, yes there is a need.
He has further conversations since these w/these leaders and hopefully developed relationships w/them.  So, no they don't mean anything.
Cancel the funding for the unneeded and offensive wall. Spend that money on addiction treatment where it will do good!
Why are we spending on the Wall and cancelling Medicade
Substance abuse*
Not always. A lot is misuse...like prescribed meds being talen incorrectly.
What are they too stupid to read the bottle?
No...most pain meds are highly addictive and using them correctly can result in addicts. It's why cannabis needs delisted to help people
Yes to weed being legalized/ no,if you responsibly take your meds and begin to feel addiction you should be responsible enough to seek help
As a counslor, let me just say you have zero idea what you're talking about.
I am not a drug addict, so clearly I have no need to know what you are talking about! Opportunity is everywhere, personal choice says  NO!
Obviously you don't know what I'm talking about. Be grateful. It happens very fast to the most unsuspecting people.


So disgusting that  people of NH begged DJT to do something bec top news story in 2016 was NH was 3rd in drugs.  
You have failed your state
St louis Mo has a heroin epidemic as well.  Trump is one disgusting person! I watched you on tv keep up the good work! NH needs you!
MISUSE ? Treating addicts with kid gloves? 
'Our Families Are Dying': New Hampshire's Heroin Crisis http://nbcnews.to/1NQUMM2  via @nbcnews

@realDonaldTrump problem, he thinks it doesn't affect him/family. Drug abuse hurts all of us. It's a family/community/country disease!
Not to mention, his lie about winning NH
He had to have meant the primary I thought...
That's generous of you.
I try not to always think the worst, but with this idiot, it's hard.
I live in NH, in Contoocook & unfortunately Trump is 100% right! This state has been flooded w/ Heroin. Multiple deaths a day & a lot OD'S
And all you politicians have done NOTHING about the drug crisis. NOTHING.
Wrong ... http://www.unionleader.com/Hassan-calls-for-special-session-on-opioid-crisis …
....And? Special sessions are common. Results are not.
Your initial argument was she did "NOTHING". Calling a special session is not "NOTHING", therefore your statement is incorrect.
Our DC Congress holds sessions every day. And they do nothing.
That has nothing to do with the fact that your initial claim was proven incorrect.
Words from a coke addict
Yet his NH supporters will call this fake news.

I think every state's governor should sue the drug companies for causing this epidemic and laws need to be passed to minimize availability
Djt is an idiot why more than that is expected from him baffles me.
Somebody had to step in, Maggie, because you sure didn't care about the families here until it might get you elected #nhpolitics #MAGA
I'm definitely from NH and helped Bernie win this state. I also have 5 children and know exactly wtf I'm talking about. Have a great day!
http://www.unionleader.com/Heroin_overdoses_take_their_toll_in_NHs_largest_city_ …
you really are not that bright, are you? Heroin 'apocalypse' shadows New Hampshire primary http://usat.ly/1XeheGb  via @usatoday

did you just type "substance misuse"?????

pls tell me what the proper "use" is when shooting/smoking/snorting HEROIN
He is talking about opioids.
smdh @LucyAppa
I've always wanted to visit NH. We have a disgusting President in office.

What some ppl consider personal responsibility is disgusting!
No one made anyone take drugs.
Your stance is that adults are not responsible
They were not addicted when they got their first prescription. It came with warnings and I bet the Dr warned them
or maybe they are liberals
Heroin 'apocalypse' shadows New Hampshire primary http://usat.ly/1XeheGb  via @usatoday
Are we now saying "misuse" instead of "abuse"?  You are all over the map, arent you?   #Relativism #nhpolitics
That's what he said but he made it more serious. Do you want help for the opioid crisis or not? #NewHa
This is the truth! #nhpolitics
You know his brother died of alcoholism, right? Yes, he knows full well the dangers of substance abuse. Try again.
* substance abuse. Call it what it is. As someone that has worked in a recovery program, stop being so politically correct.
I call it "people failing to make good personal choices", which does not, nor should it effect me. Education, laws, outreach nothing works!
A true trumpturd - bet you pretend to be a Christian too
Let's hug it out. You seem friendly and open minded.
Where did this BULLSHIT originate from? #morefakenewslies
Sen. Shaheen said..."an opioid crisis that’s killing a person a day in the Granite State."The truth is ugly!
@fawfulfan @realDonaldTrump The country want survive Trump, he's simply too stupid. A low level street con is much better.
In his defense, he honestly thought the states were in alphabetical order and New Hampshire was next to New Mexico which is basically Mexico
It's the same, just less mexicany. People just throwing drugs over the border, into new hampy.
Gettin hit in the head with giant bags of cocaine, looking like a powdered doughnut in a box at their funeral....New Hampshire's crazy.
The guy literally fuels the dumpster fire of a regime, every day. It's like moon over parador!!
He should be worrying about his own addictions @RralDonaldTrump !
Why would he not say it. He's just following your and Sen Shaheen's constant talking on all media about the NH crisis.
Yep.   And hasn't done one single thing about the drug crisis.   But he takes time to spend our money at his resorts golfing.
agreed! very disgusting!
If you can't call it what it is you can't fight it Maggie it's substance abuse not misuse
He knows that huh? Did you thank Obama for leaving it that way?
How exactly is opiod crisis in NH Obama's fault.   Stop deflecting from Trumps vile comments (oh right, it's because they are indefensible)
It's Obama's fault because he left it like that after 8 years of failed liberal policies.
#Americanissue watch @HBO #Heroin:Cape Cod, USA addiction in the suburbs, city's rural areas #nooneissafe #bigPHARMA  #nooneisimmune #bkind
"substance MISUSE"?! OMFG! your euphemisms from position of authority are hurting every effort. wake up! https://media.mercola.com/ImageServer/Public/2016/October/opioid-death-rate-hq.jpg …
@POTUS uses PeopleSpeak.  A language #Democrats #Liberals know nothing about. During campaign NH citizens begged for help they've never had.
Wel, this is a man who called the US a "dumping ground", failed to follow basic etiquette rules on those calls...get him out of there TODAY!
DT is classless.
I live in NH and I agree with Trump! This drug issue is out of control here! I am personally disgusted by it!
Abuse or misuse same results ??DA
And please remind him that he didn't win NH and is not welcome here.
Substance "misuse"  How do you "misuse" an ILLEGAL substance? This addiction is a combo of poor choices and availability of illegal drugs.
Sen.MaggieH . @realDonaldTrump Doesn't care becuase his family us repeating Multi millions in Con backs ..
Well You Should Have Got Onto That Little Kenyan Boy That Was Letting Anything And Everything Cross The Borders  And You Said NOTHING
I think you and our Senators of the last many years are the problem.  Trump is right, please act now to keep hard drugs out of NH.
The only reason its a crisis is because all you politicians feed there habit and by calling it a disease.@SenatorHassan @realDonaldTrump
Presumably by 2020 he'll have NH rated as a "-3" handicap, so he is correct on the win.
You forgot to mention he lost the election here. You have to be tactful, I don't.

https://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/new-hampshire …
not disgusting if true - what have you done?
If the shoe fits...
Are the comments wrong? NH has a yooge, absolutely yoooge drug problem
just wait til sessions starts locking up people for being addicted.
Need to fill up those "for profit" prisons the politicians are all invested in
Not the first time & won't be the last time Trump says something disgusting. Lower ur expectations--u'll be less disappointed in @POTUS45__
New Hampshire need money for politicians to use  what?
New Hampshire, in good company. The president says WH is a "dump". 

At least he got Putin's talking point out:
Even when relations are at a historic low, it's good to see that our leaders can unite against a common enemy. 
Five bucks says Kumquat Kim can't point out New Hampshire on the map.
He's right. It's why I left the state. Once nice neighborhoods in Manchester now engulfed in crime. Funny how that happened as libs governed
Instead of, SOLTIONS,, COMPASSION,, HELP... What does Trump do,, threaten,, verbally abuse... USA HE NEEDS TO GO.... GOD HELP WORLD if NOT
Legalize marijuana and the opioid epidemic will diminish.
Ppl forget opioid crisis grew under Obama/Gov Hassan. Ppl in NH are sick of the Dem policies that's why we elected @GovChrisSununu
We ought to give the president an all-expense paid trip to Portland Maine. He'll really see the problem.
Imagine downplaying an epidemic this hard? High school kids addicted to heroin, not enough treatment programs, truth hurts skeletor.
Everyday 4 the last 6 months, Trumps finds something outrageous to say 2 keep us distracted from the outrageous things he does
Also, he didn't actually win New Hampshire.
A lie and an ignorant insult in one.  Chump outdoes himself in heinousness.
I live next door in Maine and it is pervasive. I guess Trump Tower has been spared so far.
The man is sick!  Impeach him and Pence!
My niece OD'ed last week on heroin cut with Fentanyl. She barely survived. This is in WA state.
@tack_sharp @realDonaldTrump Its not just his comments that R disgusting- its everything abt him! Now he's taking 17 days off
17 days off from making a mess is a good thing. I will go and protest with the locals
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Progressivism > Poverty > Substance Abuse > Addiction > Violence.
New Hampshire For Damn Sure! 603
True & what bill did you pass in the senate to help the victims? Nothing! Why just talk about this now?You want publicity not service!Resign
@realDonaldTrump is fighting to get the illegal drugs out of this country & @SenatorHassan wants to put him down
@newhampshire see a problem
Oh, Dear God! One does not "misuse " HEROIN
What has #tRUMP done since installed in WH to combat substance abuse? Absolutely NOTHING, yet that doesn't stop him from lying & tweeting!

@SenatorHassan @POTUS comments about the beautiful people of NH are not acceptable!  He's the pres for all Americans, drug addicted and all.
What have you done get, than get more corrupt
Misuse? Are you kidding me?
Misuse? What? Is it going to be "child misuse" next, instead of abuse? Get out of the hamster wheel.
Pissing money down a rat hole doesn't get rid of rats. The addict wants to change before change starts. FACT
@realDonaldTrump will never win NH. Live free or die.
He's Trump! He never makes sense. He just needs to bully.
Own it lady
@SenatorHassan Could you please correct @POTUS for his false claim that he won NH in 2016.
I took his comments as a generalization! Beautiful NH infested with drugs is the TRUTH! Unfortunately! I see it everywhere! You don't? LOOK!
Instead of making political hay from comment that was between two leaders and PRIVATE perhaps you should clean it up yourself.
Trump tells the truth Snowflake. Get used to it or get out. I would have NH a sh*thole but Trump was being kind.
@TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump Didn't mention Ohio. His strong base with stronger drug use.
Then Trump wonders why he can't garner any respect outside of his base. He's as obtuse as he is despicable.
@GeorgeTakei seems like @realDonaldTrump could benefit from a communications director. #potusfail
NH???  I live next door and his statement doesn't pass the straight face test. POTUS is ridiculous.
trump is an immoral man, a grifter.The GOP  should pay for supporting people like trump.trump is emotionally ill as well.
What have you done Senator to combat that? Did you even bring it to the public's attention like President Trump did?
Shows a real prejudice and lack of compassion for a poorly understood disease.

Alanon would disagree with those humiliating tactics.
UR wrong. Help in NH? DOZENs of dead ends w/"no room for months". My son died. NH politicians don't care until it's front pg news. GTH.LIES.
The truth always hurts.
can you take anyone seriously who uses the phrase "Substance Misuse"  ?
Hassan has her head up her ass.  #Delusional   NH red state soon!
How stoned are you anyway
I am a proud resident of New Hampshire and deeply deeply offended by President Trumps characterization of New Hampshire. For shame!
How about the dumbass president painting himself into a corner and then begging Mexico for  ladder?

Maggie, 
If you get out of the politics, NH will fare a whole lot better - no druggies!.
I guarantee!
Pretty sure substance abuse is a person's poor #choice.  While a societal problem, let's not excuse the responsibility of the individual.
So New Hampshire is like a northern Alabama?
But NH DOES have a heroin epidemic.  And it's bad.  Same for PA, NJ...much of NE.
Are you butt hurt Maggie?  Did he say something too mean?  Are yoir feelings hurt? Grab some #Playdoh

disgusting but do you deny sen hassan,that new hampshire doesn,t have a drug problem.we await your answer?
And let's not forget he said he won NH....and he didn't.
There is no one Trump won't insult.
Heroin..just as in Nam and with Iran/Contra (cocaine) is distributed worldwide by the CIA..every year in Afghanistan, a bigger crop...
TY for speaking up @SenatorHassan
The crisis is born from strict prohibition 
The crisis has the Controlled Substance Act's bloody finger prints all over it. #EndTheDrugWar
@realDonaldTrump is disgusting. He is a disgusting human being who uses his celebrity to bully and intimidate and he lies #NotMyPresident
"A substance misuse problem"? POTUS didn't put pink lipstick on it. Deaths from overdoses spike in New Hampshire
Shut Up. We're not interested in what a Democrat has to say.
Abuse
Did Trump mention the opiod crisis was a result of lack of regulation in pharma business yay cut "unnecessary" regulations
To Add Trump had gone against every
Social diversity group culture social diversity includes ethnicity, lifestyle, religion, language.
Yet again. A demonstration of how unfit 45 is for office.
Listen This guy can show up in NH tmrw and they will be happy he's there. Celebrity apparently is more important having a qualified POTUS
https://youtu.be/TMcHblG9_j8 . New Hampshire need doctors
Go, Maggie! Thanks for speaking up!
Also Hillary Clinton won New Hampshire
He can say that about black people (who abuse drugs and must suffer the consequences), but when white people misuse drugs they need help.
Everything out of Chump's mouth is disgusting. When he's not lying through his teeth, he's bashing someone or something. What a tool.
No Senator, you are disgusting! POTUS tells it like it is! And Congress has ruined our country with attitudes like yours! Shame on you!
Senator, we don't have a "substance misuse problem" we have a cartel driven drug problem.
When is he going to learn to just keep his mouth shut!? #jackasspotus
This is like Mayor Emmanuel saying that Chicago is the best city ... time for some introspection. Work to make NH better.
What he said is horrible. NH is a beautiful state with beautiful people. But please don't sugar coat national epidemic. It's drug addiction
Not substance misuse. An epidemic of drug addiction for which there are numerous causes which require a broad variety of treatment solutions
"Substance MISUSE crisis" We have a drug epidemic in the US. If you don't see that, you are probably high.  Then again you are from NH...
Plain speak is what we need not your PC jibberish
Thank you for standing up for us.
NH is pretty is pretty bad and so is MA. The drugs come from Lawrence, MA & then up to NH and ME. Everyone knows it.
=> Also, one of the hotbeds of illegal voting per @realDonaldTrump . . .
Why don't we just credit MDs and Pharms Reps for this addiction. Have that industry put away percentage of profits to fix the epidemic.
But what will you DO about it? #25thAmendment
AND he lied about winning the state.
If we kept track of all the mean and rotten things @POTUS says about our own people and places, we probably wouldn't like him very much.
Hassan and other Liberals that won't defend our borders are the cause of the crisis.
Agree that there is a crisis, we need to stop drugs from entering USA. Crackdown heavily on dealers/suppliers maybe incentives for reporting
Fentanyl comes from CHINA not MEXICO! Recent gov study:
https://www.uscc.gov/sites/default/files/Research/USCC%20Staff%20Report_Fentanyl-China …’s%20Deadly%20Export%20to%20the%20United%20States020117.pdf
Turns out your glasses and NH's most lethal drug Fentanyl have something in common.  They are BOTH made in China:
Thank you, Senator, for calling out this unpresidential behavior. A leader doesn't do this.
Good way to win N.H. in 2018. Well-timed insult, thank you. #impeach45
