I have deep concerns about whether Mr. Tillerson will stand up to @POTUS on policies that would undermine our national security
since he was approved what will you and @SenatorShaheen @TheDemocrats do to keep accountability, prevent Armageddon?
I'm so sorry you think that fighting a coup is melodramatic. We fight 4 u too.
apparently u have ur head buried in the sand. #PresidentBannon is taking over.
yeah I'll be sure to do that before my ACA coverage vanishes. #resist
hope you enjoy your last term
Glad to see you're proud to be on the losing side of history.
Thank you, let's hope for the best ...
thank you so much!!
I'm disappointed in you as my senator.
You're a dem drone. That's why you got elected.
why
@kchernecky Thank you for having our backs...we've got your back too...
Thank you! Win or lose, I appreciate you for doing your part to be a voice of common sense and human decency!
nobody cares about your opinion, there is what, like 4 people in your state?
Would you please elaborate on why you voted "yes" for Pompeo, Kelly, Chao, Haley, and Mattis?
thank you so much!
thanks! Can we get his tax returns from now until 10 years out of office to see how many billion$$$ richer he'll be?
no.
are you looking for a pat on the back?? You voted FOR every other Trump nominee! Protest in Concord coming soon.
Thank you!
@WomenCount TY Senator for your no vote!
first No vote on cabinet!  I hope the rest will be NO as well.  -meg from Nashua
New Hampshire weeps
u r a traitor
you must b aware #Hillary barely beat #Trump in #NewHampsire . . then again, maybe not based on your obstructionist vote
waiting on evidence of massive fraud in NH. Since it's a proven fact, y is there no proof, no pics of buses
It must be excruciating for you to watch these people get through. Keep resisting. The people of NH are counting on you!
-<--what an embarrassment
What a pain
Hypocrit! Should've worried when Obama & Hillary set ME ablaze & welcomed people couldn't vet cause Syrian records destroyed!
That is true! Better than a "present" vote!!!
We can be sure you do NOT get re-elected!! @realDonaldTrump WILL!
Well, good for you. Maybe we should give you a trophy
Thank You 
Productive dialog or an announcement to your democratic bretheren?  Need your consensus building skills, not divisiveness.
Who cares
congratulations Mr Tillerson! SOS 
you should be voting against all of them, Maggie.
thank you for having integrity and doing the best choice for our nation.
Glad you aren't my Senator, but then again I'm from from Flyover country which doesn't exist to liberals.
Glad to hear it - please continue to vote against these obscenely inappropriate and unqualified candidates
THANK U! 
For:
Representing THE PPL
Being brave
Having a spine
Going against majority
Not being a suck up
Doing what's right
every deplorable is proud of u here ya go 
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you - vote against the swamp monsters
THANK YOU for voting against Rex Tillerson. Thank you for standing withe the people & not corporations.
good!
I hope the people of New Hampshire remember that next time u are looking to get reelected.
Guess you were outvoted. Too Bad. Hope they vote you out.
Thank you!
loser!
I can't like this enough! Thank you for standing up to him!
Glad you admitted to it dont lie about it during your election campaign or try and nuance it!
Ok great he was still nominated
shocker! Trump could have nominated Jesus and you still would have voted no.
Why?  Because you don't think the USA NEEDS a voice with what's going on in the Ukraine? 

Or is this pure partisanship?
Thank you!
WINNING! Oh...he was still confirmed??? LOSING!!!
metal? Or a monument?
THANK YOU. 
HAHAHA. CAN YOU GET ANY DUMBER.. YOU WON'T GET RE-ELECTED. I GUARANTEE IT.
Thank you!
I'm sure the horde will spare you for that. nice posturing.
thank you
Guess it really doesn't matter  :o
who cares?  You lost again!
Do you ever get tired of losing? Buckle up!
enjoy your last two years in office. #MAGA
Thanks so much, Sen Hassan!
#RubberStamp
On your next election, I hope your state will vote you out of office.
you are an abomination
hahahahahahahha MAGA
whoopee do.  We don't care he's getting thru any way
Don't fight the storm. It's too big and strong.
imagine our shock.
And for my defeat at next reelection bid#DontFollowTheFools
how did that workout?
Shame on you.
And how did that work out for you ?? 
That's okay, buddy. Only 4 more years at least with your mistake.
I stand corrected. Many thanks!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you @SenatorHassan!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Hassan!
@whiteonechevy Uou my lady are a Fool not fit for your position! VOTE her OUT!
stupid is as stupid does.
Merci' beaucoup,  Senator.
@auggone811 and today, you lose

AGAIN 
give me a break, your following will remember "if" you come up for re election
thank you. At least you tried. If Sessions gets in then we better learn Russian. The corruption is vast. Putin smiles.
thank you Maggie
Thank you!
Thank you Maggie #resist
Thank you for trying.
Need a recount?
Thank you Senator. You're off to a great start in DC!
You have earned zero fictitious twitter points with your SJW stance
Thank you for the effort Sen Hassan!   We have a long fight in front of us, keep it up!
Yes, it will be looooong
@DNC - ALL Votes tngl American ppl who in our #Gov cares & who doesn't. #WeThePeople are watching, taking names & sharing.
Thank you for doing the right thing Senator

Thank you from Westmoreland!
thank you for trying.
