You & @SenatorShaheen Are nothing but left wing hack obstructionists who don't seem to understand what JUDGES DO #NHpolitics
And they #pander to the masses.  #RepealThe17th
isn't that what she's supposed to do?  Represent the masses?
Not if you understand the original intent...
Are u saying when you don't agree with the masses it's pandering but when they push an agenda u agree with then it's appropriate?
If u saw my twitter feed last year, you would see similar railing of Ayotte.
You're a LAWYER. Judges aren't supposed to be ACTIVISTS, they are supposed to go by the letter of the LAW #NHPolitics #NHSen
She's a hack lawyer & needs to get back the $ she spent on Senate campaign...no doubt she'll break some laws in process... #nhpolitics
what did you think when GOP wouldn't hold vote on #merrickgarland?
Within their right and a common occurence.  Why would they?
total bullshit. Support him!
If you believe a judge should rule on emotion instead of law you are a danger to the republic. Look forward tolosing in 6 yrs
look forward to losing the WH in 3 yrs 8 months
yeah I don't think that is going to happen. Have you not learned that Trump is a winner despite all odds? You'll learn again
Since when is applying the law as written by Legislative branch counter to a good "Judicial Approach"? Dems liked him in 2006 for appeals ct
Stop being a hack and a lackey ,awful and an embarrassment to NH
.@SenatorHassan You're only obstructing it because you were TOLD to by the Democrat Party. You NEVER think for yourself #NHPolitics #NhSen
Senator Hassan I saw confirmation hearings and heard cases. Can you cite the specific cases that concern you? Feels like partisan blocking?
Thank you for your wise and sensible decision, Senator Hassan.
You and @SenatorShaheen need to STOP voting as party tells you. It is a disgrace you ignore the will of the people. Will we have to fire u?
thank you!
Support Neil Gorsuch you electorate is watching #vote yes
Thank you, Maggie. Your conclusion is spot on. Filibuster this corporate extremist.
Putting party before country yet again. I hope the Dems force the nuclear option, makes replacing Justice Ginsburg easier.
Good! But wish you would also refuse to reward the GOP's theft of this seat from Obama and filibuster any nominee except Merrick Garland.
the court question is whether he is qualified not whether he believes in your liberal biases -half the people u represent are not liberal
thank you for your tireless service. Yours was an easy vote!
He is obviously favors corporate power and is obviously pro life despite his golly gosh persona. Thanks for voting against.
your Feelings are not logical.
Thank you!!!
'Disregard for the impact' really means 'follows the law'...too bad liberals don't understand that.  You are an outrage.
Thank you, senator! Very proud to have you representing NH in the Senate
Please leave your politics behind and vote for the only one who will follow the constitution. Judge Gorsuch will not waiver from US law.
what a disgrace!! you are just a water carrier for the obstructionists in Congress.  Shame on you !!  NH deserves much better
Thank you @SenatorHassan for putting the lives of real people ahead of big corporations and voting to #StopGorsuch! https://medium.com/@SenatorHassan/why-i-cannot-support-judge-gorsuchs-nomination-for-the-supreme-court-83734080d355 …
you are both just partisan obstructionists afraid of schemer.
Gorsuch is most deceptive nominee ever. Presents self 180degree different than he did to benefactors 2B their #1.
Thank you.
@ace54872398 u r a hero!
thank you!
I disagree with you on this Senator. I believe you clearly have no idea what the residence of New Hampshire find important.
I'm a resident and I agree with her. So she must have some idea.
me too!
THEJOB of aJudge is2 interpretLAW as written!NOT 2make decisionsbased on theIMPACT it will have on some!YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT!
@SenateDems I thought 'get enough women elected to Congress, things will change'. NOT! We r just as partisan as the men! Sad
@SenateDems block every nominee from the republican what they did to Obama wasn't fair and now they want orange face nominee
@SenateDems Time to nuke your asses...
@CRPJustice 
Judge Gorsuch will be the SCOTUS
Thank you, Senator!
You're a disappointment for our state and county.
@FoxNews Maggie. So you have no reason for not supporting Gorsuch? So much for doing whats right for Americans.
This statement is ludicrous. Liberal democrats have not been friends to the working class or to racial minorities.
Good ,for he is a stiff.
The difference between what Gorsuch presented and who he is like that between Clark Kent and Superman. Dishonest!
Thank you. #gorsuch
But if it was Kermit Gosnell up for nomination you would support, right?
@BernieArtists he's not a judge he's a corporate whore no morals no honesty no ethics
FEELINGS NOT LAW!!!
Thank you @SenatorHassan for standing up for the people of NH.
grow up. He's an exceptional judge.
thank you
thank you Senator
as an NH native Im very saddened, public not with you http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/poll-little-opposition-confirming-neil-gorsuch_us_58dacf6fe4b0cb23e65c2f2e?section=politics …
Thank you Senator Hassan, for not supporting Neil Gorsuch's  nomination. Proud to have you as my Senator.
So surprised. You and Shaheen are in lockstep.
Thank You!!
we ask our judges to rule on the law, not for the big or small guys.  if you don't like the laws, your job is to change them.
Thank you! Trump shouldn't be making lifer appointments anyway while under investigation. #IndependentInvestigation
investigation has turned up exactly NOTHING.  How did Russia hack the election again?  Did they change votes?
who cares what u do, we do NOT even know your name!
@incognito_4747 thank you!
@SenateDems stay strong and keep fighting
Thank you for hanging tough & not voting 4 Gorsuch. He was not forthcoming at hearing & I question the legitimacy of #trump
Thank you Senator!!
. @SenatorHassan THANK YOU! Keep fighting!
Translation: I have no good reason to vote against him other than I don't like Trump. #nhpolitics
so you want someone who you will have in your pockets, awesome. No double jeopardy there.
@SenateDems Because the Republicans nominated him.
@SenateDems we cannot wait till you abort yourself at your local planned parenthood
LIAR, LIAR
@SenateDems 
Why are you lying to the American ppl? Maybe because that's the only way of life for Dems. Low life. Liars.
thanks!
Thank you, Maggie! <3
Thank you. Regardless of his qualifications, there can be no vote until Russia investigation into @POTUS is complete.
Thank you.
@SenateDems that is the biggest line of bull! You are a terrible senator resign or just quit. You'll be voted out next time
Thank you Senator Hassan!

Shocker!!
Judge Gorsuch is the most qualified person. Democrats are being obstructionist as usual. You are a Waters obstructionist
I bet really in his personal life it's the same. He just disguised it.
@SenateDems Put your big girl panties on and do your job! You already confirmed him unanimously before! Stop politicking!
Thank you@SenatorHassan
well done
I can't wait to see what liberal left-wing hack you'll be backing.
Thank you!!
Only thing Dems have shown, is their own personal & liberal agenda. We are still watching & taking names.
@SenateDems Shame in you!
Thank you!
thank you!
What Sen. Hassan is saying to you is that she doesn't want a judge that will uphold the written law.
I'm glad to read this! Thank you. #nhpolitics #Gorsuch
@SenateDems well any judge with integrity would decline this seat, tainted court
Because you are a sleazy democrat hack.
Strictly political. Dems are corrupt and have done nothing positive for this country in years. #RepublicanSupermajority2018
If you can"t support a man who follows the law, you don't belong in the "legislative" branch of government -- WOW
@SenateDems @SenateGOP BETTER LISTEN TO THE DEMS-VOTERS WILL NOT STAND CORPORATE FAVORS-WORK FOR PEOPLE NOT CORPORATIONS
In other words, he is not Liberal enough for you to legislate from the bench. Your conclusion is totally wrong!
nh needs a recall law. Doubt you would survive. Do your job support Gorsuch.
wow so many trolls! That means Maggie is doing the right thing! Thank you, Senator! 
@SenateDems YES!!!
@SenateDems you don't need a reason just follow the senate clown Schumer.
i see some of your out of state same day registration sycophants are cheering u on 4 being a tool of dem party#voterfraud
What a bunch of bullshit.  You're nothing more than a Democratic shill.
Thank you Senator Hassan!
Judge Gorsuch rules by the law as written, and not with liberal emotions and agenda. He more than qualified.
If you keep repeating it, you might actually start believing it.  Doing what is politically expedient....
@SenateDems Sen your argument does not hold water. Think about the job of Supreme Court judge
@SenateDems Thank You!!!
Thank you Senator Hassan!
@SenateDems best excuse you could come up with, eh?
I voted for you but not again. 
Political hack
Thank you.
expected as you follow Chuck. Ever heard of a Leeming?
No, but I have heard of lemmings.
Ever heard of a spell checker that can't spell? 
what a load of bull. Your just doing what your progressive overloads tell u. You only won by 600 votes with 6000 being non nh
Good argument. Totally fair!
Not really. Think about job of Supreme Court judge
thank you
Thank you Senator Hassan! #StopGorsuch
thanks SO much
disappointed in you. The new Democrats really suck ass

I regret that while I respect your position I have to disagree-his record as a jurist is based on law and not social causes
Totally partisan decision. Shame on you. As an independent voter in this State, I expect more.
Thank you! You make me proud to have voted for you every day!
Thank you! Please vote no on cloture as well.
also, he is the nominee of an illegitimate and criminal administration.  #justsayin
L. O. L.
Or more accurately: "Putting the constitution before the democrat party agenda."
shouldn't be senators!
the law is changed in the legislative branch, it is judged & reinforced in the judicial branch. Senators who don't get this
The left has surrendered their duty to legislate. They championed the "pen and phone" they prefer activist judges
.@SenatorHassan Thank you, Senator Hassan. I'm behind you 100% on this.
brava thank you!

thank you senator.
