Trump signs executive order on Affordable Care Act in his biggest action yet to undo the health-care law http://wapo.st/2i7s4V4 
If your logic? Is correct, didn’t Obama do the same by a Govt takeover?
We are  right back to the republican way of life, or death depending on your income.
My insurance has gone up so much that it is almost that way now!! Dems have done nothing to fix Ocare all this time. Not sayin this is right, but maybe it will force something to be done, Ocare not working
I respect your situation. I also respect the working class Trump voters, having been out of work myself. You have to take your best option.
When Tramp manages to take down ACA, can we please do Universal care? Like every civilized country on the planet?
Yes...let's have FedGov control our health care! Their inefficiency/unaccountability/irresponsibility has work for the VA!
Works great for Medicare, which isn't required to have separate hospitals and doctors for the group, like the VA does.
Personally I don’t want to pay 60% taxes AND get crappy health care which is what will happen if the government runs health care. More government is not the solution, wake up
Really. they pay 60% taxes in Canada, Germany, France, England, etc?
I have worked in Canada three times for 4-6 month stretches and Germany for 6 months and yes, anywhere from 50-61%, Canada actually taxes it’s own tax, I see it every time I create an invoice
You are right - shameful is the word.
His hatred for Obama has just destroyed the American medical insurance for all!
New England is a very big "state" , band together on #healthcareisaright and break the moron's base
Do something about this senator. This EO should be challenged in court. Don't let this stand.
@POTUS is actually following the law. Look it up.
It won’t go through like the previous attempts.  The sad old man just wants to undo what he never could till he grows a heart
When you decide to fail. You go big.
Why does it seem like the only way Trump can get anything done is if it's by executive order??? Maybe that tells ya somethin'.
Lol, u mean like Obama!
Trust me, I hope you're right, for all of our sakes.
The entire Republican Party  is shameless.
DEMONcrats are racists. After all they brought you the KKK, lynchings, segregation, Welfare, socialism, the Usurper, and the THING killery.
Did you sleep in history class?
She knows more about history than you can possibly fathom. Take your hysteria elsewhere to someone at your low level of intelligence, Lance.
Thank you Jonny M
Liberals are actually siding with Iran, a terrorist dictatorship that openly says "death to America" over our own President.
And further lining the pockets of his family.This action will send people right to Jared Kushner's healthcare app."Oscar"#conflictofinterest
No. He’s committing genocide.
and...impeachable? It is causing mortal danger to millions. #RepublicansPLEASEGrowBalls
Calling him out on twitter is one thing. Doing something is another.
Hey Maggie do u have healthcare?  MOST ppl don't.. At least he is doing something . Time will tell and we will see who is Shameful.
And what he’s doing isn’t helping us
Obamacare is nothing more than bs.
I see you got your 'sabotage' talking points - when you all use the same word people laugh - @ least be original. KOOLAID Drinker
So you agree its has already been sabotaged. Senator you time is #TermLimited
You have it all wrong Maggie
Au contraire:
Americans health care has been at Risk?? Same ole shit! Different toilet!
The destruction of the country is DT's actual GOAL. Once you accept that obvious fact the rest all falls into place.
Sorry that's the democrats. Obamacare, Iran dumb deal, Letting our military become degraded on purpose to weaken us!!!Agenda 2030. Read it
Your senate seat was stolen! You need to step down! What a disgrace you are as a human being to take that senate seat knowing you stole it!
2018 cannot come fast enough!
Add these names to shameless ... Menendez, Clinton, Pelosi, Schumer, Schultz and the man himself. Obama
Why was Congress exempt from Obamacare.   Why.  Why.  Why.
Universal healthcare will mean everyone will instantly stop taking care of themselves.

Just look at the unhealthy populations of Denmark, and Germany, and Norway: They're all a bunch of morbidly obese and sickly moochers, sponges and leeches.

Our way works because the sick die.
obamacare is falling apart on its own flaws. Even so, Pres Trump is removing restrictions so that more people have access to what remains.
ACA is falling apart. Pres Trump is trying to expand access to what remains.
You're shameful, you and your false win voter fraud
He is attempting to lower the cost of health insurance.
Where is #GOP resistance to Executive Orders these days!? When Pres Obama signed EOs, there was an uproar from GOP. Why OK now? #voteoutGOP
Because these are smart ones and Obamas were stupid. Only pertained to stupid social issues.  That's how he divided us...on social issues.
We MUST #VoteOutGOP so we can restore what Trump is destroying! Trump's presidency is definitely a "disaster". We MUST change it. Shameful!
Cheap plans that cover nothing and expensive plans for real coverage. So much for mandatory pre existing coverage. GOP Trump suck!
this is a txt from a friend today, "Omg I am so upset my insurance is going from 1400 a month to 2500 I am freaking "
He breaks it; he owns it.
I have pre-existing conditions on Medicare w/supplement what does this mean for people in this position?
No he isn’t Maggie
Rape Man 45 is a menace to society.
@SenatorHassen. How the hell did you ever get elected with thinking like that?
Would be nice 2 hear clinics wld c patients w/o ins 4 a low per visit fee so we cld cancel our policies & let carriers know we're in charge!
Working people have to buy Usurpercare, the bums that live off the government DON'T
DEMONcrat?
Your are shameful senator for protecting disastrous, failing Obamacare.
Obamacare has destroyed ins
Are you kidding?? We are trying to buy ins and we have no choice!! $1500 mo is cheapest.
Third World Country being served up by Republicans.  Shameful.
Sue him!
We all complain about @realDonaldTrump.  Because of Russian spy craft we have a man whos is compromised in the WH.  Do something about it!
I call bullshit, Maggie.  Stop trying to scare people.
Yet none of our elected officials is doing a single thing about it.

Bs it will give more options, NH is not a health insurance friendly state.  No one can afford insurance.
"Omg I am so upset my insurance is going from 1400 a month 2 2500 I am freaking" this was a txt from a friend 2day
yeah then you can wait a year for MRI or worse cancer treatment
Who wants choices anyway?
so Obama and the Democrats totally fucked up healthcare and somehow Trump should be impeached for trying to correct it?
yeah, because Obama Care worked so well
His Russian pals from Alfa Group, Friedman etc,  just got one step closer to owning American health care.
#IMPEACH
Do something - we know he is violating laws and the constitution!
actually he is not...unlike Barry
God help us all!
So Lil Maggie, what BUSINESS experience do you HAVE ? Open State competition is good for CONSUMERS dumb POLITICION
Ms. Hassan, please rescue us from this unfit maniac.   Every single American life is in danger, as is the Constitution, as is the world.
Not to mention disregarding the laws of the land that he swore to uphold but actively trying to subvert them.
He is also violating his Oath of Office, but that's a daily occurrence.
People with preexisting conditions need instant access to Medicare, until we get universal healthcare.
You still have ACA!
Americans deserve better of a president then the idiot that’s playing president now. He doesn’t know where his own asshole is 
Could you please add Harvey Weinstein to your list. Thank you
The whole @GOP is shameless to be honest Senator. This is a dark period for Americans. No other way to say it.
Isn’t it murder when someone consciously acts and that act kills people?
I suspect President Trump has now regressed to a transient psychotic state as he systematically destroys our country more and more each day.
and how has he destroyed the country?
Stop lying
What lies? Be very specific. Counter with verifiable information.

You can't, can you?
Winning - pen and phone style. Your outrage makes me enjoy this so much more
Medicare for all now.
It must be challenged and squashed by the courts!
I am glad Trump is signing it. The bad ACA should have been repealed already.
Great work by POTUS. The exemption for Congress should be his next target. Get that removed and see how you all start whining for Obamacare!
@SenateDems

Dotard knows that! He's just plain EVIL!
You didn't give a fuck when my Healthcare was destroyed by Obama.
You mean the Un-Affordable Care Act. With fuer providers, less coverage, and my rates skyrocketing, how can you say that the ACA is so good?
*fewer
Invoke 25th Amendment
It's his baby now let him have it!
@ClaraJeffery -where are the Dem's YELLING from the rooftops?! why don't the Dem's do like the GOP, hit TV en masse/same msg?
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump doesn't give a damn about the American People! #ImpeachTrump
He gives a damn about you. No more middle eastern terrorists comming in right now. Also getting rid of illegal criminals.
He is also sabotaging the US citizens in Puerto Rico. Can the Dem Congress do anything? Does any Repub care?
and how is he sabotaging P.R.?
So big insurance companies donate to you? Sounds like it. More competition great go trump brilliant
If @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems @SenateGOP don't act now & #ImpeachTrumpNow #wethepeople will be left to do it ourselves.
We may just have to do that.
Did you bump your head this morning?
Trump should be impeached before he destroys our country and the world. Can't understand why they don't present Article 25. He's incompetent
Gotta get those TAX CUTS first!
I have news for you!  My health care is already at risk because you Democrats pushed through a bad ACA law down our throats.
You D’s were the ones who destroyed the health insurance industry with the ACA.
Turn down your exemption and by what we have to Maggie.
Show your constituents exactly how much you care.
Somehow I doubt you will, hypocrite.
I see the Dems got their talking points today. @CoryBooker had nearly identically worded statement
More sabotage, when will it end. tRump is insane and Amendment 25 should be activated.
What is in this EO?
I don't want to hear anything that isn't impeach.  Please do your job
About time. Bye bye Obozo care.
Hello, trollbot.
Troll. At least I don't blindly follow my party or tow their line.
Of course you do. We know who pays you, comrade.
I'm not paid. As a loyal constitution loving person it is my duty to fight you communists. What's better? Is O admit what I am.
I don't accuse the left of being loyal. But you accuse the right of being fascists? What a joke.
@RepJohnFaso is #complicit
What can be done to fight this?!
I had no gripes about my healthcare until the #ACA.  It should be repealed!
That's a lie
Yet ANOTHER brand-new trollbot. Your comrades are all over this tweet. Wonder why...
When will congress act to demolish trumpty? After he kills Americans and destroys our country? Please do something stop this madman
Wow, you really are ignorant arent you?
#trollbot 
At risk?? Pshaw! if it goes according to plan, there'll be no risk to coverage! You can't risk something you don't have!
#ImpeachTrump
Impeach senator hassan.
You have not even had a chance to read it yet but already with the negative response.  54% increase in Ocare in NH for next year.
45 needs to be impeached.  Now.
Not very bright.
I’m on the exchange and terrified
