For months, Americans have laid themselves bare: telling story after story about how they would be impacted if health care is repealed.
And what about the Corporations that are CONTRIBUTING & CAUSING many of our illnesses?!  Our BODIES are a part of the environmental debate!
But we do because we have been left no choice. #epilepsy no #insurance = multiple seizures a day. Please #KillTheBill pick people please.
It's worse: Americans are being forced to relive most heartbreaking moments, when healthcare saved lives — then be ignored by their GOP reps
Link to how many lives were saved by aca or what u just posted is bull
The biggest threat to the American people is the Republican Party
Nor do their storied have any impact, these officials have already decided their consituents health is not worth saving.
IF bill passes 1st DEG MURDER CHARGES NEED TO BE BROUGHT AGAINST GOP WHEN THE FIRST UNINSURED PATIENT DIES! 
SEND A MSG! SET A PRECEDENT!
Do you really believe anyone is going to die due to being uninsured?
Yes, they have and they will.
I live in a state where people died when the state messed with medicare; won't be any different when all insurance messed up with G/C bill.
We've discovered that our personal stories pale next to Koch $. Cancer-schmanzer! My senator needs a million more!
And yeah, I'm a Texan, so you know who I'm talking about!
YES. I am so tired of the expectation that vulnerable ppl lay out their most painful stories just for possibility to be seen as legitimate.
How does anyone get far into adulthood & not have seen, from own/family/friends' experience, how crucial access to quality care is?!
Are they just lucky? Oblivious? Or do they somehow think that access IS good for all in US? I want to think they'd care if they knew...
Mom had malignant brain tumor, I was 11. So I was attuned to these issues earlier than most. But don't all adults know ppl w/ health probs?!
Now you know we don't care
You're right, Senator. It should NOT be. But it is. So how are you + like-minded senators going to change this situation with 46 + 2 seats?
But that's part of the fun amirite #gop
Instead of whining introduce a Bill. Call Warren She is Tweeting complaints as well.
Like that will help...
@SenateMajLdr 
would listen?
would allow it to be debated?
would allow it to come to a vote?
HAHA
#payattention
Exactly Senator! Unreal that we have to resort to this level. Is there any decency left in the Republican Party?
Nor should it be necessary for us to keep fighting the same battle.
The ACA is great, saved my life. G-C does nothing to lower costs or reduce premiums. It is not a fix, just ruins the whole thing.
Appreciate your advocacy Senator.
No it's not @senmaggieHassan, and thank you for acknowledging this. But I do willing to help fight this horrendous bill #StopGrahamCassid
Could you please tell that to Senator @SenCapito
I can't think of any other way to do it. Health care all--ALL--happens at the individual level. One patient at a time.
Yep! ALL as in EVERYBODY! Everyone has the SAME healthcare even elected officials, famous people, appointed officials, and the military!
BS sob stories right out of the time tested democratic playbook.

Riddle me this Maggie, If the ACA is so great why does it need fixing?
My son's car accident and fatal brain injury where due to ACA guidelines, the law, allowed 10 months of hope and treatment was not BS.
I eat right & go to the gym. Why should I pay for McDonald's eating, 400lb, diabetic, heart attack waiting to happen Joe Shmoe's Healthcare?
Yea so repeal aca already
Thank you.
Amen x1000
An empathetic person doesn't need to hear the stories to care. And unfortunately an unempathetic one won't care anyway.
You are right but you wanted it, dug for it and used it for your own goals.
Most likely, they simply want the officials to care about their constituents.
I feel the same way, Sen. We are having to watch one of our most precious commodities being pimped out for a big tax cut for the wealthy.
I want everyone to have the SAME #healthcare
THEN it will be FAIR!
Senate
House
POTUS
SCOUTUS
Gov Depts
Staff
Military
Civilians
Rich
Poor
Exactly correct Senator Hassan. Congress should be accomplishing things that better the U.S. and that's why the mess we have.
Yes - the govt. is supposed to be there to HELP them, not destroy them!
Trump and his supporters do not care. Its all about the profits for a few.
My story could enlighten how the top works.
Maybe you should actually do what your constitutes want, all of us not just the people who voted for you. Your supposed to represent us all!
My life would not be "impacted" as a Type 1 diabetic I will die without insulin. 

I am alive because of Maggie
I call BS because for every sob story you spew I have 10 of how Obamacare has burdened families and ruined our health insurance time after 
I have cried on the phone to my Senators telling them what this will do to my family. @SenJohnMcCain and @JeffFlake don't seem to care
What Healthcare plan are you on senator? How much do you pay? Why don't you subject yourself to what we have to live with? Ruling elitists!
You know what? this is 100% right. I legitimately don't even think twice about this anymore but this is true.
Too bad that they are that dependent on a corrupt and bankrupt government!
Government should have never got involved in health care.
Damn right they always muck it up.
Yes on pro & cons Rhat why y'all should send it to the states so they can best serve their people You know they can.
You can continue to develop conditions for block grants and ways to improve health care regulated like life, car, fire, home insurances.
It's unimaginably painful to go through this over & over again.
It's because the current batch of R's have been failures: they don't know how to govern.
Graham-Cassidy is a death sentence for millions of Americans&for me, an end2being able2afford Asthma meds; I work full time-have insurance
You really should do some investigation instead of just spewing negative uninformed tweets.
Same to you.
Yes it should. Who pays for this Maggie?  Not you.  What health insurance plan do you have? No response?
Thanks for voting to waste our money on even more military spending.
As we've learned, Senator, the .@GOP is just about the least Christian group of politicians ever. No #compassion. No #decency. #JustPolitics
Liar. They are just realists. Obamacare is on life support. This country can't afford it and it's technically dead and illegal.
Easily affordable. Less war! Obamacare has being sabotaged from the beginning by the GOP; never wanted it to succeed. Also, illegal? HAH!
Health care is left to states, GC bill is a favor to help states while they take care of their citizens. Doesn't favor lib states like ACA.
Leaving it to the states creates a regulatory mess. Much simpler (and more cost effective) to have the same rules everywhere. Fewer regs!
Fed gov't is king of regs. Original design of USA lets red states be red and blue be blue. Let people pick what they want... and get it
Because that worked out so well for EVERYone! #slavery #JimCrow Also, many issues are inherently interstate (commerce, air/water quality).
@GOP doesn't care about Americans' healthcare; they care about lining their coffers and keeping their jobs.
Meanwhile those of us who pay a monthly payment equal to a Lexus car pmt. and have $6000 deductible don't get any care either.  Gave it up.
You only listen to one side of the issue. You are ignorant of the truth. Obamacare is a disaster. High cost. No healthcare.
Vote yes save the rest of us too.
Vote for the GOP plan ...please let's start dismantling O'care as soon as possible. Make history!
Repeal
And all that they hear are request from insurance CO and special interest they trump lives sad so sad that this is how our goverment helps
You asked to be a senator. You need to consider all ppl. Middle class is getting destroyed by Ocare costs. There are no free lunches.

I've shared and begged but still have no insurance. Only some matter.
So True. And these folks have willingly laid their lives bare...with such dignity!
I don't even have a story...I know healthcare is the right thing to do. It's not a hard concept to grasp.
These stories NEED to be told so the heartless GOP hears from those they want to KILL!  They have a right to save their lives &their kids 2!
Do you have the courage to tell the truth that Obamacare is hurting millions of Americans and bankrupting our country?
Sounds like how Obamacare was introduced by Pelosi "we need to vote for it before we can read it"
All I see is democrats looting, protesting, vandalizing, assaulting people. Why aren't they working? Get a damn adult job & get insur.
Great point Sen Hassan---it's like they want to see groveling. Great point
And heartless GOP just ignores them when they're at their most vulnerable.
Trumpland
The veterans begged you people for years to stop allowing the VA to toally IGNORE painful and deadly issues. You people did NOTHING.
Our veterans have been telling you people about the VA's refusal to care and to date you have done nothing for them. PAY FOR YOUR WARS!
Wars are paid for welfare state is what costs more than wars. Makes us all slaves to the government. Stand up and pay your way.
My son!  Brilliant and brave.  We are terrified about what the passage of this will do to the coverage he has.
We will fight for you
Agree! But somehow the men in the senate want women to spill their guts
Especially when the stories are expected to always be prefixed w/ what was done not to get sick or how unexpected it was.
Not that it isn't good for ppl to try to stay healthy, but if they mess up that shouldn't be a death sentence to the extent we can stop it.
And so many illnesses, even cancer, can happen to the healthiest. Most diseases are like a crap shoot. Especially to millions of children.
Exactly. But I don't even think we should be judging that. If you're sick we help you if we can.
I agree. This is beyond shameful and should not be tolerated.
I know. Keep thinking it can't get worse, but then...it does. Totally out of control.
Fight for us, fight for all of us
NH: pragmatic, not dogmatic.
What else are we supposed to do? Let congress make a decision that could kill millions?
I think she is trying to say you shouldn't have to go to such lengths.  What's worse is, they most likely are not impacted by your stories.
You are absolutely correct!! Sadly we can tell our stories and it doesn't really matter 
But you're ok with making Americans who protest israel felony criminals when they choose to boycott illegal settlements.
