ALERT: Reporters at Capitol have been told they are not allow to film interviews with senators in hallways, contrary to years of precedent
Good. They don't want the media misrepresenting what it says.
Is this different than voting on the AHCA without reading the bill a few years back?
It was ok when Dems did it?Pelosi "we have to sign the bill before we can find out what's in it" classic line forever in American politics !
Isn't that u guys passed or shoved Obamacare..
I hope you see the irony in your tweet... Do you not remember Obamacare?
ACA had tons of hearings, they went on for months. Way false equivalency! There were hundreds of GOP amendments. Remember gang of six? 3r3d
But ACA didn't have the media twisting everything out of context like they are now.
Such as?
Post any link from msm and I'll tell you. Generally, they like 2 scare u with big numbers but don't say over how long or how it got there.
This is a common ploy for fake conservs, it's not up for me to prove your point it's up to you and your not doing it cuz you don't know how
BS. That's like saying prove the rotation of the sun in 140 characters.
Literally every article I have read from msm cherry picks data and presents it to you in a way to push their agenda.
This behavior is unacceptable. Senate Democrats need to do everything humanly possible to stop #Trumpcare
No more docile Democrats. When they go low, we go low.
I'm writing until they probably just throw my letters in the trash. If nothing else, they won't forget me until they're voted out and gone!
I wish these people would invite about a dozen chronically ill to spend a 12 hour day in their company and see the day to day struggles.
Really getting very tired of this Admin in general and 45 specifically. Seems he is doing everything wrong but can do no wrong with Repubs!
hassan twists everything they do. You will not get the truth about Republican efforts from her. That's a fact.
What are these worthless republican Senators doing to our country, hope they all get replaced
Gee I wonder why ?
Hmm, Who said this ? But we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it.
It's actually because the press is horrifically biased, but you say tomato...
Fake info you putting out there 
Maybe if the media would bring back objective journalism, they wouldn't have to worry about everything being taken out of context.
Another attack on our freedoms.
Please STOP Trumpcare! STOP THE GOP FROM RUINING OUR COUNTRY FOR SELF INTEREST!!!
I'm proud to have you as my NH Senator!
Thank you, @senatorhassan. You represent NH well.
@SenateDems @SenateGOP HOW IS THIS HAPPENING?!  FIGHT DEMOCRATS!  This Republican behavior is UNAmerican!
This is not acceptable. We need to #resist
Who made these restrictions?
20 million votes against GOP guaranteed.
Remember Pelosi saying you have to pass the bill so you can see what's in it?
Lmao
Keep seeing that you guys aren't going to fight AHCA. If one of you votes for it then every single one of you need to lose your seat.
Senator we all know what a terrible atrocity their about to foist on the elderly poor, the disabled and indigent!
This was a trial balloon effort on the part of desperate, scared ruling party members who are terrified of leaks in their ranks
But what they're saying is a lie There have been no rule changes re press access to legislators according to Klobacher who talked to Shelby!
Republicans are marching toward a authoritarian society.

By whom and do they have the authority? If so please contact @ACLU and a 1st amendment atty.  The courts are how we stop this bully!
Remain calm.  K Street will watch out  for the American ppl. They maintain access to these guys when and how they want.
What are you and your colleagues able to do to stop this disaster bill??? PLEASE fight for us!!!
Sounds exactly like the Obamacare bill that you democrats passed...Remember they have to pass it before American know what's in the bill...

@SenPatRoberts staff today told me I was wrong when I mentioned this.  Apparently all Dems on the Committee are taking part. Just so you 2/
know what your colleagues are telling their constituents.  Dems are apparently NOT being shut out. Business as usual. Scaryshit
@SenateDems are pretty useless. Spineless. Weak. Timid. Repubs use every tool they have. Y'all still trying to be 'nice.'
Withdraw unanimous consent until GOP stops the nonsense.
SHUT IT ALL DOWN. Grind the entire Senate to a halt.
Demand to be involved. Barge into those meetings. Don't just sit back and tweet. This is ridiculous! Shout loud from the rafters. GOP 
DO SOMETHING. Stop tweeting and get in front of a camera. Dems should be SCREAMING about this and every corrupt thing the GOP is doing.
Totally agree with you...and if they do not, they will lose in 2018 and 2020...it is that important!
What will happen if reporters defy this on a live stream? Will they be arrested? On what charge?
Retribution is a tool Comgress uses when anyone crosses them. Can be VERY nasty.
The nerve!!! Next thing you know they will be telling us 'we will have to pass the bill before we know what's in it'
what would happen, would they be arrested?  When do we get our country back?
Will this be passed without Democrats voting or reviewing it?
Is this America or is the North Korea?
NBC, ABC,CBS,MSNBC all need an injunction...sue for access. That's your job. If you roll over we might as well all just emigrate to EU
maybe they are waiting until they have finalized the details
You miss my point, issue isn't this bill, it's not allowing 4th estate access to Congress. Ending whpress briefs would be wh equivalent.
Not OK.  So, what are you doing about it?  #WithholdConsent
Good! What did Obamacare do? Pass it then we will read it.now the shoe on other foot
What can you do about this? & How quickly???
How is this America? How is this democracy?!
BS!!!!!
How about we "pass the bill to know what's in it" or did you forget Pelosi's words?
How is this even allowed?  Has he totally thrown out the Constitution?  When, dear Lord, when will this monster be stopped?
why don't you delay it? you have the power to do that
"You have to pass it to see what's in it"
"@NancyPelosi"
So wasn't that how Pelosi and Reid passed Obamacare?
Withhold Consent.
After tRump is impeached, elections are being held, these Senators will be begging for a platform to spew re-election lies.
