With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks, at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Thank you for your response.  Someone needs to tell him that he is not a Dictator, nor is he in charge of Nazi propaganda machines which replace our FCC.
Apparently he knows not, nor does he care, about what is legal.

Wouldn't it be hilarious if Twitter consider revoking Trump's Twitter access.
For the sake of the entire world......They should
With all of the fake news coming out of the White House, at what point should we impeach the President?
Printing blatant lies just to stir up violence should be illegal. If you can't understand the damage being caused, then U need a new job
There is another thing called satire. If NBC wants to be a satirical news agency, they should be labeled as such.
Here is how it works. You don't get to print anything you want and call it news. If you are too incompetent to fix the problem, America will
Lying donny boy, is a president who is stupid with respect to government. Does not make USA feel safe.
But these 200 newspaper & DNC extended paid goons Media R fake news. U forgot how their POLLS duped their own dem Voter base?
Donald Trump; one braincel in big big empty water.
Thanks, Jessica. But we all know Donald can't read.  Or won't.
@R_Bennettjr @realDonaldTrump he'll make it happen Jess. He's Trump
There's always room for change
Weinstein story isn't the first the media has "spiked." Read my article on  @thehill http://thehill.com/opinion/campaign/354754-weinstein-allegations-are-not-the-first-stories-spiked-by-media …
He has got more power than god, @POTUS who and what band of people are gonna stop you, if i remember you idiots voted him in #headshake...
the sad part he will never read it and if he does he would not understand what it means. He will forever be a 
I can think of something that really is bad for the country- a president who doesn't understand the importance of a free press. God help us!
NBC easily researched. FOX you can't research lies.
Trump Intl Hotel within historic "Old Post Office" is leased from GSA. Bldg & land are property of fed govt. given to customers at check-in
So you're telling me the Chief Executive of the United States doesn't understand basic functions of the country's main institutions?
I think it's cute that you think he read.
Now THAT was a great slapdown.
„Not how it works“ should be the motto of trumps presidency
Watch out.
You'll be on his enemies list now.
Hope you've got a good parachute.
What about Mr Pai @AjitPaiFCC
Absolutely love this! Thank you.
just refer to him as what we all know he truly is,a senile sack of shit who belongs in an insane asylum with the door hinges welded shut
I hate to break it to you trump but you’re the one bad for the country.
Thank you for the information
Then do your job & take care of the corrupt media that makes up stories & lies to the American people. Not good for our country
FAKE NEWS??? Because you don't like it. SORRRRYYY 1st amendment!!!  You give fake news how do we revoke You?
This guy is so unfit to be president it's unreal
The idiot in chief @realdonaldtrump, who's never taken a civics lesson could really do with less twitter and more books. #unfit #impeach
@realDonaldTrump Blatant fake-news to the American public to create Chaos and riots with no consequences is How it works..In liberal land
Thank you Jessica, we need a Free Press, not a Trump FakeNews Agency.
.@JRosenworcel This would work if he understood the rule & role of law, but he's a fascist dictator. You'd better be ready to #FightFascism.
no way is he able to read through 30 pages....lol

Thanks & respect for standing up to #MoronInChief @realDonaldTrump
All he has to do is catch them in NS scandle, legally shut them down!!
Need to cut that down to half a page (1/2) with graphs and pictures. Add in some positive orange buffoon comments and he'll read for sure.
Smarmy!Still, FCC revoked RKO’s license AND public can object to license renewal for distorted news-see pgs. 12-14 
https://www.fcc.gov/sites/default/files/public-and-broadcasting.pdf …
For stations, not networks.
Perhaps you'll enjoy this while we wait for the next disaster. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RMFELAJ7Yc&t=3s … #NBC #Trumpmedia
License is not capitalized in the middle of a sentence, Donald!
That's far too much reading for @realDonaldTrump. Maybe tell him there's something about The Apprentice winning an award in it
But it should be. I mean how much slander can a printing press put out before you are held accountable?
Thank you.
He dsnt call out Fox (Sean Hannity/Seth rich story) or info wars(Alex Jones/everything he says)? Oh that's right they're his buddies!

And thank you again!
That's 33 pages with no pictures!! How is Tinyhands going to get past page one ???
Sign and spread the word please https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/remove-donald-trump-office-using-powers-granted-yo-people-under-10th-amendment-constitution-attacks …
Dictator talk.
Look for his next executive order.  He takes what he wants.  BEWARE.
Impeach fake president instead
He could never read that! There's no pictures.
GO WES!! @wesleyan_u
Maybe it could...
Brainwashing is "repeating a lie so often the recipient eventually believes it". The 1st Axiom of Donald Trump, Con Man Extraordinaire. 
Page 14, news distortion. Also applies to story on Harvey Weinstein, in which NBC didn't publish 2 years ago.Disgusting
Freedom of the press doesn't= freedom to lie. The press is to investigate,verify, and publish THE TRUTH!!! Come on now
He's new at this
It actually is...in plain English...in the document you posted.  See pg 14...News Distortion.
Thank God and I guess freedom of press
Well...
That applies more to Sinclair Broadcasting than it does NBC or CNN.
That's your biased view.
Biased only because I have personally researched the previous case which has been cited by some as a precedent, sir.
TJeff:Were it left 2 me 2 decide whether we shd have gov w/o newspapers, or papers w/o gov I shd not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
If the FCC & FEC followed their own regulations, you would all be shut down.
Well the last time I looked around we live in a Democracy, not a country wallowing in fascism.
No, we live in a corporatist fascist state.
Was this way long before Trump

ECONOMIC FASCISM by Thomas J. DiLorenzo 
http://www.pafairtax.org/resrcs/econfascism.pdf …
True, however we slaves do have some rights.....
Of course it isn't but this is missing the point. No one (most importantly his voters) cares about the intricacies...
...More important is this is a weak, failing President, making excuses because he can't keep promises...
Better traction simply pointing out how weak/useless his pres is proving, rather than wasting time proving every crackpot statement wrong.
Where the hell is the @heritage foundation at? I thought they protected the spirit of the constitution? Bunch of ducking liars. 
What needs challenged is you being President! #ImpeachNow
It is how fascism works though.
Brilliant response!
Not YET
Seems like the section on hoaxes and distortion would apply if the news is knowingly incorrect
With all the communism running around.  #sad
Jessica I’m not sure if @realDonaldTrump understands that but who knows next he may call for revoking the @nytimes license:-)
A 9-year-old document? From the website, As public trustees, broadcasters may not intentionally distort the news
Click to follow.....
So it is okay for a network to falsely report on everything that @POTUS does? Where does it stop? You should be ashamed of yourself.
yay there are laws that protect my speech so I will continue to lie and say whatever I am told. Never batting an eye.
@SenatorHassan Fake news is wrong and it's slander.
Think U or any of the other morons that follow U have any clue what you’re talking about? Love 2 debate any on1 topic you’re triggered about
A licence can be revoked if the station violates the law. Also see the report in your link...
All well and good ... EXCEPT that Trump is calling factual news coverage "fake" and that is the basis for his wanting FCC to take action.
I was not referring to any specific case. The #MSM violates the law on a daily basis and gets away with it. #NoSecretsThere and #JustSaying.
I was referring to the RKO revocation, which may have come from the tweet you had replied to, or vice versa.  Still not gonna happen to NBC.
btw...I'm not sure he's capable of reading this. certainly doubt he wants to learn how things really work.
thank you for being the voice of reason. don't envy your job, right about now.
Let's be very clear. With the NFL he's testing taking away the freedom of speech by using black men and because white America thinks we don't matter no one is blinking. So when he takes it from networks and journalists who oppose him...just remember how silent you were.

Can he fire you?
isn't this the broad that hid the obamaphone fraud? She should see how the justice system works
Break it down Sis, the chump is as crazy as a Betsy bug with mommie issues, a DAM Madman!
Thank you, I will be going for copies of public files for deplorable reading, there might just be something helpful there.
"inconsistent with a station's obligation to serve
the public interest because it is designed to be deceptive." HMM?@realDonaldTrump
Any citizen can challenge their license. Are you saying you'll refuse to do your duty if a citizen or group does so? https://www.prlog.org/12370170-fcc-concerned-about-redskins-new-west-coast-broadcast-license-challenge-coming.html …
Page 13? #NewsDistortion Do you people just wait 4 smoking guns 2 fall in your laps be4 public interest is actually a concern?! @AjitPaiFCC
Commissioner Rosenworcel, you don't honestly think he cares about the legality of his demands, do you?  (And we know he knows nothing.)
of course it's not. Like Rex said, the President is a fucking moron.
Make a copy of those web pages before he has them taken down...

You can quote anythimg you want..the seeds are sown...start reporting facts not fiction...how difficult is that...
Thanks for that post ! Obtw you look like Hallie Jackson MSNBC news lady
Hey Jessica!  It's time the FCC get ahold of the MSM 24/7 propaganda spewing liars.  Change the laws & take FAKE news out.
Start with Trump
@realDonaldTrump Much like the Constitution, His Oath, and his Marriage Vows; he will not understand it.
It's more like he doesn't care. The oaths he's taken is just like his word it means nothing to him.
Sadly would require him being able to, and willing to read
Clearly a liberal, not looking for truth in the media. Lol. #biasedtothehilt
The first one to go is Fox News!! What a piece of crap!!!!
He’s not going to read that
Very cool. Very, very cool.
I can't believe we have to explain how freedom of press works to an American president
The mildest possible reaction to a president's threat to violate the constitution.
Interesting because everything that comes out of Trump's mouth is fake news!  May we take away the license away from his mouth!
I guess @realDonaldTrump takes "support and defend the Constitution" as seriously as "til death do us part"
You would not happen to have a version with mostly pictures? Also under a page? And has the POTUS' name in it? Or a Fox & Friends segment?
Thank you for stating what should have been the obvious. Sadly I think that you’ve activated your termination by @POTUS clock
33 pages!!! Too long to read for 45!
Jessica, he was messing with you people. Y'all need to sharpen up.
Here, @realDonaldTrump. If you don't want to read the full doc, just read the tweet. It's less than 140 characters so you should be fine.
Thank you, @FCC Commissioner Rosenworcel! Many are concerned about this—among other challenges. cc @chief_ventures @NBCNews @brianstelter

Instead of throwing out a stupid 4 word comment, why don't you go after Spectrum for monopolizing the cable industry with their outrageous rates. You should be fired!
We know that! But this BULLY believes as POTUS he "owns" everything and everyone!
Please remember this when the Sinclair purchase comes before you.
Thank you!!
I admire your restraint...I’m certain I would have used the word “shitgibbon” or something like it in my response to him.
Don't give him the link ... the page will be deleted by noon tomorrow!
He won't (can't?) read that. Needs to be 3 bullet points and a picture.
Ha! The jokes on @realDonaldTrump. There is no way he can read all 33 pages of that. He has a better chance coaching #usmnt to a World Cup!
Thank you, Commissioner!
Except he doesn’t read anything if his name isn’t in every other sentence.
page 14 
https://www.fcc.gov/sites/default/files/public-and-broadcasting.pdf …
That's 33 pages. Can you draw him a picture?
Trump will be impeached/25 before could even finish that. Since he can’t read, he’ll have to have someone translate and he won’t comprehend
He doesn’t know how anything works. And when did reality count anyway?
Do we get to go after Trump for all his lies ?
#StopTrump #InvalidateTheElection #RemoveTheEntireTrumpPenceAdministration #25thAmendmentNow
You obviously did not read this:  FCC has stated that “rigging or slanting the news is a most heinous act against the public
interest.”
take this dictator want be to court, he is breaking is oath of office. To protect and follow the constitution.
upIR GETTING so TAOSTED SNOWFLAKE
https://youtu.be/0qp-d92Oi-8 
That's great and all, but I think @POTUS needs it a little less wordy. Can you break it down into pictures, maybe with stick figures?
*still a gov employee who can be fired*
Thank you!
He is out of his fucking mind, actually suggesting censoring major networks that don't show him in a favorable light?? God help us.
Best. Burn. Ever.
The orange chimp running your country can't read but thanks for trying.
Smart lady!  Too bad @realDonaldTrump doesn't know the reality.  Unfit to serve
So much comes out of those little lips that means nothing
If he hires Lois Lerner he probably could pull it off.
Never , I watch a lot of news and it's not hard to pick out opinions and bullshit. Freedom of the press is very important
Boundless buffoonery. Please, someone among the GOP #PrimaryTrump
You may want to read page 14: News Distortion. "Slanting the news is a most heinous act against the public interest."

Correct selection of "their" is surprising, tbh
he wont read this. too many words; no pictures.
#tRump is **jealous** of #KimJongUn and how citizens of #NorthKorea are compelled to worship him whether or not they want to. #tRumpsAmerica
Who is going to break it to him that he isn’t a dictator?
@realDonaldTrump  #burn
Oh, but Donny is special. He'll play by his own rules.
Wondering if @FCC can issue an #IQTest for our misinformed #POTUS perhaps include a short Civics & U.S. History quiz just to be sure. 
So, you're saying, the President of the United States has no clue about politics, checks and balances, and the media? 
How got he elected?!
Won't make his friends at #SinclairBroadcasting happy!
In his defense, its not the first time something works differently than he assumed.
Thank you! @JRosenworcel
Does he know how -anything- works?
I wish we would stop expecting @realDonaldTrump to actually understand how governance works.  He's only the President for cryin' out loud.
There are far to many words in that link. He won't be able to read it all
@nxthompson @abfrancois bookmarked it, won't ask again.
thank you!
He’s a moron so ...
Thank you. That you have to explain this to the president of the United States is theatre of the absurd. 
#FCC #RealNews
I'm here to "second" what Judy said!
Third! 
thank you for standing up for this. You are a remarkable person
@brianstelter Not how it works so far. Diligence and resistance may be required.
He's not going to read this
Thank you for speaking up. Not many in this admin have. Have you considered running for President?
Why do all continue to play his game?
Hmmm which network canned him from his show?  Could it be NBC?  Which sport league shunned him? Could it be NFL? Wake up, its all vendettas!

seems to me it is how it works..did u even read this? NEWS DISTORTION, media is a public trustee
slander is not protected free speech period!
No pictures.
Big paragraphs.
Ocean paragraphs.
Where are all the "patriots" now...??? This guy is challenging the very first amendment of the constitution...!!! Anyone...???
No, not how it works, unless you can effect change in the laws!!!
#MORON45 has very little idea of how much of anything works.  He just wings it.
Another message for @POTUS 

@maddow @amjoyshow @hardball @JoeNBC
I think I’ll watch All The Presidents Men for the 45th time. (See what I did there)
Lord Dampnut has no clue on how anything works except his overblown ego.   This is not Nazi Germany.

