When will GOP realize every gun victim has family and friends pulling for them as much!?
I dont believe u
Didn't he lobby for more guns, I told you guys be careful dialing up death. It calls back this is the proof that you guys keep asking 4.
Yale study shows the more legal gun ownership grows the more crime decreases
What about the deaths
look up the study increases r negligible.
While you hid in a dug out? Tell us about health care and quit hiding

you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost

Mr. Flake  (perfect last Name BTW) U had better figure out who ur voters r & start backing our President! Or can u say primaried


Bernie Domestic Terrorist: Thomas Dimassimo, Reality Winner, Jeremy Joseph Christian, James T. Hodgkinson, & Eric Clanton
There was no meaningful change after Gabby Gifford's shooting, maybe now?
Yeah! Add question to the ATF Form:
Are you a part of or affiliated with any liberoterrorist organization?
Or right wing neonazi organization.
Sooo? You don't deny?? Have not seen any "Right wing NeoNazis "lately? Matter of fact I can't remember ever seeing any? They must be elusive
Have you seen a trump rally?
And lord knows you can not trust the liberoterrorists with a gun. That's for sure!!
That may be true; people with highest level of education own smallest % of guns - they're too busy learning to get good at shooting tin cans
I prefer 6'X6' steel plates at 1,000yards. And prefer to custom load my own ammo for consistency and terminal performance.
Democrats? They are already saying he deserved it and you are using it to serve yourself. Shame on you.
We are all pulling for @SteveScalise and we are praying for a healthcare bill that doesn't forget about the least of our brothers
are you? Even though Steve is a loyal Trump supporter ? Are you the Rino Nancy Pelosi?
Chuck Schumer Mocks Trump After Cabinet Meeting
Cuck Chuck jealous he was not in there. He is just like a little boy
Please vote no on Trumpcare - it is unbelievable that it is secret and details that leak show 26 mill will lose coverage? Please vote NO!
Complicit.
Finally something we agree on, Senator. Well said.
Yes, Scalise, were pulling for you to drop your support for the NRA!
NRA didn't do it crazy dem fueled by democrats and lib media did it
Agreed, but where was #GOP for #TeamSandyHook ?

Chuck Schumer Calls President Trump a '98-Pound Weakling' on China
That coming from a vampire
Have you heard the names that your fellow Dem lawmakers call President Trump, did you tell them to stop it as you did Trump?
boo-hoo! There, i think i am the first one to react to u after all those tweets u painstakingly put together 6 hrs ago. you're welcome

Get some balls and stop blaming Trump for what the Dem lawmakers and media created!
2/  president-elect. When he answered yes, the men reportedly attacked and choked him. He ultimately was able to escape
1/ Trump supporter wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat was approached by two men on a New York subway who asked if he supported the...
2/ she was protesting outside Trump Tower in New York in Nov of 2016.
1/ A female, an anti-bullying ambassador, tied to Black Lives Matter was arrested after shoving a 65-year-old man to the ground while ...
2/ during a “walkout” protest of Trump’s presidency, was punched in the face and kicked while lying on the ground
1/ high school students in Rockville, Maryland physically assaulted a fellow student for supporting Trump. The victim, who was attacked...
2/  “You voted Trump?! Damn, he voted Trump!” The beating reportedly started as a traffic incident before escalating into violence
1/ black men in Chicago violently attacked a white man while spewing anti-Trump rage, saying “Why would you vote Trump, damn it?” and...
1/ It wasn't right-wingers who kidnapped and tortured a white, mentally challenged teen. No that was done by four African-Americans in...
Protester attack Trump supporters inside Trump Chicago rally.
Protesters attack Trump supporters outside Trump San Jose rally in June of 2016.
2/  called Californians who voted for President-elect Donald Trump as being supportive of “resentment, bigotry, and misogyny.”
1/ It wasn't Republican lawmakers calling their constituents hateful names after losing as the California lawmakers did when they...
University of California-Berkeley a “beautiful sight" that was Rep. Val Demings (D-Fla.) Feb of 2017 during a congressional hearing
It wasn't a right-winger who tried to assassinate candidate Trump in March of 2016 that was domestic terrorist Thomas Di Massimo.
Dem TX Rep Sheila Jackson Lee took to House floor on Monday,to blame all racial hate crimes in 2017 on one person: President Donald Trump.
2/  the streets, fight online, fight at the ballot box,” against the administration of President Donald Trump.
1/ It wasn't Trump's VP candidate who after losing went out on TV and told his base to “fight in Congress, fight in the courts, fight in...
Vox, Daily Kos Co-Founder blaming the GOP shooting on Republicans and not the left-wing shooter
Huff Post writer writing after the radical leftist attack: “For violent resistance to work it’d need to be organized,” writer Jesse Benn
WaPo writer Malcolm Harris, attempting to justify mass-shootings targeting elected representatives
It's not the Conservative media egging on hate for two years now. As the day of the attack New York Times blaming the GOP victims
NY Dem Rep. Hakeem Jeffries declared Mon, that "every racist in America voted for Donald Trump" because they believe in the rule of law.
It wasn't the GOP AG who made a video calling out their base for ‘Blood and Death’ in the Streets; that was Loretta Lynch.
It's not the right putting on Trump assassination plays in the middle of liberal town New York City.
It wasn't 70 Conservative lawmakers who refused to go to a Presidential inauguration.
The DNC started and supported the 'Resist' movement also going on in America by the left. And all funded by Democratic donor George Soros.
March of this year, Bernie called Trump a ‘fraud,’
2/  his supporters should not back Trump.
1/ July 2016. And it was Bernie who on July 21, 2017, rejected Donald Trump call for support when Sanders took to Twitter to explain why...
Sanders told his supporters to  “Organize and Mobilize” Against Trump Regime.
It was Bernie who called Trump tweets 'delusional,' and called Trump a 'pathological liar.'
2/  most dangerous and worst president in our history" at a conference full of Bernie supporters in Chicago.
1/ Monday, June 12, 2017, Bernie condemned the "extreme right wing" Republicans in control of Congress and called President Trump "the...
It's Bernie Sanders who founded the 'Political Revolution' movement and has told his base (the shooter) that President Trump, a "demagogue."
Sen. Chuck Schumer on The View: Calls Pres. Trump's Cabinet 'Worst Cabinet'
Schumer calls Trump admin 'incompetent' after healthcare bill
Pelosi Says She Struggles Calling Trump 'President'
You have no idea how much I would like to believe that.
Pelosi Calls Intel Chairman A 'Stooge' For Trump
Pelosi Calls Trump... a Vampire?
Pelosi questions Trump's mental health, then calls him 'President Bush'
Nancy Pelosi calls Trump 'deflector-in-chief,'
Pelosi calls Trump a 'jobs loser'
This is what she calls unity?! Pelosi: Trump's Rhetoric Responsible For Shooting
#Get well @Steve Scalise.
@SenKamalaHarris @SteveScalise Ha. No.
Stop destroying America. You all need to support our POTUS. Look what your lack of support has done
Great game! Wonderful seeing both sides coming together in love and sportsmanship.
Democrat here...
That's what I like to see everyone playing together so now we can all work together.  Yea Dens! Yeah Reps!  Play ball!!
Jeff, 
You look like you could pitch & they should've put you in 2 innings ago, lol.
No on wealthcare.
Why are you blaming POTUS for this violence.  You should be ashamed of yourself.  #RecallJeffFlake
We the ppl too God speed
@SpeakerRyan #ScaliseStrong
Now that you have experienced a mass shooting, please support legislation requirg gun background cks to keep guns from unstable users. Plz!
Stay strong Steve , we are all pulling for you .
Praying for a full recovery for Rep Scalise.
Sorry but I'm neutral because something fishy going on
How many more of your friends will be victims of gun violence before you understand how wrong you've been on gun control?
The DemocRAT party is a terrorist organization
Quit basking in the media limelight. It is shameless.
Glad you are ok Jeff. We need security around you guys, too exposed.
And thank you for your comments today on Meet the Press! Wise words. We are all concerned for @SteveScalise .
Thank you for speaking on MTP about the curbing the political tone.  we are all fellow Americans, and need to respect different views
Loved your THOUGHTFUL interview on MSNBC! A true LEADER
Kudos @JeffFlake for your brave and selfless actions yesterday.  Makin AZ proud
It's a good thing he has good insurance otherwise he might have to mortgage his house to pay for surgery
#TAXCUT,  not #AHCA .  Yesterday's gunshot victims now have a pre-existing condition.  Would you do that to your colleagues?
The man fought gun control and has taken millions in bribes/donations to not do what's in the best interest of Americans. #ScaliseIsNotAHero
Karma.
Uflaked out onPelosi change of heart comment after 1dayPathetic!LEFT hatred mantra nearly caused Repubs massacre-Scalis didn't deserve this!
Praying for you 
Praying for recovery! And his family, the other victims. And praying for all who were shot at that day. All should seek counselling, or help
I'm glad your ok. Now get to work and do what you know is right for the American people. No arms for Saudi , No AHCA. No assault weapons
Thank God Scalise doesn't have GOPcare/Trumpcare.
Maybe it is about time you support our president and stop the shenanigans
Nah.
I had to look twice, I swore I read his shirt as D-BAGS
Today we need to all be rooting and praying for #TeamSalice.  An attack on one of us, is an attack on all! 
#Orlando
#Newtown
Amen!

Yes! UR RED STATE needs you all STRONG 4 what's to come. Just know there's MANY REPUBLICANS that R praying 4 strength & courage 4 r leaders!
That's nice, @JeffFlake . Hey, while I have your attention, please vote NO on the #AHCA . Thank you.
We don't want socialized medicine n the USA!!!
And praying!
Maybe if the US PARK POLICE weren't playing MediVac Operators Everyone could be saved in this FAKE event! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwM7PYCsd4E …
Perspective! There's 1 mass shooting a day in America. Why does this one get extra attn?Do something abt those guns!
Stupid! Guns r objects left hatred kills! Stop the sham investigation, bizarre
Thank you for your quick response. You put yourself in harms way to help a friend.
and they keep pulling fake events like this so their gun sales go up and they can sell anti-free speech regs! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwM7PYCsd4E …
I hope he recovers fully. I also hope people realize he's an avowed white supremacist & that must be rejected in our society & leadership.
I'm scared for him where injuries are- I hope he will be able to walk. Internal organs hit - praying for full recovery.
Don't address gun laws but further isolate yourselves from the society you create. Its pathetic.
Look at the drama scene around you. Did you read the report this morning on where we rank in the world with how well we treat our children?
Thanks Obama for increasing our poverty rolls
Should have pulled for them.
That event was fake just like this one! US Park POLICE pretending to be medivac operators kinda gave it away! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwM7PYCsd4E …
How about you #ShowUsTheBill  on AhCA
Glad your ok... praying for all involved.
Don't forget your gun this time.
They had guns at the field..how do you think the shooter got all those bullets in him
The blithering stupidity knows no end
@mikejopek @SteveScalise Now if the GOP would just pull for the rest of the country!
You should be working, nothing is fun or funny while the #AHCA guillotine is hanging above our heads
Yeah that's the American way. Humanity, Moral compassion. Thank you Senator. 
We have over 30,000 deaths per year from gun violence in the US.  We must work to solve this.
@MarkWarner @SteveScalise 
Take me out
To the ball game
Take me out
To the crowd
Buy me some peanuts
 Get well soon Rep Scalise! 
you are a true hero risking your life  4 others,  Thank u 4 being a voice of moderation.  Keep doing what is right rather than what is easy
Thanks for bipartisanship. Man in the Mirror says: "If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself" #BridgesNotWalls
How about not accepting more money from #NRA? Prayers for the victims of a horrible shooting because you think assault rifles are ok to sell
you are entitled to see what you see, how you wish to see it,  but your perception is highly exaggerated Glen.
Sending prayers
