It's not relevant to the conversation.  That's not healthcare, it's religion.
It's religion interfering with health care. And there is no place for that.
Everyone has the choice to work at companies with values or not.  Freedom of religion is a right.
Indeed on the last. No employer has the right to dictate any sort of health care to anyone.
Except our government, you mean?
Sincerely,I want you to have good, affordable healthcare and freedom to decide re: your health.
I used to have that.  Now I can't afford insurance because the govt is forcing me to buy more
I sympathize, Nancy. You have a right to affordable care. ACA needs more funding. Will mean higher taxes--for the rich, I say.
He doesn't even know what he voted for?!
He does. He just doesn't want to admit that he opposes a woman's right to reproductive choice. He is heinous.
Way to demonstrate your complete lack of understanding of this complex issue & the English language
Why are Trump supporters so angry and bitter? They won the election.
I worship nothing. Makes being a good human easier 
#MAGA #GOP #TomPrice #tcot He answered. You twisted the answer & he disagreed. Not agreeing doesn't = No answer.
"I don't believe so" is not an acceptable answer to a "yes" or "no" question. It's not an answer at all.
So, which one is “I don’t believe so” - “yes” or “no”? That was the question; a second grader can grasp the difference.
Wow. “I’ll just give whatever answer I want” is not how you answer a question. “Is this an apple or an orange?” “Green!”
@sox_morgan are you surprised?  None of his nominees answer any question. They just know how to give lots of words so less???
They are the most uneducated cabinet in years.
those two has a brain. The rest-nope.
@eddyrogerparker This guy is DANGEROUS to women.
give 'em hell, Maggie! Fight for us! #fucktrump
"Reproductive health decisions." Translation: Ripping babies out of the womb by the millions. @POTUS @FoxNews
@SarahKSilverman Bank regulations were to protect people from Bank scams now  Trump wants them removed golden Sach party time
Not even a alternative fact as answer??
@SenateDems wow, New Hampshire really shot themself in the foot. Way to go Maggie, really focused on the right things.
he has no answer other than his mommy issues and vajay-jay-jealousy
Congratulations Maggie! So happy to see an informed fearless woman replace ayotte.
@SenateDems so u support water boarding and domestic spying?  #turncoat! #DINO
@fear_liz
@SarahKSilverman Trump  will remove all laws that protect the middle class from fraud to allow the billionaires party time
@SarahKSilverman it's now all about the money for the rich to get richer and cancel any protection for the average American
@dremmelqueen Thought it said picks face, which the picture shows him doing.
please vote no! @ViewFromWise
you and the others should say no to this dude and the other picks. They're idiots. No wonder only 2 were approved.
so much for the GOP "draining the swamp" what a disgrace
who is the disgrace? I think question has no relation to the bill in question from response
if u think that question isnt pertinent to Dir health & human services then you may want to do some reading on tht position
I just don't think employers fire women over their choices plus already protected labor laws
@ElizabethElliot
Dem. Georgia Governor Lester Maddox  “brandished an ax hammer to prevent blacks from patronizing his restaurant
you go Senator! Love how you fight for everyone's equal rights and benefits!
A lady gets sick so a company should pay ? This is a health care issue. Isn't it ?
Did you turn your clocks back 300 years last night?  That is whrre we're going.  Backwards.  Faaaast.
@cherokeesher2 he is such a crook
@StayHopeful16 THEY ARE FOR ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE  DICTATORSHIP FUNDLE MONEY ROB USA OF BILLIONS ENRICH HIM MAKE DEALS FOR HIM
does he know what th bill was that he voted for?
Tired of these elitist doctors who are borderline sociopaths.
@GCobbHunter "This girl ROCK!" #SenatorHassan
The govt needs to subsidize more dr.'s ed. 2 many are primadonnas.  We need 2 make them less rare.
Why are all the Rep. men in Congress afraid or intimidated by women that they want to control our uterus?
Proof that you can have a medical degree and still be a neanderthal.  I'd call him a pig but that wd degrade
Good job, Senator, in confirmation hearings !
How do YOU like it when we don't get answers?  ask Hillary Clinton who said Benghazi was about the video
Stupid, he knows exactly what he voted for. That's why he's having a hard time answering the question. Reject move on!
@SenateDems true
Your question was straight forward...I for one do not trust him! Very worried!!
These assholes seem bent on setting back women's issues by decades. If they had their way the right to vote would be gone.
Good job
 Price should not be approved. He isn't qualified based on his inability to deal with very clear questions.
I am SO SICK and TIRED of men regulating my body. How about we take their Viagra away &force them to have vasectomies?
@lkjtexas thank you for standing up. Vote no on Price.
@ladiesgun just leisurely signing bills now! Wonderfuckingful!

omg! That's hilarious! But do sad that we aren't worth healthcare
@kates_ramblings  cause you're a lying witch. Please don't reproduce. I'll pay for your birth control!
thanks bob! Please send a check. 
HE IS PLAYING DUMB ...and we will prob just let him get away with it. #brokengovernment
@SenSchumer ***You poor baby. Get a grip. Your inconsequential and obstructionist questions are ridiculous. Get over it!
You're spinning the message and you know it. I've never asked anyone to pay for my condoms. Pay for your own damn birth control!
@SarahKSilverman We're talking about America, right? Just making sure. I'd vote  "no" on this guy.
Typical RW elitist ploy. You were great, Sen. He's so arrogant.
@ptothed1
Doesn't know what the bill does, doesn't know what stocks he buys are. Hmmm, should he even HAVE a job in gvmt??
Thank you, for standing up for all of us!
Thank you for your questions and for standing for our values.
Yes, keep him squirming on the hook...he only cares about the health of his wallet, not about the American populace
Thank you, he is anti-women reproductive rights, anti LBGT
Thank you for doing your job and taking these clowns on.
He's a male sexist jerk. I could use harsher words, but I'll leave it at jerk for now.
Will see a LOT of stonewalling from Repubs & Trump. Hold them accountable.
unbelievable!
democrats for the people republicans for them selves...sad
Price is a coward, he's a pile of 
Mr. Price seems confused maybe he should resign and let another w/capabilities take over.
Rep price seems only interested in the price. He has no clue at all what the questions are about and he is very obstinate.
So proud of my new Senator! Thank you @SenatorHassan
VOTE NO Sen Hassan...TU
could Trump pick the worst of the worst in u.s. history for cabinet? U, Senator r unfit to serve!
mind blown. These goons don't even know what they're voting for, or what their beliefs are??
My new favorite quote: "What have you got to lose?"
~ D.J.Trump
Because it is the freedom of all people to associate with others. A woman does not have a right to enslave her employer.
Stand your ground. Refuse his nomination..not for people, for insurance and big pharmacy companies.
I crawled out from under a rock.  I never knew this existed! 
he is not strong person. he couldn't do anything madam. he couldn't give to reply your question how can he solve all cases ?
@ljholmes59 Republicans have traded qualified, ethical nominees for power.
@ljholmes59 Dems have got to fight, keep voters informed of lack of qualifications, ethical bx in nominees
You have him nicely there, follow it up.
vote that bastard down!!
.@SenatorHassan Thank you for fighting so hard for the #citizens of the U.S. <3 You are a true hero.
There is no need to confirm the parade of hypocrite.  We are behind you! From CA
deception was so apparent big luv to those Senators who called him out! He was made a fool of by lying repeatedly. Not fooling anyone
You gave it to him! A good grilling!
That's OK, you never answer any of my questions.
We are so screwed Senator.
@trekkerteach12. I KNOW!  Talk about beating around the bush
A master at dodgeball; a healthcare policy "regressionist". Here's more: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/tom-price-women-fired-reproductive-rights_us_587fca54e4b00d44838ca8a5 …
Amazing how pretty much all of tRUMP's nominees seem like idiocy personified when questioned. Scary.
@KoriWasinger refuse to let him have the job then! Thank you.
@SarahKSilverman corrupt and has his own evil agenda
this guy is a mess
ugh - Birth control is really hormone therapy!  I know women post-menopausal on it.  #SMH #facepalm
@SarahKSilverman I find totally deplorable the not one Republican does not see the hypocrisy in their silence on this issue!
your question was vague. He clearly stated he doesn't think employers should pay for it. A lifestyle choice, not entitlement
Go get 'em Senator Hassan. The Price Is WRONG.
thank you for standing up for all women, Senator.
Thank you for standing up for us. Price is dangerous.
@zoeyaliasgari my brain hurts
This man has a chip on his shoulder. Like my hubby says, "he must've gotten beat up alot as a kid". LOL
Maggie-you are KICKING ASS. You've done more in a week than Ayotte EVER did.So glad NH made the smart choice!
The American ppl can't trust #TomPrice to have their best interests at heart- doubtful he even has one. Keep the pressure on!
so in other words he voted against just because
I agree with your views
@SarahKSilverman I'm a whisper of a voice in this world. Feel like we are moving bkwards in time. Help us Roar. #Bourvoice
@oufenix If he had stock in a Pharma Co that made birth control he would know & Please don't tell me it's against his ethics
@MAHAMOSA He's not good for us.
republicans have a sick obsession with female genitalia...
@SenSchumer I watched your questioning. He "didn't answer" because you cut him off in every response.  You were a joke.
With grest respect, it sounds to me like he answered question, but doesn't agree that his vote could be used as described.
he does not need to answer the question.none of trumps cronies do in fact.been avoiding questions forever.is now the norm.sad
The government and employers has no right or dictate with women issues and rights.
heaven help us.
@peoplerawful that not only makes him unsuitable for this position but to be in office at all! #trumpet
unless he can buy stock & make $ he is clueless on what a law is! Keep up the questions that don't seem hard. But he is dense
@tomsurance Good work Maggie
His balls should be removed.
@SenatorHassan @Patrickesque
Your questions were dishonest.
Why would anyone answer?
@LiberalCartoons #MAGA
That was absolutely staggering to watch live. What absolute BS. Impossible to comprehend how justified that thinking
Thanks for making NH proud.
You're surprised by obfuscation from wing nuts? We need leaders and truth tellers. Leather up. #resist
@SenateDems the shady stock deal if true he should not be confirmed! crooked!
Just look it up.
@safcmiguel @carlwilson6
sounds like he refused to agree with your version of the bill
please vote NO
@OJulius1227 Won't make a bit of difference they got us in a bad spot
@SenSchumer It's not that he refused to answer It's that your question was about something that doesn't exist! smh
@SenSchumer Why are you lying?! You are in high position & when you lie it makes ALL women look bad!
this looks like a man who voted against a bill not knowing what was in the bill.
It certainly IS healthcare; pregnancy takes a toll on a body. Consider it religion? You've NO right to force upon others.
He's an idiot. Apologies from GA.
@WomanVote I'm pretty sure he just mansplained to a female senator that a bill didn't mean what she thought it meant. 
@kjoerwin How lucky are the women in his life .  Geez what a dinosaur.
Listen to the video clip.  He said that isn't what the bill did. We'll have to hear the follow up from you.
@Journey_America hopefully both of you fools will be dealt with by #termlimits ...soon
Turbo, are you ignorant, racist, or both?
OK...I'll take either ...This is Twitter 
@deejay90192 
How can these men try n tell us women what we can do with our bodies n then his women followers agree with this
@RepTomPrice he is a shithead
Religion interfering with a women's choice in her healthcare options
it's like watching a rerun of the time tunnel all these dinosaurs given power. It's depressing
Prce wont answr cuz hes adherg 2 his religus beliefs whch 1 knows has no bearg on womns rites but tht doesnt seem 2 bothr him
what's up with republicans and their fear/hate of birth control? This people...smfh
Price unqualified & plans to destroy Medicare & social security. He will raid these funds w GOP stealing from citizens NO
amazing 
that was a dispicable moment.
Go get'm, girl!
He has a cabinet of deplorables so lower your expectations
Keep asking him about his sweetheart Private Stock deals. 
#draintheswamp ????
All he needed to do was give a yes or no answer!! #TheResistance
@marcimichelle scary stuff! Love Sen. Hassan though. Even happier now watching this we got rid of Ayotte.
Oh wow. The more I hear that guy, the more I want to jackslap him! Ugh...Some men. I swear! 
Great job w/questions. Wish GOP had some morality. Guess they are bought n paid for.
Hes gotta go buy stock in IUDs first...
Price is a typical wealthy Republican doctor dictating outside his area of expertise about women's personal rights!
Vote no, Senator
NO ONE cares!Confirm #PresidentTrump 's Cabinet members so HE has advisors! DEMS are obstructionists! Shameful!
Senator, don't be surprised.  He speaks "trump"!
His Broca Center has been selectively aphasic by his master...
Maggie, thank you for speaking up.
I appreciated your questioning today! Direct and effective.
It's a BIG NO on #Price .. his records awful & if cnt answer your question, whts he gonna do w really difficult ones? 
You are just a month in office and so very effective. New Hampshire voters did the right thing! I'm glad you're there.
Yet another old white guy trying to hobble women so they can feel manly.
@TheBaxterBean Please say "NO" to Price!
@colbert_ed It's a solid & rightful question that should be asked. So, did he answer it? Was answer satisfactory? Who is he?
@Jess__Catherine
So what else was in the Bill, You know like ACA's 20,000 pages of BS Regulations. Just Maybe a just cause!
@SarahKSilverman Thank you Senator Hassan. Vote "no" on this stooge.
@tkdmike Here is a perfect example of Sen Hassan misstating what was proposed in a bill. Stop twisting the facts senator.
Thx for all your efforts today!
