If certain citizens use drugs before buying food and taking care of their kids. Then government would know best. For the vulnerable citizen
No they wouldn't. They only know how to suck money from the working people and give to the RICH.
You may temporarily change some laws but WE WILL always respect and HONOR @BarackObama what will you have when u r gone! Most embarrassing!
You don't really care what is best for the country as long as you can screw Obama #shame
#voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout2018 #voteGOPout
You are saying that YOUR side of government knows best and that the last crew to govern didn't. How can you not see the irony here?
giant tax cuts for wealthy, raising 24 mil off insurance, permitting companies to sell junk plans
The 24 million includes those that were forced to take insurance, beside insurance is a benefit and not a right.
My son is one of 24 million.
U forgot to mention how Congress gave AWAY our right to privacy & allows Biz ppl to SELL our info!
Don't you want Russian probe to go awwy? Afraid of results? Then "do your job" and get it done soon.
They have nothing
We can find out everything about a terrorist in a matter of days, it's been almost a year and nothing on Trump and Russia. They have nothing
Says the government...
ruining this country is what you and Trump are doing.
What do you call yours; Billionaires know best?
You lie and are jealous of the Obama legacy. A bunch of white bigots. How sad to be cliche
Then stop trying to regulate women's bodies! I don't need the gov't making decisions about my health.
If you follow Trump's plan to take funds from  our insurance plans for his wall  (Mexico to pay later), I will sell you the Missouri River.
@SENWARREN @SenateDems Don't believe Donald Trump, Mexico will never pay for that wall and he will never tell the truth anyway.
Senate Republicans you don't have the knowledge, background or competence to come up with an insurance plan for the American people.
Trying to scapegoat Obama?Thanks for admitting the current government doesn't know best. Clearly no idea how anything works, oh and #russia
Citizens want heathcare & tax reform! Also  Border Wall, Soros banned & Clinton  prosecuted. Let's get going or are you still vacationing
And leading us into the era of "The government knows shit"
Undoing the Obama Legacy with the trump travesty. You are a part of the greediest, most corrupt admin in history.
And we will the "DO NOTHING CONGRESS FAILURE" legacy that the @GOP has been known for when we vote in 2018 & 2020!
After 71 years have never seen such incompetent crooks running our Government. Republicans have turned into Russians
BS!!! & THAT'S THE REAL PROBLEM RIGHT NOW!! - YOU!!GOP!! GREEDY BASTARDS!!
You're joking right? Obama was the epitome of a President working for the people/environment. GOP is the epitome of working for Big Business
GOP Creating the legacy of King 45 and his band of merry corporate billionaires #resist #impeach45 #TaxMarch
What a mess y'all are making of it too.
"Undoing @BarackObama  legacy of government knows best bec reality show host & his family knows better than our experts in the Fed agencies.
All talk, no show!!
Nobody is impressed. Trump&Co are causing domestic and global anxiety. "Destruction of the administrative state" is a tad over the top. no?
Major understatement: Perjuring AG/Ignorant, offensive Press Sec/Ironic Cabinet appts/Immature, nat'l disgrace & security threat of a"POTUS"
When it comes to the GOP Congress and our current WH, I'd have to agree. They clearly don't have a clue how to govern.
Replacing it with an admin that literally knows nothing, lead by a lying conniving, crass, childish anti-statesman. Good job, thanks a lot!
Build the wall
Keep trying dummies.
You grumpy old perverts have Russian puppet strings
And replacing it with what? The 1% knows best?
Y'all are anarchists now?
Do you even know what racism is or are you just following the crowd is spewing nonsen?
and replacing it with our corporate donors know best?
THE STINK OF TRUMP IS ON ALL OF YOU, & YOU'LL NEVER RID YOURSELVES OF HIS STENCH #COMPLICIT
Dumbest comment of the day goes to......... mat lewis.
If there's anything GOP leadership proves, it is certainly that government knows least. 

Another #GOP fail.
"Building the Trump Legacy of 'Conglomerates Know Best'"
@realDonaldTrump proving that government is bad by being a pathological liar and general useless waste of space and oxygen
The government has been since it's inception.
while you were out @BarackObama
When does the CLEANUP begin from the results of "Undoing the Obama Legacy..."? Next president?
clearly this new government doesn't have a clue and definitely doesn't know best
I can't believe your back to work.  I know  you guys won't accomplish one thing before your next month long vacation. Totally sick of it.
Republican reps won't even hold town halls. How do they know what constituents want? Mine is party over people.
The hate still running fast through the Republican House and Senate.
Its time for ALL Republicans  to start working for the American people and POTUS agenda to secure border ,repeal ACA , lower taxes ASAP!!
And pretending that YOUR government knows best? The president is unintelligible & illegitimate. And you support him. #VoteThemOut
All you care about is your big Money!  Corrupt GOP! You have lied to voters! @MSNBC Racist! Your allegiance is to big money! Sellouts!
Oh hell, you may as well recuse yourself too!!
Keep going thru the motions before you all get exposed in #trumpRussia investigation! How many of you laundered RUS money in your campaigns?
