That's another lie. Are you trying to reach a quota or something?
He's not lying, he's just conveniently omitting the part where his party deliberately sabotaged it at the expense of its constituency
Trying to blame Trump again?
ObumNutsCare was already in a death spiral long before Trump
Someone can't read threads—was fully blaming the GOP at large. Also, trying to make a point about blame when you can't say Obama's name. Lol
I said his name perfectly well.
Though I'll admit I do have two versions ObumNuts and ObumNutsCare and they are different my bad
So GOP had 7 years to plan the bill, has the majority everywhere, still can't pass anything useful, and you still blame Obama. Well done.
Trump has not been in ofc for 7 years and GOP does not have super majority as Dems did. Be accurate. And yes we still have ObumNutsCare
Neither of which makes what I said untrue. 7 years to come up with a replacement. They failed. And your ilk are *still* hung up on Obama
So make it worse? It was more than existed. You can't figure out how to build on that. Not much of a leader are you.
Let it fail! Don't put Republican hands on it !!
Before the ACA - Healthcare Inflation at 16.5% of GDP and rising at an unsustainable rate adding billions to the deficit - They CANT
We are people who voted for President and VP, please keep Medicaid and Medicare do not cut, just take away the big mess away in Obamacare
To claim you're a Christian is pure hypocrisy.  You lie, lie, lie!
You keep talking about Obamacare - but will Trumpcare change any of this?
Sure - you can go to any doctor or buy any health plan - just like before the ACA - unless you are working poor or middle class
Get rid of self-serving, greedy insurance companies & give us UNIVERSAL health care, where a $70,000 surgery costs only Dr's salaried hours.
Yes!!!!
I heard you're gay.
#TRUTH from GOVT HEALTH & HUMAN SVC DEPT! #ObamaCare is NOT failing-on line for best year!  Resist #BCRA
Trump's promise Healthcare for everyone that was a lie amongst many others
Listen to people who voted for Republicansto get Rid,RepealNReplace Obamacare. American ask to keep MedicaidNMedicare, get rid of Obamacare
A friend,Ohio farm boy married a  Philippine lady. Gets her green card for 2 yrs, $800 for a 10 yr  GC, citizen course to become citizen.
#FullyRepeal
Lie after Lie was implemented first step to a government controlled health care system where eventually the court would decide if you live
Pence please don't talk. Your party is so crooked  that the truth is a rare commodity.

POTUS has done NOTHING to push this bill.  Too busy ogling Madame Macron. The 2 of you don't have a shred of integrity.
Please repeal Obamacare fully and then replace it!
Bull, you republicans have done everything possible to cause collapse, you should be a good Christian and tell the truth
Reduce the Deficit - Check, Insure Millions- Check , slow the unsustainable rate of Healthcare inflation - Check - too bad about your Dr
Trump and the Republicans do nothing but lie and boe down to King Donald.
Truth always rises from the dead. It will rise against you.
I saw truth rise from the dead after 34 years of lies. I saw Bishop convicted of fraud. Truth is sacred. It will burn you if mishandled
I see a VA therapist because of priest sex abuse. GOP and Catholic church never did shit for me in that regard. My God take vengeance double
I have never heard anyone speak of grace, integrity, or strength about you. Gonna go now, I don't like to dally around the brimstone.
Now talk about your man Trump on Everything he promised
All because of Illegal Trump!!!!!!
BREAKING NEWS: #MitchMcConnell  #Obama  & a #Trumpster  explain #Trumpcare.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2UkkTJ9vHA8 …
#ACHA #satire #ACA #Obamacare
Spoken like a true leftist, just like crazy Pelosi or M. Waters. Everytime they speak, GOP gains more voters that were modest Democrats.
Spoken? You referring to Mitch in the video? I think he makes a great case for Trumpcare. Why are you against Trump?
You really need to get over the Obama thing. You can destroy all of the progress and put us back decades, but his legacy and grace remain.
Pence pitches just today demonstrate Pence will pitch anything and no one will notice or attempt to correct the Pence pitch.
You sound like a used car salesman but instead of telling me something good about yours you just tell me how bad mine is.
Yes. We know. But you are CLEARLY not for the SPIRIT of the bill, and that IS worth saving.
Obama, Obama...so what have you done? Attacked the environment, targeted Muslims with a ban, tried to pass a tax cut disguised as healthcare
SO... WHAT ARE YOUR PROMISES TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE?
fix obamacare
What is not a lie about this post by the most inept VP THIS COUNTRY HAS HAD? Exactly right! 
Thou shall not lie, but u have, A LOT! I handle acute care transfers 4 hospitals. ACA drastically  morbidity n mortality in my EMS district
Coming from the guy who said he had no knowledge of anyone on the tump team talking to Russia.
Right?
I'm at the point now where whenever I hear a republican speak I'm just like." Oh please. Make it stop."
Where's the mute button! Lol, I'm with you.
I've found old socks useful. Whenever I see one of them start to move their lips. I just pop one into their mouth.
Mute
Which administration are you working for? Obama left a bit ago...
Not true
well do you want to keep YOUR promise and take away healthcare for 22 million americans?  thanks, but I will take the success of Obamacare!
You told some big lies. Especially for someone who claims to be so religious. #fakeChristian
Sorry Pence this corrupt Trump administration has told so many lies you will never get respect & support from the American people!
"Its unconscionable that millions of people in the world’s richest country r 1 dx or car accident away from financial disaster."Bernie

Wrong.
I haven't had a bad experience with the ACA and it has saved the lives of my family members. Your plan will kill people. Stop this nonsense.
#impeachmentNOW
Like increasing health insurance coverage for tens of millions ?  You have already proven yourself, repeatedly, to be a Shameless Liar.
And once again you do not speak the truth.
False, False, and blame corporate GREED (congressional buy-out) for rising rates
Every promise that DJT made have been lied about! So give me a break! MAGA using RUSSIA! TREASON VP PENCE!
Mike Pence is a bold-face liar...
More lies and obfuscation.
Get government OUT of healthcare.
What makes me angry is I think deep down we all knew we were being lied to. Obamacare never made sense from an economic standpoint.
Absurd...you did everything you could to politicize and weaken affordable health care.
You, Sir... lie.  This statement is not factual.  The American public deserves better
Quit lying! House Repubs sabotaged ObamaCare. Talk about 22 million losing coverage under your plan and your massive tax cuts for rich.
Promises (Lies) are given, taken, broken, and timed to blame others... I am grateful that President Trump leads uprightly ...
Here's a good hashtag for you Brick. #goodgodyouredumb
Hey Brick, the promises in Trumpcare are death and economic ruin for millions of Americans. Please start looking forward.
Do YOUR job.
ACA is being sabotaged by @GOP @POTUS @realDonaldTrump all so CEOs can make more money.
Never has the truth of Obamacare been spoken in so few words. Get rid of it NOW. A joke and a hoax
Republicans need to get their egos out of the way and get repeal and replace of ACA done.
Has your boss locked her up yet? Built the wall? Defeated Isis within 30 days? Repealed Obamacare on day 1? Released his taxes? Consider it.
FALSE. STOP LYING.  YOU ARE THE WORST VPOTUS EVER
You lie.
Show courage/intent to help Americans healthcare. 85+% Obamacare has provided great benefits. Tweak/Fix 15% if U care. Parrots just repeat?!
Stop lying/fooling People. Dont drop Medicaid, Essential Health Benefits, Pre Existing Conditions. Wealthy can afford. Poor & needy can't.
Killer

Yes by the sabotage efforts of the #GOP
VP Penice 
Wow.  I hope your lawyers keep you from Gitmo.  Your spin is something to see...you and Huckabee.
Obama put together a #eugenics package NOT #healthcare. Please tell Trump THANK YOU & not to forget the #CPS victims unfairly targeted 
haha. What planet are you on, Pence? President Obama promised and delivered Obamacare. Now you're trying to break things, not improve them.
Pence, You Lying Is Getting As Bad As Trump's!

And yet here I am with ACA coverage I can afford while working for a temp agency.
Give it up
The cost of health insurance has been rising since the 80's.

Liar
My insurance went down.
ACA WAS PASSED, ACA is law 
it is your job to make it work
STOP sabatoging ACA by withholding payments to providers
The only reason health insurance is rising is that you gave them the go ahead to increase their profits from $1 trillion annually to $2 tril
thank You Sir!
And the GOP has enticed the failures it has for over seven years.VERY UNAMERICAN!
Obama is a liar and a thug!
Like getting more people coverage and making insurance policies actually provide coverage for essential care?
President Obama gave us access to health care. You've given us lies, threats, and tax kickbacks for billionaires. We see right through you.
So obviously you will hold Trump to his promises, right?
...by Republican Congressional leadership. Thanks for nothing.
Actually, twat-waffle I liked my doctor and I kept my doctor under Obamacare and my care was more affordable.
Your plan sucks bigly!!!!
Are you jumping off the boat before it goes down??
DearSir Mr VP,.yourself and our great President know what need to be done , we  as republican party ,standing behind agreat leader like you
And he is still held with great honor in this country & around the world. If Republicans had worked w/him things would have been better
BullShit! Mike
Primarily because your party did its best to keep them from being kept. Try telling the whole truth, instead of just the convenient parts.
And every promise you make is a lie.
Wrong again
Where are the HSAs?
Thank you Mr. Vice President Pence for working so hard on the broken healthcare Repeal it all of it thank you MAGA 45
Really? Why dont you tell us what those lies are? This way we can judge for ourselves.
And what did you do to help improve it?  NOTHING!!!   Do you even know what is factual or do you just watch Faux News with DT?
Like every broken promise @potus has made about "beautiful healthcare for all" at lower cost. Senate bill cuts taxes AND care. #ReadTheBill
Every single promise by Trump was a lie!
You guys could not fix a bag with duct tape. Go home and let some real adults work on the problem. Which is YOU. Not the ACA.
Are you running for something, Mike?
Damn another GOP has fallen out of his tree.
#RussiaGate
That is just not true and I am disappointed to hear that you do not know better
Nobody is listening to you
Since you reds took over, yes.
@billmaher Drill for oil on us owned lands to pay for your healthcare. 
@POTUS44
So let's take it away from millions to show obama... you're the devil
Your administration is trying to out lie the last ten.Nailing it. Same day same hour even, cheaper, it will include all, not touch Medicare.
Repeal now,
Really???!!!!!??????
At heart when making choices for " we the people"?!?!
Done right by America?? Do you seriously think this admin has the best interest of "every" American, regardless of race, religion or other
What the heck are you smoking?!?!! We are in serious trouble with this admin. Are you implying that the Trump family has kept promises
remember, just because you say it over and over, it doesn't make it true; things like, 'lying Ted Cruz', 'I'll disclose my taxes' NOT 
So replace it for something worse? Because A real president joked about Chump at the correspondents dinner! Keep ACA lose Obamacare. Hahaha
Repeal. All access across state lines. Allow insured to choose to stay on for a full year.
I can't believe this party is still blind to the fact that the new plan would cut more coverage more people than the GOP plan would gain.SMH
how is it that every person in this WH is a liar?!!!
You administration is unable to tell the truth so much for your (of course not ) your values are questionable !!
Shame on you !

Every single time you denied knowing about Russian meetings was a lie. #ProsecuteandImprison
#fakeTrumpnews!
Pretty sure the GOP block most
But what about Trumpcare/Wealthcare/#RelieffortheRich?
We, the majority of the "American People", wish that you would pay more attention to what WE want, than the minority you represent.
We think you protestith too much about Ocare. It really does look like you hate the program because you hate Obama. Plenty of evidence!
Every single promise you guys have made to make it better has been full of lies.
You say that the Medicaid program has too much fraud and abuse. Well, so did the Welfare program, before Bill Clinton took it on. Now look!
I get that your buddies, Trump's buddies, the Koch Bros. don't like the taxes, but someone's got to pay for health care!
@realDonaldTrump and everyone in this administration are traitors.
Ocare has flaws, that's apparent now. But why scrap the whole thing? Why not fix it, and take the credit for doing so?
Ocare was a monumental effort, to fix a REALLY BIG problem. In many ways it was a 1st draft. Stop criticizing it, and give it it's due.
More #GOP B.S. and propaganda. #ACA has delivered. Now America is telling you to #fixACA.  Do it. Now!
And another lie from the fake christian
You are a liar!
Russiapublican SABOTAGE!!
Yep. Trump stopped paying on Medicaid as soon as he took office, breaking all Obamacare promises.  It's on you folks.
BY YOU!! STOP TRYING TO LIE TO PEOPLE!! THE JIG IS UP! WE ARE SO WISE TO U!! UGLY AMERICAN!!
instead of helping the ACA and those Americans that depend on it, ur on a vendetta against Obama w/o concern for the citizens u work for
@VP @POTUS coming from an administration that doesn't know what the truth is is ironic!
If current Health Care were repealed today; Then tomorrow the Democrats would line up to replace their fallen golden goose with a new one.
How much stock have you and mother recently bought in healthcare companies?
That is a lie
what about your promise to bring health care back to the free market? You are a hypocrite and a liar. Give 1/6 the of the economy back.
Love him and miss him
And you guys really know about broken promises... lying sacks of turd burgers.
