Vote no!
No.
3 republicans are heroes this morning!!!!
You sir is not one of them!!!!
Hi Mike. Any chance you could release the bill language? Asking for a friend...
Can't release what he doesn't know & doesn't exist. The Rs including him will own this deathbill.
"Skinny" bill was a terrible bill and everyone knew it. Americans know when their health insurance is threatened. History will not be kind.
Loser!
...but thanks for the sausage comparison. I guess that is a fitting comparison for the American healthcare system. Sausage. Real good.
You failed again. Show you're serious that your plan works. Put Congress on your health plan. #RepealAndReplaceRounds
You know what is pretty? A single payer system
WRONG look at countries that have single payer NOT pretty!
http://thepatientfactor.com/canadian-health-care-information/world-health-organizations-ranking-of-the-worlds-health-systems/ … well according to the who it is USA ranked 37th number one france
It sure isn't; being foolish while trying to make sausage is unbecoming to say the least. Thanks for looking out for my grandchildren :(
Right now if there was an election I'd vote democrat at least they stick together
just saw you on cspan- WORK WITH DEMS- WE HAVE IDEAS BUT THE GOP NEEDS TO LISTEN. Stop blaming and whining.
Tell Graham to take those Obamacare taxes and stuff em up his ass! That's not repeal!
Terrible analogy.... considering the main ingredient in the "sausage" you are making is human lives.
Reminds me of that old nursery rhyme. "Be he alive or be he dead. I'll grind his bones to make my bread."
You're on record, Senator.

Deny help to the needy for tax breaks for the rich.

You're such a good "Christian" man lol
Ur rhetoric. The skinny bill would have raised premiums not the other way around. Negative on ACA no help. Vote out!
You'll never vote for free healthcare, because you would lose a lot of money in your insurance business.
Repeal ACA so you and GOP can pad your pockets? Go ahead sell your soul..
I am a teacher in SD barely making 21k a year. I couldn't afford insurance before the ACA!
Your a joke and a huge disappointment to   South Dakota for even Voting yes and supporting that joke of a President. No was the way!
After 7 years that's all you had to offer. Complete failure to meet your leadership responsibility.
let people over 55 buy into medicare. THAT takes a lot of the burden off insurance companies and lower costs for younger people.
You did not pass it.  You and the Republican Party are dead to me.  Will never vote for any of you ever again.
It also isn't done in the middle of the night. #shady
NO repeal of ACA, undemocratic & unethical process.  Vast majority want bipartisan ACA, not destruction of healthcare. People over politics!
Continue to fight to repeal and replace ObamaCare. Stop throwing tax payers money into a disastrous health care bill.
this plan sucked and you all know it. dont forget that Trump did not help one bit. all he does is bully, scam and lie. GOP needs to wake up
Eliminate fake food-GMO forced by Gov and health issues disappear!
This isn't a joke...
Vote no! SD is watching...
With all due respect, thank goodness some of your GOP colleagues are *hearing* their constituents.
He won't guarantee he'll take it to conference. You know this. This sausage you joke about will hurt South Dakotans. #VoteNo
Shame on you for padding wealthy pockets.
You are failing your most vulnerable constituents.
you know damn well that the house is going to pass this bill. this is NOT 'the next step'
You have had 7 years to make it, get work!
Especially when it's made of pure bullshit.
With all due respect, Senator, I am not sure any of you know if you're making sausage or lasagna or Mac n cheese.
Repealing ACA should be the least of your worries. You need to do something right and get Trump out of the whitehouse. Unless your dirty too
Visa program does come to mind?
Pro tip - THEY ARE GOING TO PASS THIS GARBAGE IN THE HOUSE. DON'T VOTE FOR BILLS YOU DON'T WANT TO BECOME LAW
In the words of Dan Rather... This isn't just sausage making. This is a blender of BS!
 https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/27/16035644/republicans-obamacare-repeal-lying …
Taking healthcare away from people just so the rich can have more money, and gloat about, is why I'm not voting for you.
Mike, just let Obumble care implode. None of the Rep can seem to agree on anything which is sad, very sad. You've tried. Let it die.
The healthcare of millions of Americans is at stake and you're making sausage jokes? Disgusting 
You strike me as someone who smells like sausage at all times
They also say no one knows how the sausage gets made; it doesn't appear the Senate is an exception.
You're making sausage of your most vulnerable constituents. 

And for what? Steve Wynn's money? 

You're pathetic. Sorry excuse for a man.
But maybe you don't want to be a Senator anymore...because you won't get re-elected by throwing a large section of people of healthcare.
How does it feel that Paul Ryan has been lying to you? Conference committee will fail and they'll just pass "skinny repeal".
Quick senator tell us what the unintended consequences of your vote will mean to SD. Who's hurt? Do you know? Do you care.
I'm glad you are finding the courage.
Sad that you chose that analogy and you see the healthcare of South Dakotans as a political game. Who are you representing?
Thanks for being so open about the process and the informative town halls you did across the state. Wait...what?
I agree senator, but GOP senate is showing the world why government is incapable of running  healthcare.  Get out of the business, now.
Neither is this "legislation" Senator. It's vague, vacuous, vituperative, and violates both Senate rules and common sense.
So you're calling it a 'skinny bill'?! I call it BS. Your donors must be happy.
They were your neighbors when your parents neighbors, behind their house. Small world isn't it!
I'm not sure what's going on in DC; but if my cousin & Great uncle knew how you were conducting business, btw their name is Zuccaro.
So stupid to repeal & start over with tcare plan! Fix ACA or Single Payer for all! Eliminate greedy insurance companies from the equation!
But at least Sausage taste good!!! Unlike the 7 who left a very bad taste in our mouths!!
Apparently "making sausage" also isn't transparent, well thought out, or based on facts
'SKINNY' bill would make sausage out of hardworking South Dakotans who deserve better healthcare, not worse. Plz vote no.
It will cause 16million to lose insurance and cause rate to go UP 20%. This is not better. Do your job.
No skinny bills. REPEAL!
Skin and bones you mean
Care to talk to the people you represent?  Or tell us what you are planning?  What are you trying to achieve that is good for us? #saveACA
skinny bill is the way to destroy healthcare for millions. Try fixing ACA, not destroying lives.
Please, with all due respect.  Vote no and work bi-partisan to fix ACA.  Thank you
Passing a garbage bill hoping conference creates "something" would be the ultimate irresponsible act. Please don't!
Terrible analogy. Human lives are not sausage. Everyone deserves health care.  VOTE NO!
Obviously you don't believe in bipartisanship...
If. You. Think. It's. A. Bad. Bill. Don't. Vote. For. It.
You've been conned Senator & we Americans are wide awake & recognize this is a HUGE tax cut for the rich. #ashamed
"Making sausage" is what Senate committees are for.  You are making what comes after you eat the sausage.
Vote NO!

Please for the sake of so many, vote no!
These are lives at stake, Senator.  Vote NO! or lose support from your constituents.
Sounds more like horseshit than sausage.
No to #Trumpcare support the #ACA and move forward with #medicare4all and #impeachtrump for #TrumpRussia
That is a reprehensible, deplorable attitude. Are your personal insurance benefits going skinny? I hazard a guess they are not. Hypocrite!
Sausage is tasty in the end. The Skinny repeal is rotten from the core.
Are you crazy? You're willing to vote for a bill on the assurance it won't become law?  GOOD PEOPLE DONT VOTE FOR BAD BILLS. #skinnyrepeal
And they don't get re-elected once their misguided supporters figure out their hlth ins. is the "fat" that is being cut in the 'skinny bill'
How about some hearings. This is a mess.
VOTE NO
Youre making a mockery of our legislature and nothing more
We voted for #FullRepeal ONLY! No replace. The private sector will replace #healthcare. Repeal ONLY!
The private sector failed by not providing a living working wage along with a health insurance system that profits by avoiding coverage
Private sector medical insurance doesn't work because it opporates under the same principles  as gambling casinos players always loose
Standardize state mandates to MINIMUM coverage requirements and open the industry to interstate commerce. Competition drives prices down.
You're a bad person if this is your goal.
