So you ignored the will of the people to advance a personal agenda. The people will remember that.
come next election, say goodbye 2 ur seat former Senator Rounds
The problem with that is that it wasn't just YOUR call. It was our call and we didn't want her.
exactly!!!  So much for working for SD PEOPLE!
You will NOT have my support anymore. We will not forget your vote against our children's futures.
I hope your state votes this tool out of office
Your belief is completely irrelevant. You work for us & you ignored the overwhelming majority of SD voters SHAME
so now we know it only takes 46,000 to make you sell out your states children. Way to go senator.
@SloSHO @SenatorRounds @BetsyDeVos senator, would you have voted nay if I offered 47k?  Asking for my kids.
I think standard croony procedure here is to offer more than the next guy. Correct?
she FAILED Detroit. She will FAIL AMERICA. #senatorsforsale
2018 here we come!
Did you listen to the teachers, parents and school boards??
no @SenatorRounds @SenJohnThune  of course not!
is no where near qualified to have this position leading our education system. It is an absolute atrocity.
First off, you are a crook. I would never vote for you.  DeVos bought that appointment. Stop patting your back!
@bash3ca9gc    You are still a puppet
I won't forget this vote.
. I, too, will not forget this vote @blwilb @SenatorRounds #boughtandpaidfor #unqualified @BetsyDeVos
this was a terrible decision. Money talks.
You were not elected for YOUR beliefs. You are to speak for the people of SD. You let the state of SD down.
And how much did the DeVos family contribute to your campaign?
As one of your constituents, I'm saddened by your decision. She knows absolutely 0 about public education.
Good to know that you value money over our children's education. $46,800 to be exact. You should be ashamed.
Against the STRONG objection of the American people. You did what you wanted, not what we wanted.
nothing like giving the job to the highest bidder...You 2 are the reason for ethics committees...
Of course, the 50 grand in contributions didn't hurt, either. Creep.
Yes we know Betsy DeVos bought you and you betrayed the rest of us, you traitor
Thank you--> @SenatorRounds @kshw5678 @BetsyDeVos
She isn't even an educator. Totally unqualified, but has enough $ to buy her way in
@keloland @BetsyDeVos  We will vote against you.  DeVos is unqualified for the job.
No education needs to have standards that prepare kids for the real world. Not just to survive locally.
If you really believe in Ms DeVos then return the $46,800 she gave you to prove it's not pay to play.
good to know you're for sale, what's your price? #whatsyourprice #republicansforsale
$46,800
yes but that can happen with somebody with experiences as well.
she has no beliefs ...no experience such a sad day for SD#nodevos
Does this mean I can buy a future vote?
What percentage of your constituents send kids to public schools? How can you just ignore them all?
Sell out don't count on being re-elected
I don't know who you listen to but clearly it's not your constituents. Shame on you
Betsy DeVos is a white nationalist who believes in private schools no one can afford.  U got paid, sold out
she also has damage in Michigan, she has no experience, no clue, I share your belief, but that doesn't qualify me
It had nothing to do with your beliefs. She purchased your vote for $46,800. You sacrificed our future for that.
& @SenJohnThune make me never want to return to South Dakota once my husband retires from the navy. #unamerican #shame
boughten and paid for
you say that like it's a good thing...
you must want to retire from your political career.  Even someone as glib as yourself can't think she's qualified
DeVos only qualification was the millions she gave Trump. You sold our kid's future today. You should be ashamed!
@keloland @BetsyDeVos shares your belief or pays you well - big difference!
total bs- you didn't listen at all to your constituents
$46800 is all it takes to buy a vote these days? Nice to see you're a cheap lay, mikey
you felt more of a responsibility to her than to us in SD.  Thanks. I will do my best to not get you re-elected.
ALL of our children deserve better... not just the ones who can afford it!
Republicans even thought she was unqualified
It had nothing to do with your belief. it had to do with $17000 she gave you.
I made a mistake Rounds pocketed$46,000.
you work for the people of SD who had concerns about DeVos experience, way to let the people down to further your agenda
This was not a vote for the students of SD or the voters. Our children need to be educated to live in the world.
what about your constituents? You voted against the will of the people? Glad to see you can be bought for 46800.
we know you voted for her because of her campaign contribution.  You should be ashamed.
but your constituents didn't agree did they Senator?
I guess $46,000 would buy my vote too! Disgusting that you would sell out our children's education.
Is it also your belief that guns be allowed in schools? Or that DeVos had no clue what public school was? Shame
I look forward to you trying to explain how kids will commute to their new schools
this is why you voted the way you did mike. Make no mistake about it.
You probably are pro-birth too.
Those who cannot teach pass laws about teaching.

Everyone has something to say. SD voted for Trump and his cabinet picks. Good job Senator Rounds.
IF YOU DONT
extremely disappointing that u do not put the needs of youth before your own needs. SD teachers lowest paid in US
screwing over teacher and student  voters in your state wasn't a smart career move, oh senator of mine
welcome to "pay to play" schools. Super unfair except for rich ass white ppl. OH WAIT.
booooooo you're both uneducated & don't deserve your positions. Boooo
poor choice. I'm sure she will give you more money.
How much does a spine and a conscience go for these days, Senator? Does $46,800 sound about right?
I've  never been more disgusted w/a SoDak legislator. &@KristiNoem drives me bonkers. You should be ashamed. #46k4yourvote
You only received 46,800$ for your vote,contributions from DeVos family. Another bought politician!
Voted for her because you have no guts, she donated to you or a combination of the two. Nothing to brag about.

can you please explain this?
How sad. The most unqualified person for the job. BBeing qualified means nothing anymore. We"ll remember you.
was not the only option.  Hope you enjoy your exile from SD.  We don't want you back!!
Thanks for selling out American children.
You voted to confirm because she bought your unprincipled behind.  People see right through you.
and also shares your direct desposit account #
Shame on you.
You sir, will most likely lose in your next election. Just saying.
and she writes a hell of a check...
stop it.
You sold out SD's kids, teachers and schools for the unqualified @BetsyDeVos. You're both corrupt and disgraceful!
How's that working out for SD schools? Where's your ranking again? Last?
how much did she donate to your campaign...Shameful. #rememberinnovember
used to think you were a decent human being when our governor. Now I know your integrity is only worth $46,800
clearly you don't care what South Dakotans think!! You are bought and paid for, congrats to the both of you
Her $46800 bought you off didn't it. If our schools suffer because you didn't grow a pair then you'll b voted out
she was the wrong choice. Parents and educators agreed. How many calls asking to not confirm. Let's see the #'s.
How much did she pay you?
"Who shares my belief that public dollars belong in private pockets."
A couple of turd blossoms perfect for each other.
But she has history of fighting to TAKE local control away.
is not qualified to lead our education system and we all know it. #ShameOnYou #PartisanPolitics #SDEdu
nice job. You should have listened to the educators in SoDak rather than your wallet.
$46,800 is what it costs to buy Mike Rounds's vote btw.
people are tired of party politics. That is ALL this vote was. How could you possibly vote for someone SO unqualified?
means to say he's thankful to @BetsyDeVos for that $46,800 she paid him #DeVosvote #Devos
Seems to me that you confirmed her because she gave you $46,800. How does it feel to be bribed?
means @BetsyDeVos will ensure that cities/states run by the ignorant will con't making bad edu dec for children,teachers
even with that platform, she's horribly unqualified in a field of far better options. You fail.
@keloland @BetsyDeVos Thank you for contributing to the systematic dumbing down of our children and nation.
You sold out.  Party before country.  Our kids loose, no one wins.  Constituents will notice.
your job is to protect the people. Especially the children. All you did was protect @BetsyDeVos investment.
shares your belief in $46800. Shame on you.
means @BetsyDeVos will ensure that women aren't protected from sexual assaults on campuses, where 1&4 are sexually assaulted
means that @BetsyDeVos will ensure that tax payer $ fund schools that teach your children that the Earth is 3k years old
@ksfynews @BetsyDeVos she has no business in that position. Unquestionably unqualified.
means that @BetsyDeVos will ensure that tax payer $ is funneled to religious schools, violating separation of church & state
means that @BetsyDeVos will ensure that taxpayer $ will be funneled to already wealthy for private schools & segregation
Well, it’s probably true that you have a belief in @BetsyDeVos’ money.
@ksfynews @BetsyDeVos I have not talked to one educator in the state of South Dakota that wanted her! Who do you work for?
SHAME!
Probably neither of you have ever had to fight a school system to get your kid the IEP they desperately need.
What about the guns for grizzly bears? The entire lot of you idiots should be forced to work in DCPS.
History will not look kindly on this vote. Or as they will write it in the future, histry.
Yes, and she only had to pay you $46,800 in political contributions to get your vote. @SenatorRounds @BetsyDeVos
I wish you had kept South Dakota children in mind when you voted. Too bad. -from a former South Dakotan
you are supposed to represent SD, not yourself. Thanks for letting us down.
Do you know what IDEA is Mr. Rounds?
$46,800 in donations from DeVos makes her money more powerful than the will of you constituency?
shame on you both for putting profit before children.
you did this against the wishes of the people of SD. you should be ashamed of yourself. I can't wait to vote you out.
How much did she pay you?
you are morally bankrupt and  insanely corrupt. Don't know how you look at yourself in the mirror. We will remember.
You just voted AGAINST American children's future. You ignored thousands of constituents' wishes, & we'll remember that! 
@keloland @BetsyDeVos will remember rounds next election that party came before children with corrupt incompetent DeVos.
Sadly that's not her belief! She believes in vouchers & has zero understanding of public ed. You failed & ignored us all!
you are shameful
and, more importantly, your belief in pay-to-play politics
.@SenatorRounds Remember when you were the good guy in SD? That's how you were elected governor years ago
L
@keloland @BetsyDeVos Appalled at actions of your party at state & national level.  Apparently will of people doesn't matter.
kudos Mr rounds Ur child's edu needs 2 b on a local level. Not some crap gov.tell u to teach.
It's nice to see you can be bought so cheaply. #SouthDakota won't forget this.
didn't have to pay that much for @SenJohnThune #sellout #disappointed #notsurprised
that is NOT at all true. Ashamed I live in a country where senators like you have no courage to do what's best.
@keloland @BetsyDeVos Thanks Senator.  Don't listen to the uninformed Dems
My kids go to public school in Sioux Falls. You voted against them. I won't forget.
Senator for Sale! Senator for Sale! Step right up and get yer Senators! Get em cheep!
May God have mercy on your soul, because the American people will not be so forgiving
you just ruined the futures of millions of children. I hope you realize how much you've failed your constituents.
If you cared about America instead of lining your pockets, you would have voted "no."
Disappointed.
@keloland @BetsyDeVos poor choice, follow the money on this one, no vote for you next election
Shame on you, Senator.
That should really tell you something, Senator, when the negative comment towards you gets more attention than your statement
you know what? You're right. Education decisions don't belong in the hands of the #unqualified @BetsyDeVos.
@ksfynews @BetsyDeVos Great vote!  Thank you!  The thugs in the teacher's unions are crapping themselves!  Winning bigly!
and who will take public funds and make sure they go to private schools. And make sure poor kids can't read.
start looking for a new job, you money grubbing, poor excuse for a human.
.@SenatorRounds So she bought you for a measly $46,000? You’re cheap.
you and Betsy also share a staggering unfitness for the offices you're in
No she doesn't & you know it. Just ask parents in MI who've experienced her ideas of education. She $$ your vote
So the fact that she's totally incompetent doesn't bother you. Got it. Time to vote you out.
Shame on you, @SenatorRounds. I hope you at least got some money by screwing over our kids future. @BetsyDeVos
are both incompetent. But hey, we now know what it costs to buy your vote.
Going to cost you.
that's pathetic. Politician to the core. Hope her family funds your campaign next election.
Say goodbye to South Dakota rounds.   #devossucks
can you really look kids in the eyes & say you voted FOR their futures? Answer please.
