Sir you sow discord.  Texas & Florida not islands totally devastated. This is HISTORIC devastation and you spend time misleading Americans
And GOLFING!
@psstricia who is golfing?  Please post pics show evidence or stop sowing discord like Sen. Kaine
Looks like a golf course to me snowflake:
That is the lawn of his home in NJ.  You have a problem with the man working from there.  Wearing a suit no golf clubs no golf cart.  FAKE
I have a problem that the man doesn't work- he watches FoxNews, tweets stupid shit and is not fit to be President. #FakePresident
I have problem with PR truckers striking in midst of disaster.  Please comment on this link https://goo.gl/nNYE13   I would love your take
They didn't.
To put it mildly senator.To add insult to injury comrade Trump insults mayor & the people who have been fighting for their lives for 9 days
Fake. She cried about no supplies while standing in front of pallets of supplies. She should turn around every now and then, she'd be amazed
The pallets were there, so we're the containers, we all know that! There was no fuel for trucks to dispatch the supplies, nor drivers
Wow where do you get all this hate from?Why do you think the truckers union had volunteers go down?WH dropped the ball logistically.
No hate. Facts are facts. Trump is the only reason the rescue efforts succeeded. Ask PR's governor and other mayors, they have been honest.
Wha facts? You said supplies behind the mayor? Not true there was no diesel fuel for the trucks?
That is not Trumps' fault. And not having fuel does not negate the fact that supplies were right behind her.
Nobody ever disputed the supplies. They are useless if you can't distribute them around the island. Am sure you get that
Maybe she should distribute the loads of supplies she's standing in front of
she can't that is why she needs help. This how they did it in TX and FL
The people there should also be helping but it sounds like they can't even get there own to help, sad
Yes - if their own people won't even help their own neighbors, speaks volumes. It's all about $ and it's easier to lay blame elsewhere. MAGA
Just watched some of thos, very very sad, if true she needs fired!
gotnews is an “alt-right” affiliated outlet. I am done explaining!
No I get part of it but truth is starting to come out now https://www.allenbwest.com/2017/10/01/san-juan-mayor-lets-slip-shock-admission-live-tv/ …
The mayor was heard. And this is what started to happen.

Texas and Floridians are prepared to help themselves FIRST and not rely on Federal govt to bail them out. This is the difference!
@1911Spartan  Yes, Vasco DeGama, you may not not have noticed that while USVI and PR are islands, Texas and Fla are not.  #zippythepinhead
Stop the LIBERAL BULLSHIT Timmy.  All emergency supplies were in warehouses rotting because of LOCAL government screw ups!!!!
I agree.
How about this Tim. It will catch up with you... https://www.google.com/amp/www.foxbusiness.com/features/2017/09/25/house-democrats-block-bill-tying-storm-aid-to-faa-funding.amp.html …
Run for President Senator Kaine! We need someone back in charge who can lead this country effectively & do it compassionately, 4 all of US🖒
Are you calling for troops? Suspending the Jones Act?
They suspended the jones act temporarily
Totally different logistics!  Also, PR truckers union shirked responsibility over money.
Stop the lies Timmy, help has been there. Also where we getting the money for all this? Just printing more money adding to ourdebt?
This is the umderstatement of the year. Please listen to military in PR who are breaking with Trump and say they need help.
They need more troops because the local truckers union won't abide by FEMA rules. So the union is doing a work stoppage. Not a federal issue
Both Snopes and Politifact have debunked this story as fake.
@USVInews  It's  easier to get aid to places that are not surrounded by an ocean. Maybe your friend Harry Potter can help.
Senator! You need to RAISE your VOICE!! Show it with ACTION not just WORDS! My family is suffering there!! 
Thoughts and prayers. Praying for their safety and recovery.
Thank you! We're US CITIZENS! My Mom and family are being treated like  #TrumpsKatrina
I'm on the mission committee of my church. I'll make certain this is brought up at the next meeting as well. Certain it will be.
I'm desperately trying to get a generator to my 84 yr old Mom in Comerio! It's been one obstacle after another!
May I share your story?
If it helps get my mom her much needed generator! Any help! Not asking for charity just the means to get it to her
She's in rural PR
USVI and PR are islands and Texas and Florida have easiky accessible neighboring states. I spent 2 days leaving USVI even under ideal cond.
IS IT FINALLY TIME TO PUSH FOR IMPEACHMENT?
HOW MANY PEOPLE HAVE TO DIE?
IT'S ONLY GOING TO GET WORSE-ACT NOW-
BOTH @POTUS & @VP HAVE TO GO
If only Trump would remember this
Dem lies are serious concerns!
Corrupt Dems however colluding to have Innocent Children Placed in NJ Foster Care System didn't raise serious concerns!You will be unseated
Which ones are those disparities BOZO?
we all know what we have to do. the question is do we have the corsage to do what is truly best for this country.
Umm, no they aren't.  Why are facts so hard for you lefties to understand?  How many times did they vote against statehood?
@ItsMeCathi So reminiscent of Katrina. I was there. Watched for days & knew it was a direct hit but no preparations. Poor= no help
Why are we not investing in solar & water generators like @EcoloBlue for natural disaster response? 
Then please do something.  Since the Reougs are not!
Our president can't seem to understand this . It's just so unbelievable what he thinks is going on in Puerto Rico . Is he that dumb ?
Also 3rd major disaster and hardest to reach with resources stretched by Tx&Florida
Make up your minds, libs. You claimed Trump did nothing about TX & FL; now you admit there was a response but deny Trump was in charge then
I think you must not have seen this
You can't ship aid in bulk to an island when the ports are wrecked.  Aid was never going to get there as quickly as to TX.
politicize everything.  gross!
Is your son still in jail? I bet you did pay for play! Usual @TheDemocrats move.
Trying to pick up another voting demographic or you trying to get HRCs crooked contractors into PR like Haiti? @realDonaldTrump is on #Watch
You obviously haven't been keeping up. Resources poured into and continue to pour into Puerto Rico.
Yes Tim, 
1. PR IS AN ISLAND!!! 100% decimated. 2. Texas & Florida had PROACTIVE LEADERSHIP & are connected to land masses, not destroyed 
Raise concerns? How about blood pressure? My blood pressure goes up every day because of the weak dumb slimed potus. Get him out NOW
Division and politicization are as natural to you as breathing. Give it a rest please.
Take a break Mr political opportunist, taking advantage of people's misery.
Shame on shame on your head Timmy.
Thank you sir! Disheartening to see too many others without empathy
Work on making ALL our territories states. They'll vote for it now. Seeing the toll of not having electoral college votes.
Tim, you sound too much like GOP. 

"Serious"? How about "alarming"?
Why was the president out playing golf while thousands were displaced and desperate?
So why hasn't Congress done more & step up to the plate! Enough ass kissing, do what you all were hired to do...take care of all Constituents! #ImpeachTrump #FirePence Bring in @HillaryClinton, winner of popular vote by 3 million! Bring back decency & humanity! Bring back RESPECT
I see you in your sheepskin. #wolf
No there wasn't, Tim. Will you scream again so we can all laugh that you are a nut ball
Like you weren't concerned before Senator? My best friend is there. Haven't heard a word yet
This is bs. I live in Houston and TRUMP WAS MAGNIFICENT!!!
Those concerns have been "raised" for some time now. I would say they "confirm" those assumptions. Let's stop being so gentile, Dems.
A super power like the USA. That lacks 'a' Protocall 2 deal  with disasters of this magnitude. Is something we should Question. @jupiter896

I have a  and #DirtyDon’s corruption, incompetence and lack of empathy make me feel this way:

https://youtu.be/oEwrsf02L_c …

If a cruise ship made why don't we have an aircraft carrier w troops out there just wondering

Crimes against humanity.
There are a LOT of other things raising serious concern too. How about piling them all together and impeaching this pathetic little man.
You see, they had no input in the elections plus they're people of color. Hence, Trump doesn't see a need in helping them.
Trying for a NOLA cheap points. You lose, good day sir.
Lies lies lies
Most bankrupt and ineptly run part of the US being helped massively by the fed government. Mayor, why don't you handle your trucking union?
No they don't!! Stop always looking to complain!! The Chai Party is the Democrats Tea Party. U sound EXACTLY like the Tea Party!
All due respect, but "raise serious concerns"?  Really?  DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT.  He is a menace 2 our country and must be stopped. STOP HIM.
But they don't vote in PR

Trump's behavior is horrendous, vicious and despicable. AND the GOP ALLOWING this to continue is EVEN MORE upsetting!
It's far past concerns. It's blatant, unconscionable and unapologetic racism by a commander in chief.
Potus probably didn't know Puerto Ricans are citizens
And what exactly are you doing about these serious concerns?? People are tired of talk without action. DO. SOMETHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#DomesticWhiteMaleTerrorist in Chief 
#CrimesAgainstHumanity
Your ability to continually lie in the manner that you do is concerning.
Don't be concerned!TAKE ACTION!!!THROW THE BUM OUT OF THE PEOPLE'S HOUSE & LET'S GET TO WORK AS A NATION!AMERICANS ARE DYING!
Senator Kaine. please push for military action in humanitarian aid. send over a  carrier for aerial assistance. please.
"Raise serious concerns..." Shhheezzz... Don't get all bother about it! Maybe a bit of righteous indignation would help!
"Raise serious concerns?" #TimKaine! Say it with the rest of us: #FakePOTUS is a racist, and people are dying why he golfs, tweets, & eats!
Remove Trump. Find a way.  #LifeHack4America
They sure do!
Senator Kaine, you are a gentleman that speaks softly but with much wisdom. I am a huge fan.
Lying Tim Kane just keeps it up. Here's the truth about Puerto Rico from their Congresswoman
This raises "serious concerns"? With all due respect, Senator, cut to the chase and impeach that sonofabitch already!
Sir, stop saying things like ‘serious concern’ & say what this is. Neglect so severe he needs to lose his job. What will YOU do about it?
Serious concerns?We are past that point.We need charisma. Trump is a sociopath Voters have no real lead/focus. Never Trump not gotten still.
"Serious concerns"?  Well you certainly are a master of understatement aren't you?
If things were different, I could easily see you rolling up your sleeves and getting to work in PR. Definitely not golfing.
Seriously? It raises concerns... That’s all you have to say? Why bother commenting. Disappointed in you right now.
Trump doesn't give a shit he had to take his fat ass golfing
You're such a partisan hack.
Her decision to choose you for VP gave us Trump. Piss OFF, Timmy.
My serious concerns are why so many whining Senators are complaining about this and doing something about it. That's right THEIR SENATORS!
No “concerns”. We’re hell and gone past “concerns”.  This person is unfit and dangerous. Kim Jong Trump.
Serious concerns are the facts we see that @POTUS is Unfit Mentally for office. He is totally deranged. Do something Now to remove him.
"...raise serious concerns OF MALFEASANCE." Just wanted to fix that for you.
You are so embarrassing. Stop race baiting.   Remember how Pence destroyed you in the debate, that was so funny! 
I served in #USAF with many from PR. Many service families and veterans live in PR. 
Again, @GOP telling us how little veterans matter 
I know right... how many navy vessels were sent to Huston?
The answers are black and white, more precisely brown and white.  White racist ideals fueling hypocrisy in policy.
that's b/c the ppl of PR can't vote for Fat Donny in Prez election, therefore he has no use for them
PR/USVI are US territories. We own them. Saying they should solve their own problems is like saying our backyard fence should paint itself.
It boils down to 2 reasons, and we all know it! Racism and he was too busy with his obsession with the NFL! He was OBSESSED! Still is.

Without power there is no cell service-gas and water cannot be pumped-Energy Authority is bankrupt-Fire them all. Follow the money-Bust them
Electoral college...
1. Do something
2. Stop parsing your words. The president has proven multiple times that he is a racist.

Because of #FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. As seen here, they are ALL doing a GREAT JOB! 
If you and @HillaryClinton were where you should be, the people of Puerto Rico and beyond would be receiving the support they need.
1. It's harder 2. The difference is local leadership 3. Don't politicize - your govt is working hard
Are there any disparities in geography?
In a Texas community hit hard by Harvey, we know how much affected communities depend on federal help. We stand with our compadres in PR.
DJT just realized Puerto Rico an island-by the way-1943 Supreme Court Ruled NO one required 2 participate in religious/political ceremonies
Mr. #Magoo strikes again!
some #badhombres  in that White House!
BREAKING: Senators McCain and Cardin - "Trump has not yet implemented Russia, Iran, North Korea sanctions law from 2 months ago" THIS!
Well ... "there is lots of water. An ocean. A really big ocesn. An island. Which is surrounded by all that water!": DJT - Idiot In Chief 
trump knows the Puerto Ricans are just being shiftless &lazy. such a sharp dude. wow.
You're too nice Senator.  Gotta get really blunt
#RevokeKushnerClearance
About time. #PuertoRicansAreAmericans
Then do something!
So why don't you raise money from all your rich donors and start shipping relief supplies?
Ya think? Come on Tim, if that is all you have after "Dick in Chief" continues to degrade our democracy, then just hold the thought.
Senator, do you think you could use your position to get close enough 2 Trump 2 explain this to him? I’m sure he would do better if he knew!
What a polite way to put it. I wish everyone would stop being polite & call  him out for the racist, narcissistic egomaniac he is.#impeach
The Dem rhetoric about PR is hollow.  You all need to get fierce.
I agree! This is shameful! Shame on @realDonaldTrump
Putting it mildly!!
It is the same federally. The citizen rescuers cant reach the islands
Do they pay federal taxes Timmy?
Amen
Always loved your passionate and measured responses. You are cutting it short here. We need your leadership more than ever.
thank you Senator...I agree 100%
Are the people in Lousianna considered Americans?
STOP putting out a negative spin on this,  trying to making Americans think trump is racist.  YOU race baiting hater!
First you are not being honest second local government and law enforcement in PR just disappeared to care for their own family.  Stop lying
Could it be a difference between and ? 
If they had electoral votes and more money, @POTUS and @VP might be a little more responsive. They only do for those that can benefit them.
2020 we need you TK
Repunklicans only care about red states, you know, the WELFARE states that the blue states carry .
Will this T-rump nightmare ever end?? This must b what it feels like being on a 747 in a nose dive!
#puertorico move 2 the mainland. And not 2 blue states but 2 red states and VOTE!!!
Not since we know the Prez is a racist. USVI and PR are full of brown people, so we know he wouldn't do the right thing!!
You're a communist racist...
You are so lost in your incoherent rhetoric. The efforts by our govt in all 3 disaster have been phenomenal to say the least. Unprecedented
We'll see how big the disparity actually turns out to be when all is said and done. Very premature comment IMO.
Yes they are. In the future the govt of these islands needs to be better prepared for such disasters. There are opportunities to improve.
how patently political u are. It’s not like planes, Trains, autos, gas &food can be magically sent 2 island w no infrastructure left

"There's a medical center down here, and everyone that was in the Intensive Care Unit, died. Everyone. That's just one detail." 4/
I'm wondering what the death toll is. Reason being, perhaps if current admin. had a number they would have to face the outrage over this.
Yes, you are correct, of course.  Thank you for remembering to include the USVI.  They are hurting as well! ALL of our islands need our help
Like how difficult it is to get supplies to an island?
45 is the White (male) supremacist President.
When Liberal Trump bashers like Geraldo see through your exploitation BS...
That is when you know your game is weak
Why don't you go there and help. Stop the crying and do something!!!!!!!
What kind of concern @timkaine? I don't see you out there doing a darn thing but nagging & resisting @POTUS there is an ocean btwn us dummy.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!
Racist concerns. Isn't genocide illegal?!
By saying that this response raises serious concerns, you mean you’re actively working on getting aid to PR and USVI, right?
Don't Tweet. Do something!
Playing the race card Tim???? Shame on you!!!
FU liar
#RacistPOTUS
It's simple really. Puerto Ricans speak Spanish. Therefore Trump thinks they are not important, not American and not worth saving.
Throughout his life and campaign he told and showed us who he is ....an ignorant hate mongering racist and I believe him
supplies are there.if u can get them distributed faster get off your ass & get it done or shut up.go put up power lines or something.fool
Fpl's response
We want to hurricane proof power grid
Get after them in the Senate
Why was Puerto Rico not prepared in the same manner Fl and TX were? Why does an area prone to hurricanes fail to prepare? Why a Fed prob?
@realDonaldTrump & the rest of us!!!
Understatement!! Impeach this incompetent person now! 
Urgent: Meet with your @HouseGOP & @HouseDemocrats to get this going. #impeachTrump
13 months and counting tic toc
Containers delivered w supplies just sitting there because Puerto Rican  Teamsters Union, Frente Amplio refuses to work ... but Trump ...
No shit Sherlock? 
Tim, thanks more hate and lies.  This is not a race issue, the majority of the people helped in Houston are also minorities.  Island Issue!
Preach VP!
Are you kidding me! You are a Senator!! You are part of the problem! And you have the nerve to talk shit! Unbelievable!!!!
sir this might be apples and oranges. those are islands and fully devastated very different situation.
Two are republican states...
you need to get angry Tim LIKE THIS!!!!!! .@timkaine
Tell the truth
Tim You're a Racist' If You Don't Condemn All Violence including 
#Antifa
&
#KKK
You as a possible VP was a serious concern as well.
“Raise serious concerns”?
Where’s the outrage? Where’s your passion?
@timkaine - this is why you didn’t help HRC. 
Stop being Mr. Lukewarm.
