smh the dems never learn. continue to have the establishment is what destroyed the dems in the first place
ha demoncrats don't work they extort-NOBLESAVAGE
with leaders like these stooges, the GOP is going to be in power for a long time
Tim "Nova" Kaine set a very achievable goal. They should be finished by dinner time! #VOICE #MAGA3X
If you support @TomPerez then the Dems are doomed. We need less corrupt people like you and @HillaryClinton in the party
But if he supports Ellison he's an anti-semite. Double edged sword there.
seeing ellison isnt an anti-semite he just supports a 2-state solution thats just fine
Palestinians can be anti-semites and 2 state supporters. Just like Ellison.
wanna back up @keithellison is an antisemite with evidence?
Get Pelosi re-elected...she's the Republican's greatest campaigning tool. Keep her in office.
take a hike to dantes inferno u Jesuit Judas iscatiot -NOBLESAVAGE
pandering at its best. We speak English in America. #CreepyTimKaine
let's keep it positive and unified to defeat GOP 2018 and byby 45
maybe they can get more than 10 people to attend your campaign rallies
It's the joker!!  Just like you and hillary did...GOP2018 is all but a certainty
Thank you for working together! Ignore the naysayers. We will unite and vote blue!
Hey Tim @timkaine @TomPerez @keithellison keep the faith.  You'll need it.  Same old digging hole getting deeper and deeper
We'll see.

You shoulda been Veep!
. These 2 men has leadership a lot of passion. This will take our party to the next level.
There's a level below the basement?
start with @realFireNunes  CA-22 #firenunes
Clearly U have no intention of winning in 2018! Same old establishment politicians #OutWithTheOld #WakeUp
I agree Senator Kaine! Perez and Ellison will be a powerful one-two pumch for this country!
congrats! To bad our childish agent Orange thought a 2 year old rant was in order. SMH
The Dems won't see the light of DC Day for 24 years, at LEAST. Clean up your act. You've got time.

Just remember when we lose in 2020 it was the establishment Democrats that are to blame and no one else!!!
, @keithellison is being used to get progressives to fall in line. Not going to happen. #GetMoneyOut
DNC chairman Tom Perez has TIES TO GEORGE SOROS and The Open Society Foundation! This explains his threat
let's hope so!  Winning locally is important. Go hunting with them and get to know their needs.
crooks

Status quo congratulates status quo. Enjoy it while it lasts. #FeelTheBern
And this, coming from the wet napkin who lost us the White House. Great. I'm. so. excited. #deadparty
tell us what we need to do next!
omg Tim , have you totally lost it?
impeach dems for failing to do their job, safety and press cabinnet
You called Trump a racist against Muslims, they aren't a race - you're racist against white conservatives
lol. Loser 1 and dos
SHALL WE JUST SAY #LOSERS ALL?
Tim you're not exactly the one to talk about winning elections are you?  Losing EVERYTHING Sucks huh?
Great job! 2 racists & the leader was the worst Sec. of Labor EVER in history. #DNCChair #DumbAndDumber
F you Tim/ Perez is barely qualified to clean toilets/ typical lying fraud!
and you'll have sex with your wife lol
Ok now you Democratic Senators can start expressing your outrage at Trump people interfering with Trump-Russia investigation.
Harness the Indivisible movement!
YOU ARE TRAGICALLY OUT OF TOUCH. Have you no awareness that you lost MILLIONS of Berniecrats?
Won't happen. The @DNC turned it's back on the grassroots. The party has dismissed us for the last time.
More importantly, we get to keep @keithellison in Congress!!!  @timkaine @TomPerez
Congrats Tom  Your threat is just what the Dems need to unite. You will become DNC worst nightmare! SAD
http://dannysnewsandopinion.blogspot.com/2017/02/political-theater-at-dnc.html …
1)Gentlemen: Please consider that there are many moderates who feel that we don't have a party.
2) Many moderates are concerned about  current political situation. Any hope that D will listen to us?
would never use energy and Dems in same sentence unless referring to sucking energy & $ out of USA!
The decline in the Democrats continues. When will they listen? When will they learn?
ELLISON IS THE MOST VENOMOUS ANTISEMITE U COULD ELECT. HE'S THE LASTNAIL IN DEMS COFFIN. KISS 2020 BYE BYE
democrats hate blacks & keep them poor by suppressing wages with support for illegal aliens lowering wages
While proud of Sen Kaine, equally proud of Sens McCain and Graham taking on Trump
spearhead progressive movement at grassroots level to reach nat'l platform. Get rid of illegitimate potus.
CORRECTION : Will help @GOP secure the elections in '18 & '20
Congratulations! I know both will energize the party. Thank you Senator Kaine 4 all you do. #grassroots!
Oh knock it off. You people are the reason we got stuck with @realDonaldTrump
pathetic
Let's hope!!
Fat chance of that happening!
Tim get a clue..You will lose your seat in the up coming election. Two very bad choices!!
shit in shit out. You screwed the progressives. We will leave this sorry ass party
Dems will never win again; Americans know that Dems only want their votes, then enrich their pockets!

Obvious disdain for middle American voters, die-hard Good-Old-Boys choose left for DNC. Refuse to listen.
btw I didn't see @keithellison on the list of positions not a good start..run Keith run!
I want to thank the dems for Mr Trumps 2020 victory for President, you guys just keep shooting yourselves.
who are you again? Kinda familiar but not ringing a bell......
can't wait for Bernie's response to Perez ! Farrakhan's little boy face at the announcement was priceless.
Don't believe this buffoon they smeared @sensanders too then they used him don't fall 4 it..@keithellison
Yeah he wants to lead the Party in hate and become America's worst nightmare - way to unify a divided 
this is incredibly disappointing. TP is NOT the leader the DNC needs. Dems don't learn from their mistakes
@HardestyBonnie @TomPerez @keithellison Let the low income, poor,disabled,aged know that Trumps wants to take healthcare away
.@timkaine @TomPerez @keithellison #DNC rigs elections, commits voter fraud, opposing all efforts to fix that. Works ONLY for lobbyists.
is that before or after they actually go back and DO THE JOBS THEY WERE HIRED TO DO?
.@timkaine @TomPerez @keithellison #DNC is too corrupt- Obama cabinet was a mafia outfit. Hillary set up toll booth outside her office.
Congratulations Tom, Keith and DNC. We all ready for the fight victory is enivitable.
@HardestyBonnie @TomPerez @keithellison Energy plants are all going to nat.gas,which is cleaner &cheaper,no more dirty coal
This is so out of touch
@HardestyBonnie @TomPerez @keithellison Work to draw in those who voted Rep based on Trumps lie to bring back mining jobs.
you must not be paying attention
#FlippableSeats #Democrats #DemocratsUnite #Resist #Resistance #Hope
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
shut up tim
PLEASE GUYS - make sure we go back to the 50 state strategy.. PLEASE, we want our country back! @keithellison
you meant California, Chicago and New York
It should have been you. Has Tom enough backbone to go up against the GOP and cream them?
YEAR 2018 IS IMPORTANT TO CHANGE THE PENDELUM OR TIDE.

REAL NEWS -  FAKE PRESIDENT
Im sure Perez will help the Democratic Party win as much a Timmy Kaine helped Hillary
KKK Leader David Duke Supports Dem Party Deputy Chair and Muslim Keith Ellison
bullshit.. dems left out progressives and will fail Like election as a result. Shame. RIP  @TheDemocrats
Hey, Tim, is your new leader really the Mitch McConnell of the Democratic Party?
Elect #Democrat #Liberals across the country to destroy #America. No thank you Timmy.
Reverse the order, @timkaine: energy on the ground will be harnessed to steer the party. @TomPerez @keithellison @CvilleDems
this is just more of the same old guard controlling the outcomes. At this rate Dems wont exist in 2020.
No they won't, it is still Clinton vs Bernie, and that is just how it is.  Money buys govt. Same old.
The Biggest Losers 
You guys weren't even smart enough to include Keith. There is no more hope. Go back to counting your $$$$.
#DimKaine has finally healed from that whoopin' #Pence gave him in the #Woodshed. U r a #POS  clown  , 
democrats whipped out. I know! Lets do wverything the same.,
he turned his back on the ppl just to get big money. SAD!!!
exit democrats
congrats on strongarming half of your base to leave your party. As long as you keep getting paid to lose.
The Dems have become the party of the far left. They will lose in '18 and beyond. Will get worse b4 better
If your talking about electing Dems across the country, it surely won't happen with far left candidates.
you truly are nothing more than a party/clinton lap dog
your nothing more than a Trump/Putin lapdog
** you're **
keep the hatred leftists are known for

Yeah right...keep dreaming.  Your party is a joke.

LOL that is the funniest tweet I've read in a while & I have read some hysterical tweets. Pure delusion. 
Welcome 2 ur new train wreck!U ppl r pathetic!U obstruct&resist 4 no reason except that ur all sore losers
trump can bring himself down we need dems to act & be for America
Perez needs to speak on hope change not one term
democrats need to stop the rhetoric of McConnell and his words about obama, America is tired of it
DNC went with an establishment candidate. There will be no Unity. They will continue to lose.

Yep, and HRC and you were elected.

Have fun!
Love how Milo just posted on FB Tim Kaine video where Tim is "deeply opposed to illegal immigration".
LOL Keep sinking ya far left liberal goons.


Thank you,

@TomPerez & @keithellison…
and what exactly does the 'deputy chair' do. Vice chair I know but deputy chair sounds like a figleaf.
when the most unenergetic person, check his pulse, talks about energy. #PoorLiberals #DNC
comming from a spectacularly failed VP choice I see problems in the DNC future.
Did you forget that you lost? The @TheDemocrats are losing seats faster than ice melts on the sun. #MAGA
I despise trump & @GOP. But this is terrible choice leaving middle wide open w far left focus
I concur
Yes the party taking shape
. What a ray of sunshine that team represents as well as class. With them we shall overcome
 energy? Laughable...more like actors, pit stirrers, liars.  #liberalcorruptionhattrick
@dongraff2 we are coming after you  @realDonaldTrump
I almost fell asleep just reading this tweet
RIP DNC, officially!
Remember when you & your running mate were so bad, you managed to lose an election to Donald Trump?
No. They'll just continue to fail like you did, you pathetic failure.
