Still can't believe Trump mocked the Pope. That alone should have disqualified him.
@JESBulldog @Pontifex Did you promise the Pope to defend Roe v Wade.
Thank you
What a blessing! Congrats!
Congrats for what?
Are you trolling? He's been guided to justice & service by his Cath. faith. Meeting the Pope is a big deal.
Not trolling. One can be guided to justice & service without adulation of a man who hasn't adequately addressed abuse by priests.
I had the privilege of seeing Pope Francis in Central Park last. sept, I was thrilled 
Why were you thrilled? He is just a man (I am sure he is a good human being) in a white dress!
Mr Kaine, did you talk to the Holy Father about your absurd position on abortion?
NY Bishop: Pro-Abortion 'Catholic' Politicians Imperil Their Souls, Create Scandal http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/michael-w-chapman/ny-bishop-pro-abortion-catholic-politicians-imperil-their- …
@MrDuckstep @Pontifex Did you ask the Pope why he says Muslim terrorism doesn't exist?
Why the yes vote on Ross Senator?
how's the pope feel about abortion
How we wish you were there as our Vice President!
@DeanDettloff  kaine 2020?
he's actually sadly a pretty slimy liberal. He's like Trudeau but in dad mode.
Mr Kaine, what did Pope Francis think when you said that women can morally choose to abort their own children?
Is he as cool in person as he seems?
the only time you'll admit to being catholic. Because he's a socialist global warming feudalist. #NOTMYPOPE
Very Proud of you Senator......Amazing!
What an honor. I hope to meet him, myself, one of these days.
dude...the Pontifex is just a man, another human.
But you're not a Catholic you numbskull. You've excommunicated yourself by supporting abortion and LBGT - U R Hellbound
Humbled? And you approved Wilbur Ross? Hey, Tim, I voted for you as vice president. What happened? #SeparationOfChurchAndState
Timmy, you are a fake "catholic".
KAINE CALLS HIMSELF A CATHOLIC? BUT HE CALLS FOR VIOLENCE AGAINST TRUMP SUPPORTERS
Don't go to Vatican City to discuss this crisis, come back, have a town hall and listen to your constituents
Senator, as a Protestant, I'm happy for you.  Please continue working to resist the #TrumpAgenda.
- he's misogynist Tim. He doesn't believe Magdalen was a disciple as history reveals. SHE is "disciple who Jesus loved "
even an agnostic like me can respect this pope....
this Catholic loves this!  How can I help?
so awesome!
Urgent need please @pontifex access His Majesties account at Italian Banc use as needed.
With my blessing.
HKOJ
your catholic? would never had thought that with your abortion views
nice, you are warm heart respect Catholic never forget it  amen
awesome!
u tell him u receive the blessed eucharist every sunday and then support the killing of children yea didn't think so
he's part of the satanist globalist take over
Yes I wish to meet him one day. Wonderful your meeting.
Love this and loved your mission in Honduras (seriously, I'm a Dorothy Day Catholic). But we need 24/7 pressure re:#TrumpRussia
n d 1st Book of Moses AKA Book of Genesis plus d #ApostlesCreed covers d New Testament cuz d #HolySpirit created #JESUS!
#ApostlesCreed wud be so powerful-->https://youtu.be/9DSIUfT0Lh4  cuz it covers BOTH d Old Testament God created everything &
POWER of d Word of God!! Also being Catholic U know about d #ApostlesCreed which I NOW say everyday & I never thought d
Like d pope will see how my current life situation not only proves that God is real but allows me 2 see d Hebrews 4:12
I voted for you but now I'm sorry about that. This church has destroyed women for centuries
you gotta be kidding me. What did he say about your abortion stance? Cafeteria Catholic = non Catholic. Clown
did y'all talk about abortion? Ya know, because you're such a good Catholic and all?
Lucky Ducky I Love Pope Frank!!!

We miss you Tim, very much~

wish I could meet him
2020
After Action report, please! But, for sure, only after that incredible Roman gelato.
That's nice. What are you doing to get rid of Trump? #TrumpRussia
Say On! Say On! Yessssss.
I say you sponsor any immigrant you want put your money where your mouth is. Pay insurance support employ and damages!
u advocate abortion. he knows ur a hypocrite.
He does not "advocate" abortion. He trusts women. Huge difference.
no. He advocates abortion. Clearly said so on the trail
Wow!
did you talk about your position on abortion too?
@POTUS As a Catholic, u should consider introducing legislation like the link below. What about the father and the
baby-now that a crisis also, don't u think.
Oklahoma bill that would force women seeking abortions to get
That's awesome Senator. Glad that worked out. Maybe we'll meet again at IAD Friday
man for others!
Pope Francis is the BEST!     We are all so lucky to have him!   He has been an inspiration to ALL (not just Catholics)!
exactly , just like nobody trying to be VP should give a Spanish speech in America
more refugees are coming if you dont warn #British Govt to stop Killing christian in Nigeria #StopBiafraKillings
Love you Tim.  Keep up the good work.
keep up the good work for who...if you say all of us. THAT IS WRONG. WHY are there rules to enter HEAVEN.
Blessings UUUUUUPPPP 
I hope tax payers didn't pay for this vacation.
Why don't you move to Turkey Timmy???????
No mention of the new and improved Count Dracula who can now be out in the daylight?
@Pontifex
i like the way you think...wondering though, who is the DRACULA YOU SPEAK OF.
i get it but what has the pope done 2 eliminate SIN he covered up the biggest GAY SCANDAL IN HISTORY OF MAN
pope is 2 inform us when we sin against GOD haven't heard peep from him he's to busy defending sex scandals
2 good men.
my father warned me. don't do as i have done. spend your life sensibly and avoid TEMPTATIONS OF SIN.
while you are there can you also ask him to send George pell home? Thanks x
where are the people ICE has arrsted?  Local jails?  Special 'containment' facilities? Where?
what about efforts to address religious intolerance in Nigeria?
there is corruption around the world. @POTUS is slowly eradicated them by his EXAMPLES.
Wishing you were our VP, Senator Kaine!!!!!
how could POPE accept handshake of poophead kaine JESUS came on EARTH to inform them of their wicked ways
How were you able to keep composure? : )
forgive me since POPE PIUS XII, popes have been all to silent to the atrocities POOPHEAD kaine believes in
cafeteria Catholics & neo-NAZI Pope & their little boy luv is another barf bag most of us would rather forget. NO!
how's the Russia - Trump investigation going?
hope u asked for forgiveness for supporting #crookedhillary
Why? Did you ask for forgiveness from Jesus for supporting your chosen candidate?
