Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
@ddd_deborah yeah let's give the Russians all of our secrets. That's Drumpfs plan. Sold out due to blackmail of a narcissist.
Any evidence whatso ever? Oh comey leaker was leftover from obad
and u think teaming up w/Russians 4 cybersecurity is smart? Trump rolls over 4 all things Russian.
You really don't understand how things work do you
Jeff, I understand a lot more than u may think I do. Regards nonetheless.
Then you know that to feel out ones opponent one might suggest something almost obsurd to guage reaction. DJT is smart.
yeah smarter than all the generals?
I am sure there r things he knows more about as well as they have their areas. But are we changing the subject to avoid what was said?
Donald J Trump and administration are treasonous traitors to America. Act.
Exactly what treason did they perform?
Collusion with an enemy against United States of America. What will take Trump down, however, are RICO and FISA charges for money laundering
Been liberal claims for monthe. No proof. How is that. Show me any evidence and I will weigh it honestly

Libs didn't corner the market on stupid lol
Accountable for what exactly?
I agree with Joyce for him to even think of working with the Russians in cybersecurity holy Moses he's giving us to the Russians
Or checking the pulse of the situation?
You shouldnt be in the business of being president. You lost.
Treason lies with #Democrats #HillaryClinton #BarackObama  @NancyPelosi  @JamesComeyFBI only COLLUSION#Bengahzi #IranDeal #IRS #RESET ..
#Iran still respecting the deal but #US treathening all bank investing ! This is the truth..!!
Hearing a Dem criticizing Trump for lack of backbone is the height of hypocrisy!  Silly little troll!
@realDonaldTrump how about Ukrainian help Why did HRC allow 20% of uranium to Russia tell truth
Trump Jr. did nothing wrong. He met a Russian lawyer tied to democrat party (FUSION GPS)  100% legal meeting.
ButtSore The Truth About "ALL YOU DNC PEOPLE" CAME OUT ! 
YOU LOST ! GET A BETTER CANIDATE NEXT TIME! SHE LOST IT FOR YOU NOT THE RUSSIANS!
Iran deal? *crickets*
Democrats attack our DEMOCRACY each day of their OBSTRUCTION!
Maybe you should tell that to your former running mate & educate yourself about 
#UraniumOne. Not all of us have mush for brains.
You REALLY said about DT jr TREASON? REALLY? LMFAO@u 
The way Obama did????
Appeasement and no backbone? That's your honest assessment of Trump? So thankful you have been reduced to Twitter.
Will NEVER happen. His #FakeEmpire is built from Russian $$. He won't ever take a hard stance w/Putin. This relationship began decades ago.
No- dems attacked r democracy by basically saying USA is controlled by Russia.
Tim Kaine talking about backbone! I love it!
POTUS had a backbone and showed the world how terrible you and Hillary would have been for America. Unlike your pastor who applauds you.
Speaking of backbone, where was Obama between August and January when he knew about Russian hacking? Golfing? Vacationing? Didn't care?
What other negative things?
Maybe he should have some sort of Russian reset..oh wait that was Hillarys idea.
You mean like the last admin appeasing Iran?  Or giving maybe giving uranium rights to a Russian company?
@realDonaldTrump   Mr. Kaine & DNC operatives need to be investigated for "TREASON"  
 http://politi.co/2jBNetH  via @politico
John Podesta & Hillary attacked our democracy.  DNC committed voter fraud, blamed it on a Russian unicorn, then murdered whistle blower.
You are one delirious, messed up, overpaid person with no credibility.
But the Iran deal is A-OK?
Like when Demycrats Ted Kennedy & John Tunney committed treason in 1984 to attempt to defeat President Reagan? Ok.
Then why do you 
How the hell did he get the votes to be a senator?! What start a damn WAR?!!! just retire before they boot you out come election day!
It was ok tho to appease Iran who chants Death to America regularly! When will you truly have America's best interest at 
Podesta Received $35 Million From Russia While Advising Clinton And Obama
This is you and your democRAT cohorts on Russia
Tim, when are you showing YOUR accountabiity and removing your terrorist son from our midst here in Minnesota.  Move him to ur basement
Really Timmy?
This old man is a first hand example of mental disorder.
Thank you Senator Kaine from a very worried Virginian. Please continue to do all you can to protect our nation.
Thank you Tim Kain for losing. That was the best thing you could have done 4 our country! God Bless America and Thank GOD for President DJT!
Oh like Obama didn't interfere w/ elections overseas? It's been proven he did. Quit acting like u Dems are squeaky clean. You have dirt too.
we both know he's not going to do that. question is if the GOP is going to stand against this.
Against what?
You're OK with the rigged Democratic primary though, aren't you?
#hypocrite
#PartisanHack
#BigGovSucks
Yeah where was Obamas backbone last August when he found out about the DNC getting hacked?
It was ok when Ted Kennedy got talking point from the kremlin against Reagan now you have been bathed in the lust of salvation ( losers )
Losing hurts, eh? How bout trying to get you and dems helping and not dividing? What a concept. @POTUS @FoxNews foxnews @CNNPolitics
This coming from a spineless Hillary Clinton butt boy
The @TheDemocrats attacked our democracy. Remember when Hillary had to cheat to beat Bernie??
You didn't have a problem w/Hillary's selling uranium to Russia for speech kickbacks. Hypocrite
You should know...your running mate appeased to the tune of 20% of uranium reserves. HYPOCRITE!
Your right Arrest Hillary.. And get President Trump to do it fast...
Preaching lies from a cracked glass platform! All while your crooked candidate in arms profits directly from her collusion while SecofState!
Kind of like with the help of your campaign Ukraine attacked your opponent?
#Liar
Should America be in the business of selling out uranium to Russia for personal profit like your running mate did? #Hillary4Prison

DNC insider released emails not Russia..What about clintons REAL collusion with Russia and Ukrain?
God will you give it up already?!? Trump has more backbone than OBAMA ever had and more than you will ever have. Treason? Really?? #MAGA
#draintheswamp that means you @timkaine and your #dnccronies @POTUS #maga
One of these days, Senator, I suspect you'll be asked to come clean on your collusion with the Russians. C'mon, we all know you did!
People who lost elections shouldn't be telling people that beat them what the American people want.
Let's hold Obama for Treason for putting billions on a private plane under cloak of darkness? Maybe H for pay for play with countries? Hmmm
Can you really say that with a straight face after 8 yrs. of embarrassment?
Appeasing Russia you say? 

#Skolkovo
#RussiaReset
#Medvedev
You are a joke Tim!
Maybe he should sell them 20% of our uranium, you don't seem to have a problem with that
@realDonaldTrump 
Cybergate just keeps getting better and better.
Then maybe you should ask Obama why he didnt do anything when he found out they were meddling.


LMAO. Now, you demand "backbone?" 
But it was OK for Obama/HRC to appease them in 09' when they pulled missile defenses in Poland/Chek? OK to let them roll into Ukraine?
Like #Hillarymilitarytech2China.
Like #HillaryuraniumRussia.
Like #ObamaflexibilityRussia.
Like #Iran Deal.
So when will law enforcement b knocking on .@timkaine 'a door
Why weren't the DNC's computers turned over to the FBI?
Do you really believe your own bs? You are pathetic at best. Every day I thank God you are not the VP with that crook!
was a set up and you fell for it.Rob Goldstone set this up and fusion gps hired the lady.Hillary colluded with Ukraine to meddle inelection
You mean like Obama did?
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/ukraine-sabotage-trump-backfire-233446 … What is Kaine's connection to Ukraine meddling in election for DNC?
So much #Collusion & so little time for the #FakeNews to organize before Putin & Trump go to work on the 2018 Mid-terms & the 2020 #Covfefe.
How's your son doing in prison?
Does Ukraine ring a bell? #demhypocricy
Didn't we attack Israel's democracy under the Obama administration? #letisthypocrites
@realDonaldTrump
That's rich coming from you who insidiously stepped down from @DNC chair to gain VP position with @HillaryClinton
How is that appeasing Russia? Sounds like that's exactly what America needs so we don't see all of the DNC's crooked emails and dealings.
Did U mention the Reset Button 2 your running mate @timkaine Oh & how about Obama/Kerry inaction after Ukraine invasion? Methinks collusion
Should we start with small nukes or just MOABs
America shouldn't be in the business of demonizing Russia. Nor should the DNC be rigging elections. #demexit
The US Government "fixes" or interferes foreign elections all the time but you do not care...dumbshit.
you cant even raise your children right, why are you in Senate? failureeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
You said Russia. And the 1980s are now calling to ask for their foreign policy back. Because the Cold War has been over for 20 years. OBAMA
So agree. Had I been president, Putin would hate my guts.
Like the last President who had knowledge of possible intrusion into our election last August?
Where possible: ISIS, Syria, N. Korea POTUS is right w/Tillerson to work with Russia if it is in our interests. U have no backbone. Want war
 Uhh Hillary sold uranium to the Russians and this is what pisses you off? Remove the beam from your eye!
Backbone like Obama saying he'd be more flexible with vlad...? Hot mic? Come on dude
Yea, did you try to explain to HRC/Bill they were a little too tight w/Russia...no?....didn't think so Why must all you politicians be liars
Are you holding Kiev officials accountable for quietly helping your national campaign with Hillary?
Americans shouldn't be selling 20% of our uranium to Russia in exchange for HUGE CF donations and overpaid speech bookings, you twit.
What are you & @HillaryClinton doing about this? She is the legitimate POTUS!
You should know about treason it runs in your family.
We Trump supporters have turned a deaf ear to MSM , just like democrats do with news on HRC and BO! MAGA
I am surprised you can even get through the day, being brain dead and all
Yeah, just like Hillbill when they sold U.S. uranium for Clinton foundation donation??
Since you are an avid outdoorsman, why don't you show Donald Trump Jr. what happened to traitors back in the early 20th century.
Clinton camp colluded w CNN & Brazile. The Clintons have been paid $mills & met with Ukraine at their embassy for dirt on Trump. #hypocrite
That sounds a bit too difficult for donny. I doubt he got achievement awards even in kindergarten
If we give him a gold star sticker now, will he go away?
Treason senator!! You are correct!!
Doesn't sound like "Russia Appeasing" to me, we do need to work with Russia on North Korea. Better than Obama & Hilary sold 20% of uranium!
You pander to the lowest common denominator, the people that suffer from the Dunning-Kruger effect. Worry about your Antifa Son instead 
Even Republican leaders have laughed at this absurd proposal by @realDonaldTrump

Your right @timkaine lets nuke them will THAT finally shut you up..
That's what #HillaryClinton did w/ #UraniumDeal #ResetButton  #Pay2Play sell office of SecofState & #Obama #IranDeal #IRS-targeting etc..
Her rest button with Putin was a good enough reason for a straight jacket
I think we should find actual concrete evidence, not just innuendo before starting WW3 don't you? Thank God you are NOT our VP.
Lay down libs, it's your strongest suit.
Is that why Hillary gave them 20%of our uranium production for a small donation to the Clinton foundation of a measly tens of millions of $$
Shit rhetoric, treason! You definitly are a sour apple! Maybe rather than resist, work for America, your batting "0"
You haven't a clue Tim.
US Democracy under attack from within its own Govt. Citizens' United handed .@GOP Dark Money Donors keys to WH, Congress, Courts. Traitors
Hold Hillary accountable for giving away usa secrets with a illegal server you help to destroy
His discussion sounds more like treason.
What do u think they were talking about for 2 hrs?  The next attack on American democracy!  Plans/deals for Drumpf to win next term??
Your potus not mine is weak! A puppet for Russia he knew all along Russia help him win.
You wouldn't know about backbone
This is perhaps Trump's biggest lie, which is saying something.
Didn't you know? The best way to prevent a thief from robbing you is to discuss with him the best home security options for you. Genius!
You mean like Hillary and Obama did
We need to investigate HillBill's Russian dealings.  We want her prosecuted for selling Russia our uranium for Bill's honorarium.
Yeah! He should have told Putin to cut it out!
LOL
You're a dumb ass.
Virginia can do better.
#GameOnVa #CUN2018
No one is holding the POTUS accountable. He is doing whatever he wants.
Yep,.. just like your fearless, inept, pacifist buddy Hussein Obama did! Timmy, why are you such a HYPOCRITE??
Negative things,would that be like making deals with russia & foreign banks to hide money launder?follow liar trumps money.backbone,lol,lol.
Cmon Man!
Also explain how John podesta got stock in Russia company if he had no dealings with Russia? Please explain how obama spying is ok?
20% of United States uranium. Why did Clinton foundation get over 100 million dollars? Please explain? If your so honest explain
Your idol Hillary had no problem dealing with Russia. Clinton foundation made a very lot of money from Russia when Hillary made the deal.
He's in league with them. He needs to be in handcuffs and his family too. Treasonous.
Curious if you could share any insight as to why DNC refuses to release its servers to intel?
So, he is handing over the keys to the kingdom to Putin?
Then why did Hillary do so much with Russia? Answer $$$$ traitor
Most important of this debacle is it showed Putin exactly the means to manipulate Trump. Sure he studied every nuance. Trump sat grinning.
Appalled in Mass.  Couldn't Putin have stopped the hacks in 2016?  Or when Obama called him on it?  I guess he wants those 17 intel reports.
Yep Obama showed a lot of backbone when they invaded Ukraine...you tired of losing yet?
MERRY DAY :)
If Congress cannot protect us from this tyrant, why should we remain in a country that is becoming a Russian satellite state?
Backbone?! Wow, the nerve you have @timkaine .@realDonaldTrump has shown more in 7 months than 44 did in 8years. You're oblivious to reality
Senator, pls call it what it is TREASON. Maybe you need to reread our Constitution.
This president will never show backbone @realDonaldTrump

Quit blaming @realDonaldTrump.Russia interfered n retaliation 4Hillary interfering with their election.
Russia didn't hack &release emails.Seth Rich did.I'm sure if dnc turned over server that would b shown.that's y y'all won't turn it over
You mean like Obama who knew about meddling before election.
Sure Tim, just like how Obama did right...?  Tweeting political spin so early today, eh?  
@TheDemocrats @YoungDems4Trump @GOP, @lmchristi1
That's right give them our secrets so they don't have deplore spy to still it. Sanction Russia. They are laughing at u
Are you kidding me dude? out to lunch!
@donnabrazile like this?

What was @POTUS44, @BarackObama colluding???
If Congress would impeach him, we wouldn't have to write tweets like this. #justathought
If you believe that then start treason charges against Kushner.
Yes so do something to get rid of these fools soon. Bernie to. He's not helping your cause and is one of the reasons we have 45
"Should show backbone" - you know he won't! Senators - you hold 50% of Senate - shut it down! Stop all action.
No proof...get real,, why is everyone against America getting along with Russia, especially the bleeding heart "friendly" libs???
The only people trying to "appease" our enemies are the subversive obama admin and you fraud progressives- you hypocrites will never learn.
It's up to our congress to do this. How??
Didn't your party live in the White House when all this attack supposedly occurred? Wasn't a priority then.

Dems need to work double time, get their stuff together, and get rid of Trump and Co. they are taking America down, fast.


Prove it. #Russiagate
Right...this has nothing to do with your loss...  Stop being a sore loser and man-up
I wish Obama had some. Even more...that you would have called him out on his lack of it.
Tired of the political hypocrisy. You should stop.
Trump show backbone ?he has none!
If YOU and your COMRADES are certain voter meddling has taken place, WHAT ARE "YOUR" SUGGESTED PLANS FOR THE 2018 ELECTION?  DRAFT PLAN YET?
