Breaking News: The EPA chief plans to repeal President Obama’s signature climate policy http://nyti.ms/2fXn1C7 
He's led by his own opinions not in facts. Not unlike his boss
They don’t care
What is it going to take to remove this insane moron in chief? Very worried he’s going to kill us all.
So what are you going to do about it?
Wish to hell I knew.
Honestly, until Congress works together, acts responsibly to remove @POTUS who is dangerous to our Nation you will continue w/ these tweets.
@nytimes  our country is lost.  Please help us
Clean energy is here to stay.  This symbolic gesture will only hurt those states that refuse to evolve and they will be left behind
Fight this policy reversal!  Clean air is essential, unlike the ridiculous promises made during campaign speeches.
Don’t worry, the rest of the world are going forward, and then you can join them 
We are already back to 1950: birth control, women's health, medical care, DACA, racial voting inequality-all n 9 months. What's next.
Congress needs to begin Impeachment procedures. Clearly unfit. You all know this. This is like a Greek Tragedy.
Everything this misbegotten administration does is woefully misguided, if not blatantly criminal.
After 8 years of the most corrupt administration in history, nothing @POTUS does rises to the level of criminality
Just following the first riders f their owners.
He never should have taken us out of the Paris Accord!
Market forces will determine whether coal makes a comeback.  Right now, natural gas is cheaper and will probably win out in the long run.
@nytimes nah not so much.
Yes I agree you are woefully misguided!
If you are from VA, be sure to Vote Tim Kaine out in 2020. He has no interest in the well being of the Commonwealth!
if it upsets you, it has to be good for america!  @realDonaldTrump all the way!
I hear a lot of talk of southern dem.leaving the party will MAGA in 2020 bunch of dam Russian bot voters enyhow.luv all ur hatefull tweets.!
MISSION: OBLITERATE ALL OBAMA
Do people know that Oil, coal and natural gas also receive tax credits. Pruitt's folly does not even the playing field.
And the people in SWVA are so thrilled. They feel like 45 finally came through for them, not giving two thoughts to the repercussions.
Woefully misguided is being too generous. More like incredibly stupid.  Let's just call it what it is..:)
Tim, CA is in a major crisis! Trump has so far said nothing, but did tonight salute Jerry Jones. Cuz CA is a blue state. Pence now! :(
Mr. Vice-President, you are so right. 
Respectfully, what can an average US Citizen do?
Call your Congress people OFTEN. Write them OFTEN, even a postcard. Join an Indivisible Idivisible group. Educate others. You matter
Can we repeal the EPA Admimistrator?
yes you certainly are
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THE POLLUTION FROM A VOLCANO.
What clean energy is ready to replace our current energy production?
We have to give up the idea that US holds a leadership position on anything on Earth right now. DT admin has put us back decades, not yrs,
I am sure I am not alone in that I truly can't take much more of this insanity.
Not to worry @timkaine we are racing to the bottom thanks to @realDonaldTrump!
Our current President took us from leadership in this to polluter.  I cannot abide this Administration on any front.
The U. S. leads no one, leads nothing, leads nowhere, leads at no time, under this leaderless administration.
I HATE THIS EVIL ADMINISTRATION
In other words, there isn't a deal for American progress that Trump won't break.
Remember Flink ?  Who knew about that 7 months before the press reported and Obama didn't do anything...UNTILL the media
Even the Supreme Court said Obama's EPA rules were unconstitutional and unlawful.. We won't be hurting the climate. I read the bill
"Woefully misguided" could be the theme song for this administration.
just like everything else from the admin at this point 
trump & co focus is only on policy, programs that have President Obama's name on them. It is a sickness.
You're right Timmy.....if Climate change wasn't a hoax
Thank you EPA Chief. Finally someone that wants to end the Obama era junk that was destroying this great country.
What does the "P" in EPA stand for again?
I thought I just read, and also watched scientist who said Gore's money making news, was a lie. Never true.
Jobs jobs jobs... this is why working people don't vote Democrat anymore
And so I am clear - this is at the behest of big donors who stand to make even more money? Fuck the environment- correct?
YOU need to get your ducks in order for 2020...ONLY YOU CAN BEAT THIS NUT AND FIX EVERYThING THAT HE IS DISMANTLING
You have find a way to stop them. They are doing this just bc it happened in the last 8 years. The partisan game has to stop.
Come on @timkaine. ..you know full well that our leadership on this issue is already eroded! !
Earth is as hot now as it was 50 years ago, yet we've paved everything in sight & put up a million buildings. Seems rather self sufficient.
Show good faith that Congress is going to heal the eroding "emotional climate" in this country. The shaming, blaming & lecturing of citizens
Why would they have it any other way. 
Well whatever President Obama's signature attached to it upsets 45 and his compatriots so much that they have to destroy it
Sadly, US leadership has already been eroded, but this continues to affect the whole world. (Commenting from New Zealand.)
Damn they are idiots! @realDonaldTrump
The whole @realDonaldTrump administration is setting us back a generation of progress 
Change theame to TRUMP and the fools will lt it stay
Not "would," "WILL." And apparently there is nothing we can do.
You're misguided!  Get on board with the TRUMP !!!
They do not care.
But not a surprise
If @BarackObama name is on it, our racist president does away with it.  He is dangerous.  Please impeach
There's no leadership in @WhiteHouse only petty political games & personal grudge fights epitomized by @realDonaldTrump feud w/ Sen Corker
You are bad news..for the people of Virginia..You don't care about the people
nice words but what are your doing to restrain, condemn and remove 45? Words are meaningless. We need action. NOW.
Who among our leaders that we your voters trusted with our democracy has the courage to put a STOP this INCOMPETENCY BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
Sen. Kaine..... what about their medical cost yrs down the road?!? ACA is being taken away by a madman. Breath.....
Lets toughen up the language here. It's not 'misguided'. It's boneheaded, malicious, and the product of corruption.
I think it should be the Anti-EPA Chief. Anything to try to get another dollar.
What US leadership? Trump has ceded America's leadership role to China and Russia.
Do something!!!
Is Pruitt protecting any part of the environment at the Environmental Protection Agency??
From the Morons who work for the MORON. Moron is perfect thank you Tillerson
You can't tackle climate change. The climate has been changing for thousand of years.
Ooops....thousands; if your talking about global warming then that's another issue. Real scientific data shows none for over 17 years.

This is awful.
How long before other countries start sanctioning us for our actions on climate, human rights, saber rattling, etc?
This is a bad dream! We are better than this!
Humans effect on climate change is less than 1/100%

Leadership? Below is a relevant example of Obama’s world “leadership” in these matters. I’d rather have jobs/energy
God help us!
Suicidal, you mean. Destroy the planet. Where do you go from here?
ETA of IMPEACHMENT ...
xAmerica is going backwards instead of going forward... there will be significant damage if we don't change!
Trump & his admin do not care about the cost or destruction! They’re agenda is to dismantle every act president Obama put into place! Period
In an administration full of gilded appointees who have little capacity for public service, Scott Pruitt heading the EPA is the most cynical
@nytimes you mean government-subsidized jobs that wouldn’t exist if not for government waste?
Sen. Kaine: If this was so important why wasn't it legislation instead of Obama energy dept. stepping out of line. Do things the right way.
Snakes on a Plane: Pruitt and his oil drilling fracking fool friends enjoying a toddy as they fly over our scorched earth.
I will just never understand why this administration is doing what they are doing. How can I even believe that any of this is right to do?
Thank you
Stop complaint & do your job!!!!
Climate change is a scam
What next?  Am I going to see @ScottPruittOK clubbing a baby harp seal. This administration is the worst
Hey, Trump.. while ur at it, just decree that the sky will never be blue, 1 & 1 is 3, cars are outlawed in favor of horses ... on & on..

How long are the rest of you in DC going to let this kind of stuff go on???
I don't understand how OUR gov is acting so casually about all of this. It's become a spectator sport.
@philipenemer    Well, of course The EPA Chief isn't known for his great brains...OR his caring about our planet & future kids
Horrible news.
Free Market leads the way- not 535 Million dollar Buddy systems. https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/specialreports/solyndra-scandal/ …

What can we do on a state level to keep business operating within current guidelines? Pruitt is so misguided and dangerous.
Believe this administration is working in erasing the task of previous President did.Not making an effort to do something new or better.
Just keeps money from redistribution to green mafia.
They don’t care about US leadership in anything.
This is a disgraceful irresponsible act by Trump's treacherous Administration!
Anything Obama did they want to undo. Not even toddlers behave that way #shame
U and ur DAMN Climate change Timmy! There’s REAL problems in the world  and all u care about is STUPID CLIMATE CHANGE! Wake up Timmy Boy!
What a horrible horrible administration
That is why WE elected Trump! Thankful everyday we have Trump in the White House!
He is determined to undo anything Obama did he doesn't care if it is bad for the country  !
The climate is always changing Trust in God...
I can’t take seriously anyone that RTs Ann Coulter.
We are headed for another Ice Age or another Ice caps melting.
It's a natural An Occurrence of our Earth
Sen Kaine, for Trump it's all about legacy and payback. Erode Pres. Obama and him getting paid. I'm worried about Russia drama and war w/ NK
Climate change 99% fundraising.
Woefully misguided. Like you and Hillary's campaign.
Hey, remember how Pence handed you your butt in the VP debates? I do.
They never choose what's right when it comes to undoing what Obama accomplished, even when it truly harms the only planet we have.
Trump is determined to destroy the United States. A totaly evil person we have to stop.
no, that was the last guy
Why do we only hear about repealing things? Where is the plan that outlines a better idea? I am growing very impatient with all of this.
We need solutions.
W,T.F. is WRONG with these people? WHY don't they get Global Warming & continuing 2 killing the earth is NOT an option!
because it is all bs!
Like the rest of this shit show admin?
That's the point right?

Let me think:   #Obama’s signature #climate policy. Over #regulation on new #energy & #kill jobs
dont let this happen plz!!!!!
This erodes US leadership PERIOD.
@nytimes shame u lost so bad in the election
Not merely misguided, but willfully malicious. They sacrifice the planet for coal and oil profits and one man's petty revenge.
This is the time I wish Twitter had a crying imoji
They don't care. This entire administration is PURE evil & only concerned with lining their own pockets. It's time to get rid of them all!
I guess they will be trying to erase President Obama from the history books next.
We can do that??? 
Everything this administration does is woefully misguided.
Who needs clean water or air? This president is disgusting!
@TheDemocrats must do something to rid us of the stain of Trump admin! How much more are we to take? Watching @realDonaldTrump ruin the USA!
Soon it will be time to organize and go drag them out of the WH! We can obviously rely on no one in a position of power to do anything!!!
It is morally wrong.

You don’t know that. People need to work, people need to feed their families. Yes, the forgotten is why you lost
45’s move will allow us to achieve that 3rd world/developing nation status so coveted by 45 and his cohorts. (This shortsightedness...SMH)
Most 3rd world countries have despicable dictators. America is no longer developing. It's unravelling.
Check into this story.  The Times has a problem with the truth.  I agree this is a bad idea.  But the goal of Trump etall is to erase Obama
Knowing Money can't buy time we should insure Wealth can't leave this Planet B4 they stop growing our Planet's Extinction-
Why doesn't Trump realize clean air impacts all of us. Rich and poor. Climate instability hits eveyone!
Admitting it would cut into profits.In Some ways he is a complete dumbo,in others he is criminally shrewd
There is profit to be made and jobs to be created in clean energy if someone just puts their mind to it.
What is WRONG with these punks?
They don’t care. If it has Obama’s name on it then it has to be gotten rid of!!
Durrka durr!
Wrong on all fronts.  A disaster for our planet and the future we leave our children.
This brings common sense back.  The past 8 years were woefully misguided and now you are seeing the correction. You can't change the weather
The @GOP position on environment protection boils down to, "it costs our rich donors too much money not to poison you & your children".
@nytimes Elections have consequences
Well then I guess it's a done deal...those items check off their agenda items
Trump accomplished nothing
Trumps gonna get us in a bunch of crap we won't be able to pull out of.
GEEZE TIM, DON'T YOU HAVE SOME EMAILS TO GO DESTROY WITH BLEACH BIT?  GOT A PRIVATE SECRET SERVER FOR SENDING TOP SEC EMAILS?
They say gov shouldn’t pick winners and losers. Isn’t that exactly what they are doing?  Picking the Koch’s as winners?
Why do they want to pollute our country? They are going to kill us all.
Oh shut up! That's not even close. The regulations are suffocating the coal-fired plants. Your feeble attempt at fear mongering is useless.
the only thing trump is interested in is unraveling Obama policies/legislation. Other wise 45th has accomplished "0"
Unraveling 44's shit is a great accomplishment!
It was another way to send our jobs overseas, get over it little Timmy, America First
How is that?  Now we lose jobs in one of the fastest growing fields renewable energy.  You a big fan of shitty coal jobs?
all the while the @VP uses tax dollars to protest for his baby boss @realDonaldTrump
Who needs clean air, clean water?
You mean more than it already has been?
Well it’s disgusting
Ya trump doesn’t care though.
Neither do those who voted for him.
