Automatic weapons are illegal, but devices like bump stocks that modify a gun to fire at fully-automatic rates ARE legal. That makes no sense. We introduced a bill today to close that loophole. 

…
And extended magazines
Again..  completely ignorant comment
Again....completely ignorant assumption
So u think hi capacity magazines would make a difference?????
It could make a huge difference depending on the situation.
Completely false.  Thats like saying I cant grt fat if i only eat with my hands.
YES!  Time for the #NRA & #GOP to stop their Collusion with each other!  We are sick 2 death of hearing about innocent people dying!
By the way democrats run the state and the city no one ever mentions these mass murders 513 in one year
I lived in Illnois for 11 & 1/2 years.  I moved from there 3 weeks ago 2 get away from the taxes, Climate & hearing about the Gang shootings
local taxes are not going to fix a global problem

the giant sucking sound perot warned us about is WAY bigger than dems in chicago can fix.
Thank you @timkaine for your efforts to keep not only Virginians, but Americans safer NOW & not at a later date!
The level of cluelessness from the left is absolutely astonishing.
Pretty sure Obama’s DOJ made those  legal.
You DO know that ANYONE can make those modifications. You don't honestly think a law will STOP anyone from modifying the weapon, do you? 
Yeah but it'll quiet people's fear.  (albeit irrationally) But that's reason enough don't you think?
AKA, the 'Least We Can Do' bill.
It’s not a loop hole. Obama administration ATF allowed the sale of the
WHAT a fool, your only taking that position because you know it will get passed,do u know you look like a male hillary?
Thank you for your attention in this matter.
Another reason WHY your NOT vice president of the United States!! Trump will never WIN!! Ha, looks like he did and will again in 2020!!
We also need a renewed ban on semi and automatic weapons, high capacity clips and tighter background checks.

How little you know. Bump stock was approved under Obama
I am pessimistic.  The GOP is more interested in protecting gun ownership than lives.
He was stopped only because no silencer? No one ever accused you of being informed, Senator, and no one ever will.
Where were you when Obama approved these in 2010???
This is crazy @NRA @SenateGOP are even ok with this device. I’m shocked anybody is ok with this. Sad sad sad.
If America wants this to change ban future sales of assault weapons. These aren't gang members these are otherwise law abiding citizens.
A ban on future sales would reduce, if not totally eliminate these killings

It’s not enough. We need better gun laws. Now.
That"s a good start but no one needs a stock pile of automatic weapons, and these purchases need to be tracked by more than just paper trail
Be sure to ban dowel rods while you are at it. Can be used the same as a bump stock.
And old white guys
Thank You for being who you are, it was the catalyst of your ticket losing the Presidential election, thank you again !!!
thank God you and that nasty old bitter woman aren't at the helm.The only action you take is that of an idiot with no sense at all
Just saying Tim Kaine doubles down on Clinton's post-Vegas silencer claim, gets fact-checked
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/10/05/tim-kaine-doubles-down-on-clintons-post-vegas-silencer-claim-gets-fact-checked.htmlhttp://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/10/05/tim-kaine-doubles-down-on-clintons-post-vegas-silencer-claim-gets-fact-checked.html …
Tim do you and your party make it a habit of commenting on subjects on which you are ignorant.  Subjects like . . . Just about everything?
.  thats under 44’s admin FYI
Thank you for taking this step. We look forward to your continued leadership and loud, public and unwavering opposition to the gun lobby.
Why hasn’t he said anything about the gun violence every day in chicago or intercity, 513 in chicago guns r illegal
BTW, why open your mouth & make a false statement about something you don't know the FACTS on ? B/c you're LIAR! It's a HABIT! Stop Lying TK
When America has Lying Traitors tearing our country apart from within, which is more dangerous?a Russian or the Lying Traitors from with in?
Let's call our senators and congress
#democRATS

And #murder
They're all Democrats! None of them are members of the NRA! 

#WednesdayWisdom
http://atlantablackstar.com/2017/10/03/country-white-domestic-terrorist-nra-wants-make-sure-not-labeled/ … via @atlblackstar
Hate to tell you and Di, but that will do NOTHING. It's not a complex mechanism and the utility of it can easily be duplicated. So...either you're just doing this for "appearance" of doing something or you really are ignorant of what you speak.
You permitted it in 2010
No one in Congress seems to hv known abt this loophole. Why? What else is out there?? Need to ask right & better questions of gun industry.
Oh you mean that bump stock law Obama signed... It won't happen.
This needs to be just THE BEGINNING! WE ARE SICK AND TIRED OF ALL THIS GUN VIOLENCE!!!
Thanks to @BarackObama his ATF made #LasVegasMassacre possible. Maybe you a parrot @HillaryClinton ignorant comment a third time.
Your take on suppressors is void of fact and science. I wish you politicians would actually do some research before talking about stuff.

Washington Post Fact Checker gave Kaine “Two Pinocchios” for his comments. On guns
Brain dead idiots machineguns are legal. Contact BATF and get your stuff in order before you spew.
Neither you nor the other dipstick, Feinstein, know how it works. And call things "loopholes" to scare ppl.
LOL & where were U & Feinstein when Ovomit legalized thte "bump stock" via ATF? U/Ovomit/Feinstein/demonrats have lots of blood on ur hands!
You can ban these but u can still accomplish it without using a bump stock device. You can simply use your finger and manipulate the weapon
Disgusting how some Republican Senators have to be DRAGGED into supporting this bill. Like they have a gun to their head or something?!
Just ask anybody there how they feel the ones wounded
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA L O S E R
Listen to the LVMPD radio tapes. The officers reported the muzzle flashes at Mandalay, not the echoing sound. Another Biden moment, Timmy?
Please focus not just on particular hardware but on rapid firing & magazine size. If it fires like an automatic weapon, regulate it like one
Brave stand there Pinocchio
You can't even read straight. They almost fire like a automatic weapon! Between you and clinton, we are a lucky nation, you were "TRUMPED!"
Democrats have rendered the term "loophole" as insignificant. It seems to be your only excuse for wanting to subvert the 2nd Amendment.
Harvest Festival Las Vegas 10/5
58 Murdered 
489 Injured   (35 critical  172 hospitalized)
547 injured physically 20K psychologically scared
Good. Now do more.
Please oppose all bills that would allow reciprocatity, silencers, or lessens existing laws for background checks, etc #TimeisNow
Thank you
please stop the insanity of the gun enthusiasts!
Now how is one more law going to stop EVIL? 1942 you'd have banned the dangerous MG42 loophole. Nazis would laugh at you. Evil won't obey.
Reality:  it was the Obama admin that wrote the opinion giving the go ahead for bump stocks. Kaine needs to stop the bs.
Anyone one who knows anything about fire arms DO NOT NEED BUMP KIT to change rate of fire on any rifle.
You know nothing about silencers. It does not silence rifles. It suppresses only.Still very loud.
More liberal democratic bs. Have toughest guns las I'm the country in Chicago and has the highest murder rate I'm the US. Silence from dems.
If GOP is truly the pro life party, they can to prevent these killings. They have no problem curbing women's civil rights. #nokillzone
@SenFeinstein shut up timmy !
Ur comment about silencers & guns was stupid, yet u claim Conservatives r science deniers. Ur ignorance of basic physics/truth is stunning
Thank you. Big steps, small steps, all steps.
TY for taking this one, small step to make all Americans safer.
its almost literally the least we should do.... only thing less would be sending our "thoughts and prayers"
Thanks for all you do.  -A TX @momsdemand member
THANK YOU SEN. KANE
Bump Stock what????  Why are Dems settling for this?  Where's the call for a permanent assault weapons ban?
I sincerely wish you Good Luck with this bill. The Congressmen paid off by NRA will fight you tooth & nail. I wonder what they"ll tell God when their Judgement Day comes, when He asks them why they used their government positions to make themselves rich, rather than help people.
Thank you Senator Kaine for taking up this fight. This is absolutely insane.
Yeah wtf was obama thinking allowing this???
Thank you. Please keep signing bills.
I'm an ex ranger sniper. You have no clue to what your talking about. First know the facts before you bloviate. Just makes you look ignorant
Your son has bump stock mods on his rifles. He’s exempted?
Thank you Senator for doing what's right for the people.
How about the gun show loophole? Please shut them down!
They should both be illegal. Period.
They also sell devices to make guns automatic too not just bump stocks
It's scary to think of the person thinking today that he needs to buy a bump stock before they are outlawed. Yesterday is not soon enough
Push it through, Tim. The saner minds in this country support it.
We need new SSN. PUtin hacked Equifax. GOP Gives IRS big new contract
The peoples right to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.
Thank you.
THANK YOU!!  Follow this bill to fruition.
SILENCER IS THE NEW RUSSIAN HACKER!
Thank you for taking action with @SenFeinstein we need to close all loopholes &provide gun safety measures @SenBillNelson pls support this
You can keep your "undocumented immigrants" and I'll keep my "undocumented bump stocks"
Too little too late tim as usual people that want them have lots of them maybe you dimms could go door to door and ask politely for them
I’m sure just like the dimms foreign policies it will work out good for you. Kill em with kindness and American greenbacks
The law exists http://already.you  are so stupid.anyone with money can get what ever they want anytime they want,everything has a price.
Thank you. But we have to do more.
What a joke the easy state to get a few permit,all on line ..I'm in nj and I have a Virginia carry permit.what a hypocrite.
Great! No more people putting springs behind gun barrels after that bill is signed, eh? Good work, senator. How to enforce?

Thank you!
Hahaha. Another useless bill. But hey, it’s a photo opp right?
Do you all have lunch together so y'all can say the same thing
Lip service by Dems.
You and the rest of the democrats are useless.
Thank you!
How about doing a better job at ending the call for violence.!! You own this mess.
Time for HATE control
@BarackObama and the @ATFHQ already greenlighted it.
Don't forget trigger cranks
Thank you, I’m grateful.
Gun Control 20 yr mandatory sentence for illegal use of a firearm, kill someone public hanging within 30 days, not sure anything stops evil
@SenFeinstein  thank you both.
Yes!
Think that’s the name of our gun sanity campaign: We Have To Do Better.
Timmy, the Founding Fathers implemented 2nd Amendment, so, in the event the Govt went against “The People “, “The People “ can defend agains
The problem is democrats , The Las Vegas shooter was a democrat, Congressman shot by a democrat. 97% of felons are democrats.
Tim here's a suggestion put one in your mouth and squeeze, we will handle the rest after you're done
First small step to rid America of our gun insanity
Maybe your son knows this guy - he had Antifa info Conflicting data points cloud narrative for Las Vegas massacre => http://www.worldtribune.com/conflicting-data-points-cloud-narrative-for-las-vegas-massacre/ …
DO IT, Tim!
As long as there are unregulated gun shows, it’s open season.
What makes no sense is passing out paper towels in a devastated country!
We need a National Memorial to honor Second Amendment Martyrs, with all their names. They outnumber dead in all US wars combined. Ongoing.

How will that stop someone with evil intentions? You're wasting your time.
Thank you, thank you Diane and any & all Senators who back this sensible bill!
As gun owner I have to agree. Fully auto guns are illegal. Devices that give guns fully auto characteristics should be illegal as well
TY Senator Kaine for supporting Common Sense Gun Laws
Get your facts straight Tim
Thank you, but this is only a first step. Hard fights ahead.
It’s a start; after 2018 midterms, it will be time to go full throttle on gun control.
'#loopholes' are #FakeNews.
the problem is and has been Democrats with guns.  Every mass shooting in recent time has been by a democrat
You guys have a very limited vocabulary. Another loophole? Go ahead and label this gun control rhetoric as first reason you lose big in 2018
Specifically, who are Those people against universal background checks? Let's start with their names. Public shaming works in other arenas
http://wurdsfromtheburbs.blogspot.com/2015/10/another-mass-shooting-ho-hum.html …
CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP CHIP
Please legislate for mandatory firearm education classes for owners, similar to drivers education. Thanks.
Thank you!  May this be the first of many steps towards getting the gun control laws we need.
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Thank tumor Senators Feinstein and Kaine for bringing this matter to the legislative body!! Gun control must happen now!!!!
Thank you!
We don't need AK 47s etc either.
More then 500 thousand abortions are done every 6 months and no one wants to stop planned parenthood you all suck .it's murder without a gun
I want reasonable gun control measures passed immediately!  We have concerts, movies, classes to go to and we want to live!
One small step.  Pull the silencer bill too.
Loser go away
Do more than close the bump stock loophole. Newtown did not involve bump stocks.
So are illegal immigrants fix that too liberals
It’s a no brainer. Get it done. And more.
@SenFeinstein closing the bump stock loophole not enough. We need Australia style gun reform. #ourrighttolive
I think you can do more than just a bump stock bill.
I want to know what you and your other senators did for 8 years prior to this shooting!!! Why do we have to wait for such a tragedy !!!
Thank you, Senator!
Have to do better than that. Reinstate assault weapons ban! Neutralize NRA-campaign finance reform!
.@timkaine Does this include trigger cranks as well?
Thank you! We’re counting on you to fight for us - just like you did on healthcare!
Thank you!
Thank you!  Common sense legislation to curb gun violence is so important and reasonable
Thank you Sen Kaine
That makes sense. Isn't the common factor of violence hate. Devisive idenity politics and class warfare hurts not helps America.
Bump stock loophole ingenious people will always find a way to provide what government prohibits c drug war its called liberty get with it
Thank you! It is also time to repeal the 2nd Amendment. Then no more hiding behind a dubious and anachronistic "right." #RepealThe2nd

Act!!  Don't react!!  Too little, too late!!
Republicans must be forced to pass this bill.
Stop  lying  When you say ,#gun safety (dog whistle) for #gun ban. Liberals are so #sleazy
When has anyone taken your guns. Sleazy You sound like you need a good background check.
Why didn't you do this 8 years ago so Sandy Hook, Pulse, and Las Vegas could've been avoided?
Ask GOP & NRA
Dems had their chance with full control of the house, senate and presidency for 2 years and weren't interested. It's on EVERYONE's shoulders
It was a Republican congress who rejected any D proposed measures after Sandy Hook.
#thoughtsandprayers
BOTH parties share responsibility.
Keep fighting for us
You are living proof we must enact Senate term limits.The Soros-Clinton-Obama Corruption Syndicate pull your strings.
You're missing Rush's show!
Need a ban on semi auto guns.
You can quit w/ the staged tragedies to sway public on gun laws. Cat's outta the bag. Americans won't be bullied by corrupt politicians
