He is under no obligation to do so
Personally, I do not care if he provides his tax forms. There are lot BIGGER issues to content with like our debt, jobs, radical jihadist.
Who cares. He has the option and chooses to keep them private. The one that came out shows he pays more than most make so get over it!
What came out didn't give us the info we need. Who does he owe? Putin?
A tax return was published. And need for what? it is the irs not russia that he paid taxes to. The tax deductions taken legally same as you.
In his case golden color like the cufflinks he gave Charlie sheen. Told him they were so expensive! Pot metal from china lol!!!!
But they did say Trump on them...
THE DONA)D DOESN'T HAVE  ANY!!!   He Never Paid Taxes !!!!!
Thx 4  for sponsrg legislatn rqtg pub candidates 2 submit their taxes. should be a given. Djt's non-compliance is disrespectful 2 americans
The election is over and you got crushed. Get over it.  The man is not required to release the returns. He will not be subject to your whims
meanwhile, the idiot in charge of the asylum thinks #taxmarch was paid & staged! please tell him this is not a reality show! #wethepeople
You missed the @maddow moment? Trump paid almost THIRTY MILLION in taxes in ONE YEAR. Get over yourself.
One year (to cover his a$$ in a law suit) does not a taxpayer make. Read the back story.
then Republicans need to stop quashing all attempts to view DT's taxes.
I bet money that if he did release his taxes it would be over a nice salmonella custard at the Maralago dessert buffet.
Release them like Hillary released her emails. Oh, wait - hammers were used to destroy evidence. I want to see Sharpton's tax returns.
Why is he getting away with all this, Trump should release his tax returns. What's he hiding?
Yes his should  release his tax returns what  he is  hidding from everyone.  He not hesitate to allow 3rd party Co to buy our personal info
Maybe he'll see your tweet
Yes when Hillary releases her emails
I am going to start a partition EVERYONE who represents the people in DC should release their tax returns. Son on lockup yet???
Sadly, he doesn't know what the right thing is. Never did. Never will. We all learned that in kindergarten. Did he fail kindergarten?
You should release yours too.
Make it a law so "fringe-dwellers" like Trump can't skirt a customary tradition by otherwise honest Presidents. This is not real estate!
Nope. Not with the DemPersecution of anything to do with anyone supporting our Republican. You have your son rioting in a mask...ur insane
#45 RELEASE YOUR TAXES!
He should but he won't unless there is a bill passed and that won't happen!
@RepGoodlatte. Why must your VA Senators demand the right thing while you hide from VA-06?  Why no call for DT's tax returns?
Guess I am one of the 36%.  Why don't you focus on what is going good.
@ProudlyLiberal2 @axios Doing the right thing is the last thing on this evil wannabe dictator's mind.
#ReleaseTheReturns #ReleaseYourTaxes #TaxMarch #ImpeachHisArse
He has paid more in taxes than Hilary and Bernie. U must not watch ur own network.
It's not about what someone paid.It's about who might be able to influence or curry favor like the 100s of mil trump owes to Chinese gov
Oh u also mean like the millions Hilary took from the Saudi government and selling off 20%of nuclear power to Russians.
You might want to dig a little deeper on that one.
Believe me I've done my homework. Unlike some uncivilized ppl we will have to agree to disagree
I ask you Senator Kaine why republicans keep blocking the release. If so many agree that this is the best thing to do.
I don't  care. Work for va. Not dem.
You're a fraud, why would anyone want to chum the waters they're swimming in?
Yes he should. It will tell us a lot
Timmie.  Where is your outrage over Susan Rice unmasking or Benghazi facts. You're delusional and are not looking out for Americans. #maga
Just as obama should have released his birth certificate & Hillary should release her 33,000 white washed emails. Let's be consistent.
We all know he won't.  Yet another promise he made and has since broken
But they won't force it. Cowards.
He will never disclose them. @realDonaldTrump has too much to hide.
But you know as well as I do that that will be his demise
Release tax returns and stop wasting our tax dollars w/ golfing trips!!
The IRS can't be auditing forever :-)
Another bullshit DNC poll. Are you sure it wasn't 98.1% of Repubicans? EVERY Republican I know say he must NEVER show his tax returns.
Unfortunately, not the weaklings in Congress who keep voting not to force him to release them. #WeWillRemeber #VoteThemOut
He is under FBI investigation. Why is he getting away with all this? Pls. Tell me what will it take to get him out of the POTUS JOB?
Is everyone afraid of his lawsuits and threats? What does it take to Impeach this man?
He refuses To comply, he lies, he colludes with Russia, he tampered with the elections to win, he has a  friendly relationship with Putin
I too would like to see your tax returns.Donald Trump....
I question why the rest of the Republicans (don't) want to see them....I think that's odd Sen. Kaine. Have a Very Happy Easter Sunday. ;)
It ain't required but Trump's hiding his taxes Hello lied about the audit preventing him, he claims no one  smart enough 2 read it
@RepComstock ALWAYS votes NO on this...hmm...makes a gal wonder #TrumpRussiaCollusion @LoveIndivisible
about as critical as you relieving in the ladies room. Is this all you got ?
Except he's not required to release them, is he timmy?  Between Trump's taxes & russia, your batting 1000 at losing!
How about getting rid of Trump's tax returns with Trump along with it? @realDonaldTrump is a useless impostor who's milking the taxpayers.
Those who don't are enabling a possible criminal
And you should release va
Nobody cares what you think. You had just better start sprucing up your resume.
.I want to see a Trump supporter beat the crap out of woody snowflake
Are libtards mad about neil?
No one cares
Go get the #DarthVader #TaxiVader!
Your a week Senator, go be with your family
American could care less. Nothing but a democratic fake taking point. We'd all like to see Crooked Hillarys email's.
My goodness, Senator, you lost fair & square, so give it a rest! Why not reduce ann deficit or do something beneficial for citizens
Are you serious? That would mean a paper trail into his nefarious and anti-american activities. An egomaniac and narcissist does want that.
@POTUS. Release your taxes. The people demand it.
Come on Donald just do it
We don't care about his returns!! We only care about OURS!! He won! YOU Lost! Get over it!
It most certainly is the right thing to do, you and I know that, but sadly DJT doesn't know right from wrong. No moral compass
rep Tom Garrett said at the not quite a town hall in Cville that he would sponsor a bill to make it law.
why?? Because your nose hurts?? Get over it.
#TaxMarch
The right thing to do would be for you and yours to remember your country!
Nope. None of your business.
Not really concerned about his damn tax returns, like it or not he is the pres & I'd prefer potus (he or she) focus on the world's madness
You lost. Give it up
I do not care about @POTUS tax returns what was important is that you and Killery @HillaryClinton not be President or VP and America spoke
The world has left you behind. Continue looking for tax returns, when are you releasing yours? How does his tax returns solve hunger?
Should've helped Hillary won the election!!! Then we wouldn't have Trump!
No women yet again in WH pictures of him trashing rights against women
Heck, don't want to see my own tax returns, much less his.  Dismantle IRS and flat tax everyone.  Even senators, reps and yes, #POTUS.
Well the GOP senators and congress keep blocking access to the taxes, eve though bills came up to pass bills to get taxes.
I want to see you all at work more than 8 days a month.
Please help to keep pressure on Republicans to see his tax returns
This is what I have been screamin!!!!! Come on @timkaine get 45s impeachment going @realDonaldTrump THE US IS DEMANDING YOUR TAX RETURNS
Timmy, It's OK your running mate donated money to the charity THEY OWN, then took a tax break on it?? His return was "partially" released!
... so we may await with him the coming of the third day, and rise with him to newness of life; through Jesus Christ our Lord.
Amen.
He NEVER will voluntarily. He needs to be forced to.
But they are ALL being audited. Such a #liar
Except the ones who keep voting no
Keep pushing Tim!
Omg! Get off of it. We don't care about his taxes. You Kaine are a joke.

Obviously our ELECTORAL president has something to hide.
How about reminding everyone the GOP has the power to get them
True that.
Dems shouldn't say it is the right thing to do, it is the must do! Trump got the presidency through collusion and taxes are it is exposed.
Isn't there someone at the IRS with a "KMA" card who has access to Trumps taxes??
Y'all really need to get a life. Still crying about his tax returns. There is more important things going on. WTF
he doesnt care he is trying to earn his dictatorship & ppl are allowing him to do just that Time to step up the dems game
What @POTUS hiding? It must be a lot.  Time for @realDonaldTrump to release his tax returns or resign the presidency!
Can't you come up with something better?  Like, say...uuummm #Russia or something 
Manafort, Flynn, Page, Putin, Cyprus, Azerbaijan...the returns would likely prove that he is owned by Russia or China or both.
Milquetoast behavior hasn't gotten you anywhere
So roughly one quarter of the people who voted for 45* wanted his tax returns but voted for him anyway!?! #CDS #smdh
.@realDonaldTrump @HouseGOP @SenateGOP He doesn't have the right to even discuss tax reform until we see his tax returns. #TaxMarch
Can we finally get a look at Meredith McIver too? (Please RETWEET) #TaxMarch
How about cutting off his travel expenses. He's gonna bankrupt this country.
#TaxMarch #TrumpRussia #TrumpColluded
Little more concerned lately about nuclear war.
We also want to see him arrested for violating the RICO Act of 1970!
Can't wait to see you voted out of your seat...
Witnessing Tax March right now!  Fully support transparency in government which applies to anyone who decides that they want to be president
He will do whatever he wants, none of congress makes him accountable
What do you read posts b4 posting? It is not required by law. Who is going to govern that. Silly twit.
about time!!
@timkaine can you all please work on a plan to impeach him please before he gets us all killed?
Personal and business for 5 years
Don't make me regret voting for you by demonstrating you can lower yourself to the same level of pettiness as @POTUS. Move on; fight bigger.
YES NOW MORE THAN EVER
Can you get off this and move on to something more substantive- like the undoing of our foreign and domestic policy? Stop beating the horse.
sounds like td
I demand you release yours. Every year of public office + 5 years prior. Failure to do so will mean ur hiding something.
Senator, I hope congress can pass legislation requiring tax returns to run for pubic office. What is he trying to hide?
Yes! Taxes and an independent investigation into The Russian connection!
So, make him.
Would u find anything positive or no
don't care!
Why doesn't the Ways and Means Committee force him too? It was my understanding that they are refusing to do so. Thus, they are complicit.
Are you marching @timkaine #TaxMarch
Yes!  Let's see those returns!
Voters would rather the President carryout campaign promises than push Dem agenda of getting nothing done while running their mouths.
What difference @ this point does it make? Get working on business of country, stop obstructing. Elections have consequences #Bipartisanship
proof of lies
Back to 1st part where quoted Hillary Clinton: " What difference @this point does it make?" Elections have consequences, it's over, he won.
Do they have to march Trump's golf courses for him to notice?
We can't do it! Why don't you?
BY NOT SHOWING, HE LETTING PEOPLE KNOW THAT THEY CAN CHEAT ON THEIR IRS FORMS.  HE'S NOT REALLY A LOYAL AMERICAN ! ! !
How the hell do you get that. Every form has been vetted by the dem irs dor 8 years
These 23 republiCON lemmings voted against going after #TrumpTaxes -- Mitch McConnell, Paul Ryan not done w/ Donald just yet...
Can the GOP really make him release his tax returns? Won't believe it until seen @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
GOD ,HE MAKES YOU LOOK LIKE IDIOTS!
I'd love to see you release your SAT scores. I can use a laugh #TaxMarch
Don't care about his taxes or your taxes. Give it a rest
No, Tim, it is 64% Dimms interested in tax returns! We Republicans couldn't care less!
Wrong again Wanda
He should, right after Obama releases his college transcripts. You know, the ones that show him as a foreign student.
Did you know that Obama is out of office? He can't re-elected for a third time. So you can let this go.
Why not outrage @ OBAMA golfing 5,500 hours and using over 84 million $$ in tax $$ to fund his lavish vacations. Why because u don't care.
We demand INVESTIGATION into THIS.
Why should any citizen release their tax returns?  Even the government's own agents have to get special approval to review a citizen's taxes
#ShowUsYourTaxes
Tim, w/all that is going on in the world, you are still stuck on Trump's taxes. @realDonaldTrump won! Voters didn't care about his taxes.
Because it will most likely expose him for the criminal and con man most have always known he was. He should hv divested.
excuse that Trump can't because there is something in there that would cause him problems is astronomically partisan/danger to the country
and you believe that rumor why?? get a life!
I am more worried about N. Korea nuking our ass and you should be too !!!!!!!!!
Wouldn't these be subpoenaed as part of Intel Comm Hrg?
Include me in the 64%
Who cares

Who needs #Easter or #Jesus or #Family when you can spend you holiday weekend bitching about Trump #TaxMarch? Dems are living sad lives 
So you are good with the gross amount of money this family is spending on their personal travel?
Hey, Tim, the public doesn't care. Just you lefties that have nothing else.
You are a sore loser, nobody wanted you as a VP 
He is such a fraud and a liar.
Someone please explain "right" to him. Morals, integrity, and rational behavior seems to bypass his self-interest radar.
America's not interested in President Trumps tax returns, ask Rachel Maddow. Now getting at crooked Hillary's emails would be of great int
#GetaLife
You have sunk to a new low clownface 
TIM KAINE. remember you work for us. Not your vendetta against Trump. If you can't work with him, excuse yourself so a real politician can
We don't care! You're not entitled to see them. It's not a requirement for office. There are more important matters to tend to. Move ON!
.@JeffFlake AZ senator just told a townhall that he didn't think trump must release his taxes. We all want @JeffFlake voted out in 2018
Why don't you release yours? While you're at it, explain the insider stream of income from your investments in Co's affected by legislation
I think everyone elected to gov offices should do this.
http://Axios.com ? Really bro?  
No, Tim. We want the piss tape.
this is so fake you can't believe anything this guy tells you, lost the election by a landslide there's a reason for that
Yes-We Care! #WeCare  #ReleaseTheReturns
Thanks for doing your job!  I wish you were our Vice President.
Hahahaha
Loser
