Everything about Trump is short on details.  He has proven for 97 days how inept and ignorant he is about EVERYTHING.
You had 8 years & didn't do a thing for average guy while you got richer. Pathetic
You say that yet support #obamacare where niddle class familues pay 900 a month with a 14k high deductible ?!?!
Let me know how #trumpcare works out for u if they push it thru in original form  
It's not a plan. It's a wish list for the rich. Pretty good odds of passing. A wish list for the poor or middle class would be doomed
I support a lower corporate tax rate, but only in conjunction with a significantly higher rate on the top personal.
And increase taxes on short term gains above labor based income. Long term gains taxes should be on par with middle class labor income.
No it's not. The details are it benefits him & his family. That's what this is all about. This isn't normal. #resist
Gabbard Sanders 2020
You are another reason the current tax code is 9,000,000 pages. Give up. Quit. Go back into your box.
And tRUMP must disclose his tax returns to prove there is no conflict of interest.
And must include his tax returns. How can we know how he and/or his family will benefit from his proposals. This is how dictators start.
Maybe you should start listening to what's being said instead of just creating it in your mind
With rising #consumer #tax (tariffs) - and a tax cut - prices are going to go up. Will that raise in profit find its way to working ppl?
And as long as the DNC keeps representing the billionaire class instead of the working class they will continue to lose.  Corporate whores
Absolutely! Stay strong!!
And you are short on knowledge and what the American people want.
Thank you, Senator Kaine, for your leadership.
Get this tax reform done.  We have to have growth which has been absent in many years.  What spending cuts are you bringing forward to help?
And yours does?
You're short on details yourself.  What do you want? Higher taxes?  Make a stand for something for once.
Your such a nanny. People want government out of our lives.
Every time Trump does some horrible despicable thing remember this. . . #BernieWouldHaveWon
It looks like he is going for trickle down economics. Must be stopped in congress.
Amazing, after 8yrs of economic 2% malaise, this comment is the best U can do? Read today's WSJ  and get educated.
@realDonaldTrump is short on a lot and we shouldn't be surprised! #persist and #resist
Hilarious that the GOP deletes the Estate Tax (death to their family money tax) so that the US government loses revenue to pay for VA
Explain to me why the govt should take what I earned from my children when I die
it does
Your problem is that your unwilling to except the fact you loss. Try working with the other side and get something corrected
Short on reform and plan and details. It was more of sort of a tax 'announcement.'
Not much for average citizens.I think the proposed cuts for corporations & wealthy will cause terrible budget deficits w/o  economic growth.
I want to know about how this will help or hurt single small business owners.
and not be a one pager double spaced? My high school senior can do better than that!! #resist
We all know this is a regurgitated trickle down tax cut for the top 1%.
I read numerous details on line today. Maybe you can't understand the details.
Potty, I mean, Donnie doesn't care about middle class.
senator those two groups do not exist in @realDonaldTrump world, so why should he care. He has built his fortune on the back of the poor.
It really appears to me that it isn't so much a plan as a gimme for very rich people and corporations.
Short?? @SpeakerRyan says we can do it on a post card! And that one pager @PressSec handed out - off the hook! Please get these crooks out
Vote No, Senator Kaine.  Single parents should NOT have to pay more in taxes than married.  This tax "plan" is ridiculous.
No to any tax cuts until we see Trump's taxes.
GOP doesn't give a damn about MIDDLE class. Only the RICH!
You lost.
Not in trump's mind.
It should also exempt catastrophic medical expenses, esp. when Rs are trying to kill that.
Shut up. You don't get a say. You lost.
WoW under That Guy tax plan the government will loose 4 TRILLION IN TAX REVENUE! This is unacceptable 
#Trumptaxes
please add the environment, elderly, poor, disabled to your list.
@suejohnston56 tax cuts should mostly go to middle class and poor people,because those are the people who will spend the money
Senator Tim, please save America.
With love,
Taxpayers
And Trump's tax returns for transparency
Adding to health insur prem for pre existing cond but taking away the medical deduction? Trump is short of brains.#resist
And if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor DUH!
That's ok though, because it will be DECADES before u have a Dem as POTUS! Hahahahaha Hahahahaha Hahahahaha
Fight him! More trickle down economics - remind him of the huge deficits under Reagan that Clinton had to clean up!
You know Kaine, u n Dems are totally negative on anything POTUS puts forward, why not just say it u won't support ANYTHING POTUS does!
.Just send Snowflake Woody to protest and riot at the White House
I think we get the big picture. Tax cuts for the wealthy.
What about low income families?
@timkaine it must be said the huge corporate tax cut means a severe loss in revenue; this is a cash grab 4 rich & corps, bad 4 mid clss/fams
I bet I know which tax bracket I'll be in.
It's a tax cut for the wealthy. Don't be fooled. Vote no.
Dems had 8 years to come up with a plan.
When are we going to see Trump's tax returns?
It is all about the wealthy. Raise insurance cost, take away medical deductions. What about states with high property taxes? No logic!
Do you think 90% is enough for a general tax rate jackass??
Thank you for looking after us!
I wish the worst possible health problems on any one who agrees with trumps bill!
Just more smoke and mirrors. This one to take all the focus off the fact that he's done nothing in 100 days.
But it doesn't. It benefits millionaires & billionaires
It would be nice to see Trump's taxes too.
All I can see is that it doesn't benefit me or my family in anyway. Thought he was for the little guy. Fooled his base didn't he.
Any consideration of a tax plan must be predicatrd on @realDonaldTrump releasing his tax returns #NoTaxReturnsNoTaxReform
Crazy stupid that we make our corps pay one of the highest rates in the world then wonder where the jobs are going.
Any tax "plan" MUST be reviewed against how favorably it impacts Trump! #NoReturnsNoReform
I missed all the details of your plans with hillary please tweet a few of your important issues
The only good thing in the "plan" is the tax cut for small biz owners. (I pay 40%!) Probably the first thing they'd renege on.
He isn't giving details because he wants to fool his supporters into believing it's something other than a huge tax break for Trump
         
No Trump tax returns = No Trump tax reform!!
        
Stop the madness! Resist this fake president every day! He's a clear and present danger to America! Traitor!
Short? It's one page of bullet points with zero details!
Yes & we want to see @realDonaldTrump taxes @HouseGOP needs to make a stand against this
pssst. He's a senator. 
Senator, this is nothing more that the transfer of wealth from poor & middle class to the rich. So it helps Trump a lot!
Aftershocks have been after a full repel of Obama care!
HEY @POTUS @ the G20 Ivanka praised actions taken by international leaders that promote transparency. 
Reveal your tax returns!
#Hypocrite
Do what you must do to oppose 45 every step, every day.
Can't any Democrat sound strong and tough?
I think the medical deduction going away sucks. As long as the rich gets deductions. I have chronic illness and spend a lot every year.
Shut-up G-pa! Details are for NERDS, I'm a bigly picture guy. Cause I'm so FAT my pictures have to be HUUUUUUGE. #FatPrez #MAGA #cheetodick
It has all the details we need. More $ for him, his family, his friends, & his donors. You know, all the rich folks. All others be damned.
His is a big tax cut for large corporations like his own!  Pure bullshit!
Except international corporations would effectively pay more in taxes via code simplification & taxing offshore.

Critical thinking is hard!
We actually do not know all the details of it yet. The form was 250 words. When Congress gets done who knows. So far seems like trickle down
"So far"?  Um no not at all. Companies pay an effective tax rate the same as Europe. 15% no loopholes.  Is EU trickle down now? #Buzzwords
It's not a tax reform, just a tax CUT for the rich.  Forget about it! #taxes
Are you still speaking in rational terms about Trump policy? That is so January Tim.
Seems shortsighted to toss it out there for a headline, doesn't it?
...and NOT get rid of child care/family care deductions for caregivers!
And not line the Trump family's pockets.  Which we'll only know if he releases his returns.
No tax code for a country with 350 mill people will be simple, morons.
and it benefits me as a middle class earner.  Can’t wait to see details and placed into law.  We’re getting raped in Fed Taxes
You'll have to pass it to find out what's in it. Right, Nance?
Are you related to pro wrestling legend Kin Corn Kaine?
That's what they said it does...and they said it over and over. But the D's will certainly deny it anyway.
This must be really awkward for you.... It specifically has details on tax cuts for indiv, small bus, and simplified returns.
With lower rates for those making the least, but only 3 rates total for indiv.
The so-called president must release his tax returns before he thinks about tax legislation.
Stop tweeting and DO something. #Fail #ShameOnYou #Resist #ImpeachTrump
It does for me!  The married deduction of 24,000 is a huge win!!
Shhh, it does for most people.  But that makes the circlejerk awkward
Last I checked, that middle class constituency voted for Trump….
And he's screwing them over. Serves them right.
I fit into middle class there R several points which positively impact my situation #Repatriation #AMT #StdDeduction
lol. cuz to liberals like yourself, Taxes are supposed to be confusing. Trump made it too simple.
That's an understatement. It's one page with like seven bullet points.
