Maybe time to secede the union and join the UK for the benefits of universal healthcare!
I know people on universal healthcare. Worse!! They hate it. So expensive and you wait weeks to get a doctor appointment.
Can you site actual figures where it is more expensive? Would love to inform myself. Thanks.
They were friends of mine in England. The 12 percent also paid for people who were not working. Sweden healthcare works same way.
I have numbers that say the opposite
I apologize if I'm wrong. I was going by what I was told and I saw an interview I saw from Sweden on television.
It's okay, it's in the the best interest of pharmaceutical companies to  have people believe it's more expensive
Well damn ,I never thought to use AARP as a source for factual information
And did they even want that coverage that they couldn't use and paid to much for?  No!  My guess is that number is low.
how many of those will lose HC because they dont want ins or are ILLEGALS.  U the cbo & aarp t full of S H I T
In Indiana we are losing our last carrier for the marketplace Our premiums have tripled and deductibles are up to 15,000 per family now
How many of those don't want healthcare but are forced to have it
Curious. Do you have to have car insurance? I do. @timkaine @AARP
I do....but only liability insurance to protect others in case of an accident.  None required for myself.
Why? Because elected members of Congress keep taking money earmarked for Medicare to line their own pockets?
Our Senate has been become an absolute embarrassment to the USA. Most of the population? Much smarter than who we elect to Rep.
Sadly the GOP is hoping they'll be dead first 

That's because AARP got a big kickback on it! Nice try though
AARP supported Obamacare. They helped Dems destroy healthcare & insurance. Stop the bs.
UNACCEPTABLE!!!
That's as accurate as if "You like your Dr. you can keep your Dr.- If you like your Healthcare,You can keep your Healhcare" Total B.S.
That's because the taxpayers won't be footing the bill any longer. #MAGA
.@AARP  oh great source Timmy.  How's you're criminal son?
Trumpcare is like healthcare the city-state of Sparta would have given their citizens -- basically leave them on the mountainside to die.
I'm guessing you think Health Insurance and Health Care are the same thing. Because buying Heath Insurance now costs more than Health Care.
you need to go bozo!
No they won't. @AARP was in on Obamacare. The market woukd have more affordable plans that those who CHOOSE would sign up for.
Your reckless and irresponsible and you're 0 for 4 and will pay in 2018!
Americans want you to hold a news conference ASAP to explain your role in your son not being charged after being arrested for rioting.
Can't speak to the issue at hand huh?  So typical of the ignorant.
you all are some horrible kind of people. no wonder we are in this mess
@AARP is a left wing scheme that preys upon seniors
Reports say more will lose coverage in ObadmaCarelessness. Repeal! Thousands will die on Ocare! Repeal the dead horse!
How many did #ObamaCare cause to lose insurance?
You guys passed a bill that put others in debt.
Lie. Choosing not to purchase insurance is not "losing coverage", you simpleton.
Once you spoke of treason, it became clear you could no longer be a sane & effective Senator for our great state. This is just more proof!
So you have read the Senate's healthcare bill? When?
Sen Kaine - thanks for your continued oppo to this horrible bill.
To staff - I spend 20mins blocking every time he tweets. My best to you.

Tim Kaine is to the Senate what Maxine Waters is to the House! Ignorant..LOUD..uninformed..and just plain STUPID! He wanted to be VP? Scary!
Another prediction with NO PROOF-----just another while claim
How many people did u & Democrats hurt with Obamacare & Obama Lied about 2 parts keeping ur Doctor & ur Plan & Dems say they have a Plan
Actually keep doing what you're doing we need less socialist in our government
Why don't you try doing the work of the American people instead of the democratic party for a change you hack
TK your brain is dead. deal back now. The woman met with congress men and a poster was on her facebook pg.
What would happen if OCare stays?  They'll all drop or not use the covg cuz its too damn expensive.  Get a grip.

YOU said MAYBE TREASON!! %th Graders KNOW that is CRAP!  YOU said TREASON!  Senator Tim Kaine SAID TREASON!!  TREASON!! Treason!!
You really should quit LYING to people.  If anyone uses FREE WILL & elects not to buy insurance - it doesn't mean they "lost" coverage.
Oh Please...Obamacare priced me right out of the market  so your words ring hollow. Quit feasting on nothing burgers before you starve.
I appreciate them telling you. I wish they would tell their members
How is it, we messed up the whole health system to cover 20 million that had no coverage before the ACA? U designed the ACA to fail!
Did @AARP also run a report on how many Virginians will be uninsured under Obamacare?
Thank you for continuing to fight, Sen Kaine!
I know you are on our side Senator. Hang in there, we know it is not always easy. Thank you.
Americans want you to hold a news conference ASAP to explain your role in your son not being charged after being arrested for rioting.
Sir, I would like to know what it takes to prove collusion, aiding and biding a Foreign Enemy to Attack Us, #TimeStampsMatter
Will there be investigations into how the Russian lawyer was at a Senate hearing? Are you friends with her?
@AARP is completely in bed with @TheDemocrats so don't be surprised that they trash anything & everything that comes from the GOP.
САЩ става под седем мельона!
Americans want you to hold a news conference ASAP to explain your role in your son not being charged after being arrested for rioting.
Great - I just lost my lunch!  I will never be able to retire - ever!
Americans want you to hold a news conference ASAP to explain your role in your son not being charged after being arrested for rioting.
Coverage does NOT = CARE. 25% of VA's doctors do not accept Medicaid already. Being "covered" by Medicaid does not help you.
Let's be honest. Lose coverage by CHOICE once they are no longer FORCED to buy something they don't want.
Yes! Yes! And again I say, Yes.



Read too fast.  Thought you said 500000 Virgins would be in trouble with Trump, but that's a separate issue.
Yes cause Obama care has failed them no other reason O C hurting Americans
Obamacare is failing right now!My family never could afford that insurance they wanted $821.00 a month! Not so affordable so we went without
Tim, don't worry you won't be senator, go away!


Def read this as virgins lol
Hope it's freeloaders who lose coverage!
Just one of the many batsh!t crazy career politicians in the demoncrap party!
Totally agree!
Is your son in rehab?  Here's your & AARP's bible:
Doesn't matter ... if you do have insurance it doesn't pay!!! So sick of being treated like crap!! All they do is take and we get NOTHING!!
Wow!
Virginia doesn't have Medicaid? Tax your state citizens more an provide coverage for those that want it.
Just repeal the whole damn thing!  What a mess you all have created
inexcusable
Unacceptable! Virginia is for lovers!
Chances are a lot of those people are huge jerks anyway.
What's the coverage loss if the status quo is maintained?
We're gonna lose it with Obamacare too
Says who?
Who says?  Every state that no longer has insurance companies because they pulled out after losing money because of Obamacare.
Ok so shouldnt you go after the insurance companies? Or improve Obamacare?
