Senator, millions of people had acceptable HCI before #Obamacare wrecked it for them in the name of redistribution...
Tony, 28 million working Americans are still uninsured.  40 before Obamacare. It still needs work...
Fact: My employer-provided HCI has now tripled w/ higher deductibles & worse personal coverage (since ACA)
Fact: before Obamacare protections, my health insurance went up after I looked up the list of providers on its website.
Well then you should say thank you for all the opportunities my increased premiums has provided you.../s
Nah.  That was corporate greed.  Any insurance companies filed bankruptcy?  We overpay, still, 2x other countries.
Every company that is not somewhat greedy is out of business...the issue is still that #ACA was about redistribution, not coverage
We want #M4A 
Medicare sucks.  $1000 copay just to get a wristband at a hospital.  No.  We want FREE universal.
I’m open to learning... Can you tell me more about universal?  (Petition signed ) 
And with or without having to pay more when we get sick.
Must investigate further...guess I’ve assumed #M4A would be “universal” since all covered... Thank You Eli! 
Lol.  Yes.  It's universal.  But it's too expensive for the 28 million working Americans who can't afford insurance. https://www.cms.gov/Newsroom/MediaReleaseDatabase/Press-releases/2016-Press-releases-items/2016-11-10-2.html …
Just remember it’s free! We’re gonna use the magic $$ to pay for it!!
Yo, Math Skills.  Our health isn't market competition.  It's monopoly.  The countries with single payer pay half as much for better care.
But don't take my word.  Look up the new World Health Organization rankings.  Then sign and RT:

Not as bad as 28 million people having no insurance in the country with the highest GDP, while all the other industrialized get universal.
Not as bad as Congressmen taking unconstitutional subsidies while 1 in 10 of their bosses are uninsured.
YES
Or if you want to see Republicans write bills for free universal health care, sign and share this:
Nothing is EVER free so please don't say that it is.
Call your Republican representatives and tell them you want Medicare for all. 

There is no reason not to. 

Don't let the Dems muzzle you
8 years what makes you think they would do anything now??
My mom passed away on Friday. 6 of her last 7 weeks alive were spent struggling to get Medicaid/Medicare after paying into them for years.
Her and my dad were told to liquidate all assets (leaves dad screwed), and use them before applying to Medicaid… not qualified for Medicare.
She received terrible care in the nursing home. No breakfast until almost noon, lunch immed followed, 45min+ before call buttons answered.
Worse, health ins stopped paying for the hospital 3 WEEKS before discharge to nursing home, b/c hospital was providing "no medical benefit"
So what good does a cheap hospital bill really do, when we're still getting shit care and paying into programs we'll never be able to use?
Dems need to address huge profit motive in every aspect of Heathcare that has exploded costs. Big Pharma addicted millions for profit.
No.. all elected officials need to address these issues together.  
Fix the issues, not make it worse.
Absolutely. Dems are the only ones who want to fix problems along with Rep Senators Collins, Murkowsky, McCain. The rest of GOP are immoral.
And, @ValuesCommon, please dont try to change my words again. I said ALL elected officials, not that the gop needs to join the dems.
GOP had 7 yrs to create a bill that will help people. But every bill makes things worse for everyine except billionaires & drug companies.
Dear God Trumps got dementia issues. I took care of mom until she was 93 she had dementia saw it progress. I used my iPhone pics 2 help her.

Why u babies sucking ur thumbs in congress a man steps up 2 plate 4  millions ppl u want 2 fight abt but don't care
Since nobody is talking about taking it away, you should refrain from these ignorant tweets.
Please stop and give it up we don't like you and want you to stop try to be one of us pore people you ant like us and never be
not have you in mind except for one thing they want your votes and take over WH so if you think they will help you? Wrong they didn't for
Some said it was beter then the Skinny bill and btw John Cain is voting not for personal reasons and not for your benefit the democrats do
I want a bipartisan committee to work with insurers & providers to make healthcare available to every single citizen w/o prejudice.
You SO have the right idea!
I will agree with this, although I'm NOT an @timkaine supporter
Is there any doubt what people want?
We want your socialist program #RepealAndReplace d. GOD will BLESS us. We will be patient. In JESUS name I pray evil will be silenced 
Why can't the existing system be fixed?  why can't you all come together and fix what is failing?
Half don't care about poor people.
Shameful!
When health care insurers leave your state... that's taking away insurance.  P.S. No one can afford the deductibles. What happens is on you.
Insurers don't provide health care. They are no added value middle men whose job it is to maximize profits by limiting, dictating care.
Like the Dems did...no....it was so expensive people could not afford it.  Why do you think it's imploding?
It isn't.  The uninsured rate is an all time low.  But still about 10%, while all of Congress is covered.
I want healthcare bills to guarantee coverage, in sickness and in health, regardless of the size of someone’s pocketbook. Is that so hard?
Have to control pricing.
Yes. Which coverage for all does. No breaks for better insurance plans, no padding for extra profit to cover uninsured.
Why can't HC be affordable for everyone? Set politics aside and get us HC that we ALL can afford!  We're the US & we can do better !!!
How about free? Like in the poorer countries where people outlive us?
I want the free market back. No managed care. Just me, my Dr and the ins co pays the bill. Like 1970. Let the market rule.
1 in 6 Americans will go bankrupt due to health care expenses.  Millions more will die preventable deaths.
If you think Single payer or Universal HV will fix this you should check out the waiting lists and times to be seen for anything in Canada.
Yep. I have stories as an RN in Detroit
You know we have to have price control caps on medical costs or it won't work
In England, they cap your out of pocket at FREE. 

And live longer than us for less money.
I don't want govt involved in healthcare at all. Keep it between the Dr and the patient and let us shop across state lines to drive down $$.
Do not know what planet politicans live on but no amount of legislation will make healthcare workers care or stop ERS fraudulent billing!
I want you in your rightful seat as Vice President, thank you. 

Fellow Democrat #TheResistance
Retweet if you want to pay 60% increase in premiums in 2018 for your crappy Obama Care coverage cuz that's exactly what's going to happen
That won't happen unless Obama care is gone
Thank you for your service.
Sir you also need to keep Trumps grubby little hands off SSDI. W/O it I might have to come live with you. j/k of course but Id be homeless.
Too obvious, Tim. Let's be grown up & more specific. We want universal health care like other affluent countries provide to their citizens.
MEDICARE FOR ALL!  We need it, we deserve it! Let's get it done!
Yes! 

America should be able to get better, more efficient care for less $.

Time to catch up with rest of developed world.

Work TOGETHER.

Hot take, Tim. #UniversalHealthcare
Winners get RT's, Senator Kaine
Huh? You told us Obamacare was gonna be the greatest thing since the invention of great things. Now it has to be "improved?"
Republican Party, Like Hitler
Lost The Battle To Medically Cleanse Us...
Next Up...
 Medical Cleansing Of Puerto Rico 
No Food. No Water,
Why doesn't anyone focus on lowering cost or why it's so high in the first place?? Oh ya Lobby  $$
That's would be great. Guess we should repeal the ACA then.
Edgy as ever.
What #iamapreexistingcondition looks like http://m.nbc12.com/clip/12224672/thomas-dale-swimmer-doesnt-let-heart-issue-or-surgery-keep-him-out-of-the-water?clienttype=generic …
My brother has cancer from #humara. So its not all about healthcare. Goes for surgery in 3 hours.
I think that is what ALL American citizens would like!
First part of any cleanup is to remove the trash.

The military and FEMA are there already and have been there.
Universal healthcare is the answer.

Hope you watched the #CNNhealthdebate last night to see the popularity of #MedicareForAll  "ALL" means everyone has care. Thx @SenSanders
Stress related to lack of good health insurance makes people sicker and less likely to get the care they need. Improve the current system.
Or replace it.
I am all for a single payer system I think it will help people tremendously
Already happened.   Where's my old insurer?  Where's my old policy?  Too late.
Government care will take health away. It has taken away the freedom of choice and replaced it with the deadly force of government.
I'm a disabled wheelchair user w/ a spinal cord injury from '03. Pls work extremely hard to tell #45 NOT take away benefits from Medicaid.
blah blah blah blah blah Timmy.
I want a bipartisan bill to improve ACA.
Then let's give them a reason.
Done! Sign the petition, people! Make Congress NOT have better insurance than citizens.
Please stop blending church &state
Its very off-putting for many who believe in Constitution
We are Proud Americans & we are being ignored by our President in Puerto Rico. How cruel can he be? People r suffering out in the elements.
Never was Government's job to begin with.
This American wants Congress to work together to improve our system!
Nothing..zip..zero..nada will get done with Trump as president. His agenda is evil!
Just repeal because you lied about obomacare
Yeah,Reps big Business Trumpence Don't take away Our Crumbs 
The 1% want the poor, disabled and elderly poor to die and decrease the drain on resources
So http://disappointed.You  were MY Vice President, yet you let the Russians all take that away from you. Now we're stuck with DouchePence.
You won by 66 original electorates.  Get the fake electoral college a campus and start checking PhDs.
#MedicareForAll hurry and bury the GOP healthcare zombie before it comes back, stop gambling with our livelihoods!
Yet your ACA took it away ... weird
NEED ONE MORE VOTE.  Rand Paul is going to change his vote to YES.  Need to talk to @lisamurkowski #ACA
Tim. Maybe stop nuclear war and then worry about health care.  After we are all incinerated we won't need health care.  STAND UP ALREADY.
EXCELLENT MESSAGE MR. TIM.  
I hope you support the Medicare for All bill. That's what we want! @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray
And you want the 15k a year tax increase to go with it?
Agree with you Senator
how about all of @TheDemocrats support the #MedicareForAll bill that @SenSanders proposed and send a clear message to the #GOP/ country!
Because new flash most of those democrats are on the take from HC companies.
Both sides do. That’s why universal healthcare is taking so long to get here! It will come just a matter of when!
It's not coming. The cost would be astronomical
RT if you wish @timkaine was the Vice President.
RT if you want health care bills to improve care, not take it away
At this point @HalfOnionInABag is looking like a good option!
While you're at it, disincentivize symptom treatment and the push by BIG Pharma to keep people sick, and cover naturopathic providers.
While you're at it, disincentivize corruption.
You are proving again the insanity of our govt. tweet tweet tweet and offer no solutions
What we want are politicians who work to better the people NOT by their greed and  making themselves multimillionaires
RT in Spanish too. #VivaLaRaza
RT if you want Socialist Health Care. State takes a lot & provides little w high premiums, no Ins & no doctors which are bailing.
Thank you for fighting for us all, Senator!!  Medicare for all is the best solution!  With a Smile & Great Admiration  GCD
Where was that when ACA was being shoved down our throats
TY. #Resist
we want tim kaine to be taken away not improved thanks!
Senator will you support #SinglePayerNow ?
That makes too much sense....
Or make me pay for things I don't need, like the ACA does
You would have been a great VP!
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK
But they sure like themselves.
Bad people introduce bad bills! You do @SenateGOP SenateGOP @GOP
#MedicareForAll
Then we need to repeal Obamacare.
No Rob we need to hold these places accountable! We need to put some control on Rx! Model our healthcare after Canada.
How about the government stay out of health care? I bet that will improve care
So current mil and veterans shouldnt have VA healthcare? Retirees shouldnt have Medicare?
I'm active duty, don't waste my time. I didn't say that, I'm not going to bother arguing with someone that's going to put words in my mouth
US military is perfect example of Socialism. Hope u enjoy it ( as I did ). Govt already largest provider of H care.
If you like your plan... we have to pass it before we read it...more damn Bulls hit from the left...
And click your heels three times if you think this knuckle head can do that
Medicare for all please
Never happen
Yes, with #MedicareForAll!
What a concept...
Absolutely, which is why I support #MedicareForAll and hope you will too.
You mean like the 5 million of us that lost great insurance plans under Obamacare
I wish you were our VP.
Want the no payers to pay their own way. Repeal the ACA
So the divider in chief keep tray take our care away again  
Stop it with the RTing. It doesn't mean anything. It isn't the same as DOING SOMETHING.
Indeed, especially since I recently joined "preexisting condition " club.
What happened?
DM - getting old.
U voted 4 Obamacare Sony sir took my healthcare away.
Pfffft....RT if you’d like ANY healthcare, period. Aren’t there nearly a million uninsured in VA alone, senator?
People are only concentrating on one group as they try to fix it. There are actually 3 groups & all need to be considered when fixing it.
Agreed
#NoTrumpcare #NoToGrahamCassidy #StopTheTrumpAbomination #StopTheGOP #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence
Obamacare is not affordable. Premiums are too high and deductibles are even higher. Sick People are not going to the doctor can't afford it
I want healthcare bills to get government out of healthcare
Take away my high premiums and out-of-pocket cost!  Make Health Care affordable again
Yes, but on u guys to work bipartisan to fix problems. 
Help @LindseyGrahamSC  get Medicaid expand for SC so he don't hurt rest "for parity"
Work together for a change! Work.for America instead of reelection. That is your obligation..
U give away healthcare to illegal invaders Tiny Tim. Wheres your Son ? Crocheting a new black mask ? Tiny, you teach him to knit ? USA1, DAV
I served alongside Deutschlands best.None were Nazis.Thanks in part to My uncles Clove and Mel... My oath remains strong today & 4ever. DAV
Absolutely and thank you for standing up for affordable health care!
Can you please tell Bernie he is not relevant the Leader of the Democratic Party?  Thanks.
Wish the popular vote counted and you were our current vice president.
I was about to write this very thing
That is the best laugh. This child lover who has a son that defies this country. And you are proud of this hypocrite?
#puertorico
What the hell do you think they are doing??? Jesus man where have you been???
I would have been dead if not for Aca!
Sure seems like it would be a no-brainer!
Only for altruists or those directly affected..
If course we want it better plus we want healthcare to be affordable 
Again! Affordable is the result of the confidence in the market. Next gop will just stop paying the subsidies and make it collapse! Cruel!
Thank you Senator Kaine for looking out for your citizens. Affordable, accessible health care is a necessity for a strong country.
Plenty of access.  All one needs to to it pay for their own health care. No subsidies for illegal Aliens or non paying Americans
Just KILL THE REPEAL. NO bipartisan talks right now. We are not in favor of it at all. Just Kill the repeal that's all. Stabilize the situtn
Wish Re Tweet did not sound like RT- they have done enough damage! They can stay out of our elections like repubs can our healthcare thanks!
And you have Obama bullshit care?  Yes
Why is Bernie the non DEMOCRAT who insulted Obamacare before there and not you Tim?
Why was Bernie debating Graham/Cassidy plan to abolish Obamacare tonite and not Kaine/Hillary?
Looking forward to bipartisan efforts, real debate, time for CBO scores and listening to the medical community.
I just want you to go away
Decrease cost of prescription drugs and premiums
Yep.  Here's how to get Republicans to do that:
Agree.

Ideally improve care AND make it more cost effective
That would be single payer
Are you running in 2020?
Talk Hillary into running again it would be great and no Russians meddling in the election this time I hope Hillary does what she says she's
You mean exactly what Obamacare did?  
You somehow forgot about the 30 million people that lost their doctors after being promised they could keep them, whoops!
Rooting for the deaths of poor people and babies is unseemly. Rethink your life.
