
It's so bad in WV that their rep wouldn't vote to replace it.... sounds terrible...
Weren't you just spiking the football the other day that you defeated the BCRA! Think again. Your next loss comes when you lose Senate seat
AARON, what is it that you like about the BRCA? Give me a factual answer and I will listen. Honestly. Who will it help, and how?
#BRCA
1)Help stabilize callapsing ins. markets 2)ends Obamacare mandates (as a male, I shouldn't hv to buy maternity coverage 3)Tax free HSA acct.
As for your example on mandates, if ins. Cmpys are not required to provide maternity coverage, they will not, putting many families at risk.
So a male should have to buy. Sorry, but I don't want to be forced to buy anything. This is America
Exactly where the most loyal Trumpolodytes live

#HR676 sounds like a better step in the right direction than #TrumpCare.  What will it take to get this going?

Senator please, please vote against repealing ACA.  I work for Medicaid states and this will hurt everyone including me.
I know you have a lot of answers Tim I've read them over and over NOT come on Tim lets see what ya got other than bitchin
You admit you don't read his answers and then tell him to stop bitching? 
Because of u Dems/Liberals, a lot of people are hurting! If ocare is so good, then u and ur family should go on it! STOP Lying!
They've been on it for years.. it's the AHCA they opted out of.
Thank you Senator. I am seeking the Dem nomination to run against Morgan Griffith in VA9th. Healthcare & jobs are the major issues we face.
All would have been avoided if YOU didn't put the piece of shit aca into place without any regard to health or welfare of ANY US Citizen.
Thanks for listening to the people that you represent.  The common man.  Thanks for all you do.
I'm not US citizen but working in this Fantastic country. Why the US don't have a health care Department like in France?
I know this solution is costing money, but at least when you pay your taxes you know for what. And have private health care for Dental,
Earring, etc.  And promote annual check up to control and take action asap. But like I said I'm French and I Love your country 
What do you care? You want to kill people in the womb.
Good. Go out in the community. Spend lots of time there. Those folks voted for Trump. Dems need to develop a positive relationship with Them
As I have many relatives and friends in southern America what they are doing will kill many people. Don't have to dress it up, people
They are part of the problem with the failing healthcare. Make no mistake it's not about helping people it's all about the money...
You know something is wrong when an insurance company is charged up to 200% more than the person that pay the bill themselves, I say to bad!
The Roanoke / Salem are has more hot dog stands and counters per capita than perhaps Anywhere else in America. Have a good trip.
My house caught fire and I can't get insurance to get repaired because they don't cover "pre-existing conditions". We need insurance reform.
The hypocrisy in wishing #JohnMcain well and then sticking you finger to 30M ppl who can find themselves in the same position, is "#wow" .

This is the biggest BS LIE! Kaine is so FULL OF SHIT!
Hospitals will take you even if you don't have Ins!!!
Kaine is a LIAR!!!
I pray they will "hear" you and join the fight for fixes to, and support of, the ACA. Tx for all you do!
I know of one that had to close because of Obamacare.
It will bankrupt rural hospitals who are already struggling.
Senator Kaine: Thank you for continuing to care about healthcare for all Americans!
#ACA #AHCA

Reality: Obamacare made medical treatments unaffordable, removing revenue from all hospitals b/c elective medical procedures not performed.
The lack of elective procedures being performed has caused staff layoffs in hospitals across the board. #FullRepealNOTFakeRepeal.
We all know Republican plan is horrible. What we need to hear from Democrats are solutions.
Do you have a plan other than just not talking to the GOP?
Rural providers have taken all they can in cuts, if it passes they will be gone   Period

How can @RepChrisCollins support a healthcare proposal that will harm the rural communities that he represents?

How so?
Bearding the lion in his den. Good luck Senator!
Is this bill alive again damn republicans can't work with the Democrats to fix the ACA gawd  reach across the aisle for once in ur damn life
How do you know?  Did you predict what is occurring now with O'care? NOT.  Quit whining.
This would have such a negative impact on so many communities loosing hospitals and overload the ones left. This must be stopped!
I thought this healthcare nightmare was behind us.
At least you are going to meet & listen to the voters more than you can say about the Republican
Mister Kaine, Senator, why isn't anybody talking about the disaster it would be for our economy as a whole? It's important. Thanks.
Thank you for meeting with your constituents...neither of my Senators have done so.
I think we should have a healthcare system in place that trump agrees with. It isn't free. But everyone should have $12/year insurance.
The #GOP is doing what is called "Rope-a-dope". Trying to just wear everyone down until the final kill! Ali vs Foreman!
A SELF-SERVING GOV that favors Corporate PREDATORS will CONTINUE to EXIST as long as LOBBIES/Citizens United EXIST
It's #Trumpcare.  We can't let him weasel out of taking the blame for hurting millions of Americans.
They are hit by Obama Care
improve #ACA->public option->#MedicareForAll ->expand #Medicaid in VA...listen to this nurse!  I care for u & your family! SAVE $ and LIVES
Thank you for protecting access to rural healthcare! It's a serious issue many ignore.
i.e., Trump's voters will be hit hard by the GOP healthcare proposal.
PLEASE don't let him defund Medicaid & the ACA!
Go to Monterrey's in wise, get the chili Colorado, you won't regret it. Also, can you bring some salsa to Arlington for me please 
