I'm headed to the floor now #ShowUsTheBill
@Resistor_Symens The GOP are autocratic cowards.
We have to pass the bill before you can see what's in it. .......hahahahahahahahahaha
sounds like there just downing republicans never talk about someone when there not there very cowardly
We have to pass the bill before you can see what's in it HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. ....BOO FUCKING HOO.....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
You are a part of the Criminal Corruption in Virginia - Hope you have a great day @timkaine Thank you @realDonaldTrump please take over VA
Why would they show you Nitwits we seen what you did with Obamacare just get out of the way let the big boys take care of this
The cowards are hiding: bullies: won't insist PAc pull Atlanta ad; won't insist Montana Senate fighter resign: corrupt
Now you're ready? What happened when you rolled out the pos obamacare? You're all hypocrites and liars.
Thank you Senator Tim Kaine!!!  Keep it going for us!!
I know where is the bill,tara ta taaan!!' in Putin House
This bill telberrible  all want it though just because of a campaign promise i
Perform his duties his Cabinet is not even a Cabinet all the Agencies are being left behind HOW IS EVERYTHING ALLOWED TO HAPPEN???
Disgusted like beyond because of all the Federal Regulations that are being broke by EVERY REPUBLICAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE Trump is unfit to
The fix is repeal and replace
You will have to pass it to find out what's in it.


Absolute hypocrit! U didnt debate Obamacare, done n secret, last min amendments, 2300 pages of lies, 1 am vote, not 1 Dem read it.
Hey Senator Runner Up , take a hike.  U lost
We are paying attention and will reward those who stand up to the GOP with votes.... I will only cast my vote for those who stood up!
Yeah and do what nothing as usual
Call the f...in thing Obamacare if you want! Just get it done.
I am learning all about Legislation and The Executive Branch/Administrative Authority in my Intro to Legal Principles for Paralegal I am so
@diamondfishes The GOP is waiting on Gruber to explain the 'political benefit of a lack of transparency,' right Timmy?
Sounds like 2010... remember that debacle? I do because our family insurance was cancelled. Sad times for America.
Remember all the hearings there were on ACA? I do.
I remember losing our family insurance. The insurance we wanted but was not what the government wanted us to have. O, yeah..great hearings
You're assuming AHCA wont do the same but worse.
Describe worse.
More people off insurance than before
There are people off insurance now..paying the penalty. Why?  Because the insurance is not effective. Insurance is a big circle

Ssd
You need to do something on this healthcare crap.  Stand up.  If someone doesn't in the Senate, it is sad beginning to the end of democracy.
think about it Tim why would they tell democrats anything they may be afraid of getting shot who knows
There is no bill!
They aren't showing you shit because your are communists and liars. I think they are colluding with Russia on how to have a good health plan
You should have shut it Dems em weeks ago when this started as we asked u to. @SenateDems keep being bullied & don't fight back effectively
I am standing with my party Democrats!!
@globalsolarwind It's Secret retreat where bill will be written by elder scribe with invisible ink. Dick Tracey rings required.
They can't show you what they don't have they've been arguing for eight years for a better Bill and they've come up with nothing
Call me evil but maybe the people who voted Trump should suffer at the hands of Trumpcare.

Not fighting hard enough dems. You are letting them roll you yet again. This time at the cost of our healthcare. New leaders now!
@frannie1225 Getting a nice nights sleep on their beds of rusty nails? While you stay up? Honestly do not know how they ever sleep
Just get out of the way.  You are a crazed loon.
Where is the Democrats Bill?
Under rocks
Why not b4 now? Did these fixes just miraculously pop up? Both sides totally irresponsible.
Kaine....To be Hillary's running mate, you couldn't be too smart. Thank God you aren't our Vice President, or we would be divided even more
Oh, wait keep defending the other crap bill bill you forced through that keeps raising the fees. Thanks for that bill u forced through
Thank you Senator!
Hold the floor and the fort. Thanks for the good fight.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!!
What is going on with the Healthcare fiasco?  We, as Americans need to know, it's our right!!!!!!
It's not open for debate Timmy!!!
@JhamelResists #SaveTheACA
@JhamelResists #ShowUsTheBill
Thank you Tim!
@onevoice2 this is a lesson. Don't be a nice guy if Dem gets the senate or house in 2018. Rs are hypocrites
Was this the GOP plan all along? To get Dems to put their names on a health care bill that may not be as good as the ACA and then blame you?
Sounds like @SenateMajLdr to me.  Pure slime.
Are you entertaining reconciliation as well?
I think it is best to work together. The offer is and has been there for it to be a joint effort.
I hold U responsible for the assignation attempt on GOP ball practice and any future attacks on GOP ! #ImpeachKaine
Thank you Senator Kaine, keep fighting for  the disabled whose lives depend on Medicaid...
Same place Dems were for Ocare. Sit down and shut it. You lost

Nancy Pelosi: You have to pass the bill in order to see what's in it.
One lady said one thing as part of a giant speech. That clearly excuses hidingg everything about this bill.
Nah. Just need real healthcare with choices rather than govt dictated mandates and high costs
Seems you only needed one. McConnell. 'I Object'.
The people must know. Don't give up on us please #resist #TheResistance #impeachtrump
All members of the Senate & House and their staff need to have this NEW &  BETTER insurance  coverage, (give up their current coverage).
McConnell is being a real jerk.
maybe the bill is in ALEC 's pocket have  you looked there?
#HoldTheFloor
@SenateMajLdr wouldn't even commit to 10 hours to review. This is NOT democracy. This is NOT for the people.
#HoldTheFloor
Keep up the fight. Healthcare is too important to be drafted in secret-it's MY health not the politicians who r doing this. #ShowUsTheBIll
How many fixes have u recommended?
you been on the floor of the bank through it all.Your trying to save ur butts for letting this  happen. Give us another try Blah
Go get them, Senator! Stand your ground for us!
They're just eager to kick 24,000,000 Americans off healthcare.
@MarkWarner  It is so nice I don't have to call my Senator and complain about EVERYTHING that is going on now. Thank you both for everything
Thank you @timkaine!
they are your friends you know where they are
Just Do Your Job. You Know What You Are Doing Is Not Good. Jesuit Trained?? Really?? Just Do Your Job
Keep it up and thank you!
Didn't the Dems ask them to come tonight? #ShowUsTheBill
Be aggressive!!!
We thank you!
In a dark room under lock and key.
@SenateDems Stand united. WE support you. Remember popular vote was +3mil. Let the GOP own their bill 100% & then run on their bill in 2018!
be assured nobody will be buying.
Hold floor hold Repubs accountable hold administration accountable for their suppressing press & don't stop trying to get them to the table
I smoke. I drink. I take drugs. I eat fast food! I don't exercise! I'm tattooed,fat and unhealthy. I demand that others pay my healthcare!!!
republicans are hiding in the bushes with spicey force them to show dems and america the bill
What are they afraid of?
Add 1,000s of amendments #ACARepeal #ACA #AHCA #Obamacare #Healthcare
They r 2busy fixing crap created by u demo(ni)crats! There's mch2b fixed, much crrptn unearthed, mch mch2b reversed. u shld all be lockd up
PLEASE Make Republicans keep Obamacare because I have way too much money and love paying 120 percent increase in premiums for less coverage!
With Republicans, you may end up only repealing ACA w/no other plan. Then what happens to y/our insurance. ACA is gone & no AHCA. Now what?
Hold the floor.
So many pussy hats!
Where are the Republicans ? I guess you'll have to ask their REAL constituents...the corporations, big pharma, insurance companies.
Its Stealth Care!
Persistence.
Hiding in their sewers
They r showing how crooked they really are!
Maybe their in the bushes with Spicer
stop patting yourself on the back for doing your job
Y'all are starting too late to figure this out....... but please throw everything you can at this.
Get those bastards to do their job...
what r they HIDING?Say NO, till all covered and actually has a chance at getting healthcare.  I have ObamaCare and so grateful=ive been sick
Thank you!!
Where's the border wall?  #Nabra
#BREAKING: more trouble for murder suspect Darwin Torres. ICE has lodged a detainer against him, meaning they believe he's here illegally. 
Also, I liked Tim Kaine circa 2005.  You could win a POTUS run on that platform!
bill was on the airplane with crooked Loretta. LOCK HER UP !
Ask Nancy:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hV-05TLiiLU&sns=tw … via @youtube
Your constituents want you to keep it up until they see this bill. Thanks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QV7dDSgbaQ0 … Where were you?
#ShowUsTheBill
