Trump is my President.  God chose him!!!
@LouDobbs @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh The problem is the Democrats passed theirs before Anyone read it! Not the GOP, read it Tim first #MAGA
Hey Chuck.
best you can do is throw stones?  You sure don't have a clue about the real world the common people live in this county.
It's better than Obama care that's a failure and at least American people get to see it in advance instead of being forced in us
Under Trumpcare, my elderly mother will have to pay more because she has diabetes. And we will be paying through the  my so w
Gosh - where did you read that? It's not even a law yet.
I meant that if Trumpcare had passed.
If you like your dr you can keep your dr. Funny how you all have forgotten the lies of the democrats, never read the bill they passed.
And exactly how many promises did Ocare break? Try all of them.
#ACA 1. keeping many people out of bankruptcy 2. people 21-6 covered by parents insurance 3. Added 10-20 years to Medicaid 4. Helped Vets
If you like your plan you can keep it. If you like your doctor you can keep him. Stay in LA LA land.
Your argument ACA didn't help anyone was false
Well then,  exactly who did it help?
I listed some.
So your recommendations to make the bill better is what?   Tired of the negatives where is what can be done to make things better
No that's what obama said, your socialist bill closed businesses and ruined families, if you like your dr you can keep your dr, remember?
@_Hope2017 Please don't refer to him as Pres. He is a disgrace to our country!
These pre existing conditions deal was Obama Care. U can blame him for all premiums rising., now Republicans are stuck with it.
Oh and by the way I had insurance until Obama care was passed.
Years in office and the democrats didn't do anything but make things worse.  Trump will make things better....give him time.
How do you know?   You haven't even read it.
Timmy. Believe U were standing right behind Obummer when said "you like doctor you can keep U'r doctor, if you like insur U keep insurance.
Hey arent you that guy that ran for something or other? How'd that turn out?
If for some reason you think you can find better Healthcare insurance elsewhere. Do so
So why did you accept Obamacare?  Oh, forgot, "we have to pass the bill to see what's in it VA will be paying more as Aetna drops out!
Trump is A Liar, He wants his own Holocaust by depriving the Sick, Elderly and Needy from Health Care and Killing them Off !!!
Vote no @timkaine We must stop the GOP  health plan
Thank you for speaking out against AHCA and working to defeat it in the Senate.
wait a minute - we accepted Obama - you can keep your doctor and will save 2500?????
@timkaine additional health insurance ( 2nd insurance) in which if they offered it they would get a tax break
@timkaine rump also said he was for single payer health care, why don't you counter with that. Allow company's the ability to offer
Ashamed of a Catholic belonging to a party that condones killing of babies.
New rule, Congress must understand the bill & poll constituents, THEN vote. U work 4 US #ImpeachTrump #AustralianHCPlease #GoneOldParty2018
Sen. Tim Kaine 2020 Pleeeeeeeease
So just vote NO! As a Virginian I'm hoping YOU help take care of US since that's YOUR job!
Promises made by Trump are sure to be broken. It's their very nature.
It's a start Tim...adjust it, but don't obstruct it.  You are going to lose supporters if you continue to neh-say everything this Pres does
Thanks for speaking up.
And Obama promised Health Care would be affordable.  I guess we can't all get what we want.
Trump is a pathological liar. Why would anyone believe anything he says or promises?
@realDonaldTrump promised a lot of things. Let's start with his marriage vows and end with this week's lies.
Repub plan just a HUGE tax cut for rich on the backs of the poor.
Why not....what do we have to lose...? we accepted the Democratic one and it was not good for us.
DT promised EVERYBODY would be covered, premiums would be less & coverage would be better.
Help us @timkaine, you are our only hope! #NoAHCA @RepDaveBrat has let down #VA07 to line his own pockets. He is a #swampmonster
As did Obamacare, but you Dems rammed it down our throats anyway! Poetic Justice.
He broke promise to drain the swamp He gave Billionaires high tax break on lives of poor HE IS THE SWAMP
This sadistic unAmerican bill must die in Senate! We must have a BLUE WAVE  in 2018-2020. They have Lied to us & r rubbing it in our face!
Let's do something about this! If you politicians can't who can? Do your job and help the people! #HealthCareForAll #ClimateChange #taxes
God help us. 
GOP = Greed Over People.
Mr. Kaine...didn't you support the ACA?  You know the bill that "let people keep their doctors" and would "lower premiums"?  broken promises
And 45 caved in and did not meet his campaign promise of better lower cost everyone is covered - these people are heartless
Senate Democrats should introduce a bill for health care and call it "Medicare for All." Be proactive; pull the Republicans back to center.
Fight for us! He cares only about the rich. We are all screwed if this passes!
Get it repealed & send back to House.
I won't accept Sentor, Donald Trump, Republican very badly high cost
Sometimes we're lucky @realDonaldTrump doesn't stand by anything and sometimes it kills us
WE NOW KNOW THAT trump CAN NOT TELL THE TRUTH AND HE EXPECTS US TO JUST ROLL OVER AND TAKE IT BECAUSE HE SAID IT!! NOT EVEN CLOSE!!!!!!!!!!!
Who ever thought health care could be so difficult?!? #notmypresident
How so? Which part breaks both promises? Please… Be specific
What can we do to help STOP it in the Senate??
Trump's promises are worthless. As he said, he doesn't stand for anything.
Why would we believe anybody who ran with Hillary Clinton?
Oh, get over it.
(2/2) Obama lied about ACA benefits. I presume Trump lies about ACHA benefits.  It will take a long time for America to recover from these 2
(1/2) Come on, Tim. I like you, but that is a bit rich. By the same standard Dems should not have rammed the ACA through. Pot meet kettle...
At least 20 house Republicans voted against. Guess they rep their constituents well and will likely be voted again
How can  @SpeakerRyan and the @HouseGOP be gleefully happy that people will die because today's votes?
Why the last one did
Your going to make a statement that makes you exempt from the Public that elect you? 2 words, Resign Now. You get free health care for life!
Why have you accepted an ACA program that broke Pres Obama's promises... keep your doctor , save $2500 per year.  That on you!!
Senator, don't be disappointed when Trump breaks his promises. It'll just drive you crazy.
I'm noticing what a big following you have
Better Care...For More People...For Less Money!!! Never let Donald forget!!! It's that simple! Not that complicated Donald!!
@KatieSkye313 THEY HAVE MADE AMERICA INTO A JOKE WE THE PEOPLE RISE WE WANT AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL THE FREE THE RESPECTED BACK
The Dems must fight harder and STOP PLAYING NICE. We have to get into the ring. We are losing both the battle and the war. DUMB
Yet another empty promise Senator.  Stop this madness Sir.
You are so right senator...
Can the Senate defeat it?
He lies about everything else, why would he suddenly be truthful?   #VoteNoAHCA
You are one to talk, the Dems lied to America 7 years ago to shove Obamacare down our throats.  Good job Trump, farewell Obamacare.
He breaks his promises.
I don't think tRump's ever told the truth. What's beyond comprehension is that millions will die because of him. He may even surpass Hitler.
When did you decide to turn Conservative. Agree whole-heartedly, wit exception of accepting repeal only. Gov has no business w/ healthcare
#Trumpdonotcare Healthcare ... Thank you Republican Congress
R u serious? What part of Obamacare workd for u? Oh yes, u have taxpayer $ paying ur ins. When u have Ocare, make a comment, until, NO THX
And Obama promised everyone would have insurance.  What he's really meant was we will tax anyone that doesn't.
And Obama promised that we could keep our plan/keep our doctor? Where were these comments then and where are they now. Obamacare is a joke!!
Well the way I see it is that taking away healthcare from people who have pre-existing conditions is inhumane. Sorry for having a heart. 
I agree with that..What there saying is on this bill that this is covered by the state. I don't see that happening because the senate won't
We can only vote them out Senator Kaine
Senator Kaine, please talk some sense into your fellow senators. We stand behind you as you do. 
Under Obamacare, we lost coverage and paid more. Guess you broke both promises.
Thank you, Senator TK!
WTF did OBUMMER do - LIED FOR 8 YEARS!
TRUMP AND HIS TEAM ARE A DISGRACE AND LIARS. THEY ARE SO DONE!!
But Tim, don't forget Trump only considers his supporters to be Americans.  The rest of us are just the enemy.
Everyone will have access to healthcare. No one is isolated from it.
If I'm not mistaken, Obama promised I could keep my doctor?
'There are no negotiations on freedom.' Minty
President Obama said the same thing. Where were you then? Voting for it?

Three monkeys sitting at a table, with No Worries about their health care or anyone one else. Ryan always has that sneaky look.
Shut up Tim. Nobody cares what u think, and thank God u and Hilary lost.
I need to know how to ration #insulin so my daughter with #Type1diabetes doesn't die. $2000 OOP/month isnt easy at 19 I vote #medicare4all
That's right! He needs to be held accountable to those promises he made and I'm not talking about a 50 billion dollar damn wall! # impeach
I never believe what he said but believe me they will be held accountable.
Keep fighting this despicable regime! The American people are behind you. Do what is right, keep this terrible bill from passing.
We need to keep fighting the good fight #ResistTrumpCare
This may be a turning point for some of *45's supporters bc they will lose and see *45 celebrating.
You mean like when Obama said, If you like your healthcare you can keep your hc, if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor lie?
It isnt a healthcare bill. We must acknowledge it is a tax reform bill
It's the Billionaire Boys Club Now!
as opposed to a failed Obamacare, where you "get to keep your Dr and insurance" promised by Dems including you?
I got to do both
you're one of the lucky ones, there were literally millions who didn't.
ACA helped literally millions who got coverage who hadn't had any. States it sucked in didnt have the #Medicaid expansion
Obamacare literally REQUIRED those millions under penalty of IRS enforcement? in the real world that's called EXTORTION.
#AHCA extorts from the middle class to pay 1 trillion in billionaire tax subsidies. Or did you think that tax cuts don't cost anyone? #GOP
How can the richest nation on earth contemplate ppl having to pay for healthcare
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Depraved-heart_murder …
Then why did you accept Obama after he broke these exact same promises?
Senator it is time to demonstrate the power of democracy and vote no on the disgusting healthcare bill the House passed today. Thank you.
We need you and all of your constituents to vote against this so called "fix"
Thank You @timkaine
I'm assuming PTSD from this administration won't be covered?
Y'all need to get some balls and shut this shit down before we all die!!! SHUT IT DOWN!!
Please do all you can to prevent this awful bill from passing the Senate. Those Virginians with preexisting conditions are counting on you
Thank you Tim!!! Please keep fighting for us.
Please fight to help us.
Please Senate. Don't let this happen!
Please make sure the Senate kills this travesty, Tim!
You're judging Trump by his promises?  This animal lies every time he takes a breath.  Time to fight him and @gop for real.
Hope u will be voted out of office.
PUTIN!
Did you?
Virginia counting on your no vote
Just as Obama did?
@MaestraOogway
@realDonaldTrump is a liar and said anything to get people to elect him.  I hope they remember the terrible thing he/GOP has done in 2018.
EO against Johnson act just destroyed separation of church and state by allowing church donations to go for supporting their candidate!
Promises from GOPs- a quaint, obscure concept that's 100% FAKE.
I feel totally defeated in this country right now.
Better yet...voters should never have voted for someone who made promises who had a reputation for being a pathological liar. #TrumpDontCare
Totally agree... this man clearly wants to screw over millions of Americans including women and children two groups he could care less for
Post your website for donations.  The fight begins today.  #Iama PreexistingCondition
I am ashamed to be represented by Tom Garrett, but grateful for you.
Great what do you have in mind
Tim Kaine the senate can make a difference if you all care about poor ppl trump an the GOP don't care they're rich
But he said the exact opposite during their little victory presser. They LIE
President Obama promised the American public that you would be able to keep your doctor if they wanted. But you do you. #repealobamacare
Good luck getting insurance now, super genius.
His "promises" have never been anything more than lies.
U also have to realize that Fake President @realDonaldTrump LIED! He's Pathological LIAR He won't stand by anything he says, admitted it!
Tim. Timtimtim Timmeroo The man's bg is weaseling out of paying people who had CONTRACTS.  AND YOU EXPECT HIM TO KEEP PROMISES? Grow a pair.
TRUMP belongs in prison. He can take his con act among convicts
Isnt the implementation phased:
Ph1: tax break 4wealthy & more$ 4CEOs NOW
Ph2 (2020): the public's plans effected. So 2018 made safer 4GOP?
Thank you in advance for doing all you can to stop the disaster that is the AHCA. I have friends and family counting on the ACA to get by.
I know that healthcare is difficult, but why can't we Repair the ACA and rein in Skyrocketing Costs! The Rich Richer at cost of the poor.
And who was the one Dem who voted for it?
Keep fighting @timkaine we are behind you!
Tim, what did you expect from a President who OPENLY PRAISES Dictators who MURDER their Citizens and Threatens Allies?

He's Putin's Boy
well sir. it's up to you supposed grown ups in the Senate.
Rise Up! Respond! #MakeThemPay
He breaks all promises ever.
Thank you for your efforts.   Get your fellow Senators on board - both D and R.  The R House does not care for the American people.
Hate to say it but when the Senate passes this bill it doesn't screw you and your colleagues. It screws the American people. Thanks a lot.
It is up to the Senate to fix this and devise a plan that is more acceptable to all.
@realDonaldTrump is a lying con man who has never told the truth.
Aside from AHCA, please keep working to expose all those behind the Russian interference.  SAVE OUR COUNTRY.
Thank you Senator Kaine!  Please protect Medicaid! My sons life depends on it!
When your lips move I do not trust that your words are honest. I did not vote for you because if this. Your ideas are for your benefit only
About 30% of the state will be helped by this Congressman opposing #Trumpcare
Thank you Sen. Kaine for your dedication to your constituents and our rights to affordable healthcare!
please DO YOUR JOB, SENATOR. VOTE NO
Please Senators. Defeat this evil bill that will lie heavy on the least of these.
