Keep fighting for us!!!
Um, Obama Care? Remember that one?
Oh, you mean the Obamacare that was open for debate for over a year, right?
Yeah, the one only debated on by Democrats.  The one I think we should let crumble on its own so it can be owned by Democrats.
Because, McDonnell wants to do it ALL himself.
Thank you Sir for speaking up



https://youtu.be/J5Z5o09yvO4 


Proud to speak at #Glastonbury - about the power we have together to build a country, and a world, #ForTheMany, not the few. 

So The democraps healthcare has collapsed and you don't think it's an urgent issue??? I can't take you seriously.
Just like we can't take fakey-fake trollbots seriously.

Can you imagine how Kaine would handle the attacks and false accusations that for months have been directed at the President?  He couldn't..
Agreed, Senator. ACA took a long time to develop, a change, no matter how small, can't be made in days.
Thank you for standing up against this terrible bill.  There will be deaths if this bill becomes law.
Just like you rushed Obamacare in without reading it.
ObamaCare is the Dem failure to provide Health Care to the People. Dem will not work w Rep on new. Let it all crash and blame Dem
We would like the same but Obama & Dem shoved ObamaCare down our throats, ripped off our money and All We Got was Hi Premiums!
You're resisting!  Remember?!
Just HOW are you going to convince the Senators to STOP, LISTEN and Read
I hope at least a few GOP senators listened to you. Thank you for all you do.
This coming from the party that gave us the ACA. Ruined the Heath Care system for tens of millions of Americans to give a free ride to a few
Thank you so much for eloquently & persuasively speaking not just for Virginians but ALL Americans. We love you Sen. Kaine!
There would be NOTHING wrong! The question is, why are they hiding it??? Thank you Senator for making our voices heard.
Kind of like Obama, and the Dems with his POS HEALTH CARE BILL. Quit whining.
Trump Hate the poor and All Human Life If your Not Rich 666
Trump care Suck
Have a question Sentator Kain... Why reinvent the wheel, when all we have to do is make the changes in a product that we already have????
I'm not a cranky woman, but today I was very cranky! Lies from GOP on the issues is propaganda to benefit the 2%
With this bill, drug companies might as well turn out the lights and go home...no one except the rich  will be able to afford the meds.
My daughters life at risk! Pls rt
Im kind of curious - do you actually think the gop cares at all about average people? Because if you do, you're too naive to be a Senator.
The bill is out now. You can go back to the President's four promises that you talked about on NPR to test if it's a good bill. (It isn't.)
Senator, did you see this?
Dozens arrested during ObamaCare repeal protests at McConnell's office: http://hill.cm/kiQY4DP  
I am so thankful this schmuck isn't in the White House.
That would be true if this was a health care bill. This is a tax cut bill. Also, the R's don't gaf.
Thank you Mr. VP.
You are right Senator! Make sure one of the new provisions in the health care bill requires all in #Congress to be covered by the new law!
Sorry Tim. You lost
Under Obama we had ObamaCare. Under Don T., we #DonTCare.
"We have to pass it to find out what's in it" - Nancy Pelosi 2010
Quit whining and show us the D plan to fix Obamacare. Or was it designed to fail, so the govt grab more control?
Now you want to have a discussion? Where we're you when Virginians we're suffering from Obamacare cost increases and $10k deductables?
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Thank you, Senator Kaine! Please talk to @JohnCornyn.  He won't listen to his constituents.
you lie
@timkaine Then If want to help then stop obstructing like the dems have since day one and actually submit good ideas.
You mean like what the Democrats did with Obamacare?  "Pass the bill then see what's in it - away from the fog of controversy!" #MAGA
NO Timmy, we need to get the Government the hell out of OUR healthcare program. BTW why did the DEMOCRAPS rush Obamacare or DEMOCARE!!
Tragic irony: most of those benefiting from #HealthcareBill 's taxcuts, oppose. Many hurt by bill in Trump's base, favor it. Utter futility!
And there is no sense trying to explain it to them. They are dumb as a box of rocks.
They won't listen to you because you make sense but they will hear the voters in 2018
I would love to see exactly what the wealthy 1% actually does to AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!
The GOP always wants to cut funds, programs, etc., that the poor & middle class relay on, just so the richer can get richer & hide 
Instead of taking your time to complain. why don't you take your time to discuss important issues on peoples health?
It's like the Obamacare fiasco never happened with you isn't it? When the shoe is on the other foot, just deny, deny, deny! No Honor at all!
DAILY NURSING HOMES TAKE HOMES, LIFE SAVINGS AND INHERTANCES FROM MIDDLE CALSS AND POOR WHO COULDN'T AFFORD LONG TERM INSURANCE.@SADAmerica
Medicare should not be touched it's something millons of us pay for out of our hard earned pay along w/SS. MORE THAN THE RICH/POLITICAN PAYS
Please this Unhealth Care Bill is only to give the rich more  & the people who work hard to make them rich be without care
No we need to not have a conversation about  it and let the market do the work
see more videos here ,read the text; Senate Tax Cut (“Healthcare”) Draft [with videos]
The problem is not that it is rushed, the problem is that it is evil, and will hurt the economy in addition to destroying American lives.
The two are inextricably entwined.
can not allow the vulnerable to be treated this way.. Medicaid does need a overhaul, fine but there's a way to keep the vulnerable protected
Congress has life time medical coverage for most illnesses.. they can not relate to reg Americans, how can they write up a new health plan?
Like the meaningful discussion you had for ACA. They will get right on that. Because of the way ACA was passed, we won't get a "discussion".
Paid troll
Kinda like what YOU guys did with Obamacare, Tim...??
Trollbot.
If you want an average Joe to be a part of a discussion, I will throw in my hat.
Stay strong, Virginia is behind you. We need good health care to keep America strong and working.
I thought he was still counting votes.
Where's your plan?
Its all about the love of money. Does anyone in congress have some common sense.
Where was the discussion the last time. You all didnt give a s**t then and you don't give a s**t now. Simply #obstructionists
#deathbill  @SenateGOP
What a powerful statement.  

/s
Obamacare wasn't rushed? "We have to pass it to see what's in it"
Please assure us you will not run for president in 2020.
Why are you calling for violence you Honduras boy visiting POS
You should have had 'meaningful discussions' w ur son as he was growing up. Perhaps he wouldn't be on his way to jail if u did
Rock it, Senator!
I am a social worker in hospice. This bill is the WORST thing that could happen! How will people survive? Take away MCD & replace with what?
... Says the Obama / Hillary voter who has not read the bill ...
Thank you, Senator.
Not like the rushed #DOP (Dumb, older party) #HealthcareBill #ppaca #aca #Obamacare #hypocrisy #politicalhack #nocredibly
Does this bill also mandate that members are exempt?
And pocketbooks
We need to put out a Medicare for all bill and let the informed people decide not 20 old white Republicans
Uh oh. Dad's angry. (Good. So am I. We _need_ him angry.) #SavetheACA
As you might be aware, members of the minority party don't get to decide allocation of time for debate. McConnell is preventing it.
McConnell-Trump Care.
Good
Then why aren't you trying?
