Who are you trying to convince? @TheDemocrats have no clue! This message is turning me away from the party. What about my family?
What about your family? I am a citizen, a Latina and mother of a disabled son. This message is for other Americans like me. Here is 1 for u
Yeah... I bet if he tweeted how many white people would lose insurance you'd take issue with his tweet. He's pandering plain and simple.
I wouldn't. Thx 4 reading my mind & w/o knowing me deciding what I would do. Latinos are part of his constituency whether u like it or not.
Then say Americans. He's profiling.
How many of those latinos are legal?
Repeal is the best option for all, but you keep pandering and pretending while pushing your hateful progressive propaganda
Are u talking about Illegals?  Not on my taxes!
Illegals, people on welfare. Keep an adding those numbers and that is the 22 million or whatever that number they report will lose it.
I want ppl who need it to have "welfare" and those w/o genuine need to be off.
Are they here illegally?
As a Latina with a disabled son I will do all I can to stop this #Trumpcare fiasco.
I don't know  one side voted Trump , on other side complain lose the coverage( that games very clearly concepts) why continue to vote
If lose the coverage for Trump; and then vote liberal or not vote ( nobody forced you must vote)???????
good maybe it won't be so inviting to give illegals insurance while Americans have to pay
They can get coverage in Mexico
You are the First I have heard use the RACE CARD for this bill. You're Statw must by so proud of you. Thank God you and her lost.
yah, but only 6 are legals
Its still your fault.  You had super majority to pass single payer. But you chose to keep taking big pharma money. You are the traitor.

Barbara Striesand! Time to scrap O'Care and work together on new plan.
Why are you just focusing on latinos? Seems odd.
R u talking about illegals again maybe u should take a loan to pay neighbors mortgages off#big spenders with tax dollars u didn't earn
What do you think obummercare did Timmy, guess you have to vote for it to see what's in it @NancyPelosi remember that timmy
Your lying like you did about Russia and Trump.
Oh Timmy , you Lie over and over again ? Can you say something productive ?
ONLY if they are ILLEGALS.  If they are LEGAL then they would have care.  Thats a fact.
When the senators and congress and their families will get on Trumpcare then it should be good enough for all Americans to use it.
You meant to say, "will elect to not buy insurance once the government stops punishing them for not buying it."
Add to that the EPA mucking up the water  and allowing more offshore drilling to increase health problems that won't be covered
Gosh, that's terrible.  What are your sources for those numbers please?
#VoteNO on Trumpcare. @SenCapito @SenCoryGardner @senrobportman @SenatorCollins @RandPaul @BillCassidy @lisamurkowski @DeanHeller
You rammed ACA through and didn't care about who it hurt. Now you are all caring. Why we need term limits. Two faced politicans
"could"? So, maybe not. I think this is BS
Under ObamaCare, more than a 100 million Americans lost healthcare due to increases in deductible where they could not afford to see a Dr.
Ts things like herding cats it's going 2 take time cuz U hv so many pulling n different directions We'll know by #July4th I know HC #complex
Unacceptable I hope you can help
Ram thru just like Obamacare got given to us sideways.  Please look at the chart Kaine
And the source of it is?
that is probably the reason they are being so callous & pushing through on it, can't forget the #GOP has become racist & Xenophobic w/ Trump
Pay attention #latinos ; this man knows what he's talking about !
USA: Demand to know how much of a tax break ur GOP guys stand to get. The health bill/ "wealth bill" will be easier to discuss in their face
They're gonna lose it anyway because Obamacare is dying
If it was GoP wouldn't bother to replace it! They know it won't fail but U don't get it
Unfortunately, you will make the right more determined with that argument.
I have so many ideas to assist with healthcare reform in this country. It desperately needs it. I'm not a pen pusher either, I'm a RN.
FIGHT, SENATOR!! ENOUGH USELESS RHETORIC!!! #ProtectOurCare
Why would Latino be affected different from non latinos?
Why is healthcare a preserve of the wealthy? Why do insurance companies dictate how doctors treat patients? Why is the system so terrible?
Are you TRYING to motivate McConnell to get this done? This sounds like a dream come true for the far right.
I'm sorry to say @realDonaldTrump and the @GOP just don't care.
Kids like Ashton who is severely autistic and needs his Medicaid for antipsychotics to not beat his head.  He's also nonverbal. #Ispeak4him
Ashton!
Yes, Senator. But imagine how many will have health insurance with single-payer health care where everyone is in, nobody left out.
Are you serious? I already pay 60% of my income in taxes and health ins premiums 1 payer can only b accomplished by taxing the middle class
It might be a good idea to just point out how many Americans, adults & children, could lose coverage l enough with the labels.
If you open your eyes! That's everywhere! It's ok to talk about minorities! Why do you have problems with it?
"could"? You're allowed to use more decisive language here, such as"WILL"!!!
To the current GOP that's actually considered a plus.
Making people dependent on the gov is the only way you know how to gain votes

Rough numbers today for Repubs on health legislation.

NPR/PBS/Marist
17% approve
…
Pandering to the illegal vote
Don't you know that republicans don't care about Latinos? They have brown skin.
What do you have to offer Mr Kaine?
#bullshit
Then their parents better get working and pay their own insurance. The working middle class is done paying it for them.
The working middle-class is also getting screwed. Wake Up!
I'm wide awake. You should probably take a remedial English reading and comprehension class.
