Years ago the democrats crafted a healthcare bill behind closed doors without republican input and only allowed 24 hr to review before vote?
There were over 100 hours of debate and 100s of Amendments presented by the Republicans. And ACA did not hurt people. This bill does.
What are you not understanding, Republicans were shut out of writing Obamacare. Obamacare has hurt people financially they cannot afford it.
I think we should hold public hearings on Washington D.C.'s Republicans!
Who is Tim Kaine? Oh yeah, the REAL reason Hillary lost the election... is he Russian?

they will but you dems only obstruct every plan put out you just want to obstruct instead of making suggestions.

Quit whining, Mitch McConnell will give you everything you want.
Do you approve of her statement or are you a hypocrite. The ACA had several hearings, amendments from the Republicans 
Why not now?
The AHCA has around a 20% approval rating. Republicans and Democrats both think the bill Congress passed is 
This is hilarious! Liberals crammed ACA down our throats & not a damn 1of you even read it or cared God I pray Va wakes up & throws you out

That would be common sense.
Why?  Obama didn't. The ACA, which is failing miserably, was fashioned behind closed doors. So much for BHO's promise of transparency.
"And we really have to back deals with Russia right?"
Why? Your party crammed Obama care down our throats.  You think the new plan is going to be just as bad as his?   Hardly!
YES!!! They should!
Sure. We will blow you out of water like all your libtard friends running for office in GA, SC, etc. We cometh for you next & RHINOS, too!!!
How much you wanna bet the 13 are all tied to Russia which is why even their own party is excluded from 'negotiations'?
People, RT and then pick up the phone, call your senators, and tell them to hold public hearings on their healthcare plan. #ShowUsTheBill
Or use Resistbot. Text the word RESIST to 50409. Enter your zipcode & it will find your your Reps & fax your messages to them.
Well, at least we know if they change ANYTHING in that disaster of a health care bill put forth by Pelosi, it will have to be an improvement
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/25/heres-how-much-members-of-congress-pay-for-their-health-insurance.html … Why do you get 78% of your Healthcare Gold Plan subsidized off the backs of the taxpayers? #CloserNation #Obamacare

Yes definitely!
Absolutely, Senator.  I personally think any legislator who secretly legislates in secret rooms should be immediately removed from office.
YOU DON'T NEED OUR PERMISSION TIMMY KAINE - GET IT DONE!!!
Our democratic form of govt  gives a party the right to hold secret meetings without hearing effecting 23 million people. This is democracy?
Or you'll just have to pass it to see what's in it I guess... worked last time, right?
Rt if you think Tim and Hillary should be investigated for voter fraud

Wouldn't you want to look at a complete Bill, instead of one that is incomplete. #justsaying
With open hearings & Town Hall Meetings, Repub's still said Dem's were ramming Obamacare down our throats. Repub's won't hold hearing or THM
Is that what u democRATS did w obamacare
no no no no no don't tell lying liberal democrats anything they screw it up
Hey,how are you doing
AS I told you weeks ago, you all need to grow up & be adults, not the brat children you act like, Your actions show you are unfit to lead,
Of course they should! Only cowards do things secretly
why does the 1%needtax cut on our backs?go forward notback show goodhelptheACA has done contrastit with this leg folks need to c$$
RT if you think @TheDemocrats' cucking for Shillary Clinton put us in a real mess... #DrumpfTheSwamp
Yes!
It is the right thing to do.  Policy behind closed door is always scary...
You have to pass before you can see what's in it according to Nancy Peliso.
#HoldTheFloor
Dems need to get on message fast - #AHCA is $800B tax cut for rich funded by taking healthcare away from elderly, poor & sick. Repeat
#WITHHOLDCONSENT and #FilibusterByAmendment !!!!!
Senator Kaine you in congress need to train on battering rams. This is ridiculous stop allowing it.  Legal measures needed fight back
Hack! Please go away!
I think it to the point that I also think you should do EVERYTHING you need to do to keep this bill from going any further. #ShowUsTheBill
They might as well because if they take healthcare from people who have it, there is going to be Trouble in River City.
They don't want to because they know it's Crap
WHY ARE THERE NOT PSA's flooding the airwaves informing ppl of the real life consequences of this bill?
no I think you should get off Twitter go get the real president and fight this crime that's been perpetrated against us
As much as the Democrats did for Bama care "We have to pass it to see what's in it" That's what the Democrats said  !
As long as that puke, Mitch McConnell is in charge, nothing positive will be done!
I believe your leader Pelosi said "You have to read it to know what's in it". What's good for the Goose is good for the gander. Got it? Good
I think you need to bring this country to a screeching halt
Actually I think congressional republicans all should resign and honorably commit Hari-Kari.. Except we know none of them have or know honor
Yes they should! A bill done in secret is no good!
You libs are out of your minds! The Titanic is sinking and you are still trying to rearrange the chairs!!
RT if you think Tim Kaine is a political hack who showed his true colors in debating the VP! What a jackass...
Given your command of the language, I think you should debate him.
I say!
List building, I recognize this behavior. It had better lead to a storm of amendments, that's all I have to say.
That's the plan
If Senators literally carry #Indivisible amendments, one by one ... that *WOULD* put some fire under the masses.
#ShowMeMedicareForAll
#Trumpcare is garbage @SenateMajLdr shameful
@SenateMajLdr PUBLIC HEARINGS! Ten hours is not enough!
@SenToomey Public hearings!
Better yet @housegop @senategop need to have this as their insurance too

#NoExemptionsFromTrumpcare
Did Obama?No
Yes
absolutely!
Actually, I won't rt after all.
I'll retweet and mention your son getting busted being violent at a trump rally and reminding everyone to be thankful you are not vp.
What are they hiding?
Hold the floor.  Thank you.
#HoldTheFloor

Bipartisan solutions to health care reform are possible w/ transparent debate. 7 GOP & Dem governors proved it.
http://apnews.com/8fb15952e63f4be784a721afcc2011cc/GOP,-Dem-governors-call-for-changes-in-House-health-bill …
Guess they'll just have to pass it so you can find out what's in it. #SoundsFamiliar #WhereHaveIHeardThatBefore
That's a no brainer; & since there are no brains n the GOP u would think even they would c this looks like they r trying 2 screwAgain!

If it will affect everyone then the leaders should discuss it with our representatives That means Dems, Repubs, & indep  this is a Democracy
Not anymore
Filibuster by amendment if necessary!
Why aren't you our VP? This country is sorely lacking leadership right now.
An attack on 23 million of us means would mean what then Ryan of the cheese dick?
RTd now promise you will vote against it and do everything in ur power to get 3 repubs to do so as well
I think all Dems should hold town halls in their states/nearby states where @GOP refuses to have them...like..Miami...@marcorubio refuses
Of course the Senate should hold public hearings on a major rework of our #healthcare coverage.
Every.
Single.
American.
Will be impacted.
#Trumpcare #ShowUsTheBill #HoldTheFloor 
Death panel bill is not healthcare
Roger wilco
Where is Trump Federal subpoena? Americas waiting on it.
I've called Tom Cotton & John Boozman's office more times than I can count since the 2016 election. They are complacent & Womack's NO better
Uh ...we don't pay taxes to be kept in the dark !!!!!
Not a chance loser...
No we should hold you responsible for the GOP assignation attempts at the ballpark.
#ImpeachTimKaine
Absolutely is something we all should knows!
Senator, it breaks my  that you're not the Vice President. Yes, I retweeted, but this administration is so much worse than I imagined 
Lol thank the lord he's not.
Way back in 2010 C-SPAN pleads with Reid , @NancyPelosi to open final drafting sessions for Obama's healthcare bill
http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/washington/2010/01/democrats-reid-pelosi-healthcare-cspan.html …
You have to wait until it passes to see what's in it @NancyPelosi
Why @theDemocrats didn't for #Obamacare If I remember @NancyPelosi passed in middle of night with 0 @GOP votes Paybacks a bitch #MAGA
Retweet and call your senators.  Lets be smart. We
Yes. We all deserve to know the truth.
@tedcruz @JohnCornyn we expect public healthcare hearings #ShowUsTheBill
Call them, too!  I phoned Cornyn's office today and talked to a real person. Left a msg with Cruz. This means not enough of us are calling!
Did Dems do the same for Obamacare???
Just like the Obama admin and the Dem. senators did. And while I agree as Americans we should. Pay backs a bitch. Timmy
Let your nuts hang bro
It's a no brainer. WTH is going on in the Senate?!
Compromise is the name of the game while working for the American people.
Hi call me at 864 228 7584
It's too late. Shut them down.
@GOP cowards do not to face their constituents as the rake away their HC; makes it easy to lie and use Fox fake News
Senator I hope to see you speaking tonightas your fellow Dems #HoldTheFloor and #ProtectOurCare
#holdthefloor
How about giving us an update on your obviously "stoned all the time"  son?
You behave by example! This is why the republicans can't get anything done! Angry behavior! Instead of attacking go address real issues!
How about a like would a like work?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YqZBwwyZvQ …
Even though I live in WA State, is there anything I can do .. anyone to call?
Dude we are sick of you. You rally people to go against Trump, even your own son.
they dont give a fucking shit about anyone
#HoldTheFloor !! Drown Mitch in Amendments. #Trumpcare #wealthcare
You sickening hypocrite... That isn't how Democrats treated the ACA, despite campaign promises by the Liar in Chief, Barrack Obama.
Absolutely! No transparency whatsoever from the GOP.
Godfather's Pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain.
You're the best, Senator!!!
