Liar this is due to obamacare failing in VA, how about the truth for a change. Ops forgot you are a dem and Dems always lie
They had no hearings, no studies, no CBO analysis, not even text of a bill circulated the day before the vote.
Aetna is a dog of a health insurance company. They are leaving the marketplace to punish the government for refusing their merger! We see it
Precisely! Read their 2015 annual report & their 2016 financial stmt. NOT losing money & complained about the Humana deal in the 2016 stmt.
Exactly right my friend!
Nice try, Bozo. What's your excuse for all other companies leaving OBAMAcare? Dimms own it!
Real life consequences of Ocare you bid dummy.
this is b/c the GOVT under Dems INS. spend money in bad ways for  bad hip& knees parts for 70or 80olds who sit all day wrong
They are leaving because Obamacare is failing. Admit it!
They handle my disability benefits, per my union/employer contract. I'm worried about the unknown.
Do you write this stuff with a straight face?
Sadly, I think he/republicans will make the same statement about the ACA.  Our US Rep said he believes healthcare is NOT a basic human rt!
Oh yeah, THAT's why they're leaving ... look in the mirror!
AETNA is manipulator & political for greed Pres Trump #potus45 promised expanding / better. SHAME, No ACHA. @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell
Weird how ppl blame Obama for the increases but never mention ceos making millions and getting millions in bonus. Save the ACA protections.
Who do you think allowed them the increases in premium?. Obama promised up the increases would be government controled. Another lie.
Republicans didn't control congress when Obamacare was passed.
Aetna pulled out of other states back when Obama was prez. Is Trump to blame for that?   ACA terrible
The way the premiums have been for AHA seems like it is for the rich. My husband on sociand premium is more than third
It's great for people like your friend, but when folks have a 10,000 deduc. With premiums of 750 a month it's hardly good insurance. My bro.
. They Are Leaving Under Obamacare There Is No Trumpcare
I'll never understand how the great "dealmaker" can't just deal with the insurance companies?fix Obama care  Easy!
What an idiot...Call Hillary and see if she has a little extra time so you can cry on her shpulder
Liar Aetna was leaving way before Today stop blaming Trump
Are you actively working to get moderate Republicans to a NO vote today? That's what we need from you NOW.
That's ridiculous they leaving because they are losing money.
You know, it only takes a few seconds of research to prove you wrong. Aetna has not been losing money. Profits are higher than expected.
Losing money on Obamacare in VA that's a fact.
fake news!  Really you should be ashamed but you're a politician so its impossible
This is NOT fake news. It's true. Educate yourself.
hopeless.   Its obamacare hes talking abt. What other health plan is there?
My god
I think you have it backwards. Obama and the democrats caused a massive increase in unsustainable losses to insurance companies.
In what side are you ? with we the people or AETNA ? estas con los agiotistas del mercado, they can leave this is a free market, corrupt
Can States begin creating a fall back plan if they kill the ACA?  People will die if this happens.
Yeah but explaining what happened goes in one ear and out the other
Real life consequence of a poorly thought out law.  Real life consequence of a massive beauracracy posing as private sector.
You're a fraud- they're leaving because of obamacare- which is swirling the drain
You can't blame Trump! Obamacare is still the law of the land!
Speak up and speak out, @timkaine. This is horrifying for us regular citizens who will be affected by Republican nonsense.
Please stop any E. O. that allows discrimination against LGBT Community! U are the President for all people includ. LGBT Community!
@Aetna @AetnaHelp #virginia #ACA I will never consider #Aetna insurance  you left families scrambling 4 #healthcare not good 
how can we be sure he didn't promise them a payoff if they pull away to ensure an Obamacare collapse, what others are talking like this?
Insurers have been bailing on the ACA and more were expected to leave long before Trump became the pres
You were equally concerned for all those who lost their coverage, doctors, hours and/or jobs, to give others a free ride, yes?
I can see Tim you don't have Aenta
Premiums are Up
Coverage is down
Deductibles are out of reach 
They won't even agree to a MRI 
Torn R.Cuf

STOP lying to us Timmy!! Trump hasn't been in office long enough. It's Hussein Obama's FAILED HEALTHCARE! Vets Vote Laura Ingraham, Tims out
If the dems had done the right thing to begin with and passed a single payer system we wouldn't have this problem
What happened to decency?
A market place you yourself created and claim to be wonderful for folks
Actually, it's a product of a system designed to fail due to artificially capped premium ratios and moral hazard.
Right again, Senator Kaine!
Are you kidding,  I think that was all of you last 8 years. Give me a break
Tim it's a result of Obamacare... cmon man!!
@timkaine, Aetna should be prosecuted for having attempted to extort merger approval by lying to the gov't and threatening ACA withdrawals.
I don't get it. If 35 is such a good deal maker why doesn't he sit down with the Insurance CEO'S amd tell them to charge less?
I hope you  are still voting against Trumpcare.
You should not allow them, or any carrier,  to sell commercial or Medicare business in any market unless they participate in ACA.
I believe in the ACA and I think that the Obama administration will go down in history as one of the most caring and progressive we've had.
DT and Rep have deliberately sabotaged ACA.  I haven't seen congress hold any meetings inviting insurance CEO's to testify
Please talk to @GOP members to vote NO
These trumplins are dumb.
The problem is with the Insurance companies.
Yet Aetna has a better than expected 2016.
Guess again. Consequences of the government taking over the free market.  Kinda like "if you like your doctor". Democare was built on lies
Trump???  Aren't we still under Obamacare?
The only thing that matters in America is making a buck, including government officials.  Change it if you dare or care.
Hah we all know the real reason they are leaving and it's not Trump! #Obamacare
Insurance companies need to be held accountable - biggest #Scam in the US
Are you kidding...???  Aetna and other insurers were ALREADY leaving Obamacare.  You're such a political spin artist...other see it Tim
Dem propaganda. Aetna bailing w all others out of the failed ObamaCare when the Dem want to nurse it on life support system.
Are you insane?
need work cuz it was rushed through d congress. Now there needs to b adjustment 2 assure d insurance companies don't leave #bestforthepeople
Why not be honest Both Obamacare and Trumpcare are terrible Single payer hc is the only solution. Btw, why aren't you on Obamacare?
Oh yeah, politicians are crooks, almost forgot. 
what needs 2 be done is a comprehensive progam that's fair 2 ALL parties involved I know from my medical backgrnd d #Obamacare wud n time
Oh yea after everyone has died cuz cant pay deductibles
#dumbasstrumpcare for u @MaxineWaters @maddow @Lawrence @CharlesMBlow @CharlesMBlow @AC360 @RepCummings @JoyAnnReid @jaketapper @donlemon
What a terrible company. An airline can be shamed for mistreating customers, why can't insurance companies.
And it's also evident that Aetna is working with trump to destroy ACA
@all the ACA need is a fix
...a madman is @  the helm...utterly nonsensecal  confusing spouting, war edging, madman...Prayers...
You really can't be that dumb or you think we are. Amazing you were picked as a VP candidate.
Every time I think about what you could have accomplished as Vice President, I fight to control the urge to weep for my country.
What a disgrace
Why is it no one's using bully pulpit to put pressure on insurance companies themselves???
He will have a lot to answer for.
Hypocrite! You've been in office how long? You & the likes of you do NOTHING BUT play politics with healthcare. That's why people go broke!!
Brace yourself, it's just getting started.
Not good Aetna!
And what did Hillar. Are and Obama care do!!!!
Aetna only wants to insure healthy people. My premium w/them  is $800+ with $6000 deductible. Will probably lose my insurance if AHCA passes
What ? That's freaking ridiculous...
They're leaving because Obama care is nothing but crap
Weapons-grade hypocrisy... or maybe you are actually that dumb.
Just so he can say he was right, he's making millions of Americans ill.
.Be honest this failure has nothing to do with Trump. He should let it implode. You are not called DemoRATS for nothing
You did this. There must be a DNC seminar on how to blame anything on anybody.  I have never seen a group so afraid to look at themselves.
Thanks for fighting for us!
@mtbert Aetna CEO Mark Bertolini must like his annual compensation of @$27mil--Aetna is not a "health care" co.-- it is a financial company
They have lost my respect and soon my business.
No, electing you as VP would have been uncertainty for the republic. As luck would have it Virginians ended up with the door prize.
Please stop embarrassing yourself and Virginia. I'm asking nict
another reason happy HRC lost wheew
I lost my Aetna federal plan.  Not happy, higher premium with bcbs and higher rx costs.  It's all broken
No it's not. It's the real life consequences of not dealing with the actual COST OF HEALTH CARE. #insuranceisnotbroken

Aetna should not be allowed to sell any health insurance policies  anywhere in the nation.
Bull it's because of @BarackObama. You spent too much time with @HillaryClinton. What are you doing to fix the issues facing Virginia
DT plays politics with every aspect of our life; not sure why he wants to penalize the middleClass. Time for DT to go away.
Not going anywhere anytime soon.  Buckle up
More like the consequences of #Obamacare.  #FullRepeal is needed #STAT
Aetna has "played" the government since the disapproval of its merger with Bayer.
This sums it up well.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkodTydUR0E …
Iowa only has Medica, which they too are considering leaving. (Started out with 3 companies.)
Didn't Aetna report "record earnings"? Maybe you need to force plans to participate or they can't do business in US.
That's the solution -- if they want to sell policies anywhere, they have to also sell on the Marketplace. Simple.
Even Clinton was willing to admit how nuts O'Care is. It's okay to apologize Tim.
I say won't matter because they will use all the money anyway on something it might as well be healthcare. We are too big for Socialized med
OMG this is Obamacare - has nothing to do with Trump.  This is on you.
ACA is unduly complicated and AHCA will be no better. Maybe it's time to have an honest debate and consideration of single payer healthcare.
Is that what he's doing or is he showing people that ObamaCare was the worst thing ever.  Won't matter, I want private insurance back.
Nobody cares what you think Kaine. You need to drop out of sight and take HRC with you.
That was gonna happen before Trump came along. And you know that.
#MedicareForAll is the best, most popular solution!
Trump?!? It's Obamacare you dope
Your full of crap, Aetna's been threatening to leave since last year, when U thought U were sure you would be VP.
Senator, please just admit the for profit healthcare system is failing.
Aetna didn't leave because of Trump, they left because your debacle Obamacare is dead.
Trump occupying 1600 Pennsylvania ave creates painful real life consequences for everyone
Not me.
Sen Kane, in Fairfax Aetna had deductibles up to $20K per year.  The CSB saw many ppl who needed tx, but could afford deductible. ACA a mess
Ppl were insured, couldn't afford care. BTW, INOVA partnered w Aetna to form those costly plans. Two ppl in family sick?  Deductible = $40K
This info from CSB Operations Mgr
Retired
Perhaps medicare for everyone is in order. How might we help make that happen, Senator?
Isn't that what Obama did with his secret waiting lists while veterans died?
GOP had years to out revisions in place to protect vets and chose not to.  You fail at  SPIN
Aetna is playing hardball, to make ACA fail
Aetna has there largest earnings ever.
But want more, 
They should not even be allowed to exist.
That's what I've saying too.
They're trying to scare people... "tell everyone the market is collapsing" and then screw us over #Trumpcare #notmypresident
Ha sound Obama , well , he is now like it or not. We had to put up with Obama for 8 yrs. u can't take 100 days?? #whatajoke
We need single pay healthcare.
More of a reason for a single payer system.
That's quite a revisionist history considering we are still under Obamacare.
Hopefully it will be gone very very soon!
No Kaine, it's because of the Obamacare crap you Dems supported! For once tell it like it is! No wonder the Dems r going under!
Kaine it will be DECADES before u see another Dem POTUS, if then!
When do we start seeing transparency on them? Cherry picking only heathy...no plan will ever work with the fox in charge!!
it has nothing to do with Trump it has everything to do w/Obama & Dems shitty ACA bill they passed into law though
GOP - party without moral compass.
No. It was preordained.
Absolutely right, Vice President Kaine!!!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Did the insurance company COEs visit Trump prior to his announcement to run for President? No way they just run away from free $$$.
PLEASE!!! They announced they were leaving LONG BEFORE Trump was elected. Tell the truth!!!!
They lied about why they were leaving and a judge called them out. Trump uses them as an example which is wrong
Oh really? Try again. 
How is this funny???
he's lying the ACA has caused them to leave not Trump. Dems like Kaine should look in the mirror
still not funny. Also Rs have obstructed rather than work w Ds to fix.  Sad.
maybe Ds should admit they passed a shitty bill and work with GOP to pass a good one.
theyve said there were issues & tried to get cooperation. Isnt that enuf?
no they don't control Congress and ACA is s big reason for that
The left probably think it's Trump's fault they had to pass Obamacare before they could read what was in it
