Kaine is such a fighter for Virginians!  Thanks Sen Kaine!
Unlike you, I actually am a Virginia resident. Fairfax county here!  Kaine is AWESOME!
Hey Sen Kaine.... You're GREAT! Seriously. I'm so happy to have you as my Senator!!
so mitch mcconell is extending Sen in 3rd wk of Aug? wonder if someone is worried impeachment is close at hand
Do they have jobs? Are they productive members of society paying their fair share of taxes or do they sit at home & vote 4 a living?
Hi, yes both my husband and I work and pay taxes, as do all of the families the senator spoke with! Listen to the audio for more info 
And you know that as fact because you were right there vetting each and every person he supposedly spoke with on Obamacare right? Delusional
so nice to see someone who cares about his constituents unlike my TX senators @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz
Move to Virginia!  We love nice people. You are welcome here!
Next time, tell these people to get a job--#Medicaid is bankrupt (just like our country)
Hi, yes both my husband and I work and pay taxes, as do all of the families the senator spoke with! Listen to the audio for more info 
As do I.  Millions don't and our country is bankrupt.  It's time to Starr cutting back before it's too late for all of us.
Did you comment on the wrong story?  Everyone in this one has jobs/insurance! Maybe you should listen again?
kaine is about as smart as a box of rocks
Medicaid is a hammock for generational abuse.  Most Virginia moms are not on Medicaid.
Not only self sufficient but be able to export it to Europe to loosen the grip Russia has over them. That has to be great for us & Europe.
Pre existing conditions must be covered!
Preexisting conditions are already covered & caused my forced insurance 2 go up! Either you are screwed or I'm screwed! Someone's gonna lose
pretty sure you're confused with the woman who wanted it tell her story about Obamacare nightmare and not trumpcare
Imagine that, you stab the people in the back that voted u in by closing their main source of income for some snowflakes.Guess I showed them
Keep fighting, pls! I was seemingly healthy & then diagnosed w/ cancer @ 32. My daughter was 2. I'm on lifelong meds & check-ups!
I was diagnosed w/cancer 2! My premiums went up 2 $982.46 for just me! I CANT AFFORD 2 USE MY FORCED INSURANCE COVERAGE DUE 2 HI DEDUCTIBLE
Maybe if u wouldn't side with Hillbillary and her crones shutting down mines they would have money to buy insurance and not Obama mao care
Thank you!! But not supporting Drathcare is a low bar, please support a single payer system! Every other developed nations has one...
That's treason
not only that but ind hlthcare has kept us in a box w our hands tied until Ocare. My child w autism will loose
Could you also potentially mention that we need to impeach the freaking president?
The president hasn't done anything that warrants impeachment but hey....I'm sure your lame azz party will keep trying!
I guess he thinks he will be accused of treason by the other libtards
funny because #medicaid is the lifeline of the Democratic Party #truth #findAgoodDentist
Are you taking your son with you ? Heard he was arming himself for another rally. Did these women read the ACA?or u blowing smoke again?
So you can LIE to people about how they'll lose coverage? Let ppl know what a liar u are and how it is bc they'll CHOOSE not to sign up.
You are right @11princessdita, because many people will choose not purchase health insurance since there is no mandate like Obamacare.
SENATOR KAINE SAVE MEDICAID; TOO MANY PEOPLE DEPEND ON IT! IT SAVES MILLIONS OF LIVES!
Too many ppl is right! The truth is too many ppl who can't afford ins. Are paying for all those that REFUSE TO GET A DAMN JOB!
I will die if this bill is passed.  @SenateDems @SenBobCasey @TuesdaysToomey @NationalADAPT #KillTheBill
I'm sorry to hear that. Many people will be hurt too. That's why we are lucky Sen Kaine will fight for us!
pass legislation allowing sales of medical insurance across state lines. Market competition will bring down prices!!!
Will you share what working Virginians, who are forced to pay into but cannot afford the system, have to say? Well? Will you?
Democrats only care for those who can't work and those who refuse to work! They stick it to those that DO WORK & PAY TAXES!
Find a way to put people to work - NOT put more people on the government dole.  No MAGIC MONEY TREES in USA Tim. QUIT BUYING VOTES.
We are tired of you taking our hard earned money and giving it to the lazy people. If they can't pay their family needs to help them! Not me
How about you tell all the lazy people to get a job and pay for their own insurance. I've had to work for what I have. Why can't they work.
So Virginia moms are relating stories about how Trumpcare (not yet passed) is affecting their lives? I didnt know clairvoyance was real
But Medicaid doesnt improve health outcomes according@to this peer reviewed study:
Why are they more important than my friends who can't afford the new premiums? #medicare #Trumpcare
Hey Tim let the taxpayers c your healthcare benefits WATCH here is a guy who can't shut up
NOW he's no comment Tim SHOW TAXPAYERS 
Senator
Medicaid is a career choice 4 most otherwise they wld get their education and then get a job to get off it. Let's just keep ppl dependent
You were my Governor, now my Senator - I thank God every day that Donald Trump is my President and Hillary is not! Please tell the truth!
.@timkaine VAs w/disabilities & their families need U 2 cosponsor S.910 Disability Integration Act 2 protect #HCBS.
It truly is. Thank you @timkaine.
Cut the bullticky!  Work across the isle and stop belly aching.  This obstructionist is up for re-election in 2018.  Vote him out, unite us
You mean so you can lie about Trumpcare
Let's talk about collusion... And Antifa. And your son, perhaps? 
#glasshouses
Don't let them repeal the ACA.  Trump's DeathCare plan is an abomination.
This Virginian's insurance rates have tripled under Obamacare.  Thanks for nothing Dems.
Hey Kaine, was it treason when your campaign paid for and used oppo research from Ukrainian sources? Looks like you committed treason too.
They aren't cutting medicaid so stopping acting like they are do your friggen job you aren't there to "resist"
Yes.They.Are
No they aren't the democrats are lying to everyone maybe you should read the bill yourself
Why didn't you share that insurance company's are leaving Virginia because Obamacare SUCKS
Maybe u should spend time teaching ur son not to be violent.Shameful!
maybe jr should have deleted emails like your crooked partner
Fox News ( Tim Kaine was a crummy attorney and is a piss poor politician he really needs to read a law book

They don't need Medicaid Expansion, they just need,,,
As a fellow Kansas Citian: you are an embarrassment to our city, state and country.  @TrumpGirlStrong @seanhannity
I can't wait for your reelection.  I will vote anyone but you.  
Thanks
You are a nut.
Thank you for fighting for #VA & working hard to save & improve our #healthcare
You don't do yourself any favors with these unhinged TV interviews. The world is always going to end lol. Hysterical nonsense
Maybe you should stop and look up the word "treason".  What an idiot!
How do we decide what mom's said, and what you made up lies about?
he's as useless as a sock with a hole , why bother with a liar


Hey Kaine, how do you get to be a senator and not know what treason is? You're a clown.
socialism sucks and will never work. Took the Romans down thousands of years ago!  you lost because of Obamacare, plain and simple
Tim you're an insult 2 humanity that bitch Hillary U ran with. She had illegal server & that's how the Russians infiltrated our elections
We don't no you now go a way Tim
Obama care is crap, what did they do before Obama care? They worked, had full time jobs and survived. But you and HRC lost, and a joke.
You, sir are a fraud and a crook. The truth is coming.
This should be of concern
Need to get these stupid democrats out of office...
Perhaps you should begin in your house, Comrade Kaine?
I live in Virginia and Tim is the worst senator ever.wake up and do your research.
Why don't u go and bail your criminal son out of jail?  #Criminalfamily
Virgina hates Tim ...why are you trying to. Make me pay more money to live in Virginia...pay more taxes. No thanks.
Maybe U shld tell ppl in Virginia the truth that Pres Trump will NOT hurt them like Obama hurt middle class.Stay home & attend 2 UR children
Dependence on govt programs long term is not the solution!

Did u care about the millions of people who got fined or lost their heath insurance because of obama care bet not.
The US Senate consists of 96 Senators...3 IDIOTS ( Kaine..Sanders..Warren )..and a guy from another planet!! Al Franken!! We're in TROUBLE!!
Thank God you and Hillary are miles away from the White House.... your son is Anifa rioter.
did you really read Obamacare before you passed it, if so why didn't you tell Pelosi what was in it?
How about sharing the suggested misuse of gifts and money.  Virginia full of lazy fed employees got their way with two worthless lying senat
y not tell ur constituents Medicare will increase by 68% under #gop plan not ACA. U don't no math & r lying 2 Americans 4 votes!!
They told you 2 million people will lose their "wonderful" Obamacare in the second quarter of 17. Does that equal 1.73 million dead...? Gov
Perhaps you need to worry more about your own family. Seriously!
Hey Tim, during the election my wife said you looked like the kind of guy that likes the smell of his own farts. I think you do.
I am on your Obamacare and my premiums doubled and I can't use it till I reach 7500 deductible anything is better then your POS
Is your son still in jail
Obama added many to Medicaid to hide flaws in obama care
Expanded Medicaid was an integral part of the ACA. Same as allowing people to remain on their parents policy
Please do Tim. God bless!
I used to get upset with you but now I know you just can't help it. You just don't know any better and apparently never will. Such a shame.
I heard your comments today about treason regarding Trump JR, what a joke you are. Lower the rhetoric right Senator 
Great. Provide necessary services, but STOP turning a blind eye to waste.
Always after me Lucky Charms
Why listen now. You sure as hell didn't when America did not want Obamacare. Worst vp candidate ever.  Don't be mad just get some help.
Bernies wife is a criminal and so is your son but no one on Trumps end has any proof against them.  If so charge them. Will never happen
No proof of anything on trump. It's a diversion from Hillary, Lynch, Comey, leaks, unmasking, meetings on a plane, sell uranium to Russia.
Treason really! Trump is the president and you and Hillary are out you're both losers
Is this treason Tim?
You were the ideal running mate for Hillary since you are both losers.
Replace Obamacare it's a penalty for working Americans
Quit complaining and come up with a better solution.  Obamacare is failing!  Do your job and fix it!
Partner with Bernie Sanders on Health care reform. Unite the party!
Wondering if u could also pursue withdrawing security clearance 4 Jared
Was it all VA Mothers or just the hand picked ones that agree with u taking people's money to pay for other people's stuff? #Taxationistheft
I'm sure whatever they told went way over your head.
How about that we can no longer afford our plans and that Etna innovation health care is leaving as well and we need to find new ins
Oh yes you only care about the the expanded Medicaid not us hard working citizens that can no longer afford premiums with 7200.00 deductible
At least you had time to READ THIS BILL.  Unlike the nightmare you goofballs passed.
and obamacare is the funeral.
Treason? Get a clue. You, are PURE evil. Go away Satan, go away. You should be tried for treaso for looking & sounding gay$ 
Good.  Your going to get unseated
Trying to incite the overthrow of the United States Government is...ah..hmmm, what is the word I'm looking for ?? Ah yes..."TREASON".
YOU ATTACK POTUS AND HIS SON YOU BETTER LOOK AT YOUR OWN HOUSE AND WORRY ABOUT CLEANING IT UP YOUR SON IS A CRIMINAL AND WAS ARRESTED.
please share how the ACA have caused my premiums to skyrocket....will you tell the full story?
You mean the lies you shared w them. Hey #Virginia VOTE OUT KAINE
Apparently yr staff dosen't look at tweets. Read the tweets below and get a feel for the disdain/contempt VA people have for u.
Why don't y'all stop exempting yourselves from health care if it's all so good?
.@SenKamalaHarris 
.@SenatorCollins 
.@SenFeinstein 
.@marcorubio 
.@marcorubio #Traitor #SR118 #HR257  .@RepKayGranger .@RepMarthaRoby
Donald Trump jr. and treason you ran with the biggest crook in history and 2x loserYou will forever be linked with Hillary Clinton

Thank you Senator Kaine keep up the good work! #SaveOurCare
Thank GOD everyday this ass lost!! God is definitely smiling on AMERICA. Pray he never stops! 
Thank you for continuing to fight for Virginians Tim!
And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion that they should believe a lie
Medicaid is paid for by people that work, and the people that work get the crappy plan thanks to #Obamacare #RepealAndReplace
we should all get medicaid and politicians get obamacare they would fix it fast then
Isn't that the truth
Tim - You are a disingenuous political hack. You know there is nothing going on with Trump jr & the russians. Pay backs will be hell for you
If the President cured cancer, ended world famine and achieved world peace, your hatred and jealousy would still pour out... how sad!
Why didn't u say Hillary commited Treason when she allowed some 20% of U.S. uranium to go to Russia. Hypocrite Go after real criminals
You should worry about your own son he has all the hallmarks of a sociopath
oh yeh and obamacare is the greatest right?  Greatest pos healthcare bill ever FORCED upon the US, NO ONE VOTED FOR THAT GARBAGE.....
Tim voted to Put Va Moms on Medicare but exempted Senators Family & Staff
Guy girl who knows that's the 100000 thousand question
Dont forget to remind them what obama Care did for them!
Kaine needs Trumpcare so he can get a discount on his mental health meds. Kaine is the ultimate DC Swamp Rat.
Get off your soap box. We don't need more Medicaid. Get govt out of health insurance now crook.
And there are countless mothers and fathers in every state of the US who are also deeply afraid and concerned.  Thank you.
U sir r not a good person u r a lier a fake a cheat and I think god everyday that u and that person just like did not win
Do Americans a favor, allow us to heal.Retire & get out of our http://lives.You  will be accountable to your creator
