Will you denounce Antifa? https://youtu.be/4G8QLT6tFWU 
He can't he would have to denounce his Antifa son
The violence in Charlottesville is what you suggested the Dems do back in January or February. Did you forget?
He didn't forget it as he never suggested it. Sweet post though.
CLOWN Speak
I hope you tell everyone it was the Dem mayor and governor who allowed the violent clashes in order to damage Trump.
But then he would be lying.
Just keep drinking that kool-ade
Just provide actual facts to support your claims.
As reported, the police were ordered to stand down and to not keep the different groups separated. The AG investigation will determine who.
With state police involved, there was at least tacit approval from the governor. Police were not allowed to intervene until violence occured
Again actual facts please.
Wouldn't miss it for the world, Tim. Best comedy show on TV- you, Crazy Joe and wacky Mika! A barrel of laughs #MAGA #POTUS #draintheswamp
I'd rather watch mold grow under the decomposing carcass of the Democratic bourgeoisie.
Look like your son is too perfect either look like he got a criminal record so what we going to do about the convicted felons now
His son is an ANTIFA pooh boy.
I think Tim Kaine molested him when he was a little boy
Cud U C Y not one single nazi has been arrested 4 the assault of Deandre Harris? Yet Durham has arrested 3 ppl for pulling down a statue? 

You're qualified to do one thing: change the oil in my car. Stick to that.
Get Hillary to help fund raise for DNC
Why help her are you forgetting it's the same woman that called blacks animals in the 90s

You pull that one out there hat right there nobody know who she's there she founder of 
 their parent plan hood I like one
#dumpsterfire
Senator Kaine- you were terrific today. You give me hope that our country can work together to solve some of our biggest problems. Well done
Looking forward to your insight and leadership as a member of Armed Services Committee.
KKK and Confederate Heros are  part of Democrat Party history.  Claim it.
ANTIFA is on you buddy.
I still do nt see you condeming ANTFI they attacked the police in Boston, burned our flag and dragged a old lady carrying one U OKwith that?
How do you ignore fact your own son was arrested for violence as an ANTIFA member! HYPOCRITE!
POTUS condemned hate groups of all kinds! I haven't heard you, or your party condemn ANTIFA, a fascist group much larger than WS
@timkaine The @FBI has News for you !
You need to run for President Senator Kaine, I'd vote for you! Seriously, you should consider a 2020 run!
Yes because he is relevant??
Senator please help Dems fix their national message.  Dems are the party of "people"  for better wages  better jobs  better education
If I were in your shoes Mr. Kaine I wouldn't be shooting my mouth on TV. Your son is a CRIMINAL....
GREAT JOB BRINGING HIM UP !!!!!!!
What is the difference between your son and the Neo Nazi's in Charlotte .......registered Democrat
Maybe you can explain to morning joe, what the deal is with your son. SWEPT UNDER THE RUG!!!!
Sorry can't stand to watch Morning Joe he sucks
That's it, stir up some more hate! Identity politics + Marxism is ur weapon and sons. Heal, don't divide us!
your son was arrested at a riot he belongs to antifa who took there name from a communist party during WW 2.This was the violent group
Can't wait to vote your lying butt out
Fail. Both of you. Fail.


Please!  Take your hatred that you're spewing now and during the campaign and shove it!  Guess you Democrats haven't learned anything!
Are you going to talk about your butthurt at not getting the VP slot?  Butthurt is about all you're qualified to discuss.
Time for impeachment or 25th Amendment, please. Our country is at risk with a mentally ill president tearing it apart.

Maybe @Morning_Joe can ask you about protesters http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/26/tim-kaines-son-charged-after-trump-rally-scuffle/ …
Race baiter, is al going to be there ?
Really
This is the kind of guest you deserve.

Hope you talk about why you and crooked Hillary supported the Nazis in 20011!
Awwww how cute. Someone doesn't know what a nazi is.
Check out The Humanity Party @ http://humanityparty.com 
Morning Joe!!!!!!!The real deal in the A.M.
I stopped watching, not good for my soul.

Wasn't his son arrested for rioting with #ANTIFA? https://twitter.com/timkaine/status/897569350043009024 …
You have no original thoughts, just keep regurgitating same leftist garbage. Fortunately no one believes FAKE NEWS CNN.
Well this guy was running under Hillary so criminals of a feather..... you know the rest.
Why don't you talk about this...
Are you trying to cover your tracks after your very poor judgement at Charlottesville? You let your politics get in the way of common sense.
Mika Joe & Tim. The way to start your morning crazy
There are so few Nazis we just ignore them instead your counter parts pay for them to go and disrupt shut down free speech and face off leos
HILLARY CLINTON'S PUPPY DOG
Kaine,your in left wing heaven with Joe. Both of you can spew your Trump hatred and get praise from other Trump haters. Partisan hack!
Commie reunion ? Is your son the ANTIFA terrorist coming along ?
.Was worthless woody at Charlottesville Beaton on old ladies?
Saw it.  "Growth and Progress" Hell of a lot better slogan than "A Better Deal."  Tell Nancy.
If you could calm your nerves a bit, maybe you should run in 2020. That debate performance was full of facts & too much rage
Dear God please let this idiot run. Please!
More of what you said
We van only hope.
Not interested!
Lmao! Same old rhetoric on that show, I passed! How's your criminal son doing?
Replacements fan! Yes sir you can run for Pres!! I'm in
Me too. Republicans win in a land slide if he does
What a partisan hack!
#KKK #DavidDuke #AltLeft #DemParty
Why didn't the C'ville mayor and VA governor do enough to keep people safe?
https://twitter.com/stockmonsterusa/status/896798087393427456 …
#KKK #AltLeft #DemParty
Here Hillary Clinton Praises her long time Mentor, Friend & Confidant, former KKK 
Robert Byrd!"

…
Since Pence is a sore too, help the nation with your view too. Yes, I c the fix,  help special counsel move and remove this mess!
We  @POTUS !! #Trump #Trump #Trump !!  @realDonaldTrump
Why I voted for @realDonaldTrump. 
https://twitter.com/bocavista2016/status/897886131282432004 …
#Antifa #AltLeft #DemParty
THIS IS #ANTIFA

This is Alt-Left…
I would rather stick socks in my ears 
You're a hypocrite. Your own son participated in violent rioting. All you are worried about now is getting reelection.
What is a peaceful protest it means that you are non-violent it means basically I'm a bitch but help me
https://twitter.com/gemmar333/status/898926777422102528 …

#BLM #Antifa #AltLeft #DemParty
Not Only Did Obama NOT Condemn BLM He Blamed Police In His Speech At The Memorial For The 5 Murdered Officers~Disrespect To The End 
#Antifa #BLM AltLeft #DemParty
Go play cards with AL and Joe
You can never stop white supremacist we as blacks do you not to care about Statue but the care about our place in America
#Antifa #AltLeft #DemParty
All you are doing 24/7 is inciting violence and you are just as guilty as the person committing the act. Think before you speak.

What a collection of losers.
Enjoyed hearing from you this AM on @Morning_Joe. It was so nice to listen to a sane person.
Tim resign from office. That's good for the state
http://reason.com/blog/2017/08/16/virginia-state-police-say-they-didnt-fin …

Why are the VA State Police claiming the Governor lied? Can you talk about that? Why is this backfiring on you?
Lol, why don't u quiet already ... get ur son to rehab
Excellent. Please explain to the American people why Governor & Mayor lied about finding weapons. Tick Tock Timmy.
No THANKS Tim the Turd!!!! I've better things to do than watch a jackass doing tricks for the camera!!! Libtardedness is a mental illness!
Why do u not address the fact that ur son is a terrorist in his antifa group. Were they not covering faces & carrying clubs   Own it
Justice for #DeAndreHarris. Shawn King turned over names to FBI, VA needs to step up.
Sen Kaine would u.please when referring to social security Medicare instead of Intitlements  say earned income been payin ss since I was  14
Great job sir.
Go @timkaine . Tell it like it really is.
Great communication you deliver! You are not a heal
Excellent interview!
Thank you senator continue to speak against hate, oppression and injustice
Keep forgetting about the forgotten Americans and party will keep loosing!  Stay focused on coasts, far left agenda...never recover!!!
Great talk Senator. Pro-growth Progressive should be the democratic mantra. It encapsulates socio-economic strategy. You have my support! 
Do good, Senator!
We will not rally behind an unfit president using war to solidify his position.US not a militarized state where generals should be in charge
Congress should not sell us out for their love of going to war on an impossible front. Expect backlash not flag waving #TrumpResign #Resist
Here buttercup snowflakes
watching you on MSNBC now you say anything that makes Trump look bad that was your downfall in 2017
As Mayor of Richmond you supported a mural of Robert E Lee?  Have you changed your views?
His response on Morning Joe to the Lee issue was well thought out. It shows that there is intellect in discussion.
Please throw the javelin in @JoeNBC remind him that he gave 45 a Platform to be POTUS We won't forget HE PICKED HIM MAG BABY! were his words
Boo hoooo hoooo
Let's talk about:
#TrumpResign
I was just about to turn it on! :)
Saw you yesterday on Face the Nation. You're doing a great job. Please continue to speak against hate for our state. 
I just don't know why men The the Democratic Party can't vigorously support Hillary.  Baffling.
We're broke
Talk about the need to cancel @amazon prime memberships to end their support of Breitbart
Go get them Bannon. Expose their corruption.
You noticed that too?  Like the GOP has no problems.  
I AM ONE OF YOUR CONSTITUENTS AND I HAVE SO MUCH ANXIETY FROM THIS NIGHTMARE ADMINISTRATION. I love you tho!!!
Two words: President Trump!  Swallow on that.
Rather not watch communist propaganda.
Hope you get a few words in, Senator. @JoeNBC's mouth is running full-tilt this a.m.
Boy you're right about that.  He's so obnoxious.
Many mornings I wonder why they have a panel and guests...
twins of deception on public display
Who cares, all you do is talk.  What are you going to do about things Senator?  Continue your divisive politics?
