Trump removed Steve Bannon from a top National Security Council post, a move driven by his national security adviser http://nyti.ms/2p1vwyI 
And you have no concerns that Obama spied on the senate during the Iranian nuclear deal again you are the biggest putz on the planet!
Many down and many more to go....including the president.
PS he wasn't removed or demoted, his position was necessary to restore what Susan Rice exploited
Now maybe some law and order
But you are ok with Susan Rice! 
timmmy shhhhhhhh you came in 2nd stilll a loser
Kinda like your removal as a possible VP?
Should have never been there in the first place.
Unfortunately he is still there and part of govt as a self proclaimed Leninist and white supremacist. He needs to be totally out of WH

Susan Rice not taken down but once again proven right.   Discard fake facts and take a look at  reality.
Now your ridiculous tweet makes sense 
Too bad it was all for show, he attended today's meeting.
Agreed. However, Bannon isn't yet gone. He is still in the White House and still attending meetings.
Mission complete!
Steve Bannon Leaves National Security Council After Susan Rice Takedown - Breitbart
Exactly!! The left losers will insist it's a victory for them but he restored semblance to the NSC...Susan Rice had her own rules, go figure
BULL SHIT HE WAS LOYAL ADVISOR TO TRUMP. DO NOT GET  IN TO SIRYA YOU  WANT TO BE REMOVED LOOOOK AS SOON HIS GONE TRUMP FUCK UP R U HAPPY
Yea right ... he was SOLVING the problem... by all mean RID the RIGHT PEOPLE!
How bout Obama using security agencies 2 attack political enemies? That causes concern. Doesn't it? Or u'd rather pretend it didn't happen?
Your removal is past due.
He is still sitting in on the meetings so nothing changed, just more BS from this administration
The man is an ideolog not a political advisor. Doesn't belong in WDC. First smart move Trump has made
Hope the story is true. Not comfortable with it. Feel it is an ego thing since many of us called Bannon " "President". Hope we are wrong
The damaged is 2b felt just removing a conspirator doesn't mean we're out the woods-
Right
Now how about preventing Rick Perry from getting on the NSC? He is another unqualified  "prize"
I am hearing from news reports that he will still attend the NSC meetings even though officially removed. Is this true?
Is it true that you sleep with men?
Bannon wasn't removed; he left. Big difference.
and he is not going anywhere
What does (did) Bannon have to do with the VA?
Yet his security clearance remains the same
for 8 yrs
Did they really put Rick Perry on the NSC after finally getting rid of Bannon?!
Why does Hillery still have one??
Who is this Hillery you speak of?
Don't fall for this liars gonna lie. Do think Mr Mercer with all his would allow this without gaining something else?
Bannon is still a Senior Advisor. Therefore, still a threat hiding behind the scenes. More dangerous! @CousinSyl @Blktwitta #KarenRebels
love Trump and Bannin
And yet, he's still attending NSC meetings, so what's going on Senator?
He's still going to NSC meetings, right? Unacceptable
Please get him out of the WH entirely. Preferrably. out of the country as well.
This coming from you, who doesn't own any big boy pants
Just like your removal is way past due!!!!!!!
He needs to be kicked out of the White House, too.
But he's announced he's still going to all the meetings? What removal?
Everyone is especially glad you're not involved in national security.
The whole crew needs to be removed!!
His clean up is done or other ulterior motive. Neither can be trusted after months of irregularities and weirdness.
He never should have been there in the first place. Thank you for all you do, Senator Kaine!
He shouldn't have been put on the NSC in the first place.
I would take issue that it was Trump that threw Bannon out of the NSC..McMaster can take credit for this.
Good riddance evil man! Now if he can be fired all together!
I don't trust a damn thing coming out of this dirty @realDonaldTrump .
It's not enough, he is still there as well as the other compromised officials in the #Treasongate
obamarice gate now
And Rick Perrys role does not cause concern???
@nytimes @peterbakernyt but we all know he's still whispering in Donny's ear
NOT TO MENTION THE REST OF THE COUNTRY!!! Our security is a thing of the past!!
How such an unstable mind seats at Security meeting beats my imagination!
#russiagate deserves independent investigation and Special Prosecutor. #russiatrump
in what way did it cause concern in VA?
It could be just make believe from a fake president.@realDonaldTrump   He would have to remove from the WH. Bannon has lots of dirt on DJT
Just a start.  He is still in the White House and still has the President's ear.
Keep your comments and stands coming Bsnnon is Amer traitor needs to go on trial
What will the charges be?
Mission Accomplished !
.yessir.  Best wishes from guy in central 'Jersey.
Did they use 1 of those sticky traps ?
Its a lie. he will still have the same access as before, they are just making him a 'shadow czar'
Totally agree!
He has to be removed from the WH. We don't need a white nationalist in the WH advising an immoral 45.
What is wrong with having a white nationist opinion?
You are so irrelevant now! I can't wait till you get voted out!
Tell em' Dad! 
Can we remove trump and his administration now??
Hooray for McMaster!
I get all that but now we have Rick "oops" PERRY? Oh My God. When will this circus END?
Now who is going to write Trump's speeches I know Trump doesn't?
Are we just pretending that they suddenly are telling us e truth?
Some good news among the bad..
Why is @US_Stratcom siting a Breitbart link. It's so unacceptable
He may be "officially" off the NSC, but do not believe for a second that he is gone.
Ugh.
Agreed.
not why #Donthecon did it, think it was 2 distance Bannon from him, mayB something coming out about Bannon? #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I agree. @realDonaldTrump wouldn't do anything 4 the good of the nation, only 4 self-preservation.
there is a God

