How the GOP healthcare bill breaks President Trump's promise to lower deductibles http://nbcnews.to/2s5SVoz 
Democratic LIES,"If you like your doctor you can keep him". Obamacare was sold on lies. Why do you continue to defend that fraud?
Its better than the crap in #meanahca that kills people
He has kept no promises and has pulled the wool over millions
Ya think?
I'm all out of witty.  It's just SAD.  Thank you Senator Kaine and all of our Democrat fighters for being the caring adults in the room! <3
Please do everything you can to ensure this does not pass! Also, how can we help? Who can we call?
stop acting like trump or GOP care about any promises they made. They don't, never did and never will. Just their criminal modus operandi
hmmm I think is the Dems doing the lying, shooting and bank fraud
more fake
Not looking to fame to me sugartits.   Lack of education is nothing to be proud of, neither is willful ignorance. Read a boo,
@NBCPolitics and yet he DOES NOT CARE... 
Just more of mr trumps lies and broken promises when will this man be impeached he is the illegal president
Keep your doctor, save 2500 a year, all the costs will go down...remember those? #Obamacare
No promises broken not even a vote yet quit with the fake news
Excuse me did you see the promises on healthcare. This bill is nothing like what he promised #VoteNoHeller #votenoHealthcareBill
Every Republican Senator who votes for this awful health bill should be voted out of office next election.
Sounds like Obamacare.
Nope, but gotta love the left for trying to speak for Trump supporters! So lost! We want a full repeal!
And #ACA did? Its a bust full of lies. Keep ur Dr, premiums down, keep ur plan, etc. Most markets hav no ins prov choice. Who r u fooling?
@NBCPolitics POTUS has lied on almost everything. Why would he keep a promise like this? #trumpCare designed to hurt poor & sick
@realDonaldTrump Your breaking your promise to the people.
Ha ha! NOW we have Trump right where we want him. He'll never escape from that broken promise! Buh-wa-ha-ha! ... Oops. Wishful thinking.
Timmy ,,,,, you lost !!!  Lol
No !! He shattered you and that crook Hillary in the election !! U lost to Donald Trump. Lol
Where was the bipartisan for the first disaster of a Health Care bill?  If I recall it was all Democrats.  Now we see the results - failure.
Unfortunately the trump cult won't see it that way. #uneducated #TrumpLies
You voted for the terrible Heath care I have$3,200 a month $15,600 deductible #TermLimits
He's broken every promise so far. Tell me this surprises you?
What promises has he kept?
Indeed!  He promised better coverage, cheaper premiums, and that we're "going to love it"!  Liar!
Shocking, isn't it?
Perhaps you could tell us why .@SenatorBurr is telling his constituents this is a great bill? If this is all lies, please call them out.
Everything he promised ppl who voted for him is a lie. I voted for HRC & have anxiety/stress with an incompetent POTUS  & GOP death bill.
@NBCPolitics @NBCNews Shatters. That's a very good descriptive word for the GOP Death Panel!
#peoplewilldie
#politicalhack
Oops
His entire campaign was a bunch of promises he would never be able to keep.I still don't know why anyone bought his line of BS.
Yea, the American people are (not) winning!  Who knew health care would be so hard?
Senator, my hemophiliac nephew is so health conscious he's now a body builder. Looks great but Trumpcare will bankrupt him or kill him.
give me a break, let him pay for the coverage he wants, just like I do
Thank you for your response. I pray neither you nor a family member is ever diagnosed with life threatening illness.
I have been suffering with unaffordable deductible s and premiums since they took away my 'oh you can keep it plan '
And my nephew will die. Fix what's broken. Don't condemn thousands every year to death or bankruptcy.
give me a break, it was never designed to work.  No amount of $ I can fix that nightmare. U dnk the koolaid
I never doubted.  He's a proven liar!
Looking forward to hearing you speak tomorrow @LoudounChamber gathering.
Look all all the lies Obama spewed about health care
@NBCPolitics it's only been 5 months Tim true Americans can wait
Nope wrong again
It's impossible to unfuck #Obamacare
Now try to be honest.  I know it's hard for you.  Under ANY circumstances would you for a GOP healthcare proposal?  ANY circumstances? 
Just say It! Why equivicate? The Senate GOP  bill IS not Looks like! The GOP is eating us for dinner and you're being gentile!
I'm still waiting on my $2500 Demtards.
Did you really just cite a NBC news link to back your assertion?  That's funny.
Looks like you are making a fool of yourself again
If person has to choose between rent or healthcare, is choice:
A 8th tattoo 
B weed
C new iPhone
Calling it a health care bill is generous...it's a Medicaid reform/tax cut for the wealthy bill, health care is merely an innocent bystander
hey ken, pls read the bill
So what, obamacare is worse.
WADR, @timkaine You Can Drop The "Looks Like...!" You & ALL Of U.S. KNOW T & T Campaign & @GOP LIED & LIED & LIED To U.S. %
no that would be the murderous dems
@NBCPolitics @NBCNews @realDonaldTrump Your ok w/this. Have you read the bill?! Nothing you promised 
question, have you read it?
yes! Our whole group have. My daughter w autism will loose. Many I wrk will lose 
btw nothing Mr President promised
Dem propaganda & scare tactics. All reading from the same distributed talking points. No plan except to criticize.  Haters & liars. #MAGA
Universal health care for everyone. Get on Bernie bandwagon now. Half the world has it and we have opportunity to do it right ...NOW
Oh but that's Hillary's fault or Obama's fault or anyone's fault but Herr Groupenfuhrer's.
So what is your solution Senator, do nothing?  Being a critic is easy, leadership is not.  But you wouldn't know that.
From NBC news? Please. Check yourself. If u like your plan u can keep your plan. If u like you Dr. u can keep your Dr. You will save $2,500
To keep doc, you would have to seek policy on your own. Docs can bail out anytime from being provider of any given insur plan. Hospitals too
U r certainly not a part of a working solution
Shatters like you and Hillary were ? Fool!
And then there's this.
Shows how well he keeps promises 
They're running their govt, trump is running his; everybody else is screwed
And NMPOTUS has approved of his new Trumpcare, not caring that he's breaking promises to the lower 99% of the citizens who aren't his buds.
@realDonaldTrump guess who isn't holding up your promises to the American people? 

@senategop @gop @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr 
MEAN #ACHA
what true promises? he says what people want to hear, then does whatever gets him the most attention/praise. he's like a big, stupid puppy.
@GOP and @TheDemocrats each introduce a health care proposal and let the American people  vote on it. And not by electoral votes.
and then u can pay for it...
what are you and @MarkWarner doing to convince repubs to vote no fourth time asking...what are you doing...what is your plan...
we plan to replace you, that is the plan
Big time Senator Kiane, Trump lied to American's publicly more than he tells us the truth. Now it's money  over human lives that matters.
@timkaine I truly believe the people in power want Americans dead. They do not care! We are nothing but cattle to them.
￼A Government 

Of 
The People
By 
The People
For 
The People

Should probably 
Take care of...
￼
  The People
Yet he and his spokespeople continue to lie about loss of Medicare coverage and increased costs while @FoxNews covers it as truthful
Please atop this bill in it's track's Senator
Trump says whatever pops in2 his head-about 140 characters worth
then he's onto something else-ZERO attention span
Squirrel!
#CrookedDonald
Shockkkkk
Into millions of tiny pieces.
It's an act of terror on America by the GOP.
90M eligible voters did not vote. Trumps campaign propaganda promises need national TV ads THIS WEEK.
Twitter made me click on their bullshit about this tweet being "offensive" yet commenters can call the GOP terrorists.
