Very sad news - a good, reasonable man - a refreshing change from many of the GOP especially asshat Trump
Good
But not enough of a statesman to vote against confirming Pruitt and DeVos. Good riddance.
And a staunch Trump supporter ... let's ensure that he is replaced by a Democrat.
F Democrats
Sen Kaine, please join with Sen McCain to get DHS to waive Jones Act for Puerto Rico right now.  They need ability to get supplies immediate
I would like to agree, but nope. #Resistance
He had no choice. Comments about trump sealed his fate. Not run again R have GOP'ers use full weight of war chest against him. Cowards.
No it's not. He's nuts
I say good riddence. Politically, Republicans are heinous, criminal hypocrites. I don't care who they are in personal life #VoteThemOut
Liberals ruin this country. Get rid of all of U!!
I voted for you & Hillary & I am trying not to vomit reading your tweet. Corker has destroyed TN. Democrats in TN are so happy! Horrible!

I applaud Corker for not becoming another lazy career politician. Kaine, refer to previous sentence.
Really??how was he voting on HC
I bet you are Obama's buddy in the Iran deal I hope TN replaces him w/the most Conservative Republican they can find
He's probably going to run for governor. Keep his strictly party-line rhetoric & voting at home. Bad for TN, good for rest of USA.
He's tried to end my wife's life repeatedly with his idiotic #ACA voting record. Screw him, good riddance
You should resign
Just wait!!!! He isnt through.
Sorry not sorry Tim. Won’t be missed. Maybe TN will come to their senses & #VoteBlue
Can we get rid of the other 99 while we are at it?
Also sad to hear Donnie "Dirt Woman" Corker died. A Richmond legend.
SENATOR THOSE THAT TRULLY SERVE ;AFTER TIME ;THEY GET TIRED!
Really? What has he done for the country?

You should follow his lead!
They're running Senator Kaine.
He already made millions...hmmm, maybe the pay for play gig is coming to an end.  You should follow.  DRAIN THE SWAMP
I'm sure you are.
Boo hoo Timmy & tell your son to stop the violence when protesting!
Afraid we'll get much worse like Blackburn.
A true statesman aye? "She [Sec Clinton] played a central role in really creating a home for where ISIS resides today." Bob Corker
He's a sellout like u Kaine.    U support zero of republicans.  Hypocrite
You're not demonizing across the aisle? Making a principled statement?  Gracious? What the hell?  Oh yeah, you aren't a republican.
Any Republican acceptable to you would not win another election in TN. Good riddance.
Corker joined Obama in giving Iran nukes. He surrendered the Constitutional powers vested w/congress. He joined Dems in endangering USA.
Sane guy that can no longer stomach being on team GOP.  Maybe a few more to follow?
Really??

Oh, no we need him in front
Really  sad to hear you're still in the Senate

While we're at it when are you retiring? Your tweet is an utter insult in the era of Graham-Cassidy. Shame on you. Seriously. Shame.
Well @timkaine is in his first term and VA appreciates his work and willingness to work with everyone. Gridlock helps no one.
@timkaine should show his pal Corker his admiration in private. U R not a true statesman when you've voted 2 boot millions off  healthcare.
U get gridlock when GOP stakes out ultra right positions & won't budge on bipartisanship - John McCain a TRUE Statesman knows THAT - do U?!

If believing Americans have a right to live without fear that illness will bankrupt or kill them then you bet Eddie. What's your excuse?
As a constituent , I ask you not to be upset.  He's been a yes for every atrocious bill @GOP has come up with.  Spineless and amoral.
Unbelievable. @timkaine is literally the worst. Please be sure to check Corker voting record before you publicly kiss his rear. Good grief.
Can the rest of you follow him?
Really sad to hear @SenBobCorker is retiring. My Foreign Relations Chair and a true statesman.
Another multimillionaire on Medicare literally said he didn't *care* about our insurance access. Going got tough. Cry.me.a.river. #HappyInTN
More of you career politicians should retire
Only sad if we don't replace him with a Democrat.
I'm saddened by your comments Senator Kaine. Mr Corker is a misogynistic racist and radical enciter. #GoodRiddanceToBadRubbish
Didn’t win clean for the 1st term, Kim. Racist stuff was involved. Ask Harold Ford. Not a statesman, is he?
Now he can start the impeachment ball rolling!
Could the rumor he will sponsor impeachment resolution be true?
Too bad Bob can't coordinate an #impeachTrumpnow effort before he leaves..he will retire a hero! @GOP always say & do good only on way out!!
When you say retiring do you mean jumping ship?
Except for the whole "take away their healh care" and being a racist misogynist I'm sure he's great. #BYE #GoodRiddance
I was equally sad to hear about your son’s arrest for putting panties on his face & for attempting to assault people with alternative views.
Not as sad as being trillions in debt. You should retire since you can't do your job and reduce the debt you have accumulated.
If you check the record, Reagan, Bushes I & II created the majority of our current debt.  Clinton actually left with a budget surplus.
Regardless of who created the debt it is up to congress to reduce it. I would start with the drone program.
Tennessee has had some good senators over my lifetime.
And a true “voice” on important matters.
