“It’s regretful that our Dem colleagues decided...that they did not want to engage with us seriously...to deliver that relief.”  - McConnell 
DO NOT TRUST MCCONNELL
@RepComstock Tim, I have asked Barbara Comstock to pick up the slack for the R's since the leaders are not leading. (To improve ACA)
@SenateMajLdr is such a hypocrite.
Yes @SenateMajLdr it's all OBAMA'S fault! There's not enough good bourbon in Kentucky to wash away your sins.
Why is it acceptable for our elected officials to lie to the American people? Have you put your willingness to wk together in writing?
Ya, forcing someone to blindly vote for shit isn't supportive. Best Deal! Not worst deal. Did anyone ever read it? Wait, ones that backedout
Hey Mitch. Neither did your own R women senators. Oh wait...they were NOT invited to engage.
There is no bipartisan effort from the Dems! What world are you living in? Go back; read all of Schummer's statements. Be honest for once!

I always find I individuals who brush broad strokes in grouping individuals lack the ability to comprehend reality. Ur response is proof!
Their mind reading skills need brushing up. Perhaps stroll down the hall or pick up the phone and ask???
I will not talk to treasonweasel leader! Ur time in job is done ryan also many others will b voted out!
Really? How out of touch is he? #jerk#crook
How can McConnell say this with a straight face?
Obama, Reid and Pelosi pushed a bipartisan approach for more than A YEAR. But the GOP would not take yes for an answer. You are a COWARD.
A REAL compromise would have been the individual mandate+public option. Obamacare is ALEADY more of a Repub than Dem solution, you COWARD.
senator McConnell is so flawed in his thinking and lying because he couldnt get the new trump disaster thru congress very sad
You McConnell  are a terrible terrible liar
A pious deceitful hypocrite lacking a soul. Does he not know his words & actions are being followed by MILLIONS of voting Americans?
This pos doesn't want 2 work with the dems
He wants 2see the sick & poor die
No drug addiction help his father in law is a cocaine dealer
You are not being truthful . You never invited the Democrats or Women to develop your cruel and immoral bill. You went behind closed doors
Haha!your republicans are leaving u too,stop using democrats as scapegoats old man! Remember when u were proud blocking Obama!poor Mcdonell
YOU LIAR!!!!!! Democrats have been nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS throughout this process. Give me a freaking break, STOP LYING TO US!!
Even in the majority, they blame the Dems! Sheesh!
Blatent lie Mitchie but who are you to bother with the factsOF CORSE THE DEMS WILL WRK WITH U!
open the f'in hidden door ,you locked us out
Okay, u start. Undo the mandates. Making us pay for coverage we do not want/need is not freedom
Just wondering how can they help and participate if you meet behind closed doors and don't invite them to join, simple!
if you lead the GOP, a lie is so easy
Thus coming from the man who held secret meetings and wouldn't let anyone see what was in the bill
Didn't 9 white R guys hole up to develop their super-duper non-bipartisan shit show of a "bill"? Don't blame Dems for R intransigence.
The fact that the GOP went insane AND REJECTED ITS OWN PLAN because we elected a black president is no reason to give them more concessions.
STOP IT!!! Obamacare WAS a bipartisan compromise based on the Heritage Foundation's plan and was more of a Republican than Democratic plan.
I'm confused-wasn't it the Pubs who said no to replace then repeal? & which Dems were at the table in those discussions & drafts? None?
McConnell needs to pack his bags and go find a nice retirement community in Kentucky. Preferably tomorrow morning.
Did some tell McConnell or is his head stuck so far down in the sand that he can't hear?
Mitchie is the master of BS! sadly ppl fall 4 it. Wen I heard him talk about "obstructionalist" I almost choked,  this is the #SCOTUSTHIEF
Wasn't it Mr. McConnell who set up the healthcare authors with only GOP ppl? Bipartisan means both sides work together.
Thank you Senator Kaine 
Ok he's got dementia or Alzheimer's.
The Dems were right to stay away from the party who doesn't believe in HEALTHCARE For Everyone ELSE.
What BS you Dems created this mess! #socializedmedicine
McConnell continues to lie - just like 45
You never asked. McConnell is a fabricator and a hypocrite.
Bipartisan? You are just stuck on stupid if you think we believe that. It's Dems way or no way. You own the imploding Ocare. Enjoy
you lie!  @SenSchumer has made it his mission to not have DEMS work on any bipartisan fixes from the beginning and you know it.
Typical of McConnell always playing the blame game !! Grow up little boy! You and Trump are both a discrace to America!
"Many of us have been pushing bipartisan approach for months" you mean like when you make claims such as "GOP want people to die"
What a lie get the healthy off welfare in your state of Virginia that would be a start
Pretty sure McConnell didn't invite Dems to the table, heck he didn't invite many in his own party
Shut up
The simple solution is to fix what is wrong with Obama care. But no trump is acting like a spoiled child, my way or no way! Hate rules him!
That turtle isn't kidding anyone. We know what he has done
Actions speak louder than words. All you DO is obstruct.
I thought those meetings were secret
I mean..they do control both houses and the White House. I can see why passing legislation you've been promising for 7 years is not possible
By "working with us" does Turkey Neck mean Dems didn't fall into line?  Congress is not just Republicans
Secret meetings from which even your own party members are excluded. Democracy dies in McConnell's Senate.
Stay out of it. Tim you libtards already screwed it once
GOP has owned "death spiral" since 2014. Dems have been reaching out to #FixACA for years
McConnell should be fired for incompetence and bold faced lying. He is an embarrassment.
What exactly have you offered as a solution?  Both sides are all talk, not results
You can't trust them Tim
@FoxNews the outhouse janitor speaks lies ! He's a sectumsempra on society.
McConnell=ultimate jerk, held GOP male only closed hearing is saying this?time Ti take this dangerous-for-democracy Senate leader down
Come on, get real! The GOP never gave the Dem's a chance to participate, as well as keeping the majority of people in dark. Open up debate
Once again, the Republicans blame their failures on the Democrats. Fix the problems with the ACA @SenateMajLdr. Our lives depend on it!!
Most of US is with you, Sen Kaine!!!  GOP doesnt know how to fix anything on their own.
And just how to fix the healthcare system so it covers EVERYONE??  #Medicare4All #SinglePayer
B.S. all 48 democrats were against BCRA b4 it's text was even released. Organized partisanship
Did not want to engage? His bill failed EXACTLY because of democratic engagement. & how many democrats did he invite to help write the plan?
Get started. Don't wait for the GOP
When I heard McConnell get up and lie through his teeth this morning, I was shocked. Guess he's learned from trump.
Liar. Liar. Pants on fire.
From the man who led the obstruction of the SCA. Hypocrite
Then, let's hear what Dems propose, and hit the ground running to get this done!
What is wrong with him?
He's seriously "not right" in the head.
Mitch is a fu_king liar!!!
Excellent & thank goodness! It was a horrible, cruel, insane bill, written by the GOP, the enemy within! McConnell is an evil lying traitor!
@FoxNews c'mon Mitch get with the program do what's right for America NOT TRUMP @MSNBC @IndivisibleTeam
Hey @SenateMajLdr, @HouseGOP, @SenateGOP, and @realDonaldTrump: We see you...
Yea only since you lost. When you had majority you said we do not need the GOP.
These are don-don trump lies. What in the hell does he have on McConnell
The only compromise you should accept is Medicare for all. Bernie would've won, Tim.
Next Renault is going to be shocked to discover gambling a the location where he is presently gambling… Do people really fall for these lies
Great work.  Keep it up.
Gee @SenateMajLdr I dunno maybe "the dems didn't engage" when you and your gang went behind closed doors & wouldn't show the bill.
That's a damn lie McConnell. Been reading for months about Dems willing to work with inept repubs. Stop lying long enough to hear the offer.
The most ridiculous statement, you can't shut them out and then cry foul because they won't hand you everything you want with a bow.
If McConnell repeats enough times, the uninformed will believe it.
Thank you for your efforts, Senator Kaine
Ya it sounds it. What laws have u broke ? Hanging around Hillary Clinton and Bill
McConnell is a liar and a traitor. Disgusting
They crafted the bill in secret and had no hearings. Now they blame the Dems
.who the hell are you kidding.  do you think that the American people don't know what a bunch of turds you have been
roast him
This is all on you and your lousy leadership McConnell! You chose not to invite Democrats to the table!
Oh, exactly like you've worked with them. Seriously. What a fool.
McConnell said many times that the dems weren't invited, that he didn't need them.  Does he think we're stupid?
Prove it! America is sick of Democratics sitting with their hands folded in their laps. Get to work with Republicans or get out!!!
Appalling that some in their base is too narrow minded to see the Dems have repeatedly said they'd work to improve ACA
It is time for the three C's: cooperation, compromise and communication among our members of congress.
As long as it is repealed first
STOP LYING @SenateMajLdr !!!!  Just STOP.  We are at our wits end with this nonsense. Sharpening my pitchfork!
that's his way of shifting blame for his failures onto others. No morality means he cannot accept any fault for his own actions.
Republicans don't want to fix it! They want to destroy it & give a tax cut!  Sadly, they only care about 1% of the population!
Crazy idea: Let 30th most 'liberal' R and 25th most 'conservative' D work out the deal.
#NOMORETRUMP #STANDUPAMERICA
#RepairAndRevise
You shouldn't. It's the GOP that needs to be gotten rid of, not Obamacare.
#HowTheACASavedMyLife

I am one of the #FacesOfACA

#AmericaSpeaksOut  @timkaine
 
.@upnorthrobyn was born w/craniofacial defect.
Had 40 surgeries. Suffers #PTSD & #agoraphobia.
Needs #ACA to live.
#FacesOfACA #TheLoyalO 
Compromise is a word that the entire #GOP has lost the meaning of.
Dems think they r so smart obstructing all bills. They r there to work for the people. Ur constituents r being hurt by all this
Pretty good attempt at rewriting recent History.  Bipartisan-LOL
Just political rhetoric from mcconell. He is past his prime
After throwing a temper tantrum and stomping off to their room to "do it themselves" the GOP blames Dems.
Mitch is playing the snapping turtle. If he was serious about a bipartisan healthcare bill he wouldn't have worked behind closed doors.
Thank you! That's the way it SHOULD be. Both sides working FOR The People...ALL of The People. Loyalty to the Constitution, not to Russia.
@SenateMajLdr = tiny 
@Tooda @SenateMajLdr @FoxNews Are you, Kaine, father of the #AntifaAnathema?
Why do Rs speak of "bipartisanship" only after repeated R-only attempts fail?  Will Rs really truly reverse 8 years of R-only behavior?
Anyone who can answer that also has the winning powerball numbers
Only Fox & Trumpers buy this nonsense. It's asking someone to help you trash a Mercedes with a flat tire and replace it with a Pinto
How about an absolute repeal of the "designed to fail" ACA. Then a bipartisan committee works to design a free market health ins. plan
Dems have said they will help fix Obamacare, GOP hell bent on pushing 10s/millions off ins., or getting sick gouged. Dems won't support that
Don't worry this administration will soon come to an end
RU ROH
He'd call csvevsgssvdb@nsggbdnawrkk
It is impossible to engage when you aren't allowed in the room @SenateMajLdr.
#singlePayer #Medicare4All or GFY
Does McConnell say this stuff with a straight face? Biggest obstructionist in history, and the man who has destroyed good governance.
Omg yess
I don't recall you being ready for compromise and bipartisanship when you were in power and forcing Obamacare on us.
The GOP, and especially the old Sociopath McConnell, are delusional!! I have heard so many Democrats say let's work together!
I have watched offers from @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems to fix ACA only to be ignored by @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @POTUS for $ reasons ONLY
He's mad you wouldn't do it his way.
GOP worked in secret. Who are they kidding??!! We see through it! Vote them out asap!
The irony is, it has been widely reported that the bill failed because of lacking support in the GOP. But we shouldn't bother him with facts
McConnel is a liar
What relief?! You mean a tax cut for those who don't need it?? @senatemajldr, are you really this obtuse?
My daily diet is 
Those rich people should pay their damn taxes for all my doctor bills! And my Viagra! It's my right! #Socialism
It's funny how everyone is so desperate to work together, but you never actually do.  Just the same ole trash from Washington.
Medicare for all. It's incomprehensible that it's 2017 and Americans are still fighting this battle. Sick of the politics
It is regretful that @SenMajLdr is pushing fake news along w/ WH. Why does he refuse to reach across the isle. USA is not only Republicans.
How exactly were Dems supposed to "engage"? There were no hearings and the bill was written by a bunch of (white, male) Republicans.
Exactly!
And was premised on the repeal of a law they fully support. Not sure how you offer amendments on that kind of turkey.
Bull
We know!  Most Americans don't listen to what Dictator Trump says!
TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR ACTIONS. TRUMPSTER....
That's why he shoved it on the Senators to come up with a plan.  That way he can say it wasn't his fault. Trump is useless!
ALL USELESS..  TALKED FOR 6 YEARS WHILE ASSAD REGIME AND ALLIES.HAVE MURDERED MORE SYRIANS
Thanks Sen Kaine, Please do! it is time to put party & ego aside, WORK FOR THE PEOPLE!
It's unfortunate the @GOP won't work with you guys to fix the ACA. That's all that really needs to be done.
Wow how can he even say that with a straight face, Dems and non Dems were doing their jobs by listening to the will of the people
McConnell is an inveterate liar, he'll say whatever is expedient.
Work together for #SinglePayer I hope. At the very least, a #publicoption. For anything less, let the GOP go pound sand.
GOP just had to virtually implode before considering compromise. #waytogo
So it's the Dems? I think McConnell is Delusional!
You really haven't, but okay, do something with this -
Yes, @SenateMajLdr, but relief for whom? Certainly not the 99% of us who will be hurt by your hateful healthcare bill.
Standard operating procedure for GOP.....lie, deny, obfuscate...when that doesn't work blame everyone else
He's a big fat liar and doesn't like the taste of his own medicine
