Nothing more than a 17% tax cut for wealthy. Partisan games with 23,000,000 lives at stake. In 2018 vote like your life depends on it.
I support the fight to keep healthcare for millions of people. #rva Please make our voices heard!
The people are exhausted, @timkaine
We want to interview him for Colombia to talk about Obamacare!!!!
How about YOU stop playing games and get me my plan back TWO plans ago that we were told we would not lose.  #SaveACA NOT
I watched President Trump talk about how horrible the ACA is.  He listed all these that were wrong with it. Of course, he's wrong.
Do you understand why Trump was voted in, to rid this country of Obama and the damage he did, Trump is doing what he was voted in to do.
Our voices need to be heard. please read Ominous Alliance.http:\\http://www.artisanvintageworks.com .together we can make a difference.
Did.
Do they listen? I mean really listen? Do they care?
Hey single payer people. Who's going to pay for it? We will have a massive shortage of doctors!!
Isn't there a way to just fix the flaws in OCare?? It starts with the insurance companies fix this so they can't hike the deductibles etc!!!
It would be nice if Tim offered a way to fix it, some leadership.
My thoughts EXACTLY!!! It starts with the Insurance Companies and goes from there we can't be the only ones thinking this??!!
Thank you keep fighting for all our families!
Never. You are wrong to save ACA. IT IS DEAD. TRY PASSING Something BETTER.
Take a closer look at the no parking sign
Tell your Rep go for Full Repeal and bury the dead horse, Ocare! Save people, Repeal!
Don't play 'Get Trump' game over Lives!
I'm not on your TEAM! Dems would never have taken Virginia if it hadn't been for NOVA and the likes of you. We'll get you next time!
AHCA doesn't need more doctoring, time to call the mortician.  CLEAN REPEAL!
I just want government out of my healthcare ...
Ain't going to happen with Trump either,
I just want insurance companies out of my healthcare
Also a valid point! Too much focus on insurance/coverage and not enough on actual healthcare affordability.
Senator do you listen to proposals from your constituents?  I have one that I don't think anyone has thought of for healthcare!!
Obamacare took millions off of insurance and killed the middle class, that's why your not in control anymore #MAGA
Affordable Care Act? Affordable to who? My family's premiums doubled! But that was ignored by you & Obama.
They're not listening Senator. The thousands of calls can't beat the millions in bribes.
Are you kidding me? Republicans do not listen to Americans - ever.
@SenDeanHeller home means Nevada, you vote against ACA then don't call Nevada home. You can live with your new family, the TRUMPS.
Oh I did, for all the good it does. @PatToomey is a chicken, unavailable to his constituents and terrified of people that think.
We are, but the GOP has no conscience and no compassion.  A pox on all of them...even McCain.
Help
Have done so. Unfortunately, my senators are Burr&Tillis bc/ of yrs of voter suppression in NC. Please thank Sen. McCain for speaking truth!
ACA is the only thing playing games with my care as it made a mess of my insurance
How? Its clear none of them are listening. Without an election and @TheDemocrats getting more seats, americans will be screwed over & over.
You can't save ACA, it is completely flawed bill and not worth saving
You lose!
@SenDeanHeller you caved unlike @SenCortezMasto she stood up!
Fix what do you don't like about Obama care don't take this survey for millions of people and people who have pre-existing conditions
No, we want you to come to the table to debate, propose amendments and come up with something for the good of all of us in VA.
Fix the ACA. America is watching  all of you.
Good jobs, good insurance, good life:  sell it!

We have to tried with @SenToomey. He isn't listening to us!
They're not listening, Senator Kaine. They don't care causing deaths as long as they have their  rich pathetic lives.
I hope those who voted to gut my healthcare get dysentery that last a month.
Have you read the proposal Dick breath or are listening to the democrats
Senator, Can't you give us minute to cry?
how can they reverse course? It's done. Passive do nothing's at top of DNC! Grow some balls! Get in the fight! Stay frosty! @KamalaHarris
Hopefully ur one of the 18 leaving in 2018!!!
It isn't going to work. We swamped them for months. Legislative trickery and greed won. I fear it always will. They will not listen.
No one wants to be lied to, no one wants their healthcare taken away and no one wants another civil war. #SaveACA
This shameful GOP bill is a reward for Trumps humble appearance at the Boy Scout Jamboree yesterday. Thanks for giving Trump what he wants.
You lose 

Everyday it feels like it's falling on 50 pairs of deaf ears. Lost in a sea of political chaos.
Vote EVERY SINGLE ONE of these people OUT OF OFFICE.
How is you Son doing in Prison Tim. You realize you caused Hillary to lose the election right.
It's no joke for our special needs family!! 
Why can't EVERYTHING be put on hold until the Russia investigation is finished? No nominees. No new votes.
Blah,blah,blah
Will continue to call Senators and make my voice heard. Thanks for the encouragement.
tell me how to make my voice heard. I will do it.
RT Keep calling! Use auto-dialer 844-560-2727
If you'd beat Pence in the debate this never would have happened.
Dems need to get tougher can't play fair w this GOP.
What about single payer!!!!!!!!!
The GOP is hellbent on repealing Obamacare. If they can't stomach Obamacare, how would they stomach single payer?
All you're doing by focusing on single payer during this debate is giving the GOP a straw man to punch.
Meanwhile, some of us are trying to keep our families alive.
