Because they are soulless? Hypocrites? Ok with leaving the elderly & children to die without Medicaid?
Why did they do it with the healthcare bill we have now that no one read until after it was passed? All of you need to work together for us!
Gotta pass it to see what's in it...  Sound familiar?
Tim it what democrats have taught us to do in government politics
they're only listening to Insurance Companies?!
Uhhhh. See that @GOP?  Right there?  'Nuff said.
isn't that exactly what Dems did with ACA.  "We'll read it after we pass it".
Money Money Money Trumps theme song and the words are so appropriate mean green.
Because all they care about is themselves and the wealthy
lol sounds like Obama. Stop spreading left ugly hateful zombie brainwashing tactics.
Good question
You mean the same way that obama listened to patients, doctors, &a American families?? #obamaLIED
Because the GOP

- hates obama
- hates average Americans
- loves money
- doesn't mind sentencing sick people to death for a tax break


This ought to #SumItUp 
They hate President Obama. That's it.
Outstanding speech on the floor glad ur my Senator please keep up the fight , keep pushing McCain he has to give in
So horrible.
Doctors are laughing at how little they know about healthcare when they talk they sound clueless to us.
Them don't care abou us at all !!!!
Because the GOP belongs to Putin. Let's stop being surprised so we can get to the business of taking our country back.
And keep aware of all of their diversions! It's all smoke & mirrors. RESIST!!
I don't agree with Conservatism but recognized their function in democracy. I don't know what to make of a party of treasonous racists.
Why can't I get a response from your office about WHY VA's voter records were given to Kobach's office....seriously
Because Putin told them to
Because it has nothing to do with health care. Nothing at all.
Good question for @JeffFlake and @SenJohnMcCain - doesn't sound like the kind of stuff you said in your speech yesterday, does it #McCain?
Best I can figure, they feel the need to DO SOMETHING, anything. Because they promised ... for eight years. So, here we go ...
WE THE PEOPLE, the shareholders in common of the USA, would like to know that too. Somewhere along the timeline, we became serfs.
Because they've figured out that they can do whatever they want with impunity.
Please support Medicare for all!
You already know the answer. Fight for the American people in a more effective way and don't pander.
Tim - they are doing shadowy things all over the place. Stay strong and vigilant! We're proud of you here at home! Go Ward! Go Rockhurst!
Dictator sip
BECAUSE THEY ARE 

JUST AS SHADY AS

 THEIR #LiarInChief 

#BYEBYEGOP 2018

YOUR ALL OUT!
@scienceovermyth masking the question is weak when you know the answer!
Exactly!
Are there any medical organizations which support trumpcare?
#InAWord - NO

In TWO words - #HellNo

Answer your question ??
Because the @GOP doesn't care about American families
#VoteNo
#SaveACA
@SenateMajLdr @RandPaul @GOPLeader @LindseyGrahamSC @tedcruz
Tax cuts! Tax cuts! All the GOP wants is tax cuts!
Greed Over People = GOP
Uh...thats what Obamacare was. Remember? Hack
No conscience!! 
This should tell us all something, next election ask or drag you're family and friends to the polls.
Because they hate us.
They HAVE been listening. You've just been too busy with your #resist #obstruction campaign to notice #Obamacide MUST GO!
Because they don't care.
Because they are jealous that Dems actually took the time to do something good for the American people.
They are terrible people.
Crooks
Because they are a-holes who don't care.
Uh, because they're evil bastards in thrall to their corporate donors and/or Russian oligarchs?
All about their heavy hitter donors for the next election cycle.
Because they have no souls.
Simply the @GOP suck
Because their real constituents are the super rich & big corporations who want tax cuts & environmental deregulation. @AriMelber @maddow
Because they HATE Obama and it doesn't matter who it will hurt, it will be another piece of legislation that PBO's name is removed.
That's a rhetorical question, right?
I have tried to call lots of them.  All their mailboxes are full.
I troll their Twitter feed when that happens.
They don't want to hear from people actually affected by the bill. They only want to get $ to their donors. Pathetic isn't it.
#wealthcare for 1% kicking up to 32million off ACA Shameless cowards.
@gabino_58 we would love to know, but like never in American history this Congress does everything In Secret! 
@verucasalt10
Because your cohort isn't exposing Koch-driven corruption that's rotting the Republic. Schumer couldn't even remember where he was today.
Because they are evil,heartless killers that put party and their own agendas before human lives. Period
B/c GOP leadership seems not to have a collective compassionate fiber in their being. They hear-they don't care
Because our opinions don't matter. We are not one of them.
They have no stones. They are minions for despicable Donald
Anything to shut down ACA. & they think they're better than their constituents. & to line their pockets w/more insurance $ & gifts.
A) all of the above
You have to vote for it to find out what's in it.....sound familiar?
BC @GOP is a morally and intellectually bankrupt group of white men clinging to power in inhumane, racist manner. All of them
Because they are really as evil as you suspect?
Since there really is no bill, it will consume the entire year of GOP  legislation to arrive at one.Political suicide without Dem buy-in.
U tell us.  Twitter is going crazy w/the crazy antics of the senate.  This is just disgusting.
Yeah, why? Nothing is at it seems I'm thinking.
Ask your boy Mitch. Confront him. Demand an explanation, decorum be damned. It's time for bare knuckles, not velvet gloves.
Most corrupt government.
Because the GOP is a criminal organization. Republicans think further elections are rigged in their favor. Please proceed accordingly.
How many more petitions, post cards, e-mails must I send to get you:the Senate to listen and give us MEDICARE FOR ALL.....
Why did the Democrats do the same 7 years ago
Sadly, I don't think they care about any of us.  #SaveACA
Because their bill wouldn't survive a minute of public scrutiny.
Great Question, "No why?"
Greed.
The GOP hates Americans they only care about their pockets
How about you and the rest of the Democrats form a solid wall demanding single-payer which is the ONLY way to control costs?
Because they KNOW they can..... 
Because they following the same progressives script you guys left behind!
You know why, sir. I hate it, but the Dems did it first. ACA, you have to vote on it before you can read it. I remember.
Obsession and hate
Bigger Question: Y aren't #Dems leadership in unison pushing 4 #SinglePayer #Medicare4All ?
Money, money, money
They don't care about the American people. All they care about is cleaning house of anything OBAMA.
Republicans are party liners not Country..they are more patriotic towards Russia than American citizens
Because these Republicans knows politicians are one of the same. The old order!
Why did the DNC have a vote at midnight on Christmas Eve without listening to same?
This makes no sense whatsoever. Makes partisan politics even more detestable.
I am not surprised.  These politicians are so out of touch with what is really happening in society.  #HealthCareVote
Maybe your voice should have even been louder before the vote placing a expiration date on my life.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Since when has either side listened to patients, doctors & American families?? Example: Marijuana still federally illegal.
Copying Democratic congress we pass it then we read it
Because willfully ignorant and apathetic #Americans let them? 
Because he wants to win. He doesn't care if we lose so long as he wins.
Because they don't care about the American people only their pockets. Greed over people that is the @GOP now.
Excellent question!
You're full of it CLOWN... Did you pull strings to get your son off the hook ???
The GOP are beholden to their millionaire/billionaire donors.
Why indeed?  They seem destined to kill the least of us, while giving the wealthiest more and more. #SaveACA # helpus
Obama didn't listen to anyone. It's a bad bill. Both sides are childish
DT doesn't care about USA, Americans, or ANYONE 4 that matter...Sooo jealous of OBAMA & knows he'll NEVER get same RESPECT/ LOVE!
THEY ARE ANT-AMERICAN COWARDS...INCLUDING MCCAIN!
For the tax cuts and kickbacks from lobbyists man ......quit walking on eggshells , tell the truth about Republicans....they hate Americans
You mean listen to these organizations? No way, GOP knows better
I d/n need everything ACA makes me purchase for insurance. Why I dropped cable TV. D/n use the channels. Do same w ins.
Exactly same way Democrats passed ACA. My premiums/deductibles increased 66%. Daughter couldn't afford insurance
because "winning" is everything.
THANK YOU! I'm heartbroken that this is being done out of spite & at the expense of Americans including my disabled son who relies on ACA
Because they are corporate stooges to the likes of @Koch_Industries . The @GOP are the disposable jack-booted shock troops.
U don't make sense.  If it's a secret bill, how do we know the consequences?  Nothing can be worse than AHCA.  8 M Americans paid to avoid!
Because they are horrible people
Koch Mercer consortium?
GOP r held together by overwhelming hatred of Obama& his legacyThey're bought& sold by Kochs who want 2 rewrite COTUS abolish People's power
ONE WORD- KOCHS!
The vote was on debating, not an actual bill. Why not work together to save us?
Easy enough. Becuase they don't give a sh*t about anything but 1%.
This bill is not about caring for people. It's about the mighty $$. The tax cuts the top 1%-2% will get.
We've got ruthless people in the government right now! #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNOW!
I am sick at heart and saddened by the casual cruelty displayed by the GOP.
Because the GOP likes dead poor people
Today's @GOP values political victory above all else. And they're voting to put millions of civilian American lives at risk to get it.
I can't believe they passed the moron to proceed
Why did you all do the same with Obamacare, most Americans didn't want it.
Because they do not care about the people, only about saving their reputations
Simple. Patients, doctors, their families don't factor in. It's pure spite.
All for big tax cuts plain and simple, Americans be damned, they are all spineless
They are not even human, apparently....
$$$$$$$$$$$$$
When will people realize we're being played by an administration that doesn't care about its people?
Because getting a tax cut & destroying Obama's legacy are more important to them than our lives.
because they are idiots who don't care about anyone but themselves!
#Followthemoney It is the path to #treason  and there are no #patriots left in #republican party
Because my former Governor and current US senator they've been bought and paid for by special interests and don't listen to people anymore
Because I just want a win, the public be damned
They retained their true allegiance...to the billionaires who paid (campaign contributions) for tax breaks.
Because they can with impunity
Because they just don't care about The People Obviously!
@Samuraisurfer53 This bill is a tax cut disguised as a health care bill.  Like their POTUS corruption results in systemic rot.
Because they don't care about the America people and it is sad I will never vote for another REPUBLICAN again in my life VOTE THEM OUT
Wimps for mc connell
Why do you ask such dumb questions?
ONE $TRILLION DOLLARS FOR RUSSIA! WTF does everyone act so dam stupid while this shit is going on? PEOPLE ARE GOING TO DIE! Start counting
Because @GOP is evil .
And the VP just cast tie breaking vote. Inceedible.
Because they are fasicist and want the sick, elderly, and disabled to die as fast as posible. Except them ofcourse.
Because trump threatens their jobs. Look at Sessions!
Is that rhetorical? Because that's what their rich donors wanted them to do
I called Senator Toomey with my medical opinion as a PA in Pennsylvania. His office didn't really care.

Obvious-they don't care! That's why they refuse to call it the Affordable HealthCare Act! It's too much like right!!
because they don't care about us. I have never felt so discouraged and disrespected.
@GOP 'leadership' is more like sheep, following a traitor, leading America off a cliff. 2018, they find out who they really work for.
I guess we will let you read it after it is signed#sound familiar
Why? It's obvious they don't give crap; that's why.
Because Obama.
Because they're filthy pigs
What say you @SenateGOP ? 
Because the wealthy are anxiously awaiting to becoming wealthier.
They don't care. They are a cult. We have a dictator and the democracy is now dead.
Stop the politics of people's health and listen to them they need universal health care for all from our taxes @usa
Because the @GOP are ALL, Heartless, Power Hungry Bottom Feeders who could care less about Killing our country's most Vulnerable
So they could say they did something before they go home.  Never mind what's in it ... they don't care about the people, just themselves
the million dollar question
Perhaps in order to actually open it up to those voices, most of which you won't properly represent if it doesn't fit your narrative?
Because they, like he, are bullies & only interested in preserving their jobs (and, btw, excellent #healthcare benefits.)
"Kill The Bill!"  and "SHAME!" ringing through the hallowed halls of Congress. Listen to the PEOPLE!
....believing it actually is a success when it's not. You're told to hate Trump, so in reality you are puppets. You're brainwashed. Sad!
Obamacare is not the answer but neither is pushing through plan without consulting med professionals. I'm not for Obamacare
Im sure they have had some sort of input from medical professionals. Don't just assume because the media says it, it must be true.
Because they only care about tax breaks for the rich? Just spitballing here.
Because they don't care about Americans?
Because they are assholes?
Don't forget the "If you like your plan, you can keep it. It's a death spiral. Way to go Obama with your "success", and way to go people for
They just want a win. Any win. Doesn't matter who they hurt. They would throw their own grandmother in the street.
Good Lord, it's obvious Obama care supporters haven't looked at the current stats. Insurance companies pulling out & skyrocketing premiums.
It seems illegal.
Answer: Tax cut for Wealthy Americans.
