If only you were this concerned about the victims of Benghazi
Perfect Lil Trump supporter.  Naïve to facts and deflecting elsewhere.
Tim should of said something before the brunt of work was done. Late. Hope he doesn't bring his son.
Excuse me?  The brunt of work has been done?
You are excused. Yes food water and we hacked paths to the towns as the teamsters refused to drive unless paid more. We had volunteers scabs
Fake news about Teamsters.
Victor Rodriguez the leader of Frente Amplio de Camioneros.
Frente Amplio is not affiliated with our organization - different group
While you're visiting Puerto Rico, you should also visit the other USVI islands that need help: St John, St Croix, St Thomas, Water Island!
I bet Trump neglected the other US islands because he didn't know they were US territories! #hurricanemaria
Try again. The The US Virgin Islands are predominantly black and Trump was very blatant about his feelings toward blacks.
Not quite true! Have you been to the islands?!? I used to live on St John...even Kenny Chesney had a House there until Hurricane Maria!
We r MD nonprofit w/med supplies and generators. Need transport to PR. Can you help? Gen Buchanan has our letter
I trust that you will visit the areas truly suffering and provide an accurate assessment, Senator Kaine. Thank you!
Easy to say, what have you done? Where is the world, the UN etc
Make sure you take plenty of cameras with you. I mean,we wouldn't want you not to get the Photo op you want.
We need your support with abolishing #jonesact and legislation to get #puertorico out of debt
That is a 100 year old law that if lifted could devastate our economy.
Please post the updated power and water statistics FEMA just removed from its site
They are on the states site
Our church is headed there next week. Do you have items that we can distribute to the areas where we are visiting?
Good, stay there. You'll do more good helping the clean up than destroying Va.
Thanks for being a good senator, Sen. Kaine.
I hope your paying for it out of your own pocket
Please step up and talk to private citizens like @Bethenny & @chefjoseandres who been non-stop efficiently Help!
Corozal, Comerio and Coamo in lots of need. People are starving & thirsty. We are coming to help. #BStrong #PR911
YOU are a good man not there for a photo op. You care and will do what you can.  God Bless!!
Please stop over and visit US Virgin Islands as well. They are being ignored, again.
America really blew it. You would have been such a great VP. Keep up the good works.
Thanks Tim; Nat and my daughter went to Governor School together. Godspeed and many thanks!
And GW also; just remembered...
Like how u going to help ! U seem like a total joke
Will your Antifa son be with you, to stir up trouble whenever/wherever the opportunity presents itself?
Pls tell abt the work that has been done.  FEMA, US Coast Guard, VA-Task Force, DoD.  All there working hard
AND US Virgin Islands
How about do more than survey?  How about pitching in and helping more than slam dunking paper towels and show DJT how it’s done
You need to keep your useless uneducated ass home. You have zero power to do diddly squat. The last thing PR needs is you bumbling dumb ass.
Please investigate where donations of thousands of Americans have gone. Water and food IS NOT being distributed. ACCOUNTABILITY
Do us a favor and stay!
We need to move these people out. Screw rebuilding along God's yearly Bowling Alley. #MoveThemToAlaska
Everyone there seems to be working my sister tells me how #PuertoRico is recovering how police officers spend days under the sun w/out water
When you get there you should just stay there.
Thank you for taking the time to talk to us during our lunch break Mr. Senator.
Great to hear as these Americans deserve the best of their Country in their time of peril.Anxious to hear your assessment.
Thank goodness! Go with God, Senator!
See what you can do about this ridiculousness...this is unacceptable! Find out also why US comfort only has 250 beds
In Humacao, a town of 80k, this was the sole aid given to people, 10days after Maria #PuertoRico 
Can you request FEMA post power and water data!
The state posts the info.
And helping everyone since most traffic lights aren't working. Tons of militia there too!
Wheres the relief bill
Air drops of water/food/meds!!!! Like, two weeks ago!!!
trucks, truckdrivers, drones, people to distribute food, evac personnel and helicopters
Thank you!
That will be great! It's nice to have someone with a brain going down there, instead of just tossing paper towels @ their head & leaving!
One thing they don't need is paper towels ...
Safe Journey!! Senator Kaine!
People, helicopters, water, diesel.
TAKE SOME COLD BACKS WITH INSULIN PEOPLE ARE DYING#MakeAmericaKind
Thank you Senator Kaine! The people of Puerto Rico deserve someone with common sense and compassion, talking to them and not down to them!
Please visit areas in the north west part of the island. Better yet visit all areas and speak to the people. Thank you for your help
Don't take HiLIARy...she'll rob them blind.
Just take a private jet, Trump cabinet always does.
You are my VP
Thank you!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you.
Get the truck drivers back on the job before the supplies sitting on the docks spoil. Doesn't seem the mayor can do anything.
Thank you.
Thank you! @timkaine
Don't forget to take 1 million dollars of aid with u of ur money  don't go so u can say Trump hasn't done enough what have u done #lowlife
You are a good man. Thank you Senator @timkaine
You should just donate the amount it will cost for you to go there. Unless you can provide physical help you’re just being disruptive.
.@timkaine Hint-bring some helicopters that can airdrop food, water and supplies to the remote regions cut off from power, cell and roads.
#thatsmysentator thank you
@iamdarylleon 

Bring them to the mainland
Thank you
Those in Puerto Rico are in a dire situation Mr President. HONEST TO GOD!
Please stay there!
It’s seems the out of the way places are in dyer need.  They don’t need paper towels!  Food, water, medicine. A few hands to share the work.
Please tell us the do not forget the US Virgin Islands scared of number 45
Thank you Senator!
Thanks Tim, we really need help.
Please sir let us know what is happening
Thank you Tim.  Oh how I wish you were our VP!
Senator I think your cross-cultural knowledge may help bridge mainland negative perceptions of this LATINAMERICAN island -#BilingualTim
Check @CrowdRescueHQ and http://www.crowdrescuehq.org  for some background info, map of situation.
You are a fine, noble man. Help ease their pain. You should have gone sooner.
Thanks we need You 
You are not needed to identify or voice your opinion
Wish you could have gone earlier.
Thank you!
Sen. Kaine we can trust what you tell us.
Be safe #SenatorKaine we know we'll get the truth from you
Thank you Sir
Only going to survey and identify huh how about actually helping? At least Trump passed out some paper towels while he was there
Looks like some roads/bridges would help. Barring that, some helicopter food/water deliveries?
Hey you lost the presidential election so stay here and work on our tax cuts  #DumgAss
You should stay there permanently. They need your help. Maybe you and Hillary can run for governor and mayor?
Wow your as important as Hillary is NOT!
Please tweet trump the true state of affairs.
Thank you @timkaine! Anything you can do about #FEMA deleting bad-news #s off its website?
Nothing against you but they don't need another talking head to identify whats needed-a quick list: food water medicine fuel generators
Just think of your grocery cart. But I think Tim will assure them they will get help. He won't throw paper towels at them.
Thank you so much for keeping your attention on these Americans who still desperately need help!
Start a go fund me to help them rebuild? One house at a time?
True hero!
PLEASE SEND LOVE AND HUGS FROM ME. I WISH I HAD MORE TO GIVE
Can't wait, I'm sure you'll b able to stop the dam from breaking. How about u read up on silencers while ur flying over there.
The story from @elonmusk to help restore the power grid sounds promising. What can I do to help on the ground. Can I join you?
Thirteen months until Virginians sweeps you out office Senator. Get you govt travel while you can.
Please let us know the truth.
Take Elon Musk with you. He has an island plan for long term power infrastructure. Solar energy versus wires to be blown down again.
Don’t forget to give the San Juan mayor a kick in the backside. Videos & boots on the ground show she deliberately stalled efforts.  #MAGA
Bring back an honest assessment!
Thank you, Senator Kaine! Pray for and donate to organizations that support our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico.
Many thanks, Senator!
Please check on the west coast! Get outside the SJN metro area!  #lajas
Oh, you’ll take care of it, won’t you Kaine? Donate 1M for relief!
You are going to pay for your travel aren’t you? A wealthy man like you wouldn’t burden the taxpayers?
Thank you @timkaine And thank you to the first responders from Virginia helping our people!
Please don't forget the residents of the U.S. Virgin Islnds - their situation is as bad/even worse than Puerto Rico. They ALL need help NOW!
Hi Tim ! Going to PR, eh? Any chance we can get you to just stay there, like permanently?
Dude you are irrelevant, it's obvious you're exploiting their misery for a photo op
Real cool
They need a whole new island
Grand stander
And pay for it with $ we don’t have. Or you could make a call to someone at the site already and come up with a plan.
Expert Recon Aide Coordinator, Paul Waggoner taking off now for  Puerto Rico w/ supplies in tow&on the way!
Donate@ http://Humanrightsfest.com 
There’s tons of heavy equipment operators CDL drivers and everybody else that can’t get in to help Puerto Rico, can you answer why
Thank you!!
Comma and helicopters to start.
What's needed is that all of you politicians stop exploiting events. Stop spending! Start paying debt. You and Puerto Rico.
Investigate @Fema why did they send aid & supplies 14 days later pretending to be there? @Bethenny done more for people than FEMA & TRUMP
Careful you don't hurt yourself.
Thank you. Please let us know what you see and what we can do to help.
Sir what is your office doing to help #Puertorico? The tweets are great but they need more than tweets.
what are you doing besides tweeting
I am happy to have my taxes go toward Puerto Rico relief
Be sure to take Woody along so he can organize a PR chapter of Antifa.
TY!!! The refusal to fully respond to this disaster will haunt this self-serving Abomination of administration as Katrina haunts Bush.
Thank you @timkaine  for you example of kindness,  generosity and showing the world Good Americans are here and wanting to help.
Why don’t you stay there Timmy? PR is, and has been taking care of!!
The Puerto Rican people are reaping the rewards of electing corrupt and inept officials. This should be a lesson to us all
Thank you, Mr Kaine. Cause President Fucking Moron won't do anything. Because he's afraid of women.
What's needed is a new president! Condemn and remove 45 before he destroys this country!
You paying for your own airline ticket?
A little late.
Senator: Drop by the #USVI too.
Oh!  Mr Kaine is going to fix everything in PR!!   What a joke you are!!
Please come back with the truth as @FEMA is hiding statistics
Something #trump should have done instead of belittling the poor people
Thanks Tim
Did you get permission for @realDonaldTrump?  jk
Thank you for caring for all equally. No paper towels throwing
No, you're going there for the photo-op and publicity.
You're going there to campaign for the communist. We will not forget your actions.
Talk to @Lin_Manuel he is doing amazing amazing things and more than the US government are doing.
Did you see 45's tweet about the VA race today?
Happy to hear outlying communities seem to be suffering the worst2days ago first relief seen 2wks with only 1 meal for only half of the ppl
Please bring medical supplies
Thank you soooooo much for your service to the nation. So hard to think--if only . . .
Glad you are going there.
Thank you for caring.
Can’t you do that from your current location, or is this a photo op to show how much you ‘care?’
#Crisisisreal in #PuertoRico @realDonaldTrump
Thinking of you
Curious. Have any GOP gone to PR.
Please don’t throw paper towels at them and shame them cause only 34 people died  and they are breaking the budget!!
Politics...how is it your role to do this, and to do it on VA taxpayer dime?
Thank you for all you do  I'm not from Virginia and you make me proud 
Thank God.
Please travel outside of San Juan
I live in VA but I have family in PR who are desperate for help. Please do whatever you can!
Didn’t the ass in Oval stop sen from going?
Hmmm
Thank you real @VP-@timkaine!

Thank you.
Go to where @mike_pence & @realDonaldTrump will not go. That's where the real sufferings are...
Why don't you just ask them and send it instead of taking up time and supplies for the victims.
Why Tim go to PR. Then get off you're ass go help. Crap you're not doing anything but stirring the pot. Go help them. The. Tell us.
Send more aid, planes, helicopters to help distribute water, food, medicine & supplies & Investigate Trump & Fema!
First: Bill Clinton
Then: Anthony Weiner
Now: HarveyWeinstein
Soon: Tim Kaine
Honestly contact @Bethenny && talk with her about her efforts to truly help those people, she has a lot of info & done a lot already
Awesome Tim thanks  do everything on you power together in bipartisanship 
Can’t type 
Senator, let us know how Virginians can help our fellow citizens #PRStong #USVI
@POTUS and @fema have already done that. You just want to waste tax payers money just for a Photo op. Please.
Timmy trying to set ur self up 4 2020 & HRC as ur Veep? Do u recognize the history of the #ClintonMob, just a thought 
How will hurricane victims pay for their medical care? Medicare 4 All NOW!
Um who is paying for this trip? Transparency please
Save tax payers money Stay home.
I agree with some of the replies thank you for doing what our leadership has failed to do.
Should have gone there 8 years ago. They had needs then too. A Sensible Tax System would be a good start.
