.@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people, including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
The Republicans hold the House and the Senate, who does the president think he's fooling blaming the Democrats?
His base, he thinks he's fooling his base. He isn't wrong.
His base can't find their way out of a paper bag
It's hurricane season. Where are the new directors of FEMA and NOAA? Not out playing golf ... they are not to be found.
Gonna guess there are some federal workers who R the backbone of the agency still there .Sounds like U are not familiar w/ the Federal Govt?
Very familiar actually.  So how long would your company be effective without a boss?
The Federal Govt is not a company, it is a bureaucracy.  As such, you have layers and directives.  Being without a top guy, not a problem.
I guess we'll see won't we.  Living in a coastal city, I hope you are right.
Don't know where you live, but, states have their own version of FEMA.  Hope they are prepared.
Bull Skata Timmy,.. in The name of God STOP LYING TO US!! You Democrats are refusing to work with the President or his administration. Lier
At least he has a reputation.  What have you ever accomplished?
We loved Kaine as Gov. He was praised for handling of VT shooting, VA voted Best state for Business, unemployment below Natl average then.
Not sure but pretty sure his kid doesn't run a sweatshop in China or owes billions in loans to foreign banks.
Exactly!
He's waiting on more bribes/donations to sell to highest bidder.
Who has bribed him thus far? Besides Russia of course?
DeVos for one
China granting Trump trademark?
Yep. TRUTH
And it's quite obvious that the entire GOP Senate and House both don't care about their reputation
When was the last time Trump took responsibility for his failures: Trump Steaks, Trump Mag, Trump Water, Trump Casino, Trump Air..?
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!! Is that a serious question
Yep. Once a mobster always a mobster. He doesn't even get it. Any of it.
No one in their right mind wants anything or to be connected to you liar
Not only that but bannons agenda is to deconstruct the government.
Why does he want that? What will happen if he succeeds?
Militarized government with a dictator a******
Yes! I see you researched bannon ...
Yes!His book"How I'm runnin shit and makin everyone a communist" told me all I needed 2 know. Did u research?Show me where he wnts communism
Exactly! For the same reason ppl are resigning...
Like rats jumping from a sinking ship!
I dont believe a word of what this man says. Nor do i trust anything anyone in this admin says. All lies and propaganda. #alternativefact
Dems have to keep the pressure on! Need new elections! #ImpeachTrump @MattMurph24
The entire Administration needs to be recalled the corruption and collusion is devastating to our country new election now. Hillary won
It has to be awesome to be the leader of this great country,though stressful,  you can effect so many people with a better life.
Surprised that Democrats are so obstructionist when they control no branch of government. 
Perhaps he's too busy trying to fight your obstructionism and stoping the flow of illegals and jihadis the Dems are bringing in!
Oh grow up...you are one of his Fox news idiots
And Trump does not pay his workers.  Bad reputation. Horrid boss.
This isn't a strong man. You could tell when he lost on election night.
#suit
The man can't tell the whole truth so help him
No..they don't want to deal with you nuts
Tim Kaine's son was arrested for rioting. Maybe he should worry about his own reputation.
Nobody wants you Dump..don't you get it??
And causes you to lose your soul...
45 must believe @SenateDems should come rushing to help fill gaps. What about @SenateGOP? @randyprine
Kaine = AssClown
I would rather have a small group that want to be there than bloat up the government even more.
There is no doubt that D are being obstructionists. Is this not the same as UR complaint under Obama? Hypocrites,all of U! Who R the losers?
You are that dumb to believe that sent you?  Send are the minority that means come can pass anyone they like but there's no nominees
Trump is a liar & a coward
and working for your friend Hill, gets you dead....
Please provide the list of names and positions that the Dems are obstructing @realDonaldTrump. Thank you!
He and Bannon don't think you need attorneys or ambassadors. When there is an emergency he'll hire FEMA head. It all distracts him from golf
Can you imagine ever hiring someone from trump admin or White House or anything!  His stain covers them all #liars #frauds #cheats
many people tell me he blames his Small problems on little blue pills that were not effective under ObamaCare. #covfefe
I can only imagine working for you would be worse the man who still blames the loss on the Russians joke is on you Hillary and you losers
Were u the one that invented Russian collusion or Clinton?  Shame how you are trying to destroy the peaceful transfer of power in US
Speaking about reputation. I can't believe you can't accept the results of the election and undermine our democracy   Shame!!
LAIR, LIAR pants on fire
And the ones he's got, keep quitting
Silly DEMS ! Your paying for the Dem Reps to work for you! They are getting paid for nothing! Bet you wished you could too!
Wow Tim! You need to spend more time on your son! Hear he was arrested AGAIN!
-because dems love isis more than real Americans and unfortunately some how jackasses like u and chuckup got elected to the senate
@realDonaldTrump nominees could get appointed if he didn't let #Putin pick @GOP #Traitors or #Spies.Don't blame @TheDemocrats 4 your treason
how is your Since Russia has interfered for 40 years in our elections, why are I only complaining about this one? OH YES, GREED!!
Your a Lier just like Obama,Hillary&all your liberal Dem senators who will do anything to destroy America conservative values&promote islam
@timkaine 2 say what u said on @cnn is sickening. Have u ever thought maybe @HillaryClinton lost because she is a LIER! #Benghazi
Hey tim YOU LOST think about ur rally's us had 4 or 5 people show up that should have been  a big hint.  SORE LOOSER  2018 u will be out
Nobody cares what you think #loser  #MAGA
Tim Kaine you need to stop continuing to lie to the American people for power honor & wealth! Resign for the good of the country, you must!
Poor Tim your dreams of VP shattered and democrats are so out of touch with America it's obvious Trump is telling the truth. Not you
Not only.obstructionists, but the dems are ruthless liars who are trying to take away our freedom.  They are UNFIT to run USA
Enough of the bullshit spin get #Kompromat to do his job or get the #Mothertrumper out of office before  hurricane season arrives Oops it's
Senator you should be as pointed and vocal when you commentate on the news.
Political suicide to work for Trump. Sean Spicer will never work for someone in politics again after this stint. No credibility.
Nobody wants to have a boss like you, selfishness and greed will never get you anywhere, you'll end up broke off your ass someday.
And he is too busy playing golf to fill those positions 
Want approvals! Waaahh! I HATE youuu,,.
add #consolidatepower #Senator what R YOU doing to stop this?
I wouldn't work for that loose-lipped loser! 
Nobody wants to go down with that sinking ship.
Senator Kaine you should rightfully be the VPOTUS! Why is this buffoon still in office? He and his treasonous family NEED TO GO! #Impeach45
He is a lousy leader.
Do your job for USA & United We STAND
I think it's time for his team to #jumpship and #abandonTrump
Oh, THIS is rich.  Anyone remember some guy named Merrick Garland?  Huh.  #mcconnelling #Obstruction #GOPricks
So he lies again.
Forget your reputation, can you imagine babysitting a 70 year old man that acts like a toddler in their terrible two's w/a full diaper?
Go Tim! !!!
Hurt?  Destroy is more apt; along with legal bills simulataniously leaving you the poor house.  What are you all waiting For?  Join~up!
D has no votes to prevent.
R has all control.
Working for him is toxic.
Never know what in Hell he wants done from one moment to next.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Uh, you Clintons running mate Timmy.
Senator  stain is back again with his fake statistics
You lost. Be a mam,suck it up. Try running the country
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Trump's a lunatic. A toddler has more sense than him. He's a disgrace and an embarrassment to d US
Exactly
45 is the "NOT ME" #SCROTUS
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends No one wants to work for Trump. They resign or withdraw their names. Can't say I blame them!
Hilarious but sad st the same time
Also, Republicans control everything right now. Those vacancies are on them, nobody else! #FuckUps
Working anywhere near the WH these days is career suicide! Why would anyone want to?
thats because of Dem attacks on everyone. Sore losers & sick humans is what u r. Obama financed Russian Missiles & military tech Treason
You are a two bit leftist fascist
I thought it was sunspots or early cicada appearances...
I want 2 see since my @Advocatehealth courtnot returned? Will ts Exodus 20:7 #sinheld by certain nat. Dems effect upcoming races?
Anyw00t awake after Election Day knew Senate Republicans would be Chump's biggest impediment to governance. Honeymoon ended with Gorsuch.
He needs to get off twitter & make necessary appointments & stop blaming EVERYONE else!
@realDonaldTrump Seriously?? It's a known FACT 70% of the cabinet have not been chosen or NOMINATED. Don't blame Dems 4 YOUR INCOMPETENCE!!!
Face the Truth. Running a COUNTRY Is not the same as a business. You can't do deals 1 on 1 and you can't fire at Will. Do USA a favor RESIGN
And those currently working for/with him have questionable reputations of their own to start with
#realDonaldTrump is an insane xenophobic fool who is not qualified for the position.
He's such a LIAR!
listening to you mkes me want to puke
That is precisely why I don't get Tillerson staying with Trump's sad carnival. Career led to pyramid-topper at Exxon-Mobil. Now, this?
And there's also that little fact that HIS party controls both the House and Senate. So, it's the Dems fault? Huh.
@Suzanne1869 Great way to gain the support of us "dems", huh? What an idiot we have for a POTUS.
YOUR EXACTLY RIGHT< N THEY ALL KNOW IT.
It should destroy your reputation if you support anything he does.
you of all people shouldn't talk about reputation yours was ruined by your association with Hillary , backing her was not a good
And many people don't look good in orange jumpsuits...
Trump's comment doesn't even make sense since Congress must confirm appointments and Congress is controlled by republicans!
Just something he threw out there to feed his idiot base.
Ambassador to China resigns after withdrawal from #ParisAgreement
@realdonaldtrump, blah blah blah. That is all!
True, however @SpeakerRyan, @SenateMajLdr & co apparently cant make the connection. Oh well! Better for us!  #Election2018 #Election2018
Don't appointees only need 51 to confirm? how the fuck could dems obstruct anyway?
Why does trump keep repeating the same lies ? No nominees equals no appointments. Pretty damn simple
Doesn't the dope know he has to nominate someone?
maybe if he worked on it instead of golfing every weekend they would be filled by now. #Trumpgolfs
Republicans complaining about "obstruction"?  They spent the previous 8 years writing the playbook on it.
What did working for Hillary do for your reputation?
his reputation is fine
Look what's happened to Gen McMaster. Lying for Trump.
POTUS seems to be having a problem finding any one who wants these jobs. Doesn't look like a  Dem problem to me.
So, Senator, you SEEM to be saying that 45 is a liar! You take that back, before tiny hands hears of it!
Your son just got arrested, focus on his issues
Doesn't help his argument when all of the positions he has nominated (and been confirmed with many Democratic votes) are grossly unqualified
Does he realize there is a GOP controlled senate?
@Senate @Congress @SpeakerRyan @NBC Seems Trump's Nominees, Cabinet, Advisers Must Be Putin Approved! ALMOST EVERYONE RUSSIAN CONNECTED!
Two-bit hustler, two-bit president.
Where is his nominee for FBI Director?  Why haven't all the US Prosecutors he fired been replaced?
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends maybe people just don't want to sell their soul r reputation.
Tim take care of your kids first. Clearly they need Tim Kaine's son among 8 charged for allegedly disrupting pro-Trump rally
That, and he wants to blame the Dems but not nominate anyone so the US gov't. can be run like Trump Inc.
Take care of your son and quit whining.
His small group of billionaires and millionaires will not be enough to fill all the empty nominations
He does not want to fill positions. Him and Bannon want all the power
Working for him hurts America's reputation too
Trump is building a wall - around himself.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Fox news cannot approve Trump's nominees.  Trump wrote "The Art of the Deal".  Why can't he deal?
But when you're unemployable like that gross Huckabee kid any job, even if it's with a lying monster, is a good job!
he's not fooling most of us.
I have never heard so much BS since his rise in politics. I need a puke bucket every time he communicates.
Also, @realdonaldtRump doesn't have enough family members to fill them all #impeachtRump #orangebuffoon #putinpuppet
@Kmax2go  blaming Dems is what his base wants to hear. Critical thinking might get you to repubs control both houses no excuses.
Because 96% of people in DC are Democrats! He will have to import people from red states.
@Kmax2go @realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends
Working for him HURTS Americans, AMERICA & the Civilized World at Whole. What Happened to the Real America Leading in a Respectable Manner 
Besides that, Corruption only works within controllable small circles Also, maybe He's running out of folks willing to pledge loyalty to him
Ok Mr Runner Up , go claim your Steak Knives !!!
Why fill all those positions when you know you won't be around long enough to use them?
LORETTA LYNCH was a RESPECTED JUDGE until she became Obama's Mouth and MANIPULATOR.  Susan Rice and Comey too. Their Reputations are trashed
Someone please tell the orange ball of confusion  the presidents job is to bring party's together
How hateful and unproductive Timmy
Your party knows it can do more damage to his administration leaving as many Obama appointees in office as long as possible.
So you have approved all his current nominees of are you slow walking the ones he has sent you?  That's what I thought.
Inadequate family members  to fill all position ?
Hell, even CONWAY'S husband said NO! #Russiagate #ToxicTrump
dream on, loser.
Want nominations!
#TheResistance Sen. Kaine it seems he either blames Hillary or Obama for everything!
I haven't seen a list of people he's nominated? Should have kept people in their post until he had replacements
Do you think impeachment will ever happen?
Noooo that's not it. He's just too busy playing golf and Tweeting to actually look for candidates.
The fact he keeps blatantly spewing lies is incredible.  More incredible is the amount of people who blindly bekuever what he says.
Paybacks are HELL!!
Approvals for the imaginary?
President Trump is correct.  You are misguided as usual. No, not being truthful as we have come to expect from you.
Reputationhurts your HUMANITY! Hurts your very BEING! Might never sleep at night again! In the 70 -80 odd yrs NOT WORTH IT! Thankyou!
Says the #creepy #marionette forever tied to #crooked #HillaryClinton. #obstructionist #altleft #fascistleft #politicalhack #confefe #MAGA
Actually, it's because he doesn't have that many loyal friends.
Who wants to have the stain of a MAGA Trump Administration team player on their resume?
Not only does it hurt your reputation, working for Trump is amoral now that he has shown his disregard  for American, constitutional values.
The worst President ever
It's small because he's a narcissistic baby who is creating a dictatorship or monarchy so he controls everything
Yes. WANTED anyone who wants to tarnish their reputation as complicit and destroy their professional future.  Apply at Trump University / WH
This White House is a TOTAL TRAIN WRECK. Never seen anything like it.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends @TOYSTAR10 @RabbiJill @sjredmond: As @JoyAnnReid tweeted Hurricanes will be coming ~ FEMA/no lead
Lazy
Help wanted: Do u need a career ending job. Call  the Trump Administration, you will never work in politics again
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends Putin has to personally approve each proposed nominee. And now without use of JK back-channel.
I see your point
Trump blames everyone and everything but himself. That's a narcissistic personality disorder
TRUMP, the Wizzard's straw man (Hair proves it) "With  the thoughts he'd be a thinkin' he could be another Lincoln if he only  had a brain"
Not true Fox News the orange head has yet to put forward the nominations need it has nothing to do with the democrats! Another lie!
Americans are very smart...we know right now your buddy #Hillary is under FBI investigation. Waiting for you to trash Hillary.
@realDonaldTrump needs to pull @timkaine security clearance immediately because @timkaine believes people have a right to know class info .
I got a few emails from @USDS recruiter over the past months. No thanks. Even if I wanted to move, don't want to work for @realDonaldTrump .
Americans know it's your hate filled Anti-American #Democratic party doing everything you can to weaken America.  Treasonous....
You've obstructed him from filling his positions! You and your Party are liars! Former Dem.
You should be VP with HRC as your boss. #StillWithHer
