Thankyou!
Gorsuch must not be confirmed.
How did that work out for you?
Sen.Burr:"If HRC becomes president I'm going to do everything I can do to make sure 4 years from now, we still got opening on Supreme Court”
Gee, I wonder why? Because he's HONEST? Or maybe bc he's conservative? Or not tied to the Clintons? #Nuclear 
As if anything @timkaine has to say about anything matters to anyone but himself. haha  Tim Kaine is an #asshat
He's absolutely irrelevant and he knows it!
could not have possibly studied Gorsuch's rulings. Just like Feinstein didn't do she she tried her crap and the judge clobbered
How is I wish you were VP. #gop is awful.
It must be exhausting for you to lose all the time. #MAGA
Im uncomfortable w Senate using "Nuclear Option" to describe internal solution. I know its not you, but pass it along? Its scary & childish.
That's a long drawn out way to say you oppose him because he was "nominated by a republican"
excuse me sr you are not capable to take decitiiosn you follow the crows
Hyper partisanship and dismantling of institutions will do more harm than confirming Gorsuch. This is a bad decision.
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Thank you. @SenatorHeitkamp  @Sen_JoeManchin @SenDonnelly : W/ #TrumpWH, Dems must unite, esp. in opposition to #Gorsuch. Stand strong.
Sen. @TimKaine just announced that he will vote to #StopGorsuch! Thank you Sen. Kaine for standing up for women and all Americans.
Yes thank you for opposing Judge Gorsuch.
Thank You. 1) he is TOO conservative, esp woman's rights 2) WH under criminal investigation=no nomination 3) McConnel is a rat & cheater
#ThankYou @timkaine
As a former #SpEd teacher w/muscular dystrophy in #NoVa, I thank you for opposing Judge Gorsuch's nomination, @timkaine! #CripTheVote
That's a stolen seat, and the last person who should fill it is an illegitimate president who is being investigated by the FBI.
Please convince your colleague @MarkWarner to do the same.
I am with you 100%!!!
Thank you Mr. Vice President if only in my dreams
Ya done good sir.
do we really need to comment on this  the picture says it all
after meeting with Donald Trump & reviewing his past decisions, I've decided to build a bomb shelter. Good luck losers.
Thank you!!  #NoGorsuch
Very bad decision, Senator.
No, what you meant to say is that Chuckie told me to whine, shake my baby rattle, throw sand from my little sand box and fuss. You
Thank you again Senator
@CupCakeQwn good!
Thank you!
U are wrong in doing this just like the boycotting and obstruction you are a part of. U R there 4 the people not your party agenda.
Thanks for clarifying that you are not qualified to serve as a senator. Looking forward to your defeat in the next election
Of course you would, wannabe!!! You're just trying to save your **S like the rest of the SWAMP you are part of!! Loser!!!
I'll fight you at the polls.
@gorsuch @realDonaldTrump BS Tim Kaine.  Your decision not to nominate Gorsuch is retaliation for Merrick Garland. Lets be honest
You know, it's really interesting that you had none of these concern when he was being confirmed to the federal bench?
Obstructionist, bitter at losing, why don't you take care of your convict, son.
Thank you Tim Kaine!!!  Gorsuch not qualified to be supreme court. Only cares abt oligarchy,  not protection of ppl of USA or the workers.
Hopefully @SenDonnelly will take heed and follow.
I'm sure if it wasn't for the fact McConnell will likely use the nuclear option, he probably would oppose with no issues. It is a concern.
I've been writing every other day.
Yes! Diligence wins the day.
Right, didn't see this coming. Nuclear option in the table.
big shocker there, guess last time was ok for you. Clown, stop obstructing and start working together or GO HOME!
Good!
Mr. Kaine plz brush up against that semi-Democrat Joe Manchin. A little integrity might rub off. Dem. voters should give him the boot
We are with you. I called Bob Menendez today to ask him to support the filibuster.
Thank goodness, please help gather the rest of the dems. This is not a legitimate Whitehouse. No lifetime appointments!
Lie much? Oh wait you are a demonRAT and that means LIAR!
i'm ashamed you represent the state of Virginia.  you are just like all the other democrats.  still acting like a spoiled 2 year old
It appears we were right, typical lying dem. The judge is a far more decent man than you!
Thank you, Senator Kaine, and God Bless you.
Thanks good man
You have lost your blooming mind.
this is what's wrong with Washington. He is definitely qualified. This is a rallying cry to the citizens of this great state 2018
In other words, #JudgeGorsuch follows the law, but since he won't change it to fit your liberal worldview, you're voting against him. Nice
Thank you @timkaine for standing up for #americanvalues!
You are nuts. Party over country and  adherence to Constitution. Dem all the way. Sad. ALL OF YOU. SHAME SHAME SHAME
After a careful study of democrat values and corruption I've decided to oppose the Democrat party, expose their hypocrisy and corruption
Glad you didn't become vice
What a clown!
Thank you!
party lines set aside; Gorsuch is more than qualified! tell the truth! you ran with a proven criminal it failed. Gorsuch will not
Judge Gorsuch has more brains than you can ever dream of. Why? You are drummer than a box of rocks.
Please talk some sense to Sen heitkamp and Sen.manich
WE TAKE CONTROL OF OUR DESTINY WITH CARE OR WE WON'T HAVE ONE!
Thank you for being responsible
thank you Senator!
@drmlb good for you. And thank you for everything you're doing for our country Senator Kaine.
Please work to get all dems to vote no!   Thanks for your efforts.
thank you senator
let's see. A judge never overturned. A judge that has only 1.7% of his rulings EVEN HAVE A DISSENTING OPINION. You're an #AssHat
opposition from Kaine should seal the deal for Gorsuch. He WILL be confirmed you slimy little worm.
this is all political BS. And me as an American who can vote am sick of this bickering
all you democrats are idiots. Instead of opposing everything couldn't you just endorse a few things
Thank you!
Thanks for opposing him. McConnell can't block Garland and then expect this to go his way. #resist
thank you, sir.
doesn't matter what you think don't forget what your butt buddy did it's called the nuclear option ha ha Ha #TermLimits
As a taxpayer I am asking to be heard on the Hill about the PROOF I hold of a coverup, and Government WASTE your $
Thank you. I believe if he was a judge of correct judicial character...he would know the seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
GOD forbid we nominate a judge that actually wants to UPHOLD our Constitution, not rewrite. You're a mess!
You did not need a reason.  I knew you would vote NO as soon as Hillary lost.
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
will you appose the next Trump appointment to the SCOTUS too?
Thanks Hack. Hey, your son out of prison yet?
@jones55_jones thank you senator
Good lad
@rposey42 Thank you, Sir!So nice 2 see we still have some rights. Now let's save  & ourclimate
The very fact Drumpf is a fascist and has all this Russian stuff hanging over his head wasn't enough for you???
Than you Sen Kaine!
thank you. He is not worthy, Garland was.
Democratic voters want @SenateDems to give exact same consideration to any of Trump's appointees as the GOP did for Mr. Garland.
We support your decision! This guy is evading every single question = very suspicious!
thank you for protecting #America from evil fake Christian GOP criminals
Thank you Senator Kaine for your opposition to this candidate!
#ThankYou Mr Senator!
Ask for delayed vote until Russia investigation is complete. Simple pause while we get our governmental house in order. #prudent
Good for you! We must fight back!
You didn't study his decisions; you looked at bullet points provided the your party...you hack.  To think, you were almost V.P.!
Where were all the thank you people at when Kaine had his campaign rallys? Right no one showed now you like him what a joke.HaHaHa
What a joke! U are not voting for him because U are a DEM & the lot of U R sticking together. He is a fine & good man! #GorsuchSC
@apwriter Nothing moves till GOP- Russia -Trump investigation is complete! We know GOP will take these battles to the SCOTUS
Thank you, Mr. Kaine, thank you! The ruling he wrote, came back trounced by the Roberts court--a unanimous decision is too good!
Be honest, Timmy. You decided to oppose Gorsuch before President Trump even announced his nomination.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you for opposing Gorusch from the bottom of my heart.
Amen
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
interesting that you provide NOTHING to back up your claims. Clinton rub off on you?
Thank You!
You da man!
Do the Dems ever intend to DO anything productive for the country? Or just whine and block and whine some more? 2018
Imagine my shock. Kaine opposes judges that follow THE LAW
Thank you. @MarkWarner will you please join your colleague?
Liar. You oppose him because you are ordered to by political hack Democrat leaders.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Kajne.
Sad, sad, sad.  Take the blinders off Tim.
Thank you! Please continue to stand strong against Trump's agenda.  #YourConstituent
Of course you did. Your rationale is obsurd. You openly say qualified, but don't like his decisions so nah. Completely political
And. Sorry Tim. He's only going to need republicans. Dems can't do anything to stop it.
There's a shocker. A down the line leftist opposes a conservative judge. Typical, probably with some sour grapes thrown in.
that was an easy one.
.@timkaine @rengels11 that's not even the question. Don't you get that?
@bulldoghill Wolf In Sheep..His Interpretation Of The Constitution.  Is Not. What A Supreme Justice Should Be. #VoteNoOnGoreSuch
Of course!Not smart enough to think 4 URself,dah dah dah follow the leader who happens to be 1 of most vile humans  @chuckschumer
@NigelCharles Thank you!!
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Thank you for at least meeting with him and then making an informed decision.
Thank you Senator.
I thank God everyday the closest you will come to the White House is when you take the tour.
@COBYKOEHL Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Here's a registered voter in Charlottesville who likes you more and more, @timkaine.
oh please - that's been the #Democrats plan all along
Liberal idea of economic development is growing food stamp dependence. Does that make you feel good?
such a great catholic and wonderful father, perhaps your wife should have chosen contraceptives or an abortion...
Who are you trying to fool? 
You are just towing the party line and America be damned. Go snort another line.
Thank you Senator Kaine.
that's because u don't understand your role. He's more than qualified despite whether you agree with his ideology or not
Thank you
Party line.
Thank you!
Thank you
thank you!
Thank you for standing up to these bullies for us, Senator. You are a class act.
If U can't vote 4 the brilliant judge your party happily & fully supported in the past then UR the fool I knew U2B during election
It's about time you made a decision.  This guy is over the top with extreme right-wing decisions. We need moderate.
really respect Kaine's position b/c middle-road Dem w/some sympathy for conservative "social" values, strong opposal IMO
Thank you It's a stolen seat & we won't accept a lifetime appt to SCOTUS by a pres who is obstructing #TrumpRussia investigation.
What on earth is wrong with him? He is flaw less. Keep it up and republicans will hold for a long time
thank you Tim!
@upnorthrobyn Good.
Thank you!!  Keep fighting for us!!
#StopGorsuch
please filibuster
thank you!
Thank you!
What a shocker @timkaine. Not!  You surprise no one with this announcement.Time to return to @SenatorReid rules and get a good man on SCOTUS
what took you so long? 
Remember that time you got nominated to be VP?  How'd that work out?
Thank you Senator.
You're ignorant!
THANK YOU!!!!
@clc202000 THANK YOUUUU!
@bannerite Thank you!
.@timkaine Thank you Senator!!! #Resist
@MousamMama
why he was previously nominated by 100./.  Of senators
@ElizabethElliot Don't think anyone cares Senator- after your VP debate- nuff said.
I thought he did very well, in the debate.  :)
You can't be serious??
Thank you for remaining loyal to your constituents!
You're a good man @timkaine
thank you VP Kaine, after all you really are the real VP
@co_rapunzel4 @pannlewis44 #FBI #Veterans #Law
99% Sends NRA TeaParty & Drumpf Subtle Message Regarding GOP Judge Gorsuch Appt
@bannerite even if he was the golden boy this is a compromised administration the only branch not affected by Russia is SCOTUS
Thank you!
@bannerite thank you
@wendydshaffer Thank you.
thank you
@Endoracrat #ThankYou!!!!!!!
