How about who the president promises for American children dream? PresidentTrump.
So show those kids where the application to citizenship line is!
so fix it thats why you're elecyed
You can never believe a narcissist's promises...
This prsident is a nightmare
Then quit blaming the President and do your job by passing legislation on this issue
Evidently you lack the intellect to make the hard decisions a leader of nations must make, makes me glad you and shillary lost.
You are the heartless one that takes hard earned taxpayer money and believe you earned it. You were elected to serve not obstruct!
I don't think the DACA folks should be sent back. Congress makes the laws so FINALLY, come together and fix it. We know you can do it!!
So if children shouldn't reap the illegal actions of their parents, why do we have to reap the actions of our ancestors by reparations?
Aren't you a Senator...get it together and quit blaming. Get to work!
He's so uneducated about everything #POTUS is always going to be a dim witted jerk without a heart 
Then shutdown this govt! That is the ONLY way to get leverage against this administration. Trump only understands money & greed. #shutdown
sure. he used millions of his own money in election. no lobbyist money. he donates his salary to charity. Clinton was bought and paid for.
He should fix Daca  and pass det seiling. And in construction  like roads and fix bridges too I
What did you do during the eight years under Obama? Had your hand in.pockets. remember your history of Democrats KKK. Sad
Then they can go Back  through no fault of their own...as well!!!!
Maybe your ex President and you should have done it legally.  You're a Senator and defending an Unconstitutional act.  #TimeToGoKaine
Another promise broken! It's gotta stop!
How terribly heartless! He's supposed to be our President? I really like to know whose President he really is? Just keep pushing people out!
He is just stopping new kids from coming in and giving Congress their lawful right to pass a ruling on this to protect them. learn facts.
next we Deport all of the American children whose parents did something that was against the law sad to be American right now #DACA
It was Obama's fault. Unconstitutional exec order.
fight for the dreamers to become legal citizens!
Problem is Pres is ignorant on complexed matters of governing. Scary that our country is governed or lack thereof from this Pres.
Who President promises? Obama
I know some joined the military, but did any apply for citizenship or did they just feel entitled?
he is preventing new kids from coming here and giving congress time to pass ruling on those here so they are protected. A great move.
Maybe if you had passed legislation the president could not have acted. It is your lack of action that got us where we are today!
Please vote YES to the DREAM Act when it comes up.  Thank you for all that you do!
True.  Please work on a bipartisan standalone bill to replace DACA.  It is the only way!
This act is a call for congress to act! The president should not have to do your job. Some people sadly elected you. Now it's on you. Work!
Its not ended..Its in Congress hands now..time to earn those big bucks
.
Placing law breakers in front of Americans & law-abiding LEGAL emigrants & visa holders is heartless! #BuildThatFcknWall
Would you prefer he allowed the courts to strike it down?  He just gave DACA 2 more years of life it would not have otherwise had.
Thanks for your support
@mcccknight37
pretty sure the President didn't promise them anything
Well let them go through the process to become Americans stop the handouts!!!

The DACA program is unlawful. For an explanation, look no further than President Obama's own words at a 2011 town hall with Univision. 
Surprised? Shouldn't be. The real challenge will be for both sides of the aisle to come together on immigration reform and a permanent fix.
Impeach Trump or American will never be the same.
Forcing the do nothing congress to do something..Obama said it was only temporary..wanted votes is all..just like all Dems who care so much.
That is why you & the rest of the House/Senate are going to pass legislation to prevent this abomination right?
He's playing games so that Rs or tRump gets the credit!! SAD!!
The American people did not make that promise only an arrogant president.
Your heartless decision to shutdown coal mining is much worse.  You still don't get it.
We all know this is wrong except the clown in Chief
Don't forget
There are trumpettes
Are we really surprised he's been breaking promises?
So when do we end anything? if immigration includes legal and illegal, when do we stop? When Mexico is empty? Pakistan is empty?  Iraq too?
I think Trump is mad that @Schwarzenegger is a bigger "American Success Story" than he is.
Ending daca tells illegals you can't come here illegally.  Worry about Americans first then illegals Tim.
I hope the third party and "sit this one out" voters are happy. There was a responsible choice to be made and the "Rust Belt" failed us.
Should bow before God and ask for forgiveness. Ur nothing but a hypocrite. Pathetic.
U like killing innocent babies, millions each year, yet u want illegals to stay in this country. U say ur a catholic, but u believe this. U
Well senator Kaine, draft some real legislation to bring it back legally. You have 6 months.
If he keeps up this goading of Kim Juhn il we may all be deported to hell.
Stop being an obstructionist..cross the isle and work with the republicans..if not quit your job you are doing a disservice to this country
We don't do El Presidente in our country.  Trump actually save DACA today.  Wise up!
These r not kids. There 25 to 35 yrs old. Should be citizens all ready.
We are going to march again!  #resistance #ImpeachTrumpNow

And it will cost billions
Deport them where? If they are not w their illegal parents and are on their own, this is only place they know. Where would he send them?
Don't care.  My kids have there dreams but you morons think illegals are more important then US citizens.

Thank you Vice-President Kaine-- we must stop these traitors to America. Pure Evil.
Dude, Every day that I wake up and you aren't in Our White House. I praise the Lord for that!
Who will stand against this man breaking every rule and promise? Congress needs to get their collective act together and DO SOMETHING!
Today's Daca reversal shows that some believe ...  other groups  are responsible for their failures.
First, I don't understand the comment"brought here through no fault of their own"...it is not a fault to want a better future for your kids!
Second, Melania Trump worked here as an illegal immigrant before her work visa came through...I would like to see her papers too
Look up the term "anchor baby" and inform yourself. Things happen for a reason people
@realDonaldTrump #DeplorablePotus
Help @SenatorDurbin & Senator Graham to pass #DreamAct now! #SaveDACA

Is @realDonaldTrump presidency all about destroying the legacy of President Obama or is it about making the ordinary citizens lives better?
Congress has work to do in 6 months to correct this.
Tim- time to act.  I support you "Mr. Vice President"
What's next Senator?
Maybe Congress will be forced to promote the general welfare like it says in the preamble to the Constitution
Do NOT reelect any member of Congress who is in favor of rescinding DACA! We have the power to put GOOD people into Congress. Just VOTE!!
Unlike most trump supporters, DACA recipients pay more taxes, are more educated, and are not criminals.
Well I understand DACA is gone but congress has a chance to make it work
glad yall find it heartbreaking but for gods sake step up&lead do something! we feel helpless&hopeless as politicians seem unable to protect
If DACA gets 6 months, let’s give Trump 5.
All it does is make you do your job
Brought here by Democrats Failure  to Act on Immigration Laws the last 8 years, YOU FAILED, TRUMP WILL NOT.
DACA is not a complete plan EX: Why do they need to renew every 2 yrs?  Have it expire at graduation. Get to work!
Impeach #45
Senator Kaine, Please do everything in your power to rid our country of this scourge of a President. He is just despicable.
Push to pass a clean Dream Act in the Senate as soon as possible. We know POTUS won't protect Dreamers, so YOU must now!
Stop it already! There is a process on how to remain here legally.
Gee. If only there was a legislative body of government that could do something....
That's is the type of president we have. He is heartless and non caring. They need to see him for who he is! HEARTLESS!
#DACA is heartless, they had no problem burning the American Flag while promoting Mexico's flag and telling U.S. Citizens to F-Off,
#DACA is Unconstitutional & Anti-American, It was F-You-America & F-You-Americans, but now they want to make America Great? buh-bye Liars
Trump is Hell bent on filling for profit detention centers...resist.
Heartless. Cruel. But necessary to feed the ego of the biggest Narcissist Alive. His base wants all of them OUT. I am afraid for them
Please work with your colleagues on both sides of the aisle to pass the dream act.
Problem wugly Americans they want someone to do there studies there work. No more Protestant work ethic in usa Annette Marion and cpms noide

IT'S THEIR PARENTS FAULT, NOT THE LAWS OF THE USA - AS A US POLITICIAN YOU YOURSELF TOOK THE OATH TO UPHOLD & ENFORCE THESE LAWS! HYPOCRITE!
This is not done by the good American the DACA are as much American as we are they only know here! trump what about ur wife speaks proper no
LIAR. Democrats IGNORED our laws and allowed this to happen and now THEY talk about heartless? HYPOCRITES.
The only promises he keeps are to those satanist nasty fucking white people.
Trust is no longer a U S value
This is truly sad!
Obama stated this policy was just temporary, time is up. Start concentrating on homeless, jobless Americans, that's your job! Do your job!!
He is giving Congress six months to fix it.. Do your job... you should have fixed it when you had the majority in both the house and senate
I agree it is barbaric. Trump is unstable!
Where were you before the DACA decision was made, teaching PC at a college campus?
Then do something about it pass legislation the ball is in your court Senator.
odumbass is no longer President ! He made a illegal EO no sympathy for daca not my Presidents problem

Thank you for supporting Dreamers; please keep working to find a way to keep them here. They're some of our best and brightest.
Damn the unconstitutionality that Pres. Obama spoke about 2 dozen times before executive order! "I am not a king"
Please stand up for them + Transgender military. Paris Accord. Nursing home residents to be able to sue. Economic & safety regs. Minorities.
Bull
Over to Congress, do your job!
Ignore his promises, his words are wind.
Look instead: What choice would ultimately benefit me, DJT.
There you will find his next choice.
It was heartless of your party when in control of WH and Congress to refuse to prioritize issue of Dreamers by not passing legislation.
That's what the Deplorables want. They elected him, so they win. Young immigrants lose.
and they are of contributing members or our society.. with good moral values!!!
its a requirement of being in the program !
So DO something    SOMETHING   GET RID OF 45!!
Donald Trump can't pass any major legislature so he intentionally hurts people. He is a mean spirited despicable white nationalist.
What is your solution?
Take a moment to watch.  It will make your day better.  #DefendDACA #tyrantsalwaysfall
WE. NEED. TO. SHUT. THIS. COUNTRY. DOWN.  This is the beginning of a purge..... We must stop it NOW!
DT is a narcissist.  His only concern is himself and how he appears to others.  He craves applause and he is playing to the people who clap
Not true, if he cared what others thought he wouldn't tell you the truth knowing many are too ignorant to understand it. #MAGA
It's not heartless to enforce citizenship laws! Every other nation on the planet had them
as an independent voter and an Air Force veteran I agree 100%
Through that logic a person born as a white, heterosexual male should not be persecuted/labeled with privilege as it is no fault of his own?
Exactly.
It also will decrease the military first responders and crash the economy. These are the best immigrants this country should want!
I think Trump is truly a case example of EDD. Empathy Deficit Disorder. Not joking. & he's in charge. This is, as he says, very so not good.
Fight this!!!
DOJ NOTES:
Potus. Quack quack quack. Obama goofy. White House land of illusion castle Pentagon all in fantasy
Do DEMOCRATS know that a black woman ran against Hillary. No! Because she wasn't a DEMOCRAT. Or another white woman also. No because not DEM
I love how DEMOCRATS forgot about all their previously racism. Because of Obama. Which was white WASHED Dem politics at its best.
Ending DACA is ruthless racist fascist governance.
Please legislate a path to citizenship for the #Dreamers.  #SaveDACA
Not American stuck in usa not American get me and brothers and dog out
Then you better get rid of trump/whole admin & get someone in there that isn't cozying up to w. Supremacists, nazi, al-right. No credibility
You get that 64% of this "kids" are 24-year-old adults, right?
They were five and six years old when their parents brought them to America.  This is their country now and they are ours.  Keep up Phil
So all 800,000 were "children"? No...that's incorrect. Stop listening to CNN.
If they were 8 days old or 18, they are hard working and contributing. This is just one more way to fill for profit prisons. Who's next?
Cry me a river.  This issue is for Congress to settle.  Congress do your job!
It's congress that is heartless. It's their job to make our immigration laws. Do something about it. Stop whining!
Those kids are Americans- some don't even know their native language. We are being forced into being un-American under 45s regime.
Yeah Kaine I'm tired of seeing the lack of action by the Demos.  When does the sitting on our hands stop?
Do something about it or be counted complicit.
Then do something about it.
So now @timkane, you, and a vaste majority of Senators, have to do your job from the bottom of your and the depth of your soul.
Sen. Stop talking, you and the last President took the easy way out instead. Work on the new law that help these kids instead.
Don't blame DACA, or President Trump. Perhaps blame the LAST president, and his desire to rule via unconstitutional executive order.
It's nice to see that I have to pay for my CITIZEN'S Child's college, but DACA immigrants get free college payed. Total slap in face.
Stop the race baiting. You know it is up to Congress to establish immigration rules. Get off your ass and do job for which you were elected.
Codify it Tim
Kids? Most of these are grown adults. Just because you treat you adult son as a kid doesn't mean everyone else does.
Nothing to compare w/ the brainless decisions you've made regarding the job losses in south side Va. You've personally guaranteed no future
Guaranteed no future for the children of south side Va.
This is no longer #America. It's something else now, cruel & bigoted. I'm heartbroken.
A HEARTLESS DECISION IS,
 TIM KAINE, CLAIMING TO GIVE A SHIT ABOUT THE LEGAL CITIZEN'S OF THE USA, WHO HAVE LESS RIGHTS THAN ILLEGALS,
We have a bunch of old racist white rich guys running the show,  how sad is that?
What's truly sad is your blatant ignorance.
Laws are made in congress, it's in your court.
Senator Tim? What can everyday citizens do to help win this battle?
And most congressional legislators want a reform for DACA recipients. Something POSITIVE will come out of this.:)
