Assad is a brutal dictator who must be held account for atrocities. But the President's failure to seek congressional approval is unlawful
Trump doesn't follow the rules & you can count on the Republicans to have his back but if Obama HadDoneThisThey'dBeAllOverIt!
Ummm. Wrong. Where have you been? Under a rock? Obama had a similar issue in 2013, which he just walked away from-THATS what we bitched abt
and Trump said at the time "no action without congress' approval." Truth: you bitched, alright.
Well today as President he stood up for babies, children and women choking and dying,
By firing off missiles that killed innocent men, women, children, and babies? I think not.
You do realize that the missiles shot into Syria were aimed at the planes, and hit planes.
You must mean Airfields, but that is inconsequential. Innocent people were killed and no chemical weapons destroyed.
As someone who doesnt like trump, lets be real Obama launched attacks and deployed troops without the approval of congress MANY times ..
 but the hypocrisy is pretty staggering...
Lol i agree, this isnt the first time he's contradicted himself/lied before...
Sadly it won't be the last either.
True, but hopefully that "russian ties" investigation wraps up soon,  the quicker they validate the obvious the quicker we can remove him.
You're going to be disappointed, another failed democrat blunder!
country i hope he's completely innocent and that this just turns out to be a crazy baseless conspiracy theory.
The man lacks a moral compass, he didn't do this out of compassion.  Putin warned. No plan and no end game.  Needed a power boost!
Yes & distraction from criminal prosecution coming his way. Psychopaths often think they can redeem their crimes by appealing to emotions.
Hell yes this is a distraction!  A perfect distraction to try to unite the US Citizens around him to forget about Russian Interference
Technically, no it's not--he can order a military strike.  He can't declare war, though.   Not a fan of 45, but get it right, Tim.
Isn't he the Commander and Chief of the military as president?....Are we changing all the rules since we lost the election?
Actual Tim you need to know the constitution he can do military action it's war that he cannot call it
Funny how Republicans didn't make that distinction when Obama just wanted to do fly overs with UN forces. Hypocrites as always.
Call it like I see it
So get him out. We're all waiting
Creepy Clown Kaine is this ignorant?
How many times did SCOTUS rule (unanimously) that Obama acted "Unconstitutional?" 12 TIMES! You never spoke up, not once...Shame
Nothing
whats the difference between this action and the fight against ISIS which took place w/o the approval of Congress?
nitwit. Did congress approve all of Obamas drone attacks in Pakistan and Yemen, and bombing in Libya? Were you outraged then?
Nope, once again, you are wrong and a LOSER! Trump was 100% correct. This airbase was an imminent threat and was the best response
Your recent running mate approved of military strikes just before the Tomahawks launched, nimrod.

#Syria
That's not how any of this works. BO requested action, obstructionist Congress declined, ergo no Syrian action.
Obama decided on his very own not to do anything!
this is a lie. He asked congress to strike and they said no. Have some integrity will ya?
Obama asked Congress because he was trying to avoid doing it. That way he could blame congress instead of taking responsibility.
wow. It must be cool to be privy to Obama's thoughts. 
Take a hike #loser
Congress has the power to remove the President, but the ruling majority isn't interested in doing that.
@timkaine didn't see your issues when Obama did it??
Setting up a private email server, failure to send help to benghazi when help was needed, 4 Americans died....criminal & treasonous
Tim he's going to get us all killed.  Do something.  Ally with @SenWarren & @SenSanders and leave the Corporate DEMS behind so we can back u
It's time to stop nitpicking about Dems you like vs Dems you don't agree w/ on some issues & unify or we're totally screwed here.
Chelsea I am in COMPLETE agreement with you here.   My point is the future of the electorate is Populists & Progressives-- Unite Us!!
Yes. We need to put the labels aside, leave infighting for another day, apply lessons learned @ election where internal division wrecked us!
Yassss!! We are on the same page Chel!!
You betcha!
Kind of like Obama did in numerous countries
Why so you bafoons can take 2 months dissecting every tiny thing.  During that time more children are chemically killed .  Shut Up ... Bozo
yup and no one called him on it. Illegal man + traitor. I blame all of you politicians for this tyrant!
Add it to the unconstitutional actions!
As Libya and Bosnia just say'n
Considering that US ground forces are operating in country & Assad is playing w/ chemical weapons @POTUS has a duty to protect those forces
Your views should do wonders for the number of military votes you will garner in your next election. A loser again!
Yep, same when Obama shot 1000 cruise missiles at Libya.  Hillary approves of both. #Warmongers
Correction:  Maybe it was more like 110 cruise missiles at Libya on March 19, 2011, and then several dozen more in the following days.
Really timmy?  Where were you the past 8 years?
He, like all Dems during Obama's administration, had their hands tied to do nothing by REPUBLICANS who demanded we stay out of Syria. DUH...
I think he was referring more to Libya being done without approval.  Not the non action in Syria
Oh you're referring to the multi-state NATO-led coalition in 2011 w/British/French/Canada AFs that was well planned & voted for in NATO.
In other words a false equivalency for Trump's hyperbolic impulsive overstepping authority/acting unilaterally to distract from #TRUMPRUSSIA
Except Trump has actually done something other than flap his jaws.
Don't look now he just violated the constitution AGAIN, divided GOP AGAIN, risks retaliation by Putin/Assad, & the FBI investigation goes on
Wishful thinking again
And where is UN in all of this, why did we bypass unified effort???!!!
Exactly this is a violation of our UN obligations AND its dangerous. If Assad retaliates the UN can hold the USA responsible & take steps.
You know it all ha you was going to let one of VA. Murders go free what if it was your Mother & Father  SICK

.
Sorry Kaine, go back and read the constitution, clearly you failed Social Studies in school, you're a great disappointment as a Senator
Obama tried to get Congress to vote on his big actions, but they refused. @GOP is derelict of its responsibilities.
Obama pulled the vote. Learn history.
- can you provide a link (to a credible source)?
Google. Do your *own* homework.  Obama chickened out and never asked for the vote.
Not going to get people to go your way w/o proof 
I remember watching him ask congress...

The president can't start the actual legislation...

Impotent response from a sore loser who'd be singing Hillary's praises had she made a similar decision as President.
Senator, Have you every even read the Constitution??  I don't think you have.  #Hypocrite, where the hell were you when Obama doing that.?!?
LOLOLOLOLOLOL
Guess he should call it Kinetic Military Action  like  Obama's Libya war...  right?
Clearly you saw Hilldog's plan and are speaking about that, right?
considering congress hasn't declared war science the 40s this tweet is irrelevant
Timmy, Timmothy, Timmy......don't get all worked up.
Should have had #Hillary make this featured campaign promise b4 signing as VP. She lost b/c of warmonger tendencies #WarPowersAct #Syria
Put a stop 2 trump satanic, twisted, lies & corrupted deceptions & cover-ups & his billionaires administrations cult now!

After all the times he told President Obama to stay out of Syria. He said, "Don't waste the powder." DT has made a mockery of the presidency
@timkaine
.@timkaine even Donald agrees with you: 
Practically speaking, the Constitution is null & void. Starting with the function of the Electoral College, it's been progressively ignored.
Republicans don't care abt the Constitution! You found that out firsthand earlier today. Pls, Senator - keep eyes on #RussiaGate too.
Yeah & your buddy obama didn't care for 8 years either He loved playing game of drones in many Middle East countries but I'm sure you forget
Begone, Trumper Thumper. You got your SCOTUS justice and your Reichstag Fire today. Pop a beer and be glad!
more hypocrisy. Reid was first ever to use the nuclear option but I'm sure you forgot that too. Don't worry though I can find you some info
Breitbart and Rush don't count.
You sure about that one? Considering all the drone strikes Obama did without one WHIFF of approval. Please read the Constitution first.
Can we impeach him for this? This crosses another very fine line.
.he is setting himself & family up to become a dictatorship. #ImpeachNow
So you haven't read the Constitution. Or maybe you did and have really  reading comprehension. Either way, just be quiet.
Ur an idiot
That's a joke now, right?  Everything he does is unconstitutional.
Actually, it isn't.  He only needs approval for actions lasting more than 90 days, and that is by statute, not the Constitution.
Get real, Tim. You're just jumping on another chance to criticize T. Drop the political grandstanding for once.
Trump doesn't care. Guess U haven't noticed he is authoritarian dictator & wants 2 run the U.S. like Putin runs Russian. Stealing fr the ppl
Spying on American Citizens and unmasking Identity  is also UNCONSTITUTIONAL!  Criminal
LOL, 1998 buddy, 1998.
trump does what he wants...i still think he wants to be a dictator
Unconstitutional???
Sounds like you'll be supporting Trump's immigration orders Kaine.
And warned Russia.  This smells...
Yep but who cares??!!! It's a video game n I have a reflexology appointment tomorrow....,,
He told Putin before he told Congress?
Read the whole article.  Where do you get your news?
Haven't presidents historically ordered limited military actions without formal declaration of war or congressional approval?
He gave Syria and Russia a heads up, but no vote from Congress.
Yep! He sure did. Wrong as it is Congress has done nothing to halt the conflict and death of innocent family's there for 8 years Blame 4 all
Wrong sir. He cannot wage war without congress approving. Targeted airstrikes don't need approval. But stir it up if u want, loser
dam I'm so glad you lost!
He will probably get away with this also
Shouldn't a fucking Senator know about the War Powers Act?
smh
Please resign.
So did you object when Obama or Clinton did threw missiles too?
Hey dumbs hit. Why do u only work 8 days in April?
Wake up US this government did a COUP and you don't even know it.
you really are such a hack
I have been a strong critic of 45, but I think what he did last night was justice! Fight for our planet and her children!
Maybe you should READ the Constitution. Once again, you show your ignorance for the laws of our country!
Trump does not care about US Constitution-l his action prove it over and over.
"Unlawful " do you now believe you have reason for impeachment?
trump tipped the Russians off so no Russians got hurt.
@HillaryClinton was ready to do the same thing #syria #NoMoreWars
Time to kick this dictator out. More mess expected
Do you have bail money for your son?
I am embarrassed that you are associated with Virginia - did you skip Civics class?
He shredded that document long ago. He hs been allowed to create his own rules & customs as he pleases wout any consequences! Autocracy!
Simmer down Timmy. You would do the same.
He is not the first .....
so get him impeached before he destroys the whole planet.  Please!
RING RING . HRC was interviewed Thursday. Said "air strikes at air bases in Syria are called for" and more. Look it up Sen.or call her!
Oh really?  Bill Clinton bombed more different countries than any other president w/o congressional approval.  What about that genius?
What will it take to impeach the Dude?? Does he need to bomb the US? Nothing he is doing follows the rules/laws and yet there he is.
Your knowledge of history is lacking.
Anyone gonna do anything about it?
Exactly. Its all talk talk talk talk.
When the republicans have Congress, of course nothing will happen. Party over people.
Then #impeachtrump #gethiskidsoutoftheWH
We're well past the point of whether American leaders care about the Constitution.
But... isn't unconstitutional the new normal now? This is what happens when you vote in the businessman who wants to make all the decisions.
With all due respect Sir, maybe Congress first needs to demonstrate it's awake, alive and effective.
And most importantly, @POTUS did not declare war so he really does not need Congressional approval....... just saying
check your party on that one, guilty as sin. 

that would make you the pot calling the kettle black, and a complete hypocrite?
War Powers Act? After Obama bombed Libya for months & exceeded WPA deadlines, he argued bombing wasn't even "hostilities"
He bomb Lybia with a coalition  do your research
Coalition that didn't include approval of US Congress. Obama argued bombing didn't meet definition of hostilities therefor WPA didn't apply
Armchair qb...
Thank You, Lord, that Tim Kaine did not sniff anywhere near the White House.
7 years late on this sir. All of you suck. Where were you when we left weapons for UAE Qatar to overthrow #momar starting sll this
Oh pleez, save us from the pronouncements. What did BO do???
Yours is fake outrage
STOP IT THANK GOD U R NOT THE VICE PRESIDENT
Well it's not his first time being unconstitutional and can guarantee that it won't be his last one either.
War Powers Resolution 
Another well constructed diversion from the Russian probe as his tweets reveal.
Roll the tape: HRC said she would do the same thing. Now sit down and learn something. #Trump #Syria Bold leadership.
So, what's your plan, Sen. Kaine?
Who did Clinton ask when he bombed training camps?
I am sincerely grateful Hillary chose you as her running mate. You helped another loser, lose. #MAGA
Thanks @timkaine for your lonely fight on this one!
No wonder u lost election lol u don't even know the law
They bombed an airfield that did nothing, in fact they missed the airfield. This is just another diversion from Trump and the white House
#impeach
Unconstitutional & illegal stuff going on continues to grow.... yet the man is STILL in office! This charade should stop but Rs look away
like ur pal president Clinton bombing aspirin factory?
You've just shown you've never read the Constitution.
He is the Commander & Chief & does not need Congress to approve a limited attacked, only if a war needs to be declared #MAGA
POTUS can order strikes without Congress. I guess you didn't get the memo, some on the left even support the actions.
And all the flip flops on the GOP side? Totally expected. Thanks Senator Kaine for your consistent leadership.
Ding ding ding..wrong...
You get nothing.
Hey Tim, you might need to Senatorsplain that to your voters & media. major league
It's not Act of War. Imagine what you might have done.
@BarbaraRacek yeah, it is.. and just who do u think will call him out on it? Not the GOP...they only care about staying in power
Exactly
The fact that you're a Senator should be unconstitutional.
go away. Join hills in the woods.
Except he didn't declare war there Timmy.  Just like Obama didn't need your permission to bomb Libya, or did you forget that already?
Respectfully, bad time to make Constitutional argument.  Dictators need to know their are limits. Long term engagement? Get Congress ok
A sitting senator expecting the US to sit on the sidelines after WMD's are used-inhumane and unconscionable.
Is this a recent development you being concerned with a president circumventing congress?
Only when it's the opposite party trying to be the bomber in chief
Syrian Gas. Three times in the last two weeks. Unconstitutional. You want to vote on that?
Then DO SOMETHING !!!!!!
You really should resign.
Thx Timmy for proving that you're a light weight. Unlawful?  Might want to check with HRC before you open your mouth.
Trump go ahead to attacks serial without contact Parliament.
Well we don't no if he's really legally acting n a presidency capacity-no tax release yet!
The only thing unconstitutional is you being  an incompetent senator!! @POTUS  is the best thing that has happened to and for America.
Impeach him!

When your son set off fireworks in a public building, did he ask for permission first? Unlawful . Timmy, Timmy, Timmy, don't be a hypocrite
Well do ya think it may have been leaked if he did? There is a lot of that going on ICYMI.
Impeach him.  He's a loose cannon.
You know Trump does not care about the rule of law.  You would be vice president today if he did.
HELP!  
He doesn't know what he's doing 
If only you felt that way 100% of the time.  It's hypocrite, partisan D's & R's (like you) who are the reason we have the gov we have today!
all you libtards are so funny! Dont like it? Move your ass to syria with em
I was told by a General Syria broke the chemical pact signed that they could not use chemical weapons. Therefore Trump could attack
maybe run a better campaign next time?
Hey now back off my senator and America's Nice Dad!
That individual does not have a brain, he lacks intelligence, he is Putin's  puppet, you know who pull the strings there. #justice4hillary
Weren't there plans to draw up Impeachment Articles against Pres. Obama if he took Military action against Assad w/o Congressional approval?
oh be quiet!!!
WRONG.  as you know, he did not declare war. Also as you know, POTUS has Authority to act. You're just spewing more partisan pap.
Next time maybe try running a winning campaign?
Last time Congress declared war was 1941? So what about every conflict in between?
