Thx U!  #Indivisible
#obamacare only WORKS for those who don't WORK! What about the rest of us?
Have you thought about single payer? It'd take care of those who work, those who can't work, and those who don't work.
Respectfully, not everyone can work. Not everyone has access to a job with good health care coverage.
Canada, Taiwan, Australia, Cuba, France, Spain, the U.K., Norway, New Zealand, Japan, Germany, Belgium, Kuwait, Sweden, Bahrain, Brunei,
Netherlands, Austria, UAE, Finland, Slovenia, Denmark, Luxembourg Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Greece, South Korea, Iceland, Hong Kong,
Singapore, Switzerland, and Israel all have some kind of universal health care. Re: single payer, public option, individual mandate, 2-tier
Single payer can work, especially considering the USA spends more money per capita on health care, but doesn't have the best outcomes.
As a woman, I call BS.  (Like most of what comes out of your mouth)
Sounds like an insult and name calling. You're so goddamn stupid, you don't even know your own fucking bio. Sit the fuck down.
Ah, but I do know my own bio. You, being such a class act and all sure you know how to recognize an insult? I'm pretty sure you don't.
These are scare tactics.  Healthcare is in a death spiral.  There has 2 compromise between patient, ins co's, drug co's, & medical industry
I agree with her it terrible bill I
So how do you propose to fix ACA then?
Thank you, Sir. Please don't let trumpcare/tryandcare/zombie trumpcare succeed. We will all suffer as a result. Don't stop fighting, Sir
You're a fraud, try telling the truth for a change you hypocrite
Wrong. Obamacare undermines everyone's access. No plans to choose in many states, too expensive in the rest. Stop w/ politics and help fix.
When do you say stop for elective abortion? I mean elective. No health issues at all. Cc #congress #senate #ableg #cdnpoli
You stand for woman and support bill Clinton wow that's a lot and want does that say about the woman that support you witches for witches
As to womens care. NO THAT WOULD BE A LIE> WE THE PEOPLE NO LONG WANT TO PAY for the SLAUGHTER of tiny Americans!
Thank you for speaking with women about women, unlike the GOP and their old white man brigade.
Planned parenthood doesn't provide healthcare besides abortion according to PP..
You need to do more than stand with @NARAL, you need to pick up the pace and start fighting for the soul of our country!
ANY insurance at all and ALL our providers are leaving because it was THEFT from the middle class to buy you VOTES so don't you DARE
Make sure you VOTE in EVERY election, 
Today's local officials are the next federal officials
Lying  Tim Kaine!!! Loser Jerk!!!
hahah you call him a loser and a lier when you have a fuckmuppet of a prez who is losing his mind daily on twitter, wtf?
Haha, evidently you never listen to Kaine. He is like the rest of Dem Loons. Maxine W., pelosi , Shumer. talking heads obstructionist. wTF?
Trump, himself, undermines women's ANYTHING!!
A lot of BS and crap coming out of the Dems.  Their lies and deception have put them in the place they are now.
The only thing it undermines is liberal bullshit. The lies everyone was told for Obamacare to pass. A SHIT SHOW that does not insure as said
Planned Parenthood is a murder factory not a women's health care system. You know it and we know it. Time they were stopped. It is PURE evil
Put down our guys trying so hard to fix the DEATH and DESTRUCTION YOU PEOPLE caused us out here! REPEAL THE ACA! replace NOW!@
no what was terrible was what YOU and your Obama did to us out here with destroyed our health care and now has made it where cannot afford
Thank you Senator Kaine for your leadership.
Instead of frightening woman, get out there & retrieve some of the benefits, liberals have given 2 healthcare industry.  Return 2 citizens
There are other programs for women, already in system.  Title X has been around since sixties.  It offers same benefits as PP w/o abortions.
The only noose you're familiar with is the one around Hillary's neck when her criminal behaviors brought an end to her Campaign.
You have no proof of that. Where is your proof. So thankful that Hillary and you were not elected. Worst Senator and Gov Va ever had. 2018
You and Hillary are idiots. That is why you did not win.
Obama Care undermines everyone. Just a nother lie
Thank you Senator
Calling BS on these vile dems. still insisting russian collusion. no proof. your only making yourself look like the pos you are.
Obsessed. Get over yourself
Have you offered any viable solutions since Aetna announced their withdrawal from debacle obamacare?
Vote DEms out, I can't wait!
Thank you! Trumpcare is a scary mess.
Obama rewarded you for failure to protect my rights in C'ville 2008.  Ill with rare cancer.  Have brain tumour, unable to get care. @POTUS
Thank you.
Idiot!
Noticed that all insurance company's have backed out of Obamacare??Who's gonna cover the claims? Didn't care when obamas train wreck passed.
The noise is tightening on trump from the Russia investigation. That is so insane and irresponsible. U guys r just angry loons
There is no NOOSE !I'm watching democrats during the election trash Comey, calling him every name in the book. Who can believe u all now?
Thank You Senator Kaine! :)
Save Obamacare for the idiots that passed it. Should be force to sign up for the crap
Thank you, Tim Kaine.  Hope to see you outstay all of these conscienceless, heartless robots.  We need you, and support you.
Heading in the right direction finally! Repeal this Obamacare crap!
Lol!  
Remember when Bill Clinton criticized Obama care.  This is why you lost the election and barley won your own states.
Tim, thank you for standing up for women's health. This all male Senate healthcare panel is an insult to humanity. #resist #confront #NARAL
Shut up. Did u help come up with a healthcare bill. No, cause u were too busy running ur lying mouth about everything. So thankful Ur not Vp
Thank you, Sir. We appreciate your help.
who cares what u think
Thank you Senator Kaine
Oh so you have seen the final approved draft?
Have you? Sincerely wanting to know. Would appreciate the answer. Thank you.
Dude, you're gonna burn in Mike Pence's hell sitting in that room with all those women.
Thank you!!+
What women health concerns are you addressing?   Current health care for women are very very expensive and frequently called experimental.
No such thing as Trumpcare! Narcissist-in-chief LOVED his legacy ACA named after him.When the AHCA is signed it will NOT be Trumpcare!
#Trumpcare Give the best to the people #USA
TY Senator for continuing to stand with Women
We got this. The people are rising up together this time.
Are you so insecure that you have to respond while I am being supportive of my own?  Go away. Blab with fellow TSups, or whatever
We don't want to pay for killing babies. Routine ob-gyn care is offered by many doctors!
Thank you Senator
Not a prolife or choice issue. Making it one fractures your audience
What are doing to insure a special prosecutor is appointed? Trump just crossed the Rubicon.
All women unlike the ones left in charge overseeing
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Sen. Kaine
thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
The bill hasn't passed through the senate so you're only speculating
Thank you. @timkaine
