2bad u marxist democrats didnt think that way when u crafted oblundercare without GOP behind closed door then forced it on America
Meanwhile 24 million people are insured  wow
FULL REPEAL ..NO REPLACE .GET THE GOVT OUT OF THE HC BUSINESS GIVE IT BACK TO THE STATES
Ur a fool an nobody believes anything u say-how did u get do wealthy being a supposed public servent???
Did you say the same thing when Democrats created PPACA without Republicans?
Tim how's your health insurance? Better question: since you worked with the Clintons, does your life insurance cover suicide?
Why you start being so damn divisive and start following the law
They are still worried about HRC emails...
Last time I checked, your side lost the election...You really can't demand anything, little troll!
No it's time for you to work with the Republicans
Just like you worked with them on ACA with 0 Rep. votes.
You're the ones obstructing though 
Acting for the people is not obstruction.   It's called being responsible to voters.
Why didn't you fight like this for the individual market? We don't matter? H/C costs us more than housing with crushing deductibles. no care
Kind of like the same way you and your cohorts worked with the Republicans on Obumer care? Nutty Nancy standing there telling us:
Or how about Medicare for all? Or are you too much of a corporatist to do that?
Not yet they need to spend another hundred million on this nothing bill ha ha
Tim, The GOP only wants to screw average people.
More concerned about the Unborn than the living.
The Truth finally comes out
WRONG - THEY won the elections and it is time that YOU and the Dems to WORK with the republicans to save America!!
Really? Dems won't do anything that helps Americans. That's very obvious.
You mean like how the dems worked with the GOP when developing Obamacare?   Seriously, do you even think when you tweet, you twit?
You also have to work with the republicans.  Not demanding your wants.   Two stubborn groups gets the US anywhere.
Yeah ok work together. You guys are intentionally stalling appts which is stalling progress. All of you this is not JR. HIGH. Get it done.
Why you didn't work with them. We have seen what the Democrats position. Keep your Dr low Premiums &Deductibles all LIES
Interesting concept, Timmy.  Is that like, Your way or the Highway? I dont see any effort from DemoRats to work together on anything
what about u working with repubs u done zero  to help since jan. Now u want our trust Earn it Cant trust libs treason? Really
No it's time democrats did more than just resist @POTUS 
That's all you know how to do.
Only medical program is coverage for every one.

That's hilarious. Kind of like democrats did with Obamacare?
Hahahahahaha no one wants to work with you including Americans. America told you and the pantsuit to zip it in November.
Bipartisan is the only thing that will work.
Just like Democrats did with Obamacare.
No, it is PAST TIME that your party work with Republicans!  Stop being sore losers!  Look after your son!
You have been nothing but antagonistic, who would want to work with you?   You offer nothing.
Agree!!!! 
It's time for you to get out of the way & #MAGA
It's time for you to be a Senator and not a politician
It's time to FULLY REPEAL OBAMACARE. The Dems created the mess & need to be away from it.
SINGLE PAYER/ MEDICARE FOR ALL! THE ONLY RATIONAL SOLUTION!
I think it's time you reread the Constitution of the United States of America, pay special attention to their definition of treason!
No! Rep won election!
Time for Democrats to work with Rep in a bipartisan way on Repeal Ocare!
I agree. The Democrats have a better plan. The Russians stole the 2016 election. That's why we are in Turmoil!
here here
are you being serious you guys obstruct everything
U sure as heck didn't want any Republicans involved in your disastrous Obamacare
Sure. After all of your hateful rhetoric they will want to work with you? You are laughable.
Yes!

Protect our care? 2018 - 47 counties have no  insurers - 1,200 counties have just 1 insurer - Get real idiot http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/13/map-shows-where-people-could-see-zero-few-obamacare-insurers-in-2018.html …
You don't know the meaning of bipartisan you GOOF
Why, so you can spend MORE TAXPAYER MONEY. There is NO MAGIC MONEY TREE in the USA. Get more people off of welfare - not on welfare.
When you act like an adult maybe they will
No Timmy,.. IT'S TIME FOR DEMOCRATS TO WORK WITH REPUBLICANS!! So far you have been nothing but Obstructionists! Dems R closer 2 treason!!
yes
Says the hyperpartisan failed VP who accused Trump of treason, punishable by death. Can't work with a guy who wants to kill us.
It's past time for @GOP to put the USA ahead of their dishonest self-agrandizement.
Y r 1s who said U wouldn't Work w Rep. U made mess, now come up something 2 replace it. It's beyond fixing. #MAGA #GODBLESSAMERICA
Time for Dems & GOP to stand together & work for the country, not party!  No leadership in WH, needs to start in Senate & Congress!
What, you mean like you worked with them while contriving the ACA?  Both parties are guilty of not working with the other.
Exactly
It's time for #MediCareForAll
That's should be the only way
RIGHT AFTER TRUMP IS IN JAIL!
Why would he be going to jail? Because people like you just don't like him?
You are irresponsible bring up treason. You'd best be careful about that!!
It's time for you to work with them!!!!
Agreed Senator. First we need to get a President, administration, and the GOP to stop lying
You owe the President of the United States & the American people a HUGE APOLOGY. Your disgusting lie of TREASON is below your office.
The Democrats have been lying about Pres.Trump, his family & his people since day 1. The truth is finally coming out. REPUBLICAN LANDSLIDE
That you listen to them is sad. Get your head out of the sand and open your ears. Trump Jr colluded with Russia. Disgusting
You owe the President of the United States & the American people a HUGE APOLOGY. Your disgusting lie of TREASON is below your office.
The Democrats have been lying about Pres.Trump, his family & his people since day 1. The truth is finally coming out. REPUBLICAN LANDSLIDE
#SinglePayer
Would you stand before God and be an accuser? Let he without sin cast the first stone. I pray the scales fall off your eyes.
It's time you act respectful. Especially of the presidents children. No matter what their age. Would you stand before God and accuse him?
No, time for Dems to stop obstructing and trying to get rid of Trump (which isn't going to happen), and work with @GOP in a bipartisan way.
Republican members of congress and work?  They don't belong in the same sentence.
As a Virginian, am I missing something? My husband is getting harassed about "Trumpcare" via email and nothing has passed yet lol. ￼
your leader @chuckschumer does not agree.
.@timkaine it's time for you to cosponsor the Disability Integration Act (S.910) to #SaveMedicaid #HCBS so VA #pwds have right to community
You've had you chance since inauguration. Obstruct. Resist. Remember.
Party not part
Yes and getting trump impeached
It's past time. All the crap talk about working together and #Republicans are no where 2B found. It's For The People, not 4 Ur pockets!
This says it all about the Republicans!
McConnell has been "warning" the GOP of the possible need to work with Dems like it's some sort of rare, incurable disease.
Again, the Republicans have been begging the Dems to work  together; Trump asked you to work together! Let's get it done!  Stop playing!
@ariariale yes should have started there from beginning, much smarter move. Let's see if they get smart
Yup. @timkaine is a disgrace & barely #Catholic. #prolife
And impeachment! Don't forget impeachment!!
You can't impeach someone because you don't like them you need actual reason and (hold on to your butts) real EVIDENCE
work with you?  you are a crook, a liar, and you think it is ok to have secret unencrypted server for sending receiving top secret info
Seems Republicans should by working with Dems on a little thing we call ... Russia. And Election Integrity.  Healthcare too but all of it...
It's time for a total repeal of the ACA   first. Then a bipartisan approach to build a plan based on a free market solution. No single payer
When you scream Treason every 5 minutes?  Such a complete and utter joke. NO American needs this type of representation Mr. Kaine.
That's just ADORABLE!
Good try Sen.  Have you noticed they don't seem to be open tom ANY form of compromise?
How many ways have you concocted to say absolutely nothing? You are the Yoda of platitudes! It has taken you far!
The #Republicans have ask you that ? Fir months. I tweeted suggestion months ago. Hello wake up! Dems are months late. Let's get it done.
tell that to that turtle leader creep thing @SenateMajLdr
Unconstitutional. You were given no authority for this.
It's time for Republicans to work with us in a bipartisan way on health care #ProtectOurCare #SaveMedicaid
Won't senate rules stop any bill not approved by McConnell from ever making it to a vote? The GOP's days are numbered, be strong.
You mean like the Democrats did with Obamacare?  Oh wait...
Never heard Democrats say they want to work with Republicans. You guys must be losing seats. 
Never? Not once?
You work with them to repeal and replace!

As if you did the same under BAMA
Let's impeach and get rid of all of the traitors first because some of them are hiding amongst members of congress..
Hope springs eternal...
