Democrats need to quit talking.  Instead they need to start listening and following through.
Dems didn't talk enough to voters in 2016, they have learned from that! Voters need to quit talking and listening and following through.
Dems have been talking and talking and talking for years, but not following through
They can talk all they want they have nothing to say or deliver they are losers and the American people lose if they ever get back in office
No.  You've missed the point here.  I'll assume it's because you have Putin and Trump junk rattling your frontal lobe.
Crazy Kaine can't come up with own slogan so steals "Papa Johns" instead. Typical Democrat...lie, cheat, and steal..is the only way for them
#MAGA is still better message. Better is losing to Great!
How about a Better Slogan. Anything, really. "Single Payer, Free College, and Infrastructure Jobs" might inspire something other than  
:The first thing that came to mind when I saw it was Pizzagate! It's subliminal for Pizza-gate!
Ummm, okay.
Wow Timmy - heard this before and that's why we elected Trump All of a sudden you care about the middle class. GFY
This is terrible. If that's the best you can do we're in trouble.
This should be @TheDemocrats message
Sounds like @POTUS platform that won him 2016 election.
Next time, get a candidate who's not a repugnant loser.
#MAGA
- Yes, “A Better Deal: Better Skills, Better Jobs, Better Wages." 
EXACTLY WHAT @POTUS IS DOING SO FAR ! #MAGA
A pig by any other name is still a pig just the same.Better wages,kill Obamacare mandate,give 40 hr
better skills DO NOT always lead to better wages, not when lower skilled  #H1Bvisa workers r hired at low wages to take our jobs
What the hell were you democRats doing for EIGHT FUCKING YEARS while Barry was in office?
Beause that is exactly what Trump is doing now. Trillion$ infrastrucure bill on it's way also. 800,000 jobs in 6 months
You can put lipstick on a pig... Dems need a better plan than this slogan tarted up with  Kaine's lipstick. #Resist !!!
Hand the mic to Bernie and let him come up with the slogans if you want to win. "Better" is so easily abused lmao. #BetterElectionRigging
Dear Tim, just imagine if you had let Bernie be the nominee, and didn't screw him and he had won? Do you lie awake nights and ponder on it?
That's cuz the only jobs under Dems will be pizza makers and pizza deliverers! All the other jobs are going to China.
Sorry buddy, not impressed. $100k and I will give you one that works amd is original.
Is this guy Kaine a serious BOZO or what? No kidding!
How about "a chicken in every pot", wait, the depression is over. Or" it really is socialism stupid!" #repealthe17th.
Will that include a free Papa John's pizza w/ every vote & entitlement received?
Do you really think there is a functioning brain in this guy's head?
Why dems need a stronger economic message? If I have to tell you that, you have failed at your job.
“A Better Deal: Better Skills, Better Jobs, Better Wages.". You've had 8 years! We saw "No jobs, No wages".
This fool is a perfect indication of what the Progressive left represents... ignorance and group think!
Just terrible please rethink this.
Better hide your wallet.
Better stop talking.
This slogan is stinky garbage.
Oh..........

Yeah, this isn't a better economic message. In fact, it's on the border is bigoted. Blaming poor, minorities.
Better "Shovel-ready" jobs, Better bailouts, Better TARP distribution to bankrupt companies (for campaign contributors)
none of which come out to Socialist Democrat political programs and philosophy -- Capitalism provides these
Pumped for this plan to train coal miners to write the next great phone app.  But what will I buy with my tax credit?  Healthcare probably.
Papa John's pizza!
You've become a Republican?
If you want to speak to the mid class, speak to the middle class. Your slogans are adorable but they don't win elections
We need a Job Guarantee:
Skill don't matter for full employment as long as we have government policy the prevents full employment.
Timmy, you're confused again! That was @MADmagazine that interviewed you . . .

Suggestion: "better skills" is a pretty crappy phrase. You're going to have to be VERY careful with messaging. Get an "elitist" monitor
Dems need to get to know families: what their daily struggles are, how many jobs they hold to get by, you need to "hear" them, pay attention
Need a new and different slogan. This one is not going to work. 
Maybe: Better America for All.
Tim, you need to talk to your colleagues in congress-there's a coup-in -progress.
The slogan sucks. How about, "Democrats, the party that puts country first!"
With everything else, Democrats still in the lead for the race to the bottom.
You lost a debate to Mike Pence and now you're in charge of messaging?
Please step forward and LEAD the party, sir.
#MedicareForAll #CollegeForAll #Fightfor15 & spend on infrastructure again, on renewable energy, on schools & hospitals.
We need to rebuild this country after the recession & financial crises of 08. That means investing in individuals like we did after WWII.
Corps have built wealth, but most ppl feel stagnation at best. Many struggle for what previous generations had, for healthcare & education.
If you want to win, you go bold. #MedicareForAll, #collegeforall, & #Fightfor15 form a platform that can gain wide recognition & appeal.
Invest in doctors & hospitals. Invest in teachers & students. Invest in workers. End corp welfare, tax the rich & reclaim New Deal spirit.
And a better slogan. I'm a comms professional and even I won't be able to remember it. Please find something with more passion!
@SarahLSmith677 @USATODAY True but you also need a better slogan. This ain't pinging the visceral, emotional centers.
If you actually care about this country get behind Medicare4All, Free College, real campaign finance reform, ending wars & green new deal
Anything less is empty rhetoric that will give you another wave of losses. We're fed up, tired, and done with nonsense.
Step away from the mic....please just step away.
Implying that people lack skills. Excellent outreach, that.
Government policy of raising interest rates to prevent full employment is your fault for being so unskilled.
Please consider just using the word "Plenty." It's simple, it means so much and everybody on both sides understands it.
"Better not vote for Democrats"
Nooooooo
lmao dude. more sweeping losses for the dems in 2018. good luck with this bullshit
Belittling us. Just get out of the way, Tim. This world no longer needs government control. Buzz off.
Medicare for All, Senator. That's your biggest message in 2018. If you care about winning that is.
Finally a party that represents my ideals! #PapaJohns2018
Jesus. Bye bye 2018
How ordinary. We're #NotThatSimple.
Holy shit, you took the garbage slogan from THIS? A piece about appealing to the mythological demo every bill is aimed at?
How about "Medicare for all!" Or "We support student debt forgiveness!"
Please come up with a better slogan.
Ever think of talking with your target customer long before you float out your slogan? That's awful and will fail.
Leave off the skills part. "Better jobs. Better wages. Better Healthcare."
Dem does have a message: More taxes, more regulation and more government.

How exciting.  Think I'll take a nap
Taking advice from this nut-bar. I love it.
#PedoPodesta #PizzaGate 
just ANY kind of message would do
But the Republican message is the Right one!!
Talk to the middle class? Why start now? Democrats talk to the middle class thru government programs but never speak directly to them.
That kid must've got his balls from his mother's side.
Your party has failed to do that! Your party cares more about illegal immigrants and their rights opposed to us hard working tax payers!!!!
It's a disgrace that our European Allies are no longer trusting us!
If the party was truly forward thinking and about the people, shouldn't messaging come natural?
I'm a democrat because it is the party of the middle class working man. The party leaders HAVE to remember who their base is.
How about a $20 minimum wage, a thirty hour work week and mandatory three week vacation no matter the job? The European model 
Getting rid of pseudo-Democrats like you will help our economy IMMENSLY.
Actually saying something intelligent.  Working people resent our money taken and given to freeloaders using foodstamps to buy steaks.
Democrats are the party of the misfit toys.  Middle clas has been hammered under democratic rule.

Time to tell Americans the truth Train for the jobs that are available, stop dreaming of the good old days and stop voting for repubs
Especially after you have ignored them for decades.
Hilarious as half of the tone deaf ticket that wrote off that group in an awkward atmp to out flank a socialist to appeal to the fringe...
Thank you! This message should resonate esp. in light of proposed health care & WH FY 18 budget that decimates education & the poor.
Sen. Kaine, 4 the most part the message was clear during campaign, but voters kept reading FALSEbook & got distracted 
You have no message for middle America, pandering to no income and wealthy only
And all this should be the obligation of the Federal Government to provide? !
Democrats need to appeal to real working Americans rather than Wall St. Cut the "jobs" bs and do something real. Fake just like Republicans
We need a Job Guarantee.
Strong economy = more stuff. A fair share of less stuff would benefit the majority.
I think you are a smart man but the middle class needs to become more concerned with people and less with things.
 The Dems need to stop screwing the middle class! Enslaved them with their wasteful spending!
That's it in a nutshell. Now let's do it! Gotta vote more Dems in.
8 years later......
Yes, Senator Kaine. On point with one edit. Not a "message" but a PLAN.
Does anyone even know what "middle class" even means anymore. Who is "middle class" and (more importantly who isn't), is there a test/quiz?
Middle class pays the majority of taxes if you get a refund during tax time chances are you're not middle class
That all starts with EDUCATION. Not just for the privileged few.
Dems need to ditch the concept of "middle class" and focus on the needs of actual real people, all people, not just an inspirational ideal.
Quit screwing around with Russia and help the country....then you'll get votes
Better President
@timkaine while I align with DNC platforms and values, I can't align with the DNC. They are so distant and unreachable.
we're waiting. We're waiting for wages to increase, tax breaks THIS direction other than only the wealthiest and Corp.We're waiting for HC!!
There is no middle class anymore. just the working class. democrats need to talk to the working class.
And please candidates, don't ask for money ask for time. Ask us to vote in every election. Hold town halls. Get rid of lobbyists
Don't forget the working poor!
Now you're starting to get it. Must have been that last election.
And the gripes of the taxes that are stuck on us!  I am democrat and I want a #FAIRTAX
Heck yes sir!! Please run in 2020!!
Yes!!
Unfortunately all the DEMs want to do is riot obstruct and control. It's sad really, the party used to mean something.
Generalize much?
You had to be from South Carolina. Home of the dumbass.
Thats right. We need to overshadow the false hope messages from the GOP. They are loud with there lies. The bait and switch masters.
No Platitudes. Time to make the differences between parties stark! GOP wants to take away benefits, healthcare, ruin environ. Dems don't!
LIE
Here's some more truth. Trump illegally uses money to fund propaganda! https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/team-trump-used-obamacare-money-to-run-ads-against-it/ar-AAotN6G?li=BBnb7Kz&ocid=UE13DHP …
Quit banning things and micromanaging our lives. We aren't children
