thanks to trump for creating this environment of hate.  My grandson attends one of those centers.
Looks like terrorists to me. All they are missing is the white squiggly shit on their flags. Where the hell is homeland security?
you're a joke dude. Take your Jesuit mission rant and direct it at that hippy criminal you call a son
these are going on across the country, in virtually every state, for the past month. How could it not be organized anti-semitism?!
Anti semitism?
What is being done to identify the person/s behind them, sir? The silence from Trump & Sessions is deafening.
try being one of five Jewish families in King William County. It keeps life interesting.
Put trumps white NAZI'S in the ground then. Put the big nazi 
Leader next
Yes! Someone must push back against #45 who thinks Jews are doing this themselves. Stand Strong!
so glad you are not our Vice President
a Virginian spoke re her personal exp @markwarner #resisttrumptuesdays event. Deplorable!
- good.  as long as israel keeps the palestinians in the gaza ghetto jews deserve the terror.  btw, muslim are semites.
Jewish temple SHOT in Evansville Indiana
How about your terrorist son who attacked a government capital building and Americans with explosives and chemical weapons?
@EbcesMuiFoHp1i2 Racism appeared with The so called Presidentand will be back at the sewage whendisappeared
islamophobs are in the white house to.
and it came from one of your supporters
@msholmes2U
https://plus.google.com/+AdreanaLangstonCAL/posts/55JxibUYmKN … Excellent break down of Trumps lame response to threats against #JewishCommunityCenters @yonatanzunger
thanks sir but dems have to get tougher with potus demand special prosec
shouldn't we include anti-Muslims it's not threats but actual attacks and fires and killing
MAKE SOME NOISE HAVEN'T HEARD MUCH FROM THE DEMOCRATS WHY NOT?
what's Sessions doing about it????? What's POTUS doing about it?  They should have a press conference immediately!!!!
I saw you stand and clap for that man. STOP grow a spine. Democrats - it's time to grow a spine.
Yes and Trump blamed the Jewish community. It's asinine. He needs to speak out against violence in America by Americans.
It's gone beyond thoughts, so let's use our words: 

"rampant (probably white supremacist) intimidation, threats and violence."
one would think that Jared & Ivanka would being making headlines doing just that, they've turned into the cricket gallery
she stood by her dad's sexist, racist, and horrible statements during the campaign - not surprised at all!
JK you notice she never wears a wedding band or carries her husband's last name? Seems really icky weird creepy.
that's weird about the band.  I get the last name bcs it's all about the "brand" & she won't give that up. Yuck
what where you expecting after trump's incendiary politics
so is USA made up of racists in hiding?  This is so sad?
you should have been our VP 
Where is comrade Trump what does he have to say about all this
As with everything else-it's the Russians. POTUS is the best friend of Israel and the Jewish people according to the PM of Israel
you're part of the problem, not the solution. Pig.
What can we do? I feel so helpless.
@POTUS spreads hate and normalizes this disgusting behavior. Dark times for the US  until he is removed. #BlackoutTrump
no to Republican agendas!!!!!!
You bet we should but somehow it just never seems to happen.
Thank you. We must stand strong against the bullies in the GOP and WH who are fueling this hatred.
Tim, Pass that word to WH Team , especially Bannon, Reince & Miller collectively, they set the agenda for WH.
Schools in Gorham, Maine in lock down yesterday (man w/gun) & again today for a bomb threat!!!
tell that to your progressive buddies who are calling them in.
@realDonaldTrump Trump continues with: well I give you Ivanka and Jared. Their Jewish so nobody loves the Jews like Trump
this is domestic terrorism. We need to start calling it that.
and the POTUS is quiet...
the antisemite groups like Muslims And black lives matter voted for Obama and you!
omg awful
disgusting and terrible
with all due respect. We need more than a tweet at this time. Be bold. Be fearless. We will support you.
I seem to recall a certain Democrat abstaining from a vote against Isreal. Democrats are the epotimie of anti semites.
your party started well by not electing Ellison head of the DNC
Unlawful Cuck, you support Israel, nuclear nation which did not sign the Nonproliferation Agreement.
Trump of course is saying nothing Shame on Ivanka your Jewish Your just like your dad You are not for the people
@finneyk. The wiggers are riled up.  Hail trump. Your mob is riled up.
Tell your owner @georgesoros to back off on the #AmericanHolocaustOperations
Cute, Senator. Still pretending you're one of us? You have 24 hours. #impeach. Or face the People. That's an order. #TheResistance
@RobWittman mr. Wittman, this is what leadership looks like. Your constituents suggest you try it from time to time.
@Dshaq96Dshaq terrorism in our backyard...
@Eamon0303 we need to STAND UP for ALL INJUSTICE!  If u r silent on 1 issue bc it impacts your endorsements; you loose INTEGRITY
very true
Just don't expect any help from @GOP or @realDonaldTrump This kind of thing is what they want, civil unrest
thanks 4 speaking out against hate & antisemitism senator. Shouldnt our mostly silent potus also make a statement to help heal us?
Thanks Senator for this information!
you are truly valued and respected
.@timkaine To be expected when deplorable, old fascists occupy our People's House  #TheResistance
Chump silent bc he may well KNOW who is behind all this! Another smokescreen to detract from something else... 
Thank you
absolutely
Well We need to stand against the anti semites in the White house
what has your country unleashed with this last election
where is the federal govt? National problem. Need so much more attention
Someone needs to tell our president that HE needs to say something and not just rely on his press secretary.
you might want to have a word in private with your boy Soros regarding this matter.
And don't forget the Indian shot in Kansas. Lack of media, government concern about this alarming.
yes, stand strong AND make clear that the normalization of hatred being propagated by the administration is to blame! SPEAK OUT
@ShaunKing We must stand strong against ALL RACISM! Not just anti-Semitism.
We also need a strong stand against domestic terrorism & make no mistake, this is domestic terrorism, incl anti Muslim hate crimes
@ShaunKing the rhetoric from bannon and trump are the root of this.  Stop voting for his cabinet picks!  We see you!  #bluedog
if @realDonaldTrump isn't going to stand up to this hate, can't at least all members of Congress release a joint statement?
I thought I fixed that already, they do realize that color dose not matter anymore, don't they?
Don't use these events for a convenient distraction senator-Your yea vote yesterday for commerce secratary is a disgrace!
Thank you Senator Kaine
@ShaunKing why aren't republicans denouncing these ?
Who's is finding terrorist ?
a sad commentary on the trump agenda
Antisemitism on the rise because Trump relaxed the law against these people giving permission to desecrate cemeteries and kill
@jesscobedo oh...lord...it makes me remember Mavin Gaye screaming "what's goin' on?"....now we probably gotta bring it back.
Right now you also need to scream at the top of your lungs about the potential of creating a war machine by @POTUS
thank you for your public stand against hate
...wouldn't it be "nice" if the POTUS could speak to condemn hate crimes instead of silently condoning acts of racial intolerance?
@LEFTisRIGHTeous 
I hope the retired Jews in Florida didn't vote for the racist .@GOP thereby causing this.
This is horrifying. DJT put this genie back in the bottle. These are the real 'bad hombres': hate, division, discord.
Not here not now Never Again Stand with Jewish Community!
@ShaunKing Reports are saying these seem to be coordinated attacks w/calls coming in from overseas...#Russia perhaps? #investigate
JCCs didn't donate to GOP PACs so administration doesn't care. Republicans only care about you if you're a big donor. Or Russian.
What a powerful statement.....
Now go back to sleep.
tell that to Donnie.
and against the fascists who embolden them
@WomenG4Hillary this guy in office not even two months, hate has gone up so dramatically, hope it don't become worse!!!
Yea but we should stop comparing Trump to Hitler....right? 
His supporters a despicable, ugh!!
Then why didnt Obama support Israel?
a statement by @potus would be a good start.
Thank you.
Bannon's rise to power in the WH has emboldened ppl carrying out Hate Crimes. Why hasn't the FBI been able to track them down...
Bannon's team is behind this to push the theory that there are "bad hombres" in the US and we should be afraid
maybe the vice chair of the DNC can help!
.@timkaine lead by example then. you haven't stood strong against a damn thing. stop voting unqualified, ignorant, hateful people into power
Why didn't you stand strong when Obama was stabbing Israel in the back? Don't talk the talk when you did not walk the walk.
yes not 1 word from trump to try to stop the hateful action of these idiots not 1 word
pretty sure Spicer condemned it all yesterday... But hey whatever right!
yes we must. @Scotttaylorva what say you?
If only there was a President up there who would lead by example and denounce this hatred in no uncertain terms.
Many Germans during Hitler rise knew  extermination of Jews wrong, but did nothing. Confront those espousing antisemitism & hate.
We need to get white supremacists out of the Republican administration, incl Bannon, Miller, Sessions, & so-called POTUS
He couldn't stand strong because he doesn't have it in him.Never has a continuous train of thought and it shows.Scary.
#THERESISTANCE STANDS TALL!
thank you
This is my former #jcc classroom.  This must stop! #jccbombthreats https://twitter.com/jodisumot/status/836568406312828928/photo/1pic.twitter.com/pzhkgNYETH 
dark times. our nation is at war with itself. Can DJT win this war? doubt it
Why won't @POTUS say something! These are his wing nuts,  he should shut them down.
yes.  Trumps new Hateful America is biting Republicans in the ass
Obama activist. Obama is obviously anti-Israel. Trump's grandchildren are Jewish and he loves Israel.
So Senator, saying we must stand strong is different than actually DOING something. What's the plan to stop this outrage?
keep voting in all trumps appointees. Check out Ross! Made biz deals in Russia for trump. Thanks tim!
they're just trying to fix what you and the Democrats and Obama have done we're still reeling from The hypocrisy
- Maybe we could begin by not voting another ill-prepared cabinet member into office.
We need leaders to  make impactful statements against crimes that are driven by hate. Simple statements won't suffice.
we also need the FBI to start investigating hate crimes and groups like they used to.
Just wait till @realDonaldTrump budget comes out cutting funding/protections to religious institutions.
That's why we must get rid of the undesirables in America the soonest possible. They will burn America before we know it.Why wait?
probably CIA
Isn't it time for FBI to have hate crime task force?
I agree. Too bad day @potus does not
figured you might want to watch this...
This is Trump bringing us together!
Doesn't bloein people up rear em apart???
Democrats, I am sure of it, they're so tolerant these days..
