Wish we had someone from Texas standing up for us, but no, we are a backwards red state.
Thank you Senator Tim Kaine.
As always, thank you!
its gonna hurt all who really need it
Good. It's actually nap time.
Of course it will... regardless of whether it actually will or not. Constantly #cryingwolf. #obstructionist #politicalhack #HealthcareBill
If ACA is so good, why are insurers fleeing the program?
No, it won't, only a very small percentage.
Thank you for speaking up for us Virginians whose lives, and those of our families, depend on quality, affordable healthcare. #Fight
Just say that Obamacare needs to be repealed and restrictions of health insurance companies to sell in any state should be removed. Oh, wait
Really? I read that VA opted out of the Medicare expansion per ObamaCare. Please explain how #HealthcareBill will hurt Virginians.
I called my Senator but unfortunately he's 1 of the dumb GOP that's part of the stupid plan Cory Gardner moron #resistance2020demstakeover
Please keep fighting this Senator Kaine!!!
Obamacare was built on lies, is mostly expanded Medicaid, and criminalized healthcare enrollment.
well listen very close we do not want another Obama care screw up I need coverage that my doctor will take ok
Thank you. I'm grateful for the work of my Virginia senators. #HealthcareBill
Other than obstructing and whining, where is your plan to fix Obamacare?
That is his plan in a nut shell..
$1400 per month premium. $10,000 deductible. Pretty much hurt since ACA was implemented! If it was so great, why was congress not on it?????
Yell holler scream HELP
Thank You!
You & Senator Warner must stay in this fight-it is a worthy one that could mean life or death for Virginians. This is America-Lord help us.
This man is Chronic liar.  as a Virginian I say he is a liar
https://twitter.com/moekamerow/status/877953331338985473 …
Thank you, @timkaine, for your work and dedication!
Thank You Sir.
And we need to be forceful in opposing this, and make sure that the people who are affected vote!
Only democraps and you all lost
My husband and I appreciate your NO vote on the #TrumpDeathCare bill, Senator Kaine!
Stop pontificating and start working together. The only reason the Reps are working to fix it is because the Dems screwed it up originally.
Tim Kaine as @VP would have hurt everyone and everythinf
Thanks for speaking for Virginians! We need ACA, Medicaid; we need decent, caring leaders to represent us. GOP is despicable.
Thank you sir....for standing up for Vets like myself, the middle class and those less fortunate.
@SenTedCruz and @JohnCornyn should take some lessons from you! #WorseCare #VoteNoAHCA
We need your help, Tim!
Health care stocks are up today!'
Throw in the fact that Donald Trump wastes millions of dollars on campaigning and weekend golf golf that could fund Medicaid for years.
Congress is failing america.
IT HURTS EVERY AMERICAN. Stop selfishness. Fight for the COUNTRY
Again, God Speed! Blessings to you for fighting 4 people who lack resources to buy lobbyists. U know those pesky 98%.that need healthcare.
Wow, hyperbolic overload on these replies.  This bill is 95% the same as Obamacare, we're just re-arranging deck chairs on the Titanic.
Thank you for speaking out on my behalf - one of your constituents
W H E R E     I S    Y O U R     P L A N   ?
Lies and more lies everyday
Please speak facts, and not paranoid claims

Thank you for representing your constituents.
Get 'em Tim!!!!
Bullshit. Cons had over 100 amendments you fool.
Thank you Senator! So glad you represent me and my family
Fight for her and kids like her. Go Senator Kaine, go!
Send this bill to the burner.
I wish you folks would quit calling a 'healthcare' bill. It's a tax plan for the richest Americans at the cost of our lives.
Good
Your oratory skills during the campaign were not impressive...
I'm in Virginia and I want Obamacare to go away. And I want you to help make it go away pass this new bill
Please encourage your fellow Senators in the Republican Party to vote against & decry this travesty as well. Thank you!!!
Go get 'em!! A fight for VA is a fight for all of us
Get'em Senator Kaine! Do Virginia proud! Too bad @Scotttaylorva @RepScottTaylor likes crappy #TrumpCare #TrumpRussia
Do Not Stop Fighting until this nightmare bill is history!
Did Hillary tell you to fight it even if you have not read it?
Speak strongly, Mr. Vice President!
You know he lost, right?
