When my wife lost her job unexpectedly last year, we didn’t have to scramble for new care, because we were already on an Exchange plan.
She took the opportunity to start a new business, and now helps other small businesses communicate online and strengthen their practices.
The reason we wanted the flexibility of the exchange at all was that I have my own business, helping business throughout DC/VA/MD w/ tech.
So here we are, two business owners, both of us running small practices, both of us unable to to qualify for group plans.
And so we’re busting our buns to  build our businesses to the point where they can grow and flourish and we can hire more bodies…
but we can’t do that without good health insurance. In 2006, I looked at solo insurance in VA. $500/mo and a $10k deductible was offered.
Why’s that? Because I’m overweight. Not like crazy overweight, but I could stand to lose 50lbs. So instead, we got married. Easier. Better.
The ACA has allowed me to continue to build my business, and we’re well on our way to $1M/yr in revenue. And now I can afford insurance.
My wife and I don’t live in Virginia, we live in the District of Columbia, but I hope you’ll still share my story: 1/
We don’t get representation in tomorrow’s vote. But here’s my story on why the ACA should stay the law of the land.
My wife and I don’t live in Virginia, we live in the District of Columbia, but I hope you’ll still share my story: 1/
I think something with the tweet threading is off
Twitter be like ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Probably because you have no clue as to how to put forth a good plan. Maybe you should just focus on keeping your Antifa son out of prison.
Thank you, @timkaine.  Good to know that some Reps. Actually represent their constituents not just their party.
They. Don't. Care. About. People's. Stories. But good luck with that. You're a good guy, but these people don't have souls.
Revoke sex reassignment benefit 4 military. O's admtn gave soldiers free sex changes & taxpayer pays.  We need battle ready, not legs in air
Free want everything free.
Who's asking for free stuff? Let me guess you're a Fake Christian?
I am glad you picked up on undertone. 
You are absolutely correct nothing is free.
Drug co's are running our congress.  Fine them 300Billion for obscene opioid profits.  They knew from sales spike, epidemic was happening.
Does the sex reassignment benefit for military cover mastectomies & breast augmentation?  Adam's apple removal? Psychoanalysis & hormones?
And their policies will see a 42% increase in 2018  MEDICAID in va upon your death will confiscate your property to repay for services
You are going to do what liberals do You have no intentions of being part of the solution We are sick of it!
Look Med Mod Act under Wikipedia & history.  Read how congress let Drug Industry name one price 4 drugs & medicare had 2 negotiate w/indsty
Lobbyists resisted the medical device tax during AHC.  They have again come under fire and lobbyist win, taxpayer loses.  Tax their devices!
Drug industry sells controlled substances.  When the opioids were out of control, they shld have taken action, not soak up bigger profits.
Even though you voted against debating healthcare?
Did u take a random sample or did u bias the results?
We missed you in Berryville yesterday, but we're pleased to welcome your colleagues!
Speak directly to Ben Johnson, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Dan Heller, Mike Lee, Rand Paul, even John McCain-they are the swing votes!
Collins and Murkowski are thought to B NO's! Collins is a definite NO!
If the ACA is so great..... WHY DID YOU EXEMPT CONGRESS AND THEIR FAMILIES?
President Trump is right, who makes these bad deals?  NAFTA, Trans Pacific & Paris Accord, all bad deals.  Are they crooked or stupid?
Crooked, for sure, nobody is that stupid
My daughter has a FT job that offered an expensive bad  plan. Both are happy to be on Obama Care now! 2/2
Then let Virginia pay for it!
It's no coincidence, HC is so expensive. Health industry has more lobbyists than any other. Pay congress to pass favorable bills, & it works
Opioid epidemic will cost HC 45B.  Punish drug industry, they sold enough opioids to medicate "every" American for 3wks around the clock.
Revoke this ridiculous "benefit" for military sex reassignment.  What an oxymoron.  O wanted to degrade military, & he has!
Sex reassignment surgery 4 soldiers is the kind of idiocy Dems slip into the bills. Expensive & debilitating.  Where do we draw the line?
Medical device tax is reasonable.  Everybody pays tax on their sales except them.  Medical lobbyist have our congress in their pocket.
And millions more medical devices used/sold due to more insured.
Good Senator Kaine, I don't think the GOP or Trump actually care about any of the citizens' health. They care nothing about any of us.
Congress isn't currently exempt from ACA. Can read here or search and verify other sites.
http://www.factcheck.org/2009/08/health-care-for-members-of-congress/ …
My 26 year old twins were forced off my healthcare, making no sense because they round out the pool being young & healthy. 1/2
Thanks Senator - @ish you was part of the White House
Here's a solution. Eliminate insurance and give zero interest loans to be repayed at 10% max of someone's disposable income. No more profit!
Why don't you give us YOUR PLAN to cover everyone affordably and effectively instead of just feeling sorry for people. How's THAT help?
When congress gave a monopoly to Drug Industry, the vote was 212 to 218. Half of congress knew it was a bad deal for taxpayers, but passed.
2003, congress "fixed" Medicare with Med Modernization Act.  Congress gave drug industry a monopoly against Medicare & donut hole was born!
Where in the constitution does it state I have to pay for other people's health care?

I hope you share how a premium is $1500 a month with $12,600 deductible and you are fighting to give insurance companies more tax dollars!!
These crooks give away our tax money and then pretend to have our best interest after the damage is done.  Vote Dems out in 2018, unite us!
And EDUCATION!!!!
Cuando habla de Commonwealth habla de Virginia, no del ELA.
Si lo se
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Tell it like it is, @timkaine!
23 Million Americans are counting on U to protect healthcare and 100% of Americans need U to protect 1/6th of the economy
Why don't YOU use O'care? Then you can tell me how I should feel about it. .
@timkaine Thank you! Without coverage, thousands of VA residents lose coverage for mental health. This is unacceptable
I want you to stop messing it up and I vote
#ThatsPresidential #ImStillWithHerAndHim
Plz tell the Senate NOT to do stupid stuff!
Liar!
Are you going to talk about how you totally screwed us from ever getting affordable health insurance again? That would be my first story.
Repeal ObamaCare and protect the People!
Work for the People, not the Socialist agenda! We don't need Gov in Health Ins.
AND then repeal obamacare right. All the stories of this failed government intervention
We want repeal and replace! No more O'care! Get it straight & do your job & actually represent We the People. #RepealAndReplace #VoteYes
Be sure to include stories from people who had good healthcare but lost it to #Obamacare.
Wow- that will be "engaging" .
You dont care about fixing the heath care that you Democrats  started this mess!!
Didn't have health insurance for 25 years thanks to Aca I now have it please don't take it away
Here is our reality in Delaware
It's time to move towards #universalhealthcare. Even with employee insurance, it's 3x more expensive here than what we were paying in CA.
Please do not take healthcare away from my children and Mother. We are real people sir. Your family knows us. We aren't just a statistic.
Tell the story @timkaine of how my daughter COULD NOT keep her doctor. Tell everyone that her doctor appts cost $150.00. AHC=lies.
When you @timkaine and the Mrs. and the rest of gub'ment sign up for the AHC then maybe you can talk.
No, Virginians want what they were promised, more affordable health care.
Thank you for standing up for Virginia, Senator Kaine!
Medicare for all fucknut
Thanks for all you do for Virginia.  I know we are in good hands with you, @timkaine .
Then you need to vote to repeal that nightmare called #Obamacare
I love #Obamacare
floresagesse229@gmail.com
"Disinformation" aka liar    @timkaine
#VoteNoBCRA
I offer loans ranging from € 5,000 to € 1,260,000 with a well-designed guarantee and interest is 3% regardless of the amount requested.
Please share the many lives that #ACA has saved mine included without healthcare many of us would have died. #SaveACA
If you need someone to speak on behalf of #Obamacare and how it has affected my life. I'm all in. I am SO thankful to have my insurance.
all or just cherry picked?  what about the many that as a result of aca now cannog afford insurance
Will u talk about how much more ppl pay for affordable healthcare?
Thank you for pushing to #SaveACA Afterward, please push to #impeach & to revoke security clearance of all w/deep ties to Russia/Putin.
Just take a seat sewer man
YOU got their voice Tim.  Make them proud as you always HAVE.
Thank you!
You can't shame or guilt Republicans they want poor, disabled and poor elderly dead they consider us a waste of resources
America wants you to protect our care. That means ending special interest troughs ( Ins companies, drug companies, med providers) #repealACA
Save our health care! We are counting on a bipartisan bill that is even better FOR ALL!
How come Dems never talk about cost?  #budgetbusters
Thank you.
What a man of action...no more stories do more
I hope GOP members understand that every vote to take away citizen protections destroys their own chances for reelection. We're not playing.
What's the point of having healthcare that can not be use,
Yea... I'm sure ALL Virginians want you to protect the crappy #aca. #obstructionist #Healthcare #trainwreck #demgift #thatkeepsongiving
Please keep fighting for us, Senator!
Please keep it going Tim!! Reach out to any sensible Repub. and work for compromises!!
I work in mental health. My clients are psychotic, drug addicted, unable to care 4 their basic needs. They depend on ACA.
We have been able 2 get many of them into inpatient drug treatment and gotten them on the meds they need to be at "baseline"
Without the ACA a lot of them will end up off their meds and wandering the streets.
My sons dad needed heart surgery before the ACA came 2 be. He kept being denied Medicaid because he didn't "quality"
Thank you for working for the People.
and my wife has cystic fibrosis !!! Under his health plan she would probably die !!!
Its already hard enough to get help for Autism ... that orange idiot would make my son , and my families life excruciatingly difficult !!!
Thank you for all you do.
And why didn't YOU stand up election night? We knew there was a coup after Florida. And u did 0 to object to EC. U gave our Gov to Koch-Rus
NOIZE
Rather than doing that-which changes nothing-why aren't you going after Mitch for violating all senate norms. U guys seem toothless
Thank you @timkaine !!! So grateful!!
You only choose to hear the Virginians who agree with you.
May God help you about that!
Thank you Senator!
You suck Tim. Love, Virginia
Hey Tim I'll bet tonite you will tell us about your plan...No? I didn't think so. Just keep complaining that will fix it
Saw some of it. Thanks for always being there for us.
You want to protect welfare only.  Only 7% of Americans are on Obamacare. Good for them, I support it, but let the rest of go!!!
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Gonna say anything about @POTUS getting 40k @boyscouts to boo @POTUS44? I hope so. @potus just taught those kids it is ok to hate.
Can't wait until #46 comes around to talk about #45.... gonna be a whopper of a time!
Hoping #46 will be a Den. & therefore more civilized &  statesmanlike.
Remind Sen McCain that a yes vote will cause people with the same disease as him to lose their healthcare and unable to seek treatment.
Keep up the good work!! Thanks!!!
Thank you Senator!
What's in the bill that will affect ur care?
Thanks, Senator.
WTF is going on?
The loyal #birther #Republicans want to repeal #Obamacare because of hatred of #Obama.
Tim try crying like Chuck. Is your son still in prison?
OUTRAGED that as Trump's openly attempts to OBSTRUCT JUSTICE that @SenateMajLdr wants 2 vote on how 2 kill people 4 tax cuts 4 wealthy.
There is always hope! Thank you, Senator! Your words were eloquent and straight from the heart. Why is compassion so lacking by @SenMajLdr 

Thank you!
Thank you @timkaine for looking out for us, we need more people like you in the Senate
You guy's are so desperate to brainwash because you know you screwed up healthcare so bad and a new bill will show everyone how bad.
Those stories don't speak for everyone. They only speak to your agenda. Every story has two side, you hear only one.
GO TIM KAINE!!! Thank you for your hard work !!!!
Very proud of @timkaine's comittment.
Tonight I'll take to the Senate floor to share health care stories from across the Commonwealth. Virginians want us to protect their care!
Once again, please be fair. Healthcare and health insurance are two different issues. Having insurance doesn't guarantee healthcare.
That's false. You will be treated. You will not have a third party payer. But you can negotiate with your providers.
I never said you won't pay without insurance. Insurance and care are 2 separate things. Insurance also drives up the costs of primary care.
Cancer patient and son on the spectrum.  What happens if I no longer have insurance thru work?
Thank you for your excellent work!
Thank you.  ACA needs some repairs which is understandable. MEDICARE took a while to be excepted. Try to take that away now.
Wish @SenCoryGardner cared about CO healthcare stories. Mom with cancer & daughter with multiple health issues need coverage.#ProtectOurCare
Thank you, Senator!
Nice job on the floor. That is coming from a republican. You should have ran instead of Hillary.
I wish you were our VP right now
1/ Medicaid for the disabled. I'm a teacher of 30 years plus mother of child with intellectual disability. If it weren't for my son's
2/Medicaid waiver I couldn't afford (at master degree level of pay) the minimum of his needs. Medicaid waiver services provide training &
3/Community involvement to help my son & others like him to achieve more self-sufficiency, saving the govt money in the long term. I fear
4/the most vulnerable citizens, who can't dont have the means to speak up for themselves (disabled, elderly) are going to be lost/forgotten
5/thank you for your efforts on our behalf!
Thank you for working for us.
Senator Kaine, do you have the votes to stop McConnell and whatever he's planning for tomorrow?


Thank you!
I'm a constituent of yours and I am asking you to repeal. Let the free market do it's job. You know the CBO numbers aren't real.
Sure tell some stories rather than working on a solution.
And how will you protect their care? Getting the rest of us to pay for thrmw?
Tell us your healthcare stories and how you and your cronies thought ACA was so great you opted out of it. That's right. Senate opted out.
Then also tell my story. We were told our health care costs would go down by $2,500 a year. Ours went up $7,500 per year.
The Rs are about to throw the rules away, hope you guys are fixing to fight dirty, the Republic is at risk
bf Ocare ind hlthcare 20yrs 1280/mo 10kded no coverage for my child w autism.Ocare made ins comp 2where they cldnt discriminate.
Thank you and keep up the important work.
Thank you!
Thank You Senator
Their care is failing! What then have you protected?
Well I have lived here all my life and I don't.
xoxoxoxoxo
Thank you, Senator!
TY, Tim.
Great, and if the Commonwealth wants to tax its taxpayers to pay for it, you can have all the free healthcare you can pay for.
Senate should be discussing which healthcare system controls #MedicalInflation best & delivers best care. #SinglePayer, #UniversalCare
I love Obama Care, you can tell them that , live in Menlo Park CA
And please remind the Republicans that the "trickle down theory" was a bust.
Health problems
John McCain will have insurance to help him fight his cancer while he takes Insurance away from millions how are we suppose to deal with our
Thank you Senator Kaine.
Thank you @timkaine  #SaveTheACA #SaveMedicaid #TrumpcareKills @LoveIndivisible
My husband and I have a (very) small business. We are both in our 50s. The ACA has been the best thing that government ever did for us.
Thank you Senator!
Keep up the good fight!  Thank you.
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Then let ur state do it

Thank you Sir
Thxs @timkaine I'm in Missouri.  @RoyBlunt will do whatever Trump/Gop wants. Thinking Missourians are too dumb! Even Russia has healthcare.
