I sure would not be proud of pp. Think of all the murdered babies.
Murdering babies is illegal. Aborting a fetus before it is viable is not. Words mean things.
Yeah, you have used words to convince yourself abortion isn't murder.
It's not. Are all abortions murder to you? What about life of the mother?
All abortions are murder, I can understand if mothers life is in danger.  But that isn't the case in most abortions.
There are hundreds of thousands of abortions in the U.S. every year. That's more death than from wars.
One of the babies aborted could have came up with a cure for cancer or any other diseases.
By the way, a baby born to a woman who doesn't want it ain't gonna grow up to cure cancer. Period.
@progresstweetz change the name to Planned Abortions - That would be more appropriate
abortions make up a small portion of their services. Get over it.
And Hillary is proud to stand with 3rd term abortions and the people who provide them
citation needed.
How are you so normal? WTG, normal Catholic! Only God can judge. Right, people? #PopeFrancis #ProChoiceCatholic
we're not to judge people but be are called to judge actions. Abortion is killing a human and is wrong
Hmmmmmm, sounds like judging to me! Judge not, lest ye be judged. 
so it's judging if I say killing in the womb is wrong, is it judging if I say it's wrong for someone to kill their 1 month old
Correct. It's not your business. If you are truly religious, it's up to God to decide their fate.
well I'm glad it's still illegal for people to kill their children outside the womb, crazy if you think that it's judging
You are not a Catholic if you believe that. Please stop calling yourself a Catholic.
Thank you for being a 'true' Christian.
Senator Tim Kaine sides with evil blood sacrifices of innocent blood by PP.
#Demoncrats
#Pizzagate
As a Catholic I thought you might want to stand with God & work to preserve life rather than support the dismemberment & killing of babies
He's a politician first, a liberal second and a Catholic third...maybe.
unlike you, we Catholics believe PP is an abomination that murders innocents #prolife
# you like killing babies, resign go away please
Maybe he likes cancer screening, primary care, and contraception to actually prevent pregnancy and support women.
they can get that at any County social service in USA, more hog wash.that is paid by tax payers also. PP is private bus
Have you tried going to a county service? They are understaffed and overworked. Access issue.
That is because of big government. Everything they touch turns to crap
Partly true. I don't see private organizations offering coverage at the scale the govt currently does.
Well why don't you do it yourself with your money,you do everything  free without taxpayers money
I already donate and pay taxes, so I am. And nothing is done without taxpayer support.
Who cares. You can stand on one foot for the rest of your life out you wish. We will NOT fund murders with OUR money anymore!
I thank the Lord you are Not the VP of the U S A!
@CupCakeQwn thank you Tim!
what a jerk. Baby murder supporter. You will answer to Peter and the gates. Why you supported murdering babies God sent to earth
You will be held accountable in just a few years
If I still call urself a catholic, you will have to defend ur support before God someday.  for you.
why is male birth control not covered
Gorsuch follows the written law. He doesn't make his own like you all do. Which is why rats don't want him. He won't be manupulatd
You know a true Catholic doesn't support any form of unborn baby slaughter. Better ask Jesus to forgive your soul.
proud of what..?
Services..? All they do is abortions. And sale of organs..Democrats are against the USA.
their legal protections for pets in abusive households. 2/2
I'm a constituent & I hope you support The PAWS Act S.322, which establishes national policy as well as encourages states to expand 1/2
Thank you, Tim.
You sir are a biig goof and my prayers were answered when hillary lost preventing you from being VP.
I wish you would attend mass and let the truth overwhelm you. Praying for you...and the millions of babies Pp kill every year.
Yes, PP, the Adolf Eichmann of women's health.
You may win votes Senator, but none of that will mean a damn thing when you stand in front of God.
you are deplorable and not a Catholic, it doesn't matter how much you "act" Catholic you are a wolf in sheeps clothing.
An obvious and despicable lie.  I'm soooo glad you are NOT our VP.
YOU are NO Catholic, sir. Disgusting.
You're standing for Abortions you are no Catholic!!
have you stopped calling yourself a Catholic/Christian yet?
Huffington Post just did an article about Rebecca Mercer via Citizens United financing Trump&bringingSteve Bannon&Kelly Ann Conway
What Catholic doctrine supports this?
@GOP @PPact @PPAdvocacyMA  I was 19  just 50 yrs ago;my peers knew no more about their internal bodies than I. Thank God for PP
thank you
Thank you for your support of PP & for all you do to deal with the Trump craziness. Trump & friends are clearly traitors!
To Impeach Trump or know more about the STP please email me at Red240zeeeguy@aol.com or supremedom4subfem@gmail.com
Have you stopped beating your wife?
Will you filibuster Gorsuch? Esp considering historic hobby lobby stance. & spearate subject but torture.
you're a lying failed VP candidate, and an embarrassment to the great state of VA
You are a traitor to your faith.
wcg50 like abortion, that's not health care so why should I pay for it , Loser
Me too, Tim!
I'm proud to stand with God & the children He has created in their mother's womb.
Islam believers say they are going to take our country,it sure will  e easy if there isn't nobody here,be a use of all these murde
If PP defunded,enact legislation requiring same services at same cost from government healthcare providers used by Congress.
You should be publicly excommunicated.
How much money do you get from PP.
And your point is...... Besides screwing hard working American taxpayers?
I stand with the 50+ million lives that have been snuffed out before they had a chance to begin
What about the millions who have lost their lives?
abortion is murder. You need to reflect on what you back.
#FakeCatholic
Puke! Go cheat on your wife some more, oh, wait, SHE'S the one that wanted an open marriage...Yeah, THAT makes PERFECT sense!
what they can't keep their Dr under ACA
So you too are sexually aroused by executing children just like @PPact ?
If any entity is exempt from taxes or benefits from #Taxpayer $$ then law shld exclude them all from politics. Like churches!
Eexplain why non-partisan #taxpayer $$ is going towards politics?! #DefundPP
You took $$ from #PlannedParenthood. This disqualifies you according to @TheDemocrats @DNC rules now. Conflict of interest!
you're fine with 300,000+ dead people a year then?
NO reason for #taxpayer $ to go to @PPact! Especially when they use that $$ to fund political campaigns!! #DefundPP!
How 'bout u support 1,000's of clinics already free/low-cost paid 4 by #taxpayers offering MORE services?! https://findahealthcenter.hrsa.gov/ 
YOU ARE NOT CATHOLIC! You can't be #Catholic & support the murder of babies inside/outside the womb! Repent & beg for God's mercy!
but will you be proud on judgement day? Catechesis 101 Thou Shall Not Kill
thank you for being a good ally to women, Senator!
ba y killer
@laureldavilacpa Thank you, Senator.
oh, shut up - you are the reason Hillary lost.
That's great, maybe don't vote Gorsuch into the Supreme Court.
pinkout yuck that describes a dismembered,brain sucked out aborted baby
pp does good work right up to the point their killing baby's and using the parts for cash sale.fair to say their sick hey.
Stand with PP? Did you forget the "T" in front of it?
2.5 million on PP, 24 million on ACA, which I pay for. Let's say 1k per yr that's 26,500,000,000.00 hmm cut it,give it to the vets
Could you be any more insipid?
Thanks @timkaine!
We need leaders who do more than "stand", for 20+ yrs @DNC ignored #PowellMemo #ALEC #VoterSuppression & more @freespeechtv
.@timkaine Hillary is a crook & you are a loony tune. Glad you are #NotmyVP !
abortion is not 'care' in addition to the 'services' which are mostly non existent #pplies
Thanks to PP inhale three healthy kids. You don't really know what they do.
Is your spoiled  kid out of jail yet?
Really? You're all about women killing their unborn? You're proud of this? Wow.
LIAR
fake news. Do some actual research.
and all the babies that never see the light of day because they are plucked and crushed to death
THANK YOU @timkaine !!!
you are awesome, Senator!
If abortion is 3% of PP, why not get rid of that small part to stop the risk of losing federal funding? #DefundPP
Disgusting.
you're a fraud and a hypocrite just like pos pp. your stance is nothing but one of political convenience.
Your proud of murdering babies and selling their body parts? Wow, hope God forgives you.
Hey @USCCB Take note of these so-called #Catholic pols disgracing the Church by supporting murderous orgs like #PP. Speak up now!
of course he does
Thank you
Wish we'd hear more from you!!
thank you!! my daughter in law works at Planned Parenthood, and she has told me of all the great work they do for women!
I guess you and your daughter call this great work
you're fuck in delusional. That doesn't happen. You're fake news anyway.
wake up
thank you.
repeal Hyde!
get them to change the name.  It's been demonized.  Re-brand and refresh
horrible father with a violent criminal for a son
Seriously? No charges filed. Even if they were, protesters are hardly "violent criminals". Don't get carried away
Hardly?  Lol
and point out that Planned Parenthood is reimbursed by Medicaid for services rendered (and not reimbursed for abortion)
Just curious and I really don't know the answer. If not for the Govt, how do poor women pay for abortions?
pp takes donations that go towards that ... Otherwise I don't know ...
Donations from who?
Thank you. You would have made an amazing VP!
he would have been a accomplice to baby killing.
Proud to be represented by you, Senator #StandWithPP
see you on the battlefield
they have no services except killing babies
How many abortions has your wife had ?
hillary shoulda picked bernie
#ManCard
