Does anyone realize that the more medical insurance costs, the less anyone can save for retirement or college for their kids? What then?
Exactly it will be as the housing crisis 2007/2008
Why is it that people don't realize that when the GOP are in control, we are the ones that have to pay for their greedy decisions?
@markie_marky8 Too bad ppl can't stop paying taxes and not buy insurance anymore
I believe Healthcare should be a right and support single payer
Yep -we pay for everything thing GOV does anyway. Seems they would listen to their sponsors...
ture
Sad. #GOP thinks avg. people want 2 live free (welfare) & ready to punish. Reality: Avg. folk work hard ..& struggle.
please help the American ppl that know better and deserve better!
@craftyme25 Get ready for every single piece of legislation being used as a carrier of tax cuts for the super wealthy
Shouldn't you be bailing you boy out and givin him a stern talking to?
more fraud and lies from a progressive hypocrite, what a fraud you've become
Tim!  You voted for the current disaster that has destroyed HC!  Now get to work and help fix it instead of your constant whining!
Health care should not be for profit...period. No reason why US can't have universal health care.
Since the top 10 % of wealthy pay 75% of the taxes, why not?
premiums on those with pre-existing conditions will be prohibitive.
You continue to share #FakeNews & unable to work with others to improve this plan, which is already far better than #ObamaCare.
Wow. How surprising. Business as usual for the @GOP.
please do NOT say t-care. You have already done enough damage.
He sees rich as his constituents and peers not the common person. Talks out one side of both sides of his mouth.
youre confusing presidents...obama did all the horse shit your saying..wrong president buddy! Get facts before you type and talk.
LMAO Average America pay more? We are paying alot more now then ever before. Nothing is free.
wow! A lot of libtard haters following Tim!  You only have yourselves to blame if you are not happy the the election results.
@iamfonda Please never run for office again! We need no more Democrat losses!!!
wrong but whatever
this makes me so damn mad!!!
this is the swamp at work.  Makes no sense to the average person. Thanks you for your hard work and dedication.
why call it Trumpcare? Why not something else ? The name only links it to POTUS not Reps - thinking midterms?
please get more Republicans to got NO on this repeal. Develop a better solution !!
@justdreamin91 #GOP only cares about tax cut for wealthy donors. Everything else is collateral damage. Sucks to be working class.
What the @GOP and @SpeakerRyan have come up with is #Wealthcare ... let's call it what it is.
@CEFan4Ever19 not sure I can pay much more...two 50 year olds paying $1,500 per mo private policy since employer does offer ins

@CEFan4Ever19 no surprise there.....
nope 
Hey less money for me to spend on American made goods....Make Merica great again...#Trumpcare
.
I think he has made this loud and clear while decimating safety concerns.
we expect you to Object sir. Please do.
can't wait to see the CBO report.  Might be a nonstarter
Please fight for us! This is horrible for those of us who need ACA!
We knew this was his plan all along.  Now we must fight&need you more than ever! Please keep fighting for the poor & middle class!
Well, average Americans have 2 cover increased cost of presidential security due 2 FL weekends & wife who won't live with him.
This is seriously screwed up! Please continue to fight for the little guy!
ELDER AND DISABLED WILL HAVE NO ACCESS UNAFFORDABLE
no way
I thought he was for the common man
your tax  at war', more than 53% of your tax payment goes to the military....#Obamacare  #Trumpcare
thank you our truevp! Our very great loss. I am glad ur on our side.
All democrats blame conservatives for ALL that they are guilty of. My taxes were NEVER higher than when Dems were in office.
We need to quit this us vs them. These poor people will be hitting you over the head when they are hungry
#Obamacare made us pay far more for far less health care. And you voted for it.
So he's not taking care of  average Joe like he promised? He's taking care of the banks, wall street, and his billionaire friends?
no way!
Please keep fighting for us!!
#ProtectOurCare #ACA #ACARepeal
Exactly!
if you cant convenience your constituents then lie to them and attempt to scare the hell out of them.Typical liberal bullsh!t
ffs, you meant, "convince". There's nothing convenient about this unless you're an insurance company.
my bad ur right "convince"good job
under the beautiful #TrumpCare the rich will be so healthy, it will trickle-down to everyone else. #Voodoo healthcare for all !
Sen Kaine. Plz get DJT under oath NOW about Obama tap claims. He needs to prove it w/credible evidence. If can't/won't, impeach.
you better fight hard Tim Kaine
So what else is new! The WHITE House will be led by a team of mostly privileged white men! I think that was the plan! 
Keep calling it that. Make him own it.
What IS that?  Why in the world would we NOT tax the richest CEOs who are making money off Healthcare while everyone else has rates rising?
Right-- lets just repeal it all.
no surprise there, just incredible sadness
you are very wealthy how is the Clinton fund doing now that she can't sell the country?
bye bye Obamacare!
deplorable!
Dont worry neither are the jobs! 
No more trickle down please
