Ryan did not rule out eventually passing skinny repeal, which would be allowed under the rules (I checked). https://www.axios.com/paul-ryan-says-house-is-willing-to-go-to-conference-2466388353.html …
Entitlement. Greed. They hold the belief that only individuals with earned means deserve healthcare, their insurance is a benefit, a perk.
Because they do not give 2 shits about the people voting them out
Does it cover dental?
Keep up the fight! Shedding light on the GOP's cold and heartless plan to destabilize healthcare and hurt our most vulnerable citizens!!
We will remember! Will you get @SenJohnMcCain to be a Maverick or just sit down?!
I guess the same way they voted for & stand behind a con-man setting himself up as dictator! They sold their souls for money power!
Don't let it happen!!
like Onamascare, you have not read it
They're crooks, obviously paid off. They should be held responsible for derelection of duty to their office.
Crook like hillary
It was the Democrats, McCain, Collins and Malkowsky(msp)
that are the HEROES!
They cant. They just cant....
My gosh Tim, get on board to repeal and create a new act that actually is good for our country
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis @LindseyGrahamSC @AARPadvocates Hopefully we're asking that of our Senators! #RepublicansAgainsTrump
Rhetorical question, right? Tim, it can't be true you don't know who owns McConnell. Especially given their press: http://amp.slate.com/articles/life/history/2017/06/james_mcgill_buchanan_s_terrifying_vision_of_society_is_the_intellectual.html …
How? Because it will kill poor people in order to give more money to the rich.
Wait for the impact. When Granny gets tossed out of nursing home because of no Medicaid... shameful!
Because the GOP could careless about the American people.
The same way you voted on the ACA Tim duh. You should be proud of our high priced high deductible gov forced plan #UGotNothing
No idea. Thanks to you and your staff for working late.
If it passes it should be called t rumpcare from this day forward trump is responsible for what happens to insurance
You are my Senator and you better not lose the next race!
How can they claim to care about us when they've ignored us?
@SpeakerRyan VOTE NO! 16 million could die..and you don't care! Shame on you! My taxes pay you..terrible !!
I'm with you!
Because trump paid them Russia $ 2 & they're just evil they'll be murdering my whole family
Stop the phony Catholic act Senator, u & your party are destroying this nation, bankrupting our kids & grandkids. Keep Govt out of HCare
They hate the bill but will pass it and tell the House not to pass it. Then the House will pass it. And they all will lose in 2018 bigley
The President is a nasty bully
Because they have no souls, as evidenced by... well, everything since 2008 at minimum
Same way you assholes(Democrats) voted Obamacare into law without even reading it
R need to know it will effect their insurance to so look out.its t rumpcare if it passes
Because they have no SOUL!
Same reason Dems voted on that failed disaster called Obamacare.

Dems need a platform other than bashing Reps or they'll keep losing.
Why don't you cronies put yourselves on Obamacare? You would wise up if you did. You're all blind!
just like democrats did when they destroyed health care in America. thanks alot
Thank you for your hard work. We are here, watching your struggle.
Pure pressure by Trump & it's disgraceful for the people that GOP is supposed to stand up for in all this mess.Don't drink the water at t WH
Keep fighting #resist
They DO NOT care about the people of this country - I hope they all get beat in 2018. Looks like it's back to no insurance for me.
Will McCain  keep his promise or was  it a ruse all along?  Right now I am thinking it was a ruse.
They're awful people, that's how.
Because they've lost their heart and compassion for the sanctity of American lives. They're no longer serving their constituents. Complicity
With no remorse
After Repubs destroy everything good and decent in this country will Americans finally realize what a mistake they made voting for them?
Please, Tim, talk some sense into some of the more sane ones!
Well they voted for a disaster of a President, so it's pretty easy to see how...
Because you guys let them get away EVERY SINGLE TIME!! From invasion of Iraq to deep resession to collusion. What happened?  nothing.
Because Ryan is okay with the "people will die" aspect, so long as he gets his way.  He's an unconscionable schmuck, as are the other GOPs.
Thank you for continuing to fight for all Americans.
The same you guys gave us the disaster called Obamacare.
People will die! Thank you for fighting for us!
You are MY Senator, so tell me what makes all those "representatives" are but a lot of bobbleheads trying to railroad us?? WHY??
Thank you Senator @timkaine for protecting the people of Virginia!

Cuz they font give a damn @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
They think about their next campaign & the smiling/frowning Koch Brothers. Then they do what is expedient. Get the oligarchs out of Congress
Thanks for NOT supporting the skinny bill. You're still a hero in Virginia, Tim!
What bill?  Who has even seen it?  Rigged game. They'll pass it like a football to House which will pass it as is. End run Touchdown
They don't care about anyone because they get their  healthcare. Let them live on my 8yr old cystic fibrosis son's Medicaid.
I agree,Senator!
Can you please talk to your @SenateGOP colleagues; appeal to their better judgement?
Time to #WorkTogether for #HealthCare!
They want to give the führer @realDonaldTrump a victory.
Foolish question. First, they aren't deciding, the Koch brothers are, second, they don't give a shit.
WHO CONTROL THE MEDIA? WALL ST !WHO GAVE SOMEONE 4 BILLION IN FREE ADVERTIS! ALL THE MEDIA !THIS FAKE MEDIA IS A STUNT! HE DOES NOT FOOL ME!
If it is such a great bill, why won't they extend it to themselves?
Because if they don't the whacko in the White House will fire or insult them
@caitlinnowens @axios @SpeakerRyan we haven't forgotten ryancare! Now u consider this?Shameful purposes kicking the poor in th gut
WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN THE FIRST 6 MONTHS CHOAS A DOMINO EFFECT ON WORLD MARKETS !THE TOP 1 WILL NOT LOSE! BECAUSE THEY CONTROL41% OF MARKETS!
Well there u go so much for govt of the people,by the people and for the people.GOVT for billionaires. Thanks Citizen's United. Kochs Rule:)
I'm thinking the real reason you and your cronies dont want Obamacare replaced is because your party profits from it. $ in pocket from fines
Pity
Bcs they don't care!  They want a bill any bill & who cares if 16 million don't have healthcare!
They hate poor people, like me. And I'm a single mother. They want me to rot in hell, basically.
For the answer, I'd like to point out the letters "GOP" in your tweet.
Because they are mentally ill and the American people have to suffer . They can find money for a f wall but not for their citizens shameful
No dem should vote for this. Let em own it. If they want to sink the ship. Let it go down with them at the wheel.Will give us lots of seats
#kochcare fear of being primaried
The end of Obamacare is near. Can't come soon enough.
Keep fighting for us @timkaine
Vote No!
My Lord boy go away. You lose you get nothing
THE MARKETS ARE FALSELY ELEVATED THEY ARE WAITING FOR A CATALYST TO HAPPEN! 26  MILLIONS. PEOPLE WITHOUT HEALTHCARE !WHAT IN THE FIRST,6 MO+
Because they don't care about the American people, they care about themselves and their party! #Cowards
Just as you and your Democrat Cronies voted to fine people for electing to invoke their freedom of choice and not take Obamacare
How indeed.
A skinny repeal is a weak senators way of doing their job without making a decision! Not good! Everyone is watching 
Hopefully, their Constituents will remember this  when the midterm elections occur.
The same way you voted yes on ACA without having a clue about what was in it.  At least there is an open debate on the Senate Floor.
Because they are honest to God monsters at this point.
Don't allow it step up men
Real tax payers demand so! We need a break from burdens of democratic leadership! MAGA!
No zombie bill passing!
Because we are weak.  Never apologize for doing the right thing!  They push, we push back
Because they're vengeful, sadistic, pieces of garbage.
ONCE YOU STEEL !YOU WILL ALWAYS STEEL FROM THAT PERSON! BECAUSE YOU GOT AWAY WITH IT!
What was this Cadillac repeal tax all about?  Oh, that's right, nobody gets to see nothing!
Because they have sold their souls and do not represent their constituents
I don't understand this world anymore.  I'll have to ask God WTH when I die.
Probably quite easily. They don't have pesky things like ethics and compassion to worry about.
Party over Country is how
Easy: party before country.
So sad to put party first. Do the right thing for our children. Does anyone in the GOP have a heart???
@SenJohnMcCain and @LindseyGrahamSC are yes on the promise the House will not pass this. 16M would lose coverage & premiums will increase.
You need to ask them.
Why are they so mean ? Why do they hate so many Americans ? Karma is a bitch and they will get theirs one day.  In this life or the next.
SENATOR WALL ST ROBBED AMERICA !ONCE A THEIF ALWAYS A THEIF!
Will be voted out
GOP ->Beyond disrespectful. Condescending and irresponsible to Americans. My patients. My children. Shame
Because they are disasters!!!  They all have no business in this country!
Because they're scum.
Because they don't care about the people of this country. They only care about their party.
Because this administration has finally lowered its standards to the bottom of the barrel. What a desecration of democracy!
How can you do ANYTHING EXCEPT WORK 24/7 TO RID OUR COUNTRY OF MR. TREASON?  (that would be trump in case there's any doubt)?
Use your contacts! Move around !
Because the black guy. Everything they are doing is intended to settle a score and wipe the Obama legacy from history. Period.
SENATOR WHY HAS THE STOCK MARKET SINCE THE ELECTION GONE UP 17 %  ?NOTHING GREAT HAS HAPPENED!
Because @LindseyGrahamSC is a quisling

They do not care about people. They are racists who hate Obama more than they love their mamas
The do NOT care about their constituents at ALL! Only themselves and wanting to stay on #UNFITPOTUS good graces!
Better yet.. how can they vote yes when it isn't even a "Bill"?! #SkinnyRepeal
Party loyalty, suicide pack / pledge, desire for tax cuts at all costs... surely not good governance or desire of constituents
They're your colleagues.  Ask them.  How can you work with such piss poor excuses for human beings every day and stay sane?
Because the GOP don't give a damn about anyone but themselves and hurting as many people as possible...haven't you been paying attention
Hold strong
 This is a disaster!
Please make sure ALL GOP Senators know what Ryan could, scratch that, WILL do if y'all approve the skinny bill.
You can't trust Ryan or Trump.  One NO
They do NOT CARE!
My work insurance went up 20% with obama care
https://www.guidestar.org/profile/59-3564329 …
How did you vote for Obamacare?
