Stop the hyperbole. No one is taking away healthcare. GOP is working on trying to undo Obamacare. Obamacare is not healthcare. It's a tax.
It's ACA that needs a bi-partisan fix and 23,000,000 will lose healthcare so rich guys like you can be 17% richer.
What about all those who lost insurance or cannot afford it because of the ACA? I want to see people have options and choices.
Your options would include eating cat food or affording deductible
Yes. And the ACA forced that decision on many.
The GOP defunded parts of the ACA over the years. That's why it's in the state it is. #getaclue
What parts? @CSteven
The skinny version would have collapsed the insurance market. Single payer @ 2% admin is the only affordable, effective healcare for all
For the few million that want their free health insurance sorry but middle class can no longer afford their own care.  Obama care is dying.
That's not what the #ACA is about !  It's patient protection & holds ins co accountable !  #saveACA
Hold insurance Co's accountable?

Blank check
Deductibles higher than most earn in a month
Triple premiums. 
My insurance Co out of business
Ins Co must spend 80% or more on actual care. Your info is incorrect.
My info is wrong?

I'm talking my bills I need to pay.
My insurance went from $2500 before the sham to $9500 per year.
Now it pays nothing.
We need a bi-partisan fix for issues with ACA, but the 17% tax cut is GOP urinating on our heads and telling us it's raining. 2018!
How?  Do you see a path to reverse this?
We know the grand scheme is 2 create a large entitlement class so U can't turn back the tide. DEMS rather create dependency than jobs.
stop lying, Tim
They just murdered my fam #Huntingtonsdisease in them all my mom&bro now& they voted to kill his kids they'll be uninsurable #GOPMurderers
#TrumpWillKillUsAll
Watch MAN IN THE HIGH CASTLE ON AMAZON they kill the sick&old every Tuesday cuz they're called useless waters that's what's about2happen
Please do everything you can to stop it. We are counting on you, Senator Kaine.
The numbers don't match you say 38 million but not that many signs up
Yeh like anyone listens to you Timmy your about as useful as the hair on my ass
How many votes do they need to pass this travesty? Is it a simple majority
I keep calling! Fortunately my senators are both democrats and working for Virginia citizens! Thanks to Senators Kaine and Warner
You're such a ridiculous, calculated liar. It will not take health care from millions.
How do you sleep at night after spewing so many lies
Stop it, Tim!
What should we do?
#CreepyKaine's #DNC a gigantic failure. @SenateDems have no solutions Stop #fearmongering #Obamacare took millions of $ & gave us #NOTHING!
ACA has to go
come on Tim- get behind something- ANYTHING, with a positive message.  You are a downer of EPIC proportions #MAGA
You set in motion a plan to take healthcare from millions.  They are just undoing your mess.
Jaime just give it up. Sit down and shut your mouth.
#ACA was intended to fail so you could lead us into single-payer. Thankfully Hillary was a cluster. Free markets Rule the Day
0bamacare is dead. You lied about it Timmy. You lied.
There you go again, millions will only lose health insurance if they CHOOSE not to buy.
we tried with all our advocacy groups incl ama gop not listening to country only potus and he votesin one state so threats r moot
Please stop this! My family depends on the ACA. My husband is a small business owner and we would not have insurance without it!
It's hard not to feel defeated and discouraged. What else can we do? Thanks for fighting for us!
Statements like this are why nothing gets done!! We have children running our country. We need term limits.
Obamacare took health insurance away from me...where were you then? Oh yea...if you like your plan, you can keep your plan. LIE OF THE YEAR!
Tim Kaine the 1st to politicize a situation he apparently knows fucking nothing about. Typical democRAT  #DrainTheSwamp and #MAGA.
My thought exactly. Call every Yes vote and tell them how you really feel.  EVERY. SINGLE. DAY.
Say the idiot democRAT who also spouted this little gem of wisdom. #DrainTheSewer #DrainTheSwamp and #MAGA.
Lying Hypocrite #DrainTheSwamp #DrainTheSewer and #MAGA
So - 
We marched
We called
We showed up at town halls
We called again

And, I see nothing changing. 

So now what Mr. Kaine?

@SenateDems
And let's not mention how the GOP voted for a bill they knew NOTHING about! Why doesn't the RICO Act cover the GOP crimes. Organized crime!
Where is your health insurance coming from? Obama Care? No Congress exempted themselves from it. Who pays? U make more than I do!
What can I do?
Senator, the voters put these Republicans in office to Repeal & Replace. How about working with them and offer ways to compromise?
How????
Billionaires over anyone else including constitution. They didn't get rich by caring about average Americans.
Dear God! They may get to choose not to be covered! Oh, the humanity!
But AcA screwed Milions who are now paying for this disaster while they looted Fannie & Freddie to fund it #billions

A big moment 7+ years in the making. Thanks you @POTUS @VP for leadership and WH policy and legislative teams for patient perseverance. https://twitter.com/vp/status/889928324763570176 …
Be quiet
No, Dems have taken American HC and s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d it to cover 15M Dreamers & 21M illegals.  Do the math, 23M  Americans R at risk
Tell me how? @SenatorWicker & @SenThadCochran don't listen to their constituents
Then STOP it
Will the debates continue through the August recess? Should, so DT can't replace Sessions with a recess appointment.
Make sure the 5:1 age rating increase gets removed from the bill!
Please share and donate. I need help! I must stress the word "donate"!

http://gf.me/vjpk  #gofundme
What are you gonna do tough guy? Politely request Republicans look within their consciences?
Just looked outside, the sky was still up there...im good thanks.
Wtf is wrong with American?
Senator Kaine, thank you for your support and protecting us.  I WILL support you in your future election.
Fortunately, just a vote to debate. A nothing burger from Mitch Mcconnell to trumpski. Then Trumpski has to ask Vladimir if it's OK.
How can John McCain vote  to strip others of their healthcare when he needs his to live?  Shame on the  @GOP.
#McCainIsACoward
How???? How the hell do we stop it
Oh hush with the hyperbolic rhetoric.
Help
We don't want you to stop it. We want you to come to the table with something good for all of VA. ACA as it is, isn't it.
Please stop mixing up care and insurance
How do we stop this @timkaine
We are feeling hopeless...
Get rid of tRump, Pence, Ryan and Turtlehead and the rest falls into place. I'm waiting on Mueller because congress does zilch.
Did you see Portman's face as protestors chanted "shame"?  He knows he's doing the wrong thing; just too weak to do right.  Shame, indeed!
What can we as citizens do? I've called my representative etc. I've never felt oppressed before. I've never felt fearful before.
Tell us HOW TO STOP IT?
Ah, I guess you've figured out, at least, that this was a vote to debate, not repeal. The rest of your party doesn't seem to understand.
How???? They are even blocking reporters from getting near the halls of Congress!!!!
What can those of us with reps who oppose this bill do? Who should we call?
Call your friends in Alaska, Nevada, West Virginia, and VA districts with shitty reps.
0bamacare is dead. Get over it. It will be better.
How?  They aren't listening.
@Morning_Joe @SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain GREAT JOB GOP BUNCH OF LOSERS TRUMP PUPPETS HAIL COMRADE TRUMP
Suddenly Socialism is in full retreat - and that's a good thing. Improve your lot in life and pay for your own health insurance.
10s of millions. That's 50x more Americans will loose everything if they get sick more than American deaths in WWII. It's worse than a war.
Unconscionable.  Maybe the public will finally wake up and boot their Republican representatives from office.
If you guys couldn't even convince McCain, WTF do you think we can do about it?
How? When push comes to shove, Repubs will lie, cheat and steal. I fear our representative democracy is dead. They won't listen.
Tim go on CNN with Chuck and together the two of you can cry. You know Obamacare is bad. Stop complaing & work with Republicans. Really care
How?

Lies, lies ,lies
Tell us what the  people need to do because it's like the Republicans are
Senator, the Dem base is demoralized. We want to help, but we don't know what else to do. Things are moving too fast. 18 is too far away.
But it seems as if it is. We have called, written, called, faxed, made office visits and this is what we get. I do not foresee a good end.
Sadism is rampant among GOP...following dutyfully in-line with their President.
I do not see how it can be stopped.
What CAN we do? I live in ruby red state filled with cult 45 people who don't care or understand - just want to repeal. The idiots rejoice.
And PS I have sent over 50 letters to my senators who just could not vote YES fast enough to repeal. They don't care.
Fight! Start that diesel! Rrroommp rrroommppp!
How??!!!
#ShameOnMcCain He had no problem putting party before country. No compassion; he just screwed millions of Americans. Just a GOP hypocrite.
#McCainIsACoward
Maybe  just maybe Dems with fight! Damn get tough for once
Hahahahahahahaha

How?
How?  How on earth do we get through to reprehensible people like this who would vote to consign millions to a lack of health care? Shocking
Senator Kaine, Please do not post something like this without also giving us specifics on what we can do. We already call/fax/email/visit.
I  X 1,000
What can be done??
Thank God you are not VP!
Please work to repeal and replace my Delaware nightmare
@SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain @SenateMajLdr Shameful vote. McCain is a cruel inhumane disgrace. GOP is disgusting.
How?
What are we supposed to do?  People are mobilized but the Republican Senators really don't seem to GAF.
They seem eerily unconcerned with the health & well being of their constituents & with their ability to keep control in 2018.
Then we need amendments NOW from you guys. Filibuster the shit out of this bill, please.
HOW????
I know your a Christian Man, can you find a Dem that will fight like DT fights? Bad words, nasty name calling ? It worked for him !
It's to have a debate, take a chill
#Putinbot
Good one, very original
It is not too late, but it is very much an indicative of the GOP Rep ignoring constituents and following party over country.
Clearly because .@SenateGOP doesn't care about their consituents, our country, or anything else other than their party...
Please help us
How? What do we have to do, Senator?
Then do it! Stop it! Fight!
What to do?
I have never been more afraid of the government than I am today. My children will not survive without assistance. I work FT and pay ... 1/x
over $400 per month in premiums, there is no way I can raise my children to adulthood without assistance. What is my family going to do? 2/2
We will fight them with everything we have!!!
You've got a message now @timkaine, deliver on it!
Fearmonger much 
Omg seriously, nobody is gonna die. And Medicaid isn't being destroyed it's cutting the growth big difference
