Jim Mattis: Stick to Iran deal http://politi.co/2xYZLxV  via @wesleysmorgan 
Like obama listened to his 
He doesn't listen to anybody because he knows more than they do..He even knows more than the generals do..just ask him...#Sarcasm. LOL
That's not his goal!
Mattis should use that product seen on TV to get rid of those bags under his eyes. They make him look very ill.
Tim, Trump is a loose cannon.  He doesn't care about facts or advise. @realDonaldTrump thinks he knows it all!

Tillerson said F*ING MORON!
@potus lives in “opposite world” and always does exactly what his advisers say not to do.
How does giving Iran the money they need to build nuclear weapons and to fund terrorism make us safer?
Not sure about that. If the UN is only oversight and the EU is skirting responsibility for Iran's "spirit" of the deal, UN can't be trusted.
Reason being, with an imbalance on the UN Security Council of all white European males and an Asian, UN can't be trusted.
Already left the US for dead once, would be a fool to rely on the UN and EU for world security again, especially US security.
Maybe a good idea at that time, when the previous Pres was dealing with a wholesale invasion, genocide from Iran, Russia, and China upon US.
Including Invaders and genocidalist from the EU and other countries.
"Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me?"
Hence Brexit, was same situation there.
While they lick their wounds and try to regroup.
It is making America safer, but it doesn't feed his ego enough and we know that's Trump's top priority.
Why does your son commit violence against people!

This would be Tim Kaine conducting foreign policy.
And Tim Kaine should listen to the American voter and just go away quietly.  Unless you are going to start whining like Hillary....twins..
If you say so-
Tim Kaine, you're irrelevant and no one cares what you think!
Trump should resign. Like today
Yes i feel SO safe knowing we financed Iran terror network w pallets of cash and they continue with Nukes under cover of civilian program.
Instead he and the GOP will continue to put their partisan politics over national security.
Just like they always do.
With contracts/international agreements, there is no soul or spirit
Only what is WRITTEN
Real businessmen and politicians would know that
Iran gets nukes in 11 years is not a good deal
#administration should curtail threats of #WWIII and world annihilation This is not a game #Americans deserve #stability #peace
Kinda like how Bill Clinton giving NK a nuke deal made us all safer?
@politico @wesleysmorgan like the @BillClinton North Korean deal  unless you would like to stop being a partisan. You use people
T shud stick 2 reality tv shows n leave US alone.
Go back to liberty tim stay out of the real business of America
Trump wants war. He's been screwing up since he took office, plus he doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground..it's perfect. #failure
That involves diplomacy. The Donald lacks the skill.
When did we start making Deals with the Terrorist State Iran? Since Obamas  Cut and Run policy, Arab Spring and all the other failures
I bet you are just as dishonest as hillary clinton is
Hillary should have used GOVT SERVERS/SYSTEMS for sending and receiving TOP SECRET INFO IN EMAILS but she breaks the laws
What Trump should actually do is resign.
And how much money did we give them?
Amazing how paying ransom requires allegiance.
It would cause more harm now that we are in it, than good if we were to back out. #obamamess #baddeal #timkaineisamoron

First mans best friend   Clinton running around the globe with this pervert. Bill is a pervert
What is Iran doing for the Billions of American Tax Payer dollars that Obama stole from us ?What do we gain ?
Senator Kaine you're next in line to be removed the senate, however, you will have already Sucked enough funds to live comfortably
Who are you
like Clinton's Korean deal?
our country won't be safe until trump and the rest of the mafia family are out of the white house.
But he won't because it was a Obama accomplishments

Senator, you're asking the impossible, you're asking him to focus!
Tim should join the rest of society and denounce Antifa
With his kid
Listening to his military advisers got us even more war in Afghanistan. Firing them would be more sensible.
Thank God for Jim Mattis !he is making the balance
Unfortunately his thought process is more like this:
says the scary clown with the antifa son
Who cares about a few million dead Jews, right timmy?
He cant even stick to a scrip ffs Tim.
