...and these Democrat candidates will drive huge conservative turnout in general election. The 12 year conservative wave continues.
When is the Senate going to Censure Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump.. FREE SPEECH IS NOT CLASSLESS AND BILE
Pedal to the metal, your all talk,  you lost the big one and the dem continue to lose. I want to know how much money the Dems are spending
I see Hilary Clinton was right.
Democrats blow out the Republicans yeah we're too busy working you will deals with Donald Trump for 8 years in the White House LOL LOL LOL
Laura Ingraham is going to turn you into a two time loser Timmy!!!
After you and Hillary the murdering tag team the Democrats will be lucky to be in the white house within the next 20 years
Linwood been convicted yet for throwing a bomb into a government building.
Keep praying to allah..it seems to be working for dems. Hahahha #MAGA #WINNING
"Beware of Republicans bear--ing empty red boxed gifts ." It's nothing more that "throw the dogs a bone  "


Unless you are Bob Goodlatte going 70 in a school zone.


You have Soros $, voter fraud, and Fed Gov moochers in NOVA to thank for these clowns.
Will you PLEASE  condemn the shooter & ask your followers to please calm down & that violence & killing is not the way 2 turn over election
Way 2go get ur mojo back @TheDemocrats no more trampling on by rich ass @GOP @HouseGOP! Unseat the healthcare killers-
"...fight in the streets..." still proud of those words?  Someone took you seriously!
you mean a democrat tries to blow out republicans practicing base ball --all that to win votes!! Evil
All for not until Dems start winning elections.
Vote!
Tim... thank you for everything you do. It's nice to see some honesty and decency in politics, especially these days.
All the illegal immigrants must have to vote in order to receive their freebies.
Fake News
Ass
Thank you lol
Tim who would you plan to assassinate Republican congressman Steve Scalise ¿ a mad white man or another fanatic of Muslim extremism? @POTUS
Because trump isn't running......you learned that the hard way.
#TrumpTrain 
@HillaryClinton
I second that.
that's right party over state is the democrat mantra. Bring more taxes and regulations.
This has to continue!!!!!!!!! #staymotivated!!!
When you Democrats ruin VA like you did the states you fled from where will you move to ruin next?
Not bad turnout for a primary. Even  though I WAS at the polling station by myself at 9AM!
So proud of VA; my childhood home. This wave will cross the already great USA before the Repugs can destroy it.
Lay on the train tracks and take a nap Timmy.
if Virginia goes democrat again we are a lost state
Looks like desperation, smells like death of the progressive dems...
faint rays of hope!!!
I voted Republican because I am so vehemently opposed to Corey Stewart.  I'm a lifelong Democrat, and that isn't ever going to change!
Lmao you guys are gonna get your clocks cleaned again in 2018. We don't care much for politicians destroying Trump as a hobby. #MAGA Forever
go for a change in VA
Best comment at polls from a Dem volunteer handing out lit.Whoever wins the Dem primary, we'll get behind him/her.Winning in Nov is the goal
Would expect high turnout since it was a battle between state & nat'l dem party candidates.  State guy won
Let's not forget that many republicans chose to vote for Ralph in the dem primary instead of voting in their own primary.
Please help thwart the propaganda nonsense that "democrats have no message". Young Sandersistas are already parroting the mantra. Help.
Take it all--GA, Senate, Exec branches. 2018 starts now. Former Richmond citizen pulling for you for across the country.
Shut up.
Proud of all Democrats and Virginians.
Let's keep this going!!! #dems #midtermelections
Definitely!!!!
Didn't they find massive voter fraud in Virginia ??.
   Oh, you crazy, corrupt dems.
If it makes you feel safe little snowflake, you can believe whatever you want to.
Approximately 178K more votes cast in Dem primary than GOP.  That's about..a 20% difference in total votes cast.  Trump really is MAGA Haha!
Hey @timkaine, remember that time every1 said Hillarys going to win by a landslide & then u guys won?! Yeah I didn't think so. #KeepDreaming
Thanks, @timkaine.  You can be sure that we are #notgoingaway.  Viewing each race as a chance to change seats!  #gameon
Pedal to the metal? You #Democrats have no plan for your constituents but #resist obstruct lie cheat & steal. 

#AmericaFirst
We live in extraordinary times. Let us not forget the Golden Rule.
Are u implying that Virginia's should speed in their cars "Pedal to the Metal" When I go to court can I show
The judge ur comment?
You're creepy-looking as hell and your son is a criminal-or should I say "justice-involved" person? LOL. MAGA!!! 
More importantly @tomperriello who ran a great race immediately through his support to @RalphNortham. State/country above ego.
Hey @timkaine good to hear from you again.Remember the election last year the one u lost u only had 30 people turn up to 1 of your speeches
Bot by chance, or just an ass?
Where I am from we say, "The TIDE is rolling!" Now let's give money and time to Ossoff!
AND through November 2018!
I will vote whenever I can because I will no longer sit by and be silent. My vote will be heard across the state and nation.
good for you! 
Proud of my neighbors to the north! Hope Cooper gets to work with Northam.
Well blue is complementary to orange . And in November, it'll be time to flip some districts to reflect that!
You sound like a Hoo.
Maybe, but I'd rather not sound like Trump... or be governed by people who do. 
How long since you had to bail your son out of jail??
Ass!
California sending its love and support! Love the blue.
+1. Former Richmonder pulling for blue sweep in Nov. Take the GA, Senate, G, LG, AG.
Yes, turning Virginia blue!
VA was blue knucklehead.
Yes, all the illegal aliens being allowed to vote there. Corrupt swamp of Virginia needs drained too!
Ass
Congratulations! The good people of Virginia have made it clear that they want a promising future for all.
Isn't it fantastic?  Every vote counted today. Every vote will count from here on out.
My first time voting in a non-Presidential election. I won't be asleep again, don't worry.
#winteriscoming
Good trouble
KEEP UP THE PRESSURE AND MAKE VIRGINIA BLUE.
Ditto what Senator Kaine said!
#Hooray ☆
It's my right to vote, i can't wait to vote in @tomperriello and @FairfaxJustin into office
demorats just blow
your boy throws a rose garden #AHCA  high-five # but today it's "too mean"?  
He's steering a rudderless boat in white waters
Ass! And you spell so well! 
Were there buses involved?
Ass!
Great turn out. Fired up. #Resistance
Godfathers Pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain.
