As a Native American and as a conservative Republican I support all #DREAMers and accept them in my nation i will #DefendDACA always. 
Not exactly a conservative republican position.
Yes it is my party is being hijacked.
It's been hijacked a really long time, then. When was last time GOP was pro immigrant?
Their reasoning has not conservative for a really long time. See conservative isn't just a political stance, it's a state of mind.
I just said that. The question is why people stay with parties who don't represent them? I left Dems for that reason.
"Because I got no place else to go." Chris Farley 
RT if you want to enforce our existing immigration laws and stop people from coming here illegally and then rewarding them
#BuildTheWall
And you will be on the other side of the wall because you are an immigrant you are not a natural American Native Americans and African-Americans were here first you just stole your way in with your ancestors who stole killing destroyed and raped the people who already here

Deport all DACA
Tim wants to protect me from better, cheaper health care! Tim, you gonna protect me from lower taxes too?  But you like open borders!
Tim Kaine makes American and Virginia weaker!
DREAMERS ARE ILLEGAL ALIEN INVADERS AND SHOULD BE DEPORTED ACCORDING TO USA IMMIGRATION LAWS!
Nope send the back .
HACK
How smart can Tim Kain be?  He calls getting in the way of fixing the HC he helped break "protecting care"!  What a joke!
How do Drmers make us stronger?  Because you think they are better than the legal immigrants and citizens already here.
They need Visas at least,   They should not be thrown out like trash and kicked out. Not nice!. Trump sees them as law breakers only.
Do not come here to this country and act all holier than anyone when your family came here to prosper like the dreamers who live here now.
Tim Kaine is a fraud and he stinks like guilt for standing to close to dirty hillary
No justice, no peace, no DACA.
JERK
You want bipartisanship, but don't offer any!  Just stirring up violent protesters!
Why do you want to help illegals more than the actual citizen tax payers you are paid to represent?  Are they paying you as well?
Why are you not helping fix the health care system you helped brake?
Maybe,The President of Mexico needs2make concessions2the #DACA& #Dreamers such as:highpaying jobs,free education at major universities,
&give major jobs n the Mexican govt where they can assist n getting major U.S. corporations n2Mexico.In other words,Make Mexico Great Again.
Totally Clueless
The Mexico President is a Greater man then trump.
Tim kaine, did you lose your dr? Jacked copays? Deductibles into thousands... per person? Rates jacked?  Didn't think so!  What a jerk!
Tim kaine is a lying, partisan, political hack! Why else would HRC pick him for VP?  The company he keeps!
Illegals makes all countries weaker.  We are no exception!  Who pays for it all?  Make paying for illegals optional!  Trouble then!
Government should be ground to a halt until these children are treated with compassion. They are our neighbors, friends, coworkers
They are here illegally. They should be deported. We can make new neighbors, friends and co-workers! #MAGA
Out of your freaking mind Jinks. Where is your compassion? For many this is the only country they've known. They didn't break laws. Cruel.
Where is your compassion’s for millions of Americans and veterans who are citizens and are not being cared for. Get off your high & righteous leftist horse.
It is 25K to deport one person there goes Trump's wall money........oooops!
They shouldn't stop deporting, just make it more efficient.  Less appeals and red tape that costs us money!
Hell no!! They broke the law!
Tim Kaine is an idiot
Get back to lurking around pre-schools and stop flooding my country with peasants.
Snowflake*
They're a plague of dependants, we have our own baby factories an families to feed and clothe, we should work on making our own great again!
They should NOT get a free pass just because their parents refused to follow our laws.
Absolutely NOT! 
NO DACA NO AMNESTY NO ILLEGALS !

All dreamers
NO I don't. Make them get in line like everybody else. They have been here long enough they could have already applied for citizenship.
Have I mentioned how sad I am you're not VP?
You need to talk to congress..stop talking to us unless it's something that's really helping
Harsh reality good move mr. President! #MAGA
Of course. As does the President. Now if only Congress and the Senate would do something about mKing it legal. That's what he wants.
Do these people have social security numbers?
Nope. We have to end DACA.
At best!
POTUS 2020???? Pleeeeeeze!
I support DACA and I support you Senator Kaine. Please take a stronger role in the DNC! We need your stability.
Get off twitter Tim, the clock's ticking.   Only you can save it, and it won't be via tweets.  6 months Tim, roll up those sleeves.
*weaker
You know I love you Senator, but I truly wish you'd make one forceful, decisive statement. Just one would tide me over.
@tbudetti #Dreamers should NEVER have the right to vote until parents become citizens from back of the line.
RT if you have a clue-Americas children have needs, why are illegals entitled to U.S. tax payers $ free education housing EBT cash assist
You and your son are crazy, what is even more disturbing is you know who Hillary is and were willing to over look it.
I say let them stay on the promise that they never be provided welfare or government handouts. Let's see how many agree to that.
Are you still around. After your clobbering in November I thought you might have got a job washing dishes in the back room?
You're either ignorant or hoping we are. We aren't. Everyone knows this is the job of congress, so get to work and make a fair law for them.
hi i like your page and i will like to know more about you and i am Rosemary by name and what about you there?
@timkaine how about USA stops creating terrorists #DrugCartels & overthrowing governments in South America & North America. #NoDREAMers
Please don't stalk my timeline.
When you change the name anything sounds great. US calls terrorists #rebels. Those in jail are also #DREAMers dreaming of having your stuff.
Senator: please co-sponsor S1615 if *you* support DREAMers
I TOTALLY agree JSWardell. MANY ppl have waited >than 7 yrs to LEGALLY come here & STILL aren't here. NO FREE PASS for Illegals.
If you support DACA, then you do nothing but ENCOURAGE even MORE illegal border crossers,who have NO interest in assimilating in our country
DACA should not end.  The members of DACA are as much citizens of the U.S.A as we are.  They are integral part of our country.
That would be HELL NO
Go away Tim
@onerahinz Is A Classic Example! She Is A Proud American Who Has Come To NZ, And She Has Been Made Welcomed To NZ As A NZlander! Me in NZ.
Here in New Zealand, we welcome people from many different countries, cultures, and any colour! Come to NZ, You will be Welcomed. Me in NZ!
I am great believer, that no matter what colour your skin is, and you live in a country of your choice, you belong to that country.Me in NZ!
I am a proud granddaughter of #Dreamers. #DreamersMakeAmericaGreat.

Plz work toward making this law. 45 cannot rule with tyranny.
Congress needs makes laws! So earn your wages Senator Kaine in the next 6 months!
We know who you support...Antifa.You also support lawlessness by being angry that Trump wants LEGAL IMMIGRATION.Your son shows us who you r.
No. I don't support criminals. You are a whack job. So thankful that you lost!!!
Thank you for supporting #DACA & #DREAMers, and for representing me in the Senate. I am a proud Virginian.
#SelectiveOutrage not surprising coming from a politician
#DefendtheConstitution
https://twitter.com/garaffon/status/905258456998965249 …
@jmpalmieri ehh Not Really. So illegal aliens make our country stronger? Why don't they apply then to become legit? #NotDACA
Bring it to senate floor tomorrow then. Team up with a Dem Congressman and bring along some Republicans and make it law!
I support you and all that daca  stands for.
I support Dreamers and DACA. Immigrants make up this country, and we should want them here, they are making a contribution in many ways.
Why didn't Congress fix this problem instead of ignoring it?
This really sucks. Really really sucks.
We need action not re-tweets senator.
NO dreamers! Obama was unconstitutional.  U of all people know, their countries WON"T get better if they  keep coming here!
The Dream Act should have been passed forever ago. Ridiculous
Start packing now leave voluntary other wise pay for your deportation send all back make Mexico great again period
So,what do you do if you support the laws as passed by congress? You know the people who's job that is. And arrest ALL who promote violence
How exactly do they make our nation stronger?

Absolutely not. These millennial illegals need to go to their parents home country & build their economy. Legal's need the jobs. #NoDACA
Supporting #DACA all the way
LOL!! Tim Kain.. the guy who raised a Terrorist! 
False dichotomy. Its possible to support Dreamers and oppose DACA. You need to stop grandstanding and start doing something.
What you doing to help America citizens
#DACA  weakens this nation. It does the opposite. Takes our resources, jobs. This is a NATION of Law.Not ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS, come in legal
What is worse is that many #DREAMERS are also victims of #HARVEY / FIRST HIT BY #HARVEY THEN ASSULTED BY DJT & ADMIN
Time for Congress to step up!
Please. How do you make our nation stronger with almost 800,000 uneducated? What can they dream about without knowledge?
Hahahhahahahahhahahahah.....atifa....hahahaha....your son...
Retweets won't help, tRUMP is determined 2 destroy this country, republicans r allowing it, many from other countries voted 4 this man. why?
Stronger together !  #DefendDACA
#American citizens have dreams too. Get in line #illegal dreamers 

Only a Dem could promote the cherry picking of Constitutional law and order.
I thank G-d everyday for living in the great state of New York! Our mayor and gov are fighting hard for thousands #Dreamers in NY.
It is time for impeachment.  Trump is destroying America.
YOU ARE RUINING OUR COUNTRY!! You want DACA...send their illegal parents back to MEXICO where they were in the 1st place. -8yr go with them.
I blame the Tea Party and the extreme right for their party destruction under 45. Wish he would quit destroying democracy & decency of USA
End it slowly but end it!
If you want DACA, get it through congress. Quit whining and blaming and do your damn job instead of fundraising all year. #termlimits
Senator Kaine, tell @realDonaldTrump re the racist, to kiss my @$$
@timkaine what will you do to push permanent immigration bill to protect these young people and their families?
Tim, screw DACA parents who created the DACA mess, Barry Obama, RINOs, idiot Dems & you. Walk away from DACA.
No I don't support coming into this country illegally. Do it the right way and you will be welcomed in to dream
I DON'T support DACA, illegally done.  Speaking of illegal, do you still support you son's membership in AntiFa, as they're now terrorists?
Bumper sticker bravado
Better, tell us how.  There no longer are checks & balances. RIP USA
I support the Constitution why don't you?  Get off your lazy asses and do your job. Tax reform and repeal ACA.
But don't defend the defenseless.
@ericmarcus If you believe in Constitutional separation of powers and rule of law read Jonathon Turley.
Trump’s decision will return this question to where it should have remained: Congress. http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/the-administration/349152-opinion-president-trump-is-right-to-send-daca-back-to …
Tim your son is a violent activist and you have no respect for the law.
No, we're not defending an illegal and unconstitutional executive order.
Are the of age DACA individuals able to vote???
I can't get Mr Kaine or Ms Warren to answer!
Oh Mr. Kaine??????
Diane agrees with Predident Trump. Not exactly legal. What say you Mr. Kaine?
Give these totally vetted innocent humans full citizenship then close the program  it should include all youngsters. Tired of Trump  dummies
Senator Kaine,,THERE IS AMADMAN IN THE WHITE HOUSE.Just say no!
Don't pass any off Trumps BILLs
Why is it our own citizens don't make us stronger? Is it because you pay them not to? Have put them and three generations on the dole?#Sick
I think congress should pass legislation that provides immediate citizenship to all DACA immigrants-problem solved.
You should run for vice president again
I'm sorry, but how can *I* defend it. you're a GD senator. YOU DEFEND IT!
Congress needs to get off their bums and fix this problem. President can't make law! Congress makes the laws, so call them to get busy!
You'll better do something 2 fix this mess. We can't tolerate the Evil actions of this racist in WH & CONGRESS. IMPEACH & CONVICT.

Do your job Congress ..  Fix this
MAGA  W/O dreamers. Obama is gone. DACA was unconstitutional. Congress can't handle anything that is why we are here. Kaine do your job.
DACA was unconstitutional. Period.
HOW DO THEY MAKE THE COUNTRY STRONGER? GIVE SOME FACTS FOR YOUR DIVISIVE HYPERBOLE YOU VOTE PANDERING HYPOCRITE!
No. Why do you endorse breaking our country's immigration laws, KAINE? Is it because you attend those antifa meetings with your son?
Obama said #DACA was TEMPORARY!
Yes, it is tempoary but does not have to remain so.
Then congress needs to act! Be upset w/ Congress, not Trump!
I am just so sorry for the dreamers. It affects many people whom I love  trump promised them to "rest easy."
Trump is allowing Congress to resolve this issue- the way it needs to be resolved. Thru the legislative branch.
Yes and i hope GOP won't block again.
Senator lead in the senate please .
Recess bell rang. Get to work. Make it happen. #DefendDACA #ImpeachTrump
And your son is AntiFa
You need to look up the word "illegal". #Deportillegals
OK.  Do you need any help raising bail for your Antifa son?
RT if u don't know what a meaningless platitude is. Don't forget, your avid defender, always loyal, to vote for Sen Kaine! I'll fight for U!
Defend your #ANTIFA son
We <3 you everyday Hero @timkaine
Dear Timmy, have you a clear grasp of US constitutional law and principles? How's your violent anarchist son these days? #loveandorder
why do you hate America and the law so much? Is it because you feel you should be above the law?
Were you proud the day your son enlisted for #Antifa ?
Nah Deport !
Hmm I guess you love God but don't think about what his son would do? Certainly not deport
I understand how we appear to the world right now. We are working to fix this horrible mistake.
They are living well off what is not Generations of Welfare. Guess who's paying for it YOU AND I.

U sir are a embarrassment to the country
Indeed
How about no unconstitutional EO's that are subject to reversal and instead follow the law and Congress do your job! Dreamers have a chance.
Thank you, Senator @timkaine   Proud to call you my Senator!

Kaine,you're pathetic! !
