Unlike ACA they won't FORCE anybody to pay for healthcare.
That mandate helps the disabled, the vets, special needs children, elderly so people don't go to ER 4 hc
They could CHOOSE to buy healthcare.  How does govt FORCING people to do anything help anyone???
You shouldn't die from a disease becuz  you're poor Everyone must share in cost to help others My son got a great inexpensive OCare policy.
I shouldn't be forced to pay for your healthcare.  I'm glad that your son got good coverage.  But bigger govt is not the solution.
Guess you don't like SSyou get more than you paid into it Medicare, fed parks,Title IX allows daughters to participate in sports Govt works
No I don't.  SS, Medicare, and Medicaid = ~60% of all US spending.  Our country is $20 trillion in debt.  We cannot spend like this anymore.
Why does the government need to be involved? Government just messes it up every time. Always. Just repeal the mess.
Obamacare forced me to have to drop coverage. Ridiculously un-affordable. #GrahamCassidy is a step in the right direction
new hc bill could waive cov of pre ex cond or charge exorbitant amts to cover you thereby making it unattainable & provide no essen service
And no clear plan for pre existing conditions. Big secret with #GrahamCassidy & all their co conspirators. Let them choose food or meds. 
Don't you mean Obamacare?
Talk pt: Bill will drive unattended home births-4 poor&people trying to not fall into poverty. Live birth rates will drop&mothers will die.
Dollar grams #tim
Didn't you just vote in favor of giving our military 700m ? Hypocrisy at its finest. 700 M could fund universal healthcare and/or university
You Dems lied about Obamacare.  It was nothing but an attempt to destroy the private insurance industry and put more people on gov healthcar
While ACA forces family to spend on healthcare that isn't needed. Deductibles that will never be reached, premiums that are too costly.
If you were honest, you would admit the broken & financially defunct ACA has & will do the same.  That's a big IF tho
ObamaCare has already forced Virginians to have higher bills and less coverage
The new hc bill could waive coverage of pre ex conditions or charge exorbitant amts to cover you thereby making it unattainable
Where's the proof?
LLBS!!!

Nothing can raise costs more than Obamacare
Isn't that what's happening now with ur wonderful ocare Timmy? Are u and ur family on ocare? Of course not bc, ocare is SHIT!
I'm an independent contractor and self pay now $24000/year and I'm sick. What will happen now? I will die! That's half my income now!
But Trump said our health care would be cheaper and better! @realDonaldTrump
You are so intelligent. Why ACA has to be so much unaffordable. You democRATS are bunch of idiots or to smart.
Impossible for me to pay more
It's happening now. Where do you live I guess not here. Healthcare is out of control
Sounds a little like Ocare.
And what did Obamacare do? My deductible is ungodly, the coverage sucks yet if I don't buy it , I'm fined
My son has affordable Obamacare. The new hc bill could waive coverage of pre ex conditions or charge exorbitant amts to cover you
Old Man Mitchell says keep up the Propaganda push
Or do without and then fall back onto the states and government to pay for emergency care
If you all had to be on this same health care plan, it would be changed in a heartbeat. It's cruel and hideous. We deserve better.

Sen Kaine, this is a hot topic and worth the necessary discussions. Please press the GOP on  jobs. Stock market is wrong on economy strength
Lowering health insurance costs will go a long way towards creating more jobs, employers can't afford as many with Obamacare rules.
Tim, ACA caused that result
It seems @jimmykimmel has influence. This on a late night comedy show:
That's more dishonesty
Not if you guys stop them
You are a genius Tim
Mr. Kane just Implement Bernie care in your state and see how long before the state is bankrupt
There isn't a single democrat with a shred of credibility on healthcare.  You LIED REPEATEDLY TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
What are they thinking? Only helps the insurance companies, no one else. ACS, AHS, AMA,,etc are all against the repeal of ACA. Be strong!
With you & that swinger wife you're probably spreading disease faster than Typhoid Mary.
That's exactly what the ACA did to me, my premium is 3x what it was preACA.
Americans are paying more under failed Obamacare.
They manipulate facts and basically lie. Thankful that my in laws aren't here to see this nonsense again. Vote No on Cassidy lies.
Do you think it's fair for Congress to exempt itself from a health law that is passed? People would agree that Congress should have the same

That's ObamaCare you're thinking of.
Just like Obamacare forced me off the plan I liked or away from the Dr I liked?
Sir, that would be called Obamacare. Middle class pays MORE money than ever before. Can't afford  care B/C of the deductibles. Do you?
@lisamurkowski
@senatorcollins
@SenJohnMcCain
Health should not be for sale!
The so called "Affordable Care Act" made many pay more for less care, senator.  How about getting government out of it!
And cost millions health care options.  This love for Medicare is so misguided. Government is not the solution for healtcare.
fix and repair the ACA obama care
Where my $2500 annual savings from the ACA?
It'll do wonders for tourism into India, Canada, and Mexico.
Lol. Mexico for healthcare. That's hilarious.
Seniors drive down there every day for medical care..how pathetic is that huh? We can't take care of our own
I so wish u were our VP and @HillaryClinton  our POTUS
Americans don't want crooked Hillary and an ex impeached president back in the White House. #MAGA

Is this an alarmist tactic or is there actual verifiable irrefutable proof?
Free Health care for Antifa.
I guess you missed the fact that most of the reddest state are on Medicaid expansion! Aka Obamacare.
Agreed! But why did you vote for the horrific $700b defense bill???
VOTE NO
What happens when the money runs out...
It doesn't run out. It runs to the military.
Why did you exclude yourselves from Obamacare?
Obamacare is the craziest thing in the world! - Bill Clinton
