Senator, it is very hard to keep begging for your basic needs to not be taken away.  It is like,  please may I have more
Unaffordable Obamacare meets no one's needs. Want to die happy with insurance you can't afford to use?
Nothing supported by GOP has made genuine healthcare affordable. I afforded ACA - met my needs. So already your statement is false.
Guess we need massive postcard, calling and email to representatives.....Please share phone numbers, and email address and fax numbers!
Call 801-224-3121. I just called both of my Senators. Will do so again and again.
Senator we'll keep fighting to protect our health. But sir, you have to do something about the president. He's unfit & unhinged.
single payer healthcare is the only solution call your senators 202-224-3121
O'CARE ALREADY FAILED, as it still leaves 28m UNINSURED! W 0 cost controls, while Dems administerd, it was improvemnt. Now, it's inadequate.
Thanks Senator Kaine. GOP is united with one cause; Keep doing the same thing & expecting different results. VA is for lovers. Thanks.

You got to be kidding me Kaine? #Gone2018
Unfortunately, I have @SenatorRubio he doesn't care that my daughter will die if the ACA is Repealed. But, come voting time he will feel it!
Your daughter will not die if ACA is repealed. The replacement  will give you similar coverage. If your child is fine now she will be
How can you say this? Preexisting condition coverage not guaranteed. Where coverage continues there's no requirement that it cost same
I called my Sen and they acted like why are u calling?  I can tell it was kiss off.  Tenn is state
Affordable healthcare is a Human right.
Hope you are doing the same.
How bout we just drop Repuglicans???
Scream and yell over this Sen Kaine. No hearings no score &a total secret less than 24 hrs before vote!
Such effing bernie sanders; aka total bs!!!!
What is the resistance to a clean repeal?  ACA is not affordable!  It has driven off ins carriers!  8M Americans paid the gov "NOT" to take
What about the other concerns we have senator? I still have not heard back from your office since I wrote & called Karishma on the 18th!
Yeah calling Flake and McCain is daily fun for me. NOT.
How bout you start working to improve it too? Wouldn't that be thing to do for everyone?
Will do!!
Only the people can make the change
Trump admin is in position 2 sabotage O'CARE bcse of INDIVIDUAL MANDATE. Now Insur Monopolies have an excuse 2 gouge & hold patients hostage
Text 'resist' to 50409 -- Call Washington 202-224-3121
My 2 Senators & Representative can't be found their interns say they're in Session but news says they haven't returned from another vacay
8 Million Americans did not have insurance under AHCA, because they paid to get out of it.  How desirable & affordable was it?  Clean repeal
We The People demand #MedicareForAll cut out for profit Corporations will generate estimated $2.2 Trillion dollars in economic Productivity
You spelled "Demand" wrong
Repeal and Replace Republicans and the President!
Great idea!
I wish you were my Vice President! 
Why don't u grow a pair & cosponsor Sen Sanders MEDICARE FOR ALL bill? O'CARE was never intended 2 b a permanent fix. MFA bill is only way
done! I called @SenJohnMcCain & @JeffFlake  to ask (beg) them to just say no. #Repairnotrepeal
vote No get thise gop to vote no also this will not help anyone incl gop voters!
Just sent MY Senator, @marcorubio a message to NOT repeal and replace and FIX the ACA
We will if you drop your medical ins
Just called Mcconnell's KY office for the 10th time this year, but the cowards never answer the phone. They are above talking to commoners.
I've called so many times my Senators blocked my cell, my home phone still works though! I've never yelled or used a bad word.
ICYMI a former GOP senator tells current GOP #resist the bullying https://usat.ly/2eIjBWB 
Health insurance is NOT health care. Words matter, just saying. #SaveTheACA
#Obamacare is just a stepping stone for socialism. If u want gov control over ur life move to north korea.
We r working 2 get the message to @SenCapito. She refuses to meet with constituents & even locked doors.
Every day, part of my morning ritual!
Please ask your Republican co-senators to man/woman up and stand up to this craziness in the White House.  Still sad about election .
For convenience to your followers below are the numbers to a few of the most likely 'NO' votes.  Please keep calling!
Is this the ACA the American counseling association
Obamacare saves lives and just talk to the insurance company's
My Senators are both Democrats - so who am I supposed to voice my opinion to? Only wish Northern Virginia could secede!
Yessssssssdd!!
keep fighting the repeal! Will call your office again when it opens.
please get on board witu repeal and replace of ACA....hurting many families in VA.
they just can't stand it if Obama's name is removed from the Healthcare it will be like Obama never existed, can't wait!

Again? For God Sake these people never get tired  and are DEAF

Donate now to help rural @TexasYDs get to conventions to help get good people elected like @CollierForTexas and @BetoORourke. #TurnTexasBlue https://twitter.com/Spencer4Texas/status/888929448648691712 …
And then demand it. They are your employees!
Trump care is crap!  Need to improve Obamacare to a single pay system
How can @GOP be pro-gun and anti-healthcare when guns put so many American in the hospital?
B.S. Can that garbage money laundering scheme. Its a loser just like Tim Kaine and his scumbag son!
Ask HRC to go to WI.  Oh, I forgot, she was too busy planning her transition team.
https://coreystewart.nationbuilder.com/ 

We're asking you to protect health care with #singlepayer. Where's your fight?!
I called last week. Who should we call this week. Provide the names and I will call.
Something is very wrong if the wealthiest nation on earth can't have a world class health care system at least as good as Norway or Sweden
Totally! Will you push for #MedicareForAll so nobody dies from lack of healthcare though?
I'm asking you to swallow your pride and give America a debt free nation. Now have the courage to lead the way.
Will not happen in this administration.
With respect Sen. TK - we need you (all y'all legislators) to protect the Constitution and Republic - Dictator-Donald has got to go - period
make your voices heard, if you like your plan, keep it, or get the Congressional plan. ..
Help the Democrats and  Republicans to work together for a good plan.
Thank you for calling it #ACA
How about you take some action to actually stop this president. Lots of talk but very little action meanwhile trump dismantles our country
If democrats believe they get the majority back by running on an anti trump platform is going to work they are wrong People want real action
How about you stop tweeting and take real action against the so called POTUS? #Impeach45 #GameOfThrones #2018Midterms
On it!  They will not be allowed to take away healthcare for millions!
Drove my premiums up 235%
The ACA MUST BE repealed.   Horrible law. Assed on lies and fraud.  Nothing more than a transfer of wealth.  Illegal Aliens are enrolled.
Dems need to protest in more creative and dramatic ways.  Be bold.
IT's so easy!  Leave your name and zip code in ur msg.   202-224-3121 "no to aca repeal w/out bipartisan review" don't be afraid...i did it!
Thanks alot Norman!
REPEAL!!!!
does @timkaine do anything except lose?
Life expectancy dropped and costs are soaring... ACA is a complete failure.
No, they need to repeal
As GOP closes in to attack all social safety net, here's eloquent, factual voice of our most vulnerable. Must read.
Attacking the Social Safety Net https://rcooley123.wordpress.com/2012/11/05/attacking-the-social-safety-net/ …
Let it die on its own and put everyone on it off insurance. Smart you want to extortion more money from working people to pay for it.
Please do the same on our behalf and don't give up!
NEVER! Replace ACA ASAP! A bill passed by DEMS without reading! DEMS are the sole creators of poverty, stagnant economy & FAKE POLICY!
Please twitter the best way to get our voice heard. Email, twitter, phone call? The fastest way for impact.  Thank you.
I enjoyed reading about your corruption. http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/tim-kaine-virginia-veep-mcdonnell-clinton-224888 … #MAGA
How about the DemocrTs protecting health care!    What is law requires work to be supportable
cause these doubled premiums and quadrupled deductibles are great! 
Dems destroyed hcare. Current bills keep Obamacare's subsidies, Medicaid expansion, mandates, 5x prem for 50 & over. VOTERS WANT FULL REPEAL
Dems destroyed hcare for 300+ million to put 18 million on Medicaid. No longer have choice of dr or hospital. People can't afford treatments
We need to get the traitor out of our house before he destroys everything!
My useless #GA senators keep sending me my "piss off" letters, but I keep trying. #ACAWorks
Will do!
The best thing that can be done for healthcare (insurance) is to repeal the ACA. I know I will be healthier.  I am tired of paying for you.
No we're not dropping! Hey Timmy, it's because of people like u are in the mess we are! Millions will be losing INS  because Democratic part
CNN reporting that Manafort and Trump Jr will not be under oath when they testify behind closed doors. Tell them this is Unacceptable!
#Trexit
How does keeping the ACA "protect healthcare"? Government healthcare is neither HEALTHy, nor CAREful.
And the @SenateGOP and @HouseRepublican  need to start protecting our Country
Let's fix ACA issues like we should have been doing.  Repubs have had 6 years to come up with something better and cant.
You mean protect a failing ACA and obstruct. Good plan!
I had no idea insurance is healthcare. Will repealing Obamacare mean all the doctors and hospitals will go out of business?
No, America voted against you and your queen Hillary because 0bamacare is awful and we want it repealed. It's dead Timmy.
We need you to work with both sides and fix ACA a flawed bill at best

I had the best results with R call desks finding common ground. We all have family, friends, loved ones in need. Tell your story!
Why? They don't care what we think.
.@JeffBezos I'm waiting for @amazonprimenow to offer Health Insurance so I can sign up and forget the stupid @GOP and #Trumpcare
Seems that #GOP is falling apart under "leadership" of #Trump, so let them Implode and hope that #Pence is Complicit!
It's repeal of Obamacare not ACA.
I will be asking them to protect healthcare alright. #repealobamacare
#Dems need 2 Fight 4 #SinglePayer!
Who listens to us?  Really?  Truly?
On it! I heard you on NPR last week and was inspired to keep calling. Thank you.
How about the democrats stop accepting big donor money, fight for universal health care that is in place in every other first world country
Remember GOP you will Own the Healthcare Bill ,and the #Resistance  will   =GOP    GET OUT POLITICS  2018
Full repeal now!
Repeal!
I am confused one day you want to work w/ GOP on health care and on another you to GOP to drop AHCA which is it dude?
Go work
But what happens when ACA finishes imploding?
Come up with an alternative that works after repeal.
Your party really screwed things up with obamacare. Don't be a dick, fix your mistake
Senator Rubio refuses to speak to me. For 76 days.
Tim Kaine...the suburban Dad on the down low.
I'm fighting everyday to make my child's voice & the many others like her heard to protect them from this #HealthcareBill
Yes, ask the GOP to please not kill is.
Text "Resist" to 50409 to fax your Senators in addition to calling!
Done! AGAIN! 
Awesome
Repeal or Be Replaced.
Thanks Senator @timkaine  for having our backs in #Virginia #usw #Democrat #medicare4all #2020
I have an idea, let's do stuff that's good for Americans, that would be crazy!
Except I want to get rid of govt hc and have you all work on driving down costs to make it affordable for everyone
Repeal, repeal, repeal!!!
We can't make it with ACA it's too expensive.The insurance companies are crushing us & you're taking their side right along with GOP.#HR676
The American people are so tired of this &the shameless acts of the http://republicans.how  many times do we have to go through this
No stand firm republicans
#SaveACA
ACA FAILED to make healthcare affordable or improve access or care. Need free market system for long term viability
At stake: democratic republic, or fall to totalitarianism.

Rs want oligarchic enrichment & dominionism, not human rights not common good.
"Ask?" No. Demand.
Sen Kaine it's time *you* get behind #MediCareForAll
Think of constituents' needs, not corporate sponsors.
Make America Great- for everyone.
Step down. You voted for and created the failed and unaffordable ACA
I will be calling daily

Failure of ACA &  healthcare system as a whole is a result of  w /importance 2 destroy Obama than improving healthcare 4  citizens.
@RobWittman doesn't care what constituents say. Refuses to meet w/us or represent our interests in DC. Next Nov, our voices will be heard.
Protest in their front yard if you have to
@sue8bling I don't have to worry about Cartwright and Casey here in PA but Toomey?? DOESN'T EVEN ANSWER PHONE!
No Obamacare is the worst thing that happened to us , that's why you all exempt yourself from it
u got it Mr Kaine!!
I am. I'm calling Mitch McConnell every day to get his Senators together and Repeal and Replace this atrocity called Obamacare! Americans!
What is wrong with the GOP and this picture? How many times do we have to fight this?
Maybe if you would talk about a viable replacement or fix something would get done you can't just resist that goes nowhere
It doesn't work, numb-nuts
I am so sick of begging GOP not to kill us.  We are beyond the breaking point. Enough is enough.


Well Tim, why don't you vote to repeal, and then suggest an economically viable system.
You got it. 
Full repeal!!
Not ask . 2018 begin voting them out for voting yes!!!!
Free market should replace Obozocare.  Put in existing conditions & a few other protections then repeal. Govt shouldn't have control. #MAGA
