disappointed in him every day!
This action by the president today is a significant and powerful step in unleashing the American Energy Renaissance.
Don't talk bad about POTUS after your thug son was arrested!

We will not leave the White House until Donald Trump stop playing games with our democracy, we need to make Donald Trump fear us.
Senator I have a feeling which hits me to see Donald Trump making life and death decisions and this is not making America great.
Rick Perry going to run Department on Coal? why not Wood. trees who needs um. Hamster Wheels? poor guy=forgot own Dept.
dissapointed your still here Tim
don't be disappointed. Be outraged!
trump better give the coal miners good health care they are going to need it
And you're surprised at broken promises? #draintheswamp #medicare #taxreturns
He is a LIAR. Straight up. Makes me sick he would pull this stunt. Endangers all of our childrens future
@NelidaBurgos1 @POTUS because Trump is a liar who does not care about anything but himself, Ivanka and Putin
He's a con artist. He's confused, a delinquent, a fraud, a Putin surrogate, a disgrace, n shouldn't b in d WH as President.
Don't be disappointed, do something about it.
This action by the president is a significant and powerful step in unleashing the USA Energy Renaissance.
Reminds me of Reagan story where he removed the solar panels from the WH because Carter put them in. Why not embrace this much needed change
When you do something out of love, you don't count the cost. -> @RelatabIeTweetz <-
has broken every promise he made. He's a vile excuse for a human
Disappointed but not surprised.
Disappointed, but are you surprised?
taking us backwards is not a vision or strategy, it's lack of new ideas.  Been there, done that!
@margokingston1 @POTUS missed that one amongst some of his other loony promises
. This is so he can get even richer by charging us for water and clean air to live, didnt you know he thinks he is King
How about OUTRAGED? I'm completely outraged he has the power to reverse progress to save our planet. Stand up for our families!
I think now is the right time and take action by shutting Donald Trump down at the White House and and declare him a prisoner.
trump is nothing but a liar.
There is no Make America Great Again, this is now "Make America Weak Again" by putting our country in Jeopardy.
Saying goes:" He who has d gold sets d rules" & Pres. Trump has d gold & he gets 2 set d rules like Pres Obama #settherules
This nonsense with "Make America Great Again" was a phony lie to begin with as Donald Trump engaged in the destruction of the USA.
What Donald Trump is doing to our country is far worse, he wants to weaken this nation for it to collapse and destroyed.
Did Obamas policies actually help the environment? I think not
He has no idea what he is doing. Legislate around him. Make him irrelevant whenever possible. Take his headlines.
I think all the Trump supporters should feel the betrayal inside their minds and see what Donald Trump has done to them.
Today. Cleaner today and ever day hence.
He doesn't GAS as long as he's making money.
more money for the super rich who own all the factories and oil.
Disappointed but not surprised.
Why just coal miners back to work?Why not whalers, buggy whip makers,outhouse builder,switchboard operators,screw progress!
another sad day for Mother Earth and our children's children.
@MarkWarner  @Scotttaylorva does Congress want to right this wrong?
what's another broken promise.He is @SpeakerRyan puppet as well as Russia & his ego can't take any of Obamas great policies
but not surprised, I'm sure. How long is he going to be given to demoralIze and destroy us?
Plenty of coal for Christmas stockings
Unless China's air quality gets better, and also California's, our air quality East of Interstate 15 will be bad.
Yes, but by now we all know that 45 is a liar. His promises mean nothing.
Thank you for working to promote a clean energy future. What can we do to stop his agenda?
i dont think anyone in America is surprised by potus' disgusting decision on clean air and water
be more than disappointed.  Do something monumental to counteract!
#did u ever "believe" a word he said during the campaign?! He's liar-in-chief! We have to protect the environment, not him!
Disappointment won't help.
He's not doing anything. All he's doing is playing golf and watching Fox News!
He didn't make any promises - all he did was spew lies. He had NO intention of following thru - or can't.
Potus, you are proving you don't care about us. Clean air is WALL b/t life & death for asthmatics.
He lies; why do people blindly follow him still?! WWIII looms
If you believe this guy Senator Kaine. I think you will be disappointed a lot.
when will they cuff him and take him away?
#Resist
He hadn't yet to keep any campaign promises.   Nothing but a liar
Trump? Break a promise? You jest? Who cares about the sanctity of wildlife and air and water and American land
@CeleryCaraway @POTUS he lies, but we already knew that..
So disheartening. Grateful that you are opposed to this EO but I just don't understand why this even has to be a fight.
woohoo go TRUMP!!!
its murder
the most disgusting places are the Indian Reservations across the USA,  the more we give them the bigger slobs,they become
Indian Reservations  are big mistake government  made they  need to go away.
Indian Reservations  just bleed our government of money, they feel entitled, they are lazy,and pollute  the environment,
Yeah, who ever thought he'd break a promise? #keepitclean
but not surprised
what promise has he kept!!! Please let's get him outta there sooner than later!!! #Resist
I hope u can get this overturned as a asthmatic clean air has kept me healthy. DJT seem 2only care about $ not about people.
Sir, you are being too kind. Come on, get mad!
Not surprised. Once a con always a con. That is what DJT is
Trump is a professional promise breaker. He only wants to help the 1% of wealthy Americans...oh, and Bannon...
Promote the rules equally across all industries instead of selectively attacking one
Don't Be we all new what he is capable of doing and who cares
He's broken every promise because he's a lying, four-flushing boil on the ass of humanity.
he is just lifting bans that promote global warming nonsense
it is an "alternative" to clean air and water.
Most of us are "disappointed" that @POTUS is doing all kinds of squirrelly things. Disappointed but not surprised.
but not shocked I hope.  This is what he promised - he is one sick person.
Yeah, who cares about coal mines dumping debris into creeks?? The environment is of no consequence, not compared to MONEY.
My disabled daughter and myself that is recovering from Cacner #2 are really scared we will die and no one cares about us
When did he ever promis cleaner air and water?  His entire campaign was anti-regulation & climate change denial.
terrible Trump policy- threatens our lives and national security. How much stock does Trump have in coal? #TaxReturns
I agree Sen. Kaine.  We have a moral obligation to make our world a cleaner, better place. Not 2 keep destroying it.
There should be ZERO EO's while that treasonous SOB is being investigated!!
Trump detached from reality. Coal only produces 70 jobs vs renewable energy 650K. #ScorchedEarthPolicy while regime goes down in
Disappointed. But not the least bit surprised.
He must hate his grandkids. Out world is going to shit!
You're exhaling carbon right now. Stop breathing if you really think it's a pollutant.
You cannot be shocked. #LyingPOTUS
This is insane. We need to be leaders into a new age, not losers back to an old one. I fault the lack of vision at WH. smh.
have I been watching a different shitshow? He never promised that and sweetie, that ship has sailed. Get Traitor out of WH
Figure Trump out ,wants to do away with the aca then do away with regulations that help us stay healthy .
stand strong &vote no on gorsuch.He's terrible for the country.And once trump faces trial he may decide his fate #NoGorsuch
has he kept any of his promises??
Maybe we can invest in some whaling fleets and be all blubbery again?
@ProudlyLiberal2 @POTUS I'm disappointed that Dem Congress isn't doing more to stop Pres Twitler! Damn I'm so mad @POTUS is STUPID
Maybe they can mine on his golf courses.  That I might like to see.
, are you talking about @POTUS not promoting "clean coal", which by the way doesn't exist?
He is a liar and con-man and the truth will prevail. It must. DJT is a monster.
Tim SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE DONE BEFORE HE DESTROYS OUR COUNTRY!!! IMPEACH!!!
So sad that so many are just standing by allowing treasonous Trump to destroy our country.
Disappointed? Outraged, so sad for our children's futures. Sickened by this horde of brainless hooligans
absolutely disgusted by the EO signed today.
crazy that he thinks time travel back 50 years or so is the way forward....
Senator-why don't you propose an alternative energy company to hire coal miners? If I can think of that, well, gee...
It was part of their platform to retrain them for alt energy industry. They chose to vote backward -
He continues to lie about the jobs on #KeystonePipeline and amount of American made steel. The big loser is our environment
his goal is to keep his friends in the money. That is it.. Clean air is for poor people.
All this buddies will be so happy from all that mo eye they will make. Then we will all die because the earth will die. FUN
Disappointed yes, but not surprised, I'm sure.
you're not disappointed, your just being kind! You meant to say "he's the disappointment you knew he would be."
And he lies about "American made". Well, he lies every time he opens his mouth
It is going to be difficult to have both, maybe there is Fairy Dust ready to sprinkled over the WH. @indivisibletxjc
I'd be more surprised if he KEPT a promise these days. Keep up the good work, Senator.
disappointed, yes. surprised? no.
I think "disappointed" is too weak a word. I am ANGRY, I am FRIGHTENED, and I am SICKENED.
get a grip
Noone should b surprised trump lives in 1952
