Obamacare premiums will go up 60% in the state of Virginia next year
This is what happens when a room full of White men make healthcare decisions for women #DeathcareBill
They should call it a #NoCareForHealth proposal.
How many could no longer "keep their Dr." under OC? Nothing is perfect but OC will crash the system.
SURE SUCKS THAT THE POOR PEOPLE WILL FINALY QUIT SUCKING UP OUR TAX DOLLARS . HEÈEEEEE HAAAAAA !
The @GOP is using every dirty trick in the book 2 remove protesters & keep people out of hearings what R they hiding
You know who else had disabled people "removed" from public forums @senorrinhatch #Hitler https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/912379939114164224 …
Not take away, revise for the better.
It can't take away something from ppl that don't pay, as it was never theirs to take, Tim. Where did you get the estimated number?
Maybe by 2026 they will have a job and pay for their on insurance. They have 9 years to start looking !
These politicians behind this bill are criminals and need to pay for their deceit
It’s a travesty!!!
And when Obama care implods, everyone will have to pay politicians love to raise taxes and blame the other party
how many lost plan and doctor under the big ACA lie...and cannot afford what is available
"Take away," ie, allow people to drop expensive crap insurance you force them to buy.
If u guys let Trump take away this then posterity will never forgive all the law makers in the USA .This is the time to fight for the people
Typo. They meant wealth care.
Let's just call it what it is: The Death Panel Act.
My mom didn't ask for arthritis and I didn't ask for asthma. Genes can't be controlled.
This statement is out if context, Senator. These 21m people were put on healthcare thru obamacare on the backs of hard working Americans.
How can u call Obamacare a healthcare plan! Know someone who pays $400mo, 6,000 deductible. THIS IS WHAT U SUPPORT TIMMY BOY! Moran
Let's write into law that whenever GOP want to chge healthcare they have the same coverage as the rest of us!
Let's make all the Government workers have our health care insurance
GOP LIESwhilelives depend on ACA. All to keep Koch Bros $$coming. Blatant @GOP malfeasance, pink slips heading to @GOP ballot boxes.
The Dems are making the insurance company very rich no competition we all pay and pay and pay
The same way you do Obamacare
Insurance is never healthcare. That said, I have lost my insurance 3 times thanks to #ACA. Each time I replace, the more $$$ it costs.
MT "#GrahamCassidy doesn't cover health" infact it's a slash & burn #Koch_supported anti #Medicaid bill
It's not healthcare. It's a death sentence.
Screw insurance. Your Obamacare took away MY healthcare.
Same way we called Obamacare the affordable Care act.
ARE ALL ILLEGALS TURNED AWAY AT DOCTOR AND HOSPITALS OR DO THEY BRING INSURANCE WITH THEM FROM FOREIGN COUNTRY
YOU START PAYING MY PREMIUM TO PROVE YOU CARE, IT'S ONLY 1250.00 PER MONTH AND THAT'S HARD FOR A WIDOW WITH NO JOB
LIAR
Take away or not mandate purchase at high price? How many won't have if ins companies drop out? Haven't heard those numbers yet.
Hell Care
It isn't about health care - it's a playground fight between Trump and the work Obama did for America.
Exactly! My family thanks you for opposing!
We can't. Thank you for opposing it, Senator.
The ACA increased # of insureds,even in @BillCassidy 's state.
Don’t let the facts get in the way Tim. The CBO says millions will choose to drop government health insurance the first chance they get!
It's a health care less bill.
Hey, I heard 32 million. But what's tens of millions of folks w/o insurance in the face of advancing socialism?
How many of the 21 mill didn't want health insurance?
How about the working people that had their health care triple in cost and now struggle to make it.
Please continue to stand and fight for us.
Because it gives more power back to the states. Where it belongs.
You're right! Geez, you can't even call it a cost reduction bill. Just call it what it is: Republican Childish Spite.
You keep calling the ACA affordable,  soooo.
Republicans Don't Care Health Bill
Lies.  It would stop forcing people to buy what they do not want.  and O'Care only insures 8 million and falling.
how could your party call a bill the "Affordable Care Act" when it jacked up rates and deductibles through the roof?
#GrahamCassidy = #Deathcare
What about the people who have to PAY the gov because they cant afford the damn Obam care ! The gov stealing from poor people
How about the 40 million of american's who can't afford Obamacare or have NO insurance,  Remember the one's who pay taxes..
Because the GOP will say anything an uninformed Americans will buy into it. Read the details
It is not Grassidy, it is Casham.
kill that bill and repeal ACA. Oh but you want more govt in healthcare. Keep on buying votes you'll be voted out soon.
Tim-How concerned is the Party that Sen menendez might actually get into some trouble for all his Wild'ing?We have to get him off somewhow
We can't.  It is a wealth-care bill.  Big tax cuts to the uber-wealthy while making the rest of us poorer and unhealthier.
how can they claim to want real order and do this - I thought graham was a hero - but he is a Zero - he is a blow hard for #DotardTrump
#SaveACA
Wake up it's a hell of a lot better then Obama care which you stuck us with
@timkaine, I don't know how anyone in good conscience can vote for @LindseyGrahamSC's & @BillCassidy's horrible piece of legislation????
Death panel bill
That’s what Obamacare does you Dunceocrat.
Could you please speak face to face with Ms Collins today.  Thank you
Health-we-don’t-care policy!
Because if there's but one thing that CONMENservatives R good at is redefining words so they mean the opposite of what they used to mean.
Has GOPer looked at healthcare from the perspective of the person in need of healthcare? Which, sooner or later, is probably everyone.
Consider the GOP case. It makes the body politic healthier by culling the herd. Bonus feature: the dead will be predominantly Dems.
And they will still vote
Good point. As someone who has lived in 5 states, I shutter to think what 50 state plans would look like.
We can't, #GrahamCassidyBill isn't a health care bill, it's just another Senate GOP sick joke.
#GrahamCassidyNOhealthcareproposal!
There are 100 of you. That's less than many college football teams. There is no excuse in letting America lose with Healthcare. Captain up!
I don't when calling, I call it a health tax cut bill
You're still talking? Please attach proof since your history of lies from if you like your doctor you can keep your doctor was crap.
#FakeNews
You sir are wrong you need to READ IT
Awesome! I pay for mine. These people can too.
Thank you for continuing to speak out. So proud you are my Senator.
It's not healthcare it is a death sentence especially to people like me with preexisting conditions. 
#iamapreexistingcondition #SaveOurACA
Get rid of money-hungry insurance companies as a party to healthcare. They are your biggest problem of all.
You jammed this down our throats . Not bi-partisan.straight party line vote .  #Liars and have NO intention of working to #RepealAndReplace
Not that I care what you think..but this gets my point across #EpicFailObamaCare is. Do your homework..and see who is NOt exempt #NoMandates

#NoToGrahamCassidy #NoTrumpcare #StopTrump
Obamacare took health insurance from me and my family. But why consider tax payers.
It’s not Trumpcare. It’s Trumpwins
My son became ill with schizo-affective disorder bipolar type at age 23. Unable to work. Needs Medicaid!! #NoGrahamCassidy #TheResistance
So you think someone else should pay for you like a family that cant afford their prems or deducts. Everybody Plunders everybody Socialism.
It would be better to continue to force them to buy sub-standard #ObamaCare policies at exorbitant prices?
if you like your plan, you can keep it, if you can afford it...I want your plan timmy...
The same way some call you a Senator.... both are jokes perpetuated on the American people
It's not health care, neither is Obamacare. We're talking about health insurance
he is a dr So took an oath to do no harm. Come on AMA strike him off before he kills people
I have a question as a born American & indigenous to this land why R we talking health care and kneeling when there’s a Terrorist in the WH
Damn good question!!
I'll buy my own health insurance, you buy yours, for people that can't afford it, charity or what do we call it now, tax subsidies
Dems& GOP both R stupid& foolish. Back 2009, Dems didn't outreach2 GOP& Pelosi said "Pass it & then Read it". We citizens R paying the price
Perhaps more fitting a "health neglect" proposal?
Honesty runs in your family. How's your son doing in prison?
Democrats have always been known to lie lie lie
We need to move towards "proactive" and "predictive" medicine.  Today, everything we do is "reactive".  Reduce costs & coverage for everyone
There aren't that many on Obamacare now.
You can only if you are a GOP donor not a voter
AARP's analysis confirms this:

http://www.aarp.org/content/dam/aarp/ppi/2017/09/graham-cassidy-legislation-threatens-affordable-coverage-for-older-americans.pdf …
They were all in on the aca also if you trust them just do nothing they were in full support of the aca so it must be good
Can't
Let's call is a death sentence
#deathparty
That's a lie, it just needs to be recertified in 2026
No lie.
Republican talking point. How about we fix the broken one instead of replacing it with a really bad one that mostly everyone in HC opposes 
Okay.
IF YOU LIKE YOUR DOCTOR YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DOCTOR
IF YOU LIKE YOUR HEALTHCARE PLAN, YOU CAN KEEP YOUR HEALTHCARE PLAN #Obamacare
