Please do! Get this going fast!
#NEVERRepealACA #ImproveACADontREPEALit
Oh Tim I thought ACA was perfect -why do you need to work on "fixes"?
The get off you A$$ and start working with congress to fix it.  My $7k deductible might appreciate it.
It's time to carry the Party of Trump.  They can't do this on their own.  They don't know how to Govern.
Please help Dems be prepared with fix possibilities prior to the opportunity presenting itself.  Don't repeat Republican's unreadiness.
Funny, I'm hearing repeal. I guess the people you hear are the ones in your head.
PLEASE GET TOGETHER WITH YOUR CAUCUS AND PUSH A BILL NOW WHILE GOP IS IN DISARRAY.  SEIZE THE NARRATIVE. - VA voter.
Americans voted to repeal and replace the ACA as it FAILED to control costs, improve access or quality of healthcare #unfixable
Suggest look for ways to make buying ins more appealing for <30. Maybe phase in full cost of premiums?
Like before aca was passed
Senator, I am a Virginian who for the first time is without insurance.  I can't get ACA until Nov.  And Medicade is not avail.
It won't be true but Tim will somehow blame your situation on the Republicans...just a heads uo
It's way past time for Universal Health Care, like every other Industrial Nation
Okay I'll let you pay my tax increase like every other industrial nation.
So you admit ACA is garbage? There's a step!
Wow. You really don't comprehend the difference btw junking a car and having a tuneup?  SMH
It was garbage from the beginning. I quote Jonathan Gruber, "we depended on the stupidity of the American people to pass the bill"
Jonathan Gruber is the architect of ObamaCare
Term limits for Congress. Put in place Restrictions on the price gouging of insurance and big pharma companies By order of We The People.
Virginians dont speak for the entire country
#RepealObamacare  #Obamacare failed  #Healthcare
Why didn't Dems improve the ACA over the last 8 years?  It has to be repealed, so it can never reappear.  This is the obstruction.
My premiums have tripled. Deductibles sky high. Lost pediatrician last year. Thanks dummy.
Thats not what you're hearing. But you will hear it loudly when you're up for re-election. You don't listen. Time for real leaders for Va.
This Virginian wants 2 c bipartisan discussions & a plan to help American's-not punish them or put them in peril with political junk.
Yes Senator Kaine, this is what should be done. Dems and Republicans work together to make health care better for all.
You passed this legislation with America saying NO to it. You didnt care then. Why improve now? No, its too late. New reps coming soon.
Yes, yes, yes!
Those Virginians, they all work in your office?
Yes, improve not repeal.
You haven't bothered to "work on fixes together" yet Timmy, why the big rush now??
Thank you Mr. Kaine!!!
Yes Tim Kaine keep it going and remember you're still my vice President Trump is bad for our country
Boom, yes!
Then why isn't that happening?
Will they listen? Seems like Trump is pushing it through at all costs...but miracles do happen
If by improve, you mean single payer. This is what the American people deserve and demand. If you can't do it, get out.
You are not hearing that from this Virginian. ACA must be repealed!!!
ACA has failed. Miserably
Ex Virginian says fix it@
Why did it take you seven years to realize that?
"No part of this law may be changed" keeps you from changing it in any way! Just ask SCOTUS! You should have READ it before sending it to BO
#NeverRepeal
#FixACA
#RepairNotRepeal
WE WANT MEDICARE FOR ALL BUT SUDDENLY YOU CANT READ OR ACKNOWLEDGE THAT 
@GetBZLiving Sad at how long they obstructed, doubtful they will do it in a bipartisan way, but worth a try. Be watchful of them!
You just don't know how still my heart felt for a few seconds after I read this. Thank you, but I won't feel completely settled until done 
Will you work on Paul Toomey for me?
#FixItDontNixIt
Tell that to Goodlatte lol
All of this
#SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAllNow
Thank you Senator for continuing to fight for us! Never back down!
pay back fannie and freddie. ..
This constituent wants it repealed
And it's still the most successful new government program in how many decades? Keep up the good work!
Sen. Kaine, plz pull rank and take the lead in the DNC, we need you and you speak our language.  #Virginian  born and bred.
Please do!
Yes, please.
Both sides MUST work together on healthcare. They work 4 us. I cannot go to my job and refuse to work with people who don't think like me.
Bingo! Bango! 
Please...
Not only do @physicianwomen agree, but we want to help!  What can we tell you about what we see & do each day?
Thank you, Senator.
not this Virginian.
So now dems want to work together?????
Where were you the last 8 years, when you KNEW Obamacare needed help?
Thanks for listening to your constituents!!
Can't improve a failure! Obamacare is a failure just like Obama! Both failures!

REPEAL OBAMACARE
99.9% of comments about healthcare on Toomey's page are AGAINST Trumpcare, but he continues to support it. He's not listening to us! Help!
The Koch boys are not paying him to listen.
Sadly, that is true. It's just so frustrating.
I wish I could say I have hope for this to happen, but I don't.
So do it! Start announcing your plan! Schedule a meet with R's. We need to see action or R's are going to run with it.
Verbiage repeal / improve.   Just fix it



#ProtectOurCare for the good of the cntry. @SenateGOP Listen to your constituents. This is not @GOP v. @SenateDems issue. #Bipartisan work.
So many great things, let's work together and make it amazing!!
Tim our party needs to put forward the plan in the next month that will fix all of the issues with ACA
What the people really want is #MedicareForAll / #SinglePayer
Yes please!!! And thank you!
What we need is single payer. That is the only solution that makes sense.
Thank you! Proud to have you standing up for us. ACA saved my life when I lost employer coverage during cancer treatment. We matter.
Time democrats tell it straight and stay on message.The GOP rather see affordable healthcare FAIL & kill 32 million citizens.Tweak ACA.
Pro tip: A failed govt health care program cannot be fixed by throwing more govt money at it and another govt program. Free market.
Repair ACA. 
Work together. 

We'll have what the Senate and 
House have for coverage? 

Universal HealthCare? Most 
Countries have it?
It's working. Fine tune it. Why reinvent the wheel and go thru start-up again?
Senator please don't get tricked again into believing that you can trust Republicans to work with you. When are you guys going to wake up?
make healthcare fair and STOP the punishment PENALTY MANDATE TAX on young PPL
Repeal it.
Have you seen/read the most recent dreadful iteration of the GOP replace bill and the cost estimate?? It will be  catastrophic.
Time for Dems.& Gop to unite & repair ACA.Approach to Gop & work for our benefit.Time to put discrepancies away.Leave Trump outside of this!
Something needs to be done. You'll all be America's Heroes if you fix healthcare for all. Every developed Nation has Universal Care but us!
@timkaine Isn't @POTUS via #Constitution supposed to uphold #ACA law? To not let it fail, not sabotage? Can he be impeached on that?
The GOP keeps turning away. Spineless on ethics, corruption,emoluments laws and our safety. Maniacal Joffrey in the WH.
For the hundredth time where is your alternate plan?
VA should've signed up for ACA's #CFCO to enhance #HCBS through #Medicaid & save $. You should cosponsor DIA S910
Here in Michigan also. Hard working families at minimum wage jobs- locked in poverty forever if no affordable Hcare. Cancer patns need Tx
Yet you still support democrats
The only thing that was wrong with ACA is failure in legislation to include cap on premiums, deductibles, co pays, drugs. Coverage is +++
Single payer.
STOP LYING! I'm a Virginian and NOONE is saying fix or keep ACA! We want REPEAL/REPLACE ASAP!!! You're only pleasing yourself, NOT us!
So you hear nothing on single payer Senator...?!
I have reached out multiple times to Sen Rounds and begged him to talk about improving our existing LAW Of The LAND
Repeal Ocare! Don't improve it! That's Just newspeak for more intrusion into our lives! #RepealDontReplace #DoYourJob
Transform it into gold. Do alchemy and your intention aids you. "Work together" is popping up all around. Feel your collective mind thriving
Not all Virginians.  You are just choosing to ignore those of us who want govt out of health care.

Time for all Congressional pirates 2 "parley" & work together 2 fix parts not working-tell everyone to respect each other & share solutions!
That wouldn't free up money for their perversely  rich and soulless donors.
Thats what the replace bill essentially was. It brought back most of Obamacare with "improvements". but you wouldn't even consider talks.
The same problems today are the same problems past 7 years why haven't you worked to fixed it then? Now all of a sudden you want to work
No he wants to create and he has had the faith in himself to allow a new perspective and vision to bloom. There's a time for everything.
And please, don't make me explain that time is a wibbly wobbly thing hidden under linear illusion.
;D <3
We need a single payer fed option. Some kind of reins on the profit, profit, profit drivers.
THANKS FOR LISTENING
You suck! The main purpose of ObamaCare was 4 it to fail so a single payer system would be developed!
You need to fight harder for us! We are in peril! This man is destroying America before our eyes!
Thank you for all of your hard work for Virginians and for America, @timkaine!
Please remind the current resident at the WH that both Democtric  and Republican, public officials work for their Constituents, not him.
And Virginia is lucky to have you. I don't live there, but I envy them.
Don't.  Some of us can't stand @timkaine
@physicianwomen agree with you
I disagree, get rid of it and come back with a single-payer option. Just about every other developed nation has done it, why not us?
Because we have far more people than those out her countries.  The bill would be exponentially higher.  Best to drive down costs regulate.
Wouldn't we then also have a bigger base to collect funds from to pay for a single payer system?
Single payer?  Total Washington control?  Why even talk with the crew that screwed it up the first time!
Exactly
The ACA is a good start, modify into single payer or something similar.
so then give us the the $$$... You've already drained all my accounts... pretty soon you will have NO taxpayers to pay for all your freebies
