My letter with other moderate Democrats asking GOP to abandon rush to repeal the #ACA and #MakeAmericaSickAgain https://www.scribd.com/document/335723851/Moderate-Senate-Democrats-Letter-to-McConnell-Alexander-and-Hatch-on-Fast-Track-Repeal-of-the-Affordable-Care-Act?secret_password=r3pyv7N9jZUQHgnlKzVW …
Would require zero input from pharm lobby.  Pray you can get this done
No, there isn't. When Dems call for resistance, leftist groups attack the right and leftist supporters shoot at GOP, you made your bed.
The biggest obstructionist on Capitol Hill is McConnell.
I missed the vote on the GOP amendments offered to the ACA. Oh yeah, they were not allowed. Small hands
Enact  #AmeriCare Health Care Act of 2009
It's time to #unite across party lines and make sure that all Americans have healthcare. Without #ACA I would have died last year.
If you had one ounce of morals you would work to fix healthcare rather then letting it fail and to play politics you are shameful
Bottom line is to improve affordability and financial safety. Reducing premiums and deductibles, cover all conditions, prevent bankruptcy.
Just like when u guys deliberated with GOP? 
Thank you @timkaine
The mandate must go it's killing middle class
Finally something sensible.  Keep pushing and publicizing the push.
That's the thing. Only adults are working on this. You're busy resisting and obstructing, remember?!
You were soooo willing to listen 8 years ago huh?
Why not you show your leadership and team up with Alaska Senator and start toward a bipartisan solution.
This is correct. Thanks Tim
@glennasonly everyone, except the GOP leadership, knows there is common ground.
In EU medical professionals are trained in turn for public service. This makes sense.
Senator, no way GOP accepts a non-profit single payer system & there's too much need for any other system to be viable. Scandinavian Model.
YES! @SenateGOP work with the @SenateDems for the good of ALL the People. Make things better not worse! That is what we need.
#termlimits
Repeal ACA. Work on cost of health care. Insurance costs will go down. No mandate. My PERSONAL ACA pmt is 1/3 of TOTAL household income.
Remind me why we need for-profit insurance companies?
Thanks Tim Kaine! ACA with some revisions is the answer!
That would be nice but you Dems are the party of NO!
You want nationalized health care. We don't. Explain the common ground.
Democrats if you really want to help all hurting ppl stand up & REPEAL the PUNISHMENT PENALTY MANDATE! and let ppl live
Prevention dollars, which contribute to reducing rising healthcare costs by millions yearly, which ACA invests in, should be one area.
ACA repeal is what we want. Stop the redistribution of wealth. You buy votes to make it seem like you care. You could care less
ACH must be Repeal and replaced. Flawed and failed legislation. Dems own this mess.
Sadly @timkaine, the GOP wants tax cuts for the rich even more than they ever want to improve actual health care.Need common goals for convo
We love you for offering to deliberate with the GOP committee again! Keep it up, Sen. Kaine! #bipartisanisbetter
Dem ran the office when Obama Bin Isis was in. Now let Rep run office while Trump is in.
For the People, Not the Gov!
A very reasonable approach
Why is it ok for one party to rush and not the other Tim?
Medicare for all!!!
Sadly, I doubt enough of the US and its leaders have grown to appreciate your compassionate, pragmatic, principled  approach to governing.
I would love to see Dems come up with a counter plan addressing the flaws in ACA, you guys have had lots of time to prepare this!
If they had done this at the outset it would have been a done deal and could have moved on to other issues
I don't remember Democrats reaching out to GOP to pass Obamacare.
The way #Democrats DIDN'T with #Obamacare?
Can dems put out a package on proposed ACA changes?  Does this already exist?  Let's take the lead on bipartisanship! #healthcare
I like common sense.
Hey, @POTUS, remember all your tweets accusing Democrats of not working with the Reprehensibles on healthcare?  Guess those were fake tweets
Proposal ?????? 

You been making this such a issue?

Obama exchanges are disappearing!

What are YOU doing about it???
You are a child.
Thank you Tim, keep driving the point home! America from both sides of the aisle is behind this!
InspiraTIMon
What are you doing to get premiums and deductables down?  Enough with your government handouts.
They are not smart enough to see the benefits of that for their party reputation. They lied so much about ACA, now stuck with lies.
Sir,  you should extend that to the less moderate as well... I'm sure everyone at this point is willing to take 2 steps toward center.
Thank you, Senator. There is common ground. Put aside politics and keep America covered.
We saw your plan. It's called Obamacare which you rammed down our throats u had your chance and blew it. So we don't need your help
Mitch McConell has said he does not want Dems on board.
@GOP Greed & Pride @ expense of American Healthcare/Lives~Shameful!! Vote NO #AHCA @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
@renee_roederer Tim Kaine, moderate DemocratNow that's funny. 
Where is the common ground with these animals?
And as President Obama said, call the new law whatever you want
Reality is You are not trustable!
Not when the Democrats proudly call themselves "the resistance"
Please . I'm a Democratic    Please 
Medicaid for all please!
FIGHT THE PARTY OF HATE !!! GOP GREED OVER PRINCIPAL
@chucktodd this is for you; Dems have been trying since January! You might report that!
Let them call it Romneycare so they leave it alone. Clearly they only respond to ridiculous solutions, so it might work.
are there any moderate republicans with which to work?  It is sad that we are left and right and there is no middle
Well you should tell @SenSchumer because he is spewing vial rhetoric
Keep making it hard for them to say no to partisan work!

Too bad @POTUS and the @SenateGOP doesn't seem willing to put country before party.
Agree...the secrecy was insulting and divisive. GOP seriously failed here as legislators and in the realm of human kindness.
Just remember this: Americans are not in the least interested in being forced to have Healthcare & penalized if not. It's unAmerican.
Single payer.
Republican Teddy Roosevelt proposed best universal health plan (modified Bismarck model; see Germany) in 1912. Look it up—it could work.
Why don't you throw both out, and start from scratch working together? You politicians act like children.  Grow up.
Why don't you prepare a bill with moderate R's to fix ACA? Don't wait to be asked. #wehavetobeforsomething
You do not speak for Dems. Or amyone else as far as I see. The dems announced they wanted nothing to do with it so you and your buddies out
How's this for common ground: Both plans stink; drop AHCA and let ACA die and get govt out of health care business it knows nothing about.

#OpiumakaOpioid: Reached our shores @ & epidemic level. Becoming the choice of drug for most Caucasian brothers & sisters. Care is health! 
Thank you for all you do!
Offer a suggestion to choose Medicare for all w/ an equal monthly individual premium for all, plus an add-on menu you must pay extra for.
GOP IS THE PARTY OF HATE !! THEY HATE THE SICK! POOR ! AND THE OLD !!!! THEY LOVE THE RICH! TRUMP ACTS LIKE A DICTATOR !!!!!
Why do you can run to the press whining?
Quest: Since the Pres isn't above the law can we sue for obstruction of justice???
They will never play nice @timkaine
@GOP doesn't want healthcare reform. It doesn't care about people (except donors and top .1%). ACA can be improved.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP @HouseGOP  Please explain to the President that the @dscc @HouseDemocrats are willing to work with you
ACA was created 2be EXPLOITED by NEANDERTHALS who think other humans are here 2 exploit via #Eugenics #OrganHarvesting #SecretScience
Hope future negotiations will take into consideration that insurance is not healthcare, only a part of it. 
Americans should have the best .
Good move. Dems need to be proactive.
Thank you for representing Virginia and our nation with class, sir.
Why don't you stop whining and work with GOP on improving the AHCA? After all you Dems lost
MM/Ryan don't care about health care. They DO care about freeing money in the budget to help fund their tax cuts. AHCA a means to an end.
Improve and expand it the #ACA don't repeal and replace with draconian @gop "plan" #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA #MedicareForAll
What would you propose?
My message to Democrats & Republicans, stop playing money & politics with our health! We the People should be taken care of! It's our money!
Sadly they're only taking time to get more PAC money lined up to sway the dissenting GOP members
she has impossible job of putting lipstick on #drumpf's pig every time she takes the podium with the chance that #drumpf will undercut her.
Just like the dems did on Obamacare with the gop
The GOP doesn't really care about citizens healthcare. They just want to repeal a great accomplishment from Obama.
Hahahahahahahahahaha you are really out of touch. O made sure it would fail so his globalists could go one payer but hillabitch lost
Listened to an IL Repub this morning complaining that Dems won't propose ideas, work with Repubs, stop complaining, do something. LOL, what?
Might want to drop that #resist hashtag to start.
Get the Gov out of health care.
Yes quit trying to go behind the backs of those who care. Come on start over and work together this time and really make it better 
I would love to know how this is received. Is the @GOP even willing to talk? Or are they only going to follow their own path?
agree!! We start with reconciliation/improvement. Then..work from there.
Trump keeps lying to his base that Democrats don't want to help. What more does he need?
Your majority leader said, she was unwilling to work with R, in anyway maybe she should be replaced and maybe you guys could actually work
We will not and should not work to repeal, which will take healthcare away from millions. We SHOULD work to improve and expand #ACA.
YES. Wait until they get back from getting their asses chewed by their constituents first..
Do our reps even appear in their home districts during recesses?
Not in TN. That's why Gore couldn't carry his own state: disconnect from constituents
They are the majority and they're still obstructionists!
We need our Senate Dems to put out the plans to fix ACA so we can stand up for the changes, not just be against the GOP plan.
That would be amazing! @KamalaHarris please where are senate dems plans to fix ACA?

You need to stop pushing your way or nothing for that to happen
Are you referring to the GOP senators? Because they are the ones refusing committee or debate.
That's just a story line pushed by Democrats. The meeting scheduled for the committee was on LoC and they could join.
They also stated to let them sort it out on their own so they can take ownership
They also refused and blocked any amendment over the past 8 years to be heard on the floor 586 put in, 28 voted on
So yes, they are playing a game, pushing a fake narrative and people are eating it up like their favorite dessert
How about Dems abandon the ACA and work with GOP on a law that actually works?
They don't want to work with dems, it was all closed door unlike the aca
Dems were all closed door too. I see you have a short memory or don't understand how laws come to life. ACA was closed door in committee
Just like AHCA has been. Now that it's out of committee is when debate and amendment process starts. So again why don't Dems abandon ACA
A law that was sold on lie after lie after lie.
