Do you know in Canada they have donation boxes for this? Also do Puerto Rico etc. Etc. BRAVO..just wondered where U.S...helped them? Maybe firefighters sometimes. What else?
I wish that I would get a call from FEMA.
Thank you!
Yes we all here are just thankful
http://www.sonomapride.com  100% goes to Sonoma County fire victims
I'll pay my taxes as usual and expect you idiots in Washington try to piss it away on magic beans and illegal immigrants.
There is some hate in some of these tweets by some of you.JUST Don't help, n go on your merry life.PR Needs help, consider that one. Or none
Btw, Texas, Fla. and L.V. still needs our help as wellWe Americans can reach out and help somewhere
Excellent
For those with Amazon Prime membership, you can have free 2-day delivery. Great way to get stuff to animal shelters.
1. Offer residence in a different state. 2. Remove #JerryBrown as gov. 3. Give no money to State Gvt. 4. No illegal support. 5. Wall!!!
You can hate after the fire is out OK
And for those who partake, always drink Napa or Sonoma wine. The businesses and farm workers would appreciate the income.
Montana burned all summer, not a peep. Now I'm supposed to feel sorry for CA?
How many structures did MT lose? You lost two firefighters & no residents.

(You're welcome for the loan of firefighters & equipment, btw.)
My step-daughter was supposed to get married  at Paradise Ridge winery, now relocated  to Capay CA
Don't forget to donate to@KamalaHarris greed at it's best
#russianbot
Thank you.
If you weren't spending billions on #Illegals & #SanctuaryCity , the State could do more for citizens in need.
Another Russian bot.
Great info, thx. 
Thank you and can you let POTUS know? I don't think he knows (cares).
Still working on Puerto Rico too....
cool
Really, elite rich folks?? You're clueless, but many of non elites are not.
#russianbot
great, but remove the Red Cross from the list of places to donate, they are famous for misappropriating funds.
Thank you Sen. Harris for stepping up to help our fellow AMERICANS.

And since Marijuana Farms are also on fire, send a consoling note to Snoop Dogg to alleviate his depression.
What/where are helps for people with any special needs?
Unfortunately, you've included Red Cross which has a recent history of not responding appropriately.
Do you still want to succeed or do you want federal help?
@realDonaldTrump attempt #2... do something. Hell, at least SAY something!
And include funds used for illegals cease and go towards Americans
#russianbot
That's awesome. My friend Gloria owns the shop Love on Haight & I was getting help for her on here two days ago. Glad to see she's helping!
To be fair, these folks still have access to basic necessities,  the people in Puerto Rico do not!
cannot believe how horrible some people are being on this feed
Help by donating your time! We are crowdsourcing resources and offers of help here -->
Then you aren't paying attention.
Thanks
The best way for #KamalaHarris to help Cali is 2 Hand Cuff herself to  #Pelosi and #JerryBrownStain Douse them all in Gas and run 2 the fire
Reported and blocked. He disses Springsteen too. 
May the karma bus pick him up early and hard.
Seriously. If that loser shows up to use CA for one of his sick photo ops, I will lose what’s left of my marbles 
Thank you, Kampala. You are better organized than FEMA in PR
They tent homes for fumigation, why can't they make the tents fire retardant for #CaliforniaWildfires?Hope they bury power lines from now on
Red Cross and the humane societies are how I am going to help.
Ask illegals to help since you love them soooooo much!
You don't seem like the "giving" type anyway. People are dying. 23 lives lost. It will be more by the time you read this. Do you care?
What a typical liberal female ass reply. I give to the needy not the elite wealthy as most in that area are
We don’t help sanctuary state! You’re on your own!

Instead of keeping water so expensive, you should have given true relief from drought. Trees falling, power lines severed. Dangerous!
Vote for Republican libertarians who will promote forest husbandry instead of Moonbeam insanity. This State is destroyed on so many levels!
1) Forest husbandry requires raising government spending to manage public lands, and
2) she's a federal senator, not a state senator.
California needs rain desperately, I have a lot of family in Santa Rosa some have lost their homes and their jobs it is so sad
I may not agree with your politics but that is nothing compared to what is going on. We are Californians and other Californians need help.
After doing 1 of these 8 things call your congressional reps telling them that climate change is REAL and these disasters are a result.
I am sending dog food to the shelter listed through http://chewy.com  since that is how I get my dog food, just a suggestion, so easy

Money out of politics right now you bought out lost soul
Huh???
I will give to the Red Cross to help.
I would so luv to help victims in #CaliforniaWildfires but i am a victim still dealing with #IrmaHurricane2017
 It reads almost like nothing is happening in poorer #Mendocino county - 6 deaths so far....
Makes my heart ache!
Fastcompany? Really? How much did they pay you?  Try this from an unbiased source:
8 things you can do?   How about just one:   not voting for democrats -- they are burning the state down daily!
Thank you!
#8 donate the Harvey Weinstein money to those who lost their homes
#Donate GOP Donations for the @Potus Pu**y Grabber
hmm, maybe as a part of the government you could get off your ass & do your job instead of relying on us giving to charity...
America Devastation has been hitting from us hard. We must come together in Unity! People are losing everything they own. Be America Strong
California can relay on them selfs ....they want ILLIGALS and SANCTUARY city...take that money and put it towards there people
Any superfine sites in wildfire's path @EPA  Seems it's problem in Puerto Rico, Houston, FL for @DHSgov
I doubt there a super fund sites. There's no history of heavy industry to speak of in these areas. They're agricultural powerhouses.
I'm sticking with anything other than the Red Cross, they have too much overhead
I thought the same until the Red Cross was on the ground and feeding and sheltering my parents this week
They still have a lot of overhead, even though they are helping people. A lot of what we donate goes to their executives.
Red cross is WORTHLES

Thank you for posting!!
Use bricks..  even the three little pigs know wooden houses ain't much cop..
One word.....earthquakes
How do we help the victims of the continuous bombing you voted yea for?
Bigger bombs mate.. get the job done faster.
.........
Calif wants their own State. So be it. They can have it
No thanks. If they can afford to give illegal immigrants the same rights as legal citizens they can afford to pay for their own recovery
Wow! Turning your back on fellow Americans.
Thank you
I Work for VCA Veterinary Hospitals. We are offering free boarding for cats and dogs whose owners have been impacted by the CA Wildfires.
That’s awesome! Hey do you know about the two VCA PetCare animal hospitals in Santa Rosa? Did they burn down?
Thanks for highlighting this
As bad as I feel for Cali, I'm focusing on PR aid,
Why can't we do both? Trump may not be able to do anything, doesn't mean we can't. The needs of both are different.
Some folks can only give a little. They don't have unlimited funds to spread around. Don't make folks helping feel bad.
Doesn't mean we...royal we...can't do what "we" can to help people in Puerto Rico & California. At no point did I try to make any1 feel bad.
I apologize for misunderstanding- we all can do more than just money. I just know some folks are overwhelmed and want to help but can't.
https://twitter.com/verrit/status/918442989864833024 …
for those dubious of gofundmes, credible financial donation source at http://redwoodcu.org/northbayfirerelief …
And thank you for sharing this article with ideas of ways to help!
Isn't it crazy that @realDonaldTrump hasn't even acknowledged the fires in California? Not 1 tweet. My heart goes out to everyone affected.
Really? I've heard him speak about it.
Well said!
Where is the president?? He needs to be doing something about this! #Incompetent
He declared CA a disaster area so it could receive federal assistance.
