Unless you are Donald Trump and Company, or a Republican, then, the words are,
"This land was made for me, just me".
Dictators empty with out soul & haert live are. More than money & power !  When they gone wich legacy left none  
The verse never sung.
This modern version is partly in Spanish and was made in response to Trump's anti-Mexican rhetoric!
Todays #Democrats would add...."and you pay for you and me."
No, not for u and me, I have no communist inspirations as u do.
Time to unite this country. All this slander and disrespect for our president is causing division and you all have the ability to stop it .
Woodie Guthrie would be disgusted by you.
And he was not a fan of his landlord who happened to be dotard Donnie’s father
This land is owned by the gop. This land is their land, this land is their, this land belongs to the gop. (And Koch Bros)
And the NRA and Russia.....
#WhatHappened 3Mil More Votes & No Victory. Iron Lady Praises Free Market, Blames Labour for Misogyny & Deceit; May https://www.c-span.org/video/?416282-1/theresa-may-addresses-conservative-partys-annual-conference …
ALSOAll you fascists are bound to lose... 
Race hatred cannot stop us
This 1 thing we know
Your poll tax & Jim Crow
& greed has got to go
I loved Woody. I'm wondering if he would have loved you
Bound for glory.
"This Land is Your Land" or "America, the Beautiful" should be our national anthem! No racism like current song.
What’s racist about our national anthem? Serious question.
RIP Woody, still think your the best. Your songs strike chords in all our hearts.
Mr. Kaine: with all do respect why would you favor a global America ran by a one world U.N. government? You won't admit it but it's true.
Thank you, Senator, for remembering one of my heroes and inspirations.
And known communist, much like your son.
50 years ago woody would have spit in the faces of baby murdering liberal Democrats faces, just like yours timmy
We need him and and his guitar which had written on it “ This Machine Kills Fascists” more than ever!
Broken pathway. But you cannot reward illegal behavior or you just get more of it. And please let's stop trying to divide this country. It's
Needs to be used. You cannot reward people for breaking the law. This country is one for all but it has to be done legally. Just fix the
But there are laws that we have to abide by as should everyone here . If there is a legal way to become a citizen or enter this country it
Senator Kaine what is so bad about putting American Citizens first for a change ? Fix the broken system that allows people to enter legally
#WoodyGuthrie????
Yes - as in #Springsteen / #PeteSeeger and @BarackObama & @MichelleObama https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnvCPQqQWds …
-
but not for the unborn Americans that are sacrificed for political gain! You just keep murdering babies timmy!
“As they stood there hungry, I stood there asking,
Is this land made for you and me?”
thanks for remembering Woody.
This is the song that should be played before ball games
Loved Woody and Arlo! 
The good golden songwriter  are best  are for yesterday . Today and tomorrow  songs with hart & soul yes sir 
Tom Petty died yesterday..a very sad day..
Was a protest song. Totally appropriate.
So long it's been good to know ya 
I hope this is your new mantra. We need to stop this resistance attitude one person at a time, and unite this country to END the divisions.
He also wrote a great song about Donald Trumps racist father!  Pinned tweet in my bio...
Wish those day were back, some how thing don't feel right
how do you feel about "Jesus Christ," Tim? do you agree with Woody's fiery condemnation of rich bankers and lawyers
FYI it was an angry response to God Bless America
This should be our national anthem. But first, we have to believe it. And live it.
You're such a hypocrite
My state sold us to trump already voters reform Chris koback please help don't let them  suppress us  like that we count on you guys 
Nice sentiment, but I don't think so.
GOP has made it pretty clear... 
land made to be raped and plundered for PROFIT.
Period.
Woody and Petty jammin' with Janis, Prince, Patsy, Otis, Jerry, Roy, and Johnny.  Morrison rolling up to sit in. Bowie closing the set.
Woody's activism. In "Old Man Trump" he protested Trump's exclusion of minorities from Beach Haven Apartments that Woody named "Trump Tower"
Public schools in California often have students begin the day with that great song. Somebody's knickers will get twisted soon though.
Did include antifa, too.
Seriously? Go away.
He also wrote a song about the bigoted, racist "Old Man Trump"...
That was his son, Arlo.
dude if you had a guitar you would be president by now ;-)
I grew up on Woody Guthrie songs. I guess you did too.
From California to the Puerto Rico island!
I adore that song!!
Didn't he write that song about trump's dad?
Let's start a push to make this our national anthem!!!
he would’ve supported Medicare for all
Tim, I like you more than I did a minute ago (and I voted for you).  I believe there's some fire in you, sir.
Then why continuously impose your leftist will upon all of us?  Just asking.
He also wrote a song about 45 Daddy.
It was made for you and me, but has now been taken over by dark, evil forces.
Comrade Tim Kaine
I would love to see a pregame singer burst into this instead!
Wish I could feel that right now. This land was made for big money and politicians.

Senator @timkaine treated us to "This Land Is Your Land" on his harmonica and on the vocals at @worldsfairnano. Enjoy. 
Woody Guthrie would have shoved that harmonica down his throat
A communist protest song!! Love it
