He seems to think a nation that won WWII and put men on the moon can't cut 1/4th of our carbon pollution by 2025 #ParisAgreement
I reject the notion that this nation has to choose between our clean energy and economic goals #ParisAgreement
I'm confident that our nation’s optimistic, can-do spirit will prevail over this short-sighted dereliction of leadership #ParisAgreement
Yep just did after eight years of Obummer!!!
No, even I know it was because the USA was funding the majority of the cost without real benefits. You'd think a US senator would know that.
This is why u lost the election! Dems like to give away hard working tax paying Americans money! Let other countries pay! Bogus agreement!
if each of us did 'the right thing' we wouldn't need an accord
And ignorance of insane proportions. #sad
you really don't know...do you?
preach to the Chinese who stole our manufacturing about pollution.
No, it is a recognition that the deal undermines the best interest of Americans.  Dems have been undermining for too long, we took ctry back
He & backward advisors inept & can't build on progress. He must appear like he is doing something & being tough with enemy coal miner jobs.
Like much else it's based on inaccurate & false premise & information. He wants to secure vote of those blaming their lot on that progress.

How Was A Climate Crisis Denier Elected President of The United States? #ParisAgreement #ParisClimateDeal 
Watch http://bit.ly/ClimateDenierPOTUS … 
I'm still waiting for you to explain why obama didn't take it to congress to get ratified if it's so great
No Timmy, it reflects common sense when the US is already a leader in reducing carbon emissions. It was an illegal action by your Boy Barack
We talking about somebody who can't read or SPELL. What does he know about climate change????
Trump acting stupid isn't surprising as there are stupid people everywhere. The Congress and Senate acting blind and dumb is peculiar to me.
Actually, its quite the opposite. We can develop and use clean energy technologies without the Accord.  @POTUS  is protecting American tax $
Senator, it is American innovation that will develop clean energy solutions, not flawed treaties that give our money away to liberal causes
He's terrible, let's follow what N.Y and CA are doing and set out own state environmental standards.
I will be so glad when Donald Trump is out of office! He's making stupid mistakes!
American innovation . . . most of that went off shore to China, Mexico ect...  Bring it back here before you hype it.
...faith/trump ...totally opposite beings... ...
And intelligence. It reflects an extraordinary lack of intelligence.
I really think Trump NEEDS a CHECKUP from the NECK UP This county has SEEN the cowboy from Toy Story bring us into a 17 Yr war. "COVFEFE" 
There is lack of faith in the political system YOU are part of.   The Congress continues to fail the American people with wasteful prgrams
Make Our Planet Great Again! Impeach Trump! Sad day for Conservation!
To say the very least!
Supporting bills like this is why we have a 1-2% growth rate
It also sucks for Norfolk
Yeah let's be one of three countries who doesn't think the Paris agreement is a good idea. why is this man still in office?
It also reflects the unwillingness of the American people to be suckered into the biggest lib scam on record. &hand over dominance to China
You like giving tax $ away when we get no return on investment. Not role of fed govt to loan tax $ 2 private business
US taxpayers subsides "green" energy, many have gone bankrupt, wasting our $. Elon Musk got $4.9 Billion tax$. Why?
Scientists who once fell for climate con have proved it false.  They even witnessed & proved temps were manipulated by agencies like NOAA.
El Niño & La Niña have the most impact on climate & have been reported & known about by scientists since 1877.  Current con is about control
Climate Con about control, costs USA jobs, closes coal, causes skyrocketing electric, transportation, food, gas: hit lower income very hard.
Left still peddles fake % of scientists agreeing w/them after they were caught removing 1000's  of negative surveys, leaving < 100. Lies.
By freeing our economy from the crippling Paris deal we can develop better technology through innovation and American resourcefulness.
He's keeping promises to his base. Let's turn Congress around in 2018!
That's a way of deflecting his taxes, son in laws's involvement with Russia and all the games he is playing. No other skills but to shock.
POTUS is keeping his campaign promise which not 2 many politicans do!! ALL I say is how bad was Hikllary huh? Trump said everything #wrong
He is incapable of understanding what an innovation even is.
The extraordinary lack of faith in American innovation comes from a belief that it requires an international treaty.
It reflects an understanding of the economy and the narrow mindedness of Obama's ill-considered deal.
Don't give up. This is too important. We need to think big. We appreciate your efforts @timkaine.  Tell us how we can change the direction!
I'll go with continued dependency on oil and war to get oil.
Isnt Kushner in charge of American innovations?
we don't need other countries to monitor our own carbon footprint. The Paris accord is a slush fund that Americans would have paid for
Trump is a damn fool!!
Did u retreat from ur Antifa son?  Get ur house in order
Maybe he should lead from behind like your hero.
True
The answer to carbon pollution requires science and innovative solutions. I'm not confident that Trump has that in him. I'm not optimistic.
someone stop him!! This is crazy
Never a good idea to give other countries control over us. Use that money here.
No, an extraordinary selfish need to sell oil, pollute rivers, foul the air, wreck the global economy, and start a war(s).
Please find ways & means , with the help of all Senators to combat climate change. World cooperation is imperative.
Trump is rot more broken law!
Pres. trump is the next innovator, Hillary is an old bitter, sickly women she through e exonerated under the bus yesterday, including u
Nothing about #ParisAgreement empowered American leadership or innovation. Reclaiming control over policy choices is #ClimateSovereignty
It lacks a boat load of other stuff too
No! Trump's decision to opt out of Paris Accord reflects his great faith in US innovation.US doesn't need others making our climate rules.
Your parties decision to railroad voters out of Bernie Sanders is the real lack of faith in America I saw. You sir are a disgrace
It screws our children as he lines his pockets! #Dump45 #ImpeachRemoveReplace
Take a look @ Colorado! Our solar & wind industries are booming! Lowest unemplmnt in USA. Ppl are flocking here!
It's not for the wind farms dude! #Legalize
Go away creepy
DT is an embarrassment to America and the  ...  his decision to pull out must be conflicting with his investments 
What environment r we going to leave our children/grandchildren? Pitifully and sad decision.
Less healthcare+polluted environment equals more illness and death, where as clean environment+good healthcare equals less costs.
So before obama we were all dying, illness? Now Obamacare is gone and oh the humanity...#dontbreed
It shows straight ignorance! It's amazing how so many are willing to work together while he conti ues to separate the US even more. Issues!

I’m just glad my kids can finally have the future they deserve, working in a coal mine like a real American.
A lack of faith would require thought.. shitgibbon is merely a puppet.. a mindless pos..#TheResistance
Why have a global world order dictate what the US should do? If innovation is the key then that can happen in the free market.
It reflects an extraordinary lack of intellect
Yes it does! He is setting you back...with Nicaragua and Syria. Horrible!
But at least Trump will send a few thousand men back to the coal mines to their slow deaths without healthcare. #MAGA
Of course! He's a Russian chaos agent. He doesn't give a shit about    US. #impeach #indict #imprison
We need to keep hearing from you Senator. Hilary &you Sir were supposed to be running this country.  Not the Russians.
Let's not.
Betting against American innovation is UNAMERICAN. America's leadership is eroding fast. And other nations are taking notice
@realDonaldTrump leaving the Paris Accord signals our allies that we no longer want to lead. America's downward trajectory is on you.
Haha, Really? Nice talking point
wrong! it reflects that he is a man of his word! He walks the talk unlike fucks like you n the DNC!
Reflects an extraordinary lack of critical thinking skills, as well.
Yes it does, & the fact that their will b new jobs w/climate pact.Uses fear of brown out &black outs as reasons to get out.Job loss, cost.
It reflects a #POTUS who owes his job to the fossil fuel industry, a #POTUS who has always put himself 1st, who will NEVER put America 1st.
LMAO OK!!!!
Donald Trump withdraws from the Paris Accord because destroying America is not enough. #ActOnClimate #ParisAgreement #NoPincheWall R/T
Ooooo really tough words, Senator. This decision reflects more than that.
Obstructionist you're a liar he's helping the people you should be happy. But dems Don't Care About Us
It's about the $ he can make Senator Kaine, his policies are 1950's destructive to our world. Are we not the stewards of the world?
What ever this idiot  is smoking  I want some just so I can make it the next 6 monthes till he gets impeached
Yes! 
False. It saves taxpayers almost 1 and a half TRILLION dollars and won't impose foreign rules on us.
We can invest a lot of money into clean energy research for our environment America First
Not only does it reflect a lack of faith but it once again proves how incompetent he is!
Hmm, he best 18 people for the office, DNC is the real villain. #Bernie
Because he's an idiot and unfit to govern #FAKEPRESIDENT
And science.
and American technology.
His decision reflects my extraordinary lack of faith in the American government as it currently stands.
No it doesn't. It's a giveaway to Putin and allies in Republican party.
This has nothing do with what America can accomplish, except so far as it serves to limit us.
This is treason at its highest.
Plus, he is OBSESSED with Money! He has no other values! So frightening.
What can you expect from a money hungry brainless orange orangutan!!
Lack of innovation and lack of motivation to move our country in a forward thinking direction. This is a huge embarrassment taking us back
Kind of like how America's election of @realDonaldTrump  reflects an extraordinary lack of faith in you and @HillaryClinton #ParisAgreement
Get this guy some aloe Vera #youjustgotburned
Send your son to protest

Who did YOU vote for?

Because MY candidate wouldn't have pulled out of the #ParisAgreement...

…
@realDonaldTrump doesn't value the 2.5 million Americans employed in low-carbon or energy efficiency businesses
This "man" is nuts!  He thinks his deal making skills can renegotiate. I'm sick America is falling so far back!  I am so angry!!!
Please, give me specific ways he has helped me.
I can't wait for Florida to go underwater. That state ruins elections. Plus I want to see Orange Sphincter golf under water.
You probably used to be beautiful.
Who is going to save our country?
No one as you see it apparently. Let China innovate the future of energy. They got this. 
Oh it reflects a hell of a lot more important and dangerous stuff than that!
We should not shrink from the future. This is not what leaders do. It's not what we do as Americans.
No but that's what a corrupt inept manchild is doing. He's a pathetic follower.
It's a great day in American that leader has returned back to the White House. Obama was a total failure selling out the United States
Do you have evidence of that statement?  Trump seems to only focus on short term money goals and is hurting our citizens and our future
Very sad day for the US... #notmypresident #notmyfirstfamily #votethemout
Great day
You're as sick as he is then!Shameful #notmypresident #votethemout
So you're mad we're not lining the pockets of other countries because that's all it does. It don't help climate change one bit
WHAT? Have read or watched anything other than Fox News, not that fox is real NEWS! He's going for isolation we need others as they need us
and lack of care for America's future (and goes without saying: the planet).
but it will punish his cronies - that's all he cares about.
Withdrawing from a non-binding agreement w/ zero legal authority
Yea let's all back out and leave the problem to our children
why do we need a non binding agreement to do whats right. so everybody just quits working on new energies and technologies, NO
Hahahahaha
