I can't stand you more and more each day
Something needs to be done about the NRA. Politicians accepting their money should be illegal! This country is so corrupt.
How about not accepting money from baby killers at Planned Parenthood? #bloodmoney
Although I disagree with you about PP being murderers, I don't think politicians should be allowed to accept money from ANY company/org.
So you support jihad, as one of the co-leaders of the @WomensMarch called for. Wow Time, wow.
Need HHS, NIH to stop decades of gross discrimination against M.E., Myalgic Encephalomyelitis, that affects 1 million in US, mostly women
It's not a woman'smarch!! It's a far left Lunatic March. Most likely none having blood lines back to our forefathers. Just a bunch of looney
The only lunatic is you. My family has been in this country since 1723. They fought and bled for our way of life. In
Then you should know about the second amendment
You are a disaster Tim
Yeah right, some REALLY interesting characters in the March! REALLY as in faux feminists that worry about the color of Ivanka's dress?!
I walked on Friday and appreciate your support! There's a lot of hate & misconceptions on this thread. Thanks for standing up for the cause!
Tim, just take your meds and be quiet
Wow. We dodged a bullet when you lost. Thank you so much for debating Mike Pence.
Tim.....you suck
Tim is so UNamerican
Thank the democrats
Did you dress up for it?
you would
Really? So u r proud to support a group that has openly called for jihad against our govt? You r unfit for office
Don't forget to label every political act you encounter with which you disagree as "treason", Senator. Grandstanding overreactionary.
Have you had your mental health evaluation lately ?
You are unfit for office. A small man with no leadership qualities. Tim to get rid of your ass once and for all.
did he just assume their gender????
Are u a proud supporter of ISIS as well and North Korea? Since both wanna destroy America
Evil, just pure evil...but then there is you!
Linda sarsour appreciates your support for sharia in America.
What was the march dor. Did they welcome all women or just the one with liberal mindset
Such a blessing u and #Hildabeaste failed
You're not fooling anyone ...
People can tell by looking @ you that there's something wrong .. You ooze perversion, & give new meaning to the word uneasy... Pure filth
Thank you your a wonderful human being and senator. Please keep fighting for our democracy and healthcare .
U are one of the creepiest sweat laced pock'd faced stooges I have ever witnessed... U don't get a face like yours from drinking milk !
You're just like one of the girls.
Thank you
Thank you!
.@1choice vote this moron out period. This has to be dumbest person in congress his days are numbered voted out 
Don't accuse any women of Treason Tim.
Meet @womensmarch speaker Donna Hylton, who did 27 years for torturing and murdering a man —> http://spectator.org/the-women-move … #NRA2DOJ
Ah,trying to discredit the speakers? Despicable. Did you support that fear mongering video? What about the NRA's failure to support Castile?
Hard to "discredit" felon ex-con torture rapist.  Facts are facts.
You have walk with the women to support the women walk will that's excellent you must seem to be a nice gentleman.
On yr way back from big "Kaine" fundraiser w/ rich liberals on Nantucket? That's not part of VA is it? Dark Money?  Shame on u Schumer hack!
Was this a Women's March or another Liberal March under another name again? Dem can not be honest, never know!
All 11 of them?  Wow.
Did you help Hillary invent her gun loophole too?
I guess a tweet is called support now.
Wish you were our VP every single day. Please keep fighting.
@CharlieRoseShow when are you having them on! @lsarsour
I'm proud of all the women marching and rasing their voices.Thank you.
Thank you for this public support of this call for sense!
TY Senator for supporting Common Sense Gun Laws!
Thank you!
Why not supporting difficult like money out of politics?
Are you all there? Seriously. You support women marching for rights they already have? You support sharia? Thank goodness you're not VP
Ironic they hired private armed citizens as security.
Gay
Did you wear their pussy hat. If the hat fits wear it.
where were you?
Thank you Senator Kaine for supporting women's marches. You would have made a wonderful Vice President, if Hillary had won.
how many miles did you march?
March to the voting booth 2018
And vote @CoreyStewartVA
SENATOR I'M HAPPY  PEOPLE ARE DOING THINGS ,LIKE WOMAN MARCHES INSTEAD OF WAR!
You support these anarchists? Led by a Muslim woman with TIES TO TERRORISTS? Tim Kaine,.. YOU are what's wring with this Nation & Congress!!
Do you also support @lsarsour and her calls for jihad on our government?  Or her desire to implement #Sharia in the #USA ???
Good point????
.Women are Woody's favorite target.  Should you watn the marchers?
Now you should support an investigation into Seth Richs murder ? Mr loving senator 
Thank you!
