BREAKING: With Vice President Pence breaking tie, Senate moves against Planned Parenthood http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/03/30/vice-president-pence-breaking-tie-senate-moves-against-planned-parenthood/99820022/ …
As a Catholic, how can you support a program that supports abortions. PP denied removing that procedure to keep their funding. Use ur brain!
What about the great ACA that you Dems are spewing about. Everyone supposed to be covered. Don't need PP. Somewhere you lost your
Sir you are not Catholic if you support  Planned P; taxes should not fund abortion. @POTUS @CatholicsTweet #DefundPP
You're not Catholic if you don't support PP, which takes care of the poorest & marginalized in society
Ultimately it will put more on welfare with unplanned pregnancies without affordable both control options.
@TeamKCP #plannedparenthood killing democrats like no other. #WarOnThePoor
#PP should not receive taxpayer $ for murdering innocents. Only for regular healthcare provided. No $ for murder. #BanPPDeathSquad
Planned Parenthood is to "critical health services" as Josef Mengele was to experimental medicine.
heartbreaking news for women all over US.
Oh God such bullshit. PP does nothing that any other health clinic doesn't do and do better. Other than abortions
You sir are a complete fool. I can't wait for you to be unseated.
Members of Congress considering defunding PP-2018
If women want to have abortions or take pills not to have children they should pay for this themselves, stop killing the unborn child !!
Plus they kick back some of the government largess on Democrats
Under Obamacare these same people are provided these services through free medicaid. Why should we pay more?
Planned Parenthood also murders babies! No funds for Planned Parenthood! You give them money, you're an accessory to murder!
Are U serious?  What "critical health services" does PP provide?
Since when is killing your baby "critical care". It's not care when someone dies! What's wrong with you?
I don't think the slaughter of helpless children counts as "care", Tim.
senator Kaine is right on the money.
Stay #strong #Americans need Planned Parenthood
@PPAVirginia @USATODAY turn in your Catholic card Mr. Kaine. ASAP
PP is largely responsible for DECREASING the incidence of abortion. Defunding planned parenthood is a vote to INCREASE abortions.
Their advertising is misleading. Planned Parenhood performs 0 mammograms. Abortions should not be federally funded as many taxpayers oppose!
Cutting off funding to PP could mean less access to birth control=more need for abortions.  But who needs to be logical in all this??  Ack.
Two out of three black babies die from abortion and you call that women's health?  Deplorable!
from Amazon and have it sent to you.
Why do you think it's ok to have a nine month old human be aborted!!! Barbaric, unconscionable and unacceptable
hopefully it will be rectified when these losers go to prison for treason.
So do alot of other women's health services. Maybe you should have been aborted!
Seriously ? ! Going back in time to a horrible place.  GOP loves this of course.
@PPAVirginia @USATODAY They provide abortions. Pay for your own!
Abortions are not "critical health services". If women want to have an abortion, they can pay for it themselves. #DefundPP
Imagine how many lives would be saved with our rightful prez Hillary & rightful VP YOU. We need u both so much right now.
Thank God they aren't!!!
I'm all for women's right to chose.  I just don't want to pay for their choice.
Wrong Mr.Kaine, you guys needs to stop spewing lies. PP does not do woman services like mammograms or papsmears.
You need to worry more, a lot more about the murder of millions of babies at the hand of planned parenthood!
...... Planned Parenthood provides critical death services to babies!
Sad day
Tell what services Hillary's waterboy..tell us..PPH says they don't have other services then ABORTION
@PPAVirginia if you represent a Catholic ! I'll pass on your religion of so-called love of life and compassion.
@PPAVirginia you will be judged on your consigning the murder of defenseless innocent babies.
Planned So true, Tim. Parenthood is NOT just about abortions. They provide counseling regarding contraception,  mammograms & more.
@PPAVirginia funny you brought this up ! I was just thinking about baby murderers ! And you & hillary came to mind !
Abortions shall not be Federally funded. Abstinence or birth control is the answer!
as a Virginian I'm proud to call you my Senator! Thank you 
PP earns a huge profit and donates lots of $$ to DEM party and THAT is why you want to fund them so they give dems the kickback
LIE, they do not provide the service, they have no machines, they simply make appointments and probably do the billing
Where is the money going that they get from selling fetus "parts"?
I tweeted him. am Christian, white, went to U of Penn & was raped. HAD to have an abortion. What would he do if it was his daughter. Crying.
@ProudlyLiberal2 That's exactly why Republiars despise Planned Parenthood.They despise women, so this is easy for them.
That alone will fill house up with new blue residents God how did u guys ever get into power oh that's right Russians !!
There is a better plan for that.
I soooo wish you were VP
@PPAVirginia @USATODAY thank you for fighting for women.
@PPAVirginia @USATODAY we MUST take back senate and house seats!!!  These ties are ruining our country!!!!!
As a Catholic, I struggle with this...
@PPAVirginia @USATODAY eventually 3rd world countries will be coming to America to aid American women in women's rights. SMDH
When did Hillary remove your ovaries?
Stand with PP#resist#fightback#women'srights
This is done or could be done by many others correct
Thank you for standing up, please keep doing so. #IStandWithPP
Mammograms are FREE under Obamacare with out a referral from anyone. Abortions are NOT funded with Federal money. Read up people
So much for that Women's meeting just yesterday
The Republican war on women continues 
Thank you, Senator!
this is crazy they need to stay out  of women's issues
@PPAVirginia thank ypu
What services?  Has ur wife used them?  I have
No it doesn't Tim, sorry
look at what happenned to TX : https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/aug/20/texas-maternal-mortality-rate-health-clinics-funding …
Why is it usually men deciding what's best for a woman? So sick of this mindset. Most Americans support PP according to surveys.
U gals can do what u want to ur own bodies but when I have to pay for ur abortions I have right to say I don't like it
@PPAVirginia They're the Punishment Party...do you think they care?
How would these GOP men feel about a group of women choosing their access to condoms and vasectomies? 
Or Viagra and Cialis. Bet there would be a great wailing and wringing of hands about that one.
Absolutely! Viagra's even better.
PP 14-15 FY- 4.2 million Std tests, 682k cancer screenings, 2.94 million contraception prescriptions/kits. What is it with these people.
let those patients use Medicaid at PP to pay for legit services,not pol contributions or abortions.
Abortion expense line is 3% on a cost expense basis.
Since when was cold blooded murder of helpless baby women-to-be a critical health service?
The Pence Stench 
Read PP budget.
Jesus freak bigot back to his tricks.
That's complete BS and you know it!  It only stops the TAXPAYER from PAYING FOR ABORTIONS!
These idiots just screwed their own voters...oh well.
Thank you for standing strong!
@MaxineWaters @SenSanders @SenWarren @SenFeinstein @CNN
NEUTER AND INDICT MIKE PENCE, TRUMP, RYAN, GOP VOTING AGAINST HEALTHCARE FOR WOMEN!
Bullshit on the health services! PP is an ABORTION FACTORY! Any other characterization is TOTAL LIE!
#StandWithPP
@PPFA.

@TimKaine, the last time this #mikepence defunded
#PlannedParenthood, we had a spike in #HIV. The man
is #clueless.
use Medicaid to pay for services
Will we ever get Tim Kaine version 1.0 back?  He was a decent person.
PP chose abortions over providing that critical health services.  Tough crap.
Pence is an unconscionable human being. And he has the nerve to call himself a Christian.
You should criticize PP for not being willing to cut "3%" of their services to provide the other 97% to women. Taxpayers would not object.
There is no care they just kill precious babies
Keep superstitious nonsense in church.
Shame on Pence
Women use PP for preventative care, Pap Smear, birth control.  Abortions are a SMALL portion of their business.
Then split services up and dont give to political aces if you take fed $
you should be the VP. 
Resistance every day is exhausting but each 1 of us MUST continue we're fighting for our lives! I say #NewElection
You sure about that?
"The key is, you need to pay attention to who's in the room" - how longtime @PPact abortion doctor says to deal with born-alive infants 
It will also cause more abortions, ,proving they really don't care about life at all. It's  a convenient tool for their anti-woman campaign
oh please get over your rightous self..
How is abortion health care?
Cause its being done safely and not in a back alley...

good march and adopt when they are born.


