YES! DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD!
Haha! Lydia, they DONT do mammograms. get back with me when they actually do. :)
yep and their numbers have been decreasing every year. also, you forgot to mention: 328,000 Little American babies slaughtered.
Since when did being an adoptive parent become a prerequisite to wanting women to have REAL inclusive healthcare
Vote No no
But if we keep Obamacare, 22M will be uninsured.
That's not right  we are currently at the highest rate of hc enrollment ever.. do you know how to google?
Check out the timeline of @StikNtheMud. Hardworking Americans...at least 3.6M...are going bankrupt or w/o insurance.
Skinny repeal = death sentence for so many,& those who are lucky(or unlucky) enough to live, absolute poverty & bankruptcy from medical debt
Planned parenthood needs defunded t us working stiffs pay too much now and the ACA is going to do the same if you leave it alone#UGotNothin'
Thank your senator Kaine
It's bs
Doesn't sound skinny to me.
This sounds like ACA  collapsing.
How much could be drowned in a Byrd bath?
No one believes what you have to say. Go hang out with crooked Hilary.
#ObamacareSucks #ILikedMyPlan&LostMyPlan #ILikedMyDr&LostMyDr #ObamaLied #ACADoesntCoverMomsRadiation #CancerSucks
No repeal, @GOP needs to help make healthcare better, as 45 promised. Fix the issues w/ACA and keep your word. Better care at a lower cost.
Thanks for clarification. Appreciated it.
That's terrible & very sad. They rather fund a useless border wall than health care and Planned Parenthood. That's actually disheartening.
Thank you for voting against this
O'care collapse will do worse. Your freebies ran out. You failed. Trump for reelection.
Keep fighting!  Thank you!
please dont let this happen!
And 15 million of that number are voluntary:
Give it up Kaine. Your side lost. In case you haven't heard, there are 37 million in the country that do not have health insurance. Imagine
And it's a tragedy.
Insurers will pull out of individual market which means 16 million could be higher. This is a complete disaster for one sixth of the economy
It's very disappointing and scary
Defunding #PlannedParenthood will lead to increased abortion & unwanted children. How will those already struggling afford birth control?
#skinnyrepeal means a death sentence 4 many(incl me). Those who are lucky(or unlucky)enough to live will be in poverty due to medical debt.
#ChrisChristie could use a skinny repeal.
Does it really defund baby killers? That's great!
Creepy
Meanwhile 16m were approved to build the wall! You  are becoming as inefficient as Mexican politicians. What a mess you are at!
Unbelievable & unconscionable!
They call it skinny because we will all starve to death trying to pay for healthcare.
That last statement is a big plus.
We are already there Freddy Kruger.
Stay in front Senator proud of you
MARKETS ARE ALREADY COLLAPSING
SO SHE COULDN'T AFFORD THE PREMIUMS AND  IS NOW UNINSURED. MY MEDICARE DEDUCTIBLES WENT UP MORE THAN 200% SINCE ACA.........
Defunds Planned Parenthood, GREAT! Rest of your statement looks like fake news! Thought you & Warner were ok, until you backed CROOKED HILL.
How can you, as a Catholic, support Planned Parenthood?
Total Lie!  Only 10.4 million are currently covered under your failed health insurance bullshit plan.
Why dont you admit you dont take part in Obamacare nor does your family because ypur insurance is paid for by the Govt so your clueless
........BY THE ACA AND ONLY 10 MILLION PPL ARE INSURED SO CBO IS WRONG ....MY WIFE'S INSURANCE PREMIUMS WENT UP BY 65% IN 1 YEAR UNDER ACA..
AND AS A FORMER CATHOLIC YOU SHOULD BE FOR DEFUNDING PP BUT YOU ARE AN ABORTION LOVING DEMON AND A LIAR ...CBO PREDICTED 25 MIL INSURED ....
And what's it do to the economy considering healthcare is 1/6 of it?!
REALITY: Obamacare premiums & deductibles have already skyrocketed to point that people can't afford healthcare. Insurers have already left.
Kaine's actions show that he believes Virginia's adults are too dumb to make own decisions about insurance & healthcare.
Lies
Thank you for fighting for us!
The people of Virginia are disappointed with you. Stop being an obstructionist.
THERE'S NO POINT BEING A SITTING DUCK IN SAURON THE FOOT IN MOUTH'S SINKING SHIP!
DEMS HAVE THE RIGHT TO DO PLANNED OR UNPLANNED PARENTHOOD. TIME TO GET OFF THE FENCE & TAKE THE NEAREST EXIT. OPEN TILL THE VERY END.
Our premiums went up 40% last year.
ONE HOUR TO MAKE CALLS 202-224-3121
VOTE "NO" FOR THE REPEAL ON "SKINNY BILL"
SAVE ACA...CALL NOW!
Fight the fight. #SinglePayer #Resist
Somehow voters in red states are not demonstrating. Like rooting for a sports team, even if caught cheating. Can't come to grips w/it.
#NoVawa4Vsia
Go get them @timkaine fight this travesty of lies and deceit from the White House and republicans!
SENATOR NONE OF THESE OPTIONS ARE ANY  GOOD  JULY IS NEARLY OVER! WE SHOULD WAIT FOR SEPT !FOR ANY REAL ACTION!
Go talk to McCain and Graham this
1) House Rules Committee just passed something they call Martial Law, which gives them total control, enabling them to enact Senate bill.
So what is your plan Tim. Anyone with 1/2 brain can see that Obamacare is a disaster.  Tweeting your base isn't going to lower premiums
The beginning of the end of the disaster known as Obamacare. Away from socialized medicine toward a free market solution.
Sounds like a plan that @POTUS would love! HUGE!
The Rs don't care...they protected their own health insurance.
Please start a daily tv press briefing after the White House daily charade. Explain the truth to us like a rebuttal. You, Mark and cameras!
Creepo
The answer is Improved #MedicareForAll #HR676
They hate the poor
Planned parenthood should be defunded,, murderous butcher shop,!
This is #Trumpcare now. He owns this
You must just draw these numbers out of the air. Crazy you say you haven't seen it but it's doing all these things. What a liar
That's what they think will lower insurance premiums.
What's happening w Russian investigation while we are focused on that dumb @Scaramucci? Let's focus! #russia #Collusion #TrumpsTaxReturns
Defunds planned parenthood! I'm in. Skinny repeal now.
So that's the number Mitch thinks will allow Republicans to stand looking at themselves in the mirror, and sleep at night?
I like the sound of that!
If GOP wants something really bad, Mark my words, It's A HEIST!
instead of defunding Planned Parenthood how about they defund Congress
Defunds PP?  I'm in.
How much farther can the health ins market collapse. Tell us about your Obama care plan senator. just give americans the senate health plan!
I just got a letter.  In Delaware my rates going up 32 percent.  I'll take my chances
people who had insurance don't haveit now. you mean 16 million able bodied people will lose their medicare they were given by Obama care.
Medicare is different from medicaid. The majority of those on Medicaid are children and those who are disabled.
LET THEIR PARENTS TAKE CARE OF THEM LIKE MY FATHER AND MOTHER HAD TO. OBAMA CARE JUST EXPANDED FREE STUFF YOU LIBS LOVE FREE STUFF
#plannedparenthood does a lot of education and prevention, services of great value for our people! #healthcare
And for many rural areas the only clinic around
I know you've been working double triple time on this but please don't let them pass any of just craziness and to law
planned parenthood should not be funded one penny by tax dollars...people have ins so they can go to a real doctor
sounds like OC minus defund of PP; the HC markets already crashing with OC. Why didn't you fix OC over 8 yrs. You need to be fired
So you want to make your own choices, but you want to force your beliefs on other people....that makes sense
We were founded on freedom of religion so you can't pass a law based of a religious belief not all share. Planned Parenthood does a hell of
A lot more than abortions.

Stop whining & do your job. Stop this craziness!!!!
did you know that a lot of those same people have dogs, they go to beauty shops, they eat out, they smoke cigarettes and drink beer
you and your rich friends could buy those 16 million people some insurance if you weren't so greedy
The GOP are talking about Auschwitz skinny.
Tax cut for wealthy
Ridiculous! Stay strong please!
Why have t we not seen this bill.  Like the emperor has no clothes.  Unbelievable how we entrust all of you to make good decisions.
Partied last weekend with your son,
Pretty cool dude, but hogged most the blow
I wish our GA senators didn't just say, "Yes, please!" to anything @realDonaldTrump asks!!!  @SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue
Same in Tn
More Timmy LIBERAL BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!
What about the repeal of the mandate for employer sponsored healthcare that affects nearly half the population?  Is it not headline worthy?
Do something.
Collapse of healthcare markets? Funny, I don't remember the world ending prior to the ACA. Defund @PPact!
Thank you Senators. To bad you won't protect real Americans. You can't trust @SpeakerRyan
Scream it louder please.
Why r the Dems not calling out Rubio & other GOPs tht pushed defund of O'care causing premiums to rise?
Kill the bill
No one talking about insurance companies as the reason for this. 2 much donor$. This is why affordable healthcare was approached to begin.
Hey Tim kaine where do you get your insurance from obama care ? I doubt it lets see you use obama care and pay for it
More ppl w/ infectious diseases going undiagnosed - and spreading it.
Most people don't believe that.
You also never dealt with the bs monopolies these insurers have over specific areas of the country.
Donald Trump    in action
You weren't concerned with 300% treatment-prohibitive Obamacare premium/deductible increases on the working middle class.
#FullRepeal ONLY!
I would ad that ya'll never really adressed the cost and prices issue or the ceo pay bs.
Thank you for continuing to fight for us
Remove medical device tax?
That wouldn't surprise me. But then ACA was never exactly what we were looking for certainly not with that stamp act mandate and fine trap.
I thought parliamentarian said PP defunding needed 60 votes? This whole process is so confusing and completely screwed up.
and 20k of the most vulnerable Americans dead
@realDonaldTrump @GOP Sadly Tim, POTUS and the GOP do not care for the average American, especially the poor.  They show it constantly!

Why did you vote to not support single payer/Medicare for all bill today? You voted "present " like a coward
And for what public p purpose would they do this? Legislative malpractice to pass this bill. Cruel. Irresponsible.
i agree lets do nothing and let the whole thing collapse/fail, then we can deal with it.  Tax reform.
this bill needs to be stopped in its tracks, not sent to conference, really, their reasoning vote yes on it n hope it doesn't b/c law. SMH
Did you really just make this a race issue. Really.
Shocking : @SenSchumer says @SenateDems are open to single-payer, yet not a single one voted for it this afternoon.
