let’s just end insurance and go to Single Payer.
Duh no
wow. Excellent point. You’ve changed my mind … said no one ever.
Keep fighting for us Sir!
He's not fighting for us, he is fighting for himself by trying to incite us. Transparent, will not work in my household.
Disagree... whole heartedly
Please keep going, Tim.  Thank you.  In south west part of the Commonwealth we need you.
Hey! That's where I live! Hi, neighbor! 
I'll take the 302 it would cut my bill in half. Much better off before government got involved in my healthcare.
Lucky to be at $302.  Geez many Ohio plans over $600 with 7,000 - $9,000 ded. ObamaCare has failed. Time to start over. @POTUS
ACA has emphatically not failed, despite years of GOP obstruction to cause it. GOP is why premiums increased, insurers dropped out. Had they
simply left it alone (since expecting GOP to actually DO something to help citizens is out of question) it would be fine. As it is, ACA
saved my life, allowing me to have cancer treatment when I lost employer coverage in the middle of it. Trumpcare means ongoing care will be
exorbitant or impossible due to loss of preexisting conditions protections. I am researching ways to get meds & care by traveling to Mexico
or Canada. Sad but true. Make America Go Abroad?
That is just EVIL! I live in Virginia, but I receive Medicare until Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell concoct a way to make that unaffordable.
That's less than what ocare increased mine. Nevermind the 500% deductible & loss of doctors.

"SOME PLANS",.. How many Timmy?? STOP WITH THE INFLAMING,.. Do what you were ELECTED to do, work for solutions. Opposing Trump ain't it!!
Now mine is 1375.00 with 7500.00 deductable. DOUBLE THE COST AND TRIPLE THE DEDUCTABLE OVER LAST 2 YEARS.
What would the fine be for opting out?  You know, like freedom to choose?
and in Louisiana, I'm self-pay 1250.00 per month with 6,000.00 deductible, single, no job, go figure
"For some plans" is the key phrase. For "some cars" you pay more too, especially if they are better. We just don't want "some" healthcare.
The problem i have with  @TheDemocrats they don't seem to have a clear strategy and the @GOP sees it too and is taken advantage of that.
What about other than "some" plans. Are your followers that naive? Wow. @POTUS @CNNPolitics @MSNBC @FoxNews
And Obamacare caused a 160% increase in one year in AZ and expected to increase another 40-60% in 2018. Why don't you ever talk about that??
So much for being cheaper than ACA.
Raise your hand if you're paying only $182 a month for your Obamacare.
What does $100 buy in VA?  Is that a week of groceries? This months heating bill?  For many rent and utilities eat up over x% of mo income.
How much will your #premiums increase..? That's what I thought... #liar #congress should be on #aca. Then they would be #serious about fix.
Keep doing the right thing and voting against these ridiculous proposals
Keep on defending Obama care another reason not to vote democrat
Keep at it Senator Kaine.  Appreciate you and your staffs hard work and dedication to us! Trumpcare!
I LEAVE IT TO PRES BUSH & AMERICAN LEADERS TO FIGURE IT OUT...AFTER TOMORROW...MAKE ME PROUD!
BS Even the C.B.O report says premiums will go down by 33 percent. Democrats are so dishonest. "Pass the bill so you'll know what's in it"
If people who made these decisions had to live for even a month without access to healthcare we'd be single payer so fast.
Who has a premium of 182?  Please introduce me to them.
Gaaah. This whole thing is such a nightmare.
Which means less food for many VA families
TRUMPCARE IS A DISASTER!
That's cool I am paying two thousand a month with a 5k deductible. But you have great coverage so rock on
Try get lower affordable
Tim you know that's not true stop the lying.
So ObamaCare and the senate plan suck. Do nothing senator
Are you kidding me .  aca premiums went up higher and to 14500 out of pocket .
HELP @timkaine PLEASE HELP MY FRIEND WHO JUST GOT THIS LETTER GOING INTO #july4th WEEKEND WORRIED EMPLOYEES AND FAMILY
Tell us how much you pay and deductibles under your fraudulent congressional plan.
You're sickening! How much do hard working Americans pay so lazy people get for free?
More libtards fake news.
For whom? For most middle class, $302 would be a savings.
Wow @GOP talking about ACA premiums & AHCA delivering the same results @TheDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
How the hell do u know that. It's not even in effect yet
And....Insurance companies that r offering coverage in VA this year r pulling out 4 coverage in 2018. Is this bc of uncertainty @timkaine ?
This is not supporting the veterans!
More than that under obamacare if they can find an insurer and a doctor but still unable to use it for high deductible.
Thank you for working to protect the health of Virginians and all Americans
Celebrate July 4th with patriotic rejection of Medicaid cuts for tax breaks for the wealthy. Country needs affordable health care for all.
A single payer system is needed so that we have  #healthcare4all whether #Medicare or a new setup doesn't matter
again I ask what are you doing to turn repubs yes votes to no votes
Senator your focusing on $$$ only, lets see what the long term pros are versus the cons. Stop reading into things
better than the 100%+ for many plans under ObamaCare,
We cannot let this happen with someone who knows nothing about health care or who cares about those at/below the poverty level.
So what r the percentages under Obamacare? Don't want to talk about that, do you?
Obviously cherry picking.  "Average monthly premium"  "for some plans"
Which is it?
With the new year 2017, ACA premiums were projected to increase between 20% to 450% except in Mass. where there was a 2% projected drop.
LETS SEND THE BILL TO TRUMP! He said it would be better and cheaper!!
@ChuckGrassley read this today Chuck
that's just fantastic.
I already can't afford to buy it as it is so please do not back this bill or this will become a red state
We can only hope it does!
OMG-- about what people pay for an iPhone plan... so if they can afford an iPhone they can afford healthcare..
Not an accurate statement. You don't continue to pay for a phone for every month that you own it. Premiums are however tied to coverage.
Wow...who is only paying $182 a month?
How many counties in the US have only one or no insurers under the ACA?
That was before Obamacare. You need to at least triple that. This is the problem you haven't a clue.
So, when none of us can afford insurance or  healthcare how will big pharma make it's $$$? Seems counter intuitive no?
Shut up.
Very bad
Honoring our vets the Republican way
Save it, tool bag
You didn't care when premiums and deductibles skyrocketed under Obamacare. Still waiting on my $2500 savings
Just 66%? Mine in Calif increased 245% on premium and Deductible from $1200 to 8700 under the ACA
Some plans?  Are those the plans for the Rich?
OOOOOHHHHH!!!!!!!! NOOOOO!!! MILLION TIMES NOOOO!!!! Care with that hidious name ?? NO WAY!!!!! José
Not good.
And what are you gonna do about it
