he needs to show his taxes and his ties to Russia
Love the hat- HRC needs to admit to felony email server, 44 for sending $mill$ions to Iran, Pay for play.....
lets stick to 45s treason, I think that's more dangerous right now 
Evidence please - don't you think if 44 who investigated this had evidence- we would know?
like the supposed evidence of 44 not being born in US? Here a blind person c 45 is surrounded by #russiagate
Keep drinking that liberal koolaid. Seems it's clouded your vision. Canada is waiting for you!
use of cliches are indicative of an absence of logical well thought out arguments. Bless ur  Lori #thatsall
Bless yours as well - I know #MAGA is driving you liberals crazy. Lol
he has lie his whole life what makes you think that he will change now ? He is a pathological lier !! Don't ask for miracles !!
you are a pathological misspeller
and you are a golden shower pathological drinker !! Empty head troll!!
not watching and hearing his voice makes me want vomit.
Trump can NEVER be trusted.
@HouseGOP dems obstruct the peaceful transfer of power of a duly elected President. gonna cost you a lot of seats. Count on it.
We are fortunate to have a President who is working at MAGA!  God Bless President Trump!
Sir... don't worry...we finally have someone who holds himself accountable... a rare thing
Lipstick on a pig ring a bell?
his words are meaningless, actions harmful. Please fight for clean water, education, and please try to save the EPA.
EPA at the Federal level is an unconstitutional burden on Tax payers. Free the people who saved their own rain water
your thought process here is mind blowing to me. The "burden" of the EPA saves our lives, cleans the air & water.
hey sno flake keep watching TV
phoney
like you and hillery
My state Dems are putting their party first instead of the people in all the state. The whole state isn't beltway voters.
they have caused worry everywhere
oh shut up Zharvey
from the wilderness again..gun manufacturers sit on the board of the NRA, and will block proliferation of guns, your aid is needed
from the wilderness any attempt at sensible gun control will be met with massive amounts of money to your opponents,have courage
.@timkaine That is hypocritical. Pres Trump HAS BEEN fulfilling the promises he made during campaign. Why would you think that would change?
YOU LOST GET OVER IT BE A MAN!!!
Sen Kaine - Are Dems willing to come to the table for the good of the nation?  Really disappointed at Dems post speech.
.@timkaine I shaved my Virginia and it's sexy smooth.
You lost, you're irrelevant!
Shut up, he is relevant por the people of VA. And that's what matter.
Maybe for you, not for me.
Why on earth do we sit back while he rolls back environmental protections?
its not just on pres trump It no all of u that have been voted in to your job So i hope u all can work together and do whats right
I am one voter screaming from the wilderness! Can you, will you champion sensible gun control legislation, please
if you want to waste time putting a bill up that will get voted down 100% of the time
you sir are out of touch with America  you will realize that sooner or later
agreed
so far he has done what he said he would do. Put away your partisan belief and work with him, NOW!!
oh, he's going to stick it to us. He can't kiss my ass and at the same time, try and slip "it" in.
his promise of deporting immigrants, excluding Muslims, building oil pipelines on sacred land, and polluting our water & our world
nice that we didn't get someone with 20 plus years of action that was worrisome in this place.
i didnt vote fir DT.but I am surprised & pleased with his 1st month.
Trump's promises are garbage-you know that. He can't tell truth. Policies garbage too and not supported by evidence but by hate.
he was gaslighting & we all know it. #trumpliesmatter
so agree. A well written speech is not action. We will see.
you're a fraud. It has been the progressive agenda that created the mess we're in- your agenda fraud.
All of his other promises he's kept the left flipped their lids, now you want him to keep promises? Dems are so wishy washy.
BS Trump is the only politician that keeps his word. You sir are not one of those.
I would be worried to that Va has the highest number of missing children.
what worries?
you actually are considering believing what a con man, former reality star spew forth tonight ?.he cannot deliver what he promises
Oh please! Worst speech ever, and I hate when good liberals  find unity with a really shitty pub president.
YOU WORK FOR AMERICANS, WE PAY YOU! Trump tried to warn you of the REVOLUTION coming. Americans are very angry.
DEMOCRATS  ARE SO STUPID!!!!
don't expect a change #trumptrain #draintheswamp
I'm not worried. He didn't make promise he asked for congressional help! I'm sure you know where laws come from
Agreed with 37% of the script and applauded where appropriate. The other 63% was a GOP rally I politely sat down for. #GoHigh
Stay strong. It's all BS
I'm in Hampton Roads and they have caused me substantial worry. I hope our representatives will keep things in check up there.
as a virginia resident, I'm freaking out. Also watching our republican legislature like a hawk.
.  Phoney
he has done more than any president in many years 
reading a teleprompter is easy, governing is harder.
You said it, sir
Which voice will we hear tomorrow?  Are we all fooled yet?  Not I, strong mines prevail watch!
. NOT TO WORRY /  HE  WONT
Well that's better Tim. A more positive tone. It is appreciated. Trump will help all Americans. Emphasis on Americans.
grow up
His actions against @Caltrain and @PPact already show his statements to be lies
Please do your fucking job and help DJT #MAGA
...sir, trump has no position on anything. When will you learn that. Alexandria, VA
like how he promised to release his taxes?? Words! That's all he has.....Lie lie lie #donthecon #NOTMYPRESIDENT #resist
I think Trump says what he thinks people want to hear, and then, he goes and does whatever he wants.
Amen.Let's see what tomorrow brings
looks like he is discovered the Country
and in NC!
I agree. But remember these are not his words
He won't. We all know that he won't unless it fills his or his buddies pockets.
what plant have you been hanging out on because we have watched day by day the promises he has kept
~ First month of actions have been a disaster. Don't placate or play around with this Administration. #Resist
They have caused worry every where 
Please stop applauding his lies. He uses Chinese steel and makes most of his products overseas. He will poison our water & air.
senator Kaine. Standing for Drumpf for ANY reason makes my stomach turn.
DISAGREE
why the fuck are you standing and clapping for that man and his policies.   Sit down.
Senator Kaine I don't believe a word he is saying. He should be impeached and NOW.
Why are you clapping for Trump's policies?
I volunteered for you. I'm hurting right now. And you can't even be brave enough not to clap?
Words don't matter, actions do.
Not only in VA. One month feels like at least a year. Fear, worry, anxiety, embarrassment, disgust, and head-shaking. Need sanity.
legalize marijuana in VA for chronic pain autoimmune disorders like me. No opioids are given. Why do I live in pain 24/7
I don't think there is any sincerity or credibility to Trump's words
Sally, Pres Trump has kept all of his campaign promises so far. That's why the sissy Washington Post MSM is so unhinged. #rva
Really, please just take care of your state.
Mr Real VP. I've heard pretty words from predators all my life. Nothing he says has value. His only goal is to unite klan&nazis
you cause worry in VA, resign now!
@BettyBuckley His words mean nothing.
thats putting it a bit mildly, TK.  From RVA
Blamer-in-Chief blames military for SEAL Owens death, blames Jews for anti-Semitic attacks, even blames Obama for being too cool.
Wow. Could you use blander and more lifeless language? 'Caused to worry'....this is why we have to watch this traitor tonight.
Theonlywords he sticks 2 seem 2 screw middle & lower income/biz & productive rich & Corp America. Don't expect that 2 change.
You know what else causes pain and worry? Marijuana prohibition. Support ending federal prohibition Senator Kaine!
Um...more than a little concerned about him sticking to what he's said he would do...why would we want that???
Tim Pres. Trump is just fine you should be lucky Clinton did not win she would have made your life miserable!
btw, belated thank you for asking the tough q's on behalf of our #SpEd kids @ DeVos hearing. Really appreciate it despite outcome
The worries in VA have nothing to do with Timmy. Blame others when in doubt. Sounds about right.
he's caused worry on a global scale!
#JointAddress
no they haven't. But years of you, Warner, and McAuliffe have.
what scares me is if he sticks to promises since he doesn't seem to care about/respect the people of this country #Jointsession
aka RMS Titanic deck chair re-arranger whose last request to the band was #PlayThatFunkyMusicWhiteBoy. #JointAddress #Kleptocracy
your confirmation votes have caused worry. As have @SenatorWarner's.
a lot of worry! But we're ready to hold him accountable!
Trumps words mean shit he is an immoral liar. When you gave that and you stay silent you are complicit.
And, I was disappointed that Tim Kaine was caught 'on camera' applauding for #Trump 
sounds like you are a doubter, get behind him and help us get better
please just focus on how to get him the hell out of office
Trump 8 years
- he promised a ban & a wall! Sadly - he seems to stick to his hateful rhetoric.
Not just VA.  Around the world. #Still with her .... And you Tim
I'm sorry, Senator Kaine. You and Hillary deserved this.
yes all we've seen so far; plans for rich, hotels & golf, intimidated,fear, hate & empty promises
I'm not watching because he doesn't listen
Narcissistic pathological lying liar. Never my president #BlackOutTrump #russiagate
no worry here. The worry is the result of the activists CNN, NYT, ABC, NBC, CBS and the Huffington Post.
Tim's Promise we could Keep Our Doctor! Keep our Plan! & It would be Affordable! 3 LIES & You are OUT!
I can't watch him he makes me a nervous wreck. I end up crying wondering what's next. He's a horrible person horrible
Worry?! I cannot sleep at night!
1st month has worried our entire country! Please fight for us all Senator Kaine I'm from Nebraska &MyRepsAre puppets on a string!
1 month has only worried SJW snowflakes, the rest of us are excited.
he promised division and injustice. We need ALL Dems to hold him accountable for everything remember #alieisalie #resist
you had your 8 years and nothing changed.
his promises don't matter if they didn't make any sense in the first place.
to most of America, that's a good thing Tim
his promises are part of the problem. #resist
since when was making America better a problem?
we see better, differently. I don't see millions of uninsured, expanded military but less education, or racism as better.
I see strong national security, returning power to the states, fair trade, and control of our border. Pretty good promises.
I'm not sure either one of us is going to see the others perspective on this one.
- What about his Russian ties? Do we let them ride?
I am so relieved HRC is not giving the speech tonight!
@ebishopphoto 

I disagree, Mr. Kaine. Trump's words mean jack-squat. The sooner he's gone, the sooner we can heal. #trumprussia
Heal??? From the last 8yrs of empty promises, LIES, corruption, worse president?Yeah, good point...DJT will help heal USA
Wake up - he is doing what he campaigned on. are you drinking that koolaid while Tweeting? #TermLimits
Trump's words tonight won't matter because the moment he opens his mouth, we're conditioned to know he'll lie.
Since he's likely parroting someone else's words and has the memory of a gnat, don't count on it.
HOW can one believe a pathological liar, opportunistic conman? Who doesn't even stick to what he said 30 secs before? 
1 DOESN'T
Exactly.I look for words that try and help the Republican Party squelch some of the unhappy Americans. Promises promises.No trust.
Sound the Bull Shit Alert. Dems cry if Trump do what he said, will cry too if he did what they want. NOT GOING TO HAPPEN, Timmy.
sir, he has proven time and again his words do not matter.  He is first and foremost a selfish liar.  He will not change
Trump has also caused worry in higher education #JointAddress
Organizations and Students who promote violence, destruction of property need to be defunded from.any grants/subsidy
With all do respect senator, Trump  can do a million great things, but if not reported fairly...it will never be acknowledged.
it's not like his promises are good either though
not just VA. The entire world.
No it hasnt. Only with you and democrats
I think I'll skip liked all democrats should I think I'll skip like all Democrats should!!!!@!
I find it strange that anyone would believe anything he says. It defies logic at this point.
kind of like believing Barry when he said if you like your insurance, you can keep it?
That thing Is #NotMyPresident 
I hope he trip and fall walking in.
As they should.
Don't count on it.
I'm in VA & I worry more about what you are saying & have done to this great state!
he will say anything then turn around and say he didn't say it he is a liar
he's a bad boyfriend. He will pretend to care. He won't call. He'll lie and cheat on you. He'll dump you and post nudes of you.
Exactly right, Senator Kaine. Words only go so far, especially from this con man. Let's see a change in policy and proposals.
Plesae heckle him when he says "believe me!"
not watching. #BlackoutTrump
his words are as hollow as his ideas. No confidence in him.
Canada is waiting for you
he's been on target so far, thanks for supporting Americas President, no worry from the people
They have caused worry among Socialist SJWs, no one else. Go back to being irrelevant.
they've caused worry EVERYWHERE!
amen 
Dems are scared and worried over everything, snowflake
concern #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether & losers like u & the DEMS need to stop promoting civil disobedience
