This isn't a healthcare bill. 

It's a political problem that GOP has created bc their legislation is TOXIC. Upping the ante with each try.
its a deathcare bill that will kill millions of americans and they know & dont care
More diversity needed in Congress! #Congressiscorrupt #Votethemout #2018 #Time4Change
No it will hurt their bottom line.  They used to bellying up to the insurace teat.

The ACA, which Sen Kaine voted for and still supports is killing the middle class.   Kids, adults and seniors are hurt by the ACA, REPEAL IT
BULLSHIT
When the cost of medical & senior care can cost people their home, their good credit, their dignity & everything they've worked for ENOUGH!
Why not kill off the old, young, disabled? #MAGA right?? Then no more poor people and the rich get richer, right?
EVERY major organization-ask Kimmel. He's got it right.
Tim we are counting on you to fight this hard! A lot of lives at stake and we need some heroes - be one please.
@CelaineF  Those sound like good enough reasons for US!


OPPOSE #GrahamCassidyBILL
Know what else hurts those people? Our unstable, corp driven healthcare system in general. Understand millions NEED #MedicareForAll. #M4A
When will old, rich white men, who already have insurance, stop making decisions for the rest of America?? #Vote #2018 #diversitymatters
Graham Cassidy health care bill is classic bait and switch to reduce taxes for the rich. Children n elders lose. Why?
And anyone who is poor!

Obama care has already done that
Republicans willing to kill us. I'm hcp, patient too. This will kill ppl. Most states will fail to provide. The cruelty, insecurity of it!
Hope people will remember this the next time they vote.
Donor-driven system has millions praying to not let them kill us. Over time the fascists win anyway. Go ahead: educate us w hell on earth.
I'm sick of this bullshit.
Isn't that the prerequisite for any action by this regime...oops.. administration?
America First; just not all who need health insurance. GOP; Politics Over Patients
Senator, you said this hurts patients, kids & seniors....Then this new bill sounds a lot like the ACA which you supported.
BULLSHIT
And anyone over 50.
And under 50.
All military personnel have pre existing conditions when they come home from war GOP U gonna deny them care
Name them
@realDonaldTrump has @IvankaTrump on "Dr. Oz" to prove how much admin cares about women, while he makes pregnancy a pre-existing condition.
When will those who are so opposed ACA ever listen to the majority of Americans and not their backers and lobbyists?
What about the people who ca't afford Obamacare.
Because they know if they bust the economy and lower quality of care, the elite docs will be richer and you will be enslaved.
No, because it reduces the theft of money from working citizens that cannot afford health insurance that costs more than a house payment.
Apparently all but 1 Rep and 1 Dem are the only Senators whom care about CH61 Veterans. For 13 years you have all said FU to us about CRDP!
Come veterans day, Christmas and every other holiday, including 2018 election, don't count on US when we can't count on you! Money for the
Rich, for all your pet projects but no money for CH61 retirees. We see and feel the live you have for us. Hope our country treats your son
Better than just the lip service you give us. Yet you wonder why there are so many suicides, because we get broken promises and lip service!
Simply insanity/idiocy? Greedy anti-thesis of health insurance=misnomer?!
Kids and Seniors ARE patients. What an idiot.
It hurts their bottom line…
@realDonaldTrump
That is exactly what republicans want.
It doesn't matter. Please focus on what matters to the GOP which is dark $$$ or is this our job so you don't have to say DAVID or CHARLES?
But it does provide money for a huge tax cut for the rich.  That's why rich Republicans are eager to push it through without any debates.
Obama care hurts everyone
It's intent is to kill as many Americans as possible, to decrease drain on SS
#SinglePayerNow
@SenToomey care to comment?
Why? Because they stand to make billions from government largess.
They're also against Medicare for All... just saying
And new mothers and babies
Healthcare or insurance
Why r u so concerned about people when u support aborting babies
Maybe it cuts off federal money? And they are afraid to lose it.
Really. Where'd you learn that. They also pulled out of Obamacare. Fix the friggin system.  Hello
Nearly....what does that mean? I need FACTS Timothy! Not a miss leading use of the English language
Maybe hurts their pockets?
Old Man Mitchell says I'm sure health Care orgs care more about people than they do profit
BUT NOT THE INSURANCE COMPANIES AND THEIR LOBBYISTS? who stops them?
But it pays the GOP $400M from the Koch brothers!
@OverTheGOP4evr 
Yes this DEATHCARE BILL KILLS CHILDREN ELDERLY DISABLED TOO MANY
Stand up and grow a pair. Put something on the table...@timkaine
And so just let Obama Care fail? You can't rebuild a piece of cheap legislation. Why you ^$$ wipes won't get together and draft new plan...
Thank you senator Jaime
How about some factual details Tim as it appears you have read and understand every word just like you read the ocare bill
The Dems keep criticizing any attempt to overhaul the disastrous Ocare. Do the Dems hate the American people? Senators who are exempt?
And those of us with pre-existing conditions like cancer!
Bull shit
Cuz healthcare orgs don't care about money.
For every baby born fighting for life,there are many born needing no extra care. It balances out. Greed is the problem here.
The same hmos that are dropping Obamacare exchange plans?
Those same health care organizations that Bernie sanders calls evil?
No one even asked for this!  Why are they ignoring their constituents?  Isn't this unethical or illegal?
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy #Resist #Resistance
Your kid out of jail yet?
You forgot to say thousands will die.  Abortions
Are better
I'd still like to know where my 2500 a yr savings went since my premiums went from 400 a month to 1100
The same organizations that blindly supported the catastrophic ACA. Big surprise.
DO NO HARM @RepTomPrice @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr #ACARepeal @BillCassidy #trumpcare @LindseyGrahamSC
Name them.
And you have to do something to stop this I’m sick of the rich getting richer at our expense
Hey...hows that son of yours????
Are people born deaf and visually impaired considered to have pre existing conditions. They don't want a hand out they need medical coverage
I can't imagine the damage you and your boss would have caused. Antifa give your son healthcare ?
You just make this shit up out of thin air?  BTW. How come Hillary hasn't blamed you yet?  You brought to the table only numbing stupidity
The government should not be involved in healthcare.
No.  Because it lessens their grip on the government teet.
And #veterans
@lisamurkowski
@senatorcollins
@SenJohnMcCain
Believe them.  They are the experts and should have always been at the table.
Because, first do no harm. This is exhausting.
How many major healthcare providers are still in the aca?
Rather than just say NO to all the alternatives, why don't you help FIND an alternative to this disaster called ObamaCare?
They are trying. They had bipartisan meetings going on, but GOP decided to stop them all and push this plan instead. Look it up
I don't believe Kaine is trying to anything but obstruct.  These non-supportive tactics we'll leave us all with this disaster Obamacare.
Thank you for your support Senator!
Thank you!!!
You're pro abortion. Does abortion hurts a baby in the womb?
Sen. Kaine, what are you doing about it? Help us help you!!
@timkaine soon gone. No more senator kaine
Because the system is more than just insurance cos and patients. Providers why have spent the last 6 yrs adapting will be obliterated.
Ur ocare  bill hurts EVERYONE TIMMY! Even those of us who has our own ins we have to submit a 1095b form to prove we have ins. Gov mandate!
@SenJohnMcCain Please, please vote NO on this disastrous bill. The people who need it most, will lose coverage. Thousands will die!
Timmy, u make bail on ur tyrant son? Like father, like son!
Will you be sending your Antifa terrorist son to protest?  @OANN @CNN @NewDay @
Never known a major health organization ever to care about the people, over their overhead. #TrumpCare #MAGA
Are you telling me that insurance companies are opposed to removing the federal mandate to buy their product? I'm shocked!
Chris Farley would still be alive today if Republicans didn't murder him by taking away his healthcare.
/sarcasm
Roll up your sleeves and work. Reach up, bend the arc of history... keep pushing forward.Obama
RESIST
Uhhh, that happened about a year ago... so, are you suggesting he try and bend it back? Good luck though.
Evidently that's also the mission f this new Republican party.
You mean to say that it hurts basically anyone in America who would ever receive healthcare of any kind? #GrahamCasiddy
#SaveACA

Hell, it'll kill a lot if Americans! Smart people!
So please don't pass it I am poor with existing heath needs and the way it sounds not good for me and others like me
The @GOP or ##GreedyOldPricks are nothing more than Koch Brother #LapBitches using government for personal gain #RetiretheGOP18
The Kock brothers are Libertarians. Be stupid quieter.
The swamp master doesn't care....   He wants Tax cuts for his buddies
Which major health care organization supports it?  That would be a real story.
This is the exact reason healthcare needs to change. Stop the healthcare  bureaucracy dependency Federal Gov't needs to get out of my health
nearly every household premium in America went up. why? because Obama lied and OC sucks
