@realDonaldTrump seems to be the only person that wants to comply with the constitution. What is wrong with Tim Kaine? Butt hurt still?
I also support the reopening of the Hillary Clinton Investigation by @USAGSessions . No plea deals. Comey colluded with Lynch.
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Dream Act NOW!
I think racists want them gone because they are the best! Big threat!
President cant make laws, Obama overstepped his boundaries, its up to congress. Pick up a book skinny
 #TrumpTroll Alert 

BLOCK @fecalfling #fecalfling

#TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
Why didn't Obama suggest the Congress pass a bill that would provide a path to citizenship? He did an unconstitutional EO! @realDonaldTrump
You turn your back on Americans every day
He took the action that Obama "DEFERRED".  Congress makes laws not president - otherwise you aren't serving any purpose
Nope. Didn't turn his back. He's allowing congress to make it a law, right?
Congress just doesn't like being responsible for making law anymore. It interferes with their campaign rhetoric.
You cannot be objective due to the Hillary election loss so you need to step down. You even support Antifa Terrorists @realDonaldTrump
I think u need to stop slamming our President, considering it was obama & congresses fault and concentrate on ur terrorist son!
Then propose something in Congress and get it passed.  That is why @realDonaldTrump gave it back to you all to do your job.
Because that wouldnt follow the bashing Trump agenda Alex and it would go against thier work ethics of leech off the system & accomplish not
Oh, cool -- tell the one about Emmanuel Rangel-Hernandez who was protected from deportation on drug charges and later killed 4 people
http://www.grassley.senate.gov/news/news-releases/man-charged-murders-was-erroneously-shielded-deportation-despite-gang-ties …
They are my students, and they are wonderful. Hard-working, kind, amazing people. Helpful and peaceful; this is their home.
Most all teachers are very liberal. So why wold we expect you to say anything differently
Your point? We're highly educated, empathetic, aware of the law, extremely intelligent, accepting, caring...which of these threaten you?
U are aware Obama's order to daca wasn't law only Congress can do that that's why Trump put it to Congress to pass law concerning this
You are aware republicans wouldn't pass it as law so he wrote the executive order
Which isn't law as u state u know the law
Oh my Lord, I do not have time to argue with stupid. Think man, think.
Swen Breaking News Mexican Mommys Squat Dropping Baby's Over US Border Before #DACA Termination! MORE TO COME!
Tell us what is going on with the Awans working with attorneys for immunity deals related to Debbie Wasserman Shultz. (Another Dem)
Can we please STOP calling these  #Dreamers They are not dreamers they are illegals. Lets call it what it really is & stop sugar coating it.
If they are dreamers, why havent they tried to become legal citizens, o right then they couldnt receive aid or benefits like the rest of us
They are not Virginians if they are here illegally.
James Comey supported calling the Clinton investigation a "matter" and had no intention to prosecute. @realDonaldTrump
I understand yet another Democrat is under investigation for misuse of taxpayers money in the Millions Bob Mendez @realDonaldTrump
1. It was something temporary 2. There is no law that protects them 3. If obama hadnt signed Exec. Action bet this DACA situation wouldn't b
You @timkaine are disregarding the American #Dreamers killed by #IllegalAliens List attached
https://twitter.com/timkaine/status/905866085722882048 … http://www.fairus.org/issue/examples-of-serious-crimes-by-illegal-aliens …
Pres Trump turned his back on 12,000 VA #DREAMers. I'm about to share some of their amazing stories on the Senate floor #ProtectDREAMers
#dreamers now have 6 months to apply 4 a green card like everyone else entering should #daca
if a #Dreamer succeeded or cont w/a collge degree those do not need #DACA they need #GreenCard lets get our #Dreamers a #RealDeal my opinion
But many #Dreamers Dropped out of school n started having babies #is min wage an #AmericanDream? Is #Welfare an #AmericanIncome?
You and the rest of Congress do your job and work together to pass a permanent version.  Please.
Their law breakers.  I'm sure there are compelling stories of drugs dealers make good
You know Senator, President Obama exec. Order dacca. Even Nancy Pelosi said it boarders on illegal. Trump turned it over to Congress to fix
Quit CRYING like a little BABY and do the job your paid for. If you were in the private sector, they would FIRE YOU!!!!!!!!
Thank you.
Here are some more stories for you to share! https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4545303/laura-wilkerson-testimony-death-son …
https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4457804/testimony-sabine-durden-mother-son-killed-criminal-illegal-alien …

Say, Timmie, how 'bout you share some of our non-dreamer stories? You know, we made it without govt help? With govt against us, in fact?
How about sharing stories on Virginia American dreamers?
Why don't you share stories of the millions of Virginians who are citizens that are dreamers.  Quit trying to protect illegals.
How about congress doesnt do their job and passes the buck onto President Trump....what else did you not do on our dime FOOL?
Wasn't it Obama who broke the law and made them dreamers? Even he said it was just temporary
where were u liars when https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=obama+immigration+reform+2008&view=detail&mid=BB7F842B85CA712D759CBB7F842B85CA712D759C&FORM=VIRE … @realDonaldTrump @gop @SenateGOP call him out... dems fault
@realDonaldTrump DID NOT turn his back on Dreamers and is upholding the law by protecting Americans! 
@BarackObama faulty brike it by DACA!
Good luck. Hope you have an intelligent audience that exercises compassion and supports what this country stands for.
Rule of law first. Other countries need to step up and help own citizens. It's the 21st century and many are still in dark ages!
It may be the 21st century, however the way this government is set up.Views are in the dark ages.Did I mention Healthcare?All about the $$$
The heck with what is good for its people!If one calls this progress their exposure must be limited!
You are a damnable liar. @realDonaldTrump saved them for anoth 5 months - you've had since 2012 - your posturing helps no one! Pass a Bill!
How about sharing some amazing stories about all the jobs you've (not) created for thousands of unemployed Appalachia Virginia citizens?????
Like this #EndDACA
Senator Kaine you are more qualified to speak about overflowing toilets than you are DACA. Not surprised you support illegals
He didn't turn his back on them, he put the issue to the legislature where it belongs. Now do your jobs.
No Timmy, he told Congress to make them legal. Get your ass in gear and get the job done, quit whining # Do your damn job
You're such a liar
topic so important as #immigration has 2 be crafted by parliament-better even w #referendum by #sovereign approved & not a @POTUS decree

.@SenSchumer vs. .@SenSchumer the next time someone says .@realDonaldTrump is racist show them this 
Do your job change the law. It's not up to Trump
Wow, that's half of the people that voted for you.
You lost an election as Clinton's running mate. Now you are losing on your Dreamers stance 
It isn't Mr Trump to blame. Obama's watch.by breaking the law caught up with.him .
Then pass a law
wake up, it is not abt Trump, it's abt the swmp we call Congress failing to do your job.    This is on u take it and run with it.
Turned his back??  That is a blatant lie. He is making lame politicians like yourself work. Get off your butt or zip it.
So much 4 maintaining ur lying record @realDonaldTrump nothing changes-never tells the truth
What about all the men and women who are told you put on a uniform & join our military& go an fight and then get screwed over! NOT OK!!!!
Obama broke his oath imposing DACA. He, not Trump, actually cheated this class of illegals. Because he knew it would be ended and wrong.
What happened to the budget!! What happens VA hospitals?! What about all the people in Kentucky abusing welfare? No y'all are just racist 
He did not. Since, when the CIC upholds the Constitution, he is doing the EXACT same thing a soldier swears to uphold and defend.
This is literally the dumbest thing to be fighting about right now, has NOTHING to do with immigration& everything to do w/hate 
Your messiah president broke the law and created this situation, so stop whining and fix it.  Are you blind or  ????
Don't forget the stories about Rape, Theft, Murder, Drugs, etc.. Those are amazing stories too!
Timmy do you really think the American people believe you race baiting nonsense? Do your job
Thank you!!! 
Are u going to talk about ur "dreamer" son who is a terrorist? Probably not. U raised a great son.
We could share just as many not so amazing stories you Dem Dunce. We could also share sad stories of jobs lost to Illegals too.
you Obama Pelosi and Hillary all lied to the dreamers you putz that's the trade in value of a Democrat lie,deceive, and destroy
Please keep talking @timkaine , it's why you lost the last election and will continue to help the democrats lose again 
I hope enough of your fellow Congressmen/women have hearts. POTUS doesn't seem to.
How about talking about DNC head Debbie Wasserman Shultz and Seth Rich??? Cat got your tongue? Pathetic..
Do your job and pass a law.
You go Tim that will accomplish absolutely nothing #DumbAss
Save your stories and just do your job. Legislate.
You turned your back on them by not pushing legislation before now.
Thats right Timmy don't talk about amazing Citizens who helped you get elected talk about illegal aliens thats who you represent
Waste of money waste of time waste of breath
The President doesn't make law. You do. #doyourjob
You have nothing better to do.
These were the ones dreaming of leadership in MS13?
Proud to be your constituent, Senator Kaine.  You serve with intelligence, heart and honor.
How did people illegally in the country get involved with the VA?
How about you actually support the LEGAL citizens you were elected to rep. And stop trying to stoke anti-American sentiment
have you ever been to #SWVA or martinsville maybe Danville? Those are sad stories. people who are legal and residents of Virginia
Why don't you share stories about your Antifa son while you have the floor?
Ok Timmy.....slowly...step away....from the crack pipe!!
Fund the border wall and give DACA recipients timeframe to fulfill their duties to become a citizen. Blanket amnesty should not be an option
I like that idea but they should have been doing that all this time since Obama implemented the EO.
The spin doctors on the LEFT are doing everything they can to trash Trump, but the people know he's forcing YOU to do what your supposed to
"Hey look at me, I'm a Media Matters troll.....trying to act like Kaine is right cause that's what they pay me to do"
Why do I never see #ProtectAmericans or #AmericaFirst from you? Just who is paying you?
You all Trumperslove to change the subject.  The Dreamers live here; this is their home.  The serve in the armed services here; & pay taxes.
I didn't change it. Illegal means not here legally. Makes no difference if brain surgeon or bum. You libs, illogical.
They didn't make a conscious decision 2 come here.They no no other place.They r in a category of their own. Wtf dude?Where is your humanity?
Senator Kaine has turned his back on Virginians for 12,000 #DREAMers. Can we recall him or prosecute for protecting illegal immigrants.
All you do is tweet. How about getting a consensus together that will pass and get signed. You always sound like a whiner.
Exactly! Wow people make sense do they @timkaine
Reality: Americans have dreams. Kaine & dem progressives put American citizens & legal immigrants last. Kaine obviously hates Americans.
Clinton turned her back on the basket of deplorables. And you were all in...jug head
What bout American dreams? U people r disgusting n so freaking hypocritical! Obama did this illegally 2 make himself look good, He was CRUEL
umm no he did not! There is 6 months for congress like yourself to do ur job! Then #DREAMers are screwed! So do ur job!
Says guy who turned his back on 100,000s of vets in VA system. On thousands of conservatives harassed by IRS. And 4 guys killed in Benghazi.
Turned is back? You lie.

How did he do that exactly???  They are still here.
Are you surprised? ?
What else besides sharing stories are @TheDemocrats in #congress doing about this?
Share on twitter too please
Our Children and Grandchildren have dreams as well!! Don't yours?
Then tell your children to bust their asses to achieve the exact same way these DACA's have their whole lives.
FYI, They Have bust their butts to achieve their Goals, They all have loans out the wazoo for their Education!! None of it Free!!
Corruption in our government for 8 yrs while 44/ Terrorist Muslim did as he pleased! Now congress complains about doing their jobs.
Your son is an Antifa member. Shut up.
He sent it to Congress to write a bill... to make it legal! No deportations will happen until Congress decides! Nothing wrong with that.
Yep. Keep that divisiveness going at all costs! Go team.
Rules for Radicals 101!/
Obama turned his back on all of us. Want to hear a few stories asshole?
Thank you!
.@HillaryClinton "Just because your child gets across the border doesn't mean your child gets to stay"! #DACA
It's an easy fix. Work together 2 give them a path 2 legal citizenship. But you don't seemed 2 want 2 work with the other side. Sore loser!
Did he turn his back? It's about time #congress does some work. #gettowork and make it happen!
Always on the side of issues. Share their stories and don't forget the sufferings of Americans in VA.
Stop tweeting and go to work. You tweet too much. Your job is to legislate. Your welcome.
President Trump those are 2 words that should never be together
You are turning your back on the constitution...
thank you..these are the young people we need in this country to be strong! We are a country a immigrants-strength in diversity
Thanks for your work on this issue, Senator.
WORK?? LOL!!!
WHO CARES DINGBAT.
total lie...  he told congress to make a law.  so it's really your fault they're in the mess they're in.
What about American childern?
What about their future Jobs.
We are not the baby sitter of the world. Cruel that's life get used to it.
Except he is going to sign the DREAM act very soon. But, go ahead and keep scaring your constituents to make sure they vote for you.
Give them hell.
Don't forget Obama's sons...
You are in CONTROL OF THE ILLEGAL UNCONSTITUTIONAL DACA if you do you will not be reelected RIGHT NOW IT IS YOUR PROBLEM NOT POTUS! Coward
Come on Americans we got to vote them out. Give our President the support he need to MAGA
Try telling the truth for once.
Oh I forgot you were Hillary's running mate. She never told the truth. So why would we think you might Right
You Should be sharing #ImpeachTrump
work on legislating, not campaigning, bro.  you can make it a law, not a problem.  suck it up and do your job.
Sen. Kaine you couldn't be more wrong or lie more often. DACA will finally get a shot at citizenship. If left alone reapply every 2 years.NO
When have you shared the stories of native Virginians?
Does he know any?
Good point.
Make sure you talk about Josh Wilkerson.

Since I know you have no idea who that is, try Googling his name.
THIS is who we are:
Will be sharing Tamir Rice's story as well?
The CONGRESS turned its back on dreamers and citizens with its refusal to finally fix the immigration laws.  YOU HAVE FAILED US ALL!
why not interview some legal citizens that came in the right way? why do you wipe your fanny with constitution?
Just a few minutes ago you said there are 7000 exactly how many are there voting illegally for Democrats in Virginia
The numbers changed dramatically lol I'm glad you caught that too lol
You turned your back on the American people
Go to Russia Kim...getttt!
he fixed a broken temporary law, stop complaining and make it a real law he can sign already.  WHAT DO YOU EVEN DO BUT COMPLAIN, BRO? #MAGA
Thank you for supporting DREAMers!
he's not.  the last thing he wants is for @realDonaldTrump to get credit for making a law and not some stupid EO that isn't worth anything.
He already said they can stay
You should be more current Timmy 
