Liar, liar pants on fire. Not cutting Medicaid, limiting growth. Typical Dem distorting facts for own political agenda.
And if Medicaid keeps expanding the federal govt - that YOUR PARTY drove stealthily into DEBT - will completely destroy this country!
A huge blow to poor, disabled, children, elders who NEED medicaid. Trump wants to kill them off, they cost gov't money he wants to pocket.
#Quitlying! Slowing #Medicaid expansion is not #slashing! #fakenews
I'd slow down with the lectures there, it does look like millions of Americans will lose coverage
Most of the millions they are talking about are the ones that won't get insurance because now they don't have to.
Those losses were for Medicaid, a population that is mostly exempt from the mandate. Please do try and keep up
Ty for voting no. Mental health needs covered as an existing condition
MY money from KY funding VA Medicaid for able-bodied folks while I pay out the nose for my own insurance. NOPE, NOPE, NOPE.
62% of state budgets controlled by Fed govt. That has to stop. States must get out of so much Fed dependence
This is the most cruel policy to date 174 days in and the Senate wants to throw this country into utter chaos.  Thank you for your service.

medicaid intended for most needy badly abused. U. Must clean it up
Cut it completely. Get the Feds out of the healthcare business. Taper off Medicare over a 30 year period. Get the Feds to follow the law
Then obviously Virginia has a lot of work to do in creating jobs and not encouraging long term govt program dependence
How about the blows You Tim put on the state budgets! Liberals are the most fiscally irresponsible asshats! Sit back and watch how it's 
...my "employer" ins, which Dems portray as tantamount to being free is from large publicly traded co & I pay +$7600/yr JUST IN PREMIUMS!
Medicaid is not touched. Have Democrats lied so much they are now incapable of telling the truth?
I can't wait till you are out of office. You're a hack.
Propaganda. Not slashing Medicaid. cutting the future increases to it and you also need to learn the definition of treason before you accuse
You disgust me with your agenda Tim Kaine
you know slashing Medicaid is a LIE so why say it?
Lie
Then how about you adjust our budget to get rid of the fraud, waste and abuse?
Only in the minds of libs could a slowing of INCREASES be called a 'slash' or a cut.  Keep up the hypocrisy----u will help re-elect Trump.
Couldn't agree more. The more they try to tear him down with nothing to back up what they're saying, the more I like President Trump
I'm not sure r they cutting or just slowing the growth doesn't it go up every yr but they want to reduce the amount it goes up#truth better
So why should people in Ohio have to pay for people's healthcare in Virginia
GFYS
SENATOR THE PRESIDENT KNOWS THAT THIS HEALTHCARE IS A DANGEROUS  TOPIC! I DON'T THINK THE PRESIDENT IS A TREATH!
Slashing Medicaid kills MILLIONS of disabled, poor, elderly and children. DO NOT SLASH IT, get RID of Trump for treason WITH his son.
Oh, that's #TrumpDontCare!
There is no such thing as #trumpcare - only an obnoxious pompous ass would name a healthcare after himself....oh wait @CNN @FoxNews
Your Governor shouldn't  have taken the bait. That's on the state of Virginia now.
Why are there so many people so dependent on government benefits in your state Timmy?
And Virginia didn't even adopt Medicaid! States that actually have lower premiums for "normal" subscribers - =>premiums through the roof!
Repubs don't give a shit. They are ok passing #TrumpCare that's garbage @SenateMajLdr
It Would be a big blow to #Medicaids home & community based services that families like mine rely on to keep our child alive & home
vote no on any big tax cuts for wealthy plz
I'm curious to know why you think that just because you're wealthy you should have to pay $50 to 60% in taxes
Thank you Senator for keeping focused on this. I'm a constituent in Alexandria VA
You should be insulted that he's lying to you
WHY is Jared Kushner STILL in our White House & receiving a paycheck from American People AFTER Russian Collusion & U.S. Election Tampering?
@IvankaTrump: Jared doesn't receive a paycheck.  Neither does Ivanka.
ARE YOU POSITIVE about this or do you STILL believe everything habitual liars say in public that benefits themselves? I REQUIRE PROOF.
Everyone knows Jared Kushner and Ivanka are not getting a pay check and President Trump donates his.
Apparently @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP will go to any length to give tax break to rich & punt this tough subject to states and off their plates!
"It's now potential treason" is what you said earlier. If you are just now believing that, than you are late to the party.
IT HAS BEEN TREASON SINCE THE GODDAMN ELECTION!!! WHERE IS SOMEONE IN THE DNC WHO WILL STAND UP AND NOT ALLOW THESE TYPE OF ONGOING TREASON
BY THE gop BACKED #ORANGETREASONWEASEL? How are you and the Democratic party letting this happen? C'mon man... #LEADORGETOUTOFTHEWAY!!!
You look so stupid that it cracks me up every time I see you tweeting out the word treason. You need to go back and watch Schoolhouse Rock
You live in a fantasy world (called Government) where reductions in growth is "slashing". Take a few years off.
The GOP doesn't give a rat's a$$ who will suffer. Just want to say they replaced ACA.
By slashing ObamaCare the People can choose what coverage they want, save money, better care & existing conditions covered.
Yes bud, we know.......
What are you on it might be dangerous, just thinking about your health NOT
Still nothing on the USMC crash, just politics. Why do you hate the military?
Proves to everyone you should be fired for your state to ''depend'' on Federal Money. Your state should be self sufficient.
And the limp wimp clutters again.
Tim Kaine, we need to be rid of the whole idea of slashing Medicare..Continue your fight. We need you and others who think like you.
Pay your own way. No one owes it to you to pay for your medical!! Take care of yourself.
All you have are complaints no solutions
You're miss leading ppl.
Republicans want to eliminate all entitlements. That word is very distasteful to them. Healthcare too.
More like "PutinCare".
You're really showing your ignorance when you say something like that
Government get out of ins. Let the American choose! Nothing is free?
You're wrong dude
Thank you. Good to know I'm not the only one calling out their bullshit propaganda creating hatred for a patriotic president
Oh no, you mean you'd have to make due with just 1.4billion!!??
Virginia needs Medicaid expansion, not reduction!
