I truly hate the liars that call themselves representatives they are destroying the country. Someone needs to handle it. Patriots,let's Roll
Trump is the greatest Patriot of all. Not a politician losing bastard like Kaine but a true,American. The racist left shall be destroyed .
Don't forget timmy, you told your base to take their fight to the streets.  Blood is on your hands
No that's the one thing he's right about taking the fight to the streets
No is really is not taking it to the,street he is,a sale out and he will lost and he well pay the ultimate price for picking the wrong side
Don't forget this is Virginia and every vote has to overcome every bureaucratic Northern Virginia vote we must turn out but not for a rhino
The rhinos have turned this into an Open Primary state so Democrats can vote it's doubtful we'll ever have a strong conservative so...
In Virginia it will be same as it ever was live in Virginia Beach Scott Taylor is a rhino surrounded by rhinos
Who are you anyways? A toilet store ?
Kaine condones violence on the left through his silence.
Your son is a star!!!! Watch https://t.co/AA5VgrDaJI?ssr=true
Is this the same Mayor who told police to stand down?  Your defense of Antifa is the reason you lost to Trump in 2016.  You don't get it.
Nice sentiment but I remember @timkaine calling for violence in the streets even if he & MSM don't
You RABigot and your whole family are liars and you need to be investigated on the deal estate deal that u was involved do u remember 2.68 M
Hey Tim, having a son who is a leftist antifa member, how dare you? Your son is the problem, guess he got that from his parents.

I hope you are pushing Donald OUT!!! THE TRUMPTANIC IS SINKING FAST!!!
You met for the photo op, who are you kidding? You're jumping on the bandwagon. What's next Tim, rename Washington, DC? How about Swamptown?
WHY were the Police told to stand down. WHY did they allow Antifa & BLM to March with no permit!
Why were they allowed to clash
It was Setup
There was no leadership, or the riot would not have happened.  You people are disgusting.
Why did @GovernorVA fail/refuse to protect public safety maintain public order by ENFORCiING NO MASK in PUBLIC laws? http://www.anapsid.org/cnd/mcs/maskcodes.html …
Kaine you are a New World Order globalist. You know it and we know it. Guess what, in the end Jesus Christ wins.
#Charlottesville came out in mass @UVA to denounce racism Wednesday night. The #lightinthedarkness.
Where was law enforcement?
Was your son one of the violent alt-left protesters in Charlottesville? Like in Minnesota? Is that why you won't admit to their blame?
Kaine is a liar needs to be voted out,and put in jail for fraud he committed on real estate deal on low income project he made 2.86 million
This is what a presidential person would do!
Lks like the perfect time for a Creepy Clown..Photo op
@realDonaldTrump @TomiLahren @TerryMcAuliffe you mean their immoral corruption.
How much happier, safer and more cohesive our world would be with you and Hilary in the WH. Tragic we have DT totally unfit always was.
Didn't you say to take fights to the streets so thank you...
You fail your citizens, you fail to do your duty, you fail to protect innocent people.  You need to resign.
Causing a race war by telling police to #StandDown is something 2 really b proud of!  #ControlTheCrowd no lives lost!
Yeah....as the police stood down and let a child get killed
how moral was it for gov and mayor and police chief to allow out of control violence to prevail---you really that dumb Kaine?  must be
This came from the top stand down don't get a permit grab clubs in anything you can and attack son we got your back
LOL you are there to bail out your privileged communist son comrade
And to bail ur kid out of jail?3 arrests were made initially and we know he is alt left. Must be nice to read that on family Christmas cards
Your son is a racist he was arrested and went to jail for being a thug thug thug. Go home raise your family right.
You mean give them a check?
#ImpeachTrump
Did you question Signer why he allowed the violence to take place? Why the police were not ordered to intervene. Blood is on his hands.
Your son couldn't go because he's in jail?
Crap, man. Sit up in your chair. You're a goddamn US Senator!
Let this family grieve- you look like you showed up for the pictures
When are you going to include Antifa  in your condemnation of violence ?
There was nothing moral about Signer he started this whole thing no one with a brain does what he did
You're still a lousy person and so is your son.
What's Up With This SHIT Timmy?
WADR the Mayor was aware tone & chants on Fri he felt no need for Nat Guard or his presence? How can you teach race you don't understand?
thank god someone is showing moral leadership...
Please pursue a legislative agenda that limits T's ability to start a nuclear war by requiring approval from others
Moral leadership...??? Really???
Genocidal DEMS are directly responsible for 780,000+ dead during CIVIL WAR! FOR WHAT? So you could keep SLAVERY!! Skeletons rattling R URS!
Moral ledership? Hardley! where were the police 2 keep groups seperate & protect avg citizens in midst of all this? Y in a Sanctury city??
Good because you have zero moral leadership you fool.
Please step down from office, Senator. You do not represent VA or her values.
Make sure u tell them that their weak leadership, stupid decisions led to an innocent woman beimg killed...dirtbag
Nice that Kaine and Jesus did not become VP. Keep YOUR religion to YOURSELF. You're almost as unconstitutional as Trump.
Thank you!
Thank them for helping Antifa
Too bad they didn't display more civic leadership that might have prevented the pain in the first place.
Thank you.
I recommended to McAuliffe to build a Civil War Museum put the monuments there. you can't erase history, it's socialistic idealism.
What Leadership?Did you happen to ask him why they held back the police from arresting these criminals?I'm betting no!
Did you ask why they didn't do more to protect people? The mayor played big part in allowing the chaos, ok cause he Dem?
How about you impeach the person ultimately responsible for this tragedy before more occur!!!
How your kid these days?
You are not one to point out moral leadership. You fail to condemn the terrorist group AntiFa. You are a fraud. So glad you are not VP.
Even a NeoNazi like yourself can at least give condolences on the day she's being buried.
What part of leave your condolences confuse you?
Ask them why they told the cops to stand down. Grow some balls!!!!!!!
Very good @timkaine
Thank you. I heard your remarks.



ENOUGH said
Pandering clown 
Put a leash on your Antifa murdering psychopaths, thanks
