Juan Pablo Gonzalez lives in Chandler #DACA recipient committed robbery @ChandlerPolice didn't call #ice keeps harassing neighbors at gun pt
And no one cares about us the citizens
False!!!!

If any report of this is real then he would've been deported months ago

FAKE NEWS
Better yet I can send you his adress for you to interview him
You can call ICE for us maybe volume but f calls will make them act
Broken promise?!?! Protection Dreamers deserve?!?! NO!!! The protection WE American Citizens DESERVE!!! You've been Monstered by the VOR.
You may be okay with your tax dollar paying for DACA but I'm not, Veteran's first!
Trust the @GOP Congress to give a damn about 800,000 brown kids? #DREAMers #DACA
They're not all brown, Sweden Ireland South Africa I could continue to educate you but I don't have that much time!
It is apparent to me that U just support opposite view of this POTUS. It is time to get you out of office. You can no longer be objective
this way your son will have more masked friends to play "fling the poo" with
When U.S citizens get released from prison..they don't get a free pass. They get treated like criminals in the job market. Where is the help
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time that it takes to prove you've learned your lesson & are ready to be a productive American
We see everyday that our justice system arrests and convicts and sometimes kill innocent people. Citizens being abused by their own system.
True., its not perfect, nothing is, but not all are innocent and you know it.
True. There are so many who fall short. But when you served the time..you can't continue to be denied rights other Americans enjoy. Freedom
WRONG!BO's DACA EO was Illegal promise he couldn't keep!A BONE 2activists after being DEPORTATION KING,doing NOTHING w/Dem Congress in pwr!
U didn't say that when Ovomit duped everyone with his TEMPORARY exec order! Why did U do something the past 8 yrs? Coward hypocrite
That DACA was unconstitutional and illegal means nothing to you, does it?
Protect Americans first!!! Do what we voted for, work for us not the illegals.
That was Obama's promise you fool!
You mean Obama illegal move on this issue!

What broken Promise on DACA? 

#DACAisCACA
Not our tax dollars, taxpayers you have a choice in this. Oh yeah we did we voted for Trump, ass wipe!
DACA was Illegal Overeach by THE KENYAN SNOWFLAKE..DEPORT all illegal allians NOW
What promise did President Trump make? He said he was going to deport illegals. Him even thinking about extending DACA was a broken promise
Antonio Vargas is working using a fake social security card and yet our government continues to let him commit fraud!
No! Taxpayers are tired of paying for their education, cash assistence, and Medicaid! Abt. 50% committed fraud w fake ID they used.
Do you care at all about our thousands of homeless Americans. What if we took care of them?
If you don't denounce #Antifa then you stand with these, now classified as, "domestic terrorist"
militant Hitler hate group
Trump's broken promise Hillary's racist move to get rid of all the DACA kids
Latest Dream Act has way looser standards than Obama's did and it should not be passed - period.
What do think about 45 recent tweet about our Dreamers ? Is he lying again or has he changed ?
In the early 90's defense attorneys told all cardinals in the U.S. priests were a $30 billion liability
Enforce immigration laws. Deport all illegal aliens. #EndDACA
That'd be a humane thing to do. So they probably won't.
Can you do something about education secretary, she is trying to make colleges less safe? Is there a way you can do a no con vote?
The dreamers should have been fixing their immigration status instead of dreaming
To bad u didn't do it when u had majority n house/senate. Obama executive order illegal yet u did nothing!
You mean continue to give them real Americans tax $??
President Trump kept his promise to the American voters not illegals.
Thank you, Vice-President Kaine.
He promised to end it. He did! Now what? Why don't you do your job and stop wasting our money!
If they were here for so long why didn't  try to become legal
Just do it.
Yeah I remember them waving the flag of Mexico making demands. Burning the American flag. We are not baby sitters for other countries.
What broken promise? Get your shit together B4 u open your mouth!!
Being picked by a liar for VP made your head swell sorry no smarter now than before
Another politician looking to score political points.  Corrupt #Mexico needs to be held accountable & not citizens on United States.
Then you can give all Virginia jobs and free health care, right. How about getting jobs in VA and stop worrying bout illegal kids.
Congress needs to do some work for a change. We are tired of all of the lazy thugs in Congress
His promise was to end it. How about your promise to your constituents? Or are you more worried about getting #DREAMers votes?
@timkaine  we the ppl of Va really need you to provide Health Ins for all of us at a cheap fee or free since we have no jobs!
@timkaine What!! you're here to support Va citizens.provide jobs & protection for the State of VA.I see you doing nothing for us.we Dream to
Dream on Timmy
Following his failed White House bid with Hillary Clinton, Senator Tim Kaine has stopped speaking Spanish!
PLEASE
Remind me what his promise on DACA was?
Here's the thing Tim. You can't expect @realDonaldTrump to keep his promises. He's a parasite.
You're mistaken he fulfilled his campaign promise to #EndDACA . Telling lies is really bad for trust and reputation. How's your Antifa son?
Senator we know you badly need those 12K votes so get to work - make deals. If nothing is resolved, at least they have 6mo to learn Spanish
Congress does not have the balls to act on anything. All you do is blow smoke. Everyone knows it, but you make a fool of yourself anyway.
You realize they broke the law coming here illegally. It's time we enforce our laws. TRUMP 1 Kaine 0

You mean like Hillary's promise Check out how Hillary! 
Democrats All Agree with Trump's Immigration …:
Reality: American kids have dreams too. Kaine & his progressives destructors are putting American citizens & legal immigrants last.
Amen!
If you are not. Do away with the death taxes. I have title to my property why.I have to pay taxes to i die
Dim Dems will do anything for votes. You need to be locked up with your terrorist son. MAGA
HERE!HERE! MR KAINE CUDO'S XOX
You're a liar
North Korea
Hurricane
Opiod crisis 
Debt
...and your biggest concern is about citizens of other countries?  Whom do you represent?
President looking out for citizens first. That's a switch. Let me fill you in. If a new election were held today, Trump wins in a landslide!
#AdoptADreamer
Luv,luv,luv ur comment!  A puppet for Clinton and a joke
Which boat will you be taking out of here?
Yeah. But his kid is catching it.
What are waiting for the? Stop whining on twitter and get to work
https://www.facebook.com/events/1346464892118674/ … #NetNeutrality if in SF on Tuesday 6-7p @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @RepThompson @SenSanders @TheYoungTurks @maddow
Sorry Timmy Americans first .  Can't wait to vote you out in 2018
He promised to get rid of it. Shame he broke it.
With all due respect Tim, the presidents first priority is to American citizens.
1. America is our Home and We Invest and Protect in OUR HOME. 25 sentences to help win the immigration debate! #MAGA #TRUMP 
With all due respect he obviously doesn't give a rats ass about is Americans or the dreamers! It's all about the Trump family
someone should act now and remove him from office @realDonaldTrump
