Let's see....You're replying to an unrelated (FACTUAL) tweet 6 days later and Tim is the "Dummy"??
BTW- How can I donate to the bail fund?
U r corny as hell & U wouldn't know how 2 reply 2 anyone if U couldn't label them "Leftist" could you? Let me rock ur world...I'm NOT Lberal
No genius. My timeline tells u that I know right from wrong. The fact that U needed2 check my timeline 2 b able 2 reply shows ur limitations
Yeah.........you are not so good at being clever.
Your village is missing you.  Sad you can't condemn Antifa.  I guess that means condemning your son.
White supremacists were the wood, Antifa the gasoline, Gov. McAuliffe & Mayor Signer the matches. We all got burned.
Have you seen the police reports?  Heard the  chiefs news conference?  Read the hospital logs?  Only one side experienced any harm.
McAuliffe declared it illegal before any violence occurred. Police pushed white supremacists into Antifa line then stood back.
The narratives we believe depend on our ideologies.  We're in a trrrible place in this country.  I want to blame Trump but u likely not.
I see problems on all sides but some don't want to see any on their own side
I don't belong to any party.  I voted for Bernie. I told my friends we need to give DJT a chance.  I thought he'd become a President.
Bernie doesn't belong to a party either, but can accurately be described as a leftist. as he calls himself a socialist for a long time
I'm there too.  DJT was not anathema to it really; e.g., he said he'd make better socialized medicine! So I wanted to give him a chance.
So the #ANTIFA thugs that showed up in masks, carrying weapons were "innocent bystanders"?
One's a Marine, the other is something a marine scrapes off their shoe when they smell it?  How did I do?
Who in the GOP can we start calling/writing to encourage them to call for the impeachment of @realDonaldTrump who's ready to take the leap?
He hasn't committed a crime.
Also "those offences which proceed from the misconduct of public men, or in other words from the abuse or violation of some public trust.
Ummm.....no.

Just asking for one crime that president Trump has committed....A fact or two would be helpful...

You're dreaming
. and law enforcement stand down share the blame
Who tf is Tim kaine
Fake news.  I see BLM and Antifa attacking people with sticks.  Dumb statement.  Lucky for us,  you did not win.
and who has been spreading it for the last year? Antifa and BLM. U don't care though. Ur an appeaser for vows. A traitor
If the 1st amendment no longer applies, do we get to vote on which groups that will be denied free speech?
As I recall, your son is a leftist protester...

Wild idea: maybe condemn the senseless violence of both sides? Antifa doesn't exactly have the high moral ground here, either
While I agree with you completely Kaine has a lower IQ than a flea. He's a DemonRat, after all.

What are u willing to do about it?
Take your blinders off Your own son is belongs to a leftist violent hate group 'Hello What do we want dead cops' Practice what u preach
EXACTLY.  Trump should watch the video of statute coming down.  I want him to show me the bats that these people carried.
As US Senator you've been a disgrace to all Virginians! No remarks about domestic terrorist BLM,black panthers & anarchist You Pander to BLM
Nathan !!!
Senator, you are advocating for Antifa and BLM? Call out violence when you see violence.  KKK isn't the only domestic terrorist group here.
Antifa dress ALL BLACK,cover face very violent. KKK dress all white,cover face. BOTH are bigots. NATIONALISTS had permit &came peacefully.
What is this?...
That simply is not a "fact". That is the opinion of a politician who wasn't there.
Alt left?
If Antifa and BLM weren't there then who did the white supremacists violently attack?
Wow you are delusional.. I hate KKK & supremacists but, you have to be honest. They had a permit. BLM & Anifa showed up without a permit.
Those are the facts, all the video evidence to the contrary be damned.
Alt left
Take a look at the video that shows Antifa storming in with clubs and bats. You might see your son!
Ok so the other side ANTIfa didn't bring weapons to fight ?
wrong again bozo.....
You are a liar.  Violence was from Antifa just as much.
It takes two to Tango. One side had a permit to LAWFULLY be there; the other side didn't and guaranteed that there would be violence.
Kaine is probably organizer since he was such a great VP candidateand trying to give his son a career
Verifiably false. You are a LIAR and a FRAUD.  Shame on you if you're capable of feeling shame at all!!
And why is your son in jail?
#25thAmendmentNow
Mr. Kaine if you are directing your statements to trump, please mention him by name, the rest of us don't need convincing
Just like ur son
Kinda like your Son that was arrested for the same thing! Those in glass houses shouldn't throw stones
He knows because his son is in antifa
Dear Lord - where is the red line for the GOP This is too much
Where is the Left's yearly cause célèbre red line? It's exhausting (and boring) keeping up with your outrage!
Of course.
The alt left were dragged to the site against their will.
Liberal arts college professor brutalizes Nazi, who has a permit. More alt-left indoctrination.
Liar, liar. You had ANTIFA there. You know about them or ask your son. He knows, he's one of them. FACT!
What caused this violence:

Did he get a shower yet?
Like father like son?? #demterrorists
Kaine did call for "fighting in the streets" against the President.
And Trump said he would not accept the election if he lost. Words seem to mean nothing for conservatives, so why should they for liberals?
Anyone who does not accept the Outcome of the Election is a threat to democracy. - Hillary Clinton
Is not Liberalism the idea of liberty and equality? You are anti-that?
Oh (is your son one of these guys?)
Of course he is! Like Father like Son
Yes like father like son 
Have you moved to impeach? If not you are failing.
Tim, you should be ashamed of yourself. You lied. Are you still upset that killary and you LOST the election? I think so. Shame
FACT: If liberals TRULY want all reminders of slavery & black oppression to be removed, then the ENTIRE DEMOCRAT PARTY SHOULD BE DISSOLVED.
Wrong! The antifa scum should have stayed away from the KKK scum. Simple. @ChanelRion beautifully illustrates the actual truth
Those so called facts must be what you in your duplictious circles call alt facts. Truth kicking u in nuts and u don't know it #MAGA
HRC was such a terrible candidate (as the DNC now admits) they had to find a running mate worse than her. Guess who, come on... guess!
.@timkaine You are #WRONG.
So your position is it's OK for Antifa to attack white supremacists, but it was the racists fault for being there in the first place?

Talk to you son, or did he learn to be violent from you
As much as I dislike neo-Nazis, I have the same dislike 4 the alt-left/fake antifa/BLM. U, Soros & they fueled the violence. #antiAmerican
Those are lies. Go back and check again
Is your violent #antifa son still in prison, or did you use your pull to get him out?
Your opioid addiction has rotted your brain. ANTIFA and BLM exist, their violence exist. Those are the facts. Open your eyes.
Why did Antifa and BLM even show up? Who would the white supremacists have fought if no one gave them a second glance?
Offical from Boston said we had 3 groups here today Those for free speech,those against it and ppl that came to cause trouble.Was it 3 or 2?
Looking forward to the results of  the civil rights investigation. You should be ashamed. #altleftMedia #altleft #FakeRepublicansHave2Go
As part of the most corrupt ticket in US history and the most incompetent campaign ever, isn't it your obligation to slowly fade away?
Says the guy who can't comprehend the treason statute.
The violence was planned and executed by liberal Antifa thugs determined to prevent free speech.
That is correct...they're all LEFTISTS Nazi vs. Commie (just like YOU) The Democrat party is right in the middle of it
No, those are the left wing talking points. ANTIFA thugs started the violence to attack words. Even abhorrent speech is protected.
DUH!! Got Milk.
No, it was all coordinated in funded by Soros front group. But then you already knew that.
We dodged a bullet when u & ur sidekick lost bigly,hmm wasn't ur son arrested 4 creating violence while wearing a mask,yeah real peaceful
Bold-faced LIE. LIE LIE LIE. Cops herded them like cattle into hundreds of Antifa and BLM rioters. The mayor, governor should be jailed.
Ummm pretty sure one side had a permit and the other didnt..soooooo pretty sure the side that didn't came to start trouble. We see how u are
So you think it's okay for ppl like your son to dress in black hide there faces and beat ppl they disagree with over the head?
Using "facts" rather liberally here

Maybe it's time to get over your loss in the election....
Thanks for proving liberalism is a mental disorder!
Your son is a terrorist
Why did ANTIFA people show up with baseball bats?
Tim, clean up your family, then you can tell us how to raise ours!
And the black extremist just arrested for ambushing & murdering the cop in Kissimmee..? What was he spreading..your love.?
Black violence is worse than white racism but the white race are an easy target
Traitor
The side that had the permit caused the problem. The ANTIFA  & BLM protestors who were masked and carrying weapons were peaceful. Facts
You are a liar and millions of Americans are glad you're not in the WH. Your son is #Antifa this group attacks women. U should be removed.
a US senator should safeguard freedom of speech and not have a hidden agenda to turn a free nation in a totalitarian leftist country
What a a ridiculous tweet.

Actually the violence was fueled by people there without permits wielding weapons.  Racism, while completely disgusting, is not illegal.
What's your son's count so far? Any dead cops? How many has he beat with a bike chain? How many horses stabbed with 2x4 w/nails? How many...
https://twitter.com/TEN_GOP/status/883818815150321664 …
Do you know how stupid you appear to folks of average intelligence?
Your son Woody and other anarchists in black bloc have been rioting everywhere, including Charlottesville.
Takes one to know one! Weren't you Hillary's running mate!
@timkaine  have you seen the videos of the incident Antifa was trying to incite violence
@timkaine is 
KAINE FAMILY VALUES: Violence, intolerance & intimidation. #degenerate #losers #DemTerrorists
He needs to call out his own son first!
Antifa is the militant wing of the Communist and Democrat parties. If you think violence is the answer,  your
 Wrong!
Alt-left came with helmets and clubs. To a peaceful protest. Note that some exercised their 2A rights. NOT A GUN DRAWN, NOT A BULLET FIRED.

So Tim, did the alt-left, BLM and Antifa show up with choir robes, hymnals and bibles! I don't think so! The had clubs, knives and helmets!
"fueled by" Nice play on words
Who created the scene?
Not true or false but it sure does yank at emotions of hate.
You are fueling the fire!
The division in the US that's grown exponentially over the last week was fueled by one side: dems spreading slanderous venom at the right.
Very strange understanding of the definition of the word "facts", methinks.
The American people have seen the footage and they disagree.
Lit fireworks and smoke bombs inside the state capitol. Officer said, found Kaine and the other suspects in a park on the capitol grounds.
@POTUS had it right when he said "both sides". We've all seen what happened. Be honest. There was more than one group involved. #DemsLie
Really??  What rock did you just crawl out from under?
You know what the facts are but to mislead the American ppl. You are part of the problem of why racial tensions have soared.
Robert Byrd left the Klan in the 1950s and changed. Hillary respected that. So did the NAACP: https://donate.naacp.org/press/entry/naacp-mourns-the-passing-of-u.s.-senator-robert-byrd/ …
That's bull and you know it quit pandering it makes you look like a fool.
Wrong!!!
-No Mr. Kaine violence is fueled by BOTH sides, it often is because folks like you approve of it against groups you disagree with
You are ignoring the violent Leftist Fascists - speaking of how is your a-hole son doing.
The fact is your son is the same *ussy you are. Like father, like son!
Even for one who was not present it is clear that such a one sided look at the event can never be the truth. Or a coin has one side only?
Saying what you think everyone wants to hear ( instead of facts) makes you a follower. Never a leader or winner.  Remember that.
Senator, you are a knave.
So antifa and blm are not to blame? There is a clear division, senator, you shouldn't take sides...
And if the oddball Kaine says it, it's the Gospel. Your embarrassing to even Leftist Dems!
"REAL" THOSE THE FACTS OF DEMOCRATS,OR FAKE NEWS , OR FROM FORMER LOOSER VP CANDIDATE OR @HillaryClinton WHAT HAPPENED NEWS @POTUS @VP
Creepy Tim
You are spineless  #Antifa is a violent group of thugs that wear masks so they can do what ever they want.  Be a leader not a wimp
#Charlottesville gives permit to White group,
#ViolentLeft (you & son) #ANTIFA show up
Mayor &/or @GovernorVA give a standdown order
#phony
#alternativefacts
Those are NOT facts, Antifa is violent but you NEVER mention it, why is that? Hypocrite!
You're son is a criminal thug
Those are not the facts - and you know it - you liar!
You should probably keep quiet on this one, don't you think?
No it wasnt. Fact
So you ignore the #Facts the Marxist violent #Antifa & #Democrat supported #BLM were not there inciting #violence? Really? Covering up?
Are you blind? #Antifa had as much to do with the violence as the Nazis.

Then again, you did run with #Hillary
Which shows poor judgement
Your son is a violent psychopath and you're in denial. Those are the facts.
Facts? 
You wouldnt know a fact if it bit you in the face..
Yea this guy here another upstanding citizen like your coward of a son hiding behind a masks
Tolerance? Intimidation? I saw a picture of your son wearing that exact same outfit!
Remember when that happened?
You're absolutely right Victor The Dems and Libs are both coordinating to cause more hate and racism in order to cause civil unrest then war
When u say "those are the facts" is that the end of it?  BTW: your VP debate was laughably bad
You are so wrong!  A pathetic liar
You advocate political  violence and so does your son. He was arrested for it.
you wouldn't know facts if they were gift wrapped and delivered to you on a silver plate. You pathetic liar and excuse for pol.
Charlottesville violence fueled by your son
Liar. Disgusting as they are, the white supremacists still have freedom of speech & assembly. BLM & Antifa committed & caused the violence.
