For GOP, they are just hoping they can shove it thru before anyone can read the details. Another rose garden celebration for the Fuhrer!
Agreed. This is exactly why Obama care was pushed through so fast, and it had 10 times more material to read.
Remember, they didn't pass it off the bat, they changed it, to their LIKING before passing it! Like they do with ALL BILLS they shove thru
@SenWarren is on video pleading with everyone to pass it before they read it.Which is what happened. It was too long to read before the vote
Well, the republicans, pushed to get the vote no doubt! They are shady liars, who push through agendas all the time, nothing new!
Both sides do it. Republicans and Democrats. Its so hypocritical of the Dem's to complain about this When they did it worse the first time
Also, do you have elderly, that you take care of? If you ARE elderly, your care, is in jeopardy of being taken away, plain & simple!
My care is currently not taken away. You ask if I have elderly I take care of. do you?
If it doesn't lower premiums, cuts off access for millions, denies pre-existing conditions, just what does this health care bill do ???
It gives the REPUBLUCANS & their RICH DONATORS MORE MONEY! All about GREED!
Money first, people last. Thats the GOP
Yep
Yes, I served my country proudly. I am not proud of the current administration, a total disgrace to everyone.
Followed you
We also NEED the PRESS to be ALLOWED to do their REPORTING on the METTINGS & BILLS congress tries to pass in shady matters that affect US!
Exactly
Lol just saw the typo "METTING" should have been meeting! Lol oh IPAD you are such a disappointment! No edit feature on Twitter is too!
We also NEED the PRESS to be ALLOWED to do their REPORTING on the MEETINGS & BILLS congress tries to pass in shady matters that affect US!
1. Because it's a tax cut not health care. 2. #GOPdontcare about Americans. Seem openly hostile in fact.
Don't believe those who direct you to listen to propaganda, republicans are about getting the most to satisfy their greed. NEVER ENOUGH!
@CitizensFedUp @co_rapunzel4 #Veterans When NRA TeaParty Leaders Ryan & McConnell are called for Transparent TrumpCare Committee Hearings
Thank you for standing against this travesty, which is a tax break for the rich, not a healthcare bill. HC is a human right.
Why did we rush Obama care? Why were we shut out from that?
What a joke @timkaine - this coming from a leader of the Dems that passed ObamaCare without reading it 1st #WeNeedToPassItToFindOutWhatsInIt
Sorry but you are wrong on your comment.
This bill wouldn't survive a real public hearing..it would be ripped to pieces.
Talk about invasion of personal space. The phones have mics ppl u Dont have to shove the damn thing in her face o.o
"Why rush on health care? Why shut out the American public?" We said the same thing when secretive Obamacare was shoved down our throats.
Rep Strategy RUSH thru HilterCARE! STONEWALL Good Obama/CLinton HEALTHCARE!
did you ask the same question when pelosi said we need to pass it before we can read it.
Everyone knew Trump was going to make sure he got a tax cut. And... the saga continues. The rich get richer.
Give us the same health care you get.
Thank you for continuing to fight to stop this bill! #disagree
funny, you democrats didn't want the american public when you pushed the UNAFFORDABLE no-care act and LIED LIED LIED about it
Even republicans don't want to sign up for pure evil. That's why their colleagues hid it so long.
Hey Tim! While in committee hearings just ask that guy you and Hillary colluded against to return the $10mil to the bank? #BankFraudBernie
Blaming Hillary & Tim for Bernie's bank fraud? Try again, Bernie was & always will be, for BERNIE! Clearly!
Because this isn't really about health care- it's about an obscene tax cut for the few Americans that don't need one 
Our friend Ron Johnson who is my senator has the right approach- HAS to protect the poor and disabled!!
They're doing what they claimed Democrats did, rush it through while being as secretive about it as possible.
Why not meet their constituents at townhalls etc. Excuse my language but motherfuckers best start acting proper! I said my piece.
Governor Crain I couldn't agree more!!! I wish you were if you President.
If it's repealed or just let it implode as it's doing, what's the difference! Dem's passed and they own the boondoggle!
"If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor " - Barack Obama 2010
CALL your senator even if you have representatives that will not listen as congress voted against their constituents. make your voice heard
Wasn't Collins one of the Obamacare compromisers? With the former Maine senator?
My what a hypocrite u r. Knowing they're not getting a single Dem vote from u and yr boss Schumer, why would Reps give u the time of day?
Maybe because it's collapsed and there's lots of other issues to fix and he only has 7.5 years left, so get out of the way!!!
Agreed
We need new GOP leaders....
I wonder why @MSNBC and @FoxNews do not hold open enrollment on healthcare plans for all uninsured if they care so much.
America needs you cry baby LIBERALS to get out of our PERSONAL lives and that includes healthcare!  NOW quit crying Timmy!!!!!!
We didn't need public knowledge when PPACA was voted on. We have to pass the bill to see what is in it - Nancy Pelosi
Why did Dem rush through Obozocare?  Dems want control of those dollars & policies to redistribute wealth. You're a fraud & hypocrite. #MAGA
.
C'mon Senator! U know why they're "rushing." IT'S BECAUSE THEY CAN!! #StopAHCA #NoAHCA #trumpPoliciesStink #GOPpoliciesStink #GreedMerchants
thanks you Senator Kaine. 
All for show.  Senate Republicans will fold like  cheap deck chairs.
Who is this guy Kaine ??
AGREE, Senator! We also need FINANCIAL BLACKMAIL of our ACA to END!

So that you and you Dem friends can do what you do best "Obstruct"?  Go chase Russians.
"You have to pass the bill to find what is in it" - Nancy Pelosi 2010
ACA is a failure,  Den solution was to bandaid, and lie about until faile to get to the hell hole of single payer.
You lost, stop twitting
SENATOR SO WHY DON'T THE DEMS AND GOP UNITE IN EFFORTS TO DRAFT A BILL ;IN A CAREFUL PROCESS ;WITH DEBATES AND MEETINGS!
Yay! Senator who understands that senators are public servants; they work for the American people. Wait for public comment.
@SenateGOP This bill benefits NO ONE EXCEPT 1% getting the tax break. Own up to your lies. #KillTheBill #TrumpCareCutsMedicaid #Wealthcare
gop wants it rushed thru before all go down for crimes
Why? You will vote against it, regardless.  You just want the chance to sabotage it.
SENATOR NO ONE SAYS NO TO EVERYTHING ,;BUT IN ALL LOGIC ;THE ACA HAD A YEAR OF SCRUTINY ;AND DEBATES AND MEETINGS; AND THEY SAID IT FAILED!
You gave us the horrible, destructive Obamacare. Repeal it before it is too late.
Stop being a hypocrite and focus on taking care of your party.
I don't trust any of the rep they will say one thing and then  stab u in the back
Oh yeah, is that what you did during committee meetings. It is being fast tracked b/c its already delayed due to obstruction..
Its very simple Senator Kaine: 1 Timothy 6:10 - For the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil.
Amen.
Because it's a train wreck and needs to be repealed
