You voted against him because he is a Republican, be truthful for a change
you voted no because your still sore about losing.
better tha you being in there
Thank you!
Thank you. I know you are trying your best, but we are in a nightmare that keeps many of us up at night. Terrified for our Country
I didn't notice, as I was drowning because the ocean had swallowed Florida and.... oh wait...
That is an outright lie.

thank you Vice President/Senator Kaine. #staywoke
thank you Senator Kaine
We must start the massive action to slow or stop climate change b4 it is too late to stop the damage already done #climatechange
climate change is a red herring. Work on real problems like radical Islam and cancer. Almost the same thing.
Maybe spend more "family time" w/ your crazy relatives instead of wasting your your time on resistance votes
Thank you.
...yet, you were "with her"
great
@Bonn1eGreer But if he doesn't know about them we could have hidden them from him!!

NOT!
just wait and see, I remember all the silly polls saying no way would Trump win and ummm guess what 
Thank you for not being VP 
Hey Timmy, you are old enough to remember the Ice Age scare the "scientists" said was sure to doom us all within decades.
.@timkaine And MILLIONS voted NO on you. WHEW!
Misleading.
Thank you for doing your part to protect our environment!
- Why didn't you vote no on Wilbur Ross? Good lord, man, Perry is harmless in comparison.  But you know that. Sad time for VA.
Thank you for your efforts to secure the future of our country... #persist!
Thank you!
thank you!
thank you senator Kaine
Like the election, your input has zero value.
wouldn't have expected anything less with your destroy America attitude
another terrible example of cronyism at its worst
Thank you for voting in the best interest of the people and not the wealthy.
But voted YES on ROSS?!? I shoulda just voted R.
Get your son out of jail
Thank you, Senator.
demand that Sessions resign.#SessionsLied #Trumprussia
good for you! Wasn't it DOE that he forgot he was going to dismantle back in 2012?
thank you
Anyone who denies climate science, it's a NO from me. #byebye
thank you. But what are you going to do about sessions?
PLEASE continue fighting for CLEAN AIR, WATER AND SOIL.It is our future.
those of us supporting the EM and NNSA missions thank you!
absurd that you guys actually have to waste your time on people like these.
Like Hillary selling to Russia?  You guys have spent bazzilions on studies.  What is #THESOLUTION?  Huh? Didn't hear that.
Thank you Sen Kaine
but like the other bunch of assholes he will get appointed.    Shame on all of you for allowing this to happen
Thank you
Thanks for this vote.  Wish @MarkWarner  would have done the same.  @ungaggedEPA
Lock them all up #removetrump #FireSessions #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
thank you! So many unqualified people at the top of these depts scares me and the world!
please PLEASE ban lead bullets in Virginia. We don't need them and 20 million birds die annually from lead poisoning from them!
.@timkaine thank you, Senator.
Thanks Tim! We appreciate you! Wish you were in Missouri! (A Kansan in Missouri).
pissy Democrats getting on TV and complaining about everything that the Republicans are doing when Democrats did it for 8 years
-if that is only thing that Rick Perry did not know . . .
wow that was effective - good for you
how have you gotten so far in life when you have the brains of a stump?
thank you.
An administration that's a basket of incompetence...hold on! It's going to overflow! GOD HELP US!
bravo!!! Climate change needs to be treated seriously!!
Tell us all how you voted on Wilbur Ross, Tim. You know Wilbur, right? Vice-president of Russian money-launderinf bank in Cypress?
Thanks for trying but he was confirmed in spite of unsuitability.  Be afraid.
thanks for your no vote, sadly, it won't matter
thank you!!
he probably thinks "nuclear assets" should be in a bank!
what about the nominees you voted yes on
shows what a fraud YOU are, basing your decision on fictional science and fraudulent reporting.
you're nothing more than a party hack obstructionist.
nothing like pandering to your base. Tim Kaine is part of the corrupt political system that Trump will stuff down the sewer
Thank you!  Again..were ANY Trumps nominees vetted at ALL??  So many seem unsuited, unprepared, unable to do jobs nominated for.
Thanks for trying!
thank you!
but thank god the country voted no on Tim "crybaby" Kaine
hola Señor . So much rong things is going !! crazy 
You lost ... get over it
well isn't that just special
@KristieRabago Good for you!
I am really disappointed that Congress put all these losers through n remember our memory is long! 2018 n 2020 is coming! Vote No!
Thanks for no vote on Perry. He's not smart. Molly Ivins used to call him "Gov. Good Hair." His decisions were awful for Texas.
Newsflash: Nobody gives a crap what you do.
Thank you. Please don't stop fighting the good fight. We need you.
TY ,Antarctic 63.5 #denialofscience @realDonaldTrump  chinese hoax & cab. onboard endangering millions must be stronger on this.
Wishful thinking. He'll make through w/ the rest of the motley crew.
How many Trump appointees did you vote for Chauncey?
thank you. All @SenateDems reject all these people for complete lack of job skills.
thank you sen kaine had you not been such an unimpressive dud of a vp candidate... trump might not have won the Whitehouse.
Thank you. He was an embarrassment for TX as governor. He is but another jester in Trump's court. #ImpeachTrump #russiagate
Thank you for voting NO on Rick Perry.  He has no business being in that position.
@finneyk Thank you Sen Tim Kaine, you always do it right, Blessings
Thanks Tim. Things are unraveling for these idiots day by day
Thank you! #vaconstituent
Thank you!
thank youn
@cinemaven The question of competence is first and foremost; but intention is a twin consideration.
welp. that's gonna keep me up at night.
@tamraraven Tim Kaine is a moron
thank you Senator
@NathanMuir18 open up his skull and you'll find a box of rocks
In other words, the most qualified of all the cabinet picks?
thank you, disappointed in the Democrats who did vote for him.  Hope they know their vote will come back to hunt them.
He can't dance either
Who cares?  Your vote means nothing
Both of these are a LIE! Oh and not believing liberal "theories" isn't a denial of "science". You need to learn what is "science".
Thank you Senator Kaine!
hah! You lost to Trump!!!
OK Senator Lame Brain, you are definitely mentally challenged
Put Perry's finger on the trigger nuke the whales
You are loved deservedly your integrity your patriotism
IT'S TOOOOOOO LATE !!!!!!!!!!!!
To be kind that boy is just not that bright.
Who did the @realDonaldTrump Admin put in charge of our nuclear arsenal? The guy who's catchphrase is "Oops." SMDH
And yet he was sworn it!!!
@EliseErosenb827 Thank you @timkaine!
Texas knows how inept Perry is!
thank you!!
You should have voted no more times than that.
thank you
Rick Perry confirmed for Energy Department:
The lights are on but nobody's home
Liar.
Thank you for voting NO! Keep going, keep the truth going!
it's like you're in The Upside Down stay strong, I believe things can only implode #strangerthings
Thank you! Can't help but continue in sadness that you and Hillary are not in White House Grateful your voice is in the Senate!
failed "Meats" while an undergrad at A&M...
@supertaschablue
good work, sir. Keep the bastards honest
Thank you. That man couldn't oversee firefighters (defunded prior to West expl); I wouldn't trust him w my stove.
Thank you. Perry is of course not qualified.  -a Virginian
so sad about him. Terrible team at the top
wcg50 you come off as sour grapes let's move on put the USA first stop the partisans Bull
nothing really matters anymore...we're all gonna die.
@AtticusinCanada While I've got you, Sen Kaine, why did you vote to confirm Russian money launderer, Wilbur Ross??
Perry is as dumb as dirt.
@serious_skeptic But...but...those glasses!! He's smart!! He can DO stuff!!
@Magdalena0113 good call!
not only that...he can't remember anything.
Thank you #actuallivingscientist
thank you
Thank you!

Thank you Senator. Your efforts don't go unnoticed.
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
I'm missing you and VA, stuck down here in backwards NC with @SenThomTillis & @SenatorBurr
<--------- idiot
Thank u SO MUCH for voting NO on Perry.  #NEVERFORGET his part in killing proven to be innocent man on death row in #texas !!!!!! @timkaine
thank you Tim..we need many many more like you..taxes&vote2018
thank you
Thank you!
You voted "NO" because the rest of the Democrats voted "No", for obstruction purposes and no other reason. 2018=Demise of the Dems
@mch7576 thank you Tim!! Please be our voice!
Thank You, Senator Kaine for your NO vote.
thank you, Senator!
Thank you Sen. Kaine. I have little faith it will do any good, but I am glad to have you in there fighting for the right thing.
I do thank you for your geeky face ! I don't need a a laxative when I look at you !!
most of these followers of your ignorance , couldn't run a gas station! Much less make a educated assumption.
Happy 2 learn your NO vote on Perry. As a Chemical Engineer, I know it will take massive action to slow or stop climate change.
It's a shame that majority of the senate are settling for underqualified candidates.
isn't doesn't matter what you vote on ! The only no that mattered was the no on you & hillary.
Plus he's an all-around moron. Not fit to park cars.
thank you for trying.  :)
Rick Perry is an embarrassment of an appointee.
vote no on anything 45 wants, everything, NO!
When climate science is wrong and and misleading, it should be challenged.  That's no reason not to support his appointment!
Perry is an idiot who admitted that he thought he'd be promoting the oil industry rather than controlling our nukes.
@joe_maui THANK YOU!

TY also, you did well on NPR this evening.
Thank you for trying!
thank you but why did @MarkWarner vote yes for him?
Apparently Trump likes having mentally challenged people around him. They make him look better???
@YevetteN oh #STFU
@ColMorrisDavis Big whoop! Let him screw the pooch then vote his ass out!
"Unaware." You might have just come up with the title of Perry's biography. Demand royalties, Senator.
Now, if we could get some more walk about the climate from you. Please sir, stop the #ACP  Voting no on Perry isn't enough.
@ColMorrisDavis Not to mention the name of his family retreat in Texas.
