How many times do the need to get married?
How can that be when you support trash like the Clinton's
I guess you did not officiate properly the first thirteen times they were married.

Shhhhhh, the grown ups are tweeting. Back to your playpen.
Hopefully this one sticks & they won't have a 15th wedding.
Can you officiate my wedding please? I'm a huge fan.
there goes that marriage. That's too bad you ruined their wedding
Um, they've been married 14 times. :-) Congrats.
Congrats, you cost Hil the election cause you suck as debating. Specifically about women's rights. You let Pence make Dems out to be killers
Awe....sweet
What's a girl gotta do to get you to officiate? My fiancé and I are looking for an officiant. Wink wink nudge nudge
Wow! They've had a lot of weddings!
Oh those pesky commas
Wow! They've been married 14 times!?!
Hopefully the 14th wedding will be the charm for both of them.
Well I suppose you have some value
If you have loyal customers like that, providing you so much business, this new enterprise might just work. That said, keep your day job.
Gina and Jake were married 14 times? Oh my goodness!
Will you marry @avisthedavis and me?
That's what I was thinking 14 weddings for these 2
They must really like each other!  @FauxPelini
Lol That Gena and Jake sure get married a lot!
Get your shit together Gena and Jake
And to be clear it was his 14th wedding not theirs. Hopefully their first and last!!
Thanks for making my sisters wedding the best day ever!!
Why do they get married so often, asked an editor. One comma wd help.
I hope you can read text in note thanks regards
Because there's nothing more important you could be working on? Maybe a high school English class would be a better way to spend your time?
Look at everyone in the comments stealing @FauxPelini gimmick with attribution.
Talk about on again, off again!!
I didn't know that you officiate weddings! Hidden side job!
To be clear: is it the 14th wedding you've officiated or THEIR 14th wedding??
But why have Gena and Jake gotten married 14 times?
They are greedy. 14 weddings. 14 parties. 14 showers. Is one not enough?  
No sabia que Miguel Cotto se habia divorciado y se iba a casar de nuevo.
How many times u gonna marry them before it sticks?  
Gena and Jake have been married 14x?! Y'all need to commit or knock it off. Senator's got other things on his plate...
Please run for president and use all you've learned. You were by far the best human being in the entire 2016 race. You have quality.
Married 14 times! Must be a record.
Now go work on the health care bill Senator! 4 the people and BY the people, right?
I'm not engaged but will you officiate my wedding(s), please?
glad you are not in charge. clown
Well, let's hope 14th time is the charm
Let's http://hope.LOL 
@redhed67 I understand what you're saying but it's wording gives the impression the other 13 didn't take.
My goodness. You've married them 14 times? Is that even legal? Don't tell Trump.
@timkaine You've been a good sport about this. We needed a smile. Thanks.
Hopefully they'll just stay married this time! ;-)
They've been married 13 times before? 
why did they get married so many times?
Punctuation matters!
groundhog day?
Proud of you Senator, I implore you to convict trump as a traitor and get congress to start the impeachment proceedings.
you married then 14 times?!?  Snort
Do you ever do vow renewals in California?  #AskingForMe
Don't quit your day job.
Congratulations. May peace and harmony guide your marriage.
How many times are they going to get married?
I hope after 14 times Gena & Jake csn stay together
Um... see anything ambiguous about that tweet? Not to be picky, bit...
Wow! Gena and Jake have been married by you 14 times? :-P #JustKidding
wish you were vice president...
They've married and divorced 14 times!? Say it ain't so, Tim!
Congrats!
Hopefully it sticks this time.
They've been married 14 times! 
Yeah, but they're still young. Give 'em time...
My husband and I have been married 26 years but I kind of want to do it all over again just so you can officiate.
Same!
