Breaking News: President Trump is ending health insurers' subsidies that help low-income patients http://nyti.ms/2gAOMRS 
Many of my GOP colleagues have said POTUS should make these payments. It’s time we immediately pass bipartisan legislation to continue them.
Tim Kaine needs to support our PRESIDENT ELECT , or LEAVE OUR GREAT COUNTRY "THE BEAUTIFUL USA ", LOVE IT OR LEAVE IT !?!?!?!, TIM KAINE ???
Why don't you have some respect for our PRESIDENT ELECT , I think that you need to leave our BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY !!! AssHole TIM KAINE !!!!!!!
Putins puppet
He doesn't get to say "it's imploding" when he is destroying it one step at a time.
Premiums were going up under the ACA. Was that also cruel?
Do you have the ACA? Why not?
He hate America
U know implosion was the plan from the beginning.  U know the ACA was 2 B the precursor of single payer!Golly gee, silly goose! #Healthcare
He’s making up the difference out of his pocket &
He’s paying for the wall out of his pocket right
He’s lying out of “both sides” of his 
I hope there is a special place in hell for him.
subsidies that pay for the insurance company donations to democrats, like you.
Trump makes a mess of everything he touches
You're such a fraud- the fact is the aca created an industry implosion and rates that have already quadrupled- only way out is full repeal.
And immoral
I don't know what to do.
#CrimesAgainstHumanity
No to try and get even with @BarackObama because @POTUS WILL NEVER BE A FRACTION OF THE MAN BARACK IS. THE WORLD LOVES BARACK.
I'm sure his 'base' will love paying more.
He is reckless, spiteful, and his egomania is killing people - look at Puerto Rico! It is seriously time for the 25th Amendment! NOW!
Bullshit, trying to bring premiums down by allowing groups to band together.  Share the facts
All he knows are reality TV culture wars & undoing Obama policy w/gross negligence. Not for anything. Wrestler not boxer, no real strategy.
It is NOW #Trumpcare! No longer allow others 2 use slur Obamacare
Don't handwringing sen --do something
It’s not just cruel - it’s heartless, evil and unchristian. #NotMyPresident
So what will you DO @timkaine?  The time for statements is past.  We need a democratic leader to mobilize the people.
How can we let him do this to Americans?
@POTUS lives in a hundred million dollar penthouse, and takes away the American People's Health Insurance and is smug about it.
Maybe it’s time to punish trump supporters since they’re damn stupid. Let trumpcare go ahead.
Build a new St Jude for Low income national clinics ?
@MSNBC @JoyAnnReid @MSNBC Trump is purposely killing off Americans. Well Trump it’s no longer Obamacare it’s Trumpcare and you own it all!
I think my head just exploded
Obamacare was promoted to us by Dems on ground it will pay for itself.  That was a lie.
instead of whining, better off to say, there was so much thought placed in this that it is going to raise premiums 25% and add to the debt
Trump is evil, but the republicans are just as evil, they only care about the almighty dollar. They make me sick!
Or he is looking to allow adults to make decisions for themselves and family, go @ccm_medishare
Clearly you are Not Aware a Court Ruling said these Obamacare Subsidies are UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
I ALWAYS Care about the Constitution. It's a BRILLIANT Document.
Please do all you can to keep this from happening, Senator @timkaine
It just gets more discouraging by the day.
Beyond cruel and this action threatens my wife's life.  We are preparing for #Kidney #transplant and need #HealthInsurance  to live!
If you haven’t notice , Obamacare has already blown up.
@POTUS's ego more important than Americans' http://health.How  will he get his base to keep blaming Obama for the mess he's making?
It is! Accused of sabotage! #25thAmendment
Go back to law school Tim
SENATOR KAINE:  What do we do, now? Trump is defying even the Court system! People will really suffer. Can we start Impeachment Proceedings?
It appears Trump doesn't care how many millions of Americans he harms. We must fight his evil regime, with every ounce of strength we have.
It's racist. @realDonaldTrump can't stand that a black man held the highest office in the land. He literally wants to erase @BarackObama
I hope you can do something or hope a judge blocks his evil sabotage.
While Congress fixes the ACA, start Impeachment proceedings. Tell Mueller to hurry up, while USA is still standing...barely.
Will you and Warner, plus House sponsor a bill to strengthen our healthcare, and add subsidies back in? Please sponsor bill and fix this
beyond cruel, sadistic.
What are your idea?
My rates and deductible tripled under the unaffordable care act.  How about yours?
#25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow
He’s trying to make America into A Russia regime.
Basically saying to low income families no more free rides. Yet again he is not offering a better alternative,like DACA dreamers. No hope.
It is heartless.
We are lost Americans adrift in a firestorm of partisanship. What will become of us all without you and Hillary? Feeling abandoned.
There is something terribly wrong with a country that can afford to upgrade nuclear weapons double military budget, give massive tax breaks for the wealthy while kicking poorest people off of healthcare. Time for democrats to get out and vote 2018
#notmypresident #Shameful
HE is cruel.
It ought to be ILLEGAL as well.
#25thAmendment
it's unamerican it's bipartisan it's dangerous to let this man do something so destructive to all Americans
TRUMP AND HIS SWAMP ARE CRUEL WITH CRUEL BEHAVIOR!
Senator Kaine!  I appreciate the Twitter. You were elected to do something about it. What’s the point of your twit? Rally the troops. Fix!!!
It is beyond cruel. It will impact my adult son in a horrible way. We'll be the ones having to pay his premiums. :-(
As the @GOP touts itself as pro-life, it actively works to eliminate health care in the guise of #MAGA @RobWittman is #Complicit
It's unlawful for Exec branch to write checks w/o appropriation. Congress should appropriate funds if it wants expenditures to continue.
This is just racism. Call it what it is. People can't deal with the fact that President Obama was elected by popular and electoral vote.
@realDonaldTrump you have a dark soul!
Obamacare premiums are going up 60% in Virginia next year.  Fuck Obamacare!
Yes it is cruel!

Every single thing they've done related to health care is cruel. So many need insurance for their life and the chaos has been overwhelming

Tim, you raised my premiums hundreds of $$ per month, my deductible thousands of $$ per year and you think Trump is the problem? #DullWitted
U got the wrong policy. shoulda got the fixed rate policy. it's not Tim's or Obama's fault U messed up. It's okay though now U have none.
Trump is the epitome of cruel! It is part of his mental illness. He needs to be removed from office!
Trump is ending subsidies for the low income people who elected him. Maybe now they will understand the error of their ways. Too bad !!!
But it includes MINE, and *I* didn't vote for that orang utan!
Sorry. Many of my patients will also be affected. They won’t be able to afford a rate hike. Some will not survive without care.
Its #Trumpcare now!
When will people realize he just doesn't care?
How do you heard Mr. Kane like the regulating and causing competition across state lines premiums will be lower
Congress must act.  He s now attacking the first ammendment.  He's a wd b dictator.  Do something.  Our democracy is at risk.
To try and blow it up ( you can’t be that stupid) oh wait you run with Clinton, my bad
@nytimes Anti-American
Well, there goes my healthcare access..
HURRY UP!
USA, WHY DO U THINK WE'RE HAVING SO...MANY NATURAL DISASTERS, #WICKEDTRUMP!
Timmy Boy, how about u and ur family go on ur wonderful Ocare if it’s so good? Of course u won’t bc, the plush HC pd by us is far better!
President Obama was willing to illegally pay insurance companies because his great Obama care did not work.
Trump is a snake oil salesman.  Besides Dems and Corker, other leaders need to call him out!
It's the petty/vindictive/truly nasty actions of a bully who's crazed because #Obama will always be far more liked and respected.
Please call it trumpcare from now on he should be held responsible for what happens to http://people.plus  it will make him mad .
Truebut if that is cruel, why is Bernie trying to get MC4All for everyone, if your ACA is so great.Atleast Trump&Bern know ACA isn't working
Trump's Pet SEAL Barks w/delight/takes vacation week while millions lose coverage. Parents/Children/Vets Trust Betrayed by @Scotttaylorva
Grow up you self serving cry baby
Will be historically known as #Deathcare
Hello, McFly? You guys already TRIPLED everyone's premiums!
Tim Cain, your the cruel one. You should have never passed this scheme. People lost the ability to buy this sh## t. Government funded H.C
You actually think he knows what he's signing? As long as he knows it's undoing anything Obama, he doesn't care what's in it or who it hurts
He is going to be responsible for millions losing care, resulting in illness and yes,  even death.  This is not what  stands for!
So, you would rather him break the law than to uphold it? I thought you were sworn to uphold the constitution.
Beyond that, Sir.  It's sadistic.
Call it like it is. He is a cruel and sadistic man who is bringing our country to ruins.
In his twisted mind, anything that diminishes the Obama legacy, no matter who it hurts, is a win for him. It is all about getting a "W".
His entire agenda is to blow up everything Obama did, with no plan to improve anything

#TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist 

#25thAmendment
Tim, he is pure evil. I don't understand why Congress can't begin an investigation of possible mental illness issues before he starts WWIII.
He is not raising rates, he is killing people! What are you going to do to stop him?
Trump is faithfully implementing the ACA by not allowing these payments that aren't authorized by ACA. If it blows up, shows how bad ACA is.
Know what’s cruel? Hard working Americans forced into the poorhouse to buy shit they can’t use so everybody else can have better free shit.
Timothy are you creating your own FAKE news? Dude  get the facts.
Let's talk about people dying, libtards: BCUZZ OF ACA TWO of my friends, former MARINES, committed suicide because they LOST THEIR DOCTORS.
Yeah, well, MY FAMILY lost our doctor of 25 years & our insurance under ACA (redistributed /socialized medicine), so you, sir, can shut up.
And look at the laughing hyenas in the background clapping for the misery they are now inflicting on fellow Americans
Is there nothing that can be done? He is doing this to hurt real American's due to his ego and hatred for @BarackObama Please HELP US!
@nytimes no this is fair, all pay the same crazy premiums no subsidy
Yeah, because the ACA, which was UNCONSTITUTIONAL in it's entirety, lowered them. That destabilized health care.
Would you expect anything less from @realDonaldTrump? His legacy will be one of destruction.
What's cruel is Americans having to rely on the government to take care of them come on Americans we don't need the government in our lives
He is a dictator who is determined to ruin this country what is he going to do next I shudder to think of it dangerous man impeach him
He doesn't care. Undoing anything Obama touched is all that matters to him.
Can't u so something about it????
Y'all screwed citizens with Obamacare, higher taxes, burdensome regulations, govt regulation,unconstitutional laws, etc.  Time to reverse it
This is no longer Obamacare due to the level of deliberate sabotage.  Trumpcare now, he owns it lock, stock, and barrel.
How can free market principals make the price go up? Making the insurance company's compete for are business makes the price go down
We'll see the effect soon, if it's implemented. It surely will affect how Americans vote. How do you think it will affect GOP's reelection?
That is ok. I hope karma comes to him and his corrupt REGIME soon. Mueller
The subsidies reach me - a single mom working freelance after losing my job last year. Already too expensive - this will likely do me in.
Tweeted this before: it's like he is a child who throws his toy across the room & stomps on it because it won't work the way he wants it to
It sure is

