Cut HealthCare by almost a trillion $'s and you cut Patient Care by the same. ALMOST 1 trillion $'s. I am sick!!!  P
Done. Called Markey and Warren.
Only 21 more tries until they don't take peoples' health insurance away. Can we resist that long?
Can't take something away you pay for.  Government can only take what they provide.
What? Such a stupid argument. Of course things that they don't provide can be taken away. This is the problem with simplistic arguments...
Obamacare is also a disaster reach across party line and write a bill together 

You're my senator, protect Medicare too, it's a matter of time!
I would call ... but you are my Senator!  #ProtectOurCare!
Mine too
I don't need to call my Senators. Minnesota is represented by Franken and Klobuchar, as I breathe a sigh of relief.
I have Durbin and Duckworth. They're both great but I still call them with ALL of my concerns. Not just healthcare. I also let them know
that I support them and thank them for representing their constituents!
I think a vote delay is cowardly. Let it vote and fail

You are one of my 2 Senators. Please work with GOP to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Okay, but i think your staffers are already sick of me.  
What dif does it make to those of us who get up go to work and at the end of the day buy our healthcare? #adulting
What about when you/a loved one gets sick or has an accident then becomes an invalid? Explain cancer cost 2 my son/a vet/a policeman/adult
Oh that's the gov job now? Good along with the free healthcare, I want bullets too!! 2nd amendment!! I know my rights
What are you personally doing to help 20 million plus real Americans not lose there health care?There is much you can do & not seeing it.
Majorities in the House, Senate, also Presidency are result of majority of people wanting Repeal and Replace of failing Obamacare.
so why after 7 years can the GOP not agree on a replacement?
why are the democrats so against fixing things?
Fix what for whom? Tax cuts for the 1%? No thanks.
Like for example making statements which are false like the above
Wow, you drank a lot of #foolaid
Do you know what taxes are changing? Hint, has nothing to do with income or wealth
Thank you, Sen. Kaine, for working toward protecting ALL Americans' lives! #ProtectOurCare
Thank you for pressing on

#OpiumakaOpioid: Reached our shores @ & epidemic level. Becoming the choice of drug for most Caucasian brothers & sisters. Care is health! 
Thanks for supporting everyone with a disability here in Virginia.
Say, Timmy, can you tell us what the CBO projections for Obamacare were? I'll bet you can. So one wonders, what good is the CBO?
Your a typical Democrat. You believe that Obamacare is the only plan we the people need. If you were not a democrat, you would see it isn't
False. Most want single payer and know that there are issues with the ACA. Fixing it instead of killing millions is a better path
Obamacare is much worse than Trump care. Repeal Obamacare.
Tell them to repeal and replace Obamacare.
I would but I have @marcorubio he doesn't take calls or listens to us.
Thank you
CBO was 100% wrong on O'care so why should it matter now? Geeze, @timkaine, can't U get any facts straight? CBO has nothing to do with it!
Thank God i don"t have to hound my senator he would never support this plan ! GO KAINE 2018 !
Thank you for standing up for us!
Are you kidding me. Obamacare is dead. No carriers left Worst thing to ever happen to healthcare. Must be repealed and replaced. Dems own it
But you're my Senator.
I'm gonna call you to command you. Remember you work for us. REPEAL OBAMACARE completely
So obstructing is your only plan? Don't see you offering anything to fix #Obamacare
Thank you for standing strong against this ugly bill.
Death to Obamacare too!
Left you a message this morning! :-) Thank you for all you've done to #ProtectOurCare!
Sure @realDonaldTrump will bully senators to pass bill. #noAHCA
You are my Senator! Don't let up! #ProtectOurCare
They're gonna pass something sometime. Better or worse
You are my senator! Thank you for fighting this terrible bill!
Every Pedodesta #Pedophile vote counts 
See #impeach @Trump - headquarters for 
Pedonetwork & #Bernies gunman
I did and will again tomorrow
#ProtectOurCare My disabled child's life at risk! I'm fighting hard
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
Senator Kaine,  is there any chance of single payer plan?  What are your thoughts on that?
your my Senator- I thank you sir
Get on board to help and not obstruct
Greetings from Overland Park. We need you back in KC. The Kansas senators can never be reached, it seems. They obviously don't care. You do.
I have no desire to protect that garbage you're calling care
@MarkWarner Please keep fighting #Trumpcare and pushing for a bipartisan fix to the ACA
you can also use @botresist to send them faxes (h/t to @peterdawes )
You know they have something up their sleeves! #Wealthcare
Don't you have a car to burn or something??
I have fears something going to happen so fast I live in California so I know what my senators are going to vote no
Question for you is what have you done to earn the taxpayers money today.
Please stop
Yes, ALL @TheDemocrats want you to protect your failing #Obamacare!!!
it's the best we have now the Republicans only cares for the very very very RICH no joking
It's the best you have now because Obamacare ruined what was there before. The Dems only care about the rich, but lie about caring for poor
Why don't join The United States Army what you can't handle it fool
Ha ha you and the CBO score fell into their trap you've been worked.
Time enough for Trump to rattle the war chains over Syria/NPRK and distract the base?
Thank you, @timkaine for continuing to be a voice of reason in DC!!  This VA constituent thanks you!  (And I'll call your office, too!)
Thanks for doing your part to protect Republicans from being destroyed in 2018 for passing this horrible bill that violates 10th amendment.
Yes!!!!
PLEASE CONTINUE TO FIGHT FOR OBAMACARE U ARE MY SENATOR PLEASE THANK YOU
@CNN no call your baby sitter and make sure your children aren't getting arrested.

they need that extra time to bribe the "holdout" GOP senators more
Godfather's Pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain. Please do better.
Alright, I'll call both of my Senators, and encourage them to cross party lines and vote for whatever is brought forth.
onward with the bribes as they have been invited to the #WH today. Oh happy days SMH
You are my senator.  Consider yourself called. Thanks for fighting hard.  Continue the fight!  #Resist
Not just Senators, but Representatives and State Governors, and call your State Legislatures, as well, to demand single-payer state options!
The CBO that's always wrong?  ok bro
