Yes.
POTUS is declas authority...he can't leak. As the running mate of the biggest Spiller of Classified info... your statement is hypocrisy
he never had any credibility in the first place.
So true!!!
29,999 more and TRUMP will tie corrupt Hillary, Timmy.
Just WHO makes the determination what is and isn't classified and why does this person have authority over the President?  Who is in charge?
Do you understand your question is not at all rhetorical? It's actual knowledge you could look up and learn about our national security.
OK I'll give you that.  But No one should have ultimate authority to dictate to the president what is and isn't supposed to be classified.
You're a fraud- obama did the same and worse with not a peep from you. You're a partisan fraud hack.
He's going to get us killed
Well, we got the leader we deserved, we elected him,  despite what we learned about him throughout the election!Now, we're paying the conceq
I didn't vote for Trump. Call me a snowflake.  Don't care.  #45 is crazy
NYTimes says he gave away @IsraeliPM secrets. @realDonaldTrump must step down!
Oh well if the @nytimes said it it must be true  #ThinkForYourself
It is true.
. Isn't The POTUS Authorized To Change Classification ?
#SethRich
How does sharing intel on possible terrorist threats, make us less safe. Some may think you support terror?
I listen to the people who know the impact so I can learn the serious threat he is to my country.
He less a threat then obama was. And we survived 8 years of his rule.
can you , the senators, please actually do something about it?!
Yes - Senate needs to address this mess yesterday
You ran on a ticket with someone who had multiple classified emails out there recklessly. Now you are concerned? Give me a break
Safety is not as big an issue as honor.
How much longer for this?  I can't take much more.
It seems increasingly more alarmingly self evident
So giving Russia 20%of all US uranium for a donation to @HillaryClinton was OK?
Its simple. Democrates accuse Republicans of doing what Democrates do. Russian collusion, Racism, Misogyny. #nevervotedemocrateagain
Fact: our previous president made our country less safe.
I cant attest to his credability but at least he won the election. #arrestpedos
@vpbbartel Senator, I'm so confused re: General mcmaster's response-he's not worried about future loss of Intel from allies?
So, Senator Tim. Are you saying that his mantra is actually MALS and not MAGA? Seems to be the case to me. Biggest embarrassment ever.
You believe your neighbors before your wife?
A Vote for a Democrat in Virginia is a Vote for $1.4 Million dollar Tennis courts
Hillary Clinton signed an agreement right after #Fukushima to continue #Japanese imports
@realDonaldTrump Stay the Course -  Don't listen to the BullShit of others -  Thank you @POTUS
Can you stop with the freakin' #WWIII talk and pretend you're a leader and not a sheeple?

http://www.mintpressnews.com/paul-craig-roberts-oligarchs-are-true-purveyors-of-fake-news/223266/ …
you will still never be VP....
Why would I listen to someone like you.....someone with no credibility
Fake news what would you do without it?
Does being shot down in the streets like #SethRich make us safe? #SethRichCoverUp #ClintonBodyCount
This WH Is drowning in a swamp of lies & conspiracies!  Once you loose trust & credibility you've lost everything!
Absolutely hearsay, no credible source.
Let's face it. #TheLiarPresident is a clear and present danger to the US and its allies.
@timkaine please do not let this die. We need an investigation and impeachment.
Hey, Dumb Ass (Walter line). We need a relationship w Russia & China. Not a War Dem want! And the Int Space Sta?
Who is he talking to & what info is he sharing when hes at maralago almost every w/e when hes not being watched??! Hes totally incompetent!
The sky is falling! The sky is falling!
Agree
ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT NOW! GET HIM OUT! Money laundering and colusion with Putin in the election is insignificant compared to this.
did you forget as Hillarys running mate.  Comey announced that "Clinton was extremely careless handling classified info"
can you make him a good guys/bad guys poster to hang on his wall to help out?  #RussiaBad #CanadaGood

@aedaw9i @virginianpilot
Hey dude did u not hook up with #HillaryRottenClinton & Mob so u should use a few brain cell oops 4got #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether
Apparently the whole @GOP has pledged their allegiance & loyalty to putin along with the U.S. generals
And less GREAT
@realDonaldTrump Please ignore AH and stay the course - Thank u @POTUS and Thank you for firin Comey and No longer considering Andrew McCabe
Only a traitor can utter such treason now
Get your head out of your, ass and save your democracy
Comrade
#GOP_hatesUSA
For others obviously
Caught the satire. But 
Kinda sounded misdirected upon reread
You and your colleagues (the GOP) must take a hold of this brat in the WH otherwise America will lose what resepct it has in the world.
When did he ever have credibility?
That may be So how do you explain the @GOP Giving traitor @POTUS free reign 2 continue selling out 4 his of Meanwhile on ?
Leaving classified info on #AnthonyWeiner's laptop was okay?
Professionalism is a requirement for all Americans in the work force. Please Sir, hold Trump accountable. #ProficiencyTest !
What are you doing Senator? I'd like to see you make some noise on the hill. Call out the coward GOP and get them to do something.
Get over yourselves, fake news from WAPO.
America is in a crisis: Loss of public confidence in the @POTUS and White House; Complete failure by the @GOP to hold Trump accountable!
@DougstamperHoc .....That kind of response was once effective.....
If you Dem's spent as much time working for America rather than against it, it would be amazing what could be done.
Sen Kaine there is a difference between leaks and sharing intel I understand how Dems only know the word "leak" since that is all you can do
Agree, the question is - what is the Senate going to do about it?
Please withhold unanimous consent Sen. Kaine.
but what r u doing to keep this #TreasonousTrump in check? There r #toolsinyourtoolbox
Stop making shit up. You liberals are crying like babies at everything the president is doing.  He makes the rules not you!
We see these outrageous acts by our President and nothing happens. I know the GOP would be pouncing if this were a democrat. Frustrating.
You and @HillaryClinton warned us about this. Thankfully I casted my vote for you two. Things would be so different now.
Clearly he Is completely rash and undisciplined.This is so dangerous!
I agree w @timkaine Trump has ZERO credibility
I agree. Trump is dangerous.  But Democrats need to run on a stronger platform than Trump Bashing.
and endanger Israeli assets and security. Good God garden seeds, as my friend's nana used to say. #TrumpRussia
America is getting beyond unsafe and heading into disaster territory if Trump isn't restrained immediately.  #impeach
POTUS can't leak anything the POTUS control the info he can choose to share or not w/others
The only people losing credibility is you and the entire delusional left
The left is delusional for caring about real and  present threats to our democracy. We're the only ones who give a damn about USA
Where are the concrete facts that our democracy is under attack please elaborate..with out saying i heard on cnn
James Clapper, former director of National Intelligence. Intervention of Russia and other countries is not new, why the head in sand act?
James said there is NO evidence of collusion between Trump and Russia! NO, NO.... Do you know what No means?
Yet you were willing to appoint so many of his administration.  Ironic, wouldn't you say @timkaine ? Stop pointing and look at yourself.
First McMasters denies Trump shared intel info with Russia,today he says it was wholly approp.  Tell that to field intel he put at risk.
Dems need to be more VOCAL AND LOUD VOICE IN R PARTY ENOUGH OF THIS MESS #DISGRACEFUL 
No one could beat Hillary on giving our security matter away with her private server and emailing classified info.Didn't hear you then Kaine
Looks like he'll be pissing Palestine off by moving the embassy if he wants to keep getting that "great intel" he likes to brag about

he never had any credibility to begin with
And you think Hillary did?  ---->
FLASHBACK: Comey announced Hillary was "extremely careless in their handling" of highly classified info. 
Time to bring Clinton to justice! 
