@RTDNEWS If I were you I would go home and get my own house in order. "TK SON arrested" @PilotOnPolitics @kerrydougherty
thanks for fighting the fight Woody ! Standing for what's right- like ur dad
Breaking the law, disorderly conduct? I am more of a civil discourse guy.
Dude, you are laying in bed with a cat. You may want to rethink that picture
how can YOU help when you work for the healthcare industry?
Great January jobs report. You have to agree.
He's certainly not the president's biggest fan! Son of former VP candidate, Sen. Tim Kaine, arrested protesting President Trump 
just like your dad- standing up for what you believe! Good job Woody 
attack innocent just like dad, attack police just like dad. Timmy laid off vdot at Christmas! Appomattox Tim!
but now we have to fight to not go backwards?! Why didn't Dems put single payer thru when had the super majority??!
Why: BO & Congresscritters Gutted out Pub Opt b4 PPACA "negotiations" because of this
Go get 'em.  Stop it in its tracks.
what about the concerns surrounding your sons arrest?
that's just Democrat talk 4 we wanna help the low n middle class to get their vote then disappear til next camaign
comment on your son who got arrested yesterday for organizing rally against Trump under your guidance! #Tatiana
his mommy did!

so glad his son stands up to fight the fight! Go Woody 
Dems encouraging criminal protesters, what's new?
not protestors- read some real newspapers!
lololol
Stop finning your sons head with nonsense! He's nuts as it is
we are counting on you to protect us!
You would know. You & your colleagues are all still EXEMPTED right??!! #Obamacare #AmericanHealthCareAct
Great, I need a nap!
Please keep fighting. We know the ACA is not perfect but fix it, not repeal it.
Thank you for standing up for us, Senator! I am a freelance writer, terrified of losing the good insurance I gained with the #ACA
And you don't care if I can't afford Obamacare, do you
we have to call it Republicare, no Trump scapegoat. It's all their doing
please don't let the GOP do this to the American people. Fight for us!
Senator - do all you can to stop #Trumpcare better labeled #TrumpDontCare  We in Virginia are counting on you
@banner108 #Trumpcare helps the rich/ not the citizens of the USA. #BogusPotus !
Thank you.
We need to be pushing for single payer, it's unbelievable& unacceptable to be so far behind the rest of the industrialized world
ur son is a fascist. Are u proud of that?
I'd call it bail money
hey your the 1%er! Your the king of kick backs! Like father like son, attack the blue line, good job Timmy!
.@timkaine Please keep holding them accountable. We need you to keep fighting for US!
it needs to be stopped and dems need to work on fixing parts of ACA that are not working
@BeltwayPanda Would be nice if Congress had to also be on this health care "plan" they've concocted for the rest of us.
the lawyer that will be defending your son is probably a wealthy American..... no problems there though huh?   
@REnsslin thank you sir. Hillary should have never conceided she should be president. Please get the Senate to impeach trump
So your son got arrested huh? Guess the Apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
please address the horrible H.R
 610 too!!! Save our kids. Save our schools!
Give us the exact same health coverage that Congress gets, Or they get what we get!!!
Perhaps you should take some time off to do some serious fathering.
This is why you must fight. Too down will Bankrupt Middle Class America. Special Interest is who Trump will protect
Thank you! It's a scary proposition for Virginians who are in need of expanding it rather than repeal. Please continue to vote NO!
Glad you are trying, but does no good. GOP agenda does not include working Americans. Very sad.
Indeed it is!
keep it up
I don't this plan I hope doesn't pass
thank you! Please don't forget about us! #resist #Trumpcaresucks
Could also bankrupt our hospitals.
Whether it's a tax cut is a bit irrelevant - it's gonna kill a lot of good people.
SENATOR--STOP ALL DT,  HE HAS DEMENTIA PLZ DEMAND A MENTAL EVALUATION AND BRAIN SCANS 4 THIS HE'S HAD FOR MANY YEARS!!!
Before you do can I express concerns about my rising healthcare costs under the ACA?  The GOP bill is a good solution.
Paul Ryan's CrappyCare is horrible & only helps rich people.   Thank you for standing up for all Americans.
thank you!
we need you to continue your fight for us.  If this oases it will be devastating for so many Americans.
And what is that $500,000 for insurance com CEOs? Contrasted with folk on Medicaid who win lottery? Bizarre! #SaveACA
May I come into the Senate Chamber and blow an air horn & set off a smoke bomb? You know, because #resist.
Bad parenting from stem to stern
Fight on, Senator Kaine!
#TrumpDoesNotCare
Go get em!
and @POTUS is taking coverage from the most vulnerable. How unAmerican!
Showtime lol
please Don't let them get away with it! They want to do full-court press... Then the Dems, need to do Shoetime
thank you @timkaine for driving the narrative and advancing sensible healthcare reform
can we get townhalls in VA to discuss our concerns with you.
Why not just start a riot?  Isn't that a family trait?
Your son was arrested- maybe it's time to be a better father
if WV & VE r 2 states where #ACA made a  BIG difference what will happen now?
Please don't behave in the way your son did.
Keep up the good work, Senator Kaine.  #trumpcare
@bewsel66 
You should concern yourself with raising better kids. 
My 24 veteran son now police cadet. It's not that hard Tim. Try saying no.
America spoke loudly and rejected your concerns in November.
thank you, sir
@coiewcats 
thank you. keep us informed
I watched u did great...FIGHT
Thank you!
Great role model to your felon son, total failure... runs in the family
well then senators will love it
Senator Kaine iam praying for your family, (I.e. your son,) and our country...
total repeal and nothing less #realrepeal
please keep speaking,  we need health care  what is more important
Please let everyone know that the American people are done with listen and mid term elections will be here. Do they want HC?
Thank you Senator for going to bat for all of us not just the top 1%. Do they really realize the devastating turmoil this will do.
bring your son?
Trumpcare has nothing to do with taxes on the rich who BTW all backedHillary; including "Queen of Outsourcing", Meg Whitman.
TX, every single American needs to worry about this not just those on the exchange.
Please take care of SW Va,we are the forgotten.We need healthcare and attn to public educ (outdated matl),(no private schools here
you go fight! #Notfittoserve #notrump
Go Tim!
Shouldn't you be more worried about your unkempt criminal son right about now?
.  Do something really positive today and don't vote to support it later!#
#dumptrump
VERY irresponsible comment abt ur son Woody.  U shld admonish him, not praise him.  Typical liberal response, though.
@iamfonda you have my supportSir!!
your serious concern right now should be your family. Spend more time with your son so he can turn his life around. #senatorson
can we please have the same #Healthcare as #Congress?
@iamfonda you're simply upset b/c your son was arrested while protesting: embarrassed the family name.

we all have concerns, talk about what can you and your colleagues do to stop all these crazy stuff by Trump & Co!
thank you!!
give 'em hell Tim! We may not have you for our VP, but we know you still have our back! Thanks for all you do, we appreciate you!
Let's call it what it really is #Republicare. Let's give credit where credit it due.
your son could be a pirate since he was ArrrrrghRested
Thank you!
Thank you!!
Not a good father you are!!
It should all be FREE.  US paying for Donnie's protection in NY is horrific. Not to mention his constant trips to the stupid SWH
give them hell senator!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDnI-BEC19g …
How many Dems are paying these thugs, some of them their own children to use violence to threaten political opponents?
You better B concerned about your hippy son! See difference between Pres. Sons verses yours! Bahahahaha
tu hijo es una verguenza. Gracias a dios tu no eres vice-presidente. I will gladly kick your son's ass 
Give your son my best, Senator. So proud that he's standing up for our country/fighting for what he believes in. Proud of u, 2 <3 #Resist
hey Tim I don't think we can EVER use the word CARE with Trump...now there's an oxymoron for ya!  Peace...
thank you!
thank you so much 
I thought you would be heading to jail to bail your son out!
not right yet.  Go to work and help.  Stop just being the problem. Be part of the solution.  You don't have what we have either.
I see where your screwed up son gets his crazy temper from. We are so lucky u are a loser
or you can head to jail and try to provide better guidance to your child..
Thank you!   #resist
Thank You for your tireless efforts and constant concern for me and all of the American people!
The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree.
Thank you! Stand and fight!
you should take some time off and try to educate your kids better, remember family first
Could you head to Minnesota next and pick up your son? We don't need him here.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD BE HEADING TO THE FLOOR TO EXPLAIN YOUR UNRULY SON. LEARNED IT FROM YOU I'M SURE.
Thank You Senator Kaine!
I'd think your issues at home would be your serious concerns.
oh so your family is perfect and you sit in your chair and whine instead of getting up and doing something.
yes- But it's a throne (not a chair) and drinking wine, not whining. Outside of that though, spot on! #trolling
Shouldn't you be bailing-out your boy? Question: How could you EVER have supported Billary? WE told you how that'd end up.
The perfect poster boy for a broken liberal party. A spoiled dysfunctional manchild brat who doesn't think the rules apply to him.
You all are fools. He is fighting fir his beliefs.
He's a 25 yr old delinquent who threw smoke bombs in the capital building and resisted arrest. He belongs in jail.
I didn't say he didn't.
Speak for all of us. We need you!!!
Given world events, Trump Administration is unsustainable
Thank you!
Hey GOP what happened to "whatever you do for the least of my brethren, you do for me". Now it's what's done for the wealthiest.
and Obama care raised my premium and deductible maybe you should try working with the other party and get it ryt
Maybe your boss should of picked a better plan or be lucky you can afford premiums in the first place.
I'm not lucky, I work hard for what I got. If you don't not my responsibility to take care of you!
I have never asked anyone (gov agency's ) But they are there for those who need them. It should not be poor vs rich.
TXS so much...keep speaking out for us plz....
Thank you, Senator!!
Not talking about your son. I understand why, it's the fact that he is a disappointment to you.
you go tiger!
you had 8-years to fix it and did nothing and now you are concerned? You are a hypocrite and that is why you lost big.
They tried and you just sit in your lake house and cry. Or get off the couch and do something to help.
not interested in attacking women and the elderly with pepper spray and eggs like your group. My group works.
I'm college educated, work,  there are people who do not get or have that opportunity and min wage isn't livable
min wage is not livable and needs to change. We need to work together to fix the problems. Same with health care.
I totally agree with and have said that in my posts here and on f/b.
Thank you, Senator.
thank you!
Make a stand -- do NOT accept something that does not do a better job than ACA.
Eliminating a Socialist wealth redistribution program will have that effect.
give them enough rope let them skewer themselves. They're dying to do it. Serves Chump voters right for electing him.
We want to keep our original ACA healthcare plan. It is working perfectly in California Covered!
ask my daughter! Serious health, OBAMACARE SO HIGH SHELL NEVER PAY OFF HER HOSPITAL BILLS! It's shameful
tell them like it is. Keep Obamacare, work on making it better.
should probably not have your son rioting.  So glad this is not the crew we put in the white house.
give em hell!!
Speak loud and clear. We cannot let this STUPID LAW pass.
how's your son doing
what can we do? Republicans are like spoiled children
yes I noticed with the continuous temper tantrums the libs have thrown since the chosen one lost 
no that's not true. Will you please do the work the American people voted for. You loss so get over it.
u oughta know all abt the top 1% richest, most lv in ur state near the DC beltway, u f***ing hypocrite! ths pln wil not pass anywy
Thank you.
I stand behind you, Sen. Kaine. This all has to stop. You will work for us, happy it is you. Too bad you're not  the VPOTUS.
Bahahahaha thank God this clown is not VP!!!
Thank you!!
