Our President wants to put American first so let DACA recipients be great in there birth Country! DACA must end like your Senate Renewal run
Not if we have anything to do with it... he will remain, we have enough heartless people in office.
Tim Kaine will not remain in office! Virginia's will never cast a vote for him once Our nightmare is covered nationally ! Kaine is Heartless
Reality:  DACA was & is not Constitutional. It s/b cancelled immediately.
I am working Bep
Good wii
Recent chaos was so well-orchestrated that I wonder if Stephen Paddock was “working alone.” How far will the alt-right go 4 their agenda?
Lol. Blaming the Alt-right? How about the Mainstream left? The shooter was not alone. 2-3 gunmen. This was a #False Flag attack.
The Leftist agenda - Gun control. On Monday, #CrookedHillary jump started the ranting. They didn't even know how many were dead. Sickening.
Heartless ruling does damage to our DACA youth.
Great job Mr President! Doing his job, Americans come 1st!!
What no Mexican flags at DC protests? What happened? We are racists, fascists why would they want to stay? #nodaca
Pretty sure Puerto Rico is exempt there Timmy
Thank god you lost! Hilary lost! Thank god!
Suck it up butter cup.
Just get to work and stop crying!!! You should have done it when Obama illegally signed it.
Waaaaa. Havent they had Years to do the paperwork? Democrats enable those not wanting to abide by laws, to continue bucking the system. Cryn
some have had many years to get this done. no sympathy.
Are that lazy that you want Trump to do your job, too.
Yeah, that's what a deadline is... if you keep pushing it back, it doesn't mean anything. People like you are why nothing gets done.
So Socrates, no one ever extended a deadline for you when you had the flu or you survived a category 5 hurricane?
No my projects were due the end of the week even if I didn't have power the entire week… Sorry
good for you for a) being super man or b) never having bad luck. Let's hope you never need a helping hand.
I've been evacuated from natural disaster 3 times and hospitalized several times, nobody held my hand or gave me special treatment.
Being evacuated doesn't count as a helping hand?!
Evacuation order... I left on my own volition because I was told it wasn't safe. 1 fire 2 hurricanes.. next.
Trump needs to be impeached
U r just another hysterical Dumocrat!! No none zippo nada credibility. Lol
Then I saw this one. Lol. 
That is incorrect. Hurricane victims are given leeway.
My kids are dreamers, but they are legal American citizens. End DACA
What are u doing abt it other them bitching, It's your job to legislative not Trump.
Dotard Don must go
Timmy, the have had plenty of time to get this done. We can't blame the hurricane for the fact they won't do it. Round'em up.
Thank you for giving a heads up.
Oh oh oh.  Just more hysterical whining from a Dumocrat w/a son who is member of Antifa.. bye bye Timmy
As it should be.If it's truly a priority for illegals then NOTHING will prevent this "educated" block of folks to meet the deadline. #maga45
So, you mean to tell me people are expected to follow rules?? How dare they?!?
I knows Dems don't abide by the law but suck it up buttercup
#Dreamers please HURRY!!
You politicians had 16 years to hammer out a deal for these kids under Bush and Obama. Neither side willing to negotiate. Get to work
Why haven't YOU or any other politician done anything about this in the past 5 years?
Congress needs to fix and not the President
GOOD
Surprise! Surprise!
DACA has drained USA of $135 BILLION a yr! Our Leaders spend more time & money on ILLEGALS issues than, on serious issues facing this nation
To be clear, here's a list of organizations that the Dems have called patriots for marching with them on Wall Street. Interesting isn't it?
You left off ISIS???!
How about you push for passage of Kate’s Law? If you claim to be worried abt protecting citizens Kate’s Law is a good place to start.
They ALL need to go through the LEGAL process and become citizens!
...Don't you have a son you need to bail out of jail?
Good.
I’m sorry but most Americans are focus on the tragedy in Vegas. Not on illegals
AWE, YOUR COLLEGE EDUCATED CREAMPUFFS CAN'T MEET DEADLINES, TOO FRIGGIN BAD...DEPORT THEM NOW
Hurricane did not hit you in Washington Tim
I have a dream to that we pack up these dreamers and their fucking families and send them back to where the fuck they came from
Why was it set up to expire??? Nonsense.
No one cares what you think ...

.@ADL_NY getting reports that this hate mail piece has been sent to numerous Jewish owned businesses. We are in close contact w/ #NYPD HCTF 
Waah.   Waah.     Waah.  More hysteria from the left ( their credibility is almost gone)
Almost?
@DNC @GOP Europe has top gun control, attacks still there. What r u trying to do? Ur kickbacks in jeopardy?
Rex Tillerson is right ... -45 is a ...
Typical of the GOP they do not give a damn.  If they do not make it they can ship them out
Back of the bus Tim Kaine....get a bill passed for Potus to sign or shut the hell up.
We need to watch Trump. He may want to put DACA participants in camps if their countries will not take him back. Pray, we don't get that far
More Dumocrat hysteria.  Lol
Of course Dotard White Supremacist @realDonaldTrump wouldn't do anything to help any non white people.  He's a traitor and liar to America
