then why didn't dems take care of this when they had both house and senate???
You should consult with Elizabeth Warren on that.
Well then as a senator you should do something about it
You are correct. Now just factor in Black men and Black women, and I bet you the number is higher when compared to white men..
you are a decent man, Tim Kaine - even though you wear dad jeans.
We also don't work as many hours or consistently every year
by all means, please show your math and show your proof that a woman makes $12k less then a man for same exact work/hours.
How long have you been in office? Yeah that is what I thought. You and Clinton are the main causes. POS
Just think we could have put that  toward retirement & there would b less people on Medicaid.Thanks corporate America 4 bankrupting so many
Is your male/female staff paid equally or is your staff paid like @SenWarren's?
Thank you for bringing attention to this!
It is also unacceptable Virginia has not done as Nevada just did - #ERA Now! Why haven't we passed this legal protection for #womensrights
They wouldn't LOSE it, they wouldn't be able to make it. Ask your Governor to work with companies & local governments to fix it!
More liberal myths
Looks like the same stats as Hillary paid her staff or the Clinton foundation which closed shop.
That's the democrat way, right Tim?
Talk to #senatorelizabethwarren why don't you; she pays her female staff 71% less than her male staff.
If women are paid as much as men, they won't need men, and the divorce rate will climb far higher than 55%, thanks to radical feminism!
@KristenDefiant 
That is pretty damned careless of women in Virginia.
please talk to @ThomasEWoods
You bet.  Definitely hurts.
Coming from a man that makes $186,000 a year while average Americans make $40 2 $50,000 a year can't even confirm a judge who is qualified
Where are getting these stats?  Are just making them up?
Then find the company that is discriminating against women by paying men more and prosecute them.
The problem with this is they do not list the variables. Most of this data is collected by comparing working  and  in very broad strokes.
What. A load. Of utter crap. Which is why you lost.
And how is this data collected? Are we discussing two management professionals working for the same  in same  same hours? My guess is no.
Then tell them to get better jobs, or to get better at their jobs.
Then get another job. Such BS
Fake news Timmy
That is why she doesn't Timmy.... Laws protect them from that. Not men's fault they chose Feminist Dance for their degree...
Donate your income
Wait, you pay your female staffers less than men for doing the same work?
Why didn't you do something about it when you had a chance.  Don't start whinning about it now.
That's such a bs stat. It's a proven canard. Be ashamed to lie so easily
Let's keep focus here. Gorsuch is no go.We don't  care who leaked what, get to the bottom of this Russian collusion with trump. Demand taxes
Is it unacceptable that millions of people had to vote for Trump because you and Hillary were on the other ticket. U 2 got him elected!!!
Tell it to Pocahontas
Lose isn't correct. U can't lose that which u never had. Over a 40 yr career a man could make upto 482k more than a woman is more accurate.
How long have you been in public service? Oh yeah - since 1994! You've done nothing for that in 23 years?? All talk Timmy
Its unacceptable that you spit out these lies to move you socialist agenda.
So basically women could not pay a dime for college and still come out behind.
Maybe they should work more
I get so sick and tired of pandering politicians.
Explain to me how average earnings (not pay) is evidence for inequality
It's unacceptable that you represent me a fellow Virginian from northern neck area need to change that 2018
How long have u been in a leadership capacity. Funny how u point to something you've never addressed or tackled seriously. #windbag
sure..... if you ignore every single control factor and ignore the scientific method.
its unacceptable that you still hold office
what jobs do they have Tim? Dr. ,Lawyer, teacher, nurse, executive, garbage collection, retail, Arby's?
STOP PARROTING BS STATISTICS. GOD SO GLAD YOU LOST.
Do you believe you can fix our country's problems by complaining?
Do you have a plan to educate our families on personal finance?
timmy cant accept the truth, timmy's a very special boy.,
Boy am I glad you aren't our VP
Its unacceptable that women are raised to aspire to be part time food workers instead of well paid business owners. #cuttheredtape
Democrats calling for unfairness and hurting American , right , hypocrites

Your a joke
really? Then make paternity leave a thing so men can also stay home with their newborns. I bet that would fix this "wage gap".
Not to mention pay for the kids, extra dry cleaning expense, tax on feminine hygiene products & panty hose!  #resist
What's really unacceptable to me is that son is our after vandalizing and throwing firecrackers into a government building, Senator
Oh but trump loves women and is working in this!

There are more Males working for her or on a more important position. Big deal! Who cares
It is unacceptable that a neuroscientist in California will earn more than an elementary school teacher in Wyoming. #EqualPayDay
Start with hypocrite, lying Senator "Fake-A-Hontas" Warren who under pays her female employees compared to her male employees. And you?
I guess you were good to go when Killary's female campaign staffers were paid less than their male counterparts.....DemocRat hypocrite.
... I loved working part-time to be a hands-on parent, but no question it hurt my income and income potential. #EqualPayDay
Why should my hourly rate have been less? I accepted it because I didn't want to rock the boat, but my work product was absolutely equal.
Oh sure, you're on board now because its trendy.
Where were you five or ten years ago?
Please put your attention to help fixing our broken healthcare.
@timkaine you forgot to tag @SenWarren in this tweet - you know, since she pays her women staffers less than the men. Glad to help!
Unacceptable is the default position for this filth: @gop @rnc @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan #traitorsmusthang

So what are YOU doing about it?
Prove it
It's unacceptable that a woman w/ a Gender Studies degree thinks she should make as much as a man w a Engineering degree....
#EqualPayDay
It's your state
(2/2) Stop treating women as if they're intellectually inferior twits incapable of negotiating our pay/benefits w/o gov't help.
#EqualPayDay
Make some changes Senator!
it sure is legitimate Vice President
Need a tissue?
do you? You know to wipe Alex Jones cum off your face.
Alex Jones?!? Lmao. The man is a lunatic. No no, to wipe the tears from your face.
no shit Sherlock
I'm Jim.
Entonces los vamos a demandar por no arreglar NADA, son  puro blah, blah
Hillary pays women less than men, why?
*paid 
