POTUS jealous of Obama accomplishments. But in the end, American innovative spirit is stronger than his insecurities
Trump is finally putting America 1st a & not letting other countries use us as a doormat. Obama stroked his ego and his legacy for 8 yrs.
U.S. private sector, researchers, cities, towns and states will lead clean energy revolution despite lack of leadership from WH & President
so you support free market capitalism and states rights?  That's a good conservative!
No... that's a good libertarian!!!
You say that like he's actually going to realize & accept what he's just said. IMO he'll backpedal when it's politically expedient.
Trump just saved the little guy jobs, while Democrats and Fat Cats bemoan the decision.
How so? "Little guy jobs" are eroding (and will continue) because of their material source. "Coal" is a rapidly outdated industry.
Coal is still viable and efficient. Though it will eventually be replaced. In the meantime, new regs kill jobs. Unacceptable.
New regs force innovators to create new jobs in forward-thinking energy sectors. New "little guy jobs" (demeaning term, imo) w/longevity.
Over the next decade we'd see increases in energy prices, increasing pubic, private costs.
Solar tech alone is showing drop in prices thanks to rise in competition (helps consumers). More competitors=more jobs. New sectors=add jobs
Green tech is the thing of the future. No reason to force it.
He knows a scam when he sees one.
Trump 2020!
Macron gave him an owie on his little fingers?
Because Putin told him to do it
Ur such an @ss President Trump walked away  from Paris,he kept his campaign promise to 63Million votersTrump 2020
how did 3 billion down payment help me and the rest of US citizens?
Wrong. He walked away bcuz USA was being fleeced economically. Don't bury UR head in the sand, Kaine. Wake up, get RIGHT.
Climate is a constant flux since beginning of creation, stop the political fear mongering of "climate change"
Disagreeing with the Paris accord doesn't necessarily equate to denial of climate change. There's got to be a more fair option to the U.S.
Sold out, & yet his so-called base is clueless b/c they only tune in to fake news: @FoxNews @BreitbartNews Once he really screws them with..
...tax cuts for the rich & balances the deficit on small business & working class they'll wake up. But it will be too late. Midterms must...
...stop this train wreck!!! #WeThePeople demand our country back! #ImpeachTrump now!
We are already practicing what was in that deal.  Did you even read it? Did you know Obama was giving $3 Billion ea yr to others? WASTE
I can tell you why @realDonaldTrump walked away. It was a BAD DEAL made by Obama. Too much money going out for nothing.
Because he cares about our tax dollars let them pay for their globalist, socialist ideas. Climate change is a FARCE just like Obamacare.
All the GOP bought by oil industry - greed
Did you lose a lot of due to this? Last I checked, Nature cannot be controlled. 
Thank you Senator. I also think he walked away to benefit his Puppet Master Putin, and Russia!
This is why!
Vote them out in 2018, Unite us!
Kathy Griffin, great example of the fiber of this party.  They think they can lie & deny, cover & redirect.  Kathy says Trump attacked her?
So Tim asks about Trump and you respond with Kathy Griffin Are you saying Kathy Griffin is the reason Trump walked away?
Americans, pull away from these Dems.  Stop allowing them 2 put illegals B4 citizens .  Renaming the English language so criminals look good
San Francisco - Requests for food stamps are down 50% over last year & 17% for new apps.  Fear of deportation is cited.  Working!
Seattle - lawmakers want police to call "suspects"  Community members?  I'm a community member, if U R in a zip tie, U R a suspect!
Dem, Bill SB54 goes to Gov Brown 4 signature, W/O resident approval.  Bill directs prisoners 2B released into community W/O regard 4 status
Calif announces plans to spend 400 billion on free healthcare. Problem is, they only take in 180 billion in revenue.  Taxpayers not happy.
America, vote these Dems out in 2018.  They take the wrong side every time.  They pander to illegals for votes, over Americans.  Unite us!
Of course they signed up.  Go to the Green Fund site and see how absurd the causes.  Like-Coastal Adaption Project for Tuvalu.  Tuvalu who?
It's not fair to America, that's the reason. 150 undeveloped countries signed up to get climate aid from America.  Countries W/O food & gov
Have you read it?  It requires America to stop mining coal, but countries like Russia & India can continue coal mining 4 another 10 years?
WHAT DID THE U.S. GET FROM THE $10 TRILLION OBAMA ADDED TO THE DEFICIT?  NOTHING TO SHOW FOR IT!! OBAMA GOT RICH -STEALING MONEY.
Possibly because he IS nT accepting under the tale payoffs??
And you are surround by what might we ask?
Absolutely True! @realDonaldTrump hasn't accomplished anything in his 130+ days in office, except to change rules for SCOTUS pick.
Timmy, did you bother to read the Accords? Just like ACA, you didn't read either! This is a NON BINDING accord! You guys talk to just talk!
He wants to undo EVERYTHING Obama accomplished. Period. And become Dictator for life. Baby Doc Trump.
As he tries to undo Obama's legacy - he gingerly hammers the nails into his own coffin. 2018 can't come soon enough.
Try 2 avoid fossil fuels for just one day. You'll soon find out ur the worst kind of junkie there is. An addict in denial. Nice try though.
Probably because he realized he & his cronies weren't going to benefit from staying.  Everything with the Orange Faced lunatic is about  $$$
His interests lie with American Ppl, unlike @timkaine's & @HillaryClinton's whose lie with themselves. #Cashinin
We shouldn't have to pay trillions to be part of a "club" What did they really do? No consequences if didn't meet goals.
Because he lied about everything else and Bannon told him he should do this to keep his fan base happy and call it a win. #ParisAgreement
You're a fraud just like "manmade" climate change.
Don't forget dinosaurs and flatlanders. #TimKaineforPresident
Blah blah blah, are you and Hillary still crying because you're surrounded by election deniers?
by that you mean people with common sense and a keen eye for a fraud
Benefits Russia and China.
He's trying to deflect from the Russia scandals
Did ya ever think that maybe USA is paying too much for these 3rd world countries that don't care about the planet?
There is more than one way to skin a cat ya know......
You're just surrounded by plain old junkies
Sen Kaine, why don't you explain climate change in scientific terms?
Because he's smarter than you global warming scammers combined. He can do add up the numbers and see just how stupid Obama was.
I think he wanted to send an "up yours" to the "globalist elites"...or something like that.
So hopefully you @MarkWarner and @TerryMcAuliffe will step up and put VA on the right side of history

Because he is way smarter than you and your sore loser running mate...that's why!
the only ones who benefit are Big Oil, Chemical Companies and the Stock Market. America and the World are the losers.
Because he is a jackass
Putin.
He made deal with china. China gets USA jobs and trump got 30 trademarks in china
thank god for trump. if the election resulted in your favour with that vile woman we would really be in trouble.
Really? Accomplishments like being a phony leader? What did Obama do to get Nobel Prize? Cut the BS. I don't even like Trump.
And it became an agent for his revenge against the leaders of Europe who have him the cold shoulder.
Kaine 2020
: GET SCREWED LIBTURD!!!!!!!!!!!!
He's an idiot that doesn't have a clue about science!! He surrounds himself by yes men who are just like him!
@realdonaldtrump must be terribly jealous of both #worstpresidentever and a guy who was part of team that got thumped 306 to 232
you are a "snowflake" who says moronic things and speaks Spanish with a terrible accent.
because he wants to distract from RUSSIA!!! And comey!!!
and they hurt his feelings
Yes he is surrounded by those people but is responsible for his own actions
removed and blocked due to your ignorant shouts
Trump walked away from the #ParisAgreeement because scientists used big words that he couldn't comprehend like climate and change.

;he'll be back ! wants his John Hancock in/on all 'so said improvements !
Don't worry, Timmy. You and the French can battle Climate Change with your Mighty N-Rays! And don't forget the Cargo!!
Obama accomplished NOTHING legally and was nothing more then a fund raiser.  #OBAMA #NOTALEADER
tim, find something useful to do.  YOU LOST
Mr. Kaine do you drive a car or flying in airplane? They do burn fossil fuels.
Agreed. More drilling. More fracking. I DON'T need crude oil to live. I do not need Coal to live. I need fresh and clean water, air and food
He walked away because the #ParisAgreement was no good for the USA. Some of us still love the USA, unlike you liberals.
He's trying to delete everything great that President Obama did
Yes the President and I are both Junk Science Deniers, and how do you get to work a car? Do you fly on airplanes? Fuel junkie yourself?
Кто бы мог подумать
Кто  бы мог  сказать
Что удастся Трампу Клинтон  обскакать  Нонсенс сей возможен
Лишь  в случае одном  Когда б скакун
It also lowers his property values to place them under water
Мне известны сенсационные тайны  фактической капитуляции США в битве за Белый дом, а также встречи Лаврова и Трампа в Белом доме...
SOS!       Америка в эпицентре дьявольского антизападного заговора.
Отсюда - всё остальное:  ход и исход президентских выборов и так далее..
Трамп, как всегда,  "не ведает что творить"...
Maybe he walked away from it because its a bad deal?
Thank you Mr. Trump for making America great again.
Tim Kaine you are sorrounded by cheating piers, boy am I glad you are out of the picture clown.
only way he could hate Obama more is if Michelle had been white .. so yep, he is erasing anything he did - when we gonna impeach
Although even Exxon was against him pulling out.
Because @realDonaldTrump is mean and nasty
Fossil fuel junkies will deny anything that gets in the way of getting their next fix.
Proud of our @POTUS for pulling out. Barack couldn't justify it, that's why he did it like he did. SCAM!
He did it to draw the press away from the Russia coverage. He cares nothing about the environment unless it would profit him and his doners.
He walked away, because it's a sham and a hoax, and never ran it thru congress, along w/Iran agreement. So thankful Ur not vp.
It's always about money with him, and he's stupid
Pass on strong support for Paris climate agreement!
$100B a yr to help reduce the temp by 2/10ths of 1 degree by the yr 2100. This is why your are a liberal loon.
Because it's a crap deal that rewards China and India and punishes the US perhaps? Only science deniers are the democrats.
When you ran with Hillary, hardly anyone went to listen to you, now I see why. You democrats look out for everyone but americans.
cause it was an agreement that didnt make sense.
NO .... looser .. President Trump stopped paying the international swamp
Actually he didn't walk away, he rode off in a golf cart.
Power and Greed that's why!!
you must be surrounded by aliens from another planet!!
Questioning economically retarded agreements doesn't make you anti-science. It makes you smart.
U have UR head stuck up UR gluteus maximus! #ParisAgreement = SCAM
#ParisAgreement = BS #AMERICAFIRST  Truth about #climatechange C0-Founder of Green Peace
#ParisAgreement = BS #AMERICAFIRST Alex Epstein on manipulated origins of CC "97%" figure
Excuse4Elites&Politicians 2meet InMostLuxuriesPlaces LiveUpHighLife wUSA Tax$ TRILLIONS$=WEALTH RE-DISTRIBUTION FROM NEEDY AMERICANS 2WORLD?
WoW really he's jealous ? Speaking as one of The Deplorables you guys are so small and bitter...It's sad..
Stop giving him so much credit. Macron shook his hand hard, it's an obama legacy and he's a baby. This was spite plain and simple.
And by people who can actually read the 20 pages and understand that it was not a good option for the US.
Because US first.
President Trump is not about tearing our country apart but about  fixing it.  You are nuts
I didn't recognize your name. NO ONE cares about Obama. Thank God for President Trump and the Deplorables. Go sit with Hillary.
He saved the American tax payers 3 trillion dollars and 6 1/2 million jobs. Germany won't even pay their NATO bill.
I'm ashamed of what Trump did in pulling out of Paris agreement. Symbolically, it's a tragedy to remove our presence.
He feels like he is "winning" over his predecessor when he chips away at the Obama legacy.
. Because you love globalists . Loser
Read the Paris Agreement.  We need to quit paying for everyone and get out of what is not good
Even #Tillerson said stay in, but that couldn't balance #PresidentBannon
He also knows nothing about science or policy.  His Bannon is showing.
It takes effect first day of next new admin. Why? He wants to have his supporters think he withdrew, but he really doesnt want to withdraw.
Because we are the only country that has to do anything. Kills jobs and 3.4 trillion of our wealth redistributed. Bad deal.
it's all about getting rid of anything the real President- Obama-
achieved. We all know that.
Wright a book!Five ways to wipe out OPEC! And all there products!
Money, appease his base, just to show he could... POWER=NARCISSISM=MEGALOMANIA=TRUMP ... but mostly  !!!
Because Putin told him to. He isn't a leader. He's  a bully who thinks he's been invited to the cool kids' table. Putin is using him.
#govegan
And he wants the votes from coal miners in 2020
And to retaliate against other foreign leaders and those of us who oppose him. He's a vindictive man with a small ego.
No hes a vindictive man with a small brain and a big ego. Hes simply an egotistical brat. Thats all there is to it.
The Earth has been undergoing "climate change" for BILLIONS of years Timmy. How much have U invested in Green energy to put this foil on us?
Hey, climate change is real, but why waste billions trying to stop something that man can't stop?
The guy just hate and jealous of Obama's signature and accomplishment. Let him continue to disgrace himself in n around the world. Pathetic
And he wants money for his famous Wall.. he should pay for it
Bs and you know it lying Timmy
Deep in fossil fuel pockets and company. has no choice politicly but most likely is a true denier as well. His beliefs usually  outlandish
It's like Archie bunker is running the White House
Because he cares about America and puts us 1st and not in some stupid money bleeding agreement that's just socialism wealth recircultion.
due to his false beliefs
Science deniers are the real fools they're flip-flops quacks. As for junkies fossils quit use fossils fuel and get help for REAL.
Texans in other words. More evil from the Axis of Oil.
it's a matter of defending tax payer money. Why should we give billions of dollar to these people.
