you all looked like trolls even then
You should be our vice POTUS. Sigh
Congratulations!
Is this one in jail?
Congrats!
Congratulations to your family!
Good man #ResistanceSummer #ResistTrump #Resistance
Congratulations!!
God bless you  
Congrats on your new "daughter"!
Btful memories! Thanks for sharing.
Best wishes to all !
Congratulations Tim to you and your family on this happy day!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!!
Congratulation
Soooo beautiful!!! You two are the epitome of love 
Congratulations!
Congratulations. Now once more into the breach tomorrow
Congratulations Senator! And thank you for yours and Anne's service. RVA loves you!!!
Congratulations, Senator!  best wishes for him and his bride!
Congratulations to the newlyweds.
Congratulations to the happy couple!
Congrats!!!
Such a sweet photo!
Congratulations! Have a wonderful and exciting day! And to the newly weds lots of love, health and happiness! 
Congratulations
Congrats,  Mr Senator
Awesome
Thank you so much for the semblance of normalcy. The Leadership on display is appreciated. 
I hope for happiness!!
Sweeeet:)
Great photo!
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations to you and your wonderful family.
You both still  look great Tim!  Congrats to your entire family.  Years of happiness and health are wished for the happy couple.
Congratulations Senator!  So happy for you all!
Tell me one person who really cares Timmy boy
Congratulations!
All the best to your son and daughter-in-law!
Aw.. congratulations!
Congratulations...Have a great day and blessings to the couple
Congratulations!  Well wishes for the couple!
Do you ever reply to anyone on twitter? Cool pic!
Congratulations to all and many happy memories
Cute photo
Congrats to Nat!
@esCARRgot_ they grow up so fast :')
:''')
Congratulations 
Congratulations!
Congratulations. Much happiness!
Awesome!!!
Wishing them a wonderful day and all the best in their life together!!
Congratulations and best wishes for the happy couple.
Congratulations to your son @timkaine
Congratulations to you and your family!
Congratulations!!! Enjoy the magic of the day
Congrats Sen and Mrs Kaine Wishing your family the best
Congratulations!!
Is this Linwood?
If he is anything like you ... he'll be s great husband and father!!  Congratulations to you all and God Bless!!!
you should be Vice President please save us
Keep dreaming
k
Congrats, Senator! Mazel Tov!
Congrats to you
Congrats to all your family!
Sweet! Enjoy today! 
Congratulations!  All the best to Nat
Mazel tov!
Congratulations!
Congratulations !!  Happy and proud for you all !!
Congratulations!
Congrats, that's great!
Is that the antifa scum one?
Let's hope you teach him to respect the laws of this country even if you don't agree. There are legal ways to change laws.
Congratulations.  As a Canadian, I think he picked the perfect date - Canada Day!
Congratulations!
Congrats to you too! His girl will have a great mother and father-in-law!!!!
Congrats to Nat!!!!
So very happy for a wonderful family. Best to all 
Congrats to your lil boy and your family #weddingday
What's his husbands name?
Congratulations!
Congratulations sir.  A beautiful thing to see in the midst of the craziness.  I look forward to the pics. 
Nat? kinda like what you remind me of. A gnat on my ass that I'm certain to smash. Tell someone who gives a shit. What's next share a recipe

Congratulations to your family!
Congratulations to your family!!
Congratulations!! May their lives be filled with love and joy!
Congrats
.Is worthless Woody snowflake going to be there?  Will he have his hood and be prepared to beat up old ladies?
Congrats
Congrats to you and your family, Tim. You're our REAL Vice President.
keep these families stories to yourself! No pictures please!!!
Here's a thought: Don't follow.
I like to know what the enemies are up to. This weekend is wedding, next day they go back to beat up people, burn...
I feel sorry for you. Truly.
feel sorry for yourself! You are the one in the resistance! We are winning!  You are whining! Fools resist #MAGA.
I don't see anyone as the enemy. I don't whine. I am not hateful to people I don't know. Especially when they post positive messages. Sad.
just because the enemy posts a positive message it doesn't make them good people. Tim Kaine is vile & hateful person
Spare us the pictures please
Congrats!!
I wish them a wonderful future
Congratulations!
May God bless you and your family, may their lives be blessed by the removal of this joke of a President and a new world come to America
Congratulations! 
Congrats!

Is he the one who protests with ANTIFA?
Congrats  to the groom & his lovely bride 
Congratulations!
Congratulations to the Kaine family!
Congrats sir
We're so excited for you guys!
Congratulations family is what life's about.
Congrats to the father of the groom.
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations! Looks like you and I have been married for the same amount of years. I wouldn't trade that for all the gold in the world.
This one?
What is wrong with you?
Wishing your family all the best. Thank you for being and staying a positive role model in rough times
congratulations and enjoy your celebrations!
Congratulations. Great pic
Congrats! 
Congratulations!
Congrats!!!!
Please tell him congrats and I can't wait to meet her!
:)  Have a wonderful day! Much love to your family!  <3 <3 <3
Congratulations!!
Congratulations to all of you!   Enjoy their celebration of Love!
Congrats senator.
We need love now more than ever. Congratulations to your loved ones.
That's wonderful.  Congrats to your son and your family
Congratulations to your son, his new bride, you, and your family.
Oh my, he looks just like you. Congrats to your son and fiancé
That IS Tim and his wife 33 years ago in the B&W photo 
Oh, my bad. Sorry Tim!
Congratulations to the son of our ELECTED Vice President! #MAGA
Diabetes has affected your brain
I'm happy you're exhibiting your "Christianity." #batshitcrazy
Congrats!
Congratulations
Congratulations on gaining a new daughter-in-law
Congratulations and best wishes to your family on this happy day.
Congratulations!!
Mazel Tov!  Wishing your whole family a lifetime of happiness, Senator!   
Congratulations!
Congrats to the Bride & Groom! Celebrate & enjoy the day!
Congratulations!! Enjoy 
Congratulations Senator, una ocacion muy Feliz
How so? 
#AlternativeFact
Congratulations!
Is he the ANTIFA one, or the other one?

Health and happiness to you and yours this Independence Day weekend.
Congrats!
Congrats to Nat and his bride! My oldest just got married last month, too. Time flies, doesn't it?
Congrats!!
Felicidades!
Congrats!
Congratulations Senator
Congrats & thank you for working for all Americans
Congratulations to him !
Congrats, Senator, and congrats to Nat and his betrothed 
You hvnt aged a bit 
Congratulations to you, your son, his wife to be and the entire family. Celebrate the happiness!

Congrats to the happy couple!
Looking good senator.
Congratulations! Have a beautiful day!
Congratulations on your son's marriage. May you have a blessed and memorable day!
That'nice.  Why don't you get a hold of Gardner and ask him why he's not talking to his constituents
Awww congratulations to him and to you for gaining a daughter.
Congratulations @timkaine on your oldest son getting married 
A day when you know 100% you will cry.Enjoy :0)
Congrats Tim!
Congratulations 
Love this - congrats to Nat and his bride!!
Congrats, Senator.
Congratulations!  May they have a lifetime of happiness!
Congratulations!
Congrats Senator,I am wanting to speak to Hillary today,please pass that on!!KINDLY with apology!!dora
Congratulations to your son and to your family!
Congratulations to all!
Congratulations!!!
Congrats to your son and to your family Tim. Have a wonderful day, and a safe 4th of July weekend.
Wonderful day
Congrats to groom, bride, and their proud families!
Congratulations to you and your lovely family.
Congratulations!
Nat? Are you serious? 
Almost as bad as Woody 
