How James Comey shaped the election: We examine the ways he handled the Clinton and Trump-related investigations http://nyti.ms/2pWdqlG 
@nytimes Senator, with all due respect, you must investigate to find out extent of profiteering emanating from the White House.
@B52Malmet @timkaine @nytimes Please! Step up your game senator Kaine. You are our voices. 
Time for an independent commission. The SIC has done nothing in 3 months.
Such BS. Keep up the Democratic lie. You will continue to lose elections. Failing polices and candidates and no winning message.
Be truthful Tim #NSA gave #Wikileaks #Hillarys emails FACT add #corruption & the constant negative message from #DNC
So Clinton lost because Comey is a Russian agent?
Comey should not be in charge of any investigation regarding Trump. He won the lection for him & is NOT bipartisan. We need an independent
Sen Kaine, if all this corruption had not gone on I'm sure you would be Vice President and the honorable Ma Clinton would be President
Gimme a ! at the very least, TK
and while that's happening we also make sure all voters are legal citizens!!
How many incidents of non-citizens have been documented and proven?
their welcome package includes a voter registration registration form, so hmmmmmmm
When you become a citizen, you should register to vote, just as all adult US citizens should. What's your point?
my point is you don't walk in as a illegal immigrant and get a voters registration card.
Right.
one only needs to examine your "performance" in VP debate to know you're unfit to be in WH. Have you congratulated @POTUS on release of Aya?
It wasn't a mistake. It was deliberate. Comey should have been fired. The FBI will forever be anathema to me.
Will there be a future?? This unfit, immoral maniac is going to start a nuclear war! 
FBI GET MOVING ON #TRUMPRUSSIA !
@B52Malmet @timkaine That clown is going to start WWIII for approval ratings & distract us from the Russian ties.
Never felt so "unsettled." There were moments during the debates when I was like NFW & WTF, but since 1/20, it's a permanent undercurrent
Stay vigilant, stand up, speak out, have faith #resist
Yep. All those things. No Korea has me off-balance today. #TheResistance 
That's the Bannon plan, keep us all on edge. And the Russian plot to divide us. We #resist
How abt repubs gerrymandering for the past 20 years? The only way they stay in is cheating. And #RestoretheVRA
@nytimes This will never get done without an independent Commission.
You need to push to get FBI investigation underway in Senate. This is bullshit. Half ass committee..lollygagging around. Get on it.
Russia did not interfere with elections. We need to hold Rice accountable for spying.
where "Comey's mistake was in not recommending prosecution of HRC
BURR NEEDS TO DO THE JOB HE'S GETTING PD FOR OR WE NEED TO PUSH NOW FOR INDEPENDENT COMMISSION.  WHAT CAN AMERICANS DO TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN?
The GOP tends to blame Russia whenever the GOP commit crimes. There is NO link to Russia hacking the DNC, according to the FBI. GOP did it!
They hacked an email maybe. Get over it already
It should have been @HillaryClinton and you Sen. Kaine!! #ImWithHer #ImStillWithHer
Keep fight for our country Tim Kaine!
And so we can eject the traitors in our midst.  Starting at potus.  Clearly a Traitor to this country.
WHY ISN'T BURR DOING HIS JOB ON SENATE INTEL COMM?  HE WON'T SIGN DOCS TO GET THINGS MOVING, HASN'T MADE REQUESTS, INTERVIEWED-ANYTHING.
Why does it seem like that won't happen?? Why isn't there an independent counsel?
We demand a #NewElection #Trumprussia negates the entire 2016 process.
Don't believe everything you read in the paper, boob. Comey had to overcome Lynch to do his job. Lynch's job, like yours, was to lie for HRC
Shaped ...is that what they call it.. ??
@SenatorBurr is trump mole worse than @jasoninthehouse & providing cover intel 2 trump collusion 4 russian monsters & blood $  on @GOP hands
What a joke! Work on the real problems Senator.
Exactly, but with the Yrump administration, it's doubtful. Democrtes need to keep on all issues, emoluments???!!!
I'm pretty sure the Trump/Russia witch hunt is finally concluding. We have more important issues to tackle in #MAGA
The only way to make America great again is to try everyone in this admin for treason and send them to prison for life. Traitors every one!
You're so delusional. There is no evidence of collusion. I know that you pray for it, However, it's just not there. Keep praying, tho
Give it up
You just can not let it go, can you? It's okay to lose Tim. And when you do, it shows your character on how you accept it. Let it go Timmy.
You're gracious and generous to call it a "mistake."
You're a fraud- propaganda wars have always been happening- the hacks were done by dems own i t people.
one day Russia is weak, the next they decide the Presidency. Too bad you are incapable of being honest with yourself.
HRC, you, we all got robbed.
So how exactly do we get Congress to actively investigate Russia? Looks now like neither the Senate or House are doing anything but bicker.
Get over it... there was no Russian interference... was Clinton ploy to distract and discredit Pres. Trump.  Intelligent people know truth
We need independent bipartisan investigation.These people are too party driven to find out the results. That is why they stall investigation
Yes Senator!!... We Must Stop Russians From Interfering With Our Free And Fair Elections. Especially, Since They Are Doing It In Europe Now!
This needs to be forced to end congress must demand information and punishment
At this point, hard 2 tell what is real & what was manufactured by the DNC. Where is the DNC server? Why no FBI access? U can get it done.
your so full of sh#!
@RepAdamSchiff @RepSwalwell stay united...No Trump tax returns = No tax reform, No Wall, No repeal of ACA #RussiaG8 keep investigating
agreed! @MarkWarner & his committee need to push more.
Timmie. Please help dry the tears & find safe places for all these snowflakes. They can't imagine life outside of mom & dads basement. #MAGA
I blame Comey as much as Russia, cause he stated his investigation on @HillaryClinton, left out he was also investigating @realDonaldTrump
Comey should be locked up. He is a traitor and an embarrassment to the office he holds
It doesn't matter you'll never win anyway Kane the pain
Can you get @MarkWarner to move the Russia investigation forward? Virginians are running out of patience.
Do you honestly believe Congress can handle this? This is so deeply concerning.
@B52Malmet @nytimes 

Give 'em hell, Senator.
Comey also needs to be investigated. His actions r questionable. He chose emails over collusion w/Russia?  Trump didn't need them w/Comey.
The #trumprussia investigation is going nowhere. We need #IndependentInvestigation. Ppl that are not tied to Trump.
You're the mistake mr kaine. Looking forward to voting you out of office
@MarkWarner  Where is the investigation?  Give us an update!  Beuller?  Bueller?
Be careful..the ruskies might meddle in your next losst. Lol
Look, DNC leaks shaped the election an order of magnitude more than Comey's letter which HE NEVER LEAKED to the public People hate a cheater
I read 'mistake' as a series of preventable blunders of monumental consequence.
In our culture & state of the world, its dangerous for Intelligence to process and share without being tempted to drive or protect a result.
Basing his actions on his assessment of the likely election outcome was a BIG mistake.  He should no longer be in charge of the FBI.
I still think you all and the rest of the country were robbed.
@nytimes James Comet is the ONE who really offered  interference in the election and smart Americans know it sad but true

I am as sure the sun will rise in the east as I am the Comey letter is why you are not our VP.
That's what we've been asking for every day for the last 95 days! Who's going to get this going?
Comey come on we are desperate for the #charges #trumpagadden
It was a hijacked election why would we not do it over, esp. with the populace's vote @ 3 million over. The country is truly suffering.
He gave the election to Trump, that's how he handled the investigation.
@nytimes Virginians rely on our senators. Please speed up the investigation. Senator Burr need to recuse himself.
Wow you are truly special people .. Hillary killing ambassador and hiding emails..
Our election system is forever tainted. Something must be done asap!! Impeach Trump!!!
Independent Commission with Special Prosecutor - Congress & Senate have failed us
#trumprussia #trumpcolluded  #resist #theresistance
#Trumprussia
'Mistake'? Yeah, no. Comey's stunt was intentional. Wake up.
A mistake that could lead us into WW3...And people called Secretary Clinton a hawk...
Should be tried for treason
Very interesting read. We need an Independent Commission for this! What is with Burr-won't sign ltr req. information for the investigation?
You really should have been VP and would have been one of compassion competence and statesmanship
Where is all of the democratic news media on the Russians they stopped playing the broken record but not you!!!!!!!#TermLimits
Hey comrade, why don't you get the FBI to investigate comrade Obama meddling in French election while you're at it.
The taxpayers want to know what you're doing to earn salary we're giving you? Chasing this pipe dream about the Russians must stop!!!
We need an independent prosecutor.  Now.
FBI needs to protect the US citizens from another hillary type wanting to run for president and, she still loose.
@nytimes I can't tell you how much I wish things had turned out differently
Thank you, @timkaine, for staying on this! We need you & we trust you.
Barr is delaying subpoenas for Intel committee.We need an independent investigation.The Russian situation is very dangerous for America.
INDEPENDENT COMMISSION
Furious after I read. Not enough about not revealing Trump investigAtion. Comey protecting himself. His fault we have an ill prepared jerk
I wouldn't call it a mistake. I would call it a betrayal.
We demand an #independent investigation. Come on Sen.Kaine; get it together and demand  independent investigation! The dems arent loud enuf!
What is happening with the #Trumprussia investigation?Why isn't @MarkWarner insisting action?We know there is #DoYourJob #TreasonousTrump
Actually it's been reported FBI had to intervene b/c of collision with Lynch. And plan to cheat! You were probably in on it
What about protecting us now?  
Trump is increasingly unstable, and it seems no one in Congress will step up.
#TrumpRussia
Independent commission and special prosecutor ASAP!!!
Who will get to the bottom of James Comey's interference?
Comey is comprised.. plain and simple!
Time for the private sector to take on this investigation. Which law firm wants to become National Heroes?
When will we have an INDEPENDENT investigation?  Burr is obstructing and there is no action. Trump is threatening war with NK! Come on!
Strategic Patience has not worked with NK and put the US in this position.  Obama failed, Trump has to deal with it and he is doing great 
Kaine lies for the #DNC
Independent commission. Burr is obstructing progress.
Still can't get over your massive failure can you?

best kick some butt and get that senate panel working again- i hate to think Burr is compromised along with Nunes
The FBI installed that server in her closet, and then forced her to use it to transmit, and receive Top Secret intel?
I don't trust either Congressional Intelligence Committee, nor the FBI. What do we need to do to get an independent investigation?
@nytimes more like insane instead of interesting!  Great work you're doing, Senator!
What the hell is going on? The corruption is rampant in this administration. We need something done now.
Senator, it is a half-baked re-hash of material available publicly for months, and ignores the @NYT Ghouliani connection and mistakes.
Ask your friend, retired senator @SenatorReid all about his interview with @EricLichtblau for the inside story.
I submit much better takes are from @SethAbramson and @Khanoisseur s threads than from @NYT
You lost and are still whining. You have no shame Tim. You have no shame. Just take your loss and stop complaining about the respected FBI
Why aren't Senate Ds having daily press conferences about this travesty?
Please help Venezuela
