It slashes #Medicaid & hurts the 22,000 Virginians who rely on @PPFA for health care
It weakens health benefits & raises health costs for Virginia’s families at a time when we should be working to lower costs
I don't understand why they want to be cruel? Millions of lives at stake & they decide to check their morals at the door? This is scary
Are you upset you may no longer be exempt from this "awesome health care" you shoved up America's ass?
You would think that Sen. Kaine has a close friend on the other side of the isle he can get to vote against this insane bill.
It's literally murderous.
every democrat tweet including cnn is identical.  cant you people even be original in your ctiticism?
I'm thinking they are all bots.
bingo
Can't be any worse than the sham you pulled on us with ACA
You are cruel...and creepy
Deplorabill
@AutumnNAlston evil & immoral
Agreed! Please fight as hard as you can to stop it!
Amen. It is certain death for many Americans including myself. Stand up for Virginia!
Repeal and replace and obomacare was mean and cruel
Please fight for those who need fair and affordable health care.
It's murder and a economy killer.
and corrupt.
I would have more respect for the Dems if they stood as adults and admit the mistake of Obamacare instead of piss n moan!
If you know so much, WHY DIDN'T YOU AND YOUR BUDDIES TRY TO FIX OBAMACARE OR NOT APPROVE IT IN THE FIRST PLACE??? NO WONDER DEMS R LOSING!
Cruelty is the Devil's trademark
It's better than the POS plan Obama gave us. Wish we could put the Genie back in the bottle. It wasn't broke before OBcare.
To sum it up: #Trumpcare = #Wealthcare #deathbygop #WorshipWealth
.@SenateMajLdr used Roosevelt era govt program to recover from #polio. Now strips health cvg from millions https://youtu.be/A-utLdJo69U?t=6m6s … #AHCA
You did not read it, you approved the Obama bill before reading and it turned out to be disaster. let some one with Brains fix this Problem.
Guaranteed by a rigged primary which you would have lost.
Kill Obamacare before it kills anymore Americans.
Kill Obamacare now
Not as cruel as Obamacare
So is Obamacare.  It's nothing but wealth distribution. Not about healthcare.  Millions lost their doctors.
You're like a parrot, squawk!!! It's just mean, squawk, it's cruel ! Squawk I'm a pussy!!
And ridiculously inefficient and ultimately more expensive.
But how did we get here?
Take this by the horns Tim!!!!
Get this thing to fail!!!
The news people asked the Republicans if they read the bill, they said I have to rely on my aides, who give me a summary.
We know you'll stick up for us, Tim. And we'll stick up for you. Thank you.
Not as cruel as you and the Democrats!
You are melodramatic and ridiculous. Stop misleading the American people with your outright lies.
Lack of healthcare bill. Just a tax cut for the weLtgy
Too bad Obama, Hillary, and corporate dems didn't get behind #SinglePayer when they could have.
Nah, "you're gonna love it" ..... EVEN IF IT KILLS YOU!!!
Block it with everything you guys have fight like hell we are all backing you.
It's not a healthcare bill. It's a huge tax cut for billionaires paid for with heath of nation. That the truth you should be telling.
Really? How so?
Have to find a way to win 2018-2020
That was obamacare. Time to repeal Obamacare.
As a nurse-now disabled, I see both sides of this coin& see thats all it's about-coin! not about caring.No decency left.
It is domestic terrorism!
#HealthcareBill
have you read the whole bill Tim shouldn't you do that first please no more lies
The Republicans haven't even read the whole bill.
You know what to do, Senator. 

Go to the mattresses....
Then do something about it.
Nobody is listening. You have ZERO credibility. We reject you & your corrupt co-conspirators on both sides of the aisle. RIP #NEANDERTHALS
I'm 62.  If I weren't disabled and on Medicare, I would be looking at homelessness.
Also an RN, aching for nursing homes and patients.
Provide examples not just party talking points
Senator Kaine, you are a good man. I'm thankful for you.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski, two Republicans who have the conscience to object... let's hope they have the fortitude to deny McConnell.
This Healthcare Bill is Cruel! Hurray for the Rich! Screw the Little People!
Please use very tool in your arsenal to fight this!
So get in the faces of GOP leaders and start screaming...for those who don't have access.
Try again, Senator: "This bill will kill Americans for no reason."
it's blood money like @SenWarren said, dont hold back, dont mince words
Keep calling, it's working!! Capito (202) 224-6472 Murkowski (202) 224-6665 Heller (202) 224-6244 Collins (202) 224-2523
dont call it health care... it's a financial bill just look at the title not one mention of word health in it.... there's your talking point
You're wrong, Timmy.
Thanks for opposing it!
You lost get over it loser
Issa joke.
And the ACA is just another Bowel Movement passed in the middle of the night.
Your pizza is cruel, Mr. Cain. I'm never eating at Godfather's again.
