Exclusive: Donald Trump asked James Comey to end the Michael Flynn inquiry in February, Comey wrote in a memo then http://nyti.ms/2pROmsW 
Mr Kaine. Why was this narrative of Russian hacking hatched before Mr Comey said @HillaryClinton was under investigation. #Podesta emails.
We as a country need to rewrite the hard and fast (prosecutable) rules/laws about what a sitting pres. & family can do.  NOW.  Get on it.
We as a country elected this president and we will stand with he and his family and not the criminals trying to take him down!
Trying to charge someone with a crime after more than ten months of absolutely not one shred of evidence, c,mon who's delusional
Surely we are up to more than 98 reasons. Thank you for speaking up. I hope your senate colleagues will do the right thing!
Reason #1 for a special prosecutor, Tim Kaine can not substantiate his claims with truth and his accusations are slanderous collusion w/DNC.
Consider the source
I agree the country needs a special prosecutor as badly as we need senators to think about their tweets and curb their childish reactions
Grow open. Trump was elected, do your job.
Dems should weigh things carefully (don't gloat), they say a 911 type commission would be less problematic.
Why is the GOP still defending the POTUS, Senator Kaine? Surely there are some GOP left with integrity? Campaign finance reform is critical
Could you image if Hillary did this.  Republicans ARE the BIGGEST   HYPOCRITES  
wcg50 beg your pardon miss but  , Hilary DID do this with her server remember, now who's the hipicrate?
She never gave classified Intel to our adversaries! She isnt president. Stop the damn whining hillary hillary & address trumps incompetence.
wcg50 Hilary did more damage to America with her unseured server then we will ever know
@PrincessBravato @nytimes Want 2 serve your country? Call evry Republican U S Rep & demnd Trump's removal. http://TSanMisc.com 
A crime our FBI director chose not to report but instead took secret notes to use later if need be. Sounds like a Democrat.
#ComeyMemo
Special Prosecutor to investigate Hillary, email, corruption, foundation and who had Rich killed.
Sad day for y'all riding that "Trump Train," huh?   
Mole hill?  He's outdone Nixon by leaps!
Hey you fraud- you need an actual crime and perpetrator for there to be a prosecutor- you're a partisan fraud and hack
I really admire, Sen. Kaine, you but common core math must be the culprit if you have only counted up to 98 reasons.
Why do you keep citing unnamed sourced news articles?  If that were true, then Comey is guilty to, correct?
it's soon to be summer ! Melt away!!!!!!
@TuckerCarlson  Think we will reach # 100 by this afternoon?
Begin impeachment
Request to @realDonaldTrump for political asylum for General Electric whistleblower Seema Sapra http://seemasapra.blogspot.in/2017/05/fwd-message-to-us-president-donald.html …
Sounds like Tim & Nancy in bed together over Trump. Need Special Investigation! Passing fake news & lies for pillow talk.
Blah blah blah go away.
You are a hack.  Thank God Hillary lost and there is no risk of you becoming president.
Grow up.  What the public cares about is jobs, lower taxes, immigration, foreign policy, fair trade.  Stop wasting time with these games.
There are many more reason for invoking 25th Amendment for "mentally unfit".
Have u seen the note. No
I think we can skip that & go straight to impeachment proceedings.
Bull, praying dems are exposed!
@nytimes
 Stay true to the truth!!! Thank you Senator!!
Stop screwing around! Impeach the entire Executive NOW! What in hell are you waiting for? We are in CLEAR & PRESENT DANGER!!
@rosie
@cnnbrk @nytimes why Trump has cut off (fired) every links when the Russian investigation getting too close to him? Why? @realDonaldTrump
I hope Comey can singlehandedly put this pres down!
@nytimes not gonna happen timmy keep up the farce it shows your intelligence.
Reason #98 for Impeachment of @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
throw him out
You still mad bro that you aren't VP?

@TeamDmoney86 @nytimes @nytmike lying SOB!!!
It's only at #98?
@SenateDems 99 problems and thank God #HillaryClinton ain't one.
What we need is an independent investigation commission, not a special prosecutor.
Yes, good reasons so lets get the Clintons first
Based on unnamed resources? Great credible journalism? Kaine has never been rationale.
Reason #98 that Senator Tim Caine will never be President of the United States !!!
Please do not let this POTUS give out any more sensitive info. to enemies or allies. Are we even sure who our Allies are right nowOr enemies
Do remember where you were on 911?That our Homeland was attacked with our own Aircraft by people that had sensitive info about US(A).I rem.
Is 100 the magic number?
Mr. Kaine it is time to press your Republican constituents to a consensus that our president is not acting in our best interest. Impeachment
You can go straight to impeachment
Sad thing is reason #1 should've been enough for your peers but they believe blind allegiance is more impt than the future of our democracy
Yes, we need an independent investigation/special prosecutor.
In all seriousness senator. Wth is going on here? We need answers sir.
So take action! Tomorrow! I'm tired of all the talk!
only 98?!
Are there any special prosecutors left? 
Nope, straight to Impeachment.  #WorsethanNixon
Almost 1/ day!
Where is proof of anything?  I think if there was evidence if anything we would see it by now.  Still got nothing.
Don't worry folks!  Jason Chaffetz is "ready" to subpoena the memo about this!!
999998
We got 99 problems and you are 1
Term limits for you.
Yes.  Now do something senator
Sent you a letter asking for articles of impeachment.
The perceived evidence is piling up.  I hope you and @MarkWarner are doing more than just tweeting about it!
I don't believe it- there's no way there's only 98 reasons so far
We only needed one
Come on everybody, "Lock him up!"
This can't be a cry in the wilderness! Who's joining me? #Lockhimup
With all due respect, Senator Kaine, obstruction of justice in an impeachable offence. You don't need a special prosecutor to tell you this.
After 238 years on April 18 1775, 
Will Trump be the next "PAUL REVERE"  ? ? ? ?
@nytimes wcg50 take a long walk off a short Pier
@davidfrum suggests Independent Investigation over Special Prosecutor???
trump: stop russian investigation. comey: no. Trump: youre fired = obstruction of justice = impeachable.
So is 100 arming the Nukes?
Impeachment and removal time.
Don't remember you asking for a special prosecutor concerning Hillary you political HACK !!!!
Senator impeach
@foe_us @nytimes So, Trump has done like 5 things to justify removal from office. Pleeeze! 68% of the country will have PTSD!
And articles of impeachment!!
? You are ready for a special prosecutor so we can leave him in the WH for another 18 months?
98?  You're generous!  I'm up to at least 323 !!
For the Hillary investigation? Fast & furious? Benghazi? So many reasons.
Can you just imagine if there was contemporary memo by AG that Pres Clinton said I hope u can let this go - HRC is a good woman?!?!?!
That's what I'm talking about Sen. Kain!
98? You're being generous.
Reason 98, forget reason 98, IMPEACH 45
@foe_us @nytimes Only 98? So what are you planning for day after impeachment day? What's your approach to Pence?
Never happen and a Special prosecutor's finding are confidential and ALWAYS POLITICAL. So go find a safe place timmy
why not independent commission
Only #98?
That ship has sailed...#IMPEACH
Withhold consent until one is appointed!
How many reasons does it take? Now for the punch line,,, o wait, jokes on us .... I thought you guys welded some power up there...
Why a special prosecutor? It's the house that needs to investigate. Are you unaware of the constitution?
Don't you worry Senator, you're next on the chopping block. You won't have to worry about politics any longer next election.
Would a nonpolitical Congressional investigative committee be more effective?
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/a-special-prosecutor-is-not-the-answer/526662/ …
Special prosecutors need a clear case
Seriously Senator, you're being awful kind with your tally there.
Can US money he wasted be recovered?
#98000
Well, why don't you pressure VA repubs like @RepMGriffith - who's too damn stupid to have an independent thought - to move to "impeach" side
If we get to a  does that mean we can impeach?
Dear @timkaine I would have had about 6 more digits on there but yes.
You won more votes 
No Senator, pls excuse the correction but I believe the number is 1098.
You mean for Impeachment?
Your numbers are off by an order of magnitude.
Reason #98 for you to grind the Senate to a halt. NOW.
On Hillary please.
Smashing the phones with hammers?
Using bleach it to erase evidence?
Setting up a private server in a closet?
Murdering #SethRich?
Cheating in an election?
@billclinton meeting Lynch on the tarmac?
You lost to this clown.
