Your evidence, please. Without any, I'm a 600-ft tall rooster for all it matters. (Equally unsubstantiated.)
YOU REALLY RAISED A WINNER LMAO
what a terrible argument. Don't have a point?attack someone's child.
does he look like a child bozo????
attack ad hominem.  Look it up.
oh just shut up look up MKULTRA,
take off the tin foil hat dude
Google Agenda 21
Under Obamacare our premiums & deductibles tripled & one of us lost all our doctors & required to get a new plan. U & O r liars.
and what percent deals with lottery winners?  WOW
well I'm glad they thought the whole thing through...go ahead get skin cancer, we'll get you on the back end.
One must always have their orange skin. It's called Nuclear Glow
why is there a "tanning tax" to begin with?
Stop it.  https://www.facebook.com/POTUS/ 
LOSER!!!
#AmericasDad, still fighting for us.
No, it's been me all along.
if only we knew someone who will benefit from this....

6 pages devoted to excluding Lottery winners? Are we in Oz?
Yeah, six pages of their brief document.  What quality! What substance!
Twilight Zone, definitely.  I keep looking for the doorway I fell thru to end up here....
looking glass alice
Paul Ryan must be STOPPED. Please work to stop his medicare/Medicare policies.
@marieinal orange Julius is obviously a fan of artificial skin tone!
why don't all of you have the same insurance we have to have. Oh no the privileged ones get the best. We pay for it.
congress currently uses ACA established DC insurance exchange https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R43194.pdf …
Make it #GOPCare so people remember it's the party, not the man who put them in this situation.
Obama created this crapcare.
Shouldn't you be bailing your kid out of jail?
Why do you care...you and your staff are exempt from obamacare....
Oh Senator Tim... I like you 
How's your son?.....  @timkaine
because priorities.
continue to resist.  As a recipient of SSI and Medicare, I have major concerns with how POTUS 45 and his liars handle things
What are you two?
Obamacare doubled my insurance deductible and price almost doubled! You didn't seem to care then!
But let's call it Republicare, snce it takes a (GOP) Village.
and #aca has saved us all a ton of $! NOT! Ridiculous premiums, unusable deductibles, only 1 provider, annual increases. Horrible!
Does it allow you to use HSA funds to bail your FelonChild out of jail? ...interesting 

How much do Senators & Congressmen actually pay themselves for health insurance?
has anyone checked #Trumpcare bill against Trump Inc. holdings? Tanning salons, for one?
lol
You're lucky you even get a say in it given your exclusion of half the nation when shoving Obamacare, unread, down our throats.

you're a fraud
Divide and conquer. While the people in the establishment push through the EXACT health care that they want. That includes you Tim.
lame
thats y he's orange he's been in the spray tan booth to long
We must not let this happen
priorities are askew with 45
lol
 The shade... #Trumpcare
reallly more than the premiums have gone up in the last  4 years
cuts the tanning tax, so more people will develop skin cancer needing more healthcare, which they won't be able to afford
@drhug I hope you have enough TeaPublican Votes to deny Repeal We're not stupid we see why they want to Repeal So Billionaires win
...and just when nobody's looking, @SpeakerBoehner gets ultimate revenge!
what is the tanning tax?
tanning tax was obama's 1st piece of legislation after inauguration. It was an intentional discriminatory tax on whites only.
Omg cutting the tanning tax ???? I see where his true colors lay !!! Very interesting indeedthis has made me laugh BIGLY
@imsarahmoore tim you must do more than tweet
Must defeat #Trumpcare /#wealthcare 
(priority: Very High)
P.S. Don't forget #RussiaFactor (priority: Highest) 
#ImpeachTrump
It doesn't matter how you feel or are; it only matters how you look. (Paraphrasing a SNL Fernando Lamas skit.)
what!!!
Doesn't make sense to me.
What???
Well, that will be a MAJOR cost break for @realDonaldTrump
@kharyp On  Well played Sir! #TheResistance
@Smarty_Skirt they voted for it, @GOP drafted it, now they own it. Lives will have to be lost for the rust belt to get it.
Why only give yourself a tax cut when you can give yourself a tax cut AND save 10% on your next tanning session?
I guess orange lives matter!
sorry, but I laughed at this one.  
ba-dum-bum-tshhhh!  
hmmm, wonder why??
every little bit in his pocket! Screw the rest of us

Republicans will burn in hell for the lives they take with this bill. There is not and never was a "Christian Right"

May I ask why you voted for ANY of his nominees Mr. Kaine? Otherwise, please refrain from commenting. Thank you.
fascinating...
I am hoping someone digs into how much he spends on his orange glow and fake hair.
Not surprising since the guy knows nothing about the Constitution, how a government is run, or the average American. #keeponhim
you and your damn D.C. Dems have made me ashamed to be a dem that's why I voted for Trump tired of you all keeping us down
.@timkaine The 10% tax was there as deterrent and to make tanning salons future skin cancer patients pay their share of treatment cost 
So the orange one doesn't have to pay taxes to continue looking orange while the rest of us lose coverage? 

DID YOU VOTERS NOT KNOW TANNING IS A CURE FOR ______ FILL IT IN. hey, it just occurred to me,I am subsidizing tanning??
Imagine that.

It might be more apropos to call it #Republicare.  Let's place the blame for this travesty on all those who crafted it.
@davidrlee which contributes to ... skin cancer
@InSpiteOfTrump "It's going to be special.I think you're going to like what you hear," Trump told the insurance executives on 2/24
we shouldn't call it that when Trump does NOT care. all he wants to do is #Dumpcare with his Unaffordable Care Act
Please stop this...Ryan fond of the words Obamacare is collapsing. This new plan will have our whole well being collapsing
Did I really just read this right? Really?! *face palm* That's all I've got.
Trump doesn't understand healthcare bc it is too complex. #RemoveTrump #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
 tanning taxes
What a shame you report #fakenews.  You are unable to represent Americans and really need to #StepDownKaine
Who do you suppose wants the Orange-tan tax cut, hmmm?
Guess we know his healthcare priorities
that must be a joke, right?
Hmm. Dermatologist approved?
Dude's gotta stay orange. Come on, man.
you are a cherry picking liberal
TELL EM TIM
what about the free annual mammos, colonoscopy, prostate, wellness exams
Imagine the funeral home - she might be dead but look at the tan she has, never looked better
bwahahaha
Yeah, I keep reading "sun tanning" in the docs & I think I'm seeing things. What's that about?
Well, as long as they made Snooki happier.
but it's good to know that the Dem political inbreeding goes on with your family clogging things up in the state or the Potomac!
Would you please go to work on a plan that  doesn't ration healthcare.  ACA clearly does.  Stop tweeting and go to work..
LOL I NEEDED THIS!

I'm WEAK 
to clean it up pass a bill all government employees go on same health care that Americans must go on.  Remove Golden plan!
Timmy, you lie so bad! Remember vdot layoffs at Christmas? We do, how about Appomattox? Oh yeah failed Obamacare! All you Timmy!
lol!!!
follow the money....always follow the money
#Republicare
no way!
How often did you lose doctors or plans under Obamacare? None! You were exempt.
Not intersting or even funny. You all need to fight harder for those of us out here working or slaving for the rich.
ROTFLOL!  Cuts the tanning tax?  Seriously?
look ata ACÁ in 2019 ...does not include hospitalization !!! It sunsetted at the Federal Level. What type of plan is? #NoSolutions
@Thom_Hartmann wasn't the cost for the ACA going up every year?? Did I miss that?
not trying to stick up for trump, but 10% tax on tanning is ridiculous and makes my job 85 times harder to sell products so  bye
Wait, what?  There's a Tanning Tax????  Whoa..... 
Guess they want more skin cancer @timkaine
Isn't one of Trump's buddies a tanning salon mogul? Wonder if that had anything to do with it.
we lose Boehner but get Trump. Did bill cut spray tan tax too?
@Thom_Hartmann oh, Tim...
Orange man's gotta stay Orange.
another excellent debate Q
LOL! What's next? A tax cut for rich NYC real estate moguls? Oh wait..

W H A T  ! ! !  OUR ENTIRE GOVERNMENT IS APPEARING TO BE CORRUPTED WHEN TOLERATING THIS CRAP...

Researchers estimate indoor tanning causes 400,000 cases of skin cancer in the US per year. https://www.aad.org/media/stats/prevention-and-care …
 So the Trump Campaign that apparently has never heard of "Carter Page" sent him to Moscow.
specifically orange tans.
oh, you,  you are so silly ...... tanning tax. You know that orange garbage fire has spay tan.
so damn sad
Explain how it drives up costs? You have no idea dude. Just talking points that mean nothing
Heh, @realDonaldTrump has no personal interest there....
I hate government telling us when we can do everything.
H.R. 676 is what you should support...Medicare for all single payer.  Only way to control drug and healthcare costs
~ Thank you. Sharing that information now.
I think we should call it #Trumpscare
orange spray tanner is a real health concern. 
that's because Trump wants everybody to be orange like him
Dude, there is no Trumpcare. There is only #Obamacare, which effed up everything, which you voted for.
the bottom line is until DOCTORS can make decisions and NOT insurance companies - health care is destined to fail to meet needs
FINALLY, someone else who gets it!
@HillaryClinton Thank you for continuing to fight for us. Your advocacy for minorities and middle class are appreciated, deeply.
the #RussianCare #RussianCare  3 face the hace face one -remove Obamacare 2 TBA. 3 face to complicated .We don't care. Rich got$$.
thanks for shedding light on the dangers of #Trumpcare, TK.
How else is #45TheIdiot going to stay orange! It's not easy looking like you rolled in Cheetos! #OrangeTwitler must go!!
Good thing. Because you need that cut for the costs you will have to pay for Adkin Cancer.
So members of congress wanna be Orange????  And have Skin Cancer?
jaundice
@realDonaldTrump means he can get an actual tan now without having to use that orange stuff he was forced to use.
dear god. Well, I know we can fight this. Just hope the investigations end up answering questions about 45 ties Russia/Iran $$
Orange Nation
does #Trumpcare include  #PlasticSurgery rider? He promised beautiful insurance.
Tim...how about a slick, online tool that lets folks select facts about selves, then shows how current GOP bill would hurt them?
this sounds like a good idea. Though I'm sure the unagreeable outcomes would be "fake"
Death pools
... only if it's a spray tan, Senator.
what is the tanning tax?? If there is really a reduced cost for "skin cancer causing tanning booths" then I surrender.

no it's called #GOPCare
Or #failuretocare
or #Republicare
Tim, where was this humor during the campaign?
I am available for joke punch up.
That literally just made my day.  Why can't you be president?
Well,, Senator that orange tinge doesn't come naturally.
as if he and Boehner can't afford it
how about the gop shows no interest in doing that

#TrumpDoesntCare
Yah -- no sense is keeping a racist tax in place.
