48 million pounds from ppl screaming the loudest #happyearthday,really?
We're not all like that 
Hard to believe...this photo speaks volumes.
All people can not be defined simply by where they live. We are all unique individuals with our own lives & choices
I disagree/critical thinking skills went the way of the dinosaur in our schools..
So be the change you want to see in the world. Inspire others & teach them the right way to live 

#earthday2017
I do, i think-organic, repurpose, recycle, refurbish. But that's my passion-can't expect others to do the same.
Most people desire to do good, they just don't know how and don't believe they matter enough to tip the scales. Every small bit helps
.If Hillary had been elected I suppose that you could have put Woody in charge of that
Keep the faith, less time on this presidency, hope should be the last desire to be lost
everywhere I go in America I see clean air and clean water except places where democrats have been in charge for a few years.
I couldn't agree more! Please don't give up on this goal. Virginia is behind the curve with no RPS or EERS
Guess that's why all those liberals marching left a big pile of trash everywhere they went... doing more damage to the earth than they fix
#StopPresidentBannon
Cc: @realDonaldTrump
That presupposes one actually believes in data, facts, and observable external reality.
Do you understand how Congress works?
Congress works?
Not since 2011.
If you want to save our planet, make sure Dems don't follow in the footpath of 1972 thru 1988 politics when they supported fringe issues.
How about setting up factories in dying mining towns 3 produce parts 4 alt energy? Retrain the miners!
America shouldn't lead anything
I'm just checking in to say I live in Va and do not support money being allocated for The Wall.
@maddow Only way to show the world who we really are is to arrest and successfully prosecute anyone who has committed treason against us!!
we should harness your BS the methane alone will power the planet
Unfortunately America is lead by an idiot.
Yes we should. Trump Ryan & Pence r using that money 2 line their pockets & pay to cover up all their lies. Less than 100 days, ruining USA
Wind and solar are no cleaner. They are more expensive and fossil fuels are used to manufacture equipment.
It should! But in the meantime dementia wants to build a wall to separate eco-systems like the Arizona-Sonora desert @SenJohnMcCain
Save the baby humans.
@maddow  GOP corruption is at all time high. I fear if we do not act soon, we may lose our way of life, future for our kids, this is not us
@maddow If we can get rid of the GOP, we might be able to accomplish something.
Should.
Hey clueless! We already are and have been for the last decade...!
Thats why there was so much lead in flint's water when Obamas EPA was in charge
Not happening, sadly with the lunatic in chief #TheResistance
Not with Trump in charge. Unless he and his goons are making a profit they will continue to destroy our planet.
Yeah, and thanks for nothing! Regards, Bernie Sanders.
@melodyyoko @thidasoundinfo No More Than,Mean Both Mean.
I don't see any earthday California
I sure hope it will!
So why support fracking? Offshore oil drilling? #EarthDay
Let's get our local and state governments fixed, before we worry about the world.
Unfortunately, we're being run by an ignorant self serving con man& can't lead the world on anything.Soon,other countries will need 2help US
Go back to the Madhouse boy!
Start By Getting Rid of . TRUMPF'S.. E.D.A. ENVIRONMENTAL DESTRUCTION AGENCY.....
AMERICA IS SO FAR BEHIND WE'LL NEVER CATCH UP #DISGUSTED #DumpTrump #NoDAPL #WaterIsLife #SaveOurPlanet #NativeRights #NoKeystoneXL
Trumpsters & trolls think they are smarter than our scientists 
Glad that "clean" energy plants r thriving & many companies r refusing 2 go back 2 old technology-The next Dem Pres will reverse DT actions
Yes, we should but it won't happen as long as Trump is in office. Please do all you can to get him out.
the EPA at the Gold King Mine was a great saving operation
Thank you for your leadership on this vital global issue #EarthDay @NNPA_BlackPress @BlackPressUSA Environmental justice for all!
Not with trump today britain went coal free.
America should be leading the world on all fronts. Not happening under Trump.
No one buys that global warming bs, your donors need another scam
