Tim, you are weak and irrelevant. Retire already and quit using your last ounces of energy to cry and whine.
how is this crying and whining?
Not that it matters but, I was referring to his message in general. Thanks for your support.
ah, generalizing.  Always makes for a generalized convo. Thanks for your honesty
My pleasure. It would be a little ridiculous to comment on every single tweet to let him know he's a whiner wouldn't it?
At least every single tweet of his, let's us know what he thinks. He takes the time to let us know. No blanket BS
The point is, what he thinks is irrelevant. He's washed up. Time to move on and go fishing.
How long till the Republicans in congress can be voted out? Let the countdown begin
and his privacy oh right it will be protected
Now his privacy s/b taken away especially his (& swampcabinets) secret conversations with russia, everything taking place @ maralago, etc
When are u going to do more than just talk?  #Resist #ImpeachTrump
well we all can do something... he is, what are you?
Donating money and time.  Marching.  Writing letters and calling.  What are you doing?  #Resist #ImpeachTrump
FAKE NEWS. FAKE FAKE FAKE. Stop playing politics and do what THE PEOPLE want U to do.
Clinton, minion.. right to privacy????  while Susan Rice is spying on whoever she wants! Get real
And federal judges said her request was totally legal. Go drink some more orange koolaid
Accept she lied about every doing it.. your roots need dying asap 
Whomever is giving the stupid perched lips meds theirs done as do you so there ya go. Mine are perfect ty
Did @realDonaldTrump take #Broadbandprivacy away, allowing info 2 be sold, or has it always been for sale and he killed a move 2 stop sales?
Obama signed away the internet lol
Lol the broadband privacy act wasn't even in effect yet.Lmao.trump stopped it before it started.This has 0 to do with our right to privacy
Ummm we do. The broadband privacy act wasn't even in effect yet. And the act only forces companies to do something they already are doing
And he is concerned about the whitehouse "leakers"???  What???  So punish the rest of America...if he can't have secrets, nobody can!
Where was your outrage when Obama gave away the rights to the World Wide Web?
The same place they put the outrage when @HillaryClinton was selling nuclear material to the Russians!
DONT WORRY SOMEONE WILL BUY HIS INFORMATION AND POST IT WILL BE FUN
If that's not the pot calling the kettle black.
This is reason number 349 that I wake up fearful of the future. I never thought I would ever be scared to be an American....
THIS WILL BE LITIGATED. IT'S UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
No he didn't. Quit lying. Service providers already had access to our privacy or haven't you heard of Google?
quite lying there is no privacy anymore! ask Rice and your idol obama ! You demoncrates just can't quite lying.
Tim, Democrats are killing us. What can Americans do to strengthen the party?
Why?
What's next... I'm scared to even ask. Smh #notmypresident
Are you really that stupid? Obama gave away the internet!
Then why would he care if he was under surveylence?!
Gets the facts straight you fraud- or are you like Susan rice, just one lie after another....
Welcome to Commie USA. Democracy is dead.
not even close to being true.
There is no broadband Privacy, Senator Kaine!  The Obama Admin proved the NSA and Federal gov;t can spy on anyone it wants without a warrant
@HillaryClinton @BernieSanders @BarackObama @billclinton  @timkaine It is time to Impeach 45 ASAP fight for us I stand with you! #Revolution
Trust me when the lefties have a reason they will. Till then keep crying
WISH: Form a Secret Ninja Society to take 45 down ASAP Dems will rise Revolution here we come its time to fight and stop the madness!!! ASAP
Anything for a buck. Business trumps all, right?
does this mean someone can buy GOP reps and senators private info?  I'll pitch in.
Susan Rice will spy for free!
This is UN American. Taking away such privacy rights is acts of fascism! Why r more people not upset about this? 
Well his too. May the IPS hacks hunt his internet sole.
GOP selling America out to Russia and other hi bidder countries ,we need to throw them in jail
Hahahahahaha
Please, Senator @timkaine ... Can you somehow persuade your republican colleagues to stop this madness???
As MSNBC pointed out, the controversial bills are signed without all the cameras and fanfare
Campaign contributions might have contributed to the thought process. JMO @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTeam @AltStateDpt
first step before the brown shirts start showing up.
Based on Hillary & DNC..privacy is deception in the liberals case
I guess you'll have to pay for your porn now.
That's a fact jack, & I'm not happy about it. So now maybe a hacker can get his taxes. Must be something really good in there! Can't wait.
I hope you are going to filibuster Gorsuch.
Does that mean we can invade his privacy too?
Another liberal dishonest statement. Your so morally incapable of telling the truth. Democrats will continue to lose elections.
So something about his constant praise and protection of russia
And it's a path to identity fraud!
Seriously ashamed to be living in the US now. We're better than this, or we were. Stop tweeting the latest bad news and start impeachment.
If Dems don't cripple this dictatorship SOON, and we actually have fair elections ever again, we'll vote against everyone in Congress.
So I guess Obama's NSA taking our information was ok, but now that a new admin is in place, it's a disservice to our rights! Dipstick!
Are we all just waiting to be gassed like Syrians? Nuked by North Korea? Murdered like Russia? What are we waiting for? No action = support
Every day is worse than the last. When are you, @MarkWarner, @RepDonBeyer @SenSchumer @SenatorCardin and others going to STOP the madness??!
Thank you for your tireless support against that
I wish someone would sell his Twitter account  @realDonaldTrump Please take it away and sell it! 
Awful
But the idiot just signed his own privacy rights away as well, now a real @Russiagate on it's way
Get him out of office! The damage he is causing, not only in the US, but on the world stage, will soon be irreparable. #SaveTheUS
Impeach trump he committed treason
Not only did he sign but  don't forget those Sen who voted it onto his desk. We all must remember to send them big shout outs at elections.
But his taxes are private 
seriously! The continual hypocrisy is maddening

All the while the CIA, FBI, NSA et.al. are monitoring our every move.
This moron was the DemocRat VP nominee.....
IMPEACHMENT.........PLEASE!!!
GOP cry about govt collateral capture of US calls but turn over personal info on every American 2 co. who could be criminals/foreign gov't!
Deplorable!
So tired of Rep's towing the line for Trump. Ethics should be number 1 priority for next elections

If anyone has his addresses, publish them now so he gets what he just signed for
He's awful. How much longer are we going to allow his betrayals?
Why was this bill not filibustered? The @SenateDems are complicit in this violation of our privacy rights! 
#DemExit
Was it done through EO?
No, it was a bill passed by the House and Senate.
Down ballot elections are more important this time around to hold POTUS accountable
#YesWeKen!
Ethics should be number 1 priority for next elections
It was always possible to buy our internet history. Don't talk shit if you're not gonna tell the whole story.
Senator, please don't call him President. It gives me indigestion.
they already sell that info. But of course you already knew that. Didn't you Curly????
Don't you realize that these terrorists are trying to kill us
The second world war was won because we had smart people able to break the German and Japanese codes
#resist #impeachTrumpnow
@realDonaldTrump Worst President in history of U.S.
Get over your self stop the indoctrination
That's a colossal understatement.
Admit it. Didn't even read it, did you?
Making corporate America great again.
It was mentioned last week that this can't be undone by any future exec orders unfortunately.
He will always side with business.  Did he even think that his data might be sold and released? Doubt he is a complex thinker
But there's nothing to be done. We all just watch him ruin our country
Terrible.
Please stop him ...we need action!
Just like Obama's surveillance and illegal leaks as well as Hillary's cheating in the debates were disservices to the American people.
Hope all dems are adding the growing list of things the Rs got wrong that they can run on!
How else are they going to win elections?
how do you gain the attention of your Republican colleagues? Government doesn't represent the people.
Why can't anything be done about this? #trump gave away our #internet #privacy, but his #IncomeTaxes are still top secret?
Ops, google and facebook has been selling it for years
Amazingly shameful
Can we buy Trump's browsing history and the rest of the GOP? I think it's only fair.
I want to see Trump's browser history
He's an ass!
