[1/3] You have to be a fool to think increasing minimum wage won't affect the cost of living and you will all be able to get ahead...
Not good enough. Wages should be over $20/hr NOW. Dems keep killing us softly. This won't help enough. We're tired of milqetoast policies.
Small biz in VA & smaller cities can't afford to pay more. They will hire fewer workers, @HillaryClinton had a good plan & considered that.
How brave of you 
[2/3]Companies won't compensate for the difference out of THEIR paycheck,they'll just increase prices & then you'll be back where u started
This will destroy small businesses but you don't care b/c it plays well with the media.
2024! Why are you proud of this? It's a slap in the face to ppl who are suffering *now*.
The fuck is the point? $15 is behind what productivity dictates RIGHT NOW, and y'all are still saying "just wait, guys, it'll be awesome"
Increased economic problems Everywhere there is $15 minimum wage!!
You were a big help as the VP pick, I'm sure you'll do even better supporting progressive values.
[3/3]and those who already made a bit more will take a big hit because they didn't get a raise to compensate for the minimum wage increase!

oh boy now i can afford to keep every light in the house on 24/7 and my tv too. for a second i thought that carbon tax had me beat!
Why?
maybe next i can afford cigarettes again too
u must be kidding right
@timkaine U MUST B SO PROUD OF UR SON! FOLLOWING IN D VIOLENT FOOTSTEPS OF D DEMOCRATS!  DOES WEARING BLCK MASK N GOV BLDG RUN IN D FAM?
How much do you think college will cost by then?
dude that's 7 years, you're impressing no one 
But $15/hr will be poverty wages by 2024.
Cost on living is already well above
When does McDonalds switch to automated systems?  They're already preparing for this.  Another attempt at government welfare growth.
And Cut Congressional pay to household median of $55,000 to pay for it!
Why not both?
Thank you. One way to lift people out of poverty is to stop paying working men and women an impoverished wage.
How do you expect employers to cover that cost?
How about have a growth rate of 3 to 4%
To fix the economy there are many things that must be changed.  Regarding this aspect the solution is to eliminate the federal minimum wage.
#RaiseTheWage to $15,000 a minute. Then everyone can retire rich by lunchtime! We can legislate wealth; we can wish it into being!
If your employer won't pay what you think you're worth, why don't you just quit & find an employer who will? Govt isn't your salary agent.
The only reason he's saying it is because inflation is expected to rise massively in the next few years - we see you you  corporate parasite
@GetBZLiving good thinking but needs to be done sooner look at rent food cars used car prices taxes then consider sooner
Although this is good, by 2024 it still won't cut it for most people
Democrats just don't understand economics , you mean to tell me you want a  flipper to get paid the same as some law enforcement officers
Then who will work these "low paying jobs"? We'll still need people to reshelve stock, cook your food, deliver food, and clean up businesses
So those people who do that kind of work deserve to be impoverished? 

Also, having any kind of trade/skill does not guarantee a job.
SOS! SOS! SOS!  .... Человечество, "беременно"  самоуничтожением"
You@morons who want minimum wage increased have you ever thought about what items would cost as a shopper or patron. Typical liberal maroons
Американские выборы по - иносценарию...
2024 is to far in the future. People need a $15 min. wage now.
Australia gets almost 18 right now. That ain't no living wage kid. No, no, no! you will not be president.
By 2024 that would be like a ten cent raise today. How about a $2. raise by 2018.
you are one creepy dude
You are so compassionate with other people's $$$.
2024???
This idea will kill small businesses, & companies will replace workers with automaited systems.
How about passing it in 2018???
How much will that $15 be worth in 7 years?
By 2024???
By 2024! That's nuts.  Minimum wage should be $20., now.
Great. And you complain about big corporations controlling everything.
Bravo
2024???? What about now???? Workers are barely making it now!! We need actiin ASAP 9n this issue!!!
by 2024 it will need to be at least $20 per hour.
Sorry but that is too long to wait!
Yes, if the GOP wants to strip away supports via their budget, the least they can do is support a living wage
Pass it!!!
Thank you for fighting for us! 
Who is going to pay for that?  What will happen to small business?
Trickledown economics
Kaine doesnt believe in that. And the $15 guys will have no one lower to trickle to.
My apologies 140 characters makes it difficult to answer and communication someti.es not translated the way it is meant snark for instance
