How about investigating you old running mate and her ties. Stop spreading lies & get to work!
specifically what lies?
Lies about muslim ban and all this bs about russia
I wonder if Hillary emails had been addressed to Russians, would you be dismissing it as bs?
Oh hillary is a whole other set of lies. She did enough w/the russians by giving them our uranium.
uranium to the russians..I suppose you got that from the Master of Fake News himself
before you argue do your research that did happen
she did not vote on it, nor consulted about it. Transaction was ok'd by State. Purchaser was Uranium One, canadian
what did trump know & when did he know it & why did Flynn continue to sit in on briefings after DOJ warning? #ImpeachTrump
Call @jasoninthehouse ball is in his court... 1 (202) 225-7751
Please make this happen!  We need to save this country from his Fascism and policies. #ImpeachTrump
I don't recognize our country
It's a Kaine Mutiny!
We need it very soon .,When is the GOP going to do there job
Call @jasoninthehouse ball is in his court.... 1 (202) 225-7751
Al ready called .I also not paid to call anyone
Wonderful, and I don't know what "I also not paid to call anyone" means, but Wonderful
Think she left out "was" from "was not paid."  Jason thinks anyone opposing him 1/
Yeah I get it now
and you need to be voted out of office at the end of your term.
#GOP reluctance to hold bipartisan commission is so off the mark. Hammered Hilary for nothing.
Just drop it douchehat...the campaign is over. Don't need to be Clinton's bitch any more. Grow a pair and tell the truth
I was NEVER going to vote HRC...when u can predict who the DNC candidate will be before she announces it's clear theres corruption
let's try doing your job and less grand standing.  You are not even a has been, you quickly became a never was.
Absolutely. Tell me what i can do to help make that happen!
Amen!  Where do I sign to help get it started!
your reputation is shot, just go away quietly little troll. You will not be re elected
We're behind you, get Donald's TAXE$ released, thank you for your service & son
Lead this fight..join with McCain and Graham.  The answers are in the taxes
We need this investigation, where is GOP leadership in creating a select committee to start? Please don't let them ignore this..
@JBJabber To protect our country we need to support our president!!
We in Springfield agree BUT we want a more comprehensive investigation that covers ALL parties foreign contacts and $contributors.
We need a special prosecutor, NOW!
shame it not going to happen just like no DAPL!
I think it would be another 911 Commision Report type committee. All organized by the people that let it happen.
We need Liberals to be American and pull us as America together.
And it should start ..........
@Boadicea12 YES! You MUST make that happen! Thank you.
@mvangompel  A loser like you would never accept the will of the people on the election results. We the people ..
and donations to dem campaigns from Saudi and China.
Where is your name?
Absolutely
protect our country send all dumbass Democrats to their KKK fire and see if they can walk hot coals. Maybe fire the blood up brain
please get it started!!!
@SenJohnMcCain Yes, we do need an immediate investigation!  This is deeper than we realize at the moment.
@thepoliticalcat Yes and Nothing less. We must insist and hold out for this! " JAIL him!. JAIL trump, JAIL him" doesn't feel good
congratulations Senator. finally a voice of reason.
Our Nat'l Security is at stake! Other matters (Obamacare, Walls) will be MOOT if we get overrun by the Russians!!! Dumbass GOP!!
THANK YOU for ANYTHING you can do to see that this Investigation proceeds appropriately is VERY APPRECIATED!!!  Our...
To protect our country we need to lock up people who support anarchy like you.
senstor they will never let it happen. ..we're out numbered. .. please lets try for tom prices seat in georgia we have to try
100% agree!!
@jasonabbate To protect our country, we need a transparent investigation into the leaks of our Nation's Top Classified info. OFA?
@Destinycam : What difference does it make now Tim? Lol
@BrandoStarkey Btw Russian military aircraft buzzed a U.S. Military aircraft carrier today in very inappropriate actions.
@JacobCoplenas how can any American Pro Trump or not be ok with the shady actions involving the unlawful communications w/Russia?
Fake news and the Democrats corruption. Just wait, Trumps going to end Bs in DC
Wtf is fake news? Trump is the BS jn DC & he is going to enrich himself & his family while he is President. Wait4it
@Syndeess yes!
Absolutely! Just heard him on news blaming this on Dems & Hillary. He needs to be investigated as he has jeopardized our country!
Who has experience in gov, top sec clearance, and lots of investigative experience? @HillaryClinton for independant council
and tax returns
@LA_Detroit yes!!!! Because it's going to expose the ILLEGAL leaks from the Dems& we can put them in jail- #BringIt
Still blaming the Dems? Nope. This is all on the treasonous Trump admin and the GOP.
see that "SME"in my bio- it means something. Catch a clue.
you're really triggered, aren't you? Mission accomplished 
hardly. Getting spun up by a low info voter- no- I'm amused right now.
I'm very amused myself. I love the projecting.
oh and here you are again
have open investigation with out GOP don't trust Pence
Would that nullify all of Trump's cabinet? How would all of this work?
Presidency goes? I assume that Trump would be impeached. Go to jail? Nullify the election? Hillary become President?
Trump wants to investigate WH leaks, Americans want a Bengazi type investigation into Russian ties. Lets go Dems!!
Your also going to need one on Standby for the next 4 years
@WiccanMethusela #StopPresidentBannon
PLEASE SAVE AMERICA FROM THE TRAITOR IN THE OVAL OFFICE
@Syndeess 
Newsflash, Wallstreet Democrats:  Identity Politics and Trump bashing won't save you.
make this happen.   Counting on democrats
Yes, we do. They can't investigate themselves without serious bias.
Dictator Trump is showing his untrustworthy nature. His pick for NSA was wrong to begin with.  Trump is involved Tax returns
WRONG! We need an IMPEACHMENT. At this stage Mickey, Minnie or Elmo would be a better option .
the GOP are so damn corrupted. Yet their followers could careless.
Why don't you and the rest of your sissy Democrats get lost. You are nothing but a bunch of whiners with no scruples.
, get it done!
You didn't call for a similar investigation after Obama told Medevev that he would have more flexibility after the 2012 election?
please get Americans behind this. RALLIES WORK.
You bet we do. Please make sure the Dems are strong on this.
Make it happen Tim!
and we need it immediately!  No one is at the helm!!
@jasoninthehouse @SenateMajLdr GOP do your job. Country first not party. Your inactions speak volumes to America.  Rise up
@vic77677 how do we get one?
Also more opposition to GOP generally is what I expect and demand from you
why not an independent, non-partisan investigation?
absolutley... answers please.
@SpeakerRyan u see how a GOP congress can investigate GOP WH; corruption is rampant;
What about Come pressing Hillary so hard..I want to be sure GOP doesn't try to keep a lid on ALL info collected from Americans.
Please see that a separate bipartisan committee, like 9/11, be created to investigate Flynn and others about Russia.
Just go do your job and stop talking to Hillary. She lost and you just look like her mouthpiece in Washington.  @POTUS #Maga
@marina282828 : and a fast one.
@nytimes Yes, but first remove Trump from office immediately. An interim administration is needed until a new election is held.
YES!!!!!
Thank you, Senator.
we need all of the Dems in Congress to stand up and demand an investigation and refuse to conduct any business until that happens
Many many people agree very very bigly
Really? You didn't want to investigate Hillary's email server or the Pay for Play Clinton Foundation. Politics, nothing but.
Democrats must demand hearings. Republicans already trying to gloss over it. Their hypocrisy is mind-boggling!
So what are our elected officials doing to ensure this is done?  Our country is crumbing and nothing is being done!
you got that right!!!
Good luck with that
How do we make this happen?!? The Republicans shld not be able to decide on their own! We  DESERVE THE TRUTH! #investigatetrump
When do we see any Republican Profiles in Courage? Collusion with Russia makes HRC's server look pretty tame. Help us!
we need to impeach this criminal and traitor.
Yes, "to protect our country." Spot on, Senator Kaine.
@realchuckbowers to protect our country, we needed an independent, bipartisan & transparent investigations the last 60yrs in DC!!
you certainly do. The rest of the world is watching with their jaws dropped. Why has there been so little official action?
Keep drinking the "Democrat Kool Aid!
Thank you Senator!
I have been saying this all along! Trump, Pence ,Cabinet, Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell needs to be Impeached! Hillary/Kaine
Lord, yes.
@DoctorMcCoy2017 thank god! Somebody is being coherent at the @GOP #RepublicanAdministrationit's like aliens  took'em#resist
we need to revert to pre inauguration laws - the ones passed by Trump are not by any mandate
yes we do. It's long overdue!
WHERE are we going to get this from, Sen Kaine? As a Democrat I am frustrated with our lack of leadership and, frankly, balls.
What are the odds we get it?
for the sake of our country, thank you Senator
didn't russian hacking occur during obama administration? isn't that incompetence? let's look into that first
@KristinAndrene yet you ran as VP with someone under FBI investigation, many think should be indicted for national security crimes
@feistybunnygirl thank you for speaking out!
Are you that joker looking "aider and abbetter" that ran with the crook HRC? A little Pot calling the kettle black there, fella?
@slack2thefuture how and who instigates the investigation?
keep pushing for it!
@CrimsonResists then do it. What does it take?
Apparently it takes secret sources leaking the obvious to newspapers to expose this mess.
it's staring us right in the face. Unbelievable!
we need to change and reach out please explore the Price replacement.
start with tax returns maybe?
Please step up n help America
why isn't there a push for replacing price ? Send in resources to help this happening?Why isn't this happening. Trump win by 1.5 %
Stop. Just stop. Support the Prez.
@NUPEsupreme Exact right.  People will demand it even if congress is spineless
Yea Sen. Kaine.  Like the one you OPPOSED we should have had on Hillary's hidden computers and crooked Foundation!!
and we need you and @HillaryClinton in the #WhiteHouse. Fight for it. #Pence has ties to #Russia too. Popular vote
Could we ask the United Nations to investigate Trump's ties to Russia if the Republican Party refuses?
Yes! Yes! Yes! Anything less will not be acceptable. Our democracy is at stake. Country over party. Ind special counsel too!
I agree
Yes!  You are correct, Senator Kaine.
and @MarkWarner, I've been calling and asking for this since November. Hope you're both putting the pressure on your colleagues.
why are the Republicans so against a thorough investigation?
yes to investigate those crooks who sold uranium to Russia too.
We needed the investigation when o started to give away our country to illegals. You helped.  Hope to vote you out.
#ImpeachTrump
who is running for tom price seat in Ga. We need to start winning!
You and your DEMcrat friends need to accept that he is POTUS and leave him alone!  He's already done more than Obama in 8 years!
we need this administration scraped and a do over 
you are the rightful VP
Dear @timkaine,
Yes, we're keenly aware.
But how do we get this implemented?!?!?!?
HELP!
And someone other than who was  involved in Trump's campaign, so it doesn't become more of a cover-up!
YOU ARE RIGHT! So carry on!!
@sandi_back I have a feeling if there isn't one, there will be massive protests. THERE MUST BE AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION.
Absolutely!!   This is our Democracy at stake.
Investigate @SenJohnMcCain for his ties to ISIS if you dare. Mr. Kaine.
please run for president in 4 years, thanks
Yes! Why is it taking so long? 
@RealJim the ghost of Watergate all over again
@Brooke888888 we need a Grand Jury, a Special Prosecutor and a NEW ELECTION.
#SheWOn - don't need a new election. #DisqualifyDon the cheater. in sports you don't get do overs
@JeremiahBrent Investigation into Trump-Russia connection imperative to national security!
absolutely
wow, where were you when Obama was using the IRS to attack Republicans? You want me to vote for you as governor of va?
lol, senator**
Yes! Enough lies. Enough tolerating what appears to be criminal behavior from these people.
nonsense vs. senseless
#RESIST! overtime in over drive
Now. Investigate now. Don't get sidetracked, again. Right now.
Dems need to get off their butt and scream this from the roof tops on every cable network!!! Get your faces on every hour!
Do not let the administration off the hook. We, the people demand the truth, we demand accountability! Punish the culpable!!
@DemResistance Tim you have been strong your questions to DeVos were amazing and showed me you have fight. Keep pushing!!!
well let's get the ball rolling.  What are you waiting for?  Enough talk - take action!!!  Now!!!
Thank you.  This is the beginning of a larger story, please keep pressing.
Yes Yes YesYes!
WE NEED HIS DAMN TAXES !!!!!! start there..follow the money
And what can we do if your GOP counterparts don't agree?
#lockhimup
Thank you - this exactly. Keep pushing please
From your lips to God's ears. GOP will not do anything but support #LyingTrump & his cronies. #ImpeachTrump
@MarkWarnerVA @RepDonBeyer  do it. Dooooooo iiiiit. DOOOOOOO EEEEEEET. now! Or America dies on your watch!!! #investigatetrump
@Luv_shenanigans Yes sir!  Please make that happen!
you bet investigate Russiagate
should have done that 5 months ago instead of shredding Hilary and her emails
Tim, we need to investigate the Russian connections. And what about the TAX RETURNS.
Loser! You just can't let go! You followed Obama around like a puppy dog!
can we get Canada to do it....
Thank you 4 the hardworks you have nonstop everyday...
please! How can we make this happen ?
Impeach him!
Are there any actual steps being taken to do so?!?
I agree!  Keep fighting and keep focused-we need to shine sunlight on the WH darkness. RESIST-got your back.
And who's going to reinforce it?
Let's have one into your infatuation with murderers.
