Well. Actually Trump would just betray what Obama betrayed when he chose to unlawfully place DACA.
Senator Kaine, you should be Vice President. Darn it.
Thank God the Christian Abortion Senator lost and a person who loves all life won.  The senator should focus on Americans and stop the ACA.
45 only loves his life. Doesn't care about anyone else except who he wants to have sex with.
Nope 45 inherited money. Believe what fantasy you want but he's a terrible man and a terrible president.
I'll keep waiting for the list of crimes while you keep supporting the grifter and his family as they destroy America.
Obama is the one who lied to them,,,they have a Country called Mexico,,let them go home and make Mexico great again
Thank God you aren't our Vice President right now. You only care about these people for their exploitation benefit as potential voters.
Kaine you prove yourself the opposite of Able all the time. #DACA is not a LAW OR EO it was only a guideline which involved illegals
It puts millions of underage and young adults in limbo, they can go to school but not get a job legally. It's a mistake then and now
But you don't care about innocent children/young adults, you care about votes and that makes you a slave owner.
Because as long as illegals are beholden to your party you can chose how they illegally vote
Americans thought they could trust you to work for them. Put your people first or get out of government and off of our collective backs.
"Came out of the shadows" ? Really like adding the dramatic don't you? How about the signs of upholding American values, language, history?
The reality is Trump already betrayed them long ago. This will be but another devastating blow to our ideology as Americans.
Maybe to your twisted liberal idealogy of what America is , if I rob a bank , can I keep the money ? I'm just trying to make a better life
Using your metaphor, your logic would imply that your kids should go to jail too because they were in the car while you robbed the bank?
No they should be sent home with their parents, simple , we have enough of our own problems to fix , we don't need more
That's the issue, aside from rhetoric, nearly universally, economic impact studies show DACA recipients are helping our country not hurting.
Obama had no business breaking the law and ruling with his pen. @realDonaldTrump inherited this mess, including the Democratic corruption!!!
True
You cant only look at what the dreamers bring economically, you have to also look @ what their illegal families take away economically.
They were never in shadows, they have marched, carried signs, and waved the Mexican flag. Now time to go home and help Mexico
They broke the law send them home
Officially the Senate Jester and Fool

Screw DACA...let them come LEAGALLY - if their parent illegals brought them here, sorry - don't split up families, send them ALL back
Deport the Trump family to Siberia.
Preferably in a gulag.
As a constituent, I trusted u 2 look after my interests, not non-citizens. Lower taxes & healthcare exp. Work on jobs. Do u read replays?
Dreamers, undocumented pay taxes, contribute to our economy & country. They can't get govt benefits til 5 yrs after citizenship.
As for healthcare, ACA premiums soaring As direct result of trump instability, sabotage. Had free market before ACA, which was unaffordable.
Trump's tax plan, a one-page wish list, benefits only the mega-millionaires, billionaires, big biz. It's up to Congess, NOT senate to draft!
@timkaineis a SENATOR, so In case you were napping during Schoolhouse Rock, here is how it works to get tax plan...
You may also recall the House and Senate are on break until Tuesday, so thank you @timkaine for taking YOUR vacation time to address this!
Or you can recognize truth. POTUS would betray the U.S. Constitution if he allows to continue. You know, what you were elected to uphold??!
They came out of the shadows when given a false promise by a president, one which he had no legal authority to give.
Your son is a member of a terrorist group. Committed acts of violence against America. You are no moral authority.
Well you have been in Sen for years. Where is the legislation?
You can't Control your son. How can we listen to you in terms of greater public issues?   #antifa #TrumpsKidsareModelCitizens
Defending the law of the land is your job. That's the purpose for which you were elected. When can we expect you to start doing your job?
Why should these people be kicked out?
No, your party betrayed them with such weak solution. Trumps just doing what he has to do
Where are u getting these stats? He ran on a conservative Immigration platform and he won.
You know that DACA is illegal. Obama tried to change our immigration law thru executive order, but only Congress has that power.
You mean they trusted this guy?

Timmy just shut up already! When America's homeless, veterans, disabled, unemployed are taken care of then we can re-visit this

Demrat policies made Americans hold on for dear life, when the 'dream' became unseeable, yet you talk of aliens and the 'Dream'. Screw you.
What about the rule of law and its lesson what about the sick incentive DACA gives illegals with kids?
We (America) made a promise; people took bold steps based on that promise. To renege on that promise would be un-American.
Mr. Kaine, These #Dreamers are #ILLEGAL! If some have began process of obtaining citizenship...then let them stay. OTHERWISE #EndDACANow
They aren't eligible to apply for citizenship! That's the problem. They would love to be citizens. You don't seem to understand DACA at all.
I guess not. Valid visa works right? Over 800,000 have been reapplied for. I KNOW that. They can do as my brother in law...wait his turn. 
I'm sure most parents of ANTIFA members are pulling the smoke and mirrors like you are.
Americans came out of the shadows to demand that our constitution be honored. The only betrayal is Congressional failure to act on #DACA
Just wondering why Obama Reid & Pelosi didn't fix immigration when they had a super majority? Care to answer?
Stop with the race baiting! We all know you're dirty tricks &the truth is ur just mad cuz u & the kooky corrupt criminal lost! Get over it!
This is on you SF!!! If U had followed the laws as they were set Kate would stil B with her family! If you supported illegals you killed her
A Dreamer killed Dom, he's now in a URN in his mother's home. Dom was her only child! What would YOU say to her @timkaine?
#EndDACA
Americans are expendable for a vote right Tim?
HE came out of the shadow and shot her in the head! Bet you never heard of Kate Steinle! #EndDACA and send them all back to @VicenteFoxQue
Like US citizens have never done this. Get real
That's NOT the point here! Less Illegals = less crimes! Period.
Should I conclude that you agree with Americans getting killed by Illegals?
Illegals are less likely to commit crimes because they are afraid of deportation. Do your research.based on facts not emotions.
So it would be OK for you daughter/son to be killed by an Illegal! 
Do a better research....prisons all over U.S. are full of them!
Obama betrayed America giving them money & donating to Iran.The U.S. needs to dig out of the hole it's in, not put illegals before Americans
They're here illegally! What part of this don't you understand?!!!
ovomit was also here claiming to be a USA citizen IT IS NOW A PROVEN FACT he was no born in any part of the USA a fraud for president 8 yrs
Then again he has betrayed the American people with his lies, his blatant disregard for ethics, his sabotage of ACA. Need I say more?
Trump didn't sabotage the ACA. Remember Gruber saying the ACA was designed 2 fail? So soon we forget the facts from the last Administration.
Who cares? They knowingly BROKE THE LAW!

#byefeliciano
My father was an illegal in 1953.US govt. made him leave & come back legally.He did.Came back & became Citizen.Why can't they do the same?
Get rid of the immigrants who commit crimes and keep the one's who will be productive
makes sense you would support #DACA being its illegal since your son feels the same way about breaking the law! Father like son!
Dreamers betrayed the American taxpaying citizens NOT the other way around!  What would Mexico do to illegal immigrants?
SHUT UP!!!
You are my Senator and you are in violation of your oath you took. They are ILLEGALS they do not belong here they need to go back home
instead, you and your ilk betray Americans every day with your fraud and your treason!
Trump is evil and too selfish to care about anyone but himself.
Actually Penny, it’s YOU who are evil.
You look like you come out of shadows to sneak up on unsuspecting children
#MAGA
Even Obama said it was illegal: Obama's 'pen and phone' have been trumped when it comes to DACA
It was Obama who betrayed them with a scam...no different than selling someone counterfeit items or scam-selling a house that isn't owned.
I'd like to know if these adult "kids" voted in the last election. There are quite a lot of them????
Your damn DACA “dreamers” are YOUR nightmare creep; stop trying to make them ours.
They came in for all the free goodies paid for by taxpayers. Their illegal! I am not paying for any illegal's school. YOU WANT THEIR VOTES!
It is perfectly lawful.
And your tweets about the unlawfulness of the gazillion executive orders Trump has signed? Where might those be?
Agreed. You said that Obamas EO was unlawful. It was not unlawful. Furthermore the majority of the country does not want it undone.
Right. But in the case of DACA majority is in favor of it and didn't want it changed.
In the midst of a Russian political intervention investigation he brought a known Russian spy in the Oval Office! He already betrayed the US
He met with them long before the election, had Nazis in trump tower during campaign. His treason goes back decades.
Sometimes I can't believe POTUS has flagrant demonstrations of treason, and his supporters turn their heads away. What's going on?
Feeble minded were/are more gullible to propaganda by Russia,Breitbart, Fox & trump who bashed MSM to ensure they'd ONLY trust him, his news
Obama betrayed the American people by instituting this unconstitutional act. why don't you mention that part of it ?
Perfectly constitutional

If you truly care then do something about it and pass a bill. @realDonaldTrump is not undoing a law he is doing away with an executive order
@timkaine- Dems have a way to let them stay and you all know it You are showing the dreamers you don't really care about them If they have to leave then its on dems hands but Dems want to argue about it to make this a political point every election  if u really care, Pass a Bill!
Kaine, you lost.  Get over it!
#BotSpot
If you don't like our laws, why haven't you change them. Isn't that your job?
DACA did change it. And no, that's not senate's job til congress passes a bill. Immigrants know this.
DACA is not constitutional. That's the point. I'm a legal immigrant and I know that.
Us deported over 2 million "legal" citizens during the depression. Keep your papers handy. Mexicans have a two-lifetime wait. You should've.
@POTUS End #DACA My Son could not receive a Dollar from Federal Government At All. Yea he Got help #LOANS. And he has to pay it back.
You betray US children, defend their birthright.
Betray... you mean the way Obama betrayed our allies in Europe and Middle East? And the fallen families of our servicemen
Why havent these 20 plus year old people become citizens?
So? You've betrayed everyone who ever supported you in the beginning.  Now you've moved from weak Governor 2 bad Senator & now Hillary's #2
They had several years to become legal..and their parents too.
Senator, you certainly know a little something about betrayal, you've been betraying constituents for years.
Only time #Dreamers came out of the shadows was during the 2016 election. You can't betray someone who was your enemy from the start #DACA
Obama betrayed the American people with #DACA. America first dick, it's why you lost the working class.
Senator Kaine - BREAKING NEWS- DACA is unconstitutional. The US is dealing with this today because of you buddy Obamas unconstitutional acts
No such thing as a dreamer. Just those that don't want to do thing the right way
As a Senator didn't you take am oath to uphold the Constitution? YES you did!  NOW UPHOLD THE DAMN CONSTITUTION THAT YOU VOWED TO DO!CHEATER
They are ILLEGAL. Kind of like the assault your son is in jail for. Trade him for a dreamer.
Yeah, let's just bend the rule of law, allow for that precedent, I see absolutely no way that could potentially backfire.
#DACA w/SS# vote Dem! Leftist want dependent citizens who become enslaved by their entitlements & must vote to keep their masters in power
How is Obama illegally "creating" DACA a promise?
They were scammed by obama.  Unfortunately Trump will have to follow the law.

Maybe all those "Dreamers" shouldn't of listened to lying Obama. We all knew he lied, time 4 dreamers to wake-up.
@timkaine cares more about protecting illegals than he does about U.S. Citizens!  Tim Kaine and his #snowflake son are worthless!!!
Blame @BarackObama .He was the one who misled them by illegally using his executive to rewrite immigration law.  Why blame @realDonaldTrump
Legal applicants, who apply from within the borders of their country, must submit police reports to prove not criminals before arriving here
The dreamers are the American people. Those who work for the American dream. Congress offers a different dream. Not the American dream.
DACA was OBAMINAL EO,reunite dreamers with extended family wher they came from,had thir glimpse now let em go maga back in thir countries
And for some reason you keep coming out and saying stupid things. Just shut up!
Dreamers came out of their country into ours with hands out ready to receive from Obama. This is #MAGA.
Hey goofy, it was a failed worker program, it's over, now they leave. They are lucky, most don't get 6 months to pack.
If you had done your job, this would have been law and not a presidential decision by @BarackObama If you want DACA, pass a bill.
I told some illegals that u filthy leftists were just making a list of who they were, the fact that they trusted @thedemocRats is hilarious!
What is it about the word " Illegal " you do not understand. Go home and cry in your beer not on our shoulders.  John
