Ha ha!
lol VP has dad jokes. @BarackObama @POTUS44 has some competition in that department I see
Beats the alternative.
But consider the alternative.
@GregWillett
This is perfect.
Only every day...
Take note @jxxf of this next level Dad joke
Que bien! Porque..."the alternative  is not good" :-)
Why don't u spend time getting ur family in order as I read terrible things
Retire
@BeccaBrehm @itsmorganburris
Yeah.
And better 
You sure that's not fake news?


@ebryan129
Like a fine damn wine
Your son is part of a terrorist hate group called #antifa you need to condemn this group rather then enable it all acts violence is wrong
While speaking of your fathering skills, I'll leave this here:
Same here. I am getting older, too (Europe)
You're my #rolemodel @timkaine 

wow, miss u
honestly this was so pure it almost hurt to read
Waiting for the think piece on whether grammar or sentence structure matter in the age of Trump.
happens to me every single damn day....
We all are Senator Tim Kaine
Me too
Tim Kaine: Local Area Dad.
And bluegrass musicians age at double the rate. Just ask Skruggs...
Last I checked everyone is getting older.
Classic dad joke
Every. Day.
Actually, I think fatherhood ages one faster
Does anyone get younger ?
Me, too.
My father was that old.
I'm a mother and a grandmother and I'm getting older too.
Same.
well done, solid dad joke.
Tim you bring me so much joy
I forgot how cute your dad jokes were 
Can't believe you just turned this into a #dadjoke 
golly gee i can't help but love you, tim kaine
me too. confusing headline...
Every day, around 6.30AM, I am well reminded of this fact. 

FFS I JUST DROPPED MY ELDEST OFF AT COLLEGE WHY AM I TAKING THIS ONE TO DAYCARE
ultimate dad joke
Ahh, you old dad's are the best. Keep up your good work for Maryland, Virginia, and the USA!
It's when you STOP getting older.  That's when you've got a problem!
You are anything but average.

@shanoodley role model
Sure. Except for the ones who die.
This just in: above average dads getting younger.
#crashblossom
We could have had a VP who makes dad jokes like this
...and plays the harmonica!
Well, older men wanting younger women, younger women wanting a family.
yes just keep supporting P.P. how dare you talk about getting older !
Like a fine  you're getting better with age 
Politicians are probably the only sector of elites who try real hard to appear to be just "average folk". I however accept he is aging.
"Scientists have found a direct correlation between time passed and the age of fathers."
Yes. I used to be 32. Now I'm 50!!
Sounds like #FakeNewsCNN 
Me too Sen you running again???? 
I admit it - it's my fault. I was 36 when I became a dad.
Everyday, I think
Nice to ponder issues that are so very clear
Me too. How odd...
I was 39 when I had my first child.
I will be 56 in 2 weeks. My only children are 10 and 3.
Except Dad jokes don't get old, they age like a fine wine
hahaha
...Dad joke.  (TBH...I laughed)
I'm pretty sure that's not what they meant, but so are we all!

The one that got away.

@PardesSeleh you're the father of a terrorist
So is your son in jail yet?
Did u figure that out all by yourself Timmy? Maybe there's somewhat of a brain in that head of urs after all! NOT MUCH.
Like, no shut.  The alternative is to die.  Geez.  :)
Thank you for the giggle!
Your jokes keep me young
DAD! Come back! Be our VP.
But cuter!
Senator Kaine with the ultimate dad joke tweet!
Good retire
hey dad just letting u know i'm coming home labor day weekend will u make me a grilled cheese love you bye.
What, no dirty laundry?
as we all are sir
Off topic, but having a 'Mats fan as VP really meant something to me.
I thought that was called wiser!

This will cause problems later with aging. Widens the age gap between generations. Extra stress on children when their parents need care.
My husband is too. Funny thing, time is.

WOW! TIM KAINE FINALLY FIGURED OUT THAT TIME CAUSES AGING, AND NOT BY GLOBAL WARMING.
Yes but NOT wiser Timmy

ACLU supports Mrs. Clintons running mater Tim Kaine. Can't say Merry Christmas or have Christian or Jewish displays because they offend ACLU
Election is over loosen up the tinfoil hat a bit.

#dadjokes
I was 38 with my first born.
Aren't we all?  Who writes these headlines, anyway?
Lol, nice!
But you're not average, you're superlative!
Or not bringing children into this greedy, hateful world
Dad jokes!
Lol!!  I love that you read the same tweets we all read!  Too funny
Classic dad move
Getting older usually beats the alternative.
Ha!
@timkaine , king of the dad jokes.
Hahaha! What a great observation!
Or better yet, make Howard Levy jealous, and get a fat Hohner contract (when you leave public office, of course).
30 no kids. Scary times we live in. Who wants to go to Dave & Buster's for wings?
Aren't all dad's getting older?  I know us moms are!  
Everyone is getting older!!! It's life!
If only your son would act older
Citizen Senator, not only are you aging, you are getting wiser and that only helps your harmonica embouchre.  Blow it like Popper, dude!
That's not a bad thing, except for genetic problems that pop up due to age. Genetic testing is crucial. Believe me, I wish I'd had it.
This is hilarious.
You and me, both.
What's wrong with me? I'm the same age as I was 15 years ago.
Dad jokes, meanwhile, are ageless
Ha ha! Perfect! The best average guy we have in America!
Daddy
That's so weird. I am too, and I don't even have any children!
Prob the first true thing you've said in quite a while
I find that I'm aging at about the same rate as most other people.  About a year at a time. Concur?
At what interval do you age a year tho?
Yearly, I find.
Checks out.

This joke is too Meta for me.
Well naturally, I'm not a father and I'm still getting older.
