As anRN MSN, THERE IS NO SENSE IN WASTING FUNDS TO HELP PEOPLE WHO DO NOT WANT TO BE HELPED. Fund those who want help.
What ur saying is, if they want to die, LET THEM DIE! 
Many are afraid to speak up. It takes courage. Do u know what's worse than an addict? A sober person without a heart!
Certainly needed, not govts. job.
Substance use disorder?  WTF? Addiction is a disease,spiritual, mental, emotional &physical. No healthcare system can fix it.
yes it can. I've seen it. People can stop just like alcoholism with help. Tired of hearing people claim let them die.
There are 1000's of recovery meetings everyday that are free. Plenty of people get clean w/out checking into rehab.
help. Alcoholics can go through terrible withdrawals that need medical help too. If you have no compassion for
you're wrong
How is he wrong??? 24 millions with out healthcare! Stop being CHEAP! $4 a day we can keep everyone insured!
I worked in counter narcotics policy for almost 10 yrs and I had hoped ACA would have had more intervention options
Ryan/Trump care. Cheeto is too dumb to do this himself especially when there are enough patsys to do it. God help us all!
Amen!
give up, you're powerless
Go away! I'm from Virginia! We are a diverse state. He will SUPPORT sen Kaine! 
WTF have YOU done to end it? 5 OD's in 1 day last Spring in Newport News. FIVE
stop the Trumpcare!!!
bur this new plan is reckless for all involved so I hope you can work with the rest of the Congress to find a good middle ground
people do not understand addiction. It is inherited and they can stop with proper help. It is just like alcoholism.
trumpcare will hurt my brother who is mentally ill. He can't work. His meds cost thousands a month! You all need to filibuster!
ACA also caused my #MS medication to costs to soar, and required me to pay all of my $1300 deductible on January 1 each year
wow, glad you didn't get elected you liar. More progressive fraudulent propaganda
Could you please ask Senator JOE MANCHIN why he has voted for every Trump cabinet?
, I have faith in your leadership
on one hand, ACA did increase patient deductibles, stopping vital follow up re: opioid trmt, on the other... any care is better
Please stand up for behavioral health coverage. Millions of lives depend on that. Say No to #Trumpcare
@hartsigns The efforts have gone swimmingly so far. Afghanistan called, said they have more poppy ready for Mr Pharma.
why should young ppl who have student loans have to take  care of other young drug heads who don't give a damn about themselves
it will be disastrous in Ohio where we have over 100 overdoses a week sometimes
That's probably what that orange psychopath wants to happen.
Pain pills are the gift that keep on giving..to DRUG COMPANIES!!!
The real drug dealers in America are Doctors who over prescribed pain pills to these people because DRUG Companies paid them!
so. You want to gave us pay for drugs to give to drug users? Maybe tightening our boarders and stop them from coming in is better
Your party had 8 years to end it.....
The full message is not reaching the audience it needs to get to, Republican voters. You need TV PSAs that show "everything".
killing "Obamacare," even if they hurt peop, is goal of Trump/GOP. ACA is symbol of hate & racism directed toward Mr. Obama.
what Insanity driven crusade will stop drug's by rehabilitation. Close border's get serious, prosecute the hell out of dealer's.
you know what really hurts Americans. All of the left wing Ameriphobic Democrats who have seats in our senate.
please vote against #Trumpcare !
you ARE believable
No trump legislation should proceed until Russia investigators clear him.
YES!!...love that you & Kennedy,III have sense!!
*** #RESISTANCE ACTIONS***
GORSUCH HEARINGS MONDAY, 3/20
ACA REPEAL THURSDAY, 3/23
RETWEET:
…
more like #Trumpdoesntcare
for POTUS
why? The addicts won't buy insurance????
@lkjtexas #TrumpCare would hurt EVERYONE except richest in our country - @realDonaldTrump & his cronies care for themselves only
based on What? What have you done to help with the  opioid crisis? Seems you have been to busy with the Iranians to help Virginia
but it could speed up single player
#irrelevant
Vote no no no no
So what's your plan Timmy ?
#TrumpCare would hurt efforts to end the opioid crisis. Jeopardizes coverage for 2.8 million suffering from substance use disorders
what can people do? The #Republican #healthcare sucks!
GOP only cared when white folk became addicted; like "crack " put these white folks in jail
Liar, you phony #Jesuit & #traitor
.@timkaine @All100Senators Let's not forget how it forces people toward illegal drugs since they can't afford proper treatment in 1st place.
End the opioid crisis? That's a stretch even 4u.
#TrumpCare would simply reinforce the message this administration is already sending:  White wealthy lives matter most.
And the poor, senior citizens, those who have been disabled by disease and injury, low and low to middle income
It's a catastrophe for our country don't let them get away with killing the most vulnerable we are going backwards.
nobody cares about that! We're building a wall! It's gonna be yuuuge!
more lies.  The Joker at it again
fight with all your might. We are counting on you
