Stop with the political BS Kaine, Had #Obama did something the last 7 years this wouldn't be happening
Obama went to congress to act and the republican congress turned him down.
Obama drew a Red Line and walked away leaving people to die from Assad's regime which let Russia step in and now has a base there #wrong
There are laws still that we have to follow in this country. Obama went to congress and they said no. If you praise Russia go there we ..1
Who is praising Russia??  Wait What??
I did re read that and read it wrong, yes Russia has a base there. But they wouldn't have if in 2013 congress acted when Obama went to them
And if Obama acted on his own like Trump just did, lol you all would be screaming that he broke the laws
yea you don't know me that well, good day.
President Trump showed great wisdom, he did what needed to be done NOW.
Lol wisdom? This " great leader"didn't even have a plan.
And you know this how??  Member of the NSA ?
It's obvious Trump doesn't have a plan. He depends on everyone to come to him with plans he'll he needs his "loyal ones"read and brief him.
You mean like GENERAL Mattis & military experienced coming to him with military plans? Of course he should rely on them You're a total idiot
what is your plan Trump? He doesn't have one!
Does bombing an empty airfield count?
Kinda funny how they said 4 kids were killed where were the military casualties if this was a surprise attack?! Makes one wonder..??
Well Trump thinks he's king
More like Dictator lol
Unfortunately the President can do anything he wants with the military for up to 90 days - repeal War Powers Act 50 USC 1541? #RepealAUMF
Tim Kaine hates woman & children. They matter less then his ego!! If Hillary had made same decision he'd blow his trumpet in approval.#SHAME
#ShortTermMemoryLoss Obama: "I won't wait for congress"

http://content.usatoday.com/communities/theoval/post/2011/10/obamas-new-slogan-we-cant-wait/1#.WV4uWYjys2w …
As the Cmdr in Chief of the armed forces, many presidents have sent troops to battle without an official war declaration (ex:Vietnam, Korea)
POTUS doesn't need Congressional authority.Why don't you ask the pussy before Trump why he blinked at the red line !IF YOU WERE VP OMG HELP!
Obama and Hillary created this mess!  Lies from Obama that there was NO Chemical Weapons - The WORLD see's America as a Strong Force Again
Impeach him
He has that authority. Get over losing the election, Kaine
did you get permission from your wife????
#SyriaStrike Trump does a flip flop....YET AGAIN!
That was then.  Now as long as Putin signs off on it he's golden
Quit crying Cain, you lost!
*Kaine
Clown!
Come on! It was sarin gas. Not firecrackers
US can't achieve any respectability if it supplies arms & supports Terrorist's killings US should focus on PEACE through diplomacy
Well he says he's flexible....I think he means he has a lack of impulse control
Spending $80M+ bombing an airfield after alerting them of the impending attack, 24 hrs later they're up & running, not fiscally conservative
@RealDoanldTrump @Congress @Senate @CBS Trump Broke Constitutional Law By Not Contacting Congress First & Asking For Permission! ILLEGAL!
You folks must have missed your government class. Maybe you studied where they indoctrinate instead of educate
attacking is the key word. No attack, but response to al-Assad crossing your line twice. You would never act.
yea we used to him saying one thing and doing another he lost his marbles, his cheeze fell of the cracker
Double standards is the new normal

He is such a hypocritic
Bozo the Clown
......yea, seems trump got a little confused.  #LOCKHIMUP
Why are the @gop @housejudiciary assisting #TrumpRussia traitor?Does @SenateMajLdr  think anyone respects him after his silence and Gorsuch?
Don't get distracted, trump russia is the story and we are close to unmasking and impeachment
Yeah, OK 
Put your Pink Pussy Hat back on and Trump will continue to wear his #MAGA!
Tim Kaine. Always playing politics. Glad you are not our VP. As a Virginian, ashamed you represent my state of VA.
Syria has helped 45 in masking his Russia Gate problem.
So let's do the Obama way and look the other way when chemical weapons are used? You are too stupid to have any govt position.
Quoting Senators Schumer, Leahy, and Warren in unanimous vote for Gorsuch on July 20, 2006:  "Aye"
Second time Assad kills the innocent...I didn't vote for @POTUS but I'm glad he did what he did in Syria!
Did Obama get that approval? You need to tell the whole story. I hope Hillary's method of telling the "whole truth" didn't rub off on you!
I wonder if @POTUS 's teeth hurt when he talks out of both sides of his mouth?
Weird how he changed his mind. Another flip-flopper.
This is the biggest mistake I have ever witnessed and there WILL be reprocussions!  Buckle down and resist Washington!You know this is rong
I'm sure glad @POTUS changed his mind and I'm really happy you are NOT the Vice Pres.  @VP
wcg50 what do you know, LOSER
Exactly. He is making up his own rules and getting away with it!!!
This was a deflection from the Russian probe and his poll numbers. Putin might even be in on it so no more sanctions are placed on him.
We all know DT lies all the time. Is this a surprise?  I think not.  He likes to rewrite history.  We cannot allow that.
Article 2 of the constitution . . .
@NastyNortDakota Consistently hypocritical, Don forgets from 1 day to the next what his last position was
Ha - he's a flipper-flipper like you
This is as much a test by DT to c how far he can go w/out congressional approval. We had 2 make a statement but DT brk arrow resp concerning
Amazing how time and power changes minds. Plus of course, he was lying for political gain at the time!
I'm so grateful that you are not the VP of the USA....Amen
Did he follow rules?
Catholic and yet planned parenthood financier? Really? Your moral compass is 180'off
I believe the only credible thing we can quote from you in 2016 was WTF???????!did that just happen??
@POTUS44 and @HillaryClinton are to be blamed for gas bombing. Even Hillary said they sold guns to terrorist. So they created ISIS Hillary
@AJENews that the place to watch real new.
This would never happend if Obama Administration did not sold guns to Al-Qaida. Assad broke the international law by gass bombing his people
Well sounds like your still Mad you lost to me Dems have been playing Games against Trump since he got in office & your pushing this ,Really
Yeah, until the ineptitude itself becomes potus
Well there you have it! @potus is a big mistake!
U lost the election. Ur a has been now so shut up.
Your not even worth one of POTUS' farts.  Go away.
I'm sure I can find lots of tweets from you libs condemning Obama for his unauthorized strikes, right? Hypocrites!!!
What will congress do if he doesn't? He needs 2 b held accountable! There r suppose 2b checks n balances Congressman will b held accountable
Obviously we have to do something senators and congressman
Water under the bridge .......i'm the president now so those guys can get stuffed
You wouldnt have the backbone to initiate an attack. It's beyond you just to say, "Good job." Simply because it's Trump. Sad UnAmerican like
Well Senator Kaine what will be done on the senate floor about his blatant disregard, he is still trying to deviate from the investigation.
Trump's a self-servant,  not a public servant. He's a hypocrite

could you possibly be a supportive American instead of who you are?  If Trump cured cancer, I'm sure you would complain...
Now agree with Donald Trump? Was a private citizen back then doing business. At least he has leadership skills you don't have and never will
Quiet down Tim Kaine you have no credibility and you're certainly no later. Paired with Hillary #TerminalMistake
Go away Tim Kaine. You're not a leader and never will be. You lost your integrity when you hooked up with crooked Hillary
Why is this fat nazi allowed not to follow the rules & law of this usa an do as he please..democrats grow some balls
Wow
He Will not. everybody knows Trump
@realDonaldTrump  Oh, we remember, Senator, we remember.
Look who agrees with you...
#OddBedfellows
My statement regarding last night's launch of U.S. airstrikes in Syria -> http://jones.house.gov/press-release/jones-statement-us-airstrikes-syria …
we have an ego driven, un-advised leader, how terrifying is that?
Impeach this piece of crap!!!
even now @housegop R bending over for #DontheCon They R LIARS just like Donny! #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpLies
That's our Uncle Don....
Trump has b/c a renegade president. Do not bypass congress in an act of war. Yes it was called 4 , but not w/o congressional authorization.
A White House official said more than two dozen members of Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, were briefed Thursday
Trump did let Congress know of his plans to launch 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles Thursday evening.
You mean 2 quote  " big big huge mistake if he does not, does not, huge mistake. Bad mistake, huge, big". Lots of words repeated no action.
Who would have thought that the Senator be more in line with Putin's interests today than @realDonaldTrump
@potus,, again you make a complete anout face on your stance. Have some balls for once and stand on your own. Trump Bannon's puppet.
if "Republicans" in Congress hadn't stopped everything he tried to do it wouldn't have happened!
'snakes in grass speak with forked-tongues'
Are you saying what he did was illegal? Because everywhere I've read says otherwise.
Trump* doesn't seem to think he need Congressional approval to do anything. He's trying to make Congress irrelevant.
He changed his mind.
#CryMeARiver
How things have changed
He thinks Rules don't apply to him.  Only other people and only if they help his agenda.
45 is a known liar. Never know what to believe with him. He should not be running this country ( if we can even call it that) #Unqualified
2,441 likes. Good luck with that movement Tim.
Gutless. No wonder you and what's her name lost.  You will never get another vote from me
He never follows his own advice.
move into the present day.
Really need to ask Obama, Kerry, Hillary, dems where the chemical weapons came from. They stated 100% of the chemical weapons were destroyed
Mr. Senator, any hints about what you can do to hold Trump accountable for his actions?
While I agree that something needed to be done to Assad not going through proper channels is dangerous. Treating violence w/ violence. No
Or was that one of those tweets we weren't supposed to take literally???
Your motto let's take in as many refugees, and no fly zone. Stop pretending your intelligent your a follower not a leader
You want to know why you lost the election, you had no ideas, then reiterated trumps, you just did it trump on campaign safe zones
They said they would impeach the President if he bombed 
     without approval in Syria.
whaaat? this is #DevilDonald! Did you think that hypocrisy was beyond him if it means sneaking in a dirty win? pshaw!
It a military action, you don't have much say , two he can declare war hence bush,
Then I guess President Obama should not have obligated us. By the way, nice debate performance!
Hypocrites?
Funny how so many of POTUS quotes have come back to bite him!
He needed to do something to make himself feel powerful, nothing else seems to be working.
But it was ok for Obumer & Killery to take out Gaddafi and destabilize Libya for wanting to turn to the African backed gold denar
We are counting on you and other members of congress to stop this crap! #SyriaStrikes
Thank you for representing us @timkaine.  We appreciate your dedication to the people of Virginia and your world view.
@POTUS @PressSec What changed??
war powers act tim - look it up.
Glad they especially didn't tell you. You probably would have called for some special investigation and sent out tweets detailing our plans.
Well we live in an alt reality now so his tweets back then don't count. Just like up is down, black is white, bunnies are helicopters etc
We are going to vote all these Republican traitors out in 2018.
Presidents strike in Syria is was limited & precise.  We already engage in air strikes in Syria.  President does need congressional debate.
And he DID NOT... Imagine that!
You know the biggest mistake was electing you to senate #crooks #criminals
He spoke as a citizen at that time, not a government  official, there is a difference.
@realDonaldTrump is flipflopper in chief, previous comments have no bearing on today's comments or actions. he doesn't remember what he said
Denies it even if shown in black and white. Terrible! So sad!
This man has no word of honor. Don't believe in anything he says. How he ended up in the WH is unbelievable.
It Matters. Justification for war, approval. I stand with, as a military family member. When a soldier goes to war, family does also, worry
POTUS know much more now in office than he did then. Of course with new knowledge comes new responses.
You really are clueless
McConnell: Trump had authority for strikes http://washex.am/2nSwBc0  
You ppl in Congress are a joke. Nothing would ever be agreed upon in that climate. Get real
@Nurse4allPeople He got Russia's approval? why does he need congress?
You got that one right.
He has never abided by what was right before, he will not start now.
He needed another diversion from Russia investigation and boost in the polls. A ratings strategy
Unless you're the #unpresident without any #presidential qualities!
just like his other promises-not kept,
Starting to think Mr. Trump's past tweets were prophecies of what he would do as president.
Hypocrisy & a shit-eating grin-not impressive or amusing. Grow up & deal wcomplex issues like a serious adult #TheyDontTakeTheirJobSeriously
There's more to come but worse. This is a diversion from Russia! Investigations must continue or better yet IMPEACH before WW3!
Donnie is a white right wing Repub.  The rules don't apply to his kind.
though I suspect after seeing what they did with #SCOTUS vote,  they will let @potus do what he wants. Including treason #corrupt
Small hands, short memory
It was a bigger mistake when Hillary selected you instead of Bernie as her VP running mate. Hey,you got her to win Virginia...and that's it.
Bernie was the bigger mistake
Must have been locker room talk.
Rules only apply when they don't effect him.
here's something new: we debated and approved strike. Assad, expect attack early morning on 6th of April 2 0 1 8
Distinction Rules
Blow it out your ass Tim 
Did you agree with him then?
He did---8/13
he's still a goof. What a pathetic excuse of a POTUS that womanizing cheetoh face is!
"Those are my principles, and if you don't like them - well, I have others"
Trump 2012: "Obama poll numbers n tailspin, watch him launch strike"
2017: Poll n Tailspin Calls up Troops, it's War
So...maybe this IS why Trump struck. To raise HIS ratings? Maybe there was some truth to my fears. It really makes sense. Horrifying.
@potus will be glad to call you if decides on war. And I'm sure he has your 100% support. Thank you.
Now we just shoot from hip!!! Anything to distract from bad news days at home: Nunes recusal, job #s, RussiaTrump investigation...
C'mon Tim. You know none of the rules apply to 45. This is all a ruse to distract from the real crisis #Trumprussia
Why Would You Think Be Would Do The Right Thing Starting Now? The Lunatic is Going to Destroy The World .Next Up North Korea!
@realDonaldTrump you told Russia but not Congress. You won't help these people, won't let them come here for a better life.
