Except no women go to PP for mammograms, maternity care, etc. PP refers them to someone else. They only do abortions, dude.
I'm a woman who has used PP for routine medical care. Abortion is 3% of what they do.
Anecdotal evidence is one voice in a wilderness.
one voice you can't seem to ignore perhaps because my lone voice negates your original statement  #haunted 
Yes, in the same way Bill Ayers negated the Cambodian killing fields.
the problem with speaking in absolutes is that they are so easily disproven, especially when absolutes r lies. 
thanks for looking out for women!  please shut this down.
the pres of PP said they don't do cancer screen or mamm. And they DEF don't do maternity care. They are too busy killing babies.
when did Cecile say that? Because they do provide cancer screenings.
I raise the question all the time & no Repub has answered: What is the end game for society/you when women are denied care?
IOW if you restrict abortions/ contraception /gyno care what the hell is your real goal here?
have you read The Handmaid's Tale? Have you seen the state bill that refers to women as hosts? Misplaced beliefs--
I'm sorry but that's a lie. There are only 5 PPA centers that do anything other than abortions, std tests and contraceptives
But millions of precious babies will be born!
taxpayers are never supposed to pay to kill children.PP makes enough on their own
cool screw em!!!!
Planned Parenthood does not do mammograms Senator.
Thank you for continuing to fight for women in this country. You have my respect.
great song you got there. Lock him up.
great son. Lock him up
I'm sorry that some be effected but others will too. Difficult layered process that needs to be fine tuned with both sides?
we are not surprised, GOP only cares for wealthy and evangelical votes. SHAME ON THEM!!! None of them have ever struggled.
Imma just leave this here http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/OgMjl …

that would be great if PP actually provided any services
Yeah, surely they go for mammograms, maternity care, and cancer screenings. Or maybe they just go for abortions.
no mammograms at PP.  just stop
Planned parenthood does NOT do mammograms. No licenses to do them. No machines.
isnt that what the ACA is supposed to do?
his "deal" with them was sickening. How amazing are the leaders of PP?
#TrumpdontCare
the gop doesn't want women to see doctors, they don't even want us out of the kitchen
Lmaoyour so dramatic
What is with this mean-spirited cold hearted greedy agenda hurting the disadvantaged voiceless plus Mother Nature? H8 it.
that's funny, they don't actually do half of those you fraud
Seems that @PPact still doesn't do mammograms http://www.factcheck.org/2012/10/planned-parenthood-and-mammograms/ … . Is your son as truthful? @CWforA @PYNance

@rbalzum @PPFA if they are not using federal funds for abortions what really is the problem with What PP is doing?
You know it and I know it.  They think that since they perform it, they are godless and evil.
Cant have that, I like many women depend on those screenings and to keep me cancer free.  Im 1 yr cancer free :)
@wasregan @PPFA Hey Kaine, thanks a lot for betraying my vote by confirming most of Trump's appointees.
but during the campaign he said he was #1 advocate for women. Right. But not real ones.
Please fight it, and urge your fellow Congress members on both sides to fight it as well! Thanks for all you do!!
@ShoshanaRuth98 @PPFA call it Dumpcare, because it dumps healthcare for millions of Americans!
Planned Parenthood does not do mammograms.
Senator, can you get the votes needed for this not to pass? That is the question. Who will break rank?
#DefundPP #FullRepeal
What are you and the rest of the Democrats going to do about this? What's your plan?
@gop this is unacceptable!
Much of those services are funded by non-profits such as Susan G. Komen, so why should the government have to pay $$$ too?
Trumpcare will bankrupt hospitals like we had 10-15 years ago. Hurts the mentally ill, handicapped, and elderly. SAD!
Perhaps it's more appropriate to call it #TrumpCareless.
more lies from the scum politician
Tim go back to work doing something about your failed healthcare program and stop playing with twitter! Sound familiar!
please stand up for us
He is exhausting. Please keep fighting, Senator, and THANK YOU for doing it.
Planned Parenthood doesn't do mammograms or maternity care unless abortion.
as well as men who utilize Planned Parenthood. Repuglikanz suck.
#Republicancare is not about health care but about cutting taxes on the wealthiest political donors and unbridled profits
It's disgusting Mr. Kaine!
Now, Tim, you know the Hyde Amendment 
prohibits federal funds go towards abortions.  @PPFA has a choice to make.
they want to punish women for having sex.
Can we change the nickname to #TrumpDontCare? #TrumpCare gives @realDonaldTrump too much credit.
Maybe the Wall is a metaphor for #trumpcare. That'll keep people out.
Kaine the LOSER
There MUST be some way to stop the #RyanAgenda. He is putting a LOT of power into @SecPriceMD (HHS)
no sir. Quit lying. It stops paying for abortions. Be REAL Abortions that are not from rape incest or life threatening.
Nope!  No abortions paid by our tax dollars!
going backward... keep em barefoot & pregnant, abortions in alleys, cancer screening out of the question. 
Someone needs to educate you and Schumer on what PP does and doesn't do. They don't do any of those things.
You failed to mention that they go to PP to legitimize killing their baby.
it's a fetus. Not a baby!
We need to focus on the Ed part of Planned Parenthood. Certainly a worthier education than Trump U ever considered granting.
R's continue to show their disdain for women. I guess they weren't paying attention to the Women's March. #TheResistance
am 58m with diabetes.My plan would be 400+/month.What bill don't I pay for coverage?Employers won't cover if no mandate.
Hey Timmy.PP does not perform mammograms.Are you gonna correct? They also don't do any maternity care. I doubt cancer either
What they do are abortions and birth control

you may want to check facts do not provide many services but lots of referrals!
I think we should call it #ryancare I like the idea of trump fuming because his name's not on it. Bad for all, but esp women
call it Bannoncare!!
United State of Russia, big weapons & military, very few very rich and majority poor. That is where we are headed.
Thank you, @timkaine for speaking up for us. Please keep fighting for us!
Not #Tumpcare. It is #Republicare. Don't let them use Trump as the fall guy for the program's failures.
"A Republican can't eat, unless they know that someone else is starving."  #trumpcare
 God help us !  I understand the CEO's of major insurance companies get a raise 
I think it's time for the Monster March. Where is Boris Karloff?
say no to it
Are you related to pro wrestling legend Kin corn Kaine?
