Trump mulling withdrawal from Korea trade deal http://politi.co/2iSYLoT  
Another example of Trumps lack of leader
Thanks for being part of the entitled, crooked & incompetent campaign that resulted in Trump. Pied Piper Candidate much? #BernieWouldHaveWon
BTW had Bernie won the nomination he would have lost too. I LOVE Bernie but I really do feel that way. The Russians wanted (t)Rump PRRIOD
All the what ifs isn't going to solve nothing! If a frog had wings he wouldn't hit his ass on the rocks when he hopped!
Pretending that nothing needs to change & nothing is wrong w 3rd way Clintonism is a recipe for more disaster and more losses.
Go serve your egg rolls, before DACA sends you away!
Tim Kaine, you have no credibility.
Please just go far far far away, and shut up.

Who do we have to pay off to get 45 out of there? Surely we can crowdsource this.
Thank God you never made it near the White House! You do realize those Americans are also sitting ducks to North Korea don't you.
Well they better get out. Enough talking it's time to take action.
Guess the people should call on you,Maxine Waters,D.W.Shultz,A.Sharpton to formulate a plan to deal with N.Korea.The B.S.Plan
Your son is a domestic terrorist. With a parenting result like that why should we listen to anything you say?
https://twitter.com/MemeAlertNews/status/904384761350811648 …
Congress must start pushing back and refusing to pass his "pet" legislation.
You should run for office. He is going to do something to get a lot of people hurt. We need to get him out of there as soon as possible!
TK did run. Remember?
Good, I sure South Korea doesn't want to be seen with him! They won't give him a kick back, for his indebted ass, like Middle East has!
Bring all US troops home #WITH our equipment.
Bye!
FUNNY, IT WAS A RETREAT FROM THE LAWS TO SET UP A SECRET SERVER FOR SENDING AND RECEIVING TOP SECRET INFO BUT SHE WAS YOUR PARTNER IN CRIME
Leadership? Unfortunately, there is no leadership from any branch of gov't right now. Both houses of Congress need to take control. Pronto!
How many times can I call trump an idiot - I guess many
@politico No wonder Trump's business went bankrupt three times.
Trump is like a toddler in an airport control tower!
For heaven's sake!  In terms of global trade, we either lead or we follow.  I wish these "economic nationalists" could figure that out.
South Korea is a valuable ally.  We can't afford to lose that relationship!
Not to mention that @potus's timing stinks!
This so call President have no clue what  the day of week it is and still some expecting to respond as a human being  with basic sense  wow
Trump is mulling all options. Tough decisions to keep the DPKR from menicing the world with Nukes. God be with us#toughdecions
The fact is @realDonaldTrump administration has no idea what to do, so they are trying to bully other countries to do our diplomacy. 
@politico no one cares what kaine thinks
TIM he never has a clear thought in his head.
Isolationism.  In a global economy.  I'm sure the stock market will 'love' this.
Keeps them on their toes. Stop bucking everything!
Remind me who you are again Tim?
Putin is loving this.
Good close to North stupid usaf fire may hit nuke tip missile usaf just nuked south Korea he shot at n Korea missile blewup mushroom cld
How stupid are those anti missile now. Real stupid all dead in South Korea north Korea launches all others head for dc usa
The trade deal is extremely in favor of them. How do you think they became a first world nation so quickly?
You display no leadership
If they didn't vote for Trump, @POTUS doesn't care!
CRAZY!!  Words absolutely fail sometime!!!
He's mulling his navel.
I actually agree that S Korea should cease all dealing with N Korea.
Not to mention the south-koreans!!!!
WADR, So, ARE T & #Putin COOKING UP A TRADE DEAL BETWEEN ONLY U.S. & #Russia, & ALL OUR Other TRADING PARTNER NATIONS, T & #Putin KILL OFF??
Send antifa to NK. Aren't you their leader?

Why wasn't this debate going on, for the last 20 years?Instead of appeasement & gifting.Bowing at the altar of a Communist Regime.
SENATOR WE MUST LET TIME THE SANCTIONS THE WEATHER AND GOD HELP IN THIS WITH DPRK!
Would represent another betrayal of US interests by Trump.  Another Chinese trademark for Trump Co.?
You lost the election because we don't agree with you. 

America first
WADR, OF ALL THE PEOPLE T WANTS 2 STICK IT TO, WHY #SouthKorea? SK FAMILIES Have Had ENOUGH  HORROR Without A T DICK MOVE! @southkoreanews
The word "mulling" implies mumbling to himself & not sitting down with his advisors who could offer sound, longer term solutions
Why do we worry so much about China? Isn't the US way more powerful? Why can't we pull out?
Who the hell askd you Bail your son out of jail already
when the going gets tough, the USA is supposed to run away?   that is really gonna have our enemies quaking in fear. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
F it... Let's just blow them off the map then.... #Snowflakes ....
Why would Trump even considering it, given N.Korea's actions? Would Putin want US off Korean peninsula? #PutinsPuppet?
Sure!
Tim, he literally doesn't care about anyone
Timmy, u believe Politico? How about keeping up w real news like from @FoxNews or Breitbart?Just stop watching fake news. BTW, u & HRC lost!
Sure. Real (t)Rump News. Ridiculous
This from a clown who was a big part of clintons loss
impeach him soon please
It's just another thing he can do to destroy the USA and turn us into a 3rd world power like Russia! Putin is getting his money worth !
You have NO right to talk about #leadership, you have NONE!
…so, i guess when he is done, the u.s. will have NO trading partners?
Soko needs to get on board. Period
