
Why'd former(?) BO supporter Jason Kessler advertise rally as NOT white sup,then put Nazis/KKK up front4HBO to film?
https://www.facebook.com/LeslieWilliamsz/posts/1397439793705009 …
Please read my FB post. I believe Trump was right: Hundreds were good people protesting removal of monuments which a defiant South sticking
...their thumb in Yankees' eyes. When I was a kid, history classes taught that the Civil War wasn't about the
North freeing slaves but rather about economics & yankees bullying the South.
Confederate soldiers fought & died not to keep slavery, but to free the South from Northern oppression.
Yankees were America's rich snobs who'd always looked down on the South--as they still do.
--something high-brow yankees looked down on. Most Southerners were too poor to own much of anything, esp not slaves.
Why doesn't Tim Kaine call out #AntiFa for it's hate, bigotry and violence? #AltLeft
Those vicious  alt-left ANTIFA and the other alt-left KKK should be labeled terrorist groups, immediately!
It's a heritage thing not a hate thing
that's how you do unequivocal.
So cut your 40-day vacation short and congregate as Congress to accomplish something. You're powerless and worthless on vacation.
That's an accurate description of Tim when they're in session..
Have you ever READ the Constitution? You guys are toddlers. She lost, get over it. Seriously. Trump isn't going anywhere.. lol
It would help if Democrats stopped embracing criminals and anarchists.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/26/tim-kaines-son-charged-after-trump-rally-scuffle/ … You might try teaching some of that stuff to your kid, Tim.
#MAGA #POTUS #Draintheswamp #Fakenews
You people mix up equality with socialism. Move to Venezuela.
Are YOU going to address this? http://ntknetwork.com/antifa-extremists-declare-full-on-war/ … You didn't call them out specifically so apply same "logic" alt-left did to @POTUS
Not sure where you were rsised but in Southside we are all equally suppressed by 8 yrs of Obama race baiting.
Minnesota. He's not even from Virginia.

I support Tim Kaine!Thank you 4  your thoughtful response2 TM !You help us keep focus on Peaceful Goals that can help us move forward
http://dailysignal.com/2017/08/15/the-3-step-argument-the-left-makes-to-justify-violence-against-conservative-speakers/ … STOP
incited by a corrupt, neo-nazi POTUS.
you don't talk about your son who is a member of antifa who are responsible for the girl dying no wonder you support them
@realDonaldTrump no, it should be to rid society of antifa, BLM, ISIS, Islam, kkk, Nazis, fascists, gangs. Get it yet?
Hey Tim why didn't you come out adainst Obama and Killary for there association with Robert Byrd. Can't get anymore racist the leader of KKK
We need to get rid of Trump, Tim. There is no other answer
why did you take money from Soro's who helped nazis capture jews he was 14 then went on to rob there homes.I guess this makes you a nazi
this was not about race it was about saving our war monuments.Then antifa and BLM gets bused in to cause violence that killed a girl
Lock him up!!!
Thank you Mister Vice President!  #ImStillWithHer
Hmmmm. Shut up fool
An attempt to erase the past is not the answer. Everyone is equal. Open their eyes and show them.
More Timmy LIBERAL BULLSHIT!!!!!!!!!
@GeorgeNicolas12 @RTDNEWS PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT!
Oh we will respond all right.  Democrat leaders that Instigated Charlottesville will be losing their jobs.  Governors party and on down.
How is your son doing Tim Kaine?  Loser.


So when your son was arrested and his coward's mask was ripped off, was that not also for violence, you hypocrite loser? https://twitter.com/timkaine/status/897569350043009024 …
You are unbelievable & the master of the half truth. Down with the KKK & Neo Nazis, but you have them a permit & Antifa is no better.
You know, Hillary would have won the election but get Veep pick sucked.
It's taking us too long
How about we try Democracy and let the people vote on whether they want monuments removed or not instead of cowing down to bullying?
Agree! BLM cop killers & Antifa need to go on the list. No place in America for any of it! We don't want you need to change it
Thank you for your calm, thoughtful, reasoned and important leadership.
Glad your son didnt get arrested again Timmy.
Nice job Tim...
You and your party of manipulators are to blame for all the violence. May God have mercy on your souls.
They're not offended, they want any excuse for anarchy
Yes... you are right Sir.
Were you proud when your son got arrested?
Why did your Virginia government allow the two groups close to each other? YOUR failure is the direct cause of the death of an innocent.
Cover the statues with Burkas and you'll be hugging all of them.

Thank you
impeach him now get DT out let's try again can u say shit for brains.
WHEN YOU CONDEMN YOUR SON THE ANTIFA MEMBER THEN WE WILL LISTEN HYPOCRITE!!!
Your idea of equality, is that illegals R equal to American citizens and in some case deserve "special" treatment.  You get paid w/our taxes
As mayor of Richmond, you were against the removal of a mural of Robert E. Lee.  What is your opinion of the statue?
Hate and bigotry killed two police officers in Florida. Where's your condemnation of those murders and of the people who committed them?
I'm sure your a decent person but no one really needs to hear from you
What are you going to do to lead the way and inspire others in Congress
Don't forget to tell your criminal son!
Disgusting rhetoric & dishonest analysis. No mention of real problems:lawlessness,disrespect of authority, & irresponsible city leadership.
your opponent is a jerk
Virginians need2WAKE UP!Democrats are theFOUNDERS ofthe KKK! TheyPERPETRATE violenceAgainst their politicalOpponents https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://nobullying.com/kkk/&ved=0ahUKEwiF5Ire8OPVAhWl0YMKHe9LDj0QFghTMAQ&usg=AFQjCNHAG2B7mPv5HxFGTl6gIcXedrbqDA …
They're your peeps. You hacks have been setting this up since you lost.
Thank you, Sen Kaine. You are the best example of what an elected leader should be.
Reality: Hatred from any group is wrong. Hatred from Antifa, BLM no different from NeoNazis, KKK. All present & promote violence.
None of the groups represent USA. Gov McAuliffe should have kept all of these groups separated, not used politically. Trumped condemned all.
Antifa showed up w/bats, etc..like in previous protests against Milo at Berkeley & Gov McAuliffe knew that. This appears as political set up
Way too many RWNJs on this thread spreading stock lies, misrepresentations and false equivalencies.
Going to say that about Boston today also Senator. Is it ok for the alt left to scuffle with police, knock women down
It should be to accelerate progress toward impeaching Trump!
Has problems helping his own state much less the nation hind sight is.his long suit
Tim Kaine. Aren't you the jerk that ran with Crooked Hillary ?
Wow, Kaine is as divisive as ever. The ethics committee should investigate him
Thank you Tim.  Makes me feel proud of my home state.  Let's keep living these words instead of merely speaking them.
As a Dem since 1960, I worry we are not behaving like Isis that destroyed Palmyra an ancient city.Don't destroy our American history!
Reasonable concern but these monuments were erected early 1900s to intimidate minorites, not when the Confederacy existed.
Okay, then how about some action. Have the violence inclined white supremacist groups declared terrorists. Turn the FBI loose in them.
I'm all for that, but I see violence surrounding BLM and Antifa as well. Anytime those two show up the businesses are looted and burned.
And how's your criminal son ,
Speaks volume about parents upbringing, you are not even fit to be a good father, it's the norms for democrats
clean energy legal pot free comm college single payer
sure, use it as anotther excuse to capitulate to nazis like you always do
But you didnt do that. you threw away 30 years of progress that i worked hard for because you wanted to reach out to the nazi traitors
When will arrests be made regarding the beating in the parking garage?
TRUMPS ACCOMPLISHMENTS http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/presidential-accomplishments-just-this-month …
You Sen. Kaine have no idea how to do that. Hey dope what happened with Russia getting to close to the Democratic Party. Decided to slowdown
your responce is to side with the nazis. Youve sold us out to traitor slanders and his nazi brigade
Thank you for showing what true leadership is. You are mending broken hearts, with your message.

Let's #PASSERA this Year VA could be #37 and #38 Make IT HAPPEN!
No Difference between 1913 & 2017 Women's March Only Signs;)
Be a light in the dark. Be an example of good against evil.
No  polic were called down MAGA
You sir support it look in the mirror. HILLARY mentor Robert Byrd
You RWNJs need to let this one go. Sen Byrd saw the light, repented & spent the rest of his life dedicated to helping the disadvantaged.
I regret to inform you Mr Kaine, The Real Problem lies in your ideology and Identity Politics, You Sir and your comrades in DC are parasites
How many vehicular homicides occurred in VA last year Senator? How many charged this year? Get a grip. Reality is your friend.
Wish granted. Violence is equal.

kkk + nazis = HATE = blm + antifa
These are the nonviolent non permitted peace loving BLM & ANTIFA in Charlottesville beating a Disabled Man @POTUS was right ALL VIOLENCE 
Really sad. I don't care who you are, what your beliefs are. There is no place for this in our society.
I noticed you carefully left out the Antics and BLM. You are shameful. Didn't want mention the group your son is a member of.

Yep ,Anifta ha no permit ,just one agenda .Violence
We are equal !
Sorry- unless you call for impeachment or resignation, your well written column doesn't cut it!
I voted him in along with 63 million individual's.He didn't do anything to be impeached .He would have to break a law, and he didn't !
But we are not equal
@realDonaldTrump #NoSafeSpaceforDonald #BoycottMaraLago #NoTrumpRallies #FireMiller #FireGorka #FireAllTheNazis #TrumpResign #ByeByeBANNON
Meanwhile, a fat man is golfing.
No mention of #Antifa.  Imagine that.
Anitifa a left/hate group. Dems r pushing racism & dividing Am. U know it & so do so many Americans-Truth is finally surfacing. U see it!!!!
U reap what u sow.  U & ur running mate wrote the playbook on identity politics & dissention btwn the citizens. Sanctimonious mental midget!
You should all be jailed for treason
A responsible lawmaker would be promoting peace. You are inciting the public for personal gain. You are deplorable. BOTH sides are WRONG!
Only the side with no permit it wrong.
Both sides are playing the role of antagonist. #truth
We had a show of support for Trump, and they were told about it. THEY HUNTED US OUT TO CAUSE HAVOC, AND DROWNED OUT OUR SPEAKERS .SMOKEBOMBS
They knew it would draw conflict in the streets. That was the idea. And to make Trump look bad. #truth
They didn't want conflict, they were protesting a historical national monuments removal
Along w/Soros Clinton Pelosi Obama Schumer Shiff Schultz want all the money tell us what to do you are Comies progres socialist fascist
Take a lesson from Boston today
What about the hate in your party? What's your response to @MariaChappelleN? Or is that hate acceptable? What about your son's violence?
Elilites want so why are you complaining Dems have been in charge so long they have created all the problems from the civil war to today

What are you talking about all sports are mostly millions+ all Congress people are millions+ the rest of us are poor that is what you
Plus remember this guy couldn't draw flies to his campaign rallies lol he had to cancel most of them
@timkaine lets bring humanity back on all levels. Thank you
Good to see we haven't forgotten about Charlottesville. Im sure theyll be floods in earth quake over seas anything to not think about racism
This was due to failed leadership by @GovernorVA and radical violent liberal activists
Isn't your son charged with some type of violent act ?? In the state of Minnesota
Start with voting rights act
Thank you. Your words make me want to move back to my home state!
Wish he would return to his. Just another carpetbagger.
Tim, get your own house in order.
By chance would you be referring to this peaceful protester?
True. But when it is culture not laws that need to change most of all, how do we do it? You can’t mandate culture.
Hateful son of yours.
Where do you stand on school choice?
Mayor should resign from office. Not TCB. Protecting the citizens.  Order a stand down. Caused injuries no protection
Yep ,the Mayor should be called in national guards if he couldn't the situstion ,not order a stand down because it's too hostile !
Time for @Congressgov to #EradicateHate . Bypass Trump & create a Taskforce against #WhiteSupremacists #terrorism .
Hey Timmy boy, take a good look at ur party when it comes to hate! Look at ur own son! Ur teaching him true American hate! Way to go Timmy!
Will NEVER happen, though I encourage him to run!
Senator what do you think of the stand down order given by the mayor and governor to the police during this disgraceful event   #answers
you libtards are the ones to blame as u promote violence
Tim Kaine needs to be sunject to Mob justice just as he encourages mobs to do to others
Mob justice works both ways Sen Mccain and the people you are encouraging and will treat you like Muammar Gaddafi when they realize u lie
Sen.I appreciate ur mature, adult opinion.But the problem with r country at the moment is 1 person.The catalyst.He is making hate grt again
Tell that to the Republican senators and reps. Good luck with that.
Why didn't the mayor and governor keep people safe in C'ville?

