Do not think, our Gov would not cull the population using a bad vaccine or contaminated serum,  We can't trust congress w/our lives.
Senator Kaine, one officer killed and 5 others injured overnight. Where is your tweet condemning ambushing of LEOs?  #BackTheBlue
to bad you screwed the middle class on obamacare they paid the penalty couldn't afford premiums.Taking kick backs from healthcare industries
This photo brings back memories
She's  walking like she shit herself!

Well, it isn't easy pushing those big guys up the stairs... 
UK is SP HC.  They have AIDS epidemic.  Dispensing AIDS test kits in vending machines.  Y not see a free doctor?  Can't track cases/contacts
Dems prolong death of AHC so they can squeeze taxpayers & Gov 4 matching  funds under Medicaid Expansion.  Handy income 4 sanctuary cities.
The police need to start doing their jobs and no stand Downing allowed from the officers because they're scared this is crap
They can be arrested on the spot I want to go to his rally in Phoenix but afraid of my safety as a woman and this should not be
A pig pen so no one gets hurt like they did in Prescott Arizona and they should have buses there so if anyone gets out of line
Do me a favor when they have these protesters at the rallies please make sure the cops arrest if anyone's out of line they should be behind
#ImpeachUScongress a #decade of #freeloading #thieves must go
Durp Durp Kaine and company 
https://pbs.twimg.com/media/DHjNGifUwAABnVc.jpg:large …
He is so Too Faced It's sicking
Good job Senator.
I do believe them, which is why I am spending so much time fighting @realDonaldTrump  by becoming part of the  #resistancemovement
All the negative posts on here are cruel. We still support you @timkaine
SP/UK just lost 2400 hemophiliacs 2 AIDS tainted blood.  How does this happen to so many, 20 yrs after screening?  Cull pop w/accident?
Silent protector @vcubeast in the back
These stairs look familiarAre they the ones hrc helped 2 men up?
Gov will decide how and when U R treated.  Their bureaucracy & corruption will ensure many die waiting.  Gov doctors may just lie to U?
In the end, rather than try GOP plan, they will give U Single Payer HC.  Just like the Gov took care of SP veterans?  They did not!
Med Exp, expanded2 cover healthy people of working age, welfare!  Takes from elderly & sick,  and burdens program.   Medicaid can't sustain.
Healthcare is lost.  AHC is not even an option unless taxpayers fund pvt insurance give them subsidies & pay them premiums?  At what price?
You are a communist.
Kaine is a pos.

were you too busy to raise your kids right? Is that why one became a domestic terrorist?
Was the better health care to cover the people ur son hurt?
Was your son arrested for violence in a protest. Loser
You're a joke. Get your household in order. And never call me a racist again. Punk
You raised your son to be a violent criminal and hide behind a mask like a thug, why?

Worst political cartoon ive ever seen. No depth and abysmally terrible art
@timkaine Call for Maria Chappelle-Nadal to resign. You have already denounced hate on the right. Do it in your party now.
Welcome to Tangiers, @adnanESPN
Your son is a thug. Fix him first before try to fix the country
The USA needs better healthcare 
Why don't you guys get rid of failing Obamacare?
Yes and 2 billion in debt too
How can you impeach a president where there is no crime? You guys knew the DNC files were copied locally Jan 17 2016 yet you continued. Why?
Also the Constitution says nothing about not liking election results as being grounds for Impeachment. Everyone is aware of the Coup de ta
Hey, little Timmie, why didn't you do something about the monuments when you could?
Until other people's money runs out
damn you are creepy
Kaine continues to make a difference. KAINE 2020!!
Killing some babies makes you proud?
Not gov anymore read this:one of the biggest 2018 premium hikes Iowa’s only ObamaCare insurer is looking for a 57 percent rate increase
Make America Great Again by voting out Kaine. Vote him out.
When you were Governor why didn't you speak out then about the statues? Ahhh...could it be that you're a hypocrite??? #MAGA
Or a second class pandering prig posing as a senator
Yes, Tim Kaine, we know you are making your buddies in big Pharma uber rich. Why do you want to kill Americans so bad though?
What exactly did you do? I thought Dr. Nichols began the clinic and fundraising and other contributions made it possible.
Tim, you tweet like a star struck child when you to go rural areas in VA. From Appalachia to The Bay. Do you like Trump Country?
But your being a obstructionist now Tim!
lame
Unlike the Senate where you have made zero difference. Guess your head got to big about Healthcare for all!
Why Mr Kaine would you align yourself with a Rascist?
You lost LMAO
ITS TIME TO DISBAND THE RACIST DEMOCRAT PARTY. THEN ALL THEIR RACIST SYMBOLS OF HATE CAN BE TORN DOWN.

How you doing Senator Kaine. You are invited to some Peace Rallies. Come to our town halls
SENATOR THEY LOOK  LIKE A GREAT GROUP OF PEOPLE !VERY INSPIRING!
Tim....we really wish you had just visited MI, WI, and PA a few more times. How hard would it have been, really? Sigh.
ITS TIME TO GET RID OF THE RACIST DEMOCRAT PARTY AND RACIST LIKE KAINE. 
THEN WE CAN TEAR DOWN THE DEMOCRATS RACIST SYMBOLS OF HATE.
Run for president 2020!
So much possibility exists for betterment in our world.
