Trump decision looms on crucial Obamacare payments http://politi.co/2vgDWbB  
@politico as usual, you have situation reversed...OBAMA AND DEMOCRATS SABOTAGED HEALTH CARE SYSTEM! So happy you are not our VP
Please prove healthcare was sabotaged by Obama/dems. And you can't use what 45 said. You are required to use other sources
Hope you got about three hours...
That how long it is going to take her to invent an answer?
I really don't care if it answers or not...sheep are too lost to fix..the country is too stupid and I have better things to do
Well being you feel that way about this country. There's the door
I say the same , right back at you .Our country is unrecognizable after 8 years of socialist radical Obama. Go to Europe!
Thank god it's unrecognizable! It was about time we progressed forward instead of being stuck in a time warp!
Tim you already sabotage our health care system. Remember, you can keep your Dr and you have to sign it before you read it. U dems R liars!
The #failingTrumpadministration still trying to destroy everything President Obama touched.   Thx to those who fight tirelessly to stop it.
It's associated with President Obama,  therefore he needs to destroy it. His vengeance WILL kill people. We are expendable.
That right SNOWFLAKE, this mess started with Obama and the dam Democrats like Tim Kaine and Mark Warner.I won't forget them at election time
By who? You? I like what he's doing & so do millions of others. Just not the millennial snowflakes that are still living w/their parents
He is that vengeful #FakePresident #TreasonousTrump #25thAmendment
THAT IS WHY WE NEED TO REMEMBER WITH OUR VOTES #ROCK THE VOTE.
You must be A millennial. That is brainless and clueless.
fwiw: expect trump to do anything possible to undermine the status quo. it has obama's name on it, so trump will undermine it
You're a LIAR!
We can blame it all on you dam democrats for even passing this monstrosity of a health bill. Kaine you did listen to us then so you own it
What part of illegal do you not understand? We are a nation of laws. If you don't like it, change it if you can.
Thank you @timkaine  Keep 'em honest.
Good! The healthcare system is hurting American families.
It's greedy corporate and people that are ruining anything we have in place. Everybody's got both hands in the pot and we end up paying it
You mean like greedy politicians who take in BIG $$$ to vote against the best interests of #WeThePeople?
I bet it works that way too. People at the top of drug companies & healthcare get huge paychecks. The more they suck out of us more for them
EXACTLY.....
Why is Trump spending all this time just to obliterate Obama when he should be about the business of state- like the budget?
He's already purposely sabotaging the country.
No one needs to sabotage it.  Ut us already self imploding.  I agree he should just let it implode on its own so you cant blame him
Too late. Obamacare already did that.
We already know that the repubs with their insurance buddies have done exactly that.
Get Senate & House to Democrat in 2018, and you stop this train wreck president. US population is "swamp" in Trump's eyes. #ImpeachTrump
That's exactly what he wants. He wants to sabotage the system. . He doesn't care who it hurts as long as he gets his way
Miss snowflake, you are clueless. The Democrats have already sabotage the system. Grow up.
@realDonaldTrump Too bad the president doesn't care how his decisions effect the American people. He's more concerned about money & his ego.
What the hell you're talking about. This nation is ready to collapse &he's trying to save it. He doesn't take a salary. Tell that to Kaine!
Yes, that's what's totally wrong & inhumane about Trump, he's only ever seen one side to Healthcare & that's the big tax cuts & name change.
It's never been about the American people he could care less.
What a SNOWFLAKE, is your mommy still wiping your nose. Time to grow up.
This witholding payments is illegal. Impeach
Trump thought being president would give him ultimate power and he was wrong that's not how our country works. He's only out for him self
You know damn straight he did this he doesn't care about the people of u.s only him self . He needs to go
Fight fire with Fire. These politicians like Tim Kaine sit back and enjoy being exempt from the ACA. Time to pay the piper. Repeal of else!
Especially those in Congress who would lose thei 70% subsidies. #ObamaCare
Since when did that bother him and his minions?
Isn't there anyway to stop him?
What do you think he has been trying to do?
Politics of HATE Hurts!
Obamacare is already hurting American families.
What does trump care ? He said he  would not do this and here he is  he is the biggest loser . Never should he be hurting America SAD
Oh such a little mind you is,  law is: you in office are to have the same care you dumped on us who are your employers. stop being a duffus
Bill Clinton is a Rapist
Is this legal?
He has already admitted to blowing up the ACA. He needs to be stopped. People will die because of his stupidity.
By purposefully sabotaging the ACA , @POTUS is admitting the health care system is working and he is full of hot air. #ACA #Obamacareworks
The same way Republicans have been doing it since the ACA passed. States not expanding Medicare, lying about it to gullible people, etc.
He doesn't care
.... and failing to carry out the laws of the land in violation of his sworn oath of office
#1 Viral Video REMIX Alex Jones Living Meme Explosion / Super Deluxe / B... https://youtu.be/tPTrIK0i7b4  via @YouTube
@politico Greed Over People  = GOP
When are you going to investigate Debbie Wasserman Schultz and DNC?
So can we just go to our local police department and sign the warrant for a death threat? Or should we take this to the FBI?
The stiffer and chief

I agree with you Senator Kaine
Isn't that called blackmailing for votes?
The ACA was built to be a stepping stone to single payer. It is not what Americans want Senator. In your final 18 mos work w/ the GOP
I think you mean "when he does this", or "if he is allowed to do this" - he certainly seems willing to default on legal obligations.
It's been his goal since the campaign trail !  Wake up Democrats!!!
That's a Violation Of Fed. ACA Law-He can attempt to violate Law but he's facing another Crim. Obstruction charge for Writing Jrs Lie.
THANK HEAVEN FOR  SOME INTELLEGENT LIFE FORMS.
Actually, he can't stop the payments. Requires an act of Congress, which he won't get. Can't stop with an ED.
Tim you know this was some shady deal frim obama the executive branch has no right to hand out this money but if o did it it's fine

Isn't sabotaging an existing law illegal???
Why support a failed sydtem
Why would pig @realDonaldTrump uphold the law? He continually proves he believes he is above it. #SaveACA

Trump is shutting down ACA call centers. He's trying to MAKE it fail, making it harder to get coverage on purpose. http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/20/trump-administration-scraps-obamacare-signup-assistance-in-18-cities.html …
If he does this, after the senate's actions, it is impeachment time. Enough is enough.
Senator I'm tired of reading on his foolishness what are y'all doing to get him all all dem out?
Don't you get it Senator. He doesn't care about the working  people of this Country.
@POTUS does not care
First time I've said this without so much as a hint of sarcasm.... So what's new?! trump sabotages ALL except his rich cronies. #IMPEACH
You talk of sabotage, isn't that what you did to all hard working American citizens when you passed obamacare without reading it?
I dont put it past him. I said so when O'care first defeated.
What's the recourse if he does???
Hold him accountable!!!!
Nah Timmy, only you folks in the swamp!
They're doing it now, minus the announcement!
Not even one tweet about #Venezuela shame on you!
Watch for prices to go up, then DJT will pay out executive bonuses from taxpayer funds. The prices won't go down. Collusion of the ugliest
#DerHorrorClown is a vindictive criminal.
As if he cares! Its a reality game for him! No one cares about real people
Trump must be impeached for the good of We The People!
Of course he is!
True. But he has no concern for anyone but himself.
Well if we pay $1 a month by the time we're 70 we'll have quite the nest egg! Of course, he doesn't care. He doesn't understand what it is.
Appreciate ur work, Mr. Kaine! Ur no wuss!!
Does this constitute not supporting the laws of the US?
Come on Tim! Don't be so timid! Light him up!  He's trying to screw the country, causing untold misery & financial hardship. 1M Jobs gone
He would be intentionally harming citizens. #DerelictionOfDuty
#45 only loyal to himself a very vindictive man void of humanity morals ethics integrity compassions without ALLEGIANCE to help US is MAD
Sounds like Tim Kaine to me!
Hey Timmy isn't it time you got LASSIE and went away?
Can we as American citizens sue for his disobeying the law?
Timmy! You helped sell us bad medicine. You have no standing to complain about anything. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Why is your senate office considered a "small business"? Y do u & your staffers get subsidies 2 offset 75% of your premiums? Can I work 4 u?
He needs to take away your slushfund and close the IRS loophole that allows you to claim small business status.
He would not be upholding the law. Isn't that a problem??!!
It's all on him too.
You are full of crap. Your ilk passed a fundamentally flawed law that screwed we the people
Exactly. What is it called when an elected official deliberately & maliciously sabotages the laws he has sworn to uphold?
I can't express how much I wish U were the US VP right now! Yr honesty, integrity, faith & patriotism R seen, thank U 4 it. Keep fighting! 
Wouldn't that be illegal?
Sir, Trump doesn't care. The Gop  doesn't care.
It should be an impeachable offense
That is one thing it should be called impeachable offense
trumps like most Repugs purposely sabotaging Obama care out of spite. PO said tweak it & call it something else I just want y'all 2b covered
The GOP are completely defined by their disinterest in governance at any level. This should be the theme for all opposition activity.
Do you really think he cares? He's only out to get a win 
What are you worried about him cutting your 70+% subsidies on your healthcare. Your ACA only works with throwing taxpayer money at it.#FixIt
Unfortunately that doesn't seem to deter him.
It's going to take the deaths of trump supporters due to lost healthcare coverage for them to understand that he is NOT ON THEIR SIDE.
No surprise trumps hurt people it's what they do consistently.
Hello father of violent person(s), #ACA is already sabotaging the healthcare system. You're just "too stupid" to know it.
Did he?
Yes @timkaine , tits his nature . He told police to brutalize suspects, he asked Russia to help him win, he dishonered a gold star family.
He just wants a win! He's a loser! Doesn't care how much people will suffer. He'll blame Dems because he is so perfect & smart. #25th
These payments are unconstitutional
@timkaine By advocating, you are violating your oath to uphold the constitution (guess your words mean nothing)
Is it actually legal for him to take this action?
He already is purposefully sabotaging it
I would change that to "when", he's so petty & upset that he's not "winning" he doesn't care who he hurts unfortunately.
Hopefully all of congress goes on Obamacare
So Senator, don't let him do this.
I know 45's looking for a war. Withholding insurance payments would start one.
Can't wait for Congress and Senate to be forced to take ACA
These same Dem fear tactics,used for almost 60 yrs now,aren't aging well.
We're expecting him to do this - he's a petty, vile vindictive person who'll tear things down when he doesn't get his way.
Vindictive. Vindictive is my rates going up in November 2 32% more than my already $1250 a month. And $10,000 deductible
Do yo think he cares? Isn't Ocare the law can he do it legally?
But it's Obama's health care system. Trump can't be held responsible for it's failings. He's too busy winning! #fail #sarcasm #fml
@politico @realDonaldTrump What is it with the GOP & their cruelty to their constituents?
Trump is a very evil person.  He will never respected.   He could careless if he hurts Americans
ELAINE YOU GOT THAT RIGHT..SO TRUE
Two snowflake millennials, brainless and clueless. Only these people can agree withTim Kaine
That's literally Trump's MO
Tim isn't smart eough to send tweets.. Who is behind him sending these tweets? Does it matter? Guess not!! Both are stupid.
The best thing that could happen for healthcare is for the government to get totally out of it.  Prices have doubled and people killed.
Is sabotage ACA violation of oath of office? Const-Responsibilities of President: "he shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed."
And also breaking his oath of office to "faithfully execute the law"...
YES YES YES
So ur saying that Obamacare is so bad that it has to have taxpayer $ to survive? What about all the ppl hurting that don't get subsidies?
Very true. That is how bad he wants to end #ObamaCare bipartisanship is needed to fix this.
And you think that would bother him?
At this point, he is not a leader of our country, just self serving and vindictive.
Amen
It's AFFORDABLE CARE ACT! The law! The gop
demeans it by calling it Obamacare(the black man)! STOP USING THAT TERM! ACA! it's the LAW!
It's like 'facts' for them: "there's a law? - no thank you !"
GET EM TIM! HE DID SAY HE WAS GOING TO DO THAT!
oh...like that's something new.
Throw the bum in jail already!!!
No he isn't. He just putting you on the same level playing field as the rest of Americans. Since when do Senators think they are better?
Don't be silly.. they are Govt employees and they have different insurance than the rest of Govt employees. Let's get real about it.
Trump loves money not people.
But mor so, T luvs all the assiciated chaos. He's prob laughin @ the thousands of reporters/ investigators thinkin bout him. Heaven fer him!
We know. But, this is something he would do. Doesn't care about the people.
I pray to GOD he does. Maybe you dickbags will DO something for a change.
Hang a fried chicken/french fry mobile outside his window he'll get distracted.
https://www.axios.com/aca-marketplace-insurers-2443470064.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=infographic&utm_term=healthcare …

Blatant lie. Try again.
Sickening. And thank goodness we have so many people fighting.
I don't want him fighting for Obama care. In Delaware as of November 2016 we receive notice our rates go up 32% my deductible 10,000
I have a family of four my rates are $1250 a month. With a 32% increase forget about groceries
At the least, highly unethical.  And kind of a crappy thing to do in general.
