Acting FBI director McCabe confirms Russia investigation "highly significant."
U.S. doesn't need a President undermining law enforcement or Trump Administration officials lying
The country deserves a special prosecutor now to get to the bottom of Trump / Russia connections
Ok Chicken Little #chickenlittle
And you're still not VP, you petty little man. #Backtoworksenator  .
Uh... Just because CNN said it doesn't make it true tool...
LIES and more lies. No credibility. How embarrassing.
How soon we forget our previous president's (and staff) lies.
there has been NO ONE who can compare on lies than donnie. Delusional.
Who's the delusional one?  You have a short memory
It u made that up. Because your mad nobody wanted u in the White House.
that is obstruction of justice and sessions has committed perjury, they all have to go , lets get to this Tim.
So maybe it's time to serve Donnie a tall, cool glass of impeachment. 
You realize how bad of idea that is. Who will take his place?
I'd prefer Pence over Donnie any day. Don't agree with his politics, but he's far more mentally stable.
Kinda proving My point
I don't agree with Donnie's politics either, but if we're stuck with a R for 4 years, I'd prefer one who won't start WW3 with a tweet.
The Thing he is really not a republican.enen in his policy's for the majority of the time. He should of bean independent
Well he's working with Paul Ryan & R's in Congress, so call him what you want, he's a Republican.
No I understand exactly what your saying. But do you think he fits the republican agenda. I don't!
SNL skit nimwit
That is fake news, Senator.
This is sad. But what's even more sad? That the voters let this happen. If only they'd listened when you guys tried to tell them.
Just simply reprehensible.
Trump said that he wanted the investigation over, it was going on so long. Per McCabe, investigation will continue. That is how it works.
hey sore loser get your facts straight.
2 DAYS?!  Where have YOU been for the last 4 months?
AND... gets away with it AGAIN. You can't make this stuff up. If this were Hillary?
We all knew ...
Do something about it.  Appeal to your colleagues to be American FIRST and save our democracy!
Are we really surprised though?
He was never fit to run any country. It's obvious to me that if you have enough money, any idiot can buy even the presidency!
I think it was obvious to the entire country why he fired comey. By now, everyone including the denier  must realize what TRUMP is. A fool !
Please senator Kaine. Trump needs to be impeached for the sake of the US.
Everyone with half a brain knew that was the real reason
Yes. No question. Now the question is does the senate have the political will and the courage to do the right thing.
Impeachment NOW
Then w/ Russians being investigate!!! TREASON
He's destroying our democracy
He didn't destroy the democracy. The people who voted for him did that just fine.
Time to start using the "I" word.
Can we just start impeachment? How much more do we need? #ImpeachTrump #VeteransResist #VetsAgainstTrump
I would say EVIDENCE of an impeachable offense. Lying to you staff is what you guys are putting forth?
Why did you think you needed to be the USA's 48th consecutive white male VP?  Did you ever believe you were picked bc you were best?
Pls don't use my tweets or RTs to attack ppl I respect like @timkaine. Do that on your own
I will attack Tim Kaine's execution of 5 Black people each and every time I see his name, regardless of the context.
Hey it's not uncommon for people to be fired for pissing off their bosses.  Russia did not influence my vote, Hillary did.
IMPEACH!!!!
#WhiteyHouse has become a #TrumpulsiveLiarsClub
Stop talking and DO SOMETHING!  At least show some genuine anger.  You are my Senator and I expect you stop being nice.  Get mean!
Now he needs to admit to everything else! Makes you wonder how many lies president grapefruit has told!
Definitely not as many as the previous president.
He's unhinged! The man has lost it. He's mentally unstable
Please impeach him already
So when can impeachment proceedings begin? #obstructionofjustice
And then threatens him with blackmail.
Obstruction of justice = impeachment!
Time Trump gets "Fired" this is not a reality show!
Not so Kaine
Doh.  As uf we didn't know. Now wahatta we gonna do about it?
'a leopard cannot change its spots'
Time for impeachment.
@BrettArends trump admitted nothing! Tim lies like a clinton!
Reminder: Russian foreign minister mocked our country on camera on hallowed ground. Congress is not outraged. #ImpeachTrumpNow #Impeach45
His quote didn't admit to such, actually, he said in the interview that he wasn't being investigated.  But you go ahead and continue the lie
Weren't you the VP candidate for someone known for regularly lying to the public and probably to Congress? Pot, kettle...you know the saying
We need to begin impeachment proceedings NOW. Every MOC should be on record as to where they stand. #ImpeachTrumpNow #Impeach45
Make up your mind, just recently you wanted Comey fired. There is no collusion, if there was it was between Russia and Hillary.
What are you doing about it?  #DoSomething #FAIL #Resist #ImpeachTrump
well Senator it seems there is a pox of lies on both parties

Did he? Yesterday he say it was bcuz Comey was nasty to Hillary.  Did you believe that nonsense?
I don't
We have no laughter left. There is only the Darkness.
#ImpeachTrump ... is thus country really this uneducated? If the Amercian people can't trust our , how do we expect foreign leaders too?
Congrats.  Your record lying for months is still intact
But that's what he does!! So now that investigation needs intensive investigation.
Does this qualify at obstruction of justice?
He also threatened comey against leaking the evidence. Proof of guilt while obstructing justice all publicly on Twitter.  Lock HIM up please
#ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence
Only thing strange here is that he admitted it BUT we all know he didn't realize it at the time •••---•••
We need "tapes" trump making on ppl immediately!!  Congress immediately request tapes Trump is making and there should be immediate search
Now it appears he's threatening Comey about leaking ! We're very concerned.
And today threatened him. And yet, still our president. What the heck is Congress doing to stop the destruction of our country?
So what he is the POTUS he is allowed to hire and hire who he wishes. Obama did the same. U ppl have no stands except for double standards
This is sad for our nation.. White House in disarray!
Fake news from sore loser
Counting on you! Glad you are my senator! #Impeach45
Two days of Whitehouse lies?  lol. That's a good one.
When will we get those infrastructure plans ?  Lots of folks need those jobs this summer.  Any ideas??
So senator... what's next? He's admitted to it. Why no impeachment talk?
The slow unraveling of Trump!
What else is knew, Tim?  Trump, the Liar in Chief!  SMH!  @_@
and what r u a politician u poor thing
Perhaps you should go back and read the statement again. In English, this time.
let's hope he really did tape his conversations with Comey. Trump, on tape obstructing justice. Please!
Lock him up!
We have the lie House and the winter lie House.
And he admits to asking he on three occasions if 45 is being investigated- Tim these are clearly impeachable events
Trump impeached after 100 plus days of White House lies?
Trump is dangerous to our democracy and an embarrassment to the office he holds, time for Republicans to put country over party.
How did he not break the law?? #VOTE2018 is more important than ever!
please make sure we have good hlthcare for all!  This can be done!Y are they making it so hard? Ind hlthcare exp to go up 27%va
Sore Loser!
How many tax payer dollars are you fools going to waste on this Russia crap ???
And now he is threatening Comey on twitter. He is unwell and I fear for our country. Please find a few GOP w integrity and impeach.
Get him, @timkaine !!
It's time for Impeachment.
Obstruction of justice! #ImpeachNow
Fake news alert
Please tell us what is being done to stop this abuse of power.  I'm not the only citizen who wants to know.
And how he's threatening Comey!
Wow amazed of how twisted
Misleading and twisting the statement. Thank God u aren't VP, u can't be trusted to tell us the truth
Do something Tim... this can't continue
LOL. Now this is funny.
Surprise! The orange head strikes again!  He can not tell the difference between what is true and his made up bull$hit lies!
You would be all for it if Clinton would be president and fired Comey.
Isn't obstruction of justice a crime? Wouldn't that justify impeachment on its own?
How many @realDonaldTrump associates does it take to screw in a dim Russian lightbulb b4 we all see signs of #collusion ?#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
how would you suggest citizens put more pressure on the GOP? Rep. Comstock is my district. Getting alarmed by the lack of action.
Lester Holt done a great job this morning.  Interrogating trump...
...and now he just admitted to WIRETAPPING former @FBI director. Things that make you go....
Maybe it's time we started trusting our instincts about his motives & his ambition to become an authoritarian like those he admires so much
Now he wants 2 stop having Press Briefing's! How long r we going 2 allow @realDonaldTrump continue 2 destroy our country?
Send your son to protest
WHO ARE YOU????   R U even significant
I have lost faith in our government to do the right thing he should be long gone by now
Finally a valid post  I said the same thing 8 years ago.
I forgot about this clown. Somehow more delusional than bernie and Warren put together.
what does our children think to see and hear the president of the United States lie and gets by w it Y should I get punished if I lie.
This is obstruction!
#obstructionofjustice
We still love you !!!  Higher office awaits!
Keep resisting and fighting for us. Impeach Trump and his allies.
He wanted loyalty not someone uphold the Constitution! 
#ImpeachTrump
This is a sad day for USA having not only the @POTUS being a liar but the WH staffed with serial liars including the VP @VP.
And the @GOP could care less. Because, power 
So true @Reince @SpeakerRyan
This is obstructing justice. McConnell will let our republic go down so he can pass his agenda? What is HE hiding?
Yes, get them out, Charge them, Obstruction, Treason, Lock them all up, before they irreparably injure US!
You Sir are a......
And think, Your inclusion on the ticket helped Hillary lose to this idiot.
Obstruction of justice. Impeachable!
Referring to the Holt interview? I'm not sure he outright admitted it but there's plenty from that i'view to question. How much longer?!
Senate needs to ramp up the investigation and tell the American people the truth. Comey needs to testify in public about dinner with POTUS!
Where's Hillary?
#WeNeedAnIndependentInvestigation #WeNeedASpecialProsecutor
That's a lie. That was not admitted
And Pence said "he fired Comey at the RIGHT TIME" !!!!!!!!!!! Couldn't have picked a worse time
Come on Tim ,Trump lies every day.....
"Lies" - Glad you're finally using that word
Comey was a judge first, left,  switched to corporate world got paid $20M in 7 years, used his money to get FBI job. He bought the job.
He just wants to hide everything up, so he proves that he's still fit to run this country. 

Guess what, not smart. And not wise, either.
Trump was, is, and always will be a fraud.
IMPEACH.


Yet Another Bullshit Story.
