Trump attacks mayor of San Juan: 'They want everything to be done for them' http://politi.co/2fyw24i  

AMERICA can trust the DEMOCRATS to build social programs we need NOT TAKE AWAY OUR SERVICES.
Wonderful fired civil servants including not pictured tRUMP.

You appear to be a nice person What are you & others missing about Trump?He is from Queens NY Get his mentality please Polite won't work him
Hard to say what's more embarrassing. Comments by the unbalanced President or the delusional Trumpies. Sad. #PuertoRicoRelief
They parrot what he says he has them brainwashed like a cult to believe ONLY he tells the truth
Once again you expose your own ignorance.
FEMA was positioned in Puerto Rico BEFORE Maria hit.
Stop politicizing the suffering of Americans.
Including Democrats!
#WhatHappened 3Mil More Votes & No Victory. Iron Lady Praises Free Market, Blames Labour for Misogyny & Deceit; May https://www.c-span.org/video/?416282-1/theresa-may-addresses-conservative-partys-annual-conference …
Our difficulties in responding is a symptom to our federal government not being prepared to assist our citizens.
Hillary needs to stop pointing finger why she lost. She cheated, lied and rigged the primaries against @BernieSanders that is why she lost.
#impeachTrumpnow for derelection of duty. Sabotage ACA signup/funding/fail #PuertoRicoRelief #TrumpRussiaInvestigation Why is he still here?
POTUS extremely divisive & hateful. Destroying USA by piece. My heart breaks 4 our youth, as he opposes all values taught in good homes .
I agree with this!! Trump is letting Americans suffer and die while he plays golf!!  It's pitchfork time.
Shouldn’t your profile say snowflake instead?
Tim, I don't know what you do with your fingers but I know where your thumb is.
Quit adding to the false narrative, timmy
@realDonaldTrump is taking the only action he knows. A racist misogynistic divisive attack while people are dying and he is playing golf.
Maybe you should ask why the PR Teamsters aren't showing up for work!
Those code words again. Which they never use, unless in reference to minorities "they" , " them"
Add " those people",
PR's should try to help themselves instead of waiting around for someone to do everything for them! MAGA! STOP FREELOADING DEM POLICY! MAGA!
Actually you and the Democrats need to stop instructing the democratic mayor in Puerto Rico on slamming the POTUS for your stupid agenda.  Our POTUS is doing a great job
Where are your resources?
Hillary needs to take responsibility and stop her own finger pointing for the biggest political loss since Dewy
Service before self is a core value of our military.  Too bad the Commander-in-Chief has NO concept as he plays through the PR tragedy.
Commander in chief never served. Heel spur..you know?
We need to get this so called POTUS OUT of office and all REPUBLICANS that are up running in 2018-2020! We need to get back on track!
It would really be nice if his twitter account were frozen he wouldn't 
have a stage to throw out fake news, ignite his base into unrest
This is bull shit.sanora gang euth michettis threatening rape blacks porn under age girls wheres the wall trump
You need to support your Commander in Chief.  There are 78 Mayors in Puerto Rico, only one is saying anything negative.  Doesn't that tell you something.
Suck it up Senator we know the truth, the truckers are on strike Fema and military are doing everything they can
Maybe you and the #cliintonfoundation should actually contribute.  What is it now, ZERO dollars.  Saving it for son's bail money?
What resources haven't been deployed? Oh --- you lost.
Wondering where @VP Milquetoast Mike is, wishing you were the Vice President, Senator.
Typical liberal tactic....make every crisis an oportunity for criticism of the right. As one american ........SICKOFIT !
TRUMP NEEDS TO BE STOPPED. ELECTION WAS RESULT OF RUSSIA.
He wants poor, non-white people to die, and so do his followers. Doesn't anyone understand that? THEY DON'T CARE.
No Trump--they want what other Americans in Texas & Florida got without begging. It's not like you didn't have 2x to practice before Maria.
Tim, DT needs to take responsibility. Something he's never done.
Then get your butt down there
Great advice from a loser !!!!!!!!!!!1
You and Hillary would be so intuitive in this and all situations. Thankful you both are keeping your voices heard!
He needs to #ResignImmediately
Typical response from the powerless party that lost. That can't figure out which bathroom to use. Ha ha really screwed up.
He attacks because he knows he is in the wrong; or his ego is so big there is no room for others. Either way he is not presidential material
Hey @timkaine , and you need to stop playing politics,and go to Puerto Rico and feed the people with your own money.
Obviously no one actually watches real news!  How have you managed to hypnotize thousands is beyond me.  Virginians need to "wake up"
Run for President Tim!!!!!  It's URGENT!!  We need a a good candidate! We can't risk LOOSER trump to be POTUS again!

Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the U.S. Virgin Islands who stated that #FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
#heisnotfit
45 doesn't have a clue about what he should be doing for the American People . He only cares about cheating his way through life . #Maria

Tim, could you please list out for us all the things you have personally done to help people in Puerto Rico?
Why complain about trump.  You are lawmakers. If you don't like it change the law.
You asshole politicians need to work with the president instead of against.
We need a leader and he hasn't been that.  Someone needs to take over and get our country back now!
25th
Amen, Mr. Kaine
This is sickening.
Timmie. Where is Clinton & her foundation? No gov't contracts for her to steal from while Trump is in office. Haiti still a disaster. #MAGA
What are you doing about the Jones Act?
He needs to be removed from office. He's demonstrated over & over that he's unqualified & floundering. He's ruining the U.S. Stop him.
Amen than senator kaine
Why do you work on passing health care reform!!!
this is the definition of Bigotry and Misogyny / #45 is Not Human definitely sociopathic! HOW do we Fire him ?
The #SCROTUS is a world-class prick! He cares nothing abt PR. Just goaded by bad press to do the minimum. Heart attack on hole #18 please!
My God, he is the WORST WORST #WORST POTUS EVER! Seriously, HOW did this happen to our once great country? Embarrasing and dangereous.
You need to support FEMA and the Pres. Better than obama ever did.
"Quick action" 2 wks late is already inaction that has resulted in yet-uncounted deaths, he's responsible minimally of negligent homocide
Why is anyone surprised by this incompetent, heartless, petty, selfish white supremist?   Trump's behavior doesn't surprise me anymore!
DJT's tweets reveal a seriously sick, egomaniacal narcissistic delusional blowhard w/maturity of 4 yr old. He's incapacitated! #ImpeachTrump
@timkaine can Congress step in and allocate funds or take any other action?
Except he has a golf game to play!!  #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Don't you have to bail your kid out of jail?
Did you send your professional protestor son? Sure he needs a job
The Senate needs to come together and remove him from office .
IRONIC retoric coming from someone who expects TAXPAYERS to support his Personal Golf OutingsSICK SICK HOMBRE!
He's such a nasty & dangerous man. He'll do nothing 4 US/world other than bring disaster & destruction-though not b4 giving himself 1.3 b $s
@politico we know now why he did not acted immediately, Racist! Is not them it is us, all one nation under God! All US Citizens!
He is not capable of that how long will it take for people to figure that out????
working in the Senate with the republicans should be yours. I am ashamed to have you as my Virginia Senator. Get work done.
Tweeting at him seems like a failsafe way of getting something positive accomplished.
And USVI
Congress needs to circumvent the racist obstructionist and send the required resources.
Then why did You Democrats vote against giving tax breaks to the victims of Harvey , Irma and Maria Hypocrites Capitalizing / tragedies 
The buck stops everywhere but with him.
Typical top dog business attitude.
Sorry but he's got a point . The demo whack mayor complaining but look at the supplies behind her . Pr help your freaking self .
Coming from a ,sorry what are you?
He is a racist!!!
You're all lazy as he'll, no morals, paid to protest so many hippos
Here’s the thing, he’s not really the president. The election was a sham and that makes him illegitimate. And he’s unfit. RemoverTrump
You should STOP RACE BAITING Tim Kaine. It takes TIME TO COMPLETELY REBUILD!!!
all you progressive alt left cooks do is blame others for your own faults, just like hilliar.
You and your colleagues in Congress, Dem and GOP alike, need to focus on removing this person from office. #UnfitToServe
So what are you donating to help, time , money, muscle? You're a joke
The real Son Of A Bitch in this whole equation is this so-called President who has shown time and again he doesn't care.IMPEACH HIM  NOW!
Kaine, you either need to stop watching Fake News or stop making up Fake News! @realDonaldTrump
This waste of oxygen has no iota of humanity within him. Disgusting!
You should also use all your resources to get that idiot out of the Oval Office
You should stop being so bitter that YOU lost. It's not very flattering.
No you need to impeach his ass out of office.
I saw one more reason he needs to be impeached!
That's like asking the dog to do your taxes..
Totally agree, but Trump is full of excuses and blame. #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
You're not making it any easier.
Easy for you to point the finger at the president. You should know how hard it is to bring resources to an island and how they need to help.
Do you job. You’re IN the senate. Move to let pentagon take ove #PuertoRicoReliefNOW then move to #ImpeachTrump
Please explain what the president hasn't done to justify your statement he needs to take "quick action"?
What else should we expect be looking back at past history?

Lazy PR's are dying cause they are too stupid to fend for theselves, want it all from government. They should have prepared better.
Congress needs to do more to pressure this asshole into doing something! #DoYourJob
The military is there...right now.  Don't believe the MSM. amazing how stories are rewritten to make the weak minded buy into an agenda
Simply pathetic, but completely expected, is the use of a natural disaster that has hurt so many by the leftists that hate this country.
The President is doing a great job for what he has to work with, nothing but badmouthing and criticism from losers.
When SJ Mayor is asked to put her needs in a written request she instead opts to do manual labor. She needs to MANAGE!!! It's HER JOB!
Where are their city workers? Why didn't the loudmouth major prepare better? Stock pile water, food and gas as we did in FL?

Why aren't you helping Tim? You speak their language. They don't want to learn ours, only want  the handouts.
Might be good for everyone to tune into @FEMA updates to get facts. Seems as though political spin has taken over.
https://www.facebook.com/FEMA/videos/10155301318684965/ …
Trump is doing exactly what the People want him to do and we are backing him.  Technically he babysits you corrupt politicians.
WTH are you mumbling about? He is the corruption!
All the Senate needs to come together and do something about this President, Enough is Enough 
Trump needs to be removed!  Americans are DYING!
Did you know the military is there, right now??
Might I ask what you are doing to help PR?  Nothing except opening your over paid mouth.. Right?
What have YOU done? He's trying to help as much as possible.
#PuertoRicanCrisis #PuertoRicanLivesMatter #Maria #ImpeachTrump .@GOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
https://twitter.com/loulachat/status/914140909226180608 …
Trump & family no better than a genocidal maniac.  @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump  Heartless.  Incompetent.
If this was New York...
Maybe the corrupt politicians of PR should have started taking action a long time ago to help the people instead of whining and crying
What can Congress do to get around the 2 year old in the WH? The people in #PuertoRico have no time for #PresidentialTantrums
How's your son doing?  Hiyaaaaaaaaaa
PUTZ TRUMP, YOU SHOULD TALK!
IT'S NO SURPRISE THAT A POS LIKE KAINE HAS SO MANY CLUELESS OPINIONS.... WHEN DID YOU STOP BEATING YOUR DAUGHTER.?
Who is the real son of a bitch?  He is!  Heartless.  Incompetent!!  Please, put effort into exposing his lack of empathy.
Why are my senators the epitome of useless?
Old Man Mitchell loosen up on the retweetimh from a Trump bashing mag
Senator Tim, do you still think there's a president in the WH? Nah...that bum is unfit to lead a household regardless of a nation.
Good point, but say that to HIM.  Not us.  HIM!  Attack him.  He deserves it. Speak directly to HIM!!!
STHU! All you & your kind ever do is point fingers. Whatever you're doing, you're accusing others of. Sickening!!!!! #GAMEOVER #NEANDERTHALS
He will never change.  He's is to old and his ego is to big.  What a shame he is inthe WH.  Does not represent me.
Maybe congress or the senate could pass an emergency bill?
@politico Maybe he should send a trump lane with trump water?
He can't take action, he's paralyzed by his twitter account.
He BLAMED YOU! He said DEMS made the mayor be mean to him! CALL HIM OUT! Stop playing nice. He's LETTING PPL DIE & blaming YOU DEMS!
Actions = Work, he never worked before. Why would he do it now? #ImpeachTrump
He needs to grow the f**k up, or Congress needs to remove him. You know which one is the only possibility.
Pretty funny coming from a man who ran for VP with a woman who took millions from Haiti relief funds
This man is an embarrassment to the nation and to the world. He is as incompetent as he is abusive.
SADISTIC!
You're a liar Kaine - just like your failed running mate and just like your deluded terrorist son
We have are u blind do u see ships food help
Then use the influence of Congress to force the President’s little hand and do something. Tweeting doesn’t help either.
Someone needs to step in and do something. Trump is obviously mentally ill. A normal human being doesn't act like this. We are in danger
The Republicans McConnell/Ryan own the president and their inaction speaks volumes.  They have passed zero legistation. #ImpeachtRumpNOW
Go offer your assistance, I hear they badly need truck drivers. @realDonaldTrump has been working hard for Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico
He doesn't know how. #Impeach45
What are you doing ass h
Reality: FEMA & military resources in PR b4 Irma. Cargo ships were there & on way ASAP -- it's an island w/closed ports & airports.
The shipping ports are clogged b/c PR is still imposing duty taxes on cargo not from govt. Can't move aid cargo. Get a damn clue & stop bs.
This is what America voted for. Wow, you all take ownership on this
He made it clear this AM: he blames the people of Puerto Rico for their suffering. He thinks they need to stop whining & take quick action.
Congressional action is needed. Your support to #ImpeachTrump is needed
To help Americans

Enough talk, Senator.  Impeach.
We have.  There are thousands there working while the mayor of San Juan and Dems play politics.  The supplies are sitting there.
All he does is point fingers, too often the middle one, day after day.
It was a racist attack. Please call it like it is!!
Trump is a complete piece of trash. He is so incompetent and unqualified. Seriously, he needs to be removed for the sake of the country!
Is he really the President? The investigation points to illegitimacy.
If we had a good leader that would be possible. Sadly what was elected was the vindictive, childish, narcissistic trump.
Senator, respectfully he's not. Senate needs to step out of its lane & take charge. Get McConnell on board or all Senate business stops.
Are you kidding? Repubs are loving this! All they see  is MORE  for them if they dont  use it on OTHERS-esp of COLOR or DEMOCRATIC! DIE!
O geez. Lol your nuts. So you're comfortable with all you need in life? No one listens to Dems anymore.
Bot blocked and reported.
Yes, providing we had a president that knew what he was doing!  Sad this is, we just don't. :(
YOU SHOULD SWIM TO PUERTO RICO TO HELP YOURSELF...AND TAKE CORRUPT HILLARY WITH YOU...RIDE A WHALE IF YOU CAN'T SWIM
