The resistance is real & has huge numbers! Won't they be surprised when republicans lose their next election?
Where are your calls for a Indep Committee to investigate Trump's Russian ties?  @Democrats must speak w/1 sustained voice.
no, actually it was the careless fraudulent rhetoric of progressive liars like you.
YES! Now use this momentum to get the dems working on bolstering ACA so it works for everyone. #ProtectOurCare
Bill Clinton said #Obamacare is the craziest thing in the world, thanks Tim, you ruined Healthcare
grow up!! @timkaine
DONALD TRUMP WILL PREVAIL! NEVER ANOTHER DUMBO-CRAT IN THE OVAL OFFICE AGAIN
with both GOP senate and congress, that clown couldn't get it done, he fooled you. Who is Dumb now?  @USAneedsTRUMP @timkaine
your welcome #resist #Indivisible @IndivisibleOH5 @OHDems  Again thank you, and I am glad to finally met you!!
OK, now get some spine about Gorsuch, OK?
Thank you Senator. Please consider running in 2 years!
glad you're still fighting for us.  Keep it up!
one looser to another looser ! Glad you have Tim Kaine fighting for you ! More humor
#indivisible has your back!  TY for having ours.  @indivisva8
But a full repeal of ACA would get the votes needed. REPEAL FULLY!!
@cheryltaylor204 #STRONGERTOGETHER

#WeThePeople CAN DO THIS!#KilledTheBill #Trumpfail #TrumpRussia #TheResistance #SVRAV
it didn't pass because its Obamacare lite
He didn't want that bill signed anyway. They can do better. Stop being a grinch.
That's right! Next step: filibuster Gorsuch. They stole that seat, and the Dems though it would be Clinton's. Consequences!
@scyeatts thank you, #theResistance is strong along w #WomensMarch #indivisible #AmericanSpring #KillTheBill folks
well said Sir! My sincere thanks to ALL those brave patriots who showed up at the Townhalls & raised hell! #TrumpCare #RESISTANCE
THE REAL PATRIOTS ARE THE ONES WHO WERE WORKING AND DIDNT HAVE TIME FOR TOWN HALLS U SNOWFLAKE #NEVERDUMBOCRAT
u people need to get this administration out of office b4 they do away with all evidence. #TrumpRussiaCollusion
@jrlion14 I wholeheartedly disagree Senator. The Speaker and his incompetence in The House brought this down. We had 0 to do w/ it
I believe it was a combination of factors. Their incompetence was certainly a large part of it, but public pressure helped.
Sure. I assume some in the house responded to their constituency. Let's see if we can do the same about his tax return.
first it was fake news and then russian hacks and now ur still talking about his tax return? Haha #whenucrywelaugh
So how happy are you going to be when the ACA implodes?  Time to work w/POTUS on healthcare that works, not just spends more $$.
@Destroy_ALEC  Please join the filibuster of Gorsuch. He would let a man freeze to death for corporate profits.
Rye Republicans wanted to pass it--knowing that 24 million people would lose their insurance...
We are everywhere. And will not back down. Go Hokies, too!
@TheAmerican22 which begs the question of why we need elected officials? Their job is to do just that.
and this country wouldnt be at such a failure if both the dems like u and the reps were actually ran by the people and not money!
Thank you!
Let's go after the insurance co now so they don't sabotage/explode Obamacare they are in bed wit DT let's fix Obamacare NOW!
Sorry but doesn't add up. DT only in office 2 months. Obamacare started implosion way before that.
Don't think so why would republicans /anyone vote to keep an"erupting volcano" is beyond me that doesn't make sense
There was no vote.
QUICK ANSWER
I think the bill was passed with a total of60 votes, The House passed the legislation with 219 votes
this is what makes America great!!
thank god the TRUMPDONTCARE bill failed.
...
We have to find a way to remove #Trump from office
true! Calling house members appears to have helped some of the GOP grow a spine.
I so wish you and HRC would have won, but a silver lining in the Trump disaster is, many of us became more engaged.
IT'S JUST THE WE WILL FIGHT BACK ON ALL WRONGS
Civil war is coming and it will be ugly, National Socialist/Neo-fascist/regressive/elitist liberals & freeloaders vs what's left of America.
proud to be one of them.
#TrumpCare big failure was based on Trump's desire. It wasn't based on American people need
@CathyWentzel I grew up in Overland Park. Proud of you homeboy!
well you demoncrates own obama care its your baby all the way ! The american ppl well see how inept you really are.
Thays for damn sure. We're where the action is now. We're done with you crooks and clowns. #ENOUGH
.@timkaine And the inability to overcome Russian coup that gave HRC and you the shaft. #Resist #Russia
You're welcome even though I am one I met hundreds along the peaceful protest marches God Bless America right to march
@The_John_Powers and even some non-American people!
@SherAzona Thank You, Vice President!!
I appreciate everyone who called!!! Sadly, it seems as thought my NC reps do not seem to care who calls unless it is Trump.
how do we get to the bottom of the Russian scandal. We need answers now
@cheryltaylor204 #ResistanceIsWorkingHard #ResistanceAlwaysWins
Trump's tweets didn't win him#Trumpcare failure two days back to back.Thought he had ultimate tweeter power?He's no winner at all.
thank you Senator.  Stand for something or fall for trump
obama care is failing...that's on u!
But your dead on questioning of DJT nominee's inspired us to keep it simple, on point, and deadly accurate. Facts do matter! 
If useless chair sitters like you would push single payer this would have been a done deal 6 years ago.
Mr Kaine, it's time for you throw you hat in for the President of the United States
Today Americans took back control of The Senators and Representatives choices-the Way it should be.We The People...
Thank God for the courageous legislators who said NO to the pressure to pass a half baked solution
Thank You for always standing up against hate and standing for what is true and just and fair for all Virginians @LoveIndivisible
 tysm senator kaine we the people gave it all we got!
what are you going to do to fix the current system??    It's failing and has to be fixed.  #kainekare
thank you! But we owe a debt to dems and moderate republicans in the house who held firm & listened to the people
ACA is still not perfect.  Please help make it better for all.
it failed for more reasons than that. But yes!
Those phone calls, letters and emails do count. Congratulations to the active citizens who made this happen.
When the #RESISTANCE fights and the Dem leaders have guts, we win. @car_donovan @timkaine
@realDonaldTrump tweets:
"This never would have happened if I was president of Russia"
thank you for your service!
This was nothing to trump-he's making enough sewer rat deals w/russia while in WH he could care less about this
Thanks to you and all of your colleagues who worked so hard to #ProtectOurCare
AMEN tyj
Thank you!   It's nice to get a victory.   I'll be back on the phone Monday morning.
America needed a true leader like @SenSanders to help lead this charge! #trumpfailedAmerica @realDonaldTrump @VP #TheResistance
My premium went up 300% last mth. If that's because I'm supposed to help pay for other people how does it help if I can't pay it?
thanks. Now, we need to stop these nasty fossil fuel pipelines, please.
. So, what happens when Ocare fails?
and we are not done yet.  We will fight for our rights. Virguliance
Time now 2 call,write,email,text or go 2 town halls to tell Congress we can't confrm SCOTUS justice amid this mess.
@monicasloves fuck that RU insane? The same stupid people put this clown in the WH. #Snollygoster #TreeHugger
he's talking about the resistance people
all the resistance people are #TreeHuggers same kind as #Deplorables
GOD bless each and every one  of them , GOD Bless America , and trump will go down as the WORST president in history
Thank you sir for fighting for America!
@RealEthanHunter you mean we the people didn't want to lose our medical coverage duh
Bullshit. It wouldn't have happened if the more vicious GOP members of the House had stuck by the less awful, and voted "Yes".
All the activism out there wouldn't have done shit if all @GOP members accepted the garbage #AHCA as it was and rammed it through.
We Democrats were simply outnumbered. Only the arrogance of the more extreme GOPers kept the #Republicans from outvoting us.
u celebrate early. Bill is still around.
yes we can
thank you for being a voice of compassion and sanity for the American people.
We are empowered
VA thanks you for your hard work! 
absolutely Senator and we must Thank you we know it was a lot of pressure but We the People won
thank you to all the were going to vote against it.
But we cannot rest on our laurels - the bad crap is barely started.
what do we do about. This revised ban and the Va judge?
@blndvmpyr #StopPresidentBannon
@queerthoughts but mostly it was the House Freedom Caucus and they're not done yet.
so my health insurance still there ??  great !!
Yassss
thanks for visiting my work, @_CHKD today. It's a great place to work and has a tremendous impact on the health in HR @Jlwycoff
@brendajoanneWY YES, and Trump can blame the Democrats.  We are not tired of winning.
I'll gladly accept blame...it kills me that he thinks this is an insult. Like calling us liberals.
I am 100%  libtard and proud of it. I was born that way.
@brendajoanneWY DEMS take ur victory round and then work to help make #ObamacareBetter
You tweet more than POTUS

I can't wait until obamacare comes crashing down
I'm in VA-2 so I can sleep at night b/c of you & @MarkWarner . Thankful.
yes sir, but worrisome that Rs fell apart b/c it wasn't cruel enough for them.  Work not done.  We persist.
indeed  and th those who serve all of US in Washington 
The same people who is killing the country by pushing obamacare? How many people should work to pay for the rest?

No Timmy, u and the Dems! Watch when Obamacare fails then you will see what activism is when the people start kicking ur ass!
amen
Failing to repeal Obamacare is an American failure. Less choice, coverage, and the sky is the limit on premiums.
you are so correct!!!!
And you, Mr Kaine, are part of the failure to serve all of your constituents. ObamaCare is a failure too.
YES!  Now let's improve ACA!  #ONWARD #GOHIGH #persist
Thank you for standing up against #Trumpcare
Go to the White House on Monday and call his bluff re working with Dems. to fix ACA. #LetsDoThis .
yes!!
great day in America!!
Time to work them to show the way. Single payer system.
don't underestimate the power of a really shitty bill
Haha. Way off. It was freedom caucus only. Dems own the imploding Obamacare. Good luck with that.
A victory against a lying unpopular Dictator! Now let's work on impeachment
Thank you.  Too important to not be proactive.
I hope that's the case and not merely an issue of the ultra right and the moderate right not being able to compromise.
Glad to have been one of those people. It felt hopeless for a lot of days. I am soooo happy.
Called, emailed, and tweeted my Senators and Congressman daily to make sure they were representing the people who sent them to DC
People have had enough! Maybe even his supporters are waking up.
keep dreaming. Your party lOST

you said if your Kaine for all you do
of course and it's called resistance
Now is time for dems to make proposal to work with GOP to improve Obamacare.
This is awesome but we still have much to do  :)
The resistance gave us a huge sweet victory, I'm glad #Trumpcare was torpedoed and destroyed, Obamacare lives.  #Obamacare
Thank you. Pharmaceutical and ins  company's need to stop making $ at OUR expense. They need limits now! Stop being afraid.
we did it!!  I will remain vigilant!!
Now let's work in a bipartisan way on perfecting the ACA.
They listen to us on this but not the Russia involvement
We couldn't afford to have trumpcare
you got that right! We sure can not count on congress or senate to do the right thing!
thank you for fighting for and with us senator!
keep an eye on republicans they will try 2 destroy aca any way they can
will they try to sneaky vote it in later though?
#theResistance is REAL and powerful!
I am so grateful to all the @HouseDemocrats Dems, and, yes, those specific @HouseGOP that said no and sided with the American people
@JadeJensen29 @timkaine @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP   Bless their hearts, may their food baskets never empty
Thank you for your efforts on our behalf. Obama Care saved my life.
lots hope the Republicans will come to the table and help improve and repair  ACA ... let US hope!
Great day. Dems need to bring the party back to the people. Get corporate $ out of it and keep winning. #readytokeepwinning
@marcylauren
So grateful for your leadership & integrity! Thank you Senator @TimKaine!
Jesus isn't. They forget he said whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers that you do unto me.
maybe you can help me pay my $1000 a month premium increase for 2017? I'd be wary of gloating
And for the help of Dems in Congress!
Did I or didn't I hear No 45 do a "Thanks Obama".  I agree Senator.  The people really rallied here.
Thank you Senator Kaine and Mark Warner for standing up for the residents of Virginia, like myself, who need Obamacare!
amen amen!!!! 
and you!  Thank you Senator!!!
Now we  need to take the seats of the freedom caucus. Rand Paul needs to go. They have cold hearts. They are everything
and we are not done !
#singlepayer now
Hallelujah!!
Oh, we are woke as shit! We won't go away and we won't let bullies win.

thanks for your hard work, Sen! Yes I may weep a little on the inside when I see your face but I appreciate your hard work!
Senator @timkaine, I´m journalist at the International News Channel @NTN24, we´re interested in an interview with you about this...
No.  It failed because of the large block of Republicans who thought it wasn't horrible enough.
Democracy Rules! Power to the people!
Resting this weekend. #resist will continue on Monday. #notogorsuch
& hard work of so many who don't depend on it on behalf of those of who do! Thankful for everyone's help! House Dems/Moderate GOP
@MTPDailyTweets 
Axis of Evil: Trump Pence Ryan defeated.
American people won why would you want Democratic help you drop poor and elderly Obamacare is the law of the land shame on Ryan
if it was @HillaryClinton today she would have announced amendments to reduce out of pocket cost.
Repeal exacerbated by 45's Russian problem. GOP peeps backing away step by step, inch by inch -- bigly cooties
happened the same way with Nixon, little by little
if it's truly about the people and their healthcare why not fix what's wrong with the ACA?
A testament to the tenacity of the American spirit Thank you to the Town Hall participants for protecting my H-care Viva America!
What are you going to say when obamacare explodes?!?! A bill YOU vited for!
Congratulations! #KilltheBill
Obamacare will be replaced and then you'll be crying alone with Tim Kaine
Amen to that!
Sir, Putin's lower level cronies wish to enter into the lucrative US healthcare insurance mkt - likely - hence this attempt
We Crushed It Mr. Senator; frankly because we knew all along that Obamacare would NEVER be replaced so easily @MaryGoettsch
I agree; however, we must try to reform the ACA so it works better  There are issues with the ACA that can be fixed.
You have popular momentum, introduce a fixit bill #fixACA
