Now that is funny. Another lesson on keeping the fridge door closed
Calvin lives!
Next: Devin Nunes calls for investigations into @timkaine refrigerator incident. "What's going on w/that milk? Americans want to to know!"
LOL
Fake news
Hilarious!!
Go away. You are not just a regular guy no matter how you try now
that made my day, thanks!
You are a Clown !
#25thAmendment
Jajajaja fanny ..!!!
Thanks!  After last week and the last 7 months, we can all use some fun and clever humor of good kids!
Reminds me of one of my favorite Far aside cartoons.
I love far side. Some people just don't get it
kinda creepy you tweeting this out
Kinda humorous actually.  Need a hug Mr. Alex?

Love it!
Cool dad
@madi_schap I did it first
This is too funny!
#1 Viral Video REMIX Alex Jones Living Meme Explosion / Super Deluxe / B... https://youtu.be/tPTrIK0i7b4  via @YouTube

LOL Awesome
To cute
Ha ha 
Cute.  Love it
Hahahaha!!!
I think the milk works in the White House.
Genius level trolling!
That's hilarious!!!!!

r/thatHappened
Lol love this!!
He has a great sense of humor
Looks a little like you did when you said "No rule change is going to make 49 beat 51."
That is too funny and I needed a laugh.
I giggled
Great sense of humor, that one!!
I liked it....thought it was funny!!
Sounds familiar  that's right someone said that about someone in the Oval....
Thanks for the share. We needed the laugh.
That's cute
Terence has a great sense of humor. Thanks for the laugh.
Terence has got a big future
No orange combover?  ;-)
LOL
That's hysterical! HA!
Did you confiscate the gun and shame his dad for promoting a gun culture?
We need gun control if even milk can get a weapon.
LOL!!!

oh an ugly image of Donnie
Lol, that is one smart kid
Too funny!
Cutest thing I've seen in awhile. Thanks for brightening my day!
that's so creative and awesome!
Thanks for the laugh!  Very much needed in these times!  

That is so awesome!  What a creative kid!!!
hahaha
The kid has my vote!
Really awesome

Best thing I've seen all day
Watch out for the cereal killer! 
Neat picture & enjoy the kids. Still surprised a Democrat will post a picture of a gun. It's good to know you know it's not the gun fault.
LOVING HIS SENSE OF HUMOR.
LOL SO CUTE ...THANKS FOR THE FUNNY SHARE.
I like Terence. :)
My kind of humor! Hahahaha!
Needed that laugh 
Cute
Too funny 
That kid is going places. Haha
am envisioning all those permanent markers hard at work in the dark of night (tonight) #markermayhem for some silly-Sunday twtn/can't wait!
Too cute!  Very clever boy.
we need all the chuckles we can get these days sharing is a beautiful thing/this twt is "ageless" giggles...guess gotta see that emoji movie
Does he get his awesome dad jokes from you?
I got it  good 1

Just needs orange hair. 
LOL!!
That's awesome. LOL
Love it!!!
@benjaminchapman @MisterDuong @marydidyaknow @glozu4ia @Hayy_Arnold @sleopardprint fun food safety at it's finest!
@timkaine I love it, too funny 
That is hilarious. Kid has a great sense of humor.,
GAY
Dude, no. Focus on RETAIN and REPAIR of Obamacare--not silly memes
.@timkaine The milk must be from the West Wing. 
#Terencedaman!
Too cute!
Bad bad milk! 
Miss u
lol
@LaurenStroupe42 I love this family omg
Now there's some CALCIUM for my FUNNY BONE!! Great Tweet!!
Tim Kaine you are truly america's dad! I really hope you find your way into the White House! I got nothing but love for ya!
Is it Russian milk?
Hahaha....Your nephew's a hoot.
now, while you can, 'pirate'/ bay- 1/2 empty Lolz -opptimists, lol
Damn! @realDonaldTrump is right! MS13 is everywhere.

he could do trump's press conferences. At least he has a sense of humor!
Precocious kid! That is great!!
LOL 
Cuuuuuute!
That is too cute/funny.  Thank you for sharing!!
Too cool.
I like that kid!
Thanks for the laugh!
We all needed that!!
So cute.
Adorable and clever! 
I laughed entirely too long and too hard at this. 
Terence is awesome!
Made me smile! Nice to see a feel good tweet after all of tRumps insane tweets. Thank you Senator Kaine
Galon de Leche is one bad hombre!
Damn, even milk has guns now. #guncontrol

That's Awesome.
Rogue milk agent.
Love this! Thanks for sharing.
"@timkaine, your son has gone bad!"
Really dude? Really.
Awesome!
Terence rocks.
Good to see that Dad jokes run in the Kaine family!
Wait......did you just assume ur nephews gender?!?!
Cute!  Made my day!

My has a picture that it looks like her but it's her brother. lol
So nice to see "normal".
haha @rth314 
How old is this kid?!? This. Is. Funny.
squirt guns are the best kind.
lol. Cute.
Where is your terrorist son? In jail again?
go away.... why do you all do this?  If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all. #LiveByIt
Hahahaha!! Cute!
Ok.
Oh my gosh....that is hilarious and adorable!! Thanks for the laugh today.... I needed it!
too funny !
Clever guy lol!!
Fyi: Pasteurized lasts way past exp. dates. Esp. if u put a Humira freezer pack in back/on side. #WaterIsLife #YEARSproject #PiratesForLife
#makemilkgreatagain
My type of kiddo
Tim you've gone bad
