Trump has the Lowest Approval Ratings Of All Time... These Protests Are Justified And Necessary!!!!
Trump will Prevail because he's a True Leader, and underhanded enough to plow through Politics. Very proud of him. 8years,Trump will prevail
you know underhanded means sneaky, right? if u do, u may just be the 1st honest trump supporter, acknowledging his dishonesty.
Yes, I do. I think it's a necessary skill set for such a job. He's damn good. Who thought he'd blow through everyone. Very proud of him!
Obviously That Is The ONLY Way U Can Defend Him... He Still Has The LOWEST Approval-Ratings Of Any President!!.. The Reason Is - HE IS BAD!!
That sounds great to me. He is a Bad Ass isn't he. Can't keep a good man down. Sorry you can't deal with the way things should be.
I Am Sorry You Young People Support The Right-Wing, WACKO-Party... They have gutted our middle-class and raised taxes on them.  It's AWFUL!!
I don't support the Republican Party, I support Trumps Party. Republicans aren't involved yet. Yet!
Science, like our Catholic faith, also tells us life starts at conception.
this is not a catholic country. last i checked we weren't (yet) a theocracy.
But the senator and I are Catholic.
I'm catholic, too. The country, however, is not.
Do some science for us, Tim. We'll wait.
how does one "do some science?"
Formulate a hypothesis, design experiments to test it...you know, the scientific method.
Oh, OK. Hows this one? Hypothesis: If Trump shot someone on 5th Avenue, his followers would still adore him.
I don't think you'll be able to test that one.
It's his hypothesis, but I hope he doesn't intend to test it.
Now if you people would just admit that science says those with two X chromosomes are female while those with an X and a Y are male.
This is true, but has nothing to do with people's choice to do what they want with their bodies.
...and what people choose to do with their body doesn't change their sex.
Well it's technically none of your business. Is it?
It is when you try to make laws to make the rest of the country pretend they're what they arent or face "hate crime" charges.
or when you make it legal for men to enter a women's bathroom or locker room where women and girls should have a right to privacy.
Preach it! Or men entering women's Olympics bcuz they failed as men.
Fact?
Tim Kaine to America at debates - "99% of the Clinton Foundation money goes to Charity."
Is that even legal? Has he been charged?
@FBI
Thank You, Senator!!...Trump's Budget, Cuts Funding For: Science, The Arts, Education, Regulations Fighting Pollution, Senior-Care And More!
Why aren't you holding news conferences everyday calling out the blatant corruption from the trump crime family what the hell are you doing?
YES, WE CAN DISMISS
In the most basic sense, a scientific fact is an objective and verifiable observation, in contrast with a hypothesis or theory. Get it?
I think you are way wrong. Jesus is the truth...
what did jesus say about electricity and cars? i dont recall mention of those in the good book.
You clearly missed my point there but ok
the Same nutcases were crying Free Tampons last Month! You already tried Hating @realDonaldTrump & lost didn't you? "muh Russia"

It has been repeatedly proven FALSE, Tim. FALSE, we know DEMS love the money they get from it, but it is a FAKED UP ISSUE.
Immigration reform your a sick communist selling our country down the river for votes .....build our wall
Really? If I look it up in the dictionary will I find that definition? "Pursuit of Truth for public interest...?" Senator Kaine=Spinster. 
Kaine spells idiot
No, science is about the pursuit of truth regardless of public interest. @timkaine
Human science (which is a daily discovery) is no match for the Omniscience of God. He knows beginning to end. Humans can't compete.
If only u @democrats believed that VS. using political bias for science and now that ur 15 minutes of fame is over return to the back bench
Science is the friend of intellectual curiosity, skepticism, and inquiry. 

#Science is the enemy of distortion, bias, and misdirection.
Trump cannot dismiss it because he is as thick as a plank and a master manipulator for LESS THAN 50% OF THE COUNTRY!!

He CAN and will.
Oh because the vagina march was so successful at changing Trumps mind.
Didn't have to influence Trump.  please, you seem intelligent. Go look at the web page for the Woman's March and read the reasons we marched
Like Lgbt rights, womans rights, religious rights, correct?
I second that
I wonder how much pollution these stupid marches for science cause via the massive traffic jams they cause....
Trump will say Hawking, Tyson & Nye paid the protesters.
the fringe left will say @BillNye is a scientist
Dumb comment. A promoter of science is involved with science.
Dumbest comment.  Pseudoscience is not science.
look we have a science denier here. Go troll somewhere else
The fact they a marching- yup, that is what they're doing, but they're pushing fraud science too. Pursuit of truth? Bullshit.
Go back to bed fruit cakee
Please do not let a budget pass that pays for a wall
Major moron march today. Propaganda for all ignorant enough to buy its validity. Hilarious!
And to think you could have been the VP of the USA who endorsed the murder of babies at 9 months in utero.
79591465. cute handle. you come up with that all on your own?

China is worse then the US on pollution. Make them change. Can't blame Trump for Congress screw ups.
Most marching today are paid for by Soros and DNC. Start understanding why you lost. Keep the anarchy up & POTUS wins landslide in 2020.
NO! Science is the pursuit of truth. Period. The public interest part is politics.
Truth is not finite. I find truth in my faith while you may not. So saying science is truth is a fallacy. New discoveries every day.
Hard to give coherent answers in 140 chars. You're right. I take exception to the "in public interest" part. Science is science not politics
Many so called "scientists" maintain an anti-supernatural presupposition, which precludes most human discoveries. Open your eyes!!!
so you're saying this was a rally against Trump? Under the guise of "science". what exactly did this rally accomplish.
WTF are you even talking about? Democrats call 48 genders "science"
Thank You, Senator!!... Trump Is BAD For America!! His Deregulation & Budget-Cuts To Science, EPA and Education are DISGUSTING!!!
You seem to dismiss a lot of science to keep your narrow views!  #realscience is discovery!  You all want to pretend it's settled.
Major dumbassery.
Trump is allergic to 'facts.'
Funny how you & the rest of #marchforscience hypocrites push climate change BS but ignore actual science proving when life begins in womb.
there are lots of prolifers who believe (i cant believe i have to say believe) in climate change.
Climate change is the natural state of the planet. 
Humans are not causing it. Period.
2 + 2 = 5. Period.
-What do see are the results of decades of Dumbing Down.
True dat, bro!
sci·ence: the systematic study of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment. "public interest" nowhere to be found.
#truthspeak
Here's some science...
1. there's only two genders
2. life begins at conception
@timkaine because you march somehow translates to scientific fact-and you wonder why your ass got kicked in the election!!
No. It's not.
Predator J Thief is NOT my prez Mr REAL VP
Um no......  And you wanted to be the VP!?!?  Damn, we apparently dodged a bullet on that one.
Sure Trump can.....and will!
Supports March for 'Science'. Also supports idea of more than two genders. Either hypocrite or a simpleton.
Meanwhile the left denies biological gender assignments and won't allow human status till baby is born. Your science is political propaganda
We marched because our sitting president is in denial regarding the undeniable truth of science #MarchForScience
You happen to be my senator but you are not my kind of man you should be working on ways to progress this country not tear down the prez
Your son demonstrated understanding of science: 'combustion' when he shot fireworks at rally, 'mobility' when he fled the scene #goparenthim
What the heck does what you said even mean?
Enviromental science is theory, at best.
Says the life-denier who would kill an unborn person seconds before birth
Except for biology. Biology we don't think is in the public interest so much.  That whole genetics thing, conception creating life...nah.
#Science: intellectual & practical systematic study of the physical & natural world thru observation & experiment "w/o agenda". UR dismissed
How many will be masked rioters? Surely Soros OR Hillary has given you the #!!
Oh, and the dismissal of something under the guise of "settled science" is more akin to religion than actual science & the scientific method
Science is the pursuit of knowledge & factual information. The pursuit of truth is entirely something else. You should know the difference.
Greetings, Tim.
.@timkaine No it isn't, fuckstick.
-10. ...systematic study of the structure and behavior of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment.
That is not what science is at all. Piss off.

Do you do any work or just collect the welfare check?
Democrats make up their own "science". Science is not concensus, it's proven fact. MMGW is a hoax that has been exposed.
The public interest has nothing to do with it. Science is the search for truth, period.
Well....he can, and he does. That's what makes it so #sad. #marchforscience
Senator you don't know and don't know that you don't know but that is typical of ALL progressive/commie-lib democrat airheads!
you added "the public interest" so you can politicize science. And I might add, you can't handle the truth
yeah...just like they did with climate change, right?? #frauds
Actually everyone in America dismissed "all those marching" because we saw it for what it was, a leftist political stunt.
They can be dismissed. The Soros cash the reason why. How much did you and HRC get paid from Soros? He denied his heritage to soil America.
Sad my second grade students understand the importance of science more than our  "president". #TrumpLies #RESISTANCE #ResistTrump
There is only one truth for @realDonaldTrump, his truth.  Everything else is fake. #pantsonfire
FYI Loser...Bill Nye is not a scientist
Science is the pursuit of science.
Must've missed where Trump "dismissed this".
What a clown loser this pip is
Timmy boy, I suppose there is no IQ lower limit for Senators. Lay off the kool aid boy.

You don't know anything about science.
Since when were Democrats  concerned with the  truth?
Remember all that science stuff old Hitler did?  Was that pure truth?

Science confirms human life begins at conception and ends when the heart is stopped. Why do you deny that abortion is murder? Science denier
Dear 45, you use the word "great and greatest" so inappropriately.
Science the systematic study of structure and behavior of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment. Idiot
Thank God you're NOT VP
So you are saying: 'science, like gender, is whatever we progressives say it is.'  Who are you kidding? You don't care about facts.
Trump doesn't dismiss science you incredible loser. Question: how many genders does science say there are? You're a science denier
spoken by someone who isn't a scientist.
Yet liberal idiots can't dismiss the fact that there is only two genders
You must mean the "science" in the "scopes monkey trial" biology book, which promoted human eugenics for "public interest."
You do know that biology is a science right? And biology says there are only 2 genders. That's to procreate the species. So hypocrite?
'Truth' like "NY under water by 2015"? "UK snow a rarity after 2004" hockeystick graph etc ad nauseam. In public interest to expose shams.
Using the word science loosely. Data interpreting is in the eye of the beholder nonetheless sourcing and timing. Earth was flat, right?
You are, as a good little propagandist, leave this lie up demanding it be taken as fact? #propagandist #liar
Propaganda is the perversion of science for some alleged "public interest."
Science is the pursuit of truth, even if the public interest be damned.
Science, IS NOT making shit up. #marchforscience
the scientific method doesn't care about the public interest. only closer to reality
Wrong, Timmy.  Science is the pursuit of truth.  Period.  Whether the public likes what science discovers or not.
Strange, I thought science was the search of truth regardless of public interest. Huh.
Not sure where you got your definition of science
Science is the pursuit of truth. Period. Whether that be for the public interest or not.
Haha, truth is not pursued by liberals, can any liberal name one transitional animal. Nothing none zip zero Nada not science has theory many
I always thought "Political Science" in college was a misnomer. Now I'm certain of it. It's not a science, never was, never will be.
Science is the pursuit of fact. Has jack squat to do with public interest. Facts are just that. Facts.
You mean science is whatever yo decided it should be?
There are only 2 genders. -Science
Liberals demand we believe in science when it applies to 'climate change' but think genders are a 'social construct'. You are mentally ill.
Democrats brand of science has everything to do with tax schemes & fines, little to do with preservation & conservation.
Go away.
So if empirical science makes a discovery which goes against your view of the public interest, it thereby is not science by your definition?
Science is the pursuit of understanding. Truth is not always known, and the "public interest" has nothing to do with any of it.
My husband is a scientist and one of your constituents who marched today. Thank you for your support!
Get over it, loser....   Trump kicked your butt!!!
Pursuit of truth means a willingness to listen to counterarguments.  The advancement of science requires dissent.
You might want to keep your kid out of jail - start with the science of parenting, piss poor loser!
Yes We can!!!!
Heh. Watch him.  #headdesk #thisiswhywemarch #sciencemarch
Actually, science is the analysis and study of facts. You described Philosophy and the public interest has NO influence on it.
Your opportunity 2 Stand up for the voiceless unborn i.e. For Life, is limited 2 the finite period of your lifetime; make the most of it
that is the definition of politicizing science.
Nope, it is the pursuit of truth, period.
Are you for real? No wonder you guys lost
Climate change is a global hoax, if not all the lefty need to rid yourself of Jets, SUV, mansions. Take the lead you hypocrites
"Science"has been wrong 100% of the time on their climate predictions. Yes,that is 100% wrong!

Data Trumps Politics!!
Cute - coming from a guy who supports the party that denies the  binary science of gender.  Truth = XX or XY.
SCIENCE is a WELFARE STATE that depends on GRANTS and PHILANTHROPY. 

HIGHEST paymaster gets "findings" they PAY for.

#TRUTH
Indonesia,china,India,Mid East worst polluters. You put zero pressure there. Another fact: 1 good volcanic eruption=mini ice age
People are hungry, jobless, aimless and scared and your angle is #Trump hates #Science?  You guys have any idea how stupid this is?
And do you believe Bill Nye is a real "scientist". You're in for a surprise
The party of science, you guys!
Nope. As a scientist, we do look for truth, thru double blind controlled studies, reproducible, peer reviewed. No public
You dismiss the fact that life begins at conception, and you have no true logic to hate trump except that you lost to him
Hopefully all those marching arrived on foot or bicycle...if they truly want to save the earth!!
Fact, not truth

Er, no. Science is objective truth. The “public interest” is not part of the definition. Nice try, though.
This is political activism, not science. #MarchForScience Another weekend, another progg march. Trump makes leftists get exercise! #Science
Science is done by consensus in order to raise taxes and increase government control.  #Newspeak
Ur statement regarding Pres Trump. Is like asking someone if they have stopped beating their wife yet? When did he dismiss facts of Science?
Perhaps you confused science with weird science.  That would explain it then.
Soros money at work, pure propaganda.
And the useful idiots follow.
