If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
You & your party had your chance and squandered it
You talking to #turtlefacemitch & the GOP or simply expressing an "opinion"? You know that you can be deported for wishful thinking.
We don't want Obamacare we want to repeal that abomination!
Repeal now, replace later is what trump said. Leaving Americans without insurance in the interim. Real smart!
I work hard not to depend on the government!
WTF! What does having healthcare have to do with depending on the gov? The healthcare you get at work is affected, too!
Like that time the Dems crammed a crappy health care bill down the country’s throat with zero GOP input? Elections have consequences.
WRONG! The ACA has more then 137 Republican amendments. Get your #truefacts. Looks like you voted to #draintheseamp & got stuck in it.
OH HAI trollbot reading from talking points. Do you even timeline? ACA was passed with no GOP input. Changes came later w GOP congress.

can we repeal the PRESIDENT now and replace him later?!?!?
Let's bring in the #panelofexperts. Pre-condition being that they are from @foxnation.
"The Art of the Deal" my ass.
You are humiliating "yourass". Please don't do that.
Ocare or any other gov healthcare is NOT FREE. We pay for those who cannot. Medicaid is already pd by tax dollars easier 2 revise that!
Wait till you get there lady. Don't be so "myshitdon'tstink". Are you a #Christian? No, but maybe a Republican.
I don't get Trump's "strategy" on repeal NOW/replace later. Is he really that cruel, crazy or stupid? We'll still need docs till a new plan.
No! Their was No Choice! Sorry! Never my President
@timkaine he isn't going work with you so failure is not an option make your presence known! Make us a priority and WIN for ONCE!
Pass the bill and then you can see what's in it! #Pelosi
I respectfully disagree. Trump prefers to spew inane ramblings and attack people on twitter for no apparent reason.
Sure it was for no reason @Morning_Joe has been calling him every name in the book they deserved it
He called him Amnesty Don. This whole thing started with MSNBC critiquing Stephen Miller and Trump and them getting into a shouting match
Trump wants them to lay off Miller and they refused, and then the phone call devolved into stupidity on both sides.
Sure he has been spreading his hatred for months just like the rest of you libtards
First, your use of names doesn't make you any better than Trump. Second, I don't spread hatred. I discuss in an open manner and in a cordial
...manner. Third, open up your mind to other possibilities. You might not agree with them, but they might be worth thinking about.
Fifth, think about the things you say to complete strangers before you say them. Calling people libtards is no better than calling someone..
Please stop tweeting. They only serve to demonstrate that you are inarticulate and not very bright.
It seems to me, Senator, that Trump prefers playing politics to working at solutions on all issues.
HE. DOES. NOT. CARE. when will someone get that and do something!!!
It's like the country is being punked while in the twilight zone...
He doesn't care about healthcare. Only focus is to remove EVERYTHING associated w/Obama. That is a level of HATE. The ppl deserve better.
HE'S DEFLECTING!!!
Kind of like the libs did huh?
Trumpis selling his power to the highest bidder in the GOP!he has no real opinion about anything political he just uses it to gain favors
Who is refusing to work with whom. Seems to me both parties need to give their salaries back.
Ben Sasshole originally said that. Trump never had an original idea...bad as it would be
DT's having a dick measuring contest w/ Obama. Anything that Obama did he's destroying! Some 1 tell him he'll never be the MAN Obama was. 
Wait, I'm pretty sure it's the Democrats who are refusing to work with the GOP. Where are you getting your news?
He doesn't have a clue what is in the bill just wants it passed at all costs~
Sorry Tim but it was your gang that told Trump they weren't working with him from day one.  It's on you guys this time.
Medicaid is your gov provided healthcare, inc thresholds should be revised. Get gov out of pvt healthcare open mkts, open source low prem
Name ONE Democrat who has come 2 the table 2 work w/Republicans or make any useful suggestion or contributions. It is YOU who play politics
Gov getting involved in health care is what screwed it up in the first place. Healthcare is not a right. Medicaid should have been revised
@realDonaldTrump this is so disappointing Washington has turned into a daycare center and the world is watching. Embarrassed 
World is Watching is an understatement lady. Humiliation is the daily aphrodisiac for the GOP. You reap what you sow. So deal with it.
just sad
TRUMPS IDEA OF CARING IS OBVIOUS HE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT HUMANS BUT HE CARES ABOUT THE DOLLARS IN HIS POCKET.
I'm a cancer survivor, my son is on the spectrum. What happens to families like us w/president like this? Not safe, not right, not fare.
Democrats have refused to work with @POTUS. Just look at @MaxineWaters who refuses to even meet with the President. #Obstructionist
Seriously Tim. You need to get your head examined, Hillary brainwashed you and left you cold.
Why are only Republicans working on this bill? Underhanded. Repeal/Replace is a bad idea. Work together to improve what's already in place.
The proposed Republican plan is a budget proposal and not a health care plan. It cuts the budget and health care coverage.
Oh, like the Democrats when they shoved Obamacare down our throats. Don't be a hypocrite now. It's a sad look.
It's ACA lady. And yes it shoved "affordable healthcare" at all that needed it. Not perfect due to 137 Republican amendments.
What were you expecting, utopia?
Reason wanting voter info from all states is for sending voter info to all these people to re elect Trump!  No way
In relationships, you’re never going to agree 100%. Respect each other and keep the peace because that’s what God blesses.
Trump doesn't care if people have healthcare. He and his rich pals still do.
No Dems did that by forcing out hundreds of insurance companies out of states so it's ok that over 17 countries have no coverage then?
https://theintercept.com/2017/06/30/cory-booker-will-pause-fundraising-from-big-pharma-because-it-arouses-so-much-criticism/ …  Booker temporarily pauses taking $ from drug co's because it doesn't look good. STOP taking $ from lobbyists too
The 2016 loser speaks again!
Don't lie, Democrats won't work with our @POTUS and it will be their demise!
Lady when you vote for "Monkeys" you get peanuts. So live with it.
And golf,  don't forget golf.
If the dems didn't pass the worst health care bill ever President Trump won't be in the position to try and fix your mess
NOW YOU WANNA HELP? How can he expect dem help when you all vowed to discredit anything he does ????... this party is a joke
Donald Trump is not there to make anything better for anyone but himself. He is laughing to himself for fooling the fools that voted for him
Obamacare Must be repealed
GOP is uninterested in making anything work. They are still fighting the civil war. They lost, they need to get over it.
Timmy why aren't the democrats working with the President?
He doesn't like "Dems".  He doesn't want to unify. Just follow his tweets.

Like Clinton would change Obama care right she wouldn't change a thing even if ALL the hospitals left
Sadly, they never intended to replace. It's really "implode and ignore"
What have Dems done to make things better? Nothing. Too busy with spewing false narratives about Russia.Shameful!!
Like we would ever trust him or believe anything he says, POTUS is a delusion psychopath.  Can someone please tell me how we got here?
There is no working with people that would produce a disgusting bill like that.
Does this not give us an out of Obamacare.  If you do not like Obamacare you can choose to get another plan to keep!  Obama said we can!
You all need to repeal #45 immediately and replace him at a later date!
You had your chance to make things better.
You blew it.
Lol. What hypocrisy. A crying shame I'm not surprised. Our government is such an embarrassment.
@CoryBooker @realDonaldTrump  last I heard, not one dem is voting for new hc bill, let Obamacare fail of its own weight...
Because you will make it worse.  We've seen your approach.  I don't want to pay for shitbums who would rather have an iPhone than healthcare
His plan is called take away healthcare and let them fend for themselves! Despicable! #murdercaretrump
Mr Cain your an idiot if you thinkfor one minute we the ppl believe the Dems want to improve anything. You passed ocare and good job on that
Wow timmy boy u aren't going to work with trump hate and resist u been preaching which u will do for 4 years term limits what America needs
If GOP passes repeal, with or without replace, Dems should respond with single payer in 2018 #Trumpcare
@realDonaldTrump Hope he leaves it to implode on you and your Ilk. You made it, now let it blow up!
Tim this is the democrats mess!!!   Trump should let it go up in flames!!!  
No doubts it's not perfect. BUT IT'S NOT A MESS. Ask the millions that benefit from it. Get #biginsurancemonopoly out & fix ACA.
Nothing in this life is perfect. ACA saves American lives despite GOP sabotage.
Democrats only want it to fail, and they would never vote for it.  Better to keep them out of the process.
Well, it's the weekend. Isn't it time for Tr*mp to play golf?
You mean Obama don't you
@CoryBooker The only thing that can make Trumpcare better is a match.
Kinda like obama and the dems did obamacare which we all know is a disaster designed to use medicaid as a single pay, that sucks.
 the dems are too busy with their resistance classes!
It's just beyond comprehension. It's a country, not a game where one can win. Thanks for all you do.
In case you hadn't noticed Trump doesn't play well with others.
And just think... your party's offerings are SO BAD you still drive people to adore him!
#MAGA #Trump2020
America in trouble with Trump
I think u have it wrong Democrats work with no one!
Your party screwed up Timmy!
7 years ago Dims didn't need any help with Obummer care.Short memories abound in the Dim party.Peelozy had to pass before they read it
Such a thoughtful proposal from Mr Art of the Deal
Gov't shouldn't be involved in people's healthcare coverage
@CoryBooker @realDonaldTrump Name one time POTUS that Dems refused to meet with you to discuss improving #ACA? One time...
@realDonaldTrump must suck to be Tim Kaine these days.
Here goes #45 playing to the Koch Bros again. Unfortunately, #45 could care less about the actual lives of Americans.
Are you serious Timmy? I can't think of a day since Trump was elected that you jackasses have done anything to help anyone. Shut it!!!
My premiums up +200% w/ WAY less coverage, others I know lost coverage. How is this good? I'll take what trumps proposing over Obamacare.
No sir, he would rather insult and bully women on twitter first.  He perceives women as 'soft' targets.  What a stupid  man.  Please impeach
Repeal and replace Obumacare
Aren't you fortunate to be able to pay the high healthcare prices! Perhaps you could help out some needy families.
Put the healthcare on the open market so that it can become more affordable.
While leaders of the Democratic Party are screaming, RESIST! You need to step across the isle, your party's going down in flames. #DemFail
He is way out of his league.
Try lying to someone else moron. The Democrats had 8 years to fix it under the Obama administration. How did that work out? #Disaster
@CoryBooker more lies
So true, wouldn't his presidency turn totally around if all congress got together for a BIPARTISAN HEALTH CARE ACT? . Universal HC? Canada?
Hell no!
I don't think he understands the implications of repealing a law.
The Democrats are refusing to work with Republicans.  You own O’care so when it collapses it’s all on you
And so do the GOP supporting this hate monger "president"
Isnt this exactly how we ended up with OBamacare?  Do you have any self respect? Get off your soap box and examine your actions b4 critizing
Get your #TrueFacts. Feel sorry for your fact deprived brain. Maybe you should sign up thru ACA. Then you will know the #TrueFacts & shut up
Dems won't work with anybody...they have tantrums like toddlers trying to get their way. So give me a break
that gosh darn politics, you mean like:  "we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it"?
Democrats and "make things better" don't belong in the same sentence
We have to STOP THEM! People are terrified about losing their healthcoverage and cuts in Medicare and Medicaid. Can you filibuster?
Everything is a game to people who stopped emotionally maturing at twelve.
I agree totally and they are all democrats like @billclinton
Sen. Kaine, POTUS is playing fast and loose with life and death. This isn't a poker game. Thanks for standing up for everyday Americans.
That's why I would like Trump and Rand Paul to work on a plan all by themselves.
If he just repeals what happens to the rest of us who can now afford health care @RealDTrump2k16
Obamacare was created for political reasons to begin with who the hell are you kidding???
The Democrats infected our healthcare system with a cancer. ACA is in a death spiral. Dem resistance will oppose everything Trump does.
Weak republicians worthless
Kinda like how you worked with Republicans with Obama care .  #Hypocrisy
For the  16-th  time  where  is  your   plan ?
We've already seen you "make things better." #Obamacare.
please consider this plan.
USA wants Dems, and anyone else trying to keep Obamacare in existence, to stay the hell out of health ins/care. REPEAL ALL OF OBAMACARE!
The Dems/progressives/socialists seized health insurance & healthcare from Americans.
If it can't go his way, it goes against EVERYONE else. He's a malignant narcissist w/ #NoMandate. (Let's not forget 74M voted against him.)
There are no words to express how much vitriol, disdain ans, disrespect I have towards this admin. Probably as much as they have for Us...
Oh I'm sorry Timmy , news flash ! Obama and the Dems destroyed health care !
It was the dems that put us in this boat by forcing ocare down our throats
Pls work with moderate republicans on fixing obamacare
I don't know. I like the repeal and replace later idea.
The only concern for him is making sure his own family has healthcare along with McConnell and his merry men on the hill have it.
News flash all politicians on both sides have special  coverage and the healthcare bill will not effect them at all. Another false claim...
Come on fight fight
I am a Va. Dem/voter.  Trump is'nt "playing politics"! He is playing a psychotic, evil board game with American lives. Where is the outrage.
How is #resist "working with"?

All of you idiots in DC need to figure out how to work together...
Here's an idea.... Let's just give every United States citizen the same healthcare that Congress has. Problem solved!
Every citizen hasn't EARNED that. If you think healthcare is a right, why not food?  That's way more important. Slippery slope
Congress is running around all entitled and making decisions that will hurt the least of us. Good enough for them, good for all.
Not for all. EARN IT!!!  Don't have a job that offers it, get a better one.  Don't have a job... Get one and pay like the rest of us
Disagree, and Americans need to start lifting up their neighbors to benefit us all. My premiums are INSANE, I'm paying for the uninsured.
Trump don't know the meaning of working together.
great linguistic skill, probably from a dem state...
Or Democrats refuse to work with @POTUS to make things better. BarryCare is a disaster. I say repeal, and stop there.
Kicking the can down road.
Sent. Kaine, why do you tweet like you just arrived at the meeting? Seriously? We have a maniac in the WH illegally installed by the enemy!
Wow
how did the democrats vote on Niel Gorsuch was he unqualified ?
We all know who you play with. Sick
omg
It's obviously NOT about making things better. ACA repeal is ONLY about dt's hatred for Obama. That's all.
Yea, that's all- brilliant!! Such deep thinkers you libs are.
Lead the charge to end this dangerous rampage against our country!!

#25thamendment #25thAmendmentNow
Traitor dt, fixed it...
Please use your leadership to bring people together on Capital Hill. I for one am really exhausted with partisanship and nastiness!
Because he's a sociopath.  #25thamendment #25thAmendmentNow
We'd like to REPEAL AND REPLACE TRUMP IMMEDIATELY
Sure @realDonaldTrump Repeal it now so millions of YOUR minions will be left without healthcare. Unfit for office.
Millions have already lost it under Obama care how can you get insurance when all the companies have pulled out many states with only 1
Ask the "genius" lefties who thrust BHO Care(?) on the nation WITHOUT reading the so - called plan. Disastrous!
Don't see any legislation from the Democrats. Or answers. Medicare for all would work
He should recuse himself from the whole healthcare debate as he has absolutely no idea what he is talking about.
Our President shows absolutely no concern for us. He has no thought about what would result from ACA repeal.
Trump does not care, let the gop repeal, for they will never agree on replace!! It will have an immediate effect and be noticed @ twn halls
Evil. This repeal worked out to be for every 8 ppl who lose Medicaid a $50,000 tax cut to one wealthy person.Who's voting 4these guys again?
Well, @nikkihaley just tweeted they’ve now saved $500 Million in UN savings and have just started.
Wouldn’t that be a help to #ACA?
Just in it for the win. He actually hates America. We force him to respect women.
Let’s REPEAL AND REPLACE the president how about that !??
Nah... we are happy with him.
Nah... we are not !!! His ratings are the lowest of any president that should tell you everything.
Lol sure they are, and Madam President had a 97% chance of beating him. Fake polls... #MAGA
Well she beat him at the popular vote by +3 million votes. How does it feel to have such an unpopular president??
How’s all that winning going ??
Better than all of that losing the left is doing.
Obamacare is a disaster and must go
You forgot golf. He likes to play a lot of golf  
That because he can't stand anyone who is a democrat
Now it's #RepealThenReplace when's it going to be #RepealNeverReplace @realDonaldTrump should stop using Twitter likes to decide policy.
We cannot let that happen!
Odd they rather go over the cliff than work with Dems. Mitch pitched working with Dems as the worst outcome....
Has there *ever* been a government program as substantial as #ACA that didn't get a technical corrections bill?
Just keep blaming Trump. However, he is not in the Senate, and therefore is not responsible if the Sentence fails to deliver, Senator.
Your sentence failed.
Because he doesn't care about anyone other than himself.
GOP are terrorists.
Most likely True! But that stands for all of them! 
Anything for the "win"
You the Democrats and a few of the Republicans like  make think worse not better like you did with Obamacare.
Anything but bipartisanship for the GOP! GOP = party over country.
What happens if they just repeal?
22 million will lose healthcare, it is always say story. Whether repeal or replace with AHCA. Party line is Obamacare or we all die.
If aca isn't working, fix it, don't get rid of it with nothing in its place.
VA is a disaster, that should have been a key identifier as to how bad it would get when government imposes healthcare upon citizens.
But then again we are just around to fight battles other people start. Then tossed aside to quietly die. Gov. Healthcare is so awesome.
Lloyd Dobler: How many of them really know what they want, though? I mean, a lot of them think they have to know, right?
Democrats aren't doing shit
You cry so much 
Thanks Trump repeal Obamacare completely and replace it with health plan that works for the rich and poor.
