This morning on #MTP: @timkaine, @LindseyGrahamSC & @SenSanders join @chucktodd. 
Except, of course, when the POTUS is a Dem & fires 2 Tomahawk missiles are fired at targets in Yemen on 17 December 2009...
President Obama fought ISIS, not Assad and had approval of the coalition, UN & congress, Comrade Putin Troll  #SyriaStrikes #TheResistance
Nice little revisionist history you got there. Shame if something happened to it...like: UN Security Council Resolution 2118 or...
...UN Security Council Resolution 2165 or UN Security Council Resolution 2209 or UN Security Council Resolution 2314 or...
...the Hague Declaration of 1899 (IV,2) or the Geneva Gas Protocol of 1925 or  the Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocols or...
... the Hague Regulations or customary international humanitarian law or the Statute of the ICC or the Chemical Weapons Convention or...
...President Obama and the ‘red line’ on Syria’s chemical weapons
...or 'Obama has authorized the bombing of any forces that attack US-trained rebels. This could include attacks by troops loyal to Assad'..
Unfortunately the President can do anything he wants with the military for up to 90 days - repeal War Powers Act 50 USC 1541? #RepealAUMF
I hope you quote the President's own tweet when he said exactly that about Obama
Old tweet.  2013.  Before first Chem attack.  Left talking point to attack potus.  Time has changed. You should change with it.
Chemical attack didn't change the fact pres needs authorization from Congress.
All BS.  did see you whining when obama use AUMF 2001 back in 2013.All talking points from the left.Come to the center get something done.
Ever wonder why Y 'Kained' were referred t as Diffuse-campaign trail w yr incorrect canadiate Hillary; Y both-seen as ultimate clown show;-)
Kaine yr Democrat party-in shambles nice job-having Debbie W Schultz & Hillary-Parkinson's as your driving force. Y can take next 8 yrs off
Thanks!  We'll be watching.   Trump's actions are disturbing. He is impulsive. Careless. Reckless. Lawless
But Obama wasn't? Lol
Thank God President Trump didn't draw an imaginary red line in the sand.
Hey Tim... need to do some research.. Pres does not need YOUR approval
.
and why are we ignoring the Russia investigation? @MarkWarner @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @RepDonBeyer
Didn't that change after 9/11?
How come you never called upon the last POTUS too?
go break some eggs. It's what you do
Why didn't obama get authorization from congress first? Oh wait he was your king I guess
If you REALLY feel this way, as a constituent of yours, I urge you to work on a bipartisan bill/amendment to the AUMF with @RandPaul PLS
Why ask congress?  Someone would leak the plans.
I would like2know why He had to get "ur ok" the Potus has the right2call4 military2protect American he didn't declare war, sour grapes?
I can't wait to vote against you
only applies to Dems, apparently.
Evidently you don't know he doesn't need congress for authorization for 90 days glad you and Hillary lost you don't know what's going on
So protecting the 1000 troops Obama put in Syria without asking congress, from chemical attacks isn't a justifiable reason?
Trump needs to get out of Syria and the Middle East altogether.
Dont recall you complaining when US was bombing innocent women and children with drones under Obama regime. 
So now you are mad that Trump bombed Putins buddy Assad.  Cmon bud make up ur mind
LMFAO
No one takes you serious, you never made a stink about #Obama and what He did
Like Obama did with Libya?
It seems it's a little late for that.
Very disrespectful and insulting to the American people who voted u in.  Using ur public service position to push political propaganda
Did congress approve this?   No outrage over the Obama Admin.  Hypocrite and ur propaganda is really getting old
I agree in principle, but how do you get authorization from Congress when they seem to be on vacation for the whole month?
because it makes you look bad
Tim, maybe you should join your EX running mate and go back into the woods.
U r playing politics.  Potus has authority through AUMF 2001.  Still active.  Stop talking points and work together instead of against
I voted for Clinton but come on Kaine we gotta act fast if we wanna take these guys down I back trump on the strike
Get em!!!!!! Yall need to form a Secret Society Impeachment Ninjas take 45 down!!!!!!
Senator Kaine it's over the moment to act has passed now go to next kkk neo-nazi move and blick it
No, he doesn't, and you can thank Obama for the appropriation bill that changed it
You sounded VERY similar to @TulsiGabbard, but you're not getting lambasted by the media. Very strange. #NoWarWithSyria 
Thank you for making it clear that the #SyriaStrikes were illegal & that regime change wars are not in our best interests. #NoWarWithSyria
Were they illegal for Obama as well? No? Interesting.
Absolutely, yes. I'm the first one to criticize Obama's unconstitutional acts of war. Tim Kaine said the same thing today/
@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSanders @chucktodd says the man the ran with a warmonger #clinton
Kaine very little care what you have to say. Yes tell congress our moves so they can warn the enemy. REALLY
Study the 1973 War Powers Act before you go. Then you might be able to intelligently discuss it. By the way, I won't be watching that crap.
Tim Kaine, you can't even tie your own shoes yet you want Trump to ask YOU before making any military plays overseas. Stick that idea up....
Did I miss your vote against a THREE-WEEK RECESS immediately after the Syria strike? Think you can convince them to come back ?
Your language on the show reaffirms you're a mindless mouth pierce for the far left-helpful message for moderates in Va. soon to vote on U.
How's your vacation?  #GETBACKTOWORK
Did you see Hillary, she advocated for same thing, and no kaine he doesn't have to discuss military action with you
@chucktodd i have respect for someone like rand paul who has always said this, not @timkaine who had no issue with it the previous 8 yeara
And if he doesn't? Then what?
I voted. I also approve this missile strike. I am a "People of the United States of America". Either jump on or get out the way.
You need to read the constitution again
Tim, you lost because you are weak. Your weakness comes across even when you speak. Go home!
This is goal of ISIS, play on ignorance of liberals & political correctness.  Allowing refugees into America plays right into their hands
The hypocrisy is sickening.  Hey Timmy, remember this statement cuz you conveniently forgot when Obama was in "charge"
Act of war definition, an act of aggression by a country against another with which it is nominally at peace. Which part don't you get?
CLOWN!
Is it just me, or does it seem like our congress would rather back away from some of it's most important responsibilities #MTP
didn't care about authorization when Obama toppled Libya.  I wonder why. @MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSanders @chucktodd
Thank @BernieSanders for preventing you from becoming VP 
Don't be naive. Clinton was a shitty candidate. Plain and simple
If sent to Congress for decision our military would be outdated and crewmen on SSI before votes collected. Doesn't Pres Trump need more luv.
YOU @timkaine R ONE OF THE GOOD GUYS !
PLS TELL @LindseyGrahamSC HE'S LOSING IT IF HE THOUGHT THIS WAS PRESIDENTIAL 
RUNWAY OPEN W CHEMICALS
THIS WAS NOT ANYTHING BUT A MORONS WAY TO GET BETTER RATINGS , NOTHING WAS DONE BUT KILLED 8 ,AND DESTROYED JUNK AIRCRAFT,JUST BULLSHIT
Maybe if dems hadn't declared war on Trump on day one he would have! It's time to #cometogether  #worktogether & stop #resisting .
I would watch but listening to 'the other side' is so depressing to me. Thank you for repping us.
Trump won't & his @GOP colleagues don't really care or they would stop him. You Dems have lost this major battle. Fight back. @CNN
Your fighting an uphill battle.
Sunday morning with the Haters!
Please Stay focused on Espionage Investigation too!!
What are you going to do about it?  Not just talk.
I believe he knows what he can and cannot do. I do not understand why you feel the need to go on TV to spew your crap. Shame on you.
Might want to talk about North Korea.
Our Government has become a joke. No more checks & balaces. #trump can do whatever he wants. It is such a joke & an embarrassment. lost hope
I should've been Vice President and done a lot more for this country on that position if not for those devils. Thank u for what you've done
Would like to hear a plan for dealing with Syria and N Korea. The dart board method isn't working. Congress needs to keep 45 honest.
We are dead
Sooo you are going to tell the truth?  I bet you are NOT.  Say hi to socialist Chuck Todd on PRESS THE Meet.  You both deserve each other.
Putin and Assad knew the strike was coming. It was staged for the media. POTUS doesn't care about babies after all.
That's pure bull crap
Let's hope he gets authorization from Congress before he starts a war with North Korea!
Every president has had that for decades now.
Tim either you need to FIX your #Corrupt #Congress or find a real job & experience how the rest of America struggles to make it. #OutOfTouch
The Republicans control Congress.
Obviously you're missing the point. The Democrats are just as corrupt if you haven't checked in lately. Oops...you haven't have you. Shame.
One more quick question: you and your wife still getting those kickbacks from Pearson for the sol test scam! 41 million $ scam! Oops!
Where ever you are the audience will be scant like in FL. You are part of what's wrong with America. MAGA
Your on your way out!!
U forget the needs of the people for the circus stage clownboy! Appomattox tornado victims will never forget that u forgot them! Vdot too!
and since he did not?
2018 is coming!! NVFY!!
Oh wow, you are so intriguing milk toast. Let me guess you're gonna say he should have gone to Congress. Did Obama with drone strikes Timbo
Not talking about drones are they.? He did with Syria. Congress said, "No."
And he continued snowflake, go find your safe place libtard
@MeetThePress @LindseyGrahamSC @SenSanders @chucktodd Lie, Lies and more lies from Timmy. Congressional approval NOT needed.
Sorry Sen Kaine, but we don't need more complicity from an impotent Congress.
Please remind @LindseyGrahamSC how his party voted against Obamacare bombing Syria,
But Kushner, Bannon, his limo driver, and Putin said it was okay....
No one cares what you say or talk about.
You and Hillary are a joke.
What do you want a medal or something . ?
