Why is the Virginia national guard not there to stop these Nazis from hurting people?
It's a peaceful protest. Not against the law.  Just cause we are southern people.
Are you watching this "peaceful protest"?! There is nothing peaceful about it! Just pure bigoted hate. Sad that this is what Trump has done
BLM can do it.  So can anyone else.
Does it make it right?
I guess so as long as it's peaceful.
theres nothing peaceful about intimidating white nationalist Nazis spreading hate same as westboro baptist church it doesn't belong in USA
Ummm words are protected. Physical violence is not and should be stopped. Sticks and stones.  1st amendment please read up on it.
Senator u should be there to show leadership
Are you there@onthebeach205?
Can't expect  others to do what you are not willing to do..... just saying.
What r talking about? The leaders of VA sb be there. I want to see democratic leaders step up & be better than that useless WH person
Don't leave it up to leaders.  Yes they should show up but everyone should show up...be present...speak out.
Ur missing the whole point. I have be present in women's marches. I am referring to our elected officials calming the people of their state
maybe I am.... just hearing so many blame others... put all the expectations on others to make change. It's sad.
I hear u. But I just wanted leaders to be there for support. BTW been to Ottawa. Great caoital. Michigan still way too cold. NJ too cold too
Are you and @TerryMcAuliffe at UVA standing with the protesters against Nazi terrorists in Virginia? I voted for you.
Where are they at
What about the rumors that all this was a set up why where the police shuffling groups towards one another and told to stand down
Correct. Just like your violent criminal hate filled son. You must of passed those racist traits onto him at a very young age.
You and Hillary Rotten Clinton spewed hate and lost the election! lol
A little late Tim. Where were you last night when he saw burning crosses? This is your state, brother.
Thought the same thing.Why the delay?
I am little perplexed myself. Trying to honor first amendment rights? But, all signs showed that today would be a sh$% show.
Yes and when it crosses the line law enforcement should have a swift and aggressive response but god forbid they do that left loses minds
Your comment ridiculous.WS shows:Torches,Ak-47,screaming racial taunts. Police tolerates. Antifa won't = violent. WS should never b allowed
Antifa has had more riots then any kkk crap.  Totally against kkk and like groups but also Antifa is a hate group using violence
lemme guess, Mt Vernon,Monticello and Richard Henry Lee's homes are going to be threatened now they had slaves there
What, like Linwood did in MN? Your own son is part of Antifa Senator.
Why did democrat Mayor tell police to stand down?  DEMS don't want peace. You're tryig to restart the civil war again. SAY NO to DEM HATE
That includes BLM & ANTIFA and your rebel son.
It is the same hate the left spews as it's mantra. This is you! Your hate and intolerance drives this. Wake up.
Meanwhile, back in Daddy's bedroom...
Didn't the authorities anticipate this?
Well then, I do believe that you are also talking about Communist ANTIFA which was bused in with clubs & helmets and didn't have a permit.
How about instead of praying for peace, we make it illegal for someone to own an assault rifle in our commonwealth?
So where are going to go live you communist.
With all due respect Senator Kaine....this kind of hate can't be PRAYED AWAY.
Don't like to say it but those flags look to brand new to have been flown more then once I got my Marine Corps. Flag last year Looks older
They're white nationalists, kkk and nazis. So say that. Condemn those groups! Be more specific. Step up more than this tweet.
The point the left is missing is not everyone protesting removal of statue is kkk, white nationalist or a nazi.
We need specific laws, like Germany's forbidding fascism/KKK
Ummm we have a constitution with the bill of rights. Supreme Court already ruled in the favor of all speech even the made up hate speech
Your ppl sent them. Who do you think you're kidding? #SOROS #CIA #SchoolPlay
David Duke is from Charlottesville?
So David Duke is 1 of Kaine's people? Which Duke & which Kaine?
You're right, who invited ANTIFA, BLM and the KKK anyway?
HOW ABOUT you dont show up at a protest with weapons and body armor "PEACEFULL" Antifa my ass, actually yor the ass, #MAGA
So, I take it that means you are against political violence, regardless of political bias? Or is it just the targets, not the methods?
I'm sorry Mr. Kane you lost my vote and my respect I was following the rally months before it happened and both sides called for violence
If you are Republican you can look at Charlottesville Va. to see who is in your party. Make no mistake these are Trimps base.....
People like this?
https://twitter.com/IWillRedPillYou/status/897673722693398528 …
You really can't stand for inclusion then exclude some group u don't like. That's why the left is so screwed. Claim tolerance but r not!!
Sen. @timkaine please be safe, but go stand with YOUR people against this. I STILL proudly display your name on my Calif.lawn #nevermypres
Why is it that cops blow away unarmed black people and not violent Nazis armed to the teeth masquerading as national guard?
Yep more false narrative from the liberals.  Damed if u do damed if u don't   So if cops beat the crap out of nazis that's ok?!?!
Too bad your "inclusion" is for anarchists, hate groups and communists.
Virginian, born and raised. We will not go backwards.
these folks were paid imports
Heres the group you and @TheDemocrats  embrace.
America sees it no matter how much msm covers it up.
Both Sides: Here we see an old man beating-up Antifa's fist with his head.
No Alt Left here. 
#AltLeft #BothSides 
Oh you mean ANTIFA? The best way to exclude extremists is to ignore them fully, that is on both sides, left and right. No matter what.
ANTIFA is behind the violence. Don't let this lying pos congressman get away with his bullshit story.
Yes we all need to pray for peace
Totally agree!  The violence from BLM and Antifa is totally unacceptable.
That's correct BLM , Antifa and KKK don't belong here ALL violent groups. Now Kaine apologize too President Trump for your racist statement
Please help us! The people of Cville are under attack, and president is on the side of the attackers. Help us! #Impeach #Charlottesville
Tim, get the facts and stop inciting further division in a vain attempt to restart your abortive presidential ambitions.
ya right, #projection is #alinsky 's favorite. #democrat policy of #racebaiting #identitypolitics is pure #regressive social dogma, fullstop
There would always have BEEN peace if your violent antifas hadn't resorted to VIGILANTISM cuz they lost legally
People who came to VA to spew hate & incite violence have no place here. We stand for inclusion and will not go backwards. Praying for peace
Yes but you need to blame both hateful and intolerant sides captain eyebrows

@JackPosobiec Tim "Satan" Kaine 
Are you in favor of a white supremacist candidate?
In other words you believe in free speech until you don't agree with the speech
Why have you not condemned the violence from both sides?  They are both equally at fault, both violent and attacking innocents.
Where was your son during the riot
Yep....ya all went straight to hate and violence then blame others.  Great job liberals!!! Yeah!
Exactly. The Anti-Fa people should never have been there. The caused the violence. They were the hate group that should have been arrested.
So they shouldn't have been being bussed and flew in to incite ? I totally agree, All eyes on the SOROS Klan
Peace and Love
Peace and Love

trump is a Hitler wanabe
Praying is not enough.
Your own son is part of the hate-spewing violence. Stop with the double standard.
Afterall, Virginia is a place for lovers, not haters. They are not welcome at all. #HoosAgainstHate #VirginiaIsForLovers
Amen
Are you kidding Tim?
We hope prayer isn't all that you do. You hold office and have some (?) authority. Please use it.
Those people were allowed to be there which is a sad statement for Charlottesville, Virginia,U.S. and the world. #Hatespeechunacceptable
'Praying for peace' that is the laziest auto-response to violence in this country! At am sick of hearing it. #prayingwonthelp
They seem to be protecting the white supremacists in Seattle
We need more than prayers, Sen. We need you and @MarkWarner to lead.
This is a reflection on what they want because Obama won 8 years ago they just can't get over it
A BLM rally that degenerated like this would have brought soldiers and tear gas.
Stop praying, deal with cops who allowed their line to be breached with no action. POC doing same=jail. #whiteprivilege
Would you Timmy, say the same thing about BLM,  HOW much destroyed private property, how many people hurt due to violence ??? Timmy.
Except for the praying part, I agree. People must work for peace. A myth in the sky won't bring it.
@timkaine can we stop them from coming to Richmond next month? @GovernorVA
Where did all the BLM demonstrators come from???
Here's the asshole that incited this

Is that what you told your son after he set off smoke bombs, fireworks and maced people inside the capital building in St Paul? #hypocrite
So, Antifa & your son, can go to other states & it's ok?  Got it.
ANTIFA knew they were coming to Charlottesville to fight- they posted it, So they fight the KKK and turned C'ville streets to BLOOD!
Can you run for President in 2020 PLEASE. IM A DEMCRAT
So sorry for Va. come on now let's stop looking st race we are all the same we breath air eat food and bleed and hurt come in !!!
Yes Peace and Kindness for all!
Just   about time   n8cevtonsee the change   now try to be nice to your President   .it will make  you a better man .
You need to get the fool out of the white house.  Have you drafted the articles of Impeachment as yet? What the hell are you waiting on WW3?
Yeah, only your son, the criminal, should be allowed to attack people, right Senator?

Maybe you should try being a parent?
Very true indeed and we stand as nation to reject all forms of racism
People who hate others, hate because they're unhappy with their (lack of) accomplishments, and want someone to blame.
Learn who to pray to, before you think you can pray.
Ya had to throw in "praying" smdh...yeah...THAT will help!
Amen, Senator Kaine.
This is all on Trump. 

P.S. Democracy is dead in America.
Make sure you just don't point your fake finger at only one group
You mean antiFa?? Those cat??
It's the ones already in VA that are your problem.

Like the police who let it happen.

Hero first responders. Hah. Fucking co-conspirators.
don't pray  get out there and speak out against this nazis
Both sides???  I will agree with that Sir.
YOUR People, Antifas, Black Lies Matter and leftist fanatics were ATTACKING peaceful protesters. #YourPeople
Exactly right! Antifa neo nazis should have at least gotten a permit to march before they murdered and assaulted people!
Are you saying ANTIFA & NEO-NAZIS? BECAUSE ANTIFA ANNOUNCED THEY WERE COMING TO C'VILLE TO DESTROY TRUMP SUPPORTERS! ALL SIDES DIDN'T BELONG
PROUD to be a democrat.
Instead of prayers (you aren't talking to GOP religious zealot voters). DO SOMETHING!! Demand impeachment before it's to late
Nazis came to spew hate. They were armed.
@deltoscano did the anti protestors have a permit to be there with weapons and signs
Take the statue down.. it's a constant reminder of a hateful period of American history.  Even Lee did not want confederacy buried with him.
From reports of those there, the police didn't keep the 2 groups separated leading 2 the violence! Antifa knocked down the barrier. Sad day!
What a sad group of despicable humans.
That's all you got? Prayers? Dude, no! Do something.
Me too. I wonder if any of this would be happening if you were Vice President? To the presidents rants Play a part in allowing this behavior
Virginia is for love(ers) 
Was your son protesting again with the socialist?
@ChristopherHahn then tell that to BLM and Anti fa too
Sir, besides praying, can you maybe do something about @realDonaldTrump who has been spewing hate and inciting violence? #Charlottesville
Can you give an example of when President Trump has incited violence? An actual source with quotes, please.
Please mop the floor w/your opponent.  She said some inane stupid crap about conservative speech today. 

Find it & include it in your ads.
Please call them what they are: Nazis.
As soon as you begin to call Islamic terrorism by the same term. Can't have it both ways, snowflake. 
Trump does not stand for inclusion of anyone other than white men
But it's ok for BLM & ANTIFA, right?
The violence that has happened on both sides in V.A  is just shameful that our politicians have not prevented this sort of actions sooner !
Hold a hearing on this.
We need more than prayers, Senator.
I am not Christian but, if I was, I might suggest we pray for them too.  Love - not hate - your enemies.  Love more.
Yes, get BLM and Antifa out of VA!
I'll believe we stand for inclusion when I don't have to argue with the DMV over whether or not I'm a woman.
Tell Congress & POTUS that vague denouncements and even "thoughts and prayers" w/o direct condemnation of neo-Nazi violence is meaningless.
Thank you Senator Kaine
I mean yeah but this is nothing new-just more visible. 5% of world's pop w/ 25% incarcerated pop &POC over represented bc racist CJ policies
so is that an indirect condemnation of your son's Antifa group?

Get on the ball find some repubs to invoke article 25 or impeachment this will get worse&Athena NK nuke war coming2 45 incited this crap 
Thank you, Mr. Vice President.
Just saw Jack Kingston on @CNN . Those who don't get was is really going on in this country, heads in the sand SHOULD NOT represent it.
But trying to remove these statues and monuments that are our history (good or bad) is going backwards. We cant erase the past
I miss seeing your face.
Waiting for one of these tweets to address #Antifa, #BLM, or, if you want to be really progressive, contact Google about discriminating
Thank you!  Definitely more leadership than @realdonaldtrump.  A total loser
Nazis and white supremacists, sir. Those are the people coming to spew hate.
Keep the alt-right at bay. Neo-nazi's have no place in America.
Every politician who remains silent each & every time 45 spews hateful rhetoric is ultimately responsible for what transpired today.
A somber reminder - words matter; POTUS & his vitriol helped unleash the simmering hatred in U.S. - Truly a case of 'you reap what you sow'
liar, you do everything you can to divide this nation
Stop with the praying and start doing something of substance!!!
People who are Nazis and White Supremacists.
Say it. Name them. Call them out on it.
When will YOU release a statement condemning the violence by ALL the groups? Identity politics is the only play the DNC has left, right?
Yes Kaine,
You pray so hard, so hard! 
Pray the prey guilt away pray, pray, prey!

https://twitter.com/adamborchardt/status/896500449053884416 …
Thank you. But Congress must go further and do two things.
First, condemn racists, KKK, Nazis, and white supremacists. Second, Impeach!!!
I agree must condemn "ALL" RACIST, you left A LOT OF PEOPLE "GROUPS OFF YOUR LIST? "BLM" "ANTIFA" #Charlottesville
@timkaine If you are praying for peace, is there something you know that American citizens need to know?
You better do more than pray, Senator.
What will help to also vote to ban the Klu Klux Klan and have the group called what they deserve, which is terrorists.
You better act!  Get bipartisan support and stop this spiral into hell with American politics.
Racists came to VA but make no mistake @timkaine, many are Virginians. #Charlottesville isn't sleepy college town of tourism pamphlets.
But didnt you call for your Hillary loving sheep to fight in the streets?
It's time for senate to demand it be removed from WH. Bannon, Miller and Gorga stand by these views
I am glad you are my Senator but prayers help nothing.
Perhaps you should share your beliefs with your son.  Stamping out hate and violence begins at home -- in this case, YOURS!
Noone has a right to make people feel inferior without their permission.  Never given in to the darkness.  United States, not Whitest States
@itsmissdenise Senator, call it what it is White Nationalist Trump supporters.
People who came to VA to spew hate & incite violence have no place here. We stand for inclusion and will not go backwards. Praying for peace
With all due respect, they aren’t people. They are nazis.

gee timmy, been to berkeley lately. .visit sometime wearing a trump hat...
WellPublicized#Rally WellPosted#Resistance 
Where Were #TimKaine & @GovernorVA   WhereWhatWas Plan To Abide #DutyToMitigateDamages
This could apply to @realDonaldTrump as well as the #Republican Snowflake Nazis.
Too little MUCH too late. Protesters were using illegal weapons (tear gas etc) and u did nothing. I hope Virginians clue in and replace you.
Me too Senator.
Praying is a waste of time... As my rep. I rather you did something substantive with your time.
Denounce right wing terrorism.
#SaveDemocracy #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Senator, you and other elected Dems need to be MORE FORCEFUL! Call out the "President" for not condemning white supremacists!
What are you all going to do ? Trump incites this hate! What the hell will you all in Congress and Senate do?
