Please keep fighting! I want my country back
It's evil. Mean doesn't cover it.
Republicans think, "22 million", is fake news, when I can guarantee that 9/10 of those 22 million vote Republican.
Millions more have dropped out because they cannot afford it.  What's your point.
blatantly horrible...
Doesn't seem as if you're convinced.If you voted for him you were not here(anywhere)during campaigns.It's a democracy! Not for long though.
You have to be dumb or evil.Not interested in which.It's a helpless situation.North Korea comes to mind(others).Read all about it.
Hard working American s should not have to pay for everyone s Insurance
Be glad you have a job.
I am glad I have a job government should keep its nose out of healthcare and let business owners take care of providing ins. for  workers
22 million or more is on track to lose coverage anyways. Who is lining your pocket with the current healthcare bill?
And you complain over Trumps tweeting.  You and Warner have some busy fingers...#whiningTim
As long as drumpf & evil cronies get tax cuts, they do not care!!'
It sounds like we're well past the adjective "mean" and should more appropriately call it "heartless"!
From the same horrifying set of people.
Thank u 4 speaking out. U also offered to help fix Obamacare but #45 would not listen
I think about that many were fixing to be kicked off obamacare.
Tom, we know you're PO'd about not being VP with crooked Hillary, but please, for God's sake, get over it!!!
You ran on a ticket with a criminal who colluded with the DNC to win the primary. Don't tell us about what's "mean"
Quit preying on the uneducated
Maybe we should all listen to senator Kaine. One of the few sane senators.
Gee, what did all those people do back in the dark ages of 2009?
Hell just drop it altogether
Are the CBO analysts pro-Trump, anti-Trump or neutral?
get ur facts straight, Dems say 10 15 22M
Will lose coverage get ur party on 1 page decide what numberwant to lie about obama Care is dead
It is mean, mean..mean. Evil!!! #theresistance
And your answer?  Oh I know...O'care!
Please help turn some repubs they can't all want to kill us!!
We are way beyond mean. The descriptors Horrendous,devastating,murderous,unconscionable come to mind
Old Man Mitchell thinks all meanness is just mean.
This bill has nothing to do with care....#TrumpDeathBill, #McConnellDeathBill or #13meninhidingdeathbill.  Now those more describe it.
The ordinary Republicans, who are not rich like congress & the cabinet  - what do they understand about this.Shouldn't they be speaking out?
#dumptrumpcare
You are so dishonest, it's pathetic. Don't think 25 states plus without insurers under OBC is a great plan. Come up with something Tim.
The only "horror" is the level of yr hypocrisy.
Put all politicians on same healthcare as the citizens and we would have the perfect healthcare
What about premium increases on older Americans. Please don't ignore that.
DEATHCARE
It just exposes that their "plan" is a mix of Not Obama + 50 Years Ago Thinking (or maybe it's 70, or 100, or ...)
It's not mean, Tim. Call it what it truly is: EVIL.
That is a misstatement, 23million could in 9 years. Meanwhile $119 billion deficit reduction.
You lost.
#TrumpTrain
Ocare has collapsed and will not be covering anyone so if Trump care covers anyone it's better than your failed coverage. what's your point?
They want tax cuts for rich they don't care about health care or American lives!
Stop calling it Trumpcare. He didn't write it, Senate and House Republicans did.
Fear mongering, name calling. This is the democratic party doing the only thing it knows how to do.
Preach it, Brother.
And WHO are the 22 million under the report? Proof is in the pudding
stop calling it mean and be more correct-a “genocidal bill.” I got you @timkaine
It's dropped by a million.   Let's do it.
don't you mean they must DROP this bill all together??
You own Obamacare now!!!!!

Obstructionist politics is why you can't win. #nevertiredofwinning
Ohhh Trump is going to get you Senator Kaine for using his word "mean" #VoteNoAHCA
Lol
You do know one stat explains nothing. Look at the whole picture. Are these expanded MedicAid ppl that the govt pays for any way. Go to hell
SENATOR SHRED IT !AND START TOGETHER ON A COMPREHENSIVE GREAT BILL GOP AND DEMS !

#CelebratingA4ThOfYourLiesTrump: Next Stop Impeachment & Jail Time. Sincerely yours, one combat veteran. 
What was the CBO score on the ACA? Might point exactly.
#trumpcareless
@SenBobCorker phone is busy, got through to Lamar's HC liaison. Politely expressed rage/dismay/disgust
You're confused, that was Obamacare
Lol it's impossible to estimate when something is minimized. They don't know how many will gain, so naturally they can only act at a loss.
Stop these corrupted Republicans traitors!!!#TrumpRussia
Republicans screwed up on Hurricane Katrina, screwed up Iraq War,  now poised to screw up healthcare. They can't govern. Just fix the ACA!
How about just drop the bill altogether and concede that ACA is good and just needs to work through its growing pains?
Are you nukin futs
You are the self-proclaimed Christian so you can explore your faith and see if it supports a bill that steals healthcare from 22 million.
I'm sure some of your GOP colleagues are disappointed that more people won't be uninsured.
just as a note, the CBO estimate does not take into account the grant system
Singer payer like every other country
Giving people the right to choose without the threat of a gun barrel pointed at them if they say "No".........wouldn't that be the opposite.
It's not about coverage it's about saving the budget
Get the federal government out of our Healthcare
15M almost immediately (2018) is an even bigger story.
Then get with @RandPaul  and do something about it and stop your whining!
How many are currently uninsured right now under Obamacare?
How many children?
