I'm confident that most of those folks would get health insurance if they saved their money and got jobs.
Your uniformed.Most have jobs, are disabled, elderly, Native American living in poverty,. Its a choice of healthcare or feed their children
Don't be silly. Disabled and elderly qualify for Medicaid. These folks should improve their skills or find innovative solutions.
You need to get informed as under this they do not!  Improve their skills?  How can they when those programs are cut now?  It's a no win.
Here's an idea. Maybe if they spent less money on alcohol and marijuana, invested money, and got better jobs this wouldn't be a problem?
So you assume all poor drink or smoke dope?  I know now that you are absolutely misinformed or live in a rich environment away from the poor
Congress man just said that most of these are people that would choose not to have ins. That's how it is supposed to work you choose not gov
Right. What can you do. It's not govt right to force anyone to buy anything.
U buy car insurance don't u?
Yes and the gov't doesn't subsidize it at all.ANY kind of insurance isn't an entitlement.America funds charities 4those in need&can't work
Well aren't you the heartless one. Bet u wish they'd bring back poor houses and work farms.
Liar!
Tim we are with you 1000%.
How about the millions and millions that lost and continue to lose under Obamacare
You are a LIAR! Try reading and comprehend!
Is this the same company you used for data polls gathering this info? Just stop and focus on 2018... you ran a putrid campaign
Broken promises? You're right! "If you like your healthcare you can keep it!"
Not from what I'm reading.  Get informed.
Trump Care has not been enacted, hence your comment of broken promises is a LIE. Almost as big as "You can keep your doctor."
Please keep fighting! Don't cave. Thank you!
But the current Affordable Health Care isn't working either.  Health care needs fix.  Do something besides complaining
23 million people watched Pence kick your ass in the debate.
no tom they just have to pay like the rest of us
@dscc which is more than double the people that signed up for ObamaCare...
This cannot get through!
Just 23 million FREE loaders.
Yet ObamaCare rates are rising higher and higher!  The CBO report was way off for ObamaCare.
Why is it so scary to push for  #universalhealthcare
Looking at reality HRC'S PUPPET 20+ million have no health care now. So #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether pushing an unsubstantiated claim
What will you do to stop this disaster? #Trumpcare
Wow, you are ignorant. It's actually shocking to me how dumb deplorable Trumpkins are.
You left out lower deficits and lower premiums under the new deal. Very convenient of you
Yeah the trumpy trolls have been sent into overtime with the inevitable demise of their orange demigod.
Nothing says EIGHT years of GOP hard work down the drain like a pathetic TRUMPCARE bill. CBO.
No they won't; now they'll actually have the $ to get care because they weren't forced to spend it on OC with too high ded. so no care. Dumb
More than 23 million can't use their insurance under obamacare.
47% of this country don't even work and get "Medicaid" paid by me. Boot these freeloaders into the workforce then you can talk. #CBOscore
You obviously do not know where that 47% figure comes from and how it is composed.
You know a good way to #resist this? Working with Trump's party to authorize the use of military force for some fucking reason durdurrdurrrr
You mean promises like "You can keep your doctor" "You can keep your healthcare plan" #CBOscore
Kaine still pissed he's not in white house
Tim you are like herpes. Everytime we think you have finally gone away you poo up with some unpleasant BS
Be quiet #windowlicker
If you like your plan you can keep your plan. Costs will decrease $2,500. Please. Do you think we are dumb.
Tim you are #fakenews
23 million out of 321 million?
Please don't abandon us Tim America needs you Tim I'm sorry the Russians did to America what they did 2myCuba I warned everyone No1Listened
Fight this bill!
It's up to the Senate now - #VoteNoAHCA 
Don't do this to the American people!!
@SenateDems @SenateGOP 

#ProtectOurCare
Waaaaaaaaaaaa!"
CBO not accurate, already been debunked.
Why not try Sen Sander's Universal program?  Run that through the CBO.
Why is healthcare in the US continually so expensive, yet service is poor in comparison to other countries in the globe? #Trumpcare
Not as bad as Obamacare's broken promises
This alt-president thing is about as bad as expected.
Are you ascared you will have to move out of your parents basement and get a JOB
Quit your crying
Loca Insipida de que tu hablar? MissGurl what are U taking about MissGirl that facepic of Urs is horrible
Republicans are soulless creatures
America poor anyways
Sad day when you and I are on the same side.
u pedo?
