...treatment for mental health & substance abuse disorders, Rx drugs, pediatric care, helping people w/disabilities & chronic diseases 2/2
Duh. Catastrophic care coverage. Imagine that.
#SinglePayer why are we so behind so many countries? Stop tweeting and get #SinglePayerNow save lives
@wbtegra Age Tax 4Seniors in#Graham-Cassidy! NoWe're already the worst of "Leading" Nations, regarding treatment of Elderly
Thank you for ALWAYS fighting for VIRGINIANS healthcare.
I know you will do everything you can. It is exhausting to watch...can't imagine how exhausting it is to be fighting the same battle again.
OK. Kaine.  Can we see your plan?
Futile to provide plan. GOP won't listen.
here is the plan to stabilize https://schrader.house.gov/uploadedfiles/solutions_over_politics_stabillizing_and_improving_the_individual_market.pdf …
Thank you for the link!

If you too are disappointed in Sen @BillCassidy #GrahamCassidy let them know it - call (202) 224-3121 
Repeal ACA now! U broke it now fix it
Trump & co. broke it.
Virginia needs to expand Medicaid IMHO
Will they pay for suicide pills for seniors ?
Not good!
Please continue to fight for those of us without a voice. Thank you.
Please vote NO
Are they still paying for Viagra?
An "Age Tax"? They are insane.
And yet still covers viagra. How is that not nonessential compared to newborn care?
And the GOP gets to keep their cushy Insurance while they're shoving this killer Bill down all of our throats
THEY DIDN'T GO IN TO WRITE A HEALTHCARE BILL, THEY WENT IN SEARCH OF MONEY TO TAKE OUT OF IT.
Very disturbing. Stop #trumpcare as this is even worse than the prior attempts to jam it down America's throat. Full CBO disclosure b4 vote!
Heartless
Obamacare is a scam to rip-off the People's $ and freedom of choice!
Obamacare is Socialist Health Care!
Nope!
Age tax guess who gets screwed
Thank you for fighting for your constituents and for fighting #GrahamCassidy.
Please vote "no," Senator Kaine. Encourage Mark & all others to do likewise.
How can they even call this a health care bill?!! At best it is insurance regulation reform!
Sounds like another "BAD"deal!!!!
Why don't republicans just state what they're doing in plain english, killing Americans to get tax breaks for the  filthy rich
.@senrobportman #VoteNOGrahamCassidy. Bring the Senate to #RegularOrder. Hold #PublicHearings. Wait for a #CBOScore
Every one gets tax except congress you guys are a joke. Pay 1.3 how about we raise taxs on congess in filter that money through America
They are...
you know, I'm confident you will lie you a** off about anything the republicans propose.  You would disagree if they said the sun was hot.
Pro life, lol!
actually it gives states freedom to implement a plan their state wants...not something mandated by DC
Let us get it right. Congress takes the plan that the common people have and as Barack said, Illegals will not be covered by the ACA
Really, can you post that section so we can read it? Have you actually read it, or been told this?
This is a blow to weaken America by weakening the population! 
No way GOP is working for Americans!
This is out of the Question! Wake the Heck up America!!
It's heartless. How can you exclude maternity? Oh we don't want your pregnancy paid for but you can't get an abortion! Typical GOP logic.
Thanks for the death panels - .@GOP @LindseyGrahamSC @SenateMajLdr particularly how this treats women. Groper in Chief must love this.
Disgusting!
What a plan --each  proposed bill gets worse ----thank you Senator Kaine & keep fighting for us !
Then they should of worked together from the start
The state should not be waiving protections for its citizens , thats up to each state
Pay attention...People over Party!!!
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
How r u going to get some GOP senators to stand up to this crazy. Where's McCain and Collins
What in the hell is wrong with these people?
And pre-existing conditions will make patients PAY- "bleed money, not blood" is GOP  arrangement.
Please continue to fight against these horrid plans that GOP keeps throwing out.
Can you stop the sadistic Senators and Congressmen
Once again thank you from a grateful Breast Cancer survivor this is horrendous
@lisamurkowski sen Kaine is looking out for constituents' interests. Are you? They will take $ from AK elderly, disabled, poor
OMG please get this out
Please, Senator, please protect us.
We say trump is not fit for office ,niether is #GOP Republicans .
Anything to distract from Russian Collusion
Don't you need a single payer system to pay medical for life in order to reduce malpractice costs, which reduces cost of all health care?
IS THIS PERSON NUTS?  TAXING SENIORS WHO ARE HAVING A HARD TIME ON THEIR FIXED INCOMES.  WHY ALL THIS EVIL NOW?  THANKS REPUBLICANS, AGAIN!
Why? Why why why why? I ask in all sincerity.
OMG..An age tax..?..Is he forcing us to kill ourselves at 65yrs..Cause we sure as hell, can't afford to live..
When R your GOP colleagues going 2 stop their anti ACA tantrums & get some actual constructive work done?  So tired of this.
Age tax?  Also referred to risk exposure.  Why should a poorer healthier and younger generation subsidize an older richer group?
Thank you for protecting Virginians and speaking out against #GrahamCassidy
Counting on you @timkaine and @MarkWarner to oppose the heck out of the awful #GrahamCassidy !!!
Define what "protections" means. States must decide how to handle specific costs. Feds can't solve every need. Schumer knows this will pass.
I'm starting to like it more and more. Dem's are out in full force.
I know that President Trump will not sign anything to hurt us.
It also ends Medicaid for our most vulnerable population.

This @GOP bill is even worse than the last ones. Thanks @timkaine and @MarkWarner for voting no.
Im just greatful that my Mom passed with dignity and left no medical bills her healthcare covered her cancer treatment and no cap on cover
You operate in fear mongering but I think you and your leftist buddies are scared because nobody listens to or believes you.
And their against abortion!!?? This bill is an abortion to the weak. Old, young, Newborns. Don't want to eliminate in the womb.,but at birth
There will be an uptick in suicides, abortions, and bankruptcies. Plus ppl not seeking treatment for medical conditions. Does anyone care?
Seems not...
Vote NO
Good deal(sarcasm)Did #GOP remembr 2incl #EuthanasiaClause-Might as well.No Funding medical Care 4 #Veterans either #Dems seem duplicitous 2
This is NOT who we are or who we should be. Call you Senators No to #GrahamCassidyBill NO
This must be really good for Americans. You can tell because every Democrate is against it.
I'm looking forward to it
#McResistance = #resist #SinglePayerNow
What's an age tax? On seniors
These jerks can't get past the "age tax" among other things. 
None of that goes away. All money goes to States.Not complicated. Easy fix for starters. Socialism sucks.
That is hideous.
Yes so states can decide if those things are what they want. Voters decide health care not bureaucrats
@timkaine so incredibly grateful to have you and @MarkWarner speaking and voting for Virginia
Why shouldn't the elderly pay their fare share, why instead should a young person pay for far more than they use?
and yet you haven't put your support behind #MedicareForAll?  Your outrage at this bill rings hollow until you do something about it
Freakin' great.
GOP wants the $ from ACA subsidies & Medicaid for top% tax cuts
Thank you for fighting this disaster
It's time to name the GOP an official terror organization.
This is madness
