When my dad was 64 he was living on $700/month retirement benefit. His sparse savings in a 401K made him ineligible for assistance
@JAQ_1001 #VoteNoTrumpCare
@ItsBouquet you are not considering the outcomes - your whole health care system (sales, services and insurance) is BROKEN
hahaha were do you go after this with your Hate. Trump owns you!!!!
so glad I am in Australia as I don't even earn that much in a month!! #publichealthcare works everywhere else, why not USA
Dear GOP:
You can't call yourselves Christians 
and reject care for sick, poor, elderly
@GOP can't call themselves pro life and sign a healthcare bill like this
But that's exactly what many do. Save a fetus, but screw them after birth. Great plan. Such humanity.
uhhh!!!! Makes me feel like I should adopt a senior citizen and get them on my healthcare! For shame So called republicans!
@MarieTitus9 it's #Chumpcare ! An awful plan to kill us off.
Don't let repubs sell their votes to trump while deserting their constituents.
keep fighting! We can't afford this!!
I hope all the older Americans in Florida that voted for this mad man are happy when they can't go to Dr.
But those are the people that voted for him so apparently they can handle it.
Do you mean "monthly?"
ABSOLUTELY NOT ACCEPTABLE! 
I was paying $860 per month and had to pay $6,500 before I could use it before I turned 65.
MONTHLY? Deplorable. I will no longer be able to afford to purchase health insurance.
@ProudlyLiberal2 Only the rich could afford Trumpcare.
This is so maddening.
@TrumpSucksAlwys AND LET'S NOT FORGET THE JOBS LOST BCZ OF THE COLLASPE OF HEALTHCARE AND THE HOSPITALS AND NURSING HOMES
don't forget how much deductibles will go up that's a bad combo #TrumpCare
who the heck can afford that?
but that's OK for us in the middle class??!
I thought this was supposed to be better doesn't look like it to me!
Is there still a Kevorkian hotline? #TrumpDontCare #MakingAmericaSickAgain
Death stations for those of us who don't want to go through starving. Ex$ 4 disposal
the bill you passed is killing VA,S business. This disaster is on your back. You will not be re elected.
I'm 67 years old. I couldn't even afford half of that premium each month!
That just means people will go to the emergency room
thats insane!!!
@TassajaraRd Them we'll all bail out and the greedy insurance companies can go suck eggs
@TrumpSucksAlwys but our rich people are struggling to buy their 4th or 5th house w/o this tax cut
The bill is a horrible nightmare that nobody seems to want and nowhere near what pres promised.And he is promoting it. Crooked don
Even living in the street eating out of garbagesdumpsters  many of us could not afford that.Bodies will be stacked on the street.
says who, the folks who said #Obamacare would lower rates?
REAL FACTS
My mom is 84, has few Rx, bills, and a very limited SS$. Folks like her CAN not afford to pay another penny toward healthcare. 
Who's going to be able to pay for this? No one I know...
Well get off your lazy ass and push for single payer then!
Idevastating expense increases for older people. Many will be bankrupt by these costs- not health care - Is tax cut for rich folk / we pay.
additional $3,200 per month or per year?
Please keep fighting for us. The health care in this country is ridiculously overpriced. Out of reach for so many.
of billionaires not understandng basic human concpts o reg human beings. They prolly think candy bar costs $75 rather thn 75 cents
Who tasked @FBI to spy on @realDonaldTrump, who directed them to put innocent campaign activities into reports & to unmask names @timkaine?
Tim, you should emphasize "MONTHLY!"
remmbr when Bush said kids shld jst ask their parents for $ if they can't afford college themselves? This is Trump & his cabinet
I pay full price out of pocket. $8,000 now. No discounts. Can't afford another $3200.
That's insane. So many ways to cut costs. Doctor's on demand, in-home testing.  Prevention
Sounds great for people on a fixed income...vote NO
B S give us are chose back get the gov. out of it
this will leave my immediate family without health care.  PLEASE STOP THIS MADNESS!  I'm a Virginia resident.
monthly?
Does this include competition? I know it doesn't with Obamacare. U need to vote for this. U can be voted out and u will.
that scary I'm 63...
Or, obviously, NO insurance bcuz no longer affordable.
I'm 63. I can't pay a premium that high. #TrumpCare is a death sentence for me. 
my mom just turned 63 and is on the ACA in CA. Any tax cut I get will go to pay her new premiums if new #wealthcare bill passes.
exactly 1 year before medicare kicks in, unless late stage renal disease in which case medicare eligible @ 63. Hi risk higher cost
Not to mention the average 64 year old voted for #Trump. You might want to address that issue as well.
That's way over what I even get per month. Say goodbye to many Seniors; we WILL die rapidly because we can't get healthcare
That's how much I'll save on taxes.  #Trumpcare take healthcare away from the people who are in need and give it to the wealthy.
I'm not a fan of 45 or Trumpcare but I sure hope you mean yearly not monthly cuz I'll be one of those older folks!!
this means anyone 60-64 will NOT have insurance. who in right mind unless a millionaire/billionaire would/could pay that much???
stop lying
Trump can't. And you're a willingly ignorant fool who's just been blocked for immense stupidity.
.@timkaine Sounds like an awesome idea. I sure hope that the DNC can figure out how to message this properly.
not true, your speculation is shit
