He can't even work with @SpeakerRyan
U and all liberals are the problem with this country resist resist ur time timmy boy is coming u mfker
Obama tried that with ACA. They won't play.
Shame he didnt take ur advise and decided to give a hate speech at his rally instead. 
Can I get an AMEN! It's disgraceful & delusional for abt Republican to refer to any Democrat as obstructionist! What arrogance!#robberbarron
. Dream on!  He's a monster!!
i love you, but, he'll NEVER be pres and he certainly isn't now. he's illegitimate.
I just checked, and he's still President.
he's illegitimate, a criminal and in bed w/putin, that's not a U.S.  president.
#iamapreexistingcondtion
House & Congress are responsible for the partisan standstill we have in DC. U don't care about Virginians. U care about the party
He needs to repeal that law that's why I  voted for him and why I won't be voting for u in 2018
No Constitutional authority for federal government to do anything health care related. Review our Constitution.
It's not obamacare it's #obamacide! Never had I EVER been denied medication until #obamacide went into place!
Bipartisan health care legislation...like the Democrats did? Check your bias, Timmy.
Do you have the ACA? I think you should!
Instead of wasting time undoing what prev POTUS accomplished, why not go forward & build on it. And how about no aisles in Congress.
WELL SAID !
Answer the damn questions or u just spew out the mouth with no answers  I'm going to resist u  and vote conservative in the great comofva
You and hildabeast lost an election because Americans wanted ACA repealed, so, No.
Only if we can impeach the guy
GOP health care bill sticks is not could at all quick doing this it leave it.  Alone I
Have your leader Shoe mer...get with it and stop being an obstructionist
After these 100 days, it's obvious, just 1 foreign misstep and more of OUR  personal freedom lost via HOMELAND SECURITY process! NO! NO! NO!
No healthcare plan will have affordable rates without caps on health insurance and drug companies.
Was so glad to hear Tim announce he now is covering all his family under Obamacare. He really cares enough to do that for us. Wait...what?
@SenateDems why don't you stop trying to be a senator?
Obama and the democrats brought us the ACA. Its failure lies at their feet so let. Trump is cleaning up the mess.
Yay!
...exactly, and I would be thrilled if he did.....  That would mean he's growing up. Still waiting.
Trump cannot relate to being one illness away from losing everything you worked for all your life. He doesn't care about the average person.
What did u do to improve it during the last administration?
I doubt this narcissist is capable of working with others.  All he does is lie.
YES!!
Hi Tim.   Bannon is behind all this he wants to destroy democracy. Only choice is remove DT & his destructive admin.
He will never truly try to bring the Dems & Repubs together. He does not know what he's doing. And too old to learn. Stop being naïve, nice.
You're asking too much
I bet you wish you were vp dont you you better switch to the winning side because u losers will never get anywhere with ur worthless party
Ru next to get payed 400000 for a speech
Socialism and medical care should not b together. Unless u wants single payer--Social Medicare
Tim.   Socialist
I haven't watched the news since he stole the election.   I just can't.   I respect Matlock, Andy Griffith and Columbo more.
Cant make silk purse out of sow;s ear!Cant make President without class or experience or diplomacy!What can go wrong?Will!
Totally agree Senator. But, zero cooperation with climate deniers and those who want to gut ACA, EPA, and all the rest. Resist.
Impossible. His only agenda is himself and his rich minions. #MostCorruptPOTUS
Trump uses 'the People' & 'Americans'. Dem divide LGBT, BLM, Latino, etc.
Ppl want ObamaTrash out. Dem blocked repeal for HATE!
There is no bring dems and rep together ur told to resist at all cost question where u at white house with all Sen to meet about north kor
He would if congress would act like adults instead of spoiled little kids
Senator Kane, you need to approach some of your most trusted Dem. & Rep. friends in senate and take control. Make a bipartisan proposal.
If memory serves it took many years to get AHCA passed. 100 days isnt the marker for reforming healthcare that isn't working for the people
Or, he could let it implode on itself. The Obama health insurance package was designed as a uni partisan deal.
Yes!
Obamacare sucks. Liberals are just to dumb to know it.
Mr Kaine, stop wasting time on this man , and focus on rebuilding the Democratic Party. You're wasting time!
Senator, I admire your positivity. It's honorable. But DT is beyond reason, and the best thing you can do for America is impeach him.
President Trump is running circles around the democrats. Obama was the worst most corrupt racists incompetent and dishonest President ever
You're so optimistic! Thanks!
Instrad of trying to block everything our president does. Try joining him to MAGA
Can we please just impeach him? Pretty please? He clearly is not fit to be president. Did he even read any of the documents he signed?
Ha, that's hilarious. quote from senator Pelosi regarding AHCA, "we have to pass it to know what's in it." Doubt she read it....
Quit dreaming Sen. Start impeaching the traitor. Please. #Trumprussia
I see your still in loserville,your suggestions are tolerated but never exercised
The right way to go in the interest of the people and our nation. It's time 2radically move away from divisive politics to serve the people
@timkaine, I wish you were our president. #resist
@SenateDems that's what needs to be done & what my tax$ pay you for. Work together, stop foolishness and make USA work
I can't believe you have the gall to post this BS after the Divider In Chief Obama. Quit stealing my money to buy votes!
He still has an opportunity to be a unifier, before he is impeached.
to bring us together Trump would have to stop being petty--not going to happen. DJT loves wearing the cloak of pettiness.
Why??? Dems didn't bring anyone together. Obama created the MOST divided USA ever!
Repeal & Replace or bust. Ocare is going down eventually. Either by Govt or by its own collapse.
Still butt hurt after you and Hillary were crushed Timmy?
Hi Tim.  Virginian here.  Don't want him to bring Ds and Rs together ... want him and his administration impeached for treason.  Thanks.
Admire the idealism, Sir. But 100 days is enough to see there will be no 'pivot' to uniting. He is the divider we observed from the start.
It's clear that will never happen. Stop pretending this admin is any kind of normal. What are you doing to get rid of them?
There's on problem with this logic Senator, the man's an idiot.
Single payer...
Come on Sen. We all know 45 is wreaking havoc on everything he touches. We should be happy when he golfs. To busy to do more damage.
That would be great except for the ideologue R!s that can care less
Here's an idea, lets all stop trying to convert Trump or his followers. They're a minority who have benefited from open minds & abused that
Sadly,  he still thinks the presidency is about him, he's forgotten the US
#Treason #Investigate #Impeach #Imprison Rinse and repeat for every @GOP who colluded and or obstructed justice too!
Really? 
Trump doing that?  
#boguspotus ?
Sit down, Tim. You won't "come together," no matter what. Your dribble is old. You lost. Sit down.
Down in the back row Meg. Take your meds honey.
good luck to us humans
Yes! Now how? Do you have some concrete steps? Please!
We are beyond that now.  You have to work to get him Removed!
what is clear is that @HillaryClinton & u had the election stolen by russia. sympathizers
Amen to that!
That's rich coming from the party that's accused him of being a Russian puppet for 100 days.
How does he not see that is how he starts WINNING?
That would imply @realDonaldTrump cares about anyone other than himself.
Best POTUS we have had in along time.
Yes yes yes!
a great negotiator could make that happen @DFWIndivisible @realDonaldTrump
you have lost it. He's a traitor. Act like it.
Won't happen.  Trump & @GOP have made it clear they won't work with anyone & are in it to bankrupt the country.
How are you gonna bring "D's" to the table when all you people know of "R's" is Resist!! How about you be first to step over the line bigboy
@timkaine I'm so beyond this.....Trump is an absolute monster and we need to get him out of office.  Please work to impeach!
It should be clear, you are not VP (thank God) and Pres Trump is doing all right things!
The mating call of the loser, hope you can hang on to your seat! NOT
Yes Senator!!... Trump Keeps Bashing Obama-Care but It Is Working For Millions... He Needs To Move-On And Get Something Done!!!... Anything!
Even better if you impeach him! @impeachdtnow
@jpmorgan @bpolitics @freedomcaucus
What is the Democrats' growth plan? What are ANY of your plans.. aside from whining. You are wasting our time
The WACKO Republicans Have The House/Senate And President. Yet, they get NOTHING Done!!!... They Are Disorganized - Don't Blame Democrats!!
Damn, You Win!!... That Is The Dumbest Reply I Have Read In A Month!!... If You Can't Tell The Parties Apart - You Need Mental Evaluations!
Ok
Yr stance IRT ACA is absolutely unsupported by fact from any source unless yr goal is a single payer system controlled by feds. Is it?
Sorry Senator.... he does not have the desire or capabilities to carry off such a task. His desire was to tear all apart
Maybe you should quit worrying about repeal and try to fix a failing system. Who gives a damm about OBUMMERCARE

He's your prez for 8 years snowflakes
Find a way to bring MORE insurers to every state market and therefore bring back the old capitalistic idea of COMPETITION to lower prices.
"should be clear"...Yes. Is it? Doubtful.
Oh please. You know that there is no chance to bipartisanship. Trump and the Republicans are only interested in complete submission.
stop obstructing and help out instead of constantly degrading him and only caring about the party and not the american people
I'm certainly not going to hold my breath waiting for him to grow up and get a brain.
Please don't hold ur breath.
Unfortunately, he is the most divisive president in history, and shows no interest in being a unifier.
#Democrats don't want to work together or improve healthcare for all. Your party is going down the crapper.
#Trump
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
He can't make money off it.  Can you do anything about his constant spending on vacations
Did you tell that to #Obama? @TonyPhyrillas @potus @FoxNews
Obama Didn't Need Help - He Was Wise... Trump Has Problems - He Is Obnoxious.
Ur response deserves no response...other than perhaps you should take an aeronautical intercourse with a transversal pastry.
The state wants to interview me to see if my seizure disorder is "preexisting" umm?
Thank you Tim. Imagine a POTUS willing to listen to and work WITH others. Yeah, I miss the last 44 presidents too.
Let's be real -that's not happening. Not sure how twe survive 4 years of this chaos. Where is the independent investigation on russiagate?
This president doesn't care about bringing the country together.
Sounds like obuma
Amen Senator.
That's brilliant Tim. We have waited on you to say that. Now if you can get your other democrat friends to stop chanting dump trump.
DUMP TWITLER!
He will never be that because #Trumprussia
After #trump100days it should be clear he isn't equipped to bring people together
We dont care about the haters
