thank you so much ! As a person who has Neurocardiogenic syncope...we need more awareness and funding ! You are wonderful !
@scyeatts before enhanced medicad I had to pay for life flight in helicopter out of my own pocket 11,000 dollars
Senator, the fight is on. I am most fearful about Medicare and SS.  I am disabled, 61. SSDI gives me $739 a month net. Just saying
would, could, should. I could have been a millionaire but I am not
It would have been so great to have you as our Vice President! 
You deserve a Purple Heart for showing up!
Excuse me for clarification purposes. Would she be denied health care, or health insurance?
Did she recognize your ignorance as the place erupted so many times?
.@timkaine the rest of us are going bankrupt and having to do layoff's to afford ACA! Catch 22, you may not see both sides of the story.
am so great full for Obama care i became very ill last Oct had to quit my job &I'm disabled now after working2jobs most of my life
see the Trump trolls are triggered by your trolling of Trump tonight.  Keep doing the good work Senator!!!
that means you're doing something right
yes!!! You must take a stand even when it isn't popular!
.@timkaine I'm A Middle Class Business Owner. Nothing Affordable about ACA. My Family Won't  Be Insured This Year Due to Cost Obamacare
thanks to the greed of corporate #america not #ACA
:-0 @idlbeokay_bob @timkaine If you missed it, Ted Cruz Just Schooled Bernie Sanders about the failure of Obamacare.
funny b/c @tedcruz is too stupid to school anybody abt anything.
It aired on your #FakeNews network Of Choice @CNN. They even got caught trying to rig it & @tedcruz still won
I literally don't have cable or satellite only an antenna, so CNN is out maybe #pbs
I say we take your gov care and make you sign up for Obama care , bet then you all could come up with a replacement
mind boggling but  all those raving about ACA probably don't have a clue that Congress opted out of being included
and shouldn't that say something about the plan that is screwing the rest of us
If they fight it , I would love if Trump said okay this is your new insurance. I know , I can dream though
They can't fight it, Obamacare Failed and is Collapsing...
in case you missed it!! President Trump talked about replacing with something better! It only works for a fraction of Americans!
Or is she like the other millions paying to much for health insurance because of Democrats failed healthcare bill?
Thanks for wearing the turquoise ribbon for @Dysautonomia awareness! Millions of #POTS patients, almost no NIH funding.
@TomPerez_DNC Repeal and replace with something better!
when is your town hall tim
And like millons are being over charged with substandard coverage. This is a failing illconcieved plan and it needs to be repealed
How about MY healthcare that went UP 150%? Its healthy people like ME who PAY who REALLY take care of people in her shoes...
how do you know?  Have you seen the "Replacement?"  Be fair!  The ACA is NOT working for the majority of Americans!
ACA is a sinking ship and Mr Kaine you are not telling the people the truth.It either needs a major overhaul or replacing
i don't want to pay for her healthcare! i pay a fortune for my own insurance, and get no coverage cause of the $3000 deductible
are those teal ribbons you are wearing? we wear them for my grandmother, myself, and others.. Thank you!
Why Don't U pay 4 her ins.Cuz we're tired of paying for EVERYONE ELSE! FED UP. 
Just keep being the Turn Coat U he bn since U Lost
wcg50 was it hard to find a plant what's the going rate why should we believe a politician
You're looking a little crazed Tim. Should we keep ACA and let it implode before doing anything? Let us know.
thank you, my family would not have access to #healthcare if it wasn't for #ACA  aka #Obamacare God bless you  @BarackObama
And millions of others (LIKE ME) had it taken away. When will you in DC get any common sense in your brains?
What health care?  It's useless!  I do not know one person who has been able to use it!  Repeal!  Replace!
He looks like the joker
no one is denying anyone healthcare, not getting some for free is not denying
well people like her can afford insurance now and my insurance has gone up so much I can't afford the copay to go see a doctor
the ACA is not affordable!
Thank you for working to save the ACA!
We support you and the ACA!
Play me.But seriously,we need sane moderates like you in both parties.Wish you were our VP.
idiot
I lost my Blue Cross I had since 1991 and my full time because you Democrats put that 30 hour clause in there to help the rich.
I hope you soon go to work for a solution.  Anyone can rant and rave.  Roll you sleeves up and go to work.  Tim kaine.
your
comb your hair please
if so great ? Not ! Why are you exempted? Thought so you effing clown 
You're a fool, you don't know what the replacement will be yet! You should be locked up for inciting riots!
@barkmartin @timkaine get a job like the rest of us. Money doesn't grow on trees. We all need to Do Our Job.
If it's so good then why isn't Congress using it?  How about Federal Employees?
keep fighting the good fight senator
am I less important 2 u because I don't promote ur agenda? Because of ACA I may b w/o health care 4 1st time n adult life.
did you invite her speaking Spanish? You liberal, pandering, hack. 

#PresidentTrump #MAGA #JointAddress #FakeNews
Sen. Kaine, when do responsible adults say enough 2 this madman? Trump: Jews Staged Anti-Semitic Incidents
Oh yeah? well I've got Steve Mnuchin there who will GAIN a massive tax break on his millions in income! Checkmate!
hey did those kick back Pearson checks start rolling in again since Terry appointed your wife back to education!
How bout the millions that can't afford ur ACA?????  U don't care about the real problems! All a game to u dems! Sick
More crazy Kaine LIES. You have a comprehension problem Senator, @POTUS isn't denying anyone healthcare. Sit down and shut up!
Also did I mention I am so happy you are not our VP 
thanks for continuing to screw us with complete failure of obama care! Time to go to confession again! Oops you support abortion!
Maybe you should pay her triple digit premium increase.
The Non-Affordable Crap Act is GARBAGE!!! #ACA
Was great to see you earlier this afternoon!
does she have a job? Then she can pay for just like the rest of us
like you failed Appomattox Timmy! ACA is a complete failure, if she trust u she's crazy! My premiums have shot up 300%! Thanks DA!
Are u kidding? So she can afford ACA unlike the rest of us!!!
You are Psycho!! 
Have to stand in line like the rest of us.
I would be in the same position. Thanks for sticking up for us!
Sticking up for what, rhetoric? You crazy Democrats 
you look RIDICULOUS
