People, the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want, but I am calling it what we need and what it is, a TRAVEL BAN!
The majority of terror attacks in this country has been by people that were radicalized after they grew up here, and white nationalists
Let's start with Charleston shooter..
@citizengatsby @realDonaldTrump I call BS...when did you ever read the constitution? Tell me how it applies to noncitizens?!
The Ban was supposed to be for 120 days (already passed) while the DHS figured out new vetting process. SO, why is the BAN still needed???
Maybe because the ban hasn't been put in place at all yet?
DHS has HAD 120 days to figure out new vetting plan.
They can't do that when they're busy trying to keep terrorists and criminals out!
He is protecting American citizens.  Putting us first.
Named after a confederate soldier! That's wrong ! Why is it it's ok for everyone else to be proud and have months , streets, parks etc ??
It is not ! It's protecting this country ! What is wrong with you people ? Just like getting ready to have LGBT month but can't have park
Can you tell me please how a non US citizen is protected by our Constitution. This is not a violation of ANY US Citizen's rights.
To win people hearts in this earth YOU must act like HERO even if you say secretly me me me me
...class of aliens if he/she deems it detrimental to the interests of the United States." Case closed, Senator Kaine.
really?  guess you do not know that it is the presidents job to protect Americans 1st before anyone of any other nationality.
San Bernadino, Boston, San Francisco.  It is the duty of the U.S government to protect its citizens. Wnat are YOU doing to protect us?
thank you.
This is NOT unconstitutional - it's not even unprecedented - just let anyone walk in Sen Kaine - there r no bad people, right? Get real
Nobody is asking for open borders.  That's Fox Newz nonsense.
Actually HRC said she wanted hemispheric open borders / of course, it was done at a private speech, so it does not count, right?
It's not unconstitutional... the Dems need to get over the fact that u lost the election!
It isn't unconstitutional and you know it! Your party is attempting to take away Presidential powers /putting citizens in danger 4 politics!
It is UNCONSTITUTIONAL to put American lives at risk Senator!
Sure do miss you 2 and your vocabularies....
It's absolutely Constitutional. Show me where the ban violates any of it!
Senator, section (212)(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act states that the president may "suspend immigration of any aliens or any...
NO @timkaine IT TO BE SAFE. BUT DEM'S ONLY LIKE (ILLEGALS) TO VOTE, CAUSE WE THE PEOPLE AMERICANS DON'T LIKE CORRUPT LYING DEM'S ALL ABOUT U
I mean if LGBT is your thing fine but no one should be running their mouth about people who love and are proud of their confederate family!
And un-American
LONG OVERDUE AG Sessions indicts your running mate for violating same law for which Wacko Winner was just indicted.
He can care less
He has his supreme court butt buddy in the court DUMB ass
#ImpeachTrump #WeThePeople #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachTrump#ImpeachTrump#ImpeachTrump#ImpeachTrump#ImpeachTrump#ImpeachTrump#ImpeachTrump
Lead the way against this SOB who has taken over the #GOP
Hey Senator - Suck it.
It's also the exact opposite way to achieve the objective of a safer homeland. It's propaganda for ISIS.
Tim is an idiot... I can't believe this man is still in office! We need to vote him out...
oh snap!
And the 9th did that, Mr. Kaine! I have zero tolerance for white supremacy and love that our courts do too.
Trump is refusing entry to Muslims. That's why he's picked those countries. He won't let any Muslims in.
@Kat4Obama @realDonaldTrump And this man is going to help put you away for a long time, Donny-Boy
Will the one who is ultimately proven wrong by the rest of us dinner
Indeed it is, and thanks to his help, it will stay that way. Self inflicted wounds.
90 days has passed where is your vetting procedure?
Its a racist ban
You would risk the safety of millions of Americans for political gain? Set up a center for the Muslim refugees 1/4 mile from you home. 1 of2
You have the money and resources. Move 3000 refugees 1/4 mile from your family. It's easy to play with the safety of others loved ones.
Please point out that part of the Constitution which says anyone in the world can come here whenever they want.
You really should be following me, Senator. You've would have learned this MONTHS ago!
Which means Trump violated his inaugural oath of office: to support and DEFEND the Constitution of the United States of America.
Anyone who expected Trump to keep any oath should have looked at when he started going out with wives #2 and #3.
What can the world expect when his dumbest voter is smarter than him
And I'll call you what you are: a traitor! More focused on retaliation & political points than your job of citizen safety & nat'l security
I am so proud of my senator 
What's that like? 

#AskingForLouisiana
Oh it is quite marvelous and now my @MarkWarner speaking out on the Russian interference. Getting all misty eyed over my Virginia 
Comments Saying Travel Ban
Is For Safety ; Is In No Way
Based On Any Facts
Trump Is Playing Politics 
With People's Fear And 
Prejudice.
Not when terror is so prevalent!
For people that don't live here ? " Have you all lost your minds"
No a Muslim ban would be. You'd think an elected official would know the difference!
t supporters only  seem to care about the 2nd amendment. That's where the loyalty to the constitution begins and ends for most of them
Our constitution does not force, by law,  allowing  beheadings, and jihadist, into our country.
Even worse he kept countries off that actually have supplied terrorists but do business with him
And your...delusional.
Shouldn’t you be bailing your kid out of jail or something?
Amen!
Thank you!
It is VERY unconstitutional not to protect the American people from terror
The courts don't have a lot of options the question is will he use that fact to scapegoat the courts?
How does the constitution apply to non us citizens?
As do the federal courts ;-)
No it's not
That's political rhetoric mumbo jumbo. 

Vetting individuals from countries with limited background information is totally constitutional.
You would continue to support those not properly vetted to enter this country legally and illegally to kill us. You are not for the US.
@realDonaldTrump that's like calling you POTUS! #Bulls××t#POS!
Yeah, that thing he's never read.
Try reading it, toolbag
You're a pandering fool.
"may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any"
#MAGA
A pandering fool or a "constitutional scholar" like Obama? LMAO
#Virgnia can do better.
#CUN2018

FAKE DOCTORS NOTE.  Demand an independent doctors evaluation of mental health by a doctor not paid by trump to write propaganda. 
Go Tim Go Tim Go Go Go Tim you checked his ass 
ThankYou Senator.
@realDonadTrump is Tweeting this BS when his lawyers are trying to convince the Courts that it's not a Travel Ban = #IdotPOTUS !
- tell it to the brits.
Total block on Trump Twitter from me..just rubbish. So false and fake over there..
 drop mic! 
Thank you senator. #ivotekaine
Unconstitutional
Twisted thinking
Have you considered channeling your negativity into making a difference in your state?  I welcome your response
Thank you Senator Kaine!!! 
You would have been an amazing Vice President. Way better than the unethical jerk @VP we have now.
What part of NO doesn't trump understand?????
You are so right, Senator!
Yes Indeed it is  -  Against Humanity
You were OK with it when Obama wrote it.
STOP PAYMENT pre-existing controlled by diet, exercise, choice; pre-diabetes, high cholesterol & BP, obesity, smoking, alcohol & drug abuse.
Bill should impose a cap on each medical procedure & prescription drug. Corporations should reduce profit to make healthcare affordable.
And who are you again?
Timmy's hit the Drambui
Thanks, Senator!
To try to protect the citizens of this Country???? Unconstitutional?  I believe you are a "Swampy".
This will be true test of #Gorsuch as a #SCOTUS Justice - will he be a "Judge" or #Trump rubber stamp. A close source says too early to call
What a liar U r. Go back to Obama restrictions and w/exception of 2 countries they're identical. Before yr mouth runs, get yr act together.

Tweet the article that falls under!
@realDonaldTrump what does President Bannon say about this?Will president Bannon let you release your tax returns now?Russia in your taxes?
It's also divisional,recruiting for terrorist organizations,hateful 
cruel,support white supremacists,encourages violence against
Muslims!
Even the lower court said it was Constitutional. The excuse was it wasn't due to Trumps campaign statements on muslims. Which is weak.
Until SCOTUS proves Trump right again! Love our POTUS! 
Wrong it is not unconstitutional.
When Ivanka did something wrong, he probably beat Eric & Don Jr too!
can you work faster to get frumpass out of the whitehouse sooner
You and so many others throw the word "unconstitutional" around like it REALLY is actually unconstitutional...simply put, it's not.  Period
bullshit
It's a shame to have a United States senator to be so ignorant of the Constitution. You know, Hillsdale College will offer you a free course
Did swearing on the bible to uphold the constitution, mean anything? Get him out.
I co-sign on this tweet!
@realDonaldTrump oh my you deny statements YOU make at the beginning OF SENTENCES
Let him keep digging his hole deeper
Trump is basically just an old man yelling insults from his front porch, at passersby on the street who are ignoring him. Does he EVER work?
Yesterday he watched "Morning Joe" and "Fox and Friends."  Mondays are hard, and you have to rest up on Fridays for golf.
DJT shows his lack of intellect daily. It's a very sad time.
Only in your misguided mind.  We will be the next Europe if we allow folks like yourself to continue in the halls of power!
No reason to start it now are they? The libs let them out and they are spread their hateful ideology.
The constitution clearly empowers @POTUS to ban any group of people. What proof do you have of unconstitutional?
Tim, yeah I finally did it - on Twitter. What have you been up to? See your still fighting the fight. Talk later. Beer?
And I say: You are right on the mark Senator.
American ppl. It is Constitutional, and u know it.
Constitution is Supreme Law of the Land (UNITED STATES) not of EARTH. Constitution grants no right, merely enumerates & acknowledges them.
No, seriously, read a fucking book. The fact that you were EVER DNC chair proves that the only way you get ahead in DNC is dirty dealing.
How's that? I wasn't aware that the US Constitution applied outside the US to non-US citizens on non-US soil. Obama & Carter did it, too.
I wish you were my Vice President.
Just saying it isn't enough. Pls cite which part in the constitution.
1st, it's a ban, then it's not a ban, now it's a ban. Let's hope the current ruling of this unconstitutional "ban" is upheld, FOR GOOD!
Was it unconstitutional when Pres Carter did the exact same thing? Or when Obama selected these countries years ago as unsafe re: vetting
Unconstitutional indeed! Not to mention racist and bigorty.
...except no one asked you has been
Senator. We need the Dems to govern. This is a house of cards. Wait until they shut the Government down.
how so? I'd like to know
oh it is not.... you know nothing about the Constitution or you wouldn't have supported Obamacare.
#NoBanNoWallNoRaids #alternativefacts #Resist
And really really dumb.
And as a business owner in the hospitality sector I'll tell you it's been bad for business
You just don't get it! So protecting the American people is unconstitutional!? So if (when) another Attack happens it WILL BE YOUR FAULT

Yes Tim. I agree.
You would not no what is in the contusion your just a low life who wiggled his way in to politics
But it was when obama did it. I smell bs
If he is trying to undermine constitution with his Trumpstitution, why can't he be impeached NOW.
You are wrong little Timmy.
And hateful.
Of course you do... and we will all remember and remind everyone the next election time...
#Resist
I'll call it what it really is: the man has gone totally mad! #Insanity
The truly horrifying thing is he hasn't changed...and people voted for him.
The travel ban will protect us from noncitizens going to terrorist havens then returning to commit murder .
Timmie, feel free to go live in London or Paris
And I will call it our "deranged racist self serving POTUS!!!"
Add unAmerican!
we should have firm policies on all visitors to the US, not just from a handful of places. Terrorists can fake passports/recruit elsewhere
How did this guy win????
This rant is meant to distract us from the REAL story. ...#TrumpRussia 
#STAYFOCUSED

Only when our CURRENT POTUS does it, NOT the Vice President Tim Kaine we thank GOD every day that you aren't a breath away from BEING POTUS!
.@WMFBennett.  You still huffing?
What is unconstitutional is not protecting the people of the USA!! You will be voted out of office!!
Wanna bet?
The ban a) would've been over already over
And b) no one from any of the countries in the ban have attacked in the US since '75
You must be a dem because you don't make any sense ...you look into rear view mirror can't vet these people..
They go through a 2 year vetting process to enter the country.
No one from the countries in the ban have committed an act of terror since 75
Supporting you here in Virginia, Senator.
Now that you know it has no chance of passing you are pandering to your base@realdonaldtrump
Most attacks in this country are by right-wing nutjobs.
