It's a whites man's cognitive thinking, he should earn more, he's considered the head of household. Change the tax code.
So change in the Tax code is the solution, huh, seems SO simple and uncluttered. Please elaborate more on this game changing solution.
Congress passed a law who is head of house whole. Everyone one IRS, SSA, data statistic and others follow the code. IRS is the key.
Interesting. I bet you probably meant household not house whole. Which law was it?
 #TrumpTroll Alert 

BLOCK @JoeTassani #JoeTassani

A Sneaky one 

#TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
We need everyone's point of view, how else will we learn?
True wasn't that bad Troll but I'm on a blocking spree 
Than give them your salary.
Why does the Dem Party insist on stuffing the same social groups into the same victim categories? Buying into this myth is self-sabotage.
Dems want to divide and conquer. Maybe they'll one day realize we dont want that bs.
Don't count it.ID Politics is a hallmark of liberalism due to their fondness for socialist tactics. See #2,5,8.
Make it happen, Senator... Black women are Dems most consistent voters. We demand to be put at the top of your list. #BlackWomensEqualPay
Oh, so much work to do to bring about liberty and justice for all. #BlackLivesMatter
Yep! Gotta cut the white people's fingers off so we can make things equal around here.

Shouldn't even be a thing.. so sad
Anyone who argues against wage equality, ask yourself...WHY???
Why haven't you done anything about it?
Keep playing identity politics Timmy, it's working great for you.
Go to school, get the skills, work your way up through the ranks, and don't take any time off to raise a family. That's life, not race.
Democrats love to make everything about race
Unreal!!! #BlackWomensEqualPay
Truly boggles the mind that so many people buy into this BS narrative.
Why only Black women? Why not ALL WOMEN and ALL MEN getting equal pay for equal work?
He's trying to get over on black people.
My wife makes more money than you do, so you technically make less money than black women
Is this all you have to do.  Man I wish I had your job. Big bucks for zero work. Sucks
Dems like Kaine peddle debunked myth about wages in USA. Relatively same rate exists for same job & exper. Dems play races as fools 4 votes.
the old race card timmy? Isn't the old kkk party tired of living off others pain yet !
Pandering for votes. You'd suck an elephants dick if you thought it'd win you votes.
#FactsMatter #EqualPay That's Presidential #ImStillWithHerAndHim

How about just #equalpayforwomen full stop?
Continuity in job, seniority, education, overtime availability including weekends... Do the math correctly.
#1 Viral Video REMIX Alex Jones Living Meme Explosion / Super Deluxe / B... https://youtu.be/tPTrIK0i7b4  via @YouTube
Like the WNBA, if you want equality with the men. Put more Butts in the seats. Did you ever get your kid out of jail in Minnesota
Compare education not just some bullshit statistic
Name an example
Hey Tim have another drink
Black women sky high Maternal Mortality
Black women fastest growing group of entrepreneurs in USA and have hard time getting capital.  Black Inventor Museum http://blackinventor.com 
How about skipping "hurts families", and going with it's discrimination and illegal? Right is right; NOTHING to do with popping out progeny!
You know what else hurts families? Not having fathers.
You do understand that free markets determine wages, don't you, Senator?
Thank you for sharing this!!
Where you been for 8 years timmy?
Identify politic is all you know sure gets old.
Every dem senator, regardless of race or gender is tweeting this. It's part of what Dem Party stands for.
Sounds like a bunch brainwashed fools.
Play 5 sets and hit from the gold tees then.
Of all the stupid things you've tweeted, this had to be near the top.
Doesn't the absence of black fathers and husbands hurt families more Senator?
That's not what's important, Barnard! Gotta make sure we remain a racially divided society through skewed "facts".
Thank you for the disgusting lie! Keep it up and you'll never hold higher office.
Thank you Senator Kaine! Nothing but love from a hard working Black mom of two children in college!!
You just admitted you are part of the problem. Why won't you offer solutions?
#MondayMotivation #MAGA #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #WhiteHouse
w/ that logic, if they do as good of a job and work as much as their counterparts do, companies would only be hiring black women right?
Does this mean their 2016 earnings PLUS this far into 2017? If so, that's simply atrocious.

This argument is funny as hell, no wonder people don't take things like this serious. 
Earning anything less than male counterparts hurts. #EqualPay
This is my solution to #BlackWomensEqualPay https://www.thriveglobal.com/stories/11005-the-power-of-hair-and-the-power-of-context …
HORRIBLE
What if you could get preferred hiring status for ANY job you applied for... just because of your skin color?
Donate YOUR salary, OR maybe hire more minority staffers. You know, since it's so "near and dear" to your heart.
Not the families hiring those women.
Thank you senator Kaine 
Yes. thanks,for being a race baiter...like nearly every other democrat.
Sigh. It's okay. We will move forward with or without you. 
If women are that cheap, why would anyone hire a more expensive man? I could hire 3 women for less than 2 men. Sounds like a deal!
#WomenAtWork is a complex story & this is an important chapter thanks for telling it Professor Tim, we need these benchmarks #Equality
Are they doing the same job for same number of years?
It’s illegal to pay people differently based of their race thanks to the Equal Pay Act of 1963. I thought you were a senator
You pander too much.
Stalin used the "former people", North Korea uses America to whip up the masses. Chavez used America& capitalism, Dems use evil white men
Not true
People like u use this sort of stuff to virtue signal that u are one of the noble white people. Self loathing &contrite.
Democrats have made white men public enemy #1 since Trump election. All socialist need a scapegoat to rally the masses against.
Is there really a thing as equal pay for women in general in particular, black women? The nation has stopped civil rights for special rights
Thank you. This info is much more important than the fate of scaramucci...
This is a  statement made by comparing apples to oranges. Shame on Sen Kaine for knowingly making misleading statement.
Read up on caregivers. Most of them are women. That's why there's income inequality. Demographics, not bigotry..
http://www.equalpaytoday.org/equalpaydays/ 
How much does @MaxineWaters make a year? Is she hurting for $$$?
It's about skills and education, not race. Asian Americans earn more than White Americans. #BlackWomenEqualPay
Don't let little things like facts stand in your way.
You know this 70c thing was proven to be false right? Harvard prof. takes down gender wage gap myth http://washex.am/1SOS0xZ  via @dcexaminer
you were not serious on this 8 years obama was in office. nothing to see here.
Why don't you give up some of the money your raping from the taxpayers. You were a loser on November 8 and a loser still
what a dope this guy. Clearly didn't help Hillary. Better person running for VP could have made a difference.


Tim, you don't really still believe this nonsense? The gender pay gap has been debunked. It doesn't exist.
Women's equal pay! don't be racisist! there are lots of women not receiving equal anything!
So does high taxes, corrupt school systems , and Obamacare.  All of which you support.
@AngieBabineaux How much did Maxine Waters make last year?
I'm familiar with circulated numbers but what does her salary have to do with anything?
EXACTLY my point! Tim Kane is simply trying to rally his gullible base around a false narrative
False narrative? Please explain
Seriously? You can't figure out that "racism" charge?
Are you REALLY saying that the cause of the wage gap is racist misogyny?  #BlackWomensEqualPay 

How is your son Linwood? #Hypocrisy
Not fair!
ALL WOMEN deserve equal pay for equal work!
I want to see statistics black women versus white man on specific professions.
funny you never asked that under Obama's 'leadership ', how convenient
If it's just in general the statistics are then not accurate
How are the statistics run. Is it a black doctor versus a white male doctor? Or is it in general?
Tim...That's not good, but what company & what job? Give concrete examples in #VA.

Transparency will truly legitimatize your claim, right?
They can't give 1 example.  Just ONE (!!!) example of the same exact job, educational background, experience... That's all I ask.
All women
Stop race pimping Tim.
If your claim hold any water then im firing all whites in my business and hiring black mothers only. I would save alot of Money
Just go away
Your Democrat colleague @SenWarren does not pay women on her staff as much as the men. Have you asked her about it?
Precisely why liberals who say this are hypocrites
Tell that to the Hillary campaign staff women that were victims of a party gap by her campaign you hypocrit
Do they have the same qualifications?
Or if those black women worked in the Obama White House, they'd have another month go, Timmy
By the way Tim, is your son out endangering the lives of fellow Americans this week or do you have him grounded?
People get paid on the basis of the job they're doing, not by their skin color

Yes! One of my favorite gifs of all time!
All Democrats need to watch this video:
Senators make more money than anyone should for the amount of hard work they do...!!
You guys never think before you speak. Never
How's that liberation theology coming along mr Jesuit
Does that sound even slightly FAIR to you ??  Do something about it  !!!!
I suppose if it were true, it would be unfair.
Doing the same job?
That is the most important question. Because those statistics are very blurred. He is not comparing a doctor white versus female black.
Bullshit
Translation: it takes black women 19 months to earn what white men earn in 12 months?
This argument is bullshiy
Tim its not a black white thing its all woman
Do the white women make the same? Or don't you care about whites. Trying to rally up a base I can see
Really? Show us that evidence.
then u pay them the difference

Tim... you're a white millionaire. 

And U.C. Berkeley says you have no right to talk on this topic.
