You mean weather. There is no science to support your claim that storms will be stronger
By empirical evidence there is no statistical proof.  We're getting it now how much more before we acknowledge science might be true
I'll believe it when the scientists agree not some dip shit politician
RLOL
We all need UNDERGROUND UTILITIES...incldg grids. They are no longer practical above grnd & they are a terrible eyesore
They would flood
Not the kind I'm talking about...with feet thick walls & big enough to drive a huge (mighty) dump truck through...like tunnels & subways.
So I pay for their poor decision on where to live? If we the taxpayer pay for a move at least it's once and done get them out of there
What wd your GOP colleagues say if folks in California kept rebuilding McMansions directly on earthquake faults & got fed'l $ to rebuild?
Please Sen. Kaine. Congress must get smart about doling out billions & then letting folks rebuild on Fla. coastline only to get more fed'l $
Or resources to move themselves back from the coast.
bridges & roads across Va need more done to keep them maintained. Climatechange isn't the problem, the Feds waste of is problem
Exactly we need to stop replacing estructures with same old materials & blg technique
Yes. Absolutely. Might I suggest a collective unified @TheDemocrats  effort to drop climate change. Earth science- most anything is better
Perhaps Trump could build his wall around Florida, as he built a wall in front of his country club in Scotland, aganst wishes of the Scots.
Can't we use our tax dollars where they will be most effective? Rebuild the damns, dykes and levees not that stupid wall
As a multiple #CRE owner In your expert op. @AlbertMBerriz what is the single thing you will change to protect your structures from Irma's?
Move further inland.
Eastern Va. has natural swamp land, Northern Va. & D.C is a political swamp.
Then have Virginia spend Cash on improving VA... Uncle Sugar has no business spending taxpayer cash on your perceived Global Tragedies. 
How about the people choosing to build there pay their own costs. 
Not everything is a national responsibilty.
Bull Shit Kaine get of your horse! Why didn't you do something with Obama ?
I hope 1 day we can avoid these bad storms and disaster
IT SHOULD BE AGAINST THE LAW TO LIVE SO CLOSE TO THE COAST OR OUT IN THE OCEAN ON AN ISLAND AND EXPECT OTHERS TO PAY B'CAUSE OF STORMS
Sea walls not border walls!
Ya toooo late dude tooo late
Strong cities creat resilient infrastructure and work with nature and geography. #SmartCities
Yep, the same climate change that caused ZERO major hurricanes to hit the USA for the last 12 years!!!
People in coastal communities need to realize that they must keep flood insurance or move.  14% of people in the keys had flood insurance.
Why should my taxes go for these communities when people are without healthcare.  Fiscal priorities are important to me; this is not one.
Yea they do, not like your past real estate deals that you should be in prison for
Used to have a rule on that, it seems to me
Stronger coming
Agree about resilient infrastructure but only after a serious discussion and analysis about the benefit of rebuilding coastal communities
Hurry, someone get this man some real science, stat!
And our country needs to take climate control seriously
Congressional Budget Office. Based policies effective 8/31/16 program projected have 1 yr. shortfall $1.4 billion ins used by trump/wealthy
NFIT not charge enough 4 coverage. not bring N enough pay out properties insured & owes $25 billion 2 U.S.Treasury.
They have National Flood Insurance Program. Pay pittance 2 have house replace at mkt value. NFIT 2 end this mth. trump signed temp ext.
Reality: Actual climate scientists stated that the recent hurricanes had nothing to do with climate change. Stop your damn liberal lies.
And stop developing land taking from wildlife and causing floods
Quit rebuilding properties at FEMA expense. New rule, you get one rebuild, if I choose 2 stay in flood area, you're on your own.
They need to move inland
First people have to believe in climate change.
The right wants mother nature to remove residents of coastal areas so they don't have to pay them to move because of rising sea-levels.
Yes but they need better city planning and possibly less density. Houston built over marshland that once absorbed water.
And you reference an opinion piece in the liberal rag @virginianpilot? They're hacks too.
Sometimes free advice is good advice. Here's how the Dems should message on climate:
Climate change? A fraud , just like you. How the ppl of Virginia ended up with you as a gov, and then as a senator is beyond me.
I'll tell you. Northern Virginia, government employed leeches. People too dumb to work in private sector or affirmative action handouts.
Do your homework!
Timmy please show any science that shows that storms today are any more frequent or intense.... crickets... because there is none
Pass Trump's Infrastructure Bill.
Oh, just put a lid on it.
Climate has been changing since day 1 of the earth's existence.
No they don't. They need to move or self insure.
Or we can spend billions to rebuild a city below sea level. #NewOrleans
Senator Kaine are you joking? WE CAN'T BUILD A WALL AND YOUR ARE WORRIED ABOUT THE BEACH COMMUNITY! INFRASTRUCTURE COSTS BIG MONEY,
Then why don't you & your DemoRAT friends work with Trump to acieve this???! You DemoRATS are all phonies and hypocrites!! We TRUST TRUMP!!!
Why don't you just pave over the entire coast.
U You think ?
We do have climate change it's called, SPRING, SUMMER, FALL,WINTER , amazing concept Senator, check into that & get back to us
...... it still snows so there must not be any climate change right.... gdi
If you keep your mouth shut that would lower Global Temperatures by 3 degrees
Coasts, electric grid, roads, bridges, ports, air ports, schools, dams, internet, GREEN ENERGY, healthcare, PICK ONE-TELL Rs DO SOMETHING
The R's may have the majority, but they lack the guts.
Stop funding foreign interventions.
Invest in domestic necessities instead.
Education, HealthCare, Infrastructure ..
Inside your oceans out nose there also
Why is the answer to "climate change" always to give the government more taxpayer $$??? 
Another revenue source for illegals to soak up. Don't believe, check out what Nazifornia does with carbon tax money. Liberal budget fixer.
Climate change scientists can predict Miami under water in 50yrs but couldn't predict what side of the 300 mi wide FL coast Irma would hit!
Angry Women in 50 years we will be above the clouds!And open your fist relax.
Who told you that Timmy your Antifa Son he found out while traveling around to riot?
Mor elike because your Antifa son goes around destroying property.
Is your son Woody still in prison?
never happen, special privilege, all the rest of the thugs in that instance got felony charges.
