either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
I'll fight any shutdown threat to protect Virginians and defend our country
Government shutdowns are not what you Dems make them out to be.
@realDonaldTrump 
We call for a total& complete Shutdown
Of all trumps entering the White House
R E S I G N
Not really much threat to fed employees. Reimbursed time off of work. But contractors who don't get reimbursed, that's who hurts.
How about a POTUS who knows more than what's on School House Rock.
That would be tefreshing
Yes
@realDonaldTrump Oh Trump throwing a tantrum because he didn't get his way!
As usual
you might sound like a thoughtful person if you didn't always blame the President all the time, for every thing. #monotonous
You tell 'em, Tim!
It is his own party that can't agree on anything. Not the dems. We have our sh.t together.
Sounds like Trump is demanding 1 of the 3 branches "get on board" with him - ignoring function of checks & balances. Congress blind to this?
But, it was okay when Obama called out Congressional Republicans for not supporting his various bills over the years. No problem there....
I see a yuge difference between criticism or reprimand and threats against the American people. A shutdown hurts US, not members of Congress
His lunacy knows no bounds!
I bet you were outraged when Obama shut down the Govt??
Typical Republican. Say the opposite no matter what the facts are. You, sir, make me sick.
Me too
My mom's sister works for the EPA in Durham NC. I doubt she wants to go through another shutdown.
This is an asinine thing for someone that is supposed to be our leader to say..The man has no clue..
and the incompetent woman behind that cut off is on her way to the WH now!!!!
Again.  Will the lunacy never stop?
He thinks like a high school kid - like he can shut it down, let it cool off, then change the radiator & it will be all fixed?  He's insane.
No, out with the GOP. Elect more Democratic Senators so that we have reasonable policies,
When is Trump going to held accountable for the delusional things he says and does by the House! He needs a mental evaluation!
Yes.  And there is no treatment for narciccism
What is it going take to remove this unfit person from the White House?
Not sure but needs to happen.  He has put this country and its ppl in danger
Tweeting is helpful but can you work with your friends in the senate to actually get the investigation on them going? There's been nothing.
I don't get it?  What are they waiting for?  45 to eliminate free speech?  He will if he can.
We have to vote these republicans out of office or America will only be a skeleton of what now exists. We can't let them continue to destroy
well heck Timmy, how about DEMOCRATS stop obstructing and get your azzes to Congress and do your freaking job,.. LEGISLATE!!
Instead of aiming at a negative (shut down the government) to achieve your goals, ask yourself what can you do to positively impact your aim
@realDonaldTrump doesn't care about that, he only cares about getting his own way & doesn't understand that Gov't doesn't work like biz! DUH
We need a president not a ten year old in the white house! Smh! #notmypresident
Yes!  I estimatv2, though.#notmypresident#resist
Now dictator-in-cheif is telling us how to vote or he'll shut down the govt? When do we march on the White House and oust him?
How about tomorrow!  Moron-in-chief is destroying our environment & democtacy
Military should get the same protection for pay that Congress gets. They defend our nation, yet their pay is always 1st on chop block.
While Rome burned...#resist 
Lolololol HELL NO ENOUGH NOW AND YOU CANNOT WORK W THEM THEY ALL NEED TO WORK TOGETHER
Does he realize a "shutdown" includes the White House?
#45 is all about changing the rules to get his way. Did nobody explain to him that he is not a King?
Apparently not & he doesn't know the difference
I say we elect far fewer Republicans in 2018.
Thank you
@POTUS never sees the bigger picture or plays the long game. How did he last this long in business? Ugh. @POTUS is a sore Loser.
Military families I know turned against Obama with the last shutdown,  brief as it was. Chrumpsters now, but that will change if 45 does it.
If the dems are going to use judicial coups & hold budgets hostage to continue pushing the Obama agenda then shutdown the govt.
The dems shut down govt many times when Reagan was president. He let them & USA saw the dems were to blame. His agenda then was passed.
Did the president of our country just call for a shutdown. Oh wait, it was a threat of blackmail. Shutdown or change to 51% Wow.
This sounds like threats to the populace, this is not the way a president behaves. How childish and vicious
America needs all of you to take heed in the LAWS and put these CRIMINALS in the COURTS and get them off of the HILL. PLEASE. It's your JOB.
What are you all up to?We demand that this Investigation move on and these criminals come to JUSTICE NOW. Stop using US(A) for what you want
We are listening to our Senators. Our Sen are not listening to US(A). Will you listen? This POTUS cannot remain in the WH.
Tell 'em Tim!
Government needs to be shut down and you're part of the reason, Senator.
The only thing this country needs is U....GONE!!  Stop the threats......
Trump is the spokesperson for idiotcrosy.
You should give it to him, but make damn clear EVERYONE that he is the one who called for it.
Petulant child
AHole in chief speaks word salad....
Last shutdown cost me my retirement $!  Old, sick, hanging on by my fingernails...and have @RepMoBrooks breathing down my neck!
Look how afraid trump is. He knows his days are numbered.
There is something wrong with @realdonaldtrump Please relieve him of duty ASAP. We the people can vote out the rest of the scum in 2018.
Tell Em Tim! Mainly what America needs is to be rid of Election Stealing,Traitor,Thief,Lying,Racist,Nazi,Rapist,Donald Trump!#Resistance
Thanks. Senator Kaine.
What type of person would call for a shutdown, this man is President of the United States. Please vote these people out of office in 2018.
Utter insanity. God help us.
Trump is bat-shit crazy if he is advocating for a govt. shutdown
@realDonaldTrump  what a cheap way to "win"Change the rules. Bi-partisan governing is necessary !!
I think we need a democratic house &Senate to stop trump Before he destroys and thing else THROW THE BUM OUT
We need a trump shutdown!!!
Get rid of the electoral college.  If a simple majority is good enough for politicians, it's good enough for the American people!!
Vote democrat and throw out republicans on their asses
Crazy is as crazy does!
Impeachment
Wait.  It was you guys that were ready for a shutdown last week.  Change your mind did ya?
#TrumpTreason tRump, I hope you are in jail by then
Also the businesses, employees, and other assorted small business owners tied to the military & fed employees. Last shutdown really hurt us.
Alt. president sitting in the WH is a complete ignorant. A toddler will not call for dispute between his parents but DT wants govt shtdown.
What we must do is elect more Democrats! @TheDemocrats @GovHowardDean @DNC @vademocrats @MarkWarner
Shutdowns being bad are a myth. Plus, the government shuts down every weekend.
Laughable. Said like the Dems didn't threaten a shutdown to get things they wanted. Please. Do you think we are dumb?
What a disgraceful thing for a president to say
Wait what last shutdown saved taxpayers how much? Oh wait you will have to actually stay at work...
Shut it down for a year and note how much better our lives are.
sigh , our president, the complete fool, not easy to be complete on anything but trump is...a complete fool
The only "good thing" about a shut down is that 95 N and S bound flows most beautifully with less commuters.
Again asking myself, "is this real life?!"  #notnormal
Federal employees nationwide can't afford a shutdown either.  Appreciate your honesty
You are the biggest cost to the people of VA!!!!
Than work w Rep!
His negotiating tactic of threatening terrible things then backing down may work in one shot real estate deals. It's no way to run a country
@realDonaldTrump 45 is pitiful. Thank God for our Congress working together on behalf of America despite  45.
Let's get rid of him. Impeachment NOW
This is his little rant for not getting what he wanted in this budget
So do your elected job! Instead of pouting & bickering about Party egos FIX THE BROKEN!
Isn't this a form of Economic Terrorism?  @jaketapper @JoyAnnReid @KatyTurNBC @maddow @TheDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @tedlieu
Trump inherited the most corrupt govt in history.
Everyday this shit show is shut down is a win for the people. Term Limits please. Stop enriching yourself at taxpayers expense
@realDonaldTrump  complete lack of understanding of our system of government is astounding. Resign and go back to bankrupting ur businesses
His threats have a terror to them. Keep leading, Senator Kaine.
Thank you!
71 yrs ago: Trump in utero: "Unless there's a crown, golden crib, & Coke waiting for me, I'm NOT coming out. & I MEAN it! (kick, kick, kick)
Mr. Kaine!  While I am a Canadian I do follow the US because you sneeze and we get a cold.  How much more is needed for impeachment?!?!?
He's out of his mind. Please stop him, He's mentally ill.
Wah, wah. I'm angry and I can't get what I want. Change the rules in the Senate that are over 200 years old. Wah , wah , wah 
In his world he's never the problem. All problems are outside of him. No personal responsibility no self awareness.
My mother works for the government. A shutdown means no income for our family, hard to pay bills
We need a REAL president TODAY, to fix things, not a hot headed, ignorant fool!!
@realDonaldTrump Their will be NO more Republican Senators
Please get rid of the state option in pre-existing conditions in the health care act. You know what Richmond will do. Still no MediGap < 65.
@realDonaldTrump Better yet, we will elect all Dems 11/6/2018, we will resist your fascist agenda. #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
I called him names and cursed him out on twitter... I don't know what else to do after emailing local politicians. just a smidge better
What an asinine comment! As a citizen, I definitely do NOT want a shutdown!
You're a fraud and a liar, shutdowns are a necessary evil and the only time they become political is when progs like you make it so.
Please stop this megalomaniac. . .he will destroy us all.
Shut it down!
Trump wants to "rule" like his good buddies Putin, Kim, Duterte & Erdogan - oh and the swamp monsters in his cabinet - IMPEACH HIM NOW!
He knows nothing of governance doesn't care if he puts people out of work Unfortunately Narcissists thrive on hurting others
Trump has no boundaries 

Speak up
Speak loud
It matters
Then the dems need to get over your loss in November and pull it together for the USA. STOP THE WHINING #MAGA
Please Senator Kaine: get this Authoritarian out of there. He is trying to ruin our democracy!
@realDonaldTrump No common sense when politics are concerned @DFWIndivisible @AltStateDpt @SenTedCruz @maddow
Did trump not take any basic government classes or history classes? His Alma Maters must be embarrassed
@realDonaldTrump  is a desperate, drowning man with no life ring in sight. He should never have been able to get his name on the ballot.
A reality show does not qualify one for a presidency. GOP made a BIG mistake. They are living with the Frankenstein they created.
Trumpets crazy when are you going to do something
#StopTrump
How very patriotic of Donald Trump - rooting against America 
#ImpeachTrumpNow
@realDonaldTrump @PressSec @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Funny, how Republicans hate deficits but create them more efficiently than Democrats. E.g.: 43, Dubya, poured 42's surplus in2 pal's pockets
Our Democracy belongs to the ppl. We won't let Rs rewrite the Constitution to suit 45. Checks & balances 4 a reason 2 stop would-be tyrants.
trump is a sick, delushional danger to our country.

If we would pass 12 separate funding bills as the law prescribes, then at most only 1/12th of government spending would be jeopardized.
Shutdowns do not fix anything.  Hurts people and the country.
No they can't because they are the reason Trump got elected.
I am not afraid of shutdowns to fix our $20T Debt. #Tatiana
That's not how you do it.
Then you need another strategy, try actually working with the President for once in your clown life
Well Tim Kaine can't get over their personal vendetta against Trump.
