Well SENATOR Kaine, what have you offered to fixing Obama Care?  Simple useless Rhetoric seems to be your answer.  You offer a solution!
Timmy never has fixes. He needs to look up the definition for treason.
That hashtag is more properly written as #tRumpCare
Look go get your charity from you mama
Senator Kaine I would personally like to hear more from you. I voted for Hillary & You, I believed in your ideas let's hear more from you.
Obamacare priced 80% of Americans out of care
You're not very well-informed, dear.
@triplezmom U are the uniformed 1,The state I now live in 3 crappy companies are all that are left. Pay premium&then pay high deductible 1st
Yep mine too, premiums tripled in last 3 years
@XCLON33 50% here, plus meds have gone up 75% , ones I have to take or wind up in hospital, deductible up 5× and have to pay 1st.
Everyone I know is going through the same thing!
@XCLON33 it's hard most days, I have 3 Doctors. I have a health condition that I didn't do anything to deserve.But, I am treated like I did
Hopefully they will present something that will help, its very frustrating for you I'm sure. Politicians are a joke on both sides rt now
Compared to Obama care that crushed middle America with higher premiums & outrageous deductibles making it unaffordable!
Thank you again for being on our side.
He doesn't care about you, only his wallet
As someone with multiple pre-existing conditions, I am concerned by the Republican health care option.
You don't go looking for health insurance after you become sick. Do you buy home owners insurance after your house is damaged?
Well if that's (THE CASE?)...I'M OUT! Because I do have PRE-EXISTING HEALTH CONDITIONS!!
Wrong.  Nice try, though.
Have you read it?
Oh it does what new information you giving us! What about you wanting to join the GOP in a bipartisan gutting of ACA great loser
Everyone wants Give Aways, and that is not what America is built upon.  Get the Gov the hell out of health care all together
Kaine, you are not being honest. 
But we understand. You're a democrat.
Love you Tim you should be the Vice President what a different world it would be. Trumpland is taking us down
We are counting on you to do everything in your power to protect our healthcare, Senator.
Sorry REPEAL OBAMADEATHBILL
I haven't read your plan yet Tim, why don't you post it up?
Yeah let hear it?
He's gonna kill a lot of people. A slow painful death. He will have a lot to answer to on judgement day and he will be judged.Please help us
The sky is falling, I've falling and I can't get up. I wasn't dying before Obamacare but now I'm dying.. blahhhh!
TREASON ?  Confirms why you lost !
Is that bill guilty of treason?
Repeal Obamacare completely
#ThankYou Sir for your health representation & #leadership of #Virginia !  #Health is everything! #Nurses #VoteNoBCRA @RNAction
My family got priced out with no pre existing conditions once Obamacare was implemented. Where's your concern for us?
Guts, kills.. Is that the extent of your vocabulary? Do you have nothing intelligent to say to the American people?
Amendments you've proposed? You must since #obamacarefails
Don't let the Republicans do this to us.
& it omits ACA CFCO which helps Disabled Americans live in community. Plz cosponsor Disability Integration Act. S910
#GOPGENICIDE  according to @SenToomey  I am a burned out shell
We The People demand choice, we demand to be in charge. I would hate to see DC if you and your cronie Hillary Clinton won the election.
No it doesnt, thats the problem, we need to stop entitlements that kill lowering cost. But did you even read the bill? It is Obamacare 2.0
Absolutely atrocious!  Please stop the insanity!
Keep holding the line, we that you.
Fake News!
vote NO
Vote yes
U passed a bill that Priced these people out of insurance called the ACA total failure
Old Man Mitchell thinks sure it does Tom Kane.
when will you start telling the American people the truth instead of your made-up b******* been hanging around Clinton too long

My house burned down in a fire Is there insurance for my pre-existing condition? A discounted rate would be nice too! #RepealObamacare
Perfect solution is government needs to get the hell out of my health care.  Everything they touch falls apart.  EXAMPLE :  MOSLEM CARE !
EXACTLY! If it is limiting, unaffordable or not comprehensive, what good is it for those with #preexistingconditions ? @GOPSenate lies!
NO #Trumpcare. FIX Aca or start single payer. Gop has had 7 yrs. Move on! @POTUS @SenateGOP @SenateDems
Tim Kaine=#fakenews
Yep. One way or another. Lol.
Don't let it happen
Hopefully there's enough of you with some common sense to vote no
In addition 2 gutting protection 4 ppl w/ pre-existing conditions @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr bill exempts Congress. Y if it's any good?
We can't let them do it.  Stay strong and fight them with all you've got
Do you need a baby bottle to stop crying.
Decades from now the GOP will be judged by the harm they caused; unfortunately the tally will be an American body count.  #TrumpCare
gee tim, have you looked at the premiums for Obamacare lately...with Fannie and freddie subsidy...
@timkaine , like U care, U are a sore looser & an obstructionist !And now U Sentors who vacation for more than a month a yr & U need a raise
Thank you for weighing in Sen. Kaine. Can always count on you for the truth, unlike my own Tennessee Senators. Latest BRCA is still a flop.
So let's stop calling it a healthcare bill, there's no "HEALTHCARE" in it. Call it "TRUMPKILL" bill
If Dem's can't stop legislation this horrible they are inept. STOP THIS TRAVESTY!
I'm airways shocked to realize they are willing to hurt/ kill all these Americans to get back at our first black president
You should take a nap
Insane Obamacare premium hikes and you have the nerve to complain about possible AHCA hikes?
Plus caps
You are mixing the bills. That was the Obama care. I guess all dems wish it was still 2016 or before.
Oh yes, please! Take is back to the good ole pre-Trump days.
#trumpisaloser

This seems like a civil rights issue
Honestly Tim the missing harmful list in this bill couldnt be contained in twitter even in multiple tweets my son is autistic
It's an act of terror, not a health care bill.
#DeathByGOP
Your son beats innocent elderly conservatives in the streets because he's a TERRORIST
#Trumpcare will be the downfall of the modern GOP. Which is a good thing. Too bad so many people have to die as a result.
