#Trumpcare undermines the progress we’ve made on #opioid epidemic by slashing #Medicaid
Medicaid covers 3 in 10 Americans battling opioid addiction but #Trumpcare slashes funding & puts millions at risk
OMGOD
Senator Kaine, my wonderful senator from Va, what Republicans are proposing is Deathcare. Straight up. Please stop this.
With all due respect, sir, addicts are overwhelming the mental health system because of a choice they made. I hope you read this...
Because it's bad when people are denied mental health services because people who CHOSE to do drugs are taking all the doctors & counselors!
It's really that bad. You should consider how addicts affect the community, stealing and running up bills on Medicaid, then go back to drugs
Y'all need to protect the elderly and severely disabled. Drug addiction isn't the same. Medicaid pays for methadone? No, no no no.
@timkaine is not protecting those disabled by chronic pain. #standupforpainpatients
Because of addicts, the gov't is choosing to deny life changing pain medications to people with severe chronic pain. #standupforpainpatients
Blame game is tiring Tim
Really what taken about
Why just opioids? There is cocaine, flocka and others. All should be included.
#BuildAWall
Both the GOP & DEMS missed the real problem #heroin. Stop the drug companies selling opioids #bigpharma #Perdue  Run them out of your town!!
BASTA YA AMERICA NOS NECESITA A TODOS
I don't think you have a clue of why #opiodepidemic #herion is killing People. I KNOW it has  nothing to affordable Heath care . #Maga
There bill will force people to use drugs?
#Truth
They also love to talk about Seniors and Veterans while cutting funding to #MealsOnWheels .
Just like denying birth control assistance will drive up the number of abortions.  Do the R's not get that connection?
LOL... Tim Kaine 
Another Liberal LOL of the day @timkaine! Why haven't you come up w/ a plan to address this epidemic that started w/ Obama failures?
And how will that happen?
Do you really believe what you say or are you just reading from the playbook?
They think they can end it by putting users in jail
You did such a great job on Obama Care, you should know a disaster if you see one.
Where are the democrats to rebut republicans lies that Obamacare is failing.  Truth is they are sabotaging Obamacare.
Are you doing any town halls in NOVA during the recess? Would love to finally meet you 
True
Why don't you explain how the fentynal got here?
Your open borders supplies the problem !!!
How do Senator? Please explain your reckless statement
And the 1 billion spend to re-energize coal industry.  How about bring back pay phones, vcr's, Blockbuster, beta tapes. Idiots.
So clueless as our pharmaceutical companies addict a nation and we cut them off cold turkey. Lives and families destroyed. People will kill.
So says the Oracle of D.C.  Stop speculating and just vote no. It is the only thing we agree on so enjoy it while it lasts.  Protect 10th
What was done during the last 8 years?
You and Obama welcomed the drugs and their peddlers to full access over our unsecured borders!!!!

So how is the war on drugs going?  About like prohibition went.  You can not legislate morality however much you try.
The opioid epidemic exploded under #Obamacare, nice scaremongering though
How about some personal responsibility?  If the person is addicted to opioids, a doctor prescribed them.
And your suggestion/solution can be found where?
Really Sen? How about your refusal to seal the borders which brings tons of drugs into this country. That intensifies the crisis.
Exacerbate it beyond comprehension
They do not care. Lies to get over on the idiots until they get the money to the rich and then let everybody die who doesn't have the means
I am one of the few that survived & thrived...I couldn't have done it w/out Obamacare!!!
Did you get this from Hillary or are you.that
Stupid
Thank God you lost
As always, he's all talk, and no action.
The GOP are cold-blooded bastards.
Complain complain complain that all you do no solutions
You think you can do better? Then why don't you run for senator when the term for one from your state is nearly up?
Actually, no, don't do it. Most people won't want a newcomer unless the alternative is extremely bad, like people thought about Hillary.
This crisis grew under ACA. YOUR watch. My PERSONAL ACA pmt is 1/3 TOTAL household income. Not affordable. Retweet that!
Just like Pence handled HIV poz folks back in Indiana...
According to Bowling Green Massacre Barbie, opioid addicts just need "will" to overcome their addiction. She's a ditz.
Not to mention the mental health pain they are going to cause so many. They have no desire to better human health and hope. All about them.
The @GOP would rather see mentally ill people out on the streets or in jail/prison - instead of getting the help they need.
Maybe you centrist Democrats needs to sign up on Single Payer before more Americans die.
Based on what? Don't be reckless.
How many MS-13 drug dealers have they gone after and deported and or put in prison you lying fraud
Numbers spiked under Obamacare and the states that expanded ACA is where it's the worst so........
You love the heroin
