Thank you. We are with you in Massachusetts.
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!!!!
Well thanks for keeping me locked in to an $821.55 and rising per month ACA bill. That's so affordable. Why don't you pay some of it?
the ACA slowed the Rate of Increase regarding premiums, so it's likely your premiums would have been higher…for worse care.
My neurosurgeon has referred me to a neurologist in Dallas. But I can't go see the new doc because they don't take HMO #BCBS. Great ACA crap
VP Kaine  please give us a basic run down of the healthcare members of Congress receive?  (Self employed trucker,wife,kid $20k year premium
Actually $24k with high deductibles and we don't qualify for Obamacare
Or push millions off the cliff and see if they can gigure out how to afford to land plan
No ... it's not.
Thank you!
Horrific idea for America... Thank you.
Thank you Senator.
Thank You!
Yeah and we've seen how simple coming up with a replace is for the GOP!

Like Obamacare?
No vote a no brainer. What we need is #SinglePayer
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you, Senator Kaine! So proud to have you as our Senator.
Thank you Senator Kane... This bill is inhumane
I am so proud to have cast my vote in 2016 to make you my Vice President.
Me too
Trojan horse - thank you for being the decent American that you are, Tim - our true Vice President!!!
You part of the problem have no solution for anything. Why are you not on obama care? Now go and earn your pay that to much.
Thank you Sen Kaine!
Thank you!
Exactly  Senator.
need a list of whats covered on insurance policies and whats not for each policy there should be a law on this to protect consumers
Thanks Tim!
Thank you Senator Kaine
Another reason not to vote Democrat
Thank you!
Forever proud and grateful you have our back.
I wish you were in the WH
Why do you hate America? Don't you have enough. Your greed for power and your weakness aims toward the nation's destruction. Why ...
You're irrelevant!
So proud of our VA Senator Tim Kaine. Thank you. I'm very proud to have voted for you and will do so again.
Thank you for representing Virginia so well.  Keep up the great work, Senator!
Paul is the man.
Thank you.
MUCH gratitude from someone who doesn't want to be just another person with a preexisting condition and no options. Glad you are MY Senator
Thank you.
THANK YOU SENATOR KAINE !!!!!
Kinda like the democrats did with Obamacare
Kaine think we always had Ocare! Before Ocare we had Ins for decades! Worked but No Freebies. Freebies created Hi Premiums!
Thank you @timkaine for representing VA citizens' best interests in healthcare. My girl's condition is more complex &we need your voice!
Thank YOU!!!
We are on the cliff now!

Tim Kaine is a FAKE Senator!!!
Te quitó Tia kaine!
Thank you
Rand Paul: America's Suicide-Bomber of Legislation.
Thank you for saving people
That's the libertarian way. #FAIL
Sincere thank you.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Kaine
@smshow Wasn't "jump off a cliff and figure out later how to land" their plan in Iraq?  And Afghanistan?
Great job Tim,your the man
AMERICA THANKS YOU!!!
Thank you Senator!
Thanks Tim!
Yeah! Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Kaine! Virginians are grateful!
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Thank You!
Fix it strategy from a concerned American. She should run for office.
Thank you for all that you are doing for Americans in these trying times 
Thank you Senator!
ACA is costing local jobs to leave thanks for nothing.
Yesss we in VA u support u and are thankful and grateful you're fighting for us
Thank you and please stand firm.
Thank you!!!
Thank you.
Meanwhile McCain-while receiving the best health care possible-got out of bed to take access to health care away from his country fellows 
No, it's a "you'll have to pass the bill to find out what's in it" plan.
So good to know you're in the Senate! Thank you.
Thank you Senator, for my daughter's 4 year old son who depends on Medicaid for his therapy and countless doctors visits
That's about the only kind of plan the GOP know how to make - because thinking things through would show just how BAD their plans are . . .
Yes, because 6 years wasn't enough time to come up with a single idea.  Makes me think Republicans were lying the entire time!
Funny comparison. I wish Trump would do that.
We  you in #Virginia Senator! From a GRATEFUL   
Virginian, thank you!  YAY today! @tperran #HealthcareSafeToday
GOP has a parachute; Dems don't. Dems gave us failed ObamaCare. Should have given Russia ACA.
Dems said vote then read the bill now we have chaos
Thank you sir! Please protect the Republicans who voted no against the crazy orange man!
Thank you
Not unlike the you-have-to-pass-it-to-see-what's-in-it plan.
Very proud to have you as my Senator.
Thanks stay 
#maga #trump support OUR PRESIDENT @POTUS
No this was to get rid of and absurd law that screwing us.
Thanks to you, Senator Kaine, and all your democratic colleagues, as well as the Republican senators that have the sense to vote no.
Kind of like " We have to pass it to see what's in it"
Isn't this what you guys did when you passed aca? Gotta pass it to see what's in it ..derp
Thank you.
The Obama plan was poorly designed.  Same jump off and figure out later mindset.
Glad you aren't VP. Still winning regardless.
Bravo. It is unfortunate to have a POTUS more interested in serving himself than the citizens in this country.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator Kaine.
Thanks Sen. Kaine. #thereal2016VP
As opposed to the got-to-pass-it-first-so-we-figure-out-whats-in-it plan?
Thank you!
Thank You!
Senator Kaine, I hope you run for President in 2020! I know you can beat ANY repub that runs, especially trump. Please give it some thought.
Thats the plan we ran with when we implemented Obamacare. and now we are crashing.
Thank you!
Why is that it is what asshole dems did in the middle of the night with you Pelosi and Schumer etc when you pass the slavery obamacare
Thank you. So glad someone in Washington is looking out for Americans!!
I sooooooo wish you and Hillary were our leaders!
THANK YOU TIM KANE for doing the Right Thing!!!
Thank you for the continued fight against this insane GOP plan, Tim!
Thank you @TimKaine
Thank you, Tim, for trying to protect us.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w630RqQ2Ges …

You are the devil.
ily tim 
keep fighting
Thank you!!
I hope to god it passes. Full repeal. No replacement. Let the free market work. Get the government suits out of healthcare
Thank you! 
Thank You Senator Kaine - keep up the Good Fight - The Right to Live Healthy in the USA 
Thank you Senator! PLZ run for POTUS 2020, we need you 🖒
Thank you
Thank you!
Kind a like to jump off a cliff and put everybody on a mandated forced health insurance program Huh?!
Not good enough. Impeach Donald trump and give us universal health care like every other civilized nation on the planet.
The Senate doesn't have the power to do either of those things.
Thank you!!
Thank you sir!  Now can you talk some sense into about 3 or 4 of your @SenateGOP counterparts?  Asking for millions of friends.  #Resist
Thank you!  Don't get bullied #POTUSbully
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator 
WE NEED HILLARY IN DC!
Thank you Sir.
You got it!!!!!!!
Thank you
Introduce lots of amendments.
Thank you , now can you find a way to impeach 45
And unfortunately, you wouldn't be voting if the Republicans didn't have the votes. Death for 30 + million American souls
Thank you Sen. Kaine.
Thank you
GOP bills: 1.Cut taxes (HUGE cuts 2 top 1/10th of 1%) & 
2.Uninsure 20 mil./gut Medicaidpays for item 1. Txt "Resist" to 504-09 @FLCHAIN
From someone who experienced the negative financial impact of that kind of reckless plan, sequestration, thank you
You should suggest to Sen. Paul that he do just that.
Thank you.
You mean "We have to pass it, to read it, to know what's in it" plan.... Yes, I remember it well
#WakeUpAmerica 
Thank you again and again for doing the right thing for Virginia and for America.  Proud to have you represent us.
Thank you!
.@gop version of legislating.
Thank you!
Full repel and start over!
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting the good fight!
Thank you
The republicans need their heads examined
24 million americans will thank you for trying to save their healthcare & their lives
#singlepayer is the only answer senator!
No doubt! That's why you suck and will be voted out of Virginia soon.

Not a good plan when pertains to OUR COUNTRY,TIM,I will retweet this one!!Thanks for your VOTE though!!
Thank you Senator @timkaine !
Thank you Senator. Your votes help protect people like me.
Thank you for your service sir!!! All my respect.
Thank you!
