if you were really in solidarity with woman you'd have worn on of those giant vagina costumes the #DEMocRATS so love. #ObamaGate
Because international women's day is not a joke, and yes it's funny that a homosexual supports someone...
Yes, it only maintains something that already exists. But something that he did, is remove the protection for the...
...Transgenders to choose bath, I am grateful that it is in the hands of the state governors.
Run for President!!!!
hahahaha
what color will you wear for mens day.
and looks like your son is wearing orange jumpsuit
Yeah @timkaine turned out to be a real fabulous role model. Thank GOD #crookedhillary lost! No more scum #democRATS!
lmao
Why was your son even there, oh he must identify as a woman LOL
isn't it a felony to incite violence an set of incendiary devices off in a capital building?
you should have went with green, it would have completed the whole Joker ensemble
Why aren't you wearing ORANGE in honor of your son being ARRESTED? http://www.twincities.com/2017/03/07/son-of-sen-tim-kaine-one-of-six-arrested-during-trump-rally-at-state-capitol-last-weekend/ …
Amazing how this fraud @timkaine can stand and lecture us!! Real good example you turned out to be sir. NO MORE #democRATS!
Thank you to the man who in my heart, is our VP
glad your heart isn't reality both him and HRC are criminals, the REAL Russian connection is HRC not Trump
you mean like running a successful presidential campaign? That was a great accomplishment.
Thanks Tim! Nice to know the people's VP has our backs
people's VP, another participation trophy for a democrat, how cute
did you wear your Pussy hat?
Or is this really a tribute to your BLOODSUCKING global Cults!? Go with God and #MAG
Thank you VICE PRESIDENT Kaine.  :(  (shoulda been)
too bad wishes aren't reality for you snowflake, get over it, the criminals lost and the REAL Russian connection is HRC
; go easy on your son  #weneedguyslikehim
We need more lawbreaking thugs?  Think not...but expect no less from  Dems these days
; "lawbreaking thugs" are people who commit perjury - like Jeff Sessions, and men who "grab women by the pussy"
Sessions didn't commit perjury he answered both questions as asked, but you would know that if you
had actually read the transcripts so are you illiterate or just uninformed
Good idea, you obviously suck really, really bad at raising boys.
and your son is wearing jail jumpsuit orange, apples don't fall far from the tree you lying criminal
I heard the bid for the kid in the cell is up to two packs of Camels and some KoolAid
red is a commie color
I'm just as grateful you're not VP as I am @HillaryClinton isn't President 
your son is wearing an orange jumpsuit.
your still a FN p.u.s.s.y!!
you should wear stripes to honor Hillary's contribution to society - keep ur son woody on a leash too
Real women followed their commitments and went to work, example *nurses*.VA patients thanked them for showing up. True
So, is your son getting a Time-out for rioting?
How cute but you should be wearing civilian clothes asyour unfit for government duty. BTW you need to go back to parenting school.
Did Soro's pay your son to riot? What's the going rate for a Sen. son?
i always knew you were more woman! Good to be in touch with your feminine side Tim.
Too bad your son is wearing orange. Great parenting there Tim.
Have your periods synched up yet?
as a women that worked 44 years, you do not represent me. Teach your son to be civil and not an anarchist.
You might want to bail your kid out of jail instead of tweeting.
Sen. I applaud you.The Mess You had to deal with.
your son is wearing stripes for his lack of contribution to the country.
why not wear orange is the new black to match your thug criminal son?
your son is wearing orange you hypocritite
Dear Liberals, Sen Kaine is about to show you how white privilege works with his jailbird son..

Your son is wearing orange for his crimes against society https://twitter.com/timkaine/status/839501642827464705 …
.  U Were Terrible Debating Mike Pence. Rude & Obnoxious.
.  Term Limits. Give Someone Else A Chance. You've Made Your Money. Retire .
A red thong maybe.
somewhere along the line you failed your family you dont have qualities for a leader!
I'm sure red looks great on you   Knowing democrats this is your look for the day
I bet your criminal son is enjoying wearing his orange!
ORANGE IS THE NEW BARACK!!!
Yeah right.  Heard you don't treat your wife with respect.  Cheating much?
how manly
YOU MUST BE SO PROUD OF YOUR SON...PIPE BOMB IN THE CAPITAL...RAISED HIM RIGHT..LIBERAL TERRORISM TAUGHT AT HOME!
LMAO HOW ABOUT THE WOMEN COPS WHO HAVE TO WORK TO PROTECT LEFTWING NUTJOBS THAT WALK OUT ON THEIR STUDENTS & PARENTS?? NUTZ DEMS
thank you senator !! 
how well is your son contributing to society?
Your tepid corporate sponsored right centrism brought us Trump.   Please go away and stop the phony feminist posturing.
Sadly, some women have to work on #IWD.:
Typical. Women get stuck with the babysitting.   #adaywithoutwomen #IWD https://twitter.com/thinkprogress/status/839513548942278656 …
@ideate_vision thank you, sir!
I'm wearing red until about 7 PM. Then I need to switch to Orange and Maroon! Go Hokies!

Go spend some quality time with your son, LINWOOD, and support his transitioning into a woman.
thought you would be busy bailing your son out. He looks like a real winner.
Thank you!!
so am I.
is your son wearing red or an orange jumpsuit
. Women like u look good in red,brings out ur eyes, hope u shaved before u sported them thigh hi's, & hi heels.don't 4get war paint
I'm wearing red today too! Even though, after seeing the map of th US with so many red states, I swore off Red forever!!!
When you make a commitment, walking out on it shows just how serious you are about it.
You Rock!
thank you!!!
bring "Lil Woody" down south to play stupid games...
Thank you Senator!
If u R wearing red it may clash with your clown outfit.U must b so proud of your son being arrested  in your fake Lib war v POTUS
- Thank you for your support!
Yes! I saw you on TV this morning w/ your red tie.
are you wearing red in honor of the woman your son and other arrested rioters injured?
that's a hard lift for a lifelong U Ky fan. Think Ind & Louisville, but I'll wear red today for women and get back to BB later
thank you!
u live your commitment.  Thank you.
did you give the female staff in Who-ville the day off?
laughingstock
why not strap on a Kotex pad while ur at it, LOL?
What about men?  Do they contribute?  This whole thing is ridiculous.
what color do you wear for idiots who disrupt rallies with fireworks?
Awe....that's cute. Keep your people out of Trump rallies.
furthermore, nobody cares what you wear
Timmy Boy, my grandmother and mother made contributions to America long before you even existed.  You don't matter
Your a joke. A belief in the failed policies of the Democratic Party who have become a band of misfit toys.
Thank you Senator Kaine.  #InternationalWomensDay
check out @NastyWP as well. It is a book written by women and all proceeds go to PP #InternationalWomensDay
thank you!
Thank you Senator!
#TrueVP, it would be nice if you tweeted a foto of you in your blazing red glory. Also cheers to your youngest  #StillWithHer
me too!
Is the homegrown Brownshirted Nazi terrorist out of jail yet?
you should be watching you children closer, maybe they would not be arrested.
My husband is also with me with wearing  red shirts. Thank you for sticking up for Women. I plan on doing this every year.
thought it was to honor all the kickback money you got from Pearson education programs!
You are a sweetie @timkaine. Wish you were our Vice President. 
love u 
wear black in honor of raising a stupid-ass child.  well done.
Your son is wearing stripes today for his lack of contribution to society.
for standing up for what is right.  Go Woody 
HORSE CRAP !
Do the numbers 304-227 mean anything to you?
Its the difference between winners , and loser . Stop crying @timkaine you're eye liner is running again .
Thank you for your hard work. Wish my Senators were more like you.
is your son out of jail yet?
I'm wearing blue today in honor of #8yearswithoutdemocrats. BTW, I prefer #LifeWithWomen. They're awesome.
and your son is wearing orange.  Dopeslap him and tell him there's better ways to fight Trump
resistance is right! Go Woody 
SIT DOWN AND SHUT UP WOODY !
Thank you Senator.
Hope you got the underwear to match! :)  You are cool, man.
I thought Blue was your color?
Thank you!
#InternationalWomensDay
