71% of the public favor a bipartisan effort to improve the ACA, instead of GOP continuing repeal efforts @DrewAltman http://kaiserf.am/2sR2DYe 
Then tell the democrats to quit setting on their hands, and get to work. Show the republians biparitisan effort
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1478884868867787&id=100002388645081&ref=bookmarks …
Nobody wants "bipartisan" efforts because the GOP's efforts are all to take health care away & make everything a preexisting condition
No I want complete REPEAL!!
#RepealACA
We want #SinglePayer or #MedicareForAll. NOW.

We're not backing down. A MAJORITY want some form of #UHC.

YOU work for US. Get to it. NOW.
Feel Americans should be able to vote on what type of health care plans are provided to our Reps.
universal health care now
Americans overwhelmingly wanted bipartisan health care fixes before #Obamacare was rammed down their throats and that didn't happen
Not true! 18 months of hearings and amendments with GOP input! What GOP are doing is ramming!!
How many Republicans voted for Obamacare? ZERO!!! Republicans were overwhelming elected to the House, Senate and   White House to repeal ACA
Wrong. Most everyone wants Commiecare repealed.
So why have you Dems done nothing until now?  Your law screwed lots of working people. 71% can see a flawed pc of legislation.
Mr. Kaine I do not trust any of these polls these days. I want a complete repeal of obamacare, let people choose their own health care.
Is that like saying Clinton had a 97% chance of winning the presidency?  
True Stat: 100% chance your offspring are criminals.
Wrong!!!  Repeal the tax sucking insurance rewarding and budget draining ACA!!!
no, we want a repeal of this awful law!
Yes, the need to listen but they don't know how.  Absolutely no practice.
Are these the same polls that said you and Hillbillary the dragon lady would win
This Virginian wants Obamacare gone
ACA is a failure. Not enough people want to sign up and healthcare costs went way up for 100's of millions of us. Obama lied to us.
America voted for repeal and replace. How do YOU not get that Tim?
No they don't you didn't listen when you guys were in charge
Your lying we have not seen you do anything but obstruction for health care
Single payer
No. Americans want it repealed and Govt OUT of our health decisions. There is NO IMPROVING govt control.
KAISER OWNS YOU
That's because Kaiser gives the most money to you snowflakes...THATS YOUR SINGLE PAYER CARRIER...I'D RATHER HAVE NO INSURANCE THAN KAISER.
What happened before Ocare? Repeal Ocare and let insurance companies battle with doctors, hospitals and bring rates down. No govt healthcare
@KaiserFamFound @DrewAltman @axios @SenateGOP rise up work with the Dems. This crazy shenanigans is embarrassing!!B 4 the ppl 
If that is true, then why did you pass a Democrat only bill in the first place?! #hypocrisy #aca
Real ?. When #Obama and #Dems were creating  #ACA did they invite Republicans in for input? Not to watch, but what the other half may want?

Actually 71% want GOP "to work with Dems to improve ACA." 71% want Obamare fixed, not replaced.
That's not true!
Simple: Medicare for all.
Republicans want to kill Americans? Fine.
Make Republicans kill Americans in public. Daily. Broadcast nationally.
We want repeal and replace. That's why he won, legally.
No, Senator, majority does want Obamacare repealed. You are the one not listening. You only want what you want.
Where is your"bipartisan" input and support? Where is your concern for Virginians who can't afford ACA premiums?
@KaiserFamFound @DrewAltman we wanted that 8 yrs ago but instead @TheDemocrats. just stuffed oblundercare down r throats by force

Unfortunately they are deaf.
Those r only people who r getting subsidies. Why would they want change if the govt is gonna pay 4 insurance.
We want government out of healthcare
Where was the bipartisanship when Obamacare passed?  You certainly didn't encourage such a thing then.
No. The ACA was based on lies. Need clean slate. I like Trumps idea. Competition within insurance companies.Bring down costs.
Moderate Republicans who get how much the radical bill hurts their people need to sit down with Democrats and write a bill for America!
By almost 2 to 1 Americans want single payer #MediCareForAll
I think most Americans would be fine with the same insurance that Congress has that's all. majority would be fine with rates of the 50s too
Americans want to repeal ACA that was pushed down our throats by the dims.
Can't get quality healthcare with Govt involvement from ACA or new bill.  Just lowers competition. Focus on cost drivers not who pays.
Americans overwhelmingly want #MediCareForAll ..
All the polls show this ..
And most people didn't want Obamacare when the Dems passed it. Selectively caring about public opinion, when it's convenient perhaps?
So why didn't the Dems do that in the first place?
If we didn't want a repeal, we wouldn't have voted for them. Odd how YOUR healthcare bill is suddenly broken and needs bipartisan fix.
This is bogus research
Provide #Americans the same healthcare, benefits our employees - members of Congress - receive at the same income/affordability ratio!
Not me
We want a repeal of this socialist crap
partisan politics is a roadblock to success. Is it allegiance to a country or a party?
If the GOP wants Democrats to "work with them" on ACA, that means "to  vote for whatever madness the GOP proposes" ; it won't be bipartisan.
There are a lot of things going on in DC. You don't seem to be following.  Where'd you go ?
GOP was the party who snubbed Obama and Democrats when they were given every opportunity to assist w/ ACA; they didn't want Obama to 'win'.
This is not true
Want to prove otherwise?
You should be ashamed for lying about medicaid. Thank God you lost!!!
THANK YOU, @timkaine ! You may not be my current Senator, but you rep your state VERY well. Get @SenCoryGardner to do the same.
ACA is DOA. Work together to get it fixed.
You misspelled AHCA. It's the one that's dead in the water.
Yes, so STOP lying to the ppl. Medicaid is NOT going to be cut tremendously, but improved. NO one is losing. Tell the blasted truth! Liar 
Yes, millions of Americans will be "improved" off the program. Seems like an improvement most people wouldn't like
Americans ELECTED Pres Trump to REPEAL Obamacare, cut taxes & regs, rebuild military, build wall, enforce immig laws, stop inverted refugees
Me Kaine do you think Donald Jr deserves the death penalty for treason! That is the penalty for treason!
You should be excommunicated from the church for backing someone who supports killing babies.
Timothy is ACA is a failure and Dems created it & forced it on the American people GOP don't NEED to include hypocritical liberal A** Holes
Yip

You can scrap the ACA and start over.  That's what MOST people I know and talk to want. You're talking about your Dem Political peers
Universal healthcare. Everyone in. Based on your income. Drive costs down.
We are $20 Trillion in debt. Debt your children and grandchildren will pay.
Why did you Dems pass crappy Obamacare in first place? If good law why need fixed?
#FixItDontNixIt
best way to improve ACA is to ABOLISH IT, REPEAL NOW
And that means purging health care industry lobbyists from any discussion and influence. No other country has excessive costs like we do.
@SenCoryGardner You represent Colorado NOT the GOP.
They aren't interested in weather Americans want.
GOP working overtime to erase any evidence of previous administrations.  Creating a dynasty with a caste system. Casting doubt on the truth
Americans overwhelmingly want single payer
Partisan politics render them useless when it comes to #TrumpMakesRichRicher agenda.  Health care bill w/o input from med community? Insane.
If that's what people wanted, you'd be VP.
Stop crying and offer something up---It needs lower premium cost, by negotiated drugs, interstate competition, expand Medicare/Medicaid
Lie. Obamacare is a turd. Only lovers of turds deny this.
The only way you are going to get a bipartisan solution to health insurance is to start over with a clean piece of paper. Repeal the ACA 1st
Americans overwhelmingly want Medicare for All, but you miserable neoliberal Democrats keep pretending not to hear.
treason,Just think this Child could have been V/President,pleassss
@PatToomey PLEASE listen to your constituents.
Senator, we need universal healthcare!
Since when does GOP care what Americans want.
#teapartycult needs to go, this was nutz BEFORE Obama....hasn't improved! PPL need to ask their elected, WILL you work with other side!
But what do the Kochs want?
Too bad you are too busy peddling fake conspiracy theories and accusing Trumps son of treason, while yours is arrested for protesting Merica
left wing hacks tend to agree with you; intelligent Americans know better
I was going to argue and saw the Breitbart links in your feed and realized you were just a right wing hack.
No, I want a repeal of the ACA, no replacement.   If you must keep it however, drop the mandate and you'll have no argument from me.
@KaiserFamFound @DrewAltman
Just fix the cost of procedures and cap over all healthcare prices on prescriptions, ACA is implanted in America just fix the dam thing
That's what happens when you create a monstrous gov program.  You make it hard for people to escape.
Seriously! Just think of everything we could accomplish if we actually worked together or this shit
@WhiteHouse THANK YOU been calling writing tweeting about this & we have all been completely ignored @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SenateDems

Difficult, when they cover their ears with both hands and yell incessantly,
"WAAA, WAAA. WAAA. WAAA".
Maybe had it been  bipartisan to start it would not be such a mess today.

We've called! We've begged! Still don't care!!
We do...Funny how the majority of people i know got screwed by Obamacare...so why spread more lies Timmy. You sound so foolish every tweet
Ask your boss schumer  what he wants.
Especially since the bill was bi-partisan to begin with! @SenateMajLdr knows this, but like Russia, doesn't care. UnAmerican.
Not likely.  
CORRUPT http://www.politico.com/story/2016/06/tim-kaine-virginia-veep-mcdonnell-clinton-224888 …
"favor" =/= "want". Anyway, Godfather's Pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain. You should be ashamed of yourself.
