2nd worst POTUS ever. Barely beating out FDR.
What kind of people waste time tweeting hateful lies & trashing Jimmy on his special day? Actually FDR & Jimmy were our best Presidents ever
So you were not around during his term I see. I suggest you read up on the “Misery index”. He utterly destroyed the mil. with cuts.
You're talking nonsense. Jimmy was my governor & my father worked for him. Stop lying.
I am not. Just because you cannot accept the truth, that is on you. What did your father do for him?
You mean your lies.

DON'T SEND me links. I've already read tons of books & studied the Presidential archives for two decades. I have a mind of my own.
Was the worst most incompetent President in our history until Obama was elected. I’m sure Carter is very thankful. Hppy Birthday
The 52 Americans held hostage in Iran for 444 days might feel differently.
Wrong! I knew one of them. He was very thankful to Jimmy whose courage & wisdom saved his life. Stick to topics you know something about.
2md worse President in American history behind Obama
He brought humanity, the work he started in habitat for humanity is unsurpassed, he is legend, far too humble and nice for a president
Happy Birthday Jimmy Carter! 
Thank you @timkaine!  President and Mrs. Carter are amazing people!  True gems!
Jimmy Carter. A class act. A diplomat. An intellect. An empath. Talk about a study in contrasts with our current @POTUS.
Carter was the worst most incompetent President in our history until Obama was elected. I’m sure Carter is very thankful. #MAGA Trump 2020
Is your son still in jail?
worry about your Nazi criminal IN chief bc when Mueller is done with his investigation it will b impeachment and indictment
Trump isn't under any investigation 
Yes, a REAL PRESIDENT Jimmy Carter.
Second worst president. Bammy took the ‘honor.’
Your opinion
The greatest president in his post-term years.
What would Jimmy do about the gun problem??? What will you do to help, Timmy? Libby-La!
Huh?
@1911Spartan  Hey Zippy, you spelled "anti- Semitic" incorrectly.
Jimmy Carter is more a man than @realDonaldTrump ever could hope to be.  And also an example of what a true American Christian is. (Cont'd)
I love Jimmy Carter. Wish we had more like him.
happy birthday
So you are congratulating an anti-semite? You're judged by the company you keep.
This massacre on your hands democrats your constant attack of our president and hate tearing this nation apart shame and n you
He’s a libby anti~Semite dirtbag
I wish sometimes, he was still president and it was still 1977.
Happy Birthday Mr. President! You're one of the most dedicated people in the world. God Bless you.
I believe he is the very finest man to ever hold that office.
Being president isn't even one of his greatest accomplishments!
Happy Bithday Jimmy Carter! (prob not on Twitter, right?) what a stupendous role model for others to live up to.
History will vindicate Carter.
#JimmyCarter is a real American and is what really makes America great.
Carter is making up for the 4 years of miserable failure and suffering he inflicted on Americans call it a penance
And a truly beautiful human being.
He came up to Canada & helped build a house for Habitat for Humanity.  Wonderful man.
You seem to be cut from the same cloth.
The last honest Democrat.
Happy birthday President Carter. Many well wishes and blessings! #presidentCarter
Blessings to you, Mr. President! ! Thank you for your humanity!!!
Thank you Mr. Carter for being an outstanding example of presidential poise and grace. Happy  birthday!
If our current POTUS had just a fraction of the compassion and integrity of President Carter we would be in a lot better shape
They don't make 'em like that anymore.  He's a great man.
Do you really have no idea that everything you think, do, &'say, is completely compromised by a total lack of integrity? Probably not.
And still is!
He is the REAL deal
Okay at first I read “Happy 39th birthday” and I got really confused.
A true hero on every level! My favorite President by far!
Seriously? He gave control of the Panama Canal to CHINA! What's wrong with you? Just tell him happy birthday & leave it. Geez. @seanhannity
Happy birthday @JimmyCarter39th
He's a hero in my eyes.
Same here! Selfless, ethical, moral...walks the talk.
Absolutely.
I really hope and believe that when T is out of office the whole of other countries will tell him what they really think of him.
Unlike today's Dems he didn't try to hide who he is. Like our current great @POTUS   he spoke the truth without nuance.
Carter truly walks the walk.
Is true!
39 is 93!
How old is he now? He is a true man of God.
Yes. Happy Birthday to a true gentleman & class act How far we have fallen @realDonaldTrump is a #Failure
Extolling an anti-Semite.  No wonder Hillary lost!
You are border lining when you talk like that with me being a Catholic!
Border- lining what?  My husband is a Catholic and I am a Messianic Jew, one who follows Kudaism but believes in Jesus as the Messiah.
Judaism
If I don't pull on your chain you won't reply 
True!  You got me!  I voted for Hillary and I voted for Bernie in the primaries because he's a Jew, not that I agree with his Israel 'tude.
Didn't care for Bernie's socialist views of government but I don't care for Illiberal democracy either that the GOP wants!
I voted for Bernie out of respect for my patents' memory.  I really thought HilIary would win.  She made foolish choices.
An American hero
He could give Trump some lessons on how to being a decent human being.
93 and still building houses 
He's our best ex-prez, imho
God bless him. Genuine loving kind-American hero
Happy Birthday 39th President Jimmy Carter and many more.....
No other like him. He cares about all people.
Oh and he did make peace between Israel n Egypt
 good one🖒
Happy Happy Birthday To The President Who's Still Building Houses For The Poor Happy Birthday To Our 39th Potus God Bless You
He is incredible. Love he and his wife. Together they have shown what patriots and christians are. Always working and giving to others.

God bless you, President Carter! @CarterLibrary 
Happy Birthday Mr President I appreciate you being a honest man in the WH thank you for your service
Negative.
#JimmyCarter  He is a 180 degree turn from this current twit we have to put up with. Happy Birthday Mr. Carter. You are still making us proud.
Jimmy Carter is truly a good man.  Happy Birthday Mr President!
Amen, brother.  Hell, I even miss Billy.
Happy Birthday President Carter.  A true statesman. Thank you for your service.
Jesus! What?
Happy Birthday, Mr President.  you are a breath of fresh air.  i hope you enjoy many many more birthdays in good health.  have a great day!!
Happy birthday President Carter, thank you for all you do and all you have done.
A great humatarim !! Happy Birthday President Carter !

The first president I had the pleasure to vote for. He is still a great man who is the epitome of a public servant. Thanks Tim
God bless Jimmy  Carter for his unselfish  contribution to mankind!
And one of the worst living presidents
A truly great American!
And even though I'm agnostic, he would easily get my vote if he challenged Trump in 2020.  If Congress doesn't #ImpeachTrumpNow first.
As the years go by, I become more and more impressed with Jimmy Carter, both as president, and as a private citizen.
Yeah, a good friend of Hugo Chavez!!
He is such a caring soul-his legacy will be his service to his country & humanity-selfless compassion. True American. 
HEY GET OFF YOUR ASS AND GET TRUMP OUT
Happy birthday to President Carter
Yeah he kinda didn't deserve the title of worst. President ever that will now belongs to 44
He was an ethical,patriotic, principled President.....virtues missing in today's WH.
We need you more than ever, Jimmy.
Love him. He is a good man
Thanks Jimmy a great American!
Yeah, you and the Clintons she take serious lessons from him. He's a @SenSanders supporter for a reason!
Yes, Carter is an anti-Semite and Sanders is an Israel-hating Jew.  Trump, however, is the lowest form of reptilian I could ever imagine.
Happy Birthday Mr President you're a wonderful man and thank you for your great work & tremendous spirit! Bless you
Happy Birthday Tim! 
Happy Birthday President Carter!! You and my daughter share the same birthday!!
A President who truly cares about  improving people's lives.
Enlight of the vile that is in office now may we all find it our hearts to give to @Habitat_org #PuertoRicoReliefNOW

my customer! i wrote code that made Budget electronic 1st time!
Not "has been" IS.
He is a selfless man. I'm proud he was our President. He should serve as an example to all of us.
Yes! Happy birthday Pres. Carter and than you for everything you do Sir. What a wonderful role model and citizen. Many more happy days! 
I so admire our 39th pres. Proud we share the same home state
Carter was inept. Hostages 444 days, boggled rescue attempt, interest rates 20+ percent. Kaine trying to rewrite history on Carter.  #MAGA
We could use a dedicated public servant about now! Happy birthday Mr President!
You are so right. If we had a Jimmy Carter in office, we wouldn't be in this mess. Have a great Sunday
Happy Birthday!
Took my teens to church he and Mrs. belong to, before Christmas few years ago, he highlighted misogyny Mary-days & now. #HesATrueChristian
After Obama, worst president this nation ever had. Horrible domestic policy, foreign policy and terrible economic policy. Nothing good.
@TwitWittyVal  and a good and kind human being. 
93 and going strong.
The kind of American President that the world respects. Happy birthday Mr President.
Absolutely!
the powerful and the influential have carved out for themselves or have inherited a privileged position in society  http://www.americanrhetoric.com/speeches/jimmycarterlawday1974.htm …
Happy Birthday 
Senator please do all you can to impeach the sickness called trump
He hasn't done anything for an impeachable offense.
Yes! Happy Birthday Mr. President (Mr. Carter) @CarterLibrary ... Grace, dignity, and honour are the hallmarks of a good man. You are that!
Happy Birthday Mr.President Carter.
Amen! I miss him. I miss Obama. I miss all good decent people. Glad you are posting.
Much love to a great man!
Of course Obama could've changed things to after Hillary /Kaine won! Oops sorry America said NO more losers and sent them packing! LMAO
Happy birthday Jimmy ! Good news NO one thinks you were the worst president anymore! Not since after 8yrs of Obama!
Happy birthday, President Carter. Thank you for your dedication to humanity.
Bad President. Nice and honorable American! Happy birthday indeed!
Happy Birthday President Carter!
Sure wish you were our VP TIM! Happy Birthday President Carter! We still love You & your Wife! 
A real president
And continues to be. 
A TRUE Humanitarian!!
A blessed & happy bday President Carter
A great American, always giving & serving American people. This is a true Christian!
Help us he is going to get people killed #NK
I will always love Jimmy carter   he is a saint
What an amazing and humble man he is.  I love him and his beautiful wife.  They brought love, compassion and dignity to the White House.
Arguably the best ex president ever
And a complete failure as a president. Not to mention your embarrassing loss.
One can imagine and weep for the beautifully compassionate and immediate response he would have attended to PR. Happy Birthday #39!
In other news...
Second worst President in USA history!  First one Barack Hussein Obama!!
Says the BOT!
Met President Carter this summer while building Houses for Humanity he is such a sweet man Happy Birthday President Carter 
This is what a real President looks like. President Carter has given back so much with his charity work.
Yeah AFTER he was president. Cant do that while in office. Too early to compare against other real Presidents
One of the best examples of a decent human being in my lifetime @CarterLibrary
Happy Bday, President Carter.
You are a good man, Jimmy; one who demonstrates daily what a real Christian acts like.
Many more, sir.
Where are you and Hillary Clinton on the issue of standing for the national anthem must be hiding
You guys have NOTHING in common.

