Please make sure that the day and time that Mr. Comey will  testify is widely publicized. Don't want to miss a minute of it!!!
I was just thinking I hope I have no appts that day!!!
Girl, you better cancel them!!!
Do we have a date and time yet?
Wednesday at 0930 was mentioned last week. Not sure if that has been confirmed.
I heard not until after Memorial Day?
Now sure, but we will all of to keep one another posted!!! #TheResistance
Will do!
Surely you speak of the "leaks" from unAmerican, obama holdovers.
Comey violated the Hatch Act that got the accidental dictator elected. We all wanted him fired then but not now. The beginning of the end
But not the Russians I bet
Trust it will  be  forthcoming
Senator Kaine why are you not demanding the immediate arrest and prosecution of Trump??? You are losing your spine!!!!
@foxnews can't create propaganda when the "nut job" testifies.
It's obvious trump conspired with Russia & stole the election
This is the problem with libs, you think you're always right and can't fathom someone thinking differently
YES YES YES
Me too , you nutjob...all we got was spin for 8 years

You and 99%
First time that you will be happy to hear from Mr. Comey in a while!
Trump or Pense? We can't win!
I trust Alan Dershowitz over you. Kaine you are nothing but a leftist talking point voice box will no ideas of your own.
can you suggest a congressional resolution to make the day of his testimony a national holiday??
tired of your spin and your friends in the media spin. Can any of you come forward with any facts
#really?
Bunch of Kool Aid drinkers posting wishful fantasies.  Dems lost the election and will spend the next 4 years churning up the lemming left.
why was HRC not under oath when she testified 4 the FBI? So they could say she did not LIE UNDER OATH?  Prison for HRC and COMEY
Oh like we've had for the past 8 yrs.
The problem with public testimony is Comey will be limited in what he can share.
Cuz your not in the WH? How's Hitlary?
Vote these cheating Dems out in 2018. Conspiracy is not with Russia, it's with the alternative news.  Tune into Fox or One American News.
Thanks to President Trump, congress set to begin plans to repair infrastructure; highways & bridges.  No talk of infrastructure until Trump
Pentagon reports, changes to tactics ordered by President Trump, leave ISIS with no escape!  Thank Mr. President.
Following Pres.Trumps meeting with China, beef exports too begin, no later than 7-16-17.  American Farm Bureau applauds, America applauds!
Congrats to Pres.Trump-Ford Motors announce plans to invest 350 million in transmission plant in Livonia, Mi.. 800 hourly jobs added 2 ecnmy
President Trump makes Saudi Arabia 1st stop on Middle East tour.  King 
Salman bestows highest civilian honor.  So much 4 anti-Muslim bunk
Hillary's emails were sent to Wikileaks by Seth Rich.  Seth died for his actions, DNC drummed up Russian conspiracy to hide source.
Seth's laptop was taken By FBI 4 forensics, but later lost?  FBI says they don't have it, it's not their case?  Referred to WPD.  Case open
Seth Rich had brusies to hands, knees & face and 2 bullets in back.  Phone, cash & watch were not taken?  Strange position for a robbery?
Days B4 Seth Rich was 2 testify about voter fraud & Hill's emails, Seth was murdered.  WPD says, robbery gone bad?  Nothing was taken?
One America News, reports Seth Rich, former DNC staffer sent 44,053 DNC emails 2 Wikileaks.  Oddly, same # Dems attributed to Russia?
Aren't All!!! I would also look at Sessions Obstruction. I believe Comey put in 4 resources & @USAGSessions hid or killed it.
What is the exact date? Repubs blocked Yates for months...I have a feeling Burr et al will delay Comeys testimony too.
IF he is allowed to testify. I'll believe it when he's actually in the room, sworn in, seated and starts talking. Just hope oath means truth
Still don't trust Comey 100%. Have not forgiven him for his part in the election!!
All of us are America tired of liars fraudsters and fakers lff trump
Yea, like why did he not indict #Hillary for inappropriate handling of classified info, indict #Huma for same...
I know we are!
Let the investigation find its way and get of your ass and get to work!!  Tell both parties quit crying and get to work!!
Looking forward to your comments and tv appearances. Welcome back
Amen to that!  I am tires of all of these shenanigans!
What did you think of Eisenstein's briefing??
AMEN! You should have been our VP along with President Hillary Clinton...you both will be vindicated by the truth!
And we are tired of the MSM and Democratic spin.  Go to work for America, cut taxes and repeal Obamacare.
I've ordered my sweet popcorn already.
Your tired of the WH spin?...
Not as tired as we r of hearing u don't forget you r up for reelection c how that goes but I suggested local car wash
me too!  #followthemoney
where's the crime?  where's the evidence?  where's the proof?
Me too!
And we are tired of you @timkaine
I bought  50 lbs of popcorn (cheaper in bulk) and will share!
Me too!
condolences...the bums lost
So is the rest of the world. Impeach this  & restore US standing in the world before it's to late.
I agree 100% pls don't allow Pence 2 b come POTUS he is involved up 2 his ears!
looks like they are getting to the good part of the Russian inv.Hope the truth comes out+I have a feeling Trump lost the election>than3mil.
Me, too!
How about spending more time making government more efficient.
His perspective is flawed . . . he has proven that.
We all are.
You and everyone else.  Thank you, Senator.
I'm looking forward for you to lower my health insurance premiums and tax rates! Get busy with real problems.
You think you're tired of it!! Let me tell you....
Should it be different than when he testified a few weeks ago?
Tired of lies from the White House.
I  MY ACA !  ;)
So are we all
Why would DJT leave his lavish billionaire lifestyle to conspire with russia, be impeached, and ruin his legacy? The Dems narrative.
The American people deserve to know the truth about this attack on our democracy from a communist country. #lockup45
It should be sooner!
You enjoyed it from the #Obama though.
You live in sinful blind wilful immoral & unGodly denial senator. If u dont wake up in life & see the truth, u'll see it in hell!
Me too!!!
Ditto, but how did you ALL allow this to happen? At least 1 Senate Dem could have ? electoral college votes. Some were illegal!


Be a leader of us.  Stand taller than the rest.  Be better.  Be kind.  Be respectful.  Set the example.
We are too! @timkane We want our country back!
...and respect to our fellow man.  No more pointing the finger and using the line of "but he/she does it!"  That's what spoiled toddlers do.
Well being a US citizen is pretty disappointing and tiring, too. So disappointed
...peers to lead on a federal level.  It's time for all of our elected officials to step up and be adults.  It's time to preach calmness...
Please keep him safe until then 
...the actions of another, so what waste your time and effort complaining about the current POTUS?  Ignore him and work with your...
...contempt for your colleagues from a different political party.  Just be adults and treat people with respect.  No one can control the...
Let's hope there won't be some pretext to delay.
I liked you as Governor but I don't recognize you anymore.  You and @MarkWarner are elected politicians in a swing state.  Stop showing...
I'm not expecting too much right now.
Please help us 
Run comey tape of may 3rd....testimony to Congress u ass
You are not by yourself.
Bahahahaha you libs never let me down. I needed a good laugh. 
Do something productive...like sharpen your crayons
I am a bit concerned w/the news re:White House comment'g everyone believes Russia only had sway over Flynn, seems to easy to me ...fall guy?
but but but just a couple months ago you all wanted Comey fired.....
I knw this is hard for Trump supporters to understand but people can change their opinion on things. What he did w/ Hillary right b4 the
@terrib1233  Hi Senator! Wish you were VP.
Wishing in one hand shitting in other c which fills up first
Sorry Lenny u make no sense
I will be glue on the Tele for sure.
Not just on this but everything
This is like Comey going to Reconciliation. "Forgive me, Senator, for I have screwed up."
Looking forward to you and Senator high-five after the testimony.
Will they actually let him testify?
It'll be Must See TV. It will have higher ratings than The Apprentice. LOL 
Go get 'em, Senator Kaine!
Why do the reporters & congressional people believe that Trump is personally loyal to Flynn? I think Flynn can spill the beans. Collusion!
Glad he took notes
That's ok timmy, we're tired of your vitriolic hyperbole and partisan whining
Amen... Most of the country is as well
Did he come out of the WH curtain safe place yet? Pretty reliable testimony there?!?
The guy already has zero credibility.
We all are Senator Kaine.
Us two Mr Kaine.
Spinning is making us all dizzy!
As we are tired of yours also!
I agree with you sir. These are sad and terrifying times we live in.
You're the one who keeps letting them play with the top! Please begin Impeachment proceedings.
You're tired of the spin? Well damn Tim I don't know what to tell ya.
Will he answer all questions or say that some answers would compromise national security?
You let our enemies know of any troop deployments lately?
TAILSPIN. 

Fixed.
If it's long overdue,  what does that make MEMORIAL DAY? Less talk, more do.
While we wait, I hope someone is watching over him and tasting his food.
Thank you, Senator! The commonwealth and country are lucky to have you!
*Did you mean 'spy' not 'spin' ?
 Just ask'in
I'm tired of the White House, period. Psychotic, disgusting, traitorous pigs. So dishonest and beyond disrespectful to the American ppl
We deserve better damnit!!!!!!!!! you Don the Con and everyone else in your corrupt administration
I think you should take over the WH, Senator.
I know you can't state publicly but u must say "I told you so" a lot 
We are tired of you and crooked hilary
A-FUCKING-MEN!
I am tired of them all.  The constant lies--disputing facts we can see & read; introducing new terms "alternative facts". So corrupt.
I think you meant You are tired of the WH alternative facts!
Funny, coming from someone who ran with the most corrupt women to ever serve in the US Gov't. Virginian's now know what a political hack u r
So are the majority of us Senator!!
TRAITOR TRUMP
Why must we wait so long to hear from him?!
Please inform us the moment you know the date. Need to ask for the day off. Lol.
If you are thinking of running for president you will have to improve your debate demeanor
Amen.
What can be done to force Trump to resign?
Aren't we all. #trumpMustGo
Me too senator
I'm with you Sen Kaine!!
Know that folks who voted for Trump will blame Dems as being sore. He/they did this to us. Go get em.
