I don't understand why they want to do this?!? They are not making America great again, they are destroying it! Makes me wanna move!
nonsense, premiums doubled under O-care and you said they would go down. Liar
Uh Timmy,.. PROJECTIONS based on 2026!! When are YOU going to do your job and LEGISLATE?? There will B a new healthcare prgm in way B4 2026!
Wow is that number is up from the 23 million I had heard oh my God please let's not take anyones health care away thanks for your hard work
Picking numbers from the air like butterflies.
Well if premiums are only doubling that's even better than the Obama care tripling
ACA is a disaster and a national embarrassment...as are you Timmy.
Are you sure your not talking about your hero Obama. Everybody knows you want a one payer system. I can't wait until your voted out clown.
#SinglePayerNow #MedicareForAllNow
Why isn't anyone discussing how states could decide to leave up Cap or not on lifetime max?
Medicare for all
I don't think the millions of millenials who elect not to purchase insurance should count as those losing insurance
Why does the GOP keep torturing us? What is wrong with Trump voters? With effort ACA will work well for all. WTF?
Not as long as insurance companies are running the show.
Hell this number keeps going up. I think I read 100 million. Use that number since you dont care about facts.
End corporate citizenship. End money as speech. Make it illegal to buy our politicians. This is all about money, should be about people.
Nothing will get any better until we get big money out of politics. But with politicians on the take, good luck with that.o
Okay, now convince Trump that he's not helping Americans by repealing ACA.  He's hurting and killing people.
Millions will DIIIEEE...because Dems sell it and people like you buy it. ACA is a disaster!!
You can stop trying to bullshit. Game is up.
Thank you for your service. Not a Virginian but glad you are there. Ty.
What good is health insurance if you can't afford to use it? Stop misleading Americans and get on board with a more viable healthcare system
Why do long acting asthma drugs Dulera and Symbicort have $300 copays with Medicare drug coverage? COPD pts being targeted??
As it stands now the ACA is too expensive for anyone who isn't broke to actually use. Doubling premiums wont matter. Not with 6k deductible.
Insurance in general is expensive.  Employer plans have $6,000 deductibles too.
Tim stop reading cue cards created by Dems as a means of selling a concept you have no hand in
How do U justify the inclusion of 15M Dreamers & 21M illegals, then have the nerve to say 32M Americans not covered?  Do the math, U caused
Not to mention at least that much of an increase on deductibles... (for Trumpers, that means your money out of pocket first)
.#Trump: "I could shoot somebody on 5thAve & not lose a vote!" So now he's gonna try his luck killing #ACA & shooting millions in 50 states!
Odd, those are the same results of #Obamacare, which you voted for.
There are more than that now who can't use their obamacare insurance.
People will...DIIIIIEEE...by the hundreds of millions. You're an ass.
that pesky cbo has quite a record of accuracy...kinda like the presidential election polls, eh tim...
Yet they are still trying to ram it through. And who cares what the voters think?
How many people did the CBO say could keep their doctor & healthcare plan? We don't trust congress or the government. Greedy liars. #MAGA
CBO gave Obamacare a bad score, or have you and all the other Dems conveniently forgotten?
Just go absolute Free Market, break down state lines, and watch insurance companies bid each other lower and lower. Will be cheap
liar liar poltroon peon
Unfortunately people losing insurance means nothing to Republicans. They want to take insurance/help away.
So you want it to collapse??? Got it
How many are now losing their health insurance?
@SpeakerRyan @NRSC @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP Fon the Con back on his lying ways about healthcare. For he even know how to read?
This irony of this tweet is fantastic. Well done sir 
BUT 45 and Pence keep calling the ACA a disastrous plague on our country.
And 26 million still have no coverage.
More Dishonesty or fake news
But-but-but billionaires need tax cuts.

take the profit out of healthcare
Great!!!!
Surely some of your Repub colleagues have a  or soul or conscience... don't they?? @SenatorCollins @GOP women? @SenJohnMcCain 
Who cares? What good is insurance one can't afford to use? Get gov out altogether.
And rich would get tax cuts.
But of course they would...just like Dems have been selling that slop, for decades, by getting voters like you to swallow it.
That's a great way to show leadership and that the American people are being cared for! 
Fight back
Get off the SOROS payroll @timkaine & do YOUR JOB! We The People voted for @POTUS for a reason! Support him like an American should! #MAGA
CBO hasn't been right about anything a very long time. Why would they be right now. Listen to and support the ppl & our @POTUS! Do your job!
Just shut up to him you've been in government too long and you haven't done shit for us like the rest talk shit all you know how to do
I understand the GOP trying to do a bad thing with health but I or American want pointing fingers we want fixing solutions #GETITFIX #IMADEM
Not acceptable!!!
Not true, ppl just won't be FORCED to buy something they can't afford to buy or use because of such high deductibles. Coverage is not CARE!
I'm going to prove to the world that politicians are about their self and money only they bullshittin life and do nothing waste money
Not surprised!  Glad Trump's death plan did not pass.  Now he wants to kill Obama Care now and immediately sentence  millions to death!
Repeal
Don't fear Patriots I will be running in 2020 and I will show you just how stupid these politicians are and greedy
Senator, it might pay you to think that 17 million people will lose their insurance within a year.
Would it Kill you to tell the truth
If we have to take the new healthcare plan so should the president senators and Congress then let's see how fast it gets fixed
@SenateMajLdr is mad that his shitty bill failed and is trying to get revenge. That's the only reasonable explanation for doing this.
Not to mention the consequences on the economy.
Like they are now?
YES - by CHOICE!!!!  We want this albatross OFF OUR BACKS!

what is their purpose in doing this to us? This is making it worse for all of us and no guarantee on preexisting conditions
This is so wrong. Why won't the Republicans impeach the Liar in Chief
Premiums have more than doubled under the ACA and millions have lost insurance under ACA. It's amazing Dems defend this disaster of a law.
Shame on them
CBO has been wrong every time, you might as well cite @CNN while you're at it   

Godfather's Pizza tastes like doody, Mr. Cain.
