Are you blind to the destruction that the ACA has brought to the US?
Yeah please enlighten us with all the ways the ACA destroyed the US. Please... since your opinion means so much.
Well if it was so wonderful, why are companies leaving the exchanges? What is the avg increase for 2018? How many ppl have to wk < 30 hrs?
The removal of the subsidies probably has a lot to do with that. What does the hours people have to work do with destruction of US?
You mean not making up laws that violate the Constitution, the Dems rammed this through and made huge mistakes.
Republicans still trying to repeal? Too bad they just can’t work together.
You mean walk in lock(Goose)step like the Dems when they shoved this POC legislation through the process?
Weird you bring up goosestepping. Who are US Nazi’s supporting? Trump? Yep...
Loved your comments on MSNBC last night. Keep fighting to save the ACA -- proud to have you as my senator!
U love Obama and his Muslim brotherhood
His Muslim brotherhood? Which one is that? The one with all the Christians in it, since he's a Christian?
He's not a Christian gi check it out he didn't have pastors at white house but did have Muslim brotherhood
Not in the White House. And so what if he was a Muslim?
He helps his Muslim countries money under table for what to Iran
Got any proof of that, dear?
It's also the laziest punt to the states I've ever seen.  You know half of them are just going to discard any semblance of regulation on HC.
The federal government should not be in charge of healthcare!!  Move to Canada if that is what you want.
Naw I'd rather stay here where the federal govt controls health care for vets, the elderly, and the poor and do a pretty decent job of it.
And it is not the federal government that takes care of the medical needs of these people, it is healthcare workers! #FedsOutOfHealthcare
And who pays for it all, hmmm? The Fed.
And who pays into the FED? Taxpayers!! We the People, unless YOU don't pay your taxes. Your responses show why we are 20 trillion in debt.
Fine guess we'll just not fund these programs and let people die. Happy now?
What programs r u talking about specifically?Medicare, Medicaid?  People die on these programs all the time b/c of inefficiency & denials
Sounds like a republican deal
Yes the contributions to the GOP by big pharm and insurance companies. Are showing aren't they...
Always follow the money!
Thank you Tim...with this inadequate leader in white house the GOP isn't thinking of the people...its trying to make 45 fulfill a promise
How does it hurt seniors?
As a RN..i will tell u...most have limited income, and pre existing conditions.The plan would let the insurance companies off the hook.. $$$
Where can I find the legislation?  I want to read it myself instead of reading everyones interpretation #GrahamCassidyBill @LindseyGrahamSC
There's a link to the actual bill here as well as a breakdown.
This article states @SenJohnMcCain supports this bill when in fact he does not. Can't trust this article. Would like to read the bill
What's your solution?
What about my family? I've lost my healthcare plan 4yrs in a row now thanks to #Obamacare before Obama I had great insurance.
A real tear jerker Tim... Is it Mean too?
Thank you for saying so, but please also sign on to support Medicare for all. It won't pass but it sends the right message.
Mr. Maine would appreciate your opinion on Alaska having the option to keep ACA? Reported: has been offered to get her vote.
Is this true.
Save our lives by saving ACA
Please do all you can to stop the GrahamCassidy plan!
I knpw u are fighting it Tim
Keep up the fight! We believe in you!
Thank you @timkaine. Virginia is fortunate to have you and @MarkWarner.
In fact, millionaires at some level shud forfeit their ssi cause it would be used to lift others up.
We liv in the USA where people can become millionaires and people buy their product. Why not care for the health of everyone?
Tell me who it won't HURT
How can you vote without a CBO score?  A bit confused about that.
You honestly think people are stupid enough to believe that? Granted libta*ds are very ignorant but even they know a lier when they see one
Thank you Senator. Virginians appreciate your advocacy for our affordable healthcare.
That is so true.  Please how can we stop them.
Senator, Please stop misrepresenting facts. GrahamCassidy COVERS PREEXISTING CONDITIONS, you know that. People you represent deserve truth.
U mean like Obamacare that I'm sure you're holding on to..for what? Obama's legacy?  Dems r fools for still supporting him. U think he cares
Do something!  WE CAN'T!!!  WHAT THE HECK!!!!
Proof.
.@timkaine thank you for your opposition. ASAM opposes #GrahamCassidy; we ask all senators to #VoteNo & protect access to addiction care.

You're speaking of ObamaCare, right?
So what's good about it?
@LouisianaGov John Bell Edwards joins Bipartisan Governors to Reject Graham-Cassidy.
Most know this. GOP in Congress wants 400 mil from Koch Bros & to say they repealed anything Obama. Quality health care is not the issue.
See??
Weird that my children could die because one of our elected representatives was paid millions to kill their health coverage for profit.
Not likely.
And those with developmental disabilities like my son with autism
To those who are opposed to trump/cassidy hang in there trump will soon be history.
I'm already paying $853 per month for health insurance (I'm 61 and not eligible for subsidies); don't know how I'll pay if this bill passes.
Hey Tim how bout yall in Congress stop exempting urself from the laws u burden us regular ppl with?? Bet yall would come up with something
Its appalling that any human would put together a bill like this! What would be worse is anyone voting for it!
Sadly, in NJ our Senators are Democrats (In that they cannot vote). I implore all Senators to #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
in other words ME!  Please help stop this Sir!!
Thank you for standing strong against attempts to gut the US healthcare system!
Makes no sense. @BillCassidy knows low literacy in the US = serious implications. #dyslexia & #healthpolicy https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3785182/ … …
Please keep working against it. We in Virginia are lucky to have you as our senator.
What about all those people who's coverage cost went through the roof?
But it's OK to hurt millions of Americans by burdening them with more taxes
And ObamaCare didn't. Get real Tim.
yada,yada yada Timmy.
You are a STUPID a IDIOT!

Because I preexist I will B the ones that die NONE of these R for pain or mood elevated drugs Just a day in the life 
#Kaine. So sad that politics has become so partisan that ppl. do not know what to believe.
Bottom line: unless Dems drop the idea of getting bipartisan support and support Medicare For All. This will never end.
You mean like O'Care does? Pot calling kettle ... Come up w/something better Oh yeah. We'll pass yours first; then read it later #hypocrtite
Have you done anything to support the ACA with continuing legislation or are you just whinning about the Republicans?
Do you condemn Valerie plame? https://twitter.com/valerieplame/status/910884546723196929 … @TerryMcAuliffe @MarkWarner
And so are you hurting everyone with your stupid solutions... on top of that Obama shit care is slavery by birth tax.. 1861 is knocking
.how can you say this after supporting Obamas hate Israel campaign?
Try reading! It doesn't hurt those with Pre-existing conditions or children or seniors.  Maybe your plans for socialized medicine.
#Obamacare raised costs too. You deceitful thing.

Lie, lie and more lies.
So, its better to help them and hurt my family. High premiums +  high deductible + high out of pocket  = no insurance.
Sorry Timmy boy u lost. Now bug off
What are you doing about it, Sen. Kaine? Whip the votes!!! Tell us something positive about what you are doing to help us, please?
Why can't elected leaders from both sides work together/ fix ACA and help Americans?!?
#GrahamCassidy are LIARS. They're only working for themselves, their party, their families, & the wealthy. No regards hurting Americans.
Obamacare is ruining healthcare.
Wrong.  The. ACA is hurting millions of hard working America families who actually pay premiums for their health care.  Must be repealed.
FAKE NEWS TIMMY BOY! That's what ur ocare does! Go bail ur son out of jail
You're wrong. Costs have been raised. Do you know % of patients who aren't buying it? Premiums more the mortgage  in most states ~Dr. Towers
Please cite your sources
Antifa hurts lots of people but you never say anything about it.
#truth partial hlthcare bill partial grading partial truths. Sad they think we're all ignorant 
Vote no
Serious question: how many times are these idiots allowed to keep doing this?? They all get paid despite incompetence!!
Now you I believe, Trump not so much. Keep fighting g for us, we need you.
Where's the proof
Please YELL it out to the MEDIA in front of CONGRESS BLDG.
make sure this does not pass. Lets focus on what both sides agree on now is DacA   and Fl help and prico too and diplomacy for NK
Voting you out in 2018 Timmy.
But it gets the Koch and Mercer money flowing back to the GOP. That's their real aim and focus.
Senator Kane, this is Sarah Palin's death camps at work in Congress. we see her vision now come alive. Uh, no pun intended
As bad as Obamacare has?
And removes $180 billion worth of healthcare, cording to Bloomberg. Wait for a CBO score! Call your Senator!
Sounds exactly like Obamacare.  Yet you support the ACA, it hurts millions of people and the costs keep rising? What amendments did u offer?
It is nothing like the ACA. they are not accepting amendments from the Dems. This will cut Medicaid by 800 billion. Eliminate protection (1)
Thank God for that!  Maybe they might even cancel government funded abortions - we can hope and pray for that!
Seriously!!??  Look up the Hyde Amendment. What you spew ^^ is actually illegal. Please never vote until you become an informed citizen.
Well the current ACA one hurts people and businesses  too and makes them pay for insurance they don't won't to pay for, so what about that?
@FLOTUS said her job is 2 help Sick children Melania R U going 2 pay 4 their Medical bills since thy no longer will B covered
How about the 40 million that were hurt with Obama crap?  How about the middle American's that either had to drop it or face a fine?
So basically everyone

#GrahamCassidy #Trumpcare garbage! @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenateGOP
Trump guaranteed health care for "everybody."  Make him do it or lose yours. https://tinyurl.com/yasd3ofz  How's that for a bottom line?
So Tim did you read the bill or are you just using democrats talking points again
Lies
Obamacare is hurting 6.5 million Americans paying a fine without insurance.  Millions more are suffering with premium increases of 300%
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis it’s disturbing that you guys are trying to ram this through instead of taking care of citizens. @AARPadvocates
Thankful to have you representing my parents & family in VA. Wishing @SenatorBurr & @SenThomTillis would listen to you & think of us NCers
Wow, I thought you went back to Central America and was teaching after you lost the election in 2016!
Me too, get gone Timmy
My prayers are with you, @timkaine .
Call your Repub Senator & voice your concerns
Call any Dem senator and ask them what they are doing to help fix the mess they got us into?
Raises costs. Got it.

Senator, Please stop spewing negativity and untruths. Do something positive for CITIZENS of VA. Less tweeting more work would be a start.
Obama care raised costs, limits services and hurts the disabled by putting able bodied people on Medicaid
We spent $500k+ over 10 years for my son's autism. In 2014 his needs were covered. ACA helped disabled ppl. He isn't on Medicaid.
Just all over heartless bull
Daughter is type 1 this bill and any like it scare me for her and her future! #keepfighting
It is time for you to get behind single payer. Stand for something progressive
Cost would be north of $30 Trillion, yes trillion.  How to pay for it?
Delusional at best#U and hitlery
Experts in Healthcare universally agree Obamacare is unsustainable, Tim, no one is even denying that now..whats the Alternative you offer?
Damn Timmy you've tweeted about this a lot-but NOT one about how Obama lied to get Obamacare passed why?
God help you...open your eyes. Jesus is the only one who can save you. Your lies and deception come from Satan. You serve Satan.
Obamacare hurt millions too like me. Hi come that didn't matter the or now to u senator? Pura hipocresia de politicos.
If my son dies because Republicans took his healthcare, then they are no different to me than a terrorist group like ISIS
Same line every time. People are going 2 die. Preexisting conditions. Don't forget kids & seniors! My B.S guilt trip wouldnt work otherwise!
I bet you didn't even read the damn bill.
All attributes of ACA which u never spoke out about?  Why the @TheDemocrats hypocrisy
If this passes. What does the GOP expect will happen when it takes effect? Applause? 

Somehow they will blame Democrats for their Bill...
I'm confused. They want to vote w/o knowing what it actually does beyond repealing ACA & plan to fix later. Why not just fix ACA?????
Thank YOU!  So ashamed of the Greedy Old Party.  What has happened to them? Have they no shame??
Democrats did get greedy hateful
And yet Dems aren't the ones trying to take health care away from millions.
That's a lie
You hear that would-be voter?: "especially kids".  They want to kill kids.  All kids.  Even their own kids.  And their kids' kids' kids.
Let people decide
The typical scare tactics of the left. The Dems are watching socialized healthcare dissolve right before their eyes. The freemarket works.
What socialised health care. Last I checked it's still private insurance companies.
Every bill, the same drama. At least get a new talking point.
Attache is my North Korea/Trump solution. As for healthcare, Trump is clueless on reality of bills
You lost, get over it.  Move aside
America lost, so no. However, your simple narrative highlights the dense nature of the #DeplorableDons base
Why are you guys so mean.  So unbecoming.
I am not the one joining an American Revolution LARP while claiming to fight tyranny. However, you started on me--I respond
The phrase " You lost.  Get over it. Move aside" hurt your feelings,?  Oi oi.  Big boy pants .
HAHA. You couldn't hurt my feelings with words plus a baseball bat. You called me mean, I call you a derp; not the same
A derp, a derp?! .   What are you 12 ?  Off to bed, no supper for you.
When did we stop being Americans? Don't we all deserve the same healthcare?
All we deserve is the wrath of God. Everything else we have to work for.
#GrahamCassidy ???????
Little girl, please stop screaming about what you know nothing about
Why don't you get a bill that would give Americans the same health care you senators have??
.@lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins @SenJohnMcCain @senrobportman Can the American people count on your NO vote? #NoRepeal #SaveACA #TW
Please do everything in your power to stop this!
Obama brotherhood wants it stopped
I'm beginning to think that's their whole point 
Make Demand 2 ur State rep 2 Not Support & Vote NO  @BillCassidy #Grahamcassidy!!!
Vote no.

You can repeal full control.. odd, isn't it?
You've lost all credibility Kaine.  You love Antifa, MB, BLM, and illegals. You've lost touch with CITIZENS. We're over you
Don't know why they call it the affordable care act.  My premiums went up 100% and I'm on a fixed income.
Obamacare was designed to fail. You knew that to begin with.
Would you bet your life on your statements?
Hey your own house in order before giving advice
Amen Senator
How can blue constituents help defeat this? Who should we call?
Don't
Thanks for speaking out on this and helping people understand what is really in this bill!
Don't you ever get tired lying?
Yes, but it will allow the parasite, @realDonaldTrump & the 0.5% to save billions on taxes so they can feed more.
It doesn't hurt anyone. It just takes us back to meet for the ACA. That's when the healthcare system was more efficient.
It hurts our family. A cut to Medicaid means a continued rationing of supplies and caregivers for my medically complex 8 year old.
I'm sorry you have to go through that. But every socialized health care system will have rationing. It is inevitable. Do u have fundraisers?
Fundraisers can be helpful, but for big things (lengthy hospital stays, etc). However, I'm just talking about everyday life over many years
We all have those bills. My dad has a heart issue, my mom has a thyroid issue, my wife has diabetes. Let's help the ppl we know instead of..
...demanding others pay our bills. It is far more efficient and just.
What are you suggesting? No insurance?
High ded is the only type of insurance anyone should have. In all circumstances it is the cheapest.
