Repeal and replace...Shame you listened only to your own side.#DeafCrookedKaine
Thank you for your tireless efforts on behalf of all Virginians!
Whatever Tim. This healthcare is failing, but what do you know you are exempt from using ocare. We pay high premiums & lose coverage, u dont
Tim and other Dems want to make the ACA better
Better by doing nothing? Doubtful. They had 8 years to make it better. Now they obstruct, it only hurts "we the people".
WHY IS TRUMP NOT BEING IMPEACHED
IS HE ABOVE THE LAW
Repeal and Replace #45!!
Unlike obamacare which hurt tens of millions you hypocritical fraud
ONE OF MANY BATTLES TO COME! UNTIL YOU  FOLLOW GOOD ADVICE! START ALL OVER !USING ACA !AS TEMPLATE! I'M SURE IT HAS GOOD FEATURES!
don't go to sleep yet -
You Dems. must have dirt on McCain.
Thank you Tim.
Now the fight is to prevent the collapse of the ACA. Fix it! Let's work together to make it a sustainable program to benefit all Americans!
Thank YOU. And your office staff. We appreciate your hard work. Now maybe R's will work with Ds to improv ACA
Thank you sir, for standing up for the American people!
Give credit to an American hero, Senator John McCain, who called for the Senate to return to debate, advise & consent.
Senator Mc Cain and Collins and Murkowski who stood up to the Bully of Pennsylvania Avenue
Thank you, Sen Kaine, for all you've done to defend the ACA and Planned Parenthood! Health care is not a luxury, it's a right.
No , you can Thank the 3 Republicans  that are really Democrats. They are helping the Democrats  and stabbing  Trump in the back.
Unfortunately, while the proposed bill was different shit, our current system is still shit.

Hooray shit!
Please work across the aisle to fix the challenges with the law. Otherwise this is a hollow victory
Spot on!!
Thank you for voting no!
Shame ppl who voted for *45 think he will take care of them.
Help defend @timkaine senate seat against @CoreyStewartVA
Amen
Thank you for your steadfast support of the American people. I am so grateful that you are my Senator!
Thank you for your resistance
I'M SURE YOU CAN FIGURE OUT WHAT MADE IT FAIL!
Well done comrade.
Can we all come together now and fight the GOP/Pos/DeVoss plan to gut our school system? It's time people.
You should be our VP right now 
@Dudette9t9 NOW after waisting millions can we get on with demanding the cost of Health Care is actually affordable? #realissues
Health care costs are out of control. Big Pharma rules!!
Plse follow the advise from @SenJohnMcCain for a bipartisan legislative system.
THANK YOU.
It was way too close for comfort though.... 
we have a really long way to go!
The fight isn't over!
True but this was a week when Adults stood up in the Senate Mc  Cain, Collins and Murkowski
Yoo are awesome we got ur back 
Including 3 Republicans...
Now is the time! #25Amendment
Great job.
Victorious
Thank you 
You are fabulous. Now that this battle is won. Please rally your troops and get aggressive towards getting these corrupt monsters out of WH.
thanks too three republicans voting against it lets fix the problems not replace it
Funny how you will fight against the bill when its the GOP but when u party gave us this mess u were all for it
Keep leading. Now impeachment.
Unity is strength senator, and big thank you to girl power senators.
Thank you!
Thank you for your continued commitment to healthcare for Virginians!
#Democrats need to get their POOP together for 2018 or this madness will continue.  #SaveACA #SaveUSA
Our rightful VP.
wcg50 only time will tell if what you say is true but will you except responsibly if not or blame someone else like always
Do you know how stupid you sound appalling the whole thing is a horror and your proud?!
Thanks to all the ones that voted and made their voices heard.. Now lets get louder and get the corruption out the WH.
For Protecting the ACA. Our members, family members and friends thank you! Now let's get to work making the needed fixes to it. IAFF 2498.
My first thought why would anyone thank others for not doing their job. Then I realized u & those other bit*hes don't have #Obamacare.
And kept alive a lie that is nothing more than a giant tax and wealth redistribution scheme.
Countless Americans?  You mean #JohnMcCain.
Millions are already hurting. Unbearably High premiums and high doctor bills..... nothing good comes from that.

Thank you Tim!
WE ARE AMERICANS & WE ARE NOT AFRAID " GOD BLESS THE RESISTANCE & THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA " COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY "
Thank you for your leadership
A pox on both your houses.
@VAHouseDems Thank you for standing with your constituents! Now the work begins to repair the ACA!! Stay strong. Fight on.
tell that to the people whose premiums have tripled and coverage has decreased. I'm sure you're not on Obamacare!
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Even though you were not in your rightful place when the tie-breaking vote was placed, thank you for your vote.
Don't worry @timkaine we won't stop making our voices heard...YES WE CAN!
Thank you & all who voted against that horror. This is what the Dem party is all about..THE BASE..@SenateDems
Thank you for all your hard work and dedication to the American people!  Keep fighting!  I am so proud to be a Virginian!

Thank u
And never forget that despite those calls 49 of you still defied The People. November 6, 2018. Tell your friends. Expect us.
Again Tim kaine why don't you use obama care ?
The Americans voices were never heard? Did we get something in the mail to fill out and mail back? The Democrats voted against it!!!
So how are you going to fix Obamacare when the insurers pull out one hy one and no one has coverage??? That day will arrive soon
Looking forward to you getting to do some bipartisan work!
No, thank you, @timkaine
Thank you.
Thank you @timkaine! So proud you're my senator!
Thanks for staying strong on this.
Why did you not support single payer/Medicare for all bill yesterday? Voted "present" like a coward
I want the same Health Care Plan that All Members in both houses have
It's time for both parties to actually work together. Stop acting like children
Guess folks who pay a fortune and can't afford to use ACA don't matter, as long a we have a pocket to pick.
Thank you, sir. I'm a Virginian. You did us proud. Get some sleep, you deserve it
Thank YOU, @timkaine for being on the correct side of this issue and putting the health of Americans, first!
THANK YOU!
Thank you Senator! I'm proud to have you representing me in the Senate. Thanks for your work against these horrible bills.
TY for championing Am. Majority!  After break, pls educate yr colleagues on these must haves for healthcare for all.
AMERICANS DIDN'T CREATE THIS F*UCKING DISASTER. DEMOCRATS DID. AMERICA SCREWED. WHY IS CONGRESS EXEMPT FROM OBAMACARE? FEEL OUR PAIN. JERK
Thank you
So YOU get to keep your private Senate health plan while WE THE PEOPLE get to keep the rising costs and declining availability of Doctors
Another huge mess...now what? Dems caused it, now you own it. OB care imploding..horrible ruse on the American people.
Unlike the current law, right?
Thank you, Tim! We were in it together
I don't think we did Tim but we tried! McCain finally stepped up is the only reason!
Look how the elitists laugh in our face about the #obamacare lie. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=w9Cla0waf80 … still laughing while they r exempt #drainthesewer

You haven't "won" a thing.  Americans still stuck with Obamacare.  Its not a good law and people are suffering with it.
Yes #TheResistance is relentless we will continue to put The US over Party what the GOP does not get Thank You VP of the US !
Thank you for all the hard work 
Senator Tim Kaine THANK YOU for all your hard work! Love you man!
Thank you again for continually taking care of us Virginians!
Thank YOU for your hard work and for voting no.
thank you!
the people had nothing to do with this!
Thank You Sen, from a proud constituent. Wish you were vice-president.
Thank you. Proud you represent me.
Thank you.
Thank YOU, Senator Kaine!
Thank you!!
Thank you for your "No" vote!  More collaborative approach is needed to improve our health care system.  Get it done, please.
Thank you for fighting for us!! - Virginia voter
Thank you Sir! You & @MarkWarner are my Senators and I thank you for your leadership!
And thank you to 3 Republican Senators who voted no.  Democracy may still have a chance.
All those voices heard yet there was 49 senators that couldn't hear them
You all must be getting your insurance free ... my deductible so hi I can't use my insurance fire tim kain for lying in the elections
Thank you tim Kaine.
Thank you.
Clearly someone's gotta do it, as elected Dems have no strategy. 
Are you tried? I know I am and grateful for this morning's outcome. More to follow...
`tired (See how tired I am - I can't spell :)
Th so you for all you did for every American!!
Thank you Senator Kaine! 
I told them the other nite,"THE SKINNY REPEAL WAS SO SKINNY IT TURNED SIDEWAYS AND THE TEACHER MARKED IT ABSENT,BOOMMMM,DROP THE MIC!!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Sen Kaine for your ongoing efforts to secure healthcare for all citizens!
Thank you, Tim keep fighting our voice again
Thank you!!! Please read my story about healthcare. https://www.facebook.com/shawn.fernandes/posts/10159183359760118 …
The Resistance is alive & well. Please make sure that Dem establishment support is strong in AZ in 2018. We will likely have 2 Sen seats up.
Thank you!
Thanks to the Democrats, independents and Republicans that voted no. The citizens won't forget when we try to vote out the others in 2018.
Thank YOU.
SENATOR, THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR HARD WORK. YOU AND YOUR DEMOCRATIC COLLEAGUES ARE INCREDIBLE!!! 
Thank you, Senator, for continuing to fight the good fight. You are truly one of the good guys.
Now can we please impeach?
Amen!!!
Thank you!
Lmao everyone on @FoxNews Fb page are blowing a gasket.
Thank YOU
Thank you for voting *No* tonight. Thank you and your entire staff for all your time and work to preserve the ACA.
Without you the Bill could not have been defeated thank you for saving my family members in the States tonight.
Thanks to you too Mr Kaine...
Thank you for being there to protect Americans
Thank you Senator!!!
Thank you, keep up the momentum, let's fix what is broken. So relieved that my daughter will not lose her life.
Sir can't you come up with something that has substance or that is true or Noble or honorable your words are empty you lack conviction pity
Thank you for standing strong and doing what's right for Virginia. Proud to call you my senator!!
Thank you sir for your support.
Now let's fix ACA!  Focus on improving this for Healthcare for All!
BUY NOW , I THINK THAT EVERYONE WHO KNOWS YOU , WELL , BY , NOW , WE ARE ALL ON THE SAME TRAIN , LET'S MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN "TOGETHER" !
I will always love you too , ever since day one !*!*!*!*!*!*!*!*!*!*!*!*!*!
I am exhausted. Am sure U R too.  I am proud of GOPSens @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  & @johnmccain who made it possible to save the ACA!
Thank you, Tim!!!
You made VA proud Senator!! Thank you!!!
Thank you for all your dedication to this fight!
YESSSSSSS!!!!!!!! BELIEVE US!!!! ,)
So relieved! We live to serve another day.
I sure like you, Senator.
A Nigerian but elated with Senate rejection of Trump's plan to repeat.  obamacare. It's a victory for the union and democracy
Mitch Mc Connell and his cohorts willbe spitting blood. Well they lost and good honourable GOP 3 + Dems WON for USA folks.
And thank you & your fellow Democrats, yet again...
Next up>1. Asshat Tweetstorm 2. Dem reform drafts revealed. 3. Bipartisan Committees & Hearings scheduled. 4. Healthcare 4all! 
I'd like to think that my rage tweets to McCain made a difference. They certainly didn't to Graham. Thank you, Tim, you make a difference.
very true and  WE THE PEOPLE owe you and the others a deep gratitude for all your hard work and efforts to see we are treated right and just
Thank you for your vote Senator.  Please run for President in 2020!!!!
5 calls" was a great aid.
Thank you for having our backs.
Thanks Professor Tim for leading & listening & teaching & Standing up. #WidowsAndOrphans won't be left to beg we can care for our neighbors
The madness in the Senate was diminished after Proper procedure observed by Senators getting real results for real people ( no Trump idiocy)
Glad someone listens to their constituents!
It wasn't American voices heard, it was your cronies, donors, and elites that were heard.  WE don't want this!
Why do you think republican's promising repeal have been voted in endlessly?  They suck and so do you!!
Thank you Kane thanks for all your hard work you did or the three days I really appreciate it. Lease is not trumpcare. Trump is Bully. Sad!
Thank you!
If only people hadn't been stupid with their votes. We would have had Sec'y Clinton & You in the W.H. and not have to endure this evil.
Thank you too!
Thank you Sen. Kaine. A little vindication and renewed hope.
Thank goodness you all are going on break. I cannot maintain this momentum. This level of #resisting is tough work & we still have 3.5 yrs 
Thank you but it was too narrow for my taste. What a shame. Waiting for @POTUS to tweet in that he will try to sabatoge ACA & threaten
Thank YOU. You should have been our VP. Your kindness and integrity shows plainly in your face and through your actions, sir.
You're so wrong. We want a ballot vote on ACA, not your vote.
Thank you and the Democratic Party for staying focused, #StrongerTogether
Thank you 
Oh, Tim. We're just getting started.
Thank you Rogue VP
From all of us to you and those that voted for the people!
Thank you for standing up for us @timkaine !
thank you for all you efforts
Am not American (yet), immigrant, but called Senators every day for weeks on end.
I worry about how close it was. We are winning one conscience at a time. Exhausting.
From a proud constituent, thank you, Senator.
