Congrats to her! Our children need good people to look out for them
conflict of interest smelly appointment
Nothing stinks like the crap Trump has done to this country in 4 wks #Impeach45 #RussianRobot
Right - keep drinking that kool-aid. U can move to Canada 
I'm not going anywhere...I'm going to do everything in my power to #ImpeachTheTrash in the White House...
U just do that Snowflake- guess u have no job so u have plenty of free time to drink that kool-aid Lol
how about US Secretary of Ed?
@http://abcnews.go.com/video/embed?id=16002162
Congratulations to Anne. She is a true advocate for children, ALL children!
Did she ever teach? Double standards?
congrats to Mrs Kaine! Va education needs more people like her!
conflict of interest
someone truly dedicated to the children. Thank you! Education is at the basis of what we are and what we can be
That's not a conflict of interest?
What happened to your own son? Does not look like a success to me!
Why are you for forcing female students to share the bathroom with a transgender who has a penis?
congratulations Anne
so glad she's back!
@MermaidChick813 that's both honorable and admirable - I hope she's still employed 2018
she can protect the kids from DeVos !! Take care Sen. and Congrats on your wife's appt.
Congrats to her! Good to see someone of quality appointed.
Miss Senator Kain
It's also refreshing to see you applaud and herald your wife's passion. A new national movement... #WeStandTogetHER?
Congratulations, Anne!
tim I hope she is an individual thinker! DeVos is ready to overall and get our kids educated again! Let's go Annie! #MAGA
congrats & I wish you were our VP & missin Hillary! You two were are GREAT team. With respect..#staystrong
someone has to protect those kids from @BetsyDeVos
Congratulations! That's awesome.
she should have ol Betsy job that would make America great
all children need rescued from DeVos and GOP.  Impeach Trump, give Bannon and Trump cronies the boot! They're all Anti-America!
I need to move!
That's awesome! Congrats...Are u familiar with HR 438 No Funding for Sanctuary Campuses Act? Pls try to kill it.
So wish you were our VP. Please continue to help our country. We need you. Consider a run in 2020? #timkaine2020
VA teachers and their students are very grateful. I know Anne will do a wonderful job protecting anyone involved in education.
Who appointed her? YOU? Was that pushing your agenda? The count down to election day has started...
Congratulations to your wife on her appointment!
... hmmm, just another POLITICAL appointee. Aren't ethics involved here somewhere? maybe just a little bit???
Congratulations, Mrs. Kaine. Best of luck to you in your new endeavor.
tell her congratulations..... we are happy for her and the children of your great state.
did she get the position by earnings it or because of you?
VA is lucky to have her!   Congratulations to Anne! (I live in MD, so we're practically neighbors) 
Wow! Congratulations !
congrats Anne, you of course will be great!
Happy birthday
Congratulations to your wife & family
Very proud of your wife Tim hope she does a great job
What do you tell Virginia's children to justify that you think it's ok to abort a nine month old human being?
Congratulations Anne. Now let's get all the right wing anti-education representatives out of office so we can achieve your goals
Congratulations to Ms. Kaine
Sounds like nepotism. Ever taught? Critical that VA senate investigate this assault on Va constitution. Sound familiar hypocrite?
Congratulations! Wishing you both lived in PA!
Congrats, Anne!  As an VA educator, I'm glad to know you have joined our team!
Well deserved, happy to see that Secretary Holton's back to advocate on behalf Virginia's students.
awe fabulous!  Maybe she can someday replace Devos 
if they can make it past your baby killing agenda's they might make it to a classroom.
she doesn't plan to kill babies like you,  does she?
Congratulations!!
Bless her if she needs to deal with that idiot twit, DeVos.
You are Great!! Congrats to your wife!
yes.  Congrats.  Great choice.
that is great news! Congratulations to her, our children are lucky to have her ,
Hopefully she has more brains than you
yes we are to.
Congratulations Mrs. Kaine!!!!!!
@wtf_imtooold congrats! Great news
A woman in education that America can be proud of! Thanks for caring about our children, Anne 
Congrats to her 
thank you !!
Congratulations to Anne! Beautiful rays of hope beginning to shine from our Democrats in leadership and their famlies. Encouraged
Congrats to Anne!
she should be the SOE not the incompetent one we got. #publicschoolteacher
that's awesome! Congrats Anne!
right back where she should be! Congrats Mrs Kaine AND the children of Va!
Loved my years teaching. Thanks, Anne, for helping our kids.
yay Anne! You go girl!
That's wonderful! Does Anne tweet? She should now!!  :)
YES! YES! AND YES!!! We need encouragement and reassurance that there are people out there with brains!! 
Why couldn't she be our Secretary of Education??  @BetsyDeVos
she needs to get with teachers now that alt-facts are showing up on government agency websites for kids. Info is false
congratulations to Anne. We need educators making decisions
We need strong dedicated people in education  more than ever. I am so proud of my daughter and daughter in law. Both teachers.
bravo Anne! Fantastic! 
Congrats goes out to your amazing wife Anne.  You have amazing wife, too.  cheer on...
YAY!!
Sould be 2nd Lady
lol
- protect us from DeVos.
great, hope she can work with Delegates on fixing the LCI to get more state $ to school districts
@AzlawgirlT and she is stuck with DeVos.
Wow. Is she qualified? Any confirmation needed? Does that job pay a salary? Have benefits? Appointed or elected?
See GOP, this is how you do things, you appointment someone who is actually competent. May want to try it someday.
good news in a tough news cycle. Congratulations.
Can she please replace Betsy? ??
so cool
woohoo! That's great.

anything you or your family does will be solid and trustworthy. We appreciate your dedication!
big fan of yours, sir. Please keep up the good work.
Now, if we could have just gotten her as Education Secretary.
What great news for Virginia!
I honestly think this is where we will save our education system. Not from the top down but from the ground up.
congratulations Anne!
Cannot think of a more qualified & dedicated individual to assume this role.  Congrats to Anne Holton Kaine!
great news she can keep an eye on sarah palin I mean Devos lol
Muchas felicitaciones para su esposa, Senador Kaine.
we can't get rid of her influence! Teachers need to teach, not her standardized testing methods! Conflict of interest!
wait, not enough kick backs from Pearson for the last 41 million $ wasted by the state on SOL testing under her tenure!
Congrats.  She needs all the help she can get to fight @BetsyDeVos
congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulations to her!! 
Congrats to her. I'm sure she'll do a great job for the children of VA. Keep fighting the good Fight.
We had other plans for Anne, but I'm happy for your family and Virginians. The states must preserve our values now. #election2020
To bad the cabinet does not have a secretary of education with the same goal.
Thank you and Anne for all of your hard work on behalf of Virginians! She  will be an asset to the Board!
Good news, she'll be able to oppose @BetsyDeVos at every turn!
we are very glad to have her back!
congratulations!
.@timkaine Congrats!  VA's students are lucky!
Congrats! Best news all week! 
Congratulations Anne!!
I bet she and Betsy will be besties huh.
Virginia needs more Alpha women like your daughter!  Congrats!

