Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie!
As a Virginian I resent DT's remark. Northam as our LT Gov has had more class & compassion than DT could ever dream of. DT is delusional
Yes we all know Donald Trump is a moron. Decent people know better than to trust his remarks.
He’s shameful it’s the only behavior he knows how to act out fully...
A 71 year old man, and sitting President of the United States acting like a robocall! Candidates usually disavow these during the campaign.
I don’t think the old rules apply... @GOP is full on WWE at this point #dumpsterfirepic.twitter.com/JkoxDEeK2W
Unfortunately. They're in a cage match. Who will be the last one standing? My money is on Nicki Haley!
I 100% agree with you... she’s probably the least sullied out of the bunch & appears to be mildly competent
Yeah she is. She has ambitions of higher office.
GOP budget cuts $1.5 trillion from medicare/medicaid. Contact your Congressman to say NO tax cuts for the 1%.
Voting for Ed. Facts are facts
This fool isn’t smart enough to get bio before tweeting usual trash. Trump disrespects hero vets ALL THE TIME! When will they see this??
I think those still supporting him will never see him for what he is, even when it all comes out in its horrific glory.
The DNC needs a daily tracker website folks can access and see the daily assault on American Ideals from the GOP- get it ALL out in the open
This is a great idea! @SenSchumer @keithellison @TomPerez @NancyPelosi
I am very serious about this. And along with it the GOP idea/legislation and the Democratic alternative and why that is fairer and squarer.
What does his service have to do with his support of MS-13? The 2 are completely unrelated.
This is a "man" who has attacked a POW, taken another mans Purple Heart and disparaged a gold family; @realDonaldTrump has no shame.
The progressive agenda does NOTHING to solve the issue- ergo Trump is right- like all progressives you both are frauds and hypocrites.
#Veteran Painting by my late fatherpic.twitter.com/o87Al30X4R
Go away Tim Kaine.
He likes surround himself with generals but hates the men who served because it reminds him what a coward he is.
I don’t know who Ralph but 8 years of service does not mean automatic respect If it’s a smear then Trump is wrong If it’s true Ralph sucks
Trump fought his own battles against STD's no time or nerve to serve
#Virginia not trusting their $$ to a guy that gives a fake Chinese Co 1.4 million. What’s next a couple mill to Nigerian email scammers
You should know shameful. You call yourself #prolife yet the infanticide practitioners absolutely love you & you never use your office to save a baby from being murdered. We saw through you.
https://youtu.be/QqO4u0yrkjA 
POTUS has no shame. He has nothing. He's dead inside. Nothing but a narcissist. POTUS needs psychiatric care... I'm serious!
Ya because Democrats have never done that!!! #johnMcCainwhenheleftthesenatetocampaign
What does anybody expect from the yellow bellied pervert occupying our house?
5 time draft dodger or 8 years serving country? . Obviously more credit is due the one who served.
So because he was in the military, that means his judgment is beyond reproach?? What about John Kerry? Stupidest Iran deal ever!

In case you didn't know, John Kerry is a Viet Nam vet. Doesn't make him smarter, or above criticism.

Sounds like he doesn't have anything good to say about his preferred candidate, so he attacks
Show us his DD214. If true, end of subject. Oh and not the pencilled in type. Official Documents only. @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews
http://www.richmond.com/news/ralph-northam-s-ancestors-owned-slaves-he-found-out-only/article_24ebbe1b-03ff-545b-bf60-abe4bcc4e790.html ….
Donald Trump face is shown in Webster's under shameful
Tim, you can’t even control own family. Who the hell would listen to a nutbag like you.
I am not in favor of santuary cities.
#SnatchGrabber
Why should anyone listen to you Tim Kaine?
Gellispie's ads read right out the Kremlin play book. Sounds like he's also part of the Russian cabal.
Trump is exposing the truth. Vote for the GOP candidiasis.
Candidiasis: A vaginal yeast infection
It didn’t seem to bother you when you smeared Navy veteran Steve Bannon. But then again, you were never going to be Commander in Chief.
Yeah, but @RalphNortham never battled bone spurs!! That would've made him a REAL hero! #TrumpIsAMoron
SIMPLE, Ed Gillespie is a LIAR
What does military service have to do with good judgment? Look at John Kerry. Dumbest Iran deal ever!
Remember, the Adult Day Care worker Didn't come in...that was also the worker that dispenses Trumps meds.
With all due respect Mr.Kaine, we don't have a Commander in Chief. We have Donald Twitler the Impotent in our highest office.
Why would 45 have respect for a veteran when he dodged the draft 5x? When his country called, he didn't answer because his foot hurt
Go to http://www.vote.virginia.gov  for more about early/absentee voting in VA, and other voter info.
So get out and vote for Northam. Vote early if you work/commute more than 11 hours a day in Fairfax county.
Trump has never "served" anyone but himself.
If you really believe this crap about Northam you are completely brainwashed.
I liked his statement against the tiki torch White Nationalists.
No bar to low for trump to go under
Trump is so unattached from reality someone should take his twitter away. Do his Russian friends tell him what to tweet?
Have the Bone Spurs FINALLY gone to his Head?!?!?
As a native Richmonder and US Army Veteran (1971-1974), I carried Trump™'s backpack in Basic Training, where he was a no-show, Tim.
Sickening words from a sick man
trump is shameful
Especially if it's Brigadier BoneSpurs doing the smearing, who never met a battle he couldn't run away from or try to pay off.
Impeachment is the only answer. Why hasn't Congress begun proceedings?
So get off Twitter and create an ad that will say this over and over again. PLEASE!!!
Wrong title He's the Child in Charge
Well what else would you expect Trump to do?
The SOB has no shame. NONE. He would find fault with Jesus Christ himself.
BS
GET THIS ASSHOLE TRUMP OUT OF OFFICE AND IN PRISON NOW !!!!!
shameful??? everything he does is shameful dishonest deceptive grotesque
Typical Trump.
I'll be out of town so I already did my absentee vote FOR NORTHAM!!! DJT is shameful!
Shameful but totally expected and (by Republicans) accepted.
And our President is a draft-dodging sexual predator with "heel spurs" that make it hard to serve our country but easy to golf.
Just as shameful as everything else trump has done in his entire life.
Hey Tim and Tom are you guys ready to denounce #Antifa They have asked all their followers to tear down all C. Columbus statues on Monday
DJT knows nothing about sacrifice for our country @realDonaldTrump is as far from a hero as you can be
More times and not whenever @POTUS says something it turns out to be true whether the Democrats wanted to be true or not.
trump is no "Commander in Chief" he's a 5 time draft dodger playing at being president.
Thank you @timkaine !!
True. But Trump has no shame.
Mr I have a bone spur draft dodger doing what he does most. LIE, LIE, LIE.
He is an example of what trash looks like. Im ashamed to be a vet n an American. Congress needs to start impeachment
Especially a commander in chief who dodged the draft 4 times during Vietnam. Trump took medical deferments while completely healthy
We know your Commander in Chief is a dork. Anyone who listens and believes him is ine too.
Everything Trump says or does is shameful. #TrumpIsAMoron
obviously Trump is a liar but you betrayed our fallen troops by not holding Assad accountable when he continues to wage terror.pic.twitter.com/Yhhvp3KkBc
Tim Kaine and Ralph Northam can not be trusted. Corrupt Democrats run for life!
Are you honestly surprised DT is like this, you only had to watch him on reality TV to see this, lower than pond life IMHO!
Just add it to the tally of lies. Trump most go!
This is what people elected, Trump's entire campaign was a smear.
Would this be SLANDER...defamation or both?
He has no shame.
Was sad every time Max Cleland appeared on Ken Burns Vietnam doc, knowing how GOP slimed him. These gross tactics are not new.
$5 says it’s an ethics violation, in addition to being shameful.
After his McCain comment, why would you expect anything different?
Thak you @timkaine for this info. No one would have otherwise known. Again Trump spreading lies about soldiers! No respect for the military!
It's way worse than shameful.
pic.twitter.com/1BujuNByTp
The community organizer said Bowe Bergdahl served "with honor and distinction"
We can expect nothing better! Slanderous Potus!
Y would anybody in their RT mind listen to a MORON who has DAMRNTIA & a brain like an etcha sketch.He shakes his head& forgets what he said!
Oh my gosh. Pathetic.
It's all Trump knows it's to act shameful he has not morals or values to show young Americans there hope for are nation were so screwed
Tim you’re creepy.
Everything he does is shameful
Shameful, yet typical.
Well, ya know...bone spurs
Especially a Commander in Chief who never served.
He is a lying piece of
Tim, you lost. Hillary lost. Accept your SHAME and move on. Sanctuary cities protect ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS. SOME R MS13. ALL ARE ILLEGAL
His lack of klass has no bounds
This draft-dodging narcissist @POTUS does not deserve title of Commander in Chief.
What do you expect, Senator? We have a shameful Commander in Chief.
For a commander in chief that dodged the draft over hemorrhoids no less.
Then call him a LIAR. Call this a LIE.
EVERYTHING Trump does is SHAMEFUL. I don't think he's going to change now at this stage of his life. #disgusting #resign #TrumpSwamp
There is nothing lower than an orange MFing liar...damn I hate that asshole!
Won't be getting my vote Ed
Shameful if Trump wasn't narcissistic sociopath. Welcome to the new normal. Despicable. Dangerous. IMPERATIVE to elect Northam.
The response to this is ‘go out and vote.’
Well he has no shame soooo. No shame no integrity, no class, no morals, no scruples.
Well you have to remember that @realDonaldTrump is a #FuckingMoron and a 5 time draft dodger so everything he says should be ignored.
This is Trump’s MO. It is what he does. T is how he and his people roll. It is astonishing.
Says the draft dodging,lying, cheating, pussy grabbing, treasonous , narcissistic madman that stole the election +destroyed our democracy
Shameful and yet completely in character.
Trump hates veterans. His tweets prove it.
Trump=MORON! Lies ALL THE TIME! Remember what he said @ Sen. McCain not being a real war hero b/c he was a POW? Trump's words mean NOTHING!
It’s par for the course from this jack-off loser POTUS.
Thanks Tim! I posted same in response to Trump's post. Told me all I needed to know about what kind of man Gillespie is.
How does trump not end up in court - surely a president can't put out this bs without reprecussions
And Virginia has no sanctuary cities, right?
Seriously. We've GOT to get this guy out of our White House. He is killing Democracy.
Correction: for this draft dodger turned Commander in Chief is shameful
Say what it is a big fat lie
TRUMP has no morals.he has not fought for this country. HE feels no loyalty. That's why PUTIN was able to get his money loving ass.
What is shameful is Trump as POTUS.
An honorable an 8 year active duty and true veteran being called out by @realDonaldTrump , a 5 time draft dodger and sexual deviant.
shameful falsehoods has never stopped trump. SICK.
When he went after Sen. McCain and that reporter with a disability it was obvious that he has no shame.
I have to admit you are right Tim. The President forgot to use the word "Unwittingly" when describing Ralph Northam.
Unfortunately your Commander in Chief is not a stable person causing anxiety across the free world BUT loved by your historical antagonist
POTUS was just comparing his service record to that of @RalphNortham , and dis what he normally does when he comes up short - attack.
@_juliannemoore @RalphNortham Trumps endorsement by racist indignation seems to be his Quid Pro Quo to GOPs who remain "loyal"
He knows no shame.
trump is such a mess.
I'm voting for Ralph Northam who actually cares about people.
What about Trump isn't shameful?
Ralph Northam, who is running for Governor of VA, is fighting for education & prosperity for VA. Vote for Ralph!
You can not shame a man who has no shame.
@realDonaldTrump I couldn't agree more with Tim Kaine. #Trump is a fucking moron.
Hey Trump... Virginians are way too smart to fall for your ridiculous tweets. That's why you lost Virginia!
DT will continue to lie so ty for setting the record straight! DT embarrassing!
@realDonaldTrump just insured @RalphNorman will win his election! thank u #CommanderinThief!
@timkaine did you really expect anything less from a reality tv star and #FakePresident?
Guess that should be more. That's what I get for tweeting while sick with fever lol
#WhenHisLipsMoveLiesComeOut I believe most sane people know that by now
45 has no shame. And if he's talking he's lying. Plain and simple.
Demented Donnie never served his country in the military and yet demeans other veterans who have.
But Trump is a veteran, no a Russian traitor.
From the guy with 5 deferments for a heal spur.
we keep on getting closer to 1984
Everything he does is shameful. He is a constant source of embarrassment at best
About on a par with "lock her up."
You're replying to a man who didn't have the balls to stand up for our country
Well did he cast the tie breaking vote to keep sanctuary cities or not Tim? He did so therefore he is a POS whether he served or not.
He should do something about it. Why does this moron get away with making bold faced lies and no one does anything?!
@realDonaldTrump deals in false facts he is creator of false news stories @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @JoaquinCastrotx
The Pretender is w/o honor, he needs to go and so does Enron Ed.
Senator I think you meant to say a "moron in chief"
Not to mention that Trump didn't serve at all because of a made up medical condition.
So Ralph was lying when he supported gang of rape amnesty bill?
Everything Trump says and does is shameful. The @GOP IS COMPLICIT IN EVERYTHING TRUMP DOES IF THEY DON’T #IMPEACHTRUMP
Orange has no honor. GOP has no honor.
Meanwhile, MS-13 gangs have gun rights.
do you not remember how the goldstar family and mccain's pow years smeared by a man who was a draftdodger the bar of social respect GONE!
Trump endorsement is the kiss of death!! Ed Gillespie is in trouble by being Trumps endorsement
As a Virginian, I know where I am casting my vote.
Shameful, despicable Trump. WHEN!!! is someone going to get rid of this atrocity of a president???
What's shame? There is none anymore.
Has anyone ever sued a president for slander? Asking for a friend.....
@POTUS took a deferment for a heel issue and played tennis while our boys died. Yep, that’s real leadership.pic.twitter.com/JCpvw8PrnP
