Right now, Senate HELP Committee is discussing how to improve the federal response to the opioid crisis. Watch live: https://www.help.senate.gov/hearings/the-federal-response-to-the-opioid-crisis …
.....and Trump needs to sign paper declaring opioid crisis a National Emergency. He said the words but didn’t sign documents. #opioidcrisis
Tim Author a bill that forces big Pharma to take some financial responsibility! They "instructed" Doctors to push it on their patients $
So what u r saying is, that the Medicaid Doctors pushed the opiods not the pharmaceutical comps. that were getting paid for them?Interesting
Okay
Everything you do makes life harder for doctors, pharmacies, insurance companies, and especially for law abiding pain management patients
I don't either,I am drug free.
Well good for you Josephine.  Not everybody can go drug free & it doesn't mean the government gets to trample my rights.
Pain management patients are not criminals. The government has no right to make us prove that in order to get doctor ordered medications
Yes. But they also need to not exclude people who truly need this medication from access. It gives some in extreme pain their lives back.
Well Tim, as a former narc agent, I can tell u pharma companies and doctors caused the epidemic. We begged for help in early 2000s. Silence
And exactly what do you want them to do, all you do is say that but you have no solutions.
Don't forget the people you are making suffer by making us prove we're not criminals to get our meds. How are you safer?
Making medications harder to get for law-abiding legitimate pain management patients will somehow fix the problem you're out of your mind.
For most pain management patients getting through the day is hard enough without being forced to jump through hoops
We do not deserve to be treated as criminal suspects just because we suffer with chronic pain issues
All you people do is TALK, maybe I'm in the minority but I think it's time ALL OF YOU need to STOP talking and START doing!!!!!
The scourge of Bath County
The answer isn't in jailing addicts & preventing chronic pain patients from getting what they need. Fund treatment for addicts, help others.
Please
What is your take on marijuana legalization as a way to combat this?
Build the wall
I respect the fact that you want to help, but please leave it alone. Senators are NOT medical experts. You don't know what a patient needs.
Ya know some senators and congressmen are actually qualified to help and are medical professionals.  Boom!
Is that why their current policies on MAT is sending people back to the streets? Real good job there.
Ck out @LindytownFilms trailer for upcoming doc film "Hometown" on opioid crisis. @B_Lavoie would love to speak with you!
We’ll pay for opioid abuse, but want pay to help people with cancer ?? Think this is really a backwards set of lawmakers we have!
Ever think of helping yourselves
How about healthcare for children? Republicans don’t give a damn!
Why? Thinning the herd.
Most of the country is. I have watched it destroy countless lives in Fl.
Exactly why big pharm should work with with Medical Marijuana.
Why didn't you and incompetent leader Obama fix this problem during his disastrous 8 years?  Oh?  You just react & do not proactive steps
How do most opioid addictions begin? After being prescribed by MDs for pain, or as recreational drug use? Answer should guide response.
Every corner? You must be very proud of your work there
Agreed.. & nationwide. Do remember chronic pain patients on therapeutic pain meds which allow some relief to function & be involved w/life.
Drug induced escapes are a way for people to escape misery, likely due to poverty. You know this, which is why I'm glad you're fighting
Yes. This is a multifaceted issue involving education for doctors, laws for big pharma, compassion from society, and more.
They need to do something with VA miss management period. Nothing has improved since shake up.
How about NO budget that AGAIN guts Medicare and Medicaid in order to give tax breaks to the wealthy? What is wrong with them! #NOGOPBudget
Heal by firstcdeciding to stop drugging children in school. 25+ years of this teaches people that drugs are the path to inner peace.
Both Senate and Congress have stock in big pharmaceutical companies, 
So stop taking out of the side of your mouth, all BULLSHIT
How about you leave medical decisions to made by the medical community.
Drug addiction is about trying to fill voids in their lives. It’s not a switch that turns on/off. Need HOPE not drugs.
They need to DO something and stop talking about it. That's all they ever do is talk.
knowing what you are timmy killing babies everyday may cause ppl to use drugs to escape you.
Least you forget you are part of Congress
BUILD THE WALL, AND STOP THE DRUGS FROM COMING IN TO AMERICA. STOP THE GOVERNMENT FROM PAYING FOR OPIOID DRUGS.
Why is it you're addressing the problem from the criminal side? Why aren't you figuring out better ways to treat pain management?
How about instead of making pain management patients prove they're not criminals to get their meds you figure out how to make better meds?
Drug addiction is not a one size fits all problem. You not only haven't solved it, you've made life tougher on millions for no good reason
Find a way to get & keep Fentanyl off the streets. Addiction can be cured, but not if you're dead. #therealproblem
BETTER SPEAK TO NUT JOB CORY BOOKER. HE THINKS IT'S RACIST TO COMBAT THE DRUG PROBLEM. DIDN'T YOU GET THE MEMO DINGBAT.
@timkaine UNDERSTAND we  live in chronic pain & chronic illness are being turned away. Responsible management. Specialist retired,PCP WONT.
All of your adult life you have been in public service and have done nothing #abouttime
What's the Governor doing to help? Why does it have to be a national issue?
How about personal responsibilty?
Do you even know where rural Va. is?
Typical, Always looking for Federal legislation. We believe in State legislation! 1st step , electing state officials who care.
My grandpa is hooked on tramadol.  VA Dr gives them out like candy.  He didn't have a clue it was a narcotic.  Now he can't function without
Medicaid = giving poor people opioids.

Like to the US Government.
So, what are you doing????
Mr.Senator how can we believe anything you say when you mislead and lie.
Should have made drug reform a top campaign promise. More cannabis less poppies. But you needed big pharma cash!!
LifeSkills Training in schools lowers the risk for #opioid misuse
Here we go send it to Tim Congress is everyone savior the God and creator but yet still we are in the same mess every time y'all try
Leave medical decisions to doctors!!  Government needs to stay out of drs offices!!  Please just go home and take care of your family!!  BTW.....it's an addiction/heroin/fentanyl crisis. Not Opioid Crisis!!!
If you look a lot of these “addicts” & the over dosing is also drinking a lot of alcohol & other “safe” medications that aren’t safe at all
Why do you try to do everything except what you were elected to do? Eliminate the debt and bring our soldiers back home.
You mean stuff oboma did & was attacked relentlessly for lol also debt cannot be eliminated but lowered sure
What about those that genuinely need relief from constant persistent pain
Well gitty up
Like putting them out of business with criminal acts the way they did me?
why does it have to be cured by the Feds?  Why can't the state of VA handle it?
Trump planning to toss them some rolls of paper towels.
You win  I care about this topic a lot && honestly needed that laugh thank you!
Yes, but where was this urgency when crack was ravaging our inner cities. Then, it was just calls for tougher policing and sentencing.
VA limited Suboxone to 16mg/day, people are running back to the streets because of it. Stay out of patient-doctor relationships PLEASE.
Have different rules for different ages.  Elderly need pain medication to have quality lives.  Make more qualifiers for others.
The GOP wants a lot of those people to die because they see them as losers and drains on society.
Legalize Marijuana
drugs are outlawed and illegal though? How can this be!
