Analysis: Trump’s totally bizarre claim about avoiding the Civil War http://wapo.st/2oPxgzl 
Andrew Jackson must have been able to see into the future!
@washingtonpost. Senator thank you thank you
Remind @realDonaldTrump that Andrew Jackson marched thousands of Cherokee families to Oklahoma Territory, stole their land, & let them die.
That "Trail of Tears" was AFTER THE SUPREME COURT ruled in favor of the Cherokee Nation. Jackson had a big heart just like Stalin & Trump.
I guess the orange sock puppet reveres the genocide king for his contempt for legal decisions? @realDonaldTrump
No luck there, #BetsyDeVos is the one answering that page 
I hear Herbert Hoover was really pissed about Vietnam.
Hoover did live til 1964 so yeah
@realDonaldTrump Knowledge has no significance with this administration. Sad! Truly Sad.
Maybe Frederick Douglass could help clear up some of these Civil War questions. Since he's getting recognized more and more these days...
And he attended a...military...academy...right? 
"Military" academy, next county over, for "troubled" kids of parents, who can afford its tuition. Coincidence? Perhaps.
Good luck with Devos
It won't help, we have #MORONS running our Govt.
Was he holding seances?  Chit chatting with Harriet Tubman and Frederick Douglass again?
True, not the ppl you want to call
you were quoted by @washingtonpost
Another ignorant poster that couldnt look up simple history.
You'd get more help from the Department of Silly Walks ~
@washingtonpost. I Agree Re- education Is Needed Obama Said There Are 57 States
Thanks Tim for agreeing to pay $5000/mth for your healthcare. It really goes a long way to help those like me that are less fortunate.
whoever said this is a ridiculous man saying ridiculous things and it is a distraction from his connection to Putin is right. Investigate.
gosh that might not have made sense. I was calling Trump a ridiculous man not you. worried that trumps stupidity is taking all the air time.
Is Trump doing this on purpose to desensitize and degrade the office of the Presidency, or does he have dementia?
Drumpf is a joke/cartoon.  He is in his own dream world. Time for him to go!Uneducated, coming from a military school to say such a thing
DeVos is willing to rewrite US history books to reflect Andrew Jackson's leadership during the Civil War, however. :(
Trump likes to talk for everyone, anyone notice that? He even speaks for the deceased who aren't present to speak for themselves.
Devo's would sic the grizzlies on 'em
He must have conducted a Seance and communicated with his spirit. How else would he know how angry Andrew Jackson was?!  ;-)
Senator TK  ouch! That's gonna hurt his Little EGO
YOU can't read. He said Jackson was upset by the Civil War!
You really want Betsy DeVos handling this?
I ... I ... I just can't anymore. Outrage fatigue is real.
Take a break to get your strength up. We are in this for the long haul. I get it and it sucks #StrongerTogether
Hope that haul ain't as long as the first hundred days felt.
Me too, me too
Like wow Slaveholder Andrew Jackson angry about the Civil War
Don't get distracted - follow the russiagate $$$
As I recall, Jackson's troops chased my people at gunpoint all the way to Oklahoma in the Trail of Tears. He wasn't a deal maker.
They can't help now.
Alternative facts!!
Perhaps Trump can now become a history teacher in the state of Arizona since all you have to do is show "expertise" #TrumpTeachesHistory
Headed by Betsy, potential grizzlies, DeVoss.
@washingtonpost don't bother paging the Dept of Ed.  Betsy is more ignorant than Trump.  SAD!
stay strong Senator!
He's wacko!!
I'm sure could track this back to something on Fox last night. The man does not have an original thought.
I'm afraid you're wasting your time with them.
@BetsyDeVos 's education Dept. can't help @realDonaldTrump   
Sad!!  He was the Valedictorian of his class at #TrumpUniversity
Your page will go unanswered in this WH. So sad that you aren't the vp right now!
Go get'em Mr. Kaine!! Goodness we are in trouble with that guy, the Trump supporters president.
Don't know if Devos is best choice on checking for facts...
Let's be honest, we already knew Trump was a moron so this is PC driven fake horror. The real horrors are the things he is DOING not saying.
Trump is obviously dangerously stupid!!
Sorry, @timkaine, Betsy DeVos is in charge. No one's home at DoE.
That won't help.  DeVos probably thinks Lincoln was really angry about WWII.
I suggest that we also send him School House a Rock videos to help him understand government.
You're assuming a lot there, Senator Kaine.  Doubt DeVos could pick Jackson out of a portrait lineup, much less tell you when he died.
POTUS totally uneducated!  Shows it daily, so sad.
You'll have to go to the states' education departments. DeVos doesn't know any better.
I guess History wasn't his strong subject at What's A Matter U!
DeVos???
He is very ignorant about history.  It's amazing.  Next to Trump 43 is a genius.
Note to the rest of the world: not all Americans are this stupid.
dept of ed can't help him. Led by bear lady now. I'm sure his answer is close enough for her.
So did he really read that book about A. Jackson or was it summarized for him and he couldn't remember the summary?
Damn. Delusional Donnie had planned to give Andrew Jackson a cabinet position.
Here's why the South fought in the words of the VP of the Confederacy
There are a few universities in the area. 45 needs to take USH about six semesters. While he studies he can't preside.
Perhaps he should visit just one numerous Virginia battlefields and get a history lesson
And he asked why have the Civil War?  I'm gonna guess ... slavery!
All due respect, sir, where do you think he got that information?#HeyBetsyOhBetsy
Oh, for Godssake! #impeach already! So embarrassing!
Just wondering Senator..are your colleagues aware of this numb skullery? 
Along with treason
When does America get to be America again?
Damn
DOE can't help.  DeVos will think it has something to do with bears.
While you're at it, please remind DT that Jackson was a mass murderer focused on genocide across South.
@washingtonpost don't call DeVos- she probably thinks he same thing.
And?
You probably don't want Betsy Devos to clarify
Sad.
You can't make this stuff up....
secretary Devos will not notice the error.....ugh!
That was dumb.
When I took a civil war course in college, they started in the 1830s. It was on prior to 1861
I guess that's worse than saying your bowling skills are like competing in the special Olympics. Don't get me start about joe Biden.
I doubt the current Department of Education can be of much help. :/  #Shame
DeVos didn't know either. Education????
Unfortunately @BetsyDeVosED knows less about history than he does. Please page @HISTORY for an easy visual aid they can both understand
(Opening task menu on tablet) 'Tell my children do not believe history books bout Andrew Jackon death in 1845. Lived til Civil War'. #Fail
Sorry but Devi's isn't going to be much help here.
yike alternative history to go with alternative facts
I really hate seeing Trump by any of our monuments,  please make him leave
Has the man had any education? Maybe a lot of donations were made to his  schools!
Oh, I'm not sure this Department of Education could help...
SAD !!!

Another example that the man has a marginal education and clearly isn't interested in changing that problem.
Betsy devos was probably his teacher
What did Besty DeVos say?

Nothing as terrible as a little knowledge and a big mouth. Sad combo.
Jackson visited #Trump aka #PendejoNumerUno as a ghost. Very spiritual moment.
Frederick Douglas joined in. They won't let Hitler outta hell just yet
He's dumber than a box of hair.
No one's there. It's been outsourced to Amway who'd be happy to sell you alternative histories.
he's unqualified, ignorant, too divisive to continue as pres-congress must act!
It's called a 5th grade education, guess that's asking too much ...
Bad news Tim. Betsy Devos is ruining (freudian slip) that dept. She scripted that one out for him 
I particularly liked how he quoted Jackson's thoughts on the civil war. An actual statement Jackson made on it. Nice touch. #CivilWar
Wharton won't be naming any buildings after him ! Unless they have a hall of shame on campus ! And he wanted to see Obamas transcripts !
Dept of Edu?  No one in 45's Admin qualified to lead any of Depts they head. 45 doesn't have elem school knowledge of US or world history.
I assume Trump had an expensive education? I fear his father wasted his money!
He is totally ignorant but so stupid he has to open his mouth about things he doesn't know!
...and Betsy DeVos is answering...! 
Devos was his teacher, excuse him...
What an embarrassing time to be an American. It should havebeen you two. #StillWithHer #alternativeCivilWarFacts
I think @Penn should investigate Trump's diploma. Either someone did his work for him or daddy bought his diploma, Accreditation Challenge
Anxiously awaiting Betsy DeVos reply...
Trump is taking stupidity to the next level ! He needs to STFU ! Wharton is wondering how the hell they graduated this fool !
Where's a Grizzly when you need one?!
Ummm, let's pause for a moment to consider who's currently in charge over at DepEd, shall we?
look up South Carolina. Jackson kept them from leaving the union.
Don't know much about history. Don't know much biology.
The Dept of Ed under Cruella DeVos cannot help  him.
This whole administration is exhausting.
Wow 45 must have gone thru a Betsy DeVos educational history course..!
Sen Kaine, do something about the guy in the White House. He's an embarrassment!
@BetsyDeVosED  she does not know the answer either and neither will our kids if she is left in that role.  Trumpy is just stupid
The one run by clueless Devos? She probably told him that.
@paperrosie53 @washingtonpost The current department of education can be of no help... Trust me!
@washingtonpost I'm sorry Senator Kaine but I'm afraid @BetsyDeVosED would be of little use.
Always a stickler for facts
The head of the Dept of Education is just as ignorant as he is!
There's nothing to fear more than ignorance!

unbelievable. And he is the Pres??? And his ppl love him??? And he would be honored to talk to n. Korea's madman killer??? WOW
Are we blaming Devos or Trump University?
I'd laugh out loud if it wasn't so pathetic..
Secretary of Education does not know any more than trump does. Sad, sad situation!
Does he know anything about our country?
Good luck with paging the Dept of Education. Hello, this is Betsy, what's a Civil War, is that when people don't support me?
Maybe Betsy DeVoss agrees?
Neither King George III nor Napoleon Bonaparte were happy about the American Civil War either. 
Not sure we want to page Betsy DeVos to clear this up...
Retweet if you'd like to see another face on our $20 dollar bill.
It's not like @BetsyDeVosED is going to educate POTUS They both present argument for #PublicSchools #UneducatedPOTUS  #EmbarrasmentInChief
Intelligence did not get him where he is!
They can't help you, Tim.
On timeline he got from Pence (you know, where humans and dinosaurs were alive at the same time), I think Jackson WAS alive during Civil War
Wonder if secretary DeVoss would be of any help...
The #DevosEffect
Paging a new election.
No point to page Dept of Ed, he probably received the info from DeVos. Parents please review your kids homework closely or this could happen
Forget it, Betsy Devos doesn't support American History in schools...
I hope you weren't paging Betsy DeVos? She'd screw up a one person parade, let alone clarify historical facts!
Well unfortunately a moron runs the department of education now
1) a military themed private school teaches this kind of history? 2) with vouchers soon all our kids will "know" such "facts."
PLEASE GET THAT IMPEACHMENT THING GOING. We deserve an educated non-criminal president. 
He knows his supporters won't know their history!
New Trump theme song:
Don't know much about history
Don't know much biology
Don't know much about a science book..
Well, Donald Trump, unfortunately, is not that bright, but I'm sure you already knew that. :/
Zachary Taylor was negotiting to keep VA, NC, KY. TN, AR in union when Lincoln decided to invade. W used that decision to justify Iraq War.
I'm beginning to think @Penn @Wharton granted him a degree just to get him out of there.
Maybe he can discuss it with Kim Jong Un when they go golfing together at Mar-A-Lago.
For the record, Virginia did NOT secede till she was twice attacked: Apr18 Harper's Ferry Apr20 Norfolk shipyds. Va seceded May 23, 1861.
But you're exactly right on Jackson's demise & impact on the Cherokee, sending them in the trail of tears.
You might want to rethink paging the Ed Dept. Nobody home.
Pretty frightening when the person in charge of the most powerful country on earth knows less than an average 5th grader..in Russia...
It's bad enough he claims #fakenews Now we have this idiot's #alternativehistory? The Civil War happened because the South liked slavery!
No, the south declared themselves a nation (the Confederate States of America).
I loved "Hamilton" especially the rap battle when he tells truman to not nuke Japan @Lin_Manuel
Department of Education is currently unavailable...they're busy stripping Obama endorsed programs from schools.
Betsy would be of no help, I'm certain.
Thus his praise for education secretary, Betsy D.
Can you please also page DHHS and the WH doctor? And give the Ministry of Truth a heads up.
Tim this guy is crazy!!!!
You know there's a history test to apply to be a US citizen. I wonder how he'd do on it. #cantwaitformidterms
well now they have Devos  sooooooo there's that
To be fair, look who is running the Dept of edu...
No, Paging Congress!! Have any of you even discussed the fact that this man may not be mentally well? #25thamendment
Why does this man insist on answering questions he is clearly oblivious too? He goes on about Jackson as if they were besties...lol

Wild eyed Tim...are you still around?
Oh, you may be seriously disappointed when that call is returned dear sir. Bigly disappointed.
Like Devos can help. She thinks the Civil War was just fought very politely.
25th Amendment time! Seriously, he proves his mental incompetence daily now.
He just makes stuff up. He's clueless
The depth of his ignorance is staggering. You come to Kentucky, bring your harps. I'll put you work.
This reminds me of .@PressSec statement about Hitler and the Holocaust.
DC's mobile psychiatric emergency service number is  202 673 9300
I have no words SMH
Andrew Jackson was a magical seer. Little known fact. Alternative fact. Trump fact.
Except his $$$
Proof, as if we need more, that the man is a nutcase.
lol yea Betsy better get right on that
