Yes it is time to take care of the American people. Keep a focus on health care, jobs and protecting public schools.
Last night, 51 of you put people over politics.
The obvious solution is #MediCareForAll
Just remove 3 words "65 and older" from Medicare legislation.
This was original intent of Medicare.
With this government it will never be people over $
Yeah - thank you for perpetuating this:
I only pray and hope that @potus doesn't continue his revenge tactics and purposely continue to sabatogue ACA. He is clearly NOT FOR PEOPLE
Yes siree ! Kudos http://to.you  Senator Tim Kaine!
#Imwiththem
You're a hypocritical fraud, you aren't fixing healthcare, you're destroying the health insurance industry
Well, you Democrats, 2 Independents & 3 Repubs. We are so grateful! We will remember who voted against us, the American people, in 2018.
YOU were to do that for 8 years Mr Kaine you're real glib about this. Your party NEVER fixed the bad parts of your ACA. #NoJokeITS aCrime
Thank you thank you thank you thank you
WORK TOGETHER TO FIX THE MESS DEMOCRATS CREATED TO SAVE YOUR ASS?  WHY? REPEAL AND REPLACE CONGRESS.  ALL OF CONGRESS. SEND THEM PACKING NOW
Kaine is a sensible and patriotic LEADER! Kaine/McCain saved the day, along with FEARLESS COLLINS, CAPITO, MURKOWSKI!
Let us join other first world countries and have medical care for everyone. This is an embarrassment  to our country
Socialism doesn't work...you understand that right?
then why don't you also sign up for OBAMACARE ????
Amen!!
I am waking up to this. Sitting up in bed sobbing with relief. Thank you for standing with constituents and making our voices heard!
You'll be sobbing again soon when your premium goes up or your providers pull out. That is if you work for a living
our real VP thanks for the fight
Perhaps you missed the election! #maga
Thank you to all representatives that voted No, especially those who did so against their own party. A Disabled Michigan Family.
IT WILL BE LIKE STARTING OVER THEN BOTH PARTIES DEBATE IT!
Thank you! So many are thanking the three Rs but we also appreciate your unwavering support.
Shouldn't it always be putting people over politics?! "For the people by the people?" People pay your salaries, not politics. #people1st
Eternally #grateful to my #Virginia #Senator for your hard work & sincerest devotion to your #constituents
Amen Amen Amen
No you did not
We'll see how many are crying when ACA implodes and none of them have any insurance. More companies are leaving every month. #Whatyadothen
You are a true politician... you voted party line and against the people who want free market choices and not a FedGov mandate! #Repeal it!
A pure free market healthcare system doesn't work. Healthcare isn't about profit. It's about healthcare. Look at the rest of the world.
Never in your whole time in office have you done that #pantsOnFireCrookedKaine
Everything Hillary Clinton said in the debates about what would happen if Trump got elected has come true.
No.  You put politics over people Little Timmy.
THE ONLY THING I CAN THINK OF USE ACA HAS TEMPLATE! ALL THE GOOD FEATURE !AND WORK WITH THAT !ANALIZE WHY IT FAILED !AND REMOVE THOSE FEATUR
Thank you!
That or it's another example of no one willing to cooperate and work towards the good of the people who elected them...
We need Medicare for all
Good work Senator!  Let's find some bipartisan solutions to fix the ACA!  #CountryOverParty
Thank you Senator Kaine
Single payer, please.
You & your lazy colleagues don't even know how to spell the word "work". You had 7 years to stop AFCA from imploding & didn't. TERM LIMITS!!
This is what happens when governments takes over healthcare..disaster for America!
Get politics out of it!! Or we all become Charlie Gard!
Thank you!
Since when did you put the people over politics? You still have no courage to give us a debt free nation.
As you laugh all the way to the bank. Why do you hate Virginians?  Why not vote for single payer?
Amen.
Thank you
Dems need a plan that moderate GOP will vote on that will fix the current ACA. Work on the more left plan later. For now fix it fo all of us
Thank you and everyone who voted the right way.
Thank you @timkaine
Thanks for keeping your promise to my family (made in this  moment) to continue fighting for ACA! @HillaryClinton he was great last night-
You're imposing a failed healthcare system on the American people #RepealObamacare
Thank you from this constituent.
Thank you.  I'm so proud of my Senator!
Thank you!!
Don't waste this opportunity!
Doing only what could just as well  have been one 3:30 in  the afternoon!!
Or at least stopped a major debacle!!
And let's be as committed as the Americans who came to D.C., went to town halls, & lawmaker offices, who stood up & demanded accountability.
Thank you!
thank you!!! Put #Medicareforall on the table...no more profit driven industry--it is immoral
But 49 of your colleagues did not. And we will hold them accountable in the elections to come.
Thank you!
you're going to love working with #KidRock #selfinflicted if you mean it put yourselves on our plan.
THANK YOU for standing up for us! I volunteered for your VA gubernatorial campaign and have been a fan ever since. Thanks again.
Thank you!
Thank you for all that you do, not only for the people of the Commonwealth of Virginia but for all Americans.
Run for Presdenr
My health insurance premium was cut in half by the ACA.  I must be the only one, the way some tell it....
What about the majority who despise Barry care!??  U failed them!
Tonight you put the demands of @SenSchumer in front of the intrests of Virginians. The ACA is too f☆ck☆d up to fix, and you know it.

THANK YOU, Senator Kaine!
Only 3 test heartless
Thank you for all you do. Yes must work to bring back insurers to the marketplace before 2018 open enrollment! R's have sabotaged #ACA
Thanks for sticking by us!
Screw u !!!!
Is there a reason you tagged me in this tweet? I hope you have a great night.
Idk but HC IS NOT A RIGHT ...ESP FOR GOV LEECHES  PAY FOR IT YOURSELF !!!!
your caps lock is on
Dam right it is ,ACA DESTROYED THE MIDDLE CLASS
the actual numbers tell a different story, the rate of premium and deductible price increases slowed to historic lows after 2010.
Tell that that were paying $1000 a year now paying $10000+ year !!! LIAR !!!!!

Thank you for fighting for what if right.
second highest amount of $$ from the insurance companies.The other Senators received less$$. So, I was offended by McConnell's statement /4
Thank You!
Let's also start working to decentralize government and get our business out of that tyrant's hands.  This is too dangerous.  Never again
11 Senators involved in the secret back room committee recived money from the insurance companies.Hatch got the most $$, McConnell got the/3
Thank you!!!
Americans DO NOT agree with Mitch McConnells speech tonight! He is lying as usual!
#SinglePayerNow
What ??? R u that stupid ???
However, I am thankful for the strength it took to stand in support  of  People who needed them to stand. McConnell,  Hatch and the other /2
The 1st thing U could do is Kick Corprate lobbyists out of DC. Start with Big Pharmaceutical & All Associated with the Koch's
Add Mercer's associates also---that would take care of ever having to look at or hear from @KellyannePolls or Bannon EVER again!
The Democrats did with only 3 Republicans.
We are not settling for less than we have. We need lower prices and we deserve it. Healthcare accessible for all
@lawyer_cindi   Yes, Thank You Sir.
Let's also address the obvious it was 49 Republicans who voted for party and not Country.
Thanks so much for protecting our care
Care ...??? Garbage
U were suppose to be our  CO.  But God has,another plan.  Just like this was his plan.  I Love you Sen Tim.
Good morning, Senator. Thank you! 
And we still have a failing Obamacare and no solution to it. Except stealing from hardworking people who already pay for their healthcare.
C-Span call ins, people are speaking of premiums going from 300+ to 1000+, and 300+ to 3000+. Why that much of an increase?
Many exaggerations but ins companies in exchanges raised rates bec. GOP Congress didnt fund reimbursements to cover sicker new enrollees.
That's what I thought.  Thank you for confirming this  So, now how do we prevent them from continuing their sabotage?
Lawsuits from states and public exposure.
No matter what happens along the way the end of the Trump/GOP BEAST will be determined by the Court & he/it/they will go down hard, to ruin.
Medicare for all if you want to win in 2018 and 2020.
I can sleep well tonight. The ACA wasn't perfect but this would've been genocide. His legacy lives on
I just want to tell you to go suck an egg. #GOP should put all Dem legislators on #Obamacare, since they think this is so great.
Thank you sir!
Thank you Senator!
Tonight was loud and clear: #StrongerTogether
Bipartisan sweat!!!
Thank you, Senator!!!
Thank you for your continued work to make lives better.
#Democrats OBSTRUCTION will matter #Voter2018 #RepealAndReplace #TaxPayersMatter
Thank you Senator! Thanks to DEMs and Senators Collins, Murkowski and McCain! Nothing from Heartless GOP and #TrumpDontCare
We also proved that We the People are the heart of our Republic.
We can only Pray this starts to bring the parties together in a way they can put People and Country over President and Party .
Some put people over politics. Let's bring those that didn't on board and back to sanity.
Or out of a job in 2018.
Job well done sir. Keep it up!
I want to hear the Republicans who voted for the bill tonight to say it and more importantly mean it.
...and impeach drumpf
Too bad you Dems are as useless as that other lot.
Absolutely. Millions of lives were saved tonight.
Garbage no it wasnt !!!!
Amen
Yes . And I hope all Dems will be gracious in this victory and work diligently to fix the problems.  Surely the greatest nation can do this
Thank you!
Medicare for all!!!!!!
Your words were heartfelt. Thank you for all you stand for.
Your lips to God's ears.
Define the "we".  I saw 49 yes votes.
Thank you for working for us!
Just baaarely. Crush them. Destroy
thank you
Thank you for having your priorities in order. Sure wish you were the VP
Let's start with indictments for treason and corruption, Tim.
ABSOLUTLEY! THANK YOU!!!
Health Insurance is expensive because health CARE/TREATMENT is expensive. We need to reign in the costs of CARE/TREATMENT. Thx 4 all u do!
Thank you for your hard work and dedication.
I love you
Keep reading conspiracy theories on the internet bro. Seems to be working.
Thank you
Yessir! Keep fighting the good fight 
Thank you for your vote Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you.
