Calm down....Trump got this
Always a ton of bot/trolls in my Senators' TLs - enjoy this one's confidence. lol!
Sadly. I used to work hard to block only bots, not real people, but no longer differentiate.
Proud of my senator Tim Kaine for his steadfast resistance to bad health care! Thank you for protecting Virginians, sir.
bot/troll alert
jow is your temper these days Timmy?
They just don't care as long as they add to military spending and keep the war machine going
Thank you Sen. Kaine for your steadfastness in opposing Republican's heartless attempts to undermine access to healthcare.
You raised a Domestic Terrorist. You failed as a father...
Here is what you, your family and the Democrats stand for.
You knew Trump was a snake all along! Lock him up! Ironic, huh!
Like we believe ANYTHING Tim Kaine says!
Resist!!!!!!!
We could just pass it and then read it after since both sides disagree on what's in the bill... There is presidence for that right???
You are right Tim this hurt all I
The cut is justified if the costs come down
Your a dayum list trump
Do you really expect the people to belive you don the con
Y PRETEND? APARENTLY U 4GET DEMS PASSED A LAW W/O REPUBLICANS THATs STIL KILLING TAXPAYERS. U DO REMEMBER BHO TOOK $700 BILLION FRM SOC SEC
REPEAL OBOMACARE
Senate, stand by your principles. Losing regular Senate order isn't worth losing integrity. INTEGRITY trumps partisanship. Committees Debate
#chickenlittle
Please stop this, all your Democrats and concerned Republicans! This will hurt REAL PEOPLE! We need #TheAffordableCareAct!
U KNOW BETTER! F A FAMILY CANT AFFORD HEALTHCARE THEN THEY USE ANOTHER MEANS OF HEALTHCARE. ITS NOT FREE UNLESS UR AN ILLEGAL OR A MUSLIM
The once-great GOP only cares about $$$ for their owners and themselves, not about their constituents, not about the Constitution or the USA
Please, please talk with all your fellow US Senators,  the #GrahamCassidyBill will not improve our health care!
So talk to some of your GOP colleagues who's states would be affected and convince them to vote no. Need to push them hard.
I'm in that boat...it's at the point I can't afford my medical bills. It sucks!
That gives you 10 years to figure it out of it's even true... Obamacare is killing us so freaking fix the problem!!!!!
Cutting out super expensive government healthcare or rationing is inevitable. Before ObamaCare my ins. $100/mo.
Have you read the bill?
or hurt VA in Oct 2017 with employer mandate
@timkaine - are you supporting Bernie's Medicare for all bill?  We'll fight this GOP NIGHTMARE!
#ImpeachTrumpPence
BTW it's not like the health care cost is going to be $3.8B less. You're just passing the cost to poor, middle class, states + local gov't.
#KillTheBill
Don't let it pass!!
You know nothing. Don't speak.
Everyone needs to call both their U.S. Senators & tell them that they are against this bad bill. https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
get your own house in order first..your son is a hooligan..
@LetsMobilizeUS Call your GOP reps VA! DEMAND they #KillTheBill!
202-225-3121
 @IndivisibleVA10 @indivisibleVA05 @IndivisibleVA
Thank you!
Thank you Sen. Kaine
Typical Trump deal.  Steal from the blue states.  Give to the red states.  They just want a win to brag about and billions in tax breaks.
I thought Obamacare subsidies to states were to be cut back in 2023?
Sir, I haven't afforded insurance since ACA. It doesn't work for everyone. Kindly support a repeal and replace for all the people
Stop the fraud and there wouldn't need to be cuts...#MedicareFraud
Fed contract employees reveal the corruption which will follow right into the next healthcare program!  Stop it now!
https://www.amazon.com/Hatched-Secret-Inside-Look-Affordable-ebook/dp/B0757CCJZR …
just a question - how many Virginians currently do not have insurance to cover healthcare because premiums are not affordable?
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens! It's a humans right and a mater of decency. Wake up USA!
Nevada depends on ACA also, wishing you were our VP, RIGGED POPULAR VOTE SHOULD ALWAYS WIN,, THAT'S WHY WE VOTE, KI ELECTORAL COLLEGE SUCKS
#MoreCareNotLess #healthcarebill #GrahamCasiddy 

#Article25 #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll

http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
Do you like bacon?
Where are your numbers from?
Repeal Obamacare
Translation: only us feds know how to run people's lives properly. Can't trust states to do that.
How is your son?

how can you know what's going to go on 10 years from now when you can't even figure out what to do in the present?
Why don't u and ur family go on Obamacare And get off the plush healthcare u get pd by us, Timmy? That's what u gave everyone else!!
Head them off at the pass Senator.
You can try All you want to rename "OBAMACARE " President Trump DiD Not Force this Disaster on the American People !  Now Fix it !
Well, I guess all of those Virginians need to start working so they can pay for their own healthcare.
Our NH Governor is also against this which means it must be pretty bad.
STOP LYING TIM. ILLEGALS WILL BE CUT. THEY SHOULDNT BE ON THERE ANYWAY. IT GOES TO STATES. TIGHTEN YOUR BELT
How many billions have been spent on Obamacare, Sir? You didn't have a problem with that horrible law!
30M will lose HC! If you don't want HC insurance feel to give up your. Stay away from mine!
#impeachTrumpnow

You are wrong ! #Obamacare has made US less healthy & more impoverished than ever.  STOP THIS VICTIM SCARE TACTIC @timkaine. #STANDWITHTRUMP
You're fuzzing up the facts. Such a dishonest politician.  How's that ne'er-do-well son that you raised?
Why don't you go w/out healthcare.Why is congress not onthe same asthe American ppl thats rt ya democrats breaking Constitutional Amendments
Just show me how we pay for it. Show me!
Anyone that believes the #s 10yrs from now are fools. No way to know what might happen. Both parties try to scare you.
The @GOP #GCHJ plan is another #RepealAndPray tax cut scheme. The #ACA saves my wife's life daily. #SaveLinda #FixObamacare
Jay in so sorry about your Wife. We will fight these heartless SOB' s.
Elections have consequences. Trump cult wants people to die. Simple.
Then you pay for them Senator Kaine or better yet, let them pay for it themselves. Don't use our tax dollars.
#TrumpsAWhiteSupremacist
Good
They are giving Senators money to kill people!

If you hate it, we love it!
My goodness you ignorance is deafening.
It's better than Obamacare. Heck anything would be better than Obamacare.
Where do you get your insurance?
So I don't need to call you?  So proud you are my senator! Stand up to these guys.
How did that wide #clinton bus feel when it ran right over you?  #AMerica
Tim, Please Vote NO on and  strongly oppose the Cassidy-Graham healthcare bill.
What are you going to do about it?!

You mean like #ObamaCrapCare has done already?
Hog wash! Private companies already stepping up, will be cheaper than your single payer. See Oscar
Obamacare has already hurt millions of Americans. Stop lying!
I thought you were retired. Does anyone pay attention to your yaking? Give it up!!
#ACASucks get over it. Anything the #GOP comes up with is bound to be better than that POS.
Ship back all the illegals and there will be a surplus of Dollars.
So true. Don't be fooled by a partisan bait and switch. Senator Kaine is of course completely correct.
This is all you got
Isn't your son a member of ANTIFA? Nobody wants your opinion!
I want a straight repeal. Let the chips fall.
Lie Lie Lie...............
You are a funny guy Tim,millions are hurting now because of the mess you guys made,no one trusts you guys anymore.
Obamacare hurts tens of millions of Americans...you know us..were the ones still paying taxes so you can buy votes with our money.
Kaine & Dems already destroyed healthcare for millions by forcing Obamacare on the USA. Stop the damn bs. FULLY REPEAL OBAMACARE.
You're full of yourself. #LiberalLies
Millions are being financially raped by having to buy "insurance" they don't need, or cannot use. #StopTheFinancialRape #KillObamaCare
Awww, to bad
Quit with the lies already...don't you get tired of pushing lies
Please just leave Obamacare alone. It's working fine. Don't mess with it.
Obamacare forced tens of millions off of policies they were happy with,You fucking broke it & want to blame Repubs for your idiocy..loser
Anything is better than government run healthcare
Bot
When will democrats stop spending my tax dollars and spend their own
I've never witnessed such a hateful, hurtful and callous administration in my 53 years on earth.
Only because...you're swallowing all the  you're being fed
Wahaha!!
Tim caught lying to his twitter followers again.
Thank you Senator
Folks, do you want a Democrat like Tim Kaine as one of the death panelists for you Socialized medicine? New World Order is Global Hitler.
You should have saved some money as Governor...not our problem! State is right place to deal with healthcare and other matters, not Fed Gov.
How does anyone in @GOP think #GrahamCassidy serves the interests of those who voted them into office. Wake up America
Socialized medicine is not the answer, though.
stop giving fake non profits cash and you will be ok
How many millions of people were screwed over by Obamacare?
How many people's lives have been saved by the #ACA?
I know plenty.
#GrahamCassidy #TrumpCare bull shit.
You look like the guy who yells at his 12 yr old son for not making straight enough lines while mowing the lawn
However it would be a boon to the Americans that actually pay taxes
So should we keep spending money that we don't have adding 1 TRILLION dollars a year onto the national debt? So we can go bankrupt soon?
You mean to live with Obamacare's one provider... high rates and can't see my doctors? Don't think so #suckonit Vote yes #GrahamCassidy
You have a decade to figure it out try something innovative
yeah but #DemocratsLie so how about u buy votes with only your great grand kids tax dollars and leave our great grandkids alone
Stop lying. It just punts Obamacare to the states and lets them administer it.
Option for states to require non-vulnerable people to WORK for their healthcare? 
Sounding better by the minute!!
step it up then and cut costs elsewhere then. 
or are you NOW going to demand you 'like your plan so you want to keep it'?
GOP should've used Nanny Pelos and Eclair MCCaskill line: "You'll just have to pass it to see what's in it!" Also, your son is ANTIFA commie
2027 huh? As if you #clowns know what's going on today. #SMDH #peoplewilldie #lying #hack #MAGA is #abetterdeal!
When will u condemn ANTIFA? Is it because ur son is a member? Also how come Hillary is forgetting u even existed?
Liar! That's 3.8 that ppl aren't FORCED to spend on useless "coverage" that pays nothing! And you bless ed well know it!
If the #GCHJ #RepealAndPray plan passes my wife will die. Is that what you want?
Obamacare hurt Americans!  That's all on you!
Your son is one of the #AntifaTerrorists you don't get to lecture us you failure of a father
Manage your money in Virginia! Are you an seriously discussing 2027? We won't make it to 2027 on the path we are on. Millions "hurt".HOW?
The sky is falling because I can't have my way!!!!!!!!!
Stop treating the government as a source of unlimited welfare.
But you support a terrorist organization  #Antifa
Your son is a brutal assault perpetrator and HRC campaign gave $800m to Antifa. Obamacare bankrupted many & caused many job losses.  Shut up
your son is antifa
ACA is hurting millions of Americans. Forced to pay high prices (to subsidize others) and cantm no longer afford to use.Highprice&no care.
Personal Responsibility costs much less!
What?  Please explain your tweet
Yes I'm responsible for getting an incurable, progressive and debilitating disease?  I pray you never get sick.
Enforce the rulings already on the books against the medical monopoly and prices will drop by 75% overnight. Nothing else matters.
Read this for details on monopoly violation:
Isn't your son a member of #Antifa the domestic #terrorist organisation?
More like a member of the antifashionistas.
Isn't your own kid in a domestic terrorist organization?
It's not #TrumpCare, Dopey. It's still #Obamacare you DC losers F'ed up. Stop whining over your loss, cry baby liar.
As an Educator, u fell for that huh? My wife Retired as a Principal (3) Degrees, 44 yrs. working at all levels but we Know DJT lies. Proof?
Your son is the leader of antifa you proud?
So... u have 10 years to get your Healthcare spending in order. With those cuts, it would be hard to find waste & abuse, wouldn't it?
I'll take the one on the RIGHT!
Please keep fighting for us!
If Va. deported illegal aliens, cut out welfare fraud and stopped wasteful government programs we'd have an 8.1 billion surplus.
Hurt these districts too
#RepealACAnow how's your terrorist son? #AntifaIsATerroristGroup #FullRepeal
You must understand that they could care less about anyone till it happens to them and then it's a catastrophe. Just like Donny the liar .
WITHOLD CONSENT
Give followers action points. VA folks, if yr Senator is a NO, reach out to friends in other districts, tell them make the call. VITAL.
Guess John Q Taxpayer is getting cash back from the Cornhusker Kickback, Senators Nelson and Landrieu getting cash for ObamacareVotes 49&50
vote no
Try walking over to your neighbor's in MD who arranged amazing healthcare for very little increase for State Employees.
Thank you for opposing this awful bill!
You lie cheat steal obstruct progress and Resist.   This defines you and your @DNC .
He is heartless!
PLEASE get behind #MedicareForAll it's the best for the American people!! #stoptrumpcare #dumptrump #standupforwharsright
No it's not get a job and get on healthcare or get on a plan like most of us have
Get a brain.
