What could be so bad about having the health care committees (HELP & Finance) take a look and discuss health care?
Ask @NancyPelosi
Smart man & plan. Unfortunately McConnell & his band of thugs will not do what's right, thoughtful or best for our country. Sad times in USA
If the GOP cared 4 anyone besides themselves Tom, then every American would receive the exact same health care as they do @ the same rate.
Here's a novel approach why don't you come up with something that's better
He can't
Well...I'm SICK of "O-BUM-A-CARE"!!!
I TRIED IT! NOW?..IT'S TOO MUCH! I CAN'T AFFORD IT! I GIVE UP! So? I'll go back to the VCC! How's that?
Stop wasting time and money GOP's Fix ObamacareAnd in the mean timelook how healthcare is in western countries i.e. France Germany THINK
Exactly!
hearings on what? I thought it was perfect?
Like that will happen.
I wish u said the same when the Dems were shady 8 years ago.
Too bad Texas didn't expand Medicaid.
It can be added to a long list of "should be" for this administration.
Good that is true Kristen.... Nice meeting you........ Well I am Cindy new here just like to no more about you
I will be there 7/22-7/28. I am a rare disease patient. Would love to speak to the Senator.
Ohhhh cool very sorry about your health frank and very nice meeting you
I agree with you Tim.
You're absolutely right, but they're afraid to. They know what they'll hear, and they don't want to hear it.
Dems an GOP both and then work together.
I sure hope democrats can get a clear message to unite as many as possible for 2018 & 2020
IKR? Maybe if they talked to (instead of hiding from) their constituents, they would realize that no one cares abt their promise to axe ACA
Imagine that! Making logical, moral decisions instead of greedy ones 
Agree, but not going to hold my breath.
Like u did when u passed #ACA @ 1am with unread amendments & 2000 pages of BS?
Yes, yes, yes, and yes!
Yes that great I really like that idea ........nice meeting you Tim I am Cindy love to no more about you
You are so right
Yeah but @SenateGOP won't because that would involve interacting with icky normals and non-Koch approved unpeople.
Indeed. Listen to the people.
#Trumpcare
GOP GRIPS on
TRAVELING protesters
Check ID'S at door
They'll find everyone
is from THEIR district
LISTEN TO YOUR PEOPLE
Just read the name of trumpcare look evil and is evil !!!!
Then why aren't you?  Don't wait for someone else to take first step. Show why you were choice for VP.  Please. We need a leader. Stand up.
Thank you for looking out for us! 
She didn't really want the presidency. All of that to discredit drumph.
They should, but we know they won't. They will work to find a more deceptive way of getting rid of ACA to make sure they get their tax cuts.
The turtle and his goons don't care about any one.
They should, but won't. I thank God you and Mark Warner are my Senators.
You should using this week to pass tax reform. Get to work for America.
Why..that's what you do...talk and whine!
It sounds good in theory but, I'm starting to believe no one cares because, it won't effect them.
Right! @realDonaldTrump
great idea
And why aren't you screaming and yelling and insisting this happen.  What are you waiting for Senators????  The Repubs would be screaming!
Or better yet explain what is and isn't in the bill and implications to their constituents
More than happy to talk to them. I'm sure they will listen.
Why bother you're not listening! The ACA is a disaster.

Should but won't.
Good idea, jut like we had during Obamacare. Hypocrites.
They won't. They don't care.
Ur so right @timkaine & 2 think we not only were cheated out of Hillary but u as well.
Baaaaaahaaaaahaaaaahaaa! Oh....you were serious!!! We haven't really had a working Congress since 2010 (tea party takeover) #2018 #DemsUnite
Such hypocrisy. Did democrats hold any  public hearings when they gave us the worst legislation ever and ruined health care?
Then do it brah... Jesus stop tweeting and freaking do something.
why is the CBO analysis also delayed?  Can't the report come out while JM is recovering?
kinda like Obamacare passing before we read it, eh tim...
Hit the nail on the head.
True but you can't get a cat to bark!
Not in their skill set!
I'm going to call my senators (Scott and Graham) and ask them, again, to hold town hall meetings and explain their support for the BCRA.
Oh, but that would be the smart and caring thing to do so pretty sure it isn't going to happen unless the @SenateDems arrange it. Be bold!!
Why?  The Repubs have their minds made up. Why muddy the water with inconvenient facts?
Want to hear from mother inlaw w cancer? Had great Ins w Douglas. Told keep your Ins & cheaper. Lost Ins to Ocare & too expensive
Thank you for your efforts, Senator Kaine.
Why are they afraid to hear from the people they represent?!?!
You didn't listen to us when we protested #Obamacare.
@SenateGOP yes the should. Fix this together and make this a United hlthcare bill.
Or the Senate should use this time to pass bills and help fix the mess Obama made #MAGA
Why ok for McCain to receve medical care paid for by US taxpayers but he will vote to cancel our own taxpayer ACA Insurance! It's total BS!
I hope @SenJohnMcCain had a talk with patients, docs and nurses while he had surgery, now he has a pre-existing condition.  #SaveACA
Great idea!! Get it going.
2017 was for the ACCOUNTABLE Care Act part of #ACA. Hospitals/Drs/Pts share #bestpractices, what worked/didnt. Findings shd be part of convo
I'll help. Because of ACA Repeal fear the hospital I work at is cutting jobs to prepare for budget/revenue cuts created by removing care...
...(cont) mandates. Repeal and the Senate GOP healthcare bill could literally cost me not only my own insurance, but my job and livelihood.
more Democrats puppets ! Talk to the real working ppl who are even paying your bills ! Your a political parasite .
YES, please!
Yes, do so!
@SenateMajLdr @tedcruz @JeffFlake will hide cuz they are cowards.
@SenMajLdr @SenatorCantwell @PattyMurray I'll happily fly out to share my perspective as a Neonatal Nurse Practitioner in WA state.
Sen. Kane, marshall doctors/nurses/safety net hospital administrators along with BCBS, etc. to push for public hearings!
Just wanted to say you must be real deal you were able to quote the Great John Lennon imagine. Like power to the people
thanks Colleen 
And thank you.i am seeing more and more people with one goal. To make the United States of America great after trump blew it up
They have time to get a CBO score now. How about they do that?
I'll come. Fly me up there, @timkaine. Promise you my tale won't fit your narrative.
Just make sure you listen to some that lost theirs because Obama care premiums and deductibles skyrocketed and the ones that lost their Drs
Why can't Democrats do that...public gatherings with experts, insurance companies, patients and families? Record, televise & circulate to ed
Right, like they did for O'care! How bout you just read it to see what's in it?
Oh My God: a Senator who's actually interested in hearing what his constituents want??? I thought they were extinct.
Why don't u hold meetings with families of citizens killed by illegal aliens? Maybe you should care about them? Will U vote 4 Kate's Law?
They're only interested in listening to their big money donors!
That is an utter waste of time. So we hear from 3 patients/docs who love it & 3 who hate it. Then who screams loudest wins?
Yes, that makes perfect sense. How can we bring that about?
Correction: It's #DonTcare. They don't care if we die Tim. They. Don't. Care. *headdesk*
The @GOP doesn't care about the people, they only care about corporate donors.
", the 
politically correct names for COMMUNISM !
Agree, just like the Democrats did with Obamacare.

Oh wait...
This, 
ladies and gentlemen, is called "redistribution of wealth" or, by its more 
common name, SOCIALISM, or"PROGRESSIVE",
March for universal healthcare!
@POTUS already knows the issues & needs of the American people, hence, him being elected. Maybe you should get in touch with reality. #MAGA
Smartest Action I've heard in 1 year!
, can 
pay enough extra so that the original un-insured can be insured, so it will be 
'free-of-charge' to them.
The extra charges are required so that the original insured, who became 
un-insured, and then became re-insured,
Saludo su trabajo senador Kaine. 
We want the healthcare Congress has that we, the taxpayers, pay for. When do we want it? NOW!
To re-insure the newly un-insured, they are required to pay extra charges to be 
re-insured
It would if the Senate were ran by Democrats, or just people wanting to do their work properly.
Next, we require the newly un-insured to be re-insured
They're scared, say it's too dangerous!
1. 
In order to insure the uninsured, we first have to un-insure the insured.
Very appropriate and reasonable.
Make sure you get the people who got screwed by ACA also..Don't just bring in sick people it helped..Bring healthy ppl it screwed.Both sides
Yes they should!
But no, you're just on twitter virtue signaling instead of working... I know. Your job is so hard.
Directa yo feetza to Daddy Cain's Pizza! #GodfathersPizza
A sabotaged plan vs a worse plan .....Eanie, MEANIE, MINEie, MO$$$.  The people vs donors.....their quagmire faux show
Go away kooky kaine
