McConnell: If we can't repeal Obamacare, we'll fix it http://politi.co/2szETYv  
Don't believe it. GOP will only make ACA better for insurance companies bottom line.
And you know this how?
Also GOP has never been interested in providing universal healthcare. Just not part of the ideology
You are correct. We used to buy insurance that fit our needs just like all insurance. We are not a socialist country. Name one that thrives!
Can you tell me what benefit you think an insurance company adds?
I'll just point to the VA and that's all I need to show how gov care works. It's a terrible system. My Dad was in their so called "care!"
If we funded it properly it would work well.
19 Trillion dollars in debt and all the left does is complain that we need to raise taxes! It's NEVER that we need to stop spending so much!
Improve the marketplace >>> cover low-income elderly and the disabled. Get able-bodied leeches off the fed gov dole. PERIOD.
Insurances copmanies are dropping Obama Care. We dont have the coverage you Dems promised . You fools took our money.
Americans dont want YOUR LIES, Senator!  Ask Harvard Law prof @AlanDersh
"Americans" don't want to pay outrageous premiums caused by your OC. & they have zero faith any of you will do anything to fix the problems.
you've had your chance and it, ObamaCare, was a total disaster.
Wrong! This constituent doesn't want your solution.
Really? Where were you before? No need to fix the last several yrs as premiums went up and carriers dropped?  Seems you are late.
Let's see it! Why didn't you do that before? People seriously want to know what you were doing before?
Nope. Nothing from you. Obviously you didn't get the memo when you lost!
Timmy, the only idea you ever had was color inside the lines.
Thank you Senator.  Lets save our healthcare, and then move forward to make it better!!
Remember 9months ago when this "BadAss" kicked ur ass all over National TV? #VicePresidentDebate @mike_pence @POTUS @FoxNews @TeamTrump
Didn't u LOSE?
Keep working on this Senator Kaine!!
McConnell's "pledge" to "fix" Obamacare is a scam. If The Turtle can't make GOP "KeepAwayCare" work, he'll "fix" Obamacare so IT won't work.
#ImpeachTrump
Dude please do something about the Administration and those who have assisted in the attack on us, not just the election but the people hurt
Not a single bill should pass this Congress, not one executive order should be followed the collusion the Treason is in the Republican Party
"Trump care" is an oxymoron.
NOTHING Democrats propose regarding #Trumpcare should be considered. We saw what their efforts produced with #Obamacare. We want #RepealONLY
From the correction process till it's great?
Perez said on MTP that actions were bipartisan that got present  healthcare into effect.  Why then do Reps need to hide and exclude Dems
I hope you all can work together to fix this mess of Healthcare you all made of it. Tired of the 80% increases in my healthcare.
Thank you @timkaine! This impacts ALL of us not just my Mom dying from Alzheimer's dependent on Medicaid. Everyone's health is at stake!
unfortunately, if your bill suggest that all Americans can b assured HC, turtle head will want to kill it. plain and simple, he doesn't care
It's about time ya'll understand that we sent u there to work for us not against each other
Yay! It's about time the GOP's finally will work to improve ACA
Americans DON'T want KAINE CARE ether! The more you resist the more we persist ! When you persist we shall RESIST! #Notokainecare
Americans can't afford Obamacare
We don't want ObamaCare, either.
Please stop Trump and this sell out to Russia.
Tim Tim did your son get payed by Soros to get put in jail for protesting. You must be so proud Democrats love lawlessness. Crooked Hillary
Democrats love spending Your money till it is gone. Illinois, Chicago,California look at their budgets in the negative buy billions
No difference between Mitch McConnell and Tiny Tim Caine bolt globalist filth. Obstruction is the name of the game . Tell dems money gone

We were promised a repeal  we will remember those that promised and those that obstructed the repeal come next election.
Yes!  Thank u 4 serving ur constituents w consideration & thoughtful healthcare policy making. Keep it up! Ditto 4 @MarkWarner
There is always hope! You area a good & honorable leader. Thank you for your public service. Proud you are 1 of my 2 Senators.
Any bill to impeach trump yet? Please let us know when the Russians are out of our White House. Thank you for your work.
Americans want Government out of health care.
No but we do need the protections the ACA has such as no caps no limits no preexisting etc.
Why doesn't treason weasel McConell just fix the damned ACA?
GOP better do the job right For the working class NOT the elite !!  1 % dudes !!!
Cool your heals Senator! They have not conceded yet and unless they stop the call for repeal and start working on repair. U cannot trust GOP
How about speaking for Virginians?  67% didn't want Obamacare yet you voted for it! You place D Party over Virginians. #repealtheXVIIAmend
Is it selling accross state lines? No, that would be good.
Go Tim!!
I'm average Joe American & I want Obamacare repealed as soon as possible.
Would love to see it.
Great! Let's hear about it!!
SENATOR KAINE IF YOU CAN'T REPEAL ACA; THAN FIX IT !THE NEXT BEST THING!
Remember when Americans didn't want bammycare?  Where were your tweets then, Mr. Political Hack?
We don't want Obama care either. If you were a leader you would acknowledge that the ACA is a complete failure. #uralapdog
Bummer rang effect AHCA no 1 put n it-no people all =no hospitals/dr's/nurses,meds whose taking them,no pharmas 40+mil it keeps growing-
Darn right we don't want that dangerous and cruel "health care" program!  Thank you, Tim!!!
Well, Senator @timkaine let's get it on the agenda
Don't be fooled Mitch McConnell has not given up. Don't fall for the banana in the tailpipe y'all!
@politico "Improve marketplace" means more public funds ensuring private profit. Private profit and public debt. Neoliberalism.

Gosh, if only @CNN & @MSNBC & @washingtonpost & @nytimes would inform the public about this!
It will be difficult to improve ACA if GOP is involved. Need leaders to take-on the drug-companies.
Kaine & the Dems destroyed healthcare & insurance when the forced Obamacare on the USA. It needs to be fully repealed.
Current problem w/repeal is that Dems & Repubs have progressive socialists in Congress who refuse to honor the Will of the People.
The People elected Pres Trump & his agenda to REPEAL Obamacare, build the wall, stop importing terrorists, enforce immig laws, stop bs regs.
Congress has to do what is best for all American citizens..not the 1 %. Y'all took oaths, right?
why is ivanka trump at the g20 meetings and melanie ????
i didnt know we elected them
@politico    Nor do we want #Kainecare
Is there a place we can view the bill that will be proposed?
Words and speeches are pointless if we don't take action! If you have a solution, put the bill on the floor.
Where is your bill? Has it been presented? Push it! Give us an alternative. Show it to the public.
No, we want you progressive frauds and hypocrites as far away from the industry and out personal choices as possible.
Didn't want ACA either.
Very Good, Hoping they can come together and improve the marketplace.
Thank you @timkaine, I can't wait to read about it!
Please work with @SenatorCollins for bipartisan effort to improve #Healthcare.
You are right. Most Americans do not want a socialized health care system.
Good luck, Senator Kaine!
Thank you for your efforts, Senator.
#SinglePayer #universal 
It's time for us to join the developed world senator despite the current situation in fact perfect time to do it
Thank you!
McConnell's yanking your chain. He isn't interested in bipartisan leadership. He's an obstructionist. Remember his stance against Obama
Every time I read the news, my heart drops. I hope for some progress while that man is in office, but the world seems to hate us.
Murderer!!!!
What Americans would that be and what percent of them. Do not speak like you are my mouthpiece. Make your claims your own not minw.
Keep Pounding until the Rs say uncle. We have your back!!
Keep working for all Americans Tim.
Thanks for putting country over party!
Hopefully u will release before u come up for election next yeargood luck trying to win another term
Americans don't want govt trying to run 18% of economy when you can't fix a pot hole. BTW, how's jailbird Linwood? Still smoking weed I bet

Where was this bill during the Obama administration?
Mr. Senator, as I plan to run for office in 2020 as a Democrat. I admire the fact you have a bill that BOTH sides could agree on. However,
the American People have made it very clear they WANT the Gov. to work for THE PEOPLE and NOT the other way around. Unless, you plan on
making a "Universal HealthCare" and still keep the ObamaCare and fix it. The American People are still going to see it as "HealthTrap"
instead of a "HealthCare." My plan IF elected in 2020 is to provide BOTH FOR THE PEOPLE. They should be the one's to decide on who they
should see, where to go, lower coverage cost AND LOWER MEDICATION COSTS.  At the same time, being able to keep their Medicaid & Medicare.
By giving the people MORE choices and options on different Health Ins., it can provide a much better healthcare AND services rendered.
We need these Ins. Companies back on board with "ObamaCare," BUT AT A LOWER COST. In order for that to happen, ObamaCare needs to be fixed.
We need to get the insurance companies out of the picture. Americans should not be their walking profit centers. The great American rip off.
Sorry @timkaine ...too little too late! D's chose not to help when asked. Now that complete repeal is on table, you scramble! No thanks!
#voteout 2018
I hope so! This partisan crap has to end! For the record though, Americans didn't want Obamacare either.
Please stand up to Republicans. time has come for all to join in demand something be done about this prez. We are a Republic not a monarchy
I'm with you what jack republican thinking  ??  (" follow the crazy call conservatives "")  it is self distruction indeed 
No more for profit health system... it's completely immoral
WISH you were our Vice President 
Good fortune, Sen Kaine!
Single payer!
We have that it's called the VA...
Thank you Senator!
Agreed @timkaine #NoTrumpcare Bipartisan work on healthcare is needed are you listening @RoyBlunt? I'm sure @clairecmc will help you. #ACA
If free market worked in healthcare why does my grandfather have to pay $5000 for hearing aids which are NOT covered by insurance? #Scam
Lol , they know they can't repeal a great legacy like Obamas
Yeeees it's right we can't shout our mouth no way. !!!
Thank you Senator!
Americans want bipartisan efforts to fix Obamacare. 

#ACA
When I write to my Senators I will encourage them to consider your bill.  Thank you
Without reading it? Seeing it? Understanding it? Let's wait to see what the GOP comes up with first?
"The marketplace" is exactly what's wrong with the US healthcare "system".
Healthcare should not be in the marketplace.
#Medicareforall
McConnell is a snake this is all smoke in mirrors to calm people down.  Stay woke people!
Also worth remembering: this bill isn't dead until it's dead
Is there a link where we can see your proposal, Senator?
Will you, I hope, also be working to #remove the incompetent and insane Trump via the #25thAmendment?
Show them!  Thanks for your work.
we want #MedicareForAll --my health is not for sale or profit
If you want that, go to the UK. We're not having it here. The working middle class is financially raped to pay for enough.
Well, share!  Is there a link?

NOTHING Democrats propose regarding #Trumpcare should be considered. We saw what their efforts produced w/#Obamacare.
#RepealObamacare Only.

