Southerns have made immeasurable contributions to our nation yet our heritage is denied!
Would you tweet about White people and thier accomplishments?
Yes we have, especially those of us that proudly follow the rule of law and salute the nation that WE legally became a part of.
Of course doing it legally would be ideal but you're standing from a place of privilege if you think everyone has the resources you did
Can you tell me what resources and privilege my family had?
What did they bring beside filthy living conditions and crime into good white neighborhoods. To dumb to even learn English...
Yet most Hispanics are smart enough to know your lying if not they are as unintelligent as you are
immeasurable ... like ... things that don't exist?
unlucky wording.
How come HHM only started getting mentions on the 15th?

 “9.15-10.15 #HispanicHeritageMonth Remember Latin #Veterans” by @Pamela_O_Plays
Thanks Senator Kaine. Be more vocal,    #TheResistance needs you.

For September's #HispanicHeritageMonth
Remember Tech4 Carmen Contreras-Bozak, WAC
first Hispanic to serve in U.S. Women's Army Corps 
Remember when Jose Estavarres signed the Declaration of Independence? Or when Jesus Gomez fought the British at Bunker Hill? Oh wait...
Remember when the Native Americans had their land stolen?
I guess then they r not organized or that smart ie bows & arrows versus guns.Your tweet implies whites r smarter they were a minority n 1620
Exactly my point
Not all hispanics but I know some who were conned by #45 and is so embarrassed now that they help elect a moron! #2018 get it right!
They owned a major portion of this country way before we did! But, how do u feel about term limits for congress? 3 and out!
2 and out
U could'nt sound any more robotic even if U had literal chips fitted up your ass. Pathetic. No wonder The Democrats hv been on losing spree!

Thanks,  Sen Kaine. You're a great man, true public servant. Plz ignore ugly, hateful Trumpers.
Dear white ppl: We don't need a month to recognize us, because the USA doesn't overlook our contributions. #HispanicHeritageMonth #snowflake
Actually, history is taught here to OVER emphasize our contributions. Natives helped us survive here, slaves built our capitol, list goes on
Thank you for saying that. They really have

Thank you, Senator Kaine. I'm proud to say you represent my family & my state well.
What about the ones who don't
w/out business funds nothing would have been built how many illegals came over here with a pocket full of money to build anything
Agreed.
Yea, LEGAL Hispanics. No more DACA, no amnesty, BUILD THE WALL, protect our borders.
You know it
So has every other group. What's your point?
... but you wont mention those contributions even tho we have a HT trending to do so.
That's not the point we are talking illegal immigrants always trying to put legal with illegal there people waiting in line how about them.
Yes. The ones that are here legally. The lawbreakers need to be deported as our laws say.
Key word being that noun:  American.

Right! So you have no right to hand their jobs over to illegals just because they speak the same language, or have similar last names.
Yep they didnt vote you as vice.
My favorite political activity, vote pandering. POTUS wants Congress to fix DACA. Get off your ass and actually do something.
Whenis the DACA to become a law?  Who is stopping you from doing something?
And raped and killed people too!!!
Yes they have!
Hackkkk
Every race and culture has...
I'm first generation Hispanic immigrant, my parents came here the right way and had no choice but to assimilate, we don't want illegals !
ugh... please stay away from us... weirdo.

Old Man Mitchell says don't forget about all Americans...quit sucking for Hispanic votes
But your son hasn't did anything but criminal terrorist acts!
Shut up Forrest.
When u celebrate one nationality over another u perpetuate hatred and division in this country if it wasn't 4 Scott's and Irish no freedom
You pissed off a nation of immigrants by selling out to illigitimate ones. Please, continue
Immeasurable? wow.

Gracias, Tim cayenne
And over time 99% have become American citizens LEGALLY. do you read or think what you tweet?
Legal Hispanics hate illegal immigration bro
Oh that they are suck us dry
Let's just say they've made more contributions than your Antifa kid. That's a low bar.
#DACA #DreamAct
Lol if you think you can accurately count them as they cross the border 
I'm Tim Kaine.. and my pander alarm goes off daily.
'Americans' means those who came here LEGALLY..
Not if you live in MD. They allow illegals to vote in local elections. I wouldn't doubt if that is allowed in Virginia.
I agree, now protect our healthcare! Graham-Cassidy is coming and it's terrible for all!
The legal ones have
And that my friends is the truth 
Yes, and not all Hispanics are illegal, so don't confuse the two. Honour legals. Deport illegals.
"Immeasurable" is a polite way of saying "too small to measure" here.
how can you LOSE an election and still be in office?  DUDE you LOST so STFU about EVERYTHING
Legal or illegal ones?
Agreed!
