Nope. Not true.
Most impacted:  women, WOC, children, people with disabilities.
you care nothing about the people of this country only about party ideology and power. Traitor!
We gave had 8 yrs of you people.
MAYBE we shd resist resist the far left liberal dems and vote them all out.
My mother is 81 & lost mobility this year. She has used all 100 days of medicare rehab stay. We R now applying to medicaid for assistance 1.
ACA resulted in millions losing health insurance  I'm 1of them. You did not care then, don't believe u care now. None of u do!
Yes or no. Did the ACA cause premiums to rise substantially? Answer: yes. Odd how Dems neglect telling us that
Agree! Why don't Dems and repubs work together?? Fix it for all not take away! #TrumpCare @SenateMajLdr
what better proposal Obama care? It failed stop the rhetoric and do something. Earn ur pay resisting not earning
Lies..The "millions" you libtards talk about are people willingly giving up the coverage.
Cant you dems evet stop lieing?
Obama care broke my bank account. Whatever Trump does cant be any worse.
As more baby boomers face my situation with their own parents or with themselves, even, more elderly will need medicaid assistance. 3.
With medicaid, she can go to an adult day care and come home each night to my care. Without medicaid, I don't know what we would do. 2.
Yes it it
Just make the damn thing mandatory for you elite representatives and it may get taken care of
No different than Americans losing coverage and paying inflated premiums for Obamacare.  We've been waiting for a better proposal for years!
It means those getting ACA for free will have to start paying some sort of premium,  & the middle class can stop paying for everyone else.
Cover low-income elderly and the disabled, YES. Get able-bodied folks off the fed gov dole, VOILA!!. Problem solved.
And millions more able to afford it again
#Obamacare resulted in millions of Americans losing coverage & people paying thousands more $$ in premiums. Time for a better proposal
Please explain?   Millions will choose not to purchase coverage not lose it.
Time for tim.kaine to go.  Resist tim.kaine
You Democrats had your chance with Obamacare Typical destruction from DCDrain the Swamp & Term Limits 
Stop the BS.Americans won't LOSE HEALTH CARE. They just won't be forced to buy it. Stop with the lies. ACA is dead and totally unaffordable
You don't even use the same #healthcare as pushed on us. dude, you are so out of touch.
Isn't that the truth.  These dems are such hypocrits
You mean like Obamacare did?
So it's exactly like #Obamacare. Which you voted for. So what's the problem?
Are you sure you're telling the whole truth about this Mr Kain?
No, you are again confused, you are describing Obamacare.  Get it right.   @POTUS @FoxNews
B.S. How about telling the truth about ObaMAO-care? No choice, high deductibles and you ROBBED Freddie & Fannie to pay for it. LOSER CREEP
Time for single payer coverage.  Nothing else is acceptable
Stop the fear mongering it has no effect anymore!! You Dems have cried wolf to many times that you have become irrelevant!!
Do not believe so called Trumpcare would cost more than $10,000.00/yr to get any care. So you are just another liar
Time to stop being socialists and let us choose  to pay or not. This is a republic,  not a whiney baby, live of others communist country.
What is the democrat's proposal for an ACA fix? Haven't heard and this democrat would like to know. #fixACA
You mean what Obamacare did
Gee that sounds exactly what the Obamacare shit sandwich tastes like, it's made with keep your doc, pay less, keep your coverage & Big Govt
Time to open it up for all to comment and make changes to it.
I know I can't afford Medical Care since my premiums and my co-pay went up so I basically lost Healthcare because of Obama. I don't matter
Lie
You mean people will die, oh no. But 1.8 million abortions don't effect you, you don't loose any sleep
Umm this sounds just like Obama Care, that you voted for.
Make yours & then work with Rs to reconcile?
Sounds like Obamacare.
LIAR ACA CAUSED MILLIONS OF AMERICANS TO LOSE THEIR HEALTH INSURANCE -- MY WIFE WAS ONE OF THEM
The unsustainable costs of health care are the billions in profits going to health & insurance industry profiteers.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan: The current plan is failing in so many ways. It cannot remain as is. Why not WORK with the GOP?
ppl don't accept pseudotolerance anymore timmy  go to the woods with hillary, she'll be in jail if justice prevails.
No Senator. You have it all wrong. That was Obamacare that did all that. Remember the plan you supported so gladly and still do!!
Apparently this is invisible to you Tim: 11.7% NOW unisured - thats 35 million citizens: http://www.gallup.com/poll/213665/uninsured-rate-rises.aspx?g_source=Healthcare&g_medium=lead&g_campaign=tiles …
Stop lying. It would result in millions of Americans having a RIGHT TO CHOOSE Congress needs to be forced to use ACA. Tax cosmetic surgeries
Thank you for continuing to fight for our healthcare!
WORK TOGETHER  WITH THE GOP ON A BILL;20 GOP 20 DEMS ;THAT WAY YOU GET ALL APECTS OF HEALTHCARE; TAKE YOUR TIME; DON'T RUSH INTO A CATASTROP
Are there no Repubs you can get to talk about a bipartisan HC plan? Do you all not speak?
Typical repucicans. Slash/pay for federal deficit.
And those who lose coverage won't go to doc therefore people lose jobs.
Then why don't you provide one genius?
Single payer, universal health care. You crazy much? Join the va, die on a waiting list, an that's how good single payer will be.
only the illegals dumb a.. an we the people are good with that get with real life dummy
So exactly what happened w/ #Obamacare Maybe you should face the fact that big govt is incompetent. Still waiting for $2500yr in savings
All your illegal immigrants voters to bad cry baby tim
Some would loose their lives from not having the medication they needs to keep them alive
So it's basically Obamacare.
Please Senator Kaine...push for single payer/Medicare for all! Most Americans support it.
And half of America don't support it
Senator, it's time for a better administration.
If you had to be covered by #ACA like most Americans or pay a tax, may listen to the #Dems ? Until then.....
What your Plan Tim? ObamaCare?
#TrumpCare would result in millions of Americans losing coverage & people paying thousands more $$ in premiums. Time for a better proposal
Full fix to ACA or Medicare for All
Real works? #trumpcare
Did you forget 30 million ppl lost their health insurance when Obamacare was implemented?
RETAIN and IMPROVE ACA is working great in Covered California! Senator Feinstein and Senator Harris have improved ACA!  Please network!
Start negotiating instead of whining
Time for you to stop lying
Sounds like ur talking about #ACA.
Did millions lose coverage on ACA or did more people have insurance than ever before?
EXACTLY.  $2500/yr HSAs for every child.  -
Ukraine? and Clinton? Rice unmasking, lynch obstructing, comey leaking? Where the hell is the justice for Americans?
and what do you have in mind
You are still feel sorry for yourself for losing the vice presidential. So, U and your people going out of your way to lie about TrumpCare.
The GOP will be in stall mode forever until this whole Russian-collusion thing is an issue. No major legislation can be passed by this group
It's sad how misinformed you are
You had your chance. All you gave us is O-care and resisted thru repeal process.
Empower states to exercise public option under ACA, and let them (States)  take the heat for failure to serve their sovereign citizens.
They just want to destroy the legacy of the Black president.  The Republicans is the party of White Nationalists and uneducated bigots.
Nice bigotry. You must be proud.
Forget the proposal. Time for a better president...
And after the last eight years, we finally got one
Universal healthcare single payer healthcare for all Americans.
Form a committee from both parties that want to serve the citizens and NOT ideology. What's best for Americans and not party.
Good luck with that
GOP has no real plan except to take from those who can least afford it.
Way too many able-bodied people out there taking advantage of the system
Agreed BUT WHAT ABOUT THE COLLUSION WITH RUSSIANS DO SOMETHING PLEASE
Due to failing ObamaCare millions of Americans are losing coverage & paying thousands more than Trumps program would in premiums.
Why are we here?  Press the election results.  You should be VP and this wouldn't be a thing.  You were hacked
Are people finally willing to have a serious talk about universal health care?
We need and want, single payer
No
We
Dont
Repair do not Repeal ACA!
Repeal and do not replace. It was working prior to Ocare. Dem just wanted to hand out Freebies!
And, how is Trumpcare better? Have you read it?
Repeal! Not Replace! Keep Gov out of Insurance Business! Gov should not sell Ins to fund Dem.
time for @TheDemocrats to take the lead to pave the way for a better proposal, extend your hand, let @GOP reject it
It was the Democrats that forced this scam upon us. They want to break middle class and let ins.companies have a monopoly .Wake Up
That's literally what Obamacare did and you said it was great 
You've officially lost your mind 
Must be fun to live in fanstasyland where your President isn't a Treasonous Russian puppet. In reality, 22M GAINED coverage bc of the ACA
