Nah, I would rather have freedom than free stuff paid for by extracting money from others.
Freedom is being healthy and able to work
You deflected. From what dictionary does that definition originate? Words have meanings.
Sure. Some have multiple meanings You can be free to drive anywhere you want but you aren't really feee if you don't have access to a car.
See freedom of Travel is a right. It can be lost, but it is a basic right. You do not have a right to a vehicle.
One without the other is meaningless.
Not really, one is the basis of all freedoms the other is a luxury.
healthcare is complicated. That is why i am created an app that will allow citizens to review their politicians and healthcare policy
Forget #GrahamCassidy. When you combine #ConservativeCare with Donald Trump, you get the #ConsDonTCare bill. Call it that to the ballot box!
Lol good one.  I wish this was all a joke.....
@gop is addicted to koch $$ selling out 30 million  peoples healthcare for 400 mil $ from koch bros...thats why this is happening again
I sad it days ago But will they take the advice 2 stop If they push it through Trumpcare will be ousted when Dems take over Congress 2018

Why would Repubs do this?

And veterans- 1.75 million rely on #Medicaid.
And kills waterfowl.
Get over it. The ACA helped people. Sorry you had to pay a little more for your care.
You have this statement saved somewhere and just cut and paste it, right? You just say the same s*** over and over again.
Maybe because the GOP does the same stupid ass shit over and over again
I hope Karma lands on Senator Cassidy and Graham.  They are hurting the people!

Venezuela just tried this...Socialism/Communism has only one way to go...down!
Ruined Canada & Europe too, right?
Absolutely! The Muslims like Europe more then the Europeans do....
Then advocate for #MedicareForAll
Is the version of the bill before it was written in legal jargon available somewhere? Or even an in depth review of pros/cons?
Absolutely spot on!! This bill must die! There HAS to be a better way! #LTC #aged&disabled deserve protection @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC
Terrible! Un-American!
Glad we Virginians can count on two "no" votes
Are u and ur family under Obamacare system senator?
That's it Tim, let's follow Venezuela to socialist utopia! Your supporters are begging for it!
Something for everybody!
Tim why do (D) even have a say given you destroyed our healthcare?  The Cassidy/Graham is only 1st step HHS Price a former doctor tweaks it!
How did D's destroy your healthcare exactly?
And all women.
Fear mongering again? You guys are so boring and predictable. 

Free healthcare for all my precious.

The Founders Tariff Act of 1789 stipulated 2 taxes.

Import Tariffs 2 stop flooding of Slave Labor Products

Tax on Corp. PROFITS.

THATS IT
Trump wants to deport Dreamers, they have come to age to have " legal" children, and, " heaven" ( or hell) forbid! WTF?
Thank you for calling this out Honorable Sir From VA!  Keep the heat on these pricks though OK! Please! I want to see some angry Virginians!
Stop pandering ACA expanded Medicaid to people who can afford.  Many can't pay ACA deductibles so no coverage. Many jobs reduced 30 hrs
it will surely do that and much more!
Kill it Tim
"Seniors, kids, disabled..." yep, think you hit all the checkmarks.
I'm a person with a disability, I'm certifiably insane in the main vein of my membrane, some people tell me that I'm Fucked up in the head!
You, sir, have been strangely quiet. Why haven't you stepped up & provided substantial Democratic direction & leadership?
It's the 'change' THEY voted for! ! #PRAY FOR AMERICA
PLEASE STAY ON TOP OF IT,  YOU HAVE MY SUPPORT....LOYAL VOTER
Is this just about winning? This seems so irresponsible.
The mistake is Obamacare which you sneaky Democrats forced on all of us only for it to fail and criticize those trying to clean up thr mess
If only you knew what your talking about
Thank you, sir.  My granddaughter is on the spectrum. This would be devastating and sad.  I'm willing to bet her IQ is higher than Congress.
#GrahamCassidy will kill Americans, bankrupt Americans, uninsure Americans. Only the rich benefit and GOP gets campaign $ from Koch. Bad.
Thank you for your help Senator
Lie. Were they hurt before Obama Care...No
These pricks just want to screw Americans.

#SaveLinda #FixObamacare
No.  And by the way, is your son still running with Antifa?
#TimKaine2020
Don't forget they are going to kick puppies... fear monger much?
It would make the #HollywoodFL #Irma #NursingHome tragedy look tiny.  Republicans are showing how cruel they really are!  They're sick!
Simple- GIVE US THE SAME HEALTHCARE our rotten ass swamp of a government had.. fair is fair
The Dems need to do Ads about this now. No discussion of pros/cons of this bill & GOP votes w/o CBO score?  THIS IS DANGEROUSLY UNAMERICAN!
This bill is dangerous for us all as a person with pre-existing conditions I am worried constantly about what my healthcare is going to be
Stop entitlements to illegals, Medicaid fraud and wasteful  leftist programs and health care costs would fall.
@GOP is underestimating our anger ... they are making families worry who need to be fighting cancer and other illnesses
And the self-employed! #NoLifetimeCaps #NoExclusions #EssentialBenefits

#SaveACA #StopThatBill

#VoteThemOut2018
Thanks, I'm disabled and appreciate your support
Tim did you talk to people can't pay any longer ACA since it is to high? You need to look at it it may surprise you.
And women!
Always women! Lmao

@LindseyGrahamSC just wants his name on something but basically he's already signing all of our death certificates @SenJohnMcCain #SaveACA
We want the same insurance you have. No more exemptions. You shouldn't be allowed to force stuff on us and exempt yourselves! You suck
Amazing Trump speaks at UN demonizing nations for human abuses yet is behind cutting healthcare for the most vulnerable in the US.
No trump just hands it off, he doesn't read this stuff just expect to get done. Too hard to understand for him
Vote NOOOOO PLEASE !
Please, Sen Kaine, please don't let Linsey Graham get this through the Senate! We're depending on you!!
Let's try Medicare for all.
Plus, and this affects everybody even nearing 65 and over 65, it would significantly shorten the solvency of Medicare.

Please start spending more time getting #singlepayer  & less time tweeting It seems like everybody in government is tweeting and not working
How can a country that makes money complain about givin it residents somethin for free nt only healthcare but life insurance shld be free to
Old Man Mitchell says you really don't know what it is
We cannot let this pass; this is not America! We take care of vulnerable and weak in our country! GOP is cruel to consider such a thing.
CBO SCORE FIRST!
They are still at it
#pleasedontkillgrandma
Pure conjecture, FUD.
GOP position = EveryMan/Woman4Him-/Herself. 
Not Party of Lincoln.
So...pretty much everyone except Congress. Did I get that right?
The good news about this bill is it repeals the very unconstitutional mandate forcing people into a program they don't want. This is good!
I'm beginning to believe their reply to this accusation is "yeah so" How do we respond to yeah so?
We have had an 8 year "mistake".  The majority has spoken.
The GOP is being bought off by the Koch Brothers
So Sad.
It's the electoral college math of health care. Value lives of red states over blue, to protect  GOP Representatives in the 2018 mid-terms.
President Trump will not sign anything that is not in the best Interest of the American People.
Lololololololololololololololol. He'll sign anything they tell him to.
Sorry that Ass Obama is no longer the President. Turn CNN off and read more.
We have seen this before
https://www.ushmm.org/collections/bibliography/people-with-disabilities …
This@SenPatRoberts  and @JerryMoran . 
Note that @timkaine was able to comment without first checking in for the party line.
Sen. Kaine, we need the democrats to talk to the GOP and get them off this bill! Please whip the votes!!!
please don't them pass this I'll lose my house if I lose my medicaid
Wow they've really done a number on you, poor guy. 
Is it true they want this repealed so Koch brothers will donate to GOP
(202) 224-3121
Tell senators vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill & no using kids as human shields. Don't harm veterans, seniors, disabled.
It's so horrible!!! My daughter will die if the GOP take her healthcare away while she is battling stage 4 cancer!!!
So you are voting no..right? You always have the people's back..thank you!
Probably, but the current law hurts all of those groups too.  Not to mention everyone else.  What are your suggestions for REAL reform?
And make R donors very happy!
We never expected anything different from the GOP. They still want to earn their bribes from the 1% !
Guts medicaid? 7 million on it pre2008 crash, now 50 million !!! Whats wrong with THAT pic KAINE ? Unemployment at 5%
Awesome. Make it happen.
Nearly every professional healthcare org. is strongly opposed to this bill because of harm it will do to their patients, communities.
They are opposed because they will have to stop shafting their patients!
But their bill is so good we have to jam it through with mass confusing, no normal process and no CBO score. That's how good it is
GrahamCassidy is the antithesis of the expansion of the Medicare legislation passed during Senator Humphrey and House Speaker McCormack!
Is the 115th Republican Congress missing the empathy gene?How many people will be hurt by the Cassidy-Graham bill according to the CBO score
.@1choice your a liar , dust off resume. You are fired come reelection time. Hillary kaine.
Basically everyone but rich white guys...go figure
Get out of office u r useless
It also makes it unaffordable to have a child.
Get a job
Thanks, I have one.
Aw, I'll move on to the next candidate then.
Making the sick sicker and the poor poorer.
And the dumb dumber, evidently
Don't forget gut protections for pre-existing conditions....
And taints the waterways. Also screws up traffic signal lights.
Thank you for fighting for the "little people"!!
THE GOP DONT CARE
Sounds like Antifa
It's an act of terrorism on US soil by the Republican Party.
Here's what is controlling the Republican terrorists:
