Yes.. I'm saddened by it. We could've had an intelligent dedicated woman in our midst and a lot more admiration and respect fm our allies.
Wait? Russia is our "adversary?" Huh? So Killary deals weapon grade materials to our adversary and that's ok? Two faced!
A proud American who served his country while you were whining and whacking off
what exactly makes Russia an US adversary anyways? evidently they think the american people deserve to know when they are being cheated.
"What exactly makes Russia an US adversary" ha e you been asleep for the last 30 years?
a citation would be nice.
A citation for what? The last 30 years? Or we can just roll a history book back to the Cold War.
how about any reason that supports your claim besides superfluous conjecture? u know.. events that make your point, what did the Russians do
Might I add that the US is playing out, almost to the T, the same way Ukraine did. Russian croney as pres lead to mass protests and unrest
um.. no. and Crimea voted to join Russia.. i know Hillary supporters dont really understand voting, so that might be why youre confused, but
Add that to armed servicemen at polling places, and oh yea you've got the perfect democracy there. Here's your votecard, NVM this AK47.
You're a fraud- you said nothing when obama openly dismissed and ignored US allies and worked against them but balk at shared intel
Yeah, no confidence all right, like the RED CARPET rolled out for THE PRESIDENT this week"  "O" NEVER got that! They had no respect for him!
así es es verdad es preocupante
That's the result of this clown  presidency.
wcg50 prove what you are saying or shut up Loser
Wrong, they lost confidence under obama, another lie and fake news!
Which ones Timmy? Everybody saying it's business as usual
So sad so wrong !
Very troubling?  Is that all you've got?  Sorry, but platitudes are not going to save this nation.  @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan, wake up!
What is troubling is that we have a lunatic as POTUS and congress does nothing!
What is Congress waiting for Tim? He's nuts, can he try any harder to prove it?
You can't stand by anymore, take action, IMPEACH!
Trump has severe narcissistic personality disorder. Get him a psychiatrist or get him out of office. He will never learn.
#Impeach #LockHimUp
I often wonder where WTP be today had you & HC won. My guess is we'd be happy, free college, have ins & worst news would be "Cosby Gate" 
It's passed time to begin talking about getting rid of him. Get the process started, please, and do it in earnest before he gets us killed.
Do you mean the same classified Intel about laptop bombs that was in the news a month ago? Nice try. #fakenews
Lock him up!
Crooked Donald!
Where are the facts, you are acting like teenager basing stuff on hearsay
Please move beyond being disturbed about this and DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!  Is the President a foreign agent of Russia?  We need to know.
being.99% of my Facebook friends are American. I need to see a ENT Doc in the states.Thank you sir for taking time to read my mail
a medical doctor,but was denied visa twice.i have doctor report to that effect.My inability to hear well is affecting my well
Trump = resurgence of 19th c. "know-nothings." Doesn't listen, impulsive in his speaking. Sad that we glorify incompetence.
Good afternoon Sir.I write to seek for your kind assistance.i'm a young Nigerian man of 42 yrs old . I applied for US visa to see
@vabeachbuzz Who is the aggressor Lets take all the $ we give other countries and bring r troops home to pay for education & infrastructure
The only ones that have lost their confidence is you Tim Kaine and your crony friends Pelosi Schumer Warren and a few more
Tim I agree but also troubling is personal servers with classified docs and intelligence Community leaks
#YoureRuiningAmerica
did you know when you stepped down from DNC chair and nominated DWS that hillary would chose you for a running mate? was that the deal?
I am a big supporter of yours, but I am ALL DONE with talk and ready for some action...NOW.
Fake news. It's the classified leaks and the willingness of the media to report them, true or not.
almost as bad as when one of our major parties rigs an election and kills a patriot to make a point to whistle blowers #SethRichMurder
Yes it is highly troubling as well as the fact GOP let's it continue.Can't they get their tax cuts etc, with Pence? Oh not country but seat.
Senator Kaine! Wanna know what's 'troubling'? You and Hillary. Have you heard of Seth Rich? Good luck.
zip 22308 i told my reps in Finland not to share info w/USA, 50/50 dual citizen by birth in finnish reserves as are all conscript age males
i mean leaks to Russia, if i end up in war nothing more likely than in Finland defending against Russia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think we passed "very troubling" several crises ago
you think Israel prefers this or Obama funding terrorist organizations
Please do what you can to remove him from Office - I don't want WWIII....
Sry 4 disrespect but SHUT UP AND DO SOMETHING! 
This is not why I served in the army and why my wife still serving just to give our democracy over the Russians
But it looks like 45 has new stooge to front for him in Sen J. Risch. 45 gave classified info to russians + they put it on news.
Don't forget, Democrats don't support Israel.
There is an absolute parallel between radical islamics and left-leaning socialist they cannot handle any people not agreeing with them
if leaking Intel are the worst fears y'all are more optimistic than USA residents
I can't afford doctors
I think we need more than "troubling," Senator. Hearing a lot of that.
This is exactly what you said would happen during the campaign trail I'm behind you Tim Kaine
Do we not mind if Russia takes out a shitload of ISIS terrorists with intel provided by who the fuck cares?
Troubling?  TROUBLING? Did you and McConnell have lunch and have a meeting of the minds?  This isn't *troubling*, its freaking crisis.
"(You're) a bad president; please resign" - Stephen Colbert
I am more concerned over @HillaryClinton and Huma Abedin and what they have happily handed over to our enemies.For money Im sure
Are you serious she didn't  anything over to any of her enemies I guess you can't fix stupid right
This should be treason correct? When are the congress and senate going to do something quit complain and do something
It's actually not treason trust me I wish it was but the president of the United States can unclassified anything you want at anytime
Trump: Sad!
RUSSIA IS OUR FRIEND PUTIN LOVES OUR ELECTED PRESIDENT
Breaking down defense with in Russia getting good better take notes
More than troubling!
Is your son still in jail Timmy?
Released with no charges. But, thanks for playing.
They won't do anything until a terror attack due to us not being warned. That's how little they care @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
You quote buzzfeed you disingenuous fraud
r u sad, tim?

You have a case of fake outrage
