But we do at the moment
Except...we are thriving. ISIS on the run, stock market at an all time high, and unemployment at its lowest in 17 years. #fakenews #MAGA
Touché John McCain.
that's why you& little John lost in elections for leadership, keep putting your foot in your mouth !
Trump must be stopped!
. I'm old enough to remember when John McCain supported djt for president. We knew what he was like then.
I think McCain's speech proves he should step down and concentrate on getting the best medical care. He is not thinking rationally.
Senator John McCain an American Hero, a decent man with strong moral backbone. Can't say the same for draft dodger, coward,pervert TRUMP.
Right on John; I honor you for your service and to tell it like it is. My blessings to you and your family.
Thanks for your Service and GOD HOLD YOU IN THE PALM OF HIS HAND
So glad we have great leadership in President Trump!!!! #MAGA
@AnnHarris29 @SenJohnMcCain @TIME   Oh John. If only you picked ANYONE but Sarah Palin, what a different world this would be.
So true!
At least someone on that party line has a brain.
A cancerous brain however.
And that makes him less of a man? must be a Trump bot. How’s Russia?
Russia is great thanks to them they have Obama and Hillary created ISIS on the run.
This is why mental health matters.
You are very correct, liberalism is a disease.
I voted republican once. So you can stop with your fake ass news.
Once I agree.
How do we "compromise" with this....?
Give me break! John railed on Obamacare yet couldn't get over his hurt feelings to repeal. He's no hero just vengeful man.
Thank you Senator McCain, even though you've been threatened by a bully.
Lol...everyone thinks @SenJohnMcCain isnt talking about them
@realDonaldTrump will never be the caliber of a true American Hero as @JohnMcCain
The US is dying every day under Trump.
Senator, everyone knows what must be done to restore, sanity, ethics, integrity & responsibility to positions of public trust.
Though I don’t always agree with John McCains political views I do think he’s a very decent man!
Like his brain
Oh John if u hadn't lied about ur poa story &caused the worst Naval fire in history! What a two faced lying hypocrite u turned out to be! 
Tim you should run for President
Leadership isn’t absent anymore Timmy now that worthless waist of human debris Barack is gone! America is back!
No surprise that you would back this Unamerican, who doesn't believe in our constitution, beliefs and guns.
Kennedy would have said that...
And yet he will back Trump’s budget.
They aren’t absent. They went with you when you lost!
Seconded.
Definitely two of a kind derive they income from you & I just getting up in the morning doesn't cut it
A true patriot and an exemplary leader 
and that is the opposite of this nationalist movement. So sad people fell for this philosophy that will destroy our country.
So why are the two of you still in Congress?
John McCain is a disgrace, it’s his felony criminal war in Syria & along with Graham in Ukraine!
Once a hero, will always heroes...
How did the NEOCON ideas of Crazy John work out in Iraq, Libya, Syria. We need good ideas. @RTDNEWS @kerrydougherty America First!
I admire Senator McCain.
I used to
Yep, you lost.
congrats on this honor. Keep fighting for this country and its citizens we are a democracy semper fi
No we won’t ALL thrive. People pretending to lead us will sit in their ivory towers on golden toilets & tell us we brought it upon ourselves
#ThatsLeadership
@SenJohnMcCain wonderful speech last night.  You are truly deserving of this award.
A true statesman.  What a contrast to you know who in the WH.
Sadly, most of his R Senate colleagues seem content to let the current president lie, defame, and disrupt rather than hold him accountable.
Guess that means we won’t be thriving for a while now.
Bingo
An American hero
Which is exactly why we’re not thriving right now.
Start #impeachment NOW. Trumps speech at the Values conf is in violation of the 1st amendment: no religion favored by US govt.
God Hates You
'go Johnny go go go, Johnny B Good!' Trumps a basher & a thrasher he's a midnight thrasher!'
correct that's why both of you lost a election ! Widdershins &,snaffle will not justifie your failures
Blessed be

John McCaine is telling America    where he's at and what his legacy will be and he is not mincing or parsing his words. 
He’s a total fraud. A failure and traitor.  He needs yo go.
Love how the Dems. hated his guts 9 yrs. ago. Now that he bucks DJT and the Rep. Party, he's now a hero and a saint #moreliberalhypocracy
Why don’t you and john go for a long walk in the arizona desert and never come back
Nice speech. Can we stop talking now & get to ACTIONS ??? Please Please PLEASE?
Our Hero, John McCain!  He always does what is right.
Please save us from @realDonaldTrump who is neither a leader nor a possessor of ideals. Congress must act NOW
Joining the Rpubs so hateful and dishonest
Amen, indeed.
No one has earned  this honor more than John McCain.His speech was sincere, passionate and honest.Heartfelt love for this Country is clear.
Amen!
President Truman warned R penchant for money before honor is the biggest risk 2 R democracy.
Can't believe megan is his daughter. She vile disgusting. Oh my the pussy grabber going down.ne.u need 2 b concerned with corrupt trump
Great speech battle. Hooah!!
Nice to see respect
@realDonaldTrump @SenMajLdr @SpeakerRyan you are all absent leaders.
We tried McCain’s ideals and leadership in the past in the form of Bush43 and how did that go? Two failed wars, thousands dead and much debt
Help these folks please please help them... leadership and ideals seem to be absent in our own country... horrifying
Puerto Rico’s Sec. of State, Luis Rivera Marín recorded this video, in a dumpster, showing what he says is mishandled aid in Patillas, PR 

“It was a negligent and for me criminal” insists Puerto Rico’s @LuisRiveraMarin who says he found hurricane donations exposed to rain & rats 
I don’t agree with his policies but I honor his service, morals and leadership
seriously why hillary clinton is one of the winners of this award, makes me feel it's something nonsensical
Why was .@GOP ok w @SpeakerRyan delaying Russian Sanctions bill weeks after unanimous Senate consent? #TrumpRussia
Crooks
Our Country, Natl Security & Lives in jeopardy b/c compromised .@GOP Congress refuses to ACT on OATHS! Trump must be removed. #Nullify2016
Greatest Prrsident of our time.
Leave off the "amen" & Im all w/ya
.
.
.has everyone forgotten a/b separation of church &state
.
.
.
.
Seriously 
Who are we anymore?
He John, You are not a hero. You are a deceiver and a profiteering war merchant. You are a Traitor and should be treated as such! Pray!
When you are "amen'ing" @SenJohnMcCain, I know he's gone to the dark side.
Exactly! That's why it's nice to finally have a @POTUS that has great leadership and an ideology of "We the People" in America come first.
Why did @JoeBiden not put the medal on his neck or even show it? @SenJohnMcCain visited patients mostly when they were unconscious?
Thank you for standing up for America!
So true
America is the only nation out of 195 Nations on planet earththat operates by the Rule of Law JQA would indeed agree https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=EZFr4VLPW9Q …
Both haters are jealous everytime @POTUS succeeds....
Ohhhh Timmy is praising Johnny, swamp rats that need to go
We will not thrive in a Socialist world created by the Dem agenda. We will stay free of choice!
Please SOMEBODY start impeachment. Please. For the good of all of us on this planet.
Now we have the devil.SAD
A well deserved award.
Well said and so true!

It’s too bad he consistently voted for incompetent cabinet picks and lied repeatedly about the ACA with his healthcare martyr routine.
Libtards don't have ideals, i.e. Harvey Weinstein.
You mean like colluding with foreign entities to come up with a Fake dossiers. We know McCain is faking his brain cancer.
Tim, what are you going to do?  The American people will support you.  Let us know how we can help you.
Wisdom in action.
SO much respect for this man!
