2/She's x military and registered Dem. It's only one story, but there are more out there.
Interstate Crosscheck has suppressed 7.2 million mostly minority voters for a long time. Do the Democrats have a clue?
You're hiding something Senator!
He's protecting our privacy you dolt
Bullshit!
There far more evidence of voter fraud than voter suppression! Let's see the numbers and the study/investigation!
NO ONE can *guarantee* the safety of digital data. That commission shouldn't have it all centralized and thus "low hanging fruit."
If that is your worry it's a simple process go back to old ways of voting.. have finger prints and photo as requirement to vote
suppression?? like this  UN HRC 1618 https://youtu.be/leYPbYFKU48  #Treason #democratsagainstfreedomofspeech
 #Democratsagainst1amendment
Democrats are afraid their election fraud will be discovered. Why werent dems concerned when obama admin spied on americans?
Why are you worried about voter suppression, according to Dems Hillbillary had more numbers. Just in the wrong places.
WHAT DO YOU ALL HAVE TO HIDE?  DEAD BODIES ABLE TO VOTE OR MULTIPLE VOTINGS BY SINGLE PERSON?  If you have nothing to hide, show them.
1/City of Chesapeake 'lost' my daughter's voter registration in the last election, even though she brought her card with her.
Yes, Thank you.  Please, so many weird stories of voter suppression.
Let the people decide. Would not give WH voting history ever. They have fascist motives. Get revenge.
Yes, fascism is alive & well in this "democratic" republic. Scary.
Another member of the land of misfit toys
Not a toy or a misfit.  U obviously don't know either conversation or debate.  Not about stupidity
Democratic Party is made up of nothing but misfit toys.
Do you have ANYTHING of substance of value to say, or do u just like taking up space?
Nice. Bye.
That makes no sense getting voter info can suppress the vote.
Illegal and dead voters NEED to be suppressed! It's the Democrats who have attempted to undermine this democracy by corruption & fraud.
Well that should be very interesting since they have no clue. The website they wanted the voter info uploaded to wasn't even secure.

@Timkaine pls stand up to Pence and Kobach.  They are falsely accusing many citizens of "double voting," when they did no such thing.
BS Voter suppression is more Fake news.Democrats want to allow illegal aliens to vote.  Makes up a large part of its base.Not fooling anyone
BS.  You do not know what Democrats think. We want every legal  voter voting.  Period.  That's it. Even you.
YOU OBVIOUSLY HAVE SOMETHING TO HIDE-ILLEGAL ALIENS VOTING PERHAPS?

The timing of this "voter integrity" panel and now the cyber security co-op with Russia is not only synchronistic but alarming as well.
Don't worry,Dems will get those extra votes from one state over..business as usual
They can't answer that. That is the reason for the request. He thinks ppl are stupid.
He's projecting again!
You need all the illegal voters or you wouldn't be Senator in the first place. What are you hiding now?????
Actually it's so they will know that only people that have the right to vote did. Next!
How will they guarantee Putin doesn't get this info?
No suppression. Just weeding out dead people and all the illegals. What are you afraid of? 10% less democrat votes. At least 10%
As a Catholic, you should defend the TRUTH that every legal US citizen can vote. Everyone can have an ID card.  YOU stir up racial conflict!
McAuliffe, aka Bloomberg/Clinton puppet, ignored VA law on voting rights for felons. He suppressed Will of the People by manufacturing votes
It's common knowledge that illegals register & vote in VA. and that people from MD vote in VA. Dems are hiding election theft.
Voter suppression is more Fake news.  Democrats want to allow illegal aliens to vote.  Makes up a large part of its base. Not fooling anyone
Thank you !! #gladiminvirginia
please help us
You encourage voter suppression by avoiding accurate voter records.  If one person votes that shouldn't you disenfranchise legitimate voters
Why not just refuse? You know exactly what they're up to.  Just say no!
Tim Kaine know with out a doubt Trump won popular vote. Over five million illegals voted. Now it's voter suppression theirs worried about 
Thank You SO MUCH, Tim!  #resist #persist.  !!!
Tim Tim kaine just another commie trader. Big hater of America and Americans. Backed a criminal for president. Wanted VP to crooked Clinton
Illegals voting is suppression. Obama said no way anyone could vote illegally. No voter fraud . Let them audit to prove Dems are correct 
Wish you were our VP, instead of this guy.
sound like if he presents well in type you guys will capitulate. This is a made up commission. #DontPlayAlong ffs
if they really care they'd do some forensics & fraud checks on voting machines. Why do Dems roll over? ALWAYS! STOP!

Go away Kaine
Their is people who do fraud and vote in more than one state because no one removed their right to vote from the state they moved out of
The same way you can guarantee there is no voter fraud in Virginia!
They need to do a complete investigation of voter fraud and illegal aliens voting.
When do you investigate illegal voting?
Thank you Senator. This President is untrustworthy. "Captured and exploited in political campaigns"
Putin and Russia haven't yet decided how all that #voting info will work in Cyber Committee Investigation. Guaranteed completed by 2018
Demand your son gets help. Antifa is terrorist org
Dear Sen. Kaine, @Greg_Palast is reporting that VA already forwarded voter info to Kobach. Can you find out why they claim resistance? Thx!
Voter suppression has always helped Republicans! Why?
And, how will they keep all the information safe, when on WH servers?
Rhank you, Senator.
Only to suppress illegals and the departed. Both of which are rumored to have turned out for you, and your partner in crime, in droves.
U were happy when Jill Stein got recounts in PA, WI and MI. Also do not recall u protesting when Obama weaponized IRS against conservatives.
Can we do something as well about "big money" in campaigns?  Really need to shut down SuperPACS and PACS.
Thank You, Senators!  This commission and Session's letter are just the beginning of the GOP's attempts at voter suppression.
are you afraid of vote results if ILLEGALS and dead people can't vote for your party?  you are just a sore loser, party of thugs!
How did you insure your States 

election results were correct?

How about Amy's?
Our personal and voting information should never go to this corrupt commission to even take the chance of being tampered with or stolen.
Why r u sending a letter to these liars?They aren't trustful at all. This Admon.is the worst!We the ppl.don't want any info.given to them.
lol that's hilarious considering you and HRC won a rigged election against #BankFraudBernie
Thank You, sir!
Thank you
Come on..it is all abt making sure only the "right" people vote. Racism
 the thought of you demanding anything is hilarious....Clown!
You are alot  funnier! Shameful!
They may give you a guarantee, but they will change their mind siting other reasons.  This is how much trust we have for them.
You go, Senator!
Excellent question.. Kobach history is alarming
Shit head, how can you guarantee that your voter rolls have integrity, especially when you can vote in DC, Maryland, and VA
Kaine..............the govt oppresses us thru taxes http://etc.you  are all guilty
Thank you Sen. Kaine. Sincerely.
Thank you Senator! You make me proud to be a Virginian.
Go Senator Klobuchar!  It was great seeing you in Duluth on the 4th!
According to Weekly Standard article anyone can purchase this same data.  What is your issue?
The GOP wants to purge voters list of everyone that isn't a white Reublican.
Are you high?  Where did you hear that from Susan.
Kobach found 12 fraudulent votes in Kansas, most were Kansans who were registered in two places due to owning property.  Very impressive.
12 impressive? Seriously?  U don't even know who they voted 4!
Moot. Aren't pretty much all the states refusing to comply?
I hope so! Why is WH entitled to such sensitive info? Not
It's going to take literally billions of dollars to save our democracy. Where will they come from? /2
4th amen privacy rights I'm 4 & d certn nat. Dem whom didn't adhere 2 IL or fed law & did "political eviction" on me #Weareanationoflaws
Could U type English instead of gibberish, please? can't understand  u
But what are you going to do about this? http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/news/a56180/voter-purge-team-bush-justice-department/ … Or this? http://www.danablankenhorn.com/2017/07/the-jim-crow-project-.html … /1
What info can you give me on whether my SS# was given ?
Glad that my senator is standing up to @realDonaldTrump voter suppression efforts. Little boy can't handle popular vote loss and we will pay
Thought our votes were confidential and not discoverable by the government?
can you explain how reading data suppresses votes? it seems that logic needs to be explained first
.what are you afraid of that Trump also won the popular vote or that the polling places are in the tank for DemoRATS
You are high Timmy, take a nap and sober up
Be civil. Meanness doesn't help your country or you. Unless you simply don't care & you're just  a bully
