So why do we celebrate Independence Day on July 4?
July 4 was the day the Declaration text was finalized & went to the printer to be published & distributed to the world
And that's the power of the press! A check against tyranny. But, in 2017, some still don't appreciate it
3 resigned from CNN after making shit. The meme is justified
I'm glad it rained today. At least I don't have to worry about all the neighbors' illegal fireworks setting my house or trees on fire.
I agree.... I love it when it's raining

"It Is the End of CNN"

#CNNBlackmail 
July 2 does at least for me! Happy bday me lol
@FoxNews @realDonaldTrump WAIT TIM WHO?????
Senator Tim Kaine who has been fighting daily that millions of Americans don't lose their healthcare.

If today, we would never have a Declaration because today's leaders bicker more against each other than work for a common cause, like Kaine!
A free press is the cornerstone of our democracy!
It does to those of us that have studied the history of America and constitution.
Here in DC for the holiday.  Amazing to know Jefferson and John Adams both died on July 4, 1826.  True patriots
Both founding fathers died of natural causes on the 50th anniversary of the Decl. of Independence - one of history's stranger coincidences.
Did you come up with that by yourself? Colonials declare independence against the British empire and you're amazed that's remembered? #MAGA
Until 45 became president...
And yes it does Senator
Well, July 2nd actually happens on a yearly basis...not bad!! Lol
Well, he never could have anticipated Donald Trump.
It does live on forever, it just isn't a holiday.  
Lets hope the prediction is correct. This is a great Country  #Happy #4thOfJuly2017
MAYBE you need to declare a declaration of silence
And it makes you angry every day that we are succeeding as a nation, doesn't it?
Yes, thankful for enduring Independence & the Freedoms allowing opposing views 2b voiced here. God bless America. 
Yes but the Declaration was not finalized until later and then John Adams and Thomas Jefferson both died on a July 4th the same year as each
I thought it was finished on the 2nd but not approved until July 4th.
thank you for all that you do, listening,visiting,and making our voices heard. America needs you. I need you! Keep going!
Thanks for that #TimelyTrivia!
Unless frauds like you get into power- then it dies like the US was under obama.
Our forefathers are spinning in their graves. Spinning and angry.
Thank you Senator @timkaine for your service and for sticking faithfully to the great American principles
#25thAdmendmentNow !
Until trumplethinskin was elected by Russia .
I'm a fan of  Cheetos Voldemort but trumplethinskin is good
#25thAmendmentNOW!
This is all nice and true but we have an illegitimate president that has set the bar so low especially yesterday. Not funny or normal.
I posted on FB yesterday about this...or August 2. Linked it to http://archives.gov  :)
Amen. We all must stand together.
Hard to celebrate with a traitor in the whitehouse and a few @Gop
I'm not feeling celebration either. Russia invades the white house. Happy fourth. And thank you Sen Kaine for serving us. What a concept
Despite the best efforts of the left...
Forever. Or at least until January 20, 2017.
"It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide." John Adams
They couldn't count on. 45 like we have
And you and your ilk are driving that dream to die.
THE ROLE OF THE QUR'AN AND CONSTITUTION OF MEDINA ON THIS DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE?

ISLAM IN NORTH AMERICA
And then came @realDonaldTrump to destroy it all
I believe he is rolling in his grave.
Actually it was adopted on July 4, 1776!

If was approved by 12 of 13 colonies on July 2, 1776!

It was finally signed August 2, 1776.
Thank you! At least someone in Washington can tweet without being disrespectful to "We the People" & 1st Amendment 
What the Declaration of Ind?? Asking for a friend...
Too late now. It's hard to change long time traditions!
Are there enough sane honest people left in our government to make sure this happens? It's time once again to step up for America.
No
Just resign already
John Adams and no other human should ever make predictions,they're not God right.
Ever hear the term "effective date"? I believe it's used legally at times
When was health care amended into it?

The aptness of this as a metaphor for the AHCA is incomparable.
How about you sponsee a bill for term limits?  Pelosi and McConnell dynasties are terrible for America. Thoughts Senator?
Kind of like when Obama signed the ACA.
Yes!!
in spite of folks like you!



You should try to read it some day Timmy
