I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. It does! A great Bill. Repeal & Replace.
Healthcare is much too complicated for Trump.  *Sigh.
Trump is a liar,,,
The fact that this is for some stupid "win", GOP obsession with Obama's legacy, an 13-18% approv, this is a "screw you" to American public
Why is every bill they propose worse than the last?
Because money
Right on, Senator!
Stop lying Kaine.That decision would be left to each state, with a pool of money for pre existing. If you can't be honest, then stop talking
That's why when directly asked about pre-existing conditions Republicans can't answer a simple question with a yes or no. They are lying!
It's NOT lying. Each state will make their own decision. Can't answer ahead of each state's decision.
Oh like ACA was a guarantee? Guaranteed that people I know would no longer have any insurance. All you really want is socialism.
You are f-info crazy. 17 million people gain health care under Obama Care. Don't keep on firing stupid lies in my direction.
Google it. I've never seen anything that says 17 million EVER used ACA. They push it to maybe 11. Still don't get why you support it.
This from DOTARD tRUMP WHO CANNOT READ NOR WROTE HIS OWN BOOK.
I am a doctor who opposes #GrahamCassidy as a bill that will hurt my patients and my family
Keep lying Tim

Not a real coverage because the insurance companies can charge those with pre existing conditions ANY AMOUNT monthly.
@POTUS Trump have someone either read the bill or interpret it truthfully for you. You would then be able to tweet and not sound foolish..

Because I preexist I will B the ones that die NONE of these R for pain or mood elevated drugs Just a day in the life 
Have you read the bill? Dems typically don't like to read bills
@realDonaldTrump is a LIAR. NO on Cassidy-Graham!
Why are you afraid to use the word "liar", Senator?
Virginia gets to make its own decisions and gets more Federal money.  Why is the bad?  The only losers are those who lose control in DC.
Fed doesn't want reasonable hc, let 'em pay funeral & living expenses for families of those who die from this plan. Die-in on WH lawn.
He is such a LIAR
Tim, keep fighting for us
Liar
Do they track their MRI xrays accross the country ?
Are you saying they charge 3 times what they should  for MRI costs ?
Oh but I hope those bone spurs "return."
Let's define affordable. Affordable as in student loans? lol
Graham-Cassidy allows insurers to NOT cover:
-Pregnancy
-Newborn care
-Mental health services
-Prescription drugs
-Rehab
-Birth control

There are 2 falsohoods here. 1. This bill covers pre-existing conditions. 2. Trump would sign it regardless.

Donald, read the Bill!! !!
And insurance companies
tRump lie?!? The guy who says anything to get what he wants?!? The failing president lie?!? Farce who lies more than anyone on earth?!?
Oh Tim, you typical liberal democrat. When you have nothing constructive to say, you resort to insults and lies.
Thank you for opposing this horrible bill.
I bet the President has NO IDEA what's in that bill!!
Thank you Senator!
Dont try to Debate a Goper, 
" There Insane in the Membrane, 
Insane in the Brain! 
Those G.D.M.F.'s ...
DON'T GOT NO BRAINS!
Full repeal!!
So do i and I. WIll not sit by and allow trump let me die.
The clown in the WH and his miscreants totally ignore the bill allows insurers to charge much higher premiums for preexisting conditions.
Thank you Senator from our great state of Virginia
Don't listen to @realDonaldTrump he has no clue what's buried in that bill!!! Old bait and switch!!!
@realDonaldTrump From what I have seen, everything will be left up to the states, so if you're in a red state, don't get sick!
@realDonaldTrump Despicable lie abt Graham Cassidy Deathcare plan? Stealing ACA funds to steal Americans hc, Medicaid. Smoke & mirror $deals
Lies, lies and more bald faced lies from #$%!!
#LIAR There is language within all the crap saying States can choose 2change lt #WorstPresident #WorstAdministration #WorstHealthCare
Tim is the Man of the People! Jesuit raised from the heartland Kansas City!
Sen Tim also EXEMPTING HIMSELF HIS STAFFERS FROM ALL FREE SENATE BENEFITS
Sen Tim was taught: "A Man For Others" this is why Tim will do the right thing walk in Jesus's footsteps like the POOR HE REPRESENTS BLESS U
Sen Tim cares and Sen Tim will exempt himself from Obama exemption for all Congress and go on "ACA" exchange! Ty Tim being man of the people
Senator, as an elected Representative your job is to read, evaluate & negotiate legislation - not kick it to constituents. #FireLazyKaine
TERRIBLE bill! Trump & #GOP MUST be FORCED  2 be on their "hlthcare bill" if it passes! How it works if get ill or injured in another state?
I doubt #POTUS has even read it.
Not unless they disguised it as a People magazine and put his photo on the cover.
Thank you for some basic and sensical advice
It's obvious from the comments below from your bottom feeding supporters they are in favor of Ocare if everyone else pays for it???
Coverage - is not coverage if it is ransom priced.
AKA - a lie!
Yell it to traitor slanders. You didnt need my help when you paid him to harass me. Hes your daddy now, not me
Thanks for clearing THAT up!
Thank you @timkaine 

Not only will it harm our patients but it will harm our hospitals as well. Hospitals suffered terribly pre-ACA.
People think Doctors, they think wealth. Forgetting that hospitals quickly become underfunded when insured rates are low.
Preventative care doesn't exist in the world of the uninsured which harms patients and increases health care cost.
People too oft forget that many docs come out of school w huge student loan debts to pay off. They are docs to help people, not get rich.
What about those that do support it? Also, why won't you answer the question about where in the Constitution can you do this?
Abso friggin lutely!  If it's that good Congress must set the example and fall under it too!
Now TIM.  What you are saying here is that prez is lying.  What have you been smoking?  He never lies. Ever. Ok only when he is in Nambia.
Hahahaha you are so not funny or clever - but please advocate pot so everyone can be pedestrian with you
@realDonaldTrump I don't want either plan! All I have to do is look at places where socialized medicine is. Control money = make decisions.
What's one more lie to throw on the shitpile of your presidency.
Orange Man, you should have someone read the bill to you.. Hopefully that might help....
Oh you are so clever little sheep with your nonsensical names ... I bet you qualify for @GovernorVA free lunch program!
Can we sue the senators who will vote for this bill if someone died because of it?
Why should we pay for your health care when your taking ours away. I bet you won't lose any pre existing health care.
Senator Graham so disappointed in you. If bill passes I'll be sending my bill to you. Will all senators pre existing conditions be covered
Lie
@realDonaldTrump is oblivious to everyone. He has no soul! Empty heart that only endures by his delusional ego.
@realDonaldTrump have some man-splain the bill to you. Try hard to understand its nuances. Show that America First includes its citizens
Trump is an incessant and pathological liar. Why would anyone with any working brain synapses believe anything he says?
#GRIFTER #POS #No #One #Wants #GOP #Death #Care
Like @realDonaldTrump is honest and truthful... I don't believe him. #noGrahamCassidy
Send Kaine ..the forecast is that Virginia will benefit overall from the new GOP bill.what the hell r u bitching about.were r your loyalties
Again @realDonaldTrump READ THE BILL
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi ...So who wants to be the one to tell him?  Ro-Sham-Bo?  Best out of 3?
@realDonaldTrump lies constantly and pathologically!   He needs 24/7 fact checkers on twitter and MSM.
You're a Lyin' sack o' shit!
Went to the wrong person. It was meant to be a retweet to that lyin' SOB in the WH.
If pussy grabber said it, you know it's a lie.
Hey it's your story so tell it however you want
GOP = GREED OVER PEOPLE...they are heartless and couldn't care less about the non-billionaire working class!

Is true, unless you are referring to abortions as treatment for that pesky pre existing pregnancy.
