We should open a refugee center next to ur house .
All dems n libs have is hate n devide n try to crush Trump n make Usa a Big corrupted Police State like Venezuela Dems party soon gone Adios
@tim Kaine liar an wrong as usual.
No doubt? 9th circuit that ruled were all Obama appointees. Cite a tweet rather than what's in the EO.
Tweets are official statements. Maybe the orange meat goblin should stop shooting himself in the foot.
Or maybe you should just gobble the meat?
Did you cry like a sissy during Obama's travel ban? You libturds need to give it up!
As a Virginian I support the POTUS and sticking your head in the sand is exactly what is happening in Europe.
Yer a liar . Liar@Tim Kaine liar .
You want another Orlando shooting that's why, you hate America and don't want it  to be safe here
Interesting idea as the Orlando shooter was born in New York...
His ideas weren't from New York
Yes Timmy the 9th circuit is the most reversed of all and what will this prove
No it's not.  Please research more before posting.
you are correct the 6th has taken the lead but don't worry you jihad lover the 9th will regain the crown!
Insult attempt aside, I would applaud SCOTUS hearing the case and deciding.  I'm not so partisan as to put party before country.
the fact is the president has authority to ban the entry of any group if it is in his mind to protect. Nazis Isis Islami
And thanks to the Constitution, the courts have the right to review those decisions.
not really where the authority is statutory. It is pretty clear. The court can't ban medical malpractice suit either!
Actually he violated the immigration and nationality act of 1965.  The statutory powers you refer are much more limited in scope.
Why not put the ban on for 90 days to give TSA to tighten the vetting. So, the bad people will not get in. Of, course it will make us safer!
You're a fraud and liar, just like the 9th- nothing but progressive political garbage
religious freedom people! Statistically refugees commit less crimes than citizens, but that is science & trumpets don't understand #resist
If you love them so much leave the U.S. and go live with them and see how that works out for you
I do NOT applaud it. The ban should be implemented and is in our best interest.
Thx for show u what a dumass u are n your son is a crazy Antifa your debate with VP Pence was fun n your hate on Usa on Trump Dems=Left
The only thing that will make us safer is us - our behavior and attitudes toward others. People hate us - we need to ask why.
So, any bets on how long it's going to take Trump to tweet insults at the courts/judge/ruling?
Won't be long, he has the Supreme Court now. So he can get this overturned.  He didn't have Gorsuch yet back then
Supreme Court might not even take up this matter
Tim Kaine and his supporters are still butt hurt from last Nov's loss
He's one of my senators. I agree with his politics. Why is everything with Trump supporters about the election?
Wrong. Losers from last year's election won't let it go
It wasn't discriminatory when Obama did it.
Obama banned one country for a specific incident.   This doesn't even ban the countries that have committed terror in the US.
It's a seditious conspiracy collusion to obstruct a sitting presidents constitutional authority
Yes .   Care for the poor downtrodened, children & poor.  Also if there r cuts start at top feed & House poor and çhildren
Trump is the wall. @realDonaldTrump
How do you know it won't make us safer?
He would lol.
Just thanking God that you and Hillary were NOT elected. #TrumpWon #GetOverIt #TDS
No kidding! I have watched this clown since the election and all he does is run his mouth!
Kaine 2020!!
YES!  For burger flipper at your local Mickey D's.
No one has any idea what you're talking about. Apparently including you. Dopey, apolitical response. Think first, THEN tweet.
Yeah because a couple of judges intimately understand the tactical threats against America. You sound dumber by the second
Let's see if Timmy has an answer.
President Trump move on. Live up to your promise to remove the bankrupcy exclusion provision from student college loans now...
Now do something about @POTUS instead of talking about it.
He had his chance to do something and lost in November!! Now he just lays around licking his womb! Ahhh I mean wound, oh wait!?!?
I decry their decision as being about sentiment and emotion versus logic and reason. Look at the world. We need the ban. It's been done b4!
WE DON'T NEED A BAN....IF YOU FEEL SO UNSAFE GO TO ANOTHER COUNTRY
People have no confidence in your ability to discern threats from fantasy. That is why you Are largely irrelevant and your stock is falling.
Obama banned one country for a specific incident for a specific length of time.
Too bad you were not in the Nightclub or San Berno to feel Sharia Love! You need a wake up call!
Why do Democrats put politics ahead of national security, economic growth, and constitutional law?
Sir we are in crisis 
@TheDemocrats @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @demo
We need you to stand 2 protect us 
We need you 2 DEMAND #ImpeachTrump
 #resist
How's it different from the ban from the last administration?
Obama banned one country for a specific incident for a specific length of time.  This is a blanket ban for no specific reason
I want to be safer from Trump, not muslims
Old Man Mitchell thinks it's no surprise. @m16a172 @kmjay91 @Bonanox2
9th circuit decisions prove nothing!
The supreme court will crush that decision and then all liberal judges will be next!!!!!
I wish this country had a High let's say Supreme Court where unconstitutional decisions could be overturned in favor of constitutional ones.
Stupid house them then
9th Circuit is shamefully the the most overturned court in the country. Would be surprised if they went along with anything #trump did.
Supremes should have the last say!
#SCOTUS
When something happens and it will, you pukes can take credit where credit is due.
Says the proud daddy of a soon-to-be-convict son
You libtards will never understand until one of these friendly Muslims takes away someone you love. Just like they did in Orlando 1 year ago
When there's another terror attack, it's all your guys' fault.
Yawn.....decisions like this are going to guarantee that Trump gets a second term. This is a perfect example of judicial activism.
Yawn. Judicial activism is SCOTUS deciding our president in Bush v Gore. Can't get any more activist than that.
Don't you love the way Trump keeps winning!
Time will tell
Yes the 9th is racist and will not defend us
Now you need to step up and do something about the Trump crime family?
And while you're at it do something about the Clinton crime family. Thx so much.
@PoliticalAnt ditto!
Appalling, even an elected politician such as yourself should be looking out for the BEST interest of the United States.  #sad
Discriminating on who can come and go is the ENTIRE POINT of a travel ban. It's how making things safer is done.

#HeadDesk
The 9th circuit? Really Senator? #TravelBan
I guess we will have to see what court is supreme. Most contend the travel pause to be discriminating, no discriminatory. Keep race baiting.
All these liberals applauding 9th circuit decision must want terror attacks here. If one of their friends, family die they can take credit

Senator, please explain how this ban is any of what you just mentioned.
"crickets".
So says you.  Hope you are prepared to accept the results if you are wrong!!
Locking up your son makes us safer

@rheaseehorn Just wishing Congress would restore respectability and constitutional law to our Presidency.
wrong move they obviously don't have our best interests in mind
So, it's a good idea to let anyone and e erroneous in from a country with terrorists?  #TerrorismSupporter
Sad when the leader of the free world can't do work because MUH FEELINGS
so you applaud a court for failing to rule based on the LAW

kind of says how pathetic you are and how much you hate America...
Wakeup, #9thCCJudges are BAD JUDGES & Congress can #FireBADJudges  Art.3 of Const. says judges serve for GOOD BEHAVIOR, NOT4LIFE! #MAGA
Worked great for U.K. France & Belgium!  Let them all in.  #ExtremeVetting
Go care for your son.
of course you do. #LiberalLoon
All those worthless dems,judges need to be throw out, they need to read the constitution and so do you.
How many times has ActIngAG Yates been proven right 6 or 7?
Honey do your research.. majority of these are Bush appointed Judges and are Reps. Plus her contention was unconstitutional.. it is
@timkaine 

The guy who had 4 people at one of his rallies. His thugs only exist online.
Of course you would! But you're an anti-American socialist wannabe! You should worry more about getting your son straight!
I am hoping that Chief Justice John Roberts upholds the Constituion as he has done in other major SCOTUS decisions. I have no faith in GOPs.
They didn't strike down the ban... they struck down his tweets... which is deplorable & activist judging outside the law.
You're such a meat head!!!
Lmao!  Pretty sure we all know 9th circus is fake tuff guy. 
Be prepared to apologize when the Supreme Court rules in favor of the Trump order.
Get back in your self-created hell w/ the rest of your SPINELESS NEANDERTHAL friends!
It's an abuse of human rights, then again his son was raised to believe his critics 'are not people', explains where he gets his thinking
Amen! Baby! 
I give them a Standing Ovation for that ruling...
Thank you! Keep up the good fight! 
Your hands will be stained in blood with the next terror attack
Please see this post and share. Timely and IMPORTANT https://www.facebook.com/sheri.trumps/posts/10213144508071135 …
I looked at that Facebook page! Disgusting garbage! Let the people in the general population handle&take care that! This man is dangerous! 
What Facebook page you brainwashed fool?
