Hoy en día sólo el ego hace la división de EU y Rusia, todos somos hermanos, es absurdo dividir al mundo.Seamos inteligentes y no soberbios.
Because he's fluent in Spanish, the Hispanic community deserve to also understand what's going on and he's a grown ass man.
Your twitter feed proves otherwise.
So many other languages in the U.S.  Are you insulting all of them by speaking only English and Spanish?
comey should have brought charges against HRC and the dnc. the corruption in the dem party is a cancer on society.the fear they feel is real
Senior Kaine es loco.
Get fired up Senator Kaine. Scream, yell, get MAD! Get ANGRY!  This is our USA! Virginians have your back. *roll up sleeves*
Can't be nice to Mafiosos. They're not going to play by rules.
Mentiroso! Los Demócratas son los que acusan a Comey por la pérdida de Hillary y han pedido por su destitución. Eres un hipócrita! Cállate!
Y quien lo aprecio? Tu compadre el más mentiroso del mundo. Sigue tomando el @realDonaldTrump Kool-aid
Los demócratas y su coherencia.
Is not about democrats but democracy
Me asusto por la administración. Trump está escondiendo algo más ilegal que podemos entender sin investigación. ¡Investiguen a Trump!
Hey, that's a pretty cool trick, Senator. I've never met someone who could lie in 2 languages fluently. Lol #deleteyouraccount #AmericaFirst
Don't think so - I'm sure you saw this -Why would you make up a story?
What hell does this say?  Did you read Rod Rosenstein's letter to Sessions?  Obviously NOT.  You do the citizens of Virginia a disservice.
Speak English this is America
Don't care he's in America
he's about to get away with everything not to mention destroy health care&our planet cuz dems have no power wth can we do2stop him
Nope he won't get away with it. The playbook he is using failed Richard Nixon also!
I'll pray he doesn't but my gut says we're doomed takes 2/3 of senate to impeach repubs want2keep him we have no power
Por favor Senador, no mas mentiras Democratas.
If you do, then you better clean it up, Kaine. I'm sick of your mess all over this place, not in jail. #LockHerUp and #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Call the DOJ to demand a special prosecutor be appointed. Please do it now.  1-202-353-5555. Yes, it will be busy but keep trying!!!!!!
Payaso!
Oh yeah America he is your answer with this idiot he does not support you he supports mexico
Idiota
@timkaine Need you to do what is necessary to ensure  a special prosecutor is in place & investigation continues! Democracy under attack.
INDEPENDENT COUNSEL please
pandering Tim. Lmfao go figure. 

#PresidentTrump #MAGA
Hay fumo y fuego.
Te amo
You may must do something about this NOW! Do not let him get away with this, need special investigator now!'n
SPEAK ENGLISH!!!!!!!!
En un trabajo te despiden por incapaz, no porque el jefe le tenga miedo al empleado
You can say that again!
y no les conviene...
Si!!!
Took me awhile w/ my poor broken Spanish to understand your comment, but ¡Amén, es todo verdad, hermano!
They make fun of the corruption in other countries but we are on our way to be there. Are we living in a 3rd world country already?
Trump fires comey.This demonstrated that we need and independent investigation into Russia.
Yes
El que nada debe, nada teme. FBI is closing the gap and Trump is scared, firing Comey just screams GUILTY
Thank you Senator Kaine for reaching out to our Hispanic speaking Americans. Your my hero!
What is it going to take to impeach him?, precious time is passing by and things are getting worst each time...the world is very concerned.
Totalmente!
Verdant!
Verdad.
Es una desgracia
Damn right. Drumpf es un perfecto comemierda.
Gracias
Que van hacer los Demócratas? Cuál es el plan de acción? #VA10
Imagínese si @BarackObama hubiese despedido a Comey cuando investigaba @HillaryClinton ? Los republicanos se hubieran vuelto locos.
You know it!!!
No kidding! Their house of cards is ever so slowly tumbling down.
Правильно
se esperaba que hiciera eso, y lo que el esta haciendo un autoritarismo
Y como podemos resolver esto. Donde vamos a llegar? Un dia muy oscuro en USA.
Esa fue una orden de Puttin
Y el descaro
No comprende?
I miss you Tim!
