
"Let's face it, I find breathtaking complicated! What's that Jarred? Inhale?" DT 
@realDonaldTrump And, everyone knew you''d be a disaster & be in bed with Putin. You're a failure & the world awaits impeachment!
my Hebrews 10:30 veagence against both Rev. Jesse Jackson & his seed Jesse Jackson Jr. w/hs divorce hearing n IL Cook County court
LMAO I cannot even imagine. So beyond my pay scale
science & medical backgrnd & since U r Catholic like I am? U shud get from @LynnSweet a copy of my #March2017 Pope Francis missive
Because, you stalinist, govt completely effed it up beyond recognition. Get out of it and leave us alone.

I knew health care was complex & that why I said d #Obamcare wud be a disaster cuz I was thinking ahead when d new young healthy
In all fairness, most of us knew just not the Donald
repugnants ignoring the facts ate as quilty as Trumpanzee is
maybe he'll give up and get back to his wall. #MSNBC #CNN # DNC #ACA #CSPAN He's got to go. #impeachment
no he believes his lies a madman
Trump is an insult brought to us by a minority of insults
Lol!! Still makes me laugh.
#March2017 missive 2 Pope Francis fully explains ts cuz d "discern" from d #HolySpirit isworking 4 me & GOD right now is getting

@ohHenry7 Hmm I'm thinking @BarackObama did. Certainly miss him...
PROSECUTE THIS THUG! TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW. HE IS A DISGRACE WE WILL NOT LIVE DOWN, EVER.
Coming from such a landslide loser quick see if he will take ur call!!!
I swear the "president" is the dumbest person alive
IL Dem Party Chairman Madigan cuz Lynn knows that it will b cuz of d Sisters of Saint Francis if I never join d Dem Party again my
ppl runs out? Then it's like a Ponzi scheme n d #Obamacare will collapse unless U find a funding source!! My assessment from my
@PennyCees How many more people will be imprisioned for mental, developmental, addiction disorders? #POC imprisoned vs treated?
predator Drump makes everything complicated
we all knew it. Every elected official knew it. Trump didn't b/c he doesn't CARE about anyone that's not a Trump family member.
that must mean his name is nobody No other explanation would fit
yeah right?
if it's not on Fox, trump doesn't know anything on any subject. Trump is Intellectually derelict.
The same people who didn't know that Abraham Lincoln was a Republican?
@irishchick814 there's much more than this the idiot knows NOTHING About. I can't wait for the day he is impeached. Wont maKe term
cuz Lynn knows how d #HolySpirit is leading me through my current life situation & U can get from Lynn my missive 2 Gov Rauner &
only idiots didn't know!!
#DemandSinglePayer
sounds funny , huh
keep up the good work!!
well duh
OMG don't get me started on this one. Any in touch, sane person knows that it is tremendously complicated!!! #DumpTrump #DumpRyan
Just about the funniest thing #45 has said. EVERYBODY who has had to use health insurance knows it's complicated!!
I'm sure he's said that various points of his life abt various subjects: Algebra, law suits, divorces, chewing, critical thinking
@DearAuntCrabby @POTUS DUH
when are the republicans going to say how much more income the insurance companies will make again off the back of the AVERAGE pt
@DearAuntCrabby Or anything...we have no First Family in WH, I am still not over that
you right Mr.Kaine look at Obama Care its horrible
@JustWhatNowWhy Or, you know, empathy. Decency. Caring. All those soft skills.
@DearAuntCrabby Nobody knows Lincoln was a republican either. Its almost like school matters.
Cant wait for November 6, 2018 to cast my vote against you.
I Knew.

every president since Truman has tried SOMETHING with limited success

Medicaid/medicare under LBJ
@DearAuntCrabby
To simplify Trump and Repubs dilemma: How can we screw the middle class and poor without them seeing we did it?
why govt should leave it too the professionals
hi tim
adulting is hard for Trump
kind of funny.  Calling the guy you LOST to an idiot.  In fact that's hysterical!!
You are AWESOME! That made my morning!!!
glad you are still going after Trump- now get out there and filibuster Gorsuch and block trumpcare when it gets to the Senate
"Nobody knew djt could be so unqualified"
I thought he said he had a beautiful plan and everyone wouldn't belive how beautiful it is.
Wait till he gets to tax reform!
Hahahahaha you would say that, loser.

Another hahaha moment.
We. All. Did.
Uh, no.
Trumpster needs to be impeached at least for misappropriation of taxpayer dollars for all his shenanigans!
Ya' think?
#TheResistance
@timkaine @frostygary
That was my first clue that 45 did not know what the hell he was doing!
thanks Senator
stop Trumpcare please!
trump lives in a "PRIVILEGED" world and doesn't understand "REAL PEOPLE"! By the way, I'm tired of my taxes going to Mar-a-largo!
except everybody 
Oy!!
the saddest thing I have ever seen. Cancer wins
It's not, really.  Just ask the happy people of Denmark!
@ProudlyLiberal2 Except EVERYBODY but Traitor Trump, that is.

it's worrisome that I just read that as, "wealth care."
@AltVP48 Too complicated for Trump and his tiny hands to grasp.
especially trump!
Trump & Co. make themselves look more and more STUPID every day that passes whole they TRY to run OUR Govt. like his failed Compan
Really, nobody @realDonaldTrump?
Healthcare is like understanding another language.If you are not bilingual you don't know what to do.  It takes a special 
Another day, another  reason to believe he is just not qualified for the job.
it is Job Training and Russian distraction, so either u can focus on defense or offense; and then they have JV team;
you and @HillaryClinton knew.  Wish we had you both in he executive right now 
RUMP SHOULDA STAYED UNDER HIS ROCK!!!
vote NO Gorsuch!
touche!
I still laugh when I hear that ridiculous statement!!!
Yep and trump thought it'd B Just another one of his routine "pigeon drops"  Wow
you managed to screw it up pretty good with Barry, quit now, your a failure of a senator and as a father

Wait til he realizes what governing requires.
Or legislating too.
When he asked Russia find those "email maybe he was signaling that he was onboard and let it happen? Who knows? Maybe Lock him Up?
Whenever Trump says "nobody knew" he means, "I just found out"
And Lincoln was a Republican! Who knew???
it's a good thing tax reform will be simple and easy
oh boy, famous last words
@MikeOkuda @realDonaldTrump Funny, I knew it was ridiculously complicated. But then, I'm Nobody.
Smoking gun is trump shooting him self in foot again! Ryan thinks he can use this incompetent fool too sell us all dwn  The River!
@maxijames3 But after seven years the GOP is going to write a better bill in eight hours for a vote tomorrow?
"Nobody" named Trump knew... EVERYONE ELSE totally knew how complicated health care is! #SavetheACA
Yes.  We all thought it would be an afternoon meeting and done. Wow.  So surprised.
He is a incompetent individual!  He is a man who has shown to be a Collaborator, He is bought and paid for! Let see "see his taxes

*sigh* Hillary knew.
Good one Senator Kaine! We miss you.
Someone knew.
I'm pretty sure you and Hillary Clinton did. But, you know she had those emails so...
Trump really is stupid.
his #arrogance is sickening. It's a shame you and @HillaryClinton didn't win. I wouldn't have this nausea right now. #resist
That statement is so stupid, but what else would we expect out of trump? I can't believe that you & Secy Clinton are not Pres&VP
the Obama WH did, it's not perfect but better than what citizens had - nothing
"You have to pass it, to see what's in it"  Worked before, right?.
@BarackObama and @HillaryClinton knew.
Being privileged as he is, knows Nothing about many people were able to get insured & health benefits of ACA. Zero understanding
Trump was the only person who didn't know it was complicated. What a dope!
I know you'll vote NO if it gets to the Senate! In the meantime we need a select committee to investigate Russian influence!

And I know this trumpcare will help my wife Leslie at the vet clinic
Without president trump help I wouldn't have married my pet dog now my wife. And yes I voted for trump .
Trump is an idiot

Let's Install You As VEEP & Send Ole Mikey P Back To His Church Preacher Job. #InstallKaine
Hillary knew.
If "Nobody" means "Everyone in the world except me", then I guess he's right.
trump: "nobody knew thinking could be so complicated. That's why I don't"
#45 is an absolute joke! A dangerous joke, but nevertheless a joke 
or raising a kid huh Tim?  Well Pence and Trump got you beat on that!!
..except for everyone who paid attention lol!
#DonaldTrump is such an #IDIOT. #BARACKOBAMA SAID THAT YEARS AGO! Shows the HUGE difference in their IQs.
@MikeOkuda #Trump is a great terrific fantastic healthcare spokesperson for #Trumpcare .. wait .. idiot 
sigh, so tired of him
or that Lincoln was a Republican.  That's what happens when you don't read!
Except EVERYONE!
Why don't you comment on the MD high school rape by illegal immigrants or the terrorist attack in London
so is governing.
it's time to kill this garbage @SpeakerRyan and come up with something that benefits everyone
Shows just how very very tremendously brilliant he is  :-)
I know you and @HillaryClinton did and I so wish you were in the White House! Thank you for all you do for VA!
@HillaryClinton knew
Please don't let 45 and his minions repeal the ACA. Resist!
In trumpese, "nobody knew" means "I didn't know".
Was that one of the funniest things you've ever heard?
except like, everyone even babies & puppies
So complicated he's about to give up!
Just like "Nobody knew Lincoln was a republican" Obviously #Trump knows nothing

@33tuna 
Nobody = him
Say it again Senator Kaine!
Ummm ... we knew and most importantly HRC knew!!!
Dang Mr. REAL VP, who knew? But, I don't want predatorcare, so, thankU4 yur No vote?
Yeah doctors must be wicked smart! Drumpf is an idiot
I did! I did!
We all knew.
Trump knows only about slot machines!
Explain this: why is it's complexity reason to replace the market? Gov makes complex then says it must run it. Why? It's complex.
John Oliver: Everyone knew it was complicated!
Hillary Clinton knew. Fairly curtain you knew. Barack Obama knew. Actually almost everyone knew. Everyone but Trump.
I know you and @HillaryClinton knew how complicated healthcare was. Offering simple solutions to complex problems is Trump's thing
Just him and the braindead GOP.
except we all did. SMH
We all knew. It was just you who didn't!!
Yeah, who'da thunk?
If Nobody=Everybody except privileged 'billionaires ' who take accessible and quality healthcare for granted, then okay
if there's a vote tomorrow, Vote NO. Thank you.
Democrats should publish a quick guide for constituents to help improve ACA. Can you propose bill to lower healthcare costs?!
Encourage everyone, please, to call their local state reps and say NO to repeal and replace of ACA! Don't let them pass it!!
we did after your party ruined it
now is the time to offer up an ACA repair bill! How can we move ACA closer to perfection!
I never knew a sitting president could be so stupid...
LMAO! 
please run for president. I'll bet you knew it was complicated
it's gonna get even more complicated if parents start getting bills for maternity care and go broke in first trimester. #TrumpCare
Please push harder to help impeach #45 and his thugs. They do not know what the AMERICAN people need or want
please vote no on the healthcare bill
@JeffreyGuterman @mcspocky @BarackObama #Obamacare is what I was ref 2 (NOT  DJT)Wanted to make sure that wasClear. #FineTurning
you are 3 weeks too late!
Yeah -"wHO KNEW"? Anybody that has ever seen a doctor,or anybody who has ever been in a hospital.Anybody who has insurance,datswho
plzzz I'm begging you not 2 let the Trumpcare pass with VA vote. We must send clear message that out elderly, poor, & sick matter
@getgreen52 Hell! Reading the NY Times is complicated for Trump.
even I know it's complicated! Lol
Lol
lol.
