So thankful for the bravery and actions of our first responders in Las Vegas.
We suffer these horrific events repeatedly and do nothing to stop them. We must do better.
Now IS the time to begin access to guns, we as a nation need to stop this senseless killing
Do something or admit you're spineless.
Remember when you told democrats to fight in the streets? Well they are doing it!!!
We are way past enough...please fight, Senator.
So you're just gonna pray?
God gives us the ability to overcome and change things , if you don't do something then your prayers are empty words, you are the tools
Prayers are wonderful but need to take they're guns!end the lobbyists !
What are you, Senator, DOING to stop #ViolentWhiteMen? #mandalaybay #StopTheNRA #EnoughThoughtsAndPrayers #ActionNow
Better to pray for tougher gun control laws
.Did you pray for worthless Woodys victims?
Prayers won't end gun violence.  If you won't support gun control, our votes in 2018 will.
Thank But we need your action our priest ministers rabbis etc praying Start bold action to get back our democracy Join Sandy Hook anti guns
Do something, Tim.
You’re not paid to pray. You’re paid to take and make action. #DoSomethingTangible
No offense @timkaine but enough with the meaningless prayers. You're a Senator. Introduce a bill. Let's actually do something! Otherwise, it's all talk as usual.
If those in DC will not even act when one of their own is a victim I see no reason to expect different now. Please prove me wrong!
Prayers may make you feel better, but these people need quality health care like Congress has and we need serious work on our gun laws!
Respectfully, Senator. We don't want or need your prayers. We need fucking action.
Let's do something so this doesn't keep happening. Thoughts and prayers do nothing without action.
Nice. Now DO something about it.
your prayers do fuck all
Are you speaking out against the SHARE act? The reason some of the people on the ground knew that they were being shot at was the sound.
@Resist___45 Everyday&night I pray to God Almighty that republicans will value all human life above money . Please join me.

Assault rifles should be for law enforcement only.
Stop praying and start legislating
You should have been or damn vice president!
Please Congress needs 2 do something about this. Automatic weapons r not necessary 4 the Amer. people. They can have reg. guns if they want.
Sick of the prayers.  DO SOMETHING. TAKE ACTION. GET OFF YOUR BUTT NOW. PRAYERS DO NOT PREVENT OR HELP. #GunControlNow #LasVegasShooting
Thank you, that's compassionate. But, we are looking for sensible gun control now. As with healthcare, we have to fight for safety and lives
The shooters learned every thing he knew from antifa.
AnotherRussian spambot. Report & block
Prayers R nice legislation banning MILITARY WEAPONS in our country would be better! Crazies R calling 4 civil war! Get them off our streets!
Some of the victims have set up GoFundMe accounts b/c they can't afford the medical bills. Will you please support Medicare-For-All?
Only in the United States of America
PLEASE @timkaine do something about this. How many more innocent ppl have to die 4 Congress to pass gun control laws.
Thoughts and Prayers don't work against bullets and guns. Dig back to the Reagan Era, look at the legislation, but them back in place.
We must unite to fix this! More than thoughts and prayers. Action! What can dems do to cross the aisle and work on guns and mental health?
Time now for a discussion of GUN CONTROL and NOT a moment of silence.
Can you pray and write reasonable gun policy at the same time?
Senator Kaine, I love and respect what a genuinely faithful man you are. But what action - prayer in action - are you going to take?
Please ask your members of Congress and Senate to propose an #AssaultWeaponsBan !
Prayers aren't enough. Take action to enact serious gun control. Do NOT give up until it happens. America will march with you.
Everyone may need these services, if you have any work, feel free to contact with me.
Stop praying.  Start ACTING.  Enough is enough.
Thoughts and prayers aren’t going to prevent another mass shooting! Force a vote on sensible gun laws instead of murmuring to yourself
I would say that  I wish you were Vice Presdent now, but I would get hate tweets.  I need a Mother's compassion today..
With all due respect sir prayers are not enough
Your not even close the being heartbroken. What a lost of B.S.  coming from this commie.
Thanks, but "thoughts and prayers" only means "we can't help you." You, in Congress, can help. Start legislating.
the gun ? I tell my guns to be good everyday ! Haven't had a problem with them, but they do have a responsible owner !
do you pray for the babies that are murdered everyday ! That democrats like you co-sign everyday !
Now let make stronger gun laws
How about taking some responsibility for the lack of action on making sure guns aren't used in these mass shooting. I am praying for that,
How about gun laws in addition to prayers!


Be loud and clear against the .silencer vote!!!!!!!!
We need action not prayers Senator.  Ban assault weapons.
Common sense gun legislation please
Please demand action on gun control.
Senator, with all due respect, I would rather Washington shut up when terrorism strikes since D.C. will do nothing- though they could.
Thoughts and prayers are appreciated. It's well past time for legislation.
How about we start doing something? Thoughts and prayers are useless! Stand up pass gun laws and rally blood drives!
... Prayers
What action will you take to attack gun violence? Praying is not enough.
Were you heart broken when your son was arrested? 

Timmy you need 2 enroll in a parenting class 2 find out where you went wrong as a parent
Prayers need to be followed up with action. Our government is unwilling to accept responsibility for these crimes.
Prayers are one thing. Stricter gun control laws and better mental health care are what's needed. TAKE ACTION NOW! #GunControlNow
Do something about guns
Yes sir.  Though I rarely agree with you, you are spot on.  I unite with your caring statement
James 2:14-26New King James Version (NKJV)

Faith Without Works Is Dead
needs more than . Plz get to work in Senate trying to stop these senseless massacres. Automatic and semi-automatic guns 2 easy 2 get in
Do something about this! Change gun laws
Stick to caring for ANTIFA with your son.
@KingJames Weapons on mentally unstable people, NRA, the Republican party, $$$,  that's what's going on #vegasshooting #GunControlNow
Old Man Mitchell doubts you are as you sit and plot how you will spin this on trump
Can politicians not pray without announcing it looking for pat on back ... wow
That'll work.
“Lawmakers introduce SHUSH Act to classify suppressors as gun accessory”
“Gun silencer bills could mean big business for industry” enough praying ...
Prayers don't solve anything.  Take action.
Was your son the shooter
That's really nice, as a country we need more than hopes and prayers, we need gun legislation. Stop the senseless killings.
@sexyliberaltour I’d be a lot more impressed if you kept your prayers to yourself and did something about all the damn guns
Praying is nice but doing something is even better. Stop the NRA's influence now!
Yes it is heartbroken for everybody in America if no guns in the hands of crazy ppl is not going to happened dear senator Tim Kain
After prayers, how will you address problems with gun control in this country? These weapons were designed to inflict mass casualties.
Introduce and fund the enforcement of the most stringent #guncontrol legislation the United States has ever known, then.
Are you saying Paddock got all his firearms legally?
400 + injured so far ..... do we need gun control legislation? Do we need to pray more ? Who needs to have 14 rifles ?
We need #GunControlNow
Where's your running mate Hillary she hasn't said anything about her book or the or or call that crime a terrorist Act
Go give blood locally, pray while you’re there
now it’s time to act to make sure this never happens again, Tim.
Please tell me we haven't forgotten Creigh Deeds.  
REPUBLICANS ARE TRYING TO MAKE SILENCERS LEGAL RIGHT NOW IN THE HOUSE! CALL YOUR REP!
LVPD undersheriff tells CNN gunman was found bc they could hear where shots were coming from. What if they couldn't? http://www.politico.com/story/2017/09/12/gun-silencer-bill-republican-lawmakers-242595 …
Why can’t any of you get machine guns out of circulation. No one needs a gun like that
Why aren't you guys impeaching Trump?
How many inocente need to die.before legislation. TIM.tell  me how many? ??
Say a quick prayer and then get to work...gun control saves lives, prayers do not.
I want to see gun control legislation introduced bc of this!
Legislation!!! Not prayers!!
That’s not enough. That’s just not enough. Break the gun lobby period
Stop praying and start writing an assault weapons ban.
Yes ! Thank u !
Prayers are one thing. Stricter gun control laws and better mental health care are what's needed. TAKE ACTION NOW! #GunControlNow
Trump,Let's put partisan politics aside for a moment!Let's do something about guns like your predecessor did! Guns are too readily available
