Ryan and Ivanka Met Secretly, Alone and Seduced him into Backing Trump, before that, Ryan was against all of Trump's Agenda !!!
I look forward to the @TheDemocrats in the Senate stopping the GOP effort. #Dems #P2
Well if the Dems are given this gift of stupidity from the GOP they need to make the most of it.
They're risking their votes, as well!
@cherokeesher2 @washingtonpost  Do the republicans know they soon won't have jobs any longer???
What Ryan & GOP are trying to pull off is nothing short of Medical Terrorism & to break America's promise to the working class. HEIST!
Medical Terrorism. That's a great way to sum this up.  I may have to steal that term.
Frightening millions who totally depend on the care they can get right now.
What's frustrating is these Rethuglicans have always been honest about their contempt for the citizenry, but people still vote for them.
Evil
keep calling:
https://twitter.com/zmcb40/status/859594072046129152 …
Does Ryan's Wife Know about Ryan's Affair with Ivanka or does she even Care ????
GOP HAS DECLARED WAR ON WOMEN & THE ELDERLY. BOTH COST TOO MUCH. BOTH ARE NOW A PRE-EXISTING CONDITION. GOP CONGRESS NEEDS TO GO.
All because they fear being "primaried" by a more extreme right candidate.
.   Why don't republicans just give all Americans the same insurance that they have???.
The GOP has no moral compass. This is cruel, even for Paul Ryan, the "zombie-eyed granny starver from the state of Wisconsin"
VOTE THE GOR REPUBLICAN CONGRESS FOR THE WEALTHY OUT IN 2018
There are no words to express my disdain for @SpeakerRyan ! Cares for no one, nothing but his career!
If AHCA passes, literally will be blood on the hands of @speakerryan @gop & my rep @bobgoodlatte. We will remember in #vote2018
I agree, we need to get ready to start voting these people out they did not speak for us
Ryan, no heart, no conscience, no soul.
Chilling.
why haven't you presented an idea to replace the failed  Aca.   I know being part of the solution is foreign 2 u.
Time for Dems to VOCALLY push for a public option to buy into Medicare before age 65.  Provide some protection from the sabotage.
I feel like there's only two things we can do Senator. 1.Hope that the Senate does NOT pass this bill! 2.Flip the House in 2018 also 
You're a fraud
Well, this is known for 60 years and still people vote for them!4many it was more important to have a gun rather than teeth!
Because they don't care about anyone but themselves and the rich!
And isn't PURPOSELY trying to sabotage the flow of Govt/Laws really an act of TREASON? Why isn't anyone bringing charges up against them?
They were sabotaging it 9 yrs ago when they insisted against sales across state lines, later saying it's now their idea to do it & "good".
With the waiver piece for states, won't that only affect the Red states that want out? Bad sure, but maybe this needs to happen 2 expose GOP

Just in:

AMA says that despite changes, new bill would still cost millions coverage and strip protections for preexistin…
Because DJT hates O and wants to you obliterate O's legacy.
YOU ARE SO RIGHT THE LIES THAT THEY TELL ARE DISTURBING
I say leave aca alone and let's see
And ultimately, their lives.
Go figure...The Republicans will completely destroy their own party if they do such a thing...bye bye...
Every day of the week & twice on Sunday the Republicans let you know they only care about the 1%. Why do the other 99% vote for them??
If the GOP passes this bill, they will be gone in 2018.
.@SpeakerRyan - head snake.
The real problem is that they don't care about the people who will lose health coverage. Hard to understand the lack of empathy and sympathy
Truth is, Republicans in Congress don't give a S!!*t about Americans who aren't wealthy.
They will not stop the relentless attacks on the American people.
The smirk that is always on @SpeakerRyan  Paul Ryan's face speaks volumes! Those gears always going on in his head are serious business! 
Dem propaganda. Watch TV. Dem are blocking new bill and Americans will end up w zero when ObamaCare is gone.
They just want to screw up everything for the needy as the rich fill there pockets as quick as they can disgusting
Not having one democratic senator back Bernie Sanders' single payer bill is sabotage on affordable healthcare...
No one trusts the Washington post anymore bc there sole narrative is to demonize the GOP.
I really don't know how the GOP can't be alcoholics after the crap they do and try to do.
What can we do about it?
Paul Ryan and his fellow Republicans don't care about the average American, they just care about their rich donors.
Worse, this seems timed with the Senate Judiciary Committee's discussion with Mr. Comey. I am still calling & tweeting about #ACA #trumpcare
I think the DEMS should leave them to pass trumpcare and make the hole country turn on them when they can't get care
@HouseGOP  want to give Billionaires who are their master's a Trillion Dollar Tax Cut.
Its wrong the regime is allowed to destroy our country knowing the election was hacked. #corruption
The GOP is ready to screw the middle class and the poor/elderly to provide a huge tax cut to big Bus and top 1%.  It's business as usual
It's been the lifelong dream of MakersandTakersAynRyan to strip budget of all possible public benefits to give $$$ to corps and 1%ers.
"The Most Dangerous Adversaries Are Those Who No Longer Have Anything To Lose!"
The Elderly, Sick & Disabled FIGHT
Trump said ACA was going to fail on its own or he will intervene.Regardless its death is inevitable. @TheDemocrats need 2 stop Trumpcare 3.0
The people who most benefit from ACA are the ones who voted GOP. Why not hold the Ins. Companies responsible for their behavior in ACA prob
But don't forget, the wealthy will get huge tax breaks!
It doesn't matter as long as congress (GOP) keeps their Affordable Health Care.
yep, I pray everyone who votes for this heartless bill loses their seat in congress.
They don't care
We all know that ACA has failed in real world America. Fact. GOP not much better at this point, but stop defending a failed package.
And not shy about stating why: Trillion dollar tax cuts! Americans deserve better!
THEY DON'T CARE!  Tax cuts is ALL they care about (oh and deregulation).
And there is the famous 'I'm f*cking over the working class American' smirk!
Eliminate healthy food in schools to create preexisting conditions, no healthcare. GOP practicing genocide/eugenics
Bye bye Obamacare
