Senator, Did you read the plan? It DOES HELP ALL MIDDLE CLASS AMERICANS, of course you voted no as it does not help Illegals.
Uh, did YOU read the plan?
Thank you for your no vote.
You voted NO because of your self-serving greed! Nov 7th will send you a message you won't soon forget Mr. Communist!
Fair enough, the next election the people of VA will vote NO on you.
Right on that!!!
You vote No on anything the R's want to put in place because you are a partisan hack and do not look out for the best interest of the USA
What, pray tell, shld he have voted “yes” on?  #Trumpcare?
Damn straight, he should of voted yes on Repealing and Replacing the ACA.  My rates are going up 54% in CA for 2018, how about yours?
Typical Dembot, no reply to logic!
No tax reform/cuts until Dotard Donald releases his tax returns!!!!
Makes sense since you HATE the middle class!
job well done
Of course you did.
Realyy? Thats a real http://shock.lol 
Yes, it does help middle class. R's could discover cure for cancer and you'd find a reason to rip them 4 it. UR part of the problem in DC.
Thank you for looking out for us as always.
What do you have on your agenda for 2020? #pleaserun #weneedsanityonthehill
No, you voted NO just to vote "NO". You are more concerned with the "Resist" movement than you are about Virginians. You sir are the Sham.
Thank you!
Votes No to help millions of Americans prosper, and votes YES to allow convicted felons restored right to vote! I think we understand...
No, people like you are standing in the way for tax reform just as a matter of spite and now we all pay, especially the middle class.
Actually the plan does help middle class families - why not tell the truth??
THIS wus almost #VP

#Frightening
You people working for our Government are simply trying to destroy our Presidents agenda. The constituents mean nothing to you.
What agenda? Nuclear war, assaulting women,climate change, millions without healthcare or tax breaks for corporations and the wealthiest?
Since when are you interested in helping anyone but yourself
Oh, you’re replying to the wrong Tweet. I believe you meant to be writing to @realDonaldTrump   You’re welcome. Have a nice day.
Why would Dems try to make anything better..everything they touch they destroy. Ghetto better..loose votes.
Thank you! It’s painful to watch the lies & destruction of our country
I agree so glad the last 8 years are behind us #MAGA
If it wasn't for the swamp dwellers & their own agendas, @POTUS would have no problem making this country strong & prosperous again.
Maybe he should clean them out of his swampy admin? He’s bogged down in his own greed. Sad.
This a little boggy huh!
Good job!
Let's take back the Senate and put an end to this circus.
Let’s give the republican a better chance and elect more.
Russian troll, go away. We are onto you.
Not me. I just happen to be will to give trumps ideas a chance. You don’t.
Trump has no ideas.
Oh yeah higher tax credits..tax cuts for small businesses..I don’t see how that helps anyone..smh
You voted no not because wasn’t good but because it’s what you guys do. Stop lying to your people.
Thank you, Senator. Please keep informed of the real impact these plans will have on all classes of citizens.
Best leadership this man could show would be to resign
Thank u.  Keep fighting the good fight,  we middle class don't believe the liars.  #Resist
The middle class have been lied to for generations by people just like Tim Kaine, President Trump will make a real difference for the people
Thank You Mr. Vice President Kaine.

Name 1 bill you voted for under this president that crossed the isle?  Always opposing, as dear leader Chuck Schumer instructs you to.
unfortunately it passed :( I hope it doesn't really pass with the tax plan. What can we do, Tim?
There's always the; move to a better country option!
You're the sham. Quit lying.
Maybe not, but either dies the new debt ceiling...
The only TAX REFORM needed is one closing all the loopholes that let 1% ers never pay their fair share of TAXES!!
The top 1% pay 40% of taxes, top 10% pay over 70% of taxes, while the bottom 50% of earners only pay 3%. Your lies don't stand up to facts
Glad you can count EVERYONE pays taxes on their earned income, except 1% ers..they have loopholes!!
That data comes from the government and is what is ACTUALLY paid.  Please educate yourself and stop listening to Democrat talking points
OK, WHATEVER!
Walter Williams is super intelligent and a great individual.  Here's an article he wrote just a few days ago:
EVERYONE pays taxes on earned income, of course rich people pay more they earn more. So what, you want them to pay less then EVERYONE else?
Your original claim was that the top 1% doesn't pay their fair share when, in fact, they pay 40% of taxes. That doesn't seem fair
you voted no b/c u didnt get the meaning of 304 to 227 thumping and are engaged in traitorous election nullification attempt #maga loser
in #timkaine case, if we wanted him to b president, he probably wouldnt have been #CrookedHillary underling in 304 to 227 pounding.
i would put my political knowledge base over yours any day. koolaide drinker makes doesnt make u knowledgeable.
you dont sound too smart or educated.
I voted no because your a dedicated obstructionist of anything Republican bill
Why can’t you people at least spell correctly?
Thanks for having my back.
#MAGA
#Putinbot
TAX CODE REFORM IS A FARCE WRITTEN BY REPUBLICANS FOR THE REPUBLICANS! BOTTOM LINE THE 1% AND THE POLITICIANS GET RICHER!
Thank you!
I'm surprised
If I was Virginians I would vote NO too
Tax plan will pass.
Wish you & HRC would have won the election. Shame you guys didn’t win
Thank you!  Please stop these monsters!
Thank You Sir.
2018.
Hooray 4 Virginians they a leader who's fighting 4 them. 
That’s Tim, what else can we do to fight this budget!?
Keep voting no!!
So sad you didn’t bother reading it first.
Thank you Tim.
When do democrats hold a vote on their budget?
Shame on you
Thank you for voting no.
Thank you!
What is the Democrats message going forward. You can’t keep harping on what the Republicans are doing without offering a choice.
Do any of you know the details or are you taking Timmy’s word?
Did anyone expect otherwise?
Thank you, Tim! Wish we had more lawmakers with intelligence, sense, and a conscience in DC!
Glad you are representing your constituents and looking out for them
Keep it up Sir #constituent
Thank you.
You did the right thing. This will be Awful for the lower and middle class but wonderful for the richest Americans!!!! I hate the GOP!!
We are freaked out about CUTS TO MEDICARE! What are you doing about that????
Please fight for us
Mr Kaine: if you don't join your fellow senators from across the aisle in budget and tax reform your time in office will be short.
Thank you Sen Kaine!
Thank you Senator Kaine! You’re one of the best things about living in Virginia!
Thanks. Mr. Kaine we voted 2put u guys n ofc 2help the people then y r the others hurting the American people?   Praying 4 change.
You would vote NO regardless.
You are card carrying member of Resist & Twist! Not about VA. It's about Dem obstruction
Well at least you are consistent with your HATERED of middle class and America as a whole.
Thank you, Mr Vice President! You are in my eyes and in the majority of Americans.
http://news.groopspeak.com/house-releases-4-trillion-budget-turns-medicare-into-voucher-system-huge-cuts-2/ … shame

Whatever
Everyone should vote no
Democrats held both houses of congress, and had a democratic president for the past 8 years. So why is the middle class still in trouble?
Impeach the entire @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
Get on board and make it bipartisan.  Stop resisting and help our economy grow.  You have no plan so haw about joining in to #MAGA
Tim can help election in district VA 30 and VA 51? Carter and Gonzalez please? CA 12 is phone banking for them this weekend
Please help us. I see a US bankruptcy looming
Thank-you sir
THANK YOU & I don't think it will help the majority of working or poor Americans either -- keep up the fight #RESIST the greedy GOP & frump
hey Timmy that's called getting things done in Washington Obama never got a budget passed you goofballs party of hate and racism
Cmon Tim! Abolishing the estate tax would help SO many middle class couples.  The 10,980,000 exemption is ridiculously low.
Thank you!
no kidding
I guess we are even, I voted NO for you
YET YOUR CONSTANT PUSH FOR SOCIALISM HURTS THE MIDDLE CLASS (THE ONES WHO PAY THE MOST TAXES) YOU DEMOCRATS ARE LIKE LYING CHICKEN LITTLE
Please vote no on everything GOP needs a yes vote.
I'm from New Jersey. My Senators also got it right.  #JerseyPride
Raise the cry against slash of Medicare! That buried. Should be the lead!!!!
Dems have never done anything shady in the night while America slept, have they.
#GoodMan
You voted no because you are a partisan Democrat hack....
Don’t believe you. Resist is your middle name
Its never been a better time to start recession proofing your affairs as the GOP past looms to repeat itself - except this time on steroids!
Please keep it up sir. Sure wish I could call you VP
Republicans are interested in one thing: serving well and benefiting from dark money and interests of hyper wealth at home and ABROAD!
What can you do to stop this?
Never mind that shit... what, this side of a nationwide strike & refusal to pay taxes, do we do NOW to undermine GOP budget & tax schemes?
Virginian's want tax reform not your Democrat partisanship!
Thank you for standing up for Americans.  My NC senators don't.
Cutting Medicare and Medicaid is so morally offensive.  Not sure how they call themselves Christian.
Hmmm kinda like your Partisan medical insurance plan of 2010...
Can they really pass the nation's budget with a simple majority?  I thought it took 60 votes?
Sham budget?  Care to elaborate?
surprise surprise
You're a fraud through and through- why not outline the facts- which are that the whole Country benefits- it's just not your party that does
Then you voted against the people of Virginia, when @timkaine are you finally going to do the Right thing not just for Virginia But America?
Remember when the media showed this guy berating his son over the phone? Wonder if it’s the same son that joined ANTIFA?
Nothing the GOP does is good for America.
liar!
Tell the TRUTH! Both parties have scammed the American people! Where is your integrity to give our nation a Real Debt Free Nation?
You voted no because you’re the obstructionist party.  Voters will remember that democrats voted against tax reform & cuts.  Lies.  #MAGA
thank you
You are just jealous
They say potayto you say potaato. Would you put in a post with a link out so we could see specific argument #PLEASE
You’re a useless gas bag, Little Timmy....
Thank you for taking care of Virginians
All Ds voted no.  Hate over reason.
LOSERS LIKE YOU ARE ALWAYS NEGITVE ENERGY TO A POSITIVE MOVEMENT, GET RIGHT WITH THE LORD BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE
Oh.  Looks like the budget passed anyway.
The plan hurts all Virginians except for a select few. It’s a blatant act of class warfare. Worst ever.
And that would make you wrong again! Please resign, your wasting space and progress!
You voted no because you were told to by your party you clown
And my party is powerless to do anything. Thanks to me and Hillary blowing a political sure thing. I lost to Donald Trump 
Thank you sir
You sir are the reason We need term limits, you didn’t vote for the people, you voted for your party, and your anti @realDonaldTrump stance
I would like to know one thing you have done since you've been up there in DC that the people of Virginia can be proud of
Thank you
There's a shock!
Rarely does one find a conservative that is not distorted by propaganda and witless when it comes to Israel, you are no exception. Do move.
Thank you
Thank you.  They do not care about the middle class; it is apparent from their policies.
Great move.  Thanks for voting as you did.
Thank you!!!
I'd love a little tax relief. Currently working two days for the tax bill and three for me and mine. Thievery.
We are now 20 Trillion in debt. Much was done on your watch. I am a senior and we all need to pony up to reduce costs including you.
Thank you from 22201!

Most of your statements  are from your Russian Playbook   Are you on the Kremlin payroll to divide our Great Country?You need investigated.
Of coarse you did   You do nothing to help the middle class. Democrats with Obama’s policies have killed the middle class   Tax Tax Tax Tax
I put in the work, you democrats threw it away, so now trump is your problem. You better god damned fix it
Democrats didn't throw it away. Bernie screwed us all. Current sitting DEMS are so outnumbered there's little they can do but they're trying
Thanks for voting no
Rs are saboteurs of the US. Heads up their asses or on the take from corporations. #GOPtrash #TrumpTrash #TrumpVotersScum #TrumpVotersSCUM
FYI Knowing that YOU and @HillaryClinton would NOT be good for America, I voted NO to the Clinton/Kaine presidential ticket.
Let’s vote for your plan. Oh darn, you don’t have one. Good job Tim. What have you been working on besides criticizing everything?  What?
Is that why you voted no or were you told
Thank you Senator Kaine for all you do.
Thank you Senator Kaine for always having our back. God knows we don't have any support in the oval office.
Thank you!

Thank you,mr. Kaine!
Way to virtue signal your way thru ...
Cory Stewart For US Senate 2018 to represent Virginia can’t wait!!!! It cannot come soon enough... SORE LOSER Kaine will be gone
Jesus @timkaine  does anything make you happy?
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you.
It amazes me that Rs in both houses are honoring a pedophile (Hastert Rule) and refusing to ever work with Ds and follow regular order.
You are a lying whiner. Please resign you thief. Dems are going down. Exposed by my beloved @realDonaldTrump . Bye bye timmie
Def of partisan: Whining Dem has an idea that Rep should listen to, because Dem will never listen to Rep.
Of course you did because it does help the middle class. You’re just not going to do anything to advance President’s agenda
What was your opinion on the coal industry? #swamprat
At least they passed a budget, you where not able to pass 1 on time.
They passed trash you must be making 5 mil. But worst don't care about reality; ' don't need your stupidity at the wheel.'
Or Connecticans, or Rhode Islanders, or <insert the name of your state here>. @ChrisMurphyCT  @SenBlumenthal
Of course you voted no. You don't want tax cuts. DemocRATS tax plan is simple, 1) How much did you make? 2) Send it in.
Translation: Kaine wants higher taxes, govt run healthcare, open borders & unlimited H1B visas to burden taxpayers & take American jobs.
Another lying liberal corrupt anti-American
Of course you did
I think you need to go back to school and learn how government works and what bipartisan means.
So if tax cuts benefit the “middle class” you’ll admit you were wrong?

Who cares lol
.Sore loser and proud father of worthless Woody
The shame should lie squarely on the @GOP, @SenJohnMcCain and @SenBobCorker! They talk tough,  it throw their constituents under the bus!
THANK YOU @timkaine
