He has cavalierly referred to contraceptive use - a constitutionally protected right for 50+ yrs - as ‘the wrongdoing of others.’
He has argued bosses have an individual right to prevent their company's female employees from using health insurance to buy contraception
Judge Gorsuch’s selective activism in restricting women’s rights is jarring & doesn't demonstrate a philosophy that belongs on #SCOTUS
Your wrong Sen.  Quite a big lie coming from a Virginian and I'm ashamed of you.
This tweet by itself could be misconstrued pretty easily as praise >..<'
And will now be confirmed by nuclear option and then time to go nuclear with legislation no Democrats needed it's a beautiful day
Do you not understand our government was not intended to be so partisan and it isn't good & u fuel it w this?
In 2006, Gorsuch was unanimously confirmed. Voting in favor were Schumer, Feinstein, Biden, Clinton, Obama, etc.
I just LOVE it when the dems get all senile acting. They can't get over the fact that the election is OVER! #GORSUCH
Bull shit!!
White people need to have more abortions so the next generation isn't very white and they can't elect another racist like Trump!!
Poor antifa got their feels hurt haha priceless https://twitter.com/TheSwogBlog/status/855252975455010817 …
he's giving reasons about people-women-that his constituents likely agree with. If it isn't about this then what?
Armand: in other words, don't resist — Approve Approve Approve Approve, mindlessly? How about Think think think?
When people make statements like yours, I look at timeline, and INVARIABLY I find the exact opposite is true.  Excuse me.
@MikeOkuda no lifetime appointments while the president is under investigation!
SCOTUS belongs to the people. It's our judge NOT the @POTUS' dumdum. YES to #GORSUCH
he's a sick man #IStandWithPP
you do know that Mike Pence and Judge Gorsuch are two different people... right? @timkaine
yeah but do they? This is why pence picked gorsuch.
he was unanimously voted to the tenth circuit, get a grip girlfriend
Yup and even Chucky Schumer voted for him for 10th circuit court.Amazing how senile these dems act. YES to #GORSUCH
NOTE TO KAINE: Killing babies is not women's "healthcare". 
Guess they haven't figured yet out that abortion is NOT birth control? YES to #GORSUCH
No! 2.9m more people people said no to DT,no to hatred, misogyny,bigotry,ignorance,greed, war,climate denial, inhumanity
You Trump supporters are being conned.This man doesn't care about you or what you care about.He cares about Trump.Period
He rules according to the LAW which is exactly what a Judge should do. Consistent and fair.
Thank u @SenatorKaine  for supporting women.
wcg50 Senator why is abortion part of health care again
what decisions are those Tim
Them do as the Republicans did when Obama tried to fill that seat when he was Potts @timkaine as we are watching
You can't be serious! You have lost your mind! You are unfit to represent VA. The real reason is your an #obstructionist!  #chuck lap dog.
-U can really give this when liberal justices have legislative from bench and redefined marriage! Gorsuch is as good as it gets!
Who gives a crap what you think he's going to be the new Supreme Court judge get used to it. and there isnt a damn thing you can do about it
Judge Gorsuch is not an activist judge.  He follows the constitution--you must really hate that!
Tim, get real, you are lying AGAIN- disagree with the man if you must, but there is no need for you to lie-Sad!
Abortion is the angel of death People can buy their own contraception Government doesn't belong in the bedroom
Your abject lies well position you for a run
for higher office.
Warren/Kaine in 2020?
Chelsea Clinton at Sec. of State?
And judges haven't been doing that against lawful actions done by Donald J Trump? Specifically Hawaii and the 9th circuit.
Imbecilic alleged senator.
You've reminded me of how happy I am that you and Hillary lost.
are you a so called Catholic? But you love abortion don't you bro? Do you even rubber?
Now, Timmie!  Do Sotomayor next!
u are wrong and a corrupted person.U better straighten up bub .
Only Activist judges come from Democrat side, see 9th Circuit for examples.
being hill's VP wasn't the fast enough path to irrelevance eh??
uninformed so they can be easily manipulated, isn't that how Hillary said your party likes them?  2/2
if it wasn't for ignorance and laziness of your supporters the democratic party would be gone by now, 1/2
you would think after losing 1000 state and federal seats your party wouldn't be doubling down on stupid the way you/they are
who cares, you regressive leftists still can't accept your loss. Keep it up, you are guaranteeing the GOP more seats in 2018
I'm glad your in the Senate to lend some common sense to so many others who need it!
Gorsuch is awful.  Please vote no.
No he hasn't That's a lie
Please specify any case(s) where Judge #Gorsuch ruling was not based on law and/or was overturned on appeal.
Filibuster, please.
you mean he hasn't taken an "activist" role in IGNORING the law?  You need to reexamine your oath sir
Following the rule of law is not activist. Striking down state laws on abortion (Roe v Wade) was activist.
He is disgusting. His whole party is.
Thank you for your leadership
He ALSO said Roe v. Wade was settled law .
His past decisions ? You mean ALL the ones upheld by the Supreme Court ? Or the ONE they overturned ?Try the truth it wont hurt
HE WILL BE CONFIRMED NEXT FRIDAY!! 

How does that make you feel?

ARE YOU MAD THOUGH?!

HE GOES IN NEXT FRIDAY!!

#maga
I thought you guys liked activist judges? Or is that only when they support your crusades?
Gorsuch is not an activist in the way you portray; he is an activist for interpreting the const & jud restraint. The way SCOTUS sb
.@timkaine Every day I celebrate your loss.
don't let him in the position...
are you sure you talked Judge Gorsuch?
#LIAR
Dem have taken agenda to pass Lies & Propaganda to pass false info for thier own profits. History is FACT! Just have to read!
what do you know about women. Looser
Dems CAN NOT WIN THIS BATTLE....thanks to crazy Harry Reid.
a vote against Gorsuch shows your true colors and you are not fighting for the American people  election is over   We are one now
SCOTUS Judge doesn't belong to POTUS, dumdum. He is for the people. All of us, whether you like it or not. #GORSUCH
Suck it up Snowflakes, you're getting him whether you like it or not. Harry Reid showed us how. 
How about LOSERS? That does capture your predicament quite well.
So much anger. Better watch, it will eat you up from the inside. Still have 43 months of Pres. Trump. Pace yourself. 
Justice Gorsuch soon!
I know, right? After all, the 58th Amendment clearly states that all women have the right to an abortion on demand.
Maybe some need to go back to high school health and learn about birth control. Very few justifications for abortion.
Don't you pretend to be a Catholic sometimes?
why should we listen to a man who couldn't make it through a debate?
quite pretending you would ever vote for a Repub appointee. You would sell America out for your party...and have
vote no!
what unlike you Democrats anybody disagrees with you they must be wrong Tim Kaine equals loser
Shame he will be confirmed. Republicans will go nuclear
get to the point timmy  your concerned about your death cult planned Parenthood's ability to kill more babies.
thank you for stating on the record that you will vote NO on his nomination.
If you #Democrats cave to nominate #JudgeGorsuch , I think it's fair to say you don't deserve to win #elections  anymore. #Stolen
Vote NO on Gorsuch.
You lost, you don't get to choose.
So you approve?
He has the top rating from the ABA. If you won't vote 4 him, you won't vote for any GOP-nominated judge. Don't hide behind women.
do you retweet your own tweets or is there an echo in your pointed Lil head?
So, your wife's desire for an open relationship must be her health decision.
get over your hate for republicans and do the right thing!
You know what's funny?  I'm a woman and Obamacare has made decisions for me. Like no longer being able to afford epilepsy meds.
Dems will never admit that Obamacare is a disaster and it is in a death spiral. Obama lied.
:
Wouldn't it be quicker & simpler to just Tweet out that you're an uncreative partisan hack?
Kaine is an exceptional partisan hack!
If confirmed,  Gorsuch will be a disaster for women and workers for upwards of 40 yrs.
killing an unborn child is not a woman's health decision.
kind of like Ginsberg is an activist? Comrade?
#StopGorsuch
Yes your pro- abortion , pregnant it's ok abort. GOD BLESS YOU SIR.
stand up for my right to do whatever in the hell I want with my body. If they didnt make it they don't decide what I do with it.
please don't support this activist position and vote against him. Thank you from what you do!
vote no....
Certainly hope this means that you will not vote for his comfimation.Also  to @MarkWarnerVA Hearings indicate he cares for the $$$
Stop with the Filibustering because its making the dems look ridiculous.
Led by old Chucky Schumer. Can someone please remind him that he voted for #GORSUCH for 10th Circuit Judge?
liar
I miss the Tim Kaine that wasn't OK with killing the unborn :-(
How many kids have you adopted from the system?
You had no intention of voting for him regardless...save the lame excuses
Killing your baby isn't a 'health choice'.
Jusge Gorsuch needs to go down in total defeat!
538 say he is one of the most moderate/liberal justice from the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals.
thanks for fighting for us
The "frozen trucker" case an example of ideology over law.  Thompson case where he was reversed 8-0 by SCOTUS, and apologized. No!
Did you not find it strange that truck driver NEVER called dispatcher for directions to gas station? That he fell asleep?
TY for standing up for us! True patriot!
Pls clarify or add links to better understand.
https://www.istandwithpp.org/supporters  #PinkOut your profile pic #IStandWithPP
@EDLesh Gorsuch is a right wing ideologue mysogynist control freak American Taliban!
That is a *lot* of adjectives. Pace yourself.  @timkaine @EDLesh
Thank you for standing up for my rights.
abstinence no abortions Timmy. Quit getting fickled by the pickle, quit riding the pickle ride a motorcycle. Don't need killings.
Keep up the good fight!
thank you!
@GorsuchFacts, the only right you have on this is to recognize a woman's right to make her own decisions... You're welcome, sir!
Hiw did your freak son dodge the rioting charge?
so does this mean you are officially no longer "undecided " and you will block this disaster?
And you have taken an activist approach to murdering babies!
We have men like Marcus Luttrell.....and then there are the freaks like your rioting son.....kinda ironic wouldnt ya say?
She makes her own decisions when she decides to be careless and gets pregnant.
Thank you, Sen Kaine!
All politically motivated! Lifelong Dem here who still recognizes excellence. Gorsuch for SCOTUS!!!
and very dumb #IStandWithPP
You don't get it. Justices should be 'for' only one thing: the constitution. That's it.
you should use your political capital to win back congress, and take the high road. Court will have same balance as w/ AS.
Wrong.
keep it simple, Tim. "This is a stolen Supreme Court seat and I will therefore vote no and participate in the filibuster."
Even simpler:  "Waaaaaaaaaa!!"  Make sure you stick out that bottom lip.
You voted to screw veterans.
