...We cannot keep FEMA, the Military & the First Responders, who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in P.R. forever!
This is unbelievable. Almost a year later and I still can’t believe the outcome of this election. #PuertoRicoRelief
... Faith...We're In The Spirit's Hand & All Is Seen...The gloom that's being given will not last...Faith... 
Dereliction Of Duty and blatant disregard for human suffering.
The circumstances are devastating but Puerto Rico needs to step up and self-help
Many people lost their homes & even loved ones in the hurricanes but Trump doesn't care. He needs the money for his rich b*tch tax cuts!
No one should receive federal aid "forever".
Tim your a respectful & a nice guy as are most Dems but America desperately needs fighters to prevent our country from falling apart! HELP!
We must win the next election or I can guarantee that Trump & the GOP will be even worse. Only fear of losing their job limits their damage!
What part of forever do you disagree with?
He's willing to go to war over Guam (US trtry) but he's getting ugly with PR over storm aid? 45=waste of DNA.
Tim Kaine you’re an embarrassment and the worse kind of politician; you’re so stupid you give imbeciles a bad name.
We cannot keep Trump, Pence and the administration in the White House for 3 more years.
I am without words at how horrible his tweet is and what the people of PR must feel when they see it. #abandoned #Citizens
Trump's base doesn't care. They love every word that comes out of his mouth
Tim. Time to #25 #45
With all due respect Senator, please do something about this. Trump seems to be holding all of us hostage, and Congress does nothing...

Why is their aid package in the form of loans?? Do we expect Florida and Texas to pay back all of the aid they've received as well??
what a poor execuse of helping 3 weeks after a devestating hurricane hits pureto rico Everything needs to imported on the island Trump is ..
Your voice needs to be stronger!  You were almost VP.  Stand up and make some noise.
@realDonaldTrump  FEMA is still helping Katrina victims. And Sandy victims. And Harvey & Irma victims. Why so anxious to leave PR victims?
How horrible
Thought he said he would never abandon them? Another lie.
The Dumpster .@realDonaldTrump is still not convinced they are Americans.
You misunderstood @timcaine. We all know that they can't stay there forever. In Houston people are working together not so in PR. Difference
Thanks!
This rises to level of impeachable offenses!
What else could  be expected  from our  RACIST  http://president.You  have  to give  it to him,he is consistent!!
So the should stay forever?
We are sending #Virginians to help. @EkkoMcLean Ekko Title offices are loading truck of supplies to go direct to PR
What are you doing about this?
Damn there is some sniveling going on here.
45 is a racist of the first order
If the GOP insists on ruling us all under christian beliefs,they have to show what place in the Bible applauds callous indifference.
Isn't being there what we pay them to do?
It's also a stunning lack of thought on your part. He is exactly right.
No one said forever.  
Senator, you and your fellow Senators need to step up and do something!!
That was CRUEL
Puerto Rico need compassion, help, support, hope 
Our citizens deserve EQUALITY in Puerto Rico
Those words are UNACCEPTABLE
Question - 

Maybe someone in DC can secretly tell him we have actual military peeps stationed IN PUERTO RICO full time 
Too bad they chose to force the closure of Roosevelt Roads Naval Base.
The good news is we also do not have to keep Trump in DC either....
Timmy. He said we cannot keep them there forever. Trump did not say he was pulling out now and leaving PR on its own.
My gosh. Will this never stop. 
Senator, my wife's family is suffering on Puerto Rico.  This was very demoralizing.
Why aren't you asking "Why is a territory that is prone to hurricanes unable to bury their power infrastructure?" Why wait until now? Hmmmm?
Well - he’s about to kill me by screwing with the ACA.  The GOP and Trump have got to go!!!
He wants FEMA back before many have a chance to spot them?!
Not so stunning when you consider who's behind it. He abandoning millions of Americans via sabotaging the ACA and "tax reform".
You ability to pick and choose statements without context to mislead your sheep is not stunning. Not at all.
Does he really understand that PR is part of the US?
No! We now need the second responders...the rebuilders!!!
Thanks for electing him Tim. Now please Shut it
http://www.cdc.gov  has no mention of perils in Puerto Rico. News reports Leptospira and dirty water to drink.
What about all the babies you abandoned and let be killed?
Senator Kaine, what can the Senate do if the President is doing nothing?
Where or when did he say we were pulling out? What part isn't true in this statement?
Please encourage your fellow politicians to speak out against him
Our country can no longer afford to have a mentally unstable, incompetent moron as President for one more day. Impeach now!
Tim what can we do @LucianRandolph has people there but how can we. Irgunians so far away help?
Hey @Canada, any interest in adopting Puerto Rico?? Our so-called leader does not seem to give a shit about those citizens.
You must have mistaken him for someone who cares....
Senator Kaine, will you support this common sense proposal to get dark money out of politics?
Will there be any humanity left in the United States when Trump is finished? I fear for our future
Florida and Texas no problem aid and support rapidly moving ahead -  Puerto Rica not so much with time limitations!!
Trumps bid is evident
But we're not going to have any money in the budget dor his golf fees after building the wall....
Dear Senator Kaine  Please stay in Office, in what ever capacity you
choose, we need good men like you fighting for the people. ALoyal Voter
If they did not VOTE for him they are not Americans... you should know this by now...
I know what must we do to put and end to this ???
I hate that man so much. Ugh.
Would that make Donald J. Trump a monster or maybe even a murder?

Oh, that's right...
Trump doesn't see PRs as citizens even though its been a commonwealth since 1898. Maybe it has to do with all those brown people.
Help us, Tim Kaine.  You're our only hope!
Yes, Trump, @FEMA have been amazing it think it amazing that they only took forms to sign to starving villagers instead of food & water.
Thank you.
How soon can we change the laws so all Puerto Rucans can vote?
@realDonaldTrump the Democrats have been doing it for decades ! Just keep killing babies its what you do !
He is planning on buying the island and developing for another trump club
The 1% & GOP want the poor, disabled and elderly poor dead, they are disposable Unnecessary Americans
Politicize it Timmy...OF COURSE we can't stay there forever. Just like we can stay in TX or FL forever either.  @realDonaldTrump
There needs to be more outrage from Congress. This pos Dump is sentencing PR to death. It’s mass murder by neglect. C’mon DO something NOW!
Is this all bc PR doesn’t pay fed income tax? I can see Trump wrongly thinking that FEMA is  “free aid” bc they don’t send taxes to mainland
A good question. PR pays a lot of other federal taxes and don't qualify for SSI, something I didn't know until your tweet. IT may be why he thinks this way. However,
They don't vote: but when they move to the mainland they will. It won't be for DT.
As an enemy of all that’s good I should be praying for him now, but it’s hard when all I see is his trail of devastation. God help us.
hes just bluffing to get attn keep base jazzed. 25th amendment.
We want an impeachment!!!!
Congress is now responsible.. equal branch .. right! Trump is not doing his job, Congress needs to step up! Country before party!
trump is destroying our Country piece by piece, murdering the most vulnerable outright!

1) This is a former Staff Sergeant and Calvary Scout. He is in Puerto Rico. He's telling you the truth. FEMA and POTUS are lying to us. 
Barack Obama, Nov 2012, to Hurr Sandy victims: "Your county will be there for you for as long as it takes to recover and rebuild."
@senategop @housegop needs to take control of this chaos and do what's right! It is clear that @gop is now the racist/elitist party.
Did you expect more from this nut?
As the death toll rises I believe Trump will pull out because the death toll is much higher and he wants to blame #PuertoRico
He said FOREVER, idiot.
45 is clueless
He could care less is the sad part. Get him impeached and get a caring person in their. @timkaine you would be perfect
Stunning? It's criminal.
May we send @realDonaldTrump to #PuertoRico, w/1 box of food & 1/2 bottle of water, per day, road-clearing tools & NO #Twitter?
VP just lied to Americans in #PuertoRico when he stated US commitment to them over long haul. 
Our word means NOTHING here or anywhere else.
Do something about this!! This is utter madness. 
So you are saying that they DO need to stay there forever? Think Tim think. You need endgames to these ordeals leading to good outcomes.
Trump has no plans to help Puerto Ricans or US Virgin Islanders as they can't vote. Trump gains nothing from territories. Despicable man!
So, what recourse do we have when we have a delinquent @POTUS ? If he abandons Over 3M Am citizens in disaster, what's the plan in congress?
You are a Senator! Do something about it!
Trumps statement is accurate, yours is a politically motivated attack for your party
A new low, but he will go lower.
Isn't that a violation of the Equal Protection clause?
@SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan need to actually take control.
Thank you. Can you perhaps have someone read this to him? #FEMA #PuertoRico
Perfectly stated @timkaine
I would say it's a "Fireable Offense"
And we can keep soldiers at war a half way around the world for 15 years
Americans in a time of crisis look to the president for leadership and hope. Trump offers neither. He is truly pathetic!
and weak

Nothing this Administration does is stunning anymore.
Where have U been the last 3 decades! PR infrastructure has been in terrible shape. R U on the Russian payroll to divide our Great Country.
And Sen Kaine--they haven't been fantastic.  Have U been watching Rachel Maddow's show about this?  Horrific.  Not acceptable.
If I had a republican neighbor starving, I would let him. He’d do the same for me!
He doesn't care about people who people who are not white and people who can't vote for him.  His words tell the truth of his heart.
@realDonaldTrump Another example that @POTUS is unfit to lead and does not care about ALL Americans. #dosomething
Unfortunately Puerto Ricans cannot vote for him and donald only supports those who can do something in return
I can’t see the BS to which you’re responding due to Tweet McDelete’s continued cowardice. When can we activate 25th?
When this is over it may be beneficial to everyone to let Puerto Rico become an independent nation.
Senator, at some point it is not unreasonable to expect people to step up and provide help for themselves. Like Texans and Floridians.
Slump has no soal  . He's already proven that. He's a  Sick SOB!
Are they still in Texas or Florida . I was taught u stay until mission accomplished
Cruel, heartless and totally unamerican!
Again, are we 100% sure that Donny even realizes that Puerto Ricans ARE Americans?
Or has he just focused on them as Non-voting POC?
ACT
How does a month or so = forever?
Not would be. IS.
...And while they are resorting to getting water sourced from superfund sites. #THISISACRISIS #HelpPuertoRico #repealtheJonesAct
It turns out that Response Care Services is a Core Mission of FEMA. Who knew? https://www.fema.gov/mission-areas 
This is unbelievable!! Don't let this happen Tim Kaine!
@realDonaldTrump's crass lack of morality and compassion is staggering. He needs to go!
Same guys trying to shut off/move a billion in aid headed to Texas and Florida. Next comes "private redevelopment."
@babengalsfan @realDonaldTrump  Democrats must speak louder exposing what's still going on in Puerto Rico

Just so you can see them side-by-side, here is Trump on Texas vs PR. Wonder what the difference is. Hmmm… 
I guess @realDonaldTrump finally figured out the vast majority of Puerto Rico residents are not white.
Sickening.
Well you know what they say. "When the going gets tough, the president goes and sexually assaults women." Something like that.
Nobody's asking for forever; just long enough to get people whole again. Water, roads, electricity, shelter, food, medical care--essentials.
That would be completely in keeping with Trump's agenda.
Race before country.
Greed before country.
#ImpeachTrump
But they're brownish, so.....
I would laugh if it weren't so damned true. Ugh.
These comments rile up the base, because racists hate everyone and everything.
He is a monster
YOU ANS CONGRESS NEED TO CENSOR HIM NOW
The insensitivity of this "president " is unbelievable.
Wait what. Wait. Really. But we stay in iraq
This is deliberate genocide.
Tim, he needs to be removed from office. He's a threat to our country & citizens. #ImpeachTrump
One starts to wonder how he would treat a state that he didn’t win in the election if natural disaster.
God help us!
So what is the Hill going to do about it?? This is sickening.
Correction— NOT “WOULD”- IT IS...
This cannot happen.  Under any circumstances.
What the hell is he saying? Abandon Americans in need?
Do you think that he's thinking of those poor people when he's riding around in his golf cart just a thought he might try walking no chance
Can he be relieved of office for being mentally incompetent
Senator Kaine, he needs to be removed for the future of America.
Don't let our 3 million fellow Americans suffer for no reason. We, the 6,000,000 living in the lower 48 will be watching @DAVILACOLON
And your are surprised why? @realDonaldTrump abandoned America on 1/20/17. He ONLY cares about enriching himself.
Dereliction of duty.
So true! And now another terrible tragedy, California fires.
So, you think it would be a good idea to keep our military, and FEMA in one area forever? This is why your not VP #idiot
#ShitMoronsSay
Lord, he is so profoundly contemptible. In the cellar of the cellar, in a pit under the NEXT cellar!
I cannot imagine a crueler person. This horrifies me to think our leader is this person...
Someone must be looking for some cheap, ready-to-develop-property on a Caribbean island for an exclusive golf resort.
Surely we cant keep this subhuman president in the White House forever. He has abandon everything America stands for. Im for impeachment!!
The Orange Pretender is a stunning example of why we need career politicians.
FEMA presence is half what it was in Houston.  How about a real effort to help instead of the blame game and diversions.  It’s been weeks.
TRump just ok'd $4.9 Billion in liquidity - do your job & approve so PR can do their job and rebuild.
Can you please urge the congress to do something about this inhuman unethical unAmerican pseudo president we have.!!!
Your antifa son is doing his part to destroy America.
When is someone with ethics going to stand up and confront the mentally unstable man in the White House?  Impeach for that alone.
But Tim, they can’t VOTE for him, and so they mean LESS to him.

Congress needs to start doing something now to protect ALL Americans from our own Commander in Chief! If not, you are all complicit! #2545
He is a terrible humane being.  There's no fixing it.
Trump is a bully. Bullies love to pick on those who are already down. @POTUS is basically a mean 8 yr old whose Mom and Dad don't love him.
Sir I know we have more national guard in Virginia send our soldiers y'all don't have to listen to 45
It would serve him right if all 3 million plus moved to Florida and voted out Republicans.
His priorities are all over the place and in the wrong place like the NFL issue.There is nothing strategic about this leadership!
