I love you dad
But that's what everyone is fighting for. Preserve what we have now. ISPs are looking to change that.
Sit down Cupcake
"Open?" You mean I'll be able to go to any web site I want? I already can. How much more open will you make it?
That's the point of Net Neutrality. If we lose it, you might not be able to visit sites ISP find against their viewpoint.
So trust the govt to make sure we can see everything we want? Yeah, good luck with that.
Yes, please stand for net neutrality.  This is a historic moment that could go bad
You're a senator with real power How about instead of virtue signaling online you propose or cosponsore a bill making net neutrality a law
Hi Builder Boy, in American Title II already gives us Net Neutrality, but the FCC is threatening to move to Title I.
If congress passed it as a law it wouldn't matter what the FCC wanted  kain can't change the FCC heads mind but he can propose legislation.
I'm tired of dopy congressmen talking a big game but never doing anything even if the bill would fail show you tried.
Yes!
Might be a good time to show a little more support to net neutrality.
Would you remind us please what steps you've taken to ensure a free and open Internet?
I don't want the government in control of anything
I do!
Trust me to protect a free internet...Rieeeeght!
loser

lol
I am glad you are for a free internet
Democrats don't have enough reps in congress since they have lost every election for the past 5 years,acting big&bitching is all they got
What a BS argument. It aint free, and never will be.
NO!  Control by government??  NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO !!!
This is the time conservatives. Start now to vote out dems like Tim Kaine. Guilty of attempting a Coup D'etat on elected president.
Thank you @timkaine for standing up for #NetNeutrality we need our elected officials to stop the FCC. I hope @MarkWarner will stand up too.
What about the rest of America?
How about you and your colleagues propose legislation to protect NN instead of forcing FCC to twist ill-suited Title II classification.
Yes to net neutrality.
#NetNeautrality 
Thank you Sen. Kaine! Protect small business, protect net neutrality!

Anything that you stand for, I will oppose.  Whatever that is. You are a corrupt politician to the core.
sites/fredcampbell/2017/05/03/the-truth-about-net-neutrality-the-left-and-google/
If you haven't already noticed, Timwit, is that the internet is already free and open.
I Do & sent a note to the FCC about this!
And you did a "good job"  I'm proud of you 

Somebody get this guy a trophy

#Cupcake
And by "free and open" you mean govt controlled
You are like a child, don't you have any ideas of your own
Since the sale of public infrastructure, right-of-way, and natural treasures to private interests is underway, what process protects public?
Keep fighting for us

Thank you!
The American people want a special prosecutor to investigate the Clintons misuse of funds from the Clinton Foundation. THIS IS DISGUSTING...
#NetNeutrality #StandWithApple
I'm sure we will hearing the same thing in PA from @SenToomey
Is that strictly free speech for Dems or for all voices
I recommend reading up on it if you haven't already. In a nutshell #NetNeutrality protects your ability to see whatever media you want.
No thanks
@Tatiana_Y_W Is this true? https://medium.com/@JackPosobiec/george-soros-and-google-lobbyists-planted-john-oliver-net-neutrality-campaign-c8d6668db12e …
Let's make it free and open by subjecting it to government oversight and regulation!!!
Free? You mean I won't have to pay Comcast any more? Who's going to provide me "free" service?
Thank you for standing up for #NetNeutrality! Will call reps later.
Election loser
Over 62 million Americans voted for Pres.Trump. And we are disgusted a Senator would allow his son to attack Pres.Trump supporters
Reading is not fundamental to trumpettes, only the religion ism
shoot we live in cove area and still no internet here. Dial up baby. Very frustrated tho
Does ANYONE in Washington understand the LOGAN ACT..  Jared the idiot CANNOT  be involved in a treaty. that is the sole job of the President

make it a public utility
AND ALL AMERICANS @timkaine INCLUSIVE PLEASE!!!
We do support you,   NOW GO IMPEACH TRUMP AND #LockDonJrUp #LOCKHIMUP PLEEEEESE
and that lyin cheat @VP
Isn't your son in ANTIFA? Destroying people's property and attacking people?     #hypocrite
For all states!
lets hope not tim k
Thank you Senator!
