That's too bad. Have to get those tax cuts for the extremely wealthy. @GOP are FAKE & heartless. #MASA (sick)
They will hold out for their precious wealthy tax cut and use CHIPS as leverage.( blackmail)
@SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn  I have many deaf children relying on this CHIP aid. Move correctly to help them
keep speaking out loud until they hear, recognize and act on the issues. great job tim kaine
SENATOR I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS CHILDREN !THEY SHOW THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT CHILDREN!
Maybe he shouldn't have helped pass Obamacare
You seem like a troll bot so I’m posting this and blocking you.
calling on  Democrats to quit killing innocent defenseless babies you planned parenthood geek
Why isn't this THE most important thing Congress is working on?
You made the mess. Come up with a fix. Its failing because you passed a crappy law and won't admit it
Countless children all over the US. It was appalling that this couldn’t have been accomplished by the Sept. 30 deadline.
Your House brethren are too busy passing a useless & potentially harmful 20-week abortion ban. They don't really care what happens after the kids get here.
They're pro-birth, not pro-life
Funds #CHIP  for 5 yes , AARP not happy about cuts to Medicare in this bill
What? It needs to be a clean bill. I think with our deductibles, we don’t actually get to use our Medicare until November. No cuts to MC!!!
If it's so important get the state to find it.
I think they only care about their own children and sometimes, I think I'm wrong about that.
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Yes!!!
yeah mostly illegal aliens right Tim?
These GOP failures need to be on tv and in print ads so all voters see it. Hearing it on CNN is just preaching to the choir. Wrong audience!
Thanks Senator!  Keep at them on this!
Funny how they're pro life until a child takes it's first breath.
Funny how you are Pro-death until a child takes it's first breath.
You said it. 
Rick Fulton
President White Oak Software Company
Writer
Countless children all around the country rely on CHIP & they can't wait!
What? Your claiming to care about children? If you really cared about children you wouldn't be an advocate for abortion. Hypocrite!!
Greedy @GOP is WHY it expired. They will be sticking #CHIP  into a horrible bill at a time of their choosing. Same for #DACA
@realDonaldTrump is too busy narcisist'ing right now. But perhaps you can call back when he's taken his meds. Don't hold your breath senator
Senator you must understand by now the 1% & GOP want those children dead
Pay their own health insurance. Taxpayers should not bear the costs.  Self responsibility Repeal the ACA
You fucking voted for him, you live with the consequences
Thinking of moving into VA though not sure! Too many assholes in district of intent! TRAGIC
We know. Good luck.
Another failed liberal policy ..
Put people back to work.  Get off your rear and bring jobs to Virginia.
This is a important healthcare tool for young people to get the care they need. Move on this please!!!
You libs don't get it, if ppl choose to have kids they are responsible to provide for them.

You should be calling on Democratic leadership to work w/ GOP to repeal & replace failed ObamaCare. Stop Obstructionist Dem. policy.
N pa sir. My kids need this
NY has almost a million children at risk!
Keep fighting for us
Please please please! I have spent my career serving youth who access care with ESPDT. Please help them so I can.
Get govt out of health care .
Yeah you did such a good job of parenting
How about personal responsibility of making sure that you can afford to raise kids before you conceive them. Novel idea.
Their Ruthless. I've actually given up hope!
Unfortunately they don't care as you can see by their attempts to destroy ACA.
The ACA is designed to fail and be replaced by universal healthcare. Hospitals can't survive on it and it can't pay doctors enough.
The people responsible for this are disgusting. 9,000,000 kids without insurance. Makes me sick.
Why aren't they on Obamacare? It's affordable, high-quality insurance that lets parents cover their kids until age 26.

So we've been told.
trump Jazz Hands & Disaster disasters got major news coverage while quietly the CHIP program of insurance for millions of children EXPIRED??
So do Georgia families, including my children. Thank you.
@GOPSenFinance Cmte just approved a bipartisan funding package for the CHIP a good step for WV kids @SenCapito  Oct 4
And how good is it that there is an election in November!  Dems better vote!!
Dear Senator Kaine:
They will try to blackmail you to accept something horrible for funding CHIP. But if they don't, it's political suicide.
It should be renamed  #GOPDontCare
Elections have consequences now they must deal with it.
Needs to happen now.
THey call themselves #ProLife as they work hard to make life painful and short for women and children.
This is a no brainer...not reauthorizing is just plain vengeance against people who voted against @realDonaldTrump & @GOP
Families should retroactively be reimbursed for any expenses incurred.
I hear they're going to slash it too?
You remember children, don't you, @RepGoodlatte? Back before you sold your soul to lobbyists? TAKE CARE OF OUR KIDS! Man up!
You didn't want to change health care so live with it Timmy
@SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr What the HECK are you doing on this? @potus said it would be renewed. Now it is expired! FIX IT!
