Nobody is talking about ending Medicaid. You are playing on people's emotions. We need solutions not rhetoric.
They are talking about changes so drastic that Medicaid will not be the same and millions will be left without coverage.
That is simply not true.
Ok.... maybe you should pay attention to news other than Fox. This healthcare bill will hurt millions of people. It's cruel and mean.
I do... It won't..... It's not.
If you think this new healthcare bill is great then you're cruel. No one should pay 175,000 a year for getting cancer. It's insane!
Preexisting conditions would covered under GC. Its true states could carve out exclusions. But inconceivable they would exclude cancer.
There have already been states who have stated they will not cover pre-existing conditions, so again nice try.
What made Republicans so Anti-Christ and Greedy for the rich.
They never really cared about people to begin with. They only care about controlling people and having power, they hide behind a false faith
What are your ideas for getting people off Medicaid?
Well we could always euthanize the elderly, disabled children, children in foster care, and the unemployed...but semantics.....
I work with disabled adults who depend on Medicaid, and I very much appreciate your snark. This bill is heartless and harmful.
Have you read it?
Have you NOT?
Stealing is wrong. We're better than this.
You are so right stealing from the bread winners to give to the non workers is so wrong
#pediatricaccess terrible w/#aca. Inapp way 2 rate HC. An unmitigated disaster on our people! Get off #lobbytrain & on the #successtrain.
No it does not Tim. Did you even read It? Medicaid should not just be handed out to anyone.
So you want to come explain to my child who is on Medicaid with Autism why he doesn't deserve healthcare? This bill takes it from him.
I am counting on you and @MarkWarner to do the right thing and vote no on this "beast lunatic" of a bill. Thx for all you do.
Wickedness all around at the highest levels of Government with absolutely no shame or accountability
Agreed.
kaine is a clown not a politican.  Complete idiot that clinton chose.
YOU should be debating #GrahamCassidy on @CNN, NOT Bernie "Moonbeam" Sanders!
Also very bad for nursing homes & rural critical access hospitals. 
Trumpcare 2.0 is an abomination for the most vulnerable.
We lost our rural hospital thanks to #Obamacare as did hundreds of other towns
I'm truly sorry for your loss. ACA & Medicaid are ALL that's keeping rural critical access hospitals & nursing homes open across nation.
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rural-hospitals-closure-georgia_us_59c02bf4e4b087fdf5075e38 …

Would there be any way of getting your hospital reopened when healthcare is stabilized. So crucial for so many!!
Sadly it has been bought to be used as rehab for criminals without any input from the community. We are fighting it.

#45 Trump is heartless human being,  oh wait, he's not human...he is assistant to the Devil...ice runs trough his viens!!!
Living life to the fullest means living on responsibility and not entitlement like you're preaching
END OBAMACARE. REVOKE the ACA!
Replying to @timkaine and @MarkWarner, vote NO to #trumpcare
#TrumpNoCare
need to be a better  program hope Senate study more about health care & life insurance as well #THETRUEISNOTAOPTION
Lol, I’m in Virginia, so I’m covered.
Tim you are a drama queen
And yes to Single payer. Thats pretty popular now, bud. Welcome to 2017
trump and the repukable party just went back to the stone age, and are horrible as hell
Agree with you Senator
Ending Medicaid "as we know it" means ending the fraud in this program.  Love my president
Who have no right to talk about hurting kids as long as Democrats support killing them by abortion.
And this is why your not vice president
You're my senator.  Thanks for saying no to #Trumpcare .  Virginia deserves better.
This admin. / Congress and Senate. Don't care if Elderly, sick children live their lives to the fullest. This has always been a CLEANSE
They people @GOP hip aren't listening
Tell Bernie to call off this single payer debate! Omg. He's a gift to the republicans!
Don't be kowtowed by @JoeNBC's crew. Sanders will hit them harder than they hit. He knows the ins & outs of HC better than any Dem or R.
If Hillary would have chosen Bernie or Michelle instead of you as VP, she would have won. I am glad she lost and refuses to accept truth.
More from the propaganda pros....sicofit mr kaine.
 not much can be said when your senator represents the federal government over his state
Shut down Bernie Sanders debate on healthcare until after sept. 30. Let GOP hang themselves first.  Be smart! Please !!!
Liar
6 years in the Senate and all you can say is NO! The Commonwealth has been looking for leadership on healthcare and all you do is say NO.
what? babies can't live their lives to the fullest if their life is ended in the womb. Vote yes and defund Planned Parenthood!
Full repeal!
Please work harder with these pea brains
Kids...what about my 92 year old Mother?  No to #Trumpcare
Medicaid as of now you can only see you're doctor once in 30 days...How is that OK? Why so many children on medicaid? Maybe getting a JOB
Why not leave it to individual States ? Don't you think Virginia can figure out what's best vs Kentucky? Each state choosing their own!
Opps, I already told my senators to repeal everything the ACA is about including government funded abortions, right Tim?
It's Time the @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP learn that 32 million people also have families that will stand with them/us. 
They need to Learn that,
"The Most Dangerous Adversaries are Those Who No Longer have Anything to Lose!" 
As a Disabled American, I have paid my Taxes & was a very productive member of society until my disability. 
My disability, caused by a work related injury because Republicans Deregulate everything including safety 
Because All @GOP is in the pockets of Corporations & that proves people don't matter to them, profits do. 
2018 will be the beginning of the End for Republicans. #RetiretheGOP18 #Encouragethevote2018
I live in Virginia. Thank you for your work! No to #Trumpcare - protect the #aca
Medicaid provides attendant care services for my son with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy so I can teach at ASU, earn a living and contribute.
Thank you. My kid is one of them and would certainly be dead without it.
How do I vote no? I love in Miami fl
#Medicaid - 50 State Medicaid directors say no to this horrible bill being rammed down our throats!  #NoCassidyGrahamBill
Trumpcare is an oxymoron.
You are my Senator. Vote NO on #Trumpcare .
My senators don't care about health in our state.  They are blind followers of #GOP @SenSasse @SenatorFischer .  I'm depending on you!
I have. Unfortunately they never listen.
#NoTimKaine
Then keep able bodied adults off.
Nice try, Timmy. "Trumpcare."
The # of Americans covered by Medicare/caid increased 38% from 2008-2015. Death rates rose for the 1st time in over a decade in 2015. 
Liar liar pants on fire
I agree with Tim.
Tim, you could make a bigger virtue signaling statement by stepping away from twitter altogether... Lead by example!

Also, please resign.
Pull a Taylor Swift! Put @Potus in a "blank space" and leave twitter behind, that will show him.
You are a Senator! Pretty flip for you to use your platform to encourage people in OTHER States to call their Senator? Let alone VA itself..
Fox..really?
Having Senators already devoted to protecting my healthcare (thank you, BTW!!) frees up time to call the rest whose decision affects us all.
You are my senator, thank god.
OK. Vote No.
It only harms those who don’t contribute! This is not a socialist country Tim
Yes, kids like my son.
11 countries w economic freedom & only 10 have achieved Univ. Health Care.  WHY NOT U.S.A?  GOP use word "Socialize HC" as a scare tactic!
Why are Republicans so beholden to Kochs    get money out of politics
Timmy why don't you take a vacation to never never land and never return??????????
Thank you, Senator.
I've called my senators, both are Democrats. I'll call them every freaking day if I have to!
It’s pointless here in NC with the likes of @SenatorBurr and @ThomTillis who care nothing for the health of their constituents.
For most of these kids, it's life or death. We must fight to #SaveMedicaid because it's their only means of survival.
Being trillions in debt will not help kids either. Do your job and reduce the debt you have accumulated.
I have a relative disabled by childhood cancer. Medicaid helps him live a quasi-normal life.
You can read the break down & comparison of ACA & the last 2 #Trumpcare attempts including new#grahamcassidy bill

So glad you are my senator!
NoRsN2018-they are Obsolete, regressive, obstructionists IMO.
Why is it always seniors and kids a-hole and why do you never reply to anyone that disagrees with you?  You would of been a gutless v.p.
In Florida it's starting and kids are going to suffer
Breaks my heart for my autistic niece, family with cancer, depression, wanting to have babies. Even physicians hate it. #DoNoHarm
Oh yes Timmy Kids and old people always the same
Will celebrate when Obamacare is gone. Just like Obama. Gone!
All 50 direc of Medicaid ag R hc - red states/blue states Along w all hc organ Repub only want hc bill so they can say they passed something
They are not listening wonder how much they got paid
Sorry not much i can do. My sens are Cruz & Cornyn
Crawl back under your rock Jaime. You don't want to help the people of the USA
Telling you 'NO' to your lunacy#delusional
Glad we have you and Mark but those R's still say "anything" is better than repairing the ACA. How did we get here? Money. Period.
We got here because Obama, Pelosie, and Reid did not go across the isle to include half of America
Please provide us with your solution to the healthcare fiasco. When will your bill be ready?
I'm doing good now but I needed help at one time and I can't turn my back on others that need help now. Keep saying no to #Trumpcare
See this why I voted for you. Your a fighter and always stand up to these guys that only want to do for the rich. Some need help.
Exactly. It's great that people can make gobs of money in the U.S. but what about the disabled?
You do realize Trump said he will not sign anything that does not have pre existing conditions. Why doesn't Kaine and others say that?
Thank you, Senator Kaine. You are my senator.
Calling daily!  Be relentless!
Unfortunately I do not think @robportman cares about us at all. He cares about party over country
@TheDemocrats Tim better be working hard to get this health bill shut down for American ppl! We know what this bill will do to 30million!
So grateful I don't have to - you're my Senator!
Yes! And it hurts adults to! # No. GOP go to hell!
You are a liar.  Your son is a terrorist.  Coincidence?
Please vote No, Senator Kaine and think about running for office please. 
Can you or would you get behind #medicareforall ??? It's the best for all Americans!!! Why is it so hard to agree??
Who's paying for all of this?
I'm for a change Oblamo care isn't working
Vote NO to #Trumpcare!
Go away old man
Thank you! Please talk some sense into the others! This is a no-win for all. 
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
The parents don't work so they can collect freebies with the amount of kids they produce. Vote Yes and get the parents working.
Tax payers can spend $300,000 on private planes for Dr Tom Price but we can not afford healthcare for children
That's just a total ignorant statement. Makes no sense
If you think your not impacted cause your not on medicaid, and getting Ins through work...wrong! Bill will allow costs to go up there too!
And your seniors like me! @realDonaldTrump #dotard
ever wonder why POTUS approval rating is at 38% and congress is at 12%, democrats, now go sell crazy somewhere else we're full up here
When my daughter was diagnosed with T1 diabetes, Medicaid helped us when the bills came at thousands a month. So heartless.
You know that it's actually the tax payers that helped you.  Medicaid isn't a person
Regardless of where $$ came from, Medicaid helped her daughter survive. I like for my taxes to go for something like that.
Tired and fed up with repeal and replace bullshit #Trumpcare is garbage @realDonaldTrump @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy @SenateGOP heartless
You're exactly right. Medicaid does so much more for my patients than pay medical bills.
I think of some amazing and beautiful people I know who have disabilities. They have adapted thru cuts but...Will the churches offer? No.



My Senators are good. Why don't you slap around a few of your friends across the aisle. Been too long since we've had a good caning in D.C
Taxpayers are paying 72% of your health insurance
Yeah. Do nothing. Tim, you're good at that. Another scumbag politician.
Obamacare canceled insurance for more than 30 million people, what a disgrace, so much for keeping your doctor!
No on #GrahamCassidyBill
Yes and I wish we could tell the Koch brothers no
