@bterris @petridishes @washingtonpost Biggest joke was MSM saying you & Hillary had a 98% chance of winning back on November 8th.
When they're bad, they're dad!
How do you feel about DOA jokes?
Like your son?
You should stop worrying about illegal foreign nationals and start thinking about your own little domestic terrorist. Progressive parenting.
https://twitter.com/covfefed/status/903945199453425664 …
Like your performance for the American people?
Dad joke: Did you hear about the two cannonballs who got married and had a beebee?
LOOK LIKE UR TERRORIST SON IS PERSUE HIS ANTIFA DREAM DESTROYING OUR 1st AMENDMENT N BURNING OUR FLAG.
Yes! Just like it's not call "Chinese food" in China.
No Tim, a true dad joke is when U go the the ATM one evening, the next morning, your wallet is empty and the car keys are missing :))
I'm just going to refer to you as Mr. Vice President from now on if it's all the same to you.
Speaking of... it's official!  Tim Kaine's' youngest son is a designated convicted domestic terrorist.  That progressive parenting for ya...
U n me boat, brudder.
Your a joke. And couldn't even beat Trump
Wasn't Pop Corn  the father of the bad joke?
Or maybe knee-slappers?
You did it. Good job

HI JOKES I'M DAD
@bterris @petridishes you proved at your core you are a #superdelegate lap dog that is also rude. Party 1st Virginia or USA 
You just do you @timkaine !
folks have been accused of worse
To me you are a joke. How's your antifa son doing?
A+ Comeback. I see that Jesuit education of yours is paying dividends.
Good one .
I thought it was funny.  I did not catch it until I re-read the headline.

which is pretty much the definition of a dad joke ...

Now he wants labels removed....

From one dad to another, I completely agree!
Sorry, Kasie, but NOBODY gives a damn about Tim Kaine, except for Progressives who plan to vote him out of office.
this is why trump won
Stop being so grumpy, smile more.
You should be ashamed of yourself that is all I have to say about Tim Kaine.  
YOU ARE TOXIC
BAD FOR AMERICA
If you need help with jokes, contact @ChipHinkleman! He's helped Mike Huckabee discover his comedic genius and that's been just a delight!
"just a joke"--you mean like the campaign you & Hillary ran?

Perhaps were you a better father your son Woody Kaine might not have been arrested for ANTIFA rioting
I fear I may be coming up with early onset 'dad jokes syndrome' through my 12/10 yr old nieces. My corny uncle side is showing up w/ adults
And we love you for it.
That's because your son is a violent ANTIFA thug
Build the Wall Timmy boy:
How sad you keeping tweeting about a stupid dad joke when there is so much suffering in TX & LA.
Dad!!!

@bterris @petridishes @washingtonpost lol exactly!!! Just jokes.
Yes Dad
Former Vice Presidential Candidate Sen. Tim Kaine is "deeply opposed to illegal immigration"
I think you are the joke.
MUST WATCH - #TrumpRussia explained in ~ 3 min
Plus GOP gets $$$ from Russia RETWEET 
Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.

Hillary is a joke... and corrupt!
Stupid jokes at that,
Not sure if this is taking dad jokes meta, or absolutely sincere

This made my day!

No joke attacking God, minorities Whites, & Christianity like Politico in its #Harvey carton. Not a peak from #Democrats #BoycottPolitico
#NAACP what action are you going to take against @Politico fir marking African Americans and other minorities in their carton?
Please educate yourself on this important issue. Think of the victims!!
America could have had a capable VP who was also notoriously known for his... dad jokes.
If only... sigh.  We'd be in so much better shape in every perceivable way.
Spare me the dad jokes.
He can't even run his house.
 you win Dad Joke honors today! 
You are awesome! Thanks for all that you do!!
Is he referring to the Democrats? Or just the Clintons? You told the truth ! First for everything! Slim Pain
witch you are not a joke. America is so proud of you
Dad jokes = corny jokes. It's the easiest way to put it
you spelled "politician" wrong
You're the joke Timmy
