@TomPerez @keithellison Sorry but with the GOP in pwr this is just bureaucratic semantics
@TheYoungTurks @ninaturner DEMs need to act outside the box i.e. DT has attained cult fig followers & they are the GOP core base
GOP voters have proven they'll accept all of his vulgarities & managerial short comings as long as its not another........ you fill blank
Use the courts 2 indict them
That will soon not be an option since the Supreme Court is more republican now.
And that's your only option?
No.
Sue the crap out of GOP individuals though state courts and other courts if you can. The 3 main targets are Burr, McConnell and ryan
Thank you!! Yes, it is!!
Why handle him with kid gloves?
Schiff? Bc he's one of the few in Congress whom I believe will actually fight when 45 openly adds 'disabled' to the 'to be detained' list.
One of the very few
. Democrats don't say enough emphatically like GOP does. Too quiet and soft spoken. Get mad please!
Agree, but needs to be dignified/intelligent. No name calling etc. not a good direction 4 country & most ppl hate all this drama. Except DT
. Yep and EPA. Companies can now pollute air and water. So many things.
Feels like he wakes up each day thinking how can I stir up the news today. Letters, calls, faxes, tweets to lawmakers, marches,all important
But fact he was put in office thru collusion w/Foreign enemy of USA is straight up Treason.  That has to be center till he is removed
. A wildlife expert being interviewed said the wall will cause 90+ animals extinct.
Keep of apprised of the response
You are such a phony &a hypocrite.  You let Obama bomb away& you never said a word. I can't wait for you to lose your job. #2018
Waaaay too many big words in this letter. Doubtful he can decipher it.
thank you- persevere!
Now you care? After Obama played games in Libya, Syria, and Iraq—and even HELPED ISIS?
My biggest concern is *45's attack on our Judicial system. @USAGSessions MUST GO. #ImpeachSessions - he's ass-deep in Trump's  FU to America
Tell Obama!
He didn't ask your permission, & now hasn't given sufficient justification? It's like @realDonaldTrump thinks he's president or something.
What about the Russia probe why is that not front and center??? All of your colleagues should be pushing this daily.
What about #kellyanneconway advertising @IvankaTrump on news Did everyone forget? #DonTheCon & his #corrupt #children break the law
She got a stern earning, lol. (R) Congress complicit in *45's attacks on democracy. They LOVE their #Rubberstamp, so are ok w/his grifting.
IMO, every military action should require Congressional sign off BEFORE bombs drop. 
#NotInMyName
@realDonaldTrump Do you have anyone in the WH that is able to receive & send out documents with answers?  smh...
Stronger Together!!!
You are a do nothing obstructionist. Complaining about everything while literally doing nothing to actually help Americans.
Think he'll bother to answer you? He doesn't think he needs approval for anything.
http://www.twincities.com/2017/03/07/son-of-sen-tim-kaine-one-of-six-arrested-during-trump-rally-at-state-capitol-last-weekend/ … Tim Kaine called for violence in the streets. On live TV. His son is a terrorist.
Stay on it, Rep. Schiff. When Congress turns a blind eye to POTUS' unconstitutional acts, Congress is #complicit in all of them. #resist
#Preach
Good. But you know he cant read. Get the FBI moving. We want INDY investigation. You peipleare just jerking us off.
No guys really he CAN'T read..

Use your voice!

#TrumpRussiaCoverup 

Call your Representatives
Demand Answers

Congressional Switchboard
(202) 224-3121

#Thisisnotnormal
I voted for @realDonaldTrump and I approved the Syrian strike. Obama did worst.

and Obama allowing the sale of Uranium to Russian
That's been debunked, but nice try.
Look forward to @POTUS reply. Here's larger text of the letter --> http://schiff.house.gov/news/press-releases/congressman-adam-schiff-and-senator-tim-kaine-send-letter-to-president-trump-asking-for-legal-basis-of-syria-strike …
1st..Thank you @RepAdamSchiff 2nd...I have recently found out U only have a crew of 4 to investigate Trump & his cronies. This investigation
Is of the utmost importance to  defending AMERICA. You must demand a trained crew 2 help. A properly trained legal defence crew. Donnie must
Be stopped. He must resign & B arrested. I know U realize all of this BUT waiting 4 this out come to happen will probably find us at war.
Where are the subpoenas? Where is the trial? Where is the prepping of our witnesses? Where is the witness list? Why is Jared Kushner still
Tim Kaine? Give us a break.  That's the only one you could find?
is there any real justifiable reason for this action?!
@pharris830 @CitizensFedUp #Veterans FOCUS: Pressure NRA TeaParty Trump's Taxes, Transparency & Accountability https://www.indivisibleguide.com/resource/missing-members-action-plan/ …
were have you been for eight years ,you shill pos ?
RepSchiff cover up Benghazi? Why is Over 20 years Broke?Why CALIFORNIA Legal Child Prostitution? No morals in Calif?Boycott Hollywood Schiff
Broke California RepAdamSchiff Hates Mexicans Blacks.Lives White City CA Legalized Child Prostitution,Why Schiff?Do Parents Pimp Babies?
One, two, three, five, six, seven. Hold on did a skip a number, BAD, BAD!!
This letter is asking for to much information on governing not how to sign a executive orders
Thank you @RepAdamSchiff for speaking on behalf of the majority of Americans. Our party and our Nation need you.
Trump is waving blatantly his MISUSE& ABUSE of the  presidential powers like WE THE PEOPLE don't care.WE DO!
"But think about the babies".  Thanks Representative Schiff, it appears our buffoonish POTUS needs reminded about who is in charge here.
You have become a true hero. Thank you for all you do (all with the utmost integrity).
This POTUS is running amok.  Can't anyone stop this? They are ruining us!
THANK YOU Sir! But why is @POTUS above ALL LAWS? nepotism..emoluments clause 25th amendment? tax reform seems to benefit his family business
And yet you sat on your thumbs while obama was killing US Citizens with drone strikes- you're all progressive frauds and hypocrites.
He will tell you....I'm President your not, rules of the constitution do not apply to me, I am above the law.
@abracadabraNY @POTUS @timkaine Thank you. Don't stop until he is held accountable. Strong work. #ImpeachTrump
Thank you
Once again we need to hear more about the investigation from you, since the United States bomb Syria we haven't heard a word from you
What's your predection, will you get any response, let alone one that is responsive to your valid concerns?
You need to be voted OUT!
You are an embarrassment and your political grandstanding has been absent for 8 yrs where were you during #Benghazi?  Selective legislative
You need to censure the most recent air strikes. We are not at war with Syria or Afghanistan. Due process!
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepAdamSchiff/status/856870838779465728 … (Ranked 6th for Apr 25.)
The USA Constitution provides Congress alone with the power to declare war. Wanted: Legal justification for Syrian Strike,
You do know that potus doesn't read, don't you...
Thank You#
Editing note: Main meaning of "fulsome" is not ample or abundant, as it is used here, but disgustingly overabundant http://www.dictionary.com/browse/fulsome 
Please Rep. Schiff. Try to insure that before Potus starts Korean War 2, he MUST get Congressional approval! Psycho ignoramous in WH.
Thank you for doing your job well.
U need to have some quit time w robby he will comfort u , No one cares
@timkaine As your constituent, I ask you to please heed Mr. Schiff's request for legal justification on the Syrian strike. #20165
U oppose all he does. Very dishonest
what about Bush and 2003 Iraq invasion? WPA not formal dec.
Congressman, they will send back a blank sheet of paper. Authoritarian narcissists have no need for Constitutions.
Another rep that needs to be replaced.
Thank u very much for attempting to assert Congressional authority w/the Liar-in-Chief, however, I'm afraid Trump is a.) Much too stupid 1/2
2/2 to know and understand 90% of the words u used and b.) becuz of said stupidity, he has the attn span of a gnat. In addition,
Had Pres Obama EVER pulled a stunt like this, he would have been IMMEDIATELY Impeached 4 his blatant disregard 4 Constitutional Law on War!!
Did you write to @POTUS44 to have a vote on the Iranian nuclear deal? Were you worried about Congress' constitutional treaty powers?
We all know that the @GOP is in on taking money from Russia. @GOP will not say or do anything to trump no matter if what he does is illegal.
Thank you
Rep.Schiff, if uve evr wanted 2 wear Superman's cape, now is the time.  Visit/Browse http://TSanMisc.com 
Only u can stop this madness called Donald Trump. America screams, "Please do so quickly"  TSanMisc.
Ur getting off focus Mr. Schiff, he just refused 2 give u evidence about Flynn.  http://TSanMisc.com 
Thank you RepAdam Schiff for holding the Constitutional line.
#SpecialProsecutor!
We need a independent investigation
don't you know, you must keep to 3 skeletal  paragraphs as @potus illiterate
@sherndds @POTUS @timkaine What will u do @ stopping T from bombing NK? Need to be proactive, not reactive! #trumprussia
Please don't refer him as @POTUS. He's an #entertainer
While I agree with you in this instance, I would claim that congress has been weak on this kind of thing since the Korean War.
AKA the "police action".  Then there was Vietnam, Kuwait, Afghanistan, Iraq and a host of other smaller events.
Congress has been subservient to presidents on war powers for far too long.  It's just worse now with a madman in office.
Thank you Adam. Hopefully this will prevent yet more indiscriminate and unauthorized attacks that should require congressional approval.
Good work Congressman.  He will be hold accountable.
The strike was cover up King Trump wanted to change the discourses  about Russia meddling to election 2016 with his complicity. 
Keep on
You might need to explain what "fulsome" means to 45, assuming he reads that far.
Trump is a dictator  period. We have evict  him before he causes harm to our country 
He is Putin like.
FOCUS on criminal ethics problems! GET THAT DONE, whatever it takes.
Yea so you're saying gassing innocent citizens and helpless children is ok in the #Democratic congress
"I am POTUS. Resistance is futile."
You go Adam Schiff. You are one of the really smart ones in congress. Keep on their tail. Something was really fishy about that bombing.
GOOD WORK GUYS! THE CONSTITUTION NEEDS TO BE UPHELD. ESPECIALLY WITH BOMBS. Donald should not make these decisions alone or with friends.
He will never read that. Somebody might give him the highlights. If it's not a check pretty sure it will be ignored
Adam, how did you ever get elected. First it Russ trolling now its the missile strike in Syria this shows how sad a politician you really r
Thank you .@RepAdamSchiff for being first responder to save our democracy.
Grateful Nurse
#trumprussia
One of the standout Democrats, wish we had more like you.
Schiff is on it.
Yes! Thank you! More like this, please.
"Putin planned it all: the gas attack, the feckless response w warning, the feigned anger between us - he needed cover as my puppet master"
Let's get this show on the road. Most of you are as quiet as mice. Thanks for speaking up. Tell your colleagues they're going home!
@gayCAsportsfan @POTUS @timkaine  Schiff please run in2020
War on Terror is not a license to bomb everyone.
You gentlemen are exactly the type of legislators this country desperately needs right now. Thank you!! #NeverTrump
Thank you @RepAdamSchiff
Ivankas Tears R NOT Justification 2 Bomb Syria W/O Prior Authorization Fr Congress. 3 BRANCHES OF GOV, NOT 1
BIG risk having a POTUS who bombs to distract....during IMPEACHMENT he could NUKE to avoid!
what's Chaffetz still doing around?  He should of been charged with a crime for what he did by now along w/those WH creeps planned charade
Doesn't need your approval. Jerk !
good luck with a response from WH!
National Interest? Trump only has his interest, and wants to use the taxpayers money to fund it.
More than a letter is needed to hold Trump & his administration accountable.  What is next if no response?
Thank you Mr Schiff. I really appreciate your team staying on top of this very important constitutional role you have.
STOP him from making war with North Korea!!!!
Rachel Maddow said Trump has no vetting paperwork on Flynn to provide   Congress? If true then what about the rest of Trump's cabinet?
We need to go through these motions. When indictments come down, it will be another item on the long and distinguished list of illegal acts.
Thank you! #trump can't pick a new weapon to play with every week or so.

Don owns stock in the company (or companies) that manufactures the missile or make a part or provide technology for it is that correct?
Raytheon, correct.
If he can find his crayons he'll respond.
You know we are sick of this bullshit.  Why can't yawl just do your job and quit acting like children OMG
Thank you.
Adam Schiff for President 2020!
She's about as useful as a full fledged STROKE!
Don't forget Russia/Trump investigation. Most important thing on your plate. Americans deserve the truth. Go after Flynn he's a smoking gun
Problem is, he can't read any big words...
Thank you Rep. Schiff for standing up for our U.S. Constitution. It seems that Trump doesn't know the constitution.
Good luck with that.
What does buzz say woody
He is not a dictator
It's really disheartening to see,sometimes I feel hopeful other times not so much,depends who I read.Stay strong.
great write up... next time keep it to two paragraphs for @POTUS  just sayin.
Thank you for your leadership.  #ImpeachTrump

Don't let this lunatic get thousands of people killed because he needs wants to distract attention from his treasonous past.
Thank you @RepAdamSchiff
Syria, North Korea, most anywhere just so he can get the heat off the Russia connections. Too bad Grenada had already been used.
What aboutTrump investigation?EMERGENCY-CRISIS-CRITICAL
#VoteThemOut
#Impeach45
#TrumpRussia
#TheResistance
#FireThemAll
#TrumpColluded
Kind of like when Obama ordered drone strikes in Pakistan w/0 congressional authorization basically, or like Bush, or every pres since LBJ
Thank you both. You stand up for our Constitution, the measure of what we should do. We stand behind you.
Keep up the pressure! We certainly can't rely on the republicans to be honest!
If he responds I will be surprised.  Need to hurry with #Trumprussia investigations. Need GOP onboard to get Trump's taxes.
T needs to realize he is not a king ?!?!?!?!?!?  He's just a Prick !!!!!!!
He will have to get someone to read it and explain it to him.
You guys are assuming he can read.  That's a stretch.
Thank you @RepAdamSchiff for taking the Constitution seriously, unlike your colleagues in the GOP.
Thank you! Keep up this important work!
Your the perfect reason I'm no longer a Democrap!
@RepAdamSchiff
I hope you used very small words
repeated them often
mixed those same small words & used them in every sentence
He gets that
You make me feel better about the United States.
What was the legal justification for Obama executing an American citizen without due process?
Just wrote a letter to @POTUS And @timkaine about the dinner you had with the #RussianEmpire
Thank you for your diligence
How about selling cluster bombs to Syria?
What about the MOAB dropped on Afghanistan?  How about troops in Somalia AGAIN?  Didn't that work out just swell last time?  :(
Thank you for your integrity and diligence, sir. You can't turn your back on GOP, they are complicit.  Bravo.
Keep calling for independent investigation into Russia's interference in our election/ administration.
Thank you!
Do you really think he understands what "constitutional war powers" is?
evan if @realDonaldTrump knows how to read, i doubt he is able to comprehend this.  best send pictures the next time.
You're a hypocrite.
Thank you. Please keep up the truth finding. When will arrests be made?
Thanks for trying to keep the White House operating within the law
Wow I was reading some of your reply' s The left and your followers are seriously unhinged
Keep banging that pot, Adam. I don't think the Don is listening though.
Absolutely no war with North Korea!!! NO NO NO!
They will take constitutional war powers if they feel the need to. You hear him beating the drums and rattling the sabers at NK, don't you?
Stay on top of him. He's not above starting a war to distract.
Bravo, Rep. Schiff and Sen. Kaine
Such a rediculous  act of BS
Applause! I was wondering when a member of congress would take a stand--and you did! Power corrupts, but we must take a stand to prevent it.
#Schiff2020
Thank you Rep Schiff!!  #WeThePeople are counting on elected leaders like you to do the right thing and have our backs!
Dear @RepAdamSchiff: Your letter is coherent, grammatically correct, and thoughtful. Darn.... Couldn't you have just tweeted instead??
waste of time if you can't see the obvious ! Not a supprized coming from demoncrates
Thank you Adam Schiff for all of your hard work.  Trump is a liar and lawbreaker.
potus don't read
#ImpeachTrump 
#dumbdownwithdonnie
Congressman Schiff, THANK YOU!!!!
Can you please get with The House and start Impeachment?!?
Unworthy to be in office. Hillary sold uranium to Russia. Obama is full of treason since day 1. You never raised a eyebrow.
“you’re”
Correcting auto correct, that's when you know you've made it!
