Let's celebrate the role of the individual to vote, speak, peacefully protest & shape, through civic activism, the direction of the country
From nationwide Women's Marches, to spontaneous demonstrations against the Muslim ban & stopping repeal of the ACA, people power works
We must always balance that popular activism with a requirement to be peaceful--violence has no place in civic discussion
So let's vigorously & respectfully play the roles we have the fortune to inhabit. So many around the world don't have the freedoms we do
this can't be true cane you and the Democrats are trying to erase history "Hippocrates"all of you!
Can majority of americans band together and sue republican party for electing unqualified, inexperienced 45 as their candidate?
Now more than ever we must fight to uphold the rights afforded us by our forefathers for good of democracy.We must utilize voice of dissent
Can majority of americans band together and sue republican party for electing unqualified, inexperienced 45 as their candidate?
You libs have a funny way of celebrating the Constitution, or did you just misspell "undermine"?
#notmypresident unfortunately doesn't care about or respect our #constitution
He can't spell constitution... 
So let's stop taking down our history and statues. It's our history.
#TRUTH #ConstitutionDay #Legacy #Constitution #Laws Criminal or Civil we #Americans #PEOPLEPOWER to STOP Trump, GOP cruelty #EnoughIsEnough!
Unfortunatley, we have people in the WH who are ignorant of the Constitution content. They need a class on what it is about. #SaveUSA
2016 presented & 2017 presents the perfect opportunities to put our Constitution to work for Us. So far a sad failure.
You are late for April Fools day
It's a shame you don't grasp it Tim .you really should sit down and read it
The idea Obama's tenure was ethically pure would be laughable to say the least. Let's not forget he ignored executive branch limitations.
@MarkWarner get on board with senator lindsey grahams healthcare plan
I had no idea you were concerned with the Constitution
Tim, you are a hypocrite pure and simple.
How about grasping the concepts and the ideals of federalism installed in our founding document. Try something new. Follow the Constitution
Sen Tim Kaine is a TRAITOR to the U.S.
This would mean more if you weren't for an ever expanding, invasive, bloated, collectivist govt rather than one restrained by the Const.
....unless it hurts our feelings, and then we must erase it.
Well why don't you act like a constitutionalist instead of a spoiled child about the 2016 election.
I just wish everyone in america would grasp the meaning of it
#GlobalVaccineSummit. #injuredarmy
Mike Signer you retweeting but you can start honoring the Constituion by ordering arrest for assaults that happened in your town
Why don't you uphold the constitution Tim the traitor resign
Yes Timmy let's start by locking up CRIMINALS.
When will impeachment proceedings for the Russian asset in the Oval Office?
Bump.
@RichardKoepsell I love this picture 
Happy Constitution day ! Proud to be an American !
cyber bullying, cyber harrasment is against the law, twitter should shut down prez account for constant harrassment of hillary
The state of Florida knowingly ignore the Constitution sent me to prison for 40 years knowing I am innocent I m a pro se indigent
It hid exonerating evidence
Then why in the hell is all confederate monuments being taken down, heritage southern heritage
Gee,if CVille had honored the Constitution  none of the mess there would have happened.But u guys so chicken shit over words  u flipped out.
CREEPY TIM AT IT AGAIN
Amen. And we must understand the real threat @realDonaldTrump and his @GOP supporters pose to the Constitution and our institutions.
Senator Kaine, could you please get a Constitutional tutor for President Trump?
Have you offered to read it aloud to #PresidentCrazyPants whose frightening ignorance endangers us all?
Mr. Kaine, we need our local public education agencies to nehave first more than anything.
Indeed. Meanwhile, golf outing #61 since taking office.
Kinda makes me wish our president would read it!
Follow the constitution as an elected official
Can I for one think it's unconstitutional to keep service members in Lagos Nigeria longer than the 6 months they agreed to
You should also insure we follow it
Happiness will be natural byproduct when we let citizens join Live Well Health & Wellness Coop that runs on & rewards volunteers...even you
Today marks one year since Hillary Clinton called all Trump supporters irredeemable and baskets of deplorables. Happy Deplorable Day! #MAGA
If that was the case you would returning power to the states and slashing the federal budget and bureaucracy
Start by reading the Constitution.
Please read it.
And the very real peril that heritage is in right now.
Someone should send a copy to trump.
And you should read the Constitution, or have someone read it to you.
Vote NO on amendments 877 AND 878 to the Continuing Resolution
I hope you will grasp our heritage and not the heritage of those here illegally.
Too bad so many in power don't understand it, misinterpret it, or plainly don't give a shit about it.
And I'm talking about state and municipal court judges that preside over criminal cases, not just the federal executive branch.
Yet you continue to suppress people's First Amendment rights of free speech by selectively supporting some but not others. #freespeech
Timothy have you ever read the Constitution? You policies and beliefs are anti-Constitution
You might want to read it,,,,,,
Would be a great day for many Americans to truly read it. Not an exec summary. All of it. Not just #1A or #2A. Every word. #ConstitutionDay
Our constitution embraces slavery and white supremacy it should be a hard thing to celebrate!
Its about time you speak against what is happening to our constitution under 45! You might have a word with him about HIS VIOLENCE
Oh we grasp it alright. We have a complete imbecile in the WH. Congress, either powerless or worse, does nothing.
Well then follow it instead of trying destroying this country with liberals believe
We should. I think a good way to do that would be to actually follow it.
And you need to get out of politics, and take your Antifa son w/you.
Oh ya 
and amend it so we never are in this position again.
It's kind of ironic you start a tweet about the constitution then trash it seconds later.
@realdonaldtrump IS ACTIVELY PRACTICING VIOLENCE TOWARD WOMEN.
Senator Kane:Please speak out on this. It is NOT about Hillary.See Trump's statements really Ms. Hill.Trump IS a dangerous man in many ways.
thank you for not texting something political we are so done with this I didn't vote for you in November but I respect u
And condem the president that is destroying it all.
Let's be honest Tim, you and your fellow Democrats have no respect for the constitution.
Starting with you
Tim Kaine...we want and need your "visibility"...65 million of us voted in your support!
The Constitution has failed us.
The heritage that @timkaine embraces is one of white supremacist oligarchy & terrorism.
Doesn't that include denouncing Antifa?
Is pay to play, rigging elections, creating fake stories about your opponent in the Constitution?
Do we still have one with this administration?
I wish trump would follow it.
Some people in ofc (45) are stepping all over it right now
While you are celebrating the anniversary of the constitution your ANTI First Amendment criminal son is protesting against America. #MAGA
What are you talking about commie? You want to shred the constitution. It stand in the way of your dystopian paradise
Yes so let's fix #DACA, replace #Healthcare #ACA and dem and reps start working together more to get stuff done. Quit wastin monies and time
It's a Republic...if we can keep it. 
What we really need to do is drain the swamp and you are a big part of that swamp
Shame on me, I did not realize it was constitution day! Thx for enlightening me. I will research the Heritage#Constitution day
You sir are a 100% hypocrite.

This is a sad day for most Democrats.
Maybe you can try actually reading it for a change
You should definitely think more on it.
Old Man Mitchell says your party wants to burn it all down
and not wear masks and fight against the constitution like your son.
And let's hope it survives the next three years!
...and disregard the idiot in the Oval Office.
Apparently,  nobody told @realDonaldTrump. SMH that @PressSec failed again!
Imagine if you discovered the 2A was really a gun control Amendment. What would you do? I researched it.  https://medium.com/militia-stand-down-the-first-objective-reading-of/militia-stand-down-the-first-objective-reading-of-the-2nd-amendment-58d51f2d42e4 …
How disingenuous of you to bring up the constitution
Did anyone think to celebrate the #230thAnniversaryOfTheConstitution by sending one to Trump and all his cabinet? They're still clueless.
you need to read it !
We need to get a grip, that's for sure. First step, Democrats take back Congress.
According to you is probably antifa.
@realDonaldTrump could have mentioned this today instead of showing Hillary being assaulted with a golf ball. #deplorable
Fuck you .. you bum and cull.. your only mission is to destory the constitution by not following and corrupting it
Tell that to DT. Seems to ignore it on an almost daily basis. Also needs to read it. If he can read. Not doing jos job. Enforce the law
Except w/immigrant. So pathetic.
Perhaps as a tribute, someone could explain the Constitution to @POTUS ? And maybe to his base as well? Just sayin'.
Does the POTUS know it's Constitution Day?
Yes! We have a fake president @realDonaldTrump that is destroying our constitution.
I'm no Trump fan, but in what way is Trump destroying the constitution?
Sadly,the corrupt GOP, Criminal in Chief,his staff & cabinet have placed the Constitution on life support. It's power is now a fantasy
"Utterly Speechless"
Sick of hearing about the power of US Constitution for citizens! Right now like democracy under GOP & Trump, it's dead in the water!
When you were sworn in as a Senator did understand the part about upholding our Constitution?
WE WANT SINGLE PAYER
You're a HYPOCRITE. You say one thing then do another, very frequently.
Agreed, sir, but saying "heritage we have inherited" is a tautology.
Many still haven't grasped the president we elected
And @TheDemocrats understand the constitution also details the electoral college and presidential power on immigration, works both ways.
Congrats! America is great
Please have your colleagues re-read the Constitution. A lot of them have seemed to have forgotten. Surely there are some in DC? Yeah?
They don't read the bills they vote for. My wariness of them makes me believe there are a handful that have never read it to begin with.
Agree! Just like Orin Hatch being clueless when Sen McCaskill asked about their HC secrecy. Unbelievable!
Yeah. One where the clown you elected president hasn't ever read the thing.
Do you know who Tim Kaine is? Pretty sure he didn't elect Trump.
Sorry. I meant "you" as in Americans. Not "you" as in specific person. But I don't see any impeachment hearings happening. Why?
Sorry. My wife has been crying & sighing & "if onlying" reading "What Happened". I'm feeling defensive of the campaign.
I get it. A lot of people are tired and worn down. They want the madness to end. It's okay.
Injustice is a denial of ones constitutional rights.... #justiceformichaelbrandel
And the daily assaults on that constitution  by trump regime!
And the radical left
And how completely ignored our Constitution is by this mentally unstable prez.. SECTION 4
@realDonaldTrump should be reading this instead of retweeting violence against an opponent and bullying remarks. #BePresidential
Please.....  you hate the constitution
You should try reading it at least once.
Make sure the CNP in government can't call a Constitutional Convention.
Let's not forget how much our Constitution has been amended to better reflect America's values and goals. #ConstitutionDay
Let's not forget how much it is ignored as well
Vote to pass SA639 as part of NDAA 2018. Medically Retired Disabled Veterans deserve their earned retirement!
And we need to grasp the danger that all we hold dear is in
Maybe someone...anyone...would give our POTUS a briefing on what our Constitution is...i am sure he hasn't a clue
Like 1.8.4?
Someone needs to tell Trump to read the constitution. He has no idea what it says. #ConstitutionDay
I think he should read it too
What article has he violated?
And the danger we are in as we allow a POTUS to trample all over it. #ImpeachTrump
Does Trump knows history of our constitution?
Thanks to the founding fathers
Absolutely
Is that the same heritage your #ANTIFA son is fighting to destroy?
Today people are more interested in tearing down our heritage and history. No appreciation for this country or its leaders.
I'm sure the framers would be proud of @realDonaldTrump.  
Wonder what they would have thought of obummer?
OMG SENATOR!!!!!  PLEASE READ IT FOR ONCE
Can I get a high five at Worlds Fair Nano later?
