I've been explaining that to my senators for months. They do not seem to be listening.
I've called both my Senators.
Stay away from Obamacare,when it folds, people will be without coverage and blame Demwits.
Please RT :)
@marcorubio doesn't care. Tried several times.
You have Rubio I have Psycho Ted Cruz but I keep calling
Hey Cynthia, yes Ted Cruz is crazy, really! But with Rubio he always wants to play the card of a nice person, catholic, and he does NOTHING!
Your guy pretends to be Catholic my guy pretends to be Christian. They are both nuts :)
I can't. Too many dead bodies of people who've lost their health insurance, blocking my access to the phone. HELP ME!!!
They don't care Sen. Kaine
Sad but true. (I live in Kentucky, so we get a double dose.)
Would be great if their staff had answers. Not one GOP office that I called knew their bosses position on healthcare. Tex,Cal, Wis, OH, KY
Lie
Potentially lower premiums hopefully
Tim Kaine voted for a system like the EU system that takes control of u and ur loves ones life's.They decide if u live or die like baby Gard
My Senator's inbox if full.
I don't think mine care
Sen Toomey shut down his phones. Election time we'll show him who's boss!
In Texas, there is no one to call.  We are screwed.
Yes if you are in Texas and a Demwit you are screwed. Not because your in Texas but because your a Demwit
A dimwit uses misspelled words.  Not, "your."  In this case, it would be, "You are, " or The contraction, "You're."    Dr. Suzi Robertson+
This is what's at stake. No choices and rising cost. I have never seen anyone talk about ways to lower cost !
This is what happens when U vote in a law that says U can buy insurance from one company. Then the company can names their own price, smart
Dems R corrupt, they haven't won an election in five yrs, they lost House,Senate,31state legislatures,900 seats,WH, 4 emergency elections
I would call my Senator Timmy, but all I have are two dysfunctional DEMOCRATS representing me,.. we're going to change that in 2018!!!
Timmy, read this speech very carefully.....

https://www.facebook.com/bearingdrift/?hc_ref=ARStYM1RG54cabJB9MmMJjNAkwx4cNnDHmUioaQlwqvPqn3325rXpZH2p5Qv_4RUkWg&fref=nf&pnref=story&hc_location=ufi …
Yeah ,repeal healthcare
Get s life redneck.  Do u really believe what you say.  Did u think Obamacare was great ?
Is it ok to call those who don't represent our states?  Surprisingly, our senators are Democrats.
You think they care?
@timkaine I called Corker & Alexander - 2 grown sons will lose healthcare. I am willing to pay for healthcare for all & no Medicaid repeal
I'd call you and @MarkWarner, but something tells me you already know.
I'm originally from KY but live in VA -much happier with you being my senator than Mitch.  Fight for us!!!!!!
I tried, Tim! Twomey's office won't answer the phone.
We did that when we voted
i have called both you and @MarkWarner and neither of you care how expensive insurance is for working americans #DrainTheSwamp
If you're getting Obozocare for free the Dumbocrats want you to call & complain. If you're paying your own premiums then dig deeper. #MAGA
@SenDeanHeller 's offices are not answering phones and mailboxes are full...
I did, and pleaded with them to Repeal and Replace!  Out of control costs are crazy, $1,100 per month and $13,000 deductible.  $$ wasted $$
Your obstruction is noted.
Mine won't answer their phones. In DC or the local office. @tedcruz @JohnCornyn
Here is how to reach them
I called/wrote my Senator Rubio @marcorubio several times. He seems he doesn't care about our opinion 
I voted for you, we need help 
Call Senate Switchboard at (202) 224-3121. Tell your senators to vote NO on any vote or motion that would move the ACA repeal forward.
Yes let it fold,then people will be without coverage and people will blame Demwits because no Republicans voted for Obamacare not one.
I called @SenToomey 2day. My imm family has no stake in HC. So I'm fighting 4 those who need HC.
You should be working with Republicans to make insurance better. Privatize it. Free market is best solution with high risk pools.
My senators don't listen to me. The only one that even responds is Sen. Boozman and he is just against ACA. I feel like I don't matter.
Rest assured: we're calling our Senators & reminding them of the 2016 campaign promise to REPEAL.
Not that they have the balls to do it.
I'm just thankful Va. Has 2 GREAT Senators.
Will they go to a cancer therapy center and tell patients that it could be their last treatment. Their loyalty is to king
Trump .
How about that Obamacare socialized medicine. Just like EU. Where they decided Baby Gard should die and denied parents permission to treat
I live in Arkansas. Where they dont give a damn.
45 demands adoration thru rallies & loyalty but he NEVER returns it. the republicans think they using him for their agenda-wait til 2018
Republicans will win more seats in 2018,Dems lost 9 major elections over 5 yrs.they have won anything in five years. They lost everything
Republicans have sold their souls (like Spicer did) to 45 who will turn on them by 2018. they should pay attention to the lack of loyalty
Did it!
45 has turned on everyone just wait til these Republicans run in 2018. 45 won't be there for them. will publicly defame them. that's his MO
They meed to remember that it was the people who elected them not the GOP. Loyalty and respect to the constituency. #POTUSNOTKING
They told you screw you, we want Hillbillary and don't care who you want and then rigged their own elections
I'm trying but the mailbox is always full
Some didn't care for $12,000 deductibles or losing access to their doctor..you didn't care about families then?!
Is your family @timkaine  covered by the ACA? If not, why not?
Don't bother calling @timkaine unless you are a campaign donor. He won't hear or listen otherwise.

Love you, Tim, and glad you're my Senator. But fuck the Republicans, especially that DICK Goodlatt an embarrassment to our congress dist.
This mentality is why Demwits lost everything and control nothing.
Don't stop with a call to a Republican  Call a @timkaine Dem senator 2. Ask them ALL if THEY are signed up for the ACA. Doubt it!
I did.  Will @ChuckGrassley or @SenJoniErnst listen?
Called mine and my parents'
done & done! @SenatorTimScott @LindseyGrahamSC #SaveOurCare
What if our senators don't listen to our concerns? A lot of TNs have reached out to @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander, they're #TrumpLackeys
Impeach him now
My senator Rob Portman won't answer his phone. I've been trying for two days.
I did but all I can say is ......they no longer care!!!!
Senator Kaine do you think I get to actually speak to a GOP coward when I call their office. Need their cell #'S please!
You don't get to speak to the socialist democrats either, dear.  Bless your heart.
Will do again Senator Kaine. Problem in Florida is our Senator says one thing and does another. Rubio owes Trump something.
Trying to get thru on the phone! Call local offices b/c DC offices are jammed! FYI!
They absolutely could not care less what is at stake for American families. They are all complicit in high treason.#ISISRepublicans
Hard to see how the so called President is destroying our democracy and the Congress just seat and do nothing!!!
Yes, I did
@marcorubio doesn't answer phone or talk to constituents
Happened the same with @marcorubio
i think the problem is is that we the people have given up faith that our opinions matter to Sens. They don't care. #partyfirst
Repealing Ocare will also hurt people on private insurance. Starting with Pre-existing conditions.
Most of them are not answering their phones today which is so telling.
Our neighbor @SenCapito could use some good advice!  Tell her to vote no!
What is going on in America? I'm on the outside looking in....can't believe what I'm seeing
Kill the bill, impeach
Democrats ain't listening. You just parade out your rock star that got covered while you screw everybody. FU!
Remind them what's at stake for them as well. Anyone who doesn't vote to #RepealObamacare ONLY will be replaced in 2018, 2020.
The prospect for socialized healthcare are at stake. That was BHOs first step toward the destruction of the American way of life.
No ones gonna call you bro...  
You can call Trump, bro 
My Republican Senator is @SenToomey so there's no point. And we're stuck w/ him until at least 2022.
Been there, done that, own the T-shirt, but they do not listen. They refuse 2 listen 2 the people.
Two words-OUR LIVES
Here's the switchboard number:
I asked them to vote yes .Thanks for the number .
