Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon calls on Sen. Bob Corker to resign http://cnn.it/2g7SogU  
Who the hell is Bannon to call on anyone to resign?? He needs to keep his damn nose out of our White House!
Do you seriously think I care about the opinion of a troll?
Awwwww your fee fees hurt? Sorry cupcake but data and data sources don't lie so shoo troll!
I'm pretty sure Bannon too an oath too. But maybe his finger we're crossed.
Why does anyone care what Bannon says?
Good question. I guess he's still riding out his 15 minutes of fame.
This country needs to work harder at not caring what these people say.
You mean like congress works hard at not caring what constituents think?
The majority in Congress works hard for the people they think are their constituents. Just not the other 90% of Americans.
Probably well over 95%. Anyone who can't afford to get their attention. #LetUsEatCake
Cake?
They "had the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you’ve ever seen."
Republikan Corker will still vote the GOP Party Line in the Senate, on McConnell's agenda, be not fooled over that !!!
Agree DC C. All a show. He will vote along party lines. Hypocrite.
These guys (ie Corker & Scalise) just don't have Epiphanies, and leave their racist bigoted hatreds behind. Just doesn't happen!
They have brought their true colors to light. Can't ever take that shit back.
Trump didn't create these misogynistic assholes within the GOPParty, he merely pulled back the White Sheets to reveal them slithering below.
.@timkaine, sounds like Bannon is still running the country.
Corker is a coward. Accomplish’s nothing in his own life. Critical of other who have the courage to make it on their own.  #maga
POS Bannonshould crawl back International the hole he came from. He is irrelevant
Bannon is the devil who wants to destroy the world! He needs to be tried for treason and be banished to Siberia! So wrong'
Yes
Screw Brieitbart and Bannons "opinion" it's not law and people need to understand this. Bannon is just a thug using his platform to push his twisted opinions.  Served in the navy for 7 yrs and then turned on our country. Sad!
Ahh...a good reason I follow my across the aisle Senators.  Nice tweet 
Bannon is an idiot. I wouldn’t even dignify his  comment with a response. But well said! Oh how we wish you and Hillary were in the WH!
You crack me up Tim Kaine,
Why is #MSM reporting the words that exit the mouth of this walking hepatoma?
Looks like Bannon is getting the platform he wanted.
I wish others understood that when speaking on the issues of kneeling...No Veteran took an oath to defend a flag.
Wake up and see America as the greatest country in the world. I fought in two wars and have the wounds to prove it.
Corker aided and abetted the #CriminalObama regime with the deadly Iran deal.
Steve Beitbart is an alcoholic whose judgment is deeply impaired. The media needs to stop giving him a platform for his White Nationalism.
You should delete your account and stay off my timeline. Only educated people are allowed to read it, not that you could anyways Trumpflake.
How did Kaine ever get elected? He has been wrong and/or missed on so many issues. What does taking an oath have with twitter comments?
Corker is playing his part in the smoke and mirrors game of the GOP. Focus: tax cut, Russian sanctions, CHIP, PR, guns, Mueller, SCOTUS.
Bannon should just hush.
Brannon is awfully impressed with his self-importance.  What an angry nasty divisive man.
Ok what is a bot list.
Well said!

You look like giving advice YOU SNAKE...Save some for your son...CLOWN
What, on Earth, did these people learn (and not learn) in high school civics/history class??
#asshole
Steve Bannon is a cretenous ghoul he is every bit as dangerous as the lunatic he and Vlad put in office.
#invoke25th
Excellent point @timKaine
We need the rest of these spineless souls to remember that oath - and the constituents that elected them - and STEP UP NOW
Right in more ways than you know. That's what we all want. Uphold the Constitution and do what you promised. #MAGA
Yes, and perhaps you and other Democrats should take a lesson from those who honor their oath to defend the Constitution.
Trump, his cabinet, Bannon need a lessons in Civics, History and the Constitution.  They don't understand this is not Russia
Thank You and Thank Sen. Bob Corker for the truth
Thank you mr. Kaine. You are right on spec.
And who the hell is Steve Bannon to "call" on ANYONE to resign? He's an alt-right tabloid publisher. Corker's an elected official. Shut up.
Even #FoxNews can't get ONE #GOP Sen. to go on-Air & defend #trump or refute what Sen. Corker said. NOT ONE #trump is #unfit4office
This man Bannonis straight demonic
...and Sen Corker is there to represent the interests of the people in the state of Tennessee, not be a boot licking lackey for Trump.
Breitbart is following Russian political ideology. NOT democracy. Sen Corker knows constitution & government. Bannon trying to destroy it!
FUCK STEVE BANNON. And to quote Seth MacFarlane, “oh just die already” @SethMacFarlane #FamilyGuy
Wish he would find a rock to climb under
Nazi Bannon didn't elect Corker , who is one of the few GOP men !!
Hey Timmy!  What are you doing these days?  How’s your son doing?
I’d be more appreciative of commitments to oaths if the non-retiring GOP’rs would speak up.
We need to stop giving Bannon and his type all this attention.
Thank you @timkaine
Who cares what you think, mr banning
So what?  This man is a danger in preserving our democracy
Why does anyone care one bit what Steve Bannon wants?
OMG. Do we live in feudal Europe/ the Medici court? This is insane. Bannon mistakes his position and his power. Sadly, 45 is anyon'es puppet
Banning is a DRUNK & trump is a RAPIST AND A FRAUD
Why is anyone still listening to Bannon???
Are you the Vice Presidential Candidate who had a crowd of 35 supporters! You are the loser & now are deemed worthless! MAGA!
Bannon is such a joke
Well, I call on Bannon to go to a dentist before appearing on tv, asap!
Might want Corker to resign before he helps other republicans find their balls and stand up to this wacko in chief and start impeachment.
OUT WITH THE OLD IN WITH THE NEW , EVER HEARD OF THAT ONE ?
Just realized sir, you are absurd. Thought you were shrewd
& intelligent. Was scared,now not so much.
This is re: Bannon ,not Sen.Kaine. Bannon,tetched!
Kaine,tethered!
Every congressperson did, so maybe everyone who is not speaking truth & protecting people and constitution over party should be the ones out
Bannon is an author of anarchy and breitbart and fox are propaganda organizations.
Screw what Bannon wants!!
Bannon appeared on the Netflix Movie about Goldman Sachs as a cheerleader for them. Was shocked to see that. Didn't realize he was a puppet.
STEVE BANNON IS SUCH A SLEEZE BAG HE SMELLS .WOULD SEE HIM ON TV HUNGOVER , SHIRT COMING OUT OF HIS PANTS, AND HAIR GOING EVERY WHERE. GROSS
So now we call on those we disagree with to resign? In that case, @POTUS, do me a favor. Also, why is unflattering coverage fake news?
A voice of reason in the eye of the hurricane
Really! Why would anyone listen to Steve Bannon. Sad human being
Thank you, Tim Kaine. Pls keep setting the record straight. Help preserve our democracy and protect our environment...and our people!
Steve Bannon is an unbelievable  sad person. Why anyone would follow or listen to him??
Look what you said protect the constitution and y'all trying to get rid of it
Ty our legitimate VP we know this was the most crooked election ever #TheResistance
So did you, and you haven't defended anything but your party
I have stood behind past repub pres...since Nixon stepped down...I CAN NOT SUPPORT  The Traitor in Chief. We are in crisis. GOP=no balls.
Can you please resign?  You can be his golf buddy.
Love to see a Democrat defend Republican...got to get back to more of this!
Thank you for the defense of Corker. Bannon is a nut case like Trump. Our country is heading for a disaster, please help Mr. Kaine!
Bannon a fool and a traitor. His opinion means absolutely nothing.
@SteveBannen is a nobody. He can’t ask anyone to resign
You of all people appealing to the founders 
What about YOUR oath, Tim? You’re no better. Virginia knows what you are, and YOU can expect to be held accountable on Election Day.
Who does this guy think he is? I call for DJT to resign. Nope nothing
Steve Bannon works for Bobert Mercer
Bannon is a loose cannon. I’m sure there is some real dirt in this guy. Reporters please take him down.
Hey Tim isn’t it your state trying to give voting rights to non-citizens for state & local elections. I don’t think that is in Constitution
Who is the hell is Bannon to say anything - ex everything!! 
Preach it Senator!!
So the Iran deal was approved by the Senate as spelled out in the Constitution?  

Try again.
YOU saying take it up with the Founders makes me laugh vv hard up here in #NorthernVirginia Thanks!
Oh hey loser, funny thing is, you never stopped Barry did you?  #HateAllHypocrites
@BobCorker last thought of the Constitition 35 years ago,
Bannon is a nobody used to be racist talk show host don't give him a platform.The people now the cat is out of bag distracting impeach Trump
WAKE UP! Bannon's plan is to create chaos, destroy the press and the gov't, and stage a fascist coup. He hates the constitution and the law.
Its funny Kaine when you and your fellow Dems Quote the Constitution. You supported Obama how many times when he violated the Constitution.
Bannon can go....[insert rude suggestion]!
Make a point to not vote for any candidate he is behind! For me! I will vote a Democratic ticket!
The news and social media needs to not put his Brannon’s poison out there! Stop giving him a platform to stand on- if sober...
Yes and yet look at the mess in the WH and our country by current adm. The U.S. is in a world of hurt. get 45 OUT.
Who cares what Bannon wants?
So did you, yet you work against the Constitution.
So did you Senator to uphold all the laws and ensure enforcement. Yet you & other Dems prioritize illegal aliens over natural citizens
Corker should never resign but stand up to the other weaknesses in his party and fight for America not cower to Trump!
Didn't you take that same oath? Yet you chose to align yourself with the most corrupt American politician in history? Hypocritical at best!
Why is everyone trying to take over? We are servants of one another. Awee...Come on America. Go figure.
Your son is gonna get buggered in prison bro
Bannon, thank god he is gone.
If only more would voice their true opinions AND take action.
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Corker stopped working for the american people years ago..DRAIN the swamp YOU included
Then practice what you preach

Bannon literally doesn't know about co-equal branches of government. Can't comprehend how GOP Senators keep disobeying #EmperorTrump.
That man is far more intelligent than the likes of you or I.
Just WHO is this arrogant Steve Bannon and why should anyone listen to him? Thank God he's out of the White House.
Oh, there you go again #LyingKaine #ResistTheLeft #ResistEvilLeft
You're a #useless #politicalhack who shouldn't be talking about the #constitution AT ALL! PERIOD! #2ndAmendment much?!
I agree w/ @timkaine
Corker sold this country out when he  sided with Obama too many times. BTW when are Hillary & Obama going to condemn Harvey? Hypocrites.
I keep thinking he's going to keel over from drinking while spewing his vile hatred for America.
Kaine you are a non entity in any discussion. Your history shows that...by the way you lost.
Well Said.  @GOP You are failing your oath of office Where are the sanctions?
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @RepGoodlatte @SenJohnMcCain
Why did he wait so long to do that? He should have been as loud and vocal, if not more, BEFORE the election!
Right on cue.
Trump & Bannon would love nothing more than to be able to fire all those who are not LOYAL to Trump...meaning to defend his lies, treasonous acts, corrupt behavior, & to hide his sickness.
Bannon does remember he was “fired,” right? That POS needs to crawl back under his slimy rock.
Thank you senator. These poignant facts elude them
We desperately need to Fumigate our WH once we get rid of the Vermin!
Who the Hell are you to tell anyone to resign. Tell your ole buddy Trump to Re-Sign!
He is a nothing.  He has no power.
So now you cite the founders who also wrote the #1stAmendment and  #2ndAmendment the left wants to suppress e.g. @UCBerkeley
@CNN why are you giving the bloated piece of human excrement air time.  @timkaine thanks for reminding everyone what is to be defended
Bannon is just one of many tumors, in the cancer that is Donald Trump’s Presidency.There is a cure, though. It’s name is Mueller. #CaptChemo
@CNN what oath do #superdelegates take?
Thank You but honestly speaking with common sense makes no difference with Breibart or Trump. We have gone down the rabbit hole!
It’s getting ugly Tim... 

Agreed and it's time for the GOP to start voting smart and stop voting Trump
Bannon? Who's Bannon?
Just turn blue that will make it better
Is that what you call killing babies Tim defending the constitution?
Bannon is an insignificant nobody who shouldn't be getting media attention. Hasn't anyone learned what that has done by DT in our WH?
You did, too, but you're doing everything you can to destroy it.
Shut up Bannon. Your principles are in the toilet. Mr Kane we love you. Stay strong. Please.
How will you reinstate congressional authority over declarations of war to stop preemptive nuclear strike w/o congressional agreement?
Like we give a flying flip about anything Bannon has to say. I'm with Corker on this, that's for sure.
Mr Kaine you are full of hot air!
Nobody cares about that whisky soaked bar sponge
Funny how an orange minority can be so racist.  It was never about the flag or our soldiers. Kneeling is about protesting racial injustice
Corker was elected based upon representations to his constituents. When he is unwilling to fulfill these promises, he should resign

So why are ALL @TheDemocrats #Resistance if you’re for the constitution and not against @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
U defend the constitution when it suits you!
He’s out of the picture and trying to pressure Corker? This guys a real doozie.

Bannon is trying to start a revolution.
I really wish @cnn would stop reporting on anything Bannon says.  This man is NOT news. He's insignificant. Nothing to see here.
True but Corker’s Congressional record (e.g. Obamacare, appointment picks) suggests he all but puts his party before country.
And he's not doing that either!! OBSTRUCTIONIST!!
Obama took oath to defend constitution also yet he didn't.
Says the man who obeys his Party to the letter.  Name one time you went against Dem Party leadership.  Just one.
More Rs need to climb aboard and speak out. It's our only hope
Please run for President 2020 @timkaine 🖒We need a strong experienced equal-footed INTELLIGENT COMPASSIONATE man LEADING COUNTRY & you're it
Why does anyone give this white supremacist, drunken wife-beater a platform? Maybe if we ignore him he'll go back under his rock...
Right on Sen Kaine! DT & his loyalists need to understand DT IS NOT KING!!!! We have CO-EQUAL branches of Gov't & it's Senate job to ADVISE
Bannon should go to Russia and kiss Putin’s ass !
I think Corker should stay and Bannon should leave, oh wait he did leave.
Why on earth does the media give the likes of Bannon & Gingrich television time? Their agendas are negative and opinions meaningless!
Besides what Tim Kaine said, no one with a half grain of sense gives a rats fanny what lunatic Bannon says.
Is bannon actually a US citizen? If not can we exile him to Russia like now?
All Senators took that oath. It's a shame only one is FINALLY speaking up!
@SteveBannon nobody wats to see or hear you. Be quiet!
@CNN I think he's got it backwards 45 should resign.
That's the problem. Bannon and his ilk think that you have to defend Cheeto first.  Constitution is a pesky nuisance to them.
Bannon, mercers etc want a white nationalist country where states are separate


Who's financially funding white nationalists? We found out – and there's more money in it than you realize. 
Many of the previous POTUS EOs were found unconstitutional. Where were you then Senator? Silent!!!
Only if those other TWITS would do the same!!!
