Our hope now is the senate! Please let us live, we R the high risk pool, the second class citizens sentenced to bankruptcy and death by AHCA
House Republicans didn't vote nor want a healthcare policy. They think making a profit from everything is glorious. GREED
That's the problem: @GOP does not care, except for $ and tax cuts.
A solution, the legislators forced to use the health care they choose for the rest of the country. Can't afford their current health care
Sorry their thing
You didn't seem to care when we lost our health insurance under ACA!
Don't be silly. They only care about themselves and getting a "win" We won't forget in #2018midterms #AHCA #votethemout
Probably me included
Because half of our voters are idiots! They voted against their own benefits! I hope republican voters will enjoy their pain now!
did you not learn from the deplorable label h r c used?
Yes I did! Idiots, racists, sexists,fools, homophobic, islamophoic and xenophobic is  better names for you guys!
Fight for us Tim!! WE NEED A CHAMPION 
Step Up
#TheResistance
What's the difference??? I can no longer afford ACA and I can no longer use my preferred doctor! Suggestion?
As long as the mandate is gone I could care less
Because you democrats cared how it affected millions?  Middle class had to foot the bill.  In 2015 46% of insured paid penalty- price too hi
Y'all let the Senate do there thing it will change tremendously hooray 
It's terrible that this is voted on. Healthcare is a right and a privilege and should've been in the Constitution 200+ yrs ago
Up to the Senate now. What is the plan?
Join @SenSanders for #medicare4all
The #GOP already showed who they R & their thirst. Show who U R present #SinglePayer affordable #Healthcare4All
Please do not let this happen. Please. God. Please. Get the CBO numbers and make it right.
That's what The People voted for - give them what they want.  #resist
Please stop the madness.
We were going to anyway
The House voted this way knowing the Senate would fix or not pass. This bill is so very damaging--what is your plan?
Tax cut is all this is
If it passes the Senate, they just "paid" for the billionaires ' tax cut.
Rep. Wittman's staffers said it is a good bill and pre-existing conditions are covered and no one will lose coverage. Staffer lied.
They could start by caring about people below their income bracket. Or what "choice" means to people who can't even afford groceries. #AHCA
Repubs are cowards.  They are all relying on the Senate to kill this horrible bill, so they can say we tried.  #AHCA #ResistTrumpCare
START A GO FUND ME PAGE BUY ALL THEIR INTERNET HISTORY AND POST IT WONT BE BREAKING THE LAW AND CAN U IMAGINE WHAT TRUMPS KIDS LOOKS LIKE?
They don't care! Their cheering our deaths!
Ugh! I strongly dislike all of this crap! What the hell can we do?
You are part of the problem also. #DemExit
Tim, it's up to you guys in the Senate
Watch d health care insurance companies!! I heard Atnetha pulls out of your state? No matter what d behavior of d insurance companies 
It's clear many members of Congress didn't even read the entire bill.  @RepJoeBarton made that evident on CNN this am.
The problem is they don't care like #Trump doesn't care
Millions lost the coverage due to ACA. U cheered. Guess u didn't care back then, huh?
The Senate must kill this.
When we met you in Gville, FL we talked about healthcare.The GOP talks about tax cuts. @SpeakerRyan on why they must have this $1 trillion.
It doesn't affect a person's health at all. It's a bill, a piece of paper. If they're that allergic to paper, there's much bigger issues. 
Please do your best to crush it in the Senate, it is a terrible bill that helps only the rich and the HI & Drug compaies
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @SpeakerRyan The GOP has shown Americans that party/winning is more important than people. 2018 comin' fast! #resist
and if nothing is does 100's of millions will lose their health case because you did not do your job on #ACA
No they don't. They're drinking beers we paid for!
Must be stopped in the Senate.
how long have you been crafting this gem?
They don't care what happens to people. It's clear.
Start working the senate, @timkaine
.@1choice Obamacare u voted for socialized 1/6 of USA economy. It failed like your vp bid. Back to private sector where it belongs
Hopefully the Senate is smarter. 2018 is going to be here soon.
Yup fuck us all senator.
Tim, ram this bill down their throats in 2018.
go hump Hillary
Grabbing the megaphone: the only thing the GOP cares about is money, keeping theirs. We deserve so much better as a country.
.@1choice huh obama care died dummy your fired 2018. No one had health care in three states about to be six. We had to fix it 4 U
lol yeah kinda like how united and aetna pulled out of the individual insurance market in VA thanks to Obamacare
Aetna pulled out to pressure gov into allowing their merger w Humana which DOJ has determined to be anti-competition.
They are all in bed with the corporations.  Cowards, all of them.
Then make sure your fellow Senators kill it.
#MASA Make America Sick Again 

See you in 2018 @GOP
They don't care, it's no secret. Shameful!
To damn bad
I am so disgusted - especially by beer trucks and celebrations - voters are going to remember
Not if y'all beat it in the Senate.
Millions lost their health care because of Obamacare.
Why not just get the government out of it entirely? Fixes a hell of a lot.
The secret (that's no secret) is that they don't care. This is just another tax cut for millionaires. That's what most of their bills are.
House Republicans gave their billionaire sugar daddies tax breaks while punishing the poor, sick and elderly. Senators beware. #Resist
#MediCareForAll is the only sane solution.
You lose! 
Go cry in your closet
Not yet he doesn't. Y'all've still got a Senate battle to fight.
