Glad to see you are giving the tax payers their money's worth.
I want his tax cuts, us companies back in the states, and government health care dead. Bannon and I ain't just going for rinos
Lol. Whose paying you for that incoherence?
Come back and run in 2020 Senator your ideas and dreams were literally enviable.
Please come to Grayson County soon!  I want a selfie with one of my favorite Senators--and all around great guy--too!!  Thanks for working to protect healthcare subsidies in the Senate, Mr Kaine!!
Still my Vice President.
Lol did you enjoy it
Alright Tim
The legitimate vice president
Loser first
It’s awesome but this pic you posted isn’t a selfie! It’s you taking one & it’s cute.
Aww. That was the pic when he got his son out of jail with no charges.
You adorable
Well, she is giving you a thumbs up for trying.  I miss you.
Adorable. Wih you were Veep. You did get the most votes.
Is that a Japanese car?  Wonder where those profits go?  Thanks for supporting American workers AND American companies.
LUV Tim Kaine!! xoxo
 awesome.. I've still managed to hold on to that first. I'm not sure what it would take for me to give that up 
Word of advice... 
Don't to the "duck face" 


Please keep America the place the world has always known and looked to for solutions, Senator Kaine.
you were the worst VP selection EVER, why?  Country in turmoil, dream Act pending, Healthcare jeopardized and Tim Kaine... playing games
But where is that selfie? we need to see it !
Who's in the car? Tim Kaine for President 2020
You are the man!
We are always stopping you on the street because WE LOVE YOU!
Good for you I love it
Hi
Scary
Awwww
Lord Senator enought with the selfies We need u to work on Impeaching that inhumane man in the WH don’t leave Pence out. Thank you
Looks like you’re doing a little perving there...
@betsy_klein Try as I might I still can't take a decent one!  So I just take pictures of my feet!
Mommy, there is a strange man wandering the parking lot
Enjoy your life on the outside. Your role in the Clinton corruption scandal will expose you for the fraud you are. You are irrelevant.
Looks painful! 
 Looks like you needed a selfie stick!
What did they say, i want to take a pic with not the Vice President?!
Thanks for the smile.
You are a fool.
Reflection on car hood is cool
Do your job and stop farting around. This is my president, your president and our president. Get on board or you will lose big.
You are best on twitter ! U work it and it's fun!Thanks !
I want a selfie with you too!
And... That is just weird..... But, then again, why would we expect less?
Every day I wish you were VP!

Love it!
Very cool Tim!
Jaywalking - But then laws don’t apply to the political elite.
Somebody needs to teach you what a selfie is
Timmeh Timmeh Timmeh
Need to vote for the tax cuts! And you should support all NFL players having to stand for this Country's Anthem! Total disrespect!
#jealous 
Bet it was all for a laugh 
That's....um...okay. Tim? Stick to legislating. Unless you're going to be in the drive-by selfie business.
Another suggested first: spank your commie son and raise him to be the man that you never became.
FYI 
Hold the camera above you 
And everyone looks up,
Better picture 
Right?  He's probably not even in this one!  Lol

Wish you were @VP. #StillWithHim
You look like a fool.
You would have made an outstanding VP. Thank you for serving our country proud.

I wish you were veep. Please still stand up for us all. We need you.
"Oh lord yes we do"
Welcome to the 21st century!
Quit playing in the street kid
You didn't take that, dude.
#MyVicePresident
Any update on reauthorization of CHIP?!
And sorry, you missed it. Well, there is next time.
we know, tim... we know.
That is you trying to take a selfie.  Where is the selfie?
Go take a selfie with your son the ANTIFA terrorist.
Cool of ya to stop
KAINE 2020!

Cool & the gang!
