Because President Obama wrote the first one. Lets be crystal clear ALL GOP WANTS TO DO IS ERASE ANYTHING PRESIDENT OBAMA DID
Right because Obama care didn't hurt anyone.
20 million + covered is a net positive. Who was hurt by this? Are u referring to rising premiums?
So the folks that got hurt or could afford It...you could care less? Gotcha!
there have been many studies; it's well documented. Slashing Medicaid ain't gonna help.
Yea for your studies. Doesn't change the amount of people that were hurt by it.
premiums were rising faster BEFORE ACA, then wouldn't ACA be helping affordability, not hurting?
Run circles around yourself justifying your narrative I will not be joining your circus!
Maybe he meant it was mean to insurance companies and the wealthy. Not enough in tax breaks.
2 give a tax cut 2 their wealthy donors/owners
I am all for tax cuts for everyone. Taxes too high for all that pay. If such great plans, take up voluntary donations.  No one would give.
It's tax cuts on investment income 4 top 1%.
Just curious why does it bother you if you are not in that group of wealthy?  Just because you are conditioned to think it's not fair?
Because it gives tax breaks to the wealthy and that's who they are worried about not the rest of us.
Amen!
Senator trump is a liar about oh everyone is going to have healthcare hes a joke for being president who didnt win the popular vote sad
They're trying to erase everything related to Obama accomplishments.
Accomplishments hahahahaha
@realDonaldTrump has spent more time getting caught in lies and under investigation with tweets and golfing, if that's presidential.
Did the russians hack GA as well hahahaha
They can find out. They've already acknowledged some votes being suppressed! Lol
Do you guys ever accept a loss or do you always have excuses
Because @GOP @senmajorityleader @SenToomey @RepBrianFitz @HouseGOP  @SpeakerRyan ARE mean. They despise us, valuing only party and power.
THEY HAVE PERSECUTED ME ALL MY LIFE ;AND I AM STILL LOYAL TO GOD AND MAN!
Because their uber-rich buddies want it passed and don't give a damn if it's mean or cruel or will damage lives and the economy?
I imagine, given the source and the audience, it was meant as a compliment.
Because people like you won't attempt to fix Obamacare.
Um... just a thought... perhaps they too are mean money  grubbing sub humans... funding tax cuts for uber rich with  human lives... maybe?
I think they want to show Trump just how little and loyal they are too him
Don't we already have a healthcare law that's working?
THESE MEN AND WEMON HATE PEOPLE ;AND ABOVE ALL ;THEY HATE GOD!
SENATOR IT'S NOT THE PRESIDENT; OR THE REPUBLICANS; ITS A GROUP WHO ARE IN LINE WITH CONSPIRATORS ;WHO WANT TO DESTROY OUR GOVERNMENT & WORL
Why? Because P.Ryan and friend's philosophy of Ayn Rand, do not even THINK of the 98%. Inherited Wealth does not give a damn. GREED & CUTS!!
Um, because they're heartless clueless bastards, perhaps!?
Oh, you know the answer to the question.  Tax break for the rich.  It cannot happen without the repeal of Obamacare.
Because they're Deplorables, Tim!  ;-)
Because they want it to be meaner
Because the heartless vindictive @GOP are hell bent on destroying anything @POTUS44 accomplished. Disgraceful excuse 4 human beings!
Because you would've lost if the @TheDemocrats held a fair election against @SenSanders.
Makes you wonder. Could it be because #republicanssuck??
And Bill Clinton said Obama care is crazy !
Hey Sen. Kaine, what the hell are you doing sucking up tax payer funded salary and great healthcare, other than Tweeting?
Who cares what he said? You should say what you think of it and how you're going to fight for us all and not let it get passed.
Cause our lives mean less than zero to them. The more lives they can harm, the happier they are.
Right! Just like the bill Clinton passed!! They let cps make money off of children. Specifically my children!! Not cool!! Not cool!!
They're all mean?
Thank you for all you do!
Break the will of the people, loot & pillage the splendors. Make the people bow down & worship at their feet. Take the money & run! #Evol
It's the Trump/Republican way.
Trying to find in the constitution where is says government will provide health care.
Pssst. Tim.  No one listens to @realDonaldTrump ,   He is incompetent
@metrofla @POTUS I'm sure he meant "mean" in a good way.  Saying it with a grin
LOL
Because they are "sheep" and Trump will deny ever saying that anyway.
However, I am glad you are standing against AHCA.  Had you done the same with ACA, I would be happier for the Constitution.  Baby steps.
He meant it was not mean enough!
Deathcare and Funeral budget speaks for itself.
@Gop #SENATE and #HouseRepublicans thought that their #RockConcert slogan was actually a promise that their voters wanted. They liked (R)
You are all responsible for the body's actions. Bucketing Democrats and Republicans does not make you less responsible.
Why don't  they sit down  with some Democrats, trim it  up but retain ObamaCare, let Trump read THAT. It won't pass as it stands now.
No wonder you didn't get elected if you can't recognize a make- work project when you see one. Got to be seen justifying their pay somehow.
Because trump only says what he thinks will end it. He doesn't care. He just wants middle class to pay his deutsche bank debt over 10 years.
Because it represents their personal agenda They are NOT public servants like you @timkaine
Your son is mean. Attacking trump supporters like he did. Obamacare was mean. Stop attempting to find crap on trump. DNC full of skeletons
Fake news! Our POTUS is doing a great job. Much better then the last admin. who put us in this mess along w/crooked HRC. Kaine get over it.
The chance is theirs to provide US with the world's BEST healthcare. 
Please remind them that to truly be great, we must first be healthy.
It was so "mean" he had a party to celebrate its passing in the House. smh
Wasnt that orange idiot celebrating it just last month? Pallets of beer deliveries at the congressional building?
Greed.
Tax cuts for themselves and their rich friends.  What else is there???
When did it become okay to say if you have to choose between rent/food & health care, you don't deserve health care? Have we sunk that low?
That's what Obamacare did.
Umm...because they're mean.
Trumpcare/McConnellCare is projected to deny 10% of all Americans health insurance and thus, care. Stop playing politics and improve ACA!
Good Question?????
I want it passed.This way his supporters might not vote for him again in 2020.
They hate their jobs & want the opportunity to try something new? We should help them out!
Your pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain. #TrueFactsStated
Something about Russian billionaires investing in US health care?



BECAUSE NO ON CARES!!!!!Tim
Does it need to be "nice?"
"Good" would be better than "mean".
I agree! But i don't think I should be nice
