Tim, you may want to consider that you are on the losing side of this.I have SHITCARE Obama.Anything is better than this
Well, since they plan to give you nothing, Zero, Zip. There u go. I Know many that had this b4 ACA & r grateful
I am willing to suck it up to make this country right again.The plan costs 1 trillion a year. Cut illegals
tax cuts 4 CEO making 500,000 a yr. While our elderly pay 7000 a yr more sorry,not OK w/ that. Not bout me or u
Wait until the final proposal before juding. It still has 2 more parts coming
I can only judge reality. What is in front of me. Empty promises mean nothing.
Action speaks louder than words. Elderly will Not take the brunt. They should have no worries on mess nor care
medicine nor care. They r the generation that made this country. They took nothing. @realDonaldTrump
Tim, you need to go back and study Supply-Side Economics, if you fix the wealthy...they'll fix everyone else.
Not accurate- trickle down economy was a HUGE Failure. It's middle class economics that matters...
I was being sarcastic.
I thought you were, but there are other people out there who need to be reminded about the other 99%
The greatest lie is that Reagan was a fiscal conservative, he used government money to create his legacy.
When he was governor of California, he wrecked education system, closed mental health facilities,  etc.
Right, Reagan was a right-wing anti-entitlement zealot. Paul Volcker saved his presidency.
He also stone-walled AIDS research and funding...
This bill does nothing but dance around key issues at stake and put money into the pockets of the very wealthy & insurance Cos.
Insurance CEO over 500,000 get a tax break. What is this?
all of them stand to make billions. When the elderly will be paying triple!!!!
all of you left are so close mine. We need affordable so we can pay and go to the Doc. I can't now.
with trumpcare no one will. But the ceo's of healthcare will b Malone BILLIONS more. #fucktrump
at least he's not going to use the Obama slush fund like demoRates did.
Not sure about POTUS but I cannot afford the ACA-Obamacare. $550 a month and 5k deductible=$11600 paid before benefits start
you must have a govt job or freebee govt care
it a good deal for you but someone is picking up the tab for the subsidies you receive.
We'll never know, Senator,  since Trump will never release his tax returns & Congress doesn't have the stones to make him
who cares about this?  Really what is the point
You mean you don't care. Don't extrapolate to the rest of the country. Plenty of us do care.
Typical internet troll: criticizes the correct use of a word they clearly don't understand, then falls back on insults.
since he doesn't pay taxes....
It's hard to estimate without a baseline, and considering we still haven't seen his tax returns...
we DEMAND to see ALL of Obamas locked files. Why are they locked? Who is he?? #TRUMP unlock those sealed Obama files now!
Prayer...for the correct outcome...Prayer for us all...
I'm a 70 yr old Virginian who now faces a life without affordable health care...again. Thanks #Trumpcare!
how do we get this guy impeached? Better yet can we impeach the whole regime?
If you cut the head off the snake...
I heard we need to get pence out first then trump, we need an independent investigation now!
this health care plan is wrong and it sunks what they doing
You're right. It's an economically healthy middle class that helps our society & gives the disadvantaged a chance to progress ..
You did know the ACA would have collapsed unless it was fixed!  So, all around sounds like health care for Americans is a mess.
@PrincessBravato not to mention what are the costs for #Trumpcare? Universal healthcare for all.#UniversalHealthCare
hey Senator do me a favor and run for president!! Kaine 2020!!
Why would the wealthiest Americans need a tax cut?
Specificlly how is it a tax cut for the very rich. Also, watch your son, he is dangerous with anti social traits.
how much would u get as well ?
@ann_nonamuss I think Senator Kaine I'd worry more about your son getting arrested than Trump's family and Insurance.
you do realize this is Ryan's bill so not sure how your placing blame on @POTUS !
what the hell do you know
Ha, fix your family, control your son.
Well I guess Hillary, Obama, & all ex-Presidents & VPS,  and all the people in Hollywood should be happy
because healthcare isn't the problem, insurance is.
do u know what u are talking about, nope.  congress and president do not use the ACA you gave us
Just how much will Un-Affordable Care cost trump?
Well put Tim!
why don't you ask all the cabinet members you voted yes ok #fraud
liar
please vote against anything that increases the cost of healthcare and/or cuts taxes for the wealthy.

somebody should document exact dollars for him and his cabinet
take care of your kid .... embarrassment
so will you fight for single payer universal healthcare? If not, you're part of problem
Doesn't a tax cut imply one pays taxes?
Trump & his fellow rich supporters will make out BIGLY 
you have proof of this...you read the bill?  That's impossible
"Family" being the operative word, since Donald pays no taxes and hasn't in 20 years. #TrumpKleptocracy
This reform leaves the elderly & poor shit out of luck. Donnie doesn't include them in "his world views of making America Great"
how do you know this
So you admit then that the healthcare needs to be fixed.  But they know that you Dems are going to block anything logical.
@realDonaldTrump moot point bc @potus doesn't pay taxes but luvs spending mine @ mar a lago wkends
it doesn't matter if they get a tax cut; he doesn't pay taxes anyway
#trumpcare   give me tax free income & I can pay for healthcare.  Why CEO tax breaks? They can pay income tax!
We'll never know because @POTUS, unlike any other sitting president over the past 40 yrs refuses to release tax returns.
we'll see how loud some of Trump's base I'll yell if this atrocity gets passed. Counting on my dems to resist!
Maybe you'll get a tax cut big enough to make your son's bail a wash. Any update on Podesta's Russia ties? #realtalk
Call it #Republicare so we all know who exactly to blame.
I don't like Trumpcare for different reasons than yours. You want more govt I want total repeal of Obamacare
bail your son out #Trumpcare
Psst...I would get the tax cut too. Can I be wealthy?
Please, do better. Use facts. Offer alternatives. This is not something to joke about. This is my health and well being.
Looks like your son needs a shower,haircut and a JOB!!
must be a proud papa that your son was arrested for assaulting a 61 year old woman....
Do you really think President Trump cares about about that?  Maybe you should do better teaching kids abt respect!
I think you have bigger problems
Chip Off The Old Block! Sen Tim Kaine's Son Arrested For Disrupting Trump Rally via @MitchBehna http://buff.ly/2mlu7EB 
What proof do you have? Your bill sucks and must be destroyed.
considering you aren't under Obamacare, you don't have a clue how any of this affects real people! Shut up and go spank your son!
The Democratic Party is the party of spreading false information & divisiveness.Your son is in police custody.
He looks like a dirtbag leftist hippy. U must be proud
Hope u are proud of ur little brat starting a riot. As I recall u called for fighting in the streets. Let's lock u both up!
At least someone would be getting off a little cheaper. ACA has cost me a fortune in higher premiums and deductibles. ACA Sucks!
shouldn't you be bailing your kid out of jail ?
How are you doing this morning?  Feeling good
An acorn does not fall far from the tree. How many violent protesters have u nurtured?
u should probably worry about your son first!
@JamieLarsen66 But they don't pay taxes!!
They'd find some way to line their pockets...and if DT goes with GOP plan he's getting paid in some way or another
where is ur plan to fix it? what the fuck have you ever done?
luckily you're sons not 26 so he'll be able to see a proctologist on you're plan after he gets out of jail
You raised a violent thug.

@timkaine
Trumpcare will give tax credits of up to 4k, premiums for 50-65 year Olds would be up to 8k+..how many can afford that?
the solution is congress give up their insurance plan and use the health care bill they pass. You exempted yourselves from ACA!
Rich, wealthy, taxes, blah, blah, blah! It's all getting so old and BORING! Yawn
a friend of mine bought insurance on the exchange under ACA. 1st prem was$600 next year$1300. That is not affordable!
Pay for my own scripts now, cant go to the doc because rising premiums, cant go to the VA-they suck.
THAT is gov healthcare
You should concentrate keeping your son out of jail and from beating up Senior Citizens.
what happens to the poor, no Medicaid expansion, right?
Thank you Senator Kaine 4 standing against #Trumpcare & representing Virginia. Please keep up the fight! This cannot pass. #resist
~ Please fight this and simultaneously work to craft improvement/replacement of ACA with single payer or universal healthcare.
~ Time for a full offensive maneuvers, not just defending and reacting to the GOP/trump-bannon.
Least he wouldn't need the tax cut to bail his son out of jail like you did this week. Nice parenting there, sir. #WeDodgedABullet
Agree WHY dont they care about US the ones making less than 15,000.00 a year ?? What happen to DRAINING THE SWAMP HES THE SWAMP MASTER
perhaps this time I will finally get that $2500 cost cut and keep my doctor. Free mkt principles will always win
@dianerocks52 can you have a tax cut if you don't pay taxes?
Here is an idea, instead of touting the negative do something you said you would work across the aisle. Lead by example!
it will be hugh
Sen. Tim Kaine’s son among several arrested after protesters disrupt Trump rally in Minnesota. Apparently your son is a thug.
oh shut upTimmy
your Methhead sons mug shot is awesome!!
you seriously condone your son's political violence? What kind of a parent does that? Not much of one in my books.
Support the new health care bill.
.
Just like kickbacks his businesses get as he refuses to fully divest!  $10M spent on his five weekends to his Florida estate
YUGE! #investigatetrump #Trumprussia #trumputin #DworkinReport #Illegitimate #SessionsMustResign #CORRUPTION #swampcabinet #fakes
@magambill I don't know but Pelosi would say we need to pass it to see what's in it
@seanhannity @LouDobbs it's been failing before our new POTUS! Our deductible is 6k NOT WORKING! How much is Sons BAIL?DADDYO?
at least the trump family doesnt riot. You must be so proud of your criminal son.
Thank you.
@nzhippygirl any suggestions ? Except single payer system?
Just wondering where do you stand on the new #Trumpcare bill?
No comment right now!! Needs a lot of work!! It is a start but everyone needs to be apart Dems & R's!!
No comment!!! 
not yet Just getting started Like a rough draft on a novel If this is it today I am a no!! But have to do something!!
what kind of person wants to throw fireworks into a crowd of people to cause panic and make it like gunshots in a crowd? Your son?
more fraudulent allegations from a progressive hypocrite, why to go liar.
it was under your watch that the disaster called Obamacare was put in place, you own it along with all your other failures
Lets talk family shall we?...
Sen. #Kaine's son arrested at #Trump rally in Minnesota.     http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/03/08/sen-kaines-son-arrested-at-trump-rally-in-minnesota.html … …
And how many millionaire Congressmen will also get a big tax break?
#vault7..dont u worry about mr trumps integrity. And yo, take your kid to some anger management classes.
We don't need insurance companies. Society doesn't need health insurance. Society just needs fair & affordable medical bills. Keep it simple
#TrumpCare is a tuned up version of #ObamaCare. It's a political oligarchy that works in upper echelons of gov. Globalist in scoop & fascist
Gov is playing the citizens off against themselves. The watchdog mainstream media. Is in fact the lap dog media. With created arguments.
At least the Trump family isn't getting arrested for rioting and starting fights with cops. http://dailycaller.com/2017/03/07/tim-kaines-son-arrested-for-rioting-against-trump/ …
Just found out your son was arrested.
It is sad to say your son looks like a meth head.  Haven't you taught your son that violent protests are not liberal like?
I hope you see now what the leftist politicians are creating young fascists not liberal democrats...
You would have made a great Vice President.
more identity, sore loser, hater politics!  Get to work fixing our healthcare system you helped break!
It is all about lining their own pockets.
he doesn't pay taxes remember?  He's a lousy businessman who looses so much money he's able to write it off.
have you honestly read the enitre bill? Dems passed a bill NOBODY read. #Trumpcare #nomorepolitics
I can't help but think, if the plan is devoid of value the hashtag should be trumpuncare. #trumpcare gives too much credibility.
@CaniceDeanna Why don't we just look at his tax returns to find out? Oh wait never mind
Proud of my senator @timkaine for calling out this plan for what it is - a sham, and another way for the rich to get richer, at our expense.
@MarkWarner @SenSanders @SenSchumer Please call it what it really is... Republicare. MAKE THE @GOP OWN IT! It's their mess!
and you get the Obama are mess...deal
@MarilynnePryor Wouldn't it make more sense to just give the rich a cap gains tax cut to shut them up & fix the ACA?
purpose for Ryan & GOP is to totally discredit Obama accomplishments & remove him from history jealous racist fools
Discrediting Obama may be a goal 4 Trump & T-partiers, but Ryan? He's got a weird Ayn Rand-based economic theory.
he & McConnell obstructed Obama's every step His political/economic sh--play into it but deep down is jealous racist
Of course Ryan's a racist! In Ayn-Rand-Land, only white males hold the sort of power associated w/ success!
yep, my point exactly & that is what stuck in his craw the entire 8 yrs Obama was Pres.
you make me ashamed to be American because you sound so predictably ignorant
Keep it coming, and please don't compromise on our healthcare.
http://twitchy.com/brettt-3136/2017/03/07/report-sen-tim-kaines-son-among-those-arrested-at-march4trump-rally-saturday/ ….     Take care of your own family and leave the Presidents family out of this.
@Pisces7100 Grrrrr....
Don't worry about Trump. Worry about your degenerate son Linwood who just got arrested! Apple doesn't fall far from the tree!
is your son out of jail? http://www.twincities.com/2017/03/07/son-of-sen-tim-kaine-one-of-six-arrested-during-trump-rally-at-state-capitol-last-weekend/ …
demand his taxes for clarity & USA security purposes-
Why did you allow trump to install the most corrupt and inept cabinet in history by approving so many nominees?
The vitriolic Rhetoric will never stop as long as POTUS remains standing. Dems ONLY GOAL is to Destroy Trump, screw US in process.
@BadASSSery silly question! They don't pay taxes!!
@lisav1023   A lot more than was ever given under obama. BTW, we have the most beloved President Trump in office. #NEVER HILLARY
Trump Family can afford to pay out of pocket -- can you help out Woody's drug abuse?
you should be worried about Woody & his mental disorders
@JCrongeyer Please don't call it #Trumpcare bc Trump doesn't care. #Swampcare bc it only takes care of the swamp.
#TheResistance
lying cheating pubs
ur kid will get the free handout.
As usual norhing, more money in their packets. Ridiculous,I hope it does not pass. Should be only repair. If not leave it as is.
They don't pay taxes anyway, do they? They sure have no problem spending our tax $ though. Maralago & security for Trump tower.
ameb
GOOD LESSON Here!!... NEVER, EVER, Let The Republicans Fix Anything!!!
This Right-Wing 'WACKO' Health-Care Solution Will Never Pass... It Is A CHEAP Imitaion of Obama-Care... It Is Typically WHACKO!!
#trumpdoesntcare
you are correct....then will this stop ?
Thank You, Tim!!... That Is Exactly The Same Thing I Noticed About This Right-Wing WACKO Solution... It Cuts-Taxes For The Rich!!
@pam_houston very good question!
how much of a tax cut would YOU get? Don't fake like you're a commoner like the rest of us
