All of the comments from my fellow Dems about McCain are doing my heart goodWe musn't lose our compassion for each other. Thank you sir
Politics aside, @SenJohnMcCain is True American Hero. Put entire life on the line for United States. True American Hero. Prayers 2 him & fam
He made a choice only hero is a dead one that is the ultimate sacrifice therr is no such thing as a living hero people
PS You & trump are both full of sh%$ and neither of you is a hero.
And your mythical approach to politics is a joke
Well, you are a loud mouth, not a hero, and mythical is the word applied to how great trump is making America.
@SenJohnMcCain is one of the most ethical & hard working @republic there is - too bad @realDonaldTrump wasn't half the man he is  #uspoli
Donald trump used to take a shit on a gold toilet then makes a decision to run for president and deal with you fucked democrats
You say what you want DEMOCRATS are theifs in the night
Wrll i feel diffrent cant wait for him to leave his government office good luck and good bye mr cain
GOP passed civil forfeiture without  a crime or conviction and you guys were worried Obama was going to take your guns. They want it all. 
Heartbreaking. He's a hero and a patriot. #prayers
As my husband recovers from his 3rd brain surgery, I know the arduous road ahead for the Senator & his family. We wish them strength & hope
I wish John McCain a speedy recovery he has suffered much for our country he is a true patriot
You guys should get married.
Whether one agrees with him or not, McCain is a true independent voice - and already proven a hero of the first order..
John McCain is one of the few Republicans today who put country before party.  Thank you Sen. Kaine and other democrats for your comments.
I'm heartbroken hearing this news.
Feel better Senator John McCain
I don't wish illness & death on him but your hero is a traitor, war criminal & corrupt globalist operative. What's that say about #TimKaine?
Yes democrat John McCain has a brain tumor.


True American Hero who deserves respect and prayers. Unimaginable that he and his buddy Ted Kennedy could be afflicted by the same cancer. 
Karma's a terrible thing ...
#McCainStrong
Thoughts and prayers @SenatorJohnMcCain
Amen, and thanks for this tweet - something that really matters!
I had the extraordinary privilege of being seated on DFW to PHX coach. If elected in 2018 will serve on Capital Hill with my hero.
But hey!... he got captured by the enemy... that is a no-no according to the Commander in Chief!
A tiger and a true American.. didn't vote for you the last time, but love and respect you!
We realize you lost a friend, Tim. Why not address the muslim problems you have in Henrico County VA?
Regardless of politics, Senator McCain is a war hero who has served this country with honor for decades. Wishing him comfort & strength.
He'll be fine as he has healthcare unlike the rest of us if they push through the plan.
I disagree with McCain's politics often, but he's an honorable man and I wish him the best! A true American hero d patriot.
Hmm. Show me your friends, and I'll show you who you are....comes to mind.
HIDING Out from Chemical Weapons in Bulgaria story??
It's a coward move to claim you need surgery to avoid doing ur John I'd never expect any more from you. Shifty eyes
Dear tim many other heros are in need of your support namely the 500,000 homeless veterans who served in wars advocated by politicians
He is going to b good..the positive energy is going.im not a Republican as i mentioned. I'm human.
Xxx Blessings
Love u you did not loose you were just honest.
Tim, when I got cancer before ACA without insurance no one cared. Not the VA, not govt. I wish McCain better than I got.
hi how are you doing this is heather james and nice to have friend
#VirtueSignaling
Your chairman?
Senate Armed Services Committee
gaaaaaaggggg. Puke
You're pure class. I knew I loved you for a reason.
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
What a brave man!

It's such a heartbreaking diagnosis. He's a true American hero.
I hope so much for his recovery. It seems we are left with fewer and fewer heroes all the time.
Lest we forget, the new president launched the most vile insult toward our hero John McCain as anyone in modern history.  Despicable.
Damn what a year this was.
Not a thing from POTUS or VP.
There is now.  It looks like a rejected hallmark card.
Yeah I ripped him on it. Tweeted him several examples of real tweets from leaders showing true empathy and concern.
Even put Kaine's on there.
gargle balls
You've finally made a statement with which I can agree. Hang in there, Senator McCain!
Tim, why don't you just join the Republican Party already?
So sad to hear. Go Mr. MCAINE
As a disabled combat veteran, I am both saddened & proud of my American leadership for holding bipartisanship in the love of our hero!
Beautifully said
Thank you
A true hero !!
Absolutely. It's vital now that he stays strong & positive. & time for all of us to put politics aside, and be human. Prayers for recovery.
So sad
Thank God he didn't have Trump care
Yeah He's got Senate Care Better than you and I Will Ever Have
Beautifully stated.
What an honorable man says to an honorable man.
Pure Class @timkaine Maverick fight the fight, @SenMcCain America needs you more than ever!!
Indeed
I don't care if you're Republican or Democrat, American or not. I wish him strength to conquer  this the same as I wish any human to beat it
SENATOR KNOW GOD WILL HEAL HIM !WE ALL GOP ;AND DEMS ARE OF THE SAME FAMILY !WE WILL ALL PRAY FOR SEN McCain  !AND GOD WILL HEAR OUR PRAYER!
aww, Senator, y'all makin me misty~!!
#ThatsPresidential  #ImStillWithHerAndHim Integrity
God bless Senator McCain, thoughts and prayers for him on his rough road to recovery, stay strong sir, and God bless you and your family.
Thoughts and prayers with @SenJohnMcCain .  God speed your wellness.
DAD
Positive energy and prayers. He is and always will be a war hero.
Praying for his recovery. He is a hero
My prayers go out to John McCain and to his family, may God be with them.
Stand up time in DC! John McCain is a hero and deserves 100% of our prayers because he is our hero! No need for Trump to comment at all! 
@SenJohnMcCain @cindymccain 
Speedy recovery 2 the Maverick!! 
We need u back Mav 2 get those GOPs in line.
Sending positive thoughts!!!  He is a trooper!! But looked what he has survived 
Praying for Sen. McCain! Very stand up guy who has always put country before party. I'm who liberal but I've always respected this man. 
Sending my prayers to Sen McCain! 
Nicely said, Senator.   I am scared about the direction in which this country is going. I hope you can say something to ease my worries!
Terrible news. I've always had respect for McCain. He's a man of integrity. Continue to fight Senator.
Heartbreaking news of someone who made enormous sacrifices for our country.

A true hero. So sad
God bless and take care of John McCain & his family. This is a tough one.
Hope he's not inshured with Trumpcare!
For John McCain. We got your back. You stood with us and for us. America praying for a patriot and friend.
Yes , We all pray for he's recovery. He is a fighter and an hero.
Our prayers are with you John McCain you are true American Hero
A true hero who put country before self, even though he "got caught." T's not worthy to pass judgment on ANYTHING, esp. self sacrifice.
Thoughts and prayers Senator.
Timmy, you're a hack you're nowhere near McClain's level crawl back into some cardboard box somewhere.
Please for the citizens of the US, please do not vote to replace or even repel, it has a good start just needs tweeking. Thank you, Sandy
You are both Neo CONS/LIBS (Same Thing)
Although I wish you would have stood up more against Donald Trump, he's always been a hero to me. Praying for you. Recover fast
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/21220494/ …
He can beat this!
Well said, @timkaine. Prayers and well wishes to a true American hero.
To honor John McCain, Congressmen should get together and pass a healthcare bill that Americans can be proud of.
If they did,Trump would veto it!
Screw off, Tim.
Meanwhile your leader criticized @SenJohnMcCain
Put it this way... his brain tumor explains a lot.
Ok so you’re not a fan of @SenJohnMcCain whatever.
Can't you act like a human for just a moment. Is it that hard? This man was a prisoner of war. Have some respect.
. Disgusting you use Senator McCain brain cancer to brag about yourself. Shame on you Tim Kaine. #McCain
True.... Humanity should trump political affiliation....
Luckily he has very good health insurance. I'd be homeless with a diagnosis like that.I would literally have to die,I couldn't afford cancer
America loves Senator McCain
If you can't act human don't say anything. This is not a partisan thing. He's  an American Hero. He spent his entire life for this country.

Glioblastoma is a tough foe.
One of the few @GOP senators with any integrity these days
He's a tough man, as he's proven time and again. I have faith he will beat this :)
