CBO: Trump is making Obamacare premiums more expensive https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/14/16308502/cbo-trump-obamacare-premiums?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
What a shocker. I'm shocked. Aren't you? No? Yeah, neither am I.
1918-1920 Women's VOTE: Over almost 100 years of Womens Marches, Resistance & Action Women(onlyWhite) GOT VOTE in 1920- 1964 for Black Women
Stay the hell out of our lives, you politicians suck!
Trump is a selfish jerk
The people need a whole new health care plan not single payer but a real health care plan we can afford
Single payer failed in VT, CA & CO. We need to improve & expand the ACA, which is a viable way to get to Universal Healthcare. #democrats
Maybe, but going to the table with a wishlist is a place to start.
That's y the ppl desperately need and want Medicare-for-All! Support the ppl not greed-driven corporate American!
Higher than Obamacare?
That is s lie. ObamaCare was a fraud. Could not keep your doctor and the premiums got so high Aetna and other insurance companies got out.
You are a joke blaming President Trump for Obamacare failure.  Take responsibility for the democrats failures, "Hillary".
Support Bernie Sanders new bill please!
You are aware CBO numbers always tend to be wrong, right?
Just like Obamacare worked out.  :)
Single payer is the only option. Healthcare should not be a business.
Single Payer?  Are you out of your mind?  The Gov't cant even get medicare and SS straight.
Well then make sure you don't sign up for Medicare when you turn 65!
We already know you're approach.let Trump try his
CBO can't be counted on...always wrong!
Just REPEAL
If anyone wants a good daily chuckle follow this clown. Rotflol
Why didn't you helped do it years ago?
I was in France for some time. Their universal health care is way better than ours. Why don't we copy what 29 civilized countries have?
Old Man Mitchell asks you to stop lying so much
Funny how @TheDemocrats try blame @realDonaldTrump when its their untouched plan that has insurers leaving and rates sky rocketing
If all Americans should have health care why aren't you supporting #MedicareForAll ??? Can you answer please!
16 congressman are leading! You're just not following yet, and you're so good at it too. #MedicareForAll now!
My insurer is leaving the individual marketplace in 2018. 3rd or 4th insurer (I lost count) since ACA became law. Too bad this turd is law.
Kaine and cronies voted for it.
U believe the lies of Trump and GOP It is Trumpcare that will kill. #notumpcare #magaIMPEACH
Time to lead! Seriously!
tim has proven he can't lead
Really? Do explain.
No I don't want it!
Govt needs to get out of health care. Every time govt gets involved in anything it gets worse and more expensive.
I was without insurance for twelve years until the Affordable Care Act and Medicaid Expansion.  Lets not roll the clock back.
If you don't come out in support of Medicare for All m. You will be getting primaries from the left, and you will lose.
.@timkaine Its time for Democrats to separate themselves from corporate lobbyists and funding. Co-sponsor #HealthCareForAll
Denounce the terrorist group Antifa. Not to do so means you support, or are you to scared to hurt you thug son's feelings?
CBO says.....
What a joke. Everyone knows the CBO numbers are BS. If CBO numbers didn't fit your narrative Tim you'd be saying same thing.
awful!!!
Are you going to sign onto the Medicare for all?  I would like to hear your plan to solve this issue.  Lead Senator....
Does that mean you will back #singlepayer despite your campaign contributions from #bigpharm ??? Virginians are watching! #dotherightthing
You are obviously confusing, "Health care" with "health insurance". Wake up America! They are two different animals.
Makes me confidant with @POTUS, since the CBO or you have never been right about healthcare
Would that be the same CBO that predicted that ObamaCare would be "revenue neutral"?
What is your plan ? Instead of complaining about everything. Why don't you do something about it. Make laws. Health care & taxes !
Having Healthcare Insurance is one thing,  affording Healthcare bills  for many is  different game---not always about the insurance end!
You created a crappy system that's been failing for 8 years and you blame Trump for it. Shut it down.
LIARS!! ...come time to die...Liars go downstairs.
Premiums have been going up 15% annually no matter who is in office Sen. Kaine. "A" for  Affordable in ACA is a political lie.....
It's time we joined other developed countries and offered healthcare to our people as a right. Please support Medicare for all.
Do u honestly think we believe what u r saying. U were the choice of Hillary as Vice President. 2 all u Dem. party members we r on 2 u
Are you supporting Medicare for All?
Tim

It's a real shame that you as a Senator avoids the truth about Obamacare which makes YOU part of the swamp.
Donald Trump Jr & Ben  Carson both confirm Obama admin stole $500 Billion to fund broken & failed Obamacare from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. 
@voxdotcom that is what we got with #Obamacare and the CBO missed called it. Government is the problem we have with healthcare 
Single payer and Obamacare. Two attempts to destroy the healthcare system that was the envy of the world. Get government out of healthcare
Tim what a hack. Surprised Hillary hasn't included you as a reason for her failure. What a disgrace to Virginia. #DrainTheDCSwamp
Hello @realDonaldTrump  Is this your intent? Just plain mean and uncaring
This should be breaking news. People need to know what trump is doing to harm us!!
Trump is the best president of our lifetime. What other president or congress donates their salary and takes pay cut to work for Americans
Now, Graham-Cassidy: 45 used #DACA talks to strongarm GOP into killing US citizens w/repeal of #ACA. Divide & rule: un-American. Disgusting.
After 8 years of obama as divider in chief that amazing to hear #hypocrite
Shouldn't you be writing your own book called "What Happened" or be on the "Loser Book Tour"?
Face the facts America th Republican party or Trump refuse the thought of Universal Health Care because it would cover people they hate also
Trump is the best president of our lifetime. What other president or congress donates their salary and takes pay cut to work for Americans
Well Tim you democrats are really the ones that screwed the pooch on this one. Kept my plan kept my Dr. saved $2400/yr. NOT #Idiots
I am calling bullshit
Will the CBO get Bernie's Medicare for all?  Do you support that?
Start dealing with your son.
Why cant we have the Ins. The senate has free
Interesting how they never have to live by the programs they create #hypocrites
Yep! He is a vendictive person! He can't hurt OBAMA without hurting Americans
I hear your colleague Senator Sanders has a proposal
You mean the same CBO that underestimated the number of people who would go on Medicaid with Obamacare by 4.4 million? Forgive my skepticism
The loser always thinks they could do a better job, @timkaine
#MakeAmericaTrumpFree
We gotta Fight the Deconstruction of Medicaid at State level Vote LtGov RalphNortham HeavenSent PatrioticHumanitarian RoleModel NativeSon
You should support the Medicare for all bill @BernieSanders has been pushing in the senate.
You need to step up and support Medicare for All, Senator Kaine.
Sanders is a worthless grifter and loser who promises people free stuff. He's just a bully with an online cult that harasses people.
Hell people can't afford Obamacare. Trump said it would implode. You can thank you fellow Democrat John McCain.
Go ahead beg for a repeal.
i thought obocare was the cure all.
Repeal Obamacare fuck nut.
Go away, you loser. No one wants to hear from you ever again.
The election was yours to lose and you lost it.
Pathetic.
#caring
Trump is not making Obamacare, do anything.  Obama owns that hot mess.  CONGRES swamp failed us the 1st time with it. & LIKELY AGN
And self employed people have no exchange options in Augusta County or Staunton.
Obamacare was a Ponzi scheme from the start. They never intended it to work #hypocrites
Hey @timkaine I liked you better as the villain in Batman not congress
Bless his heart, his parents were probably cousins, no one is this stupid on purpose, and Vox never met a communist ideal they didn't like.
Time for you and Crooked Hillary to Shut up
how?nothing was passed. No EO, stop scaring sheep
You are wrong. The govnt cant control costs. You know that and every 5 yr old with a mind does too. Get govnt out of health care
Taxes are paying for the coverage for the uninsured.
Trump doesn't care about americans,he just has to demolish Obama care. If we called it Trump care he wouldn't have problem with it.Truth!!!!
Obamacare was designed to self destruct.  Trump doesn't own that failure, Obama and Congress do.
Can't trust the CBO! Too much corruption..

Your a bigger lier and loser than clinton is...no wonder she lost with a a-hole like you
Idiot
Didn't the CBO say premiums wouldn't go up? Oh wait they knew and laughed about it...they played the American ppl so did Obama
When are you & your Democrat buddies GIVING UP YOUR HEALTHCARE-RETIREMENT-PERKS & SALARY?!?! IF YOU DON'T THEN YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT US!!!
Why didn't you lead before? You asshats saddled us with this chit! Everyone gets care at the middle class' expense!
#Irrelevant
Stop ur lying Timmy. Ur son been in jail lately?
Youre such a Filthy liar. Now I know why Hillary chose you as her pathetic running mate.
timmy u stand strong in Senate. cause u #CrookedHillary  were losers who brought down blue wall PA IA WI MI. thanks4 #maga by losing #yuge
did some1 tell hillary she lost/ is retired/irrelevant? cause her book tour seems to suggest she/timmy dont own a bad 304 to 227 beat #MAGA
Fewer insured because of no mandate to buy. Insurance Competition will lower premiums for all, just ask a Canadian
Go to bed
THERE HAS TO B SOMEONE IN THAT SENATE THAT CARES ABOUT EVERYDAY AMERICANS THAT DO NOT WALK AROUND W/MILLIONS OF DOLLARS..UF NOT #SHAMEONU 
****** IF NOT #SHAMEONU 
CBO confirms Canadian and European middle class pays almost twice what Americans pay in taxes.
Socialist Obumble care will be destroyed
Calling something a right doesn't create more of it.
Keep lying. We are still under Obummer care
Higher taxes, less jobs, wait times, poorer quality care.  That what you commies are offering.
@timkaine #FakeNews all the time #loser. Book tour soon?
I am so thankful you are not the Vice President. Will never forget your behavior during the debate with @VP. Learn from Pence a class act.
You mean like you did with Obamacare?
Yeah right. Go crawl under a rock
just end ACA once and for all, govt does not belong in healthcare
That is what we have now!  Cost are up coverage down with that garbage ACA!
Funny you should mention that Tim. Have you seen the #MedicareForAll bill @SenSanders introduced this week? Noticed you haven't signed on...
His constituents are working on that.

Time to back Medicare for All, Tim.
Trump is not the legislator. Congress is creating the healthcare pkg.
folks can't seem to grasp that
Trumpcare
Should have thought of this when you rammed Obama care down the countries throat Tim... #DrainTheSwamp
Is your antifa son at work tonight at B.
Delete your account
And Bernie care isn't the answer for America. and how is he planning on paying for this? What is the definition for all, citizens, the world
Bernie quick on rhetoric but short on facts.
Where can I get a copy of Uncle Bernie's plan? Would love to read it. Website?
It's in the Venezuela folder
He is there for corporacións not for us ! I hope you Democrats & moderate republicans don't fall in his trap be aware of the dog 
@voxdotcom. If you like your plan, you can keep your plan, if you can afford your plan, if there is a plan left.
@voxdotcom Hey Tim when can we expect your "What didn't happen" book and tour to start?  Enquiring minds want to know.
he's intentionally destroying the American people
The ACA blew up private insurance. Free always beats paying URself, but, some1 has 2 pay 4 healthcare costs. If ACA meant 2 fail, then what?
Congress has to lead in improving health care for all Americans
#MediCareForAll
Who will pay?  SS/Medicare already a budget buster.  $20 T in debt, yet, people want more free stuff!
I pay my health care it's not free just affordable . Prim high little coverage  not fare
Btwn ACA subsidies & Medicaid expansion, millions were added.  That was a cost passed 2 others. So, single payer, who will cover cost there?
We are trillions in debt. The @CatoInstitute has a great plan to fix this; when do you plan to start reducing this debt? Help Vets first!
You Dems own Obama so cut the crap.
Bahahaaa
SENATOR BERNIE SANDERS BILL SOUNDS LIKE THE WRIGHT APROACH! MANY PEOPLE HAVE TWEETED ME THE SAME !COMMON PEOPLE!
Sanders is a communist. Look to Venezuela or Cuba to see how well that works
Timmy quit wasting your time nobody believes a word you say . You will be voted out next year .
Did your son get out of jail yet?
#MedicareForAll or is that only something you support when Obama is president?
And who believes the CBO?  Only fools.
The same CBO that is wrong every time?
