Hahahaha. Did anyone get a chance to read the ACA first before voting? Oh yeah-y'all told everyone to vote first/read later.  Hypocrites.
Now Senator Kaine.  You live in the Trump era where the #GOP try to push Bills through when no one is looking.  Why'd you think NO CBO score
Show us where President Trump has ever had anything to do with the KKK.
"Very fine people." ~ The Donald, last month.
You know Tim.........you're absolutely right.  BUT AT THIS VERY MOMENT THOUSANDS ARE GETTING SICK & DYING IN PUERTO RICO
All America must be mortified,angry,NO FURIOUS,
shamed by Trump's dismissive,abysmal,racist
response to AMERICANS/PR'S humanitarian crisis!!
You would think........wouldn't you
Just like "you have to pass the bill to know what's in it?"  How's your son? Still breaking laws?  Have another bourbon, Timmy.
Woody was arrested for mob violence while participating in an Antifa event. Lovely? Up your standards, Queen.
Vote heart not profits.Put money up for your people.Raise $$$ for diasters not healthcare. Take the high road People always count.
You're a fool, no bipartisanship when the stupid bill was passed and you were fine with it. Can't wait till Trump takes subsidies from U
Should've thought about this shit when you passed it in the dead of night with NO Republican support, dumbass...
In 2009, Congressman Mr. Cao (R) of Lousianna voted Yes for the Health Care Act.
easily done if you repeal #Obamacare first - that actually will force bi-partisan solution(or not) to ur imposed intrusion into health care.
Then why did you pass Obamacare at 1:00 am without one republican supporting it? You’re a hypocrite talking about working together.
If U really believe bipartisan is the way 2 go why didn't you try it with O/care? You could care less abt the Amer PP! They R tools for you!
Dems passed Ocare in the middle of the night, without one republican vote, and without even reading it. Dems incapable of bipartisanship
Why didn't you support bipartisan collaboration 7+ years ago?
Them get your butt over there and start talking. Yippy all are a bunch of idiots
how's that $150b gift to the Iranian Terrorist clerics working? r they spending some it in NK to help #rocketboy?
weren't you one of those that helped Obama give $150B to the terrorist clerics in Iran, money that belonged to the oppressed ppl there?
You lying hypocrite. We remember how you dems passed ACA! Never reading the 2500 pg Bill, "purposely written in tortured language"
I agree with sentiment but congress/senate need 2b covered by same health care as rest of US citizens. You should NOT be exempted
Get to work for Virginian's that want to see a change to Obamacare and our Tax Reform! Serve the people Kaine! Go work with Republicans!
More lies from the father of an #Antifa jagass. We remember how you Democrats passed ObummerCare at 1am without a single Republican vote!
Dems Have Reputation Of Doing Many Backdoor Deals That Shame Honorable Men If They Ever Even Had Fleeting Thought Of Them  ! Swamp RatsRDems
bipartisan? Once again Middle Class get screwed!!
OBAMACARE was NOT the result of bipartisan collaboration Tim. It was passed in the dead of night without a single republican vote!
Like when you passed Ocare without any rep input or votes, bribed and bludgeoned for the dem votes, have to pass it to see what's in it?
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Please vote NO to trumpcare. Protect healthcare for ALLAmericans-bipartisan proposal needed #ProtectOurCare
When was the last time you did that?
Wow...do you hear yourself. Now you want to do the right thing?
Think before you tweet hypocrite Dems passed Obamacare (without 1 Rep vote) without even reading it 
Senator T.Kaine I am a Virginia resident..my question to you is will you vote NO on Graham-Cassidy bill?
What a load of BS. Ocare was designed to fail and you lied about it. Vote for the repeal then
Cornhusker Kickback,Louisiana Purchase,0 Republican votes,"deemed" passed so vote wasn't needed after conference.That's 'working together'?
Unless it's passing Obamacare, you mean.
What a crock of shit. 0bamacare passed by democrats ONLY.
NOT ONE Republican voted for #obamcare  #lying #hypocrite
Get serious you weirdo. I recall the sneaky way Obamacare was passed without bipartisan collaboration. Guess you kinda overlooked that/Loon
 Obamacare was passed at 1 am and recall pelosi. Pass it to find out what's in it.  You putz
Tim, maybe you forgot the truth.
ObamaCare passed without one single solitary Republican vote.
U would have a good argument if u passed Aca with bipartisan support. Now your talking point wouldn't be hypocritical like it is now
One day you call them all racists the next you hide behind bipartisanship to protect Obamacrap. What a hack..
So talk. You're stonewalling for political points. Signed a VA voter
Just shut up already!!!!  Damn
We sure could have used you when Obama Fu**ed us with miserable OCare. Didn't hear a peep from you then.  Oh well. At least u r not VP.
Liar
Yes! So for all the Marines who gave their lives for us in the last 30Days...NO NFL ON OCTOBER 1 !!!
Says the talented double talker!
Hahahaha. Are you serious? No way you are this obtuse.
Yeah, just the way obamacare was done. Moron.
You're allowed to tweet from jail? Wow
Working together will help the infrastructure of health care in the country
Your such a hypocrite Tim Kaine
That's rich! from the party of "we have to pass it to know what's in it" oh yeah rammed through without one republican vote.
Should've tried that that with Obamacare
Lol! What a liar. You didn't give a crap about bipartisanship when U passed this in secret in the middle of the night. You OWN this failure
Says this guy.
Remind me again, how was Obamacare passed?  You had to pass the bill to find out what was in the bill?
Bipartisan = Americans get the shaft from both ends. Ever thought that even the worst Republicans don't want to work with you and your ilk?
#Hypocrisy after your party rammed Obamacare through?
I'm ashamed to say your our senator!
Then WORK together!!!
Oh like you did with the ACA. Hypocrite
Especially when they change the legislation to give more money to the states of those who will vote no.
How many Rs voted for Obaminationcare?
Please think about a way to pay for the health care insurance for every individual so it is actually affordable and provides good coverage
If that were the case obamacare would not exist
Tim now you talking about bipartisan work? Why you democRATS did not think that when Obama and you push and pass ACA.
absolutely!!!
A desperate tweet from the nervous left.
And that's how #Obamacare was implemented, right!?!?
Sick and tired if you hypocrites such hypocrites
Senator, just like when The ACA was passed, correct?
Nice sentiment, but Republicans are only interested in serving the folks who bought them. Working with Democrats doesn't serve that cause.
Why should Republicans.  Democrats didn't during Obamacare.  That passed 60-40....no Republicans voted for that mess.
now they want to work together, something new on this topic.
Much debate and 100 ammendments from the republicans
I love these comments!!! You should read some timmy
Regardless of your position on HC, I think we can all agree that a smart person wouldn't tweet this.
I do not understand how so many could still be pushing the false narrative of the republicans. Obamacare took 18 months, many hearings,
And what solutions have dems put forth to fix this bullshit ACA???
Timmy you don't serve anybody but YOURSELF!
Lol. Where were you 7 years ago?
I expect the same level of bipartisanship YOU gave the GOP when you rammed this dog shit law through. 

Zero
By that logic Democrats did not serve America best when they unilaterally passed ACA.
Here's your opportunity to make health care a bipartisan law!
UP YOURS GOMER! You ppl have no intention of working with Republicans. You said it right out of the gate. What a fool.
Says "the resistance" lol
When will YOU begin bipartisan collaboration?
A Democrat who now thinks bipartisanship is a good thing. Go suck an egg.
guess you weren't around when obamacare was passed behind closed doors w/out a single vote from the Republicans or you just don't mean that
ACA passed at 1 a.m., with no "bipartisan collaboration." Sit the f**k down.
#IronyAlert
Do you honestly not know how the ACA was brought into law?
So we should repeal Obamacare that wasn't bipartisan then, works for me
You lying hump.
This bill isn't serving America at all. It serves the Koch brothers
Yes! Crafting legislation is supposed to be a thoughtful and well-informed process.
Healthcare policy will be a swinging pendulum until its done on a bipartisan way.
US life expectancy has decreased for the first time in decades since ACA was enacted. Nice work by Dems with no bipartisan input
Really?
So what are you working on bringing to the table for healthcare??
Others should do what we didn't do that they aren't allowed to do what we did.
Like the way @TheDemocrats did? In the middle of the night? With no GOP votes?
And YOU are a lying hypocrite. Why was Obamacare forced on us by lying Democrats like YOU? You would not know Truth if it bit you.
Except he wasn't in the Senate when Obamacare passed in 2009....
Doesn't matter. Obamacare was forced on us by lying Democrats and Kaine is certainly a lying Democrat.
You guys passed Obamacare without a single GOP vote, just stop
THe Va.  I have dealt with act more like paranoid angry  helpless jail guards with negative offensive   illegal   end you &  unfair answers
Monopoly hospital associations should be checked and prices checked such as Sentara Healthcare , &  not  be a crooked  jail as Va. acts.
You mean how Obama and Garry Reid did?
Why was Ocare a strictly partisan 1am vote, then?

And, why is your son a member of Antifa?
Where was this when you shoved Obamacare down our throats with no debate?
Looks who calling the kettle black!
Exactly...keep up the good work...
None of you know how to do this 20plus tears if gridlock you funny man
Yeah, like obamacare.....oh, wait....
You’re kidding right?! Lol Obamacare anyone?! #delusional

Shut up... "You have to pass it to see what's in it..." #nuttynancy
What!! When have democrats been concerned about bipartisan?
your kid get sentenced yet for being a domestic terrorist tim
You raised a terrorist. Sort your own house out before telling others what they should do
Christmas eve night with not one republican vote or voice?  Sorry i had to look up bipartisan again. Prog definition?
ZERO Republican votes to pass 1 party Obamacare
how’s your son doing, Timmy? Still a lawless punk?
Health care and insurance don't work together in America. Medicaid for all
Right. The corrupt should work with the unhinged to keep the iinsurance companies profiting at the expense of our health.
Just like Obamacare
Clearly the Majority of Rep's secretive attempts at crafting healthcare do not have The people in mind.
Where was this bipartisan collaboration with the initial healthcare enslavement? Oh that's right non-existent. No bs
What planet have you been living on?
If Congress was on the same plan as the peasants, I bet we would have a good plan right now. Just get govt out of health care.
Tell us again how many Republican votes Obamacare got again? Oh yea, none you hypocrite. Go back and suck off Soros for more money you hack.
hey i hear your Son joined ISIS.
Why didn't you do that when you passed Obamacare?
Sure--but how was that working with your gang of eight? No one in GOP was ever involved-/ever!!!
Than why did the demorats cram Obamacare down the American people's throat and than exempt themselves from it!
You want bipartisan ? The hypocrisy where were you when ACA was passed? And stop supporting the domestic terrorist Antifa
His son is a card carrying member has to support
You were picked as VP running mate by a CRIMINAL your son was arrested with #Antifa for CRIMINAL activity Id suggest ppl stay away from you!
You liar! Americans are not stupid...at least conservative Americans. We know how you passed OCARE in secret!
Tell me how obamacare was passed again?
What drivel... Pelosi said had to pass Ocare to read it... no talk w/ Repubs... astounding u think people r as stupid as ur comment implies
Isn't that funny your party FUGS up our entire healthcare system in the dark of night W/OUT a (R) vote NOW you cry bipartisan fix HYPOCRITE
Health care should be for Americans. Especially you Dems.
You don't work together. You are a party of corrupt, divisive liars who have no real concern for Americans. Illegals are your priority.
You ought to practice what you preach
@NancyPelosi said it had to be passed to find out what was in it, meaning a bill NO ONE was allowed to research, that is crippling us!
Go away you stooge. Your a joke.
You do know Obamacare was not bipartisan, right?
Oh just like Obama did it huh? #loser
Who do you think you're fooling, Tim...??
Insurance co  and drug co make all the $.They have no conscience. Under OCare have no insurance.  Abt broke, 20 year pknsn. Meds r hi-deduc
Mirror, mirror on the wall
laughable as you're the party of obstructionism....oh maybe you forgot how Obamacare disaster was passed
Kaine might have forgotten, but WE who suffer with Obamacare haven't forgotten.  We haven't forgotten Gruber either.
The depth of liberal dishonesty is truly staggering
Hey senator Kaine I would want you to please involve the southern Cameroon case into ur mandate and talk about  in the white house
Resist!, remember?
Partisan collaboration to repeal a partisan law? Sounds right to me.
I hope this is a parody account
Just "bipartisan"? How about more than two voices deciding. How about both of the parties can kiss our ass
Hypocrite
Have you already forgotten Obamacare?
Hypocritical much? Go play with your Antifa son.
Senator: Did you get your information from @NancyPelosi? If so, I doubt it's accurate. She believes in passing bills and then reading them!
Bills that consistently have 0 Democrats supporting, regardless of the bill, points towards collusion, not collaboration.Act out your words.
Are you on drugs??  My God, how stupid can you be??
Like Obama Cares...except no Republicans voted for it.
What tree did you fall out of? Stop sucking up &stand up right man.are you 4 or against repeal & replace bill?
Oh really, is that how the ACA happened, by bipartisanship?
Bipartisan?  Tim Kaine's son was arrested for rioting and assaulting conservatives. His unhinged dad taught him his hatred.
Not how you passed ACA...You're a fraud!
