Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
Another Parrot mimicking all the other Democrat Posts 
The Russians are fighting ISIS and terrorism too if you have been briefed Moron
Obviously the threat is ISIS and Terrorism not the Russians 
Democrats are trying like hell to start a Cold War again for Politics dip
Oh that's rich hahaha
What's Rich will be 2018 when Republican can Senate seats and when Ruth is gone we have a 6-3 Conservative SCOTUS
Keep stroking yourself into believing that pal hahaha
Impeach him and remove him, and bar his succesor from pardoning him
What is shocking is  what YOU & Hillary. Hillary did REAL illegal activities. You corrupt Dems eat your own. FAKE indignation
democrates angry trump clearing swamp of government pedophiles,too late world knows who they are
Deceit, corruption, and utter stupidity have become commonplace in the Trump administration.
This was not true...... Thus has been fully debunked... Lol...
always a class act, tim....we thank God everyday it;s Trump in the WH and not you and hill

"The story that came out tonight is false," NSA Director McMaster says tonight. "I was in the room it didn't happen." 
I guess the Whining Party don't want their ISIS monster be destroyed! #MAGA
He must go, and go quickly. #TraitorTrump
Hillary sending / receiving classified info thru unsecured server is the real tragedy!! Trump working with Russia to defeat ISIS is RIGHT
You're nothing but a fraud and liar. Partisan hack is too nice a description of you.
Tell me. If Obama did the same thing. Which he did by tell Putin once I'm reelected I will do things. Would your response be same?
@washingtonpost would you please do the country a favor and give up your seat. Everyone can tell you just want to grandstand
Wait!  Isn't that treason?
Strictly technically speaking, no. It's highly reprehensible though.
TIME AFTER TIME! Proving unfit to hold any office! Do we think that we could change the old adage, You can.t teach an (OLD DOG new tricks!)
russia used for coverup DNC seth rich murder whistleblower 2wikileaks comey,hillary obama exposed
A big chunk of the job is about using knowledge and power responsibly.  I am, however, looking forward to Donald's Area 51 tweetstorm.
Fake news
He didn't DECLASSIFY Intell;  leaked it to an Enemy State; endangering all US citizens, endangered source, threatened allies #TraitorTrump
Obama would announce to the world, on national TV,  the movement of everyone of our troops. This is treason!
It is common sense to suspect that this was going to happen. No immediate action by Congress? Impeach him!
China should not be normalizing djt. Stop giving him passes on bad behavior.
seems the pedophiles senators are ones making up lies about president trump you are one
He does not care for our country he only cares for himself and his business.
Illegally elected
Is this worse than Obama paying billions to Iran for hostages?
why aren't democrats standing in protest about this?   Get this lunatic out of office now !!!!
russia was used as coverup 4murder seth rich dnc whistleblower to wikileaks u know this is the truth
Impeach!
Sure, Timmy... sure!  Of course, U didn't mind that UR running mate so carelessly handled classified info.  She's a Dim after all.
Say, little Timmy, what's your take on a Secretary of State deliberately diverting classified information to an unsecured server?
SENATOR GET A LIFE....NOTHING WRONG HERE YOUR PARTNER HILLARY DID MORE TO COMPRISE THE U.S. THAN ANYTHING TRUMP DID. PROSECUTE HER
You are a very jealous person. Trump won! You LOST! Get over it RINO!
Time for Special Prosecutor & independent Investigation. Shut down Congress until this happens. #Trumprussia #russiagate
Did he break the law? Good luck in 2018
Treason is foremost the worst thing a sitting president can commit, and should be reviewed for impeachment
So DO SOMETHING.
Still no word on what was leaked, who said it was classified, or who leaked the "leak". Oh but that doesn't stop you from harassing the Prez
What is shocking is that members of the Senate spend more time trying to over throw the President than working for American citizens.
#gethimouttathere #begin impeachment hearings!
another drunk dimshit say this about your running partner first.
Get YOUR facts straight! You consume #FAKENEWS You are a HUGE DISGRACE to US Senate! This has been fully debunked by US officials at meeting
stop being shocked and take action he needs to be held accountable
I'd work on my own failed VP campaign, as opposed to mocking the guy who mopped the floor with you and your co-runner.
Unacceptable #Impeach
Something needs to be DONE!!! This is ridiculous!
Everyone who has ever worked at NGA knows that Crooked Hillary shouldn't even have been allowed to run for president.
But not from Crooked Hillary?  This fake news story was quickly debunked by National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster, who was in the room.
And yet, our unethical, immoral #GOP Congress does nothing. Again. #elections2018 #VoteThemOut
Impeach this maniac!  He is in bed with the Russians. His goal is to lift sanctions for them.
You seem to really enjoy being so divisive.  The Commonwealth deserves better than Tim Kaine these days.
Not surprised but why he can continue getting away with it?
Please say this isn't true.
You're disgraceful spreading lies about the president. Were you in the room. Ever play the telephone game, that's what this is!!
@washingtonpost There is no excuse for not starting impeachment proceedings.
Anyone who hasn't been paying attention to this buffoon needs to start; 45 could get us all killed
Have you forgotten to pursue charges against Hillary Clinton putting our WHOLE COUNTRY AT RISK?  How about PizzaGate? DNC CRIMES!

Hillary was worse than Trump. It was a False report. Get a Life and get some work done.  I am an angry Democrat..
You must have forgotten whose running mate you were #hypocrisy
Please get the impeachment proceedings going.
Almost as shocking as selling Uranium to Russia
Nixon wouldn't have been so moronic as to TWEET out his treasonous and illegal acts, but the Strumpette must brag. (Investigators love it!)
Cover ups of Trump's cover-ups continue....McMaster, McConnell, Ryan, Priebus, Chaffetz, Pence, Spicer/Sanders, etc.  Party before country!
We know about Seth Rich, give up the charade now.
Shocking that the Democraps will not help solve the violence & crimes from the Liberals. Call for Peace & No violence!
We are in a truely sad, and dangerous state of affairs..This President needs to be removed
Well.....@HillaryClinton did it, too...oh wait. No she didn't. But she had a PRIVATE SERVER..oh wait so does Drumpf. #impeachTrumpnow
sore loser boo hoo    whats surprising is how Trump would win by bigger margin today  lol
@EJLandwehr Indeed Senator. It is time for  FULL COURT PRESS.  The patriotism of the GOP—already just for show—is all but gone.
@menjicm @washingtonpost AND.... THE REPUBLICANS TALKED CRAP ABOUT HILLARY!!!!! SHE SHOULD BE PRESIDENT & YOU VP. I AM SO SAD
Still crying? Come on Kaine, your dream of becoming the vice of the USA was taking away. Suck it up and move on
fake news invented by the cry democrats and dirty media
sigh
Trump is not pres for all American plus Trump been chooesn by Russia so no heart feeling now trump has 2do whatever Putin's order himfollow
But Senator Kaine! What is going to be done about this?
Keep fighting the good fight, Tim!  We honest people are with you 100%!!
Please begin Presidential impeachment proceedings NOW.
What's the government doing about this?? 
Do people have to start dieting before Adams thing is done??!!!
Fight this, Tim. We need you more than ever.
....WTF #IMPEACHTRUMP NOW
Exactly.  Expect the worst. He never disappoints
It's a #FalseReport. Thank You because it's the democratic puppets who allow us to witness lack of credibility firsthand 
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT THIS?TREASON&ENDANGERING THE WELL BEING OF ALL AMERICANS! REMOVE THIS INCOMPETENT CRIMINAL BEFORE ITS 2 LATE
Goodness!!Please Impeach Him Now!!!
But sane people can't let his missteps become acceptable
Trump isn't dumb he is a traitor.  He is a danger to the USA!
There should no sloughing off his actions as oh well. This isn't oh well, it's treason. That used to be a big deal in America.
Right on cue with the bashing. Such a sheep
@BettyBuckley We need an #IndependentCommission & an #IndependentProsecutor now!
Please please help get him removed.
If this is indeed true of our Commander in Chief, Senator, please save our Country now. #EnoughIsEnoughfromTrump
After we straighten the Presidency/govt out there's a lot more stuff- Mercer/Cambridge Analytica, voting machines, Citizens United...
Number one priority, GET TRUMP OUT OF OFFICE!! NOW!! Please understand the importance of this. Every day puts the US in extreme danger.
All flashing lights, bells & sirens, every alarm in the country should be going off right now. Please, do whatever needs done to remove him!
Senator Kaine, The investigation needs 2 b stepped up, but 4 now, Trump needs 2 b removed from office. NOW!! He's putting US n grave danger.
NOW IT'S TIME FOR REPUBLICANS TO JOIN WITH DEMS TO HAVE AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION INTO THE TRUMP/ RUSSIA TIES
No proff. Bill Clinton sold secrets to China for campaign donations.
that's fine, Senator, but what the hell are you and the rest of the legislative body going to do? What will it take?
Anything about the Russians....Trump says it is always FAKE NEWS...Trump &many GOP'S are TRAITORS...THIS IS NO LONGER ACCEPTABLE!
This looks more and more like HBO's Veep!! He's insane and needs to be put out to pasture!!
Time to impeach.
Time for jail!
Pls block all judicial and doj nominations until an #IndependentInvestigation is set. Withhold unanimous consent #resist
THE only shock is u amd ur mountains of lies, not shocked any more. Everytime u open your mouth lies more lies amd just misinformation lies
Do you have any proof?
@timkaine you're a senator!! I dont want to hear u say "how sad" DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! All dems are doing is talking Step up!!!
Trump and the Republicans shouldn't be complaining about leaks anymore. Trump is the biggest leaker.
I'm taking by all of the replies, you and Hitlary would be doing so much better?! Still laughable
He is incompetent and a danger to Americans.
First obstruction of justice, now Treason. Time for articles of impeachment!!!!!
#25amendment should take care of him. Then, let @AGSchneiderman execute the unpleasant stuff.
IMPEACH ?PUT HIS  dumb ass in jail!
IMPEACH @POTUS!!!!! PLEASE DO IT NOW BEFORE DESTROYS OUR COUNTRY!!!
This what happens when you put inexperience people at the top  Yep even a burger you have to have some experience in making it.
Unfit to be president
Glad to see protecting classified information is important to Tim Kaine again.
So what is the GOP waiting for?? Each and everyday there's something idiotic he does. He's a threat to the US and our security!
@washingtonpost Trump should be impeached before he totally destroys what is left of WH which he's presently destroying.
This from the guy who hammered HRC about classified EMAILS
That was proven, this is from the Wash Post.. consider the source
Sadly unsurprising coming from you and all of your Pied Piper followers that believe anything. #FakeNews. "THE RUSSIANS DID IT!"
Don't accept it as normal. It places our country at risk. Proceedings need to begin.
DJT loved Russia more than we the people of USA 
It's time to begin impeachment questioning .
@MarkWarner YOU know the President decides on what is/is not classified.
When u claim ur smarter than military leaders God will show u differently. just n MATTER of time 4 Humpty Dumpty 2 fall
@realDonaldTrump should resign TONIGHT! Before he gets another intel briefing in the morning, which Russia will have by evening!
The House could impeach, but can't the Senate get started on Article 25? The man is mentally and psychologically unfit.
Senator Kaine, I knew he was going to be bad but not anywhere as bad as he is. He has no business being our president.
He has been great
The security of our great nation is at stake! How can a normal citizen like myself help to get him impeached?
Do you have any facts outside of anonymous sources yet?  The statements made from those in attendance is opposite of what the Wapo has said.
and what is being done?  Enough is enough
What else would it take to impeach this clown of a president. #ImpeachTrump
@timkaine i want to vote for u in 2020...but need to see you step forward more! Lead the impeachment of Trump! Find your voice and be beave!
So, what are you doing to convince your peers that something must be done to stop the betrayal of the US that is happening?
Lock this idiot up in a mental institution
Too true.
Sadly unsurprising. #ImpeachTrump  What ARE we waiting for?
How is this not considered treason?
Hmmmm...Mr. VP-candidate for the woman who gave russian nuclear material.  Okay for her....not for him?
It's treason Tim. Russia is not an ally. Can't just accept it as unsurprising
Please hold him accountable.
Think everyone feared this would happen...sooner or later. No filter. No respect for anyone besides who he sees in the mirror.
They saying it's not true!  even if it is he will get off! The waiting for him to be thrown out sucks!
Just another day in Trump Reality Show. Everyone is watching but no one is willing to stop him. Insane.
You and @washingtonpost  are as about credible as  @CNN....laughable
My bigger concern?Who will do something about this?This is showing us all-around the world-what our Government is made of-who will stand up?
He's unfit & a danger to our national security.  He's so in debt to Russians he's giving out classified info to save his ass.
I believed Trump violated US law and also lied under oath book at WH.
The politics of Mr Kaine is sickening.  This is what we have to look forward, the parties creating havoc.  He's playing into hands of russia
This rogue President must resign
Unbelievable, when can we arrest him
@washingtonpost @GregJaffe 
Stop normalizing him! He must be stopped now!
Strange how all his troubles surround Russia!
