Get the Antifa to clean it up - will keep them busy
Tim, any word on the visiting days for your son in prison?

How's your feral kid? Did you bail him out or let him sit in jail and whine for his daddy?
Great job raising a loser Tim
Lol your son got arrested 
Your son should clean himself up - did you see his mugshot? Some parenting advice, spend some time with him, he's obviously troubled.
Maybe the burden of cleaning up a mess should be on those who created it

"US universities want diversity except intellectuals; Conservative r silenced" Zakaria https://twitter.com/sarrata/status/813226561373609984 … & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA …
How's your pepper spraying punch throwing son?
You must be so proud...
Disgusting
Company I worked for had a volunteer day to make concrete orbs to help replenish oyster habitat in Chesapeake Bay. Trump is an idiot.
Blah blah blah
Obama put us 19 trillion in debt, if we didn't spend all that money maybe we would be able to fund it
No the USA doesn't need Trump! He and his entire family are crooks and money grubbers! https://www.thecommonercall.org/2017/05/15/two-must-see-videos-explosive-dutch-documentaries-say-trump-has-deep-ties-to-russias-mafia-underworld/ …
http://Thecommoncall.org ? Is this a joke? 
Prosecute EPA people for Animas River pollution.
Your son arrested you must be so proud after calling for resistance
Tim Kaine's son among 8 charged disrupting Trump rally w/chaos, smoke bombs, mace & fireworks.

Daddy must be proud. FREAKS!!!
We must fight against his agenda to kill the EPA!  #resist

SO?  what's this?
Trump is a communist. Loves Russia. Hates the United States. Is destroying it right now. Dirty water, dirty air, no food Inspection.
Blah blah blah
His son needs an aaskicking just like his dad
Nah, you got it wrong. Plastics in water ain't climate change .
You mean the largess that's been enjoyed at our expense.  Godd job Mr. President

its all about pollution
You must be so proud of that son of yours. I wonderful example of the "resistance ".
Is worrying about the cleanup in your own household. Your punk criminal kid needs a haircut.
Chesapeake Bay has been sucking up tax dollars for 20 years  Is it clean ?
Will your son and pelosi' section share a jail cell?
What have the Dems done? Other than complaining and obstructing? Zero efforts to offer anything better!
You and your son are hillbillies!!!
Then stop him
So, poetic justice! Your thug son was arrested for violent rioting, after you encouraged him & others to "fight in the streets". Shameful!!
You better get your son Woody under control.
Any comment on your son being charged for violence at a Trump rally?
The states cand take care of this!
You must be so proud of your son! Your raising such a well respected kid.Maybe people seen right through your family and that's why you lost
Do we take your word for it or actually go to the document

Tim's other son is deployed with the Marines.  When was last time any trump (any generation) was deployed serving our nation?
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU...HELL NO!!!!!!!
#DirtBags Tim Kaine's Antifa Son- Woody Kaine - Charged with Mob Violence Against TRUMP Supporters
. On the other side, Democrats have plenty of time on their hands to voluntary clean those 'bodies of water' themselves in the coming years
Dems had years and multiple offices to clean this up. Now it is all on Trump. Your logic is flawed.
That can be revisited once the exorbitant govt spending has been reset to a reasonable pace
YOu ain't ever going to clean those up you do not even have the Technology on a massive scale to do so.
You need to condemn your 24 year old for acting like he is 10
Your a liar! You promote Violence! Look at your son! You need to be voted out!
Where's Linwood, Tim?
Heredity....
He's got a meth problem huh?  You should have a talk with him.
Shouldn't you be spending more time with that son of yours instead of tweeting?
Your dirtbag son didn't fall too far from the tree.  You & your family represent the worst America has to offer.
Too bad your running mate forgot that IA, NC, WI, PA, and MI existed.  Why didn't you remind her?
How bout some funding to clean out your sh-t head????
Why don't you worry about YOUR business and leave Trump alone? Since you didn't make vice president? ALL MOUTH now as the same back then
It's just a joke u political hacks don't want to cut anything. How about a balanced budget? Crazy concept! Govt sucks @ managing anything
no help for over 20% of the world's fresh water?  truly trump and his sycophants care nothing for our world, only their own welfare
Please get him out of the White House.
If it doesn't effect him he couldn't care less
This budget cuts everything worthwhile!!!
It also cut funding to clean up Hanford the most radioactive place in the US and could be leaking into the Columbia River.
unacceptable!!! when the Bay dies, we die
If you'd only sucked less. I hear you.
Assume you know this is the Trump strategy: Ask for a million things and then let you think you won when he just gets the 10 things he wants
Like a two year old.
Clean air and water?  #priceless
Trump must be forced to drink the waters from all of those locations. Not filtered.
So you blame the problem on Trump. He is not the problem and has priorities in the right order.
