Senator Kaine I trust that you and Senator Sanders and all of the other Democrats in the Senate will fight the Republicans hard to prevent
Wake up and smell the pile of sh*t the Republicans are trying to peddle as great health care
.@timkaine ur 4getting #HCBS through #medicaid &=optional & 1st 2 go. Plz cosponsor Disability Integration Act. S910
Obama Care pushed poor people into Medicare policies after telling poor people that Obama Care would take care of them.
Abortion has killed millions of Americans that Democrats don't want to have the Right to Life.
Get rid of Medicaid and every other Federal health care program. Leave it to the states. If a state wants to help, let them. 10th Amendment.
Keep telling your lies timmy boy it's working well for the GOP.
Repubs only care that people making over $200,000 no longer have to pay 4% interest on their investment income. They don't care who dies.
We have more important things that need funding; national debt, defense, border wall to name a few
That's much more important than children dying of cancer who can't afford treatments.Besides dimwit the money is just going back 2 the rich.
U think when they cut those taxes Republicans are going to go get them again to fund the wall? Middle class & poor will be paying for that.
Evidence to back that claim up so we can see for ourselves?
So no evidence you can produce of your claims right?
That's not the AHCA smart guy... try again?
Good job. You linked the right one this time! See it wasn't that tough.
#Deathcare please.
If Obamacare is so great. Why not set example &have it for u and ur family. I know the answer. Because u know it was a horrible program
Ocare has failed! Failed bad! Repeal Ocare! We did not need Gov in Ins prior to Ocare. Freebies create High Premium! No Freebies.
BS
Thanks for representing my disabled son who depends on Medicaid for important services!
Shut you're mouth! U don't know what you're talking about!
Tell the truth. NO 1 ON MEDICAID NOW will b dropped. In future, the EXPANSION wd halt. & STATES will do medicaid.I'M on mdcaid & NOT WORRIED
Doing so would put the entire Republican Party at re-election risk.  In my opinion it would lead to total collaps of the GOP party
No it wouldn't. Stop lying.
How many people lost their doctor or their plan under Obamacare??!! Stop acting like Dems care about people. Dems care about votes. Period.
Keep pressing for healthcare that is good for ALL Americans! I keep telling my senators that, but they don't seem to like my request! 
#GOPcare = #NoCare at all.
It's a trainwreck.
Who wins besides 1% (& of course Congress, who exempted themselves)?
@GOP fails voters again.
States were told the federal funding was TEMPORARY! So it is up to the States to continue funding or trim their Medicaid
It kicks no one who is currently on it, Just slows down new users as it should, we don't want single payer. Look at kid who has to come here
Fix it! Ocare too much for working people to use. Non working people get everything for free off our backs.
Fake news!!
Your answer is take working Americans pay and give to others. In the process waste and steal money to fund garbage like Planned P-hood. No!
When Trump supporters w/pre-existing conditions start dying due 2 term limits, @SenateGOP will own it. Death 2 the GOP #TheResistance #MAGA
No one should be "sitting on the fence" about destroying Medicaid! # Humanity
The issue of nursing home care is critically important. My grandma pays $8,000 per month. What happens if money runs out? Address costs!
Medicaid should always be there for the poor, but it was expanded to include too many able body people. Fortunately VA didn't take the bait
Dear sir, is your offspring doing well from bout of nihilistic rampaging?!
Soooo who's telling the truth?
Yes indeed! This t-shirt image says it all:
Oh wow! Isn't that clever?
Will not kick off, no longer extort is better terminology.
My husband & I pay over $1200 a month for ins with $5000/person deduct. We spend over$20,000 a year for zero coverage. Obamacare not a help.
Sheila I know many people with the same problem. Not sure why Kaine and others ignore this. They never even bring it up.
Do you not recognize NO POLITICIAN has EVER solved the health insurance issue? Ever ever ever. So what the hell are you bitching about?
Do you know why? Of course you do, IT IS NOT AFFORDABLE. IT IS NOT POSSIBLE to give the care people demand affordably. You know this.
Virgina Health Department needs to  "GET Disgusted" and request these things for me !
Whiplash Records at Hospitals should be more available to customers and dentists diagnosis on neck pain..from1997
TrumpCare completely unacceptable the only vote should be NO!
keep your plan, if you can find an insurer,and afford the premiums, and borrow from Fannie and freddie,love Obamacare.
Stop trying to scare people. Anything will be better than Obamacare.
I had insurance before Obamacare. Now we can't afford it or to go to the doctor.
THANKS!
I can't wait to not vote for you again. Partisan politics is NOT in this country's best interest.
As a bankruptcy atty fearful for debtors ability to successfully complete ch13 plans w/o health insurance because of adl cost to household
How does slowing future Medicaid spending increases kick millions of people off Medicaid?  What about the 140 billion in annual fraud?
Some of those millions you're citing are actually folks that will choose to opt out of aca
Use rip Tim sounds sdramatic maybe Rep will destroy them thats good. Working families indeed like an elite shit like you even knows. U lost
No Trumpcare No TrumpBudget No TrumpTax reform for rich No Wall No privatization of infrastructure Shut down Congress & Trump agenda
Sorry. Never happen.
Thank you for fighting this terrible bill.
I bet you have no clue what the bill even has in it. You just follow the gang
Drop Hospital   MRI prices  down by 65%   and c section prices down by 65% to improve insurance margins Partials are 300-400 not1100
I've only called one of my Senators, Bob Corker, I feel like Sen L. Alexander is a lost cause to me
"Aetna pulls out of Virginia Obamacare market "
How will the Democrats fix the fact that no insurance company will participate 
Why can't we stop this! Only 17% of country likes this bill. How can they pass it if voters don't want it? So confused.
Where did you get yours stats? And voters didn't want half of what Obama fed them and they had no say. Our turn.
My family will lose our insurance they have one that is cheap but covers nothing you pay to carry a card
That right the Govt should take care of everyone. Just like Venezuela right Tim? People are really loving it there, right Tim. TERM LIMITS!!
You mean, Medicaid would actually be for the people it was designed for? Horrors.
Yeah, but @GovMikeHuckabee thinks we should do it, so it must be the right thing to do.
If you could show us why that is I would like to see
That's why it's called #DeathByGOP
Eveidence to dispute the Senators statement?
Not a Trumper, but he's wrong. Medicaid won't hurt anyone pregnant sick, old. It will force people to be employed who aren't any of those 3
You lie!
trumpCare is tax cut for wealthy. Period. Nothing to do w/ HC—except to say "We killed off ObamaCare." So what if we kill off Americans too?
Fewer families getting care means fewer care worker jobs as well.
same ole same ole! Derelict of duties!
Stop lying to the American people. You hung around Crooked Hillary too long.
Liberal Dems are the only ones to lie & say less increase=CUT

Obamacare already make working class Insurance too expensive to do any good.
Shouldn't we try to fix those problems instead of replacing it with a plan full of other problems?
When Government becomes this involved in the healthcare markets its a teeter toter choice between great coverage or Low costs.
Let's revisit the subject after we remove the elephant in the room?
Mostly MOOCHERS that don't work.
No... The overwhelming majority of people of Medicaid are working poor and elderly. Stop believing in the "welfare queen" theory of the GOP.
I'm a democrat and I see the non working people sucking the system constantly. And the elderly get MEDICARE not Medicaid.
&they dont care if millions of vulnerable ppl R w/o healthcare,as long as they get a tax break 4the rich that's all that matters
Please call your senators and tell them to vote NO to the newly unrevised. Non healthcare bill
Please retweet
#Republican #scam is coming to an end #RussiaGate #RussianCollusion #Trumpcare
So what is your solution Senator? Whining is not an answer.
Current situation is not sustainable.  We purchased insurance through Health Republic and they went belly up.  A fix is needed.
Keep fighting the good fight Senator Kaine! 
