GOP senator urges Republicans to "have integrity" and delay vote on healthcare bill http://hill.cm/F7AnL8e  
It's hurting businesses right now with premium increases for 4 straight years. People lose jobs b/c of it. We Need new plan!
.Did you see that Senator Grassley confirmed that Schumer and Schiff were liars for months.  There action were basically sedition.
Mr Kane why can't the Dems do something about this instead of saying it's a bad idea!
My thoughts exactly!
How can treatment for ED be covered and not birth control
I can agree with that.  Rushing it through sounds too much like the democrats and Obamacare.
That's why Ron is a good senator!
Interesting. What was that on the first ObamaCare bill?  Oh yes, it was vote for the bill before finding out what is in the bill.
thank you, Senator Kaine.  It's not there. It's not even close
Cheers to an independent thinking Republican with a heart!!
He has no heart. He compared people with #pre-existing conditions to crashed cars. "You don't insure a car after it's crashed." He said.
What they need to do is full repeal you hypocritical fraud. obamacare cause far more damage and will continue to do so.
I wish I thought that the majority of Republican senators gave a shit about who they hurt. They just don't!
Gops hate and want to harm American citizens that aren't Gops..they hate everyone except their vile corrupt selves..
I don't think all Republicans want that. I truly believe that most don't know how bad conservative policies r 4 them. Most politicians do!
No reason for @GOP to listen to healthcare experts on Trumpcare because their intent was never to improve or expand healthcare.
Gops just destroy things..they never build up or help solve problems..they sadistically hurt citizens for their personal profit.. again...
Thank you read this bill for your self!
If Obama  care is so Good why don't u have it????
Hey Tim, why don't you set an example by giving up your cushy health insurance and opting for the one we're all going to get
CBO comes out today. Sorry can't credit for it.
Trump thinks it's his bill. He's too stupid. Dem's spent years and years perfecting the ACA, Cheeto thinks his men can do it in days.
Yet @SenRonJohnson Still went on to compare the ill/disabled to crashed cars. His resistance is a stunt.
WHAT ARE THE DEMOCRATS GOING TO DO TO STOP IT?????????????????????????
Irony alert.
They. Don't. Care. #wealthcarebill
WOW
Did Dem let Rep read ObanaCare before it was shoved down our throats? Nope! And it failed! No room to talk! Your record speaks!
@thehill 
Not only will it hurt the people .
The senators will not be re elected
@thehill I think the word your looking for is kill not hurt
@thehill 
Let the people vote on the
health bill.
It matters not if Dems hold off their votes.
I won't be able to pay for my healthcare and still have enough $$ to live comfortable! #Teacher
can't wait-can't wait...the "wealthy" are holding @SenateMajLdr's turtle shell hostage
Thank you Senator Kaine for all your trying to do
THEY DON'T CARE! Welcome to the 4th Reich! Enjoy your stay.
Also they will hurt themselfs in 2018 vote , plus hurt the people who voted them into office ,many will become democrates
Because that's what @TheDemocrats & @NancyPelosi did? When you say garbage like this do you feel a little hypocritical? Pass it then read it
oh so us jqp can have nothing, fat cat.  I it involved your plan or your jailbird son you'd start negotiating. ....
Yes, it will.  Republicans don't care, and Democrats hands are tied!
@thehill anything would be better than Obama care
Trumpcare will be a major scandal in American history in the near future which will finally condemn Donald Trump and the Republicans.
Trumpcare is not Healthcare, it's Death-Care as we speak and the Republicans are the party of death.
We can launch campaign ads in order to hurt the Republicans for passing Trumpcare which will lead people to their deaths on the GOP's part.
I've been hurting since obamacare was enacted.  The average unsubsidized premiums for a fam of 4 is over $14,000.  Gimme a f'ing break
Including them when they run for reelection.
That's like telling a dog to not be a glutton.
McConnell needs to retire
You do understand that they don't care?? They were paid to not care!! Population control is about to begin as they let ppl die
They will be nothing more than murderers.   Is that how they want to be remembered in history?
What's happening to your obama care in so many states Zero 
Snort.  Republicans?  Have integrity?  Good luck.
Until those GOP words turn to action they're meaningless.
Please feel free to obstruct this bill. Obstruction to defend 10th amendment is very wise. Obstruction for political means is unwise.
Does the GOP have integrity?  Tough question!
48 DemSens, Heller, Johnson, Collins, Murkowski, Paul, Cruz oppose. Trump says it's mean. Toomey says millions lose coverage. Move on.
Easy to say. But you rushed Obama care and it hurt millions.
You act like ppl aren't hurting now with the current system. It's absurd
They don't care about the body count as long as there fat wallet remains ,wake up the repunlican holocaust is almost ready.
With all due respect, all senators should vigorously debate this bill and make necessary changes until all republicans can pass it.
I'm sure some of then are starting to hear from friends&family members who depend on Medicaid,ACA provisions,Medicare gap fills
*them
You mean like you did obamacare and how many people it hurt not counting the entire country?
@thehill could you call @SenBobCorker and explain it to him? He's still "reading" the bill and can't decide what to do.
@SenMikeLee 's staff told me last week that he wouldn't vote if the vote was rushed/without time for discussion.
Trump needs to sto making e rude remarks about Native Americans. It's extremely ignorant and insulting. It shouldn't be tolerated
Do as I say not as I do?  Is that your advice Senator?  #BankFraudBernie
you should know all about hurting people Tim Kaine, you and your dem buddies have hurt MILLIONS
Why can't you throw the say words that they spoke a few years ago about the original ACHA ?  #weneedtime #dontrush
Translation. " it will cost me votes next year if I can't get them paid off."
This is amazing, it's like sighting an endangered species! A Republican who believes in integrity and working with Dems.
Agreed! After all, not listening to dissenting opinions is what got us saddled with ACA in the first place! #HealthcareBill
LOL
I really think some of them are getting off on this!!
Were you so concerned when Reid & Pelosi shoved Obozocare down our throats?  "We won't know what's in it until we pass it". Fraud.  #MAGA
What do you want to add or delete with this bill?

Don't keep taking my 

2010-15

If company kept my insurance $9.2k

After ACA $19.6k
Integrity? That lot? You must be kidding!
Agree w/ sentiment but u r making my senator look like he's being reasonable when actually he's just concerned bill doesn't cut enough yet
That is EXACTLY what everyone said about #Obamacare. #Dems didn't listen either.  #TermLimits for #Congress
This is not a healthcare bill. It is a vehicle for tax breaks for the wealthy. I'm tired of supporting the rich.
#trumpcareiswealthcare
SENATOR HEALTHCARE IS ONE FIFTH OF US GDP ;HOW CAN WE TAKE A CHANCE ;WITH A LESS THAN PERFECT BILL ;WHAT WOULD HAPPEN ?WHAT COULD HAPPEN?
What do GOP know about integrity?
Not anything more then liberals.
it is not hurt the people we are support that bill make the people have to work not just be lazy and stay  home and get depended on govermen
True but that's because the bill isn't deadly enough for Ron, Rand, Ted, and can't remember #4. Lol, Perry?
Good luck with that! From where I sit #integrity is not a word one can associate with the majority of the #GOP!
In 2016 voters had a clear choice and selected repeal and replace of Obamacare over the BS you and Hillary were selling
They don't care.
Integrity?  He needs to go back to Eisenhower
If they rush it through, it will say a hell of a lot about them and trust me, it's nothing I'd want to be called.
Yeah, but think of the tax benefits to the 1%ers.  Isn't that the WHOLE point?
Omg, integrity!  Haven't seen much of that lately.
#Obamacare only WORKS for those who don't WORK. No more free care for illegals & refugees.
Exactly, it put more people on Medicaid.
The bill is generous. The left is nuts. Medicaid was ALWAYS state run before Obamacare.
Trump promised voters better, cheaper healthcare for everybody; @GOP should get hammered until they have a bill the CBO says does all 3.
Wait till the CBO score comes out on this one tomorrow
integrity. what ever happened to integrity?
THEY DON'T CARE!!!!! STOP ACTING LIKE THEY DO!!!!!
Dems did just that with Obamacare you fool
So says another FOX deplorable.


The bill is fine. It's generous. Medicaid was always state run #stopwhiningLeft 

#DeathParty is #ClintonMurders #BloodMoney is @ClintonFdn …
