You poor pitiful "has been"! You Dems need to stop being jealous of the Trump family! They have worked for their money! U should try it!!!
Do you support the Trump family selling Visas to the Chinese for personal gain? Yes or no.
Prove it! I believe the truth based on real facts!
Trump is at most a Lincoln Log. And I don't mean the toy.

Thank you. Thank you verr much.
Why can't any charges be brought? Why is this allowed to happen throughout this administration? I truly don't understand.
The exact same question I keep asking. Why hasn't impeachment started? What's the stall with the investigations? How is this allowed?
Because the hypocrite CORRUPT @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP do not care! They're Party OVER Country! #Russiagate #emoluments #GOPGenocide2018
Senator Kaine, its obvious the election was rigged. How does our Constitution allow this man to act as a dictator?
litlle minds still blame the russians,  the Constitution was written to protect us from what has been in office, corrupt dem libs  READ IT,
Kush selling citizenship, Ivanka selling books & womens wear while employ by White House. Where are watchdogs & ethics in the GOP?  #resist
The very 1st thing this administration tried to get rid of was the Ethics committee, let's not forget. They are criminals.
Glad you're tweeting about it, but when are you and the Senate going to do something about it?
@POTUS45__ Well America has officially become a Banana Republic, just waiting for the dictator to put on the FAKE military OUTFIT.
we had that for the past 8 years, the subjects did not notice
"of, by and for the people",.. well then STOP BEING OBSTRUCTIONIST and become a LEGISLATOR!! You work for us Timmy, not the Democratic party
When can we start impeachment hearings? Do we have to wait until 2018 when the Democratic Party is in the majority?
timmy timmy timmy,  it has been government for you corrupt socialists during the past what 22 years,  grow up, you took a oath follow it
The last President was JFK. Don't bother singling out Trump as the bad apple. Since JFK they've all been rotten.
You're such a hypocritical fraud it isn't even funny
As if you're pure and innocent.  You were a protege of Hillary and that speaks for itself.  Government of, for, and by the Clintons!
So true
So true.  I still don't understand how Mr. Trump became president.  It is, on a daily basis, a source of deep upset and shame.
Lushness are just another family of crooks
I think you meant Government by and of the #democratic, progressive, left-wing elitists  r liberals right???
In that case, we follow "Honest Abe's" instruction!
. There's already been an illegitimate coup, which destabilized the  order. The legitimate coup is long overdue, about  days due!
It's coming my friend; THE BLUE WAVE will sweep these bastards away, then we must set-about dismantling the GOP for good!
keep on being the puppet follow and stay lost, the dems have done nothing to help anyone except themselves with promises, which are LIES
Exactly, but the checks and balances are not working.
@realDonaldTrump thinks he above the laws in this country & for now the @SenateGOP @HouseGOP are allowing it & IT WILL BITE THEM SOON! #2018
The CORRUPT @potus @realdonaldtrump family belongs in PRISON! They're ALL compulsive LIARS and all of this is beyond sickening! #trumprussia
Democrats  Government of for our big donors.
Truth.  #resist #marchfortruth #Trumprussia
who says they aren't profiting from him being president
TIM KAINE WHEN DID YOU PUT YOUR LIFE AND FAMILIES SAFETY OF THE LINE UP AGAINST THE ELITIST SOROS CLINTON ROTHCHILDS MURDERERS ?
#GetOutOfOurWhiteHouse #Grifters 
@IvankaTrump @jaredkushner @JoshuaKushner @darak77 @nicole_kushner
Lincoln weeps.

http://www.eTruePolitics.com 
Old Man Mitchell thinks @SarahPalinUSA pulled off a great rebound after race but you have been a failure.  Enjoy mediocrity!
The people who voted for Trump!crazy!the wanted to wipe out the liberal  movement of Obama !
What I don't understand is how anyone in middle class could vote for Trump. Maybe it was Dems poor candidate HC. Not very likable.:(
You knew Trump was going to use high office for the personal benefit of his family, business, and fellow billionaires.
Everyday in office his family is building an empire for only themselves, they ignore our needs so far we have received nothing from this Man
Did he say that or is your ultra igo
THIS is nothing new! @HillaryClinton brother had his fingers in that pie
@SenKaine please press this case & revoke #Securityclearance #investigatekushner #conflictofinterest #EmolumentsClause
WOW, why don't all you start acting like adults, your no leaders, You work for us, not the other way around, 8 years of corruption, fix it
Tim how are you and the entire Dem caucus not SCREAMING for deadbeat sycophant @jasoninthehouse to be investigating this?
This program has been around for years.  Don't blame it on @realDonaldTrump
Wow,
where is the outrage!?! Where are the people!?! Is this okay in the 45th party? #impeach
This is how it goes when we put a complete buffoon in charge. And I say this as a new resident. I'm an asylee and black. Double the threats.
Its no longer unbelievable...its predictable.
I like it I can turn this whole country around in moments with proper help.  Interested let me know.
Now the Kushner family too
Shut 45 and his entire corrupt family down! Remove all of them including his corrupt administration. Trump is mentally unstable!
#Resist
The silence from Congressional Republicans is deafening.
You are certainly correct, Senator Kaine.
Senator,is this legal? Can you help?
Does violating first part of paragraph 2 of Declaration of Independence constitute an impeachable offense by Trump/Repubs?
Not a trump fan. He was better than the alternative. The more you and yours talk about him though the more I support him.
Is there a word stronger than "obscene" for this family?
You should be so lucky as to have such a family.
Another day,  another abomination.  What will it take to make it stop?
It will always be WE THE PEOPLE Sir.  Always!
@realDonaldTrump stop stealing from America!
Dear Senator Kaine, I join millions of America in their disgust in the way the Administration is behaving!! Please don't stop investigating!
We should never tolerate this happening in VA Muslims should not be harassed in grocery stores shameful!
To the Muslim lady: Proud of http://you.You  stood your ground & exposed hate.
To the harraser: get some education plz.
#traderJoe's https://twitter.com/yashar/status/861109570059599873 …
How am I not following you!? Will fix immediately! Class act! 
Yes however his son is not a drunkin bump found in county jail for disrupting the american election process that was yours right ass @POTUS
Just $500,000. Is that all a visa is worth to him?
Art of the"pigeon drop"Sell lies (trump U) bilk suckers/voters, Pay family 1$t,  Lies, collusion collapse N2 BK or Nuclear strike 4 cover Up
Can't you guys do something to get him out?
And we let him do it while we whistle in the wind. What a country, what a government
You hit the nail right on the head, his family and even his extended family! So much corruption!
And my billionaire friends!
All these words by a subservient troll of the Clinton Foundation. Another broadside by a hypocritical career politican ! Bye, bye in 2018!
@timkaine please do something about this
So true & I don't understand how #Trump & Kudhner get away with it. Isn't the DOJ or FBI or Congress supposed to oversee this?
My retweet is not an endorsement of Kaine. Still it is those in power (Dems & GOP) that can put an end to the pillage. Step 1: Recognition.
I know, get tired of people assuming that it's the 'other team' that's the only cause (in comments). Breaking that thinking would help.
Come on Senator Kaine, let's get an investigation going!
Does @DHSgov know? Does @CustomsBorder know?
Using the White House to line their greedy pockets.
This is the rarely seen but greatly feared Tim Kaine burn. Thank you for all you do sir.
The position of President is sacred, only 44 (+the idiot) persons have occupied the role. It should be revered by the occupant not stained!
So what concrete steps will you take? Tweeting and angst get us nowhere.
I worry about the pillaging of our country by this family - what will be left when done. How much clean up needed.
Haha Good one Senator
So true
You nailed it with that comment!
His recent comment; passing healthcare bill brought the Republican Party together was telling. He cares little of the Democratic Party.
is someone investigating this Mr. Kaine?  I sure as hell hope so.
Pretty much.
Uh, do something? You're a US Senator?
Love this more than fish and chips!!!
Except Trump would consider the 'of' clause unnecessary overhead.
Senator Kaine, how on earth can this be tolerated it is so brazen.
It should be illegal for the Kushner family to market their property in this situation.
This is NOT public service but crony capitalism at it's finest.
@hughesgracedgre lock him up!
The EB-5 Visa exists, Kushner or not, but the flagrant use of the Administration in it's sales pitch is shameful. Why is this not illegal?
Demand oversight !!! We do !! Signed The American people
So true. He thinks he is untouchable
Will some go to the Republicians why no cannot be said??  AMERICAN IS NOT THAT BAD WE KNOW WHAT IT'S ABOUT.
GREED
.@OfficeGovEthics This is outrageous and needs to be taken up by your ofc and the House&SenateInteCtes, another violation #EmolumentsClause
Truer words were never spoken!
Why the hell is this allowed to happen??!!can't he be removed or at least investigated?!
You are so right. The Trump/Kushner families of grifters once again out to make money by their presidential connection. Lower then snakes.
You are losing your base the people are rising up against you're lying gang of robbers president Trump has given the back to the people
@KimberlyOnAir @CNNMoney I wonder if CNN realizes that Kushner is a democrat
I think the world knows the whole family is 
Thought selling visas was illegal?
there is so much corruption in this administration, the sad part is even if he's impeached we're still stuck with his cronies 
You should look into this "EB-5" Visa game. Trump sold Kushner his licensing agreement. Selling access to citizenship.
mmm  you have to apply and qualify on many levels to be able to get those visas...(vetting).....do all real estate co's guarantee approval?
that is why their slides included the pictures of trump et al labeled ...the DECISION MAKERS...and her presentation included that language
We are counting on you to do something about this kleptocracy! Do we have to wait til they load a van w WH furniture?!
Thank you for speaking up on behalf of all Americans! This President is the most ethically challenged in 60+ years.
Don't know who I am more disgusted with, the house GOP or #45.
How can this happen?!? This is why we need to educate our citizens so they can understand how government SHOULD work!
You speak sad truth!
Why is this egregious conflict of interests allowed ? Certain immigrants are banned while others are courted with promises of Eb5 visas ?
He runs the nation like a kingdom. Makes decrees and tells the court to make it happen without regards of consequences. # Nation_no_kingdom
Kennedy (D-MA): Bobby, wanna be an Attorney General?
Government Of by and for a small plutocracy
Tim Kaine, you are a sorry hypocrite. Hillary never bothered you. You sold your soul for a vote. VA can't wait until you've gone.
State Department: Private Severs illegal... Hillary Clinton: it's okay it's me
Much the same way the Clintons operate.  Dude,  if you are going to stand for what's right do so no matter party lines.
Why is #Trump and #Kushner getting away with this?  Why aren't our Congressional Representatives doing anything to stop the corruption?
Tim is a savage!!! And I love it!
Too bad you didn't mean that when you chose to run w/ a global eltist.  France won use that as an example of how we don't want HRC in power!
This family gives "crime family" a bad name... have to remind myself that this not a new series streaming on Netflix...
Please investigate and stop this family!!!
Can we please get this guy out of there? And Pence. And Ryan.
On point!
Keep pressure on.  So much corruption eventually will lead to their demise.
Apparently he thinks he can sell memberships. Hey #kushner it's a country not a #countryclub
Senator Kaine:  Thank you for being on top of this!
but thats not what yuou gave us tim. You gave us government by and for the fbi. Now you sit there trying to distract us from it
Cause refugees & illegal immigrants don't have cash to offer. what  a corrupt administration. people voted 4 "the swamp"
Where is or is there not a conflict of interest?  Why is nothing being done?
Ok Hillary, it's not working. U lie as much she does!
So DO something about this corrupt bunch.  Lock the criminals up!
Anyone who didn't see this coming pre-election is a fool. This has been his life long behavior.
Disgusting.Not surprising. #MostCorruptPOTUS
Better than his predecessor and your former running mate "Government of, by, for Government- screw the people"
Totally disgusting!
How is this legal? and why is the government checks and balance not doing anything about it
The Rethuglicans have hijacked each branch of government so there are no more checks and balances. They chose #partyovercountry
#soreloser
This is beyond appalling. Will the Kushner investment road trip now take them to Russia?
Ive paid my taxes...Ive voted since the age of 18..All I ask of my Country is to STOP THEM please put America first!
We must, by now, be on about reason 5000 or so why I voted for Evan McMullin...not Trump.  So this is reason 5001?
#HidingInPlainSight
Well said
Yes member of congress.....what are YOU going to DO about it?  This family is getting away with living like a Family Dynasty.  #sickofthis
Pay-for-play visas. This is a new low.
Explain to an ignorant, but fast learning, English woman how this is still being allowed to continue?
liars gonna lie, eh? not gonna try to claim you don't know that $500k investment for a visa is just business as usual, standard US policy?
WHEN is congress going to ACT?????

What are you going to do about it Senator?
Not much he can do in a minority party when the GOP refuses to act. Traitors love being in power more than they love America!
Just when is USA going to rid the world of Trump and his family?
Methinks DJT constantly flirts with impeachable acts. When he's not sounding crazy enough for #Amendment25 to be invoked. #ImpeachTrump
Too generous.  : to, by, for ME
This really pisses me off. Trumps sell America
Why is this not illegal?
Rim, can the governor of VA contact the governor of Washington St? They have a very successful healthcare system
Can we not just report this but actually do something about it?!?!
Call and complain to the Republicans in Congress. If they don't act they have to be voted out. They're a bunch of power hungry traitors.
Is anyone enforcing the law anymore?  #TrumpRussia
We are seeing the blatant abuse and hope you and others can do something to highlight and stop this abuse of power and theft! #Kleptocracy
Just gross
. Good one!
Well Senator, the R's HAVE always been the party espousing family values.
45, his family, and his regime bring shame to our country. Every. Single. Day.
have you seenhttp://2016usaelection.simplesite.com/432971941
where where where are those Republicans in Congress and on the right who lost their minds over the Clinton Foundation?
#Corrupt #Hypocrites
Every Trump every Kushner is the epitome of #GREED Abusing the system for their petspnal gain. #SwampFillers
Will this be investigated?
Isn't this illegal and if so will it be prosecuted?
So much for a country of laws.
In how many countries are they selling citizenship?
Spot on
Well it's on your favorite channel so it must be true right?! Try fact checking ya loser!
Isn't this exactly what they accused Hillary of? Can't anyone in government stop them?
Damn crooks steal from the poor/middle class and give to the rich @realDonaldTrump the most corrupt administration ever
The hallmarks of any kleptocracy.
Mr kaine your nail it
