Pres Trump's 1st budget: 1.3 trillion cut in Medicaid, 72 billion cut to Social Security Disability #TrumpBudget #BrokenPromises
@cykelly1718 Only in America do we push folks to work more,for less pay and higher risk of injury,then set ablaze the safety net
Sadly, yes. And the #GreedMerchants refuse to understand that dsn't have to be the American way. 
#trumpPoliciesStink #GOPpoliciesStink
Yep!
SSA disability is different than regular SSA retirement and you know that. You are correct,however, on the Medicaid part-they want to cut it
Umm, you DO know ppl that get disability have to pay in a certain amount to get it. And I've been fighting 11 years! Paid in ALL MY LIFE!
I help folks get SSDI—I understand it very well.  My point is that the Disability Trust is different that SSA retirement.
I better I understand it better. NONE of it should be touched! #Moreliesfrom45
I doubt any change occurs until the money runs out, despite what any political wants or says.
And millions like me. But the haves do NOT care! SSI is NOT welfare!
Well, SSI is not SSDI.  SSI is funded by general tax revenues and is welfare.  SSDI is not.  https://www.ssa.gov/ssi/ 
I'm on a Federal level. Won if Fed court twice. Finally after 3 years my hearing (appeal) is June 6th. I WILL be denied.
Sorry but you have some lazy ass people on welfare and disability. They get more money then most honest people. They are robbing the system
TRUMPs robs the system far more. Millions per day and that's just the money we see.
How is he robbing the system? And don't tell me golf cause Obama was just as abusive
False. Obama didnt take a single golf trip his first 100 days and wasnt using his WH job to sell hotels and swag or traded code secrets
Well good for him. But he sure did make up for it.
Obama brought us jobs.
And so has Trump
No, he's lost them. By the bucketload.
Falls in line with your having done nothing your entire political career. #loservp
Should have complained to the previous admins who took your SS. #pileingon
So...you're raising taxes to continue to pay for bloated medicaid that covers so many who could work?
You'd rather cut taxes so we can't pay for Trump's budget & end up in another recession?
Please read a book. Budget cut growth in spending not actual dollars as do all Fed budgets.
And which book would you recommend? One by Friedman? Or maybe "The Shock Doctrine" by Naomi Klein?
Good Googling girl..BTW, that's called alliteration!
No, I've read books by both. And taken economics courses. You?
Who's cutting social security? Certainly not this President and not this Congress. Not enough taxes to collect to save this program.
@realDonaldTrump has a trough full of GOP Kool-aid set up for his lambs being led to their slaughter.  Shameful!

Thank you
He's a liar and a republican puppet
He's not going to cut social security.  He is going to cut social security.  See the difference?
He met Putin, he's never met Putin.
Trump values the sanctity of marriage until a hot woman comes along to move on like a bitch.
Rumors are he's already got someone in the WH . Thats fine for GOP, not Democrats, I guess.
What a liar!  And his base, composed of SS and Medicare/Medicaid recipients STILL can't see it!   #Rectumlicans
In addition to the alleged assault on a reporter in Montana. Robo calls are being made by Pence and Trump. Illegal in Montana

All Trump does is tell lies. Can't believe anything he says.
You act like this is your money to choose who gets it.. it is our money and we are sick of people abusing gov funding them
Do you know how hard it is for a disabled person to collect disability? It's ridiculous.
Yes my bro n law collects it. 
And is he honest?
Another lie from Mango Mussolini. Can we please impeach him?
This needs to be stopped as it will only hurt those who need it the most
DEMS are such liars. This is FAKE AND DISHONEST NEWS. We know the difference between Medicaid and Medicare...
get educated. Watch more than fox. Read. Dont just say it isnt so, when u havent even read it
If your word isn't your bond. What kind of man are you..?
@Rep_Tom_Garrett Where are you?
He's nothing but a liar along with his other cronies!
@timkaine I support the Hyde Amend. Then as Hillary's running mate - Of hell no! Pot Kettle Black
I could talk all day about unhappy I am. It's all just talk. We need this guy out of office yesterday.
He isn't known for his integrity.  If you don't have that you have nothing
Whatcha going to cut???

Now is taking money now or do you don't want increases in it ??
Now we have congressional candidates allegedly assault ING reporters because they asked questions. That is a reporters job
Tim Kaine, I hope you can accomplish that goal ! !
Worst administration od the US history. Shame of dt
And yet you stood silent when obama gutted Medicare for his program- you're a fraud and hypocrite
I know he was lieing then and he's never stopped lieing !!
He was joking Right? He  does not use it so he needs to lose it! Voters will remember this and Trumpcare & those who voted for it!
He is the worst liar I've ever seen.
NOPE he's going to cut Soc Sec more maliciously than ANY Rep & he will leave just enough Medicaid/care after gutting to say it's still there
"...like every other Republican". Save medicare, but while at it, learn how to write. #jesuits fail us again.
You an the rest of the dems better be talking to the nazi
repubs
Stop him!!!!!
We knew he was a liar
Thank you! We're counting on you & @SenatorWarner to beat Trump! We're working hard for Dems on the state and local level! @RoaIndivisible
Promises unkept.
That's because we hope your not in gov next year
Haha shame on the fools that voted for 45.
Govt is too BIG.  The ballooned federal budget is getting out of control.  Our Democracy is soon to fail because of fiscal irresposbility.
I can't think of one thing he hasn't lied about. Honestly.
Liar, liar, pants on fire...
TK..You and your type are the reason our debt is at 20 trillion!How you ever got elected is beyond me @POTUS best president ever! Yes ever!
Believe you me. He hasn't told the truth his entire life why start now
Love u Tim Kaine!!!
"Trust me"
Hah!
Senator Kaine thanks. We need you to fight to ensure Trumps version of this budget doesn't pass...
Tim Dems need to get the vote out . You should be out every weekend having a resistance rally. Don't wait too long or you'll lose again
does he EVER tell the truth???
The smart voters knew that was a lie and voted for @HillaryClinton & @timkaine.  3 million + more than voted for @realDonaldTrump
.@timkaine  ... don't you think it's a little past the time to hold him to his 'promises' ??
GoTim!!
NO CUTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY INSURANCE PAYMENTS! 
Thanks. We do have a problem with SS, but cutting benefits is not the answer. Raise, or elimnate, the cap.
ALTERNATE FACTS - LIES
oops
Hear hear!
To pay for bombs/ships and huge tax cuts to corporations/upper 5%, Trump turns against our most vulnerable citizens. Unfair wealth transfer.
Like every other republican? When did you become a switch hitter fella?
@SpeakerRyan what the hell man??
Go figure. Contracts work, doesn't pay; makes promises he doesn't keep.

Liar in chief.
Seems if your not rich that @realDonaldTrump could care less about you. Other people do not 'economically' provide - so he just leaves them.
when there is an increase but not as big of an increase as you think . guess what it is STILL AN INCREASE, not a cut.  you are a liar kaine
Reduction in rate is not a cut like when your savings account % rate goes down . Did they really take any more money from you ?
What about what I want ??? Every person in Washington to take a 50% pay cut!!!
He had better rethink that
@realDonaldTrump remember when you accidently said that?  U know, the time you said lies to get elected?
Mack Mulvaney did not receive that memo from POTUS.
Liar liar 
get these illegals and so-called refugees off tax payers gravy train,
the only cutting that would make Americans happy ! Is watching you cut your own throat !
And I'm going to build a great big wall and have Mexico pay for it and give everyone a great big tax cut and balance the budget...
hes the bigly liar ever
@MikeOkuda @realDonaldTrump "Cut" is such a crass word...he prefers "eliminate".
He's literally a professional con artist... can't ever believe a word he says.  Anything to get people to like him at the moment.
Watched you on CNN this morning Senator Kaine. Making this Virginia girl proud who knew you when. Keep up the great work
Stay strong America supporting you @timkaine! UnitedWeStand #VoteBlueAmerica take down @GOP blood suckers #IllegitimatePresident
Instead of wandering around the Middle East and Europe maybe he should be home to explain it to the American people.
What? @POTUS is an unstable liar, who can't be trusted with, well, anything? Who knew? Oh, right, most of America did.
Astounding that his base believed him.
What can we say, Sen Kaine....these are the promises that will not be kept.  The rich get richer and as Mulvaney states, our compassion.....
Well he meant until he's president
He was a liar and a thief be before the election. Is anyone surprised?
And these cuts will only serve to kill the elderly, disabled & children.
This is what the GOP wants. Their voters thought it didn't include "them". They voted for this. I don't feel one oz of sympathy towards them
He's a puppet for the Republicans that are telling him what to do, what to sign and he's just a huge liar which we all know on top of that
Thank you Senator
We have known all along that he is a pathological liar.
Unfortunately, people got suckered into believing that's what would happen.They wanted to believe what the rest of us saw as a false promise
The fact is trump habitually and intentionally lies.
What does this bring the count to, lie #372?
Its not a "Cut" like you are explaining it. Its a reduction in planned % increase. It will still be a bigger % increase than any president.
Ah yes, I remember it well.  Does he think we are just going to forget what he said when he wanted our votes?
@timkaine We ALL know that you won't do anything except WHINE & OBSTRUCT! @POTUS @WashTimes @FoxNews
More lies from the king of lies @realDonaldTrump the #FakePresident. There is no defense for this @zypyxx
He has to play ball with McConnell, or he's out the door.
Please stop this liar!! He is making the people of our country look like a bunch of buffoons.  Please
Good news
45 lies about everything...always.  Can't figure out why anyone still believes his drivel.
O you think the pope heard his confession
Another day, another lie from 45, rinse and repeat!
Trumps budget isnt the problem with you liberals.ITS TRUMP!If Uncle Barack proposed the SAME budget,youd be carrying signs,cheering!
sorry Timmy!Maybe if your message was better,you and Hillary could decide our budget?Go worry about 2020,IF you can find your message?
Stand strong Senator Kaine!!! We, the majority, need you
Immigrants don't qualify for any of ^^ & we have plenty of child rapists right here. Maybe we could trade them for some decent immigrants.
If you truly gave a shit about generation Z then social security needs to go the baby boomer vampirism on the poorest generation has to stop
Ah, his words are but ephemera, though--even when they're on the record. Not sure how that works...
Hold him to his words. Not cuts to Medicaid or SSDINor SSI
He lied.  No matter how many times he & the WH say it was just campaign promises doesn't change that he lied.
Your name is Tim?
Since everybody believes him so easily I got a bridge for sale
So many lies.....from the President of the US....we're in lots of trouble
Thank you .@timkaine
I don't want to hear you complaining about @POTUS and his tweets as much time as you spend on here. Any ideas of your own or just bashing?
Sure...
HE LIES...but we must fight, march, call, and VOTE. We must flip the house!
Yeah right -- more lies from DJT!
*Believe Me*
Cruel
What happens when a pathological liar becomes president.
Let's interview Trump and ask!
He did the exact opposite in his first federal budget.
Some sanity from the Republicans at last
Trump lied of course Trump says one thing but does another almost always.
Serial liar ...
