Dems are seeking single payer.  they drag thier asses and obstruct Healthcare to accomplish that end.  Don't trust gov to take care of you.
How will these people feel after listening to Democrats talk for the last 8 months (and 8 yrs) about how great Obamacare is--and it fails???
I want a #Republican to explain to me why the Republican Congress sees so many #American citizens as worthless and disposable.  #ACA #AHCA
The #GOP fundamentally doesn't see #Healthcare as a right, unlike every other developed country in the world
Sure they do, otherwise they wouldn't add amendments exempting them from everything they're doing to us. They don't see it as OUR right.
#stillspeaking! #fixit #savemedicaid #donoharm
The real reason why TrumpCare failed is because Dem are protecting Gov Control over Med for Socialist agenda. ObamaCare failed!!!
Thank you for standing by us.
Plz also listen to disabled adults in VA by cosponsoring S.910=#SaveMedicaid & saves$ & allows ppl  HCBS 4 LTSS
I think the governors had something to do with it also, even red state governors
Government healthcare means they control your healthcare just like the nightmare VA. The government sucks at just about everything!
THERE YOU GO TELLING MORE LIES, YOU REALLY NEED TO STOP LYING
Its amazing how much easier it is to vote to repeal when you know that your vote is going to be veto'd
Single Payer is the true target. Gov will offer to pay for your care, but you will never know, when they accidentally cull the population
We all know how desperate veterans were 2 receive care. If Pres Trump hadn't intervened, they wld continue 2 die waiting 4 help,  That's SP
Single payer HC- An accidental poisoning, bad serum or vaccine, too easy 4 Gov to get out from under HC cost of thousands. Culling the pop
UK has single payer HC.  They just lost 2400 hemophiliacs to aids tainted blood.  How does that happen to so many?  Easy 4 Gov to cull pop
ACA is a complete failure.  the fact that you don't acknowledge that is frightening me.  Vote this goof out in 2018.  Unite the country.
Oh BULLSKATA Timmy!!! It failed in the Senate because DEMOCRATS FAILED TO PARTICIPATE!! You told GOP you wouldn't along w/ the people!! BS!!
No. It failed because it was nearly as bad as Obamacare. Gov does not need to run our healthcare. Get that in your head.
The reason it failed is because the GOP hacks are only worried about getting re-elected!
Lie.
200% increases in premiums are a lifeline?
More of your so call success!
You call this a success
Keep fighting for our right to health care, The fight isn't over yet.
No the reason the ACA failed is because Americans are voting in Republicans to repeal it. MAGA
Contrast with how Obama Deal financed Iran to wage genocide in Syria. Enriched IRGC who just threatened to sabotage our nukes in the US.
Power to the people!
And we all need to continue speaking out about the atrocity Trump is going to make on tax cuts
How about Dems getting out there and explain how Medicaid is a separate policy from the ACA.  Fix the ACA and don't touch Medicaid!
Glad to hear that you are so supportive of Obamacare...it's a perfect system for you? Your middle class constituents?
Thank you so much for listening to our kids about their real fears about losing healthcare. They might be 18+ but they're always our kids.
Did you mean Obamacare failed? You seem to think this is good news. Look what Dems have done to American PPL. You should be embarrassed
I still find it alarming how many of our Senators voted in favor
Not for everyone.
What is "not for everyone".
Not for my family. And the belief that monthly premiums are $75 for all is horseshit.
Who said premiums are $75?
The Obama White House Josh Earnest.  Biggest lie ever.
You're absolutely right. And thank you for the acknowledgement.
70 million on medicaid? It was designed for only real needy, but planned to be expanded because obama killed jobs and the middle class.
You socialists want single pay and you can't even run the single pay VA program which is much smaller.
I know hardworking adults who were able to afford health insurance for the first time in their lives because of the #ACA.
Thank you for standing w/ the people Sen. Kaine.
Please sign on to support single-payer ASAP. Thx.
Remmber for the People. Lets continue with Health care for all free,not really free,we pay for it with r taxes and Im OK with that,so is USA
Yes - but also because it wasn't awful enough to please some conservatives
Tim why has #Obamacare failed in the U.S.?
I think ur lying. Asked what Americans. Deport illegals and dream kids. More money for Medicaid for Americans who need it
Or because some republicans were so hardcore that wanted more Americans without insurance, and 23 million wasn't enough for them?
Sometimes that completely escapes 45
No greater motivation than caring for your kid! We're more than walking preexisting conditions! Please keep fighting/working to  #SaveACA !
The process worked. Bad policy failed. Constituents were heard.
Actually it's because it didn't repeal your liberal bullshit enough. Don't worry, it will pass, and you're still not VP.
Current bills do not repeal Obamacare. They keep subsidies, Medicaid expansion, mandates, 5x prem for 50 & over. VOTERS WANT FULL REPEAL.
Dem's Obamacare destroyed healthcare/insurance, jobs, economy. It took insur from millions & put govt in charge of all medical decisions.
It failed because you Morons on the left refused to work with the right. So now Obama care will fail on its on Whiney Tim.
The Republicans hold the house and senate.  They dont need the dems votes.  Just a bill that 50 GOP will vote for.
Didnt happen. They didnt get the 50.
Correct, but the GOP doesnt NEED DNC votes.
Please let the public know how Trump has been sabotaging the ACA. We need to take the tax cuts for the rich OUT OF the healthcare bill
What ever happened to personal responsibility and the notion of improving your lot in life Senator? As usual that is scoffed at by the Dems.
No moron it didn't cut enough out of obummer care.
Hey Tim

How about you figure out how to FIX your beloved obamacare...

You know... FUND IT without breaking the budget
Do you actually even care about the working class who can no longer afford health insurance because of your collective stupidity?
Do you honestly believe you would have had decent, affordable coverage with Trumpcare?
A big shout out to all the people fighting for the ACA 
Obama used ACA to replace single payer due to controversy in 2010=an election year ACA is substantially a Republican plan @TheDemocrats
The #Resistance at work.
Where is the lifeline for the folks that have to pay for entitlements! Put able entitlement people to work! No more handouts for DEMS VOTES!
Do someething besides babble!
Trumpcare/Obamacare whatever=Real issue= NONEOFYOUCARE about hard working people who are forced to foot the bill for a disaster YOU started.
Then how is it Paul Ryan, Rand Paul et al believe it's awful. How is it they aren't listening to Americans? Ryan et al are evil and cruel
The reason why repeal and replace of Obamacare failed is #GOP don't agree and that ok. Those #GOP better hv better ideas. U r lying again
The ACA is doomed to fail because of Dems like you. You have no clue on this. Stay out of it. You are a failure.
Good Wednesday, Sen. Tim Kaine, GOD BLESS
