I hope GOP is stupid enough to pass it. Because GOP will DIE that day.  >1 State AG will sue them if they do.
This health care bill isn't simply unconscionable and unjust. It's unconstitutional.

We won't stand for it. 
It will be illegal for them to pass.
Sure is! It will be real career ender for GOP extremists. And so well deserved!
The GOP bill says $13000 annual standard deductible. How the poor and low incomes be able to pay? Especially the elderly!!!
FYI, I never spread fakenews. When I see fakenews, I would call them out.
Which anybody can tell from a look at your feed! Pretty sure you were attacked by a bot. They're all over right now. Enjoy blocking them!
Trump shut down ObamaCare signup center ....
Thank You Senator
Thank you Sen @timkaine for fighting tooth and nail for our families. We really appreciate your support!
Please keep working hard for all Americans!
You rock. We have your back out here in Progressive Washington State.
1. Sir. If President Trump has cut the phone-in help centers in an attempt to sabotage ACA, can we organize a volunteer center? I don't know
2. The first thing about what it would take, but if it keeps a system that works from failing, it is worth a try. Please advise.
Are the republicans going to be the party of breaking things? Anyone can do this. Fixes are tuff.
So let me get this straight, you are going to do all you can to preserve a failing program in O'care?  Strange logic.  You're clueless!
But you can't.  You and HRC were too arrogant to visit all 50 states and choose to blame Russia.
I'm so happy with my Senators Tim Kaine & @MarkWarner in their efforts to support Virginians & protect health care.

Thank you, protestors, for heading out into the heat of summer on your day off!  Thanks to each one of you.  U ALL!  You look marvelous
Protect Health Care? Stand around dead horse, throw hay & water at it? Your a waste of $ w No care for people!!!
@kals55 Are there efforts to register voters at these health care rallies? @vademocrats @SpreadTheVoteVA @registrblue @votedotorg
Thank you Tim.
Mr Kaine we could use some help in Wilmington NC. Chemours Co is dumping GENX in our drinking water. Have to use bottle water. Please help!
Do you have a plan to fix health care?
Vote these obstructionists out.  Give America a chance.  Unite us!
Wow, you drew a crowd of 75 people. Did you offer free food?
Roanoke college is the only place I can think of in the area where you can assemble that many idiots who think ACA is 'health care' #goodjob
Thanks for standing for all the nations children And elderly. I appreciate you
Taxpayers, listen to the message.  He will do everything he can,"'Not" to repeal?  Refuses to begin any new plan, clings to Obama legacy
https://coreystewart.nationbuilder.com/ 
Wow I bet there's 100 people there... that's a larger crowd than you and HRC ever got during the election
Need Medicare for all
There must be at least 50 people in attendance!
How's your son doing? The apple doesn't fall far...
What are you gonna do if u succeed? You party is pathetic! No purpose, no real agenda other than resist. YOU LOST!
You already have. And now we will fix ACA. Tell Big Pharm that the party's over. If not now 2018
Thank God you can't do much.
Please keep up the fight for us Senator. This is life or death for so many.
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Great Tim now if we could only see your ideas for actually fixing the problem  #StillWaiting

Trump shutting down ACA call centers.  Going good in US Senate.
Once again you fail to attract a crowd to listen to your drivel. Even at a liberal arts college. Ha!
Tyvm Senator 
Who is going to pay the $1500 a month premiums and $12,600 deductibles? What are you supposed to be protecting? Please explain that.
Awesome. hold your rally when the premiums triple
All u Dems will learn nothing is free. Single payer will eventually crowd out all other public spending. -Defense, education, infrastructure
As a trucker I have good health insurance at work. I don't want Dems to ruin that which is what the plan is with single payer. Shit for all
I had 90/10 coinsurance plan. After Obamacare I got 80/20 for more money and a higher deductible
I know someone on Medicaid. It's free but so few except it that it's hard to find care
The Dems plan for healthcare is for us all to be equally miserable with long waits and rationing. Destroy insurance for the masses who hv it
How are YOU protecting Health Care? Did you find more Doctors that are taking New Medicare patients?
Repubs are stupid to repeal it. Let it crash and burn then the Dems own it .
These kids dont even buy in insurance. Most of their parents are paying for it until they are 26.
Dang. They are all old people...no college students even turned out on their own campus.
I do not think students are on campus now in summer
Thank you, Senator Kaine 
We know you will!  TY Senator Kaine!!
looks like a pretty small crowd there Timmy
ppl have been brain washed into thinking single payer is good for them, they need to do some research.
some more paid rioters timmy ! Who's footing the bill? You inept insect.
Looks like it will repeal then
Wow! I'm this photo, but you have to be good at Where's Waldo to find me:)
Should be doing everything to make us a better healthcare plan
Thanks, to you Senator Kaine. Continue to do everything to improve the ACA, and end the discussion of replacing and repealing.
Have 2 do a bi-partisan bill if current #RepealAndReplace product not good enough!! Time will tell!!
Not many there,huh.
gee timmy can we have the Congressional plan...print more money, dig a deeper hole...
Thanks for your service to the Country!
Props to you, Sen. Kaine. Keep fighting!
Wow it took losing 1200 seats and the presidential election to care about what you idiots did... sad sad sad
Looks like the same 20 people who came to your campaign rallies.
Pathetic. With high copay no one has insurance thanks to you all who passed and never read it.
You tell him!
DNC FRAUD LAWSUIT
Wimp
Why don't you come out for single payer?
Honestly, I don't believe there should govt healthcare. It's costing the tax payers too much money and making people rely on govt too much.
1/2 I think Republicans and Democrats are spending too much time on this when the simplest solution is to drop govt healthcare...
2/2 Then they should incentivize competition so that not one insurance company becomes too powerful. It would be cheaper HC across the board
Thank you, Tim!!!  Keep fighting for VA and all Americans.
Thank you
Ugh, you're back...?
Thank you Senator.
Thank you, Senator
Then you support Virginians losing their healthcare
Thanks for being willing to Show up and listen.
How about doing everything you can for Medicare For All?! #Medicare4All #medicareforall #SinglePayer
Everyone does get it...after they've paid their dues by working 30-40 years and not living off government handouts.
Obamacare is dead 
