STOP TELLING US HOW BAD #TRUMPCAREAND AND  FIX IT
That is lame excuse. They all work for the people not a party. All I have heard is belly aching. THE TRASH TALK HAS TO STOP FROM  BOTH PARTY
Trump needs to go! Seriously! Can't you people get him out considering all the illegal crap he does?
And Clinton would have kept OBAMA CARE right is devastating
Keep fighting for the average guy and those marginalised.  Thank you
Medicaid should be for the truly poor and it should be our combined goal to help those get off of Medicaid.

Medicaid should be for the truly poor and we should work to get people off of Medicaid.  A safety net is not a long term solution
It is for the truly poor! R U going to make dementia patients in nursing homes get jobs?disabled kids?Babies?UniversalHealthCare=answer
Disabled kids and babies I would help their parents get jobs.  You don't live in the safety net.
Most do have jobs but their care needs are so great they need the extra help. Talk to someone who has a loved one with expensive care needs
You agree that living in the safety net is not where we want people.  The net is there to break the fall not be a home
agree we need universalhealthcare.60% onMedicaid R employed!extraordinary costs require safetynet
Stop the lies & hate/fear mongering.
Except the ACA is imploding NOW. there's no way it will make it to 2036. It's talking about slowing the growth. Not cutting it.
I don't really care if it's repealed & replaced OR fix. Only other option is do nothing & it w go away on its own but wouldn't b good.
Only dems would think slowing growth is a cut.
The @GOP plan won't keep pace with agingSenior pop.&their increasing healthcareNeeds.Over 60% nursingHome on Medicaid
Affordable healthcare is NOT just about ins.  There's a lot more that should b addressed.
I agree with U on that! @GOP plan will result in higher premiums, higher deductibles & LESS coverage (eliminating essential HealthBenefits)
& what do u tell ppl who's states or counties have no ins anymore or just one ?
universal health care as most top countries have.USA care more expensive&lower quality than world'sTop countries
Idk about that. A lot of the worlds wealthy come HERE for healthcare.
no just for illegals
Same old.Same old.Just a different obstructionist.Where have you been while Obamacare was imploding?Devastating.
Stop lying to us about Medicaid.
It will harm children like mine-#Medicaid has saved my child's life & kept our family out of bankruptcy
'At just 8 years old, she is the strongest human being I know' — this mother wants to protect her daughter from Trumpcare 
Someone PLEASE explain why tax cuts are needed for the wealthiest Americans.
Quit trying to scare the American public
Godless
Not calling it cuts anymore? Yes, it is a reduction...to save this country from financial ruin thanks to Obama admin. And adoring Democrats.
No it doesnt
You accidentally cited failing ny times
People will die, because you believe bullshit and not facts
Medicare increase is cut in several years, not $$. Ought to get people employed as 80% get insurance thru employers.
Yah, 2 people that I would never listen too.. hey Tim, has your kid started any public fires lately, and Cory how's Newark doing?
This is so wrong and shameful!
I think people have it mixed up medicaid I don't think is going away they want to get people who are abusing it off of it
I think this Admistration should let Obama Care hang itself. Then it will open the board for a definite repeal n replace!
@CoryBooker Medicaid fraud. That's where all the waste is
That is so sad.
It's tragic the Democrats refused to consider #SinglePayer when they had the chance, instead caving to Insurance Industry. #MedicareForAll

Fear mongering Dumbocrats. They're haters, dividers, propagandist who prey on the weak minded & uniformed. Get votes via giveaways. #MAGA
@SenateGOP I work w many that will lose including my daughter w autism.
Why is fed govt involved. It should be free market and each state takes care of their Medicaid recipients
I actually agree but accept there's no turning back now. No one should fall thru cracks. It's not just about ins either.
I am terrified that if this happens more parents with kids with autism will feel they have no other choice (murder/suicide; already rising.
But Barron needs a new life-sized stuffed lion!!
Love the truth of the post and not the content.

Good, it's time we working people quit taking care of the free loaders of America, when we can't even afford to go to the Doctor.
yes, we are of no use to him. So, off with our heads.
USA wants Dems, and anyone else trying to keep Obamacare in existence, to stay the hell out of health ins/care. REPEAL ALL OF OBAMACARE!
This is #fakenews. Medicaid will continue to b funded it just won't get dramatic increases. Find ways to cut cost & b more efficient.
Keep fighting for us
Lies Lies Here we go with Trumpcare. You're just like @CNN Liar
You're not very smart are you?  @realDonaldTrump is a sleazy, lying con man. He will be forced to resign.
#Obamacare devastated Medicare now.
How so?
This is the most revolting WH ever! Do these repugnants meet daily to decide who they can screw that day, and cause undue stress & alarm?
Very likely they leave that up to Trump & his on-going tweeting.
The very people effected that voted Republican.
@timkaine, please consider my alternative suggestion. Cover everyone and keep employers out of it.
I do think we should remove the cap on what Medicare can tax but that also means we don't mean test elligability.
We should allow seniors to gift theirs to others they choose.
Tim Kane is a liar medicaid spending increases under Trumpcare. Tim Kane doesn't want this bill because his party didn't come up with it.
You are lying again... it does not Target children at all but you are acting like a little child that's for sure
We hung politicians in 1947 at Nuremburg Germany for same. It's called Genocide!
#Trumpcare
Pretty much says it all!
Why do you feel anyone owes it to you or anyone else to pay for their medical insurance? No one pays for mine.
Are you bragging or complaining?
I'm bragging that I have always been accountable for myself and not a burden on others. That's the American Way.
I find that hard to believe!
I've done it for 16 years. I own my own business and work at a Dept. store four nights a week.
Why isn't nursing home care part of Medicare?  Do people expect seniors to just drop dead?
Was it ever part it medicare?  I don't think it ever was.
NO IT DOES NOT. GIVES 7-10 YEARS FOR STATES TO SHORE UP MEDICAID.
