Breaking: Trump administration will allow employers to refuse to cover contraception.  http://n.pr/2ksmNIm 
Mr Kaine, what is expanded is the religious exemption, from the Amish to other citizens. Get this right, sir.
Which there shouldn't be because freedom of religion means you can't impose yours on someone else. ER's have no say over EE health decisions
Freedom of religion means freedom of conscience, meaning you can't impose a contraceptive mentality on conscientious objectors. Period.
Still not addressing the other uses of the med. It's why I was prescribed it.  HIPPA says I don't have to tell my employer why I need it.
If you don't work for an exempted employer, then you'll have no issue. If you do and object, perhaps you should change employers... (1/2)
Yes because jobs in some locations, particularly among his base are so plentiful.
You make suggestions without viable solutions.  How about this, if you can't be fair to all your employees, don't run a business.
If our society is to be truly pluralistic, you must allow such an employer to operate. You must be *tolerant* of such employer. (2/2)
Women should be responsible if they don't want to have babies don't use abortion as a birth control
The bestvway to reduce the need for abortions is through contraception. Duh.
If that's the case then why isn't Viagra on the list and are you saying married couples shouldn't have sex? Don't say silly things
If contraception is unavailable or too expensive, the # of abortions will rise, even when not legal. Proven historically. #factsmatter
I am suggesting you support birth control, which Trump is now removing as mandatory coverage. FFS.
Faulty decision on GOP's part. Women will now choose abortion.
2/ Solution - no more sex for intrusive men.  Let's see how long that lasts!
Why would an employer want to cut this? It’s a lot cheaper than maternity coverage and time lost during early childhood.
Give him time - I'm sure FMLA protections are next on his list to cut
Women need to Rise Up and Run for elected offices!  Until we do, we will allow these hypocrite men to control our lives!
When did it become the Boss's responsibility to pay for contraceptive? Cant she afford a condom herself? Tim you are a socialist-commie
This vindictive administration is pulling and ripping all the affordable health progress just because they failed. STAY WOKE
If they use a few dollars and provide for themselves they will never have to.
I had a woman tell me "it's not a health issue until you get pregnant." How do we fight this sort of willful ignorance?
Why the heck would I ever pay for someone else inability to keep their legs closed. Get a clue, you know nothing about what a woman fears.
This administration is reducing our country to third world status.
I think $9Trillion added to the nat'l debt during the last admin moved us closer to 3rd-world-status than this roll-back of an exec order.
Pretending to be a christian is blasphemy. You need to ask Jesus for guidance. I'll pray for your soul.
Prayers always welcome. Thanks
imaginary ideas of family_life_now Protestant_princes_Churches who NEVER serve actual families. #get_MEN_to_work vs #videogames #iphones
To be clear, it's live in anxiety of having contraception pulled by their employer and live in fear of sexual manhandling by said employer
The rest of us Americans shouldn't live in fear that our gov't will cut our Medicare/Medicaid or insurance coverage!! FRIGHTENING!
Right. All us on Medicare better not be sleeping, either. We’re next on the chopping block.
Medicare is already on the chopping block in the tax cut bill.
Yes it is.
Working woman are fearful to keep their jobs; taxation of big government greed Obamacare cost jobs for many woman and/or less working hrs; homeless numbers rising; this comment shows you have no idea on the pulse of the working woman.
oh no so you mean I can't cover other peoples birth control? you mean take my money for someone else's life choices
Since when is abortion considered a contraceptive
How most progressive women treat it, abortions are birth control to them.
Birth control pills prevent pregnancy. I thought u also needed a women's biology lesson too.
Shame your mothers failure on not exercising her options for abortions......
Typical "prolifer" ...I choose to care abt the living that will suffer from these inhumane laws.
Who shall pay for your socialist ideology comrade?
We live in a community. We should be helping each other. Gee that sounds familiar, I guess ur calling Jesus a commie.
Because asking them to spend a whopping $9/month for any of 12 different birth control pills at WalMart is asking too much?
Or they can take responsibility and pay for contraception
Im not blaming women. Im blaming the democratic party for reaching out to nazis
Please explain.
if they werent reaching out to the 'white working class' clinton would be president right now.
If the electoral college wasn't paid or bartered for, she'd be pres.  Add up all of the Not-Trump votes, and Trump lost by a landslide.
and they are still paying those nazis off for the service
Hopefully employers keep some common sense
Employee sponsored health care is something the employee pays for. They just join a pool, and some employers contribute$, some don't.
Do not birth control pills cost $9 per month without insurance at Wal-Mart and Target?
OK, these Christian supremacists can cut coverage when they can show where in the Bible Jesus said, “Thou shall not use contraception.”
If planned parenthood can donate 36mil to you democrats that would buy all the contraceptives they need
Fake number.
Such #gopocrisy! Then they want their mistress or girlfriend to get an abortion or they cut children's health insurance!
Damn want the Gov to provide free toilet paper for you too
Society must accept womens right to kill babies.
Can we eat them? No reason to waste food! People are starving!
Great idea!! Why waste the fetus?
So many #nutrients
We can knock out two birds with one stone. Protect womens reproductive rights and end hunger.
Excellent. Those uteruses will be useful after all!
Misogyny on display in spades. When they control women’s reproduction they can control women. #Resist #FightBack
I was always able to control my own reproduction thankyou
Good for you for landing on the good fortune to have the $.
but fact is I've always been in control of my body in the 70s there were free clinics for those who couldnt
There are 500 miles separating clinics in the rio grand. You sound very privledged.
how about more clinics and lower premiums pparenth..has lots of extra $$$they made big donations to the campaign remember
I live in fear every day that United Healthcare will cut off my anti aging creams. Aggghh!
Women should take responsibility for their actions After all they choose their own course. Why make others pay for lack of responsibility
Insurance companies won't do that! BC is a lot cheaper then babies!
Women shouldn't live in fear that a BIG Hollywood democratic donor is a serial women abuser.
Agreed!
Your body= your choice
Your body= YOU pay
Then it should be my choice to decide with my doctor what to do with my body.
If YOU pay for it. I agree. If YOU use MY tax dollars to fund promiscuity, then you LOSE your “choice”. See how that works?
Sorry you can’t have a conversation without resorting to name calling.
At no point did I say YOU and promiscuous in the same sentence. Perhaps you’re a bit too sensitive?
Read again. You actually did use both of those words in the same sentence.
Let me break it down for you. I wasn’t calling YOU promiscuous. Jeezz.
Why should employers live by your conscience and not their own?
Because contraceptive medication is prescribed for other reasons as well and thanks to HIPPA your boss has no rights to your health info
Exceptions could be made for lack of contraception impacting health. Same for HIPPA. Neither reason addresses the issue of conscience.
It's all about wanting to keep women "barefoot and pregnant, in the kitchen." #GOPMysoginy
Mike Pence would be over the moon. 
Gives a whole new meaning to bad bosses.
maybe the government needs another delivery system for contraception pparenthood sure has a lot of extra cash
Europe has laws where ur boss can't contact u outside of work, we have lawmakers allowing bosses to get into ur reproductive life. Freedom?
So my employer would rather pay for an entire pregnancy, maternity leave, training my replacement? Oh and a new plan for my new baby too
Cheaper than delivery, child medical care. Republicans want women back in kitchen, barefoot and pregnant. We won't go back! Ban semis
Keep your legs closed and problem solved
Senator, You mean I no longer have to pay for women having recreational sex? How shocking!!
My health insurance is going up 40% thanks to Obamacare.  Spare me your BS about "progress".
Hey, my kids are beginning to look at Canada .. much as we did during Vietnam ... 
trump & GOP r the rever of progress for our country & the world.
Maybe they should tag this 'religious freedom' with an obligation to cover maternity leave. Hit them in the pocket and God is forgotten.
@Jmalco What business does Gov and employers have in a woman's private life!?!?!??
And that gives "Bosses" a lot of leverage-in the worst sense of the word
This war on women is simply astounding & severe. So many decades of work to move women's issues forward & now these huge setbacks.
Omg trump I hate you 
your country seems to be sliding into that swamp we keep hearing about.
This whole thing of tying healthcare to employment puts people in jeopardy in so many ways. Let’s change that!
I’ll bet they are forced to cover viagra.
You don’t have to be so dramatic AND incorrect, Timmy. BTW, I guess the Weinstein gravy train is over for you, eh.
And doing this at the same time we are defunding Chips. We women are under attack
If there was ever a reason to take healthcare OUT of the hands of employers this is it. Take employers and insurance co. OUT of healthcare!
No birth control, no maternity coverage, no child care, no income security, not enough food, unsafe housing, pro-life?
People must own assault weapons "2 protect families" but birth control results "n risky sexual behavior" so women shouldn't have it. 1950's?
That is between the doctor and patient! Not the boss at all
No one understands that nothing is free, it cost somebody. Tired of the I don’t care who it cost as long as it’s not me attitude.
No one should paying for contraceptives except the person taking them. That makes woman beholden to someone.
My question is why would they do this? How much money are they saving by doing this? Because we all know it comes down to money. #DumpTrump
So put your action where your mouth is.  Time for real change, time for #MedicareForAll
Then fight it!
Clown
We now live in a theocracy and Jeff Sessions is the High Priest.
Maybe it will make them more resposible
So hypocritical for those GOP males who use and abuse women to continue to push to control our lives.
Tim is "frightened ".
So are they going to take away viagra coverage? Of course not. Well women close your legs until they hear our voice hands off my BC!
Woman want to be treated like men, pay your own way.  This is such BS
Help! What can we do to turn this around?
Back to the 20's -60's. If he wants to live like the past let him buy an island and ruin that instead of America
Birth control pills are about $4.00 for a 30 day supply at Walmart.
Progress reversal is caused by libetal obsrtuction and resistance to anything trump or gop.
Keep giving to AntiFa.
Will they also refuse viagra and vasectomies?
@NPR Wives of Trump administration should deny sex to these men. No birth control, no or poor maternity coverage, then NO SEX!
BC pills aren’t always about pregnancy it’s about homoral functioning probably aggravated by impotent males
#stillwithhim

And what do you think advocating “right-to-work” laws or helping to advocate against abortion does you craven hypocrite?!
#nocontraceptivesnosex
@NPR Massachusetts A.G. has already filed a lawsuit, citing unconstitutional.
Maybe Congress should stop insurance coverage on viagra and implants. I bet things would be seen in a different light very quickly.
The morals are bc loses Viagra wins.  Hyper unwanted pregnancies
He calls it tax reform... increasing child tax credit... lol
Birth Control Is Rather Cheap Compared to Childbirth And Insurance Companies Know This Best...
Women with blood disorders like anemia/hemophilia will die unless they have constant blood transfusions due to their abnormal menstrual flow
Disgusting.  An owners beliefs should not be forced on his workers
Women shouldn't rely on their bosses for contraception.
Time for impeachment!  What is taking so long? You know what Mama always said "I can SHOW you better than I can tell you"! Time for showing!
My boss should hv no info on let alone role in my bc. This is outrageous!
Why on earth is it anyones business, but the 2 people having sex, whether they use contraceptives.
No less frightening then the election of DHT. Consider running again Senator. We need  level- headed leadership.
We need to separate health care from one's job. My boss doesn't need to know my personal health info.
Love the fetus, hate the child, brought to you by your GOP
Last I checked contraceptives are cheap.  I think we can focus on real issue's like the crime in our big cities run by democrats..
As a woman I feel as though We’re being repressed. We have fought to long & too hard to go back to the 1800s.
Trump serves corporate interests not the people.
Tie cutting contraceptive coverage to cutting insurance coverage for viagra.
And what about the pills fir the men's ED?
Good news for the Little Sister of the Poor. Not that you give a darn.
TxU. A person's rt 2 make their own repro health choices is an economic justice issue. Pls support my right to choice. Fr a Virginian.
It's. 30. Cents. A. Day.
Creeping Marxism is the exact opposite of “progress”. #tcot
Why should they?
Show it to me in writing from the GOP
Hey here’s a thought get a job and buy your own damn condoms. I shouldn’t be subsidizing your sex life!!’
Trump and the GOP are destroying our democracy
Think about how this unfolds during a search- women now have to be qualified AND make “moral” health care decisions or pay more.
Reversal of progress is all the past 8 mnths has given us. I jst wnt to wake up and have everything bck 2 normal. How much more can we take?
Handmaids Tale
I might be wrong but please correct me and im sure u gals will but don't certain places give this free might not be ur doctor but still free
Why is our healthcare in th hands or our employers?????
Why dont we give everyone what they want for free then nobody has to work I'M A GENIUS
It is commonly prescribed for women with PCOS, a disease little studied and still with many unknowns.
Don't want to get pregnant, don't have sex.  A woman's responsibility, not mine. #Iwon'tpay
I'm glad I don't have to worry about that any more, I just hope my daughter continues to have a job where she doesn't have to worry abt. it
All RIGHTS should be applied EQUALLY. Of course this is a foreign concept to Progs and idiots. Employers beliefs matter, too.
head
Stop infantilizing women. We are much better than how you clearly see us.
The Republicans in Congress are taking us back 100 years. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
It is in country's best interests to havd more babies.
Sorry but if you can't afford birth control, which is literally next to nothing per month, probably can't afford to be intimate, just saying
Regressing is what going in USA.
Progress that only existed by Presidential  fiat that is not not a few years old.
How much does a rubber or the morning after pill cost Tim? If you can’t afford it, keep your panties on. Your boss isn’t responsible.
Calm before the storm, now this. I am so concerned for my daughter & grand daughter. Another step back for equality.
The whole regime seems to be focused on taking our power away.
Maybe you should go repent?
@ariariale hard to believe we r moving backwards with presidente loco, will we be able to keep our right to vote??
Trump has reversed everything good and progressive.  Can't wait to give him the boot out of office!
Seriously? Start with Melania! This is progress reversed. Sickening.
@timkaine If you are not going to be Catholic, at least you could be American.
Dude, you ran with Hillary...isn’t that embarrassing enough? Now you open your mouth and Hillarylike statements come out. Go away please!
Senator, will insurance stop covering viagra, too?
Every bit of progress that has been made over the last 50 years has been reversed. Soon, we will be a third world country.DO SOMETHING!!
If leftists have their way, your right. We will be Venezuela in no time. Nothing’s free.
How I wish it was rightfully you and Hillary in the WH. What a much better place the world would be!
This is just another way to control women
you can buy it at the drugstore.  Hardly progress for me to be forced to pay for contraception.
Spoken by a good Catholic who goes to St. Michael's, I'm sure. Choice is Freedom & Freedom is choice. Then, pay 4 your own birth control.
WOMEN SHOULD NOT LIVE IN FEAR, THEY SHOULD HAVE A GOOD JOB AND PAY FOR THEIR OWN BIRTH CONTROL. DO THE MOST IMPORTANT JOB RAISE A FAMILY .
Explain why my mother has to pay for contraception under Obama care, even though she had a hysterectomy over 10 years ago.
Fear?
I hope all 55 million women are registered to vote
get a vasectomy, use a condome, don't have sex, buy your birth control with your own money...you act like employer is only way to get bc
How about viagra? I'm sure that's still covered. How much more misogynistic can you get, @realDonaldTrump ?
Erectile dysfunction medicine is being banned too right?
No contraceptives, but no abortions. "Make good choices" is one quote I heard.
Well, then they'll lose a lot of employees to maternity leave
Yes.  Now do something about it!
@NPR and you're going to fight to put it back in legislation somewhere, right?
Um it's called TAKING RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOURSELVES!!!
The war on women is real. Soon they will take steps to end sexual harrassment laws if the haven’t already.
Do something to stop the "decree."  When did America turn into a monarchy where it is government by decree? I mean today not in six months.
Family issue.
A boss shouldn't control an employee's health care decisions. Health insurance shouldn't be tied to employment
My question is: How many children do these people plan to adopt that oppose birth control?  They should have to adopt one child per year.
There's going to be a lot of women voting in the next election...
For God Sake what is wrong with this people Oh! I know those efforts are to push the White girls to have babies afraid to be minorities
What a Narrow mentality! But is understandable look at DT 
We get to live in "fear" before we go to sleep because Trump666 says shit like "calm before the storm." #TrumpistheBeast666 #MORONpresser
Why should my boss pay for my contraceptives? That's nuts!
Tim we are so sad
So we should all pay for their responsibility,  or for the child afterwards? How about giving up a couple of Starbucks and pay for their own
Wear a condom, Tim!
And why would they want to do that?
Like Little Sisters of the Poor?
In what universe is it employer's responsibility to pay 4 contraceptives?  Boss pays his/her salary.  Employee should choose how to spend it
In the "who's is bigger" contest...45 or 44.. The woman's is BIGGER you DUMBF&^$...
This is a nightmare. Women are not second hand citizens and deserve to control their own healthcare.
It’s not a good time to be a woman in the US. Our uteruses are regulated more than guns.
What will it take to remove the clown in the White House? America needs a hero!
Yes!
Start a new lawsuit Against Little Sisters of the Poor.

Nuns MUST buy Birth Control because the Government is all!

What? 
Wrong how?
Time to cut viagra
“Reversal of progress” is @realDonaldTrump agenda. Soon we will be living in 1940.
If they refuse contraceptive coverage, let them also deny Viagara.
What about your buddy Harvey Weinstein? Should women be afrid of him?
I’m very serious when I say that this is coming close to being a “last straw” before I start using a word I don’t like to use “hate.”
I never like to say I hate someone... but I cannot recall a President in my lifetime (D or R) that I have so disliked as this one!
Senator, I thought you proclaim yourself to be Catholic?  Your words and deeds contradict your statements.  Abolish Abortion!
Minnesota Tim is no Catholic. He’s a sham.
Your not Kidding next any woman will be there n jail for have my birth control we are not going backwards
Please continue to fight for us
They should stop coverage of Viagra
It seems that trump wants 2 erase everything that Pres. Obama did not because it's better 4 the country but because of his rascisim.
Women will just have to practice Safe Sex by telling men to go F**k themselves....
#HandsOffMyBC
And if they were using BC for cramps & hormone control, they'll probably find relief in exercising their 2nd Amendment rights. #HandsOffMyBC
But he's going after abortion . . .@realDonaldTrump
