Not the first ferry you've taken for a ride, huh Timmy ? How's the domestic terrorist son of yours doing ?

You should probably take the boat to Russia or China. Their politics and more to your liking
Hope he uncovered some Russians
Looks like 1 more in the audience than your last rally and captive audience at that. No really, you're an Anti-American globalist
We don't care about your ferry ride!
Take your POS #antifa son and move to #Germany
nobody cares kaine
Sir. Your son is a member of a group who burns American Flags, and attacks law abiding citizens for thinking differently. Retire Now.
No terrorist attacks planned in Tangier for today? Damn...


Haven't heard you condemn this yet. But we know you are a family man with tolerance to violence and hate.
Is your son still in jail or back to setting vehicles on fire?
Why do you look so happy? Your son is going to jail!
Taking your son w you?  Oh is he still in jail?  MAGA MAGA
"Hi, I'm Tim. I don't believe in individual freedoms. I work for the illuminati. I'm important. America sucks."
Is that where your hoodlum son is housed?
Aww why not go to a rally? Scared?
Please go to plum island and touch a vial
Did your son get arrested AGAIN????
ENJOY!WE NEED U TO KEEP FIGHTING ! 
FIGHTING FOR WHAT EXACTLY? He doesn't care about you, WAKE UP @myhuntjoy?
Did you really respect hrc?
Too late Timmy - Trump already agreed to save the island from erosion.
Hope you only get partially mauled and eaten by cannibals.
I'm assuming your son is in Boston today with the rest of Antifa.
Riveting
Look at his  , I'm a regular Joe pose ,,,, looks like an ambulance chaser billboard
Democrat Party is FINISHED! All the lies are exposed. Your future Island trip will be to Rikers Island for your booking for Treachery!
Is that ferry solar powered.? If not you're mentor @algore is going to be  mad ..  By the way how's your #Antifa son doing?
Don't fall in...really...couldn't mean it more...don't fall in and get torn up by the propeller...that would be god aweful for the propeller
How about the poor diver who has to put new zincs on the prop shaft collar , have some compassion man
Patriots pray for you...to be arrested for sedition & inciting to riot, at the very least.
And why should we give a damn?
Thought you may be going to Boston for the Antifa rally with your son!
Nah! Timmy just funds the boy's activities. Actually going would mean actually having to mix and mingle with actual  people, can't risk that
Hopefully that ferry will sink with just you on it
Kaine knows - enough about trump, let's focus on America and Americans! Kaine 2020!
Great meeting you today!
I have family in Reedville!
#MAGA!
Working vacation?  Stay for the seafood, especilly the crab cakes.
ONLY ONE DAY? WHY DON' YOU TAKE A PERMANENT VACATION? BEST THING FOR AMERICA.
Please stay there away from politics where you hurt Americans
Look for a spot to put those civil war statues to use for artificial reefs. Whoever wants to see them dive in...= )
I didn't think liberals were permitted on the island
Timmy, Tangier is pure Trump Country. I believe he got 80% of the vote there. Listen while there - you may learn something.
Stay there
You're bubble of ignorance is surely why your son is acting out.  You need to listen the whole truth.
Sad little man
Nice!! Still on my wish list.  Thank you for your service to our state. 
Its always the ones that look like dudes...
Good for you 
#whogivesafuck
@timkaine listen to this for example:
@timkaine You are not seeing the whole picture.  I believe you are in a bubble and can't see it.  Be humble If you're truly against violence
@timkaine I have just got to say a little more here:  Please listen.  See next tweet.
What happened to Russia Gate ?

Why don't you just go on up to Maryland and get off there, And Stay
Stay there!
Lol
I really wish that Tim Kaine was my VP
Bring your waders and make sure you enlightened them abt climate change. I'm sad that the island and their way of living may go under.
Talk to the mayor about climate change.
I'm praying for you
Relax Tim don't worry obamacare is fine we don't need tax cuts for job creation north korea can wait you deserve to relax
i wish he was the VP
Lmao
Do you have your harmonica with you Senator Kaine? 
Wait you're going to Tangier Morocco? #tangier #morocco lol
I'm just messing w/ you enjoy your day :)
Stay safe
Enjoy!one of my fav in addition to Chincoteagueisland!
Keep an eye on that violent #Antifa boy of yours. You don't want him hurting anybody or depriving people of their first amendment rights.
Get the clams the are killer
On your way back why don't you take a ride up Eastern shore to Chincoteague
Have fun, Senator! Two of my favorite places!
