Trump: Democrats wouldn't even support "the greatest bill in the history of the world on health care" http://politi.co/2rbjlAN  via @JakeLahut 
You can afford it But like most Americans we can't So before you shove a failed system down our throats U should B mindful of the victims
Some people need it But to punish the people who don't is called robbery & we put people in prison for doing the same exact thing
How can they when they are not allowed to help craft it, read it, or debate it?  Where is your brain.  Worst bill ever!!!
We have to pass it to know what's in it!! That was a quote from your sister
Our prisons are full of people who take other people's money But you feel as if its legal because you passed a law that say you can
That's coming from the "greatest" bs'er ever in office. @POTUS  DT just resign
When you have money it's easy to say we have to keep it But when our healthcare costs more than our mortgage that is just wrong
The rich don't need insurance...they just pay for it out of pocket.
Worse off if you get sick in another state doctors won't accept your insurance So what's that say about ponzicare?
ponzicare is based off of Bernie Madoff's playbook & he went to prison for doing exactly the same thing The difference is U get away with it
At least he's doing something to yer nothing. Rite !
or we'll #ShowYouTheDoor!
How can his base continue to support this maniac after he lies to all of us on a daily basis???
Ummmm democrats didn't know what was in Obamacare before voting it in. "We have to pass the bill to see what's in it." said Pelosi. Dem lies
Then show us the Bill
Ummmm democrats didn't know what was in Obamacare before voting it in. "We have to pass the bill to see what's in it." said Pelosi.
How is this even possible? How can you vote on something you haven't seen?
Ummmm democrats didn't know what was in Obamacare before voting it in. "We have to pass the bill to see what's in it." said Pelosi.
Obamacare is dead ACA belongs to the Dems
Tim they're not going to show U the bill because u would be out raged they're going to do the 50 with the Vice President I think , jamming !
I believe that too. What happened to working together. Trump thinks he's the king. Write a bill that is fair and equitable
This year her policy alone costs us $750 per month & we still got charged a credit of $161 That's robbery when you don't have that
He doesn't have it; he hasn't read it; he won't show it.  He's illiterate & has no clue what's in it.  He fears you will ask a question.
Ummmm democrats didn't know what was in Obamacare before voting it in. "We have to pass the bill to see what's in it." said Pelosi.
We are victims You passed a law that says we have to hand over our money or we get punished Why are we locking up people 4 the same thing?
You can't pick my auto insurance company I can get it from any state & it costs me $91 dollars a month for it
I can absolutely guarantee that if Americans had a choice more than half would drop out because they can't afford to get sick
Saying we need to keep a system that costs Americans so much money should be illegal We should have the choice without being punished
Apparently not enough people would lose their coverage for the GOP's taste.  They're going for maximum casualties now.
He also said if you like your doctor you can...wait a minute, he didn't say that.
Put this man in a straight-jacket and take him where he needs to go.  Trump is extremely dangerous to the lives of Americans.
Any trump voters out there with pre-existing conditions in your family? what will you do when you can't buy insurance any longer?
The same thing I'm gonna do when obuma care xplodes.
Which it what?     ACA would work better if the GOP wasn't sabotaging it. Not perfect but with bi-partisan work, the ACA could be improved.
@realDonaldTrump doesn't know, and doesn't care, what is in the bill. He will say what he always says, and ignore the facts.
Ummmm democrats didn't know what was in Obamacare before voting it in. "We have to pass the bill to see what's in it." said Pelosi.
Thanks Trump!  Because of you I am a democrat!
Good ! Because of Trump I'm a Republican.
45  #ShowUsTheBill
They will when obuma care xplodes
When we signed up for ponzicare we were told we didn't qualify It started out at $648 per month We got charged a $151 credit
Do you actually know how much ponzicare cost Americans? My wife's policy was raised to $750 per month & we still get charged a credit
Like you showed the bill for Obamacare? "We have to pass it to find out what is in it." said Pelosi.
@GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr You will not including All Fed ElectedLegislators in development of Healthcare.And you claim Transparency?
Lead by example and set up public hearings. Democracy needs transparency
Now Timmy @NancyPelosi says you need to pass the bill to find out what is in it
@politico @JakeLahut Don't we already have a healthcare law that does this?
If I like your Dr u can keep your Dr.
Senator,
What is your official position on the healthcare bill?
@MarkWarner said, "hell no", which was awesome by the way!
#ProtectOurCare
Tired of the self addilations from you and your puppet cabinet. Truth is you have done nothing except continue to be dogged by investigation
Please resign with the rest of your corrupt administration
Where were you when this horrible bill originally was passed "You have to read pass the bill to find out what's in it".  Height of Hypocrisy
#ShowUsTheBill Exactly what we said as Democrats shoved #ObamaCare down our throats in the dead of night. But Nancy said no.
Hypocrite.
Fearless leader and his cheerleaders.  They all look like they need ex-lax to get through that meeting.  All hail, all hail!
Where were YOU when we lost our doctors and coverages?  Freakin hypocrite.
Yes!  THIS
Not if they couldn't view it first. It would would be like working for you Trump and never being paid
Your going to lose your heath insurance that the Taxpayers are giving you. It's our money you work for us don't forget! We're coming 4 u!!
$2,200 a month for my wife and I plus $15,600 deductible shitty coverage what will say to that??? Come on tough guy explain that?? Why $$
Trump is lying he can't read
Excuse me, Mr. President, but get real!
Why should he Timmy. Nancy says you have to pass it first...   remember
@lajacks13 #Trump/Ryan health killer bill will not fly even w/his base. Enough lies.
Yes let Obamacare fail! Fine with me It was set up.to fail.
Obama:  keep your doctor. Premiums will stay the same. #kissmyasstimkaine #democraticfucktards
You have to pass the bill to see what's in it
"THE GREATEST BILL IN THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD ON HEALTH CARE" makes you personally responsible for the effects&affects of this bill. TRUMP
He lied.
Well we know he lies all the time. He's so arrogant in his lies he doesn't even try to disguise them.
Like democrats did with ObamaCare, hypocrite
Can you imagine ANY of our real presidents making a statement like that HELL NO
I missed hillary and your policy if u could please help republicans we don't want to lose ins for 30 million and how many die
Obama care failed, grow up and work with the republicans to find a solution.
You mean like the republicans worked with the democrats for 8 years?? 
Dems didn't READ the old law! Unless you admit that clause " no part of this law can be changed" wasn't a "typo". Changed aka amended/fixed
Yes we would. I'd support medicare for all.
Because it is crap
They did @realDonaldTrump; you and repugnant GOP is killing it due its name
@politico @JakeLahut Mr kaine Obama care would cost me 882.45 a month with preexisting conditions lost my coal job can't afford it
And I have a bridge for sale in Brooklyn 
trump is a dangerous, delusional fool, will the senate stand up to him?
Praying that none of you,  republican or Democrat support this horrendous healthcare proposal
First, there is no one greatest bill.  Trump's ego is way to big and he can't take responsibility for his dumb actions
Is there a vomit emoji?
This bill must be STOPPED by any means available! #AHCA #CorruptGOP #TrumpLiesMatter #DonTheCon #FuckTrump #GOPHypocrisy #Resist
Oh sure, no one would lose coverage. We'll see when my family no longer has #Healthcare
STFU Kaine. #RIP #NEANDERTHALS
it's not and he is just using his big lie
#ShowUsTheBill
Is this even legal? What about #transparency in #government?
The R's would know how to come up with the greatest bill. Will throw ppl under the bus.
Amen!
@politico @JakeLahut You gotta pass it to see what's in it?
"The greatest bill" in the history of the  world??  Well I would like to see that. I think we all would. Show. Us. The. Money.
Medicare for all would be the greatest bill for health care.
Not with Medicare's co-pay for the 1st night in hospital. No Medigap in Virginia til age 65. I was fully disabled at 45. The rest is great!
There is no co-pay with Medicare. Part B covers hospitals. It covers 80 % of what Medicare pays the hospital. And that's payment in full.
You obviously ignore the bills you get for the 20% unpaid !

MAGA 
Just as you backed a bill nobody read?
@politico @JakeLahut two words: I CONCUR!!!!!
The middle of the country are watching you Dems to see if you help with the health care bill. We know you Democrats put us here w/Obamacare.
#ShowUsTheBill please. 
Will you be the one to stand up and engage or will you armchair QB this one?
Senator Kaine you are correct but sadly Trump only hears what he wants to hear and thinks he is the one who matters not the American people
Please use every possible means and method to stop this bill! We have to be all-in right now. #SaveOurCare
ACH must be repealed and replaced. Terrible healthcare and is failing.
@politico use every procedural means to grind this to a screeching halt, Senator
Everyone knows Mr. Salesman hasn't read the bill its not done yet.Even GOP faithful haven't seen it, let alone GOP-come-lately Monty Hall
@realDonaldTrump #POTUS, liar, liar pants on fire.

Can't the same be said about Obamacare??
https://twitter.com/HybridVigorUS/status/873984547339292672 …

Can someone please explain the #AHCA bill to @karenhandel? #healthcare #GA06 #Flipthe6th 
um.. right. 
"If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor"
"Your premiums won't go up"
