U and clinton should start to worry about your golden years and what steel bars you will be behind, or maybe just try telling the truth once
It's like robbing a bank and complaining that the arriving cop cars make too much noise.
Its still the obama/clinton mess that is in the way. I know its hard fir career politicians to tell the truth,  BUT try it once, its awesome
How often do you hear an FBI director Flatley state that "the president lied"? Answer: never before.
No. it's Obama leaving Chicago politics practices behind to make sure America looses. You part of corruption
Just like Hillary needs to accept responsibility for losing the election??? Like that????
The same cloud of corruption that YOU operate under Mr. Kaine.  The hypocrisy is sickening
The only cloud here is from Tim Kaine blowing smoke up lib arses.
What Jim say Senator?
You are so right @timkaine  There is no way that Trump and his Team can or should be Trusted !!
When are the Democrats going to do something about it?
I would suggest 4 ur own good 2 take care of ur personal problems my Pres has no clouds but ur party is a cloud over Pres
Since before election Russia story was exaggerated by MSM. Trump hasn't one ounce of praise from Dems. Not even for Family Leave in budget.

A good cloud burst can wash away the filth from the streets.
Yes, it's like blaming an umbrella for the rain.
Only if it is leaking
22308, you might want to remind #GOP reps that everyone is watching and the electorate is not stupid and above all apathetic anymore! #2018
Every one of their actions is self-inflicted. The President's penchant for self destruction has caused this.
It about to rain on your parade
They didn't bring in the damned cloud Timmy, Democrats created it when Hillary lost. He's an outsider, U don't want him in office, SWAMP!!!!
You live in a #cloud. #creepy #marionette  #politicalhack #obstructionist
Bull...you and your Dem friends still won't accept defeat!
You should never build your own cloud
All you are about is to plant the seed of doubt in the mind of the Americans who voted for Trump. @timkaine or aka liarliaryeronfire.liar
Sorry, the investigation IS the CLOUD you generated to hide your involvement in the Democratic Primary Election Fraud.  We will get you.
right
YES!!
After all didn't Hillary say to call it a matter an not an investigation. Hillary an you would have been hell in the White House
The only cloud there is , is the one coming out of yer mouth. Yer a liar. You an Clinton.
I agree!
One is a liar who has brought our enemies to the gate and the other is a fired FBI Director. 2018 is coming Comrades
Cloud?
Indeed.
No evidence whatsoever, just you lying to try and get some votes.
How many times can Comey say "I could be wrong". That must really be frustrating for you and your lynch mob Timmy.
...& How... ...sad day 4 the World...more than we know... ...
What about the cloud of your running mate's husband meeting on the tarmac with Loretta Lynch???  Not to mention all the other clouds around
What investigation? Stop perpetuating falsehood. Comey is debunking your narrative.
J. Comey is honest & doing his best trying to answering all question directing 4 him to explained at this moment...
Sen. Kaine, I'm watching this Comey testifies live.  More like Comey is in ocean w sharks...
Still waiting to see the questions on WIKILEAKS Leaker SETH RICH who was murdered shortly after leaks came out.
Coming from an man who's a snake in the grass #Tim kaine! Lol.
No its the dumb Democrats that can't ecept their loss so get over it stupid
You lost. Get over it and get back to the work that needs to be done to improve Virginia.
Watching #ComeyTestimony like..
James Comey screwed you and HRC and AG Lynn over with his comments
Agreed. They are responsible for their own mess.
Broad misleading statement. Liberals usually have mo facts so are you different? Give any details and I will listen till then fuxk off
Communist Democrats are the cloud in America not President Trump
Back to him.
It - Trump fired him for one reason because of his ties with Russia and would not drop the investigation because it would eventually come
who are you?? Oh that side kick elf to Hillary..
I think it's pretty clear to me as an American citizen that Director Comney was unjustifiably fired- what is the committee going to do about
Well said Senator
I like the President al least he is doing his job Not like the DEMS that do nothing but complain
No. Its Obama, the Dems, and the deep state, fabricating.
Well we will see WHAT ELSE you LIARS wanna SLING at the POTUS next! @JamesComeyFBI just BLEW UP ur LIES!
What do you that is productive?
You going to cry after this is over. You and the minions at @DNC
The RU investigation is not a cloud; cloud is a false allegation that DT colluded w/ RU,  a vicious partisan defamatory slur #comeyday
How can u say INVESTIGATION??? Isn't it a MATTER??? At least that's what @Loretta told @JamesComeyFBI to call it!!! That's NOT OBSTRUCTION?
Fact Is @HillaryClinton Was under INVESTIGATION! Not the POTUS! Only OBSTRUCTION when The POTUS says it , RIGHT? @AGLynch OBSTRUCTED Justice
it's always easier to point fingers and blame instead of owning up and taking responsibility
Their own cloud AND their own SWAMP.
Kaine the cloud is u and DEMS very simple!
Yea let's talk about the Clintons that's really dirty stuff,
Cloud ? Maybe you can get your son to run in there with his NINJA outfit..  lol ??  You bail him out yet??
Such as...using intelligence agencies to spy on Americans, exposing classified to hackers, destroying evidence, weaponizing the IRS, that?
Comey confirmed Trump not under investigation & never obstructed.  The "cloud" of "Muh Russia" is all on you and the treasonous left.
Maybe a cloud but Kaine and HitLiary would be a hurricane or worse
Haha, dude. Sore loser too?
Hey Tim, is your son still in jail?
No you guys started the whole thing way back when Trump was commenting Putin early in campaign.
Can't believe you almost became vice-president. Scary.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
Action is not observation Timmy. Ya mean "with a cloth"?
demoncrat
And what a cloudy day it is!
Tim Youre a Joker and a liar. #AmericaFirst
Latter, yes. Former, no.
Comey just said no one asked him to end the investigation HAHAHAHAHA
YOU LOSE HAHAHAHAHA
I don't agree with you, but you have a cute twitter handle.
