Is telling other people what they've done wrong, but not working to fix it acceptable?
Nothing to protect. We willingly handover our info through terms and conditions, social media, credit applications, school apps, leases....
Trusting every individual we allow to review, qualify, or deny us. That paperwork is passed through many hands /channels.
Yeah maybe not give them multi-million-dollar non-compete contracts? Just a thought.
Now that is something we can all get behind Tim. No lip service. Your next job is to tell everyone exactly what their solutions are.
What about the Federal Employee breach a few years Ago? We were told "SOL"! You're a hypocrite!!
And they they hire Equifax to partner/IRS ?

Thank you, Senator!  Please help us figure out what we as consumers should do.
Senator, it is unacceptable that the IRS just signed a multi million $ contract for Equifax for security. NOT ACCEPTABLE
There need to be very stiff penalties paid directly to each person whose data was compromised
you should include @irs @IRStaxpros in the conversation
#CFPB https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki  Consumer_Financial_Protection_Bureau is being reconsidered as Dodd-Frank is removed #FTC is also WH controlled
And while you're at it, please do something about that no-bid IRS contract, eh? Disgraceful!
What's up with this?
And maybe find out why, after such a massive breach, they're given a noncompetitive IRS contract?
Since when has any cabinet member or agency had to perform up to any standard? They all do exactly as they please, with no repercussions.
This is a great first step - Thank You- but what about consequences for Equifax leaders that benefitted from stock manipulation ?
What about that IRS no bid contract they just got??
Equifax contract w/IRS? Good f'g luck w that. Nobody chosen by this admin has to answer to ANYONE for their behavior, ethics OR competence.
How about eliminating the whole credit score game?
That would be against the interests of business. Not going to happen in this political climate
I think it was the Russians
It’s sad when I have better protection on my Apple email than my credit report.
Data is their stock in trade. They have an obligation to safeguard it.
Waiting on your answer....
They should be obsolete!
Wow  Timmy, ur finally doing something that makes sense! This should be headline news!
You REALLY wanna DO something? Make Equifax give EVERY person compromised the Top level Life Lock service for 15 yrs! Not 2 yrs, but 15-20!
IRS hired them
I’d like a new SSN, can’t change moms maiden name or where I graduated so seems like best option to me!
How about you ask HOW they just got a multimillion $$ contract from the IRS for cybersecurity????
You do know that a SUPPRESSOR  can still be heard and the muzzle flash seen right? I mean I'm just assuming you're that intelligent.
And why is the Federal govt awarding them with a contract for IRS fraud?
How about not giving #equifaxbreach the IRS contact?
adding: so He can find the loopholes that give him an inside edge to make a buck.
Unacceptable. A threat. Time consuming. Costly.
Yahoo also had a major breach. What in the heavens is going on?
Every one of my family members were effected by this breach. Unacceptable
And while you are at it ask the SEC if they are going to let the CFO and 2 VPs get away with dumping shares a day b4 it was announced.
Senator we are meeting with your staff on fraud and identity theft on the 18th! We'd love for you to join us! 2pm!!
Sick of white collar crimes sliding and getting little to no jail time
This: http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/03/equifax-irs-fraud-protection-contract-243419 …
Wow.  That will fix it.
Maybe it time to shut them down... #TrumpIsAMoron @maddow @BBCWorld @washingtonpost
Or they could begin by telling the individual that knew about the software problem to do his job and fix it no one knew how large the breach
Would end up being with over a hundred and forty six million people being hacked. Apparently the email sent out to fix the problem did not
Get to the right desk.
Collusion between DEM Pres. Campaign & CNN is unacceptable, what have you done about that! Remain two face as usual? MAGA!
That's really not a thing
Goats are good to eat! MAGA!
I wouldn't know
We aren't customers. They collect info without consent, i don't pay them and they don't respond to "customer" needs.
Lock them up! Especially the ingrates who shorted stock
Why is the government hiring them for security?
You should be asking why the IRS is giving Equifax a contract for security and refusing to appropriate money for it or get it cancelled.
Let's start with not granting IRS contracts!
What they are doing is allowing the IRS a 5.45 Million dollar no-bid contract, is what their doing. 

Senator.
@timkaine and not spend our money bailing out #Equifax please
Please don't let them get away with this. If they cannot adjust to modern forms of keeping data maybe should just go to other businesses...
And please ask the IRS why they gave a no-bid contract to equifax. #equifaxbreach
FTC will take some bribes like most of our senate, maybe some watered down bill that doesnt change much gets passed. Nothing ever changes.
Right, since WE HAVE NO CHOICE but to "trust" them with our information, do we?
I cannot believe it. How they had not encrypt data? Even AshMadison had done it. Should credit firm be less secure than cheating firm?
Why isnt this a jailable offense. This is wrong and needs to b prosecuted
And tell the NSA the S stands for Security not Surveillance.
Tell the NSA to do its job instead of spying on Americans.
Make us all safer.
Hiring them for the IRS contract sure isn’t going to help.
@timkaine will you please look into the no-bid contract just given to #Equifax ?? This cannot happen under the circumstances!!
But the IRS just awarded Equifax a juicy no-bid contract. WTH?
Not letting the IRS give them no-bid contracts would be a start.
