#TrumpCare bill & proposed budget cuts slash #Medicaid by $1.3 trillion. This deeply frightens Virginians I've heard from
Cutting Medicaid jeopardizes the ability of people to live with independence and dignity. We will not stand for this
We can improve health care if we work together. Let the committees discuss a bill & hear from patients and providers #ShowUsTheBill
One word. Shut the eff up & let them do their job. Stop obstructing!
GOP learned that trick from u and the Dems Senator! Why would GOP let u demagogue it !?
Make up your mind, Senator. Either you haven't seen the bill, or you know who it hurts. Which is it? #StupidPoliticalHyperbole
Thanks for fighting for us!
how?  If you haven't seen the plan, how do you know.
Senator,O'BummerCare is a failure.Repeal is best,RepCare will also fail.
 Validate your 2nd Amendment Rights.   Carry
Really should read ur own tweets..how can u say who the bill will hurt if you havent seen the bill...and u call GOP fear mongers
If you haven't seen it how do u know who it hurts 
How do you know who it hurts if you haven't seen it?
How do you know who it would hurt if you haven't seen it? 
How do you know who it hurts if you haven't seen it???
If you haven't seen it, how do you know who it hurts...psychic?
This, coming from someone who thought the Original Obamacare, Iran deal, and running the most failed election campaign ever was a good idea
I think ACA has lots of issues but can be fixed. GOP won't due it. If Congress had to get whatever the citizens get. Betcha they'd fix it!
If You "don't know what's in it" how do you know who it will hurt?
Please keep pressing!
So you haven't seen it but know what's in it? How do you still have a job?
If nobody's seen the bill how do you know who it hurts?
who should we trust? Niether possibly bt i wnt trust anyone lke u tht alrdy was way off & knowngly lied abt obamacare. U dont get 2 lecture
DeMS said we could keep Dr. And plan.wrong..said cheaper..wrong..said better care wrong.said GOP forcasts were lying fear mongers..wrong agn
The ACA was a  DEM only bill that is now failing as it was designed to do! So, complain one more time about being left out! #HealthcareBill
How do you know, since you haven't seen the bill.
Does anyone besides self care ???
If you haven't seen the bill, how do you know it would hurt seniors, children and people with disabilities?
Stab in the Heart- Bernie. Sanders.  Signalling for more violence?
If you haven't seen the bill how do you know who and how it will impact. Stop using generic talking points.

All people/groups making money off the status quo.
If the ACA is so good, why did it pass the house as a military housing tax credit just to be ripped up by Reid and replaced w/ ACA? #LieMuch
GOP said we wont be able to keep Dr. Or plan..they were right. They said costs go way up..right again..they said death spiral wd occur.right
If you havent seen, you presume like usual the Republican bill will be bad. Dont you have a felon son to go bail out of jail or something?
If u haven't seen the bill, how do u know it adversely affects Americans? Dems are worried they will be rightly blamed 4 '18 rate increases

So I guess America's business community and the millions of Americans who have been adversely affected by #Obamacare don't count?
Curious, how do you know it hurts anyone if you haven't seen it?
Like christmas eve?
i thought democrats passed bills so they could find out what was in them.  vote yes to #AHCA
Thank you Tim Kaine , and btw all parties in this family want #Kaine2020
You like little girls and boys you're on the FBI list bad people sick people pedophiles
"You'll have to pass it to see what's in it," Timmie.
It is your bill by obama that cost more and more amd leaves vets hurrinf and neglected,  #tell the truth. Just once, or stop talking
I am a disabled vet and have been getting crapy care for the past 3 years under obama neglected daily, so explain how it could get worse
Thank you @timkaine.
Thank you!
No more taxpayer funded subsidies. Focus on reducing premiums.
Good to stop government tyranny through healthcare. Bad to call for violence in streets @MSNBC 02/01/2017.
Thank you Sen. Kaine!
you have continued to be devise in you retort.  You continue to promote anarchy instead in unity.
Thank you so much for standing with the people! Good job sir!
Oh so you habe seen it? Or is this just more fake news?
How do you know it will hurt groups of people if you haven't seen it yet?
Pls keep working for the disabled citizens.
How many Veterans died waiting for medical attention during Obama's terms? You didn't care them. Stop acting like you do now.
How would you know if you haven't seen the bill? You & Dems have done nothing but resist participating in the process!
Thank you Senator! I'm so grateful to have you representing me. My small business wouldn't exist without ACA!
Thank you so much for speaking out on behalf of your constituents who need Medicare and care for those of us with disabilities. Love you!!
Propaganda.
Thank you @timkaine for all you do!
Thank you. Thanks to your good colleagues.
Thank you!
Trump troll!
Cry a river Kaine... it will do no good.. you don't have the numbers... it's called Karma... get used to it. #HoldTheFloor all u want
Why hate America? Putin controls Trump and the GOP. When did they turn you RED? Are they blackmailing you?
Please keep fighting for us!!
I have a child with a disability.  Thank you.
And we all know Republicans want to euthanize VA  seniors, children, and people with disabilities right?  Another self serving hypocrite.
Hey are you a Virginia citizen? If so what can we do to get Virginia thoroughbred racing on top again?Letting Colonial Downs go was mistake?
No, I'm at large in So. Cal.  Having Horse Racing in it's current form is a hopeless endeavor.
Thanks for replying.I live in NC,but supported Virginia racing at Colonial Downs.Miss it terribly however I travel to Maryland to see races.
Go back to the floor demand for the ppl @washingtonpost @SenWarren @BostonGlobe @BernieSanders @CoryBooker @SenFranken @nytimes @latimes
Do everything you can plz senator! The gloves must come off.
crazy and seems unjust!! My daughter w autism will suffer along w/millions.What in th world is going on?!@SenateGOP UR hurting us!
I hope all of U Democrats can help us, the average citizen!  Some people will die early if they pass their NIGHTMARE  HeathCare!  Thank you!
That's the way Tim. We need to see the bill and you need to not let it pass unless it's good for the people.
Can you tell the @GOP I have a plan that guarantees their re-election? They can't see it until you can see the Healthcare bill, though.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you.
Thank you Senator
Thank you!! 
More liberal lies from Timmy. What an embarrassment for VA.
Sorry not an embarrassment. But someone who actually cared about his people when he was governor.
You just refuse to tell the truth to everyone the Ocare has collapsed and you're lying about seniors and children.Damn man have you no shame
Another Trump troll who knows nothing of what he's saying
And you're another Trump hater that doesn't want to hear the truth and just wants to spew lies.
#ShowUsTheBill #HoldTheFloor
Thank you @timkaine & @MarkWarnerVA (@MarkWarner) for continuing the fight against the ACA repeal. It will hurt so many Americans. God bless
Thank you sir!
Thank you for fighting for us #HoldTheFloor #SavetheACA #ProtectOurCare
And our veterans. Don't forget about them. And gives a huge tax break to top 1% while hurting average, working Americans.
Standing with yoi
in few years time do the same thing. Give them the taste of their own medicine....
Why obstruct? Let them work, and if you want Dems to be involved, start by not threatening a shutdown and childishly talking to no end
They are just downright mean.
Well you're a liar
Thank you for standing up for VA seniors and kids I just don't get Trump and the GOP why are they full of hate against people ?they insist!
And how would you know that if you have not seen the bill?   Sounds like the Party who cried wolf...
Great job: Keep resisting and I will keep supporting
Re: Secrecy, Please inform the people about Congressional phone #s/ emails & other communication needed to be directed from "We the People!"
Please #HoldTheFloor! We cannot afford to compromise with people's lives.
What happened to last week's Kumbaya pledge of unity up on the Hill? Who's in a hurry to repeal & then rush to go out on vacation?
Mrs Clinton was roundly castigated for creation of a health plan in "secret". That effort was at least discussed, not imposed.
If you haven't seen the bill, then how do you know what it will do?

Thank you
HOLD FAST.
I hope efforts of D's will make a difference. Don't have much confidence that even 2R's will put country over party.
Thank you mr kaine
Thank you Senator for standing up for us!
Thank you, Senator Kaine. #HoldTheFloor #Medicaid
What can you actually do to make them show you the bill?
#NoOnTrumpedUpTrumpcare! Thank you Senator Kaine! We still love IDEA you are a great leader! I support your work from Great State of CA
Get em" Mr Kaine !
@DNC had their shot and it failed. This new bill seems like the same a giant failure.
Leave the Illuminati.
The gop is a heartless bunch of people. What if it was they're child, parent or grandparent. That's sad they will have to answer to it.
More than #Obamacare #ACA? Go back to states regulation of insurance.
Thank you Senator! It is obvious the GOP does not care about us!  #ShowUsTheBill
Thank you, @timkaine #HoldTheFloor
Thank you! However, repeal and replace is ill advised and politically motivated. No bill of its type should pass through congress.
I have a question:  when you signed OCare into effect none of you read the 2000 page bill?  Sooo.... what r u saying here?
They did read it and took over a year 2 pass it. When this bill passed GOP no one read it only took a few days. Everyone will be effected.
No actually Nancy Pelosi actually said 'we have to pass it to see what's in it'. It was rushed through. The healthcare law has not passed
Thank you. Keep fighting for us.
Thank you from all those with preexisting conditions. #ShowUsTheBill #SaveACA
Thank you!
It would be easier to list who it won't hurt
I had a kidney transplant and lost my insurance because of Obama care what about people like me kaine we are the forgotten
Russian troll who rts Trump propaganda. You can always tell.
You got that right
Thank you, sir!
Havecto pass the bill to see it. Ask Pelosi, she'll tell ya. In English not in Spanish
Thank you Sir.
This is Trumpie MAGA, joke, he's spreading hate and division. No service no taxes lies no morals and the biggest thing is no self-respect
Thank you, Senator. Unfortunately the GOP doesn't give a damn about any of the people you reference.
Thank you.  We are counting on you. #OnwardTogether
Thank you Senator! Keep fighting for us! #ShowUsTheBill #holdthefloor
Thank you Senator!
Thanks Sen Kaine #HoldTheFloor #ShowUsTheBill
Thank you for representing those who matter....The 99%.
let's c if the snakes grow a spine

Thanks! Keep up the fight for our #seniors & everyone who relies on #Medicaid
Yes!!!  #VOTEARAMA!!!
Thank you for standing up for the American people!
Thank you for standing up for all of us.
Thank you!
You guys need to be more specific.
Thank you Senator. Stop this bill!
Why didn't you demand Obama administration show us the bill b4 they ruined the lives of millions of hard working Amercan families!!! #FAKE
Those are all the groups these guys hate!
Thank you!!!!!!
Thank you for all you are doing, Senator.
Thank you! Keep fighting for the American people!
Thank you
I'm with you Mr Kaine!
