all they have to do is Fix and repair, but no, they hate anything associated with Obama erase him from history, ain't gonna happen
He will never be erased from history. He messed too many things up for that. I'm waiting for the terrorists he set free to regroup. Bad days
Presidents have way 2 much power thanks 2 the house or the Senate this Putin thing is alarming I worry about Ukraine
The people still yield the power. Our representatives are supposed to express our wishes. WE NEED TO REPLACE OUR REPRESENTATIVES. Polluted
Just like the big Ryan Secert Health care Bill this has got 2 stop this is OUR government, we the great jackass put up with It

Stop tax loopholes for the rich. End welfare to big oil
Time to get clueless senators out of the discussion:
Repeal Obamacare.
Why? Everyone needs healthcare that covers illness.
Imagine if health care became the issue that forwarded the way we do things as a country, the way we build a strong, caring country
Timmy, I've said it before and I'll say it again, you CANNOT have bipartisan efforts WHEN DEMOCRATS REFUSE TO PARTICIPATE & tell people that
None of which you had when you rammed ACA thru at 2 in the morning
Obama care does not need fixing!  It does need tweaking, that is all!
There are things that need tweaking. I hope that can happen.
Ask the big questions, begin with imagination, make a long-range plan, bring in those who know most about health/community.
Totally agree with Senator Kane!
They need to start with a cap on insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies who eat us alive
I favor fixing the ACA! I think President Obama winning 2 elections strongly means most of US favors ACA!
NO, now it is time for single payer. Don't do the usual DNC thing and back off. Go fir it!
Guess where they tried single payer and it failed? Vermont
You need scale for it to work. Too few people in Vermont, more cows than people.
They should just go with Hillary's plan.
Yeppers
I feel so happy to see Trumpcare collapsing like a deck of cards, healthcare remains a right not a privilege, humanity is saved.
Me too
It could be an example for other important complex issues such as climate change, infrastructure, clean energy, education. . . .
Think about how we can provide paths of good care for all, and build community too--what is health care's role in a dynamic society?
Texas should educate people stupid is sad
Yes, debate and development--this is a complex problem, bring in the computational experts to look at all the factors--report well.
The @GOP is not done yet trying to kill us and steal our taxes
Don't worry if #tRump accelerates his "explosion" of #ObamaCare. He'll provide something better for the survivors.
What are your plans? Please provide suggestions
Come on Tim, you know how vindictive Trump is, he is going to burn the house down now and R's won't stop him.  Buckle up everyone.
Yep our comrad  in power is gonna tear us down
#ObamaCare is NOT broken. It is working great. So great we should Expand and Improve it.  #ExpandAndImprove
You guys were the ones who broke it in the first place.  And do you have #Obamacare?  Didn't think so.
So they will repeal ACA.  Why do you mislead?
Now to get working on blocking the "repeal only" plan they have!  We're not done yet!
No work after repeal. Let Repugs own it.
YES! YES! YES!!!
We need cost regulation for the procedures Drs, hospitals and clinics charge us. Insurance Co. have to fight for lower costs, WHY? Regulate.
Obomacare has already broken health care
Good luck with that.
How about bipartisan support to impeach Trump, Pence, Ryan and McConnell?
Good news!
time for bipartisan public debate to IMPEACH TRUMP!
Let it collapse on its own and be done with it
Didn’t you already have that chance? #losers #hillarylost #raiseyourchildrenbetter
You nailed it timmy, ACA is already broken
It what should have happened all along.
Time for govt to get out of the business of providing health care.  Force down costs of pharma and treatments.  Make it so people can afford
We cannot rest yet! There is still much work to be done!
Thank you, Sen, by being a vocal opponent of BRCA, and for working so hard to preserve our democracy.  We appreciate you!
No bankruptcy for medical cost after ACA. Can't lose your home for getting cancer. Can't be denied coverage no lifetime limits are good
Yes!
DEMS, sharpen your claws & tongue & FIGHT like they do..The party of faith & family values is the "UnGodly party of Selfishness & Greed!
Fix, do not repeal!
Time for full repeal.
Public meetings. Let them hear from the people who will be harmed by their agenda. We have faces, flesh and blood. We are not invisible.
Now the @GOP is saying it's just going to go for repeal with NO replacement. How is that possible?!?!
Send out talking points to other Senators, tell them to get out and offer to work with the Repubs, they can't win if they vote out ACA
Delete your account.
The GOP is now seeing just how hard it is, to get along with the GOP.
STOP WASTING ALL OUR MONEY, GET BEHIND OUR PRESIDENT OR GET OUT. WE CAN DRAIN THE POLLUTED SWAMP. VOTE OUT THE NEGATIVITY.  BYE BYE
It's already broke bone head. This will fall on the Dems for initiating the healthcare program.  We will fix it for you when it crashes.
Thank God! Now can we fix the problems and move forward? #HealthCareForAll
never happen - if GOP doesn't keep promise to repeal Obamacare their base will abandon them #TrumpCare
spot on!!
We need to free OJ Simpson this week and get him ready to be our next President! Impeach Trump and elect OJ!!!
Yes!  #NeverRepeal
Citizens want to see Congress work together @timkaine lead the cause. We depend on you all
How much money are we going to let them throw away. Resisting the government is wanting your family and country to fail. Don't block pray
Don't be too sure the Republicans cannot be trusted
We need new blood and new ideas in Washington. They waste so much money and time. Dems. and Reps. Don't trust any over 1year in office. VOTE
Maybe you and @SenJohnMcCain can get something done together. Show how it's done!
Yes sir!
We'll just need a mid-term election first!
Dems need to be working on a counter solution to come to the table and bargin with. Be ready for the talks
Uh... Isn't that exactly what Trump has said in the past... "Bipartisan" debate on health care reform?
Look a little deeper. He is blocking, not standing up for. How much more of our money are we going to let him/them waste. VOTE them OUT
That's a novel idea. #healthcareisahumanissue
Time to improve Obamacare in bi partisan cooperation #notrumppcare

#PleaseRETAINAffordableCareActAndImproveOnIt!
Public Debates that *include* #MediCareForAll
Obama refused to consider single payer.
That was #ACA downfall.
Don't sellout again!!
Even Obama knew single payer can never work.
Exactly - backing single payer would have meant alienating the insurance and drug industries, making deep cuts in donations.
Cant have that!
And it would mean zero choices in your healthcare, Someone gets to dictate if you are worth treating and you could wait up to 20 years.
Thank you @timkaine for fighting for decent healthcare for VA residents & all Americans! #FixACA #NoRepealTilFixed #Bipartisanship
Nope full repeal or let Obamacare die and then with you and any other globalist will be removed from office #WeThePeople have had #ENOUGH!
There will be no full repeal
Then it will die Obamacare the greatest scam perpetrated on the American taxpayer.
Do you or your family ever get healthcare? Obamacare saves thousands of lives.
Single payer then. Y dont u sign up for obamacare if its so great. Y should we support your special funded healthcare.
@TheDemocrats lean in and offer to help to fix this health care system once and for all for the sake of this country lets do this please.
Medicare For all!!! #MedicareForAll
Can y'all FINALLY work together and compromise like the old days? If I can find common ground with my friends who voted for Trump, U can 2!
You are a loser. Why listen to you?
Great news thanks to Senators Lee and Moran. They said No for their constituents. More Senators will do the same. 
But NOT interested in you taking more of my paycheck to pay for this socialized healthcare...
Umm...it's been time for way too long!! You all need to get it together and work TOGETHER for THE PEOPLE you represent!
Damn straight Sir!
No, time for full repel!
Tim Kaine is a fucking joke
Time for a full repeal and start over in bipartisan setting focused on a free market model.
Finally!!  Thanks to all who resisted!
Yes thank you for resisting the growth and prosperity of our Country. 
Let everyone spend millions of dollars on phoney leads.yes thank you
Thank you! There is always room for improvement, and it's time for real, transparent, bipartisan debate.
FYI, a majority of Americans support single-payer. Time for you and @TheDemocrats to grow a spine.
People made #Republicans know that they didn't want to get scewed over by the #deplorable #trumpcare #wealthcare plan. Yes, with a "w"
I'm sure @realDonaldTrump will shortly enlighten us as to how this is all Hillary's fault.
Hillary is not to blame. You are for not believing that Donald Trump is Our President. Try supporting him instead of WASTING my money.
Obama care is my daily nightmare.  It does not work!!
I am hoping that Obamacare dies and a free market in health care opens up in America.
One way to fix it is to stop the fraud of big drug companies that charge 10 Times more of the cost also the doctors that do the same !
No kidding and insurance companies that keepthe raising rates. This isnt a cash cow insurance companies
Agreed!
Members of #TheResistance: If u agree that Congress should #NeverRepeal ACA-then retweet this—then tweet the hashtag & RT others! #Resist 
repeal everything that worthless Obama did and his ass back to Hawaii or something maybe out in the woods with Hillary
Exactly! At this point we know people don't like it, so now let's figure how out how to fix what we already have that people like!
We all know you are the real Vice President, trump is the ILLEGITIMATE President.

Should you be giving advice to Americans?
Half a sentence in and
You're so astute
Blah, Blah..and your point is?
@theDemocrats have no message only #resist
Anything will be better than #obamacare
#MAGA #FoxNews #Trumpcare
Lol pretty sure four @GOP senators just showed y'all tonight that no, not just anything is better than #Obamacare. #Trumpcare failed.
Bipartisan effort would be great. Showing people that Ds and Rs can work together for a bill that actual helps will back DJT into a corner!
Yes please!
SENATOR WE HAVE ONLY TWO SOLUTION !FIX THE ACA !OR  UNITE BOTH PARTIES !AND DRAFT A GREAT BILL!
Undo everything the Republicans did to try to make Obamacare fail.
How about just repeal and let the private system work the way it is intended to work. Government run anything is just a very bad idea.
You and your party ruined health care. Get out of the health care business because you suck at it. #repeal

They should be working with the Dems to improve the ACA, stabilize markets and work to reduce premiums.Gutting Medicad is not the answer.
And lower the cost of needed medications too
It's time to fix the ACA not repeal it let's make it better and not take health care away from millions
Just repeal, fix later.
Here's the compromise; Medicaid stays as is; Medicare buy in becomes public option with essential health benefits; it is revenue neutral
Also insurance companies can sell any kind of insurance they want; free market; no mandates
Just saw this. They'll try again, of course. But for now, we can renew our determination to #SaveMedicaid
Nah.  Just let Obama care fail!!
ACA doesn't need fixing.  It's working well, & about as predicted, other than states that sued to dodge Medicaid expansion.Single payer next
Tim, Let's just let Obamacare crash and then yawl can fix it?  @realDonaldTrump
"...negotiate with the Dems to fix healthcare? - OH, THE HORRORS! - WHAT COULD POSSIBLY BE WORSE?!..."
Time for you to get ready to be voted out of office!!!
We Love Senator Kaine in VA!!!
We hate his worthless losing carcass.
Until you people bring down cost for Meds & basic care what ever happens it will be a loser plan SAD STATE OF AFFAIRS ! In the US of A.
Thank you. #ACA is not failing. It's struggling in Republican States where no #Medicaid expansion. Fix #ACA. ex#gop in Fla
I pray that @gop has the decency to fix The USA healthcare system and not continue to strangle it for political gain.
Trump will attack that idea- he does NOT want to see Republicans work with Democrats
Single payer now
No need to fix it. Completely repeal it and let the free market take over.
So happy!
Healthcare is a fact in America now, time to come together and solve the problems
Yes, the time is now!!!!
Thank you!!! People Matter!
Trumpcare was AWFUL LIKE HIM!

Agreed, but too many Republicans want to kill Medicaid.
KEEP THE PORK OUT OF THE BILL!!!! SHUT DOWN THE LOBBYISTS! Standardize campaign spending?
Obama OUT
Come back we need your help
#trumpcare FAIL! Yes!
It's not called Trump care doofus, try to catch up
Wealthcare
Nope, educate yourself.
It's already broken because of Obamacare
"It's the craziest thing in the world." -Bill Clinton on Obamacare
I doubt that it has a lot of what hillary Clinton proposed as first lady.
Was bill talking about Obamacare or Hillary ?
