My Medicare-X bill with @SenBennetCO builds on Medicare's framework to give all Americans access to a public insurance plan on marketplaces.
Medicare-X would first hit markets in rural counties or places w/o competition—where options are limited & costs higher. Nationwide by 2023.
All Americans should have access to affordable, quality health insurance. I believe a public option helps us get there.
For the HUGE $ Ins costs employers imagine if they could split it between paying into #Medicare for worker,give workers a raise,& themselves
lol GFY
.@timkaine can congress do something to rein in exorbitant costs some health care service providers charge? That’s root of the problem! Thx!
How many employers would gladly pay into #Medicare for worker. LOTS of them, I bet. Gap coverage could be offered privately.
Healthcare was sabotaged when Obamacare was crammed down our sore throats! #KaineTheClown
I couldn't afford the healthcare my former employer offered for $700.00 a month. I thank God for ACA and will never change my mind
Essentially, our teacher & waitress family is paying for your insurance ... #smh #ObamacareSucks ... and leaches suck more.
No it really doesn't. When you need major help in the future good luck with what you're going to get from who's in charge right now.
Then don't stand Idly by.....  do something else
Any public option removes your choice in decision making for your healthcare.  1 million person waiting list in Europe & Canada.
Most European countries don’t have pure single-payer; they have hybrids & multi-payers which = tons of options.
Canada is single-payer, and it’s not the best, but France has a great system that offers quality & efficiency.
Also standing idly by.
If Trump doesn’t like paying insurance companies he should get behind this.
A welcome first step towards #MedicareForAll. @sensanders suggested it on @pbsnewshour in July. Hope my Senator @clairecmc will support it
EXTEND paid medicare option to EVERYONE who wants it!!  Not just RURAL; EVERYWHERE; Including employer insurance mkt.  OPEN MKT.  CHOICE!!!
8 years of pure joy with president Obama. Now we have a crazy man in WH.
It was 8 yrs of pure horror for me. And now I finally feel safer.
Why was it pure horror for you? He didn't provoke war with NK. He fixed  economy & job market. Plus he didn't lie like 45 does. 45 is crazy.

The ACA saved my eyesight. Pre-existing chronic eye disease, ACA gave me crucial meds, eye doctors.I would be blind now but for Obama. Hero
I'm glad it helped you. But for every person it helped it also ruined that many other families who could no longer afford it.
I would have to see data & facts on this.  Health insurance,  unless through employer has always been expensive.  I doubt ACA drove up costs
Can you also ask about the 25th amendment, this cat is out of control.
I've been asking my senators. Begging them
Thank you Mr. Kaine!  Save us from this miserable sod!
Where was the concern when Obama lied about the "Affordable? Care act"? You can keep your Doctor, premiums $2000 less cost! Horrible Lies!
Your in idle all the time Kaine
This is precisely what we need and deserve. Therefore no chance of passage with GOP control.
if we don't protect the right to vote and save us from Russian intervention Democrats will fail. And our people will die.
Trump ended the big #Democratic Donations from Insurance Companies, you pay them they return the favor! Its over no more $$$ for you.
I'm confused. Just 6 months Trump said Insurers were losing money and pulling out of the markets because of ACA. Which is it?

When we had #Medicaid we LOVED it. Saved my life: #Thyroid #Cancer. No bankruptcy, kept our house.  Means testing and % of income buy-in
#JailTrumpANDPenceNow #TrumpIsTheKingOfSabotage #BankruptcyExpert
We're not interested in activity....we want results....talk to us when you accomplish something
TY
tim the first thing you should introduce yourself to is a brain
Wish God’s Mercy grants us relief from a leader who is so callous and deficient! What can he accomplish but our downfall?
Thank God for the Dems to stand up and fight.  We need you more then ever.
Don't you mean a waltz, the Virginia reel I believe.
What! Dems push ACA down our throats, costing me dearly, but I’m hopeful Ds and Rs can fix. #MAGA #DefundPP How do u square w being a RM??
Lol are you fucking kidding? Sorry Tim, the party is taking a hard left turn. No more neoliberal bullshit
Sorry you guys now have to put in a full day on ACA and DACA working on a bipartisan fix.should have done so years ago
Talk to Bernie Sanders. Get his help.
This should have happened years ago, but Insurance CO's hijacked the ACA.
Does your bill remove the individual mandate???
Hopefully everyone can keep working toward universal coverage as well.
Oh Tim. 
#VoteForDemocratIsVoteAgainstTrump #VoteVirginia #Election2017 #VirginiaElection
Our President is not sabotaging r health care&u need to stop exaggerating! DJT is trying to fix it.If u really cared,u'd help him. Ur bad!!
Did you read the bill?  Of course you didn’t, because it’s not finished yet.  So please stop with the fear mongering and DO YOUR JOB!
Anyway you can spend our money you will take!
But, you are
Thank you
OK we're listening.
Can't sabotage failed system. Dem think Trump needs to work w them. BS! Dem need to pull head out & work w Trump!
You actively help #obama screw the American ppl with #Obamacare. We’ll correct you serious mistake. You’re welcome.
Round him out and cage him already

@interpretingall Whatever it is, we will take it.  Why can't we fight for the one he sabotaged?
Public option, public option, public option
Thank you!
How’s your tyrant son Timmy? Need bail bonds?
As a person who may very likely loose my health care under the Former Host of The Apprentice I thank you for doing this!
its about freaking time  #publicoption will bring down PRICE GOUGING CORRUPT SUBSIDIES.  woo hoo!
No time for half measures. Try Medicare for all, you big chicken. What more incentive do you need?
Your party sabataged our healthcare when you rammed ACA down America's thoat. Public option makes worse for disabled. Will cause delays SAD
The American people love you! We ALL must fight this battle together. DO NOT let trump the destroyer cause the death of the American people!
Where are all the Dem voices against the perverted agenda of @POTUS? Don’t hear from @TomPerez, @chuckschumer @BernieSanders et al. Weak!
Why did you wait years
I am pleading with you & Democrats to work tirelessly on behalf of the people of the US! Good health care is crucial to all of our citizens!
At last! Keep at it Senator! Please join forces with @SenSanders to bring America Medicare For All!!
Trump's passion is to get Obama's name off healthcare. he will continue to be reckless with our health.
Thank you,  Senator Kaine.  I am proud to be one of your constituents.
Bless you Sir!!  
Ah ha ha ha ha!  Go back under your rock and leave our POTUS ALONE!!!!
Thank you Tim
Thank you, sir.
keep those donors happy! #SinglePayer now, remove profits from healthcare period. Access doesn't mean affordable. Healthcare is a right!
Inviting the govt into personal health care and health choices is an evil that cannot be allowed to grow. Simple subsidies at the most.
Wishing you well in attaining this. It is desperately needed as healthcare fixes developed. Have been asking for months.
Thank you, Senator!
What are you doing to #RemoveTrump ? #ImpeachTrump
The People Want #BernieCare.  #MedicareForAll #S1804
Thanks, Dad.
Thank you, and carry on my good man!
Thank you, Sen Kaine!
Thank you, @timkaine!!
So right, Tim I'm 58, and can't afford anything anymore. Tomorrow I apply for Medicaid! Let's just do what other countries do! Single payer
In Ventura County, Ca, have  2 options-Kaiser & Blue Shield which our local hospital isn't affiliated with. Hope this bill includes us.
Thank you, since my party is failing to protect us
Do it for Americans!!!
Thank you JeffK!
Because you can afford it!
Single payor please!
You Democrats stood idly by as the middle class got screwed having our premiums rise by 78% and deductibles go up 200% passing ACA...
The time has come: #SinglePayer
To be Canadian, wonderful.
Healthcare? Try the entire country.....kick his ass off!
Reality: The dems forced Obamacare on USA making healthcare & insurance unaffordable. The Dems bypassed congress to bailout ins companies.
Trump's ex orders will stop illegal subsidy bailouts to insurance companies. Dems never funded them. The individual subsidies still exist.
Trump's ex orders will lower the cost of insurance so millions currently paying Obamacare's penalty will now be able to afford insurance.
Trump is sabotaging everything in America. SOMEONE HELP
Thank you!
PLEASE .... anything..... this is a travesty ...... #unconscionable ..... then again.... no surprise.
So proud you are my senator.
That’s funny didn’t Obamacare already do that !
Yay Tim!
Let me shout this from my rooftop: THANK YOU Senator Kaine. If only…
Thank~you for continuing to stand for the American people!!!
Thank you!
Do not worry you be voted out in a few weeks
You really should go sell used cars. Awan could use your help.
Thank you! My doctor says this is the key to better healthcare coverage for Americans. She also hates Trump!
I support a public option!!!
Thank you!
Keep fighting for us!
Great. So wish @GovSandoval hadn't vetoed #Sprinklecare in NV. Such a promising bill.
Obama made us pick his  $$$$ policy,  With tax bailouts BUT .Trump lets us pick our own $ we can make groups. How extreme LEFT are you?
thank you sir! We have an ACA plan
THANK YOU!  But don't just introduce it...WORK IT! 
Article you shared decries HUGE tax increases w/single payer - never states health insurance premiums will disappear.  Bernie’s correct here
Yay!
YAY!! Thank you. It seems to me when GOP battles among itself, then is the time to strike with OUR plan. Someone needs to announce tax plan.
Yes, please do something!!
Yes
A real President would pardon Bowe Bergdahl.
Very misleading article. How many @GOP votes "passed" the #ACA?
Now you want it to be bipartisan?
Red Herring ring a bell?
Please! This is already impacting people and the uncertainty is stressful for those who are struggling. It's cruel!!
STOP the PERVS, HARRASSMENT & ABUSE NOW! WOMEN ARE MAJORITY DEMAND REPRESENTATION in CONGRE$$ & COURT$ NOW! TAXATION w/OUT REP.is TYRANNY!
So bold.
Sanders Medicare -For-All is the real solution to our healthcare needs .
Yes please!
Lmao
Who are you again? 
Please stop this insanity.
Hallelujah! Grownups in Senate, led by Senator Tim Kaine, doing the right thing. Please consider subscription to Medicare as an option.
good job!
TY,at least u have ideas.Probably most don't know pre-ACA. Same crap Repubs want now IT SUCKED!DT voters will find out & wish they had ACA!
The public agree with @POTUS!!!!  Stop obstructing @timkaine
Tim, executive branch cannot appropriate subsidy funds as per Section 1402 of the PPACA. All funds must come from Congress. YOU should know.
Tim Kaine is not only a dumbass he is not an honest broker
AWESOME!  . Great move and THANK YOU SENATOR KAINE!
Those subsidies are illegal please don't forget that
You are lame
Rep did not stand by while Dem f*** over Americans w illegal ObamaCrap! Trump is saving America!
That’s great. Hope it’s a good plan
STFU. You sat while Obama lied to us and destroyed milllions of hard working ppls health insurance. For god sake go try and fix your kid.
If ACA is so great, why did the congressional  Democrats who shoved it down our throats exclude themselves from it?
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
We need new leadership on the Democrat side. Y'all sad. Push for impeachment
who is going to pay for your day dreams?
YES!!!! That is where this is headed, so why not now? Medicare buy-in? Sign me up.
You rock.  Please run in 2018
Why not? You stood idly by as Obama destroyed the healthcare system.
I seriously cannot believe what I am watching in the US of A right now
Common Sense! Thank you Senator Kaine!
Good!
Thank you.  It is clear to me now the @gop hates the working class.
You guys need to coordinate the Medicare-for-all, public option, etc ideas and put forth one, united effort.
There is a civil war in the Democratic Party between the republicans in disguise (clinton/Kaine wing) and the ideological heir of JFK n FDR
Single payer
There you go!
@realDonaldTrump is sabotaging ACA. If #ACA fails it’s directly fault of @POTUS & @GOP! Anything now is #TrumpCare “healthcare for the rich”
Is it #Obamacare? Again?
"Yeah, we totally screwed up, big-time, with Obamacare. But trust us; we'll get it right this time for sure! You'll love it!"
I make 741.00 on SSI my 1,bedroom HUD apt is 406.00 utilities 300.00. This is reality. N I'm recovering from Cancer.
woohoo!  Say goodbye to another term for T-Kaine
Then do something....
We will see how that works for ya
Health Care was sabotaged By Obama & the Democrats, YOU BROKE IT, Should Have Read IT First !
STFU. U POS.
I thought that reason was the electoral college.
... Please do & Thank You...
How about impeachment as well.
Better do something fast my rate just went up another 47% now more than my house payment! & deductable is huge-in my 60's this is tough !!!!
Trump is trying to UN-DESTROY THE USA.nowhere in our constitution does it have a clause for tax $$ 2B spent on medicals.
TIM KAINE IS OF CAIN. SON OF SATAN. HE CONVERTED TO ISLAM. 
This is the most sensible health care proposal I've seen.
Using the increase in student loan payments, from 3% to 6-9%, to fund Obamacare gave you about 45 billion. 
Robbery.
Is this you? Does business in China daily? Sick folk screwing your margins Huh? If only there was a place you could pay pennies for laborers
Mandated maternity for men, lesbians, those with no interest in kids, is burdensome robbery.
Trump is fulfilling a campaign promise.  It's why he was elected.  I realize that is an alien concept to a Liberal, but get used to it.
The insurance companies made the deductibles so high knowing the average Joe won't use the insurance because of the expense.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.  They have been playing "kickball with my health care" for too long.
Trump hasn't changed anything in the ACA.
really? Hmm now there is no essential benefit guarantee-junk ins is back
We as a Nation can certainly use this!
You go tim America is flush with money
Go, Tim!!
The only way to go!
You're disgusting, I'm paying 900 a month for insurance.. The only ones happy are the ones getting the freebies!!
You go Mr. Kaine. In the earth-2 I visit in dreams  you are VP
You’re delusional just like the rest of Congress who are exempt from Obamacare disaster.
Dear Sen. Kaine, what are the chances of this actually happening?
Why are you always on the wrong side of written law???
Trump rescinding obama E.O. to subsidize ins industry that was ruled by fed court as illegal is not sabotage!
Democrats ruined healthcare by giving us Obamacare and won't help republicans fix it.
Please.

Please stop the madman!
Sabotages? Obamacare already did that to the individual market. are you going to explain to the public how the public option works? Medicare is not a true single payer, and it is means tested.
If only you had this vision when you and HRC were running....

