sessions is innocent & you know he is, Americans see dems as the new jerry springer show on steriods. #sessions
Where was your criticism of Obama the past 8 years. Deeply Troubling and partisan
or he should be like dems just plead fifth 50 times.
Hypocrites! Holder & Lynch were most corrupt AGs in history & libtards defended them! Stop this petty "resist" crap! SORE LOSERS!
isn't lying in a confirmation hearing perjury?
I'm sure you held the same position with holder- oh that's right- no, you're a fraud like all you progressives.
just like your run 4 months ago lol. Your running mate was very compromised!
fer chrissakes ! Recuse? In his own words, AG Sessions said anyone who lies under oath must go!
he lied under oath. Unacceptable
He really needs to resign.
Jeff should be forced into retirement/impeachment for lying to Congress.  Lying to Congress got Bill impeached, equal treatment.
hyperbole much?
and he has flat out lied to us already. He should resign.and slowly the Trump boat sinks into the cold Siberian waters.
resign*
He needs to step down!  Never would I imagine such openly racists leading this country.
Sir, I ask you, how can he have T.S. clearance? As a marine, I'd have lost it for doing much less. Where is the justice?
WADR... Don't Believe "Objectivity Or Independence"Have Ever Been On #Session's Resume...
Would prefer you make a statement more in the line of "calling for resignation."
Shut up, Tim. You've lost your talking privileges with that rubber stamp you've been using for these appointments.
@realDonaldTrump recuse himself.he lied under oath.he is AG.he must resign.
He wasn't asked if ever as a Senator he met with ambassador. Why don't you do your research. All congress meet with/ambassadors!
oh like Lynch did lol we all can see the bullshit knee high
you are the on point! Help Goodlatte VA06 see the light! 22980 Help the Valley!
He should resign.   He is a whore.  Bought, paid and owned by the alcohol industry.  Let alone his Russia ties.    sold out.
JEFF SESSIONS IS HONORABLE! Quit playing these resist everything Trump games you are playing! YOU ARE LOSING THE REST OF UR BASE!
Ahhh...He did. Its a shame AG Lynch didn't. I don't remember you calling for her recusal? "Right Hand Person"
hypocrites....all of you.
kinda feels like the GOP felt about fast and furious, Benghazi, IRS gate, lynch Bill meeting.
How many Trump Cabinet Members Will Have to resign Before the GOP Realizes That Trump Is Directly Responsible for Russian Ties?
you need to recuse yourself from the Senate and public service althogether... how do you sleep at night?  Disgusting
you are such a hypocrite!
during campaign, did u have contact with any foreign agencies? Muslim Brotherhood? did u kno they are un-indicted co-conspirators?
No he doesn't, the man was doing his job
he must resign
he needs to RESIGN . Too many I don't recalls.Heavens to Murgatroyd! Exit stage left.
@MrJamesonNeat They will find a way if not done already to wash their hands clean with investigation,corrupted
#FireSessions
he needs to RESIGN.
we knew that from the beginning!
Washington Post misled you.  Sessions story is just more fake news.  Check your facts.
no he shouldn't it an Obama hit job
Resign or be fired. Perjury is a crime. If he was confused then let him retire.  Unfit to be AG either way!
I remember obama on a hot mic accidentally telling secrets in public!!
isn't there anything Democrats can do to get a decent investigation? They're always seems to be away for the GOP to get their way
oh yeah....like Loretta Lynch.
why don't you see if you can find some beneficial to do.
And how do you know this? Are you one of the unnamed sources?
@DamaNestor if you lie to Congress it's perjury.
#SessionsLied He must resign. Full Stop.
will congress please wake up. Russia is knocking on our door and DT is letting them in. Democrats do your job
he needs to resign!
John Mitchell went to jail for perjury.  So should Sessions.
, why in the hell didn't you say the same thing about Clinton??
too compromised therefore resign!
He needs to resign. There is no trust now and this is rapidly increasing partisanship.
He must resign. He lied while under oath. He's probably not the only one, but he's the one who was caught.
There is no room for lies in the AG's office. Perjury is against the law. Sessions must step down.
He needs to RESIGN.
@ediepa LOL... the deep state whiners continue their futile plight. The dems getting clobbered at every turn w/ nobody to blame...
where was the confirmation committee at? if your so out raged why not fix from within the senate Senator
sir, he lied under oath. Look at the laws...perjury is not a crime that is acceptable. Please hold crooks accountable.
it's funny hilliary has done a whole lot worse and you all keep on kissing her ass
This entire administration is "too compromised," & @TheDemocrats & media fawning over Trump giving a scary speech w/o vomiting.
@MrJamesonNeat he needs to resign. When a person shows you who they are believe them the first time. Liars. All liars.
Luther Strange has been sworn in, Jeff Sessions is eradicated from AL, now Trump should dismiss & put him on a slow boat to China.
Recuse?!? He perjured himself. He should be prosecuted.
He must resign!
agreed but I do recall a similar situation with Loretta Lynch.
he will not do the right thing on his own!
#WatergateTheRemix
Youre all too compromised
It's perjury!  He must resign!
With all due respect, he needs to resign. I do hope that you demand this.
he must resign, nothing less is acceptable.
how do you know he's compromised if you don't have the info?
I'm so glad you didn't win. You're a crook just like Clinton and Obama. I'm a registered Democrat and I will shout it !! CROOK !
#locksessionsup
If you had done this, what would @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP be saying right now?
why not resignation for perjury
no, he must RESIGN! He lied and he must be held accountable.
he lied, under oath, to Congress! He must be prosecute!
@KattyKissem You need to call on him to resign. Recuse will not cut it!
Eff recusal. #SubpeonaSessions as #MaterialWitness
thank you senator Kaine ... he should resign!
agreed..needs to resign, and a special prosecutor named.
How many criminal acts does Trump& company have to break before anything is done! Good God they have broken so many laws already!
yes. The question he answered no to was whether campaign talked to Russia not if they talked to Russia about the campaign.
They're circling...
Isn't this perjury? Illegal? Sessions should not just be recused, he should be fired.
it is either perjury or early stage dementia.  either way, bye bye #Sessions it was not a pleasure
Can you hold him in contempt of Congress?
Senator, I do not always agree with you or your party, but you are correct. Thank you for your professionalism and ethics.
he needs to resign. You must be more aggressive in dealing with this administration.
resign , go to trial for perjury , get locked up.
Dems MUST DEMAND @jeffsessions removed as AG. The People have no trust in his integrity & his ability to do his job unbiased.  @timkaine
he must be brought up on charges for lying under oath!
Loretta Lynch Recused herself from email investigation, Sessions must do the same from Russian Ties investigation. He's too close!
agreed as my senator please make it happen.  Can he be removed from the job entirely?
he needs to resign. Lying under oath used to be a resignations level offense.  It still needs to be.
Recuse? RESIGN! He lied to Congress which is worse than the original act of collision. #SessionsRepeal&Replace
I really don't have much faith that any of the GOP members will do the right thing.
I'd say sit down, put your feet up and watch the Republican Party destroy itself. They're finding out karma's a b*tch.
an understatement. Sessions should have disclosed the nature of his meetings. not outright deny them in his confirmation hearing
.@timkaine More compromised then Lynch was? Did she recluse herself? Double standard much?
With all due respect, sir, he needs to resign. I do hope that you demand this.
LOL, when have any of these slime balls done the right thing?
Senator it seems to me if that is the case perhaps you should also agree that he step down.
if doing your job as a Senate committee member is grounds for recusal then you all are setting a dangerous precedent.
and jail is in order here.. just like people who aren't in politics. If we commit perjury we go to jail..
weak. He should resign & b criminally investigated. Not thrilled w/ ur easygoing attitude towards this administration frankly.
.@timkaine he must resign, and be charged with perjury
total crap. Where is the evidence of foul play Senator? Have you met with Ambassadors during your time as a Senator.
That's the only way we can have a fair & unprejudiced government, otherwise, we have a dictatorship!
Should he resign?
not recuse, Resign
