Where is your plan for "Ds and Rs working together"?  All you have done is obstruct
You can't obstruct when you don't have a majority.
There are ways minority can in Senate. Haven't see a @timkaine proposal to work with Rs
https://www.kaine.senate.gov/press-releases/carper-kaine-introduce-bill-to-improve-the-health-care-marketplace-and-lower-premiums- …
This is a D plan to give $ to insurance co, not working with Rs
You can just say it- you want to be mad at democrats and not productive. I'd respect ppl more if they were open about their partisanship
LOL, you mean productive like using "blood money""cruel""death party" rhetoric towards GOP bill?
You're just looking to be angry again. The bill will cause an estimate of 18,000-28,000 unnecessary deaths a year. The rhetoric fits.
I'd rather you push for single payer instead of making futile attempts to "work with" the people who are trying to steal our healthcare.
No one is trying to steal healthcare and many people can't afford Obamacare and have $10,000 deductibles and no coverage for sick Dr visits.
Right. Which is why people want to fix the ACA considering this new bill only exasperates all of those issues and adds more.
Unaffordable care has over 2000 pages of dangerous laws written and needs replaced with real healthcare. Most didn't want it anyway! 
Oh. So you're delusional. Cool.
Lol. I have seen zero evidence that GOP is genuinely interested in "working together" with Dems. It's their way or the highway.
Yo. Your bammy had the same attitude with the Republicans. Did u just wake from an 8 year sleep?
Oh sweetie, Google is your friend. Don't be afraid of finding out how many hours of discussion & R amendments there were.
How about zero before it was passed. Not one Republican  voted yes for it and the democrats met behind locked doors. This was done later.
Mmmm...no. Try 161, just from the Senate Committee for Health, Education, Labor and Pensions. More from other committees.
There was not one Republican vote to pass the original healthcare bill before amendments so try again. Sad that there are so many dim Dems
There are DOZENS of articles at your fingertips. It wouldn't matter how many were cited, you wouldn't believe them.

http://affordablehealthca.com/timeline-obamacare/ …
I see she left, was it something I said? 

https://twitter.com/TerriKalagayan 
Funny how Trump says Dems obstruct (btw poor choice of words DT) when Republicans draw up their plans behind closed doors
Tim Kaine is another corrupt clown and definitely does not speak for the American people.
Actually more American people chose him and HRC than trump and his turdlings
Got it wrong again, Timmie. Americans reject #Obamacare. There is no #Trumpcare, there's only repairing the terrible damage you guys did.
 No Trumpcare - what's this bill then? From@foxnews so you can't claim it's fake http://nation.foxnews.com/2017/06/22/senate-healthcare-bill-read-full-text …
Well if a news agency says it, then it must be real.
Way to skirt around the ACTUAL issue, contribute something of substance and if not, move along
I don't think it's skirted. The issue is the absolute disaster of #Obamacare, and the need to get rid of it. Okay?
Go away, bot.
I'd like both parties to work on strengthening Obamacare, work on areas that show fixes are needed.
Exactly, and he/she that helps the most people gets reelected, not he/she who tears down to obscure someone's legacy.
Obamacare destroyed healthcare -
D's and R's really need to work together for the well being and best interest of the people.
All due respect, Mr.#Kaine. Americans haven't read #AHCA. Have you? #Trumpcare  #Obamacare is dead, #RepealAndReplace #AssesandElephants
#ACA is health care. #trumpcare is only a tax cut for rich and destroys healthcare industry. Where the hell is there a middle ground ?
Trump could give two 's about us! His only goal is to undo anything Obama did at any price! Wake up conservative rednecks!
YAS
I live in a state w 2 dem senators. They know what to do. 
So. What can i do to help with the red states.
EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD HAVE COMPLETE HEALTHCARE COVERAGE PERIOD.  From birth to death. Why aren't American citizens the priority of our govt?
1920's all over again, when are they going to declare women chattel?
@realDonaldTrump already openly has~ a select group of rich, white, "Christian" males legislating for every other child, woman, & man #Ew
Who said the American ppl are rejecting the repeal plan?
America
Mic drop
The only medical care act needs to be universal care for everyone.
I've always thought the best remedy was for Rep & Dem to work together to improve Obamacare. Sadly, this is about Obama, not the people.
Repair not repeal. 

Never happen because the GOP supports Party over Country.  They've had 7 years and did nothing.
Pls provide a SINGLE example of how you've worked with President Trump or w/current GOP congress.
Why do we need health insurance in the first place?  What kind of right is health insurance?
After that loss to Handel and a high Apathy rate? It's time to let this go & allow the people to feel the consequences of their vote/no vote
Dem apathy=disgust for know nothing, communist, pelosi-loving candidates who feel that bathroom usage is more important than jobs and family
Ask your side.  They are doing all the obstructing and #resisting
R's get over it.  Obama will be our super hero whether you repeal and replace or act sensible and fix.  So do the latter.
Government should get out of healthcare & foster atmosphere that lets business find better solutions and innovate.
PLEASE to g'ment funded clinics so communities may manage their unique educational/preventative needs on income based fees says this VA RN
Tim, keep fighting.
no repeals, no fixes.... only option is SINGLE PAYER competition is not the answer it is the disease.
Wrong as usual Timmy. We elected Trump for this. You and queen Hillary are the losers remember?!?!?
And that's how it should be always
You need to fix the problem for the American people. Adult kids' premiums DOUBLED under OC. Instead of ranting get together & fix insurance.
So we're going to fix it by increasing premiums for seniors by 5 times? And increase the premiums for pre existing conditions?
I don't know the answer. I do know bilking hard working people for insurance premiums at twice what they should be paying is not the answer.
I absolutely agree.
Tim we rejected you just as wholeheartedly as Hillary.
No, Tim and Hillary received 2.9 million more votes than Trump. That is a rejection of Trump! He "won" because of antiquated EC. Maj rules!
But mostly, I want #Trumpcare to fail. I mean, it *is* a fail.
rt
It'll never happen because every single republican does not care about anything but money and power.
Sorry, but I don't see this happening any time soon. GOP is standing in line before Trump and the rich at the expense of America.
Hahaha. Goid try. Your play on words like you are bipartisan
What's sad, is Republicans will not work with us Dems.
We don't want the ACA or AHCA. We want single-payer universal health care now!
Just saw: Big tobacco is marketing disproportionately towards black people. 

Is the US trying to exterminate African America?
Single-Payer. End of story. Full stop.
Like Hillary, you need to just do your job and not Tweet.  America did not vote for you.
They don't have to repeal it... it collapsed and all the providers are pulling out...
Wld be nice, but too late for that. We are too divided.
No #Americare. Repeal Ocare entirely and get the h*ll out of my health care.
Stop gibberish. #fixACA Give specifics to constituents & MSM. No generalities. What coverages, benefits do we lose?
You had your chance over the year's and blew it. Let the responsible adults have a go at it.
Proud to be your constituent, Sen. Kaine. Keep fighting to protect us all, and our human rights to health care.
The democrats are only interested in redistributing wealth and promoting centralized government.  Stay away from our healthcare
Stay strong #resist
Where was all this "Americare" talk back in 2010, when you shoved Obamacare down our throats in spite of having a 66% disapproval rating?
I want Obamacare
We had a plan. So, rename it Americare so the GOP can feel good about itself, and protect the people.
@Saintjames46 the phrasing of your tweet exemplifies the partisan hopelessness; paints GOP as bad for repeal & for their plan.
Keep fighting for us, Senator.
No, @GOP has proven too immature and incompetent to have a seat at the table.
Commonhealth is a better name. And FICA should be FICHA matched by employers like FICA is.
I don't want Republicans anywhere near my health care issues. Not this particular batch of traitors. Maybe GOP will clean itself up.
Do this! http://www.pnhp.org/facts/what-is-single-payer … @thedemocrats
Plus I have any you to call it ACA from now on!! And stop fusing Obama for not doing enough
Universal American Health Care!  We aren't a third world country yet.  Politicians could decide to be civil servants instead of gluttons.
Stop this bad bill any way you can. This will be devastating if it becomes law.
Whining is what you do best...not a good leadership quality!  What's your proposal Senator?  I know...nothing!  Keep whining!
Life was just fine before the ACA
I absolutely think Dems & Rep should work together to fix ACA, perhaps after SEnate tables Trumpcare for lack of votes hopefully.
Tell it brother Tim and while you're at it school Va. @Scotttaylorva @RepScottTaylor about how to represent the all people of the state.
They need to be united ! Did they forget this is the United States. No one way street on this issue!!!
Fix ACA!
I do not know when it has become an offense to be poor? My fellow  Americans, how do we all know the truth and yet refuse to voice it out?
Single payer is the only resolution! #NoTrumpcare
OurHealthcare System could b fixed to work for all,& share the benefits & the cost,If party's don't work together,the most vulnerable suffer
Obamacare is a tax and needs repealed. The people have not rejected Trumpcare as yet. But YES! WORK for the sake of Americans. Its not hard
D's, R's and don't forget the I's...there are more than just two parties....
Sorry Senator don't trust any Republicans near my healthcare.
That's a GREAT name!  
Rein in all the high cost factors that are passed onto consumers first
No thanks. I prefer my Dr visits without the government in the room.
Americans rejected Ocare you big doofus! Fix this!
If "Americare" was a single payer / universal #healthcare plan, that would be fine. R's will never agree to this or to work w/D's.
They need to grow up and work together on the bill that's good for everybody not just the rich people
In order to do that Donny and his cronies must go!
why do we not fix the problem instead of making it worse Sad execuse for senators not working together we are us people not rep/dem
How about some support for universal health care?
Universal care!Bring US into 21st century on par with rest of western industrialized countries!End shameful infant mortality,longevity score
What suggestions do you have? Obstruction
Keep fighin', Old Me!
I want them to work together for her.
Just appeal trump care when next president comes in. Seems to be the new normal. Not fixing anything.
Trump care is bad news, I hope they don't pass it. Fix what's allready in place. Don't make more problems.
Single payer Tim
WADR, ALL Of U.S. Have Been PUSHED & SHOVED By T & @GOP, SO FAR PAST THE "Working Together" BS, WE WANT #UniversalHealthcare FOR ALL Of U.S.
I want all libs and their socialist policies/laws out of my life. Resign
Let's hope some Americans wake up by then and see the writing and lies on the wall!
Ty, its useless trying to get trumptards to understand.souless ppl, & will scream the loudest once the truth hits them-sad we all suffer
How can you say resist and work together at the same time
SENATORS IT IS FOR THE BEST THAT REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS WORK TOGETHER; FOR A COMMON GOAL!
You can't build a healthcare plan on the idea that healthcare is not a "right." Would be nice if the R's thought so but that is not the case
Please Sen. Kaine, thwart this bill by endless amendments, stall for time until more truth about Russia is exposed Vote now & R's will pass.
LOVE IT...
I say get the damn government out of health care and let the people get it across state line on their own. Government screws up everything,.
D's need to wait until the Russian Investigation is finished and the Russians, Nazis, WS are removed from the compromised WH. #TrumpRussia
You can work with bigots with no heart and soul?  That's not possible. @GOP has to completely reform first.
Yes, please! This time how about taking into consideration the American people. You know, the ones you WORK FOR!
And the ones that better vote them out next election if they play politics with our healthcare!
The ONLY solution is #MedicareForAll.
Reality: American people voted to REPEAL obamacare & really want their WILL to be followed. Dems & estab republicans still ignoring voters.
USA wants Dems, and anyone else trying to keep Obamacare in existence, to stay the hell out of health ins/care. REPEAL ALL OF OBAMACARE!
They want to kill people for being poor, disabled, old or getting too sick. No Democrat should help them. #trumpcare
They need help! Some of them are as toxic as Donny! Hope they get voted out on their dumb asses next time around!
Isn't that what happened with the #ACA with r's writing and adding amendments?
The Federal Govt has no business being in the Health Care Business.
Full repeal!!
Would love D's and R's working together, but not these R's - you'll never get anywhere. It would be an exercise in futility.
American people rejected #Obamacare too, but that was shoved down our throats. That said, I'm RTing. Rs & Ds need to get their  together.
please contact heller. He seems sane.
Obama Car is Imploding. Fanie Mae & Freddie Mac were Robbed by the Obama Administration.for Obama Care. Illegal deferring funds
Well why haven't Democrats showed any interest in working together? You were the person who said fight Republicans in the street.
You're mistaken. Kaine had even presented legislation as have others. There's other R's who aren't even invited to help. Stop being partisan
No mistake about it. The idiot is a Senator in my state and worst Gov Va ever had. I saw his tweet and heard his words. You're wrong not me
This was McConnell care.  Left in way to much of obamacare.  Just repeal.
Senator, that name is !!!
AMERICARE! why haven't we thought of this before now?!
We reject Trumpcare and Obamacare. We want private care. decided in the free market. No govt
Finally a good idea!

Thank you!

I don't care what it's called just make it work!
That's all we ask. Thanks
Without consensus we are one election away from single payer healthcare and massive taxes on billionaires.  #geteven
yes stop messing around and insure all Americans period ,,ugh every 8 yrs another bunch of drama fight etc jeez ! UNIVERSAL  !!
YES. @SenatorTester and @SteveDaines must work TOGETHER for Montana, a Medicaid expansion state.
You've already shown that you can't work nicely with others, remember, resist
Working together would be great. please stop spreading lies and mis-information
We need universal health care for all of us the same coverage our leaders have
Yeah, notice how they wrote themselves out of the bill. If it's so great, why don't they want it?
Tim,you're mad and frustrated,get over, you and hillary are losers.
American people reject Obamacare, why do you think you're still a senator instead of VEEP. Put down the blunt my friend.
I want nothing done until this Russia crap is sorted out and dealt with.....
That would be a novel idea
Don't be murderers @SenateGOP
Put forward your proposal Senator
Leaders of our country need to understand that we the people are disappointed they aren't treating us fairly
Your pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain. #RepealGodfathersPizza
And by Americare, you mean what the majority of Americans actually support?
