Trump administration scraps Obama-era guidance on investigating campus sexual assault: http://apne.ws/hco4SMl 
I am a survior and I am so discouraged by this decision. On top Graham-Cassidy Bill could hinder post assault care.An assault on Americans!
This is sick & perverted...I applaud your bravery! 
Thanks! Sexaual assault /abuse must be addressed head on. Surviors with a voice want hope and support for victims who feel alone.
IN OTHER WORDS, YOU WANT THE ACCUSED TO BE GUILTY WITHOUT A TRIAL
all part of plan to return to 1950 and undo ANYTHING of Obama’s.  was assaulted at OSU in ‘70s.  happens everywhere. DeVos is DeDevil
If you try hard enough, you can distort it into Trump's fault.
My sympathies for the crime perpetrated against you. I hope u got justice.
I’m speaking as 2 the Madmen mindset of this http://admin.Care  2 explain what good comes of restricting women’s rights after assault?
Gail, does the "rule of law" not apply to college students accused? How does THAT infringe on women's rights? Women DO lie about rape.
Very few women lie. However, THE MAJORITY OF MEN who rape and sexually assault women face no legal consequences. That's the reality.
By less safe you mean men accused and later acquitted will now be allowed to remain on campus???
Should we send our girls to college with pepper spray
If it is SOOOO dangerous, why are you sending your daughter?
No one should be surprised.  How many ways did he show it pre-election?  Whitest male dominated unqualified WH in modern history.
Everyday I wake up happy cuz Hillary and Tim aren't in charge.
Do what I pay you to do fix which wrong with United States not what is in your best interests .
Of course, the abuser does not want to be held accountable.  This is a travesty.
Campuses less safe @timkaine ? Have you seen what those looney leftist professors are teaching kids these days? Destroying property ?
The way Tim's son does. Like that.
@timkaine didn't your own son do his part to make campuses unsafe ? Maybe focus your attention on that?
So the victims of campus sexual assaults are victimized twice - once by their assaulter and once by POTUS.
DeVos  is shameless
Sexual assaults should be handled by police and due process should apply to ALL. This is the right move.
Why not lynch everyone accused since you despise the due process clause?
Disgusting!
He's in love  with President Obama!!!
Again, Trumps cabinet heads break down the system, giving Altright,Far Rights, and fucking males permission to harm, kill, rape whoever.
U Sir took an oath to uphold the constitution which includes fair & equal treatment as well as #DueProcess If u don't support that step down
I want a detailed explanation for WHY?
This is outrageous and disgusting.
Sure. Let's just pitch due process rights out. I don't expect elected officials to be Mensa level, but I don't expect stupid.
All this is becoming outrageous!
What are her views on rape then? Does anyone know??
Wait, what? That just makes too much sense for #RepugnantBetsyD
U really need to go away. U were one of the main reasons Clinton was a sure fail!! U prove that with every tweet!
Yeah, because if a victim said it happened, you should believe her. Right, HIllary?
I AM SICK!
What else discourages women? Importing millions of 3rd worlders whose culture has no rights for women.
This will not make campuses less safe. It will however, make them more fair. You need to read the memo carefully and stop being so political
He's just here for the votes
As if coeds aren't discouraged from speaking out enough already.  Campus' will deny, but it is the truth.
It's a crime. Go to the police, not some admin. So ignorant
#CampusRape Who does Betsy DeVos think she is kidding when removing these protections, preponderance of evidence is guilt. @DawsonNutridoc
As applied by campus administrators? So ignorant.
Due process. Due process. Due process. What's hard to understand?
Campuses unsafe? Dem created Antifa w your resistance so they can assault, property damage, attack others exercising 1st Amend!
@realDonaldTrump @GOP hatred4 @BarackObama w/revenge putting Americans' young people at risk N campuses across this Nation! Parents get Mad
This administration is pure evil.  Sub par human beings
If campuses are unsafe that is a matter for the criminal justice system not school administrators.
Who in the circus has a son who ran afoul of the law?
Do you know what keeps campuses safe. Law and order not hearsay. If you are in college you are an adult. Take responsibility for your life.
Moron we have a constitution and due process. You are unfit to be a human being. Get your Antifa terrorist son under control and shut up!
So your against "innocent until proven guilty"?  Did you even read why they are changing it?
Moron Timmy!

Obama Rules BROKE the LAWS!
The point of this roll back is to discourage high ed for females based on fear of rape. Don't be fooled. Evil lives in this GOP.
She should never be in charge of our future generations education
So Tim
THIS makes campuses more safe? 
http://deadspin.com/girlfriend-of-former-usc-kicker-says-school-railroaded-1797468166 …
Even if they are lying?
I cannot believe how vicious these people are.  They don't care about anyone.  Just vindictive behavior.
Trump administration attempts to destroy all that Obama made good & decent. #Dotard
Colleges shouldn't be involved in running their own court system.
This administration is systematically eradicating rights for ALL minorities. Sickening.
I don’t get it. Are they just intent on getting rid of anything @BarackObama and @JoeBiden did? This is dangerous and mean.
any man accused of rape should be immediately executed.   Due process is for fascists.
THANK YOU, Sen. Kaine!  I know if you were Veep this would not have been an issue... @BetsyDeVosED is an embarrassment on 45 Cabinet.
As a survivor Senator Kaine I can assure you it does.
Oh the cops don't want to take your call?
Has Betsy DeVos ever met a rape victim?
Everything Trump and the GOP do is "a terrible choice." They really hate America, I swear.
Yes, Yes,. Stay on this. Anything I can do to help?
My God!  Every flippin day, it feels like we have to beg for common damm decency! So many roll backs, as they try to flatten rights.NO!
StrategicallyThis is possibly bringing privilege back to the race.. Can't get a descent job registering as a sex offender. Pay attention ..
Sadly, lots of terrible choices being made. Counting on you and others to do all you can....
Yes, Rolling Stone needs more false accusations to write up!
As a college rape survivor, I agree with you completely. Speaking out feels impossible enough, as it is.
DeVoss is truly an EVIL woman! SHAME on her & the TRUMP SHE RODE in on! 
Why do Dems hate due process? Didn't your son get it when he was recently arrested?
Complain, complain
It comes off as GOP/Trump Permissive Pussy Grabbing. GOP totally unresponsive to World Wide Plea of the historical Jan 2017 Women's March.
@BetsyDeVosED is no advocate for Women or CHILDREN.  #SWAMP
What we have to focus on is justice. For all parties.
You can do that without ignoring due process.
Really? How about focusing on the rule of law...how about focusing on protecting everyone.
Once again, you are playing politics instead of doing right by ALL your constituents
What is the rationale for this? I don't get it!
BS.  How bot the men that have been wrongly accused.  How many reports went to prosecution? Shame on u
We have the PussyGrabberInChief now...it's a whole different world re how to treat and respect women
Yes. So DISCUSTING "low life".
Is it the super rich parents of these assaulters? That's what motivated this right?
