are you shocked he lied again? He has other problems comrade....
VP candidate Kaine in November "Hillary will be the next President "
We can't expect our President to know what is in the bill he is pushing through. He is a leader, not a reader. #VA10
he's no leader, he's lost, clueless, thinks he is king, mentally ill
amen he is all of that and more.
I tell my friends in the VA06 in the mountain vernacular "Y'all been took". This is a victory for all. Let us make ACA better.
wish the bill had passed so we could dump Obama care.
So many lies, so much time to golf 
What a shyster Trump is.
give him a chance or help him. Obama destroyed things in his eight years. Just look at where we are at good look
Thank you Sir for fighting for us.
@fash10 yea he also said he was going to stop Obamacare in its track. Well that didn't happen
Trump is sure full of himself.  He has to go.  Keep on him! So far he has delivered nothing! SAD!
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan: Be honest, this is a Congress problem. Who has guts anymore?  Ben Sasse is an up and comer.
@BenSasse: Senator Sasse, keep speaking up.  Authentic and truthful. Unlike other politicians.
he is a pathological liar and a danger to our democracy..IMPEACH
and yet the D's don't want to reach across the isle
he's a pathological liar
You warned us, Senator. You TOLD US EXPLICITLY that you cannot believe a single word that comes from Donald Trump's mouth.
@RememberObama they had to "pull out" because they had no "plan B"
Thank you for standing up EVERY. SINGLE. DAY.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan: As usual, split along party lines which many Americans don't want. Swamp needs draining.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan: I don't see where any Democrat has tried to fix Obamacare's problems. Why not?
you must be really happy, that thanks to the ACA, we still have skyrocketing health care!!! And no end in sight!!!
counting on your words...
I'm proud of the GOP for not caving in. This was a very good experience for them...
lies, all lies
well, we still have it. GOP failed!
should ask Trump if he and his family would enroll in Trumpcare. Oh wait his daughter-in-law is expecting Maternity not covered!!
he's a pathological liar.
Trumpcare fail! This RN is so happy for my Medicaid home care recipients!
see what we got? NOTHING!
still waiting....
does he have any clue what he's doing?  No.
I guess he isnt the CLOSER he bragged about being
#DonTheCon
Hahaha. What a joke. @POTUS and the GOP are big timer failures.
Trump doesn't care about Us! He's ready to Roll right Past Us! The IDIOT! #LOCKHIMUP
Have you seen the article bout Mayflower Hotel mtgs. Between Trump, his campaign, 4 US ambassadors and the Russians? I will post
Obama back when-keep your doctor, keep your plan, save $2500yr - What happened to all that? I know, U didn't read it. @NancyPelosi
Didn't believe him then, and I believe him even less now.
more of his lies
lies, lies and more lies!!!!
Perhaps we should have insisted that he actually provide some details of his plan. That didn't seem to matter to his supporters.
Tim you're surprised this man lied how silly it's all he can do.
I'm not even surprised; @realDonaldTrump has broken virtually every promise he's made up to now, this isn't any different.
Trumpcare = Death Panel
his lies shouldn't surprise you
Heil Timmy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haha he lies every time he speaks
That quote says more about you who do not want that.
@realDonaldTrump Trump is such a liar!
Please stop calling him that, Mr. Vice President.  Only one person has earned that title and she's not him.
Donald where is the better, cheaper and accessible healthcare you promised. If you cannot give healthcare for all them leave ACA
who knew it was so complicated??? 
Trump lies don't you know. He's a crazy man rich get richer and richer
greed is ruining us, we need to put a stop to all these fat cats that just want more.
I feel a lot of people will be without health insurance with Trump insurance I was able to have health insurance with Obama care
@kevin_powell Lies!
@realDonaldTrump mmmm hmmmm trumps a liar 
he's a compulsive liar, please impeach him and get him out of office. Along with that stupid vice-president.
guess we need a new senator
Are you sure? #45 is such an eloquent speaker,I feel like he might have said-very very less "expensive"& very very more "better".
would have happened if you guys would have voted for it
Donald Trump is not a legitimate president. The LIAR IN CHARGE. People do not have respect for a Liar.
We all knew that was a lie.
Yup, he sure did.  Now it's all threats and bluster because he didn't deliver. M
So called President Trump was a fool in January, and he's a fool now.
how is the Senate holding him accountable?
it's called Medicare for All
yea, well he's a big, fat liar!
@robertfreedland why is everyone so surprised? He has lied since day one starting with crowd size
everyone can keep their doctor price will not go up! Trump or Obama?
@POTUS @realdonaldtrump Today, we're going to kill over 25 million people, because, you know, they're poor.  #EVICTIONDAY2018
he didn't specify who it was going to be less expensive and better for..
I certainly did not believe that then nor do I now. He's a liar and not very good at it.
@thereal_hair Trump lies. I think more and more of us are starting to understand that each passing day.
I have insurance, pay $500 per month, and a $13,000 deductible.  Can't afford to go to the doctor.  What good is this?  
Lexus' for everyone
to be fair, he lies every day. All the time.
it was pure bullshit!   All he says and does is pure bullshit!
yeah, add it to the Alternate Facts chapter 
ok so where is it? Or is it just too complicated for you Donnie?
the majority of us knew he was full of B.S.
just one of his lies
It's going to be so easy. Then it was who knew healthcare could be so complicated
hhhaa it's just trump like honk
he lied?!?! Really? No way!
Another Alternative truth!

I know right? WTF is this trash they are trying to pass??
AHA! :-/ @timkaine
and then he turned it all over to Ryan, who obviously cannot do the job of covering all Americans that need it.
maybe that was before he discovered that "Nobody knew health care could be so complicated" #VoteNoAHCA #ResistTrump
when does he ever mean what he says? He is a liar
Timmy, let me say president Trump has the American citizens in mind. Because money grabbing vote whipped politicians don't. Funny.
no he didn't say free nobody expects that did say less expensive if this were family feud you would have a X and buzzer
. Concused about free statement... Just prefer we work together to fix problems with ACA..not perfect but better than being offered
someone commented that he never said it was free nobody expects free
He's a dunce
to borrow from @AdamParkhomenko "repeal and replace Trump"
web of lies!!!
Yes he did, guess he forgot he said it. Dementia?
Kicking "The Least of These" to the curb and running for re-election waving "Jesus" banner. We will rise up and vote them out!
i would laugh if it wasn't so sad
Does anyone believe Trump anymore? phhhh.
so he will sign single payer healthcare for all Americans now?
easier said than done Mr Pres
we know he lies. Impeach him
Trumpcare is a massacre not a bill!
How is taking away essential services a "Health Care Plan" Where's the Insurance Market info  etc. Three Basket BS
wasn't the rest of the quote: "it's gonna be great. Believe me." ?
He's a #conman .  Plain, simple, no other ideas capture it better.
except we are not.
Thanks for your work!   @realDonaldTrump lied to us then and continues to lie to us now.   #Sad and a complete #Disaster!
@zotan220 this makes it so. It's a choice to pick what you want. He didn't say it would come free lol
So he's 0-3 as far as truth in that statement alone. #TrumpLies #TrumpsterFire
maybe he meant car insurance.
Medicaid should only be for people with disabilities not people that are abusing the system.
definition of insurance isn't Medicaid. That's government hand out.
a Senator speaks about a President in this way and doesn't fall of a window?
we made a good progress in your country, but so much work remain...
but don't despair. We'll teach Donny how to handle it.
it should be called ( NoCare Healthcare)
once a liar always a liar
@POTUS Too bad that is turning out to be just ANOTHER LIE by the ORANGE ONE
Questionable whether this can be achieved
How much longer can we afford this president wrecking government and American global leadership?
he said lol under his breath.  We just didn't hear it.
More of his lies!  He can't tell the truth on anything; he is a pathological liar.
He lied!
that is what 45 said but that is not what GOP bill offers.
He's rolling back all the protections: Healthcare, worker's rights, financial, environmental, etc.
apparently he lied.
Liar-in-Chief
Daddy always said when something sounds too good to be true, it probably isn't true
Tim Kaine "I now introduce the next president of the US"
Lying POS. Tom Price is emerging as my all time worst villain.
you should've been in Whitehouse w/ @HillaryClinton if not those devils. But I still want to say u two deserves our love&respect
ah Senator, I thought was "fake news"..... seems like a load of BS to me. #conmantrump #ineptPotus
Hot air from day one. He didn't even know what he was talking about. Humiliating "leader." Billionaire bone head.
MAKE HIM LIVE UP TO IT - Of course he lied about just about everything else I am not shocked
@LisaKBromley *cough* BS*cough*
I have a nice bridge for sale in Brooklyn too
if his mouth is moving, he's lying..
hahaha
He will say anything.
Did anybody really believe this?
our president @realDonaldTrump is a liar & crook misleading all voters. This HC bill will hurt voters & help wealthy elite #aweful
Replace Obamacare with something 'really terrific' evidently means a health care plan without essential health benefits.
@realDonaldTrump 
He lied....again
#fakenews #alternativefacts
we already knew @realDonaldTrump was a liar. That has not changed.
IF CBO was overly optimistic on ACA, why isn't anyone asking whether CDO isn't so on AHCA? Could be many MORE w/o hc and MORE cost
Get those impeachment paper's started. No liars or traitors in the WH.
Thank you for being an advocate for all of us and continuing the fight on this farce of a plan!! #trumpcarenocare #resist
well sure once the freedumb caucus gets life defined as a pre existing condition
reform ACA. No repeal.

@realDonaldTrump liar liar pants on  #notmypresident
Problem is, we didn't get his definition of "everybody." #KeepACA
Used car salesman.
Ditto
well his credibility has been in the sewer now for the past month..this is not surprising..DOA in the Senate!
Old news. Focus on defeating the Deathcare Plan
@imwithher61 better for him, he would get a big tax break.
The only way to have done that is go single-payer, with pricing controls on pharma. That was never going to happen.
45 is a BAD used care salesman.
President Trump yesterday: "HONK HONK HONK! WOO-HOO!" #TenFourBadBuddy
He's a lying pig.
That is NOT what we are getting. Help watch out for the "common" man/woman.
if he keeps repeating it again and again, he believes it will happen.
you're not surprised that this isn't coming true are you? The rubes that voted for him stand to lose the most. Stay on him!
where is Dem outrage. Dems are too quiet on healthcare AND Nunes. U all are too quiet
Ah, our Liar in Chief
"If you like your plan, you can keep your plan." "The avg family will save $2500 a year." Sound familiar Senator?
