It would allow cheap low-quality plans onto the market that could discriminate against people with preexisting conditions, seniors, women...
It aims to push healthy people onto junk plans, leaving only the sick or at-risk on ACA plans—essentially destroying the insurance market.
What’s the end product? Families could pay even higher premiums to get care. More discrimination of those who need care most. More chaos.
Im soooo sick waking up each morning knowing Trump is Commander in Chief of the Free World.  Soooo many reasons why.....
Do we still have a legislative branch of government? It's hard to tell. Where are the checks and balances? He is out of control.
Trump doesn't understand checks & balances! So many Executive orders being signed!
Barack Obama signed a total of 275 executive orders during his two terms.
Barrack what ever he done it was for the people.
Explain how the women raped by Harvey Weinstein were helped by Obama legitimizing him by having his daughter work at Weinstein's company.
Explain how his daughter working for a large, powerful entertainment conglomerate "legitimized" Harvey Weinstein?  Back to Moscow with you.
Leftist #VirtueSignaling has been completely obliterated by #HarveyWeinstein. A sitting US President placed his daughter in danger for $
A sitting US President (45) places our whole country endanger for his petty ego.
Every tweet Tim Kaine tweets is TRUMP TRUMP.  Mr. Kaine you need some serious help.This obsession, hatred on this level is sick.Instead of hatred,jealousy could i suggest love,prayer?
Donald Trump is sabotage

#Putinbot
You wish boi
Actually I don't, bot.
Opening the ability to purchase insurance across state lines is sabatoge?
I worry about the large mega insurance companies squeezing out the smaller intra state insurance companies with price fixing and killing competition.
That can happen in any industry, no use losing sleep over it with just health insurance
You better worry about your juvenile son. Talk about sabotage. You are the embarrassment of the Democratic Party and that's saying something
Somebody loves Stacie. Stalker Putin Bot
Me too. Hopefully, not a stalker Putin Bot.
Can you tell me what is even in it b/c no one has said... 
MURDER is in it. Legalized government genocide
Please explain..
Isn’t that illegal?
There aren’t too many people in congress we KNOW (or have dam good reason to believe) are honest. Thanks for being one of them for certain.
@Rich_893 it's immoral
Why you guys do not have the same insurance options that you imposed/signed for we the people senator!
Hey loser. You were in favor of that fraud we have now so I would not talk if I were you

What it really is... TREASON.
Please help us#impeach45
So if I, a healthy individual, buy the  catastrophic plan that fits me,  I'm sabotaging Obamacare? 

Ok. Now how do I blow it up?
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
Can't break it down further!
The have the House appropriate it into law. Don't blame Trump for you wanting to skirt the Constitution.. its you job not Trumps
obamacare was a disaster.  If u don't know that u have been living under a rock
No sh*t Sherlock.
Like you've done anything positive to fix?
Since it's inception the ACA has not been mathematically/financially sound and your party has done nothing to fix it. That's sabotage.
You had years to fix the ACA and all you did was play identity politics while the middle class suffered. There's no high road for you here.
And Trump calls himself a Christian. If there's a Hell, there's a special place waiting for him there.
Its not just 45, its the Alt GOP gang around him. These people are not the GOP, they are monsters tearing the USA apart!
You had a chance at turning it around and you blew it
Well, duh
And it’s #Deathcare
And tactic is attempt to bring Dems crawling and begging so he can get his f--king walk.
The number of terrible Trump facts I read today are staggering.   Solution: Get Trump the fuck out of the White House! #Trumpmalignantcancer
Let me break it down Obamacare is a wreck like you your Antifa son and the entire democrap party.

@POTUS #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25th45
Mr.Grinch, u know as well as I do the funding via EO was unconstitutional.  Do not argue then if Trump funds wall by EO
and what are we going to DO about this attack on us? What ACTION should we take? I appreciate your tweet..but need to see ACTION! #wewilldie
Corporate Industrial Sabotage, truly threatening the security of all Americans. Enough! This Mad Man must be stopped, yesterday! #Resist
No, this is Trump's Marie Antoinette and "let them eat cake" moment.
Tru dat
Idiot immy
No dignity, no empathy, no honor, no wisdom, no decency, no common sense, no integrity, NO LEADER.
Americans deserve better.
That's not complicated.  It's all too easy.
You demonazis spew your lies and say anything to try and keep your slanted narrative alive. You OWN obamacare because you rammed it through.
Without a single republican. So you OWN this disaster that is what is truly hurting americans. Tell the truth for once in your life Timmy.
No Timmy boy it's not sabotage it is helping americans to have the ability to get health insurance across state lines to get the best care.
Payback will be sweet!
I wouldn't expect anything else from a corrupt individual trying his damnedest to appear normal; when in reality he is against USA
It's not like the ACA premiums were going up triple digit percentages prior to him being elected.  Oh wait.  116% in Arizona last year.
Well said
Poor Tim. Still thinks that the American people are s simple as his most ardent followers,lol.
#DemandTheSamePlan
Decided 3 things-1)DJT is soulless 2)This is ALL abt the 2011 Correspondence Dinner payback to Obama 3) DJT's racism (re: Obama)is SHOUTING
He wants to negotiate wall funding for CSR Funding.
Let's suppose we can prove Trump's sabotage kills people. Can he be held liable for manslaughter?
Interesting. What do you call the Democrat health care bill passed without a single Republican vote? 
@realDonaldTrump is leading the death squad for poor Americans
So it should fit you perfect then, the Shit you did!!!
#25thAmendment
It's because he doesn't care.
mr.trump is for the rich. health care is for the poor. thats why prepent president wants to abondone healthcare.
Every executive order even the ones he hasnt done a dog and pony show of have been sabotage,GOP now owns the death of millions
Plain and simple. Rise up people n vote in 2018 to get elected officials to  fix this .
His entire existence is sabotage
RETWEET AND RESIST
Its time for the 20 million person march on Washington D.C. shut the city down show them we value or healthcare and  not going to loose it
Oh hell i forgot they would just be fake citizens
It violates Trumps oath and constitution. President is obliged to execute laws faithfully.
Trump's healthcare plan is premeditated murder.
No, @dnc & its leadership circus has sabotaged the American people for decades! @POTUS again in 2020!
Timmy, Timmy, Timmy, who let you out of the corner? Go spend some more time disciplining you Antifascist son before he gets arrested.
I just keep seeing whoopie Goldberg in color purple saying until you do right by me everything you try gonna fail he better quit playing
Yep!
I can't stand it...I know they planned it....We gotta set it straight ..this watergate
But at least it constitutional, unlike what the Dem have been doing.  Do your job and quit whining
This man think that his trips to his weekend golf at tax payers expense is more important than people that has paid into Social Security for years are now dependant on money now being paid but the Government used our Social Security money to fund the wars in Iraq & Afghanistan.
Gee those dumped off their employer H/C can afford insurance again.
How is he getting away with using an EO to work around legislation?
Just like the ACA sabotaged healthcare?
Succinct, but accurate.
Holding people's lives hostage should be impeachable
“Shut up and sign it, we’ll write the lies later!”  Was the sabotage!
I can put it in fewer letters: It's murder.
aca is dog . What’s your son up to, ?
Nice Health Care system you got there.... it'd be a shame if something happened to it.
Yep, pure and simple
But you guys intentionally wrote it to fail.  You're just pissed you won't be in control to force single payer.  Suck it up buttercup.
Associate subsidies with poor minorities, turned out most it goes to his most loyal supporters, who literally will be dying in his defense.

you lost and you are a communist.  Go away
...signs exec. orders because he can't get anything done...oh how the tables have turned for the Hypocrite-in-Cheif. That's not fake news
President Obama signed 26 executive order his first year, Trump 50. TRUMP said previously he's get away from exec. orders and that Obama...
Sabotage?  No , it's a life raft to people that are drowning in Obamacare!!!!!!
Mother idiotic statement form the king of hypocrisy. Trump just allow millions of hard working Americans to get real health care.
Democrat word of the day -> sabotage. Just fix the problem and stop playing victim. signed - the american people
Don’t let him!!! Please, please, please don’t let him sabotage our health!
He doesn't do complicated. That's actually why he's doing this. he can make his base happy and not reveal he has no idea what he's doing
I think you understate the case. To some of those who depend on the ACA, this amounts to a death sentence. It's murder.
.Not what the democratic idiots did?  Go beat up old women with your son
US is now a failing state. So glad to be Canadian. I've never paid a hospital bill in my life.
It WILL DISCRIMINATE!!  JUST wait and see or not.  U snooze u lose.
Trumps EO Will Cost All Americans More Out of Pocket for Healthcare, Without Increasing Hourly Wages To Pay For Higher Deductibles & Co-pays
#25amendment
REPEAL AND REPLACE the GOP!!
Exactly what U/dems have been doing...sabotage! Oh wait that's "resisting" or it is obstruction? All u dems have been doing all 3. Shut it!
So... giving people a choice is a bad thing 
He's playing with people's lives. Only the HEALTHY,  WEALTHY and WHITE will SURVIVE THIS REGIME!
If you edit something, you then take ownership of it; why isnt this #trumpcare ?
So if I live in NY buy my ins in ALABAMA are my medical rates covered at Alabama rates when I'm being treated in NY
Again let me tell you what I want you to think while I still own your 100 percent government dependent ars.
Its also not legal.
Here's why;
The wording mentions Obamacare, NOT the ACA. Technically, and legally, there's no such thing as Obamacare.
What else is new?
Isn't it treason to deliberately sabotage the law of the land, especially by a sitting president? He took an oath!
Please explain how ONE MAN has so much power? I thought our government had checks and balances to protect against a lunatic?
Sabotaging sabotage fixes it.
TRUMP HAS CAUSED NOTHING BUT A CRAP STORM TO OUR MOST IMPORTANT POSITION  OF OUR COUNTRY. HE NEEDS TO BE IMPEACHED AND LOCKED UP!

It's appalling. Potentially 7 million low income Americans will lose coverage.
Trump is now a dictator. He doesn't need congress. Congress is finished. Trump thinks he is ultimate power. The US is now a dictatorship
Tim if you guys in congress would just do your jobs, that we pay and elect you 2 do, maybe things would be differnet, 7 years, 7, 2 fix it
Conning his way thru this health bill.....
Maybe people should have a choice, that is what freedom is about, if they want it fine. Tyranny tells people what they should have.
Is there a Beastie Boys song that would best describe it?
"sabotage" DNC word of the day.
@timkaine You better believe it.  Being someone at the forefront of this issue with the folks at @HealthRosetta , there is zero fix in the EO.  We can fix the issues and just need a platform to speak.
Pure and simple..
ITS MURDER

Sabotage was when Congress did NOT create Annual Budgets in those years after the creation of Obamacare. Appropriating correctly YOU didn't!
My husband is a two cancer survivor- we are terrified that should it rear it’s ugly head again we will have no options. #HelpUs
Thank God! Issues need addressed by the do nothing congress! Get to work!
I think that listening to you is sabotage.
Of course it is. And it is time we act, as a nation, to get #RussiaGate out of our White House. Call, email, every hour. #Resist.
No doctor will see a patient with Trump's bare bones plan. What are you doing about it?
No doctor will see a patient with his bare bones plan. What are you doing about it?
Pay or die
Yep! Now get with other Dems and start talking about SOLUTIONS! Too much focus on criticizing vs. positive/good ways to help us #time2stepup
#DoSomething #DoAnything #FIGHTBACK
AND while he dismantles Obamacare he will BLAME it on Obamacare.
My prayers go out to hundreds of thousands of Americans who depended on the ACA.
another way for rich to hurt poor. keep them sick & uneducated. Blame POC. Poor vote them back into power. Classic.
its willful homicide!
Unnatural obsession with Obama
#strange
Can someone tell me if there are ever CBO scores on executive orders on healthcare?
When is this madness going to STOP???
The Democrats need to make sure everybody knows that when health insurance prices rise it's because of this sabotage
Retweet everyday during open enrollment & also post on your Facebook page!!
And what is Congress going to do?
No. Obamacare sabotaged health insurance for millions
Sabotage like Bernie Sanders' primary campaign ....or....?
Just more in a long line of the same.
Mr.Kaine call for IMPEACHMENT MARCH
Yes, it is sabotage and the ppl who will be adversely affected the most is his base.
Fking liar
I Agreel
He picks up the Healthcare program officially called #Trumpcare by executive order of #45 . Just like all his other orders, he owns it now.
What can be done?
Are Republicans okay with this?
If and when base wakes up, they may be unhappy.
What are you going to do about shutting down #DotardTrump's EO? All I see is this is nothing more than loo paper anyway...
And before I forget... #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll! Trump's the reason to NOT rely on private healthcare... 
Still sore huh...?
Seriously, can something NOT be done about him? He will either break us or start WWIII and kill us all !  Something needs to be done ASAP!
Obamacare sux, just ask anyone who's been coerced/forced/extorted into buying it.
And treasonous. He is deliberately jeopardizing the lives of American citizens. #Impeach45
Just another example of his Racist attack on President Obama. 
Discrimination is illegal.  Prosecute Trump ASAP 
after passing this.
Thanks Grinch!
I call it genocide...
So let’s start filing the lawsuits to quash it!
Unlawful & insane.
"I'm only signing it cos it costs nothing." Donald Trump's words when signing his EO to gut the ACA. #25thAmendmentNow
Exactly correct.  What are we going to do about it?
#25thAmendment
-Your son is an #AltLeft #Communist that is trying to #sabotage our entire nation. Why don't you call him out for #Treason?
if only @VP hadn't reminded him to sign it . . .
TY SENKAINE. Let's give him a reason to resign. #AFFORDABLEcantbeexpensive
Its even simpler - It’s evil!
With Trump’s new Healthcare Executive Order- If I like my funeral director, can I keep my funeral director?
#25thAmmendmentNow #25thAmmendmentNow #25thAmmendmentNow #25thAmmendmentNow #25thAmmendmentNow #25thAmmendmentNow
Nope. Those authorized to act under XXV are on board with going back to the world of "Sicko."
Well it’s a good thing all of his voters are rich and understood he was gonna screw over the less fortunate first class #asshole #bigot
It's time to take him down. This big brat needs the smack down of his life.
What are you doing about it?? Sabotage = criminal act of sabotaging a law.
my premium doubled in 2014 and 2016 before Trump and I now have a 4500.00
Before coverage. Obamacare already murdered ins. 
