Somalia Explosion: 

• At least 231 people killed
• At least 275 people injured…
Absolutely Tim and not a word from @POTUS  so sad!
@BuzzFeedNews in the time it took to tweet this 250 babies have been murdered because of your policy's !
@BuzzFeedNews we should send the ones here back to help rebuild, it's the least we could do.
I'm sure Trump will blame either Obama or HRC for this one
How bout we just point the finger where it belongs>>>>islam.
What 'bout #Benghazi, boo?

And not a tweet, uhm I mean word.
Praying for our brothers and sisters may God give you strength
Boy the ignorance of hate is alive and well. Remember your hate when another white Christian male, goes on a shooting rampage.
Thank you, Senator. This is a tragedy that demands a comment from our elected officials.
To do what?
That means getting rid of the #AltLeft #Democrat party of hatred & division. You guys morphed from kkk to antifa & now Nazi...
We need to get rid if the dictator occupying our White House
Hey Timmy.  Which God are you praying to?  Ours or theirs?
Great idea. Planes leave everyday.  Maybe you and your family should go over and help. #we are not the world police.
I only saw this on twitter and in the @nytimes. More coverage please!
Thank Mr. KKK
Prayers change NOTHING
Talking to yourself in your head won't make those peoples lives better.  Real action will
@BuzzFeedNews won't be long before this happens here and we're worried abt kneeling...  Our politicians, all, suck.
And start by giving Iran nukes? You're a hypocrite and fraud.
@BuzzFeedNews 
Why do we have troops in niger..no reason for the usa to be involved. Bring them home..

Sad news.  Wishing for change
Its not just "terror" its ISLAMIC Terror and no, you are not doing anything, liberals are actually supporting islam in the US...
America is NOT the world police. But in the spirit of Diversity let's encourage every white liberal to move to Africa it'll #MAGA .
All you want to do is work together? Since when? You fight our administration daily
Then name the terrorists and the leading state sponsors?
.Did you do the same for the victims of worthless woody?
Prayers ascending
Horrifying
Prayers and a hope for healing sent. Thank you for posting about this.
We do, but you're unable to work together even to solve domestic problems. Do you believe you could do anything worldwide
If you’re so ready let’s take out ISIS then
Thank you Gov Kaine. Your solidarity means a lot.
The lives of everyone in Somalia are worth less to me than that of a single white soldier. No more pointless wars.
Thank you. Your solidarity means a lot.
God rest their souls. 

What kind of terror was it, Tim?  Probably not “angry white guy” terror. Although it could have been cause by a video. Right, Tim?
Did They Use Automatic Assault Trucks ?
Condem the Terrorist Group ANTIFA and Condem Your White Privilege
Thanks for posting this. Apparently this information didn't make it out onto the golf course.
And not a single word from our “president”. 
Wow. Did they teach you this kind of charity in church?
We should let everyone who wants to emigrate from these 3rd works hellholes do so, so we can have a 3rd world hellhole of our own.
I find it hard to believe that you pray to our God above!!!!
I suppose this bombing is going to be used as an excuse to flood the US with more IQ68 Vibrants from Somalia.

@POTUS, don't get conned.
Ahh? What are WE going to be able to do about it?
Don’t pray. Ban trucks.
Kaine it would be nice if you had compassion for Americans. Instead it's always DACA the Iranians the North Koreans.  Wise up.
No
And this is whats coming to the USA if @TheDemocrats have their way
Pharasee
So sad
My prayers go out to all family.
Thank you for highlighting this tragedy. To God we belong, to Him we return.
