Thanks @timkaine for standing up for all DREAMers, who are part of our big American family. #DefendDACA #HereToStay https://twitter.com/timkaine/status/902269527190319104 …
Besides Tim kaine is a joke. Hillarys biden 
DACA is illegal.  Obama trampled the constitution & laws of America!
Maybe you can hire a couple of them to supplement your staff at home! #bettheymakeminimumwage!
These folks arrived with their #IllegalAlien parents, what is so terrible about deporting them w/them? #DreanAct failed b/c we don't want it
.@timkaine @ACLUVA Every day, I wish you were the Veep.
Tim. How can a catholic support the murdering of $1.6m babies in the USA each year #hypocrite
We are a nation of laws. If they wish to immigrate legally send them to the back of the line
#Dreamers are some of the best amongst us
Worry about the Americans who are legally here - and drowning.Quit pandering and be the leader you were voted to be. This is gross
Perhaps you should talk with Americans that are shut out of jobs taken by illegals.  Where do they fit in your priorities?  At the bottom?
Stop being selfish and look at the issue in Long Island. Many gang members. U believe it in so much then pass a law through leg branch
I don't support illegal immigration, even when y'all try to give it a fancy name like "dreamers"
Thank you Senator
you support lawlessness!! I don't want to pay taxes, but guess what IT'S the law, and I have to,
Obama never should have provided anyone the false hope. Democrats just see additional votes and don't are about Americans
From a dem stand point, the fact that own a pedophile's face really hurt Hillary. Some could say your smile is to blame for Trump
That is not yours or Virginia's job. represent existing  citizens of your state.
Citizenship is a federal subject!!
They are illegle tim not my problem i have my own family to help
And what about all the LEGAL citizen kids? What the hell hv u done for them. Crush the dreamers DEPORT ANCHOR babies now
Way to go, Tim.  I dream of an impending impeachment.
Great make sure u meet with all Vets who dream of a future USA,dream of getting a job,getting an education owning a home while u sell us out
We made a pledge to them & it hasn't been honored
Love the DREAMERS ... California IS totally on board, rest of country needs to evolve. No more white ignorance.
You're being racist hun..
Awesome that such articulate young people have the opportunity to make their country great as we do ours #Dreamers #MakeMexicoGreat
No feelings for the innocent unborn but so much compassion for illegals? #hypocrite
Deport them now and anyone harboring them as well
Why don't you meet with a group of American citizen #Dreamers to hear how being rejected at universities and jobs affect them?
My Daughter Dreamed of going to College, but I Could not afford it, having to pay $900 month for Affordable Healthcare,
Trump's mother came over on a boat as an immigrant , listed as a domestic, or maid for occupation. Would you even be here President @POTUS
Kaine I know. You jerk raised taxes on property so much stupid at a school and you do nothingfor all had a womanizer charge on you from Navy
Keep dreaming cause it aint happening!
Old Man Mitchell wonders if you still dream of losing tye VP run
Reality: they were brought here as anchor kids instead of anchor babies. Used as political pawns by libs. Should return home w/parents.
Kaine & his lib progressive partners put the dreams of American citizens last. USA is tired of their bs.
Yeah taking care of free loaders&not our vets,not taking care ofour seniors or the middle agethat lostjob that you sent to china. Worthless
Tim Kaine what have you done to protect DACA? The answer is nothing!!!
DACA them back to Mexico. Matter of fact - why don't you go with them. GOOD RIDDANCE
Stand up for DACA!
How 'bout meeting with a bunch of taxpayers to find out how DACA has limited their dreams, weakened their homes?

That is nice of you, they probably all voted for you and it's your chance to return the favor
Aiding and abetting DACA is a executive order that @realDonaldTrump needs to change part of Campaign Promise @seanhannity
Nice Times have Changed "Legal way is only Fair"apply for citizen ship
U pay 4 them out of your own pocket.
We have children of veterans, with DNA proof overseas who are not recognized. These fathers want their children here. Pass HR1520 now.
Please tell us how illegals have strengthened Virginia? Don’t tell me it’s because we need cheap labor while wanting to increase min Wage.
Lol. Dreamers. Say the words Tim. Illegal Immigrants!
what is the address so we can notify ICE?
Hahahahah! Nice!
Meet with any family members killed by dreamers? I guess you don't care about those people.
@ACLUVA dream on illegal is illegal read the constitional laws ! Lawlessness will be oppouned !
ACLU big supporter of Mrs. Clinton's running mate Tim Kaine. Remember that at reelection when you don'tsee Nativity scenes at Christmas time
@ACLUVA living in the pandemonium of chthonic deities you still murder babies everyday, and still don't bifurcate illegals
Nancy Pelosi finally denounced Antifa after they tore up Berkeley. Why won't you do the same Senator?
Thank you Senator Kaine for listening and having an open mind and heart.
No daca no amnesty

Instead of worrying about #Dreamers, why aren't you in Tx helping Americans try n get their lives back. No votes from Tx. Right Kaine?
So what, you lost
I'm sure the kids still waiting in line are wondering...
God bless you @timkaine Let's help them realize their dreams. They are our future!
We have children of veterans, with DNA proof overseas who are not recognized. These fathers want their children here. Pass HR1520 now.
Literally taking away jobs from actual Americans. It's pretty sick if you think about it.
Thank you! These are OUR children - they grew up here, we need to protect them!
The Democrats still don't get it. More crushing defeats headed their way.
These are children who grew up here. This is their country - not somewhere they don't even remember! What's wrong with you??
Thank you, @timkaine and @ACLUVA, for hi-lighting positivity today. Likewise @womensmarch!
good.  you can help them all gain citizenship
How many of these kids are ms13 gang members ? How many are vetted ?
Thank you!!!
With my tax dollars
LASSIE GO GET HELP TIMMY HAS FALLEN IN THE WELL.
Read    Very   slowly
Good idea Tim obamacare is doing fine the budget will take care of itself our taxes and tax laws they don't need any attention and Texas?
Send those dreamers to Texas to help. Let's see how much they embrace American values
Where Sen. Kaine? Let me just make a call and get some (ice) guys over there, check everyone out. Dreamers&DACA they won't mind. On the way.
What say you about your son's terrorist group?
Rigger of the primary. Sanders 2020
Just keep on dreamin u antifa thug keep like at VP Pence &think that could have been me
Senator, what don't you get. Follow the law!
Hence why Dems lost they stand up for foreigners who violated our immigration laws they couldn't give two shits about struggling US families
Fact illegals directly take resources away from American families. For some reason this is ok to the Democrat Party.

