if you know they're having a meeting on health care, why can't Democrats just show up? the worst that could happen is you're escorted out.

If i recall history, you monkeys did they same when you slammed the AHCA down our throats. Sorry Cylon traitor
"Monkeys"???? Shame on you.  Disgusting deplorable
lol they are a barrel of monkeys.. just like you call me a disgusting deplorable. No shame, shame on them for stealing from the people!
I call you that because of your use of the term MONKEYS.
I call them monkeys because they have made a mockery of our governmental system.
How on earth did this pillock get elected! #idespairofyou! #whatwereyouthinking #45isinsane #impeach
Plain wrong, just like Trump.
Let's show them at the poll that they can't mess with lives and get away with it.
You are aware (I assume) of who they actually work for. It's not the American People (or at least not most of them):
I think it's time for Democrats to point out who actually owns and controls the Republican Party and why:
Well, we could've had #MedicareForAll if the #DirtyDemonrats would've listened to the people.
And your lying ass colleague @SenJohnMcCain said @POTUS44 and Dems "forced" ACA through when he knows Repubs REFUSED to work with @POTUS44!
I was trying to be NICE since his LYING ASS has an illness. But SCREW HIS ASS TOO! He doesn't give a shit about US!
As a senior statesman @SenJohnMcCain had the opportunity for 8 years to put country above party. He did not and does not. Eff him!
Shut up... you crooked man.
Scared
Wrong. DEMS shut Americans out when they forgot who supports our economy
Whos that
Obama of course! Have you seen this!
If they repeal the ACA, they are killing my friend Julie!
@shawrls it's about morality.
Thank you!!  I have a son with intellectual disabilities and he depends 100% on Medicaid.  He's also Type 1 diabetic
Yet my son has no insurance.
So true.
No tim no its not we are taking our country back
Well senator @timkaine the #TrumpRussia clan  is little by little tearing down the walls of democracy ,they are out of control, thanks sir!
No @timkaine, you started it by supporting ACA  and P'BO'S agenda.
Read history Llewellyn. The ACA was first written by the GOP. It was only blocked when a black man supported it.
Are you speaking of the 1993 HEART plan? Sorta, kinda, not really the same as ACA. Let's leave race out. Repubs, Dems, still based on a lie.
But my race card.
Did you complain when obama did that???
I know.  It is shameful.
So sad that you don't realize what the ACA did to so many of us hardworking families who are now uninsured.
It wasn't a vote to deny Health Care, McConnell was just Budget Reconcilling with a few close friends in a closet. Its Trump Democracy.
Wrong, cruel & especially terrifying for those that rely on affordable healthcare for health issues.  #ProtectOurCare
Too bad the poor, elderly, & those in need of HC arent represented in Congress like big Pharma and Insurance are thanks to Citizens United.
Yes they have the nerve to say they stand for family values.  Which families? The Manson family?
KAINE IS BACKWARDS AS USUAL. HE ALWAYS IS LIKE HILLARY. DEMS DID A NO VOTE, THEY R VOTING NO TO EVERY THING. HURTS THE PEOPLE WOW SHAMEFUL.
democrats want to accomplish what the American people want. Isn't that what republicans are hired to do also??? They will not be voted in
Just swap the parties and you have OCare
Are you out of your mind?? Republicans are the devil hiding behind guns and abortion!!
Dems passed OCare on procedure with zero Republican support
Why hasn't Trump been empeeched yet? He is dictionary classic Narcassistic.  If the election was tampered with why no new election??
Dude, you should be President Kaine. You and all of us as Americans deserved that.
Trumpcare is Deathcare!
It is100% wrong...so you teach your kids to play nice together, why can't the two sides in Washington do the same? Set yourselves as example
Just watched a show re people w/the name Hitler, the shame and hiding, @GOP will be in the same boat..hiding w/their families
Wrong wrong *
AND their evil plan Is working! Now what huh?!?
U have a fine memory how the GOP was treated when obamacare was passed how does it feel
I agree Senator. Wish YOU were our VP. I voted for you and love your wife.
Repeal and Replace!  The ACA is destroying the middle class and has to go.  You are stealing my retirement Senator with these premiums
Repeal and Replace!  The ACA is destroying the middle class and has to go.  You are stealing my retirement Senator with these premiums
Sounds like like Obamacare.
Senator Kaine, you are correct.  But I believe the American people will push back.  We're shell shocked right now but we will overcome this.
No different than what the Dems did with Obamacare. Stop blaming the other side. Both sides are to blame. Grow up and work together. 

I don't understand.  A week ago Trump was all upset it didn't pass.  Said he would let Obama care fail.  Now all of a sudden it passed?????

So is your open marriage!
My job in managed care is now on the line, but more important, my members may suffer greatly. I'm sure @SenJohnMcCain is receiving A1 care.
Thank you for saying that.  This vote and the process have shown they are only accountable to their by donors, e.g. the Koch brothers.
Scared
Are you still around?????
#HealthcareMarch 
We won't be silenced by OUR government. 
@SenateGOP won't listen to phone calls?
Then can hear us in person.
Kill The Bill
Are your pants on fire yet, Tim?
May all those who voted for this bill endure ten times the suffering their vote causes. #Shame
Bet you don't have that Over priced ocare  that real Doctor's want Evan take.worst insurance ever
@SenJohnMcCain How could you? So disappointed in your actions..you get to keep ACA and we can't!
@realDonaldTrump GREED over people.. how can you be so full of so much hate? You don't even pay taxes!
Astonishing @SenJohnMcCain votes yes when he's getting the best care 2 save his life yet knows this will take away that option for millions!
I believe now that Republican senators do not work for American people. They work for 45. Fire them all.
Tim, a guaranteed way to get into WH, back & fight for single payer healthcare.
What are you prepared to do about it?
#KillTheBill #killthe #shame
Like you and other Dems shut out Americans in 2010?
No, Obamacare has been hurting a lot of American people to cover insurance for about 2%. That's plain wrong #HealthCareVote
I know hun ugly harmonica ty
Hypocrisy at its finest! 7 years ago there was absolutely no transparency and no debate.
Thank you for looking out for Virginians. If only the POSGOP would listen. #resist #SaveACA
Yes therefore please vote no. Lives are at stake. Please do what's right
Thank you, Senator, for doing what's right!
Speaker Pelosi says we must pass it too see what's in it! Better call here dude, she's having a twitter meltdown! UNHINGED! CHAOS! and junk.
because public opinion has changed.
How can @SenateGOP & @SenateMajLdr hold a vote on a bill that hasn't been published yet & no hearings held?
Wuit listening to people like @timkaine try reading for yourself  they vited to bring it to the floor for debate
Try speaking a little more passionately. The time for "It's plain wrong" has plainly passed.
Was it wrong when the dems did same?
They've shut their own party out of it too.
Yes and if the Republican think that we are going to forget or forgive they are just plain STUPID!  2018 we will show the GOP by FIRING THEM
They are destroying our country and harming our people one day at a time. Its not about country, its all personal gain in the GOP.
false, they are replacing it then you have the ability to approach with Amendments before it goes into Law! #youlie
I'm  really, really worried. If not  to day scared sh*tless
Exactly, all they care about is a win - the people have no meaning to them.
Thank you, for fighting for all the people who can't fight themselves.
So, let's get out there and win enough seats so they can't do that. Tweeting...not effective. (Shuts off Twitter).
as democrats did 7 years ago by themselves with no conservative input

Bingo on the button there.
The good people of Virginia were wrong when they elected you to represent them. They are quite embarrassed.
Are some things worth mentioning ?

What healthcare plan are you on?  Democrats don't want Obozocare for themselves but shove it down our throats.  Hypocrite & fraud.  #MAGA
Republicans are following the lead of your example of doing the same 8 years ago with all the dem closed door hearings.  It was wrong then.
Is that anything like passing it, so "we" can see what's in it? Either way,  I'll bet YOU won't be on whatever plan you elites pick 4 us.
Sort of like you & your party did with ACA?
And healthcare providers.@POTUS @realDonaldTrump all for a petty political win
And it's not "Repealing" I tell you it's "Stealing Healthcare"   Period.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP are flipping off voters in any decision on HC by not having the people they voted for to represent them to be there!
Can you help us?? Please!!!
Amen Senator.  Let people choose- OCare or Trumpcare.  Then you could see what is fact vs fiction for the Republicans.
The Russians did it.
If it is so wonderful, why is it a secret? Pretty sure 45 brags any chance he gets.
You mean vote to murder ....
You have no clue .
I'm not pregnant .......also I had insurance when I was and paid for my own child .
How many republican votes did Obamacare receive? How much input was taken? How many Americans can't afford it now?
That doesn't matter. As long as this "Virginian" maintains his seat.
if they've done I'd understand why, it's obvious dems will say no to whatever they propose so what's the point of involving you?
Universal Heath Care for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
Nope I'm not a Socialist nor do I want that junk
Vote no.
Just like the Democrats did when they passed Obamacare.
You mean with months of debates and hearings where they ultimately gave Americans patient protections?
Remember this?
Thank you for fighting for my Son from WV, my mom is your constituent and appreciates all your doing
Hey ass lick the dems will get a vote. What's in place is the failing ohbumbo care.
Well now that you've told us about what the GOP is doing..What are u doing about protecting us from their hatefully Bill?
We all need to March, call and resist. It is down to We the People....not the Senate.
Wrong, verging on criminal?
.  We need to pass it, to see what's in it,  nancy said, remember, timmy?
Keep fighting for us Senator
Well Scarecrow, call the White House ask for a meeting with President Trump and offer you fix
Democrats shut themselves out by stating they would not help and be 1000%obstructionist.
We are gonna to have to actually RISE up and take back America!
Bring it

Not to mention how well he takes care of himself! Over ½ this country is obese.Rather than education, he eats KFC for the cameras #impeach45
I WILL FLY FROM TEXAS TO DC JUST TO SEE THE LOOK ON ALL YOU LYING CRIMINAL DEM'S WHEN YOU HAVE THE CUFFS SLAPPED ON ALL OF U!U HAVE NO CLUE!
I'm so angry! This is criminal. How will we ever ever come together as a nation when they pull sh-t like this!!!
Well, Tim, I'll be interested to see if you vote for MTP and then join in debate. If you don't, then you weren't shut out.
Totally agree!
DO U REALLY THINK PEOPLE BELIEVE U?THEY DON'T!U CRIMINAL DEMOCRATS LIED ABOUT RUSSIA HACKING THE DNC 2 BAD 4 U KIM DOTCOM HAS TESTIFIED!
I'd like to see you put the same passion into protecting citizens from criminal illegal aliens. Will you vote for Kate's Law?
There are far more domestic criminals than immigrant. What do you propose to do about them? Sell them more guns?
If the 1% had any compassion or sense of fairness, they would refuse this "gift" from the republiCONS.
I'm not holding my breath
McConnell is breaking the Senate for trump & kochs. This is not governing...it's tyranny! Please continue to fight. Thank you!!
This Admin, regardless of who's in charge, is removing politicians with experience, replacing them with incompetent billionaires. Scary!
how is this being allowed?
Partially because the GOP is tying civil rights into an unrecognizable knot for a biased court system to toss away. Partially apathy.
And keep war dialing before the mid-terms, go to protests that are covered in the media, use peaceful means. It's worked before.
You mean like the democrats told us how great the ACA was? You can keep your plan and your drs? GFY! #RepealTheACA
It's abomination of democracy
Do they not want to work for the government anymore???
Regardless of political beliefs, I think we can all agree that it's very big of Donald Trump to forgive John McCain for being captured.
Thanks! I just spit coffee at my monitor, and peed my chair at the same time! #impeach45
Haven't you learned your lesson yet Tim Kaine majority of the people don't like you that's most of the country go away
Sir! Pls consider new legislation to require all candidates for POTUS to pass competency exam & psych eval! We need this now!
Then the last guy would've be in trouble.
This behavior by .@SenateMajLdr & the amoral .@SenateGOP is disgusting! The despair the administration is causing is criminal!
YOU
WILL 
BE
DEFEATED

(End transmission)
Senator, senators and representatives should have the same health care they wish to impose on Americans.
Every single American must remember this when they vote.#ISISRepublicans
Run for President in 2020. #we need some honesty
Funny. I don't seem to remember your complaining about this back in 2009! 
Call it stealing. The GOP is stealing your tax dollars to give to big corps who will keep it instead of making health care affordable.
They say the corporations need tax relief, but neglect to mention the profits they stash offshore.
And that their profit margin grows DESPITE providing more affordable coverage plans.
WhT a liar you are. You did the same thing with failed Obamacare
Don't like tasting ur own medicine?
Sound familiar
Stop it Tim!!!!' Please go away!!
Force a reading, Tim
Thanks for having our backs @timkaine!
Truly a divided country
It's all part of Trump's "Grab America by the Pussy Plan" & the @GOP is onboard with it.
U r a joke and all of America is laughing at u.  U Remind us of another joke who tried to run for president several years ago.
They don't care.
It was the Democratic Party that was low enough to force a proven SCAM of Obamacare on us. You wanted to monopolize our med. insurance.
But they keep getting away with wrong. It's terrifying. Feels unsafe and hopeless.
Take heart, Michael. We're still one Nation, under God, indivisible. Trump is good at peddling Fear. And Hate. Otherwise? He's useless.
Yeah. Right. Kinda like how all those Republicans voted FOR Obamacare in 2010. Oh, wait. NONE did.
ROFLMAO. You mean like you Losers did with the ACA? Quit whining and look for a new job. You've got to go!
ANTIFA commies dressed in masks beating people in the streets is just plain wrong.
Keep fighting. The American people know who the traitors are.
Yes the left who caused all this. The left owns OC and it's failing
Lack of transparency is a real pain, isn't it?
Democrats are obstructionists and are hurting 300 million + Americans.
its becoming a trend
Please don't let this happen!
OC is failing and has been since 2011.
Wrong Dems shut out the American ppl when they lost the trust of working Americans regarding OC. Get a grip Tim.
Because you weren't willing to work with them
