BREAKING NEWS: Fox News has learned @POTUS will end "#DACA" program as it currently exists. 
His word means nothing. Too bad so many folks are conned by this bad guy.
Instead of moping around, let's find solutions!
Let's punish the children for the acts of their parents.
Sending children to a place they've never known to speak a language they've never spoken w/ people they haven't known for their entire life.
I'm retired military, so my older boy has moved. Military culture is pretty much the same regardless of the base.
Dreamers had no say in coming here illegally. Why can't we let them become legal?
No Senator, it's actually not extending Obama's illegal actions
It's a universe of mixed status families, parents might be undocumented, or might have a #TPSStatus and the thousands of young #DACA people.
One common factor in all this is as you said Senator Kein: #SeparationOfFamilies, it can be solved, but there isn't political will to do it
Doesn't Congress have to weigh in on these terrible, hurtful decisions??

Time to impeach Trump for High Crimes and Misdemeanors.
If lying to Americans to gain public office isn't a High Crime I don't know what is.

Daca should be stopped as it reads

But he is heartless - shown in time and again. We r all doomed to put up with his crap for 4 years. Nobody can stop him!
Gonna be 8....#MAGA
OMG I sure hope not! #resist
#EndDACA Time to wakeup #Dreamers!
I hate that man. I can't even pretend to be tolerant anymore.
It is highly unfortunate that by not enforcing the law previously, families were encouraged to put themselves in that position.
No, the parents who brought them here illegally are to blame - no one else.  #rule_of_law and #American_Sovereignty
CONGRESS BETTER STAND UP FOR DACA BECAUSE WE WILL BE ROCKING THE VOTE COME ELECTION TIME. #SUPPORTDACA.NOW
we need to remove this man Tim soon
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Terrible choice.
As you once said Senator Kaine: Immigrants are people of #FaithWorkFamily not too different from many Americans.
Trump has no heart, soul or conscience, he is the most dangerous man in America and his supporters think it's about the loss, NOT! BlessUSA!
Disagree
Please, Senator, how do we end this terror?
You move.
He is heartless but he also just doesn't care.   @realDonaldTrump is #theworstpresidentever
#ImpeachTrump
We must save our beloved country!
Whatever trump spews is a crime & whatever he does is a crime & wherever he goes should be considered a crime scene
That all makes perfect sense.......
Why??? Isn't anyone in Congress doing anything to stop trump from ruining our Country?
Dude don't even know what he plans on doing yet.
What you can expect a person has no compassion and heart for other people...sad thing is that person is our country leader.
Does anyone really expect a liar like Trump to ever keep his word? There is no personal profit in this for him.
How many people get turned away from education while trying to legally obtain a visa? Parents knew the rules and came anyway.#notourproblem
GO HOME LOSER http://TOMMY.YOU  LOST GET OVER IT,GROW UP.
@FoxNews Why such hate against those from Central America. They are American citizens in all ways except documented.
Since when has 45 cared about anyone else?  He is heartless.
Blah blah blah. Go away
He's just undoing anything Obama did.
His word is worthless!
That's Fake News!
Tim Kaine is describing the very prerequisite of any trump decision.
How can any American believe anything that comes out of Trumps mouth . He doesn't know or remember what he says .
All he does is go back on his word. He either lies or he can't remember what he said. #DonaldisDemented
Attica...Attica....Attica....
Continuing his streak of hideous behavior. @timkaine please do something.
There are no words...
Broken Promise!
@FoxNews @POTUS aww well wethink their family should go with them ! Logic kaine ! Send them all back.
You're assuming he has a heart.
#FAUXTUS
.register them as Republicans and they can stay
So he says he needs to keep campaign promises (like the bullshit wall) but he's fine ditching others that relate to actual human lives?
How can Trump take away the DACA promise to thousands of contributing members of our society? Trump WRONG again!
Geez Louise. When will his parochial selfishness end?
Impeach Trump!!
Like he cares.
Has he ever created anything destroy destroy destroy is that all he's good for
Not right
What will you do about it?  We need action, Mr. Kaine.  Action.
@FoxNews @POTUS this is the what obama expects from you !lawless lies ! Daca is not constitional !
I wonder what's going on with the Russian probe today… He's trying to distract us from something!
Great decision by Trump!
Oh and don't forget, you need to acknowledge your White Privilege
Just Fix Obama care, and let's get a better tax Plan,
Fox News...has learned...Hmmm...smells of Trump-Stank...
He has no honor, therefore his "word" is meaningless. When we be rid of this sham POTUS.
It would be heartless to bring your child into another county without following the proper channel, sentencing them to a life in the shadows
Ok hoss. I voted for you when we lived in VA. But duh! Why are you  surprised when a viper bites.
He is a heartless worm, and all in gov't are culpable in this heartless action for doing nothing to stop him.
He doesn't care -- it was an Obama executive order -- it is the ONLY reason he intends to end the program -- he has no idea what it even is!
Zero sense. He swore he was only going "after criminals." These are innocent youth who were brought here for a better life.
What reason other than to hurt people?
No. Please no.
Trump has no heart.
@realDonaldTrump has lied about EVERYTHING he promised to his base during the campaign...
He doesn't care about his word. @realDonaldTrump lies all the time & sets away with it. It's all a game to him & how much money he can make.
This - like everything else Trump does - makes me sick. He nor his administration are human. Talk about deplorable!
It's just a mean thing to do.There is no reason 4 DACA 2 B ended.We all know he is doing it 2 keep his Alt-Right base happy. He needs them.
American Children are Dreamers also.What about their needs & DREAMS?
How is it possible that this nightmare of a prez can get more disgusting every day
This is reprehensible.
Shamnesty. That's what I call it.  Dump it!!
It also gives Americans a chance to reclaim the jobs and prosperity these illegal aliens have taken from us. Put Americans first, Senator.
"As it currently exists"
I have never seen 1 man destroy so much good. Trump is destroying America.
Make no mistake: he gets off on causing as much misery as possible. He's by far the vilest person to ever hold the office.
Dacca is a terrible idea half of the dreamers are adults lying about their age. Put In our public schools putting our children at risk.
The protests will be in full force on this. Expect backlash #FakePresident, we made a promise to these children.
He has no heart.
I am overwhelmed with the depravity of this man.
@FoxNews @POTUS Why should this campaign promise be any distant?
Absolutely amazing how hateful Tim is. Perhaps that why his son is in trouble with the law.
Yes, they are doing it anyway, because GOP are totally out of touch with real american citizens...There are more of us than Alt-right.
Wonder how he would like having his family ripped apart.  Obviously he needs to have them close! All to prove he can undo Pres Obama
You mean back on OBAMA'S Word Timmy which NEVER should have been given in the first place about this
Should have NEVER been allowed in the first place unlawfully done by Obama.

 We are a nation of laws enforce them. You advocate violence.
Yes!!
But when has he kept his word so far? This is heartless without question, but at this point not surprising by his standards. Its just cruel
Reduction in debt, border security, regulations reduced, immigration slowed down, VA improvements,.....just saying
Who is surprised ?
Senate needs to shut him down and freeze his destruction while he is under criminal investigation
People who break the law are separated from families every day in this country. Why are illegals treated differently? #EndDACA
#DACA is just another unconstitutional edict issued by the liar & fool known as @BarackObama. #EndDACA
Please support DACA for Dreamers.  I do.
A nurse I used to work with wasn't able to renew her visa and committed suicide last weekend. This is what this is doing to good people.
So sorry

Anything President Obama has done and is working, the donald wants nothing to do it and will end, repeal, or just bitch how bad it is.
Why must @realDonaldTrump continue to kick this nation in the gut when we are so vulnerable? We must value & protect dreamers period!
He does not care! He is #trumpTRASH
Russia Russia Russia....this is a distraction that hurts so many, so that media doesn't keep covering his collusion and how he betrayed US
Stop exploting dreamers in exchange for your liberal votes.why if u care so much did you not help them to do it legal? You r a hypocrite !
He's a liar . This is disgusting
Shame on them. I guess only their family counts...
Only Ivanka counts.
Not to mention, this is a typical Trump distraction, as horrifying as it is, to divert from the Russia story.
Is anyone really surprised he went back on his word (I'd call it lying, but semantics)? All he cares about is filling the family coffers.
Shame on Trump and the heartless GOP that empower him.
What about the children of veterans being kept from their fathers
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @HouseGOP NEED TO DO SOMETHING TO STOP @realDonaldTrump AND HIS LUNACY! #TRAITORINCHIEF #LiarInChief
I don't think anyone takes Trump at his word. He has no core principles & as we all know a compulsive liar.
what "word"? A history of defrauding both customers and contractors proves his word is utterly worthless. His voters chose to ignore #facts
@realDonaldTrump lied about every campaign promise! Do you #trumpets get it yet? Rich get richer, everyone else too bad so sad. #impeachNow
Many of whom are currently fleeing horrific floods in Texas as he plots against them. There is no humanity. We are collectively evil. Sorry
Heartless represents 45. #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Every time Trump comes up with an idea I think #MAGA must stand for Make America Groan Again
trump knows his time in the WH is limited.  He is spending every minute un-doing all that Obama did.
Trump is just so jealous of the Obamas that he has to eliminate any policy/program they implemented. What a monster he is. @realDonaldTrump
The #LiarInChief Chief is turning the USA into a nation that breaks its promises. #SaveTheDream
The global community knows he lies about anything & everything. They no longer rely on America for anything. They are rebuilding alliances.
The pitchforks are coming..
The destroyer in chief.
He is a heartless, evil, self centered man his word has never meant a thing!! CRUEL!!!
He has no compassion whatsoever!
Trump's word is useless. He has an agenda of getting rid of anything with OBAMAS name on it.
That's cuz he's the devil, #officially!  So sad for our country & what's becoming. #gopdosomething
F'ing deplorable
Hi Senator Kaine. From a fellow Virginian, do you have more info on what the plan may be?  "As it currently exists" is very vague.  #DACA
His word is worthless. No one should cite a prior position by Trump as any indication of a future decision. He flips and spins at will.
Mr. Kaine, It must be stopped! Trump's tearing families apart.
How can he so this and show his face in texas
Again, he LIES @realDonaldTrump
His actions are deplorable and not representative of the USA that my parents and grandparents fought for. He is heartless #Dictatorinchief
Another heartless Trumpian move. Trump destroys. He does not create.
With all due respect, Mr. Senator, did you honestly think he would keep his word in regards to this?
This is terrifying!
Why , if you aren't illegal
They will NEVER fix the problems in their own country if they just keep coming here! Though u would have figured that out by now.
Trumplethinskin is so desperate to distract us.... sad
He's just evil it's time to find republicans to help impeach him before he continues to harm USA
If I still lived in VA, I'd vote for you 
His heart is with Legal American Citizens. You know those people you are supposed to represent
Families already separated bcuz they come ILLEGALLY &therefore NOT together. DACA let them come-insteadof getting job in their own country!
Just in time for authorities in Houston area to freely deport children of undocumented people while in the midst of hurricane aftermath. WTH
There needs to be legislation codifying these human beings as members of the only country they know upon return to session Tuesday
The cruel SOB needs a major distraction so he sacrifices DACA on the altar of his lawlessness! 
Is it wrong to hope @realDonaldTrump lost even more of his mind and replace #DACA w/ #amnesty? Amnesty they have definitely earned.
This is disgusting. The jealousy/hatred this man has for President Obama has clouded his already questionable judgement.
We all know his word is 
@realDonaldTrump is a cold hearted, jealous, and lonely old man who only thrives off his jealously of Obama. We need to fight back on this!!
Guess their parents should have thought of that when they illegally came into the USA. They can look to THEM to blame, not US!
Yes, Senator, heartless! On the other hand, unless we get Trump out of the WH fast we may be envious of those who left for another country.
build the wall and prevent this from being an issue for future generations #MAGA
I hear @IvankaTrump and Jared are very upset privately

#Complicit
IF IT IMPACTED HIS FAMILY....AND OR BUSINESS

BOY WOULD TRUMP DO ANYTHING...!! HE DOES NOT GIVE A DAMN ABOUT ANYONE
Make no mistake: joining @HillaryClinton last year was a heartless decision just to give yourself more power! #Bettyexposes
And just as ugly is this reversal is payback to Mexican President for not bending to Trump's will.
That monster doesn't care he caters to his racist fans who love him. Just another confirmation of why You & Hillary were the right choice
The only rational choice.
He doesn't care!  If Obama was for it, he's against it!

Trump need leadership lessons.
But is in line with his racist beliefs. When people show you who they are - believe them.
You just broke my bullshit meter .
Senator Kaine, The POTUS will turn around EVERYTHING that Pres. Obama EVER DID!!! Mark my words! He's ruthless!
And while you're counting, try summing up the many thousands of innocents who will be harmed by 45's march of madness.
He "punishes" innocent people when his ego gets bruised. The retaliation is not very presidential. Then again, not very much is with him.
So....typical Trump.
I wouldn't expect anything less from the Grinch's brother.
Heartless is Trump's MO.
We need to grasp that he just doesn't care. Nobody is surprised by this.
Trump is quoted as saying He has a big heart...I just wonder what that heart is filled with, because it is not love and understanding
You can't keep a Country running on love and understanding, especially if you want it to be free.
Truly I tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and sisters of mine, you did for me
Render onto Caesar what is Caesar's. Jesus recognized Gov. and Gov. means laws.
I think you had an extra "s" there - should be just "mean laws..." and I am glad you only answer to Trump and not a higher cause...
That's pretty judgemental coming from someone who quotes scripture. Typical leftist hypocrite, exposed in 3 tweets.
awww that is mean...I don't feel typical - I feel Special!
I see you feel that you are better than everyone else. No big surprise.  I imagine your hypocrisy knows no limit.
Stand with laws and legal immigration! Parents please bring your kids in the legal way so we can stop these problems before they begin

