It would have been a smart move and a productive idea but the @GOP appears to not want to work on making healthcare better. 
Insurance Tim please it's not health care it is insurance we can't afford and you dimms gave us that #UGotNothing
thanks for your support!
I'm literally sick at my stomach!!!
Make sure you are near a toilet!
You are a leader Tim. My hope is in the Republic and the United States Senate. I have a bill for you and @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you!
And they blew it!
Democrats have done ZERO to help...only obstruction...
Like you said Senator, "one last chance" before the GOP screws America with political revenge.
GOP needs to go on record & explain WHY: 1. They had 7yrs to craft a bill & this is it. 2. Why the rush to vote on a bill they hate so much
They've only had seven years prior!
This nausea is reminiscent of November 8.
Thinking of all those who have their healthcare hanging by a thread as they vote here....
Denied
SENATOR MY RECOMMENDATION IS MAKE YOUR PEACE WITH THE GOP AND WORK TOGETHER ON A BILL! AFTER AUGUST RECESS!
Thank you senator
مرحباً
Thank you for all you are doing and saying, Sen. Kaine. VA is lucky to have you and Sen. @MarkWarner
They just voted no to send to Committee...
SO grateful for VA's Senators!
Would love to see all senators work together.
Should have happened sooner. Need to work together.
Creepo
Remind them all that we are paying attention.  We will remember.  For the people, by the people.
Vote not and start over with bipartisan ship
DO IT!!!!!
Guess the threats worked @lisamurkowski
This is about political vengeance.  The GOP "healthcare bill" is a flop.
And we should trust this interesting process?
With all due respect to your colleagues: fat fuckin' chance. Why would they do the right thing after spending years proving they cannot?
Crossing my fingers that  we get the vote
This Is Murder! All who vote in favor have finger on trigger! Accountability! @sengraham2016 @SenJohnMcCain @SenBlumenthal @nytimes @maddow
We Need Process We need Public hearings and debate, Americans need 2 know
Repeal repeal repeal
No passage for conference No No No
Please let that be so. This is so stressful on millions..... 
I think they're to self centered to get it right.  They care more about themselves than the rest of the country.  #UniversalHealthCare!
Or #KillTheBill !
#VoteNo They have no real plan to make it better.  Why can't we push pause, develop a bi-partisan bill w/veto-proof majority that helps USA?
What? Why not just kill this bill.
yea leave it to @SpeakerRyan to be bipartisan. Wtf is wrong with you
No on skinny repeal
but hilllarrryyy
Are you kidding me? They will only make it WORSE in Committee. They lie and cheat every time. You know nothing @TheDemocrats
Sorry Tim. DEMs have been OBSTRUCTIONISTS. U say "MAYBE" #Obamacare cld've been better? A flop! Did U keep ur Dr.? Bet U did. Hypocrite!
and where in God's name are the Democrat Senators??? Timmy, participate in the process,.. YOU ARE BEING OBSTRUCTIONISTS, GUILTY OF SEDITION!
Can the Repubs be brought up on murder charges if this passes?  We need wisdom and justice for the American people tonight!
Could the GOP have made this process more confusing? Using all the smoke and mirrors on the public they are supposed to serve tonight.
Wtf man
It would be nice if the GOP would actually listen to the public who they are going to hurt instead of running away from everyone. Sad days.
They will have blood on their souls. I have 8 chronic diseases, 15 medications&need dialysis I work &pay for insurance. I DONT WANT TO DIE
Vote NO on "skinny repeal"
@SenJohnMcCain & @SenDeanHeller -start listening to patients, doctors & nurses instead of #45 #BLOTUS 
Vote NO
Step aside...comin' down fast!
We will remember their votes
Then vote for the repeal.
Give it up.  You are losers.  You've let us all down.
They have no power so what exactly do u want them to do they begged folks to vote
Thanks Tim Kaine
Can one of you state -- as vociferously as possible -- that House has invoked martial law and can vote on this without notice?
Nice of you to join us #weakestvpnominee #thedemspalin
No
Do you really think that they stay true to their word to bring it to Committee?  Has anything over these last 6 mo shown them to care?
No. Go write an amendment that actually fixes ACA, review it, debate it, make it better, and then vote on THAT. skinny is a death sentence.
Why is this so hard for them?  Why didn't they think about it for the past 7 yrs. or at least 7 mos.?
Wtf are you talking about man
Hold the line we are up with you..hold the line/ Stay Strong.
No on this

The skinny repeal is a disaster. Even republican senators have said so. You're trying to re define health care in only 8 pages!
Tough to watch.
U cryin'?
Thanks 
