We deserved you as VP! I see a future  and you're the President  
FIGHT ON, Senator Kaine! We are depending on your leadership!!
That's what Obamacare did and you were fine with that. At least be consistent with your "outrage"
Get mad like we are. Start fighting fire with fire.
What is your Rx for insurance and healthcare?  Rob the middle class?  You are not even on the ACA which is not affordable in any manner.
Agree, the fight continue
SINGLE PAYER, SINGLE PAYER, SINGLE PAYER, like every other country.  Americans deserve nothing less.
LIES, LIES, LIES Timmy, just another snake in the swamp that needs to go down the drain. You are part of the problem Bud, a pro politician!!
Thank you Senator Kaine. Please don't overlook how many GOP have taken Russian dirty money. Got to step up bipartisan patriots!
American families don't deserve to be treated like peasants. It's not up to you to "vote" to see who lives. #GETOUTOFMYHEALTHCAREYOUIDIOTS
You mean the Democrat way right Tim
Thank you, Senator. We will never forget.
This is the truth
the only way to get good healthcare is to have congress share the same care that they're offering us.  That will get them working.
Vote NO skinny repeal! Save pre existing conditions! No lifetime caps! @RareDiseases Vote NO! @lisamurkowski @senrobportman @SenatorCollins
These crooks act like they don't know Y HC is not affordable.  They have been bought by healthcare providers & lobbyists.  Vote him out!
After U get 330B from drug czars, take back the monopoly U gave them against Medicare.  2003 Med Mod Act congress gave Drug indstry monopoly
if you want to fight this, introduce more than 100 amendments like Senator Merkley has. #filibusterbyamendment
Exactly.
Sen McConnell said "if you've got an idea, bring it to the floor. " Here's your chance. #bipartisanship
republicans its the Democrats who brought obamacare into healthcare ! You just don't get it timmy the gig is up
Or take 20 million's healthcare and call me in the morning.
What kind of drugs are you on Kaine get real and stop pretending act like an adult maybe your son will to. Shame on you
You're talking about ACA right?
Yep your supporters deserve what they got but remember all this obstruction when you want more taxpayer $ to keep ACA going R's may say no
Opioid epidemic, caused by drug industry, will cost HC 45BP.  Punish them w/punitive damages, 330B same as population.
1st to control controlled substance, s/b the drug industry.  Instead, they took obscene profits as the population's addiction is epidemic?
What is Republican RX?  RX stands for drugs.  Drug czars sold enough opioids to medicate every American for 3wks around the clock? PUNISH!
This kind of milk toastery is exactly why you lost the election for Hillary. Please find some way to deal with criminals by not being nice.
i want to know WHY r's feel no remorse! are they sociopaths, each and every one? is it a prereq to be in that party?
The Republicans should let the Dem's crash and burn. Premiums are skyrocketing ins co pulling out. Millions will suffer really nice Tim.
ACA didn't. Raise premiums?
The Knights of the Order of Elephants, aka, the GOP, answer to the Crown. Perhaps we should ask the Holy Alliance of Kings for healthcare.
"Raising premiums...?" Have you been hiding under a rock the last 8 years? What do you think has been happening under Obamacare?
$14,000 annual premiums isn't healthcare.  Its obama mandated serfdom.  Being uninsured would be far better.
REALITY: Obamacare premiums & deductibles have already skyrocketed to point that people can't afford healthcare. Insurers have already left.
Kaine destroyed health insurance/care for Virginians b/c he & the other Dems forced Obamacare on them. He cancelled insur & took away drs.
Kaine's actions show that he believes American adults are too dumb to make own decisions about insurance & healthcare.
Thank you! !
O'care raised premiums and deductibles for millions who can no longer afford preventive healthcare.  It helped NOONE.
That is right, step 1 full repel of O care!
It's not about healthcare at all, it's about control.  Look at Charlie Gard.  That is what you are proposing for the USA.  get out of hcare
yes we deserve the same as you'll have 100% free or you'll need to have to pay 100% of your on same as everyone else how is that for a deal
We should deserve the same health care as congress! What makes them people better than us?
I heard today that GOP is literally not allowing DEMS in private meetings re:Health Care. If this is true, does this not violate procedure?
Then TAKE HIM OUT! Stop stalling! At this point, there has to be SOMETHING to begin impeachment proceedings?? #WhyDelay?
Americans deserve #ABetterDeal not to be denied #ProtectOurCare. @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP #2018MidTerms are coming.
Why are conservatives against the very concept of subsidies? They're against the mechanism of health insurance and it's bizarre
The first two votes today were a ploy to give Senators cover
The only brave Senators so far Collins and Murkowski. 
#skinnybill = House Bill
Yes, But you & the Obama Administation had to stick your nose where it didn't belong Keep your Doctor & Your Plan. Ring any Bells?
They are perhaps too busy worshipping God?
Senator why do you not address the middle class that are getting robbed and paying for everyone else. You libs are a farce.
Please talk about the genesis (history) of why they're doing this unpopular thing now - Americans need to know:
wow! @SenateGOP I get it now
Thank you Senator Tim Kaine! We appreciate your hard work!
Thank you for all you do! We need more people like you in DC!
Thank you @timkaine Plzzzz run for POTUS 2020, we need you more than ever b4🖒
