To fund border wall, Trump administration weighs cuts to Coast Guard, airport security http://wapo.st/2mCRc6q 
failed parent would b trump looks@Ivanka&says he has sex in common w/her&if she wasn't his daughter they'd b dating.
if my dad gave me millions i sure could.
Oh stop with the BS Kaine... you KNOW Mexico will pay for the wall indirectly by a hundred ways it can be forced to.
Trump will steal the money from Mexico and then claimed that the gave it willingly. Never trust Trump!
Stealing funds wouldn't be complete without mentioning the Clinton foundation & #crookedhillary as SoS.
You Republicans are always victims. Just shut up. Trump is the president, he'll be out soon.
is the truth just actually impossible for you?? Apparently.
@washingtonpost @Reinlwapo how much was your sons Linwood's Bail for lighting fireworks and resisting arrest? Great parenting..NOT
This is completely ridiculous. Building a wall against nothing. The biggest "spite fence" ever seen, and at what cost?
I r clueless just like tim kaine and his son co-kaine. Illegal aliens taking jobs from blacks/lowers wages
Exactly
#BlackThumbsMatter
Is the wall REALLY necessary? Those dollars can be put to better use.
yes like funding thugs like @timkaine son? #ARRESTObama #ObamaGate #wiretap #crookedhillary #clintoncrimes
Be clear.... "We" means @TheDemocrats sheeple living in Libtardia....
Why do you lie?Did your son assault a 61 year old women because his father is a fraud?
@vademocrats 3/12/17 I got a call from Obama for money to fight immigration "bill". Is this approved or a scam?
i guess we are just giving them a high interest loan
Go for it! We cannot lose our freedom and Constitution because of Donald Trump and his craziness!
Meanwhile, your son is being arrested for disrupting a Trump rally. Hope they throw the book at him.
disrupting is not a crime.
@washingtonpost maybe your son can go riot & cause more damage to public & private property. Youre a real wonderful role model sir
Your lack of integrity is probably what's wrong with your son. Caused panic w/smoke bombs 2 interfere w/Trump rally.  Arrest him.
Likewise, increased tariffs will pass to consumers - and we still pay for another Trump LIE! Say NO to the wall.
thank you for standing up to the Republicans.
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS !
Lies, lies, & more lies! President Trump, leader in national security, would not detract from anti terrorism or airport security
Maybe Dems should apply for jobs in Mexico or the Middle East, go where your heart is.  It's not with Americans!  Dem Traitors
Finally, a president who puts Americans above immigrant wanna be's.  We don't mind paying 4 wall.  It will B cheaper than illegals
Dems had years 2 fix border W/Mexico. Instead U pilfered funds wall funds, & relaxed immigration 4 illegals. U care more illegals
@JustWhatNowWhy ..agree, scrap the wall.
@JustWhatNowWhy The Coast Guard is essential to our security. The wall is ridiculous.

America wants an answer on how your son avoided charges for assaulting 3 police officers, you and Weird Al put pressure on?
Keep speaking out!!! #thanks
whatever..you/your minions only want 2 disrupt & stall, U can't contribute towards resolution or success, you're ALL talk, go away
Why r u worried about airport security if there is no need for a ban?  Sit back down and do nothing, obstruction is all u do!
yes we need more capital police security due to your son! Waste money on radical fascist Dems! They attack innocent all the time!
need to boost capital security police against the likes of your son! That's ok, you'll get him off! DTS!
@washingtonpost every day it's a new dumbest idea ever.
Tell your Sheeple why you were really in Honduras. Hubs was there in 80. Commie or crackup?
he should get rid of TSA and use that money
have him pay for it and then deduct from trump business
https://www.nyu.edu/about/news-publications/news/2017/march/trump-clinton-debates-gender-reversal.html …
.@timkaine you'd think you'd be happy with $$ being taken from counterterrorism, considering the watchlists your son is now assuredly on
Counting on you!
I agree! But how do we make the Republican majority listen? My rep isn't.
@bgood12345 @timkaine. Is there a video of Kaines son rioting at a Trump rally(march?)..?
What about Russia? Taxes? Don't let @POTUS or @GOP off the hook.
bc they wont pay! And then turn around ajd ask for our money to help THEM w overrun drug lords. Give me a break man.
just shows how utterly ill informed 45 is
This is insane. He wont listen to reason on anything. We don't need a wall!
impeach
Ridiculous!. Congress HAS to fight this.
The wall is a waste of money, hell that money could be used for health  care or something more useful.
@POTUS and his billionaire cabinet should pay for wall + anyone who wants it should chip in too (crowdfunding). NOT me.
great job parenting!
That is stupid. Do not reduce the Coast Guard to build a wall. The wall is stupid!
Insecure airlines and coastal waters to stop Mexicans terrifyingly taking jobs Americans wouldn't do. I feel so safe. 
$20 billion in my and others' hard-earned money going to pay for @realDonaldTrump's folly?! ABSURD!
We will put your name on one of the bricks and have a holiday to honor your contribution
Thank you...
just want you to know that this Virginian stands with your son and his 1st Amendment rights to voice his displeasure..peace
He is NOT calling the shots - Russia is - 
Truth closer on Trump camp pro-Russia influence on GOP platform
http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow-show …
@washingtonpost Focus 1st on straightening out U R son & family.  If U can't manage U R own family, don't try to lead the country!
How is that protester son of yours doing.Raised well we see. Nothing to offer just as most Dems.
@washingtonpost   I am confused. Now airport security is not a priority? The "bad hombres" from Mexico are more of a threat?
.@timkaine Why so much$ 4 Airport Sec? I know, Mexicans came across border 4 airports jobs...no..no that's not it..Hmm it'll come back 2 me
will you be sending your son to protest President Trump on these issues? Will you be bailing him out again?
Did you bail your son out immediately - or let him sit in jail to learn a lesson? I'm guessing immediately
does anyone else find it strange he would cut funding in areas that protect our boarders to fund a 'wall' to protect our border?
plz do all you can to stop this criminal
@jeannienuclear we need a Single Payer Health Care Bill put on the table now and everyone of you Democrats standing in front of it
YES
@realDonaldTrump Who cares about the wall? Just a diversion to careful consideration of what your admin has accomplished
what will you stand for more lies and deceit from you, obama and hilary,  grow up. We as Americans have had enough of you gas bags
No you won't trump , no you won't. Trust US,you wont!
he better build the wall. 2nd most important reason I voted for him. Mexico will pay 1 way or another. Trump does what he says!
Surely, DHS will fight this! I thought 45 was gung-ho on stopping terrorists? If that's so, why mess w/TSA & counterterrorism $$?
so how did your son get out of jail without having any bail or charges?  Daddy make some phone calls to spring Woody?
This is ONLY about his campaign promise fulfillment, even if it destroys the rest.  This is NOT good leadership and the GOP is OK?
@washingtonpost sooo you let your kid riot and arrested! That boy would be over my knee..damn bad behavior that people display
Great parenting senator. Getting ur son off on charges is such a great example. Try raising a respectable child not a delinquent
absurd and ridiculous
@washingtonpost THOUGHT U GOOD MAN FIND CONSCIOUS STOP DEPORTATIONS ICE RAIDS ARRESTS DON'T DEPORT EVEN IN PRISON HURTS KIDS
instead of wasting all your time on Trump. Bail your son out of jail. Trump, Trump. Hello you have a family that's out of control
No way we should let this go lightly! How much more risks is he going to take?
@justincase690 Trump doesn't give a damn about safety. Is he going to make $ building wall?
so outline the plan! To say you won't stand for it is just as lame as POTUS claims to build it!
How many people along the border has said this won't work. Better billions for education and environment.
45 is a liar! My experience with liars is that theydo the most finger pointing to cover their own lies! Period!
@FrancisSadac there are just no words for the insanity
the hell with a wall Just plain stupid
SOOOO depressing his prey din see this as inevitable from the Get! (Conrats re yr son, and he's a babe too!)
all you liberals need a wake up call...stop the drugs, stop the illegals...protect OUR boarders .
WE WILL NOT STAND  FOR YOU. I don't give a damn where he gets the money from...we need a wall to help stop the drugs and illegals.
have you made bail for your son?
Bet yr so proud of your son. So glad you lost & are not 2nd in control of this country; can't even control your own son.
try keeping your thug son under control
Your son was arrested not for for exercising his right to 'peaceful protest' like you claimed, but because he acted like a punk!
@bhsnitzer @washingtonpost That will work BIGLEY just look how well #Benghazi worked out after the GOP cut the security budget
@washingtonpost @Reinlwapo @realDonaldTrump should be in a padded room. He's paranoid and totally insane
Ridiculous.
Absurd, isn't it? Because illegal immigrants only arrive on foot?
Good!
@heatherbelle585 Thankyou!!!!
has he lost his mind?  Senator, when is this going to end?
this is not making us safer @POTUS is lying and smoke screening
Did you have to pull strings for no charges on that piece of shit boy of yours, hwo has no respect for law, property or others.
Why isn't your hoodlum son in jail????
Now that's a sure fire way to make us less safe.
Trump was elected to build the wall. Don't you get that? If HRC said build the wall she would be prez
--Who does this man think he is?
literally the new @POTUS is becoming a PIMP in China! What can be done? 
so he think the #MuslimBan will give him the opportunity to slash national security funding? He is risking our lives here!for a ☗
"We won't stand for it"? @DNC is toothless to stop #meocons, you've learned nothing since 1971 #PowellMemo #ALEC etc
@ClaraJeffery
It's a shell game all right.  They think we aren't watching, but we have to be vigilant! #NoBanNoWallNoRaids

@jyester55 #nowallnoban #notmypresident
Thanks for taking a strong stand against Trump. We need more Dems with your guts.
really. No walk then. Speak up America
This is so stupid !when we travel we want to feel secure and everybody is doing his job !cutting on airoport security is dumb
What??? Doesn't make sense!
Worry about your son Linnewood? He looks like he needs to lay off the weed
@washingtonpost a wall that will do nothing for security vs the coast guard. In know what I pick. #NoBanNoWall
Doesn't this prove @realDonaldTrump is insane? Compromising our safety to build something useless? 
Forget the damn wall!
Thank You!
this is not ok!
we're CERTAINLY NOT standing for violent, wreckless people like YOUR son:

https://mobile.twitter.com/JudgeJeanine/status/839544260882010114 …

#KaineTRULEYisUNABLE
Fireworks in a capitol’s rotunda?  This guy’s dumber than his dad! 
http://www.latimes.com/nation/nationnow/la-na-tim-kaine-son-arrested-20170308-story.html … 
the wall will generate so much money to further the coffers of Trump and his buddies.
who vote for a different candidate?  Good thing you didn't get elected.  We'd live in a police state.
First of all, it's NOT a ban but I guess you need to lie in order to get votes.  Second.  You support your son threatening people
next @POTUS  will be saying that Mexico will pay for our health care.  Instead of building wall why don't we work with Mexico.
maybe you better look at your own son an the problems he caused before you speak about anything else
So Trumptards don't care about airport security or the Coast Guard? Going after a kid?? #ImpeachTrump
http://www.torontosun.com/2017/03/08/tim-kaines-son-arrested-for-allegedly-lighting-a-smoke-bomb-in-trump-protest …
Rediculous
looks like you did a hell of a job raising your son.
please don't stand for it.  We are counting you.
LOL
