Hospital ship USNS Comfort leaving Norfolk for Puerto Rico http://via.wtkr.com/Y9TrB  
Ships like the Comfort, Wasp, and Kearsarge typically deploy from Norfolk within 24 hours of a disaster. Why were the delayed over a week?
I was working on that piece of shit in 2015, the upkeep is terrible. Every time they crew up, auxiliary steam leaks and electrical problems
Should have been sent 10 days ago what incompetence!
@realDonaldTrump not leading. How does 45 lie and attack mayor of San Jaun?  Morally empty and corrupt. How do you attack those suffering?!!
Thank You, Puerto Rico needs help.
It's about time! Americans are in crisis and the response has been inadequate. More aid is needed immediately!
Write a check!
Hate, hate and hate is all the left can contribute to the country...so sad...
You would be all over this, without question
It’s about time
More than a week late. Glad the ship has sailed, but cruise lines were more responsive with their ships. Shameful.
All well and good. But that this wasn't done immediately after the storm is a national disgrace.
As you sit back in your chair with a drink...what hypocrites...not like the man has nothing else to do..Korea? Snowflake
About damn time
We have to act with speed and remove Donald Trump from office. He's now attacking victims like Mayor of San Juan / politicizing this. Unfit!
It's about time! Shame on Drumpf for this travesty! He and the entire GOPteapublicans must go!
Do something for #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Finally
Thank heavens for you and Hillary
It's about damn time!  @realDonaldTrump , your leadership is disgraceful. You shouldn't be in that office but you are, so RESIGN now.
Hate hate and more hate! Thanks for your contribution to a tragedy, I’m sure the victims really appreciate your efforts..
Southern Cameroon
The President is doing an outstanding job, just stay out of his way and quit trying to make political points on a tragedy...
You and Mark do a great job for our state...
It's about time! Compassion & responsibility - something this admin doesn't have.  Probably a set up for a photo op
Speed would've been a week ago.
What are you doing about it.
That ship should have departed a week ago #PuertoRicanLivesMatter
These damn Hispanics in Puerto Rico who think they are American citizens are a bunch of whining idiots. El Loco Donald says.
She should have been in the region 2 weeks ago, this is a disgustingly late response.
@WTKR3 The cable news networks' chief medical reporters are doing more to help than the Feds.
Although it's a bit late but better now than never People are desperate for help !Thanks VA for helping out!
Why is it only leaving now sad
@WTKR3 I don’t think your idea of “speed” is the same as everyone else’s.
@RepDonBeyer @RepAdamSchiff hey guys, when did WE become a third world nation. In spite of @realDonaldTrump we should be able to help PR.
Senator Kaine please help Puerto Rico. It is a full on disaster. Ppl r dying & more will die PLEASE help us. Help Puerto 
Why wasn't this ship there a week ago?
What is happening in Puerto Rico is shameful and heartbreaking Rep
Gutierrez. To see a grown man crying for his people! It's about DAMN TIME
What took so long!!!
@WTKR3 thank god finally full speed ahead
They should have left days ago 
We need general Honore to be the leader sad and trump going golfing this weekend
Just leaving 9days later
Grateful they are headed there-may they travel safely & deliver hope, compassion, & medical care. Thoughts & prayers w Puerto Rico. 
Sad it took more than 7 days to move .
@WTKR3 
Thank you @timkaine and @MarkWarner for helping make #PuertoRicoRelief happen.
Please support Senator McCain's bill to Permanently take away the Jones Act from Puerto Rico.  From a VA resident.
Need ur help! Mayor of San Juan on tv 3 times 2day BEGGING for help. LT Gen Honorė laid out exact plan 2 help days ago. Potus/vp ignore me
What took so long?
Great...Now step on the GAS
Virginia, my favorite state always.  I'll bet if your racial constituents wanted to change the name (you know what I mean) you'd be on board
Well, it's a week late for that, don't you think?
This should have happened a week ago. What the hell? #PuertoRicoRelief
You of all people shouldn't tell anyone to help anyone
This needed to be done at least a week ago. Trump waited too long now peoples lives are at stake.
Hurry!!!
And special thanks to @realDonaldTrump for making it happen. #MAGA
Hey, what's that kid of yours up to these days?
debieron haber estado allá el fin de semana pasado! But we are More than happy they're on the way. !! Please speak out louder..
Some helicopters might help. I think the military has some.
Finally!!! Should have been there already!
This story doesn't add up.  Is this the best we can do?  Lots not being reported here.
Wow, only 9 days later!  Would have expected it to be ready as soon as storm passed!  Guess trump didn't want to chance it!  Fake trump.
Thanks Senator as a doctor who@lost office and on behalf of puerto rico for your compromise
Should have been on the way 8 days ago!  No excuse
Good news but a week too late
They should've left 9 days ago not today! People are dying blood is on the governments hands! Impeach Trump now! He is unfit for anything
Speed would have been 10 days ago.
Should have left a week ago. They knew what was coming.
ABOUT DAMN TIME!!!
Thank God.
Really glad they are going but the idiot waited way to long to send them!
I agree, ship should have been ready before storm and gone out as soon as possible after PR lost power. Too slow!
Better late than never ? Is that the case ? So sad ! #heisnotaleader #notright #lousysystem #PuertoRico
I wish it shipped out a week ago!! People are suffering and scared and desperate-NO ONE in 2017 should he worrying about this
How come the governor of Puerto Rico is unable to lead the response to this crisis?
FEMA says millions of meals on ground. 3.5 million people X 3 meals a day = not enough
It's about time!
we send this ship to help at the drop of a hat everywhere else around the world..but for Puerto Rico part of us? took > week? unacceptable
But, tRump says Puerto Rico is a good news story. Ask the Mayor of San Juan.
Glad to know you are there in PR helping out...
Why did it take over a week for the ship to leave???
Don't forget to thank the Merchant Marine
That Antifa Son of yours likes to fight have him enlist Timmy oh never mind he has to go one on one not 3 on one in there I know he won't
It's about time!  SHAMEFUL DELAY BY TRUMP ADMINISTRATION
Thank you for supporting these US citizens in their time of need. We know they are running out of time. #HurricaneRelief
Happy to see it go...but will it be in time...5 days? this should have happened days ago.
And thankful for @HillaryClinton pushing the RU plant in WH to act @AP @CNNnewsroom @Trump @Cabinet @mkraju @Acosta @jaketapper @AC360 @GMA
just now leaving??  How can this be?
Now? Why not days ago?
Too bad this didn't happen a week ago - could have saved lives. But, for now on to PR as speedily as humanly/mechanically possible. Godspeed
Why is it just leaving #day9
tRUmp is incompetent that is why.
Don't You Believe that the USS COMFORT should've been sent to the People of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands Before #Maria hit?
YES---that is how we "normally" operate.  What is happening to our country?
Thank You for quick response to my question.
#finally

 RED ALERT: GOP BUDGET REPEALS THE REQUIREMENT FOR A CBO SCORE BEFORE A VOTE  https://twitter.com/davidckamin/status/913825150080110592 …
We also need to act with speed on death tax
Why did it take so long?
TAKE FAT HILLARY WITH YOU, SHE NEEDS TO SWIM ALSO
WHY DON'T YOU SWIM TO PUERTO RICO AND HELP OUT
A little slow being deployed, but less than 3 day time from orders to departure, outstanding! #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoRelief #PUERTORICOUSA
Oh my god,  I do wish you were our Vice President, Sen Kaine.  Thank you.
What took you all so long? As a Katrina survivor, I want to know. I'm furious.
He's been pushing for this as was the military, let's not condemn them. They had to get the order and approval from Trump, the idiot
Oh, I know full well. Tim Kaine is a good man. We need all of them to tighten the reigns on that white house Gila monster.
I want to thank with all my heart the USA (whatever amount we have right now) for your help in Puerto Rico. We need more help.
Military*
The CiC should have ordered this ship to be ready Before the storm. Trump's lack of leadership is exceeded by his disinterest .
And trump's lack of leadership and his disinterest are exceeded by his utter  ignorance.
Crew includes SIU members. We're proud to be part of the effort and eager to continue helping.
what a LOSER dude you LOST the election why still show your face HOW MUCH MONEY DID YOU WASTE BRO?? what a sad sad loser CROOKED TIM LOL
Warp Factor 10 please.....
you are an ignorant troll---Puerto Rico is part of the U.S.
Is your son still in jail?
Why you talking stupid while Americans are dying? Bottom dweller.
