
The bill isn't done. If Dems would work with @realDonaldTrump instead of him needing compromise with #FreedomCaucus , we'd have good bill
They don't even try to educate their people. It's cuts the growth of Medicaid in 2024. Its sad really
Can you ask the Turtle why we weren't allowed to see it early but lobbyists were? What's the upcharge to see legislation early?
Senator, I honestly can't understand ppl who actually thought he was gonna keep his promises n change America 4 the better. #HealthcareBill
Vote against it
Keep fighting for us!!!
Tim, please stop labeling the middle class as "wealthy"
disgusting!!!
Eliminating government subsidies is not taking away healthcare. Focus on reducing premiums.
Hold fast
Hey pal. We are not stupid. Reducing the size of a mandated increase but spending more than prior year is not a cut. But keep losing
No recess until the work is done. Pass healthcare then move on to tax reform. You need to stay there until it's done.
Senator Kaine, I'm assuming you will vote against it, then? I hope? Thank you for consistently standing strong for your constituents.
Senator, we depend on you to fight for people like my daughter, who was born with Marfan Syndrome and now has seizure disorder. #RESIST
Heartless and un American -
Money rules huge unwarranted & unjust tax breaks  at the expense of decent & humanity towards those handicapped
Thanks for standing firm Tim for all of us the the Republicans disappear so they can go give away everything to the rich folks.
@sunny Let's try this ALL OF CONGRESS MUST COME UNDER THIS HEALTH CARE, LOOSE THEIR PAY FOR LIFE, ONLY RETIREMENT INCOME IS SS ETC
Show the specifics. Need to prove where "giant tax break 2 wealthy" is 2 win this. Can't just SAY IT. @maddow @CTDems @MarkWarner
Trumpcare: $800,000,000,000 taken from poor to give to rich.
Donald Trump now starts to kill Americans for money, true?
Unlike the huge tax increases and IRS fines imposed through ACA?  Both are disasters. Stay away from unconstitutional legislation.
Tax cut for the rich and hurt the 98 %
what are u doing to get repubs to vote no. second time I've asked
Need to get 3or more republican senators to agree with you and vote against st it
Don't let it pass!
Awe man!! Crazy!
And Planned Parenthood, Sen Kaine? This bill cuts it altogether. I stand with you. Don't you stand with Planned Parenthood? #IStandWithPP
It's all about Winning.

The little guys didn't realize when Trump says "winning" he means the !%.

You Voted For It -> You Own It.

Enjoy!
Go down to that protest & stop this injustice. Bring your voice, your body, & cameras!
Sign the damn bill
I am not wealthy. Obamacare made my taxes higher. It will cut my taxes. Dems think if u have a job u are wealthy.
How is shooting down a hostile plane to protect our troops illegal? You being a sore loser and putting troops at risk is unacceptable!
Wow. You must be quite the speed reader.
how did you read it in a minute? #HealthcareBill
What are you doing to stop it?!
Just answer one question Tim:  Is your family using Obamacare?  Congress kept their old plan.
You're the biggest purveyor of lies since Hillary
They're not cutting it they're stopping expansion that ribs the rest of the country of hard earned money . Get educated or shut ur trap
People with half a brain know that! Trump supporters even lack that!! Security Guard every poll! They cheated again Tim! I'll show you 
Shut up timmy
If this pass is not only will over 20 million people lose health coverage I think the health industry will collapse
It'll probably cause premiums for people with private insurance is to go through the roof....THEN we'll see a death spiral
Right wealthy go from 39% to 35% in tax cut and someone like me making 45K a year will get relief. I can't wait 2 vote against you in 2018
Hillary might be POTUS now if she had made a sensible VP pick.
This bill can't pass unless republicans don't care about there jobs
Only a Democrat believes that reducing the size of an increase is a cut.
Rolling back obamacare taxes is not a tax break.
Nothing new from the GOP  -they don't care about poor or disabled Americans
Yeah, that's why nobody in the middle classes voted for him. Oh wait.... they aren't fooled by more dem dramatics.
.@johnthune: "In terms of Medicaid spending - federal funding for Medicaid... will continue to go up every single year."
1Timothy 6:10 For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Shameful-bills for rich.
Stop this killer bill! @SenateDems !
I don't understand why people that have everything and are rich why they would need a tax break....
Here we go!! It's d SEQUEL 2 #Obamacare which needed adjustments & let's see what happens now cuz health care n general is complex!!
All Dems chirping the same thing. Must be today's talking point
- everything is negotiable , Timmy !
Please help stop it Tim!
can you guarantee the Democratic leadership will grow some brass balls and GO AFTER THE GOP to stop this attack on Americans?? #NoMoreWords
Heartbreaking watching on @MSNBC police removing elderly some on oxygen outside @SenateMajLdr office
Disgusting/discriminating bill will hurt people all across America.
have you read it?
How disingenuous!! Shameful and disgraceful fake news!!!!!
.........................
Read and digested that whole bill pretty fast Tim. You and the Dems have been crying wolf for years.
Quit spreading lies has all the left does is lie lie lie
