Thoughts and prayers, right? That's the canned American answer to shootings in this country.
At this point in time..prayers and thoughts are what we can do...then at appropriate time..we can focus on event
We've spent enough time thinking and praying and doing little else. Scalise's voting record on gun legislation says it all.
Please stop
Wait so Mexico took away their citizens guns and they have more gun homicides than the US and Mexico has less people? Lol that isn't good.
Are you really so gullible to believe fake stats just because they're in a meme?
http://www.gunpolicy.org/firearms/region/mexico … try researching...
They aren't banned in Mexico, they are regulated.
We are Americans. If you attack one of us, you attack us all. It's not left, it's not right. It's American. Violence is not the answer!
That's NOT what the Left teaches.
You're wrong and not being helpful.  Be helpful or move on please.
The Left has been unhinged since the election. They rioted at the Inauguration, they beat up innocent civilians on college campuses.
Millions & millions have been marching & resisting. Peacefully. U have two unrelated incidents to try & hang that claim on. Epic fail for u.
Let's face it, the Left are the ones who are being violent. ANTIFA are baby libs. We know how much you hate us. The Left has made it clear.
Sorry about the shooting but do these guys EVER work? Baseball on a Wednesday? Everyone else is busting their ass working.
Yes some sadist had baseball practice at 6:30-7a in the morning the shame that they weren't working 
These are grown up men paid a fortune. The country is a mess. Yes they should be in the office working during the week.
News flash, only the POTUS is the only one in gov here in Washington that doesn't work 7 days a week. Sit doen
Complain about them going to a party. Don't do it for a practice at the butt crack of dawn
Most people can't do this because they have to WORK HARD all day. Not our millionaire politicians. It's summer camp all year.
You called for fighting in the street ass ...better hide indoors
Trump has put a target on everyone the country has never been so angry in my lifetime! Prayers to those involved!
Check your facts!! Read below!!
He's just the creepiest looking and sounding guy.
yes he is!! Reminds me of the villain in batman movie, the Joker.
Put the ole horns behind his & color him red and I'm sorry 2 say that's who he reminds me of.I don't want 2 think that but he looks like
I can see that too 
It is you Senator who encouraged liberal whack jobs to "fight in the streets". #TimKaine #SenatorTimKaine #AlexandriaShooting #Alexandria
Is this the resistance in the streets you called for?
Are you INSANE! Fight 4 gun control? No way, if this would have been EU - total massacre...
No..there would not have been a gun in the first place!!
WTF are you talking about. I think every congressman/senator should be allowed to carry a weapon if they so choose. @realDonaldTrump
No Tim and @dnc put a target on republicans backs! His son was arrested for just that reason he belongs to ANTIFA ..right Tim!
Whike publicly spreading lies and vitriol through hatred of POTUS. Not the gun, the public hatred shown GOP by Dems!

Stop praying and do something about the state of this nation. You should be ashamed to cash your paycheck "prayers go out to ya" hah!! #fckr
You're not your.
The Dem Governor already did at the briefing
U are a very dangerous, loathsome & vile person. Go take your fake & insincere tweet 2 your liberal followers since they feed off of lies.
I'm not understanding how ppl thinks it's the Dems fault when they want gun control??? And to talk about Hate...pot calling the kettle black

I guess you shut her up. It still amazes me how uninformed some people are. #Ignorance
Nah didn't shut me up...I just know when you argue with a fool that makes 2 fools #ignoringnotignorance
@Illuminatas did not argue with you. He merely posted an @MSNBC headlines proving you wrong. Funny you ignored him 4 10 hrs but come at me.
Have a blessed day!
To you as well! (You're still wrong)
What is happening to us?
Maybe your calls to fight in the streets and party slogan of "resist" has something to do with it?
Or a president that said he could shoot someone and not lose voters? Yeah...but the democratic reps and slogan are the problem.
Your tweets are supportive of this shooting. Shame on you.
Not really, that's your own projection. I'm just not going to sit here with empty prayers & closed eyes to the country's current atmosphere.
Actually they are your own tweets. Apparantly your eyes are shut.
Snort. Reading comprehension isn't your strong suit is it? You can keep saying the same thing, doesn't make it true 
Personal insults are the acknowledgement of a lost arguement.
YOUR vitriolic rhetoric is responsible 4 egging ppl like this on--@POTUS ws elected by ppl U didn't find worthwhile--"WeThePeople" -honor it
“The heart of the wise inclines to the right, but the heart of the fool to the left.”
Ecclesiastes 10:2
Most likely a Kaine voter.
Amen
What?? It's GOP weakness to stop trump swamp !! What hack is going on there ? May be GOP is implicated some hoe wit the russia n hackars
There it is. Right from your own mouth. You're a real piece of work
Since your kid is one of them, I find this ironic. And didn't you call for this type of thing? The hypocrisy is amazing.
My heart and prayers are with Steve Scalise and his family.
That's Rich! You and the Far-Left Dems and Anarchists, MSM "fightin in the streets"call by you and FarLeft are the reason Rep was shot!!
@pglynn61 
Thank You Mr. Vice President
Please tell your followers to stop killing Republicans
Will U PLEASE  condemn the shooter & tell your followers that violence & killing are not the way to turn over the election
If you mean that then stop your hate filled rhetoric.  Words can have consequences.
You do not condemn violence but you don't like this type of attack. Do you prefer the attacks to be bricks thrown at peasants?
Tonight pick Rep & Dem captains, they switch off picking players. Each picks a Dem then Rep. Show we are not defined by our party.
You are leading by your prayers. Stop the hate speech ... Stop the violence!
Prayers are with Senator Scalise and his family.  God Bless you and America is with you praying for your bravery!
Talk w/ your Son. You're a coward.
So telling Democrat they must " fight republicans in the streets" was just a joke , huh? Thanking God everyday you arnt our VP
I would figure you would be happy
Funny that you would pray for someone who said republicans should be attacked in the streets. Interesting that's what this guy did
#Democrats have taken this too far. These crazies are taking your lead. Disagree with #Trump if you must, but at least inspire decency.
"We have to fight them in the streets". Your quote.
Isn't this what you wanted?
In all due respect sir, this Virginian believes you, your party & MSM are inciting violence.  Why don't you call for it to end?
really Kaine...remember when you were on the news saying to fight in the streets...and your answer is that's not what I meant...SURE!
Your the one who called for violence in the streets! His blood is on your hands!
Trying to backtrack over your previous calls for violence, I see
Take some ownership for this. You are one of politicians who encouraged people to fight Trump in streets.
Preach, brother.
You and your dem colleagues are to blame for the shooting.  You spew hatred with your words.
Your'e a Total Hypocrite
You got your fight in the streets, Senator. Time for the rhetoric to stop.
https://twitter.com/NatShupe/status/875155781775052800 …
Thought U were cool with total devaluation of Republican lives.
 Remember when you thought it cool HRC deplorables>
Your son is a member of Antifa, who supports this type of violence. Your son was arrested for violence with Antifa. https://twitter.com/timkaine/status/874963405425213440 …
Your son is one. #sad #trump wins again
Might be nice to offer the SAME to those murdered in SF today. #AllLivesMatter ? Yes?
didn't you say "democrats have to fight in the streets against Trump" isn't this incident exactly the kinda thing u were inciting
#PedoGate #LockHimUp
Sanders, Kaine, Clinton, and other Democrats have openly called for "resistance" in the streets. This is the result. #Democratsfault
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS DOMESTIC TERROR ATTACK.
YOU!
Your prayers ring hollow.
- but, ...you encouraged the fight in the streets. I have the video. Just watched it again. You were very clear to your minions.
And I'm praying for God to give me new replacement kidneys so my sister doesn't have to give me one of hers.
Hipocrit
yes @timkaine we all should.  You should in addition stop the hateful rhetoric.  You called for violence.  You got it.  Stop the lies.
How's it feel to have blood on your hands?
Of course your tweet is likely a motivator for this. What have you to say about that? She told you you were going to win?
We all hope for his recovery, grace for his family, and for peace in the world ... and leadership that does not look like this.
Why would we believe you are praying when you and the rest of the idiots were calling for fighting . Your credibility is gone .
Are u demanding you son leave #antifa as they are praising this death ?  Please tell us
Perhaps it would be advisable to take stock of your part in inciting violence in the streets. YOU are accountable for your words and actions
Praying for you and everyone who was injured. Huggs to you all
Come on now Tim Kaine you mighty senator. Tell the truth, when it showed the Democrats praying, were they praying for the shooter?
You're responsible. You called for violence in the streets. I hope you are arrested and prosecuted!!!
Liar
Mr Kaine, I believe u are sincere but u have made statements in the past that promote violence. I have trouble understanding this dichotomy.
You wanted it, you got it, now live with it you schmuck 
Is this what you mean by having to fight them in the streets?  He was just carrying out your orders wasn't he?
U are a SICK individual. God help u.
Isn't this what you wanted?
Your son is about one step away from doing the same if he continues down the road he is on.
How come no one is calling this terrorism?!
very well ...
Looks like they're fighting Trump in the streets just like you called for! #BloodOnYourHands
Ohhhh no no you helped create this shit storm!! Where's @HillaryClinton nothing to say???
your son was arrested for being really really mean to people he doesn't know personally-
Prejudice
Didn't your son get arrested as a member of a violent hate group?  Great parenting.  Keep your comments to yourself.
What happened to "Fight in the streets"?
Then take back your words of fighting in the street, you hypocrite.
Yeah sure.
You're a joke. You got your "fight in the streets."
Did you give your fellow Democrat shooter directions to the field?
Praying your son and his Antifa terror group don't get caught?
When a anti Christian leftist says praying you know they are desperate
Your son is part of #antifa violent hate group  gtfoh
You're an atheist. Why are you praying?
Is this what you meant when you said people need to fight in the streets?  You are a dispicable POS who contributed to this tragedy!
What about fighting in the STREETS YOU #$%$(*^&

His blood is on your & your party's hands. Stop your vile rhetoric, now.
You reap what you sow...
So are you using this as an Object Lesson for your Antifa (ironically the USA's leading Fascist Group) member son?
I thought you wanted fighting in the streets?
Hey look! There your Son!
Violent Bernie Bro's
I've heard more violent rhetoric from the right.  2nd amndmt rmdies etc.  This guy liked Bernie. prob didn't like Kaine.  Troll elsewhere
Your son is a member of Antifa, who supports this type of violence and you called for fighting in the streets
I don't believe your sincerity.
This is the same as you going to mass on Sunday and supporting abortion
Thank you for that. Pray also your son doesn't get involved in any more attacks
Phony. I saw a video of u calling for violence in the streets
Outrageous.... after you asked people to take to the streets and fight? I don't think  he wants your prayers... just your apology
Praying for you to be held responsible for this attack.  You are worthless and need to be accountable for inciting violence.

Pushback Kaine .. pushback.
سلام
The silence from @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @MichelleObama speaks volumes.
me too I send my prayers and best wishes for a speedy recovery
you called for this 
Kaine: Democrats Have to 'Fight in the Streets' Against Trump
YOU LEGITIMIZED THIS TYPE OF BEHAVIOR! SHAME ON YOU!
How about some leadership on the matter. One of you liberals needs to take charge and tell your crazies this is unacceptable. COWARD!!
As a Senator I would hope you would do more than pray.  Maybe push harder for Mental Health awareness
An attack you called for back in January.  You owe America, and especially those of us in Virginia, an apology.  Back down your rhetoric.
wanting fighting and blood in streets and inability to accept election results has caused this chaos in USA  Your words and MSM
AND in San Francisco. AND in Brooklyn. Right? You're praying for them, too?
Your a big reason for the attack pushing phony Russia bs
You're as much to blame as the shooter since you incited people like him by calling for "fighting in the streets" Blood on your hands!
.@timkaine um he did what you asked, you said take the fight to the streets #douchebag
While you're out peddling violence with a Democrat Party
Like you care when you advocated taking the fight to the streets against Trump! Your party & MSM created this monster. Disgusting!
Just as your quote Senator "Dems have to fight in the streets" remember when u said that. Ur a disgrace and he asked if was repubs then shot
You called for fighting in the streets so there is blood on your hands. Thank God someone had a gun or a lot of people would be dead.
Please save it. You are one of the people urging your followers to take the fight against the Republicans to the street. Following orders.
@timkaine Put a sock in it. You and your son have done enough damage.
Blood in the streets am I right? You succeeded. Proud of your son too?
Your hypocrisy sickens me, you called for this. Blood is on your hands
Stupid Twilight Zone Dummy. This attack is a result of your evil & irresponsible rhetoric of hate division and violence. Blood in your hands
Plz take your call boys and retire!  The NWO project is over and we've reclaimed our country, thank you!  #WeKnow #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
#Hypocrisy I thought your people had to fight in the streets?
YOU LIE you atheistic Catholic TRAITOR. Your words caused this. You have blood on your hands-you and your traitor globalist ilk
You are GUILTY of this hate TIM KAINE
Unstable Catholic Senator calls for violence against republicans, gets results.
You wanted this type of fighting, You are as bad as as any terrorist and should be treated as such
Ur hands r bloodied - don't even go there w/ur false concern when u called for it
You better pray for your own soul & your violent son's soul as well. This is at your feet. Blood on your hands. Thank god we have VP Pence.
But I don't apologize for raising a antifa violent son who was raised to be violent with those he disagrees with
Really??   Your the one who called your cult to go to the streets and fight.  Liberals are all to blame
You called for violence... you got what you asked for.  You are an enemy of the US.
you caused it big guy.
You and your dem buddies plus msm. Are to blame for this.i suggest you don't spit out rhetoric like take the fight to the streets anymore
Is this your PC thing to say? Remember when you said Democrats should fight Trump supporters in the street? Did you get what you wanted?
Remember when you encouraged fighting the GOP in the streets? Done and done

YOU urged violence "FIGHT IN THE STREETS", you hypocrite!
 Take back your violent rhetoric; Urge your followers to protest peacefully!
