How about the kids/ middle class America who struggle to live in your world w/ rising 0care can't afford to send their "dreamers to college.
One doesn't need to adversely affect the other.  Question why we spend so much on military, mass incarceration and War on Drugs.
Middle class pays taxes so others children can go to college. Military is for freedom incarceration is for safety War on drugs saves lives.
WRONG

Dear @realDonaldTrump,

If you end DACA, we will make your life impossible.…
Are you threatening our president ?
As a woman I am in embarressed by these so-called liberated women who marched on DC.
OK let's drop the woman card .   Let's talk substance! How many DACA 's  have you taken into your home?
We are a nation of laws and you are sworn to uphold the constitution. Please do as you swore an oath to do so.

#DACA is not a constitutional law. Obama illegally acted.#potus should end it If voters want it push congress to act Effect change right way
On the same page, Constitution, Seperation of Powers & Federalist 51. 1875 Congress law which SCOTUS ruled 1876 exclusive domain of Fed
They can pursue dreams here when it's done legally. We are a nation of laws!
You do realize some of those who could face deportation were just babes in arms when they were brought to this country?
The law doesn't change by age.
Stunning lack of compassion. 
Really?
*except if they do it legally or American citizens. Right timmay? My family wanted to pursue dreams in USA. Shattered thx 2 DACA & ILLEGALS!
We became teachers, officers, & we give back to the country we were forced to immigrate to by no fault of our own. But we embraced it.
You are so right, everyone needs a chance
They r American's because this is all they know. I agree maybe it should not have happened the way it did but, 2 wrongs don't make it right
If it were u I bet u would feel differently.
DACA puts illegals before Americans! It would be awesome if Americans could get what DACA recipients get, but Americans can't!
Have you not heard?  The #President is more interested in allowing legal #American citizens to dream!  #EndDACA.
Americans need jobs not the DACA do U want a Civil WAR? Keep doing what the  @SenateDems are up to               @SenRonJohnson @SenShelby
Legalize them Senator by passing a law in the Senate/Congress. President can not legislate. DACA is legally dubious.
You still remind me of the horor movie character "Chuckie", lol! No substance to anything you claim to be for. Ameticans first dim whit!
You demorats would sell your soles to stay in power
Illegal, unconstitutional and like everything obummer, antiamerica!! Stop encouraging illegal activity, you dweeb. Consequences to illegals
No welfare, no anchors, law breakers! Daca is unconstitutional and obummer is a brotherhood lover and cancer like you are to America.
DACA is not the president’s job, never has been. It has always been the responsibility of Congress.  DACA is unconstitutional
American Kids should.
How about kids of legal citizens?  Let's focus on them.
Kids should be able to dream in their own country. American kids have dreams too. Dreams of not having to support every illegal.
https://twitter.com/MemeAlertNews/status/904384761350811648 …
Yes indeed, AMERICAN kids not foreign nationals.
Like your son? He did daddy proud eh?
U politicians R great at giving hard earned tax $$ 2 illegals! Whoz giving breaks 2 those hrd wrkng that support & pay 4 educatn 2 our own
See, that's the problem! They aren't pursuing anything! They wanna be in the USA so bad, but not be a citizen, or actually work & pay taxes!
Stop betraying the USA!
NO WE ARE TELLING YOU , DO YOUR JOB , ENFORCE OUR LAW ! WE MADE ONE PROMISE TO CRIMINALS , A TRIP TO JAIL
LEACHES GO HOME 
FIRE TRADER kaine
He doesn't care about his own kids. Why would he care about ours?
A free America Senator not the Socialist and Racist America that the Democratic party proposes!
#ImpeachTrump
Tell Tim Kaine America is the place where kids should be taught the rule of law.
Happy to Senator - if you make your voice heard to deport alien felons rather than protect them
CHILDREN WHO ARE AMERICAN CITIZEN SHOULD GET A CHANCE TO PURSUE THEIR DREAMS.....THERE I FIXED IT FOR YOU, TIMMY
Which is fine, if they come in legally.
He's trying to afford a wall that will never be built!! He lies to all and this is one thing he wants to do?
You know he doesn't care! Sad but he has no empathy!!
They are more American than @FLOTUS is.
DACA is what America represents! The dream SHOULD & MUST live on!
Shut up crazy eyes!
He should know! I DON'T think that old dog can learn new tricks
MUST WATCH - Trump Russia explained in ~ 3 min
Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
Why don't you introduce legislation instead of relying on a executive branch overreach? #ReverseDACA
We have a tragedy in Houston and you are talking about dreamers? Get over yourself!
So proud of Tennessee for standing up forDACA
Quit the theatrics, protect Americans first and quit supporting abortions. Why don't you respect life?  BABY KILLER.
Try this
Kaine, since you believe in Americans paying other people's bills, pay for my bills!
You can't even pay for your own Health Care!
Down w DACA! This is America where you work to earn what you want. Not pay the neighbors bills! Want something, WORK!
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KkiZpi775QQ … awe you cry different shades of songs each year Timmy boy! Do you care about American children in poverty?
He doesn't care! Nothing is about anyone else but him. He's not capable of ethics, morals, empathy he's a textbook sociopath!
Yeah, kids here legally... #dumpDACA #dumpDumbocrats
What is your son's excuse? #antifa
IMPEACH TRUMP
.@POTUS Business & GOP leaders all oppose your ending DACA. Prove you're not owned by KKK, Nazis, white supremacists. #DefendDACA #Cville2DC
Because if you call him filthy names it must be true unless he caves to your demands? You could try not being a bigot w/o needing a favor
No way are you keeping your illegals to vote RESISTANCE PARTY! That's exactly why YOU want them here! Laura's taking you're seat!You'll lose
Trump is owned by white supremacists. Why I'm joining the march to confront white supremacy https://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-to-end-daca/ … #DefendDACA #Cville2DC
We pray. We plead. We wish for our kids and grandkids a better world to inherit.  Prayer and pleading must spur action and progress.
...these are not kids.  They are young to thirty-ish adults.
I vote to defend our borders and grow our economy. Can you help with that?
Time for the .@SenateDems & .@SenateGOP  to Step Up and Save #DACA with a veto proof majority.
are you a Virginia senator or the senator of Tamaulipas! Va.children in #SWVA that need representative who care. #Usingpeople
How about championing American citizens opportunities instead of foreign nationals whose parents break our laws?
If a person robs a bank would you allow their kids to keep the money?
Speaking of kids. Is it true that your kid was arrested for participating in violence with the terrorist group Antifa?
Who is paying for my kid school?
Tim tell that to my friend who's son was beaten to death by illegal gang members ...
Kids. Jose Antonio Vargas is 36 yrs old. He's had plenty of time to become a citizen and chose not to do it legally. #EndDACA
FLASHBACK: Bill Clinton on Illegal Immigration: 'We are a Nation of Laws' @thedemocrats #DACA #DefendDACA #DREAMers
He fears another Obama can arise from amongst them!
Yeah that's it
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
PLEASE ASK @amyklobuchar TO SHOW YOU OUR DIRECT MESSAGE WE SENT HERIT IS TIME TO LISTEN TO US ON GROUND IN TEXAS
Would like to but that man has no heart.
Tell Senator Lee to answer his phones please @SenMikeLee
Focus on you son Woody. He get arrested for playing #antifa. Fix your house first.
This pres doesn't have empathy or compassion...your bar is too high for him!!  Unfortunately WE are the dreamers.
Our country is based on citizens who immigrated from foreign countries.  Our current pres's family was, as his wife son in laws family was.
Let Congress finally decide immigration, not executive orders from both sides of the aisle. Let's get some bipartisan support Sen..
So those who came illegally deserve the same as those born here & those who have waited to be Americans? Do you not see how unfair that is?
Trump doesn't listen to the American people. He is UnAmerican. He is Unchristian.
America is the place for #legal #Immigrants not people who are looking to pop out a kid and live for free!
I can think of a lot of other things I'd like to tell that tiny shell of a man.
Dumb A-- should not have to be told.
You want to defend #DACA but DACA hiring managers, discriminated military veterans/American citizens? Pathetic.
Should trump be deported because his mother was not a legal immigrant?
Excuse me, Senator from Virginia - not the Senator of Mexico. How about you look out for the kids of Virginia for a change. 
#Resist idiocy.
700,000 American JOBS are going to illegals. Democrat policies made this happen.
It's sad we even have this as an issue. #DefendDACA

Thank you, Senator Kaine!!
Would that dream include equal justice under the law? @HillaryClinton got special treatment?  Does that bother you, too? #Comey #FBI
U are still unstable.  God help u.
Thank you for standing up and #ProtectDACA. The #Dreamers are #Americans and belong here in their home
No, they're not.
What we say will make no difference. He is intent on erasing everything Pres. Obama passed.
#DACA is not a constitutional law. Obama illegally acted.#potus should end it If voters want it push congress to act Effect change right way
How sad is it that we literally have to beg this wingnut to do the right thing.  I am so sick of him, I could puke.
What about the kids that have been here and there families for generations?? Let the illegal have there chance??
This country is based on the rule of law. Not all support a POLICY made SINGLEHANDEDLY by a previous president
Send their ass back
Instead of rhetoric & propaganda do your job to change the immigration laws. You want Americans to support illegal activity.  #MAGA
thank you for raising your voice.
Especially children who are citizens
defend Americans Kaine what is wrong with you?
Don't forget to acknowledge your White Privilege Mr Senator and your income inequality
STHU LOSER
Why don't Democrats concentrate on the born Legal children tuition free,instead of illegal ones?Not fair.That's why u lost the VP seat.
that among many other obvious factors
Looks like ur worried Timmy. Because U know when #POTUS gets rid of all illegal voters & #DACA U obstructionist #Democraps r through 4 good.
Why don't You Make Your Voice Heard to get rid of that Awful Healthcare that the Democrats Forced on us without reading it until passed
I tell trump all the time to put my daughter who is a CITIZEN in front of the line for higher education. Legals before illegals!
Even kids who are here illegally?
What part of illegal don't you understand?
If you have a heartless Potus, that is also corrupt, defies our constitution and rule of law & order it is the duty of congress to Impeach.
so you know nothing of our Constitution?
One reason
#DefendDACA  america used to be the shining lights for all seeking refuge. trump is shooting out the lights one by one.
Making America economy strong doesn't mean deporting #DACA
Senator, YOU and your colleagues hold the power to protect the Dreamers. Some of us support you 110%, but Congress needs to make this happen
Se must fight 4 the kids. #DACA
Why can't we spend that money on American kids?
The Democrats have shown Americans their true direction for America it's what we see in the Germany. Vote them out
@Indivisible_F @SDIndivisible @Indivisible_F

You would have been our VP if H would have been elected.  This is NOT what I call responsible and adult.
ALL ACROSS THE COUNTRY AND THE WORLD LET'S GATHER together KILL this TRUMP ADMINISTRATION open UP OUR HOMES to ALL DECA FAMILIES THESE 
Look how civil you've been to him. He hasn't done anything. Why should he not rescind it after all the vitriol all you resist Bitches spew?
I don't understand why any governor does what they are told by tramp, unless they are racists too?
Hey Tim just a reminder!!!!
READ    VERY    SLOWLY
No unlawfully done by Obama and he knew it and so did you Tim. We are a nation of laws enforce them.
.If they were required to vote Republician would you feel the same way?
Blame the parents for breaking the law,not trump
.The evil one should not have created his own law
and he didnt, you don't like our laws ....move
Why can dreams be pursued in Mexico, Guatemala...  What are you saying @timkaine ?
Trump just wants people to beg for mercy just so he can send them packing. His mind is already made up. Ivanka & her brothers want them out!
Does that include African Americans or do illegals get the dream and African Americans get wot the Dems often gv them it's called the shaft
What about #American children? They have dreams too. They are #Citizens.  No amnesty on my dime. Send them back where they came from.
You think he cares?
no we dont
Yes

...if they are legal citizens. Otherwise, they should be deported. Because it's the law
& so should American children
@aekarn 
Just like your Son did, right !
We are you can't break the law and everything is okay sorry but got to go
Trump isn't listening. Trump doesn't care. The only way it works is if it gets more ratings than him. Put the pressure on his cronies.
Yea its a great place with a long line to enter LEGALLY! Just because you jump in line doesn't mean you can stay. Was passed illegally FDACA

Say NO to DACA No respect for our President , our Flag,  our Gvrnmt,  our ppl,  they burn our flag , I say fly their damn flag bck in Mexico
Soros Democracts bitch about Russia,  when they let Mexico invade our country,  steal our votes and tamper w/our elections WE DEMAND JUSTICE
AND WE DEMAND THAT WALL! !!!!  WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO HAVE A SAFE AND SECURE BORDER FROM THE 2ND MOST DANGEROUS COUNTRY IN THE WORLD! !!
excelente ese es la
 vicion excelentes
Oh, and they don't now? I'll personally fund a 5th grade field trip to Russia. You are lost and corrupt my friend. Eat a cough lozenge or 3.
My client came to U.S. at 6 mos&his parents got him a SSN. At 19,he applied for U.S. passport&learned he's not a U.S. Citizen.DACA saved him
Might wanna take care of the kids at home first Timmy. #AntifaTerrorists
He took care of us and trained us to RESIST NAZIS ! Tim Kaine is a hero to ANTIFA and the left ! We are united together !
He's a United States citizen.......sorry.
Tim get out of politics. Retire
#Adios
Deport all illegal immigrants. Come to America the right way. That's all folks
Ok. But you know this is turning into a lot of work. And he and my NC reps do NOT listen. This "she" will, nevertheless, persist.

Supporting DACA IS an anti American & racist act! Get over it you loser!
How old are these kids?
College age
And getting free college
American kids should have the opportunity to pursue their dreams in America, NOT illegal aliens. They take away opportunity from Americans.
America and her children first! #MAGA 
How many Trumps does it take to throw out 787,00 DACA children by the scruff like unwanted puppies?
.... 1 ....
Senator Kaine why are you more concerned about illegal immigrants than the Citizens you represent? Afraid with no illegals voting Dems gone?
America First.  No Illegals getting my tax money.
If Trump ends this program it sure makes our government look like a bunch of liars. Obama's policy brings them out into the open for Trump.!
Why not tell Congress to IMPEACH his ass, and get this bullshit over!
What would the articles of impeachment be?
Not only his.
With all due respect, that is YOUR job.  And in fact, he doesn't listen to anyone who doesn't agree with him anyway.
If child under 13 is illegally brought to the US, they should become American citizen on 18th bday #DefendDACA Pg 93 https://www.amazon.com/Common-Mans-Voice-Be-Difference/dp/0692921427/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1504300663&sr=8-1&keywords=a+common+man%27s+voice …
don't think that is the law. U don't like it change it.
