Lol you won't come to the table #repealobamacare
Wrong. It's GOP frothing out the mouth to undo anything associated with Obama rather than work to help citizens. #keepACA
ACA has failed and undoing anything Obama created makes for a better country
ACA was sabotaged. It helps millions.  You prove my point that this about hating Obama rather than doing what's right for the sick! #fixACA
Lol! It hurts a lot more than it helps!!!
That's your opinion. Thank God our Congressmen rejected Trumpcare. Let's hope they work together to #fixACA & take on Big Pharma.
Big pharma will never be taken on.
Not by Trump, that's for sure. He's a coward afraid to make actual changes that help the people instead of corporations.

REPEAL!! Free us from this socialist plantation. Its what we voted for!!!
So are police, fire fighters, roads, and all the other things our tax money goes to socialist as well?
Do you need 10 or 15 years of education to put out fires, build roads or arrest criminals?
What does that have to do with government funding? The government also sponsors most scientific research in this country.
There were all of these before taxes..
Who pays the police and firefighters without taxes?
Income taxes are only about 100 years old (1913). Import taxes, tariffs, and sales tax were commonly used to gain federal dollars prior.
1913 lol
#Medicaidforall! Bernie had a good idea.
What was the last bill Bernie put on the table? Before he took money from the DNC to drop out..
Bernie has his flaws but he never stopped working for #Medicaidforall and #Singlepayer. Look at his tweets this week if you doubt
What has he done over his whole career? Trump tweets daily about making America great again, it takes action.
Patch Obamacare. Best thing going.
That's like asking a leach to stop sucking blood or a lemming to stop running off a cliff.
Novel concept,  I thought that was the way congress was supposed to work. Oh, that's right the GOP controls congress.
Or... or... or... we could just get the government out of every aspect of the lives of people whom were supposedly BORN FREE!
Where did all the penalty money for not enrolling in the ACA go? If it had been used to enroll those who didnt it may have lowered the cost.
 The same place social security money went, they stole it. 1100+ dollars in 2 years from me. Claim they're offsetting non ins peeps.
How about the same insurance you all have on the house and senate for all
They don't know what reinsurance is...
We Capitalists can NEVER work with and compromise with you Communist Democrats

We Love America

You Hate America
Absolutely!!
Majority of GOP are not civilized ppl, most have no compassion or care for our citizens.
Every child born in the U.S. TODAY  is born into a responsibility to pay for Obama Care, whether they like it or not!
Like totally . Let's act like We the People instead of theres you @realDonaldTrump  and then us Americans . Thanks Sen Kaine
@RandPaul Please Repeal the ACA then and only then can meaningful debate and fixes be debated
No! #fixACA Bring down premiums by taking on BigPharma rather than kicking people off insurance like GOP wants to do!
Nobody can afford Obamacare anyways, it's made for the non working poor, not the middle class.
How many Dems voted for the last bill? Or any bills the Rs have put on the table? Goes both ways..
No plan will ever work until drug prices are regulated and under control.
Helicopter money for insurance lobbyist!
Repeal ObamaCare! Don't feed the Dead Horse! Rep & Dem will not let new bill pass. Worked prior to Ocare, except No Freebies!
@Graceann319 This MUST be addressed BiPartisanship is Key!
No.
We need to take the lead on improving ACA.
Repeal the individual mandate immediately, it's completely unconstitutional.
Dems are afraid because they passed it on a partisan basis and since it is failing, you all suddenly want to fix it.
Repeal!!!
Louder!!
Also known as kicking the buck down the road for others to deal with.  Something Congress is good at.
That would take brains and heart. Not in good supply these days.
No. The ACA is a scam and you know it as well as the rest of us, or Gruber wouldn't have had to "write it in a tortured way." #Repeal
How about #MedicareForAll?
@timkaine Plz remind public that the GOP were voted in on a misconception that #Obamacare was not #affordablecareact
Thank you!
lol no. Obamacare was passed with no input from GOP. You guys created this mess. Deal with it
If insurance companies would stop giving our moneyfor medical to politicians perhaps charged would drop. 25
If only they were interested on helping the people! You should try harder to find some common sense patriotic Rs and work together.
The moderates on both sides especially the Women..Dem and Rep must join together to Fix ACA the hell with extremes from both sides..
stop making it so complicated. ins thru job. if none go on medicare.
So your solution is to give more taxpayers $ to ins companies? Thought they were evil and greedy?
Public option will create more competition and lower premiums.   Negotiate drug prices like the VA.  Start there.
Just incase @GOPnews. Need to read senators statements. Reread #ACA and it's long range strategic plan. The changes to ACA, less expensive
You would make a good vice-president.  I remember having this thought before.
Better yet give all Americans the same insurance that the senators & congressmen enjoy.  Problem solved fairly.
Please work TOGETHER!  Think outside the box! 
Ideas: Medicare buy-in option for 55+ or 60+, and/or require ACA plan for MA/MC insurers.
#SinglePayerNow
Yes
Your refusal to work with them over the last 6 years put us at this point. why didn't you try to work together earlier?
Repeal it now!!!
This is what I fear. The DELIBERATE SABTATOGE OF ACA. can they actually do that??  @senatedems @senategop if you truly care about us six ACA
Fix ACA
Universal health care. Take the profit out of health care
Yes, please. If we had all taxpayers' $$ wasted over 7 yrs seeking repeal, how many school lunches/meals on wheels/vet homes could we fund??
So not bail out the insurance co that have been bilking us for years
.@timkaine Compromise Idea: replace Obamacare mandate with House 'late fees'  which are earmarked 4 reinsurance fund. Let GOP claim repeal.
Ie Balanced the risk . I know my x daughter in law could not afford the initial premium thats why she could never enroll.
Public option - Small population no profit.  I personally would make health ins Co. Non-profit
Go Sen. Kaine! Reinsurance is a good fix. Simply telling insurance Companies Obamacare is here 2 stay w enhancements will bring cost down 2.
Shut up
#MedicareForAll will fix majority of the problems with the current health care system. ACA subsidizes billionaire CEO salaries with taxes
DT and GOP Blaming the Dems is a joke and we aren't falling for it.  They need to invite everyone to the table!
Let them vote on a delayed vote, let it pass, as a result they'll all lose office in 2018 elections. Note to the wise: mb that's a bad idea.
Just good old common sense! nothing fancy! Senator I am British but follow you and I say YOU are a man of the People and you make them proud
No he doesn't.
He is an infamous buffoon.
AND CONTROL COSTS. STANDARDIZE PRICES. WHO MAKES MONEY IN HC? INS CO. PHARMA. CEOS. DME COS.
Fine idea, but GOP seems determined to repeal, so they can say they kept at least one promise to their base. #FixACA #bipartisan
Nope...let's do REAL reform...#MedicareForAll!
With MEDICARE AS THE DEFAULT SUBSCRIPTION INSURANCE! Bigger pool, younger avg age  =lower premiums! Health insurance 101. Let folks pay in.
The foundation for better healthcare already exists! The ACA wasn't perfect, but at least it was something. Use it to better serve Americans
we need a public option to reform insurance companies, contain costs and lower drug prices!  #MedicareForAll
Yes, so the gov't can then take money apportioned for said insurance, and spend it elsewhere, and in 20 years someone else has to fix it.
Why don't Dems drop their obsession w/a failed law passed on lies from Dems in Congress and Dem POTUS Obama?
Also infrastructure
You're dreaming player
We're finally going to flush that turd  Obamacare once and for all
You still can't admit Obamacare was a trrrible idea, at least @billclinton had the balls to call it the craziest thing EVER
