Thank you so much Senator!!!
Thank You Sen For Your Hard Work
Thank you!
Thank you so much!
I hope we get someone to stand up in every state! 
Thank you!!!!
Thanks Tim - we need you all to fight this with everything you got. Lives are depending on it.
#Truth #Trump so, heartless only focus on rich people, more wealth for them. THEREFORE, #World #People #Americans #Democrats Stop #Trumpcare
Don't forget, it also hurts many Veterans.
Kaine's words based on COULDS! ObamaCare is dead & people are going without now! They can't gamble on Kaine's miss judgement!
Thank you.
As a breast cancer survivor lifetime caps would be devastating to me and my fellow survivors.  Stop this madness!
Thank you for being speaking for the ones who have no voice with @GOP. #Trumpcare = @Wealthcare #ProtectOurCare #iamapreexistingcondition
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Kaine!
It will destroy the environment, give rich people huge tax breaks, punished veterans, & cause hate crimes.  You people have #nocredibility.
Tim Kaine Care would be Obama Care that didn't hurt people ( killed people ) go away 2 nd place Timmy
the insurance companies are the blame for this fixing prices and not wanting to pay claims need a law to have a list of covered items
How is your terrorist son not being charged after using explosives, rioting, and hitting cops. You need to resign
Do it all Dems Americans
SENATOR AS I FOLLOW JESUS ;I WILL ALSO FOLLOW IN THIS! TO PROTECT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE!
Fear mongering.  Wish u took more interest during Obamacare
Thank you!
Good luck timmy. Maybe you qill jave xoberage for that nut job son. The apple. Oh nevermind. It is over your head
Thanks Sen Kaine. I am so worried about my disabled son on Medicaid
Thank you!
You losers destroyed the American healthcare and now you grandstand on the rubble.  Obamacare is failing in real time.
Since when can middle class families afford insurance?
Sounds like the ACA
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Tim, you sound very frustrated.......and I don't blame you.
Fight both GOP versions from either part of the house. Don't let them try to sneak the Ryan bill through  reconciliation.@RepDonBeyer
Thank you Senator Kaine.   Please remind Senate that tax credits are worthless to many on fixed incomes I.e SS and pensions.
Ridding themselves of the poor, weak and old. Purifying at its best. Save that insurance money for the rich.
Thank you please do
Did you tell them they may lose their insurance in the Obamacare exchanges? 

Did you tell their rates would go up?
If the Dems don't like the bill get to work on your own proposal to replace ACA. You have 48% of the Senate. Tired of nothing getting done.
Why didn't you stand up when you knew Obamacare was failing? Oh yeah, resist
Yes, but it would make so many Republicans happy! Well, Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan.
Too bad the DNC fucked over Bernie.  This is the result of dnc corruption.
@timkaine  not sure you are on the ball!! Oops you don't even have one!!
Ignore this Trollbot.
Don't forget ur #PelosiBismol 4 diarrhea of the mouth, at first we were all going to burn up, now we r all going to die from 0 health care?
Keep the focus & pressure on Sen. Kaine-you are a man w/talent & influence. Sen. McConnell a disgrace. And I am 61 year old lifelong GOP.
You DIDN'T Give a Damn How Many Americans Got H With #Obamacare
Why the Political Charade today?
What are you & @TheDemocrats doing to have an #Obamacare fix ready?  #MedicareForAll
It will make doctors, nurses, therapists and medical support staff lose their jobs when clinics close and services shut down! #TrumpCare
where have u been for 8 yrs promise them things so u libtards can get their vote same crap ad usual
Thank you.
Are you talking about Obama care
Election I feel he's going to get by with all of this can't be be impeached or charged
Thank you Senator Tim Kaine!
Senator Kaine can you please tell me what happens to Trump now that we know he had part in Russia causing you and Hillary to lose the
@SenateGOP are gonna kill jobs, close clinics and hospitals maybe you guys should talk about that too that bill will pass in senate!
We need you in the Oval Office with Hillary!
It would of been a dictatorship it he and hilllary had won !
I'm one of "the educated" hence, I understand what a dictatorship consists.
Thank you! I know you were willing to fix Obamacare but the GOP hates the middle class, the poor, sick & elderly & so sad supporters don't
See it yet.
Give me a break. Quit listening to CNN. So naive.
My daughter is on Medicaid due to her disabilities. I am so worried about what might happen.  Thank you for your support @timkaine.
Obamacare already has, do you have a better solution or are you just crying again. Present a fix or get out of the way.
