Senator between the obnoxious Steven Colbert and your bombastic nature, I wonder if becoming a Catholic was really a good idea

Your son Woody drips with intolerance, animus and hostility. Run, pull some strings w/ ur wealthy friends & donors to get him off the hook!
King Obama says the Holy Wars were started by evil religious zealots, slaughtering other religious zealots...religion is EVIL.
A Republican body slammed a liberal reporter and you still couldn't snag a senate seat. That's how bad of shape your party is in.
Trump's followers are crying that this is not a Muslim ban even though Trump repeatedly roared to ban all muslims. Oh yeah, he was lying!
Just hope it's not your family that gets blown up at a concert. Most populous Muslim country not even in the so-called ban.
The court is doing what so few of our elected officials are willing to do -- call Trump's hateful behavior what it is.
This is where the Left wants to lead the country??
Obama did a job your head.
Obama's NSA spied illegally on Americans 
1984 arrived in 2008
hypocrite . . . you allowed a family bakery to be prosecuted for practicing their religion.  So you are choosing muslims.
Two party system delivering the politicians America deserves.
fool
Actually senator, it's not enough said.  The Supreme court will soon weigh in. Political courts  should scare everyone, even leftists like u
Preach it brother
Extraordinary language and I love to see it. Thank goodness for our judiciary.
Oh yes thank goodness so we can all change our Fb profile pic and wring our hands every time a Muslim sets off a bomb #idiots
.We will eventually get the libtards out.  Once they see the criminality protected by Comey lies for DemoRAT VIPs, they will PUKE
Yes take a look at what just happened
Go back to jerking off in the woods please
So glad to see this outcome!
Supreme Court will change this outcome.   Soon !!!
Lead, Senator, Lead. #persist #resist #TrumpResistance
At least GOP could had threw in 2 Christian counties.
'Nuff said? I assume you'll join them with blood on your hands if something happens here. Where are my children's protection? 'Nuff said!
Exactly
Thank you Tim for properly representing my Virginia values.
To bad he doesn't represent my America values
It's time to rid the world of religion.  It's a man made hoax
Yay!
...that's a start...
Tim Kaine on Tuesday  solidarity with #Manchester. Tim Kaine on Thursday "thank you" 4th circuit for overturning steps to vet entry to US
#TrumpEvil
Spot on.
I really love this "singing, and jumping up and down " thank you for making my day.
Glad you represent us here in VA
You lost the election Mr crooked smile , face it people in the country didn't like or trust you.  Joker !!!!
Amen
Save it until after the Supreme Court reviews it.
Religion is the root cause of evil.  The pope is a fraud.
They sure read in an awful lot that wasn't in writing.  Perhaps they should stick to the law and leave their personal beliefs at home.
Thank you for standing for all Americans.
I need justice! They took from me the invitation for me, from the president of United States and they used my identity to meet the president
Timmy, you want them in? When an attack occurs in the US think about what to "F" you're doing!! You Democrats & Liberals R destroying the US
@jonathanjewel 

All this winning

Right @POTUS @SteveKBannon @VP?

Feels Fantastic 

Pls tell purjerer @jeffsessions he's fired
SCOTUS ruled 3 prior times supporting same ex o's on immig. Unelected, activist district judges r dictating immig for USA. Get a damn clue.
go tell Manchester about religious intolerance
Love the language of this court ! Thank you Chief Judge and Sen Kaine. Proud to be a Virginian today.
Thank god for our judicial system. Heaven knows the @gop are full of cowards going down with the Trumptanic!
There is no religious intolerance, animus, or discrimination. SCOTUS will set this right when they get it. I am very disappointed in you.
Your savior Obama did the same ban with 0 outrage. If anything happens, it's on yours and your colleagues hands.
Add the 4th Circuit to the list of courts Trump will pledge to "break up"
Except it really doesn't it is 6 countries one of which is Lybia, where the Manchester bomber went in April before murdering children
All six of these countries are extremely hostile to the US and their citizens can not currently be vetted properly.
Finally, why did you not complain when President Obama put a SIX MONTH ban on ALL travel from Iran?
Your attitude concerns me because I have a daughter and I would like her to be safe from religious extremism.
The power to control who comes into the country is clearly in the hands of the president as proven by President Obama when he banned Iran.
Wallow it out poser boy. Why you think constitutional rights go to non-resident non-citizens? US food stamps to Amazonian Indians too?
Okay @timkaine how many refugees r u going to put up in ur house.
moronic BS
#Animus
“usually prejudiced and often spiteful or malevolent ill will” #nailedit
The courts and our Constitution continue to save us, save our democracy. Grateful!
Kinda wish we'd had that yesterday when Pope Francis had those fake devout Vatican crashers in front of him.
Sooooooo glad you lost! 
Well said, Vice-President Kaine. #unhackthevote
You're part of the problem there dipsh!t. 
Let's hope terrorists don't get through the giant whole in our border this stupid ruling allows to remain open.
The 4th Circuit drop kicked it across the goal line & scored another win for the rule of law! #DefendTheConstitution #4thCircuit #RuleOfLaw
4th scored anther win for terror.
When is anybody going to stop this evil man￼
Maybe the 9th Crc Ct should look at the #muslimban "with all deliberate speed" to keep it as it is, preventing #SCOTUS from ruling on it!! 
If I was a judge, I'd use that line aaalllll the time!!! 
So how many Libyan "immigrants" do you plan to take in your home?
This is why you will NEVER be POTUS or VP!
Hey jackass, isn't your party the one that insisted on slavery way back when? You and the dancing idiot Warner make me mildly nauseous..
, glad you are not the VP
However it's ok for your gang to use American intelligence for dems political gain
There is always Gorsuch
The original #MuslimBan asked for a 90-day hold on some things & 120-day hold on others. 90-days ended 3wks ago, 120-days ends next wk,
At this point, @POTUS can no longer justify his EOs - unless they have been sitting on their hands or never had a valid reason.
#Resist
Wow! 4th circuit? That's kind of amazing. (Maybe they hate ALL Executive Orders?)
Will be interesting to see how Gorsuch rules once it gets to SCOTUS.
Thank you senator for your voice
It is a power the President is given.  But you would not understand government and the constitution, being a Liberal.
No problem Timmy, we will JUST ship them all to VA, then u deal with it!
Said the guy who cheated in an effort to nullify the voters' will.
Care to be more specific? I love pressing you people on the details. No bodyslams though, deal?
Do people stop and tell you daily how much we wish you were our VP? I swear every time I read one of your posts I think, "Yes, that.."
I seriously wonder if Trump understands what checks and balances are
I am so glad that President Trump is your President.

And you are JAFA.
Lets see what SCOTUS says - You need to get over your sour grapes & put America First
Makes you have some faith in democracy again. Thank goodness!
And thank you @ACLU!
Liberal zealots
Is that what is says?
Bull Crap
