He cares not. His only concerns are power, wealth, and trying to get us to forget about Russia investigations.
Why would he start now after 70 years of poor decisions and not giving a shit about anything besides his wallet?
Tim, I am pretty old now.  Question "is the weather really different than when you grew up?" sure a few hot days here & there, but not new?"
May I? JKF have served in US Military (US Navy) & understood accountability. Pres Trump is lacking no remorse by destroy good policy.
Sadly, @timkaine , he won't. And @GOP won't do a damn thing about it
... and the eyes of "history" are also on the Democratic Party Timmy. Your obstructionist, treasonous behavior will be remembered!!
He will.  He already has.  The Eyes of History will reveal American was made great again when a Political party nearly destroyed it.
You're making me sad. But you'll find out soon enough he doesn't care about America. Or you.
He does care about me.  He beat Hillary.
Sorry. He doesn't. let that Hillary line go. It makes you sound petty. Like winning was the thing and not the governing that came with it
Yeah, and who killed him? Hoover's mates. That is also to Trumps mates, just a generation on. Maybe?
Actually I think was LBJ buddy who was about to lose contract 4 setting up dock facilities in Vietnam. But wouldn't say Hoover not involved
They were ALL in on it
And no where did Kennedy say "and we should foot the bill while communist countries get a pass"
I hope he does too and presses for congressional term limits so we can get rid of the waste in Washington DC.
Tim you bring in JFK the one that was even a bigger cocks-man than Clinton - you democrats are something else
of course at the time Kennedy didn't know how much worse they would treat the Donald...
He won't. You should have stood up to the coup
DEMS should never invoke Kennedy! He would be a Republican today! Left has gone so far away from sanity, JFK would be ashamed!
He won't. Call me out if he does.
If we considered all of JFK's quotes, Dems would be "outed" for being hypocritical, regularly.
Kennedy wouldn't recognize your pathetic corrupt dem party
He won't.
He won't. The minute hand moves closer to midnight.
Your words are falling on deaf ears@Tim Kaine this man doesn't care about earth or any one ales except money and him self.
What would Tim Kaine know about generations? His kid is a domestic terrorist who just got arrested. Trump's kids are productive citizens.
The right decision for American is to pull out out the farce of a deal. Globe warming is the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on the Amer ppl
I sure he will make the right decision.He &the Russians will be blamed either way Our senators,congressman,&media will cry alligator tears.
Yep.  Time to abandon the phony "climate change" one-world government agenda and move on to more meaningful tasks.
You're expecting rational thought from a demented madman whose sole purpose is to undo everything Obama did?  LOL
Paris accord puts financial burdens& restrictions on U.S., but not on CHINA or other major polluters! It's totally bogus!!
I'm nervous. He's gonna make yet another idiotic blunder & we are going to have to pick up the tab.
Nothing good comes from trump.
@PegTyree why the suspense? What is there to think about? Trump is so incompetent
Unfit for office. #ImpeachTrump
Yeah, get out of the Paris Accord.
Don't hold your breath.
Yr fondness for overblown statements is astounding. Level head + clear mind required for effective leadership. U unfortunately have neither.
Has your son made son bad decisions recently ... Antifa horrifying
watch out for the covfefe you inept nudnik, hell comes 4 u, baby killer!
I know what Griffin did was left wing entertainment ! 4 me your head on a stick would have been acceptable.
I hope we get put of this climate change crap. We, humans, can not affect the wheather.  Human Climate change is a hoax
Not you Mr Kaine
I'm hoping the courts make the right decision and puts ur son away from max time
Trump doesn't think he breathes the same air and he doesn't make decisions-reactionary with Narcissistic Personality Disorder
He's not made1 "RIGHT" decision&longer y'all take to impeach the more he'll destroy&lines his pockets w$Y'all better arrest&bankrupt him
You know he will do exactly the opposite of what is the right thing to do. It is the Trump way! He is a danger to humanity. #impeachment
@realDonaldTrump needs to be reminded that this isn't a movie and there is no backup planet to rocket off to. Once it's dead we are dead.
.like you did on woody
JFK was talking about world peace and ending the cold war.... But you want to twist it into a quote about global warming. You're a rat.
Unfortunately, again, @POTUS failed. Apparently, he cares no more for his children and grandchildren than he cares for the rest of humanity.
He doesn't read so don't bother. Just act, and act in such a way that we never ever get another monster like him in office ever again
But he won't, will he?  He seems incapable of making a right decision.
If you wrote a piece of legislature renaming the Paris Climate Accord to "Trump Climate Accord", he'd stay in it.
#Russiaoccoupation_of_syria  .. while USA  playing very weeek  & slow role  giving  #russians  #IRAN more opportunity to ADVANCE 
#trump
@timkaine Lets work to make sure ALL of us do. Our future depends on it.
He wont. Not an educated man. Ignorant and self serving. Time for the USA to allow Europe to lead the free world.
Surely you know by now!  Trump is using the WH  as his own personal growth fund - and we are paying for it!
So how did Obama's net worth go from $1.6m to >$60M as a public servant? Isn't that personal financial growth?
He will
How can he get away with this?  No congress/senate input.
Sadly he won't!
If only you had spoken up like this during he last administration, we would have Trump.  I know you weren't allowed to speak then.
we really have to rethink this whole electoral college. This POTUS isn't representing the will of the people.
Senator Kaine save your breath ...that baffoon has no comprehension of contributing to, and or sacrificing for, life beyond himself. Period
Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past.
The correct decision would be to ban you from politics along with Pelosi and Warren and Waters and Chucky baby
Well you're a typical Democrat ,sore loser u guys have nothing else but 2 call people names the word you used shows ur lack of character
That's a Democrat with absolutely no character or substance I guess you believe in open borders to
It would be a first for him, if he did
Hopefully, Senator, someone will explain this to @realDonaldTrump - it's a little "high-minded" for a Fox & Friends viewer...
To date every decision Mr. Trump has made has been the most hateful, destructive, and/or ignorant choice available.
He is picking up where the last president left off.
Sorry but I think everyone in Congress is a bunch of Fruit Loops!
You know he won't.  He hasn't yet to date. Is there no one the citizenry can call on to stand up to this madness?
He won't.
Ahh...my second Russian bot of the day. Block and report.
LoL Are you serious?! Trump will be dancing in the streets as soon as he demolishes America. That's how he wants to be remembered.
Dream on.
How? Specifically.
#MovementToSaveTheWorld The press must ignore Trump's attempt to change the narrative by blowing up the world..keep covering Trump-Russia
Coming from a man who tweets: "trump's Saudi trip says to terrorists,u are surrounded" LOL..Einstein defined insanity, u just redefined it
Shuttup @antifa FATHER

Not gonna happen Senator...The dude's intent on making America the biggest smallest country on the planet...SAD !
1+2 have little or nothing to do with climate change...
Of your million new jobs there's 20K in coal...
But if he wants to get out so be it.
We can only hope since he hasn't really made one yet
Blah, blah, blah... you're going to love this, but as much as you don't like it, yes Obama gets a lot of the credit!
Your kid make bail?
No it shows what a POS Antifa his son is. Rioting is against the law.. Violence against other for their view is fascist.. Wear it well Kaine
No it doesn't. Look in the mirror if you want to see a horrid person.
Block him.
TRUMP DOES NOT GET IT AND HE WILL NOT CHANGE. SCARY

FOLLOW THE MONEY AND IT WILL EXPOSE TRUMP AND HE SHALL RESIGN

THEN FUTURE IS SECURE
Why don't you have Al Gore pay for it instead?
We are still waiting for you to denounce Kathy Griffin 
He really doesnt care. Probably not sane.
