Why can't these fools give the people what they want and need? Wall $ would pay a lot of medical premiums.
This should be a non-starter on any healthcare bill!!
and those with future pre-existing conditions and those over 50
If you're against it, must be a good bill.
It's unconscionable to repeal ACA. GOP claims to be pro-life, but they disregard it for the living. Shameful this is still happening.
Before ACA, my husband was denied coverage due to a pre-existing condition of elevated cholesterol. America can't go back to those days!
Thanks, I called your office today to oppose #GrahamCassidy it's bad for #VA10 and bad for #Virginia
Then find the 3 votes you need to stop it. This bill is horrible - it shouldn't be hard to find them.
Support #GrahamCassidy  way better than what we have today

BLM rioter on why he is rioting-> "Rich people make a lot of money and they aren't giving me any" 
Tim I have no health care NOW what are you doing for me!!!
This today.  Please email
Unacceptable! Are they trying to appease DJT with some kind of a win?  It will be a loss for all Americans. Keep fighting for ys Senator!
Come on Tim, you don't care about preexisting conditions unless it's an unborn baby to be slaughtered - defund/eradicate @PPact
Please vote against it!
Then do something!!
They don't care about anyone but the rich.
#SaveACA
And that affects my husband and my family. Enough of this already!
I'll call, but could you possibly talk to @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz  to remind them Texas Teachers will watch their votes on this.
UnAmerican.
@VP @SpeakerRyan Yes, we know what the sleezebags are trying to do!!  Heartless.  Then they run down to the church on sunday.
Remember that when voting.
Keep up the Good Fight!
Yell and scream
We don't care! Politicians are a pre-existing condition too, but we still gotta live with them!
Thanks for getting Anthem to stay in Virginia, my premium will now up 35-50% Great Job ! now I'll pay close to $1500 mo for nothing
I urge you to have human deceny and not vote for this atrocity of a healthcare bill.   Leadership is compromise.
Threatens or GUTS?  PLEASE EXPLAIN Senator Kaine
And you threaten the protections of those you've taught your son to disagree with.
Keep doing nothing Tim
WAAA bunch of deadbeats wanting the government tit to feed them for life
Yep . . . starting to feel the despair. Now we hear no CBO score. How is that even possible?
I just totaled my car. I better go get some auto insurance. Same thing Tim.
Lindsey Graham is my Senator and I'm very upset with him. I thought he cared more for working people.
Sorry Lynn but the reality is Graham doesn't give a sh*t about anybody who isn't RICH. WAIT TILL U SEE GOP TAX PLAN - ALL ABOUT THE RICH!
The 1% & their lapdogs the GOP want the poor, disabled & elderly poor dead. To decrease drain on resources
I didn't have to call you everyday when Obama was president!!! Stop graham-Cassidy!
NOT OKAY!!!!! 
Unacceptable! Just plain unacceptable!
Disgraceful! I just don't get how the @GOP thinks that any of this is okay...you are only hurting EVERYONE!

I called your office this morning - please continue to fight this bill. Reach across to R's that are on the fence to get them to vote NO!
Many in @HouseGOP @SenateGOP have pre-existing conditions. Difference b/en them/us? They're rich & can afford care. WE CAN'T.
We cannot tolerate these policies that hurt the people.

When ACA coverage provisions are inevitably decimated by this bill, will you be more open to Medicare for All?
THE WORLD is coming to an end Tim,who the HELL CARES!!!!
And if you want to retake the House and Senate you'll let them.
Explain
Gov of Arizona is approving...means McCain is in. I think we just lost. 
How can anyone with a conscience vote yes on this bill?  It's sickening.
Have you read the bill?
My son is autistic, my mother is diabetic and has bipolar.....my family cannot afford to lose healthcare coverage vote no! #GrahamCassidy
Then stop it! Talk to your colleagues! Bring some people and pictures of people that will be hurt by the bill! We're already calling!
define Threatens?
ACA was built and sold all on lies. It needs to be repealed.
No the GOP needs to be repealed and it will in '18
Yea ok. Dems don't got a shot you care more about speech control, removing statues, and illegal aliens than you do the American people.
You have no idea what I fucking care about.
GOP needs to stop looking at healthcare as a for-profit luxury like sports cars. In the wealthiest nation in the world, it's a basic right.
Please do whatever you can to delay, #WithholdConsent, slow-walk and run out the clock!
That really should be the end of the conversation, shouldn't it?
I'm terrified, my autistic sons rely on medicaid. This will devastate our family
