ACA or bust for you all.  But from my heart ACA destroyed my healthcare.  I voted for these guys to repeal anything they can.
I've heard many Dems say the ACA needs fixing. The GOP won't even let them in the process.
Maybe because Rs think "fixing" something so bad is not the right way to go.
Because destroying the healthcare market is? Doctors, hospital, insurers, and patient advocacy all oppose this.
I'm a patient and they aren't advocating for me and many others who want the poor helped through state income taxed high risk pools.
Yeah, those don't work.  Unless you want your ur state income tax rate to skyrocket beyond imagination.
Yeh...it works better if states get wavers for sensible reforms.
Curiosity, not stalking, what state do you live in?
I WENT TO SLEEP AT 11pm ; I KNEW CONGRESS WILL NOT APPROVE ANYTHING THAT IS NOT PERFECT ;WE SHOULD NOT RUSH INTO ANOTHER DECADE OF PROBLE
You're a joke
My Obamacare premiums nearly tripled for 2017. I can't afford this anymore. This is all on the Democrats for creating this terrible plan.
I have Obamacare. Can't go without it.

Tell that to Mike Enzi - he seems to like it! And, he won't answer any questions from the floor!
That's funny, you didn't care when obamacare did just that, and tripled premiums, you hypocritical fraud
I'm 50 n hav nevr had hlth care save life or deth e.r. visits. Have a lump the size of a golf ball. No ins no $ 2 late 4 me maybe. USA, no.
It was a skinny brained plan.
right which is why you and the gang of 3 got it right along with all dem senators. Stay tough and keep fighting for us thank you
.@timkaine wants US taxpayers to bail out states who were fiscally irresponsible and expanded Medicaid.
No. Pay for it through STATE taxes.
You really mean losing insurance they can't afford anyway quit lying
We need to get more republicans to vote NO on skinny plan, but to work WITH democrats on improving ACA. Persist. We support you.
Thank you for your speech tonight! #WWJD
Who pays for those getting free healthcare or discounted healthcare? How is the ACA sustainable. It all stinks to high heaven
I appreciated your comments Senator. I tuned in as you were speaking.
Then call out McCain on it instead of constantly praising him!
And they're going to starve your kids, push grandma off a cliff and make you drink dirty water and breathe dirty air! #SameOldSongAndDance
What you fail to realize is the hundreds of millions of jobs lost to Obama's Socialist Healthcare Experiment!
Keep fighting
Famine appeal
Come on Tim. Step up and work with the other side. Let's reform healthcare #together. We need more collaboration less BS #TermLimits
No one puts him in check
@realDonaldTrump Millions are ALREADY going to lose Obamacare with nothing done--ALL MAJOR INSURANCE COMPANIES LEFT THE MARKETPLACE.
Senator, since u like Socialism so much maybe you should resign and leave the republic home of democracy
16 million don't have to be forced onto Obamacare! Straight facts.
Where was ur passion &compassion for ppl when Obama destroyed the coal industry? We lost a way of life &u done nothing but go along
How can you quote the Bible when you know in your heart the entire ACA was based on lies, created by a man that said "the stupidity of....."
2/2 "of the American people will"allow us to push this bill through....
@SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @SenDeanHeller @lisamurkowski It's Biggest mistake GOP can make. If you don't agree in conference it's law!

Key footnote in the CBO score of skinny repeal—by tweaking one number, the defunding provision would apply to @PPact *& one other provider* 
ACA=HOT MESS @timkaine
Heard you acted like a fool tonight.  You embarrass our state.
#SkinnyRepeal is a #BigFatLie #SaveACA
Vote no on skinny health care.
Obama Care is crashing & must B fixed 10's of millions R losing their healthcare & millions will die if not fixed Democrats don't care
Thank you for speaking out against this GOP insanity. But you said the US is most compassionate. Obviously, in light of tonight, we aren't.
Doing it while the American people sleep - literally and figuratively #forshame
What's your source on this number? Majority of the millions you claim will "lose" insurance, will be dropping it as they are no longer fined
The blood of our citizens will be on the GOP's hands#TrumpIsKillingTheI
Is he weird or what? All coming from NJ O.Jackson. This 2020 i wouldnt want the eldest Trump son to run for office..it wouldnt b  healthy
Tim, quit being a problem and be the solution.... work with republicans....or be a asshat....your choice
It will allow millions that have seen premiums up 400% & deductibles at $14,000 to get lower costs. This is not health COVERAGE!
Their egos won't let them admit that this is way over their heads.
It's already lost...
Listen to us! Vote No!
Next election will show the results and they will harvest what they planted.
Thanks for fighting for us Tim. I have affordable insurance for the first time with ACA. I need it. I can't make it without it.
Help us send a message to Heller tonight- follow & donate to @RosenforNevada!!
And everyone's premiums are going to go up by 20%.
The #GOP is demonstrating profound malfeasance.

The US Senate is a joke at this point.
Lie
Thank you Senator Kaine, for fighting to #ProtectOurCare. Stay strong.
If the GOP wins this vote, this is @BarackObama's fault.  Silence.  Shame in him.
what in the world is wrong with the people elected to represent THE PEOPLE?!?! Not the wishes of some crack pot!
DEPLORABLE This is not a Democracy it's More like a Facist Demaguage Dictatorship @SenMikeEnzi Now Sabotaging Americas Health with Lies!
Ban GMO products that Gov forces on people.  Don't take tax $ away that are needed for health issues caused by GMOs.  All tax $ we pd. Sad!

Why didn't HRC go to WI?
Shouldn't be called skinny it should be called anorexic.
Fix the individual market Sen. Kaine. Where's your legislation? Where's the Kaine-Anyone act of 2017 to help self-employed families?
People actually believe you?  I thought this was a parody account
as a person who wasn;t covered by medicaid prior to Obamacare I am seeing every dr I can as quick as I can eyes, dentist, tip to tail
We are paying for you?  Glad that will be over soon.
Tim will wip your butt for you too!!!
Appreciated your statements, cannot believe @SenatorEnzi is running the clock & being so condescending
It's a terrible plan. #NoSkinny
Not being forced to buy something you didn't want is not "losing" something.
Do you make 7 figures yearly?  One serious accident or health problem will go into high 6 figures. Can you afford chemo out of pocket?
Sounds like Obamacare.
Then protect us and vote no and convince other senators to do same
Skinny repeal = ACA sabotage.
is @SenatorEnzi trying to make you guys fall asleep? Is this his weak attempt at lulling you into submission?
Rerun !
Budget Committee Chair lying, rambling, stalling, lies about jobs, lies abt Co-ops, lies about safety net, reading lie  but ..footnotes?!
Perhaps the best name is a crappy repeal?
Then advocate for Medicare for all, there's no chance of this Congress will ever voted in so why not.
Regardless a what they wanna call it...
It's a "STUPID" plan #StupidNotSkinny
What can we do? 34 minutes...
1.5 mil loose in Florida
Vote no! The jerk from Wyoming is very, very rude
What about #Ocare. You can keep you plans / Dr's and it will be cheaper. How about talk to @GOP and help / than hender
You're looking through their rose colored glasses.
Don't know if that's good or bad-lol-all I do know is none of them is doing their job. That's why I say REPLACE THEM ALL - DEMs & REPs
Agree!  Time to impose term limits. They're too anxious to go on vacation. #lastditchvote
I agree. Term limits for all
It's a plan 2 make every hardworking American skinny by making them choose betn food & medication, make them bankrupt & invite early death.!
Sorry but we knew it was coming.
Thank you for fighting for us.
keep fighting Senator!
Most of those didn't want health insurance in the first place. Senator, you will make a good snake oil salesman.
Thank you for fighting for us
You're voting yay right?

I think the salient point is that the Republicans were willing to hurt the country in exchange for a political victory ;
Stay strong , we need you!
Why won't @SenatorEnzi yield for a question?!
Thank you for keeping up the fight! 

#0Plan #FOODSTAMPBILL: Skinny bill is Ryan's fuzzy math bill. McCain & his Republican comrades voted against those dumb bills is my hero. 
Thank you for fighting for us
Go get 'em with amendments!!
20% increase is better than 50%-100% like many states got in 2017
20% next year. Then another 20% in 2019. Then again in 2020...through 2026.
That's "projected" the original cbo score for ACA was really off. Some states had more%+ every year under ACA
So more than $5160 in 2026. Swell.
Then do something Kaine! Your a big talker with ZERO results. I'm a Democrat too. Get something done will you
Keep fighting,Tim!
And dying -- don't forget the actual deaths.  History will judge.
Keep fighting, Senator!
Why didn't you vote for single payer/Medicare for all bill today? Voted "present" like a coward
This bill serves only as a political win for the GOP.  Not looking out for what's best for all Americans.
We aren't losing our healthcare. We are literally going to lose our lives.
@timkaine keep up the good fight! #SaveOurCare
#MidnightMassacre #FreedomfFomHealthcareAct #Shame!
Loved watching you speak just now!!  Thank you!  I wish you and HRC were in charge.  Such a tragedy for our country.  Thank you again
It must be stopped! Millions are going to suffer.
Yes we will!
So get in there and STOP it.
ENOUGH! I'm done with watching as GOP destroys my life,liberty &pursuit of happiness!To take away healthcare is insane! #VoteNo #GOPDontCARE
Fight Tim VA 8th with you
