Do you care about America, or your blind loyalty to your party?
Both? How about you? You are deaf, and blind if you can't hear Trumpf's lies, & see how he's destroying this country & our freedom!
Neither deaf nor blind.  Look at the economy, unemployment stock market.  Appears President atrump is making America great again.
OMG! That lying sack of knocks Obama every time he opens his face, and takes credit for everything Obama worked so hard to accomplish!
That's the difference, I'm glad you admit it.  Obuma tried, President Trump has succeeded.
Learn how to spell! You must have gone to Trumpf U?!
Wrong again & another loss for Dumbocrats. Trump always stated the ban was about security for Americans. Dems are liars & dividers. #MAGA
a partial victory? sliding the swamp into a cesspool of discrimination which will not improve our lives or status as freedom leaders imho
hehehe!!
He's all about hate! He wants public 2 think Muslims are going to attack us when all terrorist acts since 9/11 have been Home Grown citizens
Status quote for this president. He is a marketer who targets people's fears. But no substance. He is an empty shell. A bumper sticker.
Would you like to have them move in with you. Would you feel safe.
No question. Yes. I'm not afraid of Muslim immigrants.
You should be. Look at France Germany and Great Britten. Do you want this?
Sure. I'm more worried about the angry white male shooting up my local school or movie theater.
Maybe you should look at the future and not the past. With Muslims these things would double or triple. Keep Americans safe Mr. Kaine
Can @SenateDems check whether he's tried to put properties in those countries?It's odd no countries where he has one is banned.#Shakedown
OF COURSE THEY ARE!!!
Americans have more to fear from GOP congressional "terrorists" they will do us in with their horrible Deathcare.#KillTheBill
Amazing how often politics drives decision making and how often time proves us wrong when it was done at the expense of what was right.
They already had the 90 days to develope extreme vetting. Doesn't that make one of their main points moot?
And Trump had to lie about that too, saying it was unanimous. 6 to 3 is not 9 to 0 as Trump said.
.@TheDemocrats thrive on #jihad, destruction of #US #NatSec. .@timkaine s #lslam = #MuslimBrotherhood = #ISIS = #HAMAS = #CAIR. #SCOTUS
Senator Kaine regardless of what is said or not, the highest court has ruled. Please fight FOR Virginia and NOT AGAINST @POTUS.
Fighting for VA and against POTUS's poor judgement are not mutually exclusive.
Thank you Sen Kaine - proud to have you represent me. I am FAR more afraid of this administration than I am of immigrants/refugees.
Me too!
Yeah, the politics of securing the nation & putting its citizens first. Tough concept for you to grasp.
If potus really concerned would propose lots $ for more IT, law enforcement, social workers, psychologists to fight online radicalization.
It is clear from your words the safety of americans is not a priority
You guys are so out of touch with AMERICA support this president or be quiet
Speaking out is patriotic.
I suspect the court compromised so it didn't focus on just one people. I also think it gave then time to decide on a decision... in October.
Extortion by Trump. Pay to Play or get put on ban lists. Did his Saudi Lobbyists who got a White House job ever collude with ban list?
No. They are about the Constitution being for Americans and not foreigners. SCOTUS gets it.
You learned nothing from November?!? We didn't vote for you 4 a reason. Real fear is seeing the level of depravity in the left. #YouLost
Like the right is innocent get f*cking real Trump supporters have no sense or morals.
Bingo! 
Sat next to a woman from France on my flight yesterday.  Asked her about day to day life.Terrorism is a daily threat
She attributed it to bad immigration policies. So why don't you keep your nose out of National Security I don't want USA to become Europe
I don't want my children and grandchildren living I  that world I can also point out that I lived in Germany for 3 years in the mid 80s
The changes didn't occur overnight it took place over 20 years Just because you don't see an immediate danger doesn't mean it don't develop
Tiimmmaaaayyy!
You obviously don't even recognize a Constitutional no brainer with the 9-0 decision.   You are unqualified to hold office.
We need term limits to reduce the say anything do anything just to get re-elected.
It was supposed to last 90 days to give them a chance to review immigration policies. 90 days has passed. Why is it still needed?
This became a separation of powers issue.  Judicial overreach.  Had to make sure something like this never happens again.
You're so corrupt
Apparently #SCOTUS doesnt see it that way. But Im sure youre right.
Haha
The whole point was to give him 90 days to "figure out what is going on" and come up with a plan. Its been 6 months.  Where's the plan?
This became a separation of powers issue.  Judicial overreach.  Had to make sure something like this never happens again.
stoke it to the east, stoke it to the west, stoke it to the SCOTUS that I love best.... stoke it...
So glad that Mike Pence is our VP and not you.
Sorry Tim, best to run to Honduras now while you still can
Parts of Travel Order Set to Take Effect ~
Doesn't matter he is well within his right as Potus something you'll never know nothing about
He also needs to add countries that have provided terrorists that have killed our own. Saudi Arabia is one!
Absolutely. He doesn't seem to understand the courts limited what it can do and this will be heard in October. He acts pious over this.
no tim you're wrong .... sigh... once again .......
You couldn't be more wrong. It's all about national security bozo, your side doesn't care about the safety of America
Too bad the courts don't agree with you. Loser!!
You mean like, "if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor?" As a J Street supporter, what do U care about national security anyway?
I bet the "Russians" hypnotized the justices to alter the decision. Or maybe you are just mad because you lost the election.
Yeah that's pretty likely to happen...
I disagree with you It is a priority to keep Americans safe from terrorist. Look at the rest of the world and see whats happening.
Sigh, yet again you listened but did not hear. Try standing up for Virginia.
SCOTUS decision today proved liberal opposition to @POTUS executive order was based on politics, not law
Timmy, you lost and election is over. No need to embarrass yourself with negative campaign talk.
Sorry. You lose. Peace out!
9-0 quit yer whining and get to work Making America Great Again! #scotus
Unlike you Senator, President Trump is trying to protect our Homeland.   What have you done to protect our borders and American citizens?
R U serious u nut-job? He's putting the safety of Americans unlike other useless politicians.I live N Europe, its no joke the threat is real
You lose again, timmy
Your interpretation of other people's words. Such bullshit is probably why your son is the violent punk he is. and ended up in jail over it
SCOTUS voted 9-0 on the Travel Ban.......
Thank God you are not Vice President #MAGA
Tim I think we need to look into a golf course ban for the President. It's clearly a problem
Politics & fear are yr primary weapons. Must hard to claim someone else is using them too.
liberals know all about stoking fear though "millions will die" whatever, legitimate terror concerns #trump political agendas.
Go count some votes. Sad
Sour grapes?
You and the rest of the democrats need to get your act together. we have a criminal/traitor running the country go 4 jugular! Stop insanity
You could just move. Thanks
Move where Rocky? I do not support a liar/felon/traitor for president- u should move- how about Russia?
Canada? Thanks
What's in Canada that isn't here?A moral intelligent prime minister,healthcare for all.I'd rather stay in MY country n fight. #ImpeachPrison
You have a very short memory
Good thing the law prevailed!
You and Hillbot really thought that importing hundreds of thousands of muslims from the hotbed of radical islam was what America needed. sad
Settled law, get over it loser.
You need some new shtick because this chicken little routine is getting old
His words are in black and white on the EO and it states nothing about which you describe. SCOTUS agrees UNANIMOUSLY!
Traitors like you - who would lower the drawbridges to declared enemies of America - will be one day be convicted and hanged
Okay.  Prove ur not concerned. Abolish ur private police force. We don't have one so u can do w/o too. Abolish capital police
Any update re russia collusion? I'm bored today and you guys in dem party are perfect for my entertainment
But The Jews!!!!  I Mean Muslims!!!!!
You're just another Clinton crony who promotes hatred & doesn't care about the safety of .
Vale mas k Los jueces en SCOTUS no son politicos charlatanes. Usted con la Reina de Las mentiras? Porfa Senador, porfa.
Senator....may I remind you of the actual decision.  9-0, even the Justices on the "left" voted in favor.  You know bipartisanship works.
And it's  also about his massive ego and power trip.
He's got to keep the base scared.
I support @POTUS & @Scotus for doing what is necessary to keep the US from becoming Europe. My vote is for those who support the president.
Yup!
Of cours, otherwise he would have started a review of the vetting process already in place. Continue con.
you may be right . But the issue is whether he has authority . Obama's best friend shouldn't control the elected prez!
Yeah because Tim Kaine can read minds and is way smarter at figuring things out than SCOTUS.
Oh Tim,that's a low blow even for you. Hate rhetoric
Bwaahaahaa. Your own words you mean?
it is not.He has the Authority to Protect American Citizens That is any Presidents #1 Job.I wanted a complete ban since 9/11
Travel ban: 120 days
Trump in office: 157 days

If there was a true insufficiency in our screening, it should have been identified and fixed
This was a separation of powers issue.  Judicial overreach.  Had to be fought so it never happens again.
yeah, i didn't get that...  sounds more like something you said.
There's politics, then there's the law. You'd do well to learn the difference.
Now tell the people how many terrorist you have in Virginia! There's many, thanks to Obama.
It's over.  Supreme Court has spoken.  Enough!!
True, we could have already performed a review of screening if Security was really the concern. Making this court effort mute. RUSE!
It's clear by your own mantra of resist and obstruct that you arent willing or able to work for the American people
you can't even control your own son.  Stop the rhetoric.
Words? 1st Amendment applies to @POTUS too.  National Security is his decision to make as President, not yours! America spoke 4 Trump! #MAGA
Not really. Minority of citizens support him.
100% agreed. It was a get elected cry for nasty folks. He doesn't give a damn about safety. If he did, he wouldn't be cramming AHCA through.
We the people, elected Potus.  The Supreme Court has ruled.  Do your job Senator stop the rhetoric
Other presidents, including Obama, imposed similar bans w/o dem objections. The Dems appear to be attempting a coup of the USA.
Reality:  It's clear SCOTUS sees the travel ban blocks by lower court so-called judges, aka activists, were improper. Pres Trump was right.
@GOP @HouseDemocrats @CNN @FoxNews @OANN Like your son, abide by the laws. The Supreme Court has spoken, so shut up and abide.
Seems that #scotus disagrees with you dip stick.
9-0
He would have came out looking stronger had he dropped the lawsuit and showed the progress they wanted the 120 day window to accomplish.
Kaine likes to tweet too, but not for the same reason Trump does. Kain's last rally had~30 people show up.
Mostly family. Sad
Yeah, I was sad too. Dems chose Kreepy Klown to Run With Her, and ran even more voters off. Still laughing sadly
Supreme Court hasn't said that has it?
Then let the courts decided.  Why didn't HRC go to WI again?
Get over it. You keep losing and cant se why. You are so anti American. You raise a child to act like an imbicile. Stop being an ass.
Not clear at all. The resist strategy is not working. Speaking of working, you spend more time on twitter than anybody I know. Go to work!
How's it feel to be a loser ? Is this worst than Nov 8th ?
Even Ginsburg doesn't care about his words.
I'm not sure a temporairy ban during President Obama's administration was granted, wasn't it?
Which, in and of itself, decreases national security.
Pls keep being OUR voice this is NOT what USA is about 1st X NOT proud 2 b an American strange how DT does biz w/other Muslim countries
Poor girl. Things are just moving too fast for you. A little educational would help.
Isn't the 90 day period they needed ban for up? Why now do they need more time? What was the credible threat they told to #SCOTUS ?
Think the clock starts after fall session completes
Wasting time burdening SupremeCourt w/just more work because "PRESIDENT IN TRAINING"! "TRUST ME I'M NOT A POLITICIAN"! Creating more work! 
The lower courts stupidity is what bogs down there courts.  9 the circuit overturned 80% of the time.  There is your waste.
One only need look at the number of terrorist attacks by Muslims in America.
None of whom were refugees, all here legally, majority US citizens
Silly girl, you are so wrong.
Please run for PRESIDENT in 2020 Senator Kaine! You're ready, qualified(over) you're what this Country needs. Thanks for all you do
And make sure you pick Maxine Waters. As running make. She is gonna peach Trump. Dimwits.
Yes, please run, we beg you, Pelosi as a r-mate perhaps, or how about your son, it would be a pleasure defeating you
Imagining Trump sitting by his phone waiting for Koch Bros call
SCOTUS has spoken. Shut up and sit down you hack
Who are you again?
Go cry in your closet  
You're exactly wrong. It was the opponents (including the ridiculous lower courts) who were playing politics. SCOTUS is correct.
Go read constitution, Cecil. Part in there about discrimination & religion.
too bad trumps base is uneducated to see what travel ban truly was about not natl security more about race against Muslims
You can motivate a lot of people with fear, but it's not a lasting emotion. Motivate people with love, it can last a lifetime.
So tired of it..fear of other races e, fear of others' religions (despite Jefferson and other FF being careful to protect Islam too)
Fear of hell, fear of how uncontrolled women will act, fear of change, fear of moving from home, that's THE GOP MSG
on founding fathers and islam-
It's a cheap tool...make ppl so afraid they think they "NEED" your party's protection against the evil liberals protecting those "others"
All politicians use fear to make us think that we need them. Vote for me or your family and friends will all die.
That is so true it's like a baseball game. I got another hit,I scored again. With no understanding the results of what it means or cares!!!!
Please do something about this ignoramus of a president!!
Try supporting the winner instead of whining like a sore loser.
Tim Kaine loser irrelevant swamp dwell. Back under your rock
yes, please call this out. Trump likes to create fear, a classic authoritarian gambit.
So what is going to stop retaliation from those countries in the ban????
Keep fighting for Virginia, Sen Kaine!
No it's not you not seeing what's happening in England that's why he is the potus and Hillary is not go away now
Says the guy who raised a kid to riot in the streets!!
Noooo, YOU'RE intentions are more about politics and stoking fear using DIVISIVENESS pitting US citizens against each other!
Whoops!  Autofill.. YOUR...
This administration is beyond evil
HAHA TIMMY!! So much winning!!  #MAGA
#BankFraudBernie
NAZI LOL!!
A Nazi is an anti Semite national socialist fascist.... I'm none of those!!! 
Just cuz I disagree with you doesn't mean I'm a Nazi
