Scope of the damage in Puerto Rico in the aftermath of Hurricane Maria is so wide that US aid is hard to see. http://apne.ws/NgTkapJ 
Please help Puerto Rico. The no-good so-called president doesn't have a clue what the H he's doing. He is out of his league.

POTUS realize these r Americans?
Yes, but brown skinned.
What has congress done?
oh how come you're not habla espanol in your opportunistic style you cultural appropriator
Heartbreaking and to see and the things Trump seems focused on makes me sick. People who put him there should be ashamed!
I'm sure if you were Vice President would of been done right after what a shame.
Hasn't that man done enough to prove he is a clear and present danger to the American people?
You are a liar. Same meme after hurricane hit. Quit disrespecting.
Please hurry.  No need for Trump to go unless he brings lots of supplies and &$$$.
Just do it

The president is doing a great job appeasing to Russia, fighting the NFL, and Taunting the only world leader crazier than he is.
https://www.facebook.com/cheryl.tobey.5/posts/1809918302370498 …
When Navy ship Comfort should have been there 6 days ago along with Marines, Army Coast Guard and Navy! I'm pretty sure Air Force could help
As your constituent who voted for you I would like to ask: how can you convince GOP to help PR?
So DO something !!!
Please suspend Jones Act. #SavePuertoRicoNow
Nobody should count on this president
Especially if you're brown!
They're already getting help, you're late bro
So why have they starving? Wanna trade places?
Don't let Americans turn our faces away from other Americans so we can't see the suffering.
How many think maybe things just don't get done as fast for brown skin Americans?
Our navy can bring supplies to any beach for a war but not for #PuertoRico hurricane relief & rescue?
They are there.
There is help and aide there don't fall for the lefts narrative that it's not.
As far as Trump is concerned, Puerto Rico is in the country illegally.
Support McCain's letter to Homeland Security demanding the Jones Act be immediately waived for PR. Delay of goods to PR is despicably cruel.
Someone please tell #45 that the residents of Puerto Rico are US citizens! JFC! #TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNOW
Please, we need help.
Back John McCain's initiative! -a Virginia voter
Senator my wife's family is suffering in the northwest part of the island.  Anything you can do to help we would be so grateful!
Surely Timmy must be in PR right now with plans to remain until it is rebuilt;if not, wouldn't that make him a hypocrite?Of course it would.
You must compel fed govt to lift #JonesAct why doesn't #PuertoRico, an ISLAND deserve what TX & FL were immediately given?
Trump says shipping industry doesn't wanna!
Airdrop! Helicopters! Set up stations via airdropping people and resources. Build out from there.
Why Congress? We should have process set up to snap to and solve issues. No need to reinvent the wheel.
Thank you! Please  waive the Jones Act during this crisis! And mobilize congress to put a funding package together
Words mean very little... Please act now. I'm a constituent of yours and my people in #PuertoRico need your help.
Aid is already there & more on way. Troops deployed before Irma. FEMA cargo ships & barges there/on way. Stop insinuating there are issues.
Please help!! Situation is very dire.  Waive/repeal Jones Act.
Like, today
Love you @timkaine!  Please get LOUD.......Scream, accuse, pitch an absolute fit!!!  You know, like what @HouseGOP do all the damn time!! 
Now. Glad to see you’re paying attention.
It’s already being taken care of no thanks to Dems. Go back to sleep and do you know where your Terrorist Kid is?
@AP 
https://www.bing.com/videos/search?q=clinton+on+immigration&view=detail&mid=68F56E67615572F5354D68F56E67615572F5354D&FORM=VRRTAP&vrvid=68F56E67615572F5354D68F56E67615572F5354D%3bDAFF67C69E76902EE329DAFF67C69E76902EE329&PC=APPL …
The ocean is too big.
Trump’s tweeting is like Nero fiddling as Rome was burning.  We know how that ended, Rome was Not made gr8 again.
Problem is Puerto Rico basically destroyed its own infrastructure before the storm, then declared bankruptcy and now wants us to pay to fix.
Time to end perpetual wars and repurpose the US military to do relief work.
The coming years are only going to be worse.
Swords 2 Plowshares
What is Congress doing?
Please help them realize the error of the Jones Act and at least temporarily suspend it.
REPEAL JONES ACT FOR GOOD
#TrumpsKatrina is #PuertoRico
More Timmy LIBERAL BULLSHIT AND LIES!!!!!!!!!
Please get aid to the SW side of the island! All the focus is on San Juan but Cabo Rojo, Aguadilla, Mayaguez, Boqueron...need help too
Waive the Jones Act!
Ha!!! if you’re waiting on Congress Puerto Rico is screwed-
Too stupid to check with FEMA?

Yeah a week ago! Where's the help? The mayor of San Juan last night was begging for help! Where's the big ships lined up waiting to dock???
Certainly people are going to start dying as a result of the lack of assistance and this will be on Trump. People there are desperate.
Lift the Jones Act
Is it possible to deploy troops to #PuertoRico to help with the rapid response? (Which at this point isn't so rapid.)?
Already been done....


Because it’s not happening yet. Trump seemed to want them to stew in it for a while.
Waive Jones Act and fight to eliminate it! This Act has caused more damage to Puerto Rico than good. PERIOD.
With 2000 US and 2000 UK troops, it is still not enough. Can we find out from troops what is needed to help?
Please speak to what Congress is doing @MarkWarner @RepComstock
Like Tim really gives a rats ass, keeping ACA is just a slow hurricane wiping out America every day
#WaiveJonesAct for PR!
Suspend the #JonesAct. Now!
@timkaine what about the US Virgin Islands! Those people need our help too!
NEED CONGRESS TO FORCE ANYONE LIVING ON AN ISLAND TO HAVE MEGA INS COVERAGE FOR TIMES LIKE THESE
You are Congress, get it moving!
Perhaps Senator a bill could be passed before everyone leaves for the weekend. People in PR and US VI can't take a day off.
Senator Kaine, please push for more aid. Trump just declined to waive the Jones Act. Unconscionable! #JonesAct
THIS IS US RESPONSE UPDATE 1-U.S. denies request for Puerto Rico shipping waiver
How long has it been since the Hurricane?? U.S. too slow to send aide.
What r u doing about it?
What did #Obama & Dems, along with #PR governor do to prepare for inevitable hurricanes? @FoxNews
Lift the Jones Act bar
That Congress hasn't acted is damning evidence that #RacistGOP isn't just a hashtag, but a reality. Young GOPs are horrified by PR response.
why didn't you sign Senator Elizabeth Warren's letter?
Because he knows she mentally unbalanced.
#JonesAct
Sorry, Trump is too busy talking about his popularity this morning. Priorities, you know!
You'd think this was a 3rd world country with his distribution is being handled
This family was left with nothing and people are beginning to get kicked out of shelters
I'm sure the good ppl in FEMA and the military are doing all they can. Ur tweet immediately lies they are not
Until Trumpster sees Puerto Ricans as "fellow Americans" it ain't Going to Happen.
He'd Help Slovenia before Peurto Rico.
@timkaine what will you be doing to push for more aid to reach all of Puerto Rico? Those are Americans who need our help
This is what an #Honorable Vice President does!
He knows ALL Lives Matter! Republican States-TX, FL
#PuretoRico #VirginIslands matter too!
It appears you're the 'I have no problem sending our future generations into poverty left' too...
Please suspend the Jones Act! Let help come in, this is not the time for antiquated shipping restrictions. #PuertoRico #prselevanta
Tomorrow It Could Your STATE. ..FLINT MI Still Not Fixed. ..They Ask Why We #TakeAKnee Every Sunday?? .For Racial Justice In America
Please demand the deployment of our troops, red horse, Seabees, etc. We have trained them. This is a war against disease & death.
Oh, if only you and @HillaryClinton were RIGHTLY in office we would never be here. #PuertoRico #AmorPorPuertoRico
Ummm you know they can't control weather, right?
WhatEVER, bonehead. if you're too dense like your so-called prez, then I can moron 'splain it to you: SHE would'VE already taken care of PR
when will there be a vote? is anything being done to get an aid packaged passed?
