#25thAmmendmentNow #2545NOW #25the45 GET him out now
We are not exceptional.
It is a genocide.
Yea.. those hurricanes completely targeted the island. It’s Trump’s fault, and anyone that disagrees with you is racist. Got it.
Letting people die and pretending its all ok is Trump's fault.
Who said anyone is going to die? Your opinion isn’t scaring anyone. You should be scared of single payer.
I am scared of morons who still think this President is anything other then a dangerous POS.
It IS unacceptable in my vision of America. But then my vision would have everyone getting along just fine. Oh well.
I agree - so where were you before the storm as their electric utility went to shit thanks to neglect & corruption?
17th Transp Group or 26th Marine Div should have been deployed 3 weeks ago, and USNComfort is not getting used
#PuertoRicoReliefNOW
@CarmenYulinCruz should have been putting pressure on her Governor, making him pressure @potus instead of putting herself on his target list
We are not America at this moment. We are in hell.
What can we as individuals do, if the government steps out?
this is unacceptable, help our fe!low Americans In PR
Please help our fellow Americans.  Get our neighbors clean water and food.  This is insane. Send troops Send help
You can thank decades for poor Democrat management there for that! Their own Governor said it was destroyed before the hurricane.  #KaineBS
What can we do to help? Not sure where to donate to ensure proceeds will go to Puerto Rico.
@Bethenny Frankel's organization is collecting funds for Puerto Rico.  100% goes to charity.  To Donate @ http://www.bstrongdeliveringgood.org/bstrong/ 
The electricity has been a long term problem
I have missionaries there and have been for years and all that u say has been that way forever so y make like u care. Typical liberals
Agreed.  So should the mass murder of 58 people, and #45 calling for press control, stripping rights..on we go.  GOP??
Will take outcry from the public, just like in #saveACA - @realdonaldtrump will never assume responsibility 4 where "buck stops" #PuertoRico
So let’s fix it. Really. Get boats, load them up, let’s go! I’m serious. If we can get 1M peeps on DC in Jan. We can do this. #NotLosers
Are you proposing that the state take over the electrical grid?
Not what the FEMA website says so which is fake news?
So you running in 2020??
Yes. Please run. The republicans could run a dish towel and beat Minnesota Tim.
And @realDonaldTrump said he was doing such a GREAT job!!  Oh maybe that was a "joke" too?!
E did ! Don't talk about ehT u know nothing
Illegals murdering American citizens like hundreds do each year in Virginia should be illegal.
Can sort of tell they can't vote in a Presidential election.
Americans should be mad. lifetime politicians have put us $20T in the  then act surprised when government doesn't run smoothly
Why.  America  cares. More.  Other. Contry. And. Don t. Concentrate  for. American  citizen  i am an. American citizen  stranded in italy
A lot of things are unacceptable yet one been caring
Get off ur  ass and be part of the solution not part of the problem work together u Representatives  r accomplishing nothing and tax suffer
Your correct.
Instead of giving money to Iran,  maybe it should have been put into the infrastructure of the territory
It is unacceptable but what can we do?
But it is an island, in the middle of bigly water.  Lol
Make it happen in fixing PR lives
So we’ve literally sent hundreds of millions of dollars in aid but the crisis is escalating? When do we start questioning local government?
You should be unacceptable in America!
It is.
No and St Croix and St Thomas need help too!
So legislate. Stop waiting for the Republicans to lead. They are all busy trying to save their careers.
And water still out and the FEMA supplies going missing... and and and
now dying from contaminated stream water that is only source of water...
Deplorable
Should be, but its not. Why is that?
Do something about PR. Don’t just tweet about it.
Hypocrite
Racketeering by govt agencies with mandate to obstruct justice that should not b in America but it is
Senator, taking this issue to the floor of the Senate may be the most important thing you can do now. Raise your voice. Help. -virginiavoter
You are unacceptable to America
You don't know what your talking about, reduce taxes is better for the country then welfare programs get the facts straight
Senator, please take this to the floor! These people need help NOW! We need FULL military operation there!
#militarytopuertoriconow
Military is there now, genius.
PR -a constant worry. Disbelief that DT and FEMA are treating them so badly. Can they be charged? Help is needed, make PR better than ever.
Yes, it should!
Solar
No "should be" about it. It is unacceptable. My heart breaks for my fellow humans. This. Is. Not. Okay. We must do better.
We need to put Gen Honore in charge
Governor this is Survival spt ,you should be having Distribution Points PODs w food/water in each town your people are bring screwed @AC360
Timmy u r a . Where is ur proof of these fake news stories. #HillaryRottenClinton LOST/U LOST. Hint #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether
Disgraceful.
WOW
No, it IS unacceptable. Full stop.
Evidently the Republicans don’t really think Puerto Rican’s are Americans
It IS unacceptable. DO SOMETHING!
I don’t believe this is true. Besides you have no idea the challenges  FEMA is dealing with. This isn’t Florida or Texas it’s Puerto Rico
It's not a matter of "belief", its FACT.  Half don't have power, water, or phone access.
It is unacceptable in America. Just not the WH.
Our fellow citizens are starving, they are starving, eating plants like in famine times. This is the ONLY story. This is EVERYTHING.
Most of these problems already existed!!
Tim. I think your pictures were messed up. Try this one
Why are you not asking"Why is a territory, prone to hurricanes, unable to bury their power infrastructure?" Things that make you say Hmmm
Go down there and do something
so should murdering babies but you &,your kind keep killing babies !
What r you doing? What solutions r u offering? GO!
Can't the Senate do anything about this?
Have heard reports that the aid to PR is in the form of loans? Was that the same for Houston and Florida? What about aid for California?
Quit lying. Island time is sloooooooow time.
Blame the #media that focus on daycare fight between baby #Trump & others instead of millions of Americans suffering.
Huh?  The media isn't in charge of policy.  Blame falls 100% on our government.
this is unacceptable
As Someone Who Left The Island On Saturday I Can Attest To The Fact That Progress Is A Small Fraction Compared To The Ample Plight Of P.R.
Then why isn't congress doing something. Help them
Dear #Dotard #Narcissist #SOCIOPATH #PathologicalLiar realDonaldTrump, this happening in #PuertoRico now. Do your job! They're AMERICANS
But it's okay for est. 4.5+ million homeless on the mainland. 1.5M being children.
So should 17% of Virginia children are hungry
Give them the money. Make the mile high club cabinet members reimburse those wasted charter flights. Would be a start
What do you know about the "Mile high club"
Who runs that country again?
Still waiting for your ideas/solutions?  What do you suggest other than casting aspersions & hyperbole?
Kaine you uninformed moron. Thank god your not vp. Puerto Rico never had a fully working electrical grid. You want a new place from a bad 1.
Agreed. If only you were an influential member of Congress who could do more than have a staffer Tweet this in your name
What is #POTUS #Trump doing to #SavePuertoRico? Oh, sorry, he forgot about it after throwing some paper towels.
#AlternativeFacts
#FakeNews
Arent you an elected official of this govt? What did your party do the last 8 yrs to help PR prepare? What will YOU do to help?
They are not forgotten by their fellow citizens. I and others are volunteering as much  time as we can sorting, loading delivering suplies.
Fix it or shut up. You make Maxine W. Look intelligent.
of distress to increase survivability.
critical thinking, which is necessary for problem solving in real time. We also need to teach our children not to control panic in times/8
they end up alone young, or once grown, be more capable of providing for family and contributing to community. Plus, these topics aid in/7
So should lying about 4 the death of 4 Americans in Benghazi but you and the Butcher had no problem doing that did you?
So should lying about your previous tweets and being racist, but you have not problem with doing that did you?
Why are you not relocating citizens to shelters here on mainland?
They are coming to Reading PA, city is preparing for them
If you have a problem go help Puerto Rico and quit whining. Negative words don’t do any good. There is little infrastructure to get it done.
is important today as well, but if parents and schools cooperated on these basics first, that child would stand a better chance should/6
I agree!   Are u going to run for President?????
knowledge. It's the knowledge of anatomy, farming, gathering, hunting, etc. that are the facts necessary to carry on. Yes, other knowledge/5
of life, some of which was avoidable with basic survival skills. Public schools need to focus more on those before moving on to other/4
THIS!!!
lost the ability to survive independently. It is tragic what happened, but not b/c of the loss of electricity. It's tragic b/c of the loss/3
electricity provided by an infrastructure that is truly fragile that when it goes down people panic, starve, loot. We as a nation have/2
What are you doing about it? your people are holding back supplies. Love the decisive,divisive  hrc supporter. Glad pence a better man
You know who must think Puerto Rico is a different country & exports illegal "Mexicans" to the U.S. Someone should explain they're citizens.
TBH, people need to know how to survive w/o electricity b/c of incidents like this, especially in U.S.. We have gotten so dependent on the/1
Need clean water urgently. Long term Need help pushing a)realistic aid pckge b)repeal Jones Act. How do we get this done?
NoVA here. Agreed Sen. So what is our VA delegation doing about it? As of today 4 deaths from Leptorisis bacteria, + patients been treated.
Keep pushing for mr kaine. PR NEEDS TO BE IN THE SPOT light.
What have you done? Dems destroyed PR under Obama you and Hillary would not have done anything.
I don't think you can blame Dems for a hurricane that hit Puerto Rico under Trump's watch.  You can try, but Americans are not stupid!
So instead, blame Trump? Do you see the irony here?
It is unacceptable in America.  If Dotard can't do his job, he needs to get out of the way
Don't distract us with this. We're trying to focus on kneeling and Weinstein. Much more politically important to our White House.
.@LindseyGrahamSC THIS IS WHAT YOU SHOULD FOCUS ON NOT BOGIES & GOLF SCORES! SHAME ON YOU! Remember the Diaspora will come to SC & VOTE BLUE
Sad! Each day something new out of the WH that cause fear in America.
Only for the fearful, the rest of the country is opptomistic, if only the politians put America First instead of there own interests
It is
It is unacceptable
Why don't you Give the donation that you got from Harvey Weinstein to Puerto Rico.
It’s like another “Good Job Brownie” moment - just more like #GoodJobBrock 

It’s despicable and unacceptable
It's far worse than that.
Why would anyone believe a lieing  loser who is suffering from an acute case of sour grapes
Good thing its in puerto rico, huh?
Da but dey are brown, so not American right? Thoughts that's how "Murican logic worked... 
Their electrical grid was busted to begin with.
Helping OR is the governors responsibility too. He won't use prepa to avoid paying debt. It's scandalous.
It used to be

Then GOP took over sandbox

Now unless you are rich, White and an a**hole, they could care less except if it hits Wallet
And yet, Congress is sitting by, accepting it.  Our government is failing on all levels.
it was bill Clinton who ruined pr by crippling them with taxes
Please keep staying loud. This is now edging on a humanitarian disaster as medical professionals are sounding alarms :( @NIH
So what’s the answer there are more that 15000 govt people on the ground, piles of food and water, hospitals are functioning. Whats PR doin?
What can we do Trump's not doing a Damn thing but if it was him he would and remember the two scoops of ice cream
As a US Congressman what are you doing about this? What is your plan?
Tim's only game plan is just to cast aspersions and hyperbole.  He has no solutions
It's still the third world, no matter what you call it.
Well then how about you and rest of liberal millionaires donate some of your cash cows
You understand what total destruction means?? And you must, you were Hillary's runningmate
The only thing unacceptable are unreasonable dunce liberals, that use this as political capital.
No, it IS UNACCEPTABLE!
It was.
LIES
And yet.
