Trump's HIT SQUAD making the U.S. like the Soviet Union! Families are torn apart. Trump = ISIS recruitment tool!
You are a patriot, Senator Kaine. Your work is very, very much appreciated.
If you break the law, there should be consequences... if someone broke into your home, u wouldn't welcome them to stay, would u?!?
The "Land of the Free" is significantly different than your house.
So you welcome them to the land as long as it's not 'your' land
So ICE is now profiling on basis of ethnicity and poverty? Are all homeless Hispanics assumed non-citizens? Unjustifiable.
yes Tim, it is odd that federal workers are doing there job. Huge departure from last 8 years. #ICE #alexandria #NoVA
@Raul956 How did we get to where lawmakers practically have to beg for info from Customs/BP muppets?
@samswey Thank you Senator.
your wife got a hack job? Not surprising
do you really want to support people in our community who openly break the law?
I got some details for you. They're illegal, and they should get thrown the hell out.
You mean like Guadalupe in Arizona who checked in every year like clockwork?
if there here illegally they should be deported
by creating chaos?
we already have chaos! Illegal immigration is the definition of chaos,legal immigration would be law and order
So now we have to worry about having our "papers" when going to church? Maybe you won't - white privilege!
I don't know where you've been but I've needed my papers my whole life! They get ck'ed all the time
just more proof religious freedom only pertains to the religions that @potus @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr like
Good work, Senator Kaine.
do you want to keep dangerous illegals in your state to prey on innocent citizens #timkaine #VA voters remember
I am not paying for their kids to go to school or put Police on the street if they are in gang. They use the Church to get status
stop trying to dig dirt. ICE is finally doing what they are supposed to do. Don't obstruct the law or you could go to jail. Backup
@potus @FoxNews Illegal aliens are breaking immigration law. Stop using my tax dollars to support law breakers.
Mr. Kaine,..do your job, support THE LAWS of this Nation!! We ARE going to vote you out of office!! from a Veteran I love the USA!
Thank you!
God bless you for doing mission work I know you are close with Hispanics. But they must go home if they are illegal aliens.
Thank you @timkaine #imstillwithyou
Have you received a response to this? Is there any more info available? Thank you for your compassion in regard to this issue!
ICE is finally allowed to do their job.  Voices of people have spoken with vote of Trump. Wake up. Tick tock.. va election coming.
demanding
Thank you!
This madness must stop. You and the rest of the Senate must act to stop this un-American action. NATIONAL DISGRACE
thank you Senator Kaine
@deray Thank you Senator #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #freedaniel
@deray Enough requests. Make demands!
Thank you, Senator @TimKaine.
we need to get rid of ICE and let everyone into our country. We can save money by cutting ICE too.
You sure Evangelicals didn't turn them in.
Follow the law Timmy. Or maybe we'll have to pick you up -
@BrandonAZDB1234 Thank you Mr. Vice President!
@LiberalMmama GO get 'em, Sen Kaine.
Thank you!
Only question to ask as United States Senator upholding this countries laws: Were they here illegally?
this ICE raid shocked the neighborhood. Everyone is on edge. Children are now afraid the schools & school bus stops will be raided
thank you!
Thank you! Hope is renewed with each act of support. The lives of so many depend on those who can to speak up.
/ Stirring up misleading info on ICE raid for political puposes.  U didn't fuss when Obama did it.
Still waiting on a response?
they r illegals that have committed crimes.Some r drug dealers who want 2sell drugs 2 ur child U have to ask urself do I want that
When are you going to start working for the United States instead of AGAINST it??????????? Better yet: JUST RETIRE NOW!
thank you, stand up, resist
you're like herpes, just keep coming back.
@marcylauren This is a disaster. How the hell do we allow this creep to guild our country. This is a diversion . FOCUS ON TREASON
Thank you for raising questions.
Keep the good work, we don't want to live in a police state.
thank you @ICEgov !
Thank you.
Steve Miller & Steve Bannon &  trump are all white supremacist racists why is he bei allowed to do this?IMPEACH trump
mr kaine I think trump has over stepped his authority as a President. This man is racist mentally unstable. Bannon &miller racist
keep fighting for us
What part of the word "ILLEGAL" do you NOT understand?
thank you!!

We have laws. Millions of immigrants follow them. Deport the ones who CHOSE not to.
America is broke.
If I broke the law, used 5 different names and social security cards to collect welfare does that make me a criminal?
So Nan, are you ready to go pick strawberries for a living?

It is against the law to harbor criminals.  Tell illegal immigrants to call their church in Mexico to support them.
You afraid they picked up your gardeners?
ICE is doing a good job. They have been working harder to protect US than any Dem in the past 8 years! 
Good job Trump!!!
Did u request information on any of the 2 million immigrants that Obama deported?
no such thing as a church providing sanctuary that's n the movies. If ur housing criminal illegals they're going to b deported.
Yes, let's live in a police state.
I didn't know about you til @HillaryClinton picked you but would've loved to have you as #VP! #StrongerTogether
@davethetenor I wish those who feel we shouldn't enforce our laws or borders would come clean with their open border policy
Good for you. The ICE operations of late have created a stain on our great nation which grows larger each day.
Trump is doing the job you ignored so you could get votes. You have not protected VA, and then complain when he does it. Sad.
say again?? Clearly this time. Thanx.
Who's side are you one?  This is America. Your supposedly a US Senator.   Your not paid to worrry about anyone. It American's
it's called doing their jobs. Something u democrats should try sometime instead of whining all the time
whining to you..standing up for what is right is what WE call it!
so going as far from the American moral compass is what's right?
loiks like the ICE is running around collecting people like the Gestaupo!?
@tresamused gotta start demanding.
Thank you for standing up for those of us who are most vulnerable.
Thank you Tim Kaine for your concern &compassion for those who may not have the power to protect themselves frm an inhumane agenda
It doesn't work like this any more.
@ABC13News you are most likely just a sore loser and still looking for votes-doubtful you even care about those ppl
why dont u take a loooooooong vacation Tim
thank you
@kenyabonvivant Need action. Please work with the House  to check Twittler into the boards, &  grant citizenship to all americans!
Your disregard for the laws that protect legal US citizens shows you have no place in our country's govt.  #votekaineout #MAGA
I'm so glad that you pointed that out. How about the people who commit treason...like that bad hombre named Mike Flynn?
Like the MSM, you want to distract from the fact that Kaine thinks our laws can/should be broken if fits his agenda.
no I don't want to dismiss. But I also don't want children terrorized, thrown into an over run foster care.
How we can treat ppl like this in the US?  Makes me sick!  My grandfathers migrated from Germany when Germans weren't liked!
oh no hysteria. This happens everyday.  3.3 million times under Obama
the answer is Jeff Sessions...
thank you. This is almost next door to me. Will they detain my neighbors next? Or me?!
Thank you senator. This is just sickening.
thank you Senator Kaine! Keep up the good work!
thank you!
wcg50 Senator why Do you lock your doors do u let anyone in ur house why should America??
why is ICE targeting mothers with kids who are us citizens instead of the "bad hombres",gangs, and drug lords?  Very easy targets?
fake news
please look in2 Gorka. Bannon role in foreign policy w/ G is ver scary. Who is looking out 4 US? FULL investgt n2 T Russ ties.
agreed. When are you leaving for Europe?
How so deplorable? Where are you getting your numbers?
usually they raid "ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS" could they be hunting for the MS13 gangsters that murdered the 15 year old in Virginia?
Get over it.
thank you sir!
and annandale. None of this is acceptable
thank you!!!! Very alarming
it's shameful what's going on in our country
Then get Congress to write new laws or get a new country.

Why don't you just ask your buddies at NYT. They should be able to create a good story you can use in your rhetoric.
Thank you, Sen. Kaine.  I want to know more, too.
you are one of my few favorites on the Senate right now! Keep up the good work! 

LOL.  Faux.
