Treasury fines ExxonMobil $2 million for violating Russia sanctions while Tillerson was CEO http://politi.co/2ucQb6L  via @vtg2 
Lets begin impeachment !
No one cares.  How is your anti-america, traitor son behaving?  Former Democrat
That comment is snarky even for you Tim
Outrageous!
@politico @vtg2 Treason as usual.
Remember that we have a cabinet and leader that don't care about facts or crimes. Well, maybe if someone else does the crime.
#TimKaine, as US Senator, has time to comment on a $2 million fine on Exxon, when that's a drop in the bucket for them. #fool
Tim! Traitor & disgrace to all Christians! God is watching your words & Actions! Would not want to be you! Praying 4 your demented Soul
Will there be another Cabinet mtg (there's on been one since Jan, correct?) Will be more than going around room, praising Trump?
As there should be praise for our greatest President since Reagan #MAGA
And it's true, greatness is best assessed by those whom the President has appointed, in the first 6 months in office.
@politico @vtg2 Exxon can afford more than 2m. Make it hurt
No, 'cause lifting sanctions are the new black.
So
This entire administration is just crooked. Trump drained the swamp and refilled it with worse slime.
Only $2 million?
Ya, that's how they can say "Look we're not giving special treatment to Rexxon cuz he is in govt!" While not actually causing them any harm.
They made $7.8 billion in profit in 2016. $2 million is only like 2 hours worth of profit
@politico @vtg2 2 million is NOTHING for Exxon!
They need to keep digging. Imagine what they will find.
Did they just find this information? Isn't it odd he's in the position he's in?
Or not. Collusion is rampant. Why and how did Tillerson become Secretary of State?
You think.
You're very own Hildebeast got richer over deals with Russia!!! But you don't want to talk about that do you Tim???
This group will give him congratulatory pats on the back all while coming up with some lie that Tillerson was no way involved.
Ho humm, more from the Obama bureaucrats.
$2 mil? That’s lunch money for Tillerson. He can probably find that much just by lifting a few cushions around the mansion.
This guy is a True Democrat! He would make a good Dem Cabinet Member. Already knows how to rip off the People! Good call Kaine!
Nothing to see here. Move along.
2M is change between the seats 4 them.I'll wait for Mueller findings. @POTUS44 taught me the endgame is won by chess not checkers.
And he can get up the next morning and look in the mirror and say.....I am not an asshole like time kaine
When does it stop? This is insane
Obama admin gave XOM permission to do this, but you be Hillary.......I mean you.
Trump didn't drain the swamp; he created a swamp on steroids
He's draining the swamp. Remember? Such BS
Yeah it must be true it is from Politico
He's complicit then and now
My guess is it won't be mentioned because the Fake President won't have it.
$2 mil? That is a drop in a huge barrel of oil.
None of them care.
@politico I'm sure they're devastated

I'm sure they will be splitting up the cash among them. Except Jeff Sessions. Trump is keeping his cut.
Yeah, they'll slap him on the back and congratulate him for getting such a small fine.
Rex is a good man.  I hope you can let it go. 
Covfefe anyone?
No tweet from 45.
This is the Trump mentality. Other people do illegal things so it's ok. $2m is nothing to them to make it go away.
Sure, I'm picturing bottles of bubbly and Russian caviar
@politico  did ja get the memo on our uranium to russia,  timmy, or was that email deleted too?
да
They'll pat him on the back & say sorry bud - if those sanctions weren't in place we all know this wouldn't have happened 
Yeah, it's a parking ticket. Love the gist, though!
it would seem that every single person that trump nominated is a crook...sad day for america
Bet the Benny Hill Show theme plays in the background
2 mil is nothing to EXXON why aren't any of these companies charged and tried for breaking the law?
If the fine is warranted........stay tuned.
UNF**KIN BELIEVABLE!   Does anyone on the 's team NOT have ties to Russia?
It will be brushed aside, as are all the corrupt things this administration does.
@politico should but will it? Don't hold your breath. No ethics in that gang.
Thsnk you Senator Kaine! Maybe the tide is beginning to turn in favor of justice. But of course $2 million is chump change to Exxon.
Trump will probably just hand him the $2M back in a Louis Vuitton Duffel bag and say thanks.
I bet it will not be mentioned.  Biz as usual for trump...

For fodder, yes. But not a concern for cabinet that is short on cans of "Noodles"<<<<----(I mean brains) 

I'll show myself out....
That's why this guy's in on every meeting between Trump and Russia.  He's just as much of Putin's puppet as Trump is, subpoena Trumps taxes
2 million is nothing to Exxon.  NOTHING.  They should stop pretending & man up to their hypocrisy.
Trump's desensitized everything... so nothing matters anymore. It's the deconstruction of the administrative state. What's up is now down.
Remember the last cabinet meeting? how blessed they are to be working for DJT and what an honor to serve in his cabinet... 
(NYSE:XOM) says it will sue the U.S. government to stop a $2M penalty over alleged violations of Ukraine-related sanctions
Everyone 45 has in his cabinet is crooked.
Geez Louise.. it just keeps coming and you just could not make this stuff up!
That's like fine me $10.00
You Sir, and I use that term loosly are a disgrace.
Please go on the offensive if given the opportunity, Senator Kaine.
Good thing his boss likes crooks
Nah, no consequences.
Theyll just laugh about how easy it is to be so corrupt with no consequences. A $2 Million fine is awesome for the $65 billion in revenue
Point.
$2 million is chump change for #ExxonMobil ... joke!
Nope !  Trump won't care may even say to him " well you tried !"
Will not be mentioned.
A mere slap on the hand. I'm sure he'll be fine...
Nothing to see here. No conflicts in this swamp.
Ok 
A 2mil fine on a company the brought in 7.6bil last year? It's the equivalent of a person who makes 40k/yr being fined $10!
See, another Russian patriot in Trump's White House
Sad but true.
$2 MILLION? That is like $2 to an average company.
Reminds me of yet another Hillary Clinton failure, thanks.
No.. slap on the worker for Exxon. Tillerson will smirk and move on.
That was a slap on the wrist..
Sadly, doubt ANYTHING will happen. Nothing happens here anymore, no matter how big the offense.
@timkaine @politico
Should make for an interesting next Cabinet meeting... https://twitter.com/politico/status/888083353131515904 …
