Trump hates the American people.The American people want fixes to the ACA & he won't do it.Thought he was going to get everyone healthcare?
You have it wrong. Our previous president hated us.  He looked straight in the camera and lied to us.
When?
Seriously?  You're memory is as good as Timmy's
Just tell me when you think Obama lied?  This has nothing to do with my memory. Sounds like you don't know.
Well. Let's start with the obvious one. You can keep your doctor. How did that work out.
Not valid example-Keeping your doctor was the intent/plan-mistaken perhaps but not lie which means knowingly telling falsehood-blame the 1/
insurance cos who narrowed their networks-it did adversely affect some people but Obama didn't LIE.Trump lies about easily verified facts.
His promise was to repeal Obamacare.....but you DemocRAT freaks always twist the facts to fit your narrative.
actually to repeal and replace. Doubt he would have as many behind him with repeal only
What I understood was repeal was supposed to be the first step.
Once they got rid of Obamacare replace was gonna be the second step.
I don't think they'll have the money to replace. They have no intent to replace.
From my standpoint repeal and leave it at that.
I can't agree to that because from my standpoint you're voting to hurt my kids.
The hard reality is that U providing for UR kids is a private responsibility not a public obligation
Ensuring the public is protected is a public obligation. Healthy society=healthy society.
Don't even, it was your party that put this bs healthcare out in the first place!
actually it is a very good idea. And u are rt if the dems hadnt done it millions would never have gotten healthcare
I lost my plan and my doctor!  But dems don't care about people that work for a living! TGFT!
statics show more people on welfare in the red states than blue. And all my liberal friends work.
Whose promise
Im a wealthy American and I paid well into high five figures in taxes last year. The Rich get tax cuts is a joke and myth
Because when the democrats are involved in healthcare everything goes well... said no one ever. Timmy makes me laugh on a daily basis now!
ACA = failure
How is he sabotaging the greatness that was granted to us? It was perfect and gave more freebies to one and all; now it's impossible to cut
He doesn't care if his actions will cause irreparable harm to humanity. He is cruel. He is incompetent. Dangerous despot.
Yep.  He's blaming everyone except the guy in the mirror.
you screwed america. you and @HillaryClinton #feelthebern
Democrats are to blame for enacting a non functioning health care bill.
it's functioning...i work in healthcare...and it can be better with #Medicaid expansion in this state...we need #medicareforall
We cannot afford as a nation to go further into debt.
#medicareforall saves >11 trillion $....fiscally conservative...basic human needs should not be profit driven--like clean water or fire dept
I'm talking about affordability, not profit. We don't want to end up like Venezuela.
The ACA has died on the vine.  It died well ahead of Pres Trump's election.  Time to bury ACA and repeal.  You are an obstructionist
Get real
ObamaCare is killing Americans, it has to be repealed.
Short-sighted, narrow minded, a dope
Here is a guy who is clearly putting party before country. The country has spoken. We want the ACA. Let's make that work. @maddow @MtnMD
I don't recall @SenateDems asking for bipartisan fix when Obama was in office to sign it, you ignored all the red flags & said it was great
actually he asked for help many times
making a pitch during the last election cycle to stop the bleeding when previous 6 yrs boasting coverage while not affordable; disingenuous
You passed a law you knew was fundamentally flawed and now you want someone else to fix it. Who is truly at fault here?
And how are YOU helping that bipartisan solution to form? Don't be GOP. Solve problems don't blame shame.
Timmie Boy this country was founded on the premise of equal opportunity for all! Not equal outcome for all! Keep trying to change the rules!
Tee hee hee!  Tell him Dave!!
This is what the American people really mean to him: nothing.  He'd rather hurt us all out of spite than work for our good.
Same was said by polls vs Hillary
That's because he is mentally and morally weak. What can we do to help move him out? We're all ears. How can we assist you?
Killing 23 million of the opposition, and giving huge tax breaks to the oligarchs sounds like a Putin health care plan.
Didn't kill 23 million. Dear Lord turn off liberal news
We wouldn't let him
He will sing a different tune after the #'s come out that Trump tanking the ACA is equivalent to another Trump Failure. #Trumpsafailure
This means that the failure obamacare falls on obama.
Bless your heart! Reread it will click 
So you dont see Cruz idea to give We The People the ability to keep Obamacare plus have options of choice as a good thing???
You frauds created the problem, get out of the way so real leaders can fix it.
Dismantle, dismantle ,dismantle only thing they want. Deconstruction.
Thank you for being on NPR today talking about ACTUAL ways to fix ACA! Americans need specifics and all Dems should be telling them daily!!
BlaBla F'n Bla! Oh thank you for being on a show that wouldn't even be on the air without democrats funding it! POS station!
#TemperTantrum  Your tax dollars hard at work here, sir.  Thanks for your contribution. 
Poor Tim. He does not realize is political career has ended. Sad.
Sergei Kislayak  I hope your career finish soon (jail).
You're sick, DISHONEST, LIAR. Embarrassment for the world.
A lot of Corrutp WH
Obamacare sabotaged American healthcare

You knew millions would lose their doctors and still pushed the lie that we could keep our healthcare, you're no longer trusted
$10k co pay. what type of insurance is that? fine me if I don't?
I think you are disingenuous - the ACA has FAILED - you would rather play politics & throw jabs over your loss than solve problems
actually hasnt failed. Still working well many places. If trump could use those savvy business skills for good
There will be no individual market in most of America w/o the repeal - 31% of counties now have one or no choice in individual market
i know. So many dropped. Trump could make them a deal they couldnt refuse. IF he really wanted to
I still think that you are in denial about a real President,  after 8 years of a commie hack
Leaving it alone is now sabotaging? 
Good luck to @SenateGOP as the bullying session begins! Is loyalty to djt or the American people? @SenWarren @SenMarkey #WorstPresidentEver
The ACA, which is a bad name because it is not affordable, will die by itself.
Trump has no allegiance to America in anyway shape or form,he's only pushing a Trump agenda for his rich friends and his immediate family.
Ypu didnt even try to work with the right.
GOP/Trump: My way or we'll make you suffer and pay. It sounds like the mob has taken over Washington.
He continues to demonstrate by his actions that he is not at all concerned about the health and welfare of people in this Country!
pathetic isn't it???
How do we combat a leader that rather kill 33 million citizens so he could embarrass obama ?
Obama hurt America trump trying to fix it you worthless dems are obstructing everything he tries to do now
DT does NOT understand his oath of office or that he represents 320 million of us.
Keep working Senator Kaine. This Virginia woman supports you.
Sinister 
Just curious, I understand Virginia's voter rolls have been turned over to the WH. No reply to my letter.  I want the truth.
He hates America, American Banks turned their backs on him, thats why he went to Russian Banks, they knew a deal, planned it from day one.
He's a POS; never ever be anything else. What else do we need to take him out?!
he's never cared about another soul... proof right there.
Heard you on NPR today. Inspired me to call my senators and ask for the health com to get to do work!
Your running mate Tim !  
I CHOOSE TRUMP!
Easier for POTUS to blame others as opposed to actually being a leader and working towards a bi-partisan solution. Same with Rep. House/Sen.
Getting real tired of DEMOCRATS blaming this on Trump,.. YOU DID NOT PARTICIPATE TIMMY!! Democrats failed tp do what you were elected to do!
Obamacare sabotaged itself.  Designed to crash private insurance market.
Sen. Kaine, it's so very obvious that we as a nation need your help. There should be a way to tie his hands until these invest. are finished
#Truth
He'll only do what makes his 36% happiest. Figures they'll win him the next election too.
you created it- not one rep voted for it - it is on you - healthcare is not healthcare when the govt controls every facet
Very true. He's more interested in a "win" than actually doing the right thing. He will trample over the people just because he can.
This is what happens when it's party over people. Shame on #Republicans for not avoiding his megalomania and promoting a viable #solution
But that's Trump's art of the deal
He's flogging a dead horse... not having another plow horse to replace ACA. Well, Trump & GOP are not known for their brains.
@realDonaldTrump only two missions in WH: obliterate Obama legacy & make as much money off WH for DT & family! He's a LOSER! He's pathetic!
You and your party are the definition of obstructionism. 1/4 of all medical expenditure is defensive medicine you should do tort reform plan
No
Obamacare doesn't need to be sabotaged, it will die all by itself...
I think you call that taking my ball and going home..rather than do his job
Dems didn't want bipartisan approach when they had control.
You apparently have no ideas except bash the president. You lost the election Tim get over it and post up ur great ideas on healthcare
You knew the ACA couldn't make it and did nothing so now that the republicans are in charge you want to help. Still waiting to see ur ideas
Thank you Senator for representing the People!
IMPEACH
So true, Senator Kaine. Pls convince your Rep. colleagues that TRMP does not have American people at heart.
Don't let him! #SaveACA
TypicalTrump GOP move if I can't have it my way I'll just blow it up. @realdonaldtrump keep your promise of healthcare for all
Spin it Tim...!
He promised to repeal and replace. That's why you're not VP. Dems going to get on board with that? That's awesome!! Thanks.
Our President is a very sick man. Resist!
Get a life! What have you done? You have your health care provided by the people. Get off your high horse!
No democrats would rather fight him than help give people the relief they need.
trump only cares about having something to point to that can be called a Win.  The content/impact of the bill is not important.
Just wants to win
He has 0 interest in uniting this country. He's been sent here by Putin to divide us and start a civil war.
Actually, .@realDonaldTrump would rather complain than strike a good deal as promised on campaign trail. Bigly sad!
Hate to break it to @realDonaldTrump but this deliberate decision to do nothing transfers ownership of the ACA to him and @HouseGOP
Has keeping any of his promises ever been a priority for Donald Trump?
Liar, hypocrite and socialist. Move to Venezuela.
Time to work together Senator...
Dems own ACA
Where were you when the garbage Obamacare passed? Yea....that's right. Probably didn't read it. Why don't you offer a real solution?
What ever that kid could do to erase the guy he hates.
You are 100% right on the money @timkaine! We need someone who cares about the American people and not promises!
Waa, waa, waa...the sound of a baby crying.
He has no real policy. He's spouting sound bytes to the base-whoever that is
Obamacare ruined healthcare!! It may have helped a few and injured the majority.
His attitude here kinda makes the whole pee tape rumor seem even more plausible.  Responds by Desecrating whatever upsets him?  
It isn't Trumpcare it's #TrumpDontCare.
Lemme guess...fix the problems caused by a government takeover of healthcare with...wait for it...MORE government control!  Got it!
Ammend. 25
How does help? This is the problem with D.C. Nothing gets done! We need term limits.
Absolutely correct. This saddens me for all of America.
Proves, once again, Trump just wants it gone because of an attachment to Obama! #Racist
Both parties are DEAD WRONG.  healthcare should not even be a topic at the Federal level.
ACA is a joke
That's a sad truth. I wish we could to actual government: people first, ego second.
It doesn't work bigly.
Obama syndrome...they (deplorables and their president orange) can't just get over the achievements of a black president. 
#notmypresident
He took the job he own it
I wonder if il let the real estate  market crash and burn like health care and then try to fix,  I bet not.
We know. He's also going to hand us over to Russia.
Delusional how the GOP rationalizes their contemp towards working Americans, kids, elderly.  Gut them of affordable HCare, tank the economy
Yep. All out of spite too.
So ridiculous!
Dems only want to preserve their legacy of Ocare there is no truth in that they want a bipartisan solution.Repubs.need to man up and repeal.
But had Meemaw been elected, you would go straight to single payer and really mess things up. #TermLimits
So true Sen Kaine, so true. We need single payer healthcare!!!! It works in Europe!! Same with free college
Lets be honest here. @marcorubio fired that first shot with his Lying Slush fund dismantling that is causing many of the INS to bail now!
I'm so extremely angry about this
Glad to see that you're choosing words (sabotage) that bring people together. You're a hater & divider for your own gain. Hypocrite.  #MAGA
When can we get the plan Congress has?
Fix Obamacare!
Exactly!
I would love to hear a coherent explanation behind this decision. Is it all about tax breaks? What is the GOP end game re healthcare????
The only thing u #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether want is to prop up insurance companies so u can get ur kickbacks
This is perfect ex of u talking out of both sides of yr mouth. This is what makes u a Schumer stooge & an embrassment to VA.
Surprise.....said noone
He only knows how to do it one way businesswise and if that involves bullying or framing but I do think he's right he's never wrong
Senator Kaine would rather talk trash then go to work and come up with a proposal to fix the failing ACH. You are all talk.
How can anyone believe you, you stood with Her.
Timmy...you have a lot of nerve preaching this considering how we were lied to by Obama.
That's who he is....bad news.
But he promised to repeal and replace Obamacare so...
OR the Dems could just push for #UniversalHealthcare, which is what the people need. But then politicians wouldn't get fat lobby checks.
He only cares about himself and winning.  It's a game to him.
Amen!
please get into a room with 4 gop and 4 dems and work together.  no line in the sand;just a willingness to improve ACA.
Crazy-making, isn't it? #shootingthemselvesinthefoot
OH PULEEZE, YOU AND YOUR DEM FRIENDS HAVE SPENT LAST 8 YEARS TRYING TO DESTROY THE USA
Thank you, Sen. Kaine, for all that you do for Virginia and the USA.
Right. Obamacare might have worked if it had been supported from the beginning. It wasn't perfect but could've been improved over time.
Why past tense? ACA still law of  land. Now as it implodes it will take the establishment down with it and we will c how many lose coverage
Well since all 45 does is lie I guess he's keeping that promise after all..
What do you think the CBO score on "letting the ACA fail" would be?
Sounds about right. He's a vengeful, spiteful, self-centered man in the truest sense of that expression.
Pres Crump will back ANYTHING that will help erase Obama legacy. It just pure hatred of the man that fuels this Presidency.
Woah big boy, we thought @realDonaldTrump was committing Treason!! Did your meds get swapped out by accident on the Hill Tim? Inhaling much?
Obama hurt Americans by lying "you can keep your doctor, your premiums will go down"
This man has no use for governance. All he want to do is destroy everything that Obama sign.
I've got a great idea!!! Why doesn't congress fix our current health care together!!! We teach our kids to work together! Bipartisan-
Dems own the ACA. Imploding on its own.
Like the Russians, Trump is now plotting to sabotage Americans.
What the heck is wrong with him?

Deranged sociopath. 

Our lives shouldn't be a game.

@timkaine @syleisw
And might,  just maybe,  possibly, lower his disapproval numbers....
That's because he's a cretinous bully that has no idea what it means to be a compassionate, intelligent leader.
You assume he actually understood the legislation. I think he parroted what he was told - he was and is clueless.
We need to write to the White House what we want, not what he desires.
Tim Kaine and his cohorts actually have the balls to talk about someone hurting America give me a break
Trump has a genuine agenda unlike u and the resistance  old fashion values i dont expect u to get it your with her 
Wouldn't it be a good idea for Dems to hold a presser announcing a fix (which includes a public option) and let the Republicans explode?
Keep fighting for us!!
It was always about taxes & his buddies. If it were about healthcare, it still would be.
#conman #dictatorTrump #GOP take away #healthcare for the worker to give #tax cuts for #Trump and his #wealthy friends and corporations!
Yeah, the emperor has no clothes
He is a dangerous person.
I don't think it's the bipartisan that's the problem, the problem is the race and political side of who signed it in.
WHY IS THIS TRAITOR AND CORRUPT POLITICIAN STILL IN OFFICE
.@realDonaldTrump doesn't know the art of how to deal effectively for the American people. He is merely a bully voice with little real power
Democrats have shown they do not want a bipartisan solution. his public promises were to repeal. would u really support that?
All he/GOP care about is stripping a black president's legacy, not giving us a better plan. They need to get over hate and move on!
A mixed President. Doesn't have a thing to do with race. Obamacare sucked. Too expensive
It's not the governments job to sell health insurance at the expense of people who actually work.  Just eliminate law selling states lines
#trump has never been about helping Americans. He's always been about helping himself and "punching back" when his insecurity flares up.
Lie. That was obama
For him it's WIN or LOSE.  He couldn't care less who gets hurt.
Why is he purposely hating on people who traded parties to elect him?
The drug companies are to blame. Band together and stop them. ACA gave people free preventative visits and screenings. WH read it!
Pretty sad!  And the fact that he think D's would be to blame.
This the new DNC talking point? So the ACA failure which has been happening since day one of implementation is really sabotage? Lol yea ok
Obamacare is doomed to fail, no more subsidies from fanny and freedie...gotta read it before you pass it.
Time to reach out to those GOP senators who voted no to find a solution (not Rand tho -he's a jerk). #Bipartisan #FixTheACA
This is all on DEMS. We all know iy
