What happened to lawmaking regular process in Congress? It isn't the wild west.
amazes me that no matter what trump does dems want it to fail.  Obamacare is disaster.  Why can't you and repubs join to fix this?
the answer is ego. You want trump to fail.  We'll all fail with him. Why can't you all work together to help Americans. Statesmen?
I don't care if you're dem or Repub my grandchildren future is at stake because of your collective egos.  You want my vote earn it
you fail
thank you Tim Kaine for being one of the sane ones in govt. Scary how people r so easily fooled by this president
yes, and it's crystal clear who is decent in politics.  U misspelled Kaine.. Trump can't spell either.
Why not put politics aside. Call together the best & brightest minds, and FIX the ACA #ObamacareSavesLives. We must work together.
We have to pass the bill so we can see what's in it. Or something, according to Pelosi..
It is a 3 part plan where you have been asked to help make it better, but your lack of ability to work with others disappoints us
worse than stupid @NancyPelosi saying we have to pass it to see what's in it?  Hypocrites
u know damn well it follows a well defined scoring process. Shld they ram it through on christmas eve like you helped do w/ O/C?
Millions will lose all coverage. Including me. What do we do if we get sick? And tell Chaffetz I don't have an iPhone to give up
Chaffietz and Carson win the most recent  "out of touch" rewards.
#TrumpCarelessness is perpetual problem for @realDonaldTrump. @whitehouse casualty #Flynn is headed to #bighouse.
@PrincessBravato QUESTION! Can all this be reversed back when -45 is impeached? He is doing all this because of his hatred of O!
Why is all this madness being allowed? Doesn't anyone have a voice for us the majority?
don't do it. The dems should state emphatically that is a disaster and boycott any part of the discussion until all info is avail.
News Headlines Jan 2020: Democrats Repealing& Replacing- America Finally Leaves The Ranks Of 3rd World Countries:One Payer Plan
You're lucky you even get a say in it given your exclusion of half the nation when shoving Obamacare, unread, down our throats.
Why aren't there laws governing how these things get done? Seems like Repubs change rules to suit them.
/Amen. Now that Dirty levine and crazy limbaugh have implanted ridiculous ideas in our working class.
They also have bills to get rid of environmental safeguards, destruction of our park lands, and others.
The GOP plan once again proves they only care about the rich. Got to help with those CEO salaries. Only rich and idiots vote GOP.
I have an old house that needs demolishing. I figure you and #woody would be good at that?
Please don't stroke his ego with the term trumpcare.  It's the ACA.
and the dem's forcing us to buy horrible health insurance is fine
Like Democrat Pelosi said you got to pass it to see what is in it. Terrible.
that's the difference of doing for the people or doing for Trump
omg talk to pelosi about ramming thru a bill! No one even read it!
@AARP has announced its opposition.  Bad for working ppl, bad for everyone but the extremely wealthy!
you are one major hypocrite
Please don't let that happen! It's not for them, it's for US!
LOL yet you all pushed through ObamaCare before anyone could even READ IT!
Seems there is a reason they want to hid cost/coverage of Trumpcare.  Please let Repubs bear full responsibility for it.
@cashira2554 

Not  to mention reading the bill.
unethical, immoral and irresponsible!
you just need to pass the bill so you can find out what's in it.
you and your colleagues should do what is right for America even if King Trump @realDonaldTrump does not like it.  He is a liar.
What about the ACA, no one in Congress read it before it was passed. By the way, you can keep your doctor.
@sammijade06 @SpeakerRyan yes it is . Shows they know once America knows the cost for real people they will rebel so sneaking it

@GOP is scared to death of what happens if they don't get it pushed thru before melts down into a ball of wax
So like d #Obamacare was rushed through & now we hv increased cost & something has 2 be done w/o having lost of coverage!! #Wow!!
how do we stop them? Any repubs on committee who can slow it down? @DorisMatsui
@AlasscanIsBack We need the 911 committee to be formed to stop all this if one falls they will eat each othet
We have to pass it to find out what's in it.....
Then don't let them!!
@jaketapper @ananavarro: Sounded like there will be full accting of costs.  Let's be factual here.
@jaketapper @ananavarro: Price said there are 3 stages to it. Some may run concurrent or not. Depends on final draft/signing.
@InSpiteOfTrump why else would they rush it through?  Christmas boxes are prettier when wrapped even empty ones lyin Ryan
SOMEHOW THIS HAS TO BE STOPPED I CANNOT BELIEVE THERE IS NOT ONE DECENT REPUBLICAN OUT THERE
@InSpiteOfTrump Well do something instead of talking about it! @TheDemocrats
do you remember Pelosi and her idiotic,"pass it to know what's in it" now that was terrible!
.@timkaine @Moo57556470 Please don't sound like Trump with the one-word negations at the end of your tweets.
Folks get that it's "terrible". Sounds like you're talking down to people.

Like Trump does, ironically. 
SAD!
All Dems and some sane GOP reps should not take any action before CBO review. #Trumpcare #taxrelieffor500kearners
please fight this for all American people!
push back
Anyone who votes for it, before thorough vetting is a traitor.  Expecting that out of GOP, they've been ignoring voters.
hmm..."We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it."  Nancy Pelosi's friend Karma said that.
So I guess everyone is taking the CNN position and opposing a fix to the current mess. Thanks Tim you are a #realleadernot
We Virginians are counting on you and other enlightened leaders to reject Trumpcare - bigly!
I'm not sure hanging your hat on costs is effective. If it covers less people, it will be cheaper. Less effective, but cheaper.
Tim, I am a 40 + year registered Dem.  Obamacare put the screws to me, and many others like me for sure #whatsyourpoint
Senator what's the likelihood of Trumpcare being passed ?
it should have been u and Hillary.
don't let this happen. Please! #ivote
This is just 1 of millions of reasons Democrats need to change nothing. We've the best ideas. Stand tall. #Obamacare
you are wrong they just released it for input... Ehy don't you get involved and help instead of condemning
can you stop that from happening? Need to be vetted through budgetary office at bare minimum!
I am from your district in Virginia I am with Obama care I think I'm about to lose my healthcare
Not only is it terrible, it's careless.
shut up about any repeal or replacement u jokers passed a bill u had no clue about.
Tell us how to most effectively fight it?
It will be better that what the Dems rammed down America's throat. ACA Largest tax increase in US history. 20K jobs lost to ACA.
I remember repub. senators putting anonymous holds on bills all the time during the Obama admin. Couldn't the Dems do this?
please don't call it Trumpcare. Obama cared, Trump does not.
The words Trump and care really don't go together.  I'll work on something and get back to you.
Wasn't one of tRump's new rules that cost of every legislation had to be approved ahead of time @timkaine ?
they are a disgrace, they are killing the American people to fill their greedy pockets....better watch out for karma
We need a nickname that ties repeal and replace to Republicans, not Trump. Invent a catchy alternative to "Trumpcare" !!!
Greer. What is wrong with them? We hope they can be stopped! All will be hurt.
As someone who works in healthcare with this marginalized community, this is devastating.#MakeAmericaSickAgain #IMPEACH45
Let's Mandate that no member of Congress will have Health Care Until every American is covered.If they can't fix they can't have.
don't let them. There must a a few republicans that you can bring over to the blue side on this.
#russiagate
This is the end of the GOP if they move forward with this.
When things are rushed it's usually because it wasn't understood or there was something to hide.
nothing like "you need to pass it to see what's inside " you hypocritical fraud.
block them, Senator.  Lead the charge.  You should be VP. You're capable, we know it.
some ppl think it's a choice between a new iPhone or healthcare, #outoftouch
So why are we letting this happen and all @POTUS other crap hes doing which is illegal and where are the investigations in Russia
I'm losing my mind. What can we do? Or will it be "America  where our slogan is: You're on your own. Good luck! "
can't be, they've been working on this for 7 years.    Keep up the good fight Senator.
Senator, the American people expect the Democrats to have a united front against this terrible bill
No, Obamacare was terrible!  Useless!  An albatross on Americans!  Terrible!
Not Trumpcare - #Republicare - don't let the bad marketing be limited to POTUS.
Don't let them get away with calling it #Trumpcare. It is #Republicare. They ALL must take responsibility.
senate democrats need to stand firm against this
Reckless. Just like @realDonaldTrump @timkaine #Trumpcare #Trumprussia
Sounds kind of like the "You need to sign it before you can read it" scenario...
Can we call this #GOP_Care so @GOP will have ownership of this mess & ignoring #TrumpRussia in #Vote2018 #Vote2020 #Vote2022
Can we please call this #GOPCare? No Republican should be able to avoid responsibility for this.
The words Trump and Care just don't go together.
That's the point. @ifoxtrot2 @timkaine #Trumpcare #Trumprussia
WHAT ABOUT THE #COSTS FOR #MIDDLECLASS COVERING #OBAMACARE
*HIGH MONTHLY PREMIUMS
*$10,000DEDUCTIBLES
#TRUMPCARE
#OBAMA
#TRUMP
@timkaine
Do any of you have a grip on reality? Your logic. Obama care is so bad, we need more of it. More Gov't for Bad Gov't. SCAMMED
@WhiskeyPartyMI Oh, and don't ignore the Russian influence. We ARE still paying attention.
Sad! even
Punctuating this tweet with "Sad!" is more fitting.
... please don't call it #Trumpcare.
#TrumpRepublicare
except the word care doesn't belong
touché
@Senate @Congress @CBS @GOP @Republicans Repeal Obama Care = Death Squad & Bankrupting Millions! YOU ARE LUDICROUS!
Don't call it Trumpcare. That seems to absolve the GOP leaders in congress who've been pushing this nonsense for 8 years.
GOP fought the start of Social Security and Medicare. Who would believe them now? They want to cremate ACA and any replacement.
@bulldoghill Health Care Industry has had great job growth Now will lead unemployment rolls
@LoriSums @timkaine we agree, the cost and coverage must be predicted. Asking citizens to give up privileges must be justified!
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats U MUST try to stop them but We the People will be calling & writing & showing up. They must give costs
And the Dems did better?
We must stand together against this bill.
All #Congress et al USA #government workers shld be mandated to #Trumpcare & no other #health insurance! #TheResistance
We need sane,moderate politicians on both sides of the aisle.Thank you for all you do.
The Senate can stop this, right?????
......this #Trumpcare plan is terrible...please oppose !
It also breaks 45's promises, just so the people who voted for him know.
we He has made us proud. Drain the swamp,
If only America had a president less obsessed with arranging his hair-do & more obsessed with furnishing his brain.
What happened to the Republicans being fiscally responsible? I think it was all just a myth anyway. This is playground politics!
and u pushed through OC without reading the debacle! Shut up Tim!!!
You look just about old enough to not qualify for any help from the GOP. Well done, you just screwed yourself.
That's not an accident.  Someone in the WH knows what the CBO scorecard will reveal.  SOTH Ryan surely knows.
no that was the Dems with Obamacare.
Your talking about after months of debate, tinkering and compromise?  Uh huh...
But, but @jasoninthehouse implied that it would be no more costly than a mobile phone. I rely on ACA for my health care. Not this.

Th House leadership plan is Obamacare Lite. It will not pass. Conservarives are not going to take it.  #FullRepeal
#Wealthcare is the perfect name, among the options.  It also lets us avoid seeing "his" name in print, so good for blood pressure
And what have you done Sen?  Where is your FIX to the ACA disaster?  I see nothing but sour grapes  from you.   Do something!
I got doubts about TrumpNeverCare, I like ObamaCare better!
We have to pass it before we can find out what's in it. 

~ Nancy Pelosi on the ACA
#GOPISTHENEWISIS presents its insurance plan, #GOPDontcare or #TrumpDontcare, u pick!
terrible to have voted for so many of his nominees despite being unqualified assholes. Shut up Tim. You're out.
many of these were tied votes with Pence casting the deciding vote
Actually, Pence only cast one deciding vote, for Betsy DeVos. The others passed with several Dems supporting the nominees.

that's the best way to define this administration, terrible. They care about the almighty dollar.
