Betsy DeVos moves to end Obama's guidelines for campus sexual assault investigations http://ti.me/2xQeuYA 
Oh, so your saying you're guilty until proven innocent ?  the accused is not allowed due process ? humm...I get it "Liberal Logic" Not legal
What a male fool!
This mother is already planning her son's defense. @Capitalist2020 
#sickening 
#StopBetsy 
#TitleIX
They matter too ignorant ass
What law would you suggest that can prevent all rape?
None that's exactly the point!
You will never be able to prevent rape w/ a law, or false accusations,  that should come from being taught to respect every1 male and female
Shameful pandering. Due process is fundamental to a free society.
So why is restoring the right of due process to people who are accused of crimes a bad thing? Isn't progress restoring equality?
Looks who is behind all this? An ignorant rich woman who has never been in a public school setting and does not understand the issue at hand
Oh trust me she understands and she's the only one brace enough to stand up and fix this mess #CampusJustice4All b/c our students matter too
Not at all!She is cutting everything for public education and Special Needs. No accountability for Charter's schools.#lousyjob #allformoney
If that's what this post was about it might matter, but it's abt her announcement last Thursday.
And any T9 process that punishes innocents is crap. Have you ever met with wrongly accused to hear what they go through?
Are you saying that policies that recognize and preserve the rights of the accused are unfair to the accuser?  If so, 1/2
2/2 Do you believe that fellow Sen Menendez should be presumed innocent of the charges that he hired underage hookers before trial?
Senator Kaine.
I'm so VERY disappointed that you think allowing for due process for the accused is a negative.
Is a hearing without due process really justice for anyone?
so true! and you're also right that victims of false rape accusations need idemnification, get to work on it! #Resist #Antifa4TimKaine
Even you aren't extreme enough to oppose due process, are you? You know, the US Constitution? Have you read it?
Due process is a constitutional right. You don't get to have an opinion on its merits.
Any policy that targets men and demonizes them as possible rapists and sex offenders is not progress.
Goodness! That is what due process is for - to make sure whether those charged are really guilty or not!
Fight this anti-public school 1%er who has no clue how Americans actually live.
Yes, Tim. So you support Sec. DeVos's proposal? It addresses accusations and due process, not actual survivors. Sure you do.
My guess is there are cases taken to college court that would float in a real court.  That's the purpose!
So you support kangaroo courts, where guilt is assumed regardless of evidence?
Any @TitleIX policy that discourages false accusations by ensuring protection of the due process rights of the accused is progress.
This is totally outrageous and unacceptable!!
I don't understand how this horrible woman @BetsyDeVosed was CONFIRMED???? What is wrong with the process?
What is wrong with the process? R U kidding me? Walk the shoes of the accused then see if you ask that question. Guaranteed you wont
The confirmation process . To think that senators understood her priorities & still confirmed someone who seems determined to destroy pub ed
Due process and presumption of innocence be damned, I suppose?  This is shameful idiocy; resign - you are unworthy of your oath and office.
But we don't know if they're "survivors" until there's been a fair trial with due process. That's how it's supposed to work.
So...shouldn't Justice be sought after in a real court? Real punishment for the offender? 
do you think your son should have his day in court or should he just be locked up?  #dueprocess
Colleges should not be in the business of handing out "justice" outside the law.
How would a fair process deter a survivor from speaking out?
In what way will this discourage survivors?  How can a fair system do that?
Did you actually listen to what she said? Justice is for both sides in America. You should know that.
What the hell Tim?  Who else would you take due process away from?
Without Due Process but hey, you are on the left, when did the constitution matter to you
Tim, do you approve of this liberal democrat ?
So if your #Antifa Son was wrongly accused you wouldn't want him to have the presumption of innocence - due process ? #LiberalLogic
My alma mater had to investigate allegations of sexual assault during beach week 100s of miles from campus. s/b police, not college.
Feminist groupd dont want police involved b/c they know what they are accusing is not rape
As a woman I'am shocked 99.99%when a woman complains abt sexual harassement she is honest why protect the harasser?
<sigh> because some people are not honest.
Gee. If only there was a law against rape... #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
Another liberal who hates due-process. What a surprise. Let mob "justice" & kangaroo courts rule! Who cares if the accused actually did it?!
I'm sure her philosophy will go as follows: "the only reason for young women to attend University is to find a suitable husband.
These young women should dress modestly while at University, spend time in reflective prayer. If she should be assaulted, question
herself as to what she did to force the young man to lose his moral ground and be enticed by sin."
Does that include @BillClinton's victims? Oh, is your son still in jail?
She's not defending rapists, or changing laws that permit rape. @tomkaine is a stupid liar. You can't fix stupid, but you can vote it out
So in your mind people should be thrown out of college on a mere accusation without any defense, because progress??
I have no words.
I would like for Betsy to advocate for the accused in our Criminal Justice system. I know many who could use her intervention.
It appears we are moving back to 'the town with no pity' days. That is where DeVoss is from. No pity or empathy!
Poor rich white boys! Someone has to try and protect them!
Sadistic. Perversion. Cruelty. Sick
YOU have an #Antifa Son!  He's a Terrorist Bully!

YOU know plenty about ANTIFA!
Why?  Because  she believe it is the victims fault.
I'd be very interested to read where she made that statement, or is that so you can post something you think is intelligent - it's not.
As of now it sounds as if the victim has all the rights. The accused has rights also
Translation...let rich white boys be boys
It's about due process under the law Senator. Is your ANTIFA member son getting due process?
Our university plans to maintain a higher standard than is required. We want our students to be safe and supported
#Bitch
Rape victims deserve recourse, but falsely accused and unjustly punished students are also victims, no? Is that better?
#Devos, Stop It! You are the worst wanting  to treat the victims of sexual assault like they're the criminals.
Campus sexual assault by males is the largest red herring ever caught. What campuses, exactly do you refer to? No generalizations please.
this woman is single handedly taking us backwards as fast as she can.  Senate needs to stop her.  Please do something to block her.  Remove
Disgusting! Everyday there is some shit!
I hope she never has to face that nightmare of her kid being assaulted. But from those of us who have, I give her a huge one finger salute.
Betsy Devos is a c to the unt.
DeVos=cruel mindless crackpot
What became of the one at ODU where they delayed her before going to the POlice ? They wrongfully DElayed mee too on things. Poor judgement.
Betrayal from a woman....unbelievable
She is not in the same world the rest of us are.  She is possibly the worst Cabinet member ever appointed.  She needs to be removed.
Agreed
Devos clearly isn't a victim of sexual assault but she's increasing her own chances via her carelessness. My God.
DeVos is on the wrong side.
This is truly a shame and should not have happened and she's a woman. I just don't get it. SMH. Really what's wrong with her.
In a word--everything, most especially her brain.  Her clear lack of intellect is terrifying.  Remove her
@TIME   ~I always thought a new administration strives to BUILD on progress made prior...NOT...tear down #WhatsGreatAboutThat
What goes around can around
They want to blame the victims. They always have. She comes from a patriarchal background of "boys will be boys".  And girls"ask for it".
Rapists' Lives Matter
So many young women's lives ruined by sexual predictors
Why are you against due process? Boy you Dems have been hatin' on the constitution this week....
#StopBetsy
Did this guy get his law degree from the same place he received his clown degree from?

The senator just likes to complain. 
Its obvious that Obamas guidelines had led to overpursuit of cases that werent there. Must be balance.
Tim Kaine you attempted to deter / discourage me , a Victim of Assault / Sexual Harassment by USPS Management from obtaining Justice! Coward

Here Is Every Crazy Title IX Rape Case Betsy DeVos Referenced, Plus a Bunch More http://bit.ly/2xSJfwU 
Bah - due process is overrated. Though I'll bet you're making damned sure your son gets it as he faces criminal charges for rioting.
Just goes to show that this woman is distinctly UNqualified for her position.
This is disgusting! What is wrong with that woman!?
Tim you & the entire House and Senate need to stop this. As a mother of 2 girls about to head off to college next year this is terrifying!
What about due process? Remember Mattress Girl? UVA rape hoax? Duke Lacrosse? Investigate the incidents w/out jumping to conclusions?
Same bullshit Rob! From experience...it is the woman who goes on trial...Lawyers try to do anything to prove they enticed,consensual sex.
You are OK with just believing the accuser? Don't all lawyers try to prove their clients didn't do what they are accused of? 1/2
@BetsyDeVosED not interested in justice, she's interested in forcing her religion on others, keeping poor ppl (anyone not white) down!
I can't believe trumps going along with this. But then he is a molester himself and has had to pay any price.
His idea
But the removal of the assumption of innocence, & a denial of presence of legal counsel is? Your position is an outrage.
Kaine the demagogue. Left wing politics at work
is there anything this admin. does that isn't just shitty for the sake of being shitty?who benefits from this?is there a rapist lobby?
Not surprising since she works for President who has sexually assaulted women.
And if it is a lie? Someone's life is ruined. Ask Rolling Stone how that worked for them.
DeVos plagiarizes her written response to senate hearing committee, misspells words & names yet senators aren't demanding a senate hearing?

If Obama had been white, would this be happening???
#HurricaneBetsy destroying lives
Betsy DeVos is a follow of Satan.
This is Trumps America. I don't recognize our country anymore.
What is wrong with her! #StopBetsy
She must have a wealthy friend with a kid who got busted. That's all I can figure.
Here Betsy DeVos Hired Candice Jackson, Who Once Called Trump's Sexual Assault Accusers "Fake Victims"
The Trump admin is implementing KKK ideology across all departments. Can Dem politicians please act with some urgency?! Make some noise!
Define KKK ideology. The KKK is not causing issues on campuses. Antifa, BDS, and other far left groups are. Even Pelosi called them out.
Just when I think this administration cannot be more cruel, they are. Victims, know you ARE supported. Prayers you are deaf to this noise.
If this policy were put forward by a man, it would be reprehensible.
That it was put forward by a woman is beyond words.
"If Obama did it, we're undoing it."
This is outrageous & is clearly geared toward College Institutions autonomous nature. Selective, secretive...
Which, as you're aware, the policy doesn't do.
@TIME #StopBetsy
DeVos should have Never been confirmed in the 1st place! Trump should have Never been sworn in! 
#ImpeachTrump
@TIME she must go 
If you're falsely accused under current regulations you will not win. They need to be changed
it is not justice, either.
Exactly what's her problem? Maybe she forgot her FemIron this morning? 
What the f*** is wrong with you Davos.  I mean seriously! Only person that we need to gag, is you. So you stop doing stupid things.
Yeah, right...fake news. http://www.factcheck.org/2016/06/clintons-1975-rape-case/ …. She didn't want to take the case. It was assigned to her.
Any policy that stops people from lying about sexual assault is a step forward.
I hope it never happens to anyone in your family...they may be too afraid to speak up knowing they will see their violator around campus
