Senate Democrats Urge DeVos to Reinstate Obama Guidance on Sexual-Assault Policy https://shar.es/1VlBah  via @chronicle
Good luck with that. 
Yes, Sen Kaine, & right after she reverses her decision, she needs to resign, citing incompetence.
How would justice be denied by a process that supports fundamental rights for all? Do you support constitutional rights?
justice is about truth, and her decision makes it less likely for innocent people to nonetheless be punished.
Why do you hate the 5th Amendment, Senator? 

#WhoVotedForThisIdiot?
Nothing Obama did was good for the country. Worst most incompetent corrupt dishonest racists incompetent President in US history
She is so damn stupid
Yeah - thas it - reinstitute the concept of denying American citizens their due process rights.
It's part of the overall plan to oppress women.
Tim this is why you can't be a leader http://4Dem.Party . Ur in that mindset of "play nice." That type of thinking has led2 where we r
How is it harder to seek justice?  Justice is in the realm of criminal court system and should not be awarded on campus w/out Due Process
You should stop tweeting things that are untrue.
Press DeVos To Reverse her decision
Maybe you ought to look into all the Colleges burring SA Cases? Liberal control of institutions, just doesn't look good on record.
Good luck! How can you rationalize with insanity?
It's called DUE PROCESS.We live in AMERICA. INNOCENT until proven GUILTY.It has to be EQUAL 4 everyone   #ThankuBetsy #CandiceIs4DueProcess
...and Harvard should not have given her a forum.
How they r able 2 get away w/dismantling policies past admin placed that supported protecting our rights&life is beyond belief&comprehension
DeVos is a danger outside of school as the attitude carries on after University. She doesn’t understand her role in society.
in whaT way is it harder. On campus one has more choices than general population
She should really turn in her resignation, but reversing her decision would be a good step in the right direction.
DeVos should be FIRED!!!!!!
They. Do. Not. Care
Secretary Devon should climb back in her pile of money and let someone qualified, with purpose do the job.
She's not qualified for that position. This is just 1 more example why. As a woman & a mom, how can she even consider this reasonable?
How can she consider having crimes investigated by police?
@nytedlife @chronicle timmy you kill babies as a political handle and now you want to kill students of legal rights !
They have access to the same judicial process we do. #CryMeARiver
What is the reasoning? She is useless!
Funny, I thought for sure he would want Bill Clinton on that one.
Democrats never have good ideas. They are the KKK know your history.
Sexual assault victims should go to the police. Not campus kangaroo courts
Is your son out of jail yet?
She is pure evil. Can she be removed for mal practice?
Colleges cover this shit up today.  She's fixing a broken system that only works for the schools not the people
Tims a hypocrite supports the murder and dismemberment of innocent babies. He calls it choice. He calls himself catholic #Hypocrite #lowlife
If you actually read reversing Obama's crazy policy
Woman of privilege w/NO Political/Social EXPERIENCE gets position because of her $$ contribution 2 THE BEAST! UGH God help us this is a joke
Senator all the work of my AA people fighting 4 FREEDOM/RESPECT/EQUALITY is being challenged going backward! This can't happen enough HATRED
I think you should get input from Mrs Clinton, I'm sure she knows all about sexual assault victims
If she actually had a replacement idea...
We need to reverse the whole election, and  get rid of this administration from hell!
We should reverse Betsy DeVos...
I wanted u 2 be my VP.We the healthy minded citizens need HELP my state of mind is being challenged as many. This daily diet of crazy is UGH
Daily actions of this REGIME is still mindblowing & painful. I NEVER thought I would witness this level of HATE/DISRESPECT we r STRESSED OUT
Sexual assau it is a serioius matter that should be handled by law enforcement not teachers
All any women has to do is say he raped me and that person has no due process  out of school no questions asked law needs to protect all
You're lying Tim.  All she is doing is making it easier for the accused to defend themselves.  Its called due process.  Stop scaring people.

you don't remember UVA and the Rolling Stone, do you?
No she shouldn't. Due process is very important. What if your Antifa son was found guilty w/o due process?
Christian extremists like DeVos don't believe that rape is a crime, the victim is always at fault
Trumps primary requirement to serve on his cabinet issue is to be a multimillionaire or billionaire you can cheat and need no nothing.
It seems like a lot of the executive rolls are held by wealthy business men and women. We have a huge upper hand by boycotting businesses that are of interest to these individuals, i.e. Amway and orlando magic. Lost revenue but strong statement.
I'd liked to see a qualified team set policy that protects victims while treatng accused fairly.
Common goal is reducing/ eliminating abuse.
that was the worst decision for young women...
It MUST be reversed!!!!
Why is this only important to Democrats? Any sane human being should be horrified by her actions.
Will notifying our state reps 2tell them we oppose these decisions Shes reversing important things Things We workd hard 2get N place OurVote
SHARING THIS LINK!!! JUST CLICK THE LINK, SIGN UP AND GET PAID NO BANK ACCOUNT NEEDED. http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=50682 
Good, Sen., but how about all of the Dems confront Price and Trump publicly for actively  interfering with execution of ACA, which is law??
it's about bringing due process back, but I guess that doesn't matter.
That constitutional due process is such a hinderance when you want to ruin someone's life by mere accusation.
Hillary should reverse her position that ruined the lives of Bill's sexual assault survivors
So what other constitutional rights do you think people should lose when they go to college?
So this kind of BS makes me wonder what would she be doing if this were her? Or her daughter? Or any other female she’s related to?
As long as you keep Bill Clinton away, you should be good.
But if bill clinton did get through, should the victim not have his or her rights?
What rights do they not have now?
Sorry, bad joke delivered even more poorly. I will work on it. I have been a victim of sexual abuse and know what it is like to have the stack decked against you and made to think your wrong when you dont know what is right or wrong.
I find it sad that almost all commenting have no clue what she actually reversed. Know what you’re talking about before jumping on bandwagon
It gave the accused absolutely no rights they were guilty till proven guilty!
LIAR...nothing is stopping a victim from going to police
What is it with these people? What do they have against justice?  Specially on such a vile crime
Timmy, are you saying the accused (men, generally) are not entitled to due process?  That's the essence of what Sec DeVos is arguing for.
I thought everyone was innocent until proven guilty under Obama's rules everyone was just guilty
So you advocate for Administrative Actions rather than Innocent Until Proven Guilty..... I think you and Mussolini would have got on well
Y. This isn't about reverse everything obama. This about sexual abuse. Come on DeVos grow up
Her decision gives more protection to predators than survivors.
@nytedlife @chronicle anything obama did had a underlying fact of destroying rule of law even in our schools !
it's time to remove contest spectacles of aggression and fool gladiatorship from real education. punchy thug shit meaningless aggression
Always wondered who those women were that never experience sexual harassment/assault. Wow! Money buys all KINDS of privilege, huh?
Secretary DeVos should resign because, like @realDonaldTrump, she is completely unqualified and without merit. #resign
our town university, thugs recruited so stupidass footsball team mighty like certain bearz to then rape denegrate women around town hushup
Maybe she just wants a little taste herself.
You mean the one that stops you from being guilty to proven innocent? That one? Sorry Timmy she is right and you know she is
@nytedlife @chronicle Timmy should get his own house in order. Ground his son from rioting.
Bet she won't- bet she doesn't want sports teams to  face any consequences for sexual assault.
"Fuck due process" - Senator Tim Kaine
How does reinstating due process f/men make it harder? You do realize only ultra-feminists & politicians support the Dear Colleague letter?
You mean giving due process??? #KookyKaine
Didn't you lose?
Betsy Devoss doesn't seem to care about victims, just people like Brock Turner.
@nytedlife Alternate Headline: "Senate Democrats Urge Jury to Believe Mayella and Convict Tom Robinson." Good grief, Senator...
Perhaps in an alternate universe
