No! To Gorsuch! Vote NO! Yes to Fillibuster!
Can't stop it..congrats GORSUCH

can't stop the vote, Gorsuch WILL BE CONFIRMED
boo he is a jerk!!!

Democrats Corruption
#SusanRice #gorsuch #fakenews #Russia @FBI 
I'm just sitting back enjoying the show 
Highlight of my morning workout was you suggesting Trump put on his big boy pants and stop casting blame. Thank u for using your voice.
.. my Senator & former Governor.   A man of vision for our times.
Gorsuch will be confirmed......How's Ruth Bader Ginsberg's health, by the way? She doesn't look good to me.
Everything this administration has done has been against women. This pick is no different. There's NO ONE in the GOP who will stand FOR us
You're just taking umbrage with challenges to the ACA mandates. NEWSFLASH: not everyone agrees with the mandates & it will be repealed
Nobody watches CNN anymore
Suck it up buttercup he will be on the bench before the week is out.
thank you.
Men dont care
I don't understand campaigning 4 scotus
How dare he. Sick of them all.
Not just womens health but his attitude towards senator @amyklobuchar was demeaning. She's a highly educated attorney.
He gave attitude towards those who asked inane questions.
you mean CNN the Fake News Outlet wrote it and you put your name on it
You always put your party first. 2018 we need someone how cares about the citizens of this great state.
Oh my ! I don't know how the GOP can be so comfortable in making our country follow Christianity ! They want Shariah Law the Jesus version
troubling pattern? Part of 97% unanimous decisions. Qualified. Mainstream #scotus #sorelosers
You are a pro-choice hero! You do not force your personal religious beliefs on others and #trustwomen to make their own health choices!
Thank you for your continuing efforts on this important issue, Senator Kaine
this is why I am no longer a democrat you are nothing but empty shells letting your hate control all your decisions
Hack
We know Tim!  The Republicans own him
.
Aren't you sweet for writing an op-ed for the Clinton News Network.  What a joke.
Your a clown  and not my VP and Gorsuch will be the next Supreme Court judgr
Elections have consequences.  You should know that better than anyone...you had a front row seat. #ConfirmGorsuch
Judge Gorsuch's nomination is 1 of the many insults 2 women that #45's administration has launched against women. GOP's party of misogyny.
So you a fraud wrote an op-ed for a fake news channel... you're all swirling the drain.
Can you convince my Senator, Joe Donnelly?!
Thank-you @timkaine !
FLAT-OUT LYING! FACT-CHECKING PROVES IT! #LyingTimKaine
You Sir are a nut job and I am so glad you are not our VP. This judge is flawless, never before has he been questioned. SHAME!!!!!
SCOTUS overruled one of his case during his hearing. 8-0. Definitely not flawless.
Senator @timkaine, just want today I admire you. AMDG
Proud of you @timkaine - proud that I voted for you and that you're fighting to protect our rights!  #NoToGorsuch
He only follows laws how they are written
TY, Sen @timkaine MjLdr McConnell Owns this standoff since he declared his intentions B4 Pres Obama's Nominee was even considered. #Gorsuch
AND SPECIAL NEEDS CHILDREN
@steve_boyar @CNN This guy is the Heritage Foundations wet dream
Poor, poor U. After what  I suppose was much thought, is this the best you could come up with? Pathetic as usual.
Tim -You encourage CNN to continue their propaganda FAKE news! As you write YOUR story in history Patriots will remember you as a DOORSTOP !
What specific case was involving women's health?
Thank youuuuu Senator Tim Kaine! *hugssss*
hey women, remember this when it's time to vote.
No Female Has Any Rights To Murder Children She Doesn't Want! No Court, Judge, or Law can make Murder, Legal.
No Female Has Any Rights To Murder Children She Doesn't Want! No Court, Judge, Law, or Politician can make Murder, Legal. 
I don't want this man any where near the Supreme Court.  All women should be able to plan family they want. My body, my choice.#StopGorsuch
0: the number of senators who voted against @GorsuchFacts confirmation in 2006.
8: number of SCOTUS judges who overruled one of Gorsuch's cases during his hearing.
Ok.
KAINE, U LOOK LIKE THE POSTER BOY FOR PIZZA GATE
Keep those op-eds coming!!! We aren't going to learn the truth from Daddy-no-Bucks and his cabal so please don't stop-we are with you!
While you're at it do some talking 2 WV SenManchin-needs a good talkin' tostop selling his people down the polluted river he just supported.
99% of the time his rulings were in the majority. What's concerning about that?
SCOTUS overruled one of his case during his trial. 8-0. He's a judicial activist who twists the language of the law to suit himself.
Kaine you haven't room to talk. My wife just told me you make her sick!
Avoided a lot of questions & has a problem with women & is picked by Trump not a won win a women president? Will criple their Dick/Virginia
I believe he has problems with women, pregnant? Cheap 2pay while she works. Pay women too much? Problem. Women leadership? Problem.
How can we as Americans accept the appointment of anyone from a POTUS who's being investigated by the FBI for treason?
The only troubling pattern is your continual playing water boy for the dem party
The sad truth is, this is what's running our country and he'll be confirmed.  Trump is stripping women of rights, this guy will help him.
Good
Saddens me you are a senator but at least you are not VP.
Drain that swamp
If there could not be a SCOTUS confirmation during election year (bogus BS) there shouldn't be one during a TREASON year! #HoldTheFloor
Thank you, Senator. Agreed!
Please keep talking and posting. Every time you do let America know why you will be voted out!
He's an arrogant misogynist. He doesn't belong on SCOTUS. How are we to tell our kids that plagiarism has consequences? Clearly, it doesn't.
Didn't Trump state that he wanted a justice to overturn Roe V Wade? He may have him.
He still holds strongly to Catholic doctrine that forbids contraception of any kind. He is willing to force that view on others.
Fuck the chrch if a woman gets raped & is pregnant who speaks for her? Nt the one that raped her women can do what they want it's their body
And you show a troubling pattern of being a compulsive liar.
@SenateMajLdr is this nothing??
Nice
This whole administration, 5 whatever reasons, has it out for women. They won't b happy until we r all barefoot pregnant back in the kitchen
& The problem is the cost of living is not cheap a minimum wage guy Will struggle & a women has 2 stop living her life when having a baby
Gorsuch is NOT a working family's friend.
SCOTUS confirmations in an election year: 15
SCOTUS confirmations during FBI probe of POTUS: 0
You're a hack. A partisan hack who would write an op-ed for the fake news HQ network.
Ur concern is admirable if misplaced U should have been more concerned with ur running mates troubling patten in cases involving mens health
There are republican men who will not be happy until women go back to the kitchen. Abortion is out, they must produce lots of boys.
I am a strong conservative male. No one believes what you claim we want, women back in the kitchen.
The fact that you're not VPOTUS really is icing on a glorious cake.
Thank you! 
He also has a horrible record on LGBTQ rights....EVERYONE SHOULD VOTE NO ONE GORSUCH!
No one likes LGBTQ so neil fits right in
This is the first time I have ever seen a commercial for a Supreme Ct Justice.
big money - why? Who?
Tim what are you on about?
What isn't McConnell saying? What if Ds are in control next time there is a Supreme Court vacancy?
NO ON GORSUCH! Anyone w/common sense can see that Gorsuch is unfit to serve as SCOTUS. 8 sitting Supremes dislike him. Women dislike you too
Who cares what woman think lol
What about his plagiarism? His forming of a Facious club? His lying about volunteering?
How about we ask aliens to bring back your f&cking brain
You know, the confirmation process is not supposed to be about ideology or specific issues. Just saying.
GOP controls  this nomination. They do not care about women's health look at their proposed health care program.
50 pages was their trumpcare goal all those sugar daddy needs a smack! & Paul Ryan 8 smacks! Hey Paul smack! Why shut up smack! Smack!
Next to trump, granny, that's the most juvenile and childish  tweet I has ever ever seen
Granny? Learn 2 laugh no wonder why ur single cougar  yawn move must b on menapause put the wine  down ur angry 
I don't give a shit what you wrote.
Stop fooling yourself. Trump is under FBI investigation for collusion. The Russians attacked our country & you
Well I'm sure it no good. He is a fine fellow. Write a book on your juvenile son.
