The Trump administration asked a court to delay a decision on Affordable Care Act subsidies http://nyti.ms/2qPbwkJ 
Democrats already sabotaged healthcare with the passing of Obamacare. All based on lies and broken promises. Must be repealed and replaced.
He cares abt Saudi more than our citizens. But then Saudi showers his family with $$
@walks_o -ACA death by GOPs homicide /Dems need to tell the story not just sit & watch it die
#resist
We the American people are the forgotten losers in this constant battle over healthcare. The cost of healthcare is Trump's ego.
@MSNBC @SenSanders @smerconish meanwhile back in the U.S..
It's to be expected. The GOP and Trump support big business like insurance companies, not American citizens.
It is reprehensible to play politics with people's health.  Especially when the GOP has nothing waiting in the wings. So tired of this!
Tired of being lied to by democrats. You can keep your doctor. Cost will go down by 2500. All lies. Premiums doubled. Lost my policy.
You shouldn't be lied to by Republicans, either.  All the best.
But acording to y'all, the ACA works so well. This just gives it more time.
You  sabatoged our healthcare   when you voted for that  crap  known as the ACA
The Democratic Party that ran the old plantations are now running the new ones. But this time they call it entitlements.
Delays in treatment can mean life and death to people.  Heartless GOP.
You are delaying everything the administration is trying to do.  You have no right to say anything.
And will you support medicare for all as an alternative, or are you happy with the still shitty system we currently have?
This needs to be very plainly explained to the American People
$800 billion from Medicare?
Really?
#StopItNow
Soon to be the largest senior population? 
#LoserPOTUS
Please stop $880 Billion cuts to Medicaid & the Billions proposed cuts to Medicare! Dems needs to educate Trump about the harm of his acts.
Because we all know he's a sucker for education and Democrats. 
That's their plan all along, Senator. Don't let them succeed!
Oh, I'm sure my GOP rep in #va06 is trying to kill the #healthcare plan. But thank @timkaine for caring about #va06
It's Jim Crow c.2017. And his base who ironically are the least prepared to weather this Trump storm. Hold the fort until 2018 Senator
2 all republicans.  When your mother, father, son, daughter or wife gets seriously ill, tell them Fuck u 2 their face, not the voting booth.
Appreciate your hard work Senator!  They just need to fix the ACA!  It's all about GOP egos with the AHCA/Trumpcare!  #2018
Thank you Senator for fighting for Virginians and all Americans. #Healthcare needs to be a right in the US, not a privilege.
Stage a government shutdown.
I have a great idea IMO. How about all of the government goes on the insurance they propose, and we the American public get their ins
homegrown trump and republican terrorism...sadistic greedy psychopaths
Let's see if the deplorables who benefit the most from these programs will continue supporting the pig.
Yes it does, all because of Obamacare. Lock Up and son when is it aired???
It's very clear that no one in the GOP understands healthcare or the implications of lack of access to quality health care.
Kaine, I've told you before, Health insurance is a scam and those premiums you worried about are going up anyway.  Individual mandate cough.
Im sorry for the Manchester attack however, Trump is the terrorist! His policies will kill many more then 30 people...he has to be stopped!
Such bullshit. Trumpcare isn't the law of the land. You know what is? The ACA.
They are scared to death it will work out and be great so they have tried to destroy for years without a plan of their own. Sick
#MedicareForAll
#OldVotersRemember
Can't get their shit together so lies & stiffing the American people out of healthcare is the agenda right? RESIST FOLKS! CAN EM IN 2018!
Remind them that, per UDHR, health care is a human right, Tim. US helped draft the declaration.
What can be done to stop him? Is there no integrity left in @GOP?
Sure #chickenlittle the sky is falling to. What should we do about that?
ObamaCarelessness sabotaged itself by design. Everybody made their cash & ran. The rest of us paid & lost! Like a Pyramid!
They are hurting American citizens in order to claim a political win. It is unconscionable.
But you didn't care we lost our doctors and our premiums went up 500%... go sit down- you lost
@@Tim kaine someone aught to knock some sense in your head
Intentionally trying to implode the ACA. Horrible!
To build a strong nation you need helthy citysens and a strong inner market as your leading star!
Thank you for all you are doing to try to prevent this cruelty.
Obamacare is Dems bed. Now you have to lay in it. The policies of Obamacare is whats sabotaging it.
my husband & i are but of the MILLIONS this waste of air, space & water doesn't give a damn about sir...PLEASE HELP
Anyone surprised by this has not been paying attention. The @GOP and @POTUS have promised to sabotage our health care. Only 1 they've kept.
Every. Single. F*ing. Day!
By Design sir by design
He'll literally be killing people.  Sick ppl don't need additional stress.  JUST PAY the current obligation for now...
Senator that is exactly the goal
The democrats caused the problem and now refuse the work across the aisle!
18 of 23 insurers left the market prior to @POTUS. No sabotage needed. Imploding
@nytimes wcg50 unlike Obama care
There should be a moratorium on premium increases in the mean time. But of course aetna blue cross etc would never agree
This administration is nothing if not vindictive.
When will this nightmare end??
The plan is to cripple ACA, hurt Americans, and Potus lies, every time he open his mouth....lies
I support you.
The POTUS and GOP are the worst of the worst.
That is their goal.  And the American ppl know this and we will vote them out
#RESIST #PERSIST thank you
@nytimes this will hurt millions!!!  Why is it the @GOP is only out for themselves. @SenateGOP guess ur ok w/this too? #sad
You don't give Americans a benefit then take it away Look at SS & Medicare
You voted for Obamacare!!! Why are you crying about the Republicans? You own Obamacare!!! Fix it Senator
Let's take them down
Don't act or say you care about the people communist Democrat,is that why you we're part of the nightmare of last 8 year's don't need, help
Healthcare should NEVER be managed or provided by the govt.  Do we really want  same entity driven the debt to 20 trillion to manage health?
Persist and resist, thank you
Well, yes, that's the point.
It should have been @HillaryClinton & you!! #ImStillWithHer
It's the only way to get theirs to pass is if there's no other option
Dont even pretend you know what to do about health care.
What better way to suppress the vote? Kill the voters!
The majority of America wishes you were VP - keep the pressure up 
We all remember when Nancy said just sign it will read it later
He's setting it up to fail, and will blame it on the Dems.
This is NOT faithfully executing the office of President.  It's sabotaging the law of the land. #Resist
And Obama did??  Lol!  Liberals are such naive fools.
Wait a sec Timmy. Didnt you say that there're things you can work with the WH on?..Hell to the no..Senate Business needs to stop #RESISTANCE
Guess we're just waiting for our government to act on our behalf
Meanwhile, you've NEVER done jack shit for Vets or our families in Virginia. Only parroting the crap you hear on @cnn Get a life.
Everything is in chaos. By design. #resist
Please take a look at the @Resistance_App !!! We just launched it and it is here to help us resist
Let's hope that the court denies the request.
Backlash in 2018 toward #GOP will be brutal.  Even in this deep red area where HRC = Satan, DJT messing w/ healthcare will break GOP hold.
Fantasyland. Democrats will continue to lose seats.  No morales. Party of the misfit toys. Repeal and replace Obamacare.
MSM Needs to report this!! Get it out there!
Tim, instead of tweeting us, how about you get with GOP to work out a brilliant bipartisan health bill. Easy to complain, better to work it!
Another month, another failed exchange. But sure.
Sounds like "unable [unwilling] to discharge the powers and duties of his office"
Dems should have fixed it. Don't act surprised now.
Nice change of subject when @potus is negotiating world peace you still can't eat behind him, you're such a disgrace
Godfather's Pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain.
pedo
