In unusual move, Treasury Sec. Mnuchin agrees with President Trump that there could be a "good" government shutdown https://yhoo.it/2skqkuu  
That may be the smartest thing you have ever said not sure but there's never a good D.C. Democrat.
U think mnuchin is smart or trump or Jeff sessions?  I find Democrats like @timkaine intelligent & caring. Caring is not a word GOP nos
I was referring to Tim, he's pathetic and always twisting the truth because he thinks everyone is stupid enough to believe him.
Tim Kaine is neither pathetic nor does he twist the truth. If u feel that way abt him y t u on his acct?  Now pathetic was Sessions today
No what's pathetic is the Dems lost but can't except it, and will keep losing because they don't care about Americans only being in power...
Trumpsters use that excuse & that is pathetic.  U say it becuz u have no facts to back up ur foolishness it only makes u look like a loser
Good luck with that Tiny Tim  #MAGA
If democrats stand in the way of a budget  then the government will shut down. Get off your ass and do something Tim Kaine
Yeah.. you do that.
They shut down & I will sue all involved! I'm a disabled Navy veteran & I rely on my VA pay! I lose that, I'm on the streets!! I will sue!
@stevenmnuchin1 what does trump feed his tag alongside like u? Loyalty pills? How long was was the loyalty form u had to sign mnuchin?
Thank you, Senator Kaine. So glad to have both you and @MarkWarner as my senators.
One of the worst senators. Do nothing obstructionist. Democrats will be responsible for setting down the government
Dems need to do something to force them to release this health bill.
Shutdowns are a colossal waste of resources!!
Mnuchin is a lying ignorant @#$@ who doesn't even know the EU trades in a single block. He will say anything 4 rich tax cuts. Wants 1880's
Then why did you support Obama when he shut down the Federal government?
It take TWO TO TANGO Timmy,.. remember that. Democrats were just as responsible for the last shutdown!! How about not attacking anymore???
Let them shut down the government. That will really clear it of Republicans.
Look at you - speaking to people like we're stupid.
Then stop obstructing.
No
This opinion comes from a loser, and a party hack that favored shutdowns when it benefited HIS party.
Make sure to use small words. I don't think they get it.
@YahooNews Timmy, you and your Dimocratic Ilk have been in shutdown mode since election.
I agree, it would be a good government if you amd your cronies would stop whining all the time like little bitty babies,he does not need you
Trump is dumb and delusional enough to believe he can win and make it good for him!!
Then I guess the Democratic Reps need to stop Obstructing & start reaching across the isle, for the sake of the american people
Air conditioning was worst thing invented. It enabled you knuckleheads to be able to supposedly work all year long.  Spend our taxes boob
No, there is not.
Really? @realDonaldTrump tell that to the rest of America! Unbelievable!  Our country is led by an idiot backed by the same!
That's a paid vacay for non essential gov't workers @realDonaldTrump. Do your research. You will lose $$$ for out gov't.
Sure there is, if one cares nothing about serving the electorate.  @GOP simply cars nothing for us. We are held in disdain if not the 1%
Toadies to the man
You like to scare people into thinking we need the federal government. We don't need you and you know it. You're a rotten little weasel.
I agree w u @timkaine. But the millionaires in office don't mind hurting Americans 2 get what they want.
You are naive if you think Tim Kaine gives one shit about you or any of his constituents. He only cares about his campaign finders.
2018 and 2020, Russia's American Party the Republicans going down
From Yahoo news #fakenews so don't worry you can keep on over taxing the middle class
So its final, everyone in his admin will agree or they will get fired.  What have we come to
Mnuchin thinks this is 1 of his action #movies. After US "#shutdown 2" he'll go fund a film about it. Wth?! #maddow #inners @JoyAnnReid
Obviously these "gentlemen" don't care about the federal workers and the important jobs they do!
I agree. People are hurt. Businesses are hurt. The national credit rating can be hurt. Very irresponsible comment by Mnuchin.
@YahooNews democrats would love for the government to shut down you know it Tim
They mean that it is good for Russia. Pay attention.
These "patriots" are only concerned with tearing down the system so the uber wealthy and their "free market capitalism" are the rule of law
The man is sick - that is the bottom line.  Find a way - please - to get rid of him.
The man has never gone hungry or evicted b/c the government shut down.
I do not think they listen to Dems. The only way they will is if the Democratic Party gains enough legislative seats to force them to.
Democratic Lawmakers have always said that they would rather shut down than reach across the isle.
This was spoofed on a recent ep of Veep.  Just sayin'.  Also, really wish you were my Veep!!!
Very costly if it happens!
Of course he agrees. He was at the overlord's meeting where they were required to tell him who they were-he doesn't know-then praise him.
Thank you but I don't think they are listening or even care. It seems they want things their way or let it all fail instead.
Thank you for making sure our voices are heard.
Then shut it all down including secret service protection for .@realDonaldTrump and all of his sycophants.
Oh this ol' threat again.  He's running out of material.
Thank you!
He must not receive disability or ss
Idiots idiots they control th Congress who wll the country hold accountable duh
Do these folks not understand what it does to our standing in the world? China will be the world currency if we keep this crap up! 
Remember us in LOUDOUN! Residents here do not need a good government shutdown
He and Trump clearly consider everything through a political  lens and not a good governance one.  Really sad for all of us.
When Mnuchin laid for 75% of the OneWest staff, he told everything it was a good thing and the people laid off were Lucky.
Keep them on their toes! #Resistance
That thinking is right up there with "good Apocalypse."
SENATOR KAINE WHAT DID THE LAST SHUT DOWN COST ?ABOUT 24 BILLION IT IS UNJUSTIFIED!
Any shut down makes everyone question the strength of the American system
Winners aren't losers kaine btw how's your kid? Out of jail yet 
Says the parasite suckling off the gov't teat.
How'd that DNC chair exchange for VP turn out for you?
Like they care?
