Gun licenses should ONLY be handed out by the State & Federal governments, NOT a private company.
What part of "shall not be infringed" don't you get?
What part of the first sentence of the 2nd Amendment don't you understand? Militia refers to the Federal & State Military.
Apparently you don't know what militia means, it is not part of any sort of military. And regulated back then meant "in working order"
Well try this. Tough shit. We got em and I can think of at least 3 dozen people in London that would have loved to have them.
FYI, I am pro gun, was correcting him on what a militia was, but either I got blocked or he deleted his tweets.
Me too lol
Thank you for your leadership!  I #WearOrange In honor of my brother Chet. Murdered on 3/27/92. #DisarmHate
Would gun laws have saved him?
Probably not, the murder law didn't
Why would you take away people's right to protect themselves against violent people like your son?? http://canadafreepress.com/article/senator-tim-kaines-son-linwood-kaine-has-all-kinds-of-affluenza … #WearOrange
@CSGV.  We agree.  Bystanders often get shot. 
Even more so in jurisdictions like San Francisco that ban hollow point bullets.
And if we're prohibited from carry a gun for personal protection, all we'll ever be are bystanders. Dead bystanders.
True that.  OAN- Offering 100K for information RE: murder of DNC staffer & Bernie supporter Seth Rich.  Email: Tips@OANN.com
Seth Rich was murdered days B4 he was to testify about Podesta's emails.  Seth sent 44,053 emails to Wikileaks, same # as attributed to Rusa
Let's also start banning white vans and long knives...maybe then we will all have "safe spaces"
#wearroange from Philadelphia
I'm with you this gun violence has got to stop. Even mass school shootings don't stop the NRA or the Republicans
Thanks we need all the help we can get. Children should not have to worry about lockdowns
Lock em up.. criminals have no consequences
How about funding research on gun violence? Oh that's right, you think it's a good idea to work on the #ACHA. ::side eye::
GO NRA we will NOT allow POSs like this to take away our rights.  We said goodbye to u on 11/8 now go back to bed and get some rest!.
Turkey announces they will build a wall between them and Syria.  Where is our wall with Mexico?  This is a natural response to invasion.
NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT ANYTHING. SO SHUT UP ALREADY!!
Another butthurt failed candidate...
You should start by not calling it gun violence, the gun didn't do anything wrong, they psychopath using the gun did.
Tired arguement..
Ah ok, so you are blaming the gun? So if someone runs you over, it's the cars fault right?
Tired
Well played. Damn bridgestones
They should! No more gun free zones! Proper handling and care of guns taught in schools. This is a start! Lack of knowledge breeds fear.
You are not now,nor have you ever been,a Virginian! As a true VA Native,I implore you to cease these attacks on my culture and just go home.
You're dealing w/a Republican Congress who views Democrats as their enemy & Russia as their ally, your work together agenda is now fantasy.
You are shallow. Plenty of people in London wish they were armed tonight.. INCLUDING THE UNARMED COPS HODING PEOPLE UNDER TABLES..
Started laughing at the Congress must work point.
Hiw about the NRA use their $ and every gun owner gets a REAL psych evaluation every 6 months? Sounds fair to me
Ironic the problem lies with those who don't follow the law yet u all pick #WearOrange 2 show unity. Sounds like a county jail romper 2 me!
Criminals don't follow the law so stop trying to punish law abiding citizens by taking guns away! Ignorance is not what we.need, Trump is!
Please wear orange so we know who not to vote for
I'm with you @TimKaine...too many guns = too much violence & loss of innocent lives. #WearOrange
Just one word: CHICAGO! Well, maybe two: HYPOCRITE! Nope! More! Idiot and traitor to our Founding principles. That may suffice.
When are you fraud progressives going to stop trying to undermine our freedoms? Oh, right, you're fraud progressives.
#Comrade
Maybe you should talk to your son about violence. Apparently no one taught him that it's wrong.
Democrats have never proposed "common sense" gun reform, just knee-jerk symbolic rhetoric and proposals.
I applaud yr thinking but this is a dead issue. They won. Kills me to say that.
c'mon man - we know The Establishment Dims retooled + rebranded their "gun message" with the help of Global Grifter Strategies no va son
U are a total A-O I saw debate w Pence & u w not shutup & let him talk. Common s g-laws only punish non-criminals T-God Hillary lost..
I assume you mean "communist", right, Goober? Yr good man with a gun argument doesn't work.
But they won't because money and lives only matter in the womb.
In other words we are screwed.
Most of your colleagues don't have common sense.
Thank you for speaking out.
Gun laws only affect good people We have to change the system, so people have no reason for violence We must eliminate hate, and desperation
I've aways thought of you as  clown! Since you have taken up
tweeting.  I'm now sure!

"Commonsense"is not in the NRA vocabulary. They are the chief supplier of homegrown terrorism in this country.
You don't make sense! The bad guys can always get guns! The good guys have them for protection! Is that so hard to understand?
Won't wearing orange make you a brightly seen target?
the 2nd amendment SHALL NOT BE IMPEDED UPON BY POLITICIANS-what is so hard to understand for politicians who would impose governance on us?
Yes Jealous of Obama because he could not double the deficit in record time!!. He could not kiss up to Arab World!! Go Kaine!!!
Murder is already illegal, so is assault and armed robbery. Do tell what law will stop it.Gun sales exploded and gun crime dropped,go figure
Because look how well gun control works in Chicago. Doesn't stop the criminals doing the shooting, just puts innocent people at their mercy
Start with some family values, this country has degenerated over the last 4-5 decades. As a kid we had gun racks in vehicles and nobody shot
Here's a thought: when you arrest a criminal? Keep him in jail. Amazing how well that works.
It is a States rights issue, one size does not fit all.
Just shut up about gun violence.
Why aren't u standing up for millions of innocent babies, who r butchered and murdered everyday. Until u do something to stop that, then
I guess you need a ban bike locks to remember that college professor.
And take away our guns. criminals will still have theirs that's why they're criminals.
Address poverty, crime, mental health, and encourage responsibility at a young age. 

Anything else is shuffling deck chairs.
Why dont you work on getting the hands out of people who have guns ILLEGALLY?
Second amendment second for a reason Tim don't know if you've read our constitution- check it out
Just keep dangerous weapons from the hands of democrats.
Are we gunna try a ban cars next, maybe knives
BS  tim. You have no common sense. tell us about your son tossing a bomb on a woman at at Trump Rally in St. Paul. Father like Son?
Senator Kaine my friend's mother wrote this blog. You are right, we can't be bystanders. I hope you read her story. https://griefwarrior.blog 
Agree.
Here come the gun nuts in tow. 
You keep saying this, but never propose anything that wd keep guns out of hands of criminals & crazies w/o taking mine away. Just talk.
How about violence at rally's you know anything about that???
I am at a loss as to the value of tweets like this from you and other politicians. We citizens need to see actions with results not words.
The Feds don'the need to bring it'seems "one size fits all" approach to gun control. U'd probably produce something as effective as Chicago!
Im wearing a black Taurus PT738 .380. You know to protect myself against gun violence.
Democrats have been busy undermining the only effective way to stop gun violence, put violent criminals in prison, and keep them there.
Unfortunately, not as long as #NRA buys GOP Congress...
So the nra donates more than Warren buffet and George soros? Smh hahaha
We already have plenty of laws. Use them.
Trump REVERSED Pres.Obama's "Ban on Gunsales to mentally ill". @realDonaldTrump IS mentally ill, clearly to do this! GOP crickets.
@Everytown
@Everytown I forgot-just added some-I'll wear it tonight when I go to see Frankie Valli#WearOrange
You can't away our right to bear arms and protect ourselves and our family. What about the bodyguards you have???
I say give his guards bananas and see how that works out, or a squirt gun.
We're already heavily regulated and 40% of crimes are by people who acquire them illegally. Only nationwide stop and frisk would do anything
I wear orange every time I go Hunting.
Why would you choose today to do this? Please wear Purple to support #EndAlzheimers . s this is Alzhemers awareness day.
More people need to arm themselves so as not to be a victim.  Saved my ass many times & I didn't shoot anyone.
Soros-JTTF gladios exposed in 4 secs: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGCL44ibDz8 … https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=caJ9pTTUXDY … https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6S-xPS0G5nY&feature=youtu.be … @JoeMontano #MAGA #DemExit
Go to Chicago and help the mayor
How a/b 1st bust Soros & JTTF & confiscate caches of weapons created for gladio C like for hits for organs in Chicago? #DemExit #MAGA #DNC
This is a persistent loser issue for Democrats.
The U.S. has over 22,000 gun laws. You're saying that not ONE of them represents "commonsense reform"? And why is that, Senator?
As long as members of Congress take $ from the gun lobbies, I am afraid we are doomed to the status quo when it comes to gun violence.
no,.. conceal carry, lock and load and when you see a crime,.. STOP IT!! Seems pretty simple to me....
I agree but I just can't do orange.  I just associate it with DT. 
Does gun violence matter anymore?  Our country is being flushed down the toilet...
Unfortunately, congress has no common sense
Only a racist, who wants to oppress minorities, would support gun control.
Proud to agree...I am a VT employee who was locked down 2 buildings away from the example of what commonsense reform could have prevented
Nailed it. #WearOrange
The laws are in place. We need mental health and social programs and support.
We need the addition of morals, cultural norms and respect for others to a significant slice of the population. So much for diversity crap!
Also, America is the only country in the world where their Federal Reserve is owned and run by a private company instead of the government.
Any country in debt, which is all modern countries is owned by banks. Seriously.
My gun set on the front porch all day and never killed anyone or anything
If youre for a travel ban but not gun control...take a good long look at yourself.

ty Senator.
The subject of the 2nd Amendment is the military. Somehow in 1979 States allowed the NRA to promote membership & licenses to anyone.
Wasn't ur son recently violent without a gun?
Thank you Senator Kaine. @MomsDemand
White supremacists & Ted Nugent seem to like ropes as much as guns! What would you suggest for the hanging em crowd?
Well since 93 Americans do not die from ropes every day, I don't think that's as big of an issue.
When we start losing 93 Americans every day, seven of them 17 and under, because of ropes, then we can talk about it.
Omg
Thank you for supporting sensible gun legislaton!  America has more guns than people! No wonder we have so much gun violence!
You obviously have not educated yourself. Less guns in hands of regular citizens does not=less violence. Look at the laws in Chicago=deaths
Case in point is recent numbers. Record gun sales, and the gun crime stat goes down. Maybe brazen criminals think twice. I also know here
