off topic but I have a friend who can't wait for his tax plan to pass so she'll have "tons of $$"  She's a teacher. Good luck with that.
Sad to hear that she's a teacher. I hope she doesn't teach math...
I know many teachers who are huge Trump supporters. It is unfortunate they have voted against their best interest and the future of the U.S.
I'm a teacher; voted for Trump. My retirement package never looked better.
Retirement hasn't yet been touched so there is that.
POTUS is  a successful multi modal learner & will help teachers.
Ummmm, sure. As DeVos dismantles public education. Yep, he really cares about teachers.
We need to cut spending reduce the national debt.
Keep up the fight in the Senate please!
Quit sharing fake news.
GOOD!!! If you're not liking it then it's the right thing to do!!!
Naive, at best.
He cuts where money doesn't need to go. You are not smart enough to understand that?
The only thing I'll remember you saying this morning is this...
Want to drain the swamp? Constitutional amendments for Congressional term limits and campaign finance reform.  We the people deserve better.
Trump's only interest in infrastructure is to funnel billions through a cartel he will control, the pattern for this cartel is Russian.
I think infrastructure is one place where we should agree with him. We need new roads, bridges etc. No matter the cost.
finally someone on this thread that is not derogatory and wants what is best for America. Thanks
trump wants people from outside the country to invest  to build infrastructure there fore giving them VI$A$
please source this insane response.
At least you arent in the WH. #guesswhat #trumpwon
para bulmak için mi Katar ve Suudları söğüşlüyor?
And what are our elected officials doing about this? Please help stop Trump's efforts to destroy our country. Please.
Watch CSPAN. They are fighting relentlessly. However, as you know, Democrats are in the minority.
You're forgetting the part where #DonTheCon doesn't pay his bills; of course he would think you can cut the budget and still expand.
So many are blind folded, it is a shame!
He calls pipelines infrastructure projects. Ads on TV do, too. This has to be stopped.
I hate it when a man exaggerates about the size of his package.
Surprising how many red-hat MOrons still believe the 1000-russian lies abt Hillary knowing drump sold the US-out to putin ANY-plan=cut-tax
Like everything else, Trump's infrastructure package is a scam designed to benefit the wealthy
Does he ever tell the truth?  No seriously...ever??
He lies every time he opens his mouth. If he ever started telling the truth we'd know he'd been taken over by a pod person.
@SenSanders Nothing burger to "work with" . Too bad you spend your time bashing Dems instead of this sociopath monster called president.
Poor fiscal management @GOP you make the @SenateDems look good. I prefer the @freedomcaucus they call out both parties.
They do nothing but make trouble and the reason they make trouble is because they want bills to be worst then the GOP's bills. Wake Up.
he is such a liar.
Infradestruction.
More lies from the left. You have zero credibility.
Same math they taught at the infamous Trump University
Wasted ones!
Typical Trump. If you cAnt dazzle them with footwork-baffle them with bull crap.
Trump's infrastructure project is just a massive gift to reward a cartel of construction companies, many, undoubtedly with Russian ties.
They are the Obama shovel ready jobs that cost Americans more than 100,000 for each employee doing the job.
democrats had 8 years to work on infrastructure roads and bridges are a mess try to help for once stop crying
And you believe CNN...figures.
Both u VA reps are doing great thanks
He's going to let all his friends bid and jack up prices and then charge us up the wazoo tolls and rates
We are better than this!
I am so heartbroken about the failure of the party, that stayed home, voted Stein/What's Aleppo Johnson or went to the evil Rep's!
He lies about everything.
Timmy, I'm going to remind you again, the budget process IS NOT OVER!! It's a negotiation, STOP lying to us & inflaming the situation!!!
Privatization. He wants to privatize everything.
That's right!"PRIVATIZE"America for all the rich/wealthy people! It's all about the money!So if Industries build crappy products who cares!
@POTUS will do more with less money than you could with all of it.
Fascinating. He's just a bunch of hot air!
Just stamp class dunce on his head.
do you not have anything intelligent to say?
Very lean on specifics!
Any words for the poisoned city of #Flint? Or is that not a thing now? Asking for a few 100,000 friends! #AmericaHasFailedUs! Poor kids!
You mean @POTUS  lied?
Maybe Mexico will pay for the infrastructure improvements.
Again he misses the details
Too funny he is such a liar
Please push back against the privatization((Goldman sachs)) & stand up for independent/Mueller.
What an fing joke! Who advises this clown?!
Maybe he thinks he will get it done with less money that's how someone spending  there OWN MONEY thinks
Men always promise a huge package but the reality is somewhat disappointing.  <lol>  
Whatever he is going to benefit from he will
The truth is a stubborn thing!
@POTUS What exactly is the DETAILED plan? Talk doesn't satisfy American taxpayers! @realDonaldTrump @PressSec
Now he's attacking all the silly rules... like building codes. Trump is just a simpleton.
Well...that's 255B more he can add to those tax cuts for the rich which will add 1 TRILLION $$ per year to the debt. No problem eh Trump?
he's playing right into Putin's hand with absolutely everything he does

Putins goal - weaken the USA
Trump: He SAYS he has a big package, but it's really tiny.
Wow Kane u need 2 stop smoking weed u are way out stop putting out fake news go back 2 CNN where u belong soon you won't have a job
He lies Comey knew this see donnies lawyer he also defamed Comeys reputation
Typical Trump logic.
Ten mile stretch of hwy being repaired for the last 10 years, always something comes up, more money we throw at it the less gets done.
I'll take #trumptalk over #chumptalk any day. #creepy #marionette #obstructionist #politicalhack #altleft #fascistleft #confefe
DJT math
For 8 mos Democrats have perpetuated a fraud to America.
They are the threat to democracy that Hillary Clinton spoke of.
How ironic.
One more lie.
"Stupid is as Stupid does," Forest Gump's mama...
Don't worry, he will pay for it with FREE SOLAR PANELS!
And sells our infrastructure to the highest bidder!
We wished it was you and Hillary....  11-9 NeverForget
He came to Ohio and never mentioned the bridge that is falling apart! #sad
Obama talk: don't worry about Syria crossing my red line, we have gotten all of the chemical weapons out of Syria - reality, Syria used more
You're blind to big picture as usual. Your small mind is a hindrance. Just shut up and let a true leader get things done. You're in the way!
so let the lying @POTUS destroy our Country?
He hasn't lied about anything. You people think this particular budget item is the only thing that influenced the end goal and it's not.
Hillary needs company in the woods. You should join her

And all except the super-rich will suffer the consequences.
No Dianne, Democrats with their obstructionist agenda are tearing down this country & our Democracy. Democracy is U work w/ the President!!
Cuts being a modest increase. Ahem.
All in an effort to increase what is already a $541 BILLION allocated to National Defense in the 2016 US Federal Budget (Obama).
OMG you mean the POTUS lied to us?  Say it isn't so...
You accidentally cited FAKE NEWS @CNN 
