It begins: McConnell initiates the "Rule 14" process of putting the House-passed AHCA on the Senate calendar for fast-track consideration.
Senator, please don't forget today the @SenateGOP is trying to sneak an #AHCA vote.  Please protect us.

#ProtectOurCare  #ACA
He wants to push thru a bill bc he knows Drumpf's days are numbered. McConnell never listens to what American ppl want. He is a traitor.
McConnell, more than anyone else, is responsible for the political gridlock of the last decade. He's broken our country.
McConnell acts like a weasel. Put up legistlation you can be proud of in public... not something you hafta slip under the door in the dark.
When Obamacare was jammed through congress, why did y'all bypass the republicans?
please fight this down. GOP are monsters
You should fix your disaster called obamacare.
@timkaine  You do not care about the American people..
Dem Senator:"trying to keep GOP from causing 24M people to lose coverage"  Trump Voter: "You don't care about people!"  Me: "Ummm... what?"
Millions have already lost coverage thru Obamacare. It is a failure, a bomb, a loser, going down like a fast sinking ship!
Virginia has the best Senators!!!!!!!
Are you high?
Excuse you! You may use drugs, I don't, so be very careful what you say. Got it?
I don't use drugs either, I have a very sensitive job. You, on the other hand, may want to consider it. At least, see a doctor.
Then don't accuse me, Also, I don't give a f@%k about your so called sensitive job. You need to seek medical attention, not me.
You're so right Senator Kaine. Many baby boomers are very concerned.
If people knew,, they might #VoteThemOut. Best to hide when robbing us of healthcare.
Because MitchM & WH don't care what patients & providers have to say.
My senators seem uninterested in constituent input.I have called often-very friendly staff, but already decided. @SenMikeLee @senorrinhatch
Please, Senator, please...fight for us, for our families. We are afraid. People will die. And the @SenateGOP won't listen. We need you
This is BS! What can be done?
Talk to us again when you vote to stop Medicare from penalizing our doctors.
Obamacare: dead of night, reconciliation bill, have to pass it to know what's in it. Lest we forget.
@sahilkapur what makes people think the government owes them health care anyway
Democrats should get their behinds to the table and negotiate the bill,.. participate in the process Timmy, that;s what Democracy is!!!
Thank you for fighting for us.
Because democrats like you are committed to burdening taxpayers with the unaffordable and collapsing ACA. GOP want something better for us
Ranked expenses I clearly remember being taught for survival. 

1) Healthcare
2) Food and water
3) Shelter
no one is "entitled" to the labor or others, that went out with slavery.
Yeah, like the Dems did on Obamacare.

Because like @SpeakerRyan , they are more interested in getting their name on a Bill, rather than the welfare of the people.
please all must insist on informing the people who will be affected - we know that this is bad timing - so unfair! @SenBillNelson FL fight!
This is so wrong!! People will die.
Make it stop.
You had your chance Timmy. You guys threw us under the bus!
Because they know it is terrible and they just don't care!
I hope you and @MarkWarner filibuster the hell out of this atrocity.
.@timkaine Nothing DEMs can do? Why conduct business w/Traitor in WH? All business should be shut down! GOP is done! DEMs too if do nothing!
Agreed but most politicians have donors to appease
Why? The dems didnt find it necessary 2 speak to a single person. Wouldn't have mattered no one would've understood the 23,000 pages of lies
it's short sightedness
SENATOR KAINE WHAT IN HEALTHCARE IS AT STAKE? WE SHOULD LISTEN TO PATIENTS ;AS WELL AS DOCTORS ;AND PROVIDERS ;ON HOW TO FIX THIS PROBLEM!
Actually Senate AND ALL GOVERNMENT should not be involved in healthcare AT ALL!
Because they know they are morally snd ethically wrong.
Its all signals one clear fact; desperation!
ACA gives people healthcare AHCA takes it away Without Healthcare Americans DIE! AHCA REMOVES 23 MILLION Americans Healthcare GOP TRUMP FAIL
Your party had their chance and totally screwed it up by setting it up to fail so it would have to be taken over by government but You lost.
Notice all the Dems are posting about Healthcare all of a sudden? It's a diversion. HEY LOOK!! Dems have FREE STUFF!! (Scared of something?)
You are a senator, you listen and then you act, take a stand,make yourself and us heard!!!
It's not insurance if you can't afford to use it.
You think the R's version will be better. Fix ACA quit sabotaging it. My employer provided insurance has a 7500 deductible. Fix it 4 all
Sen. Lankford's office just told me that the bill is in the Health, Education and Welfare Comm. Please enlighten them.
Why aren't Dems being more vocal about this? Press conference demanding this not be done in the dark?
So TRUE TRUE!   EJ
Why can't we have turtle soup?
Please stop this catastrophe!
Block this! Stop playing nice! Get your hands dirty! We're in a war, Senator.
I'm sorry, but what part of the "win" is the only thing that matters to Trump and the GOP, do you not understand yet?
Yes, but they will not. Its a scam and a disguised transfer of wealth at the expense of the most vulnerable.
They R getting pressured by #DontheCon, he needs the win, so do they! Trying to distract from #TrumpRussia?
Prayers Tim for what ? Iran the No 1 sponsor of terrorism ! How dare u we have lost so much to these bastards. Remember your son is a Marine
And a loser!
No more ratlines info for you!
That would be the logical and responsible procedure. So don't count on that happening.
Why are you LETTING them!
Like you did?
What does that mean?
If you recall, Timmy and the rest of the sellouts didn't listen to one thing we said about #Obamacare. They did it, anyway.
Yes per Pelosi they had to pass Obamacare in order for we the people to find out what was in it. Dems have selective memory
Republicans are Attacking Their Own Supporters. ...It's Mind-boggling. ..Kentucky Wake Up Republicans Don't Care About Americans
Agreed,  Mr Vice President.
