Why did Obama make the list of countries then?
He made the list because of increased movement in and out of said countries so abundance of caution asked for extreme vetting. Not ban.
whatever helps you sleep at night.

If it were a true Muslim ban why restrict it to only countries Obama deemed a threat?
Here ya go for the slow people: Trump has businesses in other Muslim countries. He is protecting his interests. Pick up a book. Learn.
you are brainwashed and delusional.

Obama set the list of countries. There is no denying that fact.
Yes, for reasons I stated. I am losing brain cells engaging with you.
You lost them the day you were born.
Wow. Did you have to go deep for that comeback? How's your President doing? Winning?
How is this unconstitutional? Seriously 
I'm still waiting for someone to answer this question
You need me to bring you anything while you wait?
It's going to be a while! Like this:
While I'm in favor of the travel ban. What does Hillary Clinton have to do with this?
I WAS USING HER AS A PUN AND AN EXAMPLE OF A LONG WAIT. See meme above.
All caps used on purpose!
Go back into the hole you came out of,slimebag...
It is a temporary ban.  It is not cruel. It is not unconstitutional.  It is not a religious test.
We r taking parents away from Children. Those have committed serious crimes r one thing. What'sbeing done is downright EVIL
Nope. Allowing ILLEGALS in the country in the first place is cruel. Thank your liberal leadership ignoring our laws for that.
l
Travel ban was supposed to be "temporary" while they conducted a review of vetting procedures. Was review ever conducted? If not, why not?
Injunction prevented it.
The injunction doesn't prevent a review of procedures. That can be done anytime.
The injunction prevented all of it. Go read it.
The Hawaii one. I don't think the jails in Hawaii are a nicer place to visit for violating an injunction.
It won't put us in more danger.
When Kaine speaks...expect automatons to respond.
Idiot!!
Another liberal resorting to fiction. Whoda thunk it? C'mon Timmy.. we know U lying liberal's bag of tricks now. Polish your lying skills.
Lying won't make you relevant...
I hope you didn't spawn any kids!!  Your family is welcome to leave this unconstitutional place. You are not needed for us to MAGA.

Thank God for the 100+ lower court justices and upcoming Supreme Court Justices....I say make them strict fixed document constitutionalist!
Amen! Originalist SCOTUS will reduce the BS running through the courts allowing more important issues to be ruled on...imagine the saving
& $ ppl will have to spend in the economy instead of transferring $ to the Lawyers.
What's CRUEL is ISLAM savages beheading ppl, raping children, throwing Gays off buildings, burning Christians alive & DEMS DENIALS.ABOUT IT.
Yes to all of the above but Dems are only concerned about a highly uneducated  population they can extort for votes. Nothing changes.
Yes, per emails DEMS even call their voters and other Americans "useful idiots" & count on their stupidity (Gruber)   #Democrats
Hopefully cool heads prevail. Facts. Reason. Law.
The EO is NOT unconstitutional! You & Hillary's lies are why YOU lost! How about telling the truth 4 once, you may find it enlightening!
Your nose is growing...
Pretty soon, it'll be long enough, Hillary will want it someplace other than her ass. Or.... Maybe not.
ACLU got laughed out of court room.  Ridiculous stuff.
What planet are you living on . Islam is a cult.
Each day I wake up and smile with glee that a dangerous lying nut like you is not our Vice President.  Whew!!!!!!

If we BAN Tax evading TrumpAss we would sure be Alot safer
Can we ban his taxpayer funded travel to his branded properties?
No,let's build the COMMUNISTIC wall around Trump tower with Trump-ass ,GOP & his followers inside. They all deserve each other.
All that would be left are monks that have taken a vow of silence.
listen u moron Germany Paris Sweden is on fire...what is wrong with ur party
Zzzzzzz are you still here? Same rhetoric different day. Move on. I survived the last 8 yrs with vodka, you will get thru this!
Sad, he lost his dominatrix on the bad pant suit, and now is lousy without her loving touch telling him how to think. Poor, sad sub.

Also -- many other categories comments in "moments" -- help yourself. https://twitter.com/likesMixedNuts/status/860996102769713152 …
Sir please read both EO's within POTUS powers within constitution not religious not cruel and when a system DNW u change, whose vote after?
Ok explain how it's unconstitutional when they're not American.
Still waiting for your first piece of legislation. Why are u there???
Nation ought to reject Tim Kaine the way the body killer T cells reject defective Cancer cells
You sir are full of BS....
Like Obama made us safer by letting Christians be slaughtered and not letting them come to the USA by putting Muslims 1st
Yup properly vetting people will not make u safer open borders and letting everyone in with no vetting will.what an F'n nut job u are
Honestly Senator, why are you thinking this way? Even the FBI reports international organized crime. Your citizens are suffering.
Then why didn't you speak up when Bill and Barry did it ???!!!!! ..... Traitor


Here's a clue...
http://ntknetwork.com/aclu-lawyer-says-travel-ban-could-be-constitutional-if-enacted-by-hillary-clinton/ …
You're such a liar, where were you when Christians were refused entry by obama you disgusting fraud.
US code does not say President has power except when U think it is cruel.  SCOTUS will uphold order.
You are wrong. Why do you want people here who are not properly vetted?
Thats a blatant lie sir.Who do you serve?
How many lies can you tell in 40 characters?
You are not only a brazen liar, you are a fundamentally flawed human being. Just stop. Now.
What government office are the immigrants seeking?  That's what the "religious test" refers to.  Stop treating people like they're idiots.
Why do you lie...it wasn't a religious test....ridiculous!
Hey stupid glad your not VP you don't know the first thing about our Constitution or our laws put this in your pipe and smoke it FOOL
And by the way if you can't read a Muslim ban if that's what it was is absolutely constitutional
Since when has not letting potential terrorist into the USA unconstatutional
What, speak English please. ILL  ?
It is not cruel
WHY THEN are Muslim countries banning refugees??? Answer that Senator!
How do you know this? Where is the evidence to the contrary? You have none Senator, it is pure nonsense spilling from your mouth #Liar
You know you're a liar. Your payment is coming. Now or later.
Ever just make shit up?  Get a spot on SNL.  They'll love you there and you won't need to get elected either.
So bring Islam and the Muslims to your neighborhood if you think it's ok. You have no problem locating to others neighborhoods.
It's time for you to sit down and shut up. Why do you think you weren't elected. American betrayal at it's best.
For sure, the judge put a stop on it. Wake-up
Apparently, amer citizens are 3rd class behind radical terryn illegal aliens... #resigTimKaine for you are clueless
YOU LIE!
Its not going to happen, you can NEVER SHUT DOWN GOD. Nice try!
You still alive Kaine ? I figured Hillary would have had you killed by now
Sometimes, I replay that VP debate you got destroyed in
I laugh and have a Scotch
You were so horrible
Was it on purpose? 
( tell me )
If trump ever introduced a travel ban, talk about it. It is still obama's travel ban introduced in November 2015.... not a big fan of facts?
That is very rich coming from you.
Democrats talking about the constitution is like bill clinton talking about been faithful
It's not unconstitutional. No alien shall presume a right to come here. Established and we'll litigated precident
What will?  Tell us please!  You have the answer..share it!
WTH is wrong with you?
Just because you see Hillary making up excuses for your loss you need to make up stuff as well? The only cruel thing is you won't go away
Tweets like this make you part of the problem.
It is not a religious test. Never was. This is just your attempt at spin the same way you spun scripture in the debates. THAT was a test.
CITE YOUR SOURCES!  Show the test, prove your claim!  Here's a tip, you can't!!!!!
strange I did not hear any of the same sort of drivel when obama did the same travel ban.
Do you realize what a political sellout you are? Your lust for politics undermines what Virginian want.
Then take in the next 10 refugees from Syria; 4th circuit will uphold. If touchyfeely 9th Circuit does not, will get crushed in #SCOTUS
You STILL here, Peckerwood? No room at the Funny Farm, I reckon ..
Yes. Sally Yates stood up for democracy and fairness. We need to do the same. He cant fire ALL americans!
WOW! And you wanted to be our VP? He's only following the travel ban list on countries that Obama had. Your stupidity is unbelievable!
Still spreading falsehoods I see. Not a religious ban but go ahead keep it up you still lost.
Trump/Bannon, Goodlatte, whose staff drafted the ban, have this idea that they live in a vacuum. How many miscalculations can they make?2018
If not maybe your criminal son can stage a protest?
No one gives a shit what these foolish courts decide. It will sail through the Supreme Court because it is 100% constitutional & right.
It's not a religious test. This stupid tired line from liberals is beyond annoying it's not unconstitutional and you know it.

Thank God you lost. Travel ban isn't unconstitutional. Someone get Timmy a copy please.
Liar. Show me, exactly, where the religious test is in the EO. Don't mealy-mouth bullshit it like a Clinton, show me.
It's Obama's list that he is using. It looks like Obama was trying to make us safer.
NOT a religious ban!Dems say Const gives foreigners greater right to our country than citizens have to insure those coming pose no threat
Um, a law was passed in 1952 that gives the president this power. Look it up senator, and I use that term loosely.
The power to do what he did is constitutional!  If you would look you would know that! But NO you want to be a lap dog for @chuckschumer
considering they r not CITIZENS, they have NO #ConstitutionalRights
Please delete your account, you are embarrassing yourself again.
Sen Kaine doing what Democrats do - LIE!
What "religious" test? point to the paragraph or section please
Would you like to hear from a legal immigrant, oh no you are a dem, so tone deaf. Yeah not waiting for your reply VA
Remember that time six months ago when you and the lady in the bad pant suit lost to Trump in that election? Good times right there
We didn't dodge a bullet by NOT electing president pants suit & vp clueless,  WE DODGED A MISSILE!
He is banning refugees from countries that have no VETTING process so stop being a token liar.
Please stop lying or are you hallucinating...you look high or crazy.
stopping terrorists will make us safer.  It's not a religious ban at all.  else we would ban may other countries.
A pause is not a "ban". Did you call it a "ban" when Obama did it?
I don't recall you saying that when Obama paused Iraqi immigration
there is no religious test - aside from what was already codified long before Trump re: priority for persecuted people.
At best, this is disingenuous. But its more accurate to say you're a liar. Then again, you're a Democrat and a politician so....
And you know this how? Because of your not at presidential level of security?
Let us hope collectively. Trump will never be qualified as Predident yet he's in. The damage he's done
this so why u lost. Cause u r a liar and a fraud. Real Americans saw through u easily. MAGA and u won't b in congress much longer
Thats Y U lost Tim! US constituition applys 2 US citzens only, not the world. Obviously safety of US citizens isn't your 1st priority!
Ppl who come here legally & wish to assimilate are welcome, but those who come illegally, wish 2 do harm or undermine the constitution R not
I counted 4 lies in your one tweet.  You must be proud.
I think the record is 7, set by @barrackobama
Just because you say its so doesn't make it so. You lie
Melt you poor little You would be better suited to work for a as a 
you would almost think obama banned your campaign wisconsin
Twilight Zone ventiloquist dummy trying out some new dialogue (albeit complete lies), unaware the series has been long cancelled.
how can something be unconstitutional when it pertains to non americans not in this country?
Tim "the cuckhold" Kaine ....Loser. Sad.
I'd like to know how you vote when important matters impact our people. Republican officials scare me now. Trust has been broken.
And THIS is why you and your cohort LOST.
Sharia Law bans homosexuality and thinks of women as subhumans.  How hard is it to understand we do not want it in America.
So you just continue make shit up
I respect your stance but Dems use such "willingness to include/help" as a way back into power to recreate what they had with Clinton/etc.
Could you pls expound on the cruelty of this ban?  Also, on how it qualifies as a religious test?  Just not seeing how it is different.
hope they travel to your neighborhood.
You're an authority on NOTHING.
You ever notice Dems cry "racism" at every turn but then base everything they do by race/sex/color?
@JacumbaGirl @timkaine
If a religious test, why is Malaysia not on the list?  Because they don't have a failed Govt and proper screening occurs.  Simple
Unconstitutional!?!
Ditto
When you can't win an argument with your opponent, lie about their position.
Nice tip.
Until Dems acknowledge religion is as the most harmful force on Earth, the GOP will advance their divisive pro-religion agenda. Sorry, true.
This is why your not VP!
That is not true
Oh shut up Kaine you have not lifted a finger to vote for anything that would help people
It is a religious and ethnic cleansing program. Not unlike hitlers. But, rich Chinese can buy their visas. Get him out
What would you suggest Senator? We allow anybody to come illegally, I am just searching for solutions, want to see what you think about it-
Not to mention it's foolish since most of these so called "terrorists" were lone wolves and born in America.
Based on the situation in Europe, terrorists are not what we should fear.  Non-assimilating #RefugeesNotWelcome.  Assist in their homelands.
You know every well its NOT a ban on Muslims, it's a ban on "Radical Muslim Terrorists" Wording for the ban is poor, yet no one corrects it?
Kaine is dumb.

viper eggs spew from the liars mouth ! Timmy you are a abonamation to honesty & truth.
Why has a judge recused himself?
Pope said this, Trump is a 
person who thinks only about building walls, wherever they may be, and not building bridges,is not Christian
While hidden behind a huge wall
The constitution protects Americans not foreign nationals thats why you are not VP
Cite the unconstitutional part. Put t before us to read. Give references
If you TRULY felt that way, wouldn't the thing be to introduce legislation to change the law? Or is this just a wedge issue for you?
God bless Senator Kaine. Thanks for all you do for AMERICA. Please impeach that Buffoon
Homework for MidTerms #Vote November 6, 2018: http://ballotpedia.org/United_States_ …

WE are the EMPLOYERS; We PAY those we hire. Let's hire intelligently
What's with u people? Don't u see reports, these people need strict vetting before entry to US! Or bring them to ur neighborhood w/o vetting
When ur buddy Obama did it, it was ok! Just more of DEMS dirty politics, right Kaine?
Aren't we past the 90 days that Trump needed to "figure out what the hell is going on.."?
Exactly!!
Remember the shameful anti-Lutheran and anti-Shinto travel ban during WW2, and the anti-Anglican travel ban in the late 1770s.
Trump/Bannon Admins continued irrational irresponsible & racist actions have put the USA & its people at risk both at home & worldwide
That is shit.
Bravo Tim! Please keep fighting the good fight for all of us as hard as it is!
@marideenow judges are recusing...
Really?!
You are a liar. Trump travel ban applies to all people coming from restricted countries, regardless of religion. Grow up.
How about we send u unAmerican Trumpys to Russia a long with Putin's PUPPET. I prefer democracy over communism.
1. Oh do you prefer democracy over communism, Tami?
