.@SenSchumer: Americans believe they’re getting a raw deal from our economic and political systems. They are right. http://nyti.ms/2uPSVZS 
How do we all need and connect to each other? From country singer to rap. Blue collar to elite if u r. A Dem we connect how? Figure it out
They talk alot with NO plan whatsoever then they stab their supporters in the back. Time and time again. Yet you still vote for them. Idiot
#MediCareForAll Get the healthcare profiteers *out* of the industry. Now!
Dems unite?  you have no leadership
but you have one heck of a good pizza slogan
 
Why did you wait till now?
Today should be about:
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare
Healthcare
I hope Dems will help addicts and mentally ill too.
Hmm did they for last 8 years?
But you don't know how, your a dumbocrap. You talk great but never deliver.
Thank you for coming to Wise RAM. Please don't forget about us here in SWVa! We need jobs and healthcare! Please fight for us! @MarkWarner
Dems have always used the word "jobs", the problem is U never did anything to curb loss or promote new.  Pres Trump did.  2200 new in June.
how are you going to do it? votes are riding on you doing something. not obstructing
Boost pay??? By allowing illegal immigrants to take jobs from us or force minimum wage hikes which creates fewer jobs?
Mr Kaine the campaign needs a quilt of Americans. From Rural to metro cohesion and how we connect. Message We, All, take back our America
What? More government spending & regulation?  Like the 8 years of the #Obama administration.
U voted 4 the TPP & 4 every 1 of Trump cabinet picks! Support #ABetterDeal of the #PeoplesPlatform or be voted out! https://summerforprogress.com/platform 
Answer is none, you couldnt even pass a balanced budget. And now your pouting about Trump winning. Help fix health care and stop crying.
Funny you democrats voted yourselves raises for the last 9 years. How many cost of living raises did you give the People?
Nothing dems want will benefit anyone except dems
And RIGHT NOW Republicans are trying to take away health care from millions! And Dems don't even mention it
Make them stop bashing HRC!
HRC, is a career criminal. As Bill is a sexual predator. Learn the facts.
Exactly! We need a new Democratic Party leader who has brains and charisma, a real go-getter. @TomPerez needs to resign.
All dems need to resign and move to another country. I'll help you pack.
Just like the V.A. Hospitals, Gov run, never efficient, never fixed by Dems.  Thanks to Pres Trump, our vets R getting great treatment.
I believed you referred to most middle class Americans as "Deplorables", "Racists" and "Ignorant"! Now you're worried about us? Hypocrite!
Use this handy dialer to call lots of senators. Hit * for the next call. It calls DC and local offices.
That is what Trump is accomplishing, jobs w better pay!!!
Now you want to take the credit?
Why did Dem block the VA?
Infrastructure 
We are
Agreed. Can you please tell Sen. Schumer to stop talking bad about the 2016 Clinton/Kaine campaign. You & HRC did amazing.
Saw some of your ideas , stupid and won't work. Like you did on campaign raise taxes .what an about face in a year . Let's help corp
Lmao yea ok, nice try.
Just in power for 8 long years..what stopped you and your vision from doing all those things..DNC is losing money, voters, so slogan change
This is why Donald Trump is our President, Dems have abandoned America for their self interest.
Then get out and tell people about it.  Tell them about training and what the Dems have already done.

You are delusional! Once again the Dems will screw over the working class! They do it every time!
Linwood Kaine, Tim Kaine's son (D-VA) has CRIMINAL CHARGES against him-protest at a Trump rally back in March.
Dems haven't had economic vision since President BILL Clinton, all of the sudden you grasp Trump's message as your platform?? Pathetic....
@timkaine I can't wait until you and Warner are replaced as Virginia's senators Many working to do that
Worked for the VA? VA works for noone
Senators Kaine, Schumer, & Warren, where have you been the last many yrs?  You lost the election because you ignored the middle class!Growup
Divisions in the Dem Party it's what helps GOP win seats. We all know it, but Dems still can't unite in one message. Dems wake up. Unite!
kaine & schumer had 8 yrs to boost  economy job s & pay did nothing now think they have the answers baloney
A livable wage gets folks off Medicaid/food stamps/ entitlements, lowers taxes! We should stop subsidizing min wage payers!
Tim you might want to tell @SenSchumer to stop trashing @HillaryClinton and then stealing her platform.
what's the plan for boosting stagnant wages in the face of ceo's making almost 300x's the average worker?? in low paying service industries!
More food stamps and more illegal immigration is what they have done
don't understand how immigration & food stamps weigh into discussion about wages. some people are hurting & hungry. others want to be here!
#MediCareForAll *must* be at the top of the list.
Along with Campaign Finance Reform.
Get corporate and foreign money out of our elections!
Thank you for your vocal support. While no longer a VA resident I consider it my home and I appreciate all you do!!
Well that sounds like what trump wants. Good message. The only thing is your lying. All you do is resist POTUS agenda. We are not stupid!
Hey Tim, I think that's being done right now. You're a little late, didn't you just run last year!
Drain the swamp and start with you and Schumer.
Actually it worked for Trump. We know what your programs and policies deliver. The last time you held congress you stuck us with Obamacare
hey can we focus on health care first?
Probably just the libturds that say that
No thanks. After 8 years the economy has just started to work properly. Dems are anti business anti middle class
Sanders is not a Democrat. TAKE NOTICE who your base is POC, black women!!
Then why in the hell didn't ohbastard do it?
Hey, Timmie, if your mechanic effs up your car beyond belief, do you still use him? Sooo...who effed up the economy? Who? Take your time...
Bush schlubster, see? Easy answer.
Pay wasn't boosted in Virginia. Not near Roanoke. People struggle here.
Democrat policies kill job and higher pay. Increasing the #minimumwage eliminates jobs--but you and other Dems continue pushing bad policy
Uh huh, did your econ degree show you that?
Details?
One of the reasons it has taken so long for some people to finally see through Dems is that people do not like to admit, even to themselves,
, that they have been played for fools by a slick-talking politicians.
Doc is a troll
A Troll or/and a Mercer Funded BOT.
He is following quite a few of us, not sure if they are aware?
Will keep an eye on it. Thx
"Rebuild America Together"

 Dump that Trump like slogan
http://occupydeplorables.com/conservative-genius-james-woods-takes-aim-at-bernie-sanders-bullseye/#.WVFHNNZc-TE.twitter …
Isn't minimum wage still ~$7.25 in Virginia? Do you support $15? Why hasn't @GovernorVA gotten it done?
Because the legislator blocked a minimum wage increase
Right- pesky committees. Who can live on $7.25/hour alone? Not many.
"America, the land of diversity and strong economy"

 Dump that Trump like slogan
How about uniting to rig another primary? That went really well this last time.
It always worked for the rich.
"A stronger economy, a stronger America" 

Dump that other Trump like slogan
Dems only to stall the economy
