
Democrats admit to hiring actors to "agitate" in Charlottesville race riots! They are so bold.. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KsJQ0x-sCWs …
Keep labeling us racists. 
You are part of #TheBigLie 
More of us are aware of the  truth. 2018 is going to be when you are booted out!
We can't wait until the day where Nazi Trump leaves the WH and we can FINALLY say: "The long National Nightmare is now over."
We JJ, Obama was a Manchurian Candidate.  At least Trump is trying to save this nation. Too bad your ignorance is pathetic
It is right thing to fight hatred, but taking down our history is no better than ISIS destroying Palmyra in Syria a 2000 year old city.
The first thing we need to do is make sure our nation's children are getting a good historical education.  Learn about Nazis & the kkk.
Jesus Christ the history channel does nothing but run Hitler documentaries. Seriously who doesn't know.
I see no response from you Tim on Antifa violence.  I guess you support anarchy
America is a hate group, terrorists
As a Virginian, I call on Kaine to denounce ALL hate and ALL violence. Call out all hate groups...neo-nazis, antifa, BLM, etc.
He needs to call out his son first!
It was your Governor who caused it for political gain  changed route had police stand down caused that girls death
We must have an investigation with extensive public testimony as to what happened in Charlottesville with a report and recommendations.
you pay for it

73% Say Freedom of Speech Worth Dying For - Rasmussen Reports™ http://m.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/lifestyle/general_lifestyle/august_2017/73_say_freedom_of_speech_worth_dying_for …
Beautiful day. Sen. K. The Virtues in the Village Movement will help prevent future tragedies. Be a sponsor. RVP from NN to Charville 8/25
We developed a school version call the Standards of Character (SOC) in Schools. Academics without morals produces smart criminals! Help do!
GOP platform supports voter suppression and most voters don't understand how gerrymandering affects our country. Education is needed.
About the same as ballot tampering.
The crowd circumstances were different ... Ohio and Barcelona were not rallies such a Charlottesville.  The hate in WH needs to stop!
Please make a public update on the investigation and arrest of the ppl who beat DeAndre Harris at the door of #Charlottesville PD
We can't mourn properly until we respond to all the hate crimes committed that day! #DeandreHarris 
@ShaunKing
We've provided authorities:

7 videos.
142 images.…
What about Antifa
The blood will be on your hands.  Take their freedom away and see the weep you sew. #ANTIFA #McAuliffe
WOW and there you will see the end of Antifa. LMAO. Do it Antifa PLEASE!!!!!!
Progress Suggestion - Get rid of divisive people ala you, Timmy.  The rest of us may then have a positive dialogue and discuss  real issues.
I for one am more than happy to see seditious, bigoted Democrats removed from their pedestals of veneration.
You an that worthless governor #McAuliffe & Wes Bellamy http://cavalierdaily.com/article/2016/1 … started with your personal hate for our history time to VUO
What for George Soros and democrats are responsible.
Member of the VIOLENT Antifa Terrorist Group
Reminder : Tim Kaine’s Son is a Member of the VIOLENT Antifa Terrorist GroupCULTURE be careful
Do us a favor and get the heck out of VA!  We don't want you or your lies.
look in the mirror!
So is your son still in jail?
Well, Tim...You could respond by being a responsible citizen and refrain from fanning the flames of hatred.
Loved your reasoning of how to deal with the confederate monument issue! Why would we honor those leaders before others? DNC needs you now!
Saw you on @Morning_Joe today. You make us Virginians proud!

Mr Tim Kaine - You are a smiley face troublemaker. You are exactly like Zachary Smith on lost in space - deceving and making trouble.
Well we can start with the dems stop stirring the shit.
What's disgusting is that you're using this deplorable action as a political ping pong ball- nothing about the atrocities of past 8 years
How's your son doing with the hate and Violence thing you talk about? Tim? Hello? @TrumpGirlStrong @RealJamesWoods
We can start by a dressing the awful hate groups sponsored by the democrats. You guys do not deserve to be leaders. Your destroying everyone

What  about this hate  in your  own party. All you are,about is hate.  This is why Trump one. His bumbers are climbing . 65%.
You sounded great on face the nation today. I was very proud to have voted for you and Hillary!


Perhaps the Democrats could stop urging a race war and do something positive for America? Why did you get into politics anyway? Riches?
#GaysForTrump #PeopleOfColorForTrump #TeachHonestHistory #ResistCorruption #ResistSoros #ResistCorporatists #AntifaTerroristOrganization
Excellent job, Senator!!! 
gee tim, is your son out on bail...

Tim, why arent you calling out YOUR OWN WHITE SUPREMACIST ANTIFA CRIMINAL SON, Tim??

TIM,  DO YOU CONDEMN ANTIFA?
That's proposterous! Stop spewing your hate! We need reasonable people to move to the forefront & people like you need to just stop!
from the alt left?
Yes! Please get Antifa under control put them on the list of hate groups and watch their movements. They need to be stopped by all means.
Textbook LIBERAL Insoluable Dilemma
No greater hate than to kill a child created by God in their mother's womb.
He needs to resign. Plain and simple! We need congress to come out and all say it!
The hatred we saw in Virginia has been magnified by the media for political gain and or power.
Will you move to remove name of Russell Long from Senate office building? How about Robert Byrd from all federal bldgs in WV?
Trump has called out Nazis, White Supremacist, KKK and even David Duke 57+ times by name. How many times have Democrats called out BLM?
Is your son in this crowd, Tim?
Hows that progress going with your antifa son?
How's the progress going with educating yourself w real information? You should be worried about Trumps kids & collusion #alternativefacts
why did you support black lies matter that has had more violent riots that put the police and people in hospitals.Killed 17 officers so far
You can start by acknowledging that both sides had a hand in the violence, oh and please resign #TermLimits
why didn't you condemn antifa who took there name from a communist party during WW2.why didn't you condemn Soro's for helping nazis get jews
The best way You and your cohorts can respond is by getting the hate out of the WH... Trump, Gorka, and Miller
You can start by trying to understand why your son is with Antifa...maybe learned hate at home?
.@timkaine Maybe we can id their faces from mugshots first. Which of these #AltLeft Antifa terrorists is Woody Kaine? #MAGA #Charlottesville
It is time to RESTART UNIFYING NATION WITHOUT trump administration.
You mean by fighting hate with hate when 62% of American's don't want the Confederate statues removed denounce Antifa
Watch this  & hold hearings
She can't do anything at the WH that would directly affect her financial position. That would be a crime. 18 USC 208 http://www.newsweek.com/kellyanne-conway-net-worth-donald-trump-white-house-how-rich-651152?amp=1 …
Why Was This 'Crowd Hire' Company Recruiting $25 An Hour 'Political Activists' In Charlotte Last Week? | Zero Hedge
Quit acting like a middle school baby
The Best Way to start healing Process Mr Kaine is to Accept President Trump as Our President, That IS THE FIRST STEP
You want to know strategy? @dickhead
Can someone explain this? This woman is the GOP Chair in Denton Co, TX. This is NOT funny.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems I hope that this congress will come together & make sure that Trump doesn't escalate a war in Afghanistan or N Korea
stop supporting antifa who took there name from a communist party during WW 2.Stop supporting black lies matter since they killed officer
was it the free speech mongers or the masked violent armed agitators
Are you people so ignorant that you didn't know Robert E. Lee didn't own slaves!! He thought slavery was evil. Learn what the war was about!
Protect and preserve our history, and honor our veteran's and their statues, and plaques, and statues, and monuments.


great idea ,replace General Lee statue w Pocahontas, but suggest you use fake Pocahontas, Warren as a symbol of death of Democrats
Rename the J. Davis Hwy for unsung hero Gen. George Henry Thomas. Born in VA, he chose to fight for the Union.
Gen. George Henry Thomas was born in VA but fought for the Union in the Civil War. He won many battles but to little acclaim @TerryMcAuliffe https://twitter.com/jalopnik/status/899307621374726144 …
Get Soros to quit paying 25 an hour
Did your son help with talking points? Like they say "the (rotten) apple doesn't fall far from the tree"
Please continue to do good work on behalf of all of us!!
We need a new POTUS organization in the WH people who actually care about EVERYTHING
Worth watching; this is how our leaders are supposed to react. Smart, thoughtful, firm, and measured. KAINE 2020!
Replace Lee w/ Pocahontas. THAT will quell hatred. Take ur statues. I'll take a @POTUS who strengthens economy, creates jobs, secures nation
hatred from people like your  son Linwood? I wonder where he learned how to blend his politics with violence, was it from you?
Kaine,I haven't heard you condemn Missouri lawmaker calling for Presidents assassination. Left wing hate seems Justified with you
That's not going to win u anything in 2018. @HillaryClinton lost #BigTime but no apologies from DNC. Just threats toward the @POTUS loved.
The only hatred was and is the Dems black lives matter Communist progressive socialist fascist and you
That should be a display of objectivity
Thank you Senator
ask your antifa commie son about violence
Your idealism caused itTim?
It's idealism like yours that caused it Tim!
It's idealism like yours that caused it dufuss!
I think the best response would be to replace useless VA representatives like you and @GovernorVA with people who will govern on our behalf.


What about all the reports saying the 2 groups were hearded together intentionally for the specific reason to cause trouble??
Your-would-be-boss would know ALL about creating hate&devide; She thrived on it, after you two clowns LOST;Tell your son to get used to this
Stop spewing it then! You hypocite!
Dems need to quit paying for them to protest
Thank you, Senator!
Like you have any answers or solutions....  you and your fellow democrats have built and continue to feed this divisive fire.  Support Trump
Very good interview!
I have enjoyed "getting to know you" a bit better since the presidential debates.
REMEMBER UNITY BINDS US TOGETHER EVEN AS A NATION!
THE ONLY WAY WE CAN FIX THIS PROB !IS CONGRESS SHOULD WORK TOGETHER! SHOW AS EXAMPLE TO THE PEOPLE! THAT THERE IS UNITY AND THEY ARE WORKING
Now that society has determined <by mob rule> that certain segments of society have no right to free speech, who should "we" target next?
KEEP STIRRING THE POT
Way to go. You recycled all the left talking points...Have you ever had an original thought? Any independent ideas/solutions? #noagenda
Read your piece today in Richmond Times Dispatch. Thank you for such an eloquent statement about creating a usable past
VA needs a governor that doesn't tell police to stand down while using violent hate groups like antifa & blm to create violent confrontation
McAuliffe has now issued an exec order to remove 1st amendment rights in the state of VA. Strange, he's the one acting like a Nazi.
Keep your son home after dark Tim and don't speak publicly.this will do a world of good for the entire country 
Reality: Hatred from any group is wrong. Hatred from Antifa, BLM no different from NeoNazis, KKK. All present & promote violence.
None of the groups represent USA. Gov McAuliffe should have kept all of these groups separated, not used politically. Trumped condemned all.
USA is fed up w/violence from all of these left groups & w/politicians, media ignoring violence by Antifa & BLM. Dems want 1st amend removed
Days after the election, you said the Trump Presidency will test all aspects of our democratic systems.  Your words give me hope every day.
When will you denounce Antifa and BLM? Was your son part of the violence? Wasn't it YOU who said "take the fight to the streets"? #fraud
Timmy hate starts at home. It sure shows what you have taught your son. Way to go DAD!!!

Timmy you should be shot for treason with your side kick Crocked Hillary.
Stop voting Democrat would be a good start
Liked your comment about avoiding "broad brushes." Please pass along to your fellow Dem, Howard Dean. He didn't get the message.
Division, that's what they want, Open Your Eyes, when they take alittle at a Time, it's too late when they take what you value
Too bad Mr Kaine subscribes to Identity Politics, until All "Public Servants" Stop Lining their pockets with our money, this is what we have
Awesome job today! I wish you and Hillary were in charge. I'd rest easier at night.
Put all the liberal Democrats that are causing this into prison. That will solve some of it but they will never stop.
@HouseDemocrats @GOP @FoxNews The only way is to disband the DNC which is the root of all bigotry, racism & hatred.
Condemning Anti First Amendment (ANTIFA) & BLM would be a great start from the Left but will never happen. Hypocrites & opportunists. #MAGA
And gun control!  Let's get those military-style weapons OFF THE STREETS.
Never
How about you just stop talking and fueling the hysteria?  People like you are the problem.
Invoke the 25th would be a good start. #ImpeachTrumpNow
we've seen how the Dems respond..VIOLENCE..THREATS..MORE VIOLENCE...are you going to push to outlaw automobiles now?
It was already addressed diplomatically & appropriately by @POTUS  You LOST the election in 2016. Now kindly go away
What is being done in Virginia to charge the white supremacists who assaulted a Black man?  We need to address that first!
Will @FaceTheNation  have the courage to ask you how you square this with having #AntifaTerrorists in the family? What consequences for son?
Your support for #McAuliffe and his hate group #ANTIFA will be voted out. Can't wait for Nov
#Kaine I regret voting for the 2 of You. Can't wait to vote for Ed. Nov can't get here soon enough
You can STOP going 2 Racist Slaver Jefferson-Jackson Day Dinners. Seen here is old KKK klansman Democrat President Truman @ the Hate Dinner!
Wonderful segment, thank you.
You an that worthless governor #McAuliffe & Wes Bellamy http://www.cavalierdaily.com/article/2016/11/wes-bellamy-charlottesville-twitter … started with your personal hate for our history time to VUO
Thank you, Sen Kaine for your kind and thoughtful approach to governing. Inspiring heart for service.
Fire the entire Congress; that would be a good start. Then (you'll love this), halve their pensions, and cancel their healthcare.
Where is your outrage at 6 police officers shot and killed ? Don't their lives matter to you.  Not one democratic has condemned that
You did a great job. I liked your list of people we should recognize with statues or building names.

Sen. Kaine, please tell the Police Chief to enforce the law like what Boston Police did.  Don't blame President Trump.
Mr Trump said there's good & bad on both sides ! Your one for the bad ones on the other side !
How are things with your kid?
We should respond by indicting the WH
all the little babies coming together in heaven, to discuss why you& your kind murdered them !
Like #BostonResist
Please run for President! Kaine Castro 2020!!
We don't think so. Hold my beer
Your message was clear! Thank you!
Racism is evil!! If you have violence at a racist rally w/ deaths, shouldn't your immediate focus be stopping violence?
Not sure all Native Americans feel the same about Pocahontas saving John Smith's life...
How bout you start with YOU, Tim. Stop hating those you don't agree with. Stop repaying adversaries with your contempt and distortion.
Huh?
Don't expect them to make sense.  They're misinformed stooges who repeat the lies from Fox, Breitbart, RW radio. Kaine is a great person.
Thx. It's disgusting to see all the hate, but it's always been there. They just feel empowered now bc of the imposter in the WH.
Aka what kind of regulations can we pass to make us have more power?
Dickerson is an alt left wingnut how far CBS has fallen...sad
Rejecting Dems in midterms and 2020 are the only way to rectify the hate we are currently experiencing.
With love
