A federal appeals court narrows the scope of the Trump administration's travel ban http://nyti.ms/2wO6QPc 
Why didn't they apply for citizenship if they are such good citizens?? A lot of them have been here long enough to finish college!!
If you mean #DREAMers, they ae not eligible for naturalization. There is no path to citizenship with #DACA nor for the undocumented.
This seems to be a good place to start in Congress I think. Who put this in place? Not very forward thinking. Thank you for the info.
Oh, for Chrissake! Mexico is not part of the travel ban! Do you really not know that?
I watched you stating that you don't know about Antifa (your son org.). It creates TERROR=TERRORISTS. Check with
Projectiles being thrown at officers in waterfront park near demonstration zones.
These people will bankrupt Social Security and Medicaid. What will you ask from our seniors? A 25% cut in social security? Sick!
Read Please Senator: https://twitter.com/Phillip_H_Davis/status/906276610202095616 …
I thank MY LORD+ Saviour CHRIST JESUS Sen. that U ARE NOT V. President of America Families do need to stay together so stop endangering them
same travel ban that you passed when Obama put them out 2 times.I guess with Trump your biased
it's going back to the supreme court who will stop this again.The lower courts get in trouble every time they go against the justices
The market has failed, let's give the lower middle class  of our country the leverage to be able to compete against the europe. #singlepayer
So does he have a primary challenger yet?
Great Memory by the person just and Good Sir President peace to yuor just person and valors..

Antifa is throwing irritant smoke and projectiles at police.
I applaud you and Crooked Hillary we're rejected by the American People. 9th circuit will be over turned by SCOTUS.
He wants more VOTERS for VIRGINIA!
Why do care more about people that shouldn't be in this country vs. people that are from this country you are a
What coward buffoon you are Tim Kaine. Travel ban works sorry real Americans aren't looking for votes because they've done nothing like you

I bet you are so proud of your criminal child he is just following your lead
Heard his kid is involved with ANTIFA?
These people are being allowed to collect Social Security and Medicaid. This is so wrong to all our elderly who paid into it.
#KateSteinle family isn't together, Tim.  To whom are you and the rest of your party pandering?!  Snap out of it.
Timmy Timmy Timmy, #POTUS has just short ciruited your beloved 9th Circuit!  Justices are their to uphold laws NOT practice making new ones!
typo correction: 'there' NOT 'their'
This is good news! Discrimination & tearing families apart is not the American way. Thank you justices
Don't speak for America we patriots don't support obamas violation of the constitution, DACA.
How many people across the nation have to die because of illegal criminal aliens? And where do you get your facts? Ask SCOTUS about 9th Cir
You want a free for all to let the whole family in. The elderly are beingallowed to go on Medicaid and recieve Social Security w/o paying in
You dems are so dirty your open border illegal voters will stop, your plea for foreign people stinks !!
#BANANTIFA
The 9th Circus Court with you Tim, you are their Jester. I will send you a hat.
A crap ruling that will be overturned.
Oh, look, the Supreme Court is already checking in on the subject. Oh, it didn't go your way, did it?
Tim Kaine is a politician who is  embarrassing shameful to America. This dumbass backed lying Hillary Clinton. Uses religion for votes
your just another one breaking the immigration laws and the constitution.The voters in this country are sick of you.Democrats are corrupt
Your wrong. Come here legally the way my family did from Germany. What do you not understand about illegal, protect us from terrorists.
"You're" not "your." And the travel ban has nothing to do with illegal immigration.
We told u in November we don't givecshit what u or the wicked witch think
Obstruction of Justice by Dems isn't wrong! Dems attempting to have Innocent Babies placed into NJ Foster Care System isn't wrong though !
A Senator with no appreciation for the rule of law. Pandering to illegals because American citizens detest him. Evil bastard.
How about citizen families traitor
The 9th circuit, and you, are just about done.
How can we trust liberals like Kaine to be in charge when they govern based on their feelings and emotions?
Keep families together wherever the hell they came from! Why can they only stay together here? Try working for American interests for once
Cannot express how lucky this country is that HRC is not potus and u r not VP. Go home and try to save your son! He needs your help!
Hey Virginia, when are you going to wake up and realize this fool is making you a laughing stock of the US?
why do these Satanic #childrapists keep trying so hard to ruin America? Open borders=open child trafficking.
Don't separate the families. Send them all back.
Are they ever Not overturned?

Only dumbasses applaud their nonsense knowing it will be dumped.

Pathetic
Is that why the 9th circuit always gets OVER TURNED, Obama stacked it with his ASS KISSERS. GFYS.
I have yet to see the government rip a a family apart other than Elian Gonzalez. I am certain they can all leave together if they want.
How's that son of yours?
And of course, you are wrong again! 9th circuit decisions are overturned as fast as coffee gets cold!
Again a sitting democrat Senator calling for law breakers to be free.  I have to follow the law so should all!!! U not Veep!!!
The 9th circus gets turned over 80% of the time for a reason  How's your criminal son doing
We'd rather have our POTUS keep us safe than unconstitutional 9th circuit politicizing this.
It's amazing that someone like you sits on his head all day and when we look at your face we're really looking at your ass
Well, if that were true you could introduce and try to pass a bill but I realize that concept escapes Democrats
Question: Why wasn't it wrong when Deporter in chief Obama sent more illegal aliens home than any previous president? Kaine doesn't get it
This is why you lost!
If you know every opinion b4 it's given, the court is political.  9th circuit is a notorious joke & rare unanimous scotus shows it!  Go CAL
The 9th circuit has 80% of their decisions that go to the SCOTUS overturned.
The 9th Circus Court of Appeals has been overturned more times than the flapjacks at IHOP.
Supreme Court needs to hold the 9th Circuit judges in contempt and sanction or Jail them for repeatedly Violating American Liberties
This court is ruled unethical non-law abiding, rogue, criminal judges. They don't even try to hide it. #DraonTheSwamp
Talk to your Bishop, or WE will. 
You have a LOT to discern. 
You are severely confused. So very sad. 
And do not come to West LA. Ever.
I agree deport the dreamers with their parents.
If we want to "keep families together", we must end #DACA, #NoDreamAct -deport the illegal Dreamers & their illegal parents. @GOP @HouseGOP
No, sir! You are wrong!  These people are here illegally and should be deported!
He seriously has no clue does he?
@scotus always overturns the "clown circuit" because they don't respect the rule of law and law enforcement in general you #unhinged
@timkaine Ridiculous statement.. you're a puppet. #Corrupt
no it is not again congress trying to over rule the people with a bought court

Nope nut jobs..SCOTUS will overturn
2018 is coming
Tim...are you stupid or just un-American or both..  and do something with you son... lastly, just shut up
Idiot.
Your running mate is on record against you before she changed her mind. Since 9th ruled the way they did, we know it will be overturned.
The Sp Ct will reverse this decision just like every other decision this court has dished out. These judges must be removed.
You are a disturbed being
Your kid being a terrorist is wrong. You should be removed from office.
He  shouldn't be removed from office because of his son,  but he should shut up...
What's wrong with you?
Oh my goodness, grow up!  We need to follow the law, EVERYONE!
You are  so unwise and what are you going to do about your Communist son?
When will the madness  stop Kaine you work for American citizens not Illegals and you need to stop acting like you care
This is why you lost and we the people have no respect for you! We deserve to have a say in our country! How it's run. We pay your salary
Why do you think the feelings of people from OUS outweigh Americans' safety? Oh, I forgot, because you're rich and have security 24/7.
That's the idea.  It's supposed to discriminate against people that may seek to harm the US
Something which is really wrong is you won't condemn #Antifa. Is this because your son is one of the #Antifa terrorists Tim?
Law.
Hey dork, the 9th is the most overturned court in the country. There's a reason for that.
Applaud your son the antifa member. Like father like son?
SCOTUS will rule in the pause's favor in Oct. than I'll have tissues for your tears
It is not discriminatory when an illegal person, in the USA under false pretenses wants to bring his/her equally illegal family in as well.
Keeping families together has nothing to do with the Travel PAUSE from these 7 natiions BHO designated as terrorist.
When are you going to work for the American people?  You need to go!
Have you even taken a moment to look at the constitution?
We are Timmy, we r for American families not being broken apart by criminals and those that want to kill us. Try supporting that 4 a change!
What a big fat waste of our money. They think their Britches are bigger than the Supreme Court.
So far, we've had to depend on the Justice system to protect our rights.
Yes, excellent decision!

Tim, please. There is nothing discriminatory about the travel ban. The president is well within his rights. Temporary and necessary. Dunce.
And when we are hit again like 9-11 & loose our loved ones may it affect you directly!!!
No surprise there. Of course the 9th circuit shut it down but they will be overturned ONCE AGAIN when it goes to the SCOTUS.
The 9th circus...really like the SCOTUS won't over turn their unconstitutional ruling AGAIN! I cannot wait to vote u out
@NYTNational we need a constitutional amendment banning activist judges
Tim you are really delousional. Do not believe the fake news press. If you do all hope is lost for your party. We are pretty smart.
Any elected officials with family ties (like a son) to domestic terrorists should be removed from office for National Security reasons
Timmy, I found this picture of your son wearing his antifa work uniform 
9th circuit is a radical court,rigged for liberals with no regard for the Constitution or American people.SCOTUS will over turn again!
You can applaud the 9th circuit for about a month. Until the Supreme Court upholds our constitution and laws and reverses the clown court.
astoundred by hatred posted by those on the riye. This sadly what democracy looks like now. hatred nastiness instead of intelligent thought
Who's family's are you worried about ours or theirs damn no wonder you lost
If your argument is "keeping families together," then shouldn't felons be accompanied to prison by their families? You should be w/ your son

Tim Kaine Refuses to Condemn Antifa! This guy is nothing short of UnAmerican and should immediately move to North Korea. #crookpolitician
Tim Kaine you should have been there for your son who lived with you but instead you ignored him and he became a criminal.
How's it feel 2 constantly b on the losing side?  Like you senator, the 9th never learns.  Judicial branch doesn't legislate. Vote panderer.
Radical Socialist who would have destroyed the Republic. Raised an anarchist for a son. Great job.
Keeping families together?
Your leftist narrative destroys the family. 
You're a mess.
SHUT UP! Every time you open your mouth and spew
Tim the 9th circus is a joke.
They always get overturned by the Supreme Court. Your logic is why your party lost the election. #MAGA
in fact dems won by landslide 1 largest 2.9 million bvotes while trump won political ec with one of smallest
I know facts anathema to you. U prefer the #hitlertrump Fox right wing lies https://www.brennancenter.org/issues/voter-fraud …
The 9th has by far the worst record of any appeals court. Feelings and PC activism have no place in the judiciary, as the record reflects.
Yes keeping Americans safe is not important

This made me laugh!  
Either we're a nation of laws or we're not a nation. Follow the law.
When you were raping #Medicare in Oct. 2015, to pay for #ACA, how was that decided?
When you were helping #Navient  against @American ppl, but pressed #DacaDreamers , double dipping #taxpayers
Nice to see that you have time on your hands after LOSING to President Trump. LMAO!!!
What's it like knowing your son is a terrorust like father like son
I spelled terrorist correctly....  what's with twitter
Idiot
Who do you represent, Virginians and Americans, or everybody else in the world. You need to be a senator in Mexico, maybe.
You know that in a month SCOTUS will overturn another Liberal Courts unconstitutional ruling,wait and see.Then we will laugh at you liberals
Yr out of yr mind! House them all with yr bleeding heart!
Only you would want your kid!
That court has no understanding of the Constitution.  You are actually good with that?
Timmy boy! You are so far removed from reality!
So is Antifa but your son is all in
Antifa terrorists should be sent to GITMO
Wrong, we're #AmericaFirst.....how about the American's you screwed over for Obamacare that's hurting, let's not forget Vets, young, elderly
The travel ban obviously wasn't needed, since the danger the visitors and tourists posed hasn't come to pass.
So glad you and Hillary did not win.
The Constitution is for actual Americans Tim but, we know how desperate dems are for votes these days
Liberals are family destroyers. Where have you been? Cute words but nothing but bs. You don't care.
and you can list how many #travelban s in our history which were not by definition "discriminatory"? take your time, we'll wait #GoodLuck
Timmy Timmy Timmy!
What a dumb statement,do your homework Tim.Get in there and craft smart immigration policy!
what court do you recommend  #AntifaTerrorists being heard in?
Thank God Trump is our President. Did not realize how big the swamp is until he became President.
Wow.  Delusional. .
Another open borders idea. Democrats policies separated them in the first place

Senator Tim Kaine: ‘I Don’t Know Enough About Antifa’ https://buff.ly/2wOfux1  #tcot #maga #antifa 
When these illegal's blow something up. Remember that you said it was illegal!!!
Enjoy what time you have left befoe they vote you out
By not denouncing the Antifa you're supporting them. Indep Centralist Conser and some Dems will not support you. Keep up the good work.
It'll be overturned by SCOTUS just like the rest of these activist judge rulings.
Hopefully, your constituents discover you are nothing but a liar, and on Nov 6, 2018 they make it clear that you are FIRED @timkaine
Your just to ignorant to represent anyone,  DO YOU understand that protection of AMERICAN CITIZENS & COUNTRY comes FIRST, over travel

Flashback clip shows Clinton saying illegal immigrant children ‘should be sent back’  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/09/08/flashback-clip-shows-clinton-saying-illegal-immigrant-children-should-be-sent-back.html …
Of course you do, how much money do you make off these folks coming in?
AKA 9th circus most overturned Ct in USA uniformed  comment
Where were you when Obama proposed a similar ban? #partisanvomit
THANK GOD DONALD TRUMP KEEPS US SAFE FROM  COWARDS LIKE YOU
TRAVEL BAN IS SAFE AND RIght. IF U LOVE THEN SO MICH LET THEM LIVE IN YOUR HOUSE
Until u SPEAK AGAINST ANTIFA U CONDONE VIOLENCE AGAINST PEACEFUL AMERICANS
