zero intellectual honesty .@timkaine. Shame on your rhetoric, and that fully indoctrinated kid of yours. Great job
I don't think you would know a Nazis if one bit in the butt, take a history class before you call names your type have no idea of life palie
So what's up with that flag?you want people to think your an educated European, how's that liberal ideas working for you guys
Yes we notice how happy they are with all the terrorist attacks, peace and love man, I feel your pain, what a soft target
Well said. They are an ASSET to our society. It just boils down to xenophobia at this point.
False. It boils down to immigration law and order.
Ask her how they are an Asset. You won't get an answer
They hold jobs and are educated. How is that not an asset to society?
How do Illegals "hold jobs" w/out legal documents/social security #? If they have a job, they've likely used illegal means to get the job.
They have work permits under the DACA program. Are you kidding me? No research done on this at all from you?
They get grants for college which our kids do not. Do you have any empathy for the ppl waiting to come in legally? #DeportDACA
They get in state tuition and grants for the DACA application. Not the same.
Trump cant change immigration law.  Congress can.  Surely Tim Kaine knows that
He has to try to remove every positive example of Obama years. HE needs to be stopped before he destroys the US. IMPEACH. @realDonaldTrump
Just think, if President Trump succeeds in doing what he says he'll do how great would that be
But he won't
BS...just looking for votes, huh Tim??????
you put everyone before us #Citizens so glad you are NOT IN OFFICE ! We VOTED for our President @realDonaldTrump #Truth socialism and u LOST
How about the #Dreamers who are here stay, but enforce the law there after! #NoMoreAmnesty !
Maybe someday @congressdotgov will understand it's #AmericaFirst !!
The program is a failure. Stop wasting tax dollars. My tax dollars.
How did Trump betray dreamers? 0bama invited them! Let him pay for them. Not ME! OH, how's your terrorist kid? Hiding out in basement?
Our kids first senator. You still don't get it. MAGA!
Do you didn't have ancestors who came to America from another country?
My family came here and became LEGAL citizens. See the difference or do I need to elaborate? And what is "do you didn't " mean
That's all good, but I would Like to see programs that helps young Americans & Vets with job opportunities otherwise unavailable.
Well said sir.
Thank you.
If that was so they would have become American citizens long ago.
Here are some of your precious dreamers that you're so proud of....
What about young Americans? Shouldn't they come first???
When it comes to immigration, those taking the lawful path get precedence
Senator. You know how to talk to people. If you decide not to run for Pres. At least go on the road and get Dems elected.
Yes he showed his stuff last election, Clinton's operative
At least he was smart enough not to be a Trump operative.
Trump operative? Trump WON,the election is over he won he's the president of the United States, he got the votes, this is how it works
We are a nation who selects who comes in. I don't see you letting just anyone off the street to live IN your house and you pay their bills
#Disgraceful Socialist
Question: If an illegal immigrant child has been here for 20-30+ years then why have they not yet applied for citizenship? 
What about American citizen kids and our citizen. America can't take anymore people. We have no money to take care of other people.
And what does YOUR son contribute
#toddlerPOTUS attacking the child 4the sins of the parents. They've lived/learned/contributed in #USA their whole lives, where will they go?
It's tweets like this that will ensure Dem's never win an election again! American children first is Trumps heart, dedication not illegals.
Agreed...Kaine is hopefully on his way out.
Is just that illegal = def. means unlawful ! They need to do the process to become citizens it means more they won't do hate ! You Dems just
Well we are sick and tired of American Dreamers being left behind for illegal dreamers !  Americans First ! Charity begins at home ! Illegal
Look at it this way. They can Make Mexico Great Again!!!!!
You know Cain President Trump will never satisfy your out of control,unlawful ways,your party put USA  in shithole
We understand you wanting Democrat voters. But when you and the Democrats going to put our legal children first & recognize our Dreamers?
Imagine if this clown (literally) had become the vice president of this country. God indeed saved America in the last election!
you really expect @POTUS to drop a campaign promise after all the vile & treatment he has received from establishment politicians
Just think what these American educated Mexicans can do for their own country. Make Mexico great again...
What about Americans?  You seem to not care about actual Americans.

Tar and feather party for congress.
No surprise a Democrat thinks lawbreakers make us stronger.  Good grief.
They are your illegal votes. You lost.
You have lost your mind! You cannot be more out of touch with the foundation of this country and us who believe in it if you tried. Shame
dReamers






Okay we won't shoot them, just deport them!
#DACA is an unconstitutional criminal act that betrayed & enslaved the American people & we've had enough of you Communist destroying USA
Hire the over 22 group into the Clinton Fpundation keep the existing u32 in program, accept no new oned
Versus you fascists who would betray country for party!
So you support you're son being part of the terrorist group ANTIFA? ARE YOU THE RING LEADER
Illegal = ILLEGAL. #votekaineout18 because UR  one crappy senator. Embarrassed U represent my state. These "young people" must do it legally
why did the dems not take congressional action when they controlled wh & both houses of congress? @ least attempt when they had wh & senate?
A you want is a voting base, you don't give a shit about the illegals. Would u approve DACA if illegals couldn't vote or become citizens? 

And you haven't betrayed the people of this country who've committed suicide out of despair and lack of meaningful work?
Urging illegals to break the law? Wtf?
Americans make our country stronger legal AMERICANS .whats so hard to understand .
Hey Senator Kaine, maybe you should not worry about DACA children and worry about your son's affiliation with Antifa
How's that jail bird son of yours?  Hmmm?
And idiocy like this is exactly why Trump won!
He is treating them with great heart. He's getting them back to their home country . Before liberal Democrats destroy ours
Take care of your own house. You don't care about dreamers. You're trying to save face. Straighten out your very on #Antifa son!!!
More worried about supporting illegals and your son's affiliation with #Antifa than supporting American citizens and the hatred towards them
Isn't your son Antifa? You're supporting more criminals
Stronger? OK, so how many of these Dreamers are now citizens or in the middle of the process? You denigrate citizens by taking sides. #MAGA

He is a liar, unqualified to lead anything.
If he ends DACA he's upholding the law. Why do all politicians oppose this yet don't amend?? They know it's unconstitutional! #BordersNow
even if they break the law like your Son ?
Over dosing on stupidity is one reason you are not VP! You should teach your jail bird son the 3 R's! RULES, RESPECT & RESPONSIBILITY!
Great response message! And I thought I was one of few who sees the lack of the 3Rs in today's millennials. Looks like we have company!
I'm NOT ILLEGAL, I'm an undocumented immigrant dreaming for a better life
If you're here illegally you not only broke the law, you continue to do so every day you're here.
Given a choice between 80k dreamers being disappointed and millions of Americans not - we know Kaine's heart lies with non citizens.
Who are you kidding Kaine?  Dreamers leave, and you are losing their votes.  You don't give a $hit about them!  So stop your bull $hit!!
And LEGAL CITIZENS don't?Where are the freebies for my kids---nowhere--exactly.I PAY FOR OUR HEALTH,EDUCATION,TAXES-we contribute every day!
What about protecting Americans?  Oh right you can't even raise a decent child let alone take care of your real constituents.
Yes he did. But how did we manage before DACA?
Americans can no longer afford 2 pay 4 welfare healthcare and housing especially for those here illegally. Hold other countries accountable
DACA & Dreamer are two separate issues. DACA was to allow ppl fleeing Central American. Stop confusing the two!
Kaine's afraid he'll lose his domestic help.
DACA is unconstitutional. No President has the authority to write law. #EndDACA
Send them back to their home country so they can make it great
Make your son stronger- put him in rehab
With #DACA, illegal aliens request emergency leave so they can go to their country and then be allowed back to the US, apply for greencard
What Kaine is not telling you is illegal aliens, in thousands,  are using #DACA as a backdoor amnesty.
Nice try VA has been paying billions to support illegal aliens. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH 

NO DACA!
Interesting, the group who pays #ANTIFA bail  is in your backyard, and the guy who owns the company contributed to state legislation.
You know quite well that Obama usurped the Constitution. Just like #DAPA it would have collapsed in court. Enough of you lawless leftists
@timkaine , tell everyone about getting #Navient  into #ACA , while pushing #DACA .

Might ask Kate and her family how much they love the "Dreamers"!!!
YOUR 'incredible ' kid is a CRIMINAL THUG. We'll keep one ILLEGAL DACA and deport YOUR son.
Tim Kane man of profanity or is it profundity ! Maker of cents- taker of cents- democrat for govmnt control of you life! I am tired of you
America first, Timmy!!  This is why Virginian's are voting you OUT!  Sorry...not sorry
AMERICA is the TAXPAYERS home  if someone broke into your house & camped out would you put them up & feed them 
Just what I've been saying 4 long time. Give away our kids futures &fund illegal kids who'll bring more kin over to be supported by our gov.
It's funny that the GOP led Congress, that didn't want to work with the last President on this, may have to act to avert Trump's disasters
#KillDACA
Kaine Is Anti American & Anti American Law. He Like His Hero Obama wants 2 Fundamentally Transform America. Kaine & His Son (Antifa) = Vomit
Don't you people ever shut up?
Tim Kaine Is For Open Borders. He Wants 2 Reward Families Who Have Broken America's Laws. Kaine's Son Was Arrested With Antifa. Tim Is Wrong
Obama & His Administration Will Go Down As The Biggest Most Anti American Most Criminal Admin In U.S.. History. All Of His Staff R Criminals
Let's Take Care Of American Kids 1st. Illegals Came Here Illegally, Why Can't They Go Back & Make Their Own Country Great.
Perhaps you haven't heard about Jamiel Shaw...
Every job an illegal, oops I mean DREAMer takes is a job that won't go to an American. Why do you care more about foreigners than Americans?
Trump does not have a heart there is a bank book in his chest instead. He is a cruel and heartless dictator.
You perpetually lie.
DACA covers people now old enough to have grandchildren because politicians like yourself hate the rube citizenry.
You can't betray illegal aliens if you didn't make a commitment to them in the first place.
You are the betrayer. They aren't our kids. They are illegal criminals who disrespected our country. Good bye
FLASHBACK: Bill Clinton on Illegal Immigration: 'We are a Nation of Laws' @thedemocrats #DACA #DefendDACA #DREAMers

They've burned, trampled,spit on our beautiful flag!
President Trump's Allegiance is to the United States of America with American citizens
#Traitor #MAGA #MakeOurVoicesHeard
This is why we voted for President Trump! We want to end all of this corruption by you politicians because you forgot who you work for!
So, your just going to say fuck the American children who are suffering? It's a damn shame that you will betray America this way!
They make middle class poorer. Our tax$$pay for this. Tim, start a go fund me for DACA. How much will you contribute????
What about American children dreams & not have to fear auntiifa thugs beating them up ? Do you care American's Tim ?
keep sucking ass to get those much needed voters cuz you got nothing else
Americans have dreams too....
And why would anyone believe a word out of Trumps mouth? The only thing you can believe he says is what he doesn't say.
What of my kids, Mr Kaine?? What of the dreams of my American citizen children? Do their dreams not count
Please tell me why CONGRESS refuses to step up
No they don't #creepykaine If they voted GOP that friggin wall would already be up & Daca would never have been created. So shut up,go away
Immigration souls have been corrected decades ago...this is Congress and house's fault
Why are you normalizing educational financial assistance to non citizens of #US? This is illegal! #DACA #FridayNightLights #MAGA #SaturdayAM
Our own American youth will make us stronger! They need education, training, jobs, social programs, counseling, sports. Americans first!
You can't believe anything Trump says.
Americans have DREAMS too!!
If doesn't @realDonaldTrump doesn't end it he will be betraying American people.
So teens that just broke the law last year and came over illegally still qualify ?
 Where is the incentive to make Mexico great again ?
How about OUR Dreamers OUR Follege kid Dreamers, I NO Ur BIG CEO's want CHEAPER LABOR. see it in cement Union in NY ALL jobs go Non Union
As long as they're NOT COMMITTING CRIMES STUPID! !
Want to know what would REALLY make our country stronger?

Actually following the Constitution and enforcing the law as written
I'm sorry, but I'm pretty sure that you can't betray someone who has no right to be here in the first place.
DACA Not A Law you should know the presidents don't make the law it's the Legislative Branch.
Given by the stroke of a pen taken away by the stroke of a pen seems pretty damn fair to me
Had to share. Dem party.
Betray dreamers? Dude these dreamers don't live in your neighborhood, youre not bffs so stop acting like you care.That's why you're not VP.
He will also alienate millions of Latino voters some of whom voted for him.
Clearly the 600,000 Veterans who have languished for more than 5 yrs for VA benefits are less value than 800,000 dreamers!
RATS are after CONTROL !
Like your son who is a criminal also? What does that say about your character, morals and values as a father? You failed him like u did USA
Guess what? It's illegal. #LAWANDORDER
Obama had no right enacting DACA. 
Trump believes in the rule of law, somethimg your party doesn't.
AMERICAN DREAMERS FIRST!!! 
Wake up and realize they didn't vote for you or Hillary because you don't speak for Americans ... You speak for those who are ILLEGAL
Ha! He has no responsibility for them just as we the tax payers don't !
No they didnt.They received everything our kids should have been getting.
They can go back 2 Mexico & make their  own country great.
How was ACA passed w/no input from Republicans but couldn't pass Dreamers ActThe gig is up they broke the law and lady justice is blind
Point taken Sir, what are you willing to give us REAL AMERICANs retroactively in exchange? the Wall, Obamacare, Tax reform? Do U feel 4 us?
DACA never went through congress, therefore= ILLEGAL= NULL & VOID. But we all know Dems. don't follow laws! #EndDACA  
Illegals should take their kids and go home! Taxpayers are tired of supporting them!
$135 BILLION A YEAR so don't believe some who say they pay taxes!I was in a Hospital listening to an illegal NO ID!Me no pay LAUGHED!smack
Oh yes! I have heard them, too. And how many walls would those billions build?
Anti  it's about Time both parties STop kicking the can down the road" They get Crap done!G.Bush HAD money towards wall!where is it 
True legal American citizens make our country stronger. Why aren't Americans put first? We have laws that you're ignoring. You are a fraud
Odd how you will badmouth Trump and more into not ending a directive. If Congress wanted to do something why not law? Shows more overreach
By Obama and co and rubber stamped by the socialist Democrats who wont help ur own ppl
When is it America to act like 20 and 30 something's get more than those suffering American children
Those of us with jobs are sick of our tax money going to lazy lowlifes who contribute nothing to society regardless of race or nationality.
The rule of law means nothing to you! Mexico & other countries are to blame for not caring for their own citizens. Point the finger at them!
If you statement would have said "our children". You might have a case. Sadly,many US children remain left behind. Were your children?
.... enemies foreign and DOMESTIC ...  We know where you stand.  How about upholding our U.S CONSTITUTION!!!
But he has to end DACA, it was implemented by President Obama and #Trump is so small he has to rip down all Obama did to feed his black soul
What about American citizens?  Dems keep proving, they could give two shits about Americans, and only care about illegals and refugees.
They had no part in coming here. Other than the fact their patents wanted a better life for them. Denying DACA is cruel. Who can't see that?
Kathryn, 2/3 of our property tax here in TX goes to schools. 20% of that supports undocumented minors. We have done our part. End DACA.
No they don't. They are a guest without a pass. Illegal.  Get in line.
NO KAINE! MY Grandfather and TENS OF THOUSANDS SACRFICED to made this country STRONG! Not some mexican who snuck in the middle of the night
Vets come first, then my kids, then you can talk about illegal people who snuck in this country and are treated better than VETS and MY KIDS
You care for their eventual vote. That's all you care about. You sure as hell don't care about AMERICAN kids.
