Tens of millions will have the gun pulled from their heads, you mean.
How can Democrats obstructed when there left out? @SenateGOP never want Dems to have credit so they leave them out @realDonaldTrump
This isnt about who gets credit its about a fair chance at choice. You o ow the cornerstone of rights we have in this country.
GOP tried to stalemate @BarackObama so he couldn't accomplish anything Its all about credit, winning elections They don't know anything else
According to Barack Obama he accomplished alot. Obviously he did not feel stiffled.
Name one thing the GOP helped him with?
Because of the way they stiffled Obama they turned him into one of the most powerful presidents ever.
Please explain that it doesn't make sense to me.
When Republicans would shoot down Obamas agendas, he had to become creative and from that he became very powerful
"tens of millions would cancel insurance"  freedom not to be insured is very American.  No more coercion to buy a product you don't want.
So wrong, fake News! Many will choose to leave as we can't afford the Huge Premiums and high Deductibles effectively leaving us with nothing
You lie! Millions of young people will not be taxed for not wanting to purchase insurance. They have never been insured. Remember Pelosi...
Repeal and get out if the healthcare business .
We're all dying no matter what
Im tirrd of paying it for what because of a fucking musslium dictater GO TRUMP
It's either 22 million or 32 million but who's counting...
And Trump will be in Youngstown... I'll be there with the protestors 
You go man the dimms have made youngstown such a wonderful city I may go and support the prez there will be a lot more good woking folks
remember Trumps campaign promise was to open ALL the STEEL MILLS back up lol how's that going.. he needs a rally for the trumphumpers.
And to make himself feel gd cuz hes.. 
WILL LOSE HOUSE & SENATE IN 2018 4 IGNORING VOTERS. TARGETED MEDICARE, POOR, DISABLED, SENIORS, MIDDLECLASS IN SUPPORT OF BIG$/TRUMP. WTF
What is wrong with the GOP? Justice is blind not Congress! Are the Dems just going to turn America over to #TrumpRussia? WTH is going on?
Most by choice.
So ipay 800 a year instead of 6000 so how does this help me
I dont have insurance so where are you people getting off saying people arr losing insurance. It is cheaper to pay the penalty
don't let it happen.
Repeal and replace.I thought you were in jail fo terriost threats.
Pelosi said, " we had to pass the bill so we could read what was in it". Dems are thinking we have no memory but oh we do!
Why should I believe your numbers?  ACA was going to save millions and provide healthcare and millions opted out. Guess what my emp bailed.
It's not Senator Kaine's #s, it's the non-partisan Cong Budget Office's #s. Repub Gov & Legis opted out of ACA costing mill more HC insur
Healthcare cannot be in government control or we all are vulnerable as Charlie Gard.
#TheResistance has been fighting back....great patriots. No time to let up...make those calls again tomorrow morning. Stronger together 
Thanks for taking the lead on this. #healthcareforall
New FBI director during your August recess. What a move by Trump! Will you let it happen?
If you can't read it first then you have to vote NO! Only an idiot votes for something when they know nothing about it.
Thought they said voting for debate.
10s of millions can't use what they have thanks to Obamacare, you nitwit! Might as well not have any.
So what? How do they contribute? Oh right, they don't.
Sucking the tit of the taxpayer
How can that be?  It doesn't sound open or honest.  Bait and switch?
Would they or would they not choose to procure insurance they do not need?  Where are your facts? CBO is just an estimate.
Vote for repeal and work with @GOP on replace.
great lets repeal...not like you read the original ACA bill anyway
Sir please stop throwing out unsupported numbers already. Less than 5 days ago it was 23 million now its tens of millions.
Wrong! The vote tomorrow is a yes or no to DISCUSS the bill! Please stop your fear mongering ! Discuss the bill on Senate floor.
Don't let it happen!
They are going to lose insurance anyway cause the providers are closing up shop.
I've called but dont think my voice is heard
Can we impeach a political party?
Vote no on Trumpcare and keep fighting for us
Not true!
Stay strong, Senator. #Pride #HeroesResist
Doesn't droping  prices at hospitals help ?Partial MRI is billed 65% too high and c-sectons also !
And some of us are voting to put you out of a job. We're sick of the lies like this one based on future probabilities and those don't want
How can the @SenateGOP say the Dems are "obstructing" when you don't even know what the bill says? Do they think Americans are that stupid?
REGARDLESS- VOTE NO ON ANYTHING THEY BRING UP!!!!!!
How is that even ethical!l? You have no notice nor time to read the bill and formulate responses?
Trump is really getting desperate to pass #Trumpcare. He can't get his deposit back on the jazz band booked for the Rose Garden celebration.
Ridiculous!
Why are Dems not sharing what they would do to fix the ACA? I think that would help get the public on your side if they understand that.
We can't afford Obamacare now! Those that can, can't afford to use it. #repealTHENreplace #repealDONTreplace but for Godsake #repeal!
We are counting on Senators like you making sure our health care is not taken away.
It's a ploy, Tim, to strong arm moderate Republican senators so @GOP will have the votes they need to pass one of their crappy bills
Stay strong.
Maybe it's the one that removes the tanning tax. Because that's what Americans want.

No more Obama penalty...it's killing some of us who have to pay it. Seizing our tax refunds, ridiculous.
I will be there! Disabled and all!! @timkaine
I'm loosing mine in Delaware.  I can't afford Obamacare
It's shit insurance though, Tim...little to no choices and deductibles are crazy high. That's not "everyday" insurance - it's "catastrophic"
Tim, make sure that this ridiculous bill goes nowhere! Or, we won't let you back into Virginia!!!!
Obamacare has a few good things, but it didn't lower premiums or increase competition. Tort reform also needs to be added.
How do dems counter sad stories Trump told? What will dems do fix ocare? What are dems doing besides saying no? Cmon guys where's the plan?
Keep fighting! We're counting on you to do all you can to defeat #Trumpcare. Americans deserve access to affordable #healthcare! Thank you!
Where the hell does American get off thinking the Government has to insure them. MOVE to  Venezuela and become socialist. See if it works!!
Senator - thanks for tirelessly working on behalf of the ACA.  Proud to be from VA.
"Insurance" is not paying $600 a month with a $13,000 deductible, it is robbery and very irresponsible of you Senator for defending it.
What McConnell is doing is OBSCENE!  Shame!  SHAME!  @GOP
lies Tim, tell the truth and stop lying to the American ppl
Please keep fighting.
Tim..honey
You gotta save us 
You have to reach across that isle &be a voice of reason
We all know #Trumpcare is just a tax cut 4the 1%
15  million who were forced to buy it and will be glad to be rid of useless policies.
GOP R so afraid they think it's better to vote now and call in the clean up crew later.
If we the people have the ability to leave obamacare, then that will be great and millions will do so.
Filibuster that shit, Tim.
Tens of Millions already have because they couldn't afford the higher rates They lost their Insurance & Doctors most lost their F/T Jobs
You vote to support this?
If # is correct I sure hope so. It's less expensive for all of us to have low-income/disabled/young people under Medicaid than no coverage.
Next step social medicine.
Excellent!  Cheaper, more accountable, better outcomes, covers everyone. US 1 of few industrialized democracies without it.
If you have ever traveled to countries where there is government health care you would not want what they have.
I hope the MTP fails.
and I always thought a secret ballot meant HOW you voted was secret--not what the vote was for or against...!
Thank you for thinking of Americans! Please work to #FixACA across party lines. It's about people, not politics. #Save32Mil
I know you will vote no!
#RepealObamacare is the least @GOP can do to prevent U.S. from turning into the country that killed #CharlieGard
Wrong. They would voluntarily leave that horrible plan. http://amp.nationalreview.com/corner/449765/leaked-cbo-numbers-73-gop-coverage-losses-caused-individual-mandate-repeal …
Doesn't really matter.  If you're a D, you will vote no, and if you're a drone R, you will vote yes. Our fate resides with the skeptics.
And that means Virginians are truly screwed thanks to #GOP @GOP wants THIRD WORLD medical care for Virginians
Called your office to thank you for fighting for affordable healthcare for all and against #trumpcare and repeal/replace.
@ChuckGrassley staffer said house version. How do they know and you don't unless they are speculating? Communication on this sucks!!
show us the bill you all need to make the procees work no more secrets comittees r being left out Why?!
In a representative democracy politicians who vote to kill the very people they supposedly represent have zero legitimacy.
What are you now Kaine, a comedian? How did you ever get elected into office?
not if (whatever) doesn't pass
Vote no on repeal
Why are they so awful? Millions of people will lose insurance.  Just for a win in their column and a loss to those in need.
Because without the govt paying for insurance for them, how will they ever do anything for themselves?
Well, when all those Trump supporters find out they'll lose healthcare,too bad. Maybe Trumo will provide chocolate cake to ease their pain.
Do the right thing. Speak against it if you can and definitely vote 'no!'
Just so u kno senator I can't afford health insurance and honestly the premiums are way to much.
Incredibly irresponsible
Animals don't need healthcare, but Americans need a better healthcare system like people in 45 universal healthcare Nations on this planet
I love having my health care decided under these circumstances: back room deals and absolutely no examination of the bottom line
Trusting you're a no!
Trump is so freaking stupid He will not say the Affordable Care Act he calls it Obama Care! I'll take Obama Care Over Trump Death Care!
How are these people, elected to represent us, highjacking our government???!!!
As your constituent, thank you for your continued fight against this immoral bill.
How can there even be such a vote? This is comic strip-type stuff.
About 45 universal healthcare nations on this earth. We are human like those people. Why we don't deserve a better healthcare system? Why us
Thank you for using your influence to protect the most vulnerable Virginians.  We depend on you to support our neighbors! #HealthcareBill

As your constiuent, I hope you will use ALL means at your disposal to stop this. Withhold consent, offer serious amendments, etc.
Just say NO.
Oh noooooo! This is EVIL! They can fix it but won't!!! Shame on RIP Cold hearted GOP! They will pay. God knows how!
They will pay with our votes. Remember people, the GOP care only for the wealthy. No jobs, no tax cuts and no health care.Remember that 2018
And viruses and diseases will be rampant.
Pinauld..
Like I said. All are bad. Vote "no" on any up for vote! Why do they keep asking?Does it matter when people r gonna lose coverage either way
by 2 ><) america for the americans #wolrd peace WE WON,,
Guess the GOP doesn't care about the millions of people that will lose health insurance if they repeal. Selfish and self centered.
Have a source for that? Millions haven't lost. More Americans have health insurance than ever before.
THAT is the question
Hope there are few @GOP members who will vote their conscience just as they were raised. I have faith that not all of them are selfish.
Apparently they forgot what it was like before the ACA when people just went to the hospital for care! big tax burden on states
Do not vote to repeal.  It is dangerous with no good plan to replace.
Hoping you and your colleagues will see through the smoke and mirrors
thank you for trying to save my insurance. I don't know how I will pay for my medications if I lose it. #ACA is my lifesaver and only hope.
Let them go without.
Let who go without?
The @SenateGOP and entire @GOP intoxicated with power. Running the people's business, like Trump is running the country. Embarrassing.
DONT DO IT! REPEAL & REPLACE
Seems no one cares about The People anymore.
Not true.
75% want it. Only rich ppl n Russians don't. Tax cuts for rich n hate from Russians who hate Americans
Thank you for having our backs!
Its time to repeal GOP

I agree but you have to do better and not being the party against , offer better fixes. And start to build up a strong party with leaders
We're counting on you, Senator!  #SaveOurCare
Yet the GOP will fall in line.
How can you vote if you haven't seen the bill?
Godfather's pizza tastes like faeces, Mr. Cain.
Not like you would even look at it anyways clown
