Great idea! Can you start that ball rolling?
Dems need to proactively come up w/plan to improve/fix ACA, promote it & introduce it in Congress.
@xeni you must be talking about some other GOP
@SenSchumer @clairecmc Most Americans see thru GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr lies re #ACA . They want it 2 fail @ expense of ....
The aging boomers are using healthcare & GOP wants them to die & off SS
It could be a wonderful possibility if it weren't for the extreme entitlement & materialism that affects so many after a few yrs.
Well T-Rump says he's open to it. #TrumpNotCare
We really should be pushing for a single payer system like the NHS in the UK.
aca is a nightmare repeal it
@thegarance

Medicare for all. Please make it happen.
@FrangibleRocker repubs wants to get richer and Dems r the opposite. Should hv incl the Dems but didn't. Their lost.
You serious about improving it & compromise? Change age 26 to 24? Don't sign up lose pre-cond? Univ prov ins. for students.... 
@timkaine
thank you for your sanity
u actually mean the same way dems asked reps to help w/corrupt criminal obamacare?sure;you first.volunteer w/@TuckerCarlson
@TNLaurenWard    Tim Kane was a terrible pick by Hill. Showed her right wing bias. A light weight lacking gravitas. In articulate
Absolutely!
So glad to here you say this. My thoughts exactly. Hope the Dems can work on something great!
.@timkaine Medicare for all. You could've saved a lot of characters in your tweet just saying those words.
should but they won't because this isn't about healthcare for them it's about giving money and tax breaks to insurance companies
The GOP politicians get healthcare paid by our tax dollars. They don't care and want the aging boomers to die before 70
Dems also need to loudly call out any changes to regs that affect ACA & let Americans know how it affects them.
Just like the Dems sat down and worked with the Republicans on Obamacare??? 
would you Dems be willing to repeal & remove completely that harmful mandate punishment penalty! that PENALTY is denying ppl jobs
You know what's so galling?  When GOP lies and says #ACA is collapsing or will explode. It's not true. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
yes, that is what true bipartisan work for the good of the people should  be. Will that happen with this current group ? Ugh, no.
Why did your Warrior Kween spend a year railing against hugely popupar Medicare For All if you want to "improve" the ACA?
@xeni GOP should, but won’t. Democrats should draft legislation to do just that and run on it. #medicare4all
@thegarance Actually you should take advantage of the public focus and propose improvement public option or Medicare eligibility
It's a simple fix. Single payer. Boom Done.
Trump/Ryan will NOT improve ACA. They'll obstruct, defund, water down. They said it's collapsing. They'll make it happen.
@lorimarkman They had 8 yrs to sit down & amend ACA but wasted time in court approx 200 times to repeal Obamacare. They don't care
@bjvanden if they cared enough about constituents hc needs, would've offered a better hc bill.
That's crazy talk.
@RealLucasNeff YES!!!
Is your name Shirley? Because I think you must be joking.
as long as the ACA *helps* people, the GOP has no interest in improving it.  They hate people actually getting healthcare.
@KD0314 they should have been doing that the 7 years
I think Dems stand more chance appealing to Trump and offering him a win rather than wasting time with GOP.
Should, yes. Will? Don't hold your breath. They simply want to "erase" Barack Obama. #CallItWhatItIs
ACA was designed to fail.  Single payer was the objective all along.  ACA destroyed the health care mkt for millions in 2009.
If only they would pull their collective heads from their collective butts, things might change for the better for everyone.
gop doesn't care about the average American.
@DinaRoberts 
I agree 1,927,726% Senator Kaine!!
Just curious. Does that number mean something? Or was it random?
Lol....random ;)
@SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP   Or sit down together and develop HC that meets the needs of all.
Need to talk about serving the people instead of getting reelected.
Seriously!    Such arrogance not to ask for help.  But let's be bigger and ask them  to help us fix it. Keep OBAMACARE.
Yes, thank you!
@cksweetpam thank you Senator for some common sense in this craziness.
. Thank you for standing up for the rights of Virginians to receive affordable care.
you know that's not happening. 
Trump is bent on erasing obama's legacy with his own. I cling to hope trump will be humiliated, love so much the thought of it.
Problem is that #DontheCon & troop have already started to dismantle Obamacare & Ins Co's have abandoned it, but better than 0
you didn't sit down with Republicans before passing the aca.  Dems didn't even read the aca before passing it!  #EpicFail
Yes I totally agree. It seems that the goal has been muddied. Best care covering most people for best value. Turned into poop now.
#PaulRyan hates #PresidentObama. It's a legacy-destroyer move always has been. We, the people, are the last thing they care about.
Yes, they should. But will they? I'm afraid I'm not optimistic.
@lindamama02 but they won't because like Trump they can't admit they r wrong, even if it means harming and even killing Americans
Are Dems willing to compromise? Or are you only looking to change things you need fixed & nothing else.
@aholdenj @timkaine @lindamama02
@KarynCharmz Negotiations r beyond them. We see that there is NO ART in the Deal, as Republicans bully & attempt 2 jam it through.
Nice try. Unfortunately, you know who you're dealing with. They don't want to improve ACA. They want to gut it & say they won.
OR embrace single payer.
You can't talk seriously with Stalinists or @TheDemocrats , but I repeat myself.
It appears the Dems won't talk seriously. Just obstruct everything at the American People's expense. OUTRAGEOUS!
@davidRomans We can fix ACA!
hahahaha. Thanks for the morning laugh.
Republicans are Social Darwinists. They don't want the less fortunate to even survive.
you passed a shitburger with the ACa
and please influence ppl to stop calling ACA ObamaCare. Unfortunately folks are obsessed w/attacking it solely becuz of namesake
tweak it& relaunch it as American medical coverage or medical free choice  and im willing 2bet clamor will cease.
yes!
and that's the first thing you've said that makes sense.  Sit down and discuss
GOP has been nothing but obstructionist& non cooperative. What gives u hope they will be willing to talk?Time for a new strategy.
you're a fraud- dems are only interested in expansion of government and couldn't care less about US Citizens.
Publish the Democrat's plan.

Bwaahaahaa.  You don't have a plan. Get real.
this is a good time to push single payer, make clear difference from GOP. push preventative care, or at least expand medicaid.
why did Dems shove ACA down America's throats knowing about all of the improvements needed? That's the bigger question
@uglywebsites 
Hope you're still available as VP. Stay put!
No to #Trumpcare
but, they won't
Yes it would be a good time for both parties to end needless partisanship and actually do something for their constituents
@michstepstone I love your optimism. Sorry I no longer have any
@smsg1234 agree should be voted no till everyone sits down
@JohnCornyn You said you wanted Dems to help improve the ACA?  Here ya go!!
Get over not being VP and confirm Gorsuch.
. @timkaine yes!
@ealight461 You are so right, and I cannot even picture that happening. So tonight I am going to consciously try to visualize that
@smsg1234 Logical and the right thing to do if @GOP weren't setting Dems up 4 failure. Won't fund it. They're kill Medicare...
ACA works if insurers return to markets...just implement minimum ratios of ACA enrollees to Medicare Replacement benes by market.
@myPOTUSPBO4ever This would work if they weren't beholden to the people that got them into office. Special interest. Their bosses.
@Weltenbrandt sadly GOP only wants to repeal & not improve ACA because it's associated with Obama whom GOP irrationally hate.
once again you have clarified why you lost. "Sit down & talk seriously with dems" that's a joke.
For an out, all GOP has to say is, "Obama screwed up RomneyCare, we'll fix it!". Healthcare by any other name would be as sweet!
@now7grandkids yeah that won't happen
Except @GOP couldn't care less about harming people or working together. Bottom line for them is dollars & tax cuts for wealthy.
Love you Tim...but this is the @gop we're talking about. They have sold this country to Putin for their evil agenda.
Good going!  It's time to get to work. The investigations will continue and will be completed in time. (I can't wait!)
one of the main things I have been saying! #RepairNotReplace
How about it @DrPhilRoe ?  Prove you give a darn about me as your constituent!
Big Daddy DRUMPF Won't Allow That Cuz Limelight Would Be Off Him. Let Him Fiddle In MUCHO-LARGEO & Leave US Alone. Better That Way
agreed!
Amen, Senator
Well said.  Thank you for fighting for America.  Thank you for all you do to fight the Trump agenda.
Senator Kaine that makes so much sense!  Hoe democracy should be.  But it's not reality with our presidents agenda. 
Millions of lives are at stake, we need to be smart and get creative, we have to go against this bill, period.
Think about the men, women, children, the elderly and the poor, if the GOP crosses the line then this bill will haunt the GOP.
But that sounds like work. It's much easier to go play golf and blame Obama
I agree Senator, the GOP must abandon ship and not support the bill as it harm's millions of Americans.
thank God in Heaven u and Hitlary didn't win. Legalized mafia. Many more woke up than u thought was possible. GO TRUMP  from WI
@talesofaSAHM Rational people totally agree with u but unfortunately Trump and Ryan hatred 4 Obama has clouded their sensibility
funny to read all the hate from democrats when they preach love, tolerance. HYPOCRITES all of u. Go TRUMP. Ps Kaine ur a POS
"Should" being the operative...er...inoperative word. They are no longer capable of meeting their obligations or being serious.
Government is not the problem, the GOP is the problem. Stop them.
Why didn't you improve it over the last 4 years
@RobWittman  Rob Wittman....join Tim Kaine in a discussion to improve the ACA. #Bipartisanship.
Way too logical.
ACA took 80 days to work out with GOP. GOPcare taken 20 HOURS in closed room to work out as a failure. GOP vacuum is poor at best
This is how it should be, how it should always be.
GOP should take this opportunity to dump the traitorous lying psychopath in the White House, apologize to country, and start
realizing that "party over country" is no way to run a country - but they won't because they are craven cowards. @RepMGriffith
Harm millions.  What a lie.  Stop forcing millions to take insurance they do not want.  BIG difference.
move to a single payer system. Healthcare for ALL! Please.
Why did we lose Florida?  Why?
Whole damn thing was hacked, votes deleted/changed or why would R's do this?  http://www.thenation.com/article/house-republicans-just-voted-to-eliminate-the-only-federal-agency-that-makes-sure-voting-machines-cant-be-hacked/ … @timkaine @GOP is corrupt !
Yes!
your team all ready screwed the tax payers.
1 million percent agree   We have got to come together to do what is right 4 all. Single payer baby!!!!
That's what they would do IF THEY ACTUALLY CARED ABOUT ORDINARY PEOPLE.
great call. Would be great to see #Democrats take the lead and offer new changes to #ACA
I'm sorry but pot isn't yet legal in Virginia so what have you been smoking?
@derciam they can't. Their corporate puppets won't allow them to.
*puppet masters
Thanks for being the voice of reason in this debacle.
repeal is where any discussion starts
@ErinSnider10 you would think , but they need to eliminate all traces of @BarackObama #Racists #WeStandTogether #Resistance
@DebiMossScheler Agree Tim,   just needs a good review and analysis , always room for improvement.
That makes too much sense to ever happen!
yes please work together to find a solution good for people not for politics
As a good faith gesture, @GOP should be required to fully find #ACA's risk corridor BEFORE any talks start!! #SaveACA #Resist
A serious meeting might be the shortest ever. 

"Public option?"

"Yes, public option."

#publicoption
@ntmyprez Your optimism is sweet. But they are evil corporatists who care nothing about people, only power.
Makes the most sense .
Though it seems undoable the way things are now. Very sad indeed, Shameful people's lives R at stake 
#SaveTheACA
but also #ImproveTheShitOutOfTheACA
Dem's have offered over & over, but the Republicans are dead against it. Now fighting tooth & nail to #SaveTheACA
2013-2015 Dems ruled the senate and had 201 in the house. Very close to 218 needed. Why not do it then?
that's one of the first sensible things I've read all day
Agreed!

The biggest improvement to the ACA would be the complete repeal and obliteration of it. Then, sit down and talk.
You had 8 years to improve obamacare.
Long as Private Money is allowed to influence lawmaking efforts, GOP will have NO interest in any improvements for nonDonors. TY
Yes! Thank you.
great idea, but that assumes that the GOP are rational beings and care about people, which we know is not true.
That would require an iota of patriotism and/or maturity. Good luck with that.
totally agree
Lets make that happen. House Gop needs to know women vote too. We r not property to b bargained with for tax cuts to rich men!
we both know that won't happen. Sad.
Agreed!
Unfortunately they just aren't that smart.
@tkdmike trump won't do that sit down and act like adults kind of thing.  He only wants to win.  He is the president & we are not.
Freedom Caucus says maternity, mental health & ER visits have to go. It's like 80's again: Trickling down on Middle Class & poor.
That would involve compromise and actual bipartisanship.  Republicans don't do that anymore.
why didn't Dems try to fix it over the last 7 years. 
Because Republicans controlled the House for 6 of those years.
still no action to even suggest a tweek. Means the Dems love the status quo.
No Kidding since Dems were the 1s 2 initiate ACA. They've had 7 yrs. That's wht hppns when U give 2 the rich despite poor dsnt 
Medicare for all including congress
I am for that
You're right. This would be so much more fiscally responsible. GOP unwilling to work for America.
YES! No major program is gonna be perfect right out of the gate! REPAIR the ACA!
And if they don't on either front, then the Dem PR machine should go full throttle, 24/7.
Yes!!  They need to stop the temper tantrums and put constituents first!!
#ProtectOurCare
@rooster613  Just make Medicare for all and stop this nonsense.
Just how do u plan to fund that catastrophe seeing most of the money was taken from Freddie Mac & Fannie Mae. Us taxpayers R broke
SENATOR KAINE ,YOU SEEM LIKE A REAL GOOD PERSON WHO CARES ABOUT THE PEOPLE ! I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK YOU ! PEOPLE R  REALY SCARD
They should but won't. #Trumpcare
.@timkaine right on. I wish you were VP but am glad you're still a Senator!
they've had that opportunity for eight years now and still haven't done it so…
sing it bro
We need Common Sense to fix what is not working with the ACA,  not destroy it . The penalties are a problem for many too.
But they won't, because they hate that a black president was instrumental in its creation.
definitely hated OBAMA. Especially after I voted 4 him 1st time. Now what is ur explanation??
Because you are deplorable?
Weak.
kinda like ur thought process and mind. I love pissing in democrats cereal. Lol.
Do you believe he will sit down like a grown man and discuss the ACA? NO! Because that was never his intention to better the ACA !
compromise is a 4 letter word to @SpeakerRyan  & GOP. Don't understand that our form of gov't demands it. Nothing will get done
@SonyaBaker2 Although me and every Liberal will agree, we know this will not happen due to Maj House and Sen. Delay is good though
you're being logical, something @GOP lacks
sounds rational to me but GOP isn't
Urge you to take the lead on this!!
they have painted themselves in a corner with all the Obamacare propaganda they have spun over the years, reality has come calling
The GOP is the party of NO. 7 yrs to come up with their own plan and Ryan/Trumpcare was it? Happy you have faith. I  support you.
#singlepayor
GOP should read federalist 39,40,&41 as primer on what our gov is their responsibilities and the purpose of constitution
bring Doctors and Nurses to the table!  We are health care and know how things work in the trenches.
Sorry. This is about destroying all that's identified with Obama, and Dems don't want to kill the poor and the sick. Repubs do.
what every1 has been thinking all along; but think @GOP more interested in obliterating Obama from history no matter who get hurt
Do pigs fly?
Is the GOP anti-ACA fever covered as a pre-existing condition?
But they never will.
I like that idea! But I haven't heard anything from dems what they would change? Please share!
I agree, Tim, but anything with Obamas name on it will be opposed by the Republicans.
Like you sit down with Republicans?
haha sit down, be real fool, like Obummer say down before he shoved down our throats?
