and you're still awe struck that one object can move between two and cast a shaddowthis kind of amazement normaly reserved for children 
I wish you were watching it from the WH with Hil!
no chance that God
thank God

You're younger than I thought...
Hmm, sorry, that didn't come out right...
That was the day before my 2nd birthday! 
Can not remember if i watched the last one or not. In my 20s then too. Saw it this time and i will remember this one this time.
It was so cool. Want to see a total one next time.
Next one 2024
As will your career in the senate. Almost done.
No one cares
Happy Birthday!
Please speak out to us about last night - we cannot deny what happened??!!
!!!
Please get someone to clearly state what victory in Afghanistan looks like.  I get the no timeline thing but ...
I was 8 yrs old I watched it in UK late 40s  early 50s  teacher gave us all small pcs smoked glass,too young to appreciate it.
Will be in our 60s then Tim
Another lie? Already running for #POTUS and he's another loser.
hmm the last one was 1918.  Can't trust a dem
You flown the CoO CoO nest along time ago. Bye bye birdie no GIF of my middle finger..
Feb.26 is my bday too!
1979 I was 2 1/2yrs old,....I know I don't remember! #SolarEclipse2017
The next one will be on my son's birthday. April 8th. 
Rally in Springfield, Ohio.
My son Robert & daughter Jordan
you were a loser Feb 26, 1979 just like you are today
Today reminded me of @HillaryClinton &your campaign. Was really bright for long time,then dark,then bright again. OK,just first 2 parts did!
3 days after my 19th birthday!
I was trying to remember how long it's been. Thanks!
1918
Awesome. Impeach Trump.
What an astronomically significant day for Trump supporters... they get to see a solar eclipse during the day and Uranus at 9:00! 
me too!! 2/26!
Fairfax VA
Me too. But it wasn't my birthday Tim..lol
I hope you enjoyed it!
help Dominoin Energy figure out how to pay me since they ruined my bodiy with a 3 week outage  abilities to do much are  physically gone.
Sweet b-day present!
My sign likes your sign  please help with the New Laws we need on Outages in college neighborhood areas 5 miles not just campus/whilash pay.
So that's what happened? You looked straight at it???
It was awesome in Omaha
Can your son see it from his cell?
Big whoop!
I'm watching the solar eclipse the for the first time at the age of 64 1/2 I'm doing it on TV in Phoenix Arizona
don't forget to stare directly at the sun for the "Full Eclipse Experience"
What time does it start
I was a Sr. in high school.
Yep,it sure beats doing health care or tax reform. Enjoy the day.
Okay, since we share the same birthday, now I like you even more!
'When you're having fun"
That's awesome!
And I want U to know 
NO.MATTER WHAT TRUMP DOES 
I WAKE UP EVERYDAY HAPPY 
U AREN'T THE V.P. 

WANTED U TO KNOW THAT
ha, I was 23, don't remember much #SolarEclipse2017  waiting for the person that said she had glasses 
@SenateDems and you're still a disaster
Thanks for that info! I've been looking for that exact date! I was n Chas, SC, Id remember seein it
You're a little older than me. I was cutting class that day, senior year. Now I'm in my senior years (qualified via AARP).
We have the same birthday...
Do you think @POTUS and GOP are denying the eclipse?
You sure that was an eclipse on your 21st birthday?
In 1979 I was in boot camp.  I actually got to see this one
I've never seen one....i was born Nov. 1979

I'm sitting in my driveway, about 20 miles south of st. Louis, mo.... this is so cool.
Lots of little eclipses on the ground right after totality...
Where are you watching it?
the sun reflecting on the ground.
I watched in 1970 in Alexandria. Dad was a photographer & took amazing serial photos. Great event for us kids then.
I remember that one!!
Where are you?? In Kentucky they will be able to see what just happened in Madras Oregon!
i was working for Wang on M st. in Georgetown DC then!
That's my Birthday too!

U share your birthday with oldest son ;)
watching my 2nd as well and today is my birthday
Junior year at Hopewell HS for me - the first day of baseball practice!
I watched ellipse last year November. Still lights out... #SolarEclipse2017

Wishing all women a happy #SolarEclispe2017 and an end to patriarchy for this planet.

Artwork: @heymysticmamma 
Today's is the day after my 38th birthday!
Make a pinhole camera. Super easy.
Me too! And today is my birthday!!! What a present!
Oh you telling on yourself Boomer 🖒
when wil it come?
It will happen for good Senator! That's not "FAKE NEWS" same thing, "Climate change" is REAL!
Senior year in high school!!! Crazy!
It musta made you go blind ...to the truth
I knew I saw one while in elementary school
That's the year I graduated from high school. Time flies indeed!
i was exactly 9 months old on that day. so this one is my first! #SolarEclipse2017

Hillary still lost, loser.
You seem like you voted for a lost, so that makes you loser too! Haha. Fact.
8 Years.
