Breaking News: Trump said that the U.S. will not "allow or accept" any transgender person to serve in the military http://nyti.ms/2uBFhaK 
Also – did the President really consult military leaders on this? Four Star General told SASC a week ago they wanted time to review this
Once again our Judicial system got it wrong....... As a Vet, I have no desire in serving next to gay or transgender.......
Please bury this man 12 feet under...in Russia. Don't tell me @realDonaldTrump is not the ANTICHRIST with @GOP  @Tea4Freedom his demons.
Not to mention wishing anyone dead is not too Christ-like either!
Oh,theGOP decided to murder 33M+ via the lack ofHealthcare over kegs.I'm in self preservation,survival mode for the 98%. I'm not meek/docil.
Blessings.
Ditto.
They're not qualified. It's a psychological disorder which disqualifies them. 
@POTUS44 did what our society required. @POTUS  45 has no interest in our society. I remember Bush's FlipFlop accusations.Well, Trump FFx100
More money is spent on Viagra than treatment for transgenders in the military, Spread the word Tim,
Maybe if leftists didn't force taxpayers to pay for voluntary gender reassignment surgery we wouldn't be having this debate.
But shouldn't mental illness bar someone from serving?
being transgender does not make a person mentally ill.
Gender dysphoria is considered a mental illness in the DSM.
So was homosexuality not too long ago. You can't support LGBT and support this ban. Same reasoning used for don't ask don't tell in past
Senator...I respectfully disagree.  I believe this is an unfair burden on taxpayers like myself and my family.  From Chesterfield...
That's right. Their performance curves are the same as everyone else
@nytimes at taxpayers expense ! Every time dems open their moth they look stupid ! No integrity at all !
I believe Transgender surgery should be elective. They can serve but pay for their own augmentation.
Idiot
Trump only cares about diverting and distracting from his Russia mess
All 25 lawyers won't find shit.  I hope they bring to light all of Hillaries indescretions
Your opinion is noted but no one cares
Another reason not to vote Democrat
With DT America is walking backwards in time to the darkest era in this Country- racism bigotry no values and respect SAD
Darkest Era?   WHAT???
uh,.. just like you served huh Timmy?? I read your biography, you were always "qualified to serve", why didn't you? Oh, you became a lawyer.
Thank you for speaking up!
I agree with you,our dumb President is ruining our country. He has nothing to do but talk nonsense.
Way to take a stand, Tim. 
trump will now ban those with much more courage than he and his children have.
Senator, well tweeted. I agree with YOU!
Can't use Military as an experiment w Men & TG sleeping & showering together. Same w females & TG. Social Problems. Think a bit!
Not only is it personally wrong for them to be kicked out but just think of all the training they had to get where they are. Shameful!
I agree with Tim.
Being very bias prejudice judging Transgender US Service members #45 using bone spur excuses getting 5 Deferments bans them HOW cowardly
AS A VETERAN,I TOTALLY AGREE
Thank you for your support, Senator Kaine.
This is complete discrimination. And it is wrong wrong to ban them.
I'm not surprised
A transgender health program (THP) is a bit more extensive than diabetes. http://www.lgbthealtheducation.org/wp-content/uploads/COM-2245-The-Medical-Care-of-Transgender-Persons.pdf …
Only military personnel should b allowed 2 vote on a ban
But all paying citizens (HouseReps) should choose what to purchase or not
Is an executive order enough? Especially when the order was announced via Twitter?
This!
WHY WAS THIS DECISION MADE? WHATS THE GAIN? IS THERE ANYONE WITH A BRAIN OR BALLS TO STEP UP? WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH THIS JERK????
Thanks, Tim! We're with ya
Thank you for standing up for all people. I appreciate all you do.
Thank you, @timkaine ! #ProtectTransTroops
It will be like going in for assistance with college they will join just to get the free operations
You just sent me an email asking to sign up and support and I did. But, when are we going to impeach the traitor in the White House?
The problem is Tim we the taxpayers can't afford to pay for all those surgeries. Don't you dimms understand how broke we are?
Military spends $84 million on Viagra #banviagra
Where did your info come from? Stats? Or opinion?
U never served and neither did your pos son so u have no right to speak for ones who have served like me. It is a distraction to the mission
If you can't see the potential security problems with fluid transgender in the military, you need to resign
On top of everything, my understanding is Trump takes honorable, good jobs away from ~250 Americans with this because they are trans?
Is that correct?
At least he isn't doing Snapchat, what kind of filter would you use to announce something so unconstitutional?!
What happened to our American Government, where the "President" can TWEET a ban on a whole group of people from serving, and it's law?!
Tim he is talking about the taxpayer cost to the military for gender reassignment surgery. Why should the taxpayer foot the bill for that
I am very grateful for ANYONE brave enough to defend my freedom.
We don't have a mandatory draft! It's bad enough people who volunteered have to serve up to (5) deployments! You should be grateful for them
But isn't a transgender soldier offensive to certain religions that throw them off rooftops?  I thought we didn't want to offend?
What do you have to say to this vet?
I served in Iraq in 2006. For the first five months I was on a 12 man firebase out in the middle of nowhere in the desert.
Apparently trans are no longer considered qualified. As a cost savings alone, a good call.
As always you're the voice of reason! Thank you!
I agree, but I wish the response wasn't quite so milk-toast.
The only reason he wants to overturn it is because Obama implemented it.
I so agree!
Hi Tim!
Remember when you lost?
Your Pal
Deplorable
I'm tired, I'm tired of people being ugly to each other.
it's the MILITARY not a self help facility.
That's kind of what we're debating. Isn't it?
So, why don't we send him to serve instead?
Do we agree with any of this lunatic's decisions?
Being laughed at by an enemy consisting of atrocity-killing madmen, is not much of a military strategy.
great way to show weakness to ISIS throat slitters, is to obsess about this politically correct insanity.
@nytimes God how I wish you were Veep. 
Good for you. Virginians wish he wasn't our Senator. Please, take him.
There's more to service than simply doing pushups, ya know..
Um, actually that's a pretty big part of it.
Barron in a dress in 6 years...
I think the problem is the cost because it was deemed the militaries responsibility for gender reassignment medical. Otherwise, no prob
It just seems crazy to me that we let a draft Dodger decide who goes into the military
Maybe if you can't figure out which bathroom is for you, you aren't qualified?
Tim, I agree with you that qualified to serve means acceptance.However, think funding for sex change surgery under VA needs more discussion.
Thank you! Bigotry has no place in our military especially from the "Commander in Chief." Unbelievable!
Really. Thought we had already gotten over these gender issues. This old man, our POTUS, obviously hit his head on the end of the bed....
Apparently "Our" Generals were caught off guard by this news...feeling so secure right now
Then DO something about this! This country is at critical mass! Congress sits by idly and let's Trump push us towards rebellion.
I'm a veteran and I am totally disgusted by this 'decision'.
what happens to those serving now?  Just kick them out?  This is pure discrimination. If they do their jobs, let them. Trump never served.
This brings up to my mind the picture of Trump riding a horse with Putin bare chested.
It's because you're a decent human being sadly the president and VP aren't. #itshouldhavebeenyouandhillary
Doesn't the Constitution need to be amended for that to be legal?
Probably. At the very least a series of repeals need to be done for that to be possible.
I think what Trump is saying the condition of being transgender is disqualifying. I'm guessing there will be a fight.
applying to US military is applying to participate in useless wars and crimes for the zionist jews, no us army = more world peace
Agreed. And more needs to be done to stop sexual harassment of ALL servicepersons.  Thank you.
And I disagree with you Senator Kaine. Transgenderism is a debilitating  mental disease and has no place in the US military.
Amen.
Agree with you, but this issue being used to distract from Healthcare and Russia.
Ohhhh. You disagree. It's that sort of passionate stand taking that made you so effective on the campaign trail.
Involuntary separation must be based on incapacitating medical problems or repeated bad behavior. Anything else is a witch hunt.
Gender identity disorder IS cause for involuntary separation.
Oh look, she "disordered" herself through airborne, air assault schools, OCS, etc., etc., etc -
And now "she" gets the boot...
#sadpanda
This appears to be yet another policy that is purely malicious and discriminatory.@ACLU will challenge this, and win (again).
Thank you Senator. My husband, an Army SGT. who died bc of his service in Iraq would agree with you.  He was empathic & smart as well 
This goes deeper. It tells his supporters if transgenders don't serve they don't belong. We know where that will lead....more hate crimes.
I wholeheartedly disagree with this homophobic decision. My grandkids- all 9 - will NEVER join the military now. I will make sure of it.
Awesome! Less babies.
This is not about disagreement - this is simply a disgrace sir. And ALL with a microphone should condemn it.
Reality: the military isn't a social experiment. The libs like Kaine & Obama forced their policies on the military.
Far as I know you don't pull a trigger with your genitalia
@nytimes Just watched Splash & Bubbles - PBS.
Logged in here & KaBOOM
Don's showing his ASSHOLE Self AGAIN
Who is Gonna End This?
PLEASEHIM
Most feel we lost any control of this President he does what he wants The House & Senate is weak in controlling him. Where is their power?
Did you ever serve in the military Senator?
No.
This thread:
Melle Mini Rant: Obama was a complete ASS to the military. Men and Women who served years were getting pinkslips while deployed 1/
AGREE!!!!!!
Yes but can u see how we the people do not want to pay for nonsense like having ur dick cut off or breast added ? Do that on ur own dime
Mental illness is a disqualifying factor. Easy.
Thank you, Senator
You "disagree"??????  You should be completely "outraged"!!!!!
Please help remove the bigots from the White House
TY @timkaine ! No ONE should judge...
Especially one who RAN from serving his country... #WakeUpAmerica #YouScrewedUp
Agreed!
The military MUST remain focus on our enemies and their lives.  Not against transgenders, but if we are honest they would be a detraction.
Thank you.
Most likely Trump executing: "what can I post today that will cause a storm of deflection to all my other problems?"
What are YOU going to do about it!?
#TrumpLies
If you ate trans you shoulsnt pass the psych eval
Fascism is running unencumbered these days
I think he meant "cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs n disruption that repealing AFCA would entail"
So, so happy you are my Senator!!! Thank you for all you do.
Thank you! I was just getting ready to call your office. You beat me to it! LGBT Virginian here tired of being kicked by GOP for distraction
True sign of a bully.  He's targeting Trans community cause he knows they're few and vulnerable. Monster.
Read the Bible, Timmy. Try it. Maybe you'll get it. But I doubt it.
Which is, broadly, the same rationale used by conservatives against affirmative action.
And yet we allow a DRAFT DODGER to be President! #DumpTrump
Clinton hasn't been president in a long time now. He burned his draft notice, the American flag, and moved to Canada.
Disagree? Just disagree?
I know!  Where is all the outrage on the Senate floor?  Where is the leadership????
Please fight hard for your trans constituents and allies. Thank you Senator.
Senate Armed Svcs Committee needs to denounce this discriminatory, dictatorial move immediately.
Wow. Thank you for your candidness in disagreeing with this decision.
What if you are qualified, called upon, but have pretend bone spurs?
Or, what if you receive a draft notice, and you burn it,the American flag, and move to Canada. Then, years later run for president#Bill
How is that topical to this discussion?
Thank you senator tim!
How about saying discrimination is unacceptable in any form and that you'll take action to stop this ?
what is it gonna take to get him the fuck out of town???????
I'd sooner believe that it's another Trump curve ball to distract from the assault on the ACA.
And team Muller and NY AG
Qualification requirements have been updated :-)
You answered your own concerns. Transgenders are not qualified to serve and should be banned from the military.
You know what else has tremendous costs? 1 trip 2 Mar-a-Lago costs taxpayers approx. $3.6 million x 40 days of golf = $144M.
This didn't age well!
This administration has to go.  Hurting our country and world.  Dems need public option health insurance on their platform.
I agree!  I was never brave enough and I salute ANYONE who is, regardless of gender, gender identity or sexuality!
Thank you, Veep!
Sure seems like some other story is going to break today and he did this as a diversion.
