I'm disappointed GOP leaders have decided to freeze bipartisan health care efforts & are trying to jam through a partisan Trumpcare bill -PM
Garbage.  How good would Obamacare be if Congress had to use it? How fast would Tim Kaine be moving to end Obamacare?
can you lose something you never paid for?
@PattyMurray why ? Because it does not include illegal criminals ?
You don't speak for all of VA. You claim to have researched healthcare but this can't possibly be true.
As a citizen of VA, I am extremely disappointed in you. Millions don't have health care or insurance now bcs of the cost of OCare.
Can Dems refuse to vote on budget bill unless they are included in health discussions? We need you all to fight like never before!!!!

Ignore protocol, please, and prevent this from going forward. This is too impt. to allow to happen. It is an attack on we the people.
They need a win. They don't care who suffers for their ideas.
Millions don't want Obamacare if not forced to buy. They opt out. Not lose care.
Senator Kaine, I  just heard what Senator Rand Paul said about keeping ACA but by Excutitive Order reinterpret 1974 law buy allowing
Professional groups to buy across state lines. I don't know what all is entailed.
I am looking for you thoughts. Sorry about all the phones
Stop this bill! It will hurt so many of us!
I am getting so fed up with this medical issue: I am retired Navy, and yet I have to pay so much for dental care. Who's taking care of us?
Millions already lost healthcare under failed Obamacare
The #ACA is a lie supported by liars. Even worse, the lies that attack an alternative are hate. I for one do not want your hate filled lies.
Why are you surprised? Obama did the same thing. I am sick of people pretending the current healthcare plan is so great. Both suck. Modify!
U and Biden run on 2020 ticket together
Republicans want ALL the money, they care less about YOU!
Senator Collins to the rescue.
Once again, @senatorcollins showing courage when we need it most -- and @senalexander doing the exact opposite. http://www.pressherald.com/?p=1257867 
Can we at least make a requirement that those who vote yes on this have it as the only coverage for themselves and their families?
America is tired of being hostage to trumps 34percent
Indifference to healthcare for millions should have never been left to one group of people to decide on. So wrong!

Millions lost it under obama care
Sound familiar/Obamacare jammed through after hours. Not one GOP vote. Dems refuse to work with GOP leader..voters know the truth.
Millions have/will continue to lose healthcare known as the DEMS/Obamacare.I'm one of them. Thanks for nothing @timkaine, @HouseDemocrats
I have insurance (Aetna) and i refuse to see a doctor for anything.  They don't pay. More "not paying" wont help.  Thats ACA.
Senator, it's not "Trumpcare," it's "Republicare," and we need to be busy making sure they own it in 18.
GOP is nuts!! Insane & nuts!!
These fucking people who are commenting on Obamacare being a mess a are too dumb to realize that the GOP are the ones that made it that way!
trump/Russia must have some really bad stuff on GOP
Single payer. Or I will not vote. Health care is a human right
CITIZENS deserve healthcare ELECTED OFFICIALS have if they have it and enjoy it, WE WANT IT!.
the koch bros are w/h $ from Rs until repeal ACA and tax reform passed.
Abortion supporter Tim, please stop the rhetoric and have some integrity
'Trump'care? I didn't know he wrote it. See? The things one can learn listening to @TheDemocrats @PattyMurray
We have already loss so much do to the Democratic greed. My monthly premium has tripled. Out of pocket has doubled an we are forced to buy.
I didn't have to call you every day when Obama was president! I'll be calling you and Mark Warner again today!!!
Pushed for by LOVE of KOCH BROTHERS MONEY
Everyone can agree health care is not optional for humans, insurance shouldn't be either. It's past time Senator. #Medicare4All now! 
That us a huge LIE.It keeps 99% of failed Ocare&WHY we OPPOSE IT.Ur LDRS said WRKingW/Dems meant Ur WAY or NO WAY.So U shut it dwn!
Timmy, you & rest of Dems haven't been acting in "Good Faith" for a long time. Political Advantage/Expediency has been driving reasons. Lame
The people you say will lose coverage are people that don't want forced insurance premiums or tax penalties.
The problem is Timmy, that Dems seldom if ever negotiate in "Good Faith". Just like with DACA & Immigration, Taxes. UR Always Disingenuous !
Millions of people that didn't have it to start with. Millions paid for by working taxpayers. Millions that caused rates to skyrocket.
Why all the secrecy? why arent there any meetings out in the open about this bill. How do you even look at yourself in the mirror, SHAMEFUL!
https://twitter.com/SenateMajLdr  ;  If the Obamacare repeal bill passes, just remember that the millions of people who've lost healthcare,..."Vote!"
We agree.  We're all dissappointed.  We're now flippin ANGRY too.  Join us won't you?!!!
Where is the Constitution is the authority for the Affordable Care Act?
Great! MAGA!
About ready to say fuck it and quit worrying about it. Hardest hit will be the dumbasses who vote republican against their own best interest
Trivial. GOP. Focus on the real issue.
Hmmm.... I remember Democrats playing partisan politics to get Obamacare passed.  Apparently your memory is flawed Senator.
Kaine & Dems already destroyed healthcare for millions by forcing Obamacare on USA. Stop the damn bs. USA voted to FULLY REPEAL OBAMACARE.
Can @chuckschumer delay vote til clock runs out?  Saw something about this yesterday.
We MUST #VoteOutGOP #VoteBlue2018  GOP are only for $$$! No care for people. We WANT affordable/comprehensive healthcare! #ProtectOurCare
Old Man Mitchell says spare us the Pity party Hil-Kaine
Who are you? Oh yeah, the fool who ran with Hillary. Want a do over?
Republicans are like dogs salivating waiting for the bone of approval that Trump will give them if they repeal ACA! Selfish heartless BAD
No replacement! Back to way it was! Those than CAN afford buy, those that CANT, Medicaid!
Thank you @timkaine and @PattyMurray for standing up to the GOP! We're counting on you. #Virginia #Washington #HealthCareForAll
You wouldn't know good faith if it was tattooed on the back of your hand.

As opposed to how Obamacare was forced down the citizens throats
It has to be frustrating serving w/GOP  legislators who don't value input from others. They are small minded & fit the LEFT side of  curve.
More than the millions that already lost their healthcare? Their insurance? And their doctors?
You mean the millions that are being forced to be apart of obozocare.What about the Americans that were lied to and paid 100s for no insure?
Vote NO Again on #Trumpcare!
As a female this woman is disgusting to support this #GOPigs
What a bunch of crock shit.  Same old liberal bs
Doesn't look like @SenJohnMcCain commitment to regular order lasted too long...
@SenSchumer
@LindseyGrahamSC
Have a seat.
This continued partisanship on the part if Republicans is going to lead to more anger and violence.
Idjit
Right now millions are losing Health Care because Socialist Health Care lines politicians pockets & agents are bailing! You lose!
We the people deserve better! Tired of last minute scrambling BS! Where are the problem solvers we elected and sent to Represent Us? Lame
Destroying AGAIN any hope to reduce costs by ensuring stability. We are being blackmailed & hurt by our own government with each repeal try.
Timmy don't you have to go bail out your son some place nobody wants to listen to you
Millions have already lost healthcare on Obamacare. Don't you have a heart? WE NEED HELP PEOPLE!!!!!!!!
Amazing how they're fighting tooth n nail for 23 mill, 7% of US popwhen millions of us LOST ins BC of Obamacare. Doesn't make sense.
to theRepublicanPartyPoliticians TheAmericanPeopleIncludingTheir SupportersVOTERS, are AcceptableCasualtiesOnly UnWorthyOfAnyConsideration!
They can both go to hell.
What country do we live in does anybody really know anymore? This is America first yanking coverage from millions of Americans?
medicare is not insurance coverage. it should be for 65 or older as it was intended
Yet again, GOP can only win by cheating!  When the hell is this country going to wake up?
GOP Ending Good faith talks and freezing bipartisanship health care? Really. ACA nightmare was YOUR PARTY. Lol
Dems shoved obcare through, without any good faith bipartisan efforts. Repeal obcare.
Having a choice without being fined is not  'losing'

How about you sorry asses pass healthcare that YOU must use as well
@GOP doesn't care about Americans' healthcare; they care about lining their coffers and keeping their jobs.
Must not care too much about their jobs. We will remember in 2018 their betrayal of the people who pay their salaries.
1/ Yes but if the @GOP delivers on this "healthcare" bill (tax cut) that their wealthy donors want, those donors will contribute big $$ ...
2/ to those @GOP campaigns, allowing them to massively outspend any challengers, and then (old, but on point):
bipartisan plan looked like a winner & the Three Egos, Graham,Ryan,McConnell, panicked & came up with a SHAM. Is Graham having a breakdown?
Can't you people ever be nice?  Even during trying times??  It's all the fault of the GOP?  And you are wondering why you lost???
So crazy. Since you all can't wk together Americans will suffer. I hope every one of you will be voted out next election. Clean slate

Karma
@PattyMurray Dreadful Repubs not caring about governors or citizens. Taking healthcare from millions. Elderly, children. Tax cut for top 1%
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr don't care about bipartisan or the American pp they only care about themselves.selfish! #Trumpcare is garbage
Obamacare isn't working. Can't afford it. Cant use it because of huge deductible. A$$hole like you don't care: U have best INS and we pay
This bill is bad. Listen to what Jimmy Kimmel said tonight. #stoptrumpcare
This Tim Kaine guy is the biggest dork I've ever seen.
We are living in a single drawn out time of deep disappointment.
Unlike when ACA was passed.
Tim Stop lying!
Millions have no choices
More Millions will not be able to afford 2018 Obamacare!
The @GOP plan is a good start,make better
Thank you Senator Kaine.
Any many can't afford the crap care ACA.
It all begins and ends with the train wreck known as Obamacare. Let’s pass it so we can see what’s in it. Remember that BS?
It's because the train robbers aka the Ryan/ McConnell gang hijacked it & purposely ran it off the rails.
But you won't lose yourselves
You mean like Obama care when it was rammed through during the night?
Oh yeah and it was passed before we even read it.
Millions were losing their healthcare! It's called Obamacare!
Millions cannot afford healthcare, address the real issue
The real issue is that insurance is driving cost upward. Ocare hoped more insurance would reverse that. Clearly, it didn't and won't.
Not sure I totally agree with that statement.  Insurance is a business. Businesses need to make money to survive.
I don't see GOP being problem.  It appears as if democratic legislators don't want any changes
When will the dems learn, after 8 years of obstruction during obama. They arent going to play nice with you no matter what.
If the DNC is so scared then why did the cheated and rigged the primaries against the people's will? @dncfraudlawsuit Now!
That is what happens when Republicans choose Party over Country. Can't believe they're back at it. Remember them in November (2018)!!!!
2018 is the only way to win this war. We need to start over with people who has integrity and love of country before party. Please vote.
I just don't get why they are doing this. Sick of all this winning yet #GOP ? Thought they were on to tax reform?
They are doing this because Obamacare is failing and the MDs/hospitals are not sure how this will all turn out for them.
It's not failing. They are not paying the subsidies to the insurance companies and creating uncertainty in the market.  Undermining ACA
No, there are scheduled increases in subsidies which they are discussing paring back. Still increasing, but not as much.
In DC a 3% increase is a 3% baseline cut because 6% up was expected
But, this fails to explain why insurers are already withdrawing from markets en masse, costs going nuts for consumers.
#SaveLinda #FixObamacare #Repairnotrepeal stop the #GCHJ #DeathPanelPlan @GOP will have my wife's blood on their hands
You are both bleeding  liers.absolutely no one will lose health care &this plan should require Senators to do the same.stop the drama
And the democrats have never rammed healthcare down the Republicans throat. Wait. Oh yeah. Obamacare. Pass it to read it. Right?
Their leader has spoken, more likely threatened.
That's what happens when you think it more important to be a bigot than accept Obama care.
And the Koch brothers tell you the bank's closed until you get it done.
Yes Koch r bribing GOP 400m in 2018 if they repeal obamacare,  pass crooked trump tax reform.  They r old,  hope they die soon.
Good Faith Talks-Really???
Future Antifa grandpa!

Obama and the dems would never do something like that. #WinkWink
It just shows you that Republicans cannot be trusted.
Every time ppl lie they lose creditability. I'm wondering if Congress is aware of this fact. What do you think Senator? Is congress liars?
We are all going to lose because we are trillions in debt due to you. Return your salary until you have a plan implemented to reduce debt.
It is impossible to understand why American citizens in Congress wish to allow the citizens who elected them to die if they are injured/sick
I'm not convinced you guys can do this, but gridlock is better than trying yet again to pass this turd sandwich of a bill. CC: @MarkWarner
I changed party affiliations from the @GOP last summer. I don't even recognize that party anymore.
Explain this - why would @SenJohnMcCain vote against his best friends @LindseyGrahamSC health care proposal? We don't have 3 NOs
Taking health ins from poor Americans and those with pre-existing conditions is NOT okay?   #Healthcare @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
I guarantee you people with preexisting conditions don't want them. I know living with Lupus for ten plus years hasn't been easy.
@PattyMurray yeah it feels so much like obamacare vote on xmas eve right, smh
You could have been there. You went home.
No this is the easy way out for them when it doesn't work they will tell you the governor's are doing it what cowards they are
You haven't done anything for years. America is fed up with your doing nothing, but repeat the same tired lies.
They need to be out of office!
They will come to you with a deal you'll see
They want that 400 million bribe from Koch Brosnan for 2018 campaign. Willing to sell out Americans health ins for it. Shame @GOP
Shame on both of them!  House Speaker Pelosi, "You got to pass Ocare to know what's in it!" Where were you when the liar said that?  Where?
@JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain #noGrahamCassidy instead #SinglePayerNow
Oh stop the B.S. Senator. Health care is NOT a right and if you guys thought it was such a great plan you wouldn't have opted out of it.
It is a right
It's no where in the bill of rights. Just because you want it to be a right doesn't make it so.
Don't let them get away with pre-meditated murder. They KNOW people will die.
Please resign.
"Didn't you lose?"
When is Tim Kaine's tell-all coming out? What Happened, Tim Kaine?
Russia
THIS IS DISTURBING TO SAY THE LEASE.
What was bipartisan about Obamacare? What value is insurance no one can afford to use because of high deductibles & premiums ?
Many people use it. #ACA has saved many lives and livelihoods. This new bill would add a $17k ded for a pregnancy. Educate yourself w/o Fox
When did the GOP become so hateful and not at all concerned with what the citizens want/need?
What have you done
I hope they all fall on their faces.
GOP Senators seem to care more for Koch $ than they do for American lives. We MUST flip Congress blue in 2018.
Bwaahaahaa. Democrats have no strategy or leadership.
They want that Koch Brothers money..... Campaign Finance Reform MUST be a priority.
Tens of millions. Will congress' healthcare be affected by the Graham bill? Will they be phased out of their plan? It's heartless.
At what point did they have a discussion in “good faith?” You know it better to be seen working than to work without credit. ;)
