Let's pass it to find out what's in it. Ring a bell?
Terrible comparison. The ACA was publicly available for months before the vote. Try harder next time.
WaPo fact-checker: "this statistic obscures a reality: The key work on creating the Senate version of the ACA was done in secret."
Sorry chief, you're just not bright enough to debate on this. Even the @washingtonpost knows liberals are full of s***.
Start calling it a death spiral bill. This thing will destroy the individual markets, and Dems have lost messaging.
Make them own it. Call it TRUMPCARE.
@realDonaldTrump
Trumpcare is fine as the overall package. This "skinny repeal" is a death spiral in a bill.
We don't know what Trumpcare is.
Trumpcare is fine as a NAME. It's an abomination of a bill conceived in a dark alley of Republican twisted fantasies that will kill so many.
Really...."we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it" you democrats are such hypocrites.
I agree. Don't do anything. Let Obamacare fail on its own so it doesn't become GOP fault.
Make it a policy or law that no bill can be voted on without a min of 10 days.....
thank you for think about all the children who have autism who medicad expasion in michigan covers there autism therapies
Funny, you voted for the aca without seeing it and now tens of millions of people are suffering- you're a fraud and hypocrite
You should all be ashamed of your partisan self! If you wanted too, you could work together. Shame on all of you Dems and Rep.
Thank you and your colleagues for voting to save ACA.
Evidently.
And yet the Democrats r obstructionists. I also like the part where Graham, McCain & Johnson say it will b a disaster, but they will vote
McCain is wanting change and won't vote if it's not for the better, as much as I don't belive in Republicans, I belive  McCain will do good
You really going there after "we have to pass it to see what's in it".  Y'all don't have the high road b/c a shit bill was passed
You screwed up healthcare and now you complain?
I'm a little surprised at your surprise. Isn't that business as usual for the GOP?
It's a fricking nightmare!
You did not see Obamacare reports and still voted for it not knowing what was in it
We are experiencing a soft coup of our govt instigated by Vladimir Putin, executed by Donald Trump and abetted by the Republican Party. SOS
It's pladamir vutin
You ppl need to get McConnell outta there. He's a cancer on politics
Unbelievable the GOP blind voting trick for you
" people will die on the ACA"
Senator Kaine, I am wondering how that is legal? Not being sarcastic - why is it not mandatory that all members see full bill 24 hrs b4 vote
It should be a month for everyone to see it. Including the public
Yes. This seems to be their plan to ruin our country. Please put forth as many amendments as possible.
Yes
Didn't McConnell just try to blame Demos for his ridiculous scam?  What a crook.
Looks like Obamacare will completely fail. So are many of the people we all put in office! Their Partisan BS has caused this. Go Vacation!
Looks like it
want-to-be's in the White House. The future will think we went completely insane when they read that history book.
Repeal Obamacare now! Absolutely do not go on vacation without at least doing that. It costs way to much. Im a diabetic and cant go to doc
Commit a crime its 3 strikes your out it a crime of office if your willing to harm so many people w/care bill remember your oath harm none
God help us....things are bad. Stay strong...we need Dems to keep being the anchor for the U.S. in this tempestuous presidency and Congress
4 it if the House guarantees they won't pass it. WTF!  Has every1 of them lost their minds? O yeah, & we still have a bunch of Russian
Come on Timmy.  Your party leadership @NancyPelosi "you have to pass the bill in order to find out what's in it."
Only following the Dems lead.
Hey. Give them a break. They still haven't realized this is never going to work. The GOP is literally "too greedy to govern."
Keep speaking up Sen  Kaine!
Dems have to stop them please!! I need my health care, my life depends on it!!
All this is for coverup and corruption for Trump and the GOP party You would think they had enough of taxpayer money w/o giving more to rich
Yes. They are equal parts stupid and evil.
Voting at midnight. Wtf
Again, @realDonaldTrump will stand in front of world & call D's "obstructionists" 4 no input, no vote, when they never had a chance.
Walk across the aisle tonight and ask them. We are tired of refereeing grade school boys on both sides and now in the WH. Do your job.
On anything?
PLEASE KEEP FIGHTING FOR US!!!! Our daughter, Lauren, with special needs is counting on you!!!!
All we see is chaos and incompetence- daily. Feels like the Twilight Zone.
I hear yr son calling.. Drug induced and Beating up on peeps again
it very much appears to be.
Yes Tim...they don't want you to read it...since they are not capable
Madness!!! Are we still in America?
Unbelievable
Yes, it actually IS how they want to do this.
Senator Kaine, the GOP don't want to conduct "business"! They only want to conduct "criminal activity" with impunity! Wake up!
I just don't understand the cowardice of @LindseyGrahamSC & others who are 2 afraid to just VOTE NO on "skinny bill."
@tedlieu and Andrew And I agree with @SenSanders
I know this mayb a simpl q, how can u vote on somthng u dont kno wht it is u r voting 4? Wld any1 sign a contrct w/o knwg wht it says? Well?
Well maybe the Dems should try and conduct business.  Nothing from you and the party except obstruction. Present something worthwhile
Easy solution: vote no.
@cherokeesher2 Theft occurs more easily in the dark...
Yes, apparently it is
keep up the good fight, use every legal checks and balances to keep the country safe.
It can't be that anybody (much less Senators) are going 2 vote on a bill 1/6 of economy that nobody has read or debated #nightmare
If you really knew, no one in their right mind would vote for it.
You will be blamed for obstructing the bill, which after their conduct for the last eight yrs, will make their statement laughable.
Yes.
yes
Give them hell, Senator STAND by us please
YES! They've been doing this ever since Hillary was First Lady! They don't care and never did!
Short answer: yes
Yes, it is. Foaming at the mouths to take Healthcare from needy to line their own pockets with tax cuts. #GOPKills #TrumpcareKills
Perhaps you need a meeting and bring something along to discuss besides scaramucci's colorful comments to media or Trump's latest madness.
GOP is making a mockery of our government! @SpeakerRyan
Apparently.  It's almost as if they're ashamed of it.
Let them pass it and own it, then maybe we can get single payer, or better yet Congress' policy.
Yes it is. Unfortunately.
Stay strong, stay together Senator Kaine.
Snap you may have to stay a few days during your break. Loser.
Apparently.
you have to PASS IT to know what is in it...didn't your leader Pilosi say that once?  you are still an idiot
Why not that's how they shoved Obomacare on us. Pelosi" We have yo pass it to see what's in it" remember that?

@SenateGOP @FoxNews
Tim Tim Tim, What did Nancy say so
Obama Care Passed? "Vote for it,
THEN READ IT.
Dem's SAY: "Do as I say, Not as I Do"
Scare tactics and lies Senator is why your party is losing elections. Tell the truth
And yet you still say it's going to kick 20m off the rolls and do all these other mean things. How do you know that if you haven't seen it?
You are a joke.
Really? Didn't you hacks do that with Obamacare only in a less transparent manner? You are sooo dishonest. Repent
Yes.
Look to their leader, what do you expect ?
Just like the Dems Timmy, we have to pass the bill so we can see what is in it! Remember Pelosi!
And 1/6 of the economy
Shocking : @SenSchumer says @SenateDems are open to single-payer, yet not a single one voted for it this afternoon.
Funny you should say that, Nancy...........
No on any bill that kills Americans
#Trump #MAGA @realDonaldTrump

Who coined the phrase "you have to vote FOR it before you can read it?" #hypocrite
Unfortunately that seems like a yes.
It took Obama 7 yrs to get the Obama "care" and you expect trump to do it for 7 months?
Obviously
after screaming repeal and replace for 7 years, it now appears the republicans have determined they want nothing to do with it.
Thank you for refusing to vote on something you haven't seen. 
45 wants all items he ran on voted& passed in his 1st year.
Whats the problem? That's how you folks did it in 2010. Pelosi - pass it to find out what is in it.
There are no words 
You fail to understand what you are told,  so would you recognize the bill if you you see it? You will never be President.
It's comin cuz they have to replace a sinking ship
It's too bad you're not our VP however I'm happy for the people of VA that you represent them. And by fighting for them you fight for us.
Sign the check, we will fill the amount later, trust us...
Yes. Yes it is.
That's because there isn't one! They are already talking about tax reform, they know they cannot pass a healthcare bill. Keep leading!
Yes because they are a bunch of #cowards
Like Got to pass it to know what's in it?  You pulled off that trick with ACA!
Do your sworn duty.  Vote no or dont vote
This is how they try to give the 1% a tax break. Health has nothing to do with it.
This has got to be a nightmare or the Twilight Zone was crack.
FY2
cant you all walk out en masse as a protest?
Just. Vote. NO. #JustVoteNO #SaveACA
Then dont vote on it till you read it!!!! Do YOU sign things without reading them first? I dont!seems like a no brainer!!!
I emailed Rubio staff twice for a copy. Silence.

You mean GOP WEALTH CARE bill where 32 million lose care, 42K die per yr, elderly rates100% ALL to give $765B tax cuts to TO WEALTHY ONLY
I guess so.
@SenMikeLee @senorrinhatch I sincerely hope you are not supporting a bill that no one has had a chance to read! VOTE NO!!! 
#noskinnyrepeal
Yes Tim. It really, quite obviously, is.
It is how they would like to conduct ALL legislative business.  Like a business, not a representative democracy.
Vote NO
85% of Americans don't like what we've been allowed to know about this bill. Why the hell isn't this bill dead?
How is this legal? None of you ever thought to make a better process? That is your job. #MakeBetterLaw
Is o care your way of taking care of our health? If it is thanks but no thanks!
Stay strong, Tim!!  Fight the good fight and keep representing the voices of Virginians! #resist #persist
Senator please keep fighting to kill this monstrosity!
Say Nay!!!!
I'm horrified and heartbroken. McCain's words: hollow. Lunch at the White House: Bigly. Backroom deals to GOP Senators: High probability.
Hi Tim, I guess you have to pass the bill to find out what's in it.
Where is our dear, debate- encouraging @SenJohnMcCain? #shameful
Maybe he will tweet it out.
Yes?
Yes. Yes, it is.
it is exactly how democrats conducted the business 7 years ago and you had not one issue with it then, what a hypocrite
Yes, they just want to hurt us. We appreciate you trying to protect us, even though so many "sat out" the election.
Unbelievable
Apparently. 
Yes.  And you seem to think you're winning.
Yes, THIS IS HOW GOP WANTS TO LEGISLATE. If not, McConnell would not have destroyed Senate, FORMERLY the best deliberative body in the World
This IS how McConnell and his punks treat the business of America.
That's what the GOP are doing.....tell them to answer their PHONES!!
What is scary, Senator is that you know this is only the beginning. It won't just be on healthcare; they'll do this on EVERY bill to vote on
Let's approve it and then see what's in it Tim.
Yes it clearly is. Why are you even asking?  Haven't they made it clear?
The political game is played by both D and R in DC. BOTH parties need to stop playing politics and start governing.
Apparently so. @GOP Sad!
The answer is yes.
The darkest of US history!
Working on it!!!  Just a few more minutes pleaseeeeee
Pretty much, they've had 7 years to think of something better.
Why not ? They have no checks and balances. Apparently yhey have sold their ethics.  Win at all costs is their motto.
Suggestion: Medicare for everyone would be for the best!
Can we do a better job of telling the American people how it went down the first time? It took more than a year!
The GIP & Trump really don't care about the average family, pretty obvious with their poor actions!
They're sneaky Peets because they know if they lay their plan out it won't pass first base.
Strip the GOP of their healthcare and do not let them pay for heath care with salary earned as a @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Remind you of Obama? Want to see it, pass it! Remember those days? Probably not! Gov been in Ins only 7 years, not ever. Not new!
Stop giving Freebies to Able-bodies and 'Bam' you got lower premiums!
They're cowards & incompetent. I've never seen such political chaos! And my first time voting was during the Vietnam War!
The GOP knows it will never pass!
Wow!
Thanks for all you are doing! And- keeping us informed.
The Dems didn't show ACA either Senator. Why the double standard you should just read it after it's passed!
I think Seargent At Arms in Senate should arrest the GOP bastards who want to harm and kill US Citizens!
Oh come now my husband slaps in an aortic stent over the lunch hour. Like how complicated can it be? 
Apparently it is!!
Don't you know? You have to pass it to see what's in it.
