Senator Kaine attended so where was Trump ? Shouldn't the president make time to pay respect ? Thank you senator Kaine. 
The least Trump could have done is send Pence. Pence was too busy doing nothing ?
Pence is out of the country. Too dangerous for drump; pushback against him after his horrid comments might have resulted in more protests.
Also he is a racist
Tim Kaine worked doing missionary work so NO he is not a racist. Not sure who your speaking of ?
I believe he was referring to Pence.
Yes that it was p00
Never imagined another civil war.  I believe, liberals hate Pres Trump so much,they would create CW based on lies & destroy this country!
Was your son there in his black face mask
He lost her life because of Trump
So important, that both sides take responsibility for the best & worse of there party. Also important that politicians not cont 2 agitate.
When did Trump visit?
Honorable to go there. Ty
Did your violent protesting, anti-Trump son join you at the memorial Senator?
That's unkind and uncalled for.
RIP, Heather. You died a hero & we will NOT forget that.
My brother attended UVA a couple years ago and I took a photo of him and his dog by that street. Heartbreaking.
As Pres Trump tried 2 say, as heinous as these groups R, there were good people on both sides.  Heather was a good person caught in violence
Was son "Woody" Woodenhead Kaine part of the C/Ville riots? Has he been sent to Rehab?
Are you ashamed? You & Democrats put up Confederate statues & started KKK. You teach your son hate. You should be ashamed.
The clash in Charlottesville was between two parties, 4 radical groups: white supremacy & Nazi on one side, Antifa and Black Bloc the other.
Sen Kaine never misses a photo op.......
Senator, please initiate an effort to honor Heather with memorial to her as an American patriot at the current site of the Lee statue.
I shall never fight in the armed forces with a negro by my side
Sad that another radical Bernie Sanders supporter had to take an innocent life
The murderer was a Bernie Supporter, you're not good at this 
Trump get off social media and focus on undoing all the damage you do to our country every day. You are not good at this.
Thank you for showing the country how a real leader behaves.
Many condolences to Heather who believed in love.
Do not presume all right were supremacist or Nazi's or that all right were Black Bloc & ANTIFA.  Both sides had Heathers caught in center.
During campaign, polls couldn't predict Trump base.  We hid our views from Black Bloc & Antifa.  We feared their violence.
Meanwhile, Donald Trump is unavailable for anything but idiotic comments...
BUT YOU AGREE WITH TRUMPF! WHEN IT WAS THE ALT RIGHT THAT CAUSED THE VIOLENCE! THEY CAME ARMED! WHERE WERE YOU!  THEY HAD GUNS, CLUBS, ETC.
Inspeakably sad.
Tough to take when a politician takes a tragic moment to get a picture!
You show up the current WH 4 what it is from DT down. He's unfit, unqualified & self serving. No surprise he's what he always was DANGEROUS.

thank you for representing us there <3
Look at the man in the mirror and stop calling for war moron
That was more eloquent than anything President Cockwomble has said about it.
Thank you
Charlottesville Police Come Forward: We Were Told to “STAND DOWN” to Ignite Race War (Video)NO EXCUSES FOR THIS DEMS= LIES
Why were their No police on this street? Why were vehicles allowed down this street when many people were walking down the road?
@DeadlyOrange Who the fuck put a GoT quote there? Some things don't need a pop culture reference.
Standing with all those marching for unity in Charlottesville. They carry my voice with them. Loud and clear. Love not hate.
Thanks 4 doin what others should have done n what we know pres obama would have done
She shouldn't have been there.
Thank you @timkaine.
Call for him to resign
Spark congress please sure to remove the hater in chief- #ImpeachTrump
Was your son one of the violent, Antifa protestors there on Saturday?
.@timkaine America's persistent support for fascism & ethno-supremacy in Israel is finally coming home to roost.
We do not grow as people by hate. God bless her in life and death for she was wonderful and special, every life is.
Hypocrite you know damn well this was a pre-arranged clash, by NWO Globalists wanting to bring America to her Knees
You snake in the grass
@DCofStaff 

Has trump been!?? Why??
Tantrum in chief is to busy golfing!

#ImpeachTrump
America's true Vice President.
Thank you Senator. It's nice to see a kind and thoughtful politician in this sea of hatred created by Trump. Bless your heart.
Heather Heyer, a true patriot & as her mom says she's magnified. I'm grieving 4 her lost, our hearts r broken but Heather is an inspiration.
#RIPHeather :(
THIS WHAT VP LOOKS LIKE! THANK U @timkaine WHERE @VP Or @realDonaldTrump ARE NOT PAYING THEIR RESPECT IN PERSON AND VISITING MEMORIAL SITE!?
Heather Heyer
Thank you for your sacrifice
While @realDonaldTrump was hiding in his golden tower! After saying the people that did this were "Nice" #Impeach45 #TrumpMob #25ththe45th
Now is the time we the people need 2 call every congressman and senator who has done nothing & demand action. If you do not stand for this.
Thank you for going.
Thank you.
Please do something #Impeach45
Now open your eyes. It is 1930 Germany, you r letting Bannon, Trump push fascist state w aide of Russ Nazi funding. Action now
Thank you @timkaine 
Real Class!

Thanking all elected officials who've stood up and spoken out.
Very presidential.
Thank you, sir. In Heather's memory, what are you going to DO? We need more from you & your colleagues. DJT is a threat to our Democracy.
Thank you, rightful VP Kaine.
Time to censure! We cannot let this moment pass w/out a clear message that the President's words and behavior are not acceptable in the USA.
Tim, you did a good thing today... one that should have been done by either the VP, The First Lady, or Ivanka.. why were they not there???
ASPIRE TO LOVE GOD, THE REST WILL FALL INTO PLACE!!! trump WILL OBVIOUSLY HATE YOU FOR IT ... BUT TOO BAD!!!!
From what I viewed and the evening candle memorial, it looks like people's hearts were filled right back up!
You can blame your own party with leftist antifa, kkk, resist etc!
It might help if you quit saying resist!!!'n
I really wish you were Vice President.
The GOP is finished! Cowards all
you was robbed
Even Obama said nice words for this young lady that was killed. Where is Trump? Hiding in the bathroom with his hand?
Class and leadership right there. Thank you Senator!
It's good to see that at least one of our officials visited Charlottesville.

Where was ? Well, he wouldn't have been welcome anyway.
@timkaine Attends Heather's memorial Service  ,45 tweets
The white supremacists have created a martyr in Heather Heyer. Hopefully, her unfortunate death will sound a real alarm in our country.
I wish you were our President! We've so been duped
How I wish we could have someone in the WH as compassionate as you sir!
Thanks for being a decent human being.
Blessings Sir.
thank you Mr. Vice President
Keep looking Senator at the horror that continues today which sprung from the Democrats legacy.  Misdirecting this toward POTUS didn't work!
What a vice president he would have made.
So sorry Senator Kaine that you're not our VP. This Country needs You now more than ever. Don't be silent. God Bless !!!
So what's your move now with @potus? #DoSomething
oh please, do you think she was there because she loved people...she loved the group she was associated with---which group?  ANTIFA? BLM?
Thank you Senator, for attending Heather's funeral. #HeatherHeyerMemorial #MakeItCount
Amen
@WhitfordBradley Good for you. Wish you had gone as our vice president.
#SHEro #HeatherHeyerHero
You made me cry. Thank you.
Thanks you! Adults are refreshing right now.
Would have been proud to call you MR VP
Thank-you. The mother needs to hear from representatives of our Government as well as the people.
U really are a good man, ty
What? No president? Almost forgot. She was a bad hombre looking for trouble. 

Shame shame shame on him.
Did you get to say hi to the president? Wait, what? He wasn't there? That seems weird...
Can we get a memorial to Heather installed where the Lee statue currently stands?
Just a pity some are using her death to justify hate and violence. It's wrong, no matter which 'side' is doing it.
Agreed, and people like you and other senators and congressmen who have a heart and a soul are the only ones that can help us. God bless
Jesus commanded us to love one another. Very sad to see the state of hate in this country, starting from the top.
I wish you were our VP now.
C'est une exemple pour Nous.
#RipHeatherHeyer
Rest in peace Heather
, You're a GOOD MAN, senator! I think Hillary chose WELL. Hope you run again. You seem more like JFK every day!

You wouild have made such a great vice president.
Nice, Senator.
I guess shell nvr make the dodgeball team now
It seems there are few politicians these days that serve with honor, courage and morality. Then there is you.  Thank you.
Yes normal people can do that now talk to your fucking boss tell him that don't tell us because we already know
If only you were our VP!

We are in the beginning of Labor pains of a civil war.  been saying this since Jan 2016! read my free short book @ http://www.navajohozho.wordpress.com 
Thank you Senator Kaine for continuing to represent Virginia so honorably.
Good job sir.
Did anyone represent the White House at the memorial service?  #Charlottesville
Thank you for your leadership and sense of morality!
RIP  Never forget Heather Heyer.
I hate that this happened in Charlottesville, an otherwise charming city.
Glad you got rid of the Antifa protesters at the funeral! Oh wait.. no, no. You didn't.. nobody did
Thank you Sen Kaine. Heather's mom was so strong and had a strong message for our country.
A statue of Ms Heyer should replace one of the Confederate statues being taken down.
Thank you for being there
Thank you, Senator.
Protesting in the street is foolish and illegal .
Thank you Sir 
Thank you, sir.
Deepest and sincerest sympathies from NYC.
Good political picture of you Timothy! Both sides are so out of control and you continue to stoke the fire
We must not only speak against evil we must act against it. 

We do not have a leader in the White House, so let's remove his title.
#GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @davereichert @nytimes @LindseyGrahamSC @WSJ
Where is #fakepresident? Absent of course. Hiding in a room on twitter.
Yep!!
Thank you Mister Vice President as you will always be #StillWithHer  
You are always an inspiration.  What a very sad day.
Thank you!  The president should be there also.
Thank you, @timkaine  for showing leadership and compassion. 2 qualities our potus doesn't possess.
I see her tragic death provided you with a photo opportunity.  How much more do you intend to dishonor her death for your political gain?
Sen. Kaine, Let us not forget Ms. Heyer's commitment.  I say another rosary in honor of her sacrifice.
How embarrassing it is in D 22nd Century 2know that we were living &us like #Khamenei, #Assad ,#racists.
Just an FYI. If this shit happened in Chicago, all those morons carrying rifles would have been shot dead. Same 4 that driver. No kidding. 
This!  Humanity; what our children should see...it is what the majority of us stand for. This is the type of person we want/need in office!
Thank you Senator Kaine for all you have done and continue to do to foster good racial relations in the country!
Senator Kaine thank you for being at her memorial service to pay respect to someone who gave her life for our freedom.
Thank you sir.
Good message you must of not provided your son. https://www.google.com/amp/www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/linwood-kaine-tim-kaines-son-among-8-charged-for-allegedly-disrupting-pro-trump-rally/ …
Thank you Senator Kaine for taking place in this service today to share the love you have for all Virginians.
I am praying, crying for Ms Heather Heyer today. We are connected for ever sadly by Hatred.The Klan killed my brother and family in 1964 ;-(
They just don't get much better than Tim Kaine.What a great caring man he is.
Thank you for being the caring leader who attended. Sure wish you were the Vice President!
Only love can conquer hate.
So sad to have lost a good soul. I am glad to see you have the compassion that needs to be shown to this family.
You only took a PHOTO OP!  That's all Timmy!  Go home. Teach your Son how to live a respectful life. You're such a fricken fool!
Thank you, Sen. Kaine
Thank you for bringing the Jesuit social conscious to our lives.
Would have been an awesome VP
thank you for being here today Senator
Thank you for your class and leadership, Senator.
Sen Kaine.  I am in Europe with a number of Americans.  I cannot tell you how embarassed they are to be from the USA because of Trump. SAD
You would of been an amazing VP
You Are A Hero @timkaine!!!
Thank you Senator. Now, you must remove Trump.
