On justice reform, Jeff Sessions is stuck in the '80s http://nyti.ms/2rGR2uL  
I hate to indulge in ad hominem attacks, but every time I see a picture of Sessions it really annoys me.
you won't get bipartisanship out of the GOP until all the Russian money is chased out. It's obvious from our view.
Yes, the 1880s. The Rebel, bigot still believes he's fighting the Redneck aftermath of the Civil War.
Hell you oppose everything.  What's new?
I would to piss him off "R-neck" style! Seems some has been blessed 2 reveal the real evils/darkness n many whites!
Bipartisan?  Bullshit
Agree !
Good! Keep fighting these morons!
Back n day blacks were enprisoned for such gifts whites played the role of angels instead of devils some are!
Kaine 2020
Sessions is morally bankrupt and in the Russian scandal.   How is he in charge of anything?
"bipartisan progress" Timmy?? like Black Live Matter, an ANARCHIST group! "O" undid everything Dr. King accomplished you putz!!
No progress was made under Obama.
50s
The Master of Perjury is still our AG.
Agreed, Sen Kaine. Does AG Sessions own stock in private prisons or have associates who do? Crime is down, why does he see it everywhere?
Please get these evil people out.
@jeffsessions is immoral, barely human.  Looking forward to his incarceration.
Can't we send her m to space ..
Kaine there was NEVER any bipartisan cooperation in the Senate during Obama.   You know that as well as I.   Harry Reid trashed it all.
This is obviously a black & white racial move on sessions part-  at his face he wears discrimination only oppress c!
if you were to be vice president more crime would actually be here so… go home snowflake
There was nothing bipartisan under Obama, if you stop lying people will believe you.
He's a twit.
do u mean 1880's?
80s??? My gawd look at this man. He reeks of stagnant. #ImpeachTrump
Using a politically charged editorial from New York Times is no way to support your argument. Your party has failed to protect this nation
1780's
Dopey needs a new gig.   One of the seven dwarfs. HaS the biggest asset.   Those honking EARS
The only agenda obama had was to divide this country, make more poor people and socialize the government. Move to Venezuela.
Keep up the great work Mr. Kaine!
@nytopinion  Sessions.
When probable cause is officially established, the Trump administration should not be allowed to push their shit thru. All of them are crazy
Keep fighting for us
reverses the bipartisan progress made under Obama. Seriously, Kaine? What bipartisan progress?
Then do your job and impeach Trump, flush his cronies.
#Overturn2PopularVote Fr&SqAns Nullify NewAdmin&EC R Unethical UnPatriotic Unfair&Unacceptable HRC1&UNOIT Validate Nr3MillMor
What is wrong with you people. Cant do the time, dont do the crime.
O hadno progress worth keeping. Nothing he did was for USA all for globalism.
@nytopinion obama ! How dare you ! Obama encouraged inept minds to hate the law more than the crime! Lawlessness is Timmy's cread
The current AG has stock in privately own prisons!
Sessions is a recession of every step forward we have made,,,
AG Sessions' policy is also being rejected by leading police chiefs & prosecutors. See @LawLeadGroup statement.
http://lawenforcementleaders.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/LEL-Sessions-Memo-on-Charging-Policies.pdf …
Plus, Sessions committed perjury.
He is a moron
We need fresh people in the congress not old old people are ready to break. We must address and fight back.#resist
Irrelevant. Yawn...
Kaine remains stuck on stupid
Jeff sessions wants to use American law enforcement agencies to push his racist ideology.
I agree he's probably a racist, but I think his driving force in this is money from for-profit jails/prisons.
Jeff Sessions will be the first to tell you he's a Christian he goes to church and introduce you to his pastor, crazy
@nytopinion you being from the kkk and Jim Crow party ! Naturally you would disagree with sessions.
There are way too many people in prison for non-violent crimes. Many of them need treatment, not imprisonment.
I thought u were just a Clinton/Schumer stooge. Now, I'll add the NYT. Do U really think that u represent the views of all VA. No Dem hack!
This entire administration is going backwards!
He's stuck farther back than the 60's for petes sake!! Quit living in the past man!! Better times ahead!!
Shut up baby killer.
Obama made no progress in 8 years
Plus he committed perjury which I guess only poor/powerless citizens can get in trouble for
#StopSessions
And you are stuck...outside the whitehouse.
There's never been any progress made under Obama. He spread hate, discontent and made people feel sorry for themselves.
Obama laughed at the notion of Russia being a problem.  Wrong on everything he ever said.
Sure did! Laughed at Trump on Mean Tweets too! Inferred he'd never be President.
And that's why he sicced the intelligence agencies on him.  Petty little man who couldn't stand to lose his legacy.
Yep! Said he'd be insulted if people didn't vote for Hillary because his legacy was at stake.
More like the seventies than the eighties.... He's clearly occupying this time warp for financial reasons Certainly not law and order morals
Thank you @timkaine! So glad Va had honorable Senate representation.
This is because Sessions' cares more about perpetuating institutionalized racism than lowering crime.
I strongly support Sessions!
Say no the #JimCrow policy of @jeffsessions
Ummm, that would be the Democrats #JimCrow policies.
Try to keep focused on 2017, @jeffsessions is the current #klanservative AG pushing #JimCrow mass incarnation for private prisons #CORRUPT
So sorry, you are wrong.  You can blame the Dems for all the woes of minorities.
Sorry facts are facts.
Yes, they really are, and wishing real hard won't change them.
But doesn't trump encourage rampant alt-fact blabbing? Omg--He does it all the time.
Thank you
