...Not rushing to pass a bill that would cause so much pain to so many people
Least we forget, employers won't be mandated to offer insurance. My employer is thinking to taking them away
The is time to get a new job.
But that's a tragedy. People can't choose the job they want, they have to choose based on insurance. 

Single Payer solves all that.
Single payer is another government hand out Health care@is not a right. Don't want to be paying for those who do not take care of themselves
Single Payer is not a handout. It reduces thousands of insurance companies to one insurer, eliminating trillions in overhead and profits.
Sure another government runs program?  No thanks. Just lives through the ACA. Premiums tripled for less coverage higher deductibles
We need to ask WHY insurance comp are raising their rates & Why pharma is raising thier prices when both industries r making record profits
Good idea: listen, Congress should get out of the health care business!
Did you tell that to your Terrorist Son, while he was doing Terror. Or did you Instigate him to do Terror for your Political Agenda ?
Basically, the @GOP is proposing to murder poor ppl for $.
How do you k ow? you have not read the Bill? Typical Demtard response.
Read some analysis of the bill. I'm actually quite well informed, thanks.
Is that how they rammed through Obamacare...by listening to their constituents?  You're a jackass.
They did by voting  for Trump
That's why I love Senator Kaine. He keeps it real!
Remember all the closed doors to get ObamaCare out? And you cry about Trump's proposal? You are so pathetic!
All we got from ObamaCare was Lies! All Lies!
Can keep your Dr
Can keep your coverage
Lower premiums
More coverage

All damn Lies
Thank Senator! ! Please continue  to Fight For ACA for All Americans!!
Now I ask you sir why in the hell would Congress take advice from a loser?
Then listen carefully repeal Obamacare entirely. Let the states do the states need to do get the FED out of it
I have been saying this all along. Talk to people, hc providers and see what works. Build on that. Don't destroy.
This coming from the party that gave us the ACA. Ruined the Heath Care system for tens of millions of Americans to give a free ride to a few
Wait... but that would make them... civil servants!
Dump Trumpcare; Heal ObamaCare; Medicaid for All.
#Obamacare gave coverage, now we need to bend costs. Conservatives should help pass legislation that requires providers to publish 1/
Srvc costs for different insurers, cash, and Medicare in machine readable fmts and let the market compete to inform customers. #B4AHCA 2/2
Today I worked at H.E.L.P. -a place that loans medical equipment to the needy. 56 people came in between 4:00 and 7:00 pm. Please vote NO.
That never stopped you with ObamaCare, hypocrite. But, for arguments sake, you are right. If you are HONEST, you have to work WITH REPS.
"Should" but unfortunately will not...such a sad state of affairs
I am a disabled person ready and willing to talk to whomever will listen.
Thanks for what you're doing to ensure voices are heard on this
Should ? What is being DONE by Dems ???
What you all should be looking at is single payer, the only plan that suggests we could have a 50% reduction in cost with everyone covered.
You didn't do so well eight years ago because Congress is broke. Worst laws ever...Obamacare and Trumpcare because Congress doesn't talk.
Also make the health care bill applied to members of all government elected or not.
Cut providers charges, Make Insurance company's unable to deny anyone for coverage. Make it free for income lower than $15,000
The republican are listening. But your not.
Yes! It seems obvious. Both sides should be promoting this idea.
What about those constituents and patients who don't want government health care? Do ignore them?
Too busy having them arrested. It is very obvious that they don't care about the people they represent.
why didnt you democrats do that the first time we would not have this mess Tim
No. Congress needs to tell providers to cut premiums and pharmacy to cut prescription costs. Take it out of their million $ bonuses.
Congress should be following the Constitution. Where does it say Washington should provide healthcare?
Keep improving healthcare? You are on a different planet. Ocare is on the verge of collapse due to you and Dems that rammed it through
#SinglePayer #NotForProfitHealthcare
That's not going to happen with the GOP bc they won't do town halls. That's how we know that THEY know their bill is horrendous.
From the Man who called for Blood in the Streets.
i am a constituent you say you want to listen to. Support trump. Nobody pays their medical bills anyway
we as a country voted for trump to make the big decisions it would be smart for your seat to support him we have house senate.doit
yeah, and you Democrats are so good at that !so good that you lost the election!!
How would you know what the bill contains, you haven't even read it yet, You lost, go away.
They are and they don't want those damn high premiums bankrupting everyone.
Even Corker said the same thing
Instead they are listening to lobbyists!  How's the swamp draining going?
They're listening to their stockbrokers. #NotForProfitHealthcare
Oh no really how much did they pay you to say that
They would only do that if this were intended as an improvement to healthcare for the American people; that is neither its intent or design.
You don't know that, you have not read the Bill yet.
Thx @MarkWarner @GerryConnolly and Sen. Kaine, for standing against #TrumpCare
If so, repeal Obamacare.
No congress should either have the Constitution amended or stay hands off.
That would be the Democratic thing to do....
Please fight this in every way possible!
Tell the gov to get out of healthcare and let the free market operate. Then #EndtheFed so we can have a stable currency with buying power.
Perfect Senator. Please lead this and show the people that Dems and Republicans can work this out
No one wants to work with anyone calling for Blood in the Streets.
Trump keeps repeating Obamacare is dying- can't the dems all get on message to tell all that Trump is killing ACA
Beats the Hell out of Obamacare no matter how bad it is..
It surprises me each day that the Rep base do not see how much of the shaft they are getting from their state reps & senators.
Look who's talking, Brain washed Libatard
What Congress should be doing is getting out of the business, since it knows  nothing about health insurance or medical care. #VA
That's so crazy, it just might work.
You mean that Congress should represent everyone rather than just the rich? What a novel idea! Somebody tell @SpeakerRyan!
What Congress should do us throw out Trumpcare..and work on improvements to ACA
Senator, The GOP Control  Congress in not interested in the people needs, the people need to come together & Vote them all out,
Good luck, not happened so far. LOL.
Medicare for all.
But that would make sense
The providers don't more of a say in this fight Tim. They already deny coverage and charge too much as it is.
Wish D's would follow Dowd's advice: Put forward YOUR bill NOW and challenge GOP to vote on it.
They don't have one, The one they have is a disaster
yes
Thank you Senator @timkaine.Never been more proud to be a Virginian and see you & @MarkWarner in action. Shame @RepDaveBrat  does not listen
Now theres an idea..seems only people GOP listen to are the rich, insurance lobby, and/or large donors.
Wrong as Hell !!!!
I doubt it pal
What YOU should be doing... Watching little terrorist Linwood Kaine making sure he isn't beating innocent people. #worryaboutYOURhouse
thats right and they work for us taxpayers money pay them!! remember on election day, term limits
"Should" being the operative word.Doesn't look like the GOP sens want anything to to with their constituents.  This is an absolute atrocity
AMEN - "LISTENING" to constituents ... no locked away in Mitch McConnell's private (rich & white male only) cigar bar. Disgusting.
