Every other industrialized country can provide healthcare for all its citizens.  This is shameful.
Shameful is an understatement, I think greed is the right word!!!
Exactly to both above statements I have friends in UK they have HC, they say it's not "excellent" but it's available to all
Ours isn't exactly excellent either unless your very wealthy. I'd rather everyone have basic access and preventative care.
If I am an idiot, then I hate to think what you are...
It's not human... So don't know what it is?
Health care is not a right. Why do you think USAs care is the best?There's a correlation idiots!  Hey I know...   Go to med school! 
You are likely to regret calling it TrumpCare if it works out LOL.
I believe you have that mistaken for Obamacare. Besides. Trumpcare hasn't been close in form due to all of you people refusing to do ur jobs
Your lying we have not seen you do anything but obstruction
And i bet it for bare bones policy.

You think they will pay that hell no. Insurance will fail. Insurance will crash.

Good!!!
You just don't know shit. Do u ?
NOPE. Not true. And listen to you...an advocate for Obamacare that has more than doubled premium costs, and u all sat by while it fails.
Because under the democrats and #obamacare no one would ever die. Healthcare is not a gov concern #Freemarket
You didn't mention the people that already pay that much for healthcare, why not?
Even if true, those increased costs would go even higher under the Republican plan.
Doubt it, I think it will stay pretty much the same.
It doesn't matter whether you believe it or not, It's established fact.
Obamacare may not be working anymore because it has to be taken care of as any other insurance.  Trump is letting it fail.
No the health carriers have been backing out of it for 2 years now. Many more will be leaving at the new year.
You're confused,AGAIN, that's Obamacare rates.
where have you been?   That's about what I paid for aca.   3000 ded.
You "could" be making those numbers up entirely
You could attempt to prove him wrong couldn't you?
We are now paying out of pocket medical to include premiums $14,400 a yr. now. The AHC has to be fixed.
Hey snartass that's what many in Louisiana pay now. That's why we are pissed. You don't even know the facts Mr. Exempt.
Thats insane! And as someone quickly approaching that age scary. VA is a Military/Active Duty/Retirement state. Most on fixed incomes
How much are they paying now with obama care
That's what most of the south pays. The carriers started leaving 2 years ago. That scenario is me with a 7000$ deductible.
#trumpcare will be expensive!
So the wealthiest Americans can get tax breaks-disgusting!
Uhmmm... I am 53 and paying close to that now without actually seeing a doctor. I can't afford the doctor because the Deductible is too high
Stop with the lies the bill isn't even voted on yet.
The reality is that people won't have insurance if that is their cost.
That's totally ridiculous!
My premium before ACA was $155 per month. Deductible was $10. Now premium is $650 per month and $1,500 deductible. How have you helped me???
I beg of you, PLEASE STOP TRYING TO HELP ME!!! You have no idea what you're doing!
They're probably already paying that on deductibles instead.
Our health care system is very very costly. Plus wealthy don't have heart!
That's crazy! One forth income for health premium!
Under ObamaCare premiums are skyrocketing and will exceed $11,000 or more a year. Repeal Ocare, the illegal Health Care!
How is that any different (or worse) than obamacare?
Link?
You are very credible since you want to give Donald Trump Jr the death penalty. Crooked Hillary picked the right running mats.
That's strange under Obamacare we had to pay out the ASS.  for something we couldn't useStop with the BULLSHIT
You wrong. You better go back to confession you lied. God is going to get you. DTJr. lawyer said she was for Hilly.
#TrumpCare is not finalized and a law yet, is it?
That doesn't change the fact that's what it would do if passed as planned by Republicans.
Why do you LIE?  You know you are not stating facts nor are you telling the truth. Try appealing to people who are NOT EMOTION DRIVEN.
So do something instead of hot air
Timmy, HOW MUCH ARE PEOPLE PAYING IN PREMIUMS AND CO-PAYS NOW?? Gee whiz stud, in the name of God,.. STOP LYING TO US!!
Thanks Obama for the failure President Trump has to fix.
JESUS!IS!FREE!AMEN!!!!! FAITH!!!!!AMEN!!!! FAITH!IS!A!PERSPECTIVE!AMEN!!!!! YOUR!CHOICE!AMEN!!!!!
#MediCareForAll is easy to legislate ..
Just remove these 3 words "65 and over" from Medicare legislation
Huge savings, easy to administer.
INSANE
Thank you
Right. And under Obamacare you will save $2,500 versus what you pay currently.
They could also pay 20.  Let's speculate to mislead for our own narrative
The reality is they will drop their insurance and imperil their financial security. It is simply unaffordable.
Let Obamacare collapse. Let it all burn. Liberals broke it. They own it.
We'd love to let it stand. I'm glad we agree. Not like this GOP bill is passing anytime soon...
Not trump care... ryan care... he's married to a lib
@SenSchumer  Admits ObamaCare Constitutional Violation
Couldn't find a non biased source could you?  
You continue to make me right! You can't estimate costs-UP OR DOWN- from something that DOESN'T EXIST in a final form!
That's FINAL FORM!
Shame on anyone who has the audacity to steal from the poor and give to the rich.  @realDonaldTrump
That's exactly what the people of Haiti said to the Clintons. #ClintonCash
One day both parties will learn that the best results occur in a bipartisan manner...
The mentality has become that everything has to be a fight with a winner & loser. We must change our mindsets or it'a game over. @POTUS
That's more than rent for that income range...
You told us our annual premiums would drop by $2500/family. And you want me to believe you NOW?
Under Obamacare the average unsubsidized annual premium for a family of 4 is over $14,000.  You built this mess.
Just keep lying senator go back to Honduras please, actually no, you should be locked up
As opposed to zero options with your affordable health care act
TrumpCare is the AHCA, Obama is ACA... people have options. Don't ever let anyone tell you you don't have options.   
Unsustainable to survive in Virginia.
we need a single payer system where the govt controls who gets healthcare like the UK, God bless Charly Gard
Why don't you push for UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE like the other 56 nations who seem to care more about their citizens?
With the incredibly intellectual statement I'm sure you'll be running for office in what 8, 10 years?  
