President Trump says “I give ourselves a ten” out of ten for the response to Puerto Rico storm. 
The guy is mentally unfit @realDonaldTrump


Disturbing Video – As instructed by @TheDemocrats, U.S. Aid to Puerto Rico is being thrown into dumpsters:
https://theconservativetreehouse.com/2017/10/17/disturbing-video-u-s-aid-to-puerto-rico-thrown-in-dumpsters/ …
We should also be concerned that St Johns has no power either.
trump, A PROGANDA machine trying to spread the word that he is a great dictator. His support of PR along with other virgin islands is lie.
You should be there soothing those poor folk with your harmonica tim you won’t get anything done here anyway
Why were no  Puerto Ricans not taken to WH? It's their house too.
Trump we give you ZERO regarding Puerto Rico
He gets a zero period!
Tweeting won’t help, we have to donate https://www.gofundme.com/open-arms-foundation-maria-relief …
#PuertoRicoRelief #PuertoRico
Ricardo kisses Drumpf's ass on national TV. Ricardo: My balls are so tiny...like your hands Mr. President."
DT gives himself a 10 out of 10 for everything he does!
Only because it’s Puerto Rico. If it was Texas or Florida it would be a 2 out of 10.
He lives in his own little world
Only Trump is patting himself on the back. This a natural disaster and a racist Trump disaster.
Trump should be firing FEMA for mediocrity and lighting fires for more action. These are Americans suffering! #Compassion
He is just an arrogant ass.
29% without drinking water seems a bit...fishy.  Water "..deliveries equate to only 9% of the island's drinking water requirement:"
The amount of water distributed by #FEMA accounts for 9% of #PuertoRico's drinking water requirement @AFLCIO 
Exactly what r you doing in your spare time to help? Tweeting or doing something?
I love how easy it is for reporters to goad him into saying the dumbest things. No wonder he hates the First Amendment.
It’s always time for trump to pat himself on the back. That’s what he lives for. #narcissistinchief
Jist like bammy
#ImpeachTrumpPence
#followmeplease
#resist
#HR4HR
@potus is being far too modest with his self-congratulatory 10 rating. It should in fact be at least 21 ... equal to the percentage of  #PuertoRico Americans who now have power some 4 weeks after Maria. Then again, math has never been his strong suit.
Three men sitting exactly same pose hands gripped in front of them
Help farmers in #PuertoRico to replant their fields https://www.fondoderesilienciapuertorico.org/ 
Gotta love the Puerto Rico governor he does what he needs to do for his people I love him for that it is sick to listen to trump blow his 
Rate Trump response to PR
0
PR has been a pit for DECADES! The storm just shined a light on it. PR is always in debt and run by corrupt individuals just like Haiti.
Please go there and help out for the rest of your term!
He told them to pick up the pieces and stop waiting for outside help!!!!
POTUS HAS DONE A GREAT JOB IN PR! U ppl are sooo low, willing to flat out lie and make something up! Go bail ur son out of jail TIMMY BOY!
Lier lier pants on fire. AGAIN!
Why do we pay $7 a month in FL towards hurricane relief on our FL power bill? Because we plan. Where is their plan? Where is their Power co?
@realDonaldTrump you rate a minus 10. Stop talking about yourself and help the Americans in Puerto Rico.
But moron wants a 10. He’s just pitiful. Absolutely abysmal.
And let's not forget the US Virgin Islands too. This is a disgrace.
If trump gives himself a ten for his Puerto Rico response, I’d hate to see a one.
Trump is delusional as usual.
Again, what have you been doing Senator for so many years? PR infrastructure was horrible prior to hurricanes and island poorly managed.
What would you do beside attach everything and everyone.
Tim time for you & ur running mate  Killary to go down and help, she has absolutely nothing else to do!!!
@timkaine Can you please provide a first-hand source for tracking how Puerto Rico is recovering? Many families still without answers.
People are working very hard. Give credit where credit is due. You get your ass out there and help.
Biggest problen isn't @realDonaldTrump ..its the people that voted for him dispite the signs ..otherwise he wouldnt b there today
They should be back to just about pre storm levels then!!
Trump is delusional to think PR is out of harm.  POTUS=Delusional.
If this country can't step up, maybe the @UN will.
Sorry sir Trump didn’t get the memo, or he did and per norm doesn’t care
As usual, Trump's rules for himself are different, grading himself on a curve - and when the semester is barely half complete.
Maybe if they can learn to be whiter?
If the crooked democratic leaders of PR did their job right the mess their in now wouldn't be as bad, now the mayors are stealing food water
More bullshit from WH. I'd love to see the bull they've got tied up in there. Feeding him Exlax shakes.
And congress is still out of ideas on how to work togather and serve the American people.
If the crouched
I really have to laugh at all the liberal retards that comment on your post, I think they need some more coloring books???
Really??? It seems your precious Obama never wasted anytime claiming he did so much. Like killing Osama when we are still at war? DA
You has still have people dying 4 just 2 days ago while the mayor of city was trying 2 helicopter to fly them out b/c no dyialis
He only gives himself a 10 because he doesn’t know how to count
I'm hearing the death toll is over 450 now. This can't be a partisan issue. What needs to be done?
More like a 1 out of 10 and that is be generous
Delusional.
Gotta hand it to @POTUS, he does realize we are post-truth and nothing matters.
It's unconscionable
I don’t know, I think I would rather hear from Puerto Rican’s.  Somehow I think they have a different answer.
fact, the infrastructure in the territory is/was light years behind the rest of the world. It has to now be rebuilt. It’s Trumps fault?
Pure delusion
You NEVER stop, do you? Trump is your president too, Tim. Credit where credit is due. Eagerly waiting to vote YOU out.

How about you question why loads of aid was found in garbage dumpsters?
Why is the mayor dumping supplies in the garbage then?
give trump ten drinks of puerto rico's water
.Why not send worthless Woody down there and beat up anyone complaining
This president is a disgrace.
I am still hearing that part of the problem is with local PR governments.  Still hope we can help Puerto Rico become an even better place!
He really does live in an alternate reality....it’s time to enact the 25th!
@AndrewBeatty any sane man would have allowed leeway not a perfect score—
So, therefore -there is nothing else to do!
Trump Is legend in his own mind.
And the governor basically agreed trump did a good job. What a wimp. He is part of the problem
And how is that any different that 5 yr. ago.
The US government, ie trump, has let this territory down.  Shameful response.
When more than half of Puerto Rican's don't have clean water, enough food, or electricity it isn't time for praise but ACTION.
You meant 0 out of 0!!!!
Major grade inflation!
Time and time again he shows us just how delusional he really is, The man lives in his own little world. He is king of all there.
Sad situation. United States can do better and MUST help them.
Your son out of jail yet?
Congrats for killing 450 Americans, at last count? And that number will only go up.
That’s a lie, but even if true, people die everyday. Are we blaming every death on the hurricane. I don’t think we are doing that in FL.
How could anyone sitting with him at that moment not laugh in his face...not spit out their coffee? #gaslighting #lying #delusional @gop
Those are some ugly neon yellow chairs!!
I want to say that Trump would get a big FAT Zero, since he so much loves his grading. Ha ha.
People still need help, we don't care how you rete yourself....
10/10 self-evaluation of response to #PuertoRico hurricane.  Mr. Trump, your arm is sore and your back is bruised from patting yourself on the back so hard. Save yourself the physical pain and give yourself a 3 for performance and a -20 for sensitivity. #USPolitics
450 American Citizens in #PuertoRico have died, because #DonaldTrump FAILED to send resources! Not upholding constitution/lives per Oath
You have no idea what you’re talking about. Please cite facts, instead of baseless conjecture.
Trump doesn’t understand what been President is! So many people are hurt and need help to move on.The Island is destroy.

You can’t build a new electrical system in weeks Tim. Grow up
And GEE. What about the Virgin Islands?
Because NOBODY else will. #MoronInChief  #trumpforpsychologicalevaluation #25thAmendment
What about the Virgin Islands
Can you get rid of this lying piece of puke please!!
Hey, you don't need to pay yourself on the back when you can publicly coerce someone into doing it for you.
Delusional petulant man child
He lives in an alternative universe
Also, Flint
You can’t help those who can’t help themselves
Harry,pr had crappy infrastructure.this would have made headlines if bammy failed to give them immediate power,food,water, restored cable tv
This man is so egocentric, how can he represent and make decisions for a country.  Always about what he's done or what has been done to him.
I give myself an 11/10 for getting out of bed this morning. I fucking ROCKED it!
Ten out of what? A million?
YOU GET A ZERO!
And 450 dead
https://amp.usatoday.com/story/774918001/ …
STHU!
@realDonaldTrump he owns this shit it’s his Katrina
You realize there are 1000s of fed employees working to lift Puerto Rico. Part of job as prez is to cheerlead troops. Stop Politicizing!
He’s doing more than you are. You said “ourselves”!  #BishPlease!
And........que the leftist puppet.
Omg. What an asshole. My family and friends on the island are still in much need. They can’t even flush the toilets.....think about it
Living on island is a bitch.  Hawaii would be in the same situation
The people of Puerto Rico would emphatically disagree with you. As would most Americans.
I’m puertorrican, I’m agree with Tim.
As so I. I wasn’t very clear on where I stand. Trump is a Moron.
I heard their officials miss appropriated our supplies. What’s up with that?
We know! And Pinocchio  ‘s nose is getting longer & longer
https://twitter.com/Bill1qazxsw2/status/920314560636248064 …
Gosh isn’t it nice to know how much progress is being made instead of complaining against good works! #PuertoRico
there’s no more progress to be made he got a 10
When Trump asked for a compliment on his job in PR, was he asking for the truth?
I think @realDonaldTrump doesn't know these are US citizens or he thinks of them as second class citizens. Either way, what a #racist dotard
The US military should be repurposed to responding to disasters, domestic and foreign. The time has come to "beat swords into plowshares".
10 out of what? 1,000
That was horrible. If the governor did not verbally agree with Trump you can bet his people will get NO further help.
Delusional
America has become a shameful laughing Stock. Who would have ever thought US would come to this?????
It is so Sad that PuertoRico is still struggling and this President finds time to insult widowers and Lie on Former Presidents , Sad,
You better cause no one else would with >75% still w/o power, 50% w/o sufficient food & water, damaged infrastructure hampering distribution
Imagine if our power went out in VA tonight & was still off the wk before Thanksgiving..this is that.Unimaginable that he wants applause
Indeed. Neighbors' latest family reports go from moving to mainland, hard but coping, living in "stone age", to still no word.
And the U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS have 0%
Time to do the right thing, give them back their sovereignty, let them be their own country and take care of themselves
Could it be Kaine much more worried about patting special interest$ by criticizing #POTUS then any old hurricane disaster?
Why are you not pushing invoking the 25th amendment on this psycho?
Just give Trump a gold star  sticker on his chart to shut him up.It's obvious USA citizens will help Puerto Rico USA citizens. He won't. 
Why are you spreading false information
And US Virgin Islands are 100% without power. Appears @realDonaldTrump @VP and #GOP do NOT care.
Where were U past 2 decades when PR infrastructure needed repaired ?How many people died because of U? Resign and get off Russian payroll.
How your son Timmy?
All the people I care about in #PuertoRico were taken care of 100%. Fornicate the rest.
Indeed Senator. The current resident of WH cannot process that reality.
The last resident of the White House couldn't even show up to Louisiana when we were flooded last year he was too busy golfing
already a year? time flies!
trump pence that gov should be giving themselves a big fat f for FAILURE THEY HAVE FAILED EVERYONE OF THOSE PEOPLE LIVING IN PR AND USVI
When are you going to talk about the incompetent government in #PuertoRico. 7,000 containers in the port waiting to pay taxes
Help feed Puerto Rico now:
https://www.worldcentralkitchen.org/donate 
Plus, he had 2 (two) scoops of ice cream, I hear.
My heart went out to the governor, working so hard to flatter our needy leader while pointing out that much still needs to be accomplished.
Thank you for watching Fox News
How is that Trumps fault? You’re a wacko. Point the finger at their own people and government
Really, if you are without drinking water for a month you have already died. This is bs.
That’s a 10 out of 10 for Trump’s ability! .@realDonaldTrump
The GOP want the Puerto Ricans dead
You are correct.  Lets hold judgement (both sides) until things are better
I often wonder if he realizes the magnitude of his inaccurate statements & tweets! This administration is very inept!
Investigation into devious left that worked like Clinton/Obama to keep PR citizens from massive food, generators, water shipped in wks ago
Troubling
I believe that is a single person patting himself, a move he is practiced at.
And the U.S. Virgin Islands are completely without power
Dripping with sarcasm key on - But he talked to the President of the Virgin Islands, so all is okay. #USPolitics
He also spoke to the Lolipop king, so, I don't know...
Tell us Tim, what exactly have you done to help Porto Rico?  Please?
Of course you do...
You get a zero out of ten little Timmy
