No it gave additional funds to fight opioid addicts
Not enough.
$45 billion isn't enough?  ok 
Also, this bill will knock off millions of those that need treatment anyway, they wont have access to the 45 mil anyway.
Hey second place runner up Timmy the joker, did you use your  2nd place steak knives to carve up that story ????
Kaine. When r u going to get it through ur head that the Feds can't fund & solve all ur states issues. U & state figure it out. Go to work
$42Billion is more than the entire healthcare for seniors.

Best you could do? Yawn... let me know when you guys start being able to formulate actual insults ok...
Is this treason Tim?
Agreed.  We need biP coop.  Very concrnd re: sec clearncs 4 Jr/ Kush... need 2 suspend pending a full investigation.
@Graceann319 Talk to the @SenateGOP  & @HouseGOP they WILL NOT have Jobs if this bill passes
Really care, Dems are mostly responsible for the epidemic crisis we have today. Drugs across the border flowed freely under Obama's admin.
Keep lying timmy, you're doing a great job at that since your a joke in other ways.
Please tell us what you have done to help and where you would like us to dump the piles of money that will do nothing.
Timmy just tell everyone that regardless of what is proposed you will "resist" like a good little snowflake
Much of the heroin comes from across the border from Mexico so get on the Trump train and help us build the wall that's the first step
U gonna crash & burn baby...l just a matter of time.  Ride that Trump train.
when has drug addiction ever been the federal governments problem?
Aren't they putting 45 billion in? If we could secure borders a lot of these drugs would not be in the US
The poor are expendable in the GOPs' eyes! It's been that way since the 17th colonization of America. Looked down upon, loathed& abused.
Fake fake fake news! 
What did u do about opiod & drugs in Virginia the last few years hard work from U problem could be solved
What's the matter? ACA inadequate? Yet u condemn anything else.
Your behavior leaves one to believe you may have an addiction problem. Consider rehab..
Old Man mitchell thinks if we each got $1M from Trump, you would find something to bitch about.
45 million vs 2 million do the math
Do t let it happen
Oh bullshit.  Medicaid is fueling the opioid addiction.
if you like your doctor, fame...
It also affects the children who are forced into foster care while the parents get help. $$ to help the kids is cut as well. Address that!!
fams/dtrs not going to be able to pay debts, successfully complete ch13 plans, get relief & survive w/o health insurance b/c household cost
Say, wonder if there's any correlation between marijuana glorification and opioid abuse.
Why is congress getting a different version??
How about Medicaid for seniors in nursing homes
Repeal and stay out of it for good
my sweet stepbrother Jimmy dead of an OD age 50 so sad such a waste
Is your son still hooked on drugs?
Please continue your leadership towards good healtcare for all.
Thank you Senator Tim Kaine <3
Now explain how. You keep saying the sky is falling but never present any specific details to support. All you have are scare tactics.
My understanding is that we senior citizens get to pay 5 times more for health insurance.
It is designed to get more gop votes not to help the American people 
This so called trumpcare package will kill Americans
The "new" version is damning to all of us! #ProtectOurCare #NoAHCA #NoTrumpCare Work on #ImproveACA! Trump et al are gutting it each day!
And the #CruzAmendment ends these protections which will affect all insurance policys exepct congress they exempted themselves
So the last 8 years was an amazing success?
U hope Sen. Murkowski doesn't cave under the new funding to her state to screw the rest of the country.
*I
An epidemic in most states.
Then tell your governor to balance the budget.
He's too busy fleecing the taxpayers in Mississippi out of millions in a green car scandal. Learned how to from the Clinton Crime Machine.
Yup!!
