BREAKING: Senate Republican leaders' new health bill would let insurers sell skimpy coverage; GOP support for plan still uncertain.
#HealthcareIsAHumanRight ?
#HealthcareIsAHumanRight ?
Huckabee ?
https://youtu.be/TjJmAnSsH7E 
Please, my senators @ThomTillishands and @SenatorBurr  will not take calls, visits, emails from constituents .#HealthcareBill
Because Democrats don't care about you PERIOD
So that is why my republicans senators will not have town halls with NC constituents . Thanks for clearing that up.
The best part of the #ACA was knowing that insurance could not be "skimpy"
Or it allows consumers the choice to purchase plans they desire.  You know...that thing we call free markets.
Health care does not work in a free market.  We have 70 years of evidence of that truth.
Healthcare works perfectly in a free market.  You are mistakenly under the impression that we haven't had government interference
Great Recession, corporate greed, and offshoring of jobs didn't hurt America enough. Introducing ... #Trumpcare #MakeAmericaHurtAgain #MAHA
Come on now, the provision is that we healthy and young could buy catastrophic coverage if we wanted. States will be free to fund the sick.
it figures the greed of the insurance companies taking advantage of people need a law to have them list what they cover in the policy
You do realize oBaCare is completely failed, right? 
And you do realize pre-existing is up to insurance companies, right?
@AP lets leep this legislation from passing vote No
Universal health care for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
Why don't millions of Americans flock to N Korea for "universal healthcare"? I'll chip in $20 for u to take a trip next time you need a doc.
Just as bad...huge Medicaid cuts...what are they going to do...throw people out of their nursing homes?
The cuts won't hurt anyone they have so much fraud that why they are doing cuts.
Liar - pre-existing is covered.
I have a pre-existing condition.  I have insurance through my employer now, but what happens if that would change for whatever reason???
Hahahhahaha.  That's hysterical. Corey Stewart is a loon. He still fighting the statue removal alongside the KKK?
The seat he still has in the Senate right? That one?
You guys all believed she'd be in jail and instead she's crying into her millions every night while you're posting twitter. Good job.
Awww you're jealous of her success in life aren't you? Jealousy is such an ugly trait.
STOP LIEING TO EVERYONE . NOTHING IS GONNA INTERFERE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS!
Chuck Grassley and Joni Earnst send out the same canned responses when contacted.  Fix the issues ACA and stop waisting our time Mitch.
Well Ovomitcare  has made it so I can't afford it! $1400 a mth $6350 per person deductible. Stop the fear mongering!
The sky is falling the sky is falling and people will die people will die Impeach impeach impeach Russia Russia Russia collude collude
You need to stop misrepresenting stories you people colluded with the Ukrainians and not try to act like what Trumps son is wrong hypocrite
Cuts Medicaid by 880 Million Dollar s Worst piece of legislation ever Written @splcenter @AriMelber @LilyTomlin @LALGBTCenter @ACLU Lawfirm
Treason, Treason, Treason
If you are sick, Republicans want you to help the USA and die. #TrumpInsurance brought to you by the people who gave you #TrumpUniversity!
I've been thinking its a socioeconomic genocide. Jered and Ivonka in Silicon Valley... the first family doesn't see how the rules apply???
As a self employed middle class business owner. I had to make the decision between paying my taxes or healthcare. My Family is now uninsured
...I have a son with a #Preexisting condition. Before Obama care we had outstanding coverage for half the cost. Obamacare is Bankrupting us!
Lincoln was raised poor and read by candle light. First republican president. Trump was born rich and cannot read . He will be the last.
The best thing the democrats can do is the same best thing republicans can do. Put an end to your party. Both dominated by billionaires.
Making rich people richer by killing poor people has been around for centuries. It's a fundamental block of capitalism. Few people know that
Please stay in this fight for us Senator! Hypertension, diabetes, cardiac issues, arthritis-all impacting so many. We are very scared.
I don't respect him
I meant the POTUS. Sen Kaine I respect you
Personally I don't think I or anyone should have to pay someone else's way.
Let's tell it like it is,THE GOP IS A CORRUPT CABAL determined 2 ignore the MAJORITY who will b harmed by this tax care BS.
What your saying is people that are already sick gets the skip policy that covers nothing. Price our HHSec.Hurry up and die lower the cost 
What I understand is they have s very cheap policy which really don't cover much of nothing. So your paying just to be paying
I bet you don't have Obamacare and neither does @MarkWarner or @NancyPelosi, so what's the difference in that line of argument?
Imagine single payer, imagine your disease costs a lot to treat and the Senate decides if you live or die?
We all need to pray that health care is not denied anyone. Then after we pray, we should call our Senators & tell them our concerns.
Keep fighting for us
He's a good man and smart

Stupidity
Republicans Want To Use Healthcare  $ To Build BORDER WALL.  Desert WALL Or Healthcare America? ? ? It's Our Taxpayer  $$ We Decide #vote
@AP  gee tim, can I have the same coverage you do...have nancy read Obamacare bill to you when she's done
Well the Republicans want a different plan than the public. Seem right to you?
dems want a different  plan than they have, seem right to you?
Umm they've been on the ACA too for awhile
"Pre-existing conditions" are RACIST. Native Americans are almost twice at risk of diabetes as white people because diabete = genetic.
Stop this asap!
That's right,sheep,they are not listening to the millions of morons who voted fo r you and the canklequeen.its more about listening to
It gives the choice you halfwit. Something Obamacare doesn't.

Dems STILL suffering from Russian Concussion as their laughable false narrative reaches popcorn-worthy entertainment hilarity#FakeNewsCNN https://twitter.com/realalexjones/status/885556645895471105 …

Why The Left Hates America 

Another Democrat promotes murder. The media, which tacitly approves, is silent. Again. https://twitter.com/realsaavedra/status/885220158708568064 …
MAGA creep. Next time invest in America, not hedge funds.
Just a choice for catastrophic coverage, friend of mine in her 50s had a similar 1 she liked, not allowed, had to get Obamacare 1 at 3x cost
Have had skimpy coverage that i thought was insurance for family, you can keep it GOP
I grew up in Portsmouth. I believe in you
Republicans actively working against the majority of Americans using taxpayer money #GOPDerelictionofDuty
Why does @GOP always want to take the country backward? It's mind boggling. What about progress scares them so much. #KillTheBill
Being dragged into the light for the insider investments, trading and REAL trason.  ;)  shhhh
Tim Kaine a true hypocrite. Chasing collusion of my President Trump. When he ran with the PAY FOR PLAY HILLARY. The MOST CORRUPT PERSON EVER
Millions made their voices heard when they voted you second-place Timmy ,,how those steak knives working for you ??
He wins his Senate elections right?
His problem is he comes off as a creepy politician. We he debated Pence he sounded like a car salesman trying way too hard to sell a bad car
What's that have to do with him winning his elections as Senator? Elections over, we all know who won.
Stop this Senator. So many people are going to lose vital care. Keep fighting this
Tim Kaine,a catholic, sold his soul to the devil,Hillary, to be her running mate. Him running with a abortion in the 9th month,devil.Treason
Liar
NO, NO, NO!  How many times do we have to tell the GOP?  #NoAHCA
That "skimpy coverage" before ACA got two of my siblings killed. We don't want to go back there! #VoteNo #FixACA
Trolling not working too well today? Hahah.  Just pathetic.
You should have "fixed" ObamaCare before it was passed.
That's why we have Medicaid.
Hi Tim,

#ObamaCare failed & you lost the election.  Please go back to being a nothing.

Your Pal,
#Deplorable
I hear you Tim. Now pass me the ketchup.
It is apparent you have no freaking idea what is in this bill. All you want is keep the dimms narrative going. No wonder u d's can't win
Btw do you still want to kick the Catholic Church out of the US?
Seriously, one way, you are branded a traitor to your country, the other you are elected again to make real change that helps all. VOTE NO
Wrong. Its called giving folks options.
We all lost coverage or more Americans were covered than ever?
Did I say everyone or did I say more than before? Might want to try reading that again...
The Grand Ole Putin Party sure are some cruel evil folks, not very Christian like at all. WWJD
Laura is coming and you're gonna be toast.
Tell @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan #DontKillMyFriend
Keep up the fight back now!!!!!!
Please run to be Our President in 2020 Sen Kaine! We need you, an honorable & stable man who has lots of gov't experience so can do it rite
Please run!!!!America needs your wisdom
@AP Skimpy coverage is not needed. You can go to Urgent Care and pay with Visa - less than premiums. Sick ppl need full coverage
If we are waiting for them to care, put a cold pack on your head, because they are not caring.!!!
Pull your head out of the sand none of those swamp creatures care about you just your votes
I'am feeling you, it hurts when you open your eyes and realize that you only matter as long as you vote for them, you no longer matter.
And feckless Dems can't stop them.  51-50.  Because HRC was too arrogant to not take WI, MI and PA for granted.
Shame on them! Whatever happens with 'Our Fellow American' where's the empathy!?
They Died!!! We now have Old money Grubbing Fools . They didn't have cut into there vacation to throw this at us. They don't give a d_ _!!!!
But only if they also offer a plan that meets Obamacare standards.
I thought the point of a health care bill was to make coverage more stable in both what it covers and what it costs
That's because you are a human with careing in your sprit. Not the people in office.
Have you forgot tax payers pay for there healthcare.
Tim Kaine for president I think you would make a good one
Obamacare targeted all Americans unfortunately it ruined our healthcare entirely while you screamed success  your complicit

