So they say.
@MikeLennon59 loser. Great debate 
what Caine of leader is this ??  the people follow him are out their mains is incomprehensible !!
#trumpdontcare
communism is arround the Conner he still campaigning ?? Frustrateeed !! unfuncional  get to work man stop lie !!
Not when it means the vacancies equal a slimmed down government and those salaries going to his ridiculous wall
because they have a moron for a boss. Rof
he still campaigning is'nt  done jet !! his reality presidency  what is going on !!!
@SheilaBrady16 no. he would rather bitch how h8s cabinet hasn't been confirmed, even tho he hasn't filled it.
every weekend new entretenimiento with trump not work
I'm learning conversational Russian &Mandarin, don't you think it would be wise to make it a rule for school children to learn?
mandate it because it's beginning too look like they're going to need it
Timmy,.. how about approving the Supreme Court nominee and stop worrying about what THE PRESIDENT hasn't done!!
you're a fraud and hypocrite- why don't you get out of the way of true progress
HELLO 
He's probably planning to disestablish DOD. Either he's grossly incompetent or he has a devious plan to hurt the military.
both
UR against deporting illegal immigrants. Some R criminals & have killed Americans. Concerned about security? SPT DEPORT illegals
@TomthunkitsMind I suggest everyone start thinking about preparing their own defenses. Apparently the government doesn't care.
This scares the shit out of me, cuz I really don't want to have a gun.
. ??????
You prepare for the worst. You never get surprised.
thankfully you get to submit zero, loser!
Trump means "National Security" in quotation marks! Ya know!
Trump "Gee Senator, Can't a guy play a little golf? Call Jared and Ivanka - they're running things at the D.C. Liars Club"
I think they're too busy ensuring no one finds their Russian connections and destroying our country. It's the little things.
Not as important as taking the weekends off to play golf and sell access.
@MikeLennon59
Who know what Trump spends his days doing? He golfs & eats out all weekend. What a lazy guy. Worst president ever!!
he's too busy tweeting about inconsequential crap
Quit your bickering an get to work. You Democraps are a bunch of LOSERS. was a Democrat but after Obama's mess by creating ISIL
they probably won't b there that long! Lol Trump is on the campaign trail! smoothing his ego! I wonder what he is going to do
trump priorities: tweet stupid lies, screw over everybody but the rich, call Putin, lie, spend our tax $, lie, golf, lie
not to Trump, Russia can have what they want!
@kimchi1380 & when something happens he'll blame the Democrats & the Trumpsters will believe him. #Holdthemaccountable
@texashabanero for 8 years national security was a joke to the administration and now you start talking shit about it go figure
exactly @michael calo
. Don't. Lift one finger to help the republican agenda on anything,that's what they did to our president Obama.
he's working on draining the swamp first so he can patch leaks.
hey did you see where Joe Biden said,"Trump deserves the chance to govern" huh??? Maybe that's why he won the VP and you, NOT!!
I guess he expects Russia is going to handle the details
Not for them, sadly.  They are dismantling the government for their benefit and the benefit of our enemies.
apparently not.  We're hosed...
Keep them on their toes Tim. Watch this administration day, and night!
not 2 Trump, he's off doing a rally! He needs his ego stroked #2muchtime not focused the country's problems!
@FoxxpawsJill  Using Trump logic, you're probably supposed to confirm them before he nominates them.
DJT is a priority...bottom line..nothing else matters to him
@IndivisibleVV no b/c he's prob going to hand it over to Putin anyways
lol right
no but tweeting about @SnoopDogg is apparently.
Loyal Mexican callled at 3am "Oh master yo wife's tapped ba security gad trump tow" Trump "what ?Obama wire tapped trump tower ?"
not when you still owe the foreign crooks who put u there.
Yes and American People are priority in terms of economic growth, jobs, and affordable heath care in a free market.
Hope to see you today to discuss the issues.
tRump team still try'n to figure out how it all works #inoverhishead
Quit blocking Trump's nominations.  Isn't setting up a new administration in the national interest?
@FourFiveFire - nope- he plans to turn US into Dictatorship for ExxonMobil OIL/GAS controlled state. How are Dems stopping this?
Has it got something to do with the fact that the Senate takes 2 months to confirm a major appointment?
Why would security be a priority for Trump? An outside attack, in fact, would allow him more power. His motives are not normal.
He's too busy holding rallies to get his ego stroked.
apparently not.
Don't we deserve a tax deduction for all these govt employees we are *not* paying?!
@Brooke888888 
Nope, he's secure is what matters!
shame shame shame on them.   They are an absolute mess and a national disgracd
per WH policy, they will say the delay is Senate's fault. And DJT's supporters will believe it. #resist
@TexDem_Dkos @timkaine Exactly. "Terrible Senate Democrats, holding up confirmation of people I haven't yet named. Sad!"
@IndivisibleV10E when no one wants to work for @realDonaldTrump I guess it makes it hard to hire. #CORRUPTION #controversy #drama
@IndivisibleV10E irresponsible. Security should be more important than Maralago vacations
well let's see you'll fight him on the vacancies anyway
You must be anxious to delay another vote. Seek help for your obstructionism issues. Stop foisting them on the American people.
I think it's because the democrats are being mean to him. The poor baby. Stay strong, Senator. We need you.
why don't you approve the remaining 4 and pay more taxes crook!
@BrianLewisS1 Apparently NOT ... when you are in bed with the largest threat #TrumpTreason #Resist
when your party stops asking stupid questions of nominations and filibustering, maybe headway could happen
trump doesn't care for anything or anybody but himself. He will lead America to war if he can make a profit @realDonaldTrump
@TheSaiLife #1 priority Above all, surrounding himself with individuals that will be subservient.
@ThomasB00001 no problem, Jared will do everything
He needs to be IMPEACHED.
or maybe the dod is bloated. Good CEOs don't hire just to hire
IMPEACH ILLEGITIMATE THIEVE NOW! STOP ALL DEPORTATIONS ICE RAIDS ARRESTS.  EVEN IN PRISON DON'T DEPORT KIDS CAN GO SEE.
@whitehouse is total inept Can't get job done.Hides behind saving money when putting nation at risk Except border wall & refugees
maybe if he quits vacationing each weekend!
@mydoggigi Not as important as golf
@rich19911999 I'm afraid you already know the answer. Bannon has this covered and needs to be stopped.
been a little busy
@naetta They are probably going to abolish those, right?
Not if Trump is trying to destroy America inside out for his buddy Vladimir Putin. #Resist #Kremlingate
America is awake & the pure evil & Nastiness from Democrat's is appalling! Globalist Elites who are out for themselves.Scared rats
He can't get the ones he's nominated a timely vote. God knows who else he'll pick to raise the level in the swamp
The Gross Corruption throughout the Goverment & Democrat Party pickings are Low! Swamp maggots need gone after Obama Traitor 8yrs!
Ummmm.....Russia? We're in bed with them now?
We must have a world class defensive capability, but education, health care, in-demand work skills training, infrastructure 1st
Nope too busy, 45's money laundering businesses to worry about America.  It's now the Russian W H #Trumprussia
@AdamAddict When you get a job at a bank to pull a bank job, the less employees who aren't in on it the better. #Resist
@KottiPillar No. He's trying to dismantle government. Duh
No, not a priority. National security has been delegated to China, Russia, and North Korea.
Russian national security is a priority for Trump & the RGOP.
@Robrt_M_Goldste -Guess not so important
Sad thing is evidently no one can do a thing about it. We need to change some laws to protect ourselves in the future
you have a dummy called business leader at the helm others protected him not the other way around.
Probably been too busy filling positions that don't require Senate oversight.
@BalanceInNature purpose of the Muslim ban and the wall right? Then he cuts 1.5billion from the coast guard. I feel safe. Not.
Given their current behavior, I'd say clearly not.
you think?
probably because no one wants to work for him!
And yet he'll still blame Dems for the positions remaining vacant.
didn't ur kid get arrested?
don't worry, your son will get prosecuted soon enough, don't rush it daddy
Filling these vacancies isn't his plan. He wants to hobble or destroy agencies. That's the real goal.
Obviously not. Trump probably thinks National Security is the Pentagon's job.
He's too busy starting fires
haha what have you done?
to be fair, it's probably hard to find that many Klansman willing to move out of the holler...
you've been in elected office for 25 years, he's done more in 3 months in office
How can Pres Trump get things done when your party continues to delay confirmations!  The audacity!
god help us if we face a national emergency.
@realDonaldTrump can't make much money on national security, so it is inherently NOT a priority to him.
Trump is gutting State Dept...you know the govt arm that upholds western interests around the world...to appease his buddy Putin!
Only when it involves a travel ban.
Yet he whined about four cabinet members that need to be confirmed
Bannon hasn't given him the list of names yet.

Not to 45! You in power HAVE to impeach that monster!! I hate to see where I will be in a year.
Why don't you demorats get out of his way. Let him succeed or fail on his own. You stall everything he try's. You are the problem.
Most presidents take a few months to name everyone to their administration. Over 1000 appointees. Stop exploiting this
I am concerned about the lack of noms throughout gov under this admin. When do we start to look at it as a consolidation of power?
@foundin77 not when you don't understand the job
@IDMIdray No, because he'll just make illegal business deals that may or may not make us safer but who cares bc rich get richer
hey @realDonaldTrump every time u speak of ur appointees not confirmed yet think about this!
Why?  Russia & China won't attack as long as he has the reins.  In cahoots.
Problem is his choices are always scary people.What is one too do?
his national security priority r his businesses resit that fucker and get the GOP to resist him 2. Y'all are going wussy on trump
would have been done if they could have been tweeted out
no it is not bullshit is his highest priority
Of course not. The priority is to give the top 2% $280 BILLION in tax cuts and strip the rest of us of our dignity.
"evidently" not. That was just talk...
not since Jan 20, 2017
DUMP TRUMP....
are you guys (dems) that eager to hold up progress? Would it really matter if he submitted names? Cabinet seats are still empty.
no not Nat. Sec.  It's more important to deflect from the real issues right now. #Conmantrump #ineptPOTUS
@VetsForObama To ALL of us EXCEPT him
thank you. I am proud to call you my Senator. Keep up the great job.
shush Tim. Nobody believes you give a darn about national security. mister open borders.
hasn’t he outsourced that to Putin?
Do you think that it is the destruction of the administrative state?   Get rid of the different departments.   Less cks & balance
Apparently NOT. Only building the wall is priority. Budget cuts for TSA, Coast Guard and FEMA to fund the wall. SAAAADDDD!!
Trump would rather destroy America then do anything to help it. Look @ his cabinet choices.
@LINDA_BETZ Maybe they meant Russia's national security... 
lining his pockets is the only thing he cares about & the American people are allowing him to rob the country blind
lining their pockets is their only concern.
get those tax returns. Keep fighting for fair healthcare. Call out the racists.
goal is to destroy Gov't. Read The Wrecking Crew by Thomas Franks
Creeps like you have been stalling his cabinet nominees, so why are you complaining?
because if trumpy don't nominate them, we can't stall em. .
@POTUS probably said "it's important" but as @PressSec said, you can take him seriously unless he is joking....
Obstruction going on in Senate  #TermLimits with your pals Chuckie, Luz and Nan. Please retire.
Not to 45
apparently all he needs to do is order a bunch of microwaves
(why do you think the pressure is on for the wall? /snark)
.@timkaine The fewer people advising him what to do, the happier Trump is. Paranoid Narcissists are like that.
It was, but Trump knows more than the Generals so he can save bigly by being the brains. Handover the keys now.
apparently not but Trump will not miss his weekend tee time.
you would think
Im sure him and Putin are working to fill vacancys.
When is seal team 6 gonna storm the white house and bring a criminal to justice ?
Not if your trying to control every aspect
they think they've got it covered with Bannon!  So terrifying and wrong
National security will be a priority once he figures out how to divert the money to trump inc.
he doesn't want to fill Executive I - V positions
not as important as your son inciting riots
Smaller government is a priority.
I think Pres Bannon would say he's got it all under control. #sithlord
I guess not. He's just worried about President Obama tapping his precious gold tower. I really despise *45.
You spent more than 20 years in politics yet were on a ticket that lost to @realDonaldTrump. How'd you manage that? Your thoughts?
No. Trump & cronies r his only priority. Wake up. #Corruption. #FollowTheMoney
Maybe they know this administration isn't likely to be around much longer.  We can hope.
