As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do, facts pertaining....
We have a very dangerous, unstable man in the Oval Office. He loves to boast & look important, and he has zero impulse control.
His knowledge of the Constitution wouldn't be enough to pass a US citizenship test.
So let's make a citizenship test a requirement for all candidates!  ...and all voters.  You go first.
I'm down! I studied constitutional law and passed the bar exam. You?
I supported & defended the constitution for 25 years. It's not just a field of study or a test to me. It's something I risked my life for.
... and you suggested the test, remember?
no, I believe you suggested the test.
His knowledge of the Constitution wouldn't be enough to pass a US citizenship test.
Perhaps you need a remedial English class. I said Trump couldn't pass a test. You said: let's make it a requirement for candidates & voters
Oh BULL SKATA Timmy and you know it. Why you will be out of office in 2018!! Go Laura Ingraham!!!
Yet we spent years on the idea that Hillary MAY have leaked classified info!?!? Fucking GOP Hypocrisy is insane.
Awesome! Just let me know which classified secret was passed along. I'll wait....
So you can't name the classified secret? Seems like a key piece of info when condemning someone as "crook ass" eh teach?
That makes zero sense at all. Stop fighting with people on twitter, get out of your bubble and go learn something. Start with grammar.
There's got to be something we can do please tell us . I call I scream I yell to everyone but still he sits in office
Actually he didn't your lying just like @HillaryClinton no wonder she wanted you as a VP
"The story that came out tonight is false," NSA Director McMaster says tonight. "I was in the room it didn't happen." 
@jeffzeleny Are u writing from Russia? How much do they pay?
Funny how Democrats supported @HillaryClinton the woman who gave Russia US Uranium 
You know the material they make Nukes with Sweetheart
I know better than the crap u sell BUTTERCUP. Hillary was good 4  the USA
You have to be a Millennial to believe that 
Clintons only ever cared about themselves going to back to when they 1st started Politics
Tyranny may soon lead to anarchy - because apparently that's legal now. It appears as though just about ANYTHING is legal if you are WEALTHY
Oh come on!
@realDonaldTrump needs to go.  Liar who is making us less safe #take him down
I wish our system allowed for a vote of no confidence.
They obviously can't or they would.  Lol.
@MaxBoot @realDonaldTrump American taxpayers PAY for intelligence gathering. That is the property of America he is giving away.
Does the reply from President Trump freely admit he shared classified information?!
Where are the facts
I wish you could cared as much for your piece of shit son who is in and out of jail. You lost. You lost to this guy. You and Hillary lost
Now that Chaffetz is 'firing off' emails to Comey - Can he include one to Trump to turn ovr his tax returns with the same deadline?
To be fair, @realDonaldTrump probably didn't know what adversary meant! #Resistance
And @realDonaldTrump's Russian friends probably immediately cabled all the deets to Iran.
no new FBI until special prosecutor.  Don't let McConnell bully you
Equally applies to #chelseamanning , of course...
You're a partisan fraud and hack- didn't say shit when obama did same and worse- you're a fraud
@realDonaldTrump Senator, DO something. Impeach him.
We are not safe with this idiot in the WH! Urging you to lead the way toward impeachment.
Inexcusable isn't the right word, treason, is better..says he has the" absolute right to do". Morally, not absolutely not
no he doesn't..Not a president. A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT
Do something!!!

What about selling missile technology to china?!   Wait that was the #clintons.
He may have the "right" to declassify material & share, but doesn't make it a good decision!!!!
so are you going after NYT - they shared it with the world
You are an embarrassment to all Virginians. Go home Carpetbagger
You seem to forget that the woman most of us voted for got 3 improperly marked scheduling emails. Now THAT was news, 1 1/2 years worth...
The problem is that we are engaging on different sides in Syria so we are technically at war with Russia.
If it weren't for the pictures
29,999 more times and he will catch up with Hillary. I'm going to say to Kaine what he wife says: Shut up Tim!
Brain farts r us  thats your Crump Cake
Do something about it!
You have to help end this daily charade  of trump tragedy and help restore democracy to our country democrats have to get their ass in gear
Their trying, but GOP outnumbers them! We need to fight in 2016 to get seats back. GOP is blocking investigations. Any idea?
Yes to try and win some seats back ..Persistence -call senators- representatives -petitions
Yes, I've been doing just that! Have you?
Yes!
Thank you. Your statement above had confused me. That's why I asked. Democrats are doing their best, with what they have w/seats.
Yes that's ok the conversations csn go off track easily 
May not b against Law (who would have anticipated?!?), but in violation of oath of office. Clear & present danger. 
Then fix law!!
Inexcusable 
Obstruction of Justice-Incoherence-IMPEACH NOW!!!
This is frightening! I hope witness protection is offered to those who can blow the whistle. This admin  likes to copy Russian tactics.
But yet #congress continues to allow him to do #inexcusableshit #withoutconsequences. Dump #traitortrump @realDonaldTrump @VP @POTUS
Liberals are mentally disturbed.
@Nataya in other words..for a Trump meeting it was business as (incompetent) as usual & went very well (at least for the Russians)
Unfortunately this is just another instance of an avalanche of inexcusable acts by this administration! #impeachnow!
Don't whine.  Lead.  NOW.  The world is watching.
New scandal - Comey documented a discussion w/Trump after he asked everyone to leave the room (including VP Pence).  "lay off Fynn"
#lockHIMup
PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS!!!
POTUS should just have emailed it. Then you would be okay with it. Get over it. You and your running mate were flawed candidates and LOST
He did no such thing pal! Get ur story straight before you start running ur mouth! Hillary shared classified info with too many ppl to count
You were the loser running mate to Hillary Clinton.  She truly had NO regard for our national security or safety, but you didn't care.
Any way we can get you and Hill in there due to electorate/election tampering? Put you two on default settings?
@realDonaldTrump Yes, sir. Yes it is. He's incompetent.
Mr kaine You and the Democrat  should be charged For promoting fake news you should be thrown out together with the rest of Washington swamp
Do something about it SENATOR!
The time is now to get something going with this! What are we paying you guys for? Do something! We are tired of carrying the load out here.
Can you see Robert and Jack Kennedy rolling their graves now ,They did not save us for traitor Trump to sell us out
Way to fearmonger.   Pathetic from a Senator.  Shannon.  Can't wait to vote you out.
Not so sure about that.  Obama, Biden and Clinton did that very thing on a regular basis.  Heard crickets from you and Dems. Hipocrits.
Actions speaks louder then words...
Trumps ass is being covered by his party and nothings going to get done. Trump knows this already. Are you going to wait until its too late?
I would say it's impeachable. So do it!!!
Bwhahahaha...Tim who?
You are an absolute MORON!!!!
Sen Kaine~ Pls read Adam Khans twitter sire Also Scott Dworkin. Lots of money exchanging you might not know about.
McConnell says it's ok guess that $2M McConnell took from the Russian buss. guy during the election is paying off for Putin.
Hang him for being a Treasonous Traitor!!!
Please (!!!!!!) impeach this man!!!!
Impeach his ass!!!Now!!!
@realDonaldTrump shut up timmy! everybody knows you wasn't there so spread ur inept fake news.
This doofus has to go!!!
Trump is the leak that way it keeps him in the news, change the codes to the NUKES, don't give the code to DT Russia will get them then

Republicans added amendment to NDAA in 2011 to  prevent Obama from giving Intel to Russia (which he had no intention to do). Trump did it
True.  So, will you #withholdconsent until something is done about #TrumpRussia?
Shouldn't b throwing pebbles when ur living in an artisan blown glass yurt
And what's the excuse for you and all your hatred and besides you're even in the room to listen you're making up stories.
Just remembered that I have the right to drink beer and eat m&ms all day but I choose to feed and house my child.
Source please?  Tell us who your source is?  Tell us who determined the information was classified and leaked it to the media . . .
You need to start need to get in touch with @HouseDemocrats and start the impeachment process! 48% think #potus should be.
Senator what are you and Congress going to do,are you waiting for a presidential catastrophe or WW lll. Too many investigations.
#ImpeachTrumpPence
Pretty scary thinking about Trump abroad meeting with other leaders, hope he takes a babysitter to keep him under control or tape his mouth.
Impeach
What an idiot
Showing your total ignorance, and ignoring the actual facts.  What else would we expect from a loser like you.
Smh...
It's hard to believe that we have checks and balances when the swirl of controversy continues on every single day.
Does anything matter anymore? If the shoe was on the other foot and this was Hillary, we wouldn't be hearing the end of it. Unbelievable
When is the @GOP going to do anything to stop him?  He is a loose cannon and doesnt know what he is doing!  He needs leadership!
WOW U ARE INDEED IGNORANT TOTALLY SHOULD NOT B IN THAT POSITION
Isn't this an act of Espionage?
It was only open to the Russian Press not the US press! Why? No excuse for this!!
Unfortunate for us calling him out on social media is doing nothing. Time for some action
TRUMP USES INFORMATION TO NEGOTIATE & DEMOCRATS LEAKS CLASSIFIED TO PRESS WITH THEIR MONSTER SPY NETWORK
He's a traitor and a schill for Russia and needs to resign or be impeached.
Where are the articles of impeachment?
But he just wanted to share, like PTA parents. A recipe here, a child care tip there, family photos, and maybe a little top secret intel.
Glad you're outraged on Twitter, but what will Senate & House do about it?
Proud of stance as my elected senator.Let's get #impeachment started before the entire govt is destroyed & intrntl standing further damaged
You do not have the right, 45, in the manner in which you shared. Absolutely inexcusable! You don't get to go rogue with intel!
Surely your joking after being pant suit holder for biggest classified disperser of all time #dts
Yes @realDonaldTrump bcause we ALL know Russia has the USA best interests at heart, always have
@realDonaldTrump stop grandstanding and let trump do what u.s.voted for him to do. Judge him after 4 years. U r already against be
that means you think your running mate did the inexcusable as well then?
.@HillaryClinton shared uranium with our adversary at the likely expense of our allies & defense community. Inexcusable.
And now you and all @TheDemocrats need to oppose EVERYTHING this traitor does, tries, or proposes till he's in jail
@timkaine  PLEASE  make sure congress knows just how frightened we are of  this utter breakdown of reason!
Did I hear correctly, that the president might not even know how classified the information was that he shared. Scary communication from WH!
He loves the Enemy
More fake news out of the mouth of Tim Kaine.
Impeach him tim start the progress
Stop your propaganda- support our president!
Article 25 section 4 of the constitution tells you what to do !
@realDonaldTrump   If it was a "wholly appropriate" conversation than it wasn't a leak.
It's time for congress as a WHOLE come together and protect us from unfit trump!
Senator..as one of your constituent in the commonwealth, its time you put up a lot stronger than " inexcusable."
Because he's president he's done some bonehead stupid stuff
Is this enough for  impeachment and President Trump thinks he doesn't have to listen to people he can do what he wants
"Inexcusable"?  How about dispensing with gentility and calling this what it is?  Idiotic - treasonous - disastrous.  GET REAL ALREADY!
Do you really plan to do something about it or just tweet??
Exactly.  I don't really see Dems anymore.  They seem to just be kicking back.
What in the heck is the matter with the president you just don't do that that's common sense and if you're not sure you should ask someone
@realDonaldTrump chips away at our democracy piece by piece. The Repulicans must stand up to him and not be afraid of his threats.
Please. Please. Please. Do something!
...and what are you doing about it!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!  We elect congress to keep exec in check.  Get to work!  (And TY for your service)
did @KellyannePolls write this tweet?
Maybe not *his* adversary... which speaks volumes
So what is the Senate planning to do about this Sen. Kaine?
Mr Senator, with all due Respect how many more times can this fake POTUS abuse authority and go Against what WE ARE! Without Repurcussions?
He is virtually an unregistered foreign agent. He gave info because he's indebted. #impeach
Unbelievable!!
Enough talk! Do something!
Oh how I wish you were our VP right now.
Could you please start the impeachment process?
"open" meeting that our press were banned from - and the only way we knew Kisylak was there was from Russian news? Uh, nope.
Lock who up?
The man is truly a moron and unfit to be the leader of our country. He's destroying all of our cherished liberties.
It just shows that he cares more about Russia than us. He is putting us ALL at risk.
Please. The man must be removed from office. He is dangerously out of control.
I voted for you to be VP of USA. Could you please come out more strongly than this?! @TheDemocrats need to call for immediate Impeachment!
#LeaveHimAlone @realDonaldTrump
And the @HouseGOP @SenateGOP do NOTHING.
Get the traitor out now. Hasn't he done enough damage to our Democracy! Get all his cronies out of our WH and do it soon! #impeach
God help us before it's too late
After Donny disrespected the CIA in front of their wall of honor,it was said "amazing that he has no understanding of the world around him"!
How can he say he has the right to do that? Why were American reporters not allowed? Sounds too fishy. He's a compulsive liar.
Surely there are 1 or 2 Repub members not on the dole that can work with Dems and end this farce.
@realDonaldTrump traitor and puppet to putin #impeachtrump #Trumprussia #resist
Then do something Tim! The GOP would be crying bloody murder if Obama did anything even close to this. You guys are too nice!
Everything he's done is inexcusable, so what are you guys going to do about it?  Are y'all more afraid of pence than trump? That's my guess
At least he got Russian funding for his golf courses in exchange for selling America's soul
Were you there Senator?  How do you know?  WaPo?  NYT? Being a political hack last fall cost you  - what did you learn from that?  Not much
Do something, please!
He won't do anything cause there is nothing there. Funny how daily work becomes #BreakingNews
Sen, love you and all, but WHEN. WILL. YOU. STOP. TALKING. ABOUT. IT. AND. START. DOING. SOMETHING? Please!
Ahh! Timmy, your buddy Hillary should be rotting in prison today for her mishandling of intel and I pray that case is re-opened!  Lies!lies!
Keep fighting for us and speaking the truth
And yet, he will is allowed 2 go overseas on a trip 2 meet w/other countries.Trump is a loose canon & he cannot B trusted. Stop the madness!
This is why you should join @SenSchumer in insisting that nothing be done until a special prosecutor is appointed. We need your help!
People can die.  Also no legit intel source will share anything with us now because they cannot Trust Trump
Did he have an unsecured illegal server Senator Timmy
DJT likes to run his mouth & tries to make himself seem important (go figure), it's Sad but he shouldn't be trusted with ANY information.
Keep in mind.....Kislyak's attendance wasn't SUPPOSED to be PUBLIC. Thanks, TASS! NO WONDER our CORRUPT @WhiteHouse hides visitor logs.
Request to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump for political asylum for #GE whistleblower Seema Sapra @CPDelhi @FBI #corpgov http://seemasapra.blogspot.in/2017/05/fwd-message-to-us-president-donald.html …
This was a gift to our adversaries! What's it gonna take to get him impeached? My god!!!
how can anyone trust this delusional fool, this action borders on being a traitor to our country..he just wanted to brag...odious man
Anybody other than America's enemies think that's a good idea? Anyone at all? #trumpMustGo
You shared a ticket with a doddering confused old lady who stored classified information on a server in her basement. Inexcusable.
Impeach trump!
#impeachTrumpnow #ImpeachTrumpPence
He needs to go. Please do something.
He's working for Putin. Everything indicates it.
Dear God Tim, please help to elect the Dems win in GA and Montana
Yes, but what is going to be done about this?  What more does the moron need to do to put us in jeopardy before he is removed?
The 'schedule' was the only thing open about this meeting. Unless you were Russia media of course. Kysliak was a surprise though 
2/ Same people who savaged HRC for emails. Same people who chanted "Lock her up!"
1/ So cowardly & un-American for Republicans to hide behind closed doors with sealed lips when DT is out there destroying our country
Sir, #Congress MUST act to halt this egregious and reckless abuse of authority and defend our #Constitution as sworn. #withyou
Senator,  get house to impeach. Our country is at stake
