Getting govt  completely the eff out of healthcare will bring everyone's costs down.
how does a free market solve healthcare? What's the value of a life saving drug?
People want healthcare. People in healthcare want to give healthcare to the people who want it. SImple.
Health care & health insurance. not the same. Insurance works by taking in $ and paying out as little as possible.
Exactly. And, before the 1965 SocSec Act, we didn't need health insurance. It drove prices through the roof.
but now that we have these giant insurance companies who aren't going anywhere, how does free market solve it
Simple. Doctors make deals directly with their patients, skip the companies altogether.
Yeah, I work in health care. That doesn't work. Providers trying to do cash practices rarely can maintain that.
Just a way too make it harder to get reinsured after losing a job and making tough choices, like dropping Healthcare
GOP cares nothing abt you. My spouse's job leaving in Aug. Will he be able to get insurance?
FYI, gas has gone up $.40 since the election, hurting the poor the most. That's the Republican way, "Greed First, Americans Last."
Gas was as high as 5 bucks a gallon under Democrats way so shut up.
WRONG...here gas was highest in last 15 years under Bush $4.50.
Like Trmp are you a fake Christian full of greed & hate?
you can tell wrong all you want. I drive every day and I buy fuel every day. Under Obama gas was as high as 5 bucks a gallon
Memories play tricks on us.
Yes, my bad. Gas prices hit $4 a gallon under Obama. Fuel hit $5 gallon in 2001 but supposedly this has stations
CORRECTION - *those gas..... Not this has.
I've had insurance for 39+ years rarely used.  Need it now to live and a 30% surcharge is unfair!
Young people in the pool don't need what they are selling and it should have land on their  backs to support everyone!
like the "26 yr old kids" on their parents insurance?
but young people weren't buying Obamacare either.
Maybe the older generation doesn't want to pay for your son's riot injuries.
why did my costs sky rocket
They aren't going to buy a rip off policy.
Parenting fail Tim.  Look on the other side of the aisle for how to raise a child.
WTO GATS of course - because GOP deregulatory changes lock in because of "progressive liberalisation" #AHCA  #Trumpcare
I don't like giving money to private insurance companies who work to not pay healthcare expenses.
young people can't afford or are being subsidized by taxpayer
worse - Trumpcare has fee paid to a Big Wealthy Insurance Co. C.E.O. Bank account- not the tax payers, funding these tax breaks.
False. The health insurance pool isn't scalar like other risk pools. Adding people causes a simple additive increase in cost.
What about your young person?  If true Shameful. Never catch Potus' kids rioting.
Tim Kaine’s son arrested in riot at Trump protest http://www.theblaze.com/news/2017/03/08/tim-kaines-son-arrested-in-riot-at-trump-protest/ …
there are no young people in the pool. That's one of the problems.
the millennial penalty is having a son arrested for felony rioting! Nice job raising a felon! You can't fake good kids#felonkid
It's a giant bone thrown to the insurance company dogs
is this why you're family is attacking innocent people with smoke bombs and fireworks??
you really prove your ignorance every time you speak you progressive hypocrite
Yeah because Obamacare was so great.  Trying to fix an epic Socialist failure.
Or a poverty surcharge
why are Democrat leaders so old trying to scare young people.
It's a gift to insurance companies. Permission to gauge!
Great stuff @timkaine. Reply to yourself to create a thread so we can share the whole train o' thought. 
Anti-Social Security, anti-Medicare. anti-minimum wage, anti-ObamaCare(ACA)--it's in the GOP DNA.
It is actually a bigger penalty on the poor who will struggle to keep payments up.
the only purpose seems to be putting more money in the pockets of the insurance companies.
of course it is. Paul Ryan's biggest backer? Northwestern Mutual Insurance and Investment - win for them and Paul.
Trump blames poor for not having wealthy parents
@DebBroadwater That was the purpose of mandated insurance. It drove the cost down
more lies from the Crooked lying politician little timmy
@indivisibleVA05 It seems like usery, like the credit card companies somehow influenced this part of the policy.
The Dems have got to break this down so people understand what the plan will do.  Communicate well and we will protest like crazy.
They've never been in business. Steep penalty to prevent lapses always decreases - not maintain - rolls. Life happens
to increase profit for insurers...
All GOP policies for last 20 yrs make sense if you figure main aim is enriching corporate donors at expense of American people.
which benefits insurers
My son is in his 20's.  You know what they'll do? GO WITHOUT INS and we are right back to where we were.  Unnecessarily in the ER.
he should've helped Hillary more!
just think if the Dems had a strong POTUS candidate You wouldn't have this concern
should've helped Hillary more!
That's good. Millennials need to be penalized for being the dirt worst generation. Thankfully I'm a Millennial in name only (MINO)
???  Who said that? We hv right 2 life. Food water hsg clothing & health necessary 4ife. U R "I'ma get mine"?
It's a compromise for pre-existing condition and lack of mandate. It's all good.
it's a poor penalty. If you can't afford it and it lapses then you're hit with that penalty for not affording to keep it active.
why do you whine. You have the best. All of you think you are high and mighty. Can't stand you
Need to educate Millenials so they don't fall into trap! Teach them to step up, be proactive!  Knowledge is power!
http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-obamacare-ceos-20170307-story.html …
But charges a fee for anyone having a lapse in their policies. Expensive, you can't keep up, it falters. Cost to reinstate 30%more
Cool, so can we count on your support to get rid of age rating regulations?
so glad you are not In the Whitehouse
So you don't just go buy it when you have an issue. #dummy
& most companies usually don't provide insurance for 90 days. But the AHCA would penalize you 30% after 60 days of no coverage.
because they put this appalling piece of legislation together in 10" my 13 yr old granddaughter could have done a better job!!!
you like young boys in the pool don't ya
.@timkaine Sit quietly and wait until we're ready to charge you with treason please.
Their frigin stupid Tim
a payment straight to the insurance companies for it too.
Exactly. Penalty doesn't go back to the government like the mandate penalty did. The insurance companies get bonus!
