Mick Mulvaney: No other votes in the Senate, until it votes again to repeal Obamacare http://politi.co/2tQeDKd  
Senate Democrats and Republicans have already rejected three versions of ACA repeal because it would harm millions of people
The next step is not more partisan #TrumpCare bills! We must work together to find bipartisan solutions to lower costs & improve care
The White House shouldn’t try to shut down the Senate when we have other work to do. Budget, FBI Director & defense bill to name a few
They never make any sense..
Not because you have your own health care system as Senator! It is ok not to fix rising cost of Obamacare! Shame!!!
Why don't you practice what you preach Kaine.. people like you make more Republicans
Timmy, neither does the DEMOCRATS position of not voting for any GOP legislation in the Senate or casting all NO VOTES!! U R The problem!!
Democrats the party of NO
Oyyyyy vay
The GOP are out of their minds. I cried and cried the morning Obamacare was saved I was so relieved. Now here we go again-- awful people
You got your vote. You lost. Time to move on!
Yet the WH has the audacity to point fingers at others and call them obstructionists.
These guys believe they can dictate Congress and SC. Dangerous for America

No White House position makes any sense. Total incompetents in office and appointed. All liars.
Hostage holding doesn't work!!! 
Great obstructed Congress for 8 years so little got done 2 help the ppl besides the ACA & financial crisis averted. Now they want 2 lame
Duck 3.5 years because they wasted 7 years not negotiating ACA with DEMS 2 fix it. No $ 4 infrastructure or increase 2 minimum wage!
The average American is sick & tired of the inaction of Congress, largely caused by GOP & here we go again. BIGLY SAD!
Correct. Not much coming out of the White House does....Thank you for challenging this. Makes no sense
News flash: current administration is unfamiliar  with how the administration is actually supposed to work!
Sounds like Trump holding Senate Hostage.
Why would the Senate listen to him?!
When are we going push the fact that Republicans are breaking the law by not funding the ACA? It is the LAW of the land.
This entire fiasco makes no sense
Congress needs to get back on track and do the job they were elected to do.
WTH is wrong with these people? My parents have been stressed to the max because of this crap! Somebody on R side better stand up #SAD
Why are we paying these people ?!?!?!!
@politico time for WH police to start passing out straight jackets
@Potus has hijacked democracy
Does that include votes on nominations?
What the? That makes no sense!
Oh, so now Trump will double down on trying to coerce Congress to do his bidding. I'm sure that will work.
ROFL! So who is in charge of Congress? We R!
@realDonaldTrump Yes. This is an opportunity for bipartisan participation.
I am so humiliated as an American at the level of these shenanigans.
With Better Deal", Dems should talk up the Affordable Care Act!Mr Obama doesn't seem to NEED his name on stuff for ego
@MickMulvaneyOMB  So u stop everything to please the sore loser of baby! U shouldn't be serving at all
The most unqualified people to ever hold office!
Trump makes no sense
Nothing will ever be solved because trump administration treats our government like temporary guests in their hotels - full of bugs
Bullying! Only position that makes sense, Impeachment now!
lol @realDonaldTrump and the pubbies are having a temper tantrum. Should make Trump a deal, pass a new health bill if he resigns & takes @VP
Nor did your campaign.
Exactly. You and your colleagues decide what the Senate votes on.
He really can't order that. You are equals.
When you are a child, you think like a child. You guys go ahead and vote. It is your job. Trump can eat ice cream.
What Would Jesus Do?  Certainly not what Mick Mulvaney suggests.
Wait.. doesn't the Senate get to decide? #SeparationofPowers
Well, that's a great way to get shit done. Brilliant...NOT!!!
Mulvaney r the Republicans so desperate 4 a WIN to appease Trump that u r OK with killing millions of Americans.  What about the oath u took
You were surprised?
Doesn't seem like a break from the health care wars is a bad idea. Solutions need to be found but in current climate good ones seem unlikely
Same stuff from the republicans can't get their stuff through so they won't get anything done.
Does anyone in the Trump admin understand how the government functions?
Or is supposed to function.
They must have missed the School House Rock episode on the separation of powers
The Senate and House don't work for the president, they work for We The People. Someone needs to give him a civics lesson. #equalbranchofgov
Love how they are telling the senate what they have to do
Hillary jokingly chose you to be her "Dan Quayle" a sit down and shut type of VP made absolutely no sense
Nothing from this administration is sensible. A lot of big talk but zero connection to real people.
Ridiculous bullying!
Since when is WH in charge of congress?
White House is continuing to cause instability in the marketplace, which Insurers cite as THE major reason Obamacare is failing. #Sabotage !
Here's a cool way to get a bill to pass...call me old school, but work together in committee with hearings.
It will turn a lame duck into a dead duck
This little pissant is just talking out his ass.
.@timkaine
Yeah, the strategy of trying to rush out legislation to meet arbitrary deadlines has worked "great" so far!
Where is Mitchie???
I didn't know the WH had the authority to stop Congressional voting.
It's sad that the potus doesn't even have a basic understanding of how the government works.
These clues have forgotten that they are working for us, the American people!
So is it the policy of the WH to not do anything until they get what they want despite that the American people want differently?
He's one of those congressmen that came in during Pres Obama and has not passed any legislation. They have no idea how govt works.
Bullshit
That's the Republican way..they make no sense. Complete idiots
WHAT?!?!!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump um, was there a time when what the republican president said did make sense?
When ALL you sorry ass politicians are on OBAMACARE instead of PRIVATE plans we will see how long it will take you to pass NEW health bill!!
Senator Kaine and his colleagues were sent to Washington to run our government-horrible that President doesn't understand this
Since when does Mulvaney have the authority to dictate what the Senate must do?
Please run for president
Uh, since when does the president dictate when Congress can vote?
Dems must get off their butts & review Hillary's plans to fix ACA problems. Make a plan & push it. Stand up & show real leadership.
Senator, if you just start calling it TrumpCare, he'll love the ACA and work to prop it up!
@POTUS: "Nobody plays unless I win." Even my 3 yo knows that's bratty.
Hmmm sounds like they are refusing to work on something that actually helps us with the democrats
Please get the House moving toward Impeachment...any help you can give
This is a Putin mandate to stall our great country from moving forward!
Well nothing really makes sense in WH today.
The WH can take any position they want. The senate should   do their job regardless.
Last time I looked The Senate was a different branch of government than the White House.
Why would the Trump WH suddenly start making sense?
The whole situation makes no sense
This is exactly what the Repubs dissed the Democrats for doing. So it's okay now?
Good gosh, they've been trying for over 7 years and have come up w/nothing!  Now more obstruction?!  When will this madness end?!
It's Mulvaney.  What did you expect?
That is just total nonsense, it's because he's too lazy to do any work
NONE of this makes any sense!!
WH thinks we are here to do their bidding when in fact the exact opposite is true.
Pathetic WH position!  Trump cares only for his image, not for the American people.  Pathetic excuse for a president.
Problem with President Trump he has no clue how the Senate and the house run
Hey if he doesn't want to get anything done..fine. Nothing gets done and he can take a hike! Just wait for next elections 
Pres is a nasty spiteful bastard.  So unhappy he represents America...
Besides which, they can't really dictate that, can they
Tell me what makes sense in Trump Nation?
The WH cannot tell the legislative branch what to do. Its in the constitution, right?  Stand up,  Senator!
They don't get to tell you what to do.  That whole checks and balances thingy...
It is still the peoples Senate, right?  WH bullies!
This is a disgrace to our democracy and the American people . Need to get this president out he is ruining our country & citizens
Their panicked desire to win will kill people. Shows who they are and how they don't care about the people at all. Vote them out!
Idiots @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump
I wonder does fake @potus Trumpus know that what the congress does or doesn't do is in no way, shape, or form, up to him 
I didn't know the WH got to determine the Senate's agenda.
Right with you, Sen. Kaine. Like many other things from this chaotic admin. Is it like cutting off your nose to spite your face?
That's easy. You thought the last congress was "do nothing"
Are we great again yet?
#ImranAwan
Make all the sense in the world. You clowns need to do your job. The ACA is dead. Democrats own it. Republican's better keep their promise.
The entire White House makes no sense.
Obstruction makes no sense either
Because POTUS is an idiot who is a bully and throws out empty threats
It makes sense to us we the people .. jack ass
The White House doesn't control Congress.  Read the Constitution and ignore his ignorance.  Go back to appropriate process and do your job.
Care Act in place until the Senate can get together on both sides and fix our current health care act
If a bill has failed three times in the past few months, voting on again makes even less sense.
Unfortunately, that's too typical of the Fake President's "administration" if one can call it that. Thank you for your good work, Senator.
It's not up to the White House to decide this.
The fact is the Republicans didn't get it done the right way so now move on work on this later in the white house needs to keep the health
@politico smh..wh and rep senate acting like 6 yr olds with behavioral problems. Maybe they need a timeout....permanent timeout.
I didn't realize @realDonaldTrump was in charge of congress.

Why bother? half the Senate is illegitimate bc of fake elections.
Color me confused, when did Mulvaney become Sen Maj leader? Isn't he busy taking money away to hurt the most vulnerable?
Do they have some book that always tells them the stupidest things to say, and the dumbest things to do? You can't make this shit up
We need our Senators R's & D's to stand together & hang on to control of Senate chamber. --VP controls tie breaker not Absolute control of.
Trump doesn't set the agenda in either houses of Congress. Although he does seem to control the speakers of both houses.
#Ryan & #McConnell are complicit! They do NOT have the backs of #WeThePeople!
#crook
"That makes no sense" is precisely the correct response. This country is relying on DC for LOTS of things & health care suspended too much!
The WH can't order Congress to do anything. They are separate branches of govt each designed to check and balance one another.
Trump is all about maintaining disruption. Putin will punish Trump if he doesn't keep up the disruption.
so essentially he wants the Senate to cease to exist until Mulvaney gets what he wants?
Yes it does. Should have been REPEALED by now
Of course it doesnt. It's not about Americans; it's about them..and a sick distortion on "winning". I dont think the WH controls the Senate?
I've quickly adopted a "consider the source" attitude when seeing quotes from anyone in this administration.
Civics 101:  If I remember correctly, the Constitution doesn't give the president the power to tell Congress what it can and can't vote on
So the liar-in-chief and his minions think they can tell an equal branch of government what it can do?  #Fascism
You can keep your doctor keep your hospital. Oh and shovel ready projects and his genius thought we are too stupid to notice O was lying
No one benefits from this! Either millions lose health care or no progress will be made for this nation
The Constitution set up 3 equal checks and balances in the Federal government. WH can't stop Congress.
@SenateGOP time to take a stand against #trump! He is not a dictator, though he wants to be!!!
Daddy Donny is throwing a tantrum and think's he's on 5th Avenue, not Pennsylvania Avenue.
there's a separation of powers for a reason. the wh has no say in this, so, um, just ignore him?
Since when does a trump idiot control our senate and tell them what to do?
Still happy with him, Republicans?
Ohhhh yeah they are blindly following their idiot no matter what
Yeah, Like White House gets to make that decision. Do they even have any idea how government works? No of course not. He's a game show host.
Makes no sense: the Trump year.
#IdiotInChief is the guy who takes every possible side of an issue, then later claims that he was right.
Sounds like business as usual.
So.. another bullying tactic
And the definition of insanity?
Banging your head against the same wall over & over expecting the wall to move.
How do they get the idea they can do that?!
This guy is obsessed
taking away exemptions for congressional staff is something that should have never been allowed.
AMERICA REPLY: NO NEW BILL UNTIL TRUMP & GOP IS OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE & CAPITOL HILL!!!!!!!!!!!
What legal status does the WH have for that statement ?
Pretty sure the Senate can vote regardless of what the White House thinks.
How can anyone stand behind Trump is beyond me, & the fact that he's getting away with insane issues is unjust. Impeach Trump Now America!
What the fudge?
What has Trump administration done anything so far that has made any sense? #ChaosPresident
Just tell him " coffee's for closers, Shelley"...
creating an unhung jury
Continue obstruction, GOP?
its to pressure the GOP holdouts by threat of debt ceiling and then blaming them.

Never has something fit in so well they totally should use this for all of the WH crap
It makes sense when you understand Mick Mulvaney is evil.
The GOP makes no sense. They are unfit to govern.
Nothing makes sense anymore
Is @SenMajLdr even planning on bringing anything up for a vote before the recess?
Trump's Razor - always assume the stupidest reason for anything he does.
At least if there is no votes, the Republicans can't screw up things further.
Then I guess the Senare needs to take a stand and not move on nominees.
Someone needs to tell Trump that he isn't a dictator and he can't be bullying the Senate around.
Now who is playing obstructionist?!
When did we change from a democracy to a dictatorship?
January of this year
Which is why it came out of this White House.  I'd rather see "No Senate votes on anything that funds @realDonaldTrump's stupid wall.".
Haven't the people already spoken through their representative government? 
This is clearly the definition of insanity
Nor does Congress need to comply.
Fulfilling promises wouldn't make sense to you...doesn't shock me.
Thr Whitehouse is a joke right now
Personally, I think it's a good idea given the circumstances.
