Oh cute Tim ...u still believe @GOP wants Care ...every1 knows they would repeal - no replacement if they could & have no problem passing it
Wtf are you talking about ??? They need the repeal and replace cover .. repeal and fuck you doesn't play well even this their dirt dumb base
And yet you JUST SAID they want repeal only. So you're admitting you're a liar?
Typical leftist liar. Caught red handed and try to deny it. You guys learned well from old Bill.
Typical RWNJ unable 2 understand what they read ..twist all u want Asshat-not my HC in jeopardy becuz there is a group of morons in charge
Yeah right can U get them to apologize 4 birtherism the obstruction of Obama, stop gerrymandering & change oppressive laws 4 peeps of color?
Oh, for God's sake.  Stop the crap about Obama,  birtherism and oppressive for "peeps" of color.  That is the problem today.
You're the problem people of color deserve respect, equality & justice we R Americans too of course your white priveledge can't see that.
I see it, I see it. White privilege??  I am chastised because I was born white??  I think EVERYBODY should be respected!!
No but being CHASTISED 4 being black is the point. I dare U to  wear a black lives matter shirt & see what happens. Agreed ALL lives matter
I would never wear a BLM shirt.Nobody matters more than anyone else!!  BLM perpetrated Pigs in a blanket! Fry em like bacon.
If we all matter the same why are we the ones oppressed? it is apparent to me u R ok with cops shooting unarmed blacks. You are DEPLORABLE.
oppression???? Where? If you want to see oppression go to Iran, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Africa (islam controlled), north Korea, Vietnam...
I'll call my senator, @LindseyGrahamSC and ask him to try bi-partisanship for a change. Think he'll go for it?
I have wondered for 8 yrs why they are so determined to make the ACA fail. The American people WANT it to work. ALL of us not just the left.
It made them pay Medicare tax on passive investment & hedge fund income, like everybody else has always paid on regular working income.
Scrap the current system all together..take the Canadian health system and use it ..cut out the for profit parts...
ins $1500/mo w/ ACA. Not poor enough to subsidize, not wealthy enough to afford it. Dems don't care about middle class. Thats #whathappened
That's why we need universal single payer.
Who pays for single payer?  THE MIDDLE CLASS. Its not FREE. Its paid by the taxpayer.
I'm OK with paying some $$ to help others w a necessity like healthcare. And what if you & I are poor someday - with cancer?
Agreed. The funding goes to the states to provide for those who need it. However disability fraud is rampant and those people need to be off
1/ Disability fraud isn't as common as people think. We really need the super-rich to pay their fair share so middle class ppl like you
2/ and me wouldn't get squeezed. I'm not rich myself. So I understand you feel squeezed when you're asked for $$. I do too. That's why
3/ the wealthy need to be taxed more. They'd still have more $$ than any sane person could spend in a lifetime and we'd all be better off.
yes as long as you and all your colleagues  ho on obama care0
Liar. Your party passed this abomination when you didn't even know what was in it. You havr no intentions of helping the American people.

Easily done - look north for a hint -
No such thing as a free market. Market = "you pay what we ask for or go without."
There is no point negotiating until all of the corruption is cleaned out of Congress starting with McCain and then you!
We're where u when Obama shoved his health care bill thru.  None of u wanted the GOP to come to the table!
Start with prescription drugs. Find consensus there
The GOP is not interested in any of that. If you want change, work on replacing the GOP representatives in Congress.
THIS!
Senator: they don't want to lower costs and improve care for anyone.They only want to avoid Medicare tax the rest of us pay on our earnings.
There's alternatives out there to current healthcare treatments too like integrative med over opioids; effective, safe & cost effective
 the bipartisanship. I'd really like more folks mimic @BernieSanders , eg @SenJeffMerkley , @SenKamalaHarris , @SenGillibrand
You don't know what cut cost means. We're 20 trillion dollers in debt.
Please vote to repeal the JONES ACT to help PR.
Why do you think GOP will negotiate on good faith? No wonder you lost!

One of the true deplorable swamp people
And still ensure insurance company profits while keeping our donors happy instead of Medicare 4 all that the majority of Americans want.
No more ovomitcare!!
They are not interested in 'team' work...
Will you Dems help repeal and replace OBC?  That's what America voted for.  You will not be re elected if you don't think of America
Ur  next to be voted out u lie like a rug
It's true Sen. Kaine. The ACA can be amended to repair & improve problems. Doesn't need to be erased.
GOP doesn't care about the people.  They serve their big dollar donors not us.  Thier healthcare bill failed & they will have ACA fail too.
GOP can't find the table send map
Sorry. We promised our base to slowly kill non-whites and poor people. love, The GOP
Don't beg for their cooperation, dammit.
We are better together !!!!
U sorry Dems have "never" helped American citizens. U r only in Washington to benefit yourselves. Stop ur lying about negotiating.
With respect, I heard your colleague, @ChrisMurphyCT on NPR, too. O-Care is Romneycare - HeritageFoundationCare. It's already COMPROMISED.
Here's the consensus: get your effin' hands off of my healthcare, you Marxist single payer craphead. Clear enough?
You are this country's legitimate VP.
Oh Tim. That implies they care about something besides re-election and being paid. The GOP lost its integrity years ago.
Just like you did when you jammed Obamacare down our throats?
Don't give up Senator! We applaud your efforts to make America better for all!
Thank you Senator Kaine!!!
This actually can be done.   I think if moderates of both parties got together and worked it out, there could be a long lasting, worthy fix.
Thanks for continuing to try, Senator. From this most recent performance, though, it doesn't look like citizens' welfare is a GOP priority.
Yeah, but it won't be the gangster money cuts they need to fund their tax cuts for the rich. It was never about healthcare.
@Leah64299466 SenTim Kaine we have been ready to speak to you at the healthcare table but democrats keep saying 1/
Were they ever there?
When I Democrats going to learn they cannot trust these Republicans. The definition of insanity, remember that?
Old Man Mitchell says you suck at negotiating a negotiation
That would be great my 20 yr old doesn't  have insurance and I'm broke because of dr bills ! On SSDI
Ask them to take a look at what @gop was working on in the 90s (they had a proposal for universal healthcare then) 
Senator, please push for help for Puerto Rico and the USVI before anything else in Congress. 3.4 million US citizens need help now.
Single Payer Health care only.
Why the charade? Why normalize a complete falsehood? My ENTIRE life GOP has sought to destroy as their duty what they deem an entitlement.
Read your history. The pendulum swings in both parties. Dems were pro slavery 100 yrs later lead in civil rights. All must come to table NOW
Know science. Impossible to have the republicans of yesteryear rise from the dead and bargain. If GOP has recently changed,tell Mitch & Ryan
80% of Americans are just off center R or L. The 10% at either end will come to the table or be replaced. Gridlock is no longer an option.
How about kicking out lobbyists from washington and investigate corruption ?
Skip the middlemen, rising valiantly to give us a little teeny tiny eensy weensy bit. #MedicareForAll! Are you with us or against us, .@DNC?
Crazy talk!
....via universal health care, or any kind of single-payer system, please.
But that would help people Tim and GOP has never wanted to help people only the rich corporate or otherwise

To my GOP colleagues: please come back to the negotiating table. We can find consensus on lowering costs & improving care for all families
You’re a good honest man Senator Kaine But Mercer Koch Bros Casino  Owners Vegas are calling the shots. You think everyone is good but GREED
Thank you!
can someone tell me why Al Franken is on the Judiciary Committee he's not a lawyer he's a moron he asked impertinent questions

Kind sir, THEY DON’T CARE! They want to get their tax cuts and destroy lives!
Are you kidding Let the ACA fail. It’s all at the democrats hands The height of Hypocrisy It was passsed without a single GOP vote. U own it
This is what "reaching across the aisle" looks like. Thank you, sir. We need more of this.
People this should tell you something especially when you vote!If they don’t care about the people why should they represent the people!
Are you serious there was no attempt by the GOP  to address the bills' inhumanity
The only way is to remove PROFIT from insurance. Medicare for all now. Stop trying to fix it so greed is acceptable for children's cancer.
They are hopeless @timkaine They only care about billionaires.
Nice thought. Good luck with it. Keep trying, but #GOP seems intent on making sure that if you're sick, you're on your own
Sorry. GOP only responds to chaos not consensus. Dismantle. Repeal. Destroy. Shut-Down. Ban. Redistrict. GOP is a talentless  bunch.
Like you did when you first past it with no support at all.
But their rich donors paid for something that didn't include negotiation.
Sorry Senator! All the GOP is interested in doing is creating Deathcare for America! Let them go away!!! Far away
please please please do something about Trump

He is out of his mind and unfit
Awww. Tim.   you. But they don't want to. They'd rather we all croak.
They're gonna have to give up Kochs/Mercers first
Wish it was that easy, the GOP are too busy obstructing to make a difference or care
Lalala  they can't hear you
Start with the low hanging fruit then move to the big stuff
National health care would put the US on equal footing eith all other industrialized countries. Right now we are disadvantaged bc competion.
the GOP is working solely for their corporate and extremely wealthy interests. they have no intention of working health care for the people.
Thank you, VP Kaine!
Senator Kaine you know Republicans are not serious about working with Democrats or anybody else on the ACA, they want it destroyed completel
They have to, their masters have ordered them.
Amen! The People DESERVE well-throughout solutions 2improve ACA. @SenatorBaldwin @SenRonJohnson @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan @SenatorCollins
Are you addicted to money?
Now it's Fix It TimeLet's Go
Thank you @timkaine for trying to talk sanity to the madmen
Do you even realize who you're talking to?  They think they didn't have enough votes?  Only way is vote them out in 2018.
don't cave on state standards. We don't need block grants, we need certainty.
Your kid will get free health care in prison
Isn't that called "regular order". They're all too scared of losing their jobs to even talk to y'all
Thank you Senator Kaine. The American people both appreciate and welcome your ability to put the past behind you.
Oh you want them to act like adults I don't like your chances.
Not a chance, they can only obstruct. Their base won't allow compromise. The only chance is to win the house and senate and work together.

Thanks for your persistence and for your good care of our commonwealth. 
They can't they admired special interest holds them back
Progressives WILL NOT BUDGE AN INCH on preexisting and lifetime limits. Not an inch. Medicare for all now.
We need to change what the GOP is saying that Democrats won't help with Healthcare! My friend told me that Democrats are the obstructionists
Can you? Really?
Tim please understand while you care about all citizens of the United States.  Republicans only care about their donors!
Unfortunately I think you are pissing in the wind.
Serious? Don't you need to know why they were in full support of the exact opposite before you think nothing is the matter?
Umm.... you know it was never about that right? They don't want any of those things - #Deathcare
Only if you promise to stop #LyingKaine
Maybe we should all buy our medicine in Canada or Mexico.
The ONE thing that would have kept ins companies honest re rates & leaving certain markets: the public option.
Dem must now pro-actively seek a dialogue w GOP to improve, better Ocare, regular order!
come back?? They were never there.
Now Sen. Kaine, you know that's too sane a request.
.Oh sure.  Just have worthless woody beat them up
I don't know how you can be so sivel, I'm just about done w this behavior.
And in the meantime, what are you doing for Puerto Rico?
He is doing nothing. I have called him three times and he still won't release a statement or advocate.
GOP was never interested in improving HC, killing Medicaid, and making insurers money was their only obj.
I don't think their dark $ donors (their true constituents) have compromise in mind. It's only voters who benefit from bipartisanship .
Lowering costs & improving care does nothing to cut rich folks' taxes, so the GOP won't negotiate.
Let it go! They road you are going down would have killed millions of Americans and prejudice against women! Shame on all of you#
Why have you waited. Shame!
Sore losers much?
Get it done.  And let's stay away from naming it.  Choice needs to come back.
Single payer system please.
You overestimate them.
Tim they don't give a shit, their ENTIRE platform for the last 8 years has been to stick it to Obama, they're morally bankrupt
Ur being used like a tool sad lol.libertards
LIER !
What's there to negotiate? Obamacare is perfect the way it is.
A true champion of the PEOPLE.
About time the GOP include the Dems!!!!!
Another lie
How are you not in jail
If you could do that, why didn’t you right from the start?
Your party destroyed healthcare > Get lost
We need universal healthcare for every single American, the same way we do Social Security!
Insurance companies profit by denying claims!
How many trips do we have to take to GET YOU TO NEGOTIATE?  You do not negotiate in good faith.  REPEAL.
That train was never scheduled to run.
Answering Machine by The Replacements https://open.spotify.com/track/5Y0oF1ZNDamJcsEXF4hIao … #NowPlaying
Bless you for trying, but Repugs can't come back to somewhere they they never were before (at least not with their overlord's approval).
Like yall did with obamacare?  "You have to pass it to see what's in it."
Thank you!'
Are you just starting to realize ocare will collapse and you own it?
GOP to Dems: never!
Thank you Senator Kaine! We need a bipartisan healthcare bill!
No thanks Tim.  Obamacare was rammed through on a party line vote.  You took away HC, raised cost, raised taxes, and fined people.
Words of true wisdom
Good luck with that. The #Republican idea of negotiating is "do it our way or else."
Senator, just curious, how long can you hold your breath?
I personally know people who's premium on Ocare has increased over 300% since it was passed. Think that wont weed out lots of people!!
Good move, but single payer is not the answer. Be open to changes within existing insurance market and control costs to save Medicaid.
Stop the health care circle jerk and do something about the mad warmonger in the white house! Every day you wait is an American disgrace!
Thank you. Thank you so much!!!
Can we address fact that millions of people are without food, water & electricity in  USVI & Puerto Rico!?! Healthcare for next week.
And that should have been the goal all along instead of just killing something b/c O crafted it.
Please please please work together
Yeah. Get government out of it. Full repeal.
Get the profit motive out of it. I don't want to die because some rich fuck doesn't want to help me because MONEY.
McConnell is the Toxic Leader preventing it i presume. When will they wake up and work with Dems.
But that's not what we want.
Can we not just work on DACA right now?   What is happening with that?
Hardened hearts block the brain from clear innovative thinking that result in good problem solving!! Open your hearts let the sunshine in!!
Plz ensure that 2018 spending legis. for Dept of Interior maintains the prohibition on killing & slaughter of healthy wild horses/burros.
The Hateful conservative GOP wanted it the way of DT . don't want to help the poor.
Thanks for reaching out Senator. Markets need stabilization! Enrollment period needs to be advertised!
What's your plan? Nothing! U stooge!
Ha. Ha. Ha. It'll be generations before Senate's GOP is rational.
Were they ever at the negotiating table? The only thing @GOP can find consensus on is how to kill people. Good luck.
#hyperbole
That is if they're truly serious about helping us    not sabotaging ACA
I won't hold my breath. #GOPSucks
Thank you for your hard work!
Yes. This seems like a no-brainer. Both parties collaborating on improving the ACA for millions of Americans. What a novel concept. 
I am just guessing but if you ALL , @GOP & @TheDemocrats had 2 use the same health care you dictate to us. It would be fixed in a heartbeat
They are covered by the ACA.  On the 1st Trump Care they tried to exclude themselves from it.
They were excluded from Obamacare
During the mark-up of the ACA bill, lawmakers inserted a provision (Section 1312(d)(3)(D)) that requires members of Congress and designated congressional staff members to obtain their health insurance through ACA exchanges.
In other words, exempt from Obamacare.
Truly, thank God for you.
Thank for leading; we need to show how to work together
Oh please let us have a break.
Fake non-partisanship. You used to be believable until you sold yourself to the party.
Though I am not fond of you, it would be a long needed change if @GOP & @TheDemocrats worked together for once 4 the whole country!
Wait??  Thought ACA lowered costs and improved options,  what a joke!
get them to the damn table on impeachment. the ACA is doing just fine.
Suck it up tim begging groveling etc doesn’t look too good on you
Why didn't you do that with Obamacare? I'm still waiting for my $2,500 premium reduction. And I want my plan from 2010 back.
Sen, let’s don’t  4get even once u have worked w/ GOP 2 make provisions, it will continue 2b called Obamacare / after our great President!
