Stop wasting my tax dollars on WELFARE for illegals & entitled slackers!  Ban obama hell care!
No more free health care & no more free narcan for addicts! Your idiotic policies CAUSED the opioid crisis!
5his is such a lie
how about how the bill effects the health care system in general ... Companies consolidate to not have overlap of function
Thank you Senator....I listened to a Congr. Hearing abt Health care recently on CSPN  and your take was most impressive.

Which would be affordable WITHOUT tax credits if you idiot politicians would get the eff out of healthcare altogether.
#HaveYouForgotten the 
#StruggleAndThePricePaid for the
#FreedomThatCongressWantsToTakeAway by 
#ForcingGirlsToLaborForAnother ?
Free stuff is always good
and you can force our great grandchildren to pay the bill

What a man you are!
#GrahamCasiddy now has carve outs for Alaska call them out for this #VoteNo
the Feds are -$20,000,000,000,000 in the . Explain why you are for central control instead of state control. Typical federal rep
Senator are your facts straight?  My healthcare premiums have gone up 64% in the last three years. Obamacare is a failure.  Where’s your fix
2/2 The ACA exchange has been sending him bills for payments even though he has no insurance it's all a money scam
1/2 My son's ended in March when Anthem pulled out of the exchange he now has no insurance
Project much?
#insuranceisntcare
@Marmel Graham and Cassidy are monsters now we know how far they are up the Koch brothers asses they want that bonus so bad
Let em eat cake.
Get the gov't out of healthcare. We do not want for you to control us.
It is unconscionable how some GOP members can look their constituents in the face and tell them how all 3 #TrumpCare plans would help them.
  hilarious my mother can't afford to use her Medicare coverage under obamacare currently but no one cared about it for the last 5 years!!
Why is that?
Fix this. Be a Virginian, Husband and Father first with this. Stand up and be heard. We need your voice and more. Put the Senate on notice.
Maybe,
And the rest of us can't afford our exponentially inflated premiums w very high deductibles so go without.
No, it allows Virginians to decide on ACA for themselves. You must feel Virginians will reject ACA once they regain the right to decide.

Potential cost increases by state:
- AK: $31,790
- AZ: $22,074
- ME: $16,437…
If trump just wants a win; get a bipartisan fix for the ACA among your colleagues! Hell, let trump call it the 'trump fix'!
#ProtectTheACA
Ever heard of Medicaid/Medicare?
They need tax breaks to afford it after the sudden increase in premiums and deductibles that Obamacare brought,
What value low premiums when I can't afford deductibles or co-pay? Repeal and replace with market based solution
What do you think we have?  Ins cos and drug cos own congress.  You are woefully misinformed
I've called, emailed and hope someone in the GOP will listen.  Don't understand the cruelty, lack of respect for the public.#NoGrahamCassidy
Oh right. States refused to expand Medicaid and it's Kaine's fault.  Graham/Casssidy will remove insurance from 33M
Socialism kills countries!  You want free meds MOVE to Great Britain.
Fight hard against this GOP kill ppl healthcare bill!!
hahahah you are soooo wrong
It ends a lot more than that. But that's ok @GOP as long as U get US to provide U with benefits 4 life.That's the next healthcare reform
Vote For Dems in VA !!!!
Do u listen to self?  Subsidies and credits are not way to pay for things
I’m from PA and I will lose mine too which will make a decent plan unaffordable. #GrahamCassidy
My insurance became unaffordable under the Affordable Care Act.
And as they jam it down our throats they are telling us it's good for us.
Support #MedicareForAll as an alternative to #GrahamCassidy
Then do your job and make sure this travesty of a bill doesn’t pass.
Sadly, he is doing all he can. McConnell is exploiting a loophole that will allow VP to break a tie. After Sept 30, simple maj. insufficient
What in the H do these people want to do? Kill us off? Astounded by their crass behavior.
And provides block grants to state to offset
I want to do some research into how many people that get ACA premium subsidies and also pay no federal income tax... unless someone knows?
Second, I wanna know where all this $$ is coming from when out national debt is over 20T.  Ds talk like we have  $$ to spare
I don't see you crying about the extra $40B/yr getting added to our already bloated military industrial complex budget.   Sheesh
Why is this bill getting NO attention; why don't "Chuck & Nancy" take "Susan & Bill" to the WH to discuss w/Trump
Do what you can to stop passage of the G/C health bill.  It is a disaster for our people.
I'm one of them. My premiums would be over $300 a month just for me if I didn't have the tax credit. Still expensive but mostly manageable.
Wrong again Timmy! Stop ur lying and creating a false narrative! OCARE IS A DISASTER!!
Provide your work, otherwise it is you with the false narrative
My work?
Just another redistribution of wealth by the democrats- so I get to pay for my family's HC and other's too. Repeal!
You clearly don't understand insurance or democracy
No you clearly do not understand when the Gov subsidizes premiums the actual tax payers are paying for those of which I am a tax payer
Good
yeah,  VA didn't expand Medicaid, so it looks like it's good for VA. What happens in 10 yrs when grants disappear?
Proof the ACA is unaffordable and unsustainable
This bill is horrible. GOP not even trying to look caring.
But you People Have Lied to us & Screwed us, & Wasted our Money, None Of You Can Be Trusted any more & Thats a Damn Shame 
#VoteNo #GrahamCassidy #IwasHealthy @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @SenateGOP
#IwasHealthy until I was diagnosed w/a pulmonary embolism. Now #IAmAPreExistingCondition #GrahamCassidy allows insurers to deny me coverage
Mr Kaine I not only Dislike You but All of Your Lier Buddies in DC . I am neither democrap or repulsive,
Virginia would need to take care of them. Call it state legislation. States shouldn't depend on EVERYTHING from the federal govt.
Yeah, our state refused federal dollars to expand Medicaid. State legislators do not care for the states total welfare.
Medicare for all
N how many out of them r doing so illegally?
How about going after the real cost of healthcare and deal with tort reform.  Again,  if you're not part of the solution you ARE the Problem
GrahamCassidy both phony/baloney #liars
Invigorate the economy Senator. Reduce taxes for ALL, school choice and free market for medical coverage. Take the Govt out of the equation.
Yea. Because they can't afford those Obamacare skyrocketing premiums that the Democrats gave us. Thanks to you and your friends.$67 to $278
Non-citizen don't get benefits.  But thanks to Reagan, anyone can get ER services, so blame him
Just likewe got topay for uninsured motorists coverage Why?Thay not to be having a driver's license.O shit what I thinking follow the dollar
Dems are in full panic mode watching their dream of socialized healthcare about to end. The states will determine healthcare models.
Project much?
Perhaps you should spend more time getting folks employed.
That is all your Dreamers the FREELOADERS SEND THEM HOME. Take care of the USA people and Vets. First.O no it's all about follow the dollar
Line my pickets Quick pro Quo. It's all about follow the dollar Money talks bullshit walks. Do away with the death taxes
The're still over paying for Cadillac plans they dont need & could get much cheaper without ACA? i guess common sense aint so common?
Does that include your 72% discount as a member of Congress?
SenTimKaine GOP are HEALTHCARE TERRORISTS! This has got to STOP! They take away our insurance we vote them out 11/06/18
Youve@already taken away ours. We need sensible premiums and deductibles for all, not just poor.
Go on .@JimmyKimmelLive !
REPEAL ASAP Obamacare was one big LIE
Yeah, it was so much better w lifetime limits, pre-existing conditions, 25% premium increases/yr and 800k bankruptcies
Never once saw a 25 % increase before Obamacrap now with Obama my increase averaged 35% a year . Let's not forget 40 million have none now.
That is, 301,000 receiving subsidies R being given redistributed money from others. The govt has NO MONEY of its own.  Focus on better jobs.
RT #Election2017 11/7 #WinBlue

WENDY GOODITIS #VAHD10 #Loudoun #VA,& @DemsWork4USA
#FF,Morehttp://secure.actblue.com/donate/wgoodit …

#VApol #VAlege
I will likely not be able to afford premiums without subsidy/single mom freelance independent contractor.  Deductibles are already too high.
@GOP needs2 stop being self-righteous miserly SOBs! GET OVER resentment @ insurance mandate; civilized society MUST care4 less fortunate
Why don't u just drop mandate 4small business if it's killing them; employees can get insured thru mktplce. BIPARTISAN compromise is needed!
If you're complaining about the mandate, you seem to forget that your employees healthcare is their compensation cheapskate
I'm NOT complaining abt mandate; GOP bitched/complained ACA was killing small business. Never going2have perfect system;this cld be comprms
I agree.  Also anyone supporting this bill is immoral and certainly should never refer to themselves as Christian
Boo!
...but provides the same amount of money to the states for that purpose. Nice intentional omission?
Why even let the gop monopolize our health care with benefits to certain Americans. JUST SAY NO!!!!
WTF are you talking about? Back up your claim
Those are political hostages taken by the Democratic Party.  Free your hostages Tim.
Mr Kaine, if you had the same sorry ass health insurance we have, you would know the pain,
He knows the pain.
How many Texans use ACA premium tax credits @GregAbbott_TX @JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz ? And would that # be higher if TX had expanded Medicaid?
I called your office to voice my opinion. I'm so glad you share it! What can we do to help guide other senators? This bill affects us all.
Each senator has a comments section on their webpage... you can and should write a note or call--McCain, Murkowski and Collins!!
And that is exactly why we should end it. Save tax money and making lazy people get jobs.
Yeah, all those already working poor need to work more.... what's next you heartless sob, kids, the disabled and the elderly?
40% of the US population doesn't work. That's the problem.
This is a vicious bill in more ways then one! On this bill the premium for someone who gets cancer $142,000.-! McCain got care no one else!
Would have been nice if we could have got some Democratic Senate approval to get Trump care push through
Trump care is garbage.
I have a suggestion, Allow each state this Republican healthcare, allow everyone to use State Hospital free, & with that money pay hospital
Remind me again how the state government dealt with the Medicaid expansion.  You're giving the state gov too much credit
how come all of the twitter accounts making ignorant comments dont have actual names?
@MarkWarner @EdWGillespie Why would you oppose this? Even the most pessimistic analyses of #GrahamCassidy show that Virginia gets MORE $$$.
READ. THE. ENTIRE. BILL. #KillTheBill

Churches need to walk the talk.
Yeah they're really gonna screw us all if we let em.
1st 11 months of fiscal 2017, the Treasury still ran a deficit of $673,711,000,000 =  $1.396M debt every minute
Straw man much?
Remind me again which other country has a successful free-market health care system that covers all of its citizens?
The new bill is a dream for very conservative, wealthy Republican donors. The Senate is willfully selling legislation to the highest bidder.
ObamaCare is a dream for every welfare state Democrat.
Free ride is over.
Buy all the insurance you want.. w/ your money.
Another clueless conservative.  VA didn't expand Medicaid, and your attitude is the same as Graham and Cassidy
Who said the VA expanded Medicaid?
Get off the drugs!
I'd say you're a clueless geek... but that would be redundant.
You know what would help those families most.  JOBS. The ACA is A JOB KILLER.
Unemployment is at the lowest since the recession began - WTF are you talking about?
The private sector continues to be the biggest supplier of health insurance. Grow the jobs and  economy and you won't need gov health care
If we could only get my grandmother to stop being so damn lazy in the nursing home!! 
Your grandmother was probably covered by the existing medicaid before the ACA. But please keep making emotional arguments when you can't win
Have you read the bill? It doesn't seem as if you have, but please keep making ignorant comments
Insults are all you have. Once again emotion not logic rules you. So sad that we can't have discourse without your attempted bullying
I'm sorry, how exactly did I insult you? Wasn't your comment ignorant? It was a fact pumpkin sorry I hurt your feelings.
Obamacare is the craziest thing in the world! - Bill Clinton
