.@realDonaldTrump thinks & acts like a dictator & has a @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP that doesn't care b/c they r getting their dreadful policies!
if democrats had done there job the last 8 years  potus would not have the left over problems
Crazy...
And so proud of the job they did
Or just cause because it's his and Putins joking venture stop complaining get evidence Kaine you're a good man fight harder please
Stop the BULLSHIT - he blew up an airfield that held Chemical Weapons and planes that dropped them on Innocent People - children, babies!
.He didn't try very hard. Everyone had warning and there was little damage. A big PR stint via Putin.
Obama never went to congress for WPA to drop bombs from predator drones on 8 countries and American Citizens
Syria wouldn't be the problem it is, except that we had Obama drawing imaginary lines in the sand for the last 8 yrs. He created the mess.
Where were you then???
BUT, he DID inform Russia before attacking... he is a Russian agent of course.
where was your indignation then?  Your politics remind me of my 5th grade sons interpersonal relationships.  LifelongDem
How is this possible?
Yes
Hey senator, how is your thug son doing? Has he bathed & combed his hair yet? Where is he planning his next riot for?
Obama dropped a bomb every 20 minutes for his entire 8 years.  Your partisan support of death is sickening.
Like a Boss.
No, like a person who thinks he has no constraints.
No, like a Commander in Chief that has far more intel and responsibility than any of us.
Are you delusional and think he gives a f*** about you or us? Tell me... what church does he go to? Hum?
If Obama or Hillary did it you'd be calling them heroes.  Typical democrat
You're a phony.  The presidential candidate you ran with, Hillary Clinton, made firm statements saying she'd take out airfields and Assad
Good for President Trump! If you're stupid enough that you can't see that this was a very good thing, then you need real help!
You prefer the terrorist to kill men, women and children like they have been doing! Obama was the greatest supporter of terrorist ever!
I guess dead men women and children are your thing, by any means possible
He thinks since he's president he doesn't need Congress approval.
Trump is loose cannon....frightening.
Unfortunately the President can do anything he wants with the military for up to 90 days - repeal War Powers Act 50 USC 1541? #RepealAUMF
Grounds for impeachment
Sad
Omg you're insane.  Ya let's wait for the UN too while we're at it. Thank God you're not VP. You're crazy.  Really.
Just another day to worry.
Like he should have done. Obuma was weak and drew tge red line then erased it bc he was scared.
Treason he should be impeached
#StopTrump #StopPence
but at least he had Putin's approval.  ThAt counts for something
what is congress going to do? Keep wringing your collective hands & sighing?  Put your big boy pants on and GET TO WORK!
our all volunteer military is at the mercy of a lunatic looking for glory.
I don't understand why he can just order strikes - whether or not you agree with the action, this unilateral action is terrifying indeed.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan: He didn't need Congress yet. War Powers Act. So disingenuous. Your comments are for sound bites.
Subjecting service men and women to unknown gases
Finally a Pres with BALLS! Now you know why we need Trump.
45 and his Grand ole party of Ratpublican Russians! Dirty work? 45 involved in the gassing of these people to then come out the hero?
Obama's red line caused the murder of 400000 human beings and 1MM refugees!!! Unconscionable! Please wake up?
Mitch McConnell leading the pack. Trump has something on him for him to let things go like this.
Tim why don't you resign from your post you haven't done anything in the last eight years but run your mouth.
You guys have been asleep for the last eight years it's too late for your involvement!!!!
This administration is OUT OF CONTROL!!!! Steam rolling whatever gets in its way. Hello dictatorship.
Congressional approval wasn't required. Don't be dishonest and don't inflate your importance.
No worries, Tim. Someone interviewed Mitch and he said it was OK. I guess we missed the rule change! AND, Jared the boy wonder was there.
Thank you, Congressman Dunsel.
Boo hoo! In this case you're either an AMERICAN  standing with  @realDonaldTrump or a TRAITOR siding with Assad!
Trump Administration gives Congress lip service. He treats you like fools. Oops. Maybe you are fools. Greedy fools.
@Yah_Reed in response to a flagrant breach of international law on two counts. World citizen acted. Good
So he makes a unilateral decision to escalate by bombing a Syrian airstrip but the "beautiful babies" are banned from entry into the US?!
WRONG SENATOR. CONGRESS IS NOT INVOLVED UNTIL PRES. WANTS TO DECLARE WAR. YOU DON'T KNOW YOUR HISTORY. HOW DID U GET ELECTED???
I wonder..did Trump order this strike to get higher ratings?
Particularly as he violated national sovereignty, violated various UN resolutions
This action has been done 100's of times w/o Congress approval. So because Trump did it, its unconstitutional. You libs are nuts.
@realDonaldTrump @BarackObama Upset POTUS didn't follow Obama's lead by drawing a red line & waiting for "I Triple Dog Dare You!"
Funny how all of a sudden his view changed. Trumps a very scary man and his temperament is a danger to America!!
Happy Easter deplorables this is what you wanted now enjoy, fake president going to bolster his #'s with death, good job.
Repubs (& some DEMS) DO NOT CARE. They are in only for personal gain. So long as they are making war money, they DO NOT CARE.
Please feel free to impeach him at any time. No really, please do that. Today, if possible. Thanks.
TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS  TERM LIMITS - VOTE THEM OUT IN 2018
Doing anything without congressional approval is to do something.  Congress is so polarized, you have become a liability 2 government & self
impeach
wow timmy, you and barry had 4 years to act on that red line.  Did nothing
Involving congress is like asking two Tom cats to share a mouse.  Congress is paralyzed with bi partisan rancor, dysfunctional & useless.
Call him out! We expect you to do this! #SyriaStrikes
Didn't need Congress for this one.
He wants war to make him feel more like a man and from the deferments he obtained. He is playing with innocent lives... 
This is the R's not the D's  Duh that makes it okay. @GOP
yeah, that's crappy, what are senate dems doing to remove the influence from dark $? removing anonymity? stronger fec regs? what...
@GOP killed more than 1000 Syrians after voting NO on @POTUS44 request 4 limited military intervention in 2013! #liar #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
He can't get shit with most if you flakes!! Good for him!!
You're making an ass out of yourself...America wants action taken
This is true, but I'm more immediately concerned with the blatant manipulation of procedure in the senate for GOP get their SCOTUS pick in.
Yes, but as many have said, now the talk is not about russia is it, his house is burning so he started another as distraction
You guys couldn't pass a resolution saying the sky is blue
so did Regan and so Bush. And reason Obama didn't because he did nothing
Will someone please find Timmy his prozac he's going off the reservation again #MAGA
Hahaha. Now you believe in constitution all of a sudden. You are laughable
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS trump, doesn't mind bombing Syria 4 Chemical Wpns attacks on babies&children,but he bans asylum for Syrian Refugees.
You know the rules of life don t apply to him.
“I commend President Trump for taking swift, decisive action against Bashar al-Assad’s outlaw regime,”  Senator Cotton.  Nice Response!
Senator, do you support the attack or not?
Just to impress #ChinesePres with #FakeAirstrike so #China take onn #NorthKorea thought trump dont tell enemies plan ! But Syria Russia Warn
What can we help you & @MarkWarnerVA do about it? We're still bombarding phones with #resistance of so many of this administration's antics.
He only needs approval in declaration of war. Not a #MissileStrike. He as every right as did every #POTUS before him.
Is there nothing Congress can do?
Call for action. Otherwise, you're merely complaining.
Can't Congress do something about it?
You were OK when your boy Obama was doing it. Thank God you and Hillary weren't elected...the US will be a much safer place.
Obama was NOT doing it.  Where do you get your info?  Oh let me guess...
This guy was out of control before, but he was using Tweets, not airstrikes.  #TrumpsterFire #TrumpFail #ImpeachTrumpNOW
HELP the REFUGEES.  Let's see how caring they all are about killing children.
Thank God!   If congress was involved it would be all messed up.   Lowest approval ratings ever for congress
Stay on him & speak up to the media.  Now ppl think he is caring-NO WAY.  Russians, corruption, nepotism, mental health issues!
Thanks for your leadership in passing resolution of support for @potus actions in Syria. Very patriotic of you.
Please hold him accountable!!!!!!
Didn't Hillary start the military involved with Syria ?
Some of us didn't take 8 years off caring about this stuff.  Nonetheless, welcome back.
and just what are you doing about it, sir..where is the backup for the american people..you sit by, you talk but do nothing..we need ACTION
No worries he has Russian permit
Oh, don't worry. @SenMajLeader said it was totally okay. 
Frappes sans l'accord du Congrès US, sans aucune enquête pour connaître qui est à l'origine de l'utilisation des gaz....cela sonne FAUX
Like a dictator, not a President.
Not accounting for the troops Obama put in place that are still there...
8 years of Obama bombing, now it's a problem.  Though I agree that Congress s/b involved which is what I believed when Obama was bombing.
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Once again he thinks he's above the law
yeah and if he wouldn't have reacted the way he did you would have said something about that 2 you bunch of hypocrites...
because consulting congress and it winding up in the news always helps with the element of surprise.
You're right on this issue, Senator, keep making the point.
I know, but you are still irrelevant.
Where are the GOP chicken hawks now? GOP Reps seems to be basking on the "Yey! we are back"! Unhinged, just as always.
US strike is only going to cost the lives of more Syrian children.  He is an idiot to think few dozen Tomahawks is going to change Assad.
With all due respect, Senator, Congress has been pretty fucking lame.
This is not right.
Obama put the boots on the ground in Syria and also made the failed deal to remove chemical weapons which led us to where we are now.
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?  WHO HAS THE POWER OF THE PURSE?  HE MUST BE IMPEACHED.
ain't it great. A president that isn't afraid to stand against  chemical war crimes? It is time to stand up for the USA. #suckitup
This is posturing and  distracting not standing up for USA, and definitely not great. Perhaps you are to young to remember Iraq's WMD ?
So..... what are you going to do?! We all know it's a diversion. Like we say to 45, stop tweeting and do your job!
He created this whole diversion with Putin. Look deeper this was all pre planned by them. $$$$$/ oil / sanctions. Low ratings =war
#Collusion
this is not ok.  what do we do about this?  I'm yelling from the rooftops and nothing is getting done!
Syrian children died, all without Congress.  The WORLD needs to step up and help.  #Syria
Senator please log a Formal compliant, we are a Democracy and Trump is not the King. #SyriaStrikes
When was the last time Congress ever really took on the responsibility of voting for war authorization?
Part one "Look over there -- no Russian collusion". Russia knew before you did. Still colluding but throwing innocent Syrians into the mix.
It seems EXTREMELY UNWISE of Congress to break/adjourn while DJT has the presidency.
That detrimental!!!!
He needs to GO. Do your jobs. All of you. He is unfit.
