Xoxo 
Thank you, Senator.
I should be calling Mr. Vice President. You did get the majority of the votes.
#HRC
He's No Longer Electable.
Thank you Senator for standing up for the rights of LGBTQ
you're a hero !
One Soul/One Mind is a book that all women and men, regardless of what part of the world they live, should read and talk about.
thank you!
Wow really?  Why not help the Disabled Vet?Instead of the very few that hasn't done anything but take away money from our Nation?
there would be no discrimination if the LGBTQers would keep their sex life in the bedroom where it belongs.
 A senator with compassion, scruples, and a brain.
love to have you as an ally.
Please run for President In 2020.  Dignity in the White House would be nice.....
Yes!  Please run!
yes run away
Please do
thank you Tim Kaine! What a fine VP you would have made.
Kind of like you protected your son from smoke bombs on federal property.
Really. Less than one percent of the population. Must more important issue you should be working on. Typical politician.
you're barking at the wrong tree btw. I love Trump, specially that he said grab em by the... And still won! No more PC!!
why, do you like to take it in the butt?
glad your priorities are upside down. How can one prove discrimination. That usually leads to entitlement
thank you Senator!
THANKYOU! I sure wish you were in that Oval Office
thank you!  But honestly we need more protection than in those areas.  Particularly transgender folks
Not sure catering to one special interest over others is a good approach. What about discrimination of stright people?
On behalf of Mama Bears of LGBTQI kids everywhere,  we thank you for supporting our kids! #EqualityMatters
Then can you assure us you will vote "Nay" on Gorsuch? He sided with Hobby Lobby, against worker and women's rights.
you would you pedo puppet
LGBT== L =liberty G=guns B=beer T= Trump
Will you be giving any speeches with Hillary in the near future. happy to hear she is returning to the Public spotlight
Thank you and God bless you Senator Kaine.
@GetBZLiving I wish you were VIP 
THANK YOU 
Thank You for your commitment to non discrimination!
NO ONE CARES ABOUT YOU OR LBBTQCZ FREAKS & SOCIAL MISFITS YOU LOSER. They may be your only base which is why u pander to them. Sad
@kristililley what your record on this issue for the last 20 years, its cool to support now, not cool 20yrs ago
huh?
It is a shame that issues such as this must have continued vigilance. All citizens count. Keep up the good work
Of course, when DT and Repub. congress approve their budget, we will all need those protections: education, employment, healthcare
Thank you #humanrights
thank you. So many have given so.much to earn these rights. We won't go back
knew you would
thank you Senator!!
thank you, Senator!
Q? I've always questioned myself as to why I ever voted for you. My identity on that day must have been "idiot."
love you sen. kaine. also vote for you!
Tim - work to protect LGBTQ (period) - there is no equality either. Amendment to change to "All people are created equal"
Thank you!!!!
Still with you!!!
thanks but stand up for LGBTQ workers at work too @PrideatWork
When will you protect Christians from being discriminated when they are forced to sin against God by the Democrat Agennda?
Treating people with respect is not a sin.
If only mankind could evolve to a point where these individuals don't need this protection. Not in my lifetime, I guess.
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Our community is grateful to have you as a reliable ally.
Thank you Senator Kaine from myself & my daughter
Thank you for your service to our country. So proud to have met you during the Presidential campaign.
Thank you senator
they do not deserve anything its man and woman nothing else
@VETERANUSA1 - may I suggest you hold a TOWNHALL.  Democrats have to connect w/constituents to win. GRASSROOTS. You can do it!
Yeah. That time is going to be here before we know it.
Thank you, Senator Kaine. All you do for USA is appreciated. You're a real patriot. #TimKaine #Patriot
thank you Senator Kaine
@VETERANUSA1 @timkaine ..aaaand you'll keep raising radical domestic terrorists too
Thank you for all that you do! 
you better get the Dems doing so much more to beat this POS admin..M I cannot take this BS anymore! #demsDoSomething
what is LBGTQRESTURV ? And why does the entire fabric of society need to be changed to support this minority of people? Explain!!
thank you Tim!
Simply: thank you @timkaine
Thank you from an ally of the LGBTQ community. 
we love you
L: Liberty G: Guns B: Beer T: TRUMP Q: Quit Your whining
keep up the good work and  the caring attitude
Thank you!
thank you!
@ColMorrisDavis yay
your heart shows :)

thank you, ally.
@June4Wanda How about helping get the Equal Rights Amend ratified so discrimination against women becomes illegal?
- HEAR HEAR! We're close to getting it done here in NV!
Just make sure this #Ryancare bill doesn't get through the Senate
thank you for your work!
good for you.   The LGBT folks I know don't like or trust you.
Um I like and voted for @timkaine ... And I'm quite queer.
Thank you for all your work.
Thank you! 
Thank you.
and Health? Please protect America from the President he is LOCO, LIKE MADURO, AND THE RUSSIAN
I rue every day that you are not our VP! Keep up the good work Senator!
Thank you
Thank you so much, Senator Kaine.
Thank god somebody it there to try and stop the madness. I pray everyday we find the truth in regards to Russia & can get them out
please don't forget to fight for federal after school programs in the Commonwealth!  21st CCLC! #21stcenturylearning
thank you
I will remember you in 2020
thank you Senator!
Thank you!
That's great news! PLS also expose those who are voting for riches for the wealthy and nothing for the middle or poor classes. 
She would've been a great president..smh
Thank you for this, and for all you do. 
what ever.do something for the people who have no home! Sick of this shit.
Please start protecting the individuals FROM their "LGBTQ-ness",not poisoning society by protecting misbehavior.
Dude... you can still be fired for being gay in Virginia. Where's your influence here?
You make me proud to be a Virginian. 
thanks senator thats a mouth full from a vitgina man
Thank you!!!
Protect those who are legit victims, not attention mongers who make a profit under the banner of victimisation.
thankyou!
thanks dude
Great Tim, just try and do it without Lena Dunham
