Taught Civics for years. I have faith in our gov't. structure. But, oh, what challenging times.
How very true!!
That would require someone...anyone in the #GOP to have some morals or ethics. Good luck with that. I have given up. #votethemout
Republicans freed the slaves.  That sure counts.
Those were the days. The current party has no resemblance. #sad #GOP
The GOP still fights the mob rule mentality of the democrates/dixiecrates. #americastoppedslavery
Lord I hope so.
wcg50 America  take advice from this guy join his   team learn what it takes to LOSE and be good loser
Meanwhile Trump's buddy Putin lying for him again...
How do you know Putin is lying? Do you have access to the classified info, or are you just regurgitating made up Bull Shit?
@timkaine could  you see some Constitutional Amendments coming from this?
Referring to the Electoral College?
Wah
This is a really stupid comment coming from one who actually thought he was going to be VP of the US. You two lost for very good reasons!
A Marie Garrigus: If one individual is stronger than our institutions (e.g., our Constitution, rule of law, etc.) we will be a dictatorship.
Thank goodness that will never happen.
I believe you sir are on crack.
And what a stress test it is!
I pray, VP.
And the international community.
I sincerely hope you are right!
@POTUS Tim,These government institutions R there 2 Serve each Individual(The People).That's what Trump is doing. Ez 2 C U R part of t/ swamp
Not right now, Congress is failing in it's duty of checks and balances of the executive branch, Party over country is what I see now
It's for moment for America
...from your lips to God's ears. AND, can we trust the people running the institutions???  Ryan and McConnell are running "institutions".
Damm straight!
Thank heaven this now seems likely to be true. Looking kind of "iffy" until this evening. @IgnatiusPost @FBI
IMPEACH THIS MAN BEFORE HE DESTROYS EVERYTHING AMERICA STANDS FOR
Let us pray that you are right about our Constitution and institutions prevailing.
Hope u r right. World is watching aghast at DTs total incompetence he's unfit, incoherent & dangerous. I prey 4 us all he's impeached asap.
@timkaine From your mouth to God's ears...
which set my GREAT Dem Party #legacy in Illinois weel b4 Obama I say U haven't seen nothing cuz Obama MARRIED n2 my politics O.K?
interviewed me in d summer of 1994 will now complete our interview cuz Joanie interviewed me about my role w/d early '90's Reynolds campaign
How about that? It ALL goes down n #Chicago a week from next #Teusday when d Rauner 2018 re-election campaign hire me!! @JoanieLum whom
Fool, in case you missed it. There is no American democracy! We are the laughing stock of the world. Europe is amazed at our stupidity
When you lose your next election, you going to cry like Hillary? I predict so.
I hope you are right.
I suspect that your are wrong, that self interest will override the good of the republic. Party politics is the downfall of Rome
God bless u Sen. Kaine! Sure wish u were our VP! Would be honored to serve & help u & your re-election campaign in any way I can!
Impeach trump!!!!!!'#
We are independents and republicans , we actually have a brain and think for yourselves, freedom is a great thing ,which oissing off control
Unlawful search and seizure? Put that in your hat and smoke it because you must be stoned . We aren't your dimwitted constituents ,we are
AMERCIAN democracy ? We have a right to confront accusers, we have the right against malicious prosecution and we have the right against
His name was Seth Rich.
let us pray that that is so..
You better hope so. However its not looking like it. Nazi in WH Russians too. What happens when Nazis invade Russians. Russians win

I hope you're right. But based on this last election, you'll understand our skepticism.
unless terminally undermined plus lack of courage among Rs
I hope you are correct, and maybe we will come out the other end stronger and with progressives, like you, in charge.
I earnestly hope you are right.
Hope you are right
I'm praying for our Country! And making calls!
I sincerely hope so senator
You were hooked up with #HillaryRottenClinton & Mob so not much u have to say that we will listen to.
Excellent piece,thank you Senator ..
That is because the institution of the corrupt Democrap Party uses WS & Special Interest fundings to attack Trump!
I hope you're right Senator. I have never been more afraid for our democracy is my life.
For ur own corruptions. Stop lying to the American ppl or u will continue to lose.
All u Dems do is make up stories about out President. Dems r not 4 the ppl, only yourselves. This Russian hoax is nothing but distractions
I pray that your prediction is right!
Let's hope so
Oh I hope 
Sus instituciones están controlados por el GOP. Es dificíl que suceda.
We hope you are correct. But the institutions must be guided by individuals..with integrity and will and, apparently, courage.
Either that or MAJORITY votes out Republicans so Democrat will save the country AGAIN
Love you, Tim. YOU are my VP! :) (and the MAJORITY of Americans'!)
We need to make sure this cannot happen again. Eliminate all ways dark money can buy our government & white supremacy groups = terrorists.
Please God let's hope you're right.
They already did, why do think you lost the election. Lol. #Loser
I hope you're right!
Promise? Can you pinky swear on that? 
Sen. Kaine, the election was stolen from you & Hillary Clinton, and that has brought us to these dangerous times. 100% behind you!
Lets not forget Institutions, including the Senate, are made up of individuals. These individuals must now stand and do the right thing.
Your party needs to stop stressing the country. it's doing more harm than good
GOP won't speak out against the divisive speech and actions of Trump and his extremist followers. Turkish guards beating protesters?
Yeah Congress is so perfect. Senators in glass houses....U don't really care about the truth. U are still mad that Hillary lost!
Don't be such a #whataboutist . You have nothing good to say about Trump so you find other things to talk about. Sad. Lame.
I hope you r right. I do think the system is working, so far.  Courts have blocked unconstitutional exec orders; Congress won't approve all.
Fire with fire. Don't let off for one minute. Corruption like we've never seen
Just another rich white man for you to hate. No crime there.
I hope so , @realDonaldTrump is bent on destroying
I pray you are correct, good sir.
Glad you have that faith. I dont.
Call for impeachment NOW!
I hope all of this pressure is a stress test for DT, and that he has a massive stroke, suffers for a long while, and then dies.
I can't "Like" a tweet that suggests your death.  Thank you for liking and agreeing w/ my tweet, though.
2. Some of you Democrats are already calling for impeachment. On what grounds? Because you are attempting a COUP? Outrageous.
Never thought I'd read.. CNN headline: "Putin says he can provide a transcript of the talks  between Trump and Russia's foreign minister"
1. You better not be hanging this president without absolute proof. In this country we are innocent until "PROVEN" guilty.

I hope so. I heard Bannon say his priorities are dismantling of American  institutions.  His words.
Some american institutions need dismantling.
I cannot tell you how much I hope you are proven right on this, Senator.
His name was Seth Rich.
You are a #whataboutist engaging in #whataboutism . You have nothing positive to say about @realDonaldTrump  . Sad. Lame.
As part of the institution I expect you to CHAMPION our interests and demand impeachment hearings begin before #45 damages us further
I hope you're right senator.
You very nearly became VP. Please stand up and call for impeachment of Donald Trump.
We sure hope you're right - signed,  America
Doubts are fading 󾓦󾓦󾓦
so you support institutions going rogue against an elected POTUS? Tell me how you aren't a threat to Democracy?
the fact you'd make such a statement make me happy I voted Trump couldn't imagine people supporting this being in charge
yessir ... the Union will prevail and loath to anyone trying to destroy it
Go Tim Go! Continuing to make me proud!!!
