Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Thank you!
If you like your healthcare you can keep it 
Obamacare took healthcare from 28 million people but who's counting 
You are unfortunately poorly informed and obviously taken in by the @realDonaldTrump propaganda machine. You need to fact check the WH BS!
(Please allow me to complete your comment) ...and return it to those who worked for it.
Thank you for your diligent, and tenacious resistance, in this fight for healthcare for all Americans!
People Trump and the republican party are telling lies.If they are truthful  why vote for a secret lie.They kill people with a smile
These Thugs are domestic terrorists!
I WILL NEVER VOTE FOR TIM KAINE!!
Bless you, sir. Thank you for standing strong.
Thank you. I wish more of your colleagues had done the same.
Not take Health Care Away from!!
Good !!!Good for MCain!!!
God job my friend. God bless you.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Why is Timmy so afraid to even allow debate? Liberal fascism.
How could someone who hasn't yet seen a bill vote "yes" to deliberate on it? This GOP always show dumbness. Stand for us, Tim.
Go get them
Got it... your for massive Medicaid programs, but what about the middle class that can't afford the ACA?  No interest in helping them?
Fight for us please
#ThankYou Sir for your #Leadership #Representation & #Service

There millions already without health care my wife is one of them but illegals have it though go blow smoke up somebody else's ass,Nazi
Walk across the aisle and bring back 4 or 5 friends.
#Universal Health care like other countries
Thank you.

And to take food and clothes and meds from alllll the rest of Americans!!
Keep up the fight Senator 
Thank you, Senator. I wish my reps from Texas cares about us as much. @tedcruz @JohnCornyn
Thank you!
Yeah just like you voted "NO" to enroll in it yourself. It was so great yey DNC exempt themselves from it.
Thank you. Being from Arkansas I can't expect any support from my senators
@Obamacare  took millions of people who had insurance away by giving $12,000.00 deductibles
We have to find a way to turn things around in 2018,
Thank you. Glad some have our backs.
Another reason not to vote Democrat
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Thank you for standing firm. I wish more @HouseGOP had done the same.
No ins means I can't afford my doctor or meds for rheumatoid arthritis.  I can't function or take care of my family.  Does @HouseGOP care?
Well looks like they rigged it again with pence deciding!
U be so full of crap!
Of coarse you are. However you voted vote the ACH which screwed up America's health care system    Finally we may be on our way to be free
It didn't help. Thanks, anyway.
But you voted YES for the epic failure Obamacare, right. And did nothing to fix it for 4 years.
Wish you were the VP, not that Evangelic evil troll @VP Pence. Corporations must run evangelical churches in damn sure Jesus doesn't!!
Does this vote mean I loose my Medicare?
Thank you!
Repeal and Replace!  The ACA is destroying the middle class and has to go.  You are stealing my retirement Senator with these premiums
How'd that work out for ya son?
Thank you!
You're voting no on TALKING about how to fix it with your colleagues. That's cowardly.
Thank you for fighting for those who want something for free at the expense of someone else's hard work. Keep taking from the makers. #MAGA
Oh how I wish you were VP right now. Thank you for trying.
Thank you!
Thank you!
It's a vote to have a debate. This is why we need term limits. You guys can't work together. This why trump won. Both parties are childish
Thank you 
Why are you scared of a debate? It's a procedural vote for a debate.
Thank you.
Sure wish you were our VP right now.
To bad you are a liar!!  Obamacare has hurt many more people than it helped.
Stop listening to Fox News!! Do not ever call me a liar again
Vote to debate?  I sadly presumed this crucial matter would be already debated prior to voting. Hence, a divided nation. All. Do your jobs.
Vote no for debate?
The NO vote is Kaine's way of saying NO to discussion.  NO to working with Republicans.  AHC doesn't need doctoring, needs mortician.
Millions are aleady without healthcare due to high costs & poor care associated with Ocare. Wake up & represent your constituents!!!!!
Thank you...
Thank You
Thank you
Thank you Senator Kaine A hero among liars and scoundrels. Thanks 4 keeping the American people in your thoughts  We must stop this #resist
You should be a little more vocal in regards to the $hit show in the White House.  We are beyond total embarrassment now.
thank you
Thank you. I hope others do the same
@timkaine Thank you!!
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator. I appreciate it and wish my senators cared about the health of their constituents.
Thank you for standing with Americans.
Thank you. Please keep fighting for us all.
Thank you! Protect health care for those who need it most.

Thk you!!!!!!!
Help
Kick McConnell in the nuts for me please Tim
Thank you for trying. All of us over 50 cancer survivors are doomed now. No way I can afford the projected premiums.
Your such a loser tk not worthy of the office you hold I am only glad you and hc failed
Thank you Senator. At least we know someone had our backs
Repeal and Replace!  The ACA is destroying the middle class and has to go.  You are stealing my retirement Senator with these premiums
Thank you. Now the real fight takes place.
Thank you Senator @timkaine!
Thank you
Thank u!
Yes. The monumental task of remaining in lock step with the failed agenda of Democrats should never be forgotten
Thank you Senator Kaine. I'm thankful every day to have you as a Senator.
They are not taking it away quit 
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Thank you for your NO
Thank you for voting no! #cfadvocacy
Thank you Senator Kaine along with Senate Dems for protesting vote to consider repeal of ACA. Type I Diabetic once uninsured scared. SCARED
you are voting against the free choice to not be insured, you mean.  coercion to buy a product is not what america is about.
Thank you for your No vote today which is a Yes vote for the people's health and jobs.
Thank you for your service to all Americans. Thank you.
Thank you Senator, for putting country, people first
Thank you Senator.
Every promise you made about Obamacare turned out to be a lie. Every. Single. One.

Thank you!
After you get voted out of office, you it might be the last vote on anything substantial.
THANK YOU for fighting for us!!!  It gives me so much hope how there are compassionate people protecting us.
Awesome Senator Kaine hopefully everyone but those select few will vote no
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator Tim Kaine for your #VoteNo on #Trumpcare
Thank you!
Go get em! We love you Tim!
Thank you.
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you
Tell GOP senators not to approve anything undisclosed.  It is without honor,  and to put all people and their welfare above politics!!
Thank you, Senator
A vote for No Debate?  What a libral loon you are.  But why am I not surprised?
Make us proud
Thank you our should be Vice President!
Please keep McConnell from calling a recess. Too much at stake.
KILL THE BILL!!!!!
Thank you
That makes no sense. You voted yes to take it away from TENS of millions.
Thank you! Glad to see Virginia standing on the right side of this.
Thank you for trying.
Go Senator Kaine!
Wow. What a surprise.
Thank you!
Thank you !
Thank you!!!!
Protest sounded good (NO)
God have mercy on us....
Thank you!
Thank you.
That's why I never took the time to call your office.  I knew you would do the right thing.  VA Strong!
Keep fighting Senator!!!
Thank you Senator 
To all senators who vote yes on any of these bills, we will vote you out next opportunity
Thank You Senator...
Thank you for voting for American lives!
Thank you.
Thank you for caring about the people in this country
Those who vote Yes will end their political careers today.
No they won't. If they vote no it will end their careers

Thank you thank you
Thank you both!
Good I'm proud of you
Thank you, sir.
Thank you!
You are voting on Impeach and Replace today, right? That's the only thing I'm interested in.
Thank you
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you Senator Kaine.
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Kaine.
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Tim, I wish you were headed OUT the door!!!!
Thank you @timkaine
Thank you for doing the right thing. Please continue to fight against this bill.
It's okay. If #TRUMPCARE wins, they own it.
Likewise we own #Obamacare, and any entanglements that may rise. But we're bipartisan. Them? No.
We're willing to work with R's to improve #Obamacare.
They're not willing to work with anyone. Even themselves.
How many votes will it take?
Thank you for your NO vote, Senator.
Thank you!
Literally crying right now. I need my insulin. I like my coverage and i wanna keep it. #saveACA
Thank you, Sen. Kaine.  #proudvirginian
Will you vote YES on #MediCareForAll ?
Thank You.
Thank you Senator. I know I can count on you and @MarkWarner

So they are not "keeping" you out, you won't even try to get good healthcare for the people. Obama care is dead and you don't care
apparently, you are as big of a fool as you look.
On your way, knock over turtle man aka Mitch McConnell onto his back so he misses his own vote #KillTheBill
Thank you for voting no, and voting for the best interests of your constituents.
We want all the names of the No votes. We have some changes to make next election.
So happy you are my senator. Give 'em hell.
Please try to convince enough GOP colleagues to stop this farce!!
Your vote makes no difference in this mad world
Thank you Senator Kaine!
thank you
