Genius, the driver of the car was a Communist, leftist, anti Trump, Antifa member. Why don't the left disavow BLM, Antifa?
Lol, did Breitbart tell you that? I'd like a picture of your face when you learn the truth. Does it change when you've spouted nonsense?
DT is more than just disturbing he is totally unfit. Always was. World would b better place with u & Hilary in WH-tragic we've this lunatic.
How did a law get passed to allow open carry? How intimidating is that to people who want to peacefully protest? It is unconcionable!
I love my second amendment rights, and legally open carry regularly.
that makes you Really important,doesn't it?Pitiful:(
It's sad that a city has to be see this and it's even more sad that David Duke has to use the POTUS to justify the reasons behind this
Agree, Duke is a nobody a boogyman the Dems use. POTUS has condemned Duke and the alt right. BTW driver was a leftist antifa member.
Stand tall, Senator. I was with you then & I'm certainly with you now.
Uh, your aware the driver of the car was a leftist, anti Trump, communist, and Antifa member right? Dems need to disavow BLM and Antifa too.
We see right through you. All 100 million of us now. Your antics are strengthening our resolve. Remember, we are educated also.
Get rid of Trump.  He is a dangerous madman.  25th Amendment time is now!!  Do something about Trump.
Why? It was the left causing violence. The driver was a leftist antifa member. Trump has condemned the alt right many times.
Thank you Senator Tim Kaine !!!  Beautiful words...
Hey Mr. Kaine, whey are you going to disavow Antifa and/or BLM??
You still won't be Vice President
Maybe u should try controlling your So who was arrested with the Alt left
What will you do in your position to end this?
Is Kaine's son antifa? Arrested for 'disguise in public' in Minnesota
@timkaine-that Faulkner quote u used day after election- do u know the context? If u did would not use it- and now u you say the above?
but you applauded your son's participation and subsequent arrest in an ANTIFA protest. Double standard liberal view.
The President has categorically denied the white supremacy group and KKK.  The truth is 2 opposing factions came to C'ville & fought it out.
Shocking that a sitting US Senator supports VIGILANTISM if his base can't get their way in the voting booth/courts
My full statement on the horrifying white supremacist demonstrations and violence in Charlottesville: 
Beautiful. Thank you.
Don't forget the leftist thugs your son is embedded with!
Like father like son???
Your son is just a horrifying and violent. You raised that!
Very unfair and unbalanced
Antifa burn US flag in MN. Gov Kaine's son arrested in Minnesota for 'disguise'. Is son antifa --will he renounce
Try controlling your son who was arrested with Alt left Where is his moral compass, or were you to busy grabbing power
Should you not be looking into the mayors "stand down order? What a set up! This blood is on all of you!
You're my Vice President. Just sayin'
You are talking like a traitor. Hope you get investigated.
Not surprisingly, the clown-faced Dimmy neglects to mention it was the LEFT who started the violence.
My full statement on the horrifying white supremacist demonstrations and violence in Charlottesville: 
You spoke too soon senator...Leftists are Terrorist! I don't condone the alt right or nazis but I believe in MY 1st Amendment right.
So happy your city took down those statues. Baltimore ROCKS!
Have you spoken out against #Antifa and #BLM Tim? The @POTUS is right there are many sides. Don't be a hypocrite  !!
Liberals just can't let go of their lies.  They have replaced the phony Russia narrative with phony racism.  Who among you cling to this?
Thank you for your leadership in these difficult times. @realDonaldTrump is incompetent and lacks a moral compass. He should be #IMPEACH ed.
#AntifaTerroristOrganization is America's largest terrorist group and @Timkaine fully supports them.  #BackTheBlue
2 socialist groups went looking for a fight and found it in Charlottesville.
#TRUMPDIDTHIS
@timkaine is a better leader than @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @potus @VP combined.  #racists
Please run for president @timkaine
Oh hell yes!! Please let him run!! We couldn't ask for more, would make it almost too easy for Trump to win in 2020!!
You mean the antifa guy from Ohio that drove the car?
As I seem to remember it was David Duke and the KKK who supported and donated to your campaign with HRC.  Where was your outrage then?
Did you also include your son who's part of the ANTIFA?
So ANTIFA & BLM are protected from criticism because they've now taken over the "enforcment" role from the KKK.

@JackPosobiec Tim "Satan" Kaine 
Your such a dam ultra liberal fool! https://twitter.com/DanielDutcher/status/897601142770855936/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.thegatewaypundit.com%2F2017%2F08%2Ftim-kaine-gets-savaged-twitter-defending-violent-left-wing-antifa%2F …
How about AntiFa?
How about BLM?

Dude, you're such a #hypocrite
Will you disavow the filmed and obvious hatred and violence of the left on Saturday?
Its statement like yours that is fueling hate. Wake up and be a man for once in your life

Timmy. your call to have them "fighting in the streets" worked. To act like you are horrified is a bit rich son
That's some state you represent   You must be proud
Where's that sweet, gentle boy of yours?
Did you forget the horrifying violence of antifa and BLM or do you just not want to admit it happens?
Now we know where all the meth and heroin users live! Dumb as rocks. I stand with @timkaine
CVille citizens & city council showed so much bigotry, intolerance and hate 2 ward free speech & historical preservation...sad
@MarkWarner One thing is certain about them also, they are getting unlimited financing from somewhere other than America: maybe from Putin?
These are your people Tim and the KKK is a democrat organization
Where's your statement on North Korea?
As a conservative I once thought I could support Tim Kaine as a candidate, until he sold his soul and became all that is wrong with the left
And yet the left was screaming that Trump wasn't hard enough on what he said, but if he talks tough with N.Korea people are pissed. It's BS!
You Mr Kaine was a big joke when you were running with HRC. I thank my God everyday that Trump won. He is a great man. Wish you were him?
You were telling people to fight in the streets.
Nice statement, after the fact. What were you and other political leaders doing on Friday?
Yes, only Blacks via BLM, Hispanics via la Raza, Muslims via CAIR, Fascists via Antifa and BAMN can be horrifying. You're unworthy. #MAGA
What a different world this would be if You were VP
Did include denouncing your son's group? #Antifa calling for members to kill children.
Doesn't your son do the same thing but for antifa?
Except your son is Antifa and was arrested for inciting violence.

"Police left the area and declared it unsafe," @PaulaReidCBS says. http://cbsn.ws/2wEiege  
Where was your son? I hope he has an ankle bracelet on.

David Dukes words are not surprising. But @realDonaldTrump's lack of proper word is scary as hell.
Perhaps you should note the progress implict in David Duke's denuciation of the President's statements on C'ville.
Please call out Congressman Garrett for helping to arrange the alt right protest. He doesn't belong in the house
Perhaps 45 has been so quiet today because he agrees with with David Duke and company...
Your son will get passed a joint and who knows what will be In it. Or the meth he does! Evil doers get it in the end! Your family is evil
Thank you for standing up for what is right. We have to do something about guns in America.Not the 2nd ammd. meant.
The man who calls himself President is DISGRACEFUL.
Hyperbole & pandering - Who had the permit to march and who sought to disrupt it?  1st Amendment applies to all
Yes, yes you are. How exactly did Trump lead to this. You my dear are hysterical and need Valium.
Follow @YesYoureRacist.  He is providing names & info on Nazis at the VA rally.
What about the people who have been erroneously identified and attacked. Guess Dems don't care about that.
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Thanks. This makes it all better.
Don't recall seeing this much anger from the left over BLM antics.
Well said, sir!
I didn't hear a word in there about the black nationalist BLM nor the Antifa Nazis. Oh I get it that's who u support. #CommissionByOmission
There's a difference between standing up for EQUAL rights&another for white supremacy.Let's get your bullsbit straight.
Educating you darlin'
Baltimore, Ferguson, Oakland, Charlottesville all racist. Yet the Media and Politicians only called one as such. Guess the one.
http://m.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/may/26/tim-kaines-son-charged-after-trump-rally-scuffle/ …
WAS YOUR DELINQUENT SON THERE WEARING A MASK LIKE A COWARD AND DESTROYING PRIVATE PROPERTY FOR ANTIFA AND GEORGE SOROS? SHUT UP!
In the Commonwealth I knew we respected freedom of speech even when it offended and two wrongs didn't make a right. hate is wrong period.
.What party started the KKK?
You're fine with tearing down statues of Confederate soldiers what are you going to do when Muslims tear down Martin Luther King statues
How about your  condemnation of the horrible leftists,also. If it's violence you're condeming, how about commenting on all the violence.
So now u called that horrifying,but w ur son being antifa who was involved in violent act, you r a proud dad. Double standard, hypocrite !
In case you forgot, Senator, here's what your son looks like in jail.  Great parenting job there.
Your son is a violent leftist who was arrested for political violence. How rich for you to play it so holier than thou.
you are disgusting to try to associate POTUS with David Duke, but then it's just what people like you do. #DrainTheSwamp
If you hate political violence so much, then when will you condemn your own son that got arrested for same with his Antifa buddies?
up until today the MAJORITY of the violence was coming from the left! I do not support the extreme right but they have 1A RIGHTS!
This guy is a clown. Condemn your son that promotes violence then talk about the other side. Another example of identity politics.
You're a hypocrite. 
Until you condem the actions of your own son any words leaving your lips are meaningless.
Obviously your own son didn't pick up on your words but clearly "caught" the lesson of resentment from you given his conduct in MN
What a dam HYPOCRITE SENATOR Kaine is!  WHAT DID YOU SAY WHEN YOUR OWN SON GOT ARRESTED FOR VIOLENT PROTESTING IN MPLS? Dems must fight?
Yeah, you and the rest of your party got blood on your hands. NEVER CONDEMNED YOUR LEFT-WING ANTIFA VIOLENCE? SHOOTING? STABBING? WHY SILENT
Your divisive rhetoric thanks you spewed in your debate with Pence showed your disgusting and morally/ Biblically perverted colors. Repent.
Smart people know you can't hug the evil out of people. We also know you don't protest evil where evil is! #protestwithoutprovoking
I love this man!
Until Democratic leaders speak up more forcefully for Trump's removal from office, many of these statements are useless.
Because of your hate, crickets on BLM looting, burning business, killing police. Soros backed, funded. Kaine, the swamp.
It's bad and not acceptable.
Just like when your left-wing agitating son was arrested. Did you condemn that?
No! Hypocrisy at its best.
Thank you for condemning white supremacists, KKK & neo-Nazis groups. They are offensive to American values. Diversity is our strength.
What are you doing to pressure DOJ to investigate this as domestic terrorism?
You should be condemning antifa and all the other radical Soros groups there.
Thank you, sir.

why were they given a permit to protest? no more please!
None of this would have happened if they hadn't removed a statue of a general from our history in the first place! It was not necessary!
Thank you
Your words are nice but your actions to get Trump out of office would be more meaningful. #ImpeachTrumpNow
@Anthem_Singer So let's get the man who is ENCOURAGING this out of office!
This is how grown ups speak.  Thank you, Senator.  Take note, #POTUS.
We'll said, Senator
 What a different day this would have been were you our current VP.
Omg. The blood of 2 cops on @realDonaldTrump hands.

VA State Police ID 2 cops killed in crash #Charlottesville #CharlottesvilleKKK
When will it be enough? Why isn't anyone demanding impeachment based on incompetence? He is a danger to the US and the world
You should be our VP right now.
But you lost Big Time.  Enough of this, the reality is Mr Trump is our President, let's come together and get along, let's MAGA!
thank you
Please continue to fight for us @timkaine
You are a true statesman Senator Kaine. My thoughts and prayers are with your great commonwealth and it's outstanding citizens.
way2gvrn
Thank you Senator Kaine.
Thank you Senator Kaine for those very true words. #Charlottesville
Thank You Senator Kaine!
Thank Senator
Great speech, wrong person, should have come from the #president,Great job
Thanks for all you do Sen. Kaine. And no, we will not go backwards. The people in this country will not allow it to happen.
Dawne you keep fighting. Gives me hope, friend of heart.
@dav34829 please get McConnell & Ryan together in a room and decide how to get rid of Trump. He is a DANGER to us every day!!
Haaaaa haaaa
Thank you Sen. Jaime. The POTUS refuse to condemn terrorist white supremacists. Please work to implement Section 4 of the 25th Ammendment.
Thank you, Senator.

#ImpeachNow
They don't want to. They are sick like Hitler
The rally permit should have never been issued. Violence was the reason for the rally by the armed KKK, White supremacist & Neo Nazis
Until Trump, Bannon, Gorka, and Miller are ejected from the White House this is our reality. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank you, sir
Thank you, Senator
And we're stuck with Pious Pence. Or Mute Mike. Whatever;:(
let me remind you, you SON WAS ARRESTED WHEN HE TRAVELLED TO A PROTEST AGAINST POTUS TO INCITE VIOLENCE
Thank you @timkaine . every day I wish you were my vice president.
Everyday I thank the Lord he is not our VP
Agree with all of this.
Thanks you. Be stronger! You and your colleagues must confront the WH for their failure to condemn Nazi and white supremacists and the KKK!
Don't you know history, the Dim party is the KKK.
The Trump effect
I don't think now is the time to blame POTUS for something that radicals have done.
When is the time then? He didn't do it be there comes a point where we have to stop pretending his actions didn't stoke the fire.
Thank you, Sir.

You are a blockhead.
