.@timkaine and @SenKamalaHarris explain how the GOP is trying to remove requirements for a nonpartisan CBO score – and how to fix it. 
How quickly you forget about the #ACA remember when @NancyPelosi said you had to pass it before we could see what's in it?
Why would you want information or expect fairness from a republican controlled legislative body?That goes agains everything they believe in
You must learn to compromise 
. Tell Nancy and Chuck
Like Obamacare, right?
#Country Need Big #Help #People are #Desperate #Confused
Ok your crazy, now dont run again
Good one!
Oh Tim, are you referring to you have to pass it to see what's in it? #Obamacare
Delete your BOT ACCOUNT!!!!!!
Basically do away with the checks and balances system if our government. The GOP wants free rein to do trumps commands. #ImpeachTrump
This kind of crap they can push through with their majority is why they love Trump.He has no opinion on anything but his hair.
You mean like the affordable care act?  What a novel concept. Go back to sleep Tim you are a bit late.
About time somebody said that! Thank you, now make it happen.

Sorry. Learned from Nancy?
You mean when Democrats pushed thru the failing ACA without further debate, and no support from the Republicans?
Tim, why are you not screaming about the vote fraud in WI MI PA?? Everyone knows about it!! Statistically impossible -1% in each?!!!!
thank you senator kaine and senator @KamalaHarris for fighting for our right to be informed! information is the only way to defeat ignorance
Learn to compromise with (us low life)!
Why bother, your going to vote against it anyway. That's what you libs do.
Well sure. If it hurts more than it helps we generally do vote against it. Because we like people.
Really, could have fooled me!
How is asking for a government to help its citizens survive a natural disaster aftermath not liking people?
Okay, You're crazy!
Both Tim Kaine and HRC were mod GOP in past
Do ya think DNC can pick a Progressive for a change ? 
So invested in big money anymore
Like OBAMACARE. “We have to pass it to find out what’s in it.
That wasn’t done with Obamacare
Call me crazy, but I believe most Americans favor restrictions on abortions, but you would never know that from @TheDemocrats and @ppfa
Define restrictions.  Also generalizations about Dems and ppfa. I generalize most Rs who oppose gun control are morons!
Also, we have gun control already. What you are generally talking about is more gun control without specifying what it is, then calling them
morons. If you meant gun control meant no one was allowed to own a gun unless in the military, is it moronic to oppose that?
And, if you mean something more targeted, have you read the studies, particularly by @FiveThirtyEight, about gun control issues? Are they...
moronic because the data they analyzed doesn't match up to the emotionally-driven calls based on the most recent tragedy?
If you want to talk specifics, then do so, but your vague mention of "gun control" isn't sufficient to attack others as moronic
I was attempting to be facetious!  My labeling is no better or worse than your labeling.  Both our generalities are wrong!
Where were you in the last 10 years? Whistling a different tune. Isn't that how Dems work!
You mean like the time we got to check out the AHCA that Nancy Pelosi said if you want to know what's in it, you have to pass it?
@AllLeftNews @SenateDems @SenKamalaHarris  THIS IS THE ACT OF AUTHORITARIAN SIM. it proves that the gop only wants control.
@GOP is in a hurry.  Gotta ram their corrupt agenda through before trump resigns/gets impeached.  No time for CBO scores.
Learned from dear leader Nancy
(Pass this bill before you read it)
You are crazy! How are your terrorist son and swinger wife DOIN? Give 'em my best loco! #maga #trumptrain
That coin has two sides to it. Will this also apply to other bills up for consideration?
Soooooo you are talking about Obamacare.....right?
Democrats have to protect Americans from Republican crooks
@SenateDems @SenKamalaHarris None of this is funny, especially after a killing wkend and the last 10 mos with a moron.So mournful
Call You a CRAZY HYPOCRITE!! After Senate Majority Leader Reid Railroad the Failed Obamacare 20,000 Page Bill!
You mean like obama care schmuck.
Yes, you r crazy if u think real Americans care what u think! Go away now little man!
Crazy as most of us
100% agree ... when did that change?
Thank you @timkaine. We the People are wanting to see them too! At least us intelligent Dems.
GOP are the most dishonest group of ppl I’ve ever seen. They can’t do anything w/o cheating. And they should be in charge of our affairs?

100%. If Congress doesn’t start acting responsibly, it’s going to get real ugly. Imagine if the American people got to vote on all these issues. I believe it would be different.
But that’s because you believe in democracy. Across the aisle are fascists, ReTHUGlicans, traitors! And none care a lick about Americans!
you mean like you did with Obamacare
Call me crazy, but I'd think anyone would want to know so they can do best by their constituents. But I guess when u pander to donors....
Not crazy, reasonable.
YOU ARE CORRECT SIR, THANK YOU
Like Obama care right? Because passing that be for reading it was a stellar move on your part right? Your such a hypocrite
First they steal Supreme Court seats n now they get rid of CBO score .. when u cant win just cheat policy of Repubs is scary...
Like Nancy Pelosi passing healthcare saying we had to pass it to see what's in it? You are such lying hypocrites. How's your ANTIFA son?
Thank you Senator Kaine. You're a good man working for the people's interests in having healthcare. No CBO score allows for GOP lies/spin.
Ok, you are crazy.. I mean, between your hair and that goofy smile, yep, evidence you are crazy.
Yes, of course! Congress should never, never be allowed to push through bills or put diverse and unrelated ad ons!
Americans against the Democrat Party. The party that supports criminals and lazy people.
Remember this line from Piglosi?  We have to pass it to know what's in it.
Can u say that louder to republican & democrats! Must take the time to do the right thing to serve ur constituents! Counting on u Sen Kaine!
Then make it happen!!!

Democrats Must Embrace Progressive Candidates to Win in Trump's America http://www.esquire.com/news-politics/politics/a12781302/democrats-alabama-mississippi-progressives/ …
You al Called republicans crazy when we said the same thing about ACA
Dems have to pass it to find out what is in it....right?
You're right, Kaine. It would've helped when you passed the (un)ACA.
Ok you're crazy. Obamacare was pushed through without knowing the impact. You didn't even read it
That's is not know Dems work
NOW you want bills reviewed BEFORE passing them?!  HAHAHAHAHAHAHA...isn't that rich?......Oh crap, you're not kidding?!
Not crazy, common sense, something lacking in Government
YES WE SHOULD SIR, THATS WHY WE VOTE AND WE SHOULD BE INFORMED AT ALL TIMES!!!
Nancy said you have to vote on it to see what’s in it. You were fine with that!
You guys are amazing!!!! Keep up the great work, so proud you’re in our corner!!
I'll call you crazy! When Democrats have power, they push thru bad bills without discussion with Republicans & say "we got something done".
@SenateDems @SenateGOP why would the Senate not want transparency, don't the people have a right to know what you are doing, you serve US!
I think we should get some say so because the Republicans have really screwed up our country thanks to Trumps dirty family in the WH!
Where was that sentiment when you passed ACA?

#IronyAlert. #Obamacare
Maybe a 6 year term is too long. They have too much time in office to do whatever they want before they have to face the consequences.
The American people have a right to know what Congress is doing that will impact their lives. Who put them in office?
You're not wrong, Senator Crazy.    Thank you, Senator.  Very wise words.
And just how well did that work with ACA
You mean like Obamacare???
Okay, you’re crazy.
Your the sane one Senator Kaine. We are the ones these laws effect. And when done behind closed doors speaks volumes to me
Correct Tim and GOP should realize by now that trying to hide what they are doing is futile.
It would be nice! The GOP has been secretive, sneaky, and the bills have been awful for the American people. They serve their $$ donors.
Such hypocrisy.  Where was this openness when democrats were passing the ACA? You have to vortexes on it to see what’s in it. What a joke!
Didn't you support Pelosi's we have to sign Obamacare to know what's in it?
I couldn’t help myself 
I will call you more than crazy - embarassing comes to mind!
Leave god out.
Okay. I'm calling you crazy.
Thank you for your excellent work, Senator Kaine!
Help!!!  Help Mr Kaine! HELP! SOSSOS
Funny how all the Faux news watchers below have aca facts wrong. But that's what you get when you watch real propaganda
You’re crazy. I remember DNC passing Obamacare middle of the night before Christmas break.
It's the Pelosi rule.....you have to pass the bill to find out what is in it
Nothing crazy about it.  Thank you
True. Always a sign someone is hiding something.
What do you think this is, a democracy?
Like the Iran deal and its secret "side agreements" that you like so much?
Why? @GOP and @POTUS vote, and they don't even know. #ShameonGOP #VoteThemOut #FakePOTUS #45Fails #LockHimUp #RESIST
We must know CBO score before voting. Debate adequate, amendments allowed. GOP have lost their minds. Are fat wallets choking their brains?
Silly:  everyone knows YOU HAVE TO PASS THE BILL TO FIND OUT WHAT'S IN IT as per ur girl @NancyPelosi  i've waited 8 years for this moment.
Ok you are crazy.  Think Obamacare! Think Pelosi " need to pass the bill to know what's in it"
Yeah, kinda just like how pelosi said you need to pass it before you can know what's in it
What I don't get is why they work so hard to please themselves. When did our Congress become more about party than about our people?
Crazy! U mean the way #ACA was voted in?
Like that Obamacare nightmare? Voting on something so we can find out what's in it. Pelosi said it
Its senseless unless GOP trying to hide how bad their bills are. If working for us & not donors, they'd want to make sure to pass good bills
Fucking A yes!!!
https://youtu.be/nA_iPHT36rQ 
ICP
Ignore Kaibe hez nazi, talk to GOOD PEOPLE, NOTHING GOOD WILL FROM THIS DINOSAUR
I vote Valedire Putin before you
JFC. You need to use auto correct.
Retire you cunt #FakeHero #FakeDem #FakeChristian #Facist #KainePence2020Nazi WASTED my vote on you . U DONT BELONG IN VA bigot homophobe
Call me crazy, but I say our elected officials should write and read bills before they pass them.
Imagine Obama trying to do this. The hypocrisy. It keeps me up at night.
Like everything else they have an angle/cheat code. They don’t want the people to know they’re not interested in what we think. SAD!!
Sorry, Tim. Don't we already know the score? Billionaires: 100, Middle class: 0.
#MAGA WHAT FUCKING HIPPOCRATES. One word: Obamacare!
You mean like Obamacare??!
Remember when trump said he was giving the power back to the people? WATCH
The GOP are a clan of obstructionist & thieves! 
Everything is on the sly & they only intend to serve themselves!
As you wish! 
You're crazy. Logic & concern for non-congress critters is just silly! 
How  did you folks let that budget  pass  HOW
Thank you Senator Kaine! It's about damn time someone let the rest of us blithering idiots in on how & what's going on in DC.
CASE IN POINT MR. KAINE ... HOW DOES A (R) CONGRESS PASS A BILL ... THE FIRST BILL SIGNED BY trump ... THAT CRAZY PEOPLE CAN BUY GUNS!! Ugh!
TY for trying to keep us from being blindsided. Enough secrecy in gov't.
Hmmm...doesn't matter with all the hidden bills riding under the radar...lies on top of lies, and more lies.
NO AMNESTY FOR DACA! No family in for green card holders! PERIOD!!
Crazy             Not
Keep going Sir and thank you. 
Me too Bernie
Vice Presi...oops, Senator, you ARE crazy!  Crazy smart!
The only way they can win is by....Cheating.
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Alright!
I want to know every bill that is getting passed behind our backs by GOP congress.
@SenateDems @SenKamalaHarris
HOW MUCH MEDICATION DOES IT TAKE TO PRODUCE A NANCY PELOSI?
You guys don’t play that way, why should they.
K ....CRAZY... FIRST time you dais something that made sense
Kinda like Obamacare? Unbelievable how slimy & hypocritical politicians are
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Obama care was passed in secret by you moonbat democrats,no consultation.Your spokrbat Pelosie told us,we have to pass it first.Crazy Kaine.
You are a good man Vice President Kaine
When your bill can't stand on it's merits, cheat.
Interesting how this is important as soon as a Republican  makes the statement.
Ok, you're crazy but only because you didn't have this particular bit of spine during the Obamacare vote.
how is that any different then voting for ACA and telling us to read it later...? Double standard from where I sit.
I really don’t see how you can defend removing the CBO score, unless you like sneakily un-insuring millions.
That would be nice sir...
I won't call you crazy, but appreciate your honesty.
@realDonaldTrump why would you want to deceive Americans? How does this make us great? Stop being a bully!
Did you say that before the ACA.  I do agree with you on this but would like to see you hold your party to the same standard.
Sorry.  The crazy trophy has already been awarded to some orange putz.
@senategop @housegop keep up the immature attempts to circumvent the process and see how fast we adults vote you out in #2018 UR all a mess!
You're  crazy
So u disagree with @NancyPelosi when @TheDemocrats say u have to pass it to know whats in it?
Why can't Americans vote for these major changes???
This is Washington in 2017 Trump era Tim.  Logic and reason are dinosaurs.
Senator your always a day late & dollar short
To think otherwise is insane
Yea exactly...I like what you guys gave us with Obamacare...
That's the only thing you have said that makes sense. Why didn't you try that last term?
You're not crazy & whats happened to CHIP? Why hasnt anyone in Senate bring this issue out to public forum so citizens know @HillaryClinton
Thank you, Tim Kaine! It is a scary world we have now!
