I see your felon son is home, poor Karly #MAGA #realDonaldTrump
Wasn't the girl in the suit recently arrested?? #YesMyPresident #IStandWithTrump #SorosCivilWar #PurpleRevolution
How many dimpled chads ya countin at the wedding?!
Oh look Hilary was also invited to the wedding. I guess nothing changes can't keep her mouth from flapping in the wind.
Where Hillary? Was she not invited
Congrats!!
Beautiful family! Congrats to the newlyweds! 
Would you all please report to the VP's mansion in DC and just gently move the Pence family aside? Thanks!
Amen!!!  You got our votes!!!  So disappointed as to what's in The White House @ this time.....
What a beautiful family you have...that you for sharing
Blessings and Congratulations to All!!
who cares ??? Boring !
congrats to you and your family!
Nice to see your son got out of jail in time for this. BTW you've got a super creepy smile Tim, maybe don't show your teeth, might help
Oh I see your son is out of jail and has grown his hair another foot longer.
What a beautiful family Tim. You would have made a wonderful VP 
Congratulations and best wishes. And Annella's dress: almost as stunning as the bride
Congrats
did they let your son out of jail for the wedding?

Beautiful Family Senator Kaine!!  Congratulations!!! 
A great family gets even better!
Dear Karly, RUN!
Congrat's, you have a good look'n Family.
Congratulations !!!  (please start thinking of running for President!!!)
Really wish you are our President instead of the crazy lunatic we are stuck with.  Hopefully he will be impeached ASSP
Senator Kaine -- Thank you for being a man of integrity. Congratulations to your new (larger) family.
Congratulation to you and your family.
@realDonaldTrump
Oh yeah thats the punk
Congratulations
Congratulations second family!
Congrats to your son and his wife. Many blessings.
Poor Karly , husband looks whimpy like Daddy. It's OK to make fun of your dopey family seems everyone makes fun of the Trump family
Congratulations to this happy family (at least, you always seem like a happy family to me). Cheers!
Congrats to the whole family and to Nat and Karly!!!
Eww
Congratulations!
Aw! Congratulations Senator! I love weddings! :)
Stay Blesses
Congrats!
Congrats
Congratulations. Beautiful photo.
Beautiful
What a lovely family!
Congratulations to Nat and his wife. What a long way from third grade!! Best wishes for a long happy life together!!
Congratulations to you and your family, Senator Kaine.  You have a wonderful looking family.
Mazel Tov!!
Congratulations! Beautiful family!
From Venezuela God Bless your new Family!!!
Congratulations! Great looking family
Best wishes and blessings!  Beautiful picture!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!  Wishing you a long life together, much laughter and great patience
Congrats Senator!

Great family wedding picture
Very lovely! Next year you can all celebrate your respective years Anniversaries together! Lovely families! 
Congratulations, beautiful couple!
Mazel tov.
Ur son looks lovely. The boys in the pen are going to love that long hair
Congrats!
Congrats to them both
Congratulations!! Great family photo
WOOT WOOT! @CMUniversity pride here karly! congratulations #FireUpChips
Beautiful
lovely
She is lovely enough to be a Republican. Tim. Congratulations to yours and Best Wishes to the Bride.
Congratulations 
Congratulations to the Kaine family! Beautiful family, Senator!
Congratulations to all!
Congratulations to the entire family!
Congrats
How lovely.  Congratulations
Congratulations to the lovely couple and their families. :} #MazelTov
Your long haired punk kid belongs in jail
Lovely addition, sir!
Congratulations. Best wishes for years of happiness to the couple.
Beautiful family.  Congrats to all!
Congratulations
Congratulations!
Beautiful photo
She is a registered republican, right?
A beautiful family!
Wonderful! Congratulations!
Someone posted bail. Congratulations!
Congratulations !
BIg fat congratulations.
Congratulations!   Wonderful day for the Kaine family.
Congratulations, Senator!
Beautiful
Thank god for something positive. Congratulations!
Congratulations. Beautiful family. The best of luck.
Losers
Congratulations
Congrats!
She is beautiful.Great looking family.
Congrats!!! This is a beautiful family that is a great representation of this country!!!!
Love and happiness forever!
I feel sorry 4 Karly. Your family is a gangster family that hate America...another brainwashed member is being initiated in a gang
That looks like one of those stock pictures when buying a frame at the dollar store.
Congratulations to your beautiful family.  I wish you a long and happy union with small ripples that we all go through.  God Bless.
Congratulations to the Kaine family.
Congratulations!  Holidays sure to be even more joyous with your newly added family member!
Her face! She's so proud and in love!
congratulations
Lovely. Exciting to welcome a daughter-in-law, isn't it?
Mazel Tov!
Your family is so cute!
Congratulations!
Adorable.
Congrats and best wishes to all from CA!
Tim kaine linda family
who is that gorgeous young man with the long hair???
A future jail bird
Congratulations to you all.
Congratulations to all of you!
What a beautiful bride! And what a wonderful family picture. Congratulations from Denmark
Congratulations! Beautiful family. 
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations to the Kaine family. Beautiful family! Love new bride's smile!
Lovely family. Congrats.
Mazel!
Congratulations!  What a glorious looking gang!!
Congratulations to the newly weds.
lovely. congratulations to you sir.
Congrats!!!  Now that's a happy family!
Congrats to your kids.
Congrats!!
Adorable!
Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congrats!
Congratulations!
Celebrate this joyous day!!
Congratulations to the bride and groom!
He's Even More Handsome than YOU! Congrats! Men that are married live longer, happier lives!
Congratulations! I wish them and your family many happy and healthy years together!
Beautiful! All best wishes to the newlyweds!
What a beautiful family a beautiful bride !
Wonderful! Congratulations.
Congrats to the Kaine's
Omg your wife looks as young as the bride. Beautiful family congratulations
Oh look your Antifa son showed up
Love this!! Beautiful family!
Congratulations Senator Kaine and family.
Happy for you. Looking at your family makes me miss normal.
Really?
That's a beautiful bride! congratulations to the couple.
