Deport ALL illegals NOW!!!
It could be 1,200+ Talent & driven American citizens enrolled in public universities & colleges in Virginia. #AmericaforAmericans
Nothing stops Americans from being enrolled in public universities and colleges. Please Joe.
They are awesome citizens. They just need papers but they are already making a difference in this country and we love their contributions
I don't like the disproportionate crime they commit.
No data to back that up.
Plenty data to back that up.
Provide it please.
#youhavetheinternet
And they are not paying for it right? The tax paying hard working citizen is.
an tuition free uh timmy?
BIG PHONY ISSUE!You DIDNT DO ANYTHING when Dems had Congress,and ur hero, BO was deporting ppl at RECORD PACE!So, just shut up&VOTE ALREADY!
Was this beautiful country not built from DREAMers a long time ago?
What is the penalty if a US citizen uses a fake social security card to obtain work? What is the penalty for a DACA who does that?
| #DREAMers stay, Trump goes !
Good. If these students are able to fill out college apps, they can easily fill out Immigration and voter ID apps.
So act to protect them finally!
Unlike your thug of a son with charges against him? Violence! Jail is where every illegal offender belongs. Like Clinton, your son, etc...
: )
good to know #WholeHearted people

#HispanicHeritageMonth:
I'd like to recall that #Basque #DREAMers reached US 'thx' to #spaniards
Yes this country needs them and wants them. Llegaron para quedarse!  Because they make a difference here
Shameless. Nothing like trying to throw gas on a fire thats not started. Fix obamas temp stop gap and shut up. Love ya. #ourgovernmentsucks
So, 1200 AMERICANS miss out, and 1200 foreigners get an education?!? You should be ashamed to cash your pay check.
Pass law that allows then to get a student visa. They are responsible for abiding to the terms if the visa. Transition to immigration visa.
If you want that then get something done in the legislative branch. Enough skipping through the tulips
It's 1200 spots that could've been taken by Virginia citizens
Write your congressman and support a permanent and fair change to the law!
Who's paying their way? Most average Va families can't afford an education since our jobs are all gone or given it cheap labor
I wonder how much scholarship money is going to these kids
They work to pay tuition as they are not eligible for any governmental financial aid. That's a positive!
Uh, I dont think so.
@RepComstock Will you support DACA students continuing to receive in state tuition at VA colleges? Your constits deserve to know your pos!
Enough already! Tired of DACA!! How about ACA fix first.
#DEPORT illegal aliens NOW Keep American Citizens safe from invaders who only want to take advantage of USA 
#KatesLaw
BLOOD on YOUR hands
I'm guessing their being in our schools illegally is of little consequence to you in your pandering
Well, do your duty and get a law in place! POTUS is NOT the branch of government that makes law!

We need 2 attack our deficit w/the same vigor as giving away free stuff.  Raising the debt limit repeatedly does nothing 2 reduce the debt!
So stop tweeting and propose a law!!
Democrats are so useless in times of crisis such as the rescinding of DACA.
And we are paying for.  Send them packing
American kids have dreams too. They should be your priority, not criminals. #DEPORT
So many Russian #bots here! Y'all say howdy to Vlad for me. these kids are as much American as any of us.
Pressure for vote on #DreamAct.Lend your voice to that of @TedLieu @SenSchuner etc..Upper hand to  dems! Stop being timid! We are NOT#Resist
Please yes!

Hopefully they're not getting free tuition, that would be insulting to legal Americans.
If they came here with illegal parents how they afford all of this OH were paying for it
Ok so what is your plan to help them outside of hashtags and tweets.  Please DO something
You and those like you don't care about these people. You only care about their future vote. Why Obama created the program in the 1st place
Not unless you enact legislation. Get off of twitter and pen a law.
The ingorance is astounding (not really) in these comments
Wonder how many of them got preferential treatment over American citizens? In state tuition gov assistance ect...  Deport them all now!
#vile #bot (Hi, Vlad!)
How many have applied for citizenship with their love of America? Or are they afraid the free ride will end?
They don't qualify to apply for citizenship under their DACA status.
More likely if they apply for citizenship they will be put at the end of the line behind other more qualified candidates
You know, the people trying to become citizens legally
That us working folks are paying for You still don't have a clue do you Tim?
you can go with them to mexico and hold their hand if they are a snowflake
imagine, they can go to mexico and make it great again now that they have received such a great education in the USA
#bot
Yes working hard to get a good education unlike many rurals who keep complaining they have bern left behind #MAGA

Name one.
Arn't we all #Dreamers really ?
#IAmADreamer
Compared to the gazillion white Appalachian meth/opioids trash here in south.#TN #VA #WV #KY #cylcesofpoverty #cyclesoflazy #cyclesoffelons
Thank you for standing up for Dreamers!  My Med student's roommate is among them!
And here I am Saving up for my grand kids college funds....
annnd your point again? I thought you meant something racist, but I'm not sure.
So figure it out instead of complaining
Keep up the fight America opened it arms to all our families they should have the same thing they were children
Denise, punctuation please.
SENATOR NOW THAT CONGRESS IS IN SESSION !LET US WORK TOGETHER ON THIS !LET US PASS SOMETHING TO HELP ?WE HAVE 6 MONTHS!
Senator Kaine why don't you tell the dreamers about the big lie you and the Democrats and Obama,u told them it was law
You have proven with this statement that you are violating our Constitution and Laws and should be removed from office immediately
DACA is unlawful, unconstitutional, and you know it.
Says the white man who has no concept of the issue.
Constantly stating that illegals are somehow superior to Americans is now a pillar of the dnc.
you're white aren't you?
I'm quiet brown actually.  Native American on both sides.  I identify as American.  Race is a choice.
No, dude, race is not a choice. How you identify. No matter what I claim, I am no more Native American than Winston Churchill.
Go ask Rachael dolezal.  Everyone is mixed beyond the point of knowing or mattering.  Wealth plays 10x greater role in American social statu
I'm white. That's it. I've had my DNA sequenced.
White isn't a race.  Are you German? Irish? Italian?  All have been marganilized to some degree at some point.
So much fake concern.  So little action.  Why couldn't Dems pass immigration reform when controlling all 3 branches of government?  Cowards?
A: #GOP obstruction in Senate. Any other questions, hoss?
They had all 3 branches of government.  The rammed through obamacare and wrecked the insurance markets without a single r vote. Excuses
Republicans had a chance to shape the ACA but sat with their thumbs up their assess in racial opposition. Fact. But keep trying.
Are they paying Tuition or tax payer picking up tab?
Timmy try supporting legal immigration not illegal. Don't give illegals a free ride . Do your job
DACA is unconstitutional. Stop whining on twitter and do something like work with GOP to solve
Nah, plenty of foreigners are enrolled in our schools. They'll go home just like "DREAMers."
Kaine could you please go!!!
And why sure more patriotic then  you trying to help america
So sponser a bill
