We should be working on a #singlepayer solution to take insurance out of universal health care. #MedicareForAll
Take out insurance and add government? #Repeal
So exactly what we have now. This is the result of EVERY big govt plan.
just get medical costs in check - heavens, this country controls the price of our eggs we eat at b'fast. Why can't they control medical cost
Cost control isn't what's needed. Medicare succeeds b/c they set Price & Qual. Learn what ins don't want u to know:
You and Dawn r saying the same thing
No, I don't think we are. Words matter. We don't need a wave of forcing Medicos to lower 'costs'. We need agreements on what We will 'pay'.
agreements of what we pay either influences costs or omits lrg swath of people from meaningful ins.
Instead of repeating fake news he should be focused on where he messed up as a parent. Start with having no values.
Oh please. Those pics are  signs of both sons exercising their rights as Americans.
If you are getting a mug shot that means you broke the law genius. Breaking the law isn't a right, LMAO.
Medicare for all!
sick of your negativity, please find another job and take warren,dean,shumer,pelosi,wyden,wall Mart is looking for shelf stockers!
Not worry, when @CoreyStewartVA takes your seat,  you still have that protected Congressional healthcare.  Like you really give a damn
Corey stewart can't even win a republican primary.
open market  not government subsidized.
Universal Health Care for all USA citizens! Wake up USA!
Of course, let government decide who is worth saving and who has to die to save cost. Like the European nations. That's stupid

Just let the free market do its job and get government out of health care.
I really want to hear your fix Tim so post some real thoughts instead of doom and gloom hysteria


possibly pointing out the benefits of Obamacare and how it can be adjusted could be a focus shift.
A Single Payer Universal system is the only reasonable policy for Democrats to be fighting for.  Get out of the way, Palooka.
McConnell has stated he does not want dem involvement-at all. More interested in 2018 ads then US people
Fuck bipartisan.they can't be reason with.the only way for us to deal with them is to crush them under our boot hill.
You go Medicaid for all or go right.that your only http://options.you  are ethier with the American people or against us.
How can one get less than the no-care under Obama's high rates and $10,000 deductibles? Yes, I am covered but can't afford to file a claim!
So, yes. Work on that, please.
We've seen your fix already, #Obamacare boy.
Agreed
Ironic, right? Vote delay by @SenateMajLdr so @SenJohnMcCain (decent guy) can recover from very expensive brain surgery. GOP can't govern.
Keep fighting for all Americans!
What you in congress need to do is understand lower premiums,does mot equal lower deductibles
will take anything the Trump has to offer as long as Obama name is not on it that's the real reason for this whole mess
it's not trumpcare. it's RINOcare. @SenateGOP
I thought Obamacare was supposed to bring down costs. Your almighty government has forever screwed up healthcare.
where you been hiding for 8 years, tim?
Just like they did with Obamacare, thanks but no thanks to Dems help on this one.
You mean you want the Republicans to help you Democrats? Cool we can help Fix  OBAMACARE
You forget exploding premiums. Hosp will recoup write offs by passing costs to insured and cash paying customers. This is a tax increase
On millions of middle class tax payers.
Sounds just like the future of Obamacare... Why are you so disappointed then dipstick ?
well Timmy, get your behind in the Senate and start working with Republicans on the proposed bill instead of inflaming everyone! Hypocrite!!
Sadly it appears that the Republicans just want to repeal ACA. It seems like they want to stick it to the people who need help most.

Tim same thing happened with Obamacare...costs increase and care does not improve... that's what happens when government gets involved.
By bipartisan you mean cave in let the democrates make all the rules r they won't help us. How about working to make the new care better.
Don't vote on it, let the last remaining insurer leave next year and they will have nothing. No Obama care no Obama care light.
Stop trying to save Obamas legacy and save American citizens instead.
True affordable health care doesn't need incentives or penalty.
Calling it a tax penalty or an incentive doesn't change the truth that it is extortion, an 80 yr old woman doesnt need maternity insurance.
There is no fixing Obama care, it is a sinking ship and no amount of duct tape is going to keep it from sinking.
Plus aca wanted 1400.00a month for half the coverage a 5000.00 deductible and a 65.00 Co pay.
My premiums have tripled since Obama care mandates came in. Eleven hundred monthly no deductible low co pay from work.
That is the result of OCare which is unsustainable. You failed at being a father and we are suppose to listen to you on health care.
Wow.  Blaming the family.  So much for GOP doing personal responsibility.  Disgusting.
Obamacare is a good start. It needs to be improved. If less people are insured, the overall cost to the economy goes up.
Sen Kaine you keep referring to Obamacare which you helped ram down America's throats. Get it right. No wonder you are t the VPOTUS
Tactics to freak ppl out. Stop falling 4 it. We need to come together as a nation & stop the democrats & left dictate what and how we think
Medicare & Medicaid are not a good example of when govnmt work well. TimKaine & the rest of the horrible OBama supporters cont. to use scare
Thanks for breaking it in the first place.
There is no bipartisan fix involving today's GOP. One side wants to offer care, other side wants to take away care. There is no midpoint.
Trump administration is anything but fair and bipartisan.. Kind of sickening
u had 7 years to do that
It's been decades some Congress has worked in a bipartisan manner.
Senator you really should be quiet! As an attorney you should know better than some of the things that you say...
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @marcorubio
cost to much to save a child the government decides to let a child die. Don't want them deciding when a life isn't cost effective to save
Act instead of preach. What are you going to DO about it?  
That's what I want to hear. #DemocratInTexas
But, Sen Kaine, they promised nobody would lose care.  Does this mean they LIED to us?  In an effort to secure tax breaks for themselves?

Thank you for continuing to fight and resist the craziness that exists due to the negativity
How could anything not be better than the dem created omgcare
There is more than meets the eye, Medicaid gone, women's health gone,  pre-existing gone, higher premiums on. The GOP are killing Americans.
@potus Why do you make honoring the Oath of Office so difficult...Committing  to do your best is a lot easier then a unrealistic promise...
Congress is bound and determined to jump off the cliff.
Sonehow Government thinks they lead. Wrong they represent the people. Enough CONVENTION  of STATES.
Millions will die because Obamacare is Crashing and Burning. All on Democrats so dispictable.
but instead you're hell-bent on making America week again and blocking @donaldtrump Donald Trump
I think we should keep Obama Care and Crash and Burn. With it all being on the Democrats.People will die with insurance co pull out. !!!
From their despicable agenda we need to use their own resources and stopbern Mr. Nice guy
I think that instead of cooperating with the GOP Democrats must concentrate in grass roots elections to reduce their power and stop them
Repeal and replace!
@BarackObama said it himself.."The ACA is not perfect"! It was a start 2 Healthcare! Reps & Dems were suppose 2 work on it & make it Great!
Republicans in Washington haven't spent a day working for the American people in decades.

Thank you for helping us fight this evil legislation, which hurts our Republican friends, too.
.@timkaine .@MarkWarner Wray has ties to Rosneft. Do you intend to confirm for this admin YET ANOTHER MAN who has Russian ties?

Just remove three words - "65 and older" - from Medicare legislation.
Couldn't be simpler!
#MedicareForAll NOW!
Mr.Kane,u guys got robbed!but know one said life is fair,so,no excuses,get back up and prove u should be President
.
Tim Lame Kaine will bend over for the GOP anytime they come calling.
Then DO IT...!  Work with them...Geez
Yeah tweet about bipartisanship.  Your actions say otherwise.
The only thing that does that is cash, "Senator".
Please, Medicare for all! Treat all Americans the same - equal access and care. No more rich vs poor!
Why aren't you??
No offense and mild defense of the  #BCRA: the more u call it @realDonaldTrump Care the more he's said DJT will like it and we lose. Thanks!
It will
You are correct. Healthcare isn't free market, it's price fixing. Why are US HC costs higher than every other developed nation?
McConnell doesn't understand the meaning of the word bipartisan.
So why isn't that happening yet?
I would like to hear that the Dems have submitted their amendment to fix ACA.  Can't keep saying you weren't invited when the party is over.
Exactly!  Medicare for all!
Want to work on what really matters? Override special interests; set Price & Quality. Which is why Medicare works:
My goodness we have a scoop here.  Medicare works!!!!   Obviously you ain't on Medicare.
SENATOR MAYBE I  CAN CONVINCE OUR PRESIDENT; TO ORDER ;BOTH PARTIES TO WORK TOGETHER !ON A PLAN!
Like #Obamacare? Which brought higher costs 4 less care. That was really bipartisan alright. Must gall 2 admit it almost killed healthcare.
Trump don't care
when r u going 2 answer my question about what u r doing 2 chg repubs minds I ask every time u post & u never answer a primary can suck 4 u
Don't even dignify it w/ that. It is an unconstitutional attack on Americans masquerading as 'reform'. All it does is damage those in need!
Just curious but what article of the constitution guarantees you health insurance?  Or even gives the fed gov. The right to dictate it?
I have ACA non subsidized plan that I love. Rates going up 30% a year, have preexisting issues, scared will lose coverage. #SaveAca #FixIt
#RepublicanCare please
You don't have a clue.
ONLY IF MORE SENATORS THOUGHT LIKE SENATOR KAINE . IT WOULD BE MUCH BETTER WORLD
Maybe so. But first have to admit the ACA is not overly beneficial to average taxpaying families. Pretty sure you can't do that.
Cool. When you don't make it a personal attack, neither will I. I'm for bipartisanship discussions. Stop the hateful attacks.
Call out the Cruz amendment in particular. It would destroy the individual market for all but the young and healthy.
Call out the ins & spec int who are true foes of why we don't hv affordable care for all. Learn what they hide:
@timkaine talk about what those plans are instead of endlessly complaining
Yeah, because politicians always out-perform the free market economy.
Free market special interests are who are preventing a fix. Learn what they don't want you to know:
I do not disagree, but special interests donate to politicians, not us. Why is that? Great article though.
True, now corner every GOP colleague within earshot and lay it out to him/her. This must NOT pass.
