What about Puerto Rico?
They've been clamoring for  their independence or do you reckon they want our $$$ first?
You're my senator, so who should I call.
I have badass Senators too. I’m calling the ones on the fence. @lisamurkowski @SenRandPauI @SenatorCollins @SenMikeLee

@SenTedCruz @SenRandPauI @SenMikeLee @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Please. We are begging you. We know what’s hidden. Bad #GrahamCassidyNO
Is this the last time they're gonna try this crap? Or are we gonna go thru this every other month?
Told this is it. We just need to get through next week. If U look at my tweets, list is there. Please call & Tweet. Gemini’s don’t quit. 
Thanks for info. Reading so much it gets a bit overwhelming at times. I probably read but forgot. Memory is the 1st to go can't recall 2nd.
ACA was crammed through!  You are a liar!
People. I know you’re tired, but we only have one week left. We’re Americans. Together we can do anything. Call GOP #GrahamCassidyNO
Quick... send me an obamaphone so I can call
They will try again with budget CR
It will keep happening at least through 2018
I 100% support the repeal of the collapsing debacle known as ACA
Jam it through? You mean like Obamacare? 
It’s not perfect for sure, but both sides of the aisle worked on it for 1.5 yrs. This one written within a week in secret. No discussions.
We too won't let them win. We have to call them, tweet at them, send them emails to make our voices heard. This bill is wicked and heartless
Like YOU jammed Obama Care through. You have a lot of nerve senator. Too bad you talk out of both sides of your mouth!
Make your voices heard tell Tim Kaine we don't want to pay 60% more for ObamaCare next year in Virginia and he shouldn't be promoting this
But you won't support Medicare For All??
We think you should pool he military insurance with the Anthem payers & optima then  they are The un-coverage policies & get shunned at Dr..
Support Medicare for all and finally provide the care Americans deserve!
Agree. Also need to get a viable candidate ready and out there ASAP or history will repeat itself. Not the time to think of a party but USA
Go bernie for prez pocahontus for vp. Winner winner chicken dinner hehehehehe
Your employees are too rough at the education office for higher education they belong at a training program. Health department training also
We can't rest ez w any of thm in power
My 12 year old daughter says @timkaine looks like that perv uncle at holiday gatherings
What is your solution ?
Thank you for standing up for everyone! We will keep calling.
Yes yes yes yes   call Murkowski  Collins  Capito  and email too
If the GOP is going to be pro-life then it cannot support this bill.  In this case, all lives do matter!
Thy just care if it's connected to a women if not who cares
Make your voices heard about ANTIFA too.
Especially your son
Rest easy my friend. 
YOUR NOT IN POWER
Smiling at me is not what I am talking about ! for training.  Doing and makin the difference is what they are not doing.
Virginia ,Richmond & Norfolk have an "endyou" routine that reminds me of organized white collar crime at the medical, Utility&College level.
Jam it thru.....u mean like aca ?
I think Hillary wants u so she can read her book to u on a one on one discussion of what happened , she missed I few reasons u ca remind her
Trump using distractions again, aware from healthcare. Hopes people won't protest. Please post phone #'s again. Millhauser has great list

Time to kill the ACA one and for all.  Terrible healthcare. A theft from@hard working Americans to those who don’t. Must repeal and replace.
I don't think we can rest easy anyways, but thanks for the offer.
and u could not rest before until ramming the very partisan ACA through, #hypocrite
We can't rest easy, period.

It is the #VietnamWarPBS era ALL OVER AGAIN everything that happened the PRESIDENT THEN IS THE PRESIDENT NOW #25thAmendmentNow #Impeach45
I think our top priority right NOW is to remove 45 from office the world is going to end if we don't #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow 
Repeal 0bamacare
You have the power CONGRESS OUR SENATORS HAVE ALL THE POWER these peeps do NOT listen to our voices they only listen to their DICTATOR 45 
What do you mean?

Yes and get TRUMP IMPEACHED!!
So now that Obamacare is failing you call it ACA!  Hahaha
Time for you to be on Obamacare!
Do you care about all the people suffering with those high premiums
I'm not with you TK. ACA is designed to lead to single payor - bad news.
You tried to make your voice  heard when you ran for VP how did that work out lol 
Kaine helped HRC lose by runn
The clock will run out on ACA, and it will die a under its own weight. Then the Dems will want to bargain for a free-market healthcare model
Exactly Bernies already pitching single payer,in 1997 he said it would Bankrupt Nation now it's the golden ring he is as worthless as Kaine
Please make 45 go away #tyrantsalwaysfall
Thank you!
The NFL distraction was a very interesting diversion. Can't fool all of us though. We will stop this ridiculous bill. Dems put others first.
Dems put themselves first they've been selling that lie for decades its old worn out blacks worse off today than 50 yrs ago
Why not, Obamacare was rammed down our throats.
Replace and repeal Obamacare !!!!
O care a lie forced on Americans to spread wealth tonpay for illegals so they would vote for Dems that's the truth a true disaster for us
We can’t rest easy until you impeach Trump. #Trumpcare #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Really, we can't rest easy until @POTUS is out of the WH.  But I get your point.
Like Obamacare was shoved down our throats? Get rid of that mess
Shouldn't you be home in St Paul trying to ruin those people's lives?
GOP has tried to repeal Social Security on and off for 80 years. Naive to believe this will be any different. They’ll never stop. Never.
Writing and calling telling everyone I run into but it's amazing the tell me Iam wrong fox news says I still try

#TrumpRussia - Here's the WHOLE story
Let's make it VIRAL

Make no mistake...We are at war - #TheResistance…
Morgan Freeman I just really like him & most of his opinions I don't believe Trump colluded w/ Russia however I don't put it past Russia 2 I
#DisbandGOP. They are #NaziTrump sympathizers.
Thanks for bringing up what TRUMP tried to derail. He is so against anything that is for the American people. He is only for himself, SHAME
I'm sorry you can't think for yourself and follow moronic social-communist in their lies? Maybe you can get professional help someday
SENATOR I WILL DO MY BEST TO HELP SIR!
#REALVICEPRESIDENT already on it!
Got the phone numbers on my desk @work... Will do!! Thanks for all you are doing!
Thanks for sticking with this weekends subject. Trump tried to derail the show. U stuck up for it. You are the respectful American, not him.
Deluded individual
Isn't if funny how the GOP is actually doing everything they baselessly claimed Dems did with Obamacare? GOP = the Irony Party
Dems = dishonesty lies corruption atheism socialcommunism destruction of America amoral criminal
It ca t be any worse the obamacare im forced to have insurance i cant offord thank you
Exactly neither can we something must change soon
Call/email senators http://www.factpower.org/calltoactionhealthcare.html …
Stories to Sen Finance Com http://www.factpower.org/specialcalltoaction.html …
Quicktweet http://www.factpower.org/healthcare-tweetstorm.html … #SaveACA
Run the clock out. No taking chances. Lives are at stake!!!
We can't rest easy until you resign! Please resign, Loser-Tim Kaine.
