32 million? 10 million more now? Amazing!? Not having a mandate means more people won't be forced to buy something they didn't want!
If they do nothing what will you do Tim when the ACA goes down the tubes? Or do you believe it is just fine as it is?
And wants more of our money He is the typical dimm tax more and spend more gettin nothing to show for it #WorkingManBlues
Amen brother!!
Just so you know, they're not listening.
We must have expressed passion from the democratic senators! Put them to the fire Mr. Kaine! I have called states with one repub- one dem!
ObamaCare has failed. People are going without care & people are dying on ObamaCare. Repeal this Failure!!!
Many of them voluntarily
Where do you get that number? Most would be people who decide they don't want health insurance or a catastrophic plan at most.
PRESSURE THEM! Capito 202-224-6472 Heller 202-224-6244 Lee 202-224-5444 Murkowski 202-224-6665 Paul 202-224-4343 Portman 202-224-3353
I'm not sure you understand what replace means 
Kicking 32 million people off their healthcare is what Obamacare did you clown   
Saved my life...CLOWN
Ya I'm sure it did 
There isn't 32 million using ACA. A third of that, but how many of that are paying? Take your Communism somewhere else.
Hear me loud and clear"Repeal and Replace". Oh, buy the way Trump is  our President. Show the Support and Respect he deserves.
I have a easy fix. Put everyone on Medicare. Put insurance companies out of business expcept for optional supplement insurance.
good idea...remember the big lie, that was a joke to you.....you can keep your plan and doctor, oh and it will be cheaper, smh
Senator- Obamacare has failed. If you don't work with the majority, you are making the problem worse. That makes you the problem! #maga
You just make up numbers until you hit a big enough one that people believe your insanity?? #FakeNumbers #MAGA
No real insurance. Copay so high insurance so bad. Why don't you have it
32 million who didn't want it in the first place, comrade.
From hero to hypocrite. @SenJohnMcCain dr approved his return to vote on taking AWAY OUR healthcare while he gets free lifesaving care? SICK
#CRUEL & #INHUMANE belongs to @GOP if they choose to support #CORRUPT in further destruction of ACA#TREASON is the only legacy remaining.
That's an outrageous statement. If it's repealed it would have to be replaced. Tweets like this are why nothing gets done. Term limits!
The #GOP knows; they don't care.
do not repeal and replace the aca I and a whole lot of Americans really need this to keep insurance.
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL. This has hurt my costs and benefits
that's a lie. Without illegal mandate people can choose, not be forced!
I am so sick of your ridicule what about that millions of people that can't afford insurance now because of your selfishness
Plz give us instructions on how to let the GOP know their legislation is wrong.
Unfortunately, Senator, the GOP has made it clear that the majority of Americans have no voice.
I'd relax if I were you. Republicans are beginning to realise that they were initially right about Trump, that he's a liability
It good to have a senator have
A good herat
THANK YOU for opposing Republican efforts to take away health insurance from millions of Americans, Senator Kaine!
You care MORE about your job than you do Virginians. Wait.. because you're not a Virginian. Do your job. Repeal. Now!
I am here in DC trying disabled and all! @timkaine
Simply repeal the mandate and see how many Americans voluntarily don't buy insurance via the unaffordable ACA markets #ACARepeal
They don't care Timmy that's what they want
#fakenews
This is a lie! Millions of young people who have had to pay not to purchase insurance will be able to decide freely without penalty!
give me the same plan as congress...subsidize it with funds from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. ..like Obamacare. ..
They're going to lose it anyway. Obamacare is crap
.@timkaine @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins keep our healthcare safe. #NoRepeal #SaveACA
Where are you getting your numbers?  Fake News Senator!  Only 7% are covered by obama scare.  How come you are not on the ACA???
Timmie is so full of hate & divisiveness that he's unable to tell the truth. Everything is propaganda, rhetoric & lies. Hypocrite. #MAGA
Just emailed both Tn senators but I know they will vote to repeal.
Thank you Senator Kaine! Please keep fighting against the ACA repeal!!
I will as soon as you offer an amendment that places you & the Senate under #ACA, a program from which YOU voted to exclude yourselves.
Thank you for being such a wonderful leader. Proud to be a Virginian.
Full repeal
Don't let 'em do it, Senator.  It's life and death for some.  Please continue to fight for the vulnerable (even those who don't/can't vote).
Yeah you would have the government wiping people's butt too wouldn't you Tim. Is your son still in jail? Lousy parenting Tim way to go!! Dad
CALL 302-224-3121 & tell your Senators to vote NO. I trust @SenJohnMcCain who knows the value of #healthcare will vote NO tomorrow
He's a yes right now unless you have some dramatic inside info.
Sad to hear that. #McCain is a better man than Ted Kennedy was, yet Kennedy spent his last days on earth fighting FOR #healthcare for all
Until I hear McCains vote, I will believe with all my heart he would not take #healthcare away from millions to appease his political party
No Tim, you have your facts wrong. CBO makes it clear that most would drop their coverage – once they weren't required to buy it.
U r stuck on stupid.1st this always wrong CBO said 22M & 16M of that would leave voluntarily to not be on it. http://amp.nationalreview.com/corner/449765/leaked-cbo-numbers-73-gop-coverage-losses-caused-individual-mandate-repeal …
I have called and I just get, mail boxes are full.

We know that's a lie. Keep lying. That's why you are not VP
This is a lie and you know it. Do you know what that makes you?

Who makes up these numbers?
Repeal would ptovide Trump a win, so it's worth at least 35 million
Show me in Constitution where U are delegated authority to manage States insurance companies.
You can't
It's not there.
STOP IT!
#FullRepeal
@LeslieMarshall Liar
How did u get 32M? CBO scores much less
Call202-224-3121
Tim Kaine will you now advocate for Medicare for all?
Tim why don't you tell everyone what you base these assertions upon?
#ThankYou Sir!
Now its 32 million 5 days ago it was 20 million. Admit your clueless
Obamacare untouchable
Timmy you lie. There are over 32M on horrible 0bamacare today who can't use it because it's too expensive. Repeal and replace!
I'm glad that you are my Senator!  Thank-you!
Last week it was 22 million??????
Called both my TN senators today, have called many times (+ letters, faxes) on this & other issues. Do what I can for my voice to be heard!
Repeal Obamacare now!!!

Veteran's don't need Medicaid and how many people that can work are in Medicaid?
FAKE NEWS

And most of those will be people that do NOT like the government dictating what they should buy !!! Open the market across state lines!
I give up. Just let them repeal it. But give hospitals the right to deny treatment if someone doesn't have insurance.
So you're ok with millions losing insurance and then hospitals have the right to deny them help? So how many people do you want to see die?
CBO says 73% of your so called getting kicked off is actually choice. No mandate no fine they pass on insurance. HSA is a better option.
Your figures Change daily by the millions levees me to think your guessing is that true ?
sent  several messages to both Flake & McCain & have NEVER even received an answer to my questions! I know how I will vote next time
Stop the lib bs. 73% of those exiting insurance w/b b/c the individual mandate is cancelled. Obamacare cancelled millions of insur. policies
That's not true at all. More Americans had health insurance than ever before thanks to ACA.
@timkaine proud u r my senator. Your office is still getting a call 2morrow but only b/c #s matter Thank G d u know right from wrong
Tired of LYING POLITICIANS!   A couple of hours ago your number was 30 million?  All based on fictitious calculations by the CBO...

Repeal ACA and replace with #MediCareForAll
Get the profiteers *out* of our healthcare!
More than half of which can't pay the deductible.
Any senator who votes for bill, having not even seen it, is guilty of dereliction of duty. Hands were on a bible. Let that mean something
You are talking about the democratic vote for Obamacare aren't you? Peloton " pass it to see what's in it".
Pelosi

make ACA congressionals health care coverage
I didn't know that there were that many illegal aliens stealing services for our citizens
Illegals can't get federal benefits or ACA healthcare. Find something else to blame them for. And they say liberals are whiney...
Thank you Senator Kaine for opposing a straight repeal of the ACA.
Give me a break.  Anything out of your mouth is fake news.  They are so many off of it now because of the cost.  Terrible plan now
What good is health insurance if you have to spend $25,000 on premiums and deductibles before it pays. Better off without it.
a person's right to not be mandated to pay for and buy a product does not mean they are kicked off
Per your constituent: I would like you to repeal and replace ACA Senator. Obamacare is failing: please repeal and fix the mess!
Trump & GOP make it about "winning."  My son & I will lose essential benefits.  Not just exchanges that will be destroyed.  Shame on them!
You don't know what you'll lose because nothing has been placed into law
Perhaps they'll ALL become voters. Had they ALL voted... no congressional district, state, or Country would be here now.
I think they know how we feel!
32 million in a country of 380 million Mr Kaine is not good. So I will keep pointing that out and fight to repeal.
When you see @SenatorIsakson tell him to answer his phone!! Have called over 100 times, left #...with no call back! 
Appreciate it! YOU ROCK
That is stunning since only 10.3M are on Obamacare. #Liar
Don't confuse him with actual numbers he's a little slow in the uptake only 10 mill ever got ins. Through Obamacare and exchages
If it sinks the first time you step in it, it will stink over and over again. What don't these republicans get. Stop it already
Are they listening, or shutting out the voices of their own constituents?
Have been using @botresist and writing to those I can find since I've been home!
Senator Kaine, You speak as if we won the election...  We only wish.  Reform is needed: the issue deserves bi-partisan debate and voting
We did win the election. We won by 2.8 million votes.
Brained washed
Hey Tim, enroll in ACA if you feel so strongly.

One question why did people pay almost 3 billion in fines to NOT HAVE ACA??

You clown.
You live in VA? If you don't have car insurance here you pay a fine. Insulting him really got your point across too.
Time to repeal!
Bot account
HOW DO THEY NOT CARE?!
8 million currently enrolled in Obamavare but eliminating it would kick of 32 million. #DemocratMath #ScareTactics #Liars #SocialismSucks
Ok Tim answer one simple question if nothing is done will ACA survive???

You aware the AHCA has a mandate too?
Do you even care about the people who are paying triple premiums and can't afford to even use it. #REPEAL for Virginia
Tim, we the people need you, @MarkWarner , & other sane members of Congress to back us, the people, using powers of the 20th to remove trump
The GOP sees no consequences for repealing ACA so what is the way to make them care?
Why the same lie over and over ....millions would choose not to pay for worthless high deductible high premium Obama care.
It's cheaper to pay the mandate/fine. Are you saying people paid more than that because they were forced to pay for insurance instead?
Repeal.
You still dismiss the working middle class who are being financially raped to pay for it all. So much for your new slogan.
#RepealObamacare
Call @SenatorCollins @RandPaul @CapitoforWV @SenBobCorker @SenDeanHeller @senrobportman @lisamurkowski @SenSasse @BillCassidy
202-224-3121
PLEASE vote no on heartless #healthcare Work together to fix problems with #ACA "First Do No Harm" to millions of Americans
