Trump steadfastly refuses to release his tax forms; could they reveal his ties to Russia??
Only thing concerning me is corruption in the Obama admin & the spying on private citizens. #ComeyDay The obstruction narrative is dead.
Cry me a river. LOL > @MarkWarner
P.S.
Hey Mark! I said I'd be laughing at you at the end of the day. And I am.
"Plenty of smoke. No gun. But plenty of smoke"
LOL
Tim, you are so predictable. I, as a Virginian, do not wish to be identified with your knee jerk liberal reactions.
Obviously Comey is a demtard . To admit he leaked to the press through a demtard college teacher. Comey hah. Give him enuff rope AND what.
 It was Trump who leaked the info about the meeting with Comey in an interview. Why so why wouldn't Comey release his own statements
Liberal Democratic LOL of the day. No credibility w/ Trump witch hunt and MSM false narratives. Simply shameful. #MAGA
You all say there was proof on Russia - Where is it ?  Complete BS. Comey is just as bad as Clinton & Lynch
subpoena trump Whitehouse tapes immediately this will allow you guys to impeach trump and allow American's to move forward.
Tim- verify/rule out this? Inbound on Hilary's brain-phone has "adrenaline release" neural-frequency-sequences: angry "off with their heads"
during the election-- Trump facing something different (probably "in your face" arguments and threats)-- heard both thrown in me
Tell you what i will replying to you when you actually tweet one bit of truth, tey it once its good for the soul, tell truth about hillary
REPUBLICANS NEED TO DEMAND INVESTIGATION OF COMEY/LYNCH
It's time our elected representatives put aside party politics and get  back to work.  No evidence that Trump colluded with Russia. Move on.
No evidence of collusion. Comey leaks memo and loretta wants Comey to downplay the email investigations or should I say matter. Please!!!
Just makin shit up...#creepy #marionette #obstructionist #fascistleft #altleft #ComeyTestimony #ComeyHearings #politicalhack #pathetic
No Timmy,.. Comey's opening statement and subsequent answers reveal committed crimes, leaking, and incompetence, Do U not understand that???
also he can't mess with the tapes in anyway liberate America. From this rebloodican dictatorship.
if you hate Trump that's ok but if you're out of a damn job blame the Democrats and Obama
and don't forget to tell the people that Comey actually admitted a number of times of leaking sensitive information to a college
Big fat nothing burger
Senator McCain's questions were incoherent
Wait, is everyone tweeting you opposed to what you're saying? Not me, proud you're my senator, keep working for us/US
But will there be anything done? No. He will get off scotfree because of his rich cronies.
Lots of Trumpbeciles commenting
conjecture!!
Your running with Hillary was disturbing.
Boo hoo boo hoo boo hoo
You Dems haven't let up one minute on @POTUS. Even before sworn in you were yelling impeachment. Y'all are a bunch of haters and cry babies.
kaine give it up ! You lost get over it ! You an warner are losers
That's funny coming from Clintons running mate
Comey says former AG Loretta Lynch asked him not to refer to the Hillary Clinton email deal as "an investigation" but as a "matter".
Hmm, a President asks a subordinate about the job he's doing. Yep, that's disturbing.
It was game over for your phoney lies. Commey said no one and I repeat no one tried to interfere with investigation so give it up already.
Because you do not listen to what the dude is saying that makes me ignorant LMAO that is fresh thanks I needed a good laugh today.
He who has ears, let him hear. I have ears. Trump's troll team seems not to. Have pie and lean in, pal.
They hear nothing. Their leaders are corrupt and they are easily manipulated. Yet they think they can bully us? HAHA
Trump keeps wrapping rope around his own neck. He'll hang himself. Even his staunchest supporters can't stop him. But oh, th'tantrum 2 come.
You keep thinking that no proof still no proof and there never will be proof because collusion never happened and Commey clrd him of Obstruc
Really Tim...you ran with a lying @HillaryClinton , she showed a disturbing pattern that should have put her in jail!! And she lied to you
He's s hero.
When the debate is lost, slander becomes the tool of the losers. ~Socrates~
Alt-left has gone mad.
Comey's opening statement confirms a disturbing pattern of actions taken by the Trump Admin leading up to and after his firing #ComeyDay
The fact that people care what you think is more disturbing than all the BS on twittwr
No it proves he hated Trump all along, so much for being "independent"
How can you say Comey hated Trump when he was up his behind all through and after election
Kaine is a sore loser. He was an ineffective campaigner, teamed with a uninspiring candidate.
#Trump's America First means America Last  #RussiaGate #TheResistance #ComeyDay
Our Exec. Branch is not functioning, dishonest and in disarray.
Disturbing?  It's a nothing burger like you.
Thank you for your continued efforts to rip apart out nation.
Disgruntled because he was fired.
Shut up devil man
Pot, meet kettle!
7.5 more years of DJT
This is what delusional looks like 
An honest man calling out the president's lies and character  #ComeyDay
Honest men know there was intent to have a private server. I hate trump but i hate double talk from guilty people worse
lol u mad?
You uttering a word is disturbing.
