Force Trump to help Puerto Rico!
2/2 who suffer w/chronic pain. I’ve been living like this for 8 years  There are a lot of us who take our meds as prescribed.
FALSE! THE MAJORITY ON MEDICAID IS ILLEGALS AND THEY DEFINITELY DESERCE TO LOSE THEIR HEALTHCARE AND GIVE IT TO OUR VETERANS!
And veterans LOSE under Trumpcare!
Trump supporters don't want healthcare and obviously have no need for dentistry
Paid DNC troll
Not true !! There are a large number of "Freeloaders" You need to do some research.
OMG. You ppl make me crazy.
#Medicaid recipients have been given false info regarding #GrahamCassidy. The bill doesn't take Medicaid and pre-existing.
I agree. Let them lose it under Odumbacare. If you like a failure, you can keep it.
Counting on you because I can't count on my own senators from Nebraska.  Kill this bill and find positive fixes for #ACA.
Fact: in my state you must be elderly, disabled, a minor, or a parent of minors to receive Medicaid. That is who Medicaid is for!
Who is your health care provider, Timmy?
Why are so many kids and “ people” on Medicare ?
Educate yourself. If you can tweet you can Google. Medicare and Medicaid are two different things.
lies
1/2Please continue to advocate for all of us! I’m 43yo & have multiple disabilities. I also hope this opioid crisis won’t hurt those
GOP have proven to be spineless , who refuse to rein trump in and are like dogs w/a bone re: repeal ACA. Time 2 mobilize. Long but please RT
Already essentially lost it under ACA, higher premiums and outrages deductibles
An illegals,don't forget about the most important segment of collectors.
If your wonderful plan had worked, we wouldn't be having this discussion.
Here is my NICU boy. He would have hit his cap by the time he was coming home at the months old and he wasn't out of the woods by then.
Thank you for sharing. I bet NICU nurses hate what the Republicans are trying to push on us. Saving lives is not Trumpcare @realDonaldTrump
Nor is Socialist Health Care. Gov takes a lot, gives a little. And No Freedom of Choice!
If the Republican Congress is so against government provided health care, why do they all have it?

@realDonaldTrump 
#MAGA
#TheResistance
Than why is Congress exempt from Obamacare, and allowed to use taxes to purchase own Ins?
Ya got me? I think Congress should have to take what they concoct for taxpayers. If they get a Cadillac plan, so should we.
Btw, this is false. Congress is not "exempt from ACA". It's a right-wing rumor that got started somehow.
Than why is Congress exempt from Obamacare, and allowed to use taxes to purchase own Ins?
Than why is there a law suit over it?
And as far as I can tell they are not - now folks that were Medicaid expansion might but not in same categories - be truthful for once!
If you like Obamacare why are you guys exempt from it
Thank you for opposing Obamacare repeal but let's get everyone healthcare - support Medicare for all!
Cant wait tillObamacare sinks nTrump doesn't authorize the bailout,dem babies gonna stay in hospital.Or Liberals cando what ya do best,abort
Well Tim,that is why you lost!Lying to americans,the "Dem" way,scaring old folk,letting inner cities collapse under Dem rule#stopthekilling.
Medicaid is a STATE issue - Feds need to get out of healthcare and grant money to states
and they won't!  FUD raker
Yes they will repubtard.
First, there is no such thing as "trumpcare"  and second, it will be up to the states to handle it, less overhead, MORE money for us.
Even take the governments money for the Medicaid expansion.our republican governor and legislature said no..and you think they’ll do it now.
I do not debate with mindless liberal parrots who cannot pay their own way through life.  Good bye.
Oh look another sore loser what’s wrong is the crowd not big enough... I’ve won the argument crawl back in your hole .. cupcake
Like I said troll my facts won the debate .. you’ve brought nothing to this discussion.  You started ignorant and ended the same way.
No loss of Ins each state gets block grant of$$$ to set up insurance coverage  is va going to refuse the grant?
BlockGrants are not usually adjusted over time to cover inflation, so care will become wrse&worse. Block grants starve programs slowly.
I am one of those. We deserve a system that isn't abused by fraudulent Providers and that doesn't punish good Doctors with bad policy. #fix
And#BarackObama jumped in bed with the insurers,probably got a nice fat "lobby" fee offshore to boot and destroyed health care for most.
US couldn't afford it but Bo/congress expanded #Medicaid to anyone! Gave #vets the shaft! Go after big #Pharma -  I double dog dare you!
Please show where ACA "expanded #Medicaid to anyone". Btw, under ACA vets get additional tax credits for HC. #GrahamCassidy would end that
Medicaid is welfare. Why are we judging HC bill by how many people are on welfare
Medicaid isn't welfare. You should read up on this before spouting off about things you don't understand.
Neither do poor able-bodied adults, for that matter. No one should go without health care, I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
What about the million of lazy people that take advantage of it and don't have any need for free care meanwhile the tax payers foot the bill
You mean the white republican ones?
How much do u wanna bet he has 0 evidence for his "millions of people" claim. Geez these Trump supporters hate math!
What about the million of lazy people that take advantage of it and don't have any need for free care meanwhile the tax payers foot the bill
I suffer TERRIBLYEven the meds I get & surgeries I’ve endured only help but no cure. First our Medicare, then our SS.Death Camps next?
Riddle me this since Obamacare started less per paid by insurers and higher out of pocket deductibles how can you say it’s good
Most of us know this to be true but many do not feel these individuals deserve these benefits.
You have no data to support that (false) claim.
Come here Ed Gillespie Doesn't Care about Nelsonia Va 23414 Vote LtGov RalphNortham PatrioticHumanitarian RoleModel NativeSon HeavenSent
This is not #Trumpcare
My adult daughter is disabled. She is able to still live at home with me as her caregiver because of Medicaid programs.
Thank you Senator Kaine for being real.
Thank you
Yes, thank you. I don't need it but I know many young mothers and elderly whom do.
It's going to literally kill us. I compare Trump to Hitler
We can't rest on our laurels now; don't stop calling until oct 1! #GrahamCassidyBill #SaveACA #HealthcareIsAHumanRight
Who the 1% want dead.
My son almost died at birth, Apgar score was an 0. Thank God his $50,000 1 week hospital stay was covered by the military
Had countless follow-ups. Please continue to help all those who are not as fortunate as us.
But the narcissistic racists don't care about humanity only themselves so what's the point of appealing to their conscience
YES  FOR GRAHAM -CASSIDY!
Unfortunately most Trump supporters don't believe this, Faux News and Republican Rhetoric think it's all illegal immigrants who receive it
Virginians are hard working, honest folks. They don't deserve a partisan stooge, and Clinton bag man for a senator...
here is a deal.all of congress and their staff's go on obamacare. come on big mouth do it!
So what your saying is we need less people in the world
GOP DEATH PANELS WILL RUN OVER BABIES TO FULFILL THEIR LUST FOR TAXPAYER MONEY
My senator, @SenRonJohnson, claims Medicaid is a bridge to a job. What kinds of jobs are kids, seniors, and PwD supposed to get?
Well Obama care not any better do something fix it otherwise my wife has to choose between mental illness medication and pain medication .
Do your job you are paid by the American people who pay taxes do your d*** job

Help us pressure @DNC to support @GDouglasJones to flip Sessions seat in Alabama polls show can beat either candidate but dnc needs to work
MR. KAINE, AM 1
More Timmy LIBERAL BULLSHIT!!!!  ACA is costing Americans MILLIONS of dollars!!!!!!!!!
Here's a question that needs to be asked. Why is govt in charge of healthcare, shouldn't that be a private matter and business
What would be good right about now is if the entire GOP in Washington resigned starting g w/trump. Their all dirty. Except for McCain.
I agree this list do not deserve to lose, what about Middle Class retires who had to go back & work for insurance since we can't afford it?
More need to speak with the same voice.

Nobody cares what you say, jazz hands.
Aren't kids on parents ins. till 26? #ACA forces employers2 insure if hours over 30,limits earnings#REPEALACA @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski
Senatot, every American is willing2 help the needy. Clean the system from illigals, abusers& fraudulents. Keep only the desrving US citizen.
Vote No. the people of this nation do not want it
I beg to differ. They don't deserve to be covered under a failing ACA single payer system with mandates that don't work.
I never did like you much because you supported everything Hillary Clinton stood for including her criminal actions.
After watching HIllary, you, and the Liberal media spin all kinds of false narratives about Trump, I have come to hate the Democratic Party.
Cry some more... that will help
@SenateDems - if you would have passed good healthcare we won't be here !

Lie
Lollipop Kid: I really enjoyed you in the "Wizard of Oz"!
And they wouldn't so why lie about it ...you need to learn how to parent first before criticizing anything
hell they cant afford to use what the democrats gave them. all mine is good for now is emergencies 6500 out of pocket 28% increase this year

Do you know what qualifies for disability it's almost ridiculous now how many people qualify I don't think Medicaid was set up for that
Instead of bitching about @realDonaldTrump write a competitive Bill that fixes our broken systems. Read Edward Deming. #Get2workstopbitching
Miles I like it but they have to fix the fraud and waste and inefficiency. I actually suggested @realDonaldTrump read Deming .
They won’t , read the damn bill
Yes sir, you're so right!
Thank you, Senator. This Oregonian appreciates you.
agree, really agree.  so what are we going to do about this.   i am calling, how about the dems.
Thank you Sen Kaine for reminding us how ugly the new GOP proposed health care bill is.
They wouldn't, stop spreading fearful lies.
Right, because ObamaCare has been so successful
Tim, it is astounding to me that a United States senator has to say that.
Tell me senator are you using ACA? No? How about Social security? No? Didn't think so. Until you are on both programs give me NO advice.
We’re still dealing with #Conservatives who, if @KellyannePolls is any indicator, think the uninsured are lazy & just need to “get a job”.
my sister in WV was vet tech nanny lives on tiny soc sec $ medicaid food stamps.
Ooh the old and the children.  Your go-to scare tactic.  Hypocrite.
They won't. Another scare tactic and lie by you and the Democrats
Don't act stupid! Oh, it's natural! Medicaid will still be there. And disabilities covered under SSA. Seniors have program too!
I doth agree Sir Kaine. When I dost o"r hear one of those daft, tickle-brain persons, I do doubt that there be but air b'twixt their ears!
Please do pardon an o"r-tired woman, Sir Submariner. My message wast meant for thee, and not for Sir Kaine. Mine finger pushed incorrectly.
Ty senator
Yep that's me
YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT THEY DO NOT DESERVE THAT !!
My kid was one. Only way for her to get residential mental health treatment. #MedicaidForOne
THANK YOU for pointing that out.  Now go out there and remind people that children will suffer the most.
kids come from a Animal ! Little babies are murdered because of you ! Your a agent of chthonic deities.

IF WE HAVE TO FIGHT THEM EVERY DAY/WEEK FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE, I WILL DO IT!!!
My adult son is one of them. Thank you for advocating for those most vulnerable.
Why r u acting like Medicaid is gonna kick kids and seniors off Medicaid? They aren't loosing it. Wtf?
Lindsey Graham is willing to Kill More Americans than al-Qaeda did on 9/11.! @voxdotcom @CNN @MSNBC @SenateGOP @DHSgov @CDCgov @WHO @ACLU
You obviously don't know what you're talking about & have no business discussing health insurance. MEDICAID IS NOT INSURANCE.
They wont
What about taxpayers, you know the folks who pay for YOUR healthcare? We can't afford Obamacare and lost our Dr. You have Free Healthcare
Even if they are healthy adults; they still don't deserve to lose coverage!
Vote to impeach @realDonaldTrump our country and lives are in danger!
Go hide in your safe place cupcake.
Nobody is so bad that they deserve Trumpcare!
NOT TRUE!!!  This is a flat out lie!!
Repeal 0bamacare!
We're in this together.  I am lucky and in good health but you don't leave people behind because they're NOT so lucky! All together!
I agree 100%
Because Obamacare left me behind big time.
I can be ur nurse medication
#ThinkCommonwealth
Seniors are not on medicaide, they are on medicare.
Seniors in Nursing Homes are on Medicaid, Bodyart. Medicare only pays for rehab stays. Please do the research on this.
So true! I have a narcolepsy and we all deserve good healthcare. Having money doesn't make you a more worthy person.
Explain how they would instead of peddling fear.
Senator, how many veterans are Medicaid recipients?
Liar. Medicaid is abused and breaking the budget.
I know a disabled 28-year-old young woman. She's on Medicaid. Wonderful person. Can't hold a FT job. Volunteers when able to.
I have genetic diablity and count on coverage for pre existing medical conditions.  Trump and his goons get his way many will die
A good share of Medicare recipients are abusing the program. People that can work, should work, don't work. No rule enforcement.
Who said they would ? Low income & disabled won't lose health benefits
Where's your plan to fix Obama http://rates.You  don't have one you sit on your hands talk crap.Take a paycheck for fixing nothing
Tim, please go away, thank you
Thank you, someone up there has a brain!
And there's a LOT of people collecting Medicaid that shouldn't! FRAUD
Once again you turn it around with the scare tactics, people should have choice for insurance, not govt run health care ,
Like your Antifa son? Why don't you and the Democrats agree to pay for people's insurance so taxpayers aren't forced to
You mean Trumpdon'tCare
This tweet seems to imply some ppl do deserve to lose care. Do better team
I am sure some that should not get slip through the cracks but most need very  much so. What I have read on both plans it is for the rich
Thanks, Senator for caring about lower Americans along with Middle American's. 
Get out the old dusty copy of "Robert's Rules of Order"
Medicare is bankrupt, has yearly documented waste of $60 BILLION a year, raises healthcare costs dramatically, and expands the welfare state
I recieved a proper diagnosis with a vestibular specialist ,Thanks To ACA & expanded Medicaid in my State ,Thanks Obama
AND, 50% of pregnant females in America depend on it!
Go Tim. Keep doing what you know is right.
Health care: As I am reading it rich will have . Middle class, young, old will not have in the years to come. They rather u die 
But working Americans deserve to have our premiums double?
Yes or more so that the low income that gets Medicaid anyway still get it all these lies and scare tactics are nothing but push to socialism
Thank You! Thank You! 
Trumpcare.  Seriously?  Fake news.   He's had nothing to do with it. Can't wait to vote for who ever runs against you.
Nursing home clients, the most vulnerable depend on Medicaid.
LIAR LIAR LIAR
Yes, like my son. Three open-heart surgeries, thanks to Medicaid.
hope you are backing our President. We voted for him because we want change and change he will bring it people will just help

My kids had insurance because WE purchased it...  WE ARE PAYING FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE HERE ILLEGALLY WHEN CITIZENS DO WITHOUT
Do you have AHC?
Apparently they do, Tim, bc kids, seniors, & disabled people cannot sing for their suppers, so are not blessed by God and deserve nothing.
Timmy, I'll take care of me and mine.Others should take care of them and theirs. Completely indigent get some help.Problem solved.
More Fake News from the irrelevant Sen. From Va. The needy legal residents of our country will not be left out. Tim Kaine is a fear monger.
That would be my daughter.

My son
Where do I know you from? Your name sounds familiar but I can't place it.
Did you run for something lately?
How'd that go?
Well it’s not his fault simple people (like yourself) listen to fake Russian news and put Putin’s princess in the White House ...
A lot of assumptions.
You aren't quite as smart as you fancy yourself.
Assumptions my ass Mueller is right on trump and his crooks asses...
You don't know any thing about who I voted for.
I'm simple? D congressmen have given up on the Russia bullshit.
Waters' wig doesn't count.
Keep dreaming princess... now mueller is after White House files... he’s gonna be taking a nice long embarrassing walk, just like Nixon.
You've used "princess" twice now in the same exchange. Is your vocabulary that limited?
I give zero fucks if Mueller bounces Trump btw.
Nope I have a very bigly vocabulary more bigliest than even trump....Oh and I can’t help it if you whine like a girl..
My premiums have quadrupled since Obamacare and the last time I saw a Doctor was in 2007. Cheaper to pay the fine. Let it collapse
There not losing coverage the control is being returned to states, along with the bribes from lobbyist.  P.S. You keep your exemptions relax
Read it u jack as* we do not lose it. U r fake
I’ve read it jackass and he’s dead on... just like the bill is dead on arrival.
So have I I am disabled Obama care is killin me it doesn't take away pre-existing
No it leaves it up to the states to take it away... oh and you can than Obamacare for not having to worry about preexisting conditions..
You are so right $deathcate #notmypresident
ThankyouThankyouThankyou! I'm one of those disabled folks!
And were you disabled and on Medicaid before Obamacare ? Because Medicaid for low income disabled has been around way before Obamacare
I will lose my insurance
Kids/seniors/disabled are PEOPLE, they, & NO ONE deserves to lose QUALITY HEALTH CARE in civilized society; it is the social contract: LIFE.
They had that before Obamacare and still would
Marketing!!!   Market our party!!!!  Please!!!!!
Join the fight Tim, you need to be more visible.
Get Susan Collins and or Lisa Murkowski to vote "No", Tim.
Am 58, disabled, make only $13K on SS. How 2 pay for home exp, xportation, insurance on that? #graham-cassidy will kill people like me.
Hey Timmy, None in Government!  Actually, those in government don't even have Obamacare.  WTF!  Pass laws that you don't have to follow.
And I deserve to pay 1800 per month for a family of 4 ?
Well I pay 500 a month for one person .. sounds about right.
correct. Misinfo about recipients as lazy people of color is b.s. Thanks
Sorry to tell you, there is no Russia story with Trump, it's with Obama and the Clinton's.
Exactly, but the media tries to say it only covers lazy people refusing to work and contribute to society.
F... Bs. I have worked my whole adult like. I lost my bc of my and I'm struggling bc I can't find a job.  Greed getting worse n poor suffer
Don't forget women and the working poor.
What I have read of it so far scares me as the years go by the coverage gets higher and does not cover everything. Ole will die big deal 
Guess I'll have to be ready to die
Let’s hope this fails like all the republicans other attempts.. if they actually had a good plan most wouldn’t care.but trumpcare is .
There is no such thing Trumpcare

There will be a TrumpWall.
There will be a Trump TaxReform

He will not sign anything that will not MAGA
My daughter is one of those recipients. Don't anyone mess with her ability to receive good medical care. Ever.
I have a disabled daughter,  I'm with you!Shameful #notmypresident
I think it has a new hashtag now:  #deathcare (sigh)
And working poor

#BREAKING: All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/h25skCt  
No one is pro abortion..you dotard.
I am alive today because of #ACA. #ACASavesLives, thank you.
Mother in-law has cancer, had great coverage thru Douglas. Obamacare screwed her over, now can't afford medical.
Yup trump will be impeached and this republican PO trump care won’t pass so ..You are losing , just like trump.
