And without males, you're office probably couldn't work either....so... aside from the pandering, what's your point?
How is the woman doing that got hit in the face with an explosive device at your son's riot?
Well my husband is an engineer and I have my MSN. We are always Trumpers . We are far from white trash
I thought #Democrats didn't believe in gender?
pretty demeaning.
grateful for your service! #Jesuittrained
If @timkaine were VP would his son be inciting violence like he did on #internationalwomensDay? #MakeYourMomPROUD
Tim Kaine’s Son Arrested After Riot at ‘March 4 Trump’ Event http://www.mrctv.org/blog/tim-kaine-s-son-arrested-after-riot-march-4-trump-event … #InternationalWomensDay
What a Suck Up
you must have had a tough day without them on no woman Tues! I know the parents weren't happy with school closings! No sitters!
yep. And I'm sure they're paid exactly like a man.  Cause your a democrat and all. Right?
you mean all the clerical work men don't and won't do?
that makes it sound like women are just secretaries. Dig deeper, Senator. The unconscious sexism of old men like U is the problem
a day w/o women should have been on the day ur deranged son was conceived looks like ur a hell of a parentNOT.
what. You have to make you're own sandwiches.
Like Billy? Have them on their knees doing their " duty"
real women worked today
maybe if your son had a descent women in his life or family he wouldn't be in jail right now
let them have the day off, PLEASE

lmao
U implied that without men u could.  Be a man &  speak ur mind. Stop kissing ass & B real.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uDnI-BEC19g …
Disgusting using thugs to threaten political opponents. Your own kid. You and @alfranken Disgusting. @jeffsessions Investigate
#classact. Ty. You cld teach a sen or two some common respect and kindness.
he should start with his kid. #BadParenting
kind of looks like you could've used some #goodparenting yourself. Wacko!!
"The graveyards are full of indispensable men." -- Georges Clemenceau

And women.
Thank you to all the women who are going to work today. YOU are the reason this world runs. Not the women who are at home.
thank you sir for saying so!
thank you for setting an example for others to follow!
#IWD2017
not  Trump Trump
 u should've been VP Kaine
not
Not tRump in the peeeence hole. Golden shower troll boy.
Then you are not doing the job you are being paid to do. Shame on you for not managing things better
Trump promised better care lower cost he lied again! most Americans & healthcare providers want ACA please vote no on Trumpcare!
remember when Poso you can keep your plan you can keep physician.Billery I try to tell the truth....
Julia is right, you assume women fill certain types of job positions. The democrats are the true sexist and racist party
he didn't say woman were cleaning his bathrooms. His SIC is a female. Y'all try anything to cont to promote hate
Apparently Trump's cabinet can though.
You were great with Clinton please keep up the good job you are doing for our people!!! thanks--
globalist sellouts...
without women, you wouldn't be born!
"important work" like bailing your son out of jail?
thank you!!
so you think without men your office would run. Woman without care or concerns for others- Democrats!
- working outside the home is the easy part to being a woman; top on chief of childcare & It's 2 FT jobs. Flex work needed.
that's awesome, a shout out to Secretaries.   How typical.
too bad there isn't a woman sitting in there right now in your place!She my care more for Appomattox than you do!
Should of taken that boy behind the shed and taught him the difference between right and wrong. What is he 30 and looks like that?
Don't make fun of Mr. Kaine's son!  He doesn't get out of the basement much!  . Mom.....meatloaf!!!!!  
You should run in 2020 for #POTUS, Sir.
Just one persons humble opinion but you seem to have the temperament for it.
he would get obliterated by Trump. Tim Kaine is an average speaker and looks goofy.  Best to go with someone else lmao.

