Thank you for your efforts
You the man Sen Kaine!!!!
Thanks Senator Kaine!
NO #HealthcareBill should even be considered or voted on that has tax cuts to rich. Tax cuts to rich has nothing to do with healthcare!!!
Taxes and health ins should never have been mixed! IRS should not be involved! Why is proof of ins on tax 1040 why doe IRS fine for no ins?
Tell that to the @GOP  They added an amendment giving tax breaks to rich & to insurance execs on #HealthcareBill & cut much needed programs
Taxing drug/med device co's more, as under ACA makes our costs higher! ACAs increase in medicaid is unsustainable, ppl need jobs not welfare
GOP Senate added an amendment that they are exempt from the #HealthcareBill 
They could care less abt the average American people. Wdynu???
They were exempt from ACA also. Gov't is too big, too much power. The bigger they get the less they live like the people. DC needs to shrink
Actually you are wrong. Congress members and staffers were required to buy insurance through the exchanges.
No reasoning with you. Smh
The .gov sites have a lot of info won't see reported in media Every dept has a website We can fact check, not just google or watch news
Good, so you are for the republican bill and President Trump.  I think that bills sucks because it keeps to many taxes and subsidies.
Yesss!!
Get us your healthcare and all democrats and republicans will never complain!!
That's really laughable
Not sure if someone as unstable as you should be working on healthcare. Treason? We dodged a bullet when Clinton Kaine lost in 16.
Kaine rallies drew people by the dozens!
Across the aisle? Your party gave us the worst healcare disaster in history.
Senator please tell me the Republicans didn't remove Congress from falling under the new health care bill??? So just every other American?
ACTUALLY THAT SEEMS TO BE A FALSE STATEMENT -- Dems only want a single payer system at all costs without compromise bankrupting USA - FOOLS
You're a joke
Thanks for putting differences aside for your constituents senator, many blessings sir!
Sir, I was wondering if you can point to a legal mind that believes "treason" is an appropriate charge for DJT jr? I cannot find it
If it doesn't get rid of mandate it's crap
Comment on Cruz "addition" or additional tier ???
Well that's 1 Dem who will. Time to put the country ahead of one's party because you guys work for us. We're all tired of the political BS!
You mean bail out the insurance companies and raise taxes right? No!
Your lying we have not seen you do anything but obstruction for health care
No fix. REPEAL! Every artist likes to work with a clean canvas. Even politicians like you who do your best work with crayons.
No you arent. Only thing Dems are doing is bogus attacks on POTUS. DID NOTHING to fix for 7 yrs.
How about universal health care. The people of the United States deserve it. Share the wealth instead of profiting on the backs of citizens.
There is no "Health" in this bill, and no "Care"!
Why not go after the Hosptials who won't stop building luxury facilities then charging nosebleed prices?
Mr. Kaine, why do you cast a stone?
Like your partner Hilary. The Queen of evil and crookedness. You turn the other cheeks to her crap
#MedicareForAll would both be good, and politically powerful, please abandon your donors and work for your constituents.
Tim. No wonder Washington is in a mess people like you who have no sense of what are laws and what are not. Got to break a law to be guilty
Senator Kaine honestly we need to dump big insurance and go SINGLE PAYER... NO  big Pharma either! Come on, get it done.
We already have the model for single payer... Tricare for military. Stop messing around.

No thanks.
And you have dropped to another Level saying Trump Jr may have committed Treason before we hear more Evidence is beyond a Hoax
That's crap NO Democrats have tried to work with Republicans & why Work with u on Healthcare your the ones that came up with Obamacare
By all means ... if complicit @GOP will budge!

Wow. Where have you been the last 7 years.
too bad no one takes you seriously anymore.....Treason? LOL
When are you going to just cut the BS and advocate for #MedicareForAll?  That is the only real "fix."
calling for the death penalty for an elected president doesn't scream bipartisan
let us have universal health care stop trying to bandage a bad bill.
Well that is new.  But just because you say you will work across the aisle doesn't mean that you get everything you want.
DON'T .....LET it crash, blame it on the GOP   and make them beg for it....HAVE SOME BALLS,,,use the GOP strategy on THEM. don't be soft!
So, you want to work across the aisle in exactly the same way you did back in 2008 when you passed this by yourselves?! #hypocrisy #aca
and eliminate the county-by-county differences within a state.  Healthcare shouldn't depend on your zip code! #FixTheACA
single payer PERIOD
Are you saying Democrats finally realize Obama lied about the ACA that premiums will go down? Obamacare is NOT affordable. DUH!
Then do it!  Quit being a Schumer stooge.

Just like 2009 when you worked across the aisle on #Obamacare
Tim.  Your bill?  How is that working across the isle.
Lower premiums and prescription medications. The prices compared to other countries is unlawful.
and Unhealthy damagingly lengthy Electric Utility Outage suits ?
Obamacare is why the GOP probably doesn't want Democrats input. That was the worst piece of legislation screwed millions.
Why didn't you do that before you voted to screw so many people with Obamacare. You should apologize for your idiocy first
again the gop wants to release behind closed doors why the secrecy lets stay on this and russiagate dont pass this bill!
You are a joke.
Republicans don't have any intention of fixing health care, they are hellbent on destroying any semblance of health care
Thank you Sen. Kaine. #healthcare #bipartisanship
I don't trust You or anyone else that voted for the ACA that you got exempted from. Retire!
How do you explain how/why Dem party led USA into this awful mess? Now we are forced to fix a system costing twice what it should. Shameful.
if government was in charge of the desert, in 6 months there would be a shortage of sand. you can't manage anything especially health care.
Finally someone talks about building a change instead of only decking things.
#Hypocrite DemocRats intentionally used disinformation from Russia to attack @POTUS campaign aides #ScumDemocRats
. REALLY?!!! You have a funny way of showing it! STOP lying about Medicaid! It's NOT being cut! Report facts instead of trying to hurt @GOP
A goal to lower premiums is a goal to keep help insurance. That is not the solution! #singlepayer
Any time feds f■ck with anything, you ruin it- like when Obamacare was inflicted on the country. What's different this time, Timmy?
When will McConnell stop meeting in secret and invite others in ?
"Treason"...LMFAO!!!
You accused the Presidents son of treason and expect him to work with you. Good luck and please stop embarrassing Virginia @realDonaldTrump
Go away Jesuit. Everything you've touched is in ruins.
Being part of the #Resistance is the only thing the #Democrats are eager to do! @POTUS shows eager putting #AmericaFirst and #MAGA 
Believe this when I see it
Show us the bill! Get a CBO score. You're too eager to help the GOP for me and probably alot of other Dems. Stand Down! Senator 
You're a loser!
right sure you are...you never work across the aisle...how fake
There you go blowing smoke again
Who are you trying to kid?  You've turned into a total leftist hack.  Sad decline from respectability.
The problem is the GOP won't work with anyone!!!
DO NOT ALLOW SOCIALIZED MEDICINE IN OUR COUNTRY!!! WE ARE BETTER THAN THE EU.  TALK ABOUT DEATH PANELS. #CharlieGard
shut up until you know what you are talking about!
What is your plan?
Trump committed treason? Aside from being a democrat, how r u possibly this STUPID? Grab a dictionary LIBTARD . It is truly shocking
You are not willing to work with anyone with an R by their name thank God you lost
must cap the high medical&drug costs. My child w autism is counting on you.We're self employed and our business is counting on u
I hope you get the chance to work on fixes... there was a time when "cooperation" was not a dirty word... I truly hope that time comes again



Excellent, ALL should be doing the same. Glaring problem when elected DOESN'T! @GOP

libs had Obama care u lied and it failed. Y would we trust lib agenda how many unborn dead on ur watch. They r on u cant trust lib
Dems need to fix. Have a plan. It will win elections in2018
I sure hope you get your chance Senator.  GOP are still determined to ram a garbage plan thru on America just to be able to say they did.
You are a treasonous crook who belongs in prison. Good at one thing, lying
If you have evidence that is what they would like to do, I am more than happy to see it
Whatever credibility you had Tim was shredded with your ridiculous use of the word treason on Trump Jr.
Tim, not just about low premiums...about actually getting healthcare...good healthcare. Politicians ' words totally con people...please stop
Ur an idiot.
Tim, did I miss your tweet calling for President Trumps arrest for Treason. You have to be in a state of war to be arrested for treason.
You are known to be associated with a known loser, liar,cheater and murderer! Why would anyone be want to work with you
Good luck
you need to look up the meaning of treason again Senator they're all making fun of you on the news.
Stabilize yourself first. Accusing @realDonaldTrump of treason (punishable by death) is not something a sane man would utter. @POTUS @nypost
Thanks @timkaine! So wish you were my VP!
GET THE NHS LIKE THE UK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! that would help people instead of people dieing instead cos of them bein debt!!!! ffs
you would never vote for it, you just want to sabotage it.
Gonna have to work across the aisle but not let the Repub plan rediistribute wealth to the top. You can do it.
How can you lie with such a straight face. Work across the aisle. Dems only know how to resist.
You may be eager sadly the @GOP doesn't  care!  They'd repeal & screw Americans over then blame those same people for being screwed over!
Single payer (with dental and vision!) for everyone under 18, including prenatal!
Those who can work, including single mothers, should work. Those of us who work are tired of paying for them to sit on their asses
You are such a liar
Unfortunately, McConnell will never let that happen. Horrid person. He needs gone.
Thank you. Good to know not all senators want to have us die!
The marketplace is the problem.
It's not part of the solution.
Dems must get behind #MediCareForAll
Better yet get out in front and lead!!
Insurance should cross all 50 state lines you'll see competition and prices go down
GOP doesn't care about healthcare-they want tax cuts and treason tRUmp only cares about a bill getting through.
Letting Dems near health ins is definition of insanity. They used same lies about reducing premiums/costs when they pushed Obamacare on USA.
The Dems & estab republicans to step aside & let rest of congress do the Will of the People & REPEAL Obamacare.
Do you think they actually will work with You? I hope so but I doubt it. McConnell is a hard nose when it comes to Dems
#FU
Single Payer, just like Medicare...works for millions already and would cost less....take the greed out of health care...all benefit...
Finally
Wait till 2018!  You Dems will cry forever.
Retract your accusations of treason sir
All you, Clinton, Obama, Soros, Schumer, etc.,care about is your Aristocratic lifestyle. Haven't you learned,since 2010 your party has lost!
We American's know:
https://twitter.com/RoScarborough/status/885121741378527235 …
EXACTLY we need to stablilze EVERYTHING!
Keep pushing, Tim Kaine! I like your attitude! #nomoretribalpolitics
You're just so damn level headed, Senator Kaine, and for that I thank you.
Dems are responsible through the ACA for premium increases and u want us to believe you can lower what u rose? Stop it
Can't fix a dead horse! Repeal Ocare! Everybody can use ER any day, any time.
Repeal the failed & illegal Ocare.
Right of Choice!
Great! Hope Repubs take u up on this! @POTUS @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
Americans do NOT want Socialists Healthcare! Dummy
@SenToomey ...look how easy that is.  Try it. (And maybe include some woman in the conversation)
where you been for 8 years?
Where were u on this last year?
You don't need to. Haven't you heard? Your Obamacare has been stabilizing the marketplace & lowering premiums for 7 years now.
Why don't you put forth a bill to address the 140 Billion in annual medicaid fraud?
Medicare for all / Single-payer
Your bill to bail out the insurance companies with Billions in taxpayer dollars..
You have my respect Senator.
Hoping there are willing hands reaching out....Sen Collins seems amenable to remedies
YES, YEs, yes! Cost for medicine1st, fixed cost for health care services next.
Thank you for your service. Keep going!
Please fight for NO lifetime maximums on policies
Medicaid has become a handout for a lot who don't want to work. Im in healthcare and its disgusting
Lower healthcare premiums? You corporate trashcan. Support #singlepayer.
bam!
Go Senator,Go .#Resisting #25thAmendmentNow
The American people need your help more than ever Senator Tim Kaine! Thank you!
ACA has caused havoc in health care! GOP was willing to work w Liberals but  NO "had to pass the bill b4 we could read it"
Stay strong, @timkaine ! Keep the pressure on your GOP colleagues and don't let them destroy the healthcare of millions!
Obamacare already took care of that
You seem to have had too much caffeine lately
I agree - it is time for the Democrats to stand up with good, workable ideas to help Americans.  Thank you for your leadership.
..how about a 12 minute psa explaining broader principles of insurance - the law of large numbers, etc.? The conclusion re HC is inescapable
Please do! Working across the aisle to negotiate and compromise is always the best way to mend bad relations.
I wish you'd say you're eager to work across the aisle to #SavetheACA or fix the ACA.
A bill with many  inputs always beats a bill crafted in a closet.
Realy where were you when they pushed Obamacare on us. You have to pass it to see what's in it. You democrat supporters are idiots fact
Where is your bill???  I'd like to see your plan to stabilize the marketplace and lower premiums! (Bet it doesn't include the free market!)
What are you all doing while they are working on their secret bill?  Aren't they wasting time that could be used to work together?
Go away. No one wants to work yith you
Senator, can you reinstate the Risk Corridor pymts that Senator Rubio took out please?
I agree, my ideas are also the best
That's what we need Senator.   Thank you.
Come on man. #SinglePayer Choose people over markets please. #People
People over markets, indeed. #SinglePayer
Call him please!
: I do.
