Not to mention decreasing abortions for the first time in decades!!!!
And so how much did it cost us taxpayers?
And, family planning ended the need for countless abortions.  A happy snausage fore EVERYONE!  Who could be against THAT!?
No such thing as a free lunch Senator...
It's not free if you have to tax someone to pay for it!
We pay taxes for the good of ALL AMERICANS.
You believed that lie?  Pitiful! Do YOU actually pay taxes?
I pay my taxes-35%.
You must be a corporation then because no individual actually pays that much which means you don't know what UR talking about.
YES! Thank you! Like other medical needs, it's calming to know I have optns for my body w/o a huge $$
Yet I am paying for you. Your choice? You pay
You mean burdened the rest of the taxpayers who aren't using these services...
It takes two to tango.
Right.  I'll buy a morning after pill when I'm done dancing, but I'm not buying shoes for someone else's partner.
Would you rather pay for unwanted babies? More kids in foster care?
Well, that shut him up quick 
I'd rather people take responsibility for their own actions like they're alive, and not oblivious to their existence.
Birth control is taking responsibility... whether it bothers your sensibilities or not 
Free Birth-Control Saves Tax-Payer Money...It prevents Unwanted and Unloved Children (Living in HELL) being raised by Irresponsible Parents!
And it cost the working tax payer $1.4 billion.
Sure it saved women money on abortions and murdered poor innocent babies who never had a chance to live.
And pregnancy has been ruled a disability in court. Prevention of disability must be covered.
And a $0.05 condom would have saved a lot more!
Little Sisters of the Poor were forced to PAY for it! Tim Kaine..purveyor of fake news and a fake Catholic!
IT'S EITHER A LATTE or SEX..... PICK ONE
To what all days do you refer? The days when we all paid our own way? The days before government handouts?
Yet it came out of 1500 a month premium and 14500 out of pocket costs.
Thank you Senator Kaine!
#HandsOffMyBC ? If somebody else paid for it, it is NOT their BC!
Because Tim Kaine believes women are too stupid and irresponsible to take charge of their own health care.
BIRTH CONTROLS COSTS $5 at the corner MARKET......
JFC. Seriously? You boink, you pay.
Yes but it's out of my pocket buddy
@bgsharpy don't allow GOP to kill us?
It saved "family households" 1.4 billion.  Women aren't in this alone--
Birth control is not a right, close your legs Timmy!
But Viagra is? Seems about right. GOP loves to screw women & deny kids food in their personal lives too.
Trump wrote abortion costs off as a business expense
Source? If you have proof, I'd love to see it
Sorry, trying to be sarcastic
9
Go back to the old days when people accepted personal responsibility?
$9: Price for a Month's Supply of Birth Control Pills at Target. Are we that far gone In Government dependency? Give me a break!
What does your convict son think?
The productive members of society are tired of supporting the takers of society.Tubal ligation should be the only free BC for them
we can't go back to the "old days" when people paid for their own birth control?  Why the hell not? Manage your own birth control!
#handsoffmypaycheck
The repeal & replace debacle demonstrates that ACA is the right direction. Single payer @2% admin cost and Medicaid $ to promote adoption
most of those women were already on medicaid
Thank you for pointing this out!!
And how much did that save insurance companies in unintended pregnancies?? #HandsOffMyBC
Why did you vote to confirm practically everyone except Gorsuch?
Then do something Senator. That's why you are in Washington
Viagra meds saved lots of money for men also...
It Is A Blessing!!!
In The Long-Run, This ACA Program Saves The American Tax-Payer's Money!!!... Lot's Of It!!!
The Cost Of This ACA-Program Is Worth Every Penny - It Is Priceless!!
You Are Right, Senator!... This ACA-Benefit protects the unborn. Unwanted Children, born into Unloving homes, suffer terrible Abuse+Neglect.
One step forward, two steps back, three steps to the right
No-cost birth control?Last I checked it wasn't free,it's funded by taxpayers, you might need BC,but I don't.I'll pay for me. You pay for you
#HandsOffMyWallet
Thank you Senator! #Resist
And that doesn't include the $$ saved and abortions prevented
As a woman I can afford the birth control that is not that expensive.  From what perspective do you have on this as a man again?
And who paid for it Timmy???   """""""Taxpayers""""""""""
I'm not under the ACA b/c my awesome union negotiates great insurance. I get my birth control for free. As a single woman, this is awesome!
Just curious, but what do you pay in union dues each month?
#Insurance is for #emergencies and should not cover life style. Self responsibility Senator. Anything else is redistribution, buying votes!
Thank you for being so supportive of Women's rights Senator
Bullshit someone is paying for it.
Looks like d courts will decide this one huh? Interesting to see how ts plays out!!
Who paid the $1.4 billion?  How much extra did we pay to a bureaucracy for the bc?
This is what I would like to know? Anyone else
Somebody paid for it bozo
We want our Medicaid Expansion in each State, we want the GOP to leave all the branches of the ACA alone. We do know what they are up to.
Why is it a woman's cost??!!
GOP is hitting the ACA any way they can.  We can see it . We are not missing it at all. Our voice is getting louder. We want it to STOP.
Check out St. Francis Hospital in Topeka. It is going DOWN do to the unraveling of our ACA through no Medicaid Expansion.
Let alone the unwanted pregnancies or abortions
Idiot
No Tim, we cannot
Why can't people understand that b/c is also used for medical conditions? And what if a woman has sex? She wasn't alone
This totally helped me, since I was put on a specific one for medical reasons that cost $134 per month. O.O
Thank you sir for fighting for women's rights!!!!!
And so many women don't have the $ to find this care.  Repubs must really despise women . . .
You're confusing rights with responsibilities. Their right to not have sex and get pregnant. Their responsibility if they do. Mom of 6 here!
Senator why can't @PPact provide all other women's services EXCEPT abortions-that's where many of us Catholics struggle- the abortion issue
thank you for fighting for women's rights
You sir are the old days
If a "woman" can't afford $10.00 a month for BC pills she has no business having sex!
Thank you for your continuing support of women's healthcare.  -A proud Virginian
Why can't the Democrats come up with a plan to fix Obamacare? Then, with some bi-partisan support and Trump's nod, it could become law.
@C_Herring where is your empathy for the ppl who have to pay the punishment penalty fine to keep ACA- OBAMACARE going
@C_Herring do you know or care that others maybe & can have a felony charge place on them b/c of you Dems  & OBAMACARE that wrong!
we agree
@C_Herring other young ppl are paying for their free birth control with this ACA no cost to them! while penalty fine on them damn!
Not to mention decrease in unwanted pregnancies and abortion.
This asshole is really bad at Math. No matter WHO pays? Someone Pays = Working Joe's propping up hoes with free bc 
The ACA no-cost birth control benefit saved women $1.4 billion in out-of-pocket costs alone. We can't go back to the old days #HandsOffMyBC
Fix the ACA!  No repeal!
FOCUS #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #trumprussia #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #kremlingate
Are you trying to justify a disastrous law with free BC? That's your best argument? That's intellectually and logically weak.
Save the ACA. repeal and replace Trump and GOP! Resist and persist. #TheResistance #impeachTrumpnow
Thank you for this and for being an advocate for women!!!
Birth control was already affordable and a personal decision
Free market system where you pay for the coverage you need. A guy does not need to pay into birth control.
Managed my own birth control fine before ACA. So did my daughters. Get govt out of healthcare. #FullRepeal
Except if some epidemic hit the US then u would be crying for feds to help- u must be one of the 1% - no mercy for those less fortunate?
Govt least qualified 2 handle epidemic. Inefficient, wasteful. Charity Not job of govt, redistributing $
Ok. So you propose big insurance and pharma run it?
Capitalism made this country great. #SocialismSucks
And besides nothing is free, someone, somewhere is paying.
I'm not understanding why it should be a no cost for someone's personal choices.
Someone paid for it...nothing is free...
Current admin would have us barefoot & pregnant.
The increase in premiums paid to insurance companies needs to be considered in that "savings" numbers if you please.  Thanks.
Well I managed to pay for own bc. ACA made my epilepsy meds go from $30/mo to $309/mo. Had to choose between feeding my kids and meds.
Fight for us please. Get drumpf out.
Wake up....you lost.
You are right. Pres Trump believes that pregnancy is a women's responsibility. Men are not accountable in his book.
Until you ready to share your cherished "choice", they're not.
What you are saying is the American Taxpayer had to shell out $1.4 billion for birth control.  Obscene.  Where is your fiscal discipline?
Lol.  Hard leftist @timkaine wouldn't know fiscal responsibility if it hit him in the head.
And cost responsible Americans $1.4 Billion. I'll take my refund. Why do we keep bailing out irresponsible Women?
Thank you Tim!
So ACA covers being irresponsible? Great.
#TrumpTroll Привет мой друг. Здесь вам не рады. Прощай
Why should I pay for your sex results, Tim?
How much did you save Tim? Better yet, how much did you spend on BC?
Why can't men pay for their own Viagra/Cialis/ED pumps?
Women don't get pregnant by themselves! Men (not all) can walk away & do. Makes you wonder why more men don't support free  birth control.
Yeah, cause men are never held to account by the courts. Only Women can "Walk away" it's called abortion.
"No cost" = it comes from the birth control fairies?  "No out of pocket cost" = everybody pays up front. Let's be honest about "savings".
I'm one of them!
CAN'T TOUCH ME
CAN'T TOUCH ME

There were those who said that Trump would be the death of the Republicans, his job isn't over yet.
and cost tax payers. so glad i could help Tim. the old days when people paid for things that they got. How Barbaric!!!!
OPM -- Other Peoples Money.  Everything government does comes at the expense of something else.
Yes hwys, infrastructure -ppl like you want poor to pay for it or conmen trump and his likens to make zillions off of it...try thinking..
Yeah, that's what happens when you force someone else to cover that cost.  The thief that steals $20 saves $20 on his next meal.
So I guess all of you guys who replied are guys who think only women should have the responsibility of raising children?  Thought so.
Not even close. Not all men are dead beat Dad's thank you. how about all those women now get to slut around. is that fair to say like you
Double check on Viagra and erectile dysfunction meds with coverage.. Sad women have to fight for their gender spec meds but men don't
Are ED meds covered on Medicaid? I think this is totally different than what you're referring to.
Get a clue.. Religious employers were refusing to cover BCP but they'd cover ED pills..
Get a clue. If I have insurance through my employer I'm paying for it. Free BC for women is completely different.
It didn't say FREE BCP.. It said benefit payout.. And insurance thru employer or independently, under ACA, covered BCP..Not free..
Ok, the exact phrasing was no-cost.
Amen
