#Sen Kaine gather yr party & fix ACA#Gather yr party & find candidate to take back our country fr Bannon/Trump
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/ukraine-sabotage-trump-backfire-233446 …

If election interference bothers you Kaine why not discuss this as well. Ukrainian election interference
.@timkaine Thank YOU for calling treason, treason. Disgraceful to have had election stolen. No apology from media  #66Million #StillWithHer
U need to be with Hillary an the rest of the liberals in the back not seen or heard
Oh good you are finally going to look into Hillary ' emails?
Everyone knew Hillary picked you as her VP because she needed VA and that she could own you & throw you to the curb. You should be quiet.
CALL REPUBLICANS COMRADES
Pls get your GOP colleagues to HELP US. Save us. The Trumps are setting fire to the world. This is not hyperbole. #donthecon #americaundone
awww Stacy..your ignorance is amazing! Maybe getting a job would be beneficial! Try it sometime!
NOBODY listens to you, a BIG loser, and true Dem knucklehead!
You have truly lost it. #treason ????  #TrumpJr  #jumpedtheshark 
Make sure u discuss ur ignorance when it comes to treason. So glad ur not the VP. Ur knowledge is embarrassing.
Expert pool must be extra shallow today. Ask @timkaine about colluding with the DNC to eliminate Bernie
Russian news is Fake Fake Fake & Im sick of u snowflakes playing make believe!Uranium1 is what's Criminal!Thats the Real collusion!
Can you give the American people the true definition of treason? It is obviously something as a Senator you have no knowledge of!
Russia news?? U should know of all people.. Ur running mate was in bed with Russia..ur a joke!!
Tim Kaine is in a class with Maxine Waters, un-intelligent pompous blow hards
Maybe @timkaine should worry more about his Anarchist son and not worry about the @trump son.
Tell that IDIOT Kane it's all about the green box on your network. Who cares about Trump Jr. #Fakenews #crickets #Treason?
You are embarrassing yourself and the citizens of Virginia with your treason comment. Please stop!
Bleach bit, hammers, 33k deleted emails, no discussion.
You Kaine are part of the Swamp needing Drained
"DJT2 committed treason," meanwhile your terrorist child is running around with Antifa. You embarrass this nation.
Wow you will spread more lies
Like most democrats you do not understand the Constitution or the definition of treason.  Please read so you will have knowledge.
Your thoughts on Trump Jr's meeting with Russian lawyer. Really TREASON. Using your reasoning every Dem senator would be guilty of TREASON!
Can u discuss HRC 33,000 emails fool
Collusion Narrative is ALL BS
Hmmm... 
Would you please discuss the politico article about COLLUSION with Ukraine it takes guts to do that how about fusion gps and the dossier
The HRC lap dog appears again.......
Not to embarrasse you or anything but on your treason charge of D2, you know we're not at war w/Russia? Right? Or are you just playing?
Cut him some slack.  He is unfamiliar with US laws, and the definition of treason. He wants so bad for it to be, that reality doesn't exist
You're right.  My bad. 
It must be difficult for you. While @POTUS son is running a successful business your son is getting misdemeanors at Trump rallies. #jealousy
Ur a push over !!!!
Was honest,interesting AND logical analysis of today's news. Then,the spin from a man who said, let's not get unhinged. Seriously?
Cmon tim impeach proceedings to be a priority
latest Russia news was a set up, lawyer had no idea of any oppo research, wanted to talk on adoption.. FUSION-GPS
Secondly, adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort.
Here's the definition of treason...The Constitution confines the crime of treason to two species; First, the levying of war against the US..
There is no Russia news you hack go away

Thanks for the warning. I'll watch the Simpsons and Family Guy instead. Much better TV
How abut discussing Podesta's also!
How dare U call DJ TrumpJr's meeting treasonous! Clinton/DNC worked with UKRAINE to besmirch Trump. Double standard, dirty DEM. Resign.
I hope you have proof to back up your claims of treason against Trump Jr.  Otherwise I consider you to be another lying politician.
Don't let us down.
We want DNC & hillary campaign investigated 4 Ukraine ops.  Do they hang traitors Timmy?  What is your shirt size???
Hey tim make sure you also comment on hillary selling out US uranium and Pedesta working with the Russians don't forget
Have them fix the ACA VERY VALUABLE  to me. Please have the GOP think of the American people for a change! Toomey did not listen to my plea.
Please discuss dem lies and corruption and how they're keeping this Russia nonsense alive so you dems can avoid working for AMerican people.
I think you should discuss how dems are desperately attempting to frame trump with this latest crap. She's got ties to Dems. Sent to lie?
Where does JR fall here?
IT is the Dems that needs to be investigated with its Russia ties and George Soros ties.
Step up your coverage go on NickToons
Hahaha you have more retweets than ppl that will watch it
Clinton superPAC dir Villaragosa colludes w/ Mexican govt for funding on ads, literature & get out the vote efforts
Russia, Russia, Russia! Let's forget how you screwed and paid off Bernie, then hid like little moushkas.
Remember to tell her your campaign did the exact same thing with Ukraine officials as Jr. is accused of doing w/ Russia
Did you ever say time to investigate treasonous Hillary for treason when she committed 2cts of treason and obstruction of justice?
Kaine people like you is why America is divided.
Be sure to tell everyone how much you hate America and love Castro / Che marxists.
@timkaine Can you discuss suspending Kushner's Security Clearance too, please?
The meeting was listed on his clearence form, this means security personal checked into before clearance was issued...dumbshit.
Thanks for telling it like it is. They lie all the time! And now we have proof! This is such a disgrace.
Wish you were VP.

So nothing from you on the USMC crash, but Russia Russia Russia. Country > party is BS from you Dems
Please just go back into obscurity.
Tim, You're a LOOSER! A Nerd! A Geek! You're the kid who got his head repeatedly toilet flushed by the Varsity Team! Go away SisterMan!
I'm truly sick of this insanity with this administration every day it's more drama it's like a four ring circus
Sen .@timkaine perhaps discuss your campaign's involvement w/Ukraine they admitted such will u
Well said sir & a very germane point a lot of ppl seem 2 b missing.
Thank you for supporting families and being  compassionate. Putting American values into practice.
What Russian news?  idiot
Save your breath.  No one listens to you.
Thanks for reminder that our sons and daughters are risking their lives to secure borders with the country our Pres wants to be pals with.
The unfolding of #Juniorgate is a National nightmare. It is about selling out the American people.This is the very definition of #Treason.
Look at the definition. Then explain how this is the 'very definition'.  I'll wait....tick. Tock
I wonder why there hasn't been any comments from Paul Ryan. The word coward keeps coming to my mind.
Are we safe? POTUS knew and lied and obstructed and alienated allies and is teaming up in Syria, all w/ back channel to Russia. Are we safe?
No we are not, specialy Russia is in the picture

Why do 1 guy who's innately biased against women, the elderly, low income & people of color get to take their healthcare in a hidden bunker?
Just watched. Wish you were leading the country right now instead of the mess that we have. Thank u for fighting for the people
Great discussion on @mitchellreports. Trumps kids have no business meddling in our government. Self centered youngins!
Thank you, Sir, for mentioning our kids in harm's way protecting our country from @PutinRF_Eng
Enjoy!
Timmy,you should be more concerned with your dysfunctional family. The ppl don't want or need you,but I'm sure your fam does.

I miss you dad
I hope your son doesn't get comprised thanks to insipid team Trump, prayers & best wishes...
that's why you and @HillaryClinton lost the election. Get over #Russia and get behind  @POTUS or get the "F" out
Is your son still in jail? #TrashInTrashOut
Treason? For taking a meeting that its obvious nothing came out of? Are you serious? Crazy statements like that r where u guys lose people.
Watching now!! Thank you for your dedication, service and love to our country. #TruePatriot

Hammer on #TrumpCare Russia House is going to burn down on its own now. Limit the collateral damage @GOP can do with their useful idiot.
BIPARTISAN http://Now.Repair  do not Repeal.
you would have been an excellent VP
U mean, aside from knowing the legal definition of 'treason,' right?
I'm sure she'll bring the convo round to Hillary's emails though.
The sweet irony of the #TrumpTraitor tipping point being emails. Cannot. Make. This. Up. Universe does have a sense of humor and justice.
#BenedictDonald
Trump is a fake president. CNN is real news. How do you think trump's pissant son will do in prison.
You cry constantly
He does doesn't he?  Instead of working with the pres like he is supposed to its "I won't work with him"
