James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
I'd be interested in learning more about @MarkWarner's $6 million tied to Yandex
Could that not be a question about if Comey made tapes illegally?
Can't wait for Trump's impeachment.
Sure does. Don't back down.

Prosecute!!! Obstruction and witness intimidation. Enough of the madman, Roger Stone and Putin.
Leak it Comey Please... American People want to know
Can we say witness tampering?
No!  The sideline has become more ridiculous than the hearings about the Russians?
I think it will b good if @JamesComeyFBI appears b4 d Cmtee bcos that threat from Trump crossed a line.
sounds like President is threatening Comey to keep quiet about something Americans need 2 know.
In business, this is known as a bluff!  In DC, they use blackmail.  At least POTUS  is out in the open.  Rather a back room threat?
if there are tapes, seek to preserve and subpoena them now
A MUST!!
This sure sounds like an implied threat to me. Isn't this intimidation of a witness & obstruction of justice ?

Remember Nixon had tapes too. remember what happened to him. He said he wasn't a crook but turned out he was. Is it Trump first or USA first
When are the republicans going to step up to the plate for our country instead of party first I respect those republican from the Nixon era
when trump fired Comey who was investigating trump that is obstruction of justice. this and more is enough to impeach him, lets get to it
IMPEACH the delusional clown!
@timkaine @MarkWarner When is someone going to make a strong call for a special prosecutor? #Trumprussia #DonaldTrump #treason
You should have a Grand Jury investigation into H. Clinton's e-mail scandal, perjury, & Clinton Foundation contributions by other countries.
Please subpoena him. Comey will tell the truth. He is now a private citizen and can answer all questions
#Trump = #BlackmailerInChief #Trumpeachment
WHY IS THE INTEL CMTE "ASKING" FOR & "REQUESTING" EVIDENCE & TESTIMONY; IT NEEDS TO START ISSUING SUBPOENAS PERIOD. THIS IS NOT A GAME.
He's off his rocker. He's threatening comey publicly.
How much more bizarre does this have to become before he is held responsible for his actions?
Grow up
What the American people want is EVIDENCE of anything related 2 the Russian investigation.  So far only innuendo and rumors. Is this REAL?
It's time for a special prosecutor!  It seems that we can't count on the deputy AG any more than we can count on Sessions.
and hear :)  I think all Americans would like to hear any tapes made in the White House.
WE NEED AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION! Why don't republicans care about our country?
Stay strong
Why did DT need to be reassured 3 times about collusion, unless those conversations never took place. Which is my guess.
I'd love to hear these tapes, if they exist. I imagine many of us citizens would like to get clarity on this.
I love my Senator
It's an egregious act and possibly illegal to threaten someone who not only was the FBI director but now a potential witness! #impeach
All of his statement sounds illegal. Intimidating a witness? Almost blackmail. Secret recordings? Get this guy out!
Hmm, now that Trump threatens about it, I want to know if there are tapes and if so, what's I've them that sends Trump into threat mode?

There are no tapes or he would make them public, unless the tapes implicate Trump
Special prosecutor. Independent council.
The open threat in and of itself is just as disgusting as the reason for needing an investigation.
Yes and fast
Wasn't it Nixon who was so paranoid that he taped everything?
Criminal minds are stupid & do stupid things #Trump
Yep. Admission of evidence & a threat while attempting to obstruct justice. In his own words publicly. He Can't lie out of this one.
Actions speak louder than tweets.  Do something, Tim!  We will support you!
Sounds like blackmail- well let Comey leak to press and am sure the puppet master will go down before Comey does
sounds like a threat to the director of the FBI, trump is a complete fool and the republican congress are culpable for not reining in trump
He seems nervous
Bring them on.  If they are altered or any deleted, experts can tell.
I hope he does have them would be great
@realDonaldTrump you'd think. #Impeach45
@Potus is insane that the GOP can't see this is insanity magnified. All leading to an internal threat to Democracy.
Pretty sure that's exactly why he tweeted. He's so much smarter than all of you
@timkaine if Trump has tape of conversation that sullys Comey not him,  he'd have played it for Lester Holt interview!  Please.  Blowhard
witness intimidation.
#impeachtrump #Trumprussia
This is out of control! This man is becoming more unhinged everyday! Washington MUST take action NOW!
Yes...I believe they can be trusted.
Vichy @GOP are, for some reason, convinced they're going to come out of this on top. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  Not smart.
It sounds like something the American people would like answers too!  Enough is enough!!!
Sen Kaine-I know you do not support work stoppage proposed by Sen Schumer. Please reconsider. Getting a special prosecutor is most important
I "see" what you did there. Haha.
Our country is under attack from a #POTUS terrorist sitting in the Oval Office and a complicit #Congress! You work for people! #ImpeachTrump
Congress MUST act now to remove this man. This is no longer about party. It is about the Republic.
Is Trump recording ppl in the Oval office?
Subpoena the "tapes" to see if this is bluster or intimidation. Enough with this guy. How paranoid will he be in 4 years?
Leaks are a cause for firing. As employer, you fire an employee who leaks private conversations/info
@realDonaldTrump Dictator Trump is above the law, until the two biggest snakes decide otherwise.
Time to impeach this moron. Nothing the cheeto says can we believe! If his lips are moving he's lying.
Wouldn't it be illegal for Comey's to tape a conversation w POTUS w/o his agreement? Define "wiretapping".
#LockHimUp
I can hear your colleagues already: "The president can destroy evidence at his pleasure. They were his tapes, after all."
lol
1 of 2: That kind of a threat, suggest Dir. Comey actually did say something to the effect of what Trump has implied.
2 of 2: And now Comey has to carefully consider saying anything at all so not to burn himself.
Would that be considered a threat to a witness??? . Hmmmm
Let's hope for the sake of USA SOMEONE cares enough to look!
It is my sincere hope these Senators will subpoena the 'better hope not" tapes immediately.
Tim I am so proud you are my Senator! #FollowTheFacts on #TrumpRussia
Let's hope that wasn't a cue to destroy the QH
*WH tapes
This is the second time recently that he has used twitter to make veiled threats to someone.  I just want to know are they VHS tapes. lol
Isn't this threatening a potential witness??  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #impeachTrumpnow
WHY ARE WE LETTING THE MAN WHO HOLDS THE HIGHEST POSITION IN THE LAND THREATEN PRIVATE CITIZENS!  CAN HE DO THAT @timkaine THIS ISN'T RIGHT!
Thank you!
Love the "something"
Is @realDonaldTrump ever going to be held accountable for this twitter nonsense? when is enough enough?
twitter will be the downfall of this fake POTUS
@CongressmanRaja had similar thought
IS THE PRESIDENT BOTH A BULLY AND A BADGER?
Sounds like we would know then where the WH leaks were coming from 
#MAGA #AmericaFirst #drainingtheswamp
Sounds like a threat! And this is our preseident?!
Sadly, progress has ground to a halt because of WH incompetence and dismantling democracy. #Russiagate
TRUMP IS ADDING MORE AND MORE CRIME TO HIS LIST!
Sounds like a threat by a playground bully! Who do you think you are, Trump? This is America, not Russia...or is it?
Sir: would you be so kind as to remind some of your colleagues that they were NOT elected to be Teflon coatings for a dishonest POTUS...
Finally.  This is the move we need to make.  Subpoena the tapes.  We all know who was lying here, time for another trump tape reveal
Is this even legal? This is a threat, implied or not.
McCain's office.  202-224-2235
Graham's office. 202-224-5972
Voice your opinion.
@SenJohnMcCain gets it but @LindseyGrahamSC is still carrying the Vichy torch for tmp. Call him. 202-224-5872
I hope the Intel Committee subpoenas them, isn't threatening a crime?
Then subpoena him.  Trump cannot stop him talking under that circumstance, and I really doubt Comey cares when Trump threatens.
Comey is ROFL right now.
Sounds like intimidation, and @SenatorBurr seems ok with this nonsense going on. And on.
Indep/Special Counsel TODAY, 
Thx!
Love.
America.
Keep pitching, Senator (and rightful VP) Kaine! And, thank you!
#witnessintimidation #obstructionofjustice
Or purposefully ignore...
That's astute use of quotation marks, Senator Kaine!
OMG... this president is unbelievable and an embarrassment to our county
#45 is getting crazier by the hour; keep talking!
@realDonaldTrump wakes up every morning and asks himself, "How can I erode the public trust a little more today?"
After seeing this, every member of US Government must refuse to meet with Trump w/o supporting witnesses, signed documents 'no taping'.
#FELONYFRIDAY This sounds like witness intimidation and illegal taping of confidential conversations #impeachment
If blowhard had a tape it would be out,  he would want people to see Comey saying he was not under investigation,   no tape. Lied AGAIN
Free the Comey tapes.  @SenMajLeader @SpeakerRyan @ChuckGrassley @schumer_chuck @chucktodd
good idea
#ReasonTREASON #IMPEACH #WannabDickTraitor #CompromisedPresidency #IMPEACH #Hyprocrasy
@marcorubio want to revise a few statements?
"If there is a bear . . ."
It sounds like #CrookedHillary emails?
You're the best. Get it!!
This is crazy. It is time to impeach him.
wtf are "tapes" and how are they different from tapes - inquiring minds want to know.
If he puts quotes around it, later he can claim he was talking about something totally different.
Is Tweeting actually "talking?"
Sounds like something that, if Comey had actually done it, wouldn't be leaked but sent directly to the SIC.
