Tim, I feel so helpless. I call @SenToomey daily and he isn't listening to his constituents. I agree the House will pass skinny repeal. 
Make no mistake, Tim Kaine is a Bleeding Heart Bullshit artist!! Pullin the @SenSchumer Card, ohhhhhh lotsa people are gonna Die!! Ohhhh!
If you want to look naive go for it. But lots of ppl died becos of junk insurance b4 ACA. Go ahead, show ur true colors laughing abt that 
Yea shire, Gotcha!
I thank God that you aren't the President!
Until we have millions of people on the Capital steps this is not going to change. We have to shut the govt & the country down.
We could take a lesson from the French....
Many ppl are marching. And staying at their congress members offices 2protest. Best way is2keep that up & vote the GOP all out! RALLY VOTES!
That is a LIE That is NOT the procedure
We R not as dumb as we look.
Oh the Humanity, cats and dogs living together, we are all going to die
I wish media would press every GOP representative on this: r u going to give up your Obamacare insurance & sign up for this? If not... why?
I wish u had to do without insurance
Start your cover up now because you to will be soon under investigation because the American people know your dirty.
At least imaginary millions according to CBO.
The @SenateGOP will vote for a bill they don't believe in. This is unconscionable & pathological
Then they own it and 2018 will bring in the Dems!
We want the same Health Care coverage that all Senate, House, Family & Staff enjoy
It's amazing how you watched Dems push Obamacare that bankrupted thousands of ppl did so much damage and think that they are right. Wow 
Twitter put the pound sign, not me

It's a trick.  Trump has no conscience.  He will not accept revisions.  It's a trap !!,
Lets start pocking ACA apart piece by piece
People can call Senate offices all they want. All it takes is the staff taking the phone off the hook......
It will REDUCE the treatment-prohibitive deductibles of the working middle class paying for it all. THAT is what we voted for. #FullRepeal
And if a working, middle class voter, loses his/her job, or is divorced+then can't make the Xtra insurance payments? Don't want safety net?
They'll have their choice of plans at more affordable rates. They can choose the best plan for them. Peace of mind.
What happens if the only plans they can afford include high initial deductibles and their child gets cancer?
We pay treatment-prohibitive deductibles now for our kids. Where's your concern? Our finances don't change based on your emotional drivel.
Timmy,.. LIKE THE "MILLIONS" WHO LOST THEIR HEALTHCARE OVERAGES WHEN democrats SECRETLY PUSHED THROUGH OBAMACARE IN 2009!! YOU ARE CORRUPT!!

Thats actually a very good thing. Its the only way Dems will get the House and Senate back
GOP has to harm their voters for voters to change
Reps constituents will be greatly hurt by repeal! We all are 1 bad diagnosis away from disaster! They just don't know it yet!
We all will be hurt but it may get democrats out to vote and republicans to change theirs.
Gosh I hope so!
there's only 27 million on O'care now. Would u pay taxes if not forced to? If no penalty, some will choose not to buy.
LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR LIAR
Call now
16 million of 22 million, allegedly “kicked off” health insurance are people who didn’t want to pay for health insurance in the first place.
And this will happen tommorrow
Please don't stop fighting for my 6yo dtr and all ppl w/disabilities
Won't happen/pass. 
MAKE SURE THE SENATE DOES NOT PASS IT!!!
They will not do as they say. The GOP is lying!!!!
In a way, I hope that happens. Not for the harm it will cause, but because of the reaction I hope it will provoke. Enough with the inertia!
Yes, and then the senators who voted for it will say, "But we told you not to pass it. It's not our problem that you did."
Not one hearing, not one town hall, not one endorsement on "skinny repeal". Who is the @SenateGOP working for? #KillTheBill
I know 
Including my family.
AND raises premiums
Can someone point me to the details of what this bill does?
We want #SinglePayer .. it's past due we start putting people ahead of big insurance business and their lobbyists
Yup. What a con.
Why don't your @GOP colleagues get that?
Many of whom don't want it!!
Let's hope GOP senators have more sense than this.
Republicans don't want Americans to have health care.

#HOOSCAL: Which political participant of the Russia collusion / Russia mob ties, will be jailed first? Post a photo with hashtag HOOSCAL. 
Did you have the same concern when Obamacare kicked millions off their healthcare and took away option to "keep their Dr if they want to" ?
You are a joke.  Pass the bill. Get to work multitask.  Why are you an obstructionist?
Doesn't kick anybody off they just have the choice not to be on it if they don't want too.
Millions had insurance before Bill Clinton lied outsourcing millions of jobs with insurance saying not one would be lost, Ross Was right
Millions will voluntarily drop what they cannot afford! Young people mainly.  And look for alternatives.  Get out of the way!! Options!
Not a healthcare bill. It's a template for greatest possible insurance company profits
They don't care how many they kill, just as long as the rich get a tax cut.
Please try to convince fellow senators from the other side of aisle to vote no. So unkind to kick human beings off their insurance plans.
however.....will the freedom caucus in the House sign on to it...??
Talk of premiums rising, death spirals etc. Fact is, problems w/ ACA only affect sm #s & problems fixable:
so dont pass this poor leg. Make them show u the bill even gop srm r angry keep them angry this is not how to b a senator!
So scared about loosing our #aca
Sen. Tim kaine since you do not want a skinny ACA will you now advocate for Medicare for all?
Exactly
If that's the case, 2018 is going to see massive voter turn out for massive Republican suicide!! @GOP @SpeakerRyan
If the insanity didn't prevail you Senator Kaine would have been VP Thank you for all you do ! #TheResistance 
W/ yours & @MarkWarner's experience you have the duration of time it takes the #SkinnyRepeal to reach #trump's desk to #ImpeachTrump.
Make Congress PAY FOR OWN INSURANCE SAME AS WE GET! NO MORE FREE RIDES FOR CONGRESS!  CALL FIGHT NOW
Mitch McKochsucker is only interested in destroying everything Obama created at any cost
Hope they vote against this bill
Why are CEO'S PAID MILLIONS, PROFITS BIGGEST EVER! INSURANCE CO'S RIPPING IS OFF YET CONGRESS DOES NOTHING, DRUG PRICES RIPOFF, GOP SHAM!
Medicaid IS NOT PART OF ACA sans extension! Repealing ACA will be disaster for economy & employment! They're DESTROYING SAFETY NET OF 50YRS?
We need to resist
It kicks nobody off, clearly like Obamacare you haven't read this as well. allows people not to have to buy insurance, it's called freedom
You are one of them that will not buy coverage
No no no it let's peps choose they if they want 2 opt out ! 
Tell the truth!
Help us please Senator! Stop the Bill 
This may be what it takes 4 Americans 2 know difference between Dems and Repub.
Then defeat it.  Dems have moral high ground but can't message for shit. Control the debate! Trumpcare must die!
Bet KIDS of YOUR 3 B Happy w/Trillions U R Adding 2 Current 20 TRILLION  4 Them 2 PAY OFF.  "Party Politics" KILLING AMERICA... LESS TALK...
You mean the millions that don't want or need the insurance anyway but right now are being forced to by Obama
The Republicans will fall on their own swords. Like Iraq, their names will be stained with this decision. Slow & thorough > fast & reckless
Perhaps, but I suspect a lot of them voted for the Douche, & deserve some kind of consequence as a result, though losing coverage is harsh.
IT IS ALL ABOUT PROFIT, PROFIT, PROFIT, AND NO CONCERN FOR THE POOR & THE HOMELESS. I AM VERY SAD FOR YOU. U LOST YOUR SOUL 2 $$$$
Why is this passing? Doesn't it require 60?
Instead of tweeting you should be working on a big fat #SinglePayer bill and vote on it 60 times and then vote on it some more.
THE WHOLE SYSTEM IS FLAWED, WHY CAN'T YOU ADOPT MEDICARE SYSTEM LIKE AUSTRALIA AND NZ. CORPORATE HAS 2 MUCH CONTROL, & NO MERCY.
Should not be a surprise.  The President and nearly every Republican in congress ran on a repeal platform.
Please continue to fight against this, Senator Kaine.
And insurance collapses
No one is making any mistakes we know but remember these people who are about to be hurt voted for this
I can't wait until the Dems clean house Nov. 2018.
I may be one of those millions  Thank you & all the dem senators for all you do and for working so hard for the American people.
Scum. All will be voted out
Face it, McConnell lied to his GOP Senators to coerce them into voting yes the other day -- he is not bipartisan, has no intention of being.
Thank you for helping find something that helps the American people. Oh right u didn't do anything and won't do anything to help #worthless
kick/let people off Obamacare.
Silver lining:  1)  Dems don't own it, the GOP does.  2) When it comes crashing down we can finally push for Single Payer.  It's time.
We understand. What can you do to prevent it?
Please keep fighting!!!
Good
Why did 6.5 million people pay fines last year vs signing up for the wonderful ACA?  ACA only enrolled 10.5 million people out of 40 m.
Is this treason
So honest question- if they gut individual mandate and keep pre-existing and caps- what's that do to the market? I have my thoughts...
Alright, vote yes.
Please ask Senator Mccain if this is what he meant when he voted to proceed!
Don't do it!
Keep fighting for right Senator!

will you go around to all your fellow Senators and ask if they know this ... because what I don't want to hear is that they didn't know
Just bad and evil racist bigot bully white headed old men. Would do something like this 
good
And lowers my tax bill.  Perfect
Please, help us.
Let's hope so.
Vote NAY !!!!
Degenerates
The majority of whom don't want insurance. If they don't want it, why force them to have it?
Yes, having the security of not going bankrupt because of an emergency isn't what everyone wants.
That's their choice.
Food or Insurance. Life or Death.  That's not a choice anyone should have to make and I pray that you never find yourself in that position.
Most people without it wouldn't be that poor. They'd be mostly people who just don't want health insurance
People WANT insurance, but many cannot afford it or it isn't offered, or they can't get insurance at all. That's not making a choice.
Many can't, so why not make it easier by making the companies fight for the consumer instead of mandating the consumer have it?
Because the GOP doesn't care about making it cheaper. ACA forced insurance companies to make it cheaper and cover more.
How can we stop it?
Can you all do something
Do they have the votes?
