We saw how those men stepped all over your questioning. #NeverthelessShePersisted
Let him answer?!
She let him talk. He still didn't answer.
He was clearly wasting her limited time on purpose.
That's what I'm saying!!!  But she needs to be respectful?!  Common man!!!
This Senator has no respect for a General that served while she was doing parties in college. You could not tie his shoes and did it show!
Lmao what?!  Your statement makes zero sense!!!! 
Really. Then read it again. We have less than 2% of the population serving to protect us. He is one man that should be shown respect.
And she shouldn't???
Senator, you made Rosenstein incredibly nervous. His sweating and repeated gulps speak volumes. Well done.
Not to mention that he had the "Trump sniffs".
And drank lots of water
You keep interrupting. Did somebody tell you people want to hear you? If you are not interested in answers DONT ASK A QUESTION.
You're new to this, right? He wouldn't answer and she was within her rights to force the issue. #CrossExaminationBasics
Did you watch? Obviously you are new to researching for yourself. She kept interrupting. Showboating more like it.
Poor thing can't even come up with her own word. She uses "showboating" like it's a bad thing. LOL.
It's bad when your job is supposedly to get to the truth. But that's not the point right? We know the truth though right? You've been duped.
It says sources tell: not Comey tells. He did say he told him because at the time he wasn't.  You#Covfefe live in your Pepe perfect Trump 

LOL.  None of us are going to rest until he's out of the White House. He's dumb as a turd and he's involved with Russia.
Perhaps the questions should be multiple choice
A. Yes
B. No
C. Maybe
D. Trump said not to answer
Just another unhinged liberal hack from California.
Senator Harris, it was obvious your interruption of G.Rosenstein was to redirect his testimony back towards answering the question
but the continued interruption of YOUR attempt to press for an answer, by an arrogant man, whose mediating stopped that from happening...
Rod is a professional ( A Democratic) He knew he was part of a political circus and Harris was a political mountain climber. Bravo Rod !
A loony conspiracy theorist like yourself is an embarrassment to America. Shame on you for being so nasty.
we are counting on you !
Loved your response, "so is that a no"!  Also, naturally they tried to shush you and I'm proud that you didn't let that happen.
Love watching you nail these guys who try to sidestep questions. You and @ElizabethWarre6 give me hope!  #NeverthelessShePersisted
I recall Barbara Jordan during #Watergate hearings. I am so proud of your performance today, carry-on 
Hot damn! 
Epic, classic demonstration how to stand tall while sitting. 
Mrs. Barbara Jordan was smiling today. So was I. Please proceed
Democracy will survive this However the door of new world order is wide open This treason must end now 
He wouldn't because he's a Trump crook!
Disgusted w/ the demeaning treatment by @SenatorBurr of Senator Harris today. She is the only one demanding answers for the American people.
Thank you, Senator!
You did your JOB! Can't say as much for the others present Senator. Thank you for Representing California so wel today. 
Kamala Harris is a disrespectful political hack!!
That's a no then
Pkkkoiiiiiiioiikikpkioik8oik
@AvenueJay Thank you for not playing with these clowns.  You did a terrific job today representing the people.
Keep it up
You were amazing today. Thanks for the hard work. #ShePersisted
I predict great things in your future!!  You were amazing today!!
From the women who slept her way in... Senator's eye candy
Kamala, I was yelling in my car for you when you couldn't get that lying man to answer a simple question! You ROCK!!
Watched you ask the Deputy AG, great job! Also noted how others on your committee weren't as appreciative, which was, most likely,  #sexism
Gotta get stuff in writing from the lying trumpees
He didn't answer the question ! She didn't get her question answered!
You really stopped him.  I love seeing smoke come out of a man's ears. Thank you for taking care of us.
What did she stop?
You can watch the video above.
I did. She "stopped" nothing. She got stopped from interrupting.
Interrupting a lawyer who refused to answer a question. Amazing how far out on a ledge people will go for this incompetent, corrupt man.
I agree that  the POTUS seems awfully incompetent at times. I'm not convinced he's corrupt.
How dare Burr and McCain's effort to cut Senator Harris questioning. Continue being courageous, they want lies not truth.
Both Burr and McCain were out of line.

Once again there are rules in place already. But you don't want to follow them. You are not special follow the laws in place.
You were shut down. Move on. Done.
He didn't interrupt any of the men and ask them to be courteous. Omg. This is infuriating
maybe cause they were?? Just cause its "harris" doesnt give her a pass
Clearly you weren't watching so you can have a seat.
Ah thank you was tired of it all. Such nonsense. R u in CA
I have to give it to Sen Harris here if it were me I would have jumped that desk and bitch slapped an answer out of him on this.
Me too! I could make a great politician but don't have the temperament. 
Thank you for doing the job I voted for you to do, Senator!
When exactly will this commitment in writing happen?
@SenKamalaHarris you have the support of the ppl. We don't need or want Russian money and will stand for truth tho the heavens fall
Outrageous, boorish rudeness to @SenKamalaHarris! Inspiration to persist!
Senator Sic ’em; Kamala Harris. You go girl!
Notice @SenatorBurr never interrupted male senators.
Nope. He is just not going to stand for an impermanent black woman putting a white man on notice.
And the nails are driven deep into the coffin of libtards every where
Deputy AG Rosenstein is a snake - the FBI  Dept should not trust him. He will sell you out guys. He did it to Comey.
I was particularly annoyed by mr. Rosenstein's assertion that only he can fire Mr. Mueller. Trump is within his rights to fire both of them!
Finally, it would really be nice if you would quit auditioning for a future public office and ask more cogent questions
Yes. It was simple. That's all, just a yes. Thanks for trying Kamala.
Thank you Senator!
Make em answer or cite.
And they treated you like they do most women, they tried to shut you down.  That should not be tolerated and I hope you gave them a what for
Are you kidding? She acted like a spoiled rotten little snowflake!
Move on.
Nope. I gotta call bullshit when I see it.
Move on
Nope. Like I said, I call bullshit when I see it! Can't handle it? Block me!
My favourite moment "That's a no then?"  #YesOrNo
I didn't hear "then"    Did u add it?
Uh probably I was recalling the interaction from watching it live.
But you added a word therefore everything you say is false. Everything. Since birth.
Bahahhaaa. Okay then I got a lot of splainin to do.
Also I think @malcomhigh is a bot
Was that a NO...does Mueller have full independence or not..?
Keep kicking them in the 'nads, Senator! 
I thought was a fair question. But he and the chairman & all of the GOP don't agree.
L
Ooohhhhhh lol
Don't mess with Californians. 

Thank you, senator.
@timkaine She was great. Those men were rude.
Clearly, as this heated exchange demonstrates, coming back to Congress after firingMueller wouldn't be enough of a .
U R Rude and Disrespectful of The Office
This was embarrassing to watch,especially the end...NanaNanaBooBoo eye roll shit 
Just watching this in U.K. tV, I'm appalled that you were treated so rudely, I hope it wasn't based on gender or party??
#ShePersisted
YES!
I took it for a no too. Rosenstein has revealed his soft Republiclone underbelly.
Make the whole damn room squirm!! U were just doing what they didn't have the balls to do themselves..so of course they tried to stop you.
We deserve to hear you ask a timely question and then shut your mouth instead of grandstanding for the cameras.
Great job Sen Harris!!! These men have sexist pig written all over them! Keep up the fight!!!
What, specifically, led you to believe those men are sexist pigs?

O Senator! My Senator!
You are warrior for the people! Thank you!
Democrats should press the point that  "Russia involved in our elections " should be more important than any party politics.
Thank you! The Chair was out of order asking you to stop pressing, if you ask me.
Another reason for the family and I to move to #California ...keep up the good work
Women are the only hope the USA has got. The world is watching. Keep going!!  #ShePersisted #resist

I VOTED FOR YOU and I'm so happy I did!!
We see you and thank you! Nevertheless #ShePersisted
You are so awesome
Thanks for all you do, Senator. Keep fighting the 'Good Fight' for TRUTH!!!
Did you even give him a chance to answer? Montezuma's Revenge oral disorder.
His response -- and the pass he was given was deplorable.  Keep fighting, Senator!
Fuck that noise. Never have I seen a man reprimanded for being "discourteous". #bullshit
There's always more than a hint of dismissing a query from a powerful woman. U did have last word, though. "So is that a no?" @SenWarren
You were fantastic, and I'm sorry you were treated so rudely by Burr.
@mimisgirl2001 and we deserve independence from you a disrespectful person!
We love u Kamala!!
I like Senators who aren't afraid to ask the hard questions in the current climate #resist
I am tired of men trying to silence women.  Enough!  Women need to get behind Senator Harris. If you don't, then you are party to injustice.
Thank you Senator.  Also, don't let a man interrupt you again.
And you got shushed. Keep fighting and thank you!
It is a no
You were amazing! Thank you!
Kick his ass he never none of them reps answer anything
Oh fuuuuuuuuck these guys, does this condescension toward women ever end?!
We got your back mrs Harris don't back off stand your ground
You are bad ass! Get 'em girl! #CantSilenceBrilliance #CantStopSmartWomen #Resist #Insist #Persist #Enlist
Too bad you don't let people answer your questions without rudely interrupting. Where are your manners ?
Go get them
That was an awesome exchange! Sadly but not surprisingly, you never got an answer. The acting AG responded like a coward.
WATCHED YOUR QUESTIONING THIS MORNING AND AM PROUD YOU ARE MY SENATOR.

BLESS YOU AND AGAIN MANY THANKS!! 
Pam Roth
Act professional. #outthegutter
Why does it seem like all four people testifying yesterday were hiding something and lying?!
I thought Reagan patented "I don't recall"?
We demand it. Thank you.
Glad your my Senator!  Always been top-notch from San Francisco to Sacramento to Washington! #NeverthelessShePersisted
Another condescending mansplainer. Infuriating.
Harris 2020
Thank You
And yet she persisted!  You are this 65 year olds hero.  Did you hear me cheering you on?  Lots of us are behind you supporting you.
I thought Rosenstein was more patronizing than Burr
you were rude, disrespectful, and not particularly bright.
Translated from GOP-speak, his answer is "No." Mueller does not have full independence. To me, if it's not "full," it's not independent.
Dear Senator Harris, you are a ROCK STAR.  We do need to have the confidence that the #IndependentInvestigation has integrity. #Faith
Persist!  We need you.  Stay strong and keep speaking out.
Senator Harris is a force to be reckoned with! So proud of her!
.@SenKamalaHarris "So is that a No?" Best answer to Deputy AG Rosenthein's epic #mansplaining
Why would he? That was an asinine question from u
What they did to you today was disgusting!
It was a very important question you were asking. If Mueller gets too close, will he be fired? Now we know the answer. TY.
What is even worse is that none of your other male colleagues 'checked" Burr!! Sadly another WM attempting to "put a woman in her place" SMH
Ms. Harris tried to insert the #nobullshitrule That dude said a lot to avoid telling or uncovering a lie.
Mansplaining at it's best...or should I say worst! And yet, he never answered the question. I'd say it was a definite "no"!
TRUMP NOT GUILTY OF ANYTHING! OBAMA HILLARY & DNC GUILTY! SPYING LYING UNMASKING LEAKING! #iran #Coats #eric #clapper #wray #angus #kamala
I watched and the response from the ADOJ was silly.  He can't be trusted either - Resist Trump at all levels
@SenKamalaHarris got BTFU in today's Senate Intel Hearings and it was glorious. Trying so hard to be a bad ass but was a jerk instead. RUDE!
Senator Thank a lot. I watch you and didn't like the way the president of the committee respond to you.
Stop grandstanding. All you care about is your political future. Smart people see through your BS for your true intentions
Im Three fifths of an human being so wtf does this gotta do with me!!!! Neanderthals cant run shit but there month!! God damn
Thank you!. Hate that your chair tried to shut you up
Harris came off as partisan. Respect   should be maintained. She shouldn't act like a CNN host.
Where's the Money?
you dod a great job, because they refuse to answer any question.... shame on the guy who ask you to stop...
California proud!  This is why we need an independent commission.  We need politics out of Congressional investigations! #MarchForTruth
Too bad a woman being direct is so threatening.
Key words I don't recall interpretation "yes "
#Kamala2020
She's just a lame newbie trying to make a name for herself.  Ends up, like most dems looking the fool.
#NeverthelessShePersisted 
You ask question that no sensible person would commit to. Even one.appointed by a Dem. If the person feels they are being intimidated call.
And @SenatorBurr interrupted when you tried to get an yes or no answer. How surprising. Thank y0ou Senator Harris for trying
You got it right "so that's a no then"
Thank you, Senator! And I'm embarrassed at the way you were treated. Keep fighting for the truth!
You are flat out rude. Call your Momma & apologize.
You have earned my Twitter follow today Ms Harris. Thank you for demanding an answer and not backing down until you got it. #RESIST 
She is kind of a sad woman begging for an answer yet getting the truth which she could not handle
Sooooooooo PROUD that YOU ARE MY SENATOR!  Burr thinks a 1st year, black woman Senator must be "respectful" #NeverthelessShePersisted 
Thank you.
I voted for you. You ROCK. Keep up the good work! 
I wish you were my senator. You made me proud. On another note, please don't pass the AHCA.
Bravo for standing up for principles without being fazed by the obstruction of the others on the comittee.
So rude. You asked a Yes/No question. Just answer! Wasted your 5 minutes.
Please stop  We are going to be destroyed again in 18. No one buys this anymore. What is our plan for the country???????
You looked like a fool Kubuki   When does your reelection come up. You will lose.
Stay strong sister!
LOL
You were disrespectful & rude & wouldn't let him answer a question. Your elected position does not outweight his service or record.#rude
I know questions during these sessions can be grueling but we need honesty & forthcoming from those supposed to stand for us. Keep pressure!
The American people deserve lots of things, least of all being non-emotionally driven Senators - turn the sound down and watch yourself.
They can't handle you. Keep doing you.
You dimms are always looking to pull something under handed it was obvious
And what exactly is his definition of INAPPROPRIATE?
Harris showed precedent for her request. No good reason for Rosenstein not to; except threat to his job from Trump.
Thank you for fighting OUR fight! @SenatorBurr can't keep us quiet forever, regardless how much his misogynistic, antiquated mind thinks so.
Thank you for doing your job!
Keep at 'em, Senator. The shushing you received today was petty and partisan, while you handled it with grace. #NeverthelessShePersisted
Thank you for PERSISTING @SenKamalaHarris
who's pushing dem credo of diversity & cultural tolerance at your alma mater, Howard U? fighting gender discrimination at HRC's Wellesley?

And she persisted....!
Hold tight Senator we're going to put your party in charge in 2018 keep fighting until then
Thank you #NeverthelessShePersisted
As he explained, the person subject to the previous letter had been a government employee. Mueller is not a government employee.
Damn Right WE DO. JUSTICE MUST BE FIRST
Thank you!! Glad you represent our great state.
That whole hearing is contemptible, disgraceful for the offices they hold let alone the uniform.
God I hate men on congress.
He can commit on paper if he wants to. But it seems none of these ppl have the USA citizens best interest in hand. He'll will just lie
#NeverthelessShePersisted r's are looking bad and make r's are looking ridiculous.
You show your ignorance about the separation of powers. Mueller cannot be independent because he works for the justice department!
The public is watching and we approve of your line of questioning!
Rosenstein, like the other 2 witnesses showed an absolute disregard for the oversite committee. They're above us? Not. Utter arrogance
