Now is the time to listen to the public? Come on @timkaine. Where were u when the Obamacare fiasco was being rammed down our throats. Pfft.
Selfish, self absorbed, self serving brat, the bane of US democracy
And you are.
This area is criminal  and from hell with any problems brought forth  !
By work together you must mean agree to spend more to fix a failure or prepare to further obstruct. Got it. You have no message!
You aren't paying attention
Just what we need. Two idiots formulating policy!  Not to mention low own Mika
Don't let them "give" U single payer HC.  UK just lost 2400 hemophiliacs 2 aids tainted blood?  How so many? Blood screeng has gone on 4 yrs
Trump while campaigned said he had a wonderful healthcare plan that will cover everyone at cheaper price. He lied, who's the idiots now. 
A real President don't let people die. Trump signing executive orders instead of fixing problems is not the right thing to do.
WE had healthcare and paid deductables now we don't !  Norfolk  drops the ball and omits certain requests to repair  most any problem.
I hope the Republicans will agree to work together all they want to do is kill anything Obama did
Our Government should be working together and not against each other for the health of Americans. ACA needs revision not a repeal.
OMG, lying scunk. Dems gave us this vomit... behind closed doors 
Closed doors.....

Months of debate 
Dozens of amendments
Lawsuits...to the Supreme Court. 

Closed doors.  
Hahaha
Have to pass it to see whats in it. Remember that?
Out of context. What abt death panel lies?? Totally unethical.
Why listen now u didn't listen when u crammed ACA down our throats why start listening now?
Go for it sir. You have shown by ur honesty if anyone does.
#ThatsPresidential #ImStillWithHerAndHim class act working to get things done
No 3 week outages near colleges anywhere in the country Goldegg Utility Law. REcords requested need to be required  w/ purpose cause & diag.
Listen to public? Where were u all the times I called your office to express my thought and concerns on Obamacare? I know, reelection time.
Two clowns, great 
Trump while campaigned said he had a wonderful healthcare plan that will cover everyone at cheaper price. He lied, he never had a plan.
HE LIES ALL THE ALL THE TIME
Repubs have been open you have been obstructionist. America doesn't like your ideas. You made the debacle known as obama care
Pay according to means, care according to needs!
We need to get policy messages out
Senator, if @POTUS sabotages or allows the ACA to fail, isn't that a direct violation of his oath of office, of The Constitution, Article II
Blatant lack of Integrity! Trumpcare/Obamacare whatever=Real issue=NONEOFYOUCARE for hard working people burdened with a mess YOU inflicted!
What's morning Joe? Wait is that the morning show with Joe Shitborough? What a waste of time Timmy.
Notice the deconstruction of govt. Going on in bannon,trump,Kushner Whitehouse. It's their states goal and it's making us weaker!
Attention: @morningmika 

Once this Boring Loser Wall St Shill comes on daily ratings will drop. One of @HillaryClinton's worst decisions!
Thanks for listening Tim!
About darn time. Bring them together Professor Tim. Teach them how it's done #Bipartisanship #ProtectOurCare
Working together is a good idea, on all legislation, I think it is a novel progressive thought. Good luck on your efforts.
geeze, you and your demorat gang members do not listen to the public, people are hurting and you freaks obstruct the changes we need
Single payer healthcare
U sorry Dems r hypocrites. U haven't worked for the public since election. U haven't lifted a finger to dump ACA and come up w/healththcare
please do listen to public.....republicans were elected on promise to REPEAL Obamacare not band-aid it.
EXACTLY...rename it if you must...definitely call it the #ACA not #ObamaCare and NO REPEAL!!!
Yes! Call it the American Affordable Healthcare- whatever, but NO repeal
No worries, They can still operate on Charlie Gard, now that he is #AMERICAN!  All's well that ends well, right?
It's time to listen, yes.  Hear this, the US Congress shouldn't be discussing Health Care.   Should be left to the States.  Do you listen?
Tim!! 65 million people voted for you too... we need a unified voice. Any chance you will run????
We need Medicare/universal single-payer for all! Please!!
I'm going to watch it and let's see how much negativity and how much positive come out of your mouth
the public is actually calling for you to shut up on your negativity and try to help instead of running away from it
: Single payer, Tim.
If you were interested in listening to the public senator, you would discuss single payer. But you already know that!
U and morning joe suck
Please consider replacing fee-for-service with capitation for massive cost reduction
Single payer. Good for business. Good for individuals. Could stimulate economy by giving businesses a break (no HC admin time, costs).
#MedicareForAll
Someone needs to remind Mitch McConnell that Congress works for us "WE THE PEOPLE" and not Donald Trump!#morningjoe
They're all running scared of the amateur and his thugs.
Trump while campaigned said he had a wonderful healthcare plan that will cover everyone at cheaper price. He lied, he never had a plan.
Start wirking together on small wins like lower pharm cost. Win-win for everyone
My health insurance was much better and cost half as much before the government got involved. Imagine that!
Great to hear an actual plan to help fix what's broken...
Love you Senator!
Typical politician crap - full of hot air #DrainTheSwamp
The game show Sir - is the Congress not getting $hit done for the American people for years and years #TermLimits
Looking and sounding great Senator Kaine.
Morning Psycho is not master in Med Ins. He is just another media Fake. ObamaCare is dead! Stop feeding dead horse!
Single payer, is the way to go Senator! It's a human thing & we have the means to pay for it.
Ha ha
Why do Democrats need Obamacare fixed?  They voted for it.
LASSIE I'VE FALLEN IN THE WELL, GO GET HELP. No Timmy not the well FALLEN in the Quagmire that is the Democrat Party
Great but also talk about RUSSIA and what Congress can do to save our democracy. VA elections in Nov -is our vote safe from Russian hacking?
We would know if we had a real FBI and real investigations.
@crowdstrike hacked @DNC & @dccc to cover up the @pandas4progress leak using #umbrage to blame the Russians
Thank you, thank you, thank you!
Put forward an idea.   Something to build on.  Something to improve healthcare.  

LEAD!!
I have a B.A. & 2 jobs but haven't been able to afford healthcare in 11 years. Thank you for being a voice for me and mine today.
Exactly. @GOP @SenateGOP need to listen to ACA stories positive & negative to fix not replace & work w/Dems. I appreciate your effort.
@SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump Suicide clinics are the only affordable healthcare left.
It's time for single payer.

Omj go to. Vegas trump will won't $$$$
You're the man Senator Kaine. I hang on every wise utterance of yours. The nation made a fatal error on 11/8/16.
This might be why they better step up to the plate hi senator good AM
I think we really need to give this up as the republicans have for now and get back to work on other things
Also time to discuss why is Trump beholden to Putin and dismantling our State Dept. Any threat to the USA should be a bipartisan concern.
Looks like Putin is better than Hillary because Hillary was more of a threat to destroy America.
You mean health insurance, you ninny
= #MercerBot You are a small person. Reminder Sen Kaine us an ethical man who served as a missionary @timkaine  @Morning_Joe
perfect and for you both-commit to discussing how you get it done before 2018-time to get to work!
Why...so we get more of your giveaways?
