Do you mean to say we are complete fools for a nation if we don't ban together and #Fight4Medicare4All If not the plan sucks, I'll pass.
Please support Medicare for all. #medicareforallrocks #ProtectthesickTim
That is what I've been advocating. We have healthcare. If it's not working well, fix it. Don't kill it. 
@Ron_Ebest 
If Ds wld come out now, propose & push Medicare 4 All, they'd turn House blue in 18.
But gotta have the balls 2 do it!
Medicare for all and unlimited has buy ups
Keep up the fight for all of Americans who King Donnie and crew would love to see just quietly disappear off the radar
Get it straight it's Ocare which you approved, Trump had no involvement liar
Improvement=Single Payer.
Universal health care. Period.
#Timkaine collapse is good for america #Trumpcare
This is a Great News. For now no worries about the Healthcare. 
If #Healthcare is so bad, why did you pass #Obamacare in the first place?
#WakeUpAmerica 
Congressional "leadership" sucks!
Here is an idea for a legislation: "lower the Medicare eligibility age to zero".

Single payer, baby.
Move out of the country get it elsewhere
cheaper to primary all Dems who are in pockets of Big Pharma like Cory Booker, and get the Single Payer passed: the cheapest and simplest.
Somehow, I feel they are not giving up yet.
Tim how do I request a campaign contribution tally under the #foia @FBI for a Governor and / or State Senators. @MarkWarner
@FoxNews @CNN @CNNPolitics @UN @AP 
@NATO @CIA >> @GovernorVA. 
Lots of Chatter relating to pedo-Phile. 
Bitch I am not walking anywhere.
Terry and Tim. 
Anyone of you know where the Lounge lizard is located. @SensytechInc
Expanding on this would likely be a breach of my Security Clearances.  Right @HillaryClinton
@NatReconOfc biped 554455 said

#Medicare4all
Before you celebrate, realize the bill failed because it wasn't conservative enough.
#FullRepeal is next
#RepealObamacare
You mean "ENACT UNIVERSAL HEALTH CARE"
Healthcare for all
Together you all can give insurance companies even more billions.Look out single payer here we come and then there we go talk about collapse
Yes. Let's do a #FullRepeal  and then you all, Democtats and Republicans,  can work on something better than the failure that's #ObamaCare.
Trumpcare didn't collapse, it didn't pass!  Obamacare collapsed, tried & failed.  See how this swamp dweller twists the truth. Vote out !
Yeah. Let's make some improvements! But not go crazy or anything.
Aye! Aye!
The collapse of ObamaCare is bad news and people are dying now! Repeal Ocare failure now!
Hey Kaine, I thought Aca was great the best democratic's could offer. To bad it is going under and it is all your fault
SENATOR EITHER FIX THE ACA !OR UNITE BOTH PARTIES !AND DRAFT A COMPREHENSIVE GREAT BILL!
Yes, and get rid of Obamacare as well.  Get to work on a Market based Health Care solution!
Like u worked w/ Republicans to pass ur pack of lies called #ACA?
Reality:  Obamacare is the disaster that is collapsing & has destroyed healthcare & insurance in the USA. No Republicans supported it.
What abt the shitty law YOU stuck us with? Let's just slide right past tht huh? It's SAD 2 think you were almst 1 breath from the Presidency
Is it dead really?  You will be surprised
New healthcare should only be passed if the senate & congress would be required to use that same healthcare for themselves & their families
SINGLE PAYER now must be path forward. No compromising !
Maybe some bipartisan work for the benefit of all?
I Agree with you! Don't let the Americn Public worry for 8 years! They have worried enough! Get it together for America! 
Obamacare is the law that's collapsing, Kaine.
Senator dont you mean work together to create universal healthcare.
And add in my son is repentant.
Good Tim. Can u please first type Obama care sucks. Was a lie and needs to be blown up

Let's work together for #SinglePayerNow
single payer now
stop spinning policitcs jackass...it's OBAMACARE that is collapsing not "Trumpcare"  @TheDemocrats @GOP @foxandfriends @lmchristi1
Good luck getting the GOP to work with you.  I hope that happens. We need each other.
Collapse like Ocare?
Yes by full repeal of Obama care
Way to go, Mr. Kaine!
Well, smarty...what are you doing about the collapse of Obamacare? It's failing! Wake up
Great job Sen. Kaine. What have happen to law under "Right to an adequate standard of living" Is Pres Trump have concern on this law?
but yes, we were told #Obamacare was the shizz... that repealing it would screw america. now you say it needs fixin?
IDK care what you call it, get something passed that takes the burden off the backs of the working middle class.
@EllenMorris1222 now to keep it from being repealed #NoRepeal
Thank you #norepeal
There has never been #Trumpcare This Obama care is the Democrats mess. Own it. @washingtonpost
So Obama's in charge then? The GOP can't get passed Obama? Well we should make him president again if he has all the power.
You have a point,Republican Pres,Sen,& Congress & debt goes up like Obama,Bush,etc,More wars just like the other presidents @realDonaldTrump
The guy is ineffectual and is inadvertantly leading us to war with his BFF Putin.
I think it is very easy ....Fix what's wrong with #ACA change the name from the darkish one to the oranges' one. BAM! We all get healthcare!
Lower the cost of health care. Get the IRS out of health care. Take away all benefits of Congress until our nation is debt free.
You are wrong! Very wrong!
Thank you for standing strong against the Trumpcare atrocity. Keep the pressure on against repeal. We self-employed need you.
Is Obamacare going to "collapse"? 50 or so counties will have no Obamacare insurer next year, is that a problem?
Don't let them repeal
First thing we must do if we want to improve healthcare, is to repeal Obamacare.
A partial repeal of the ACA will still mean the creation of Trumpcare. It's not going back to how things were, it's a new set of rules.
It's great news! We love paying more for our health care! Thank you Tim K!
Good government requires #bipatisanship & #HardWork thanks @timkaine for always being ready for both!
Collapse of #TrumpCare foreshadows #TrumpCollapse. He's a failed human being.
You can't let them pass this full repeal bill, either.
It's not a full repeal. McConnell is pushing the 2015 bill, which is only a partial repeal.
Maybe just change the name Obamacare.most of Republicans hate it .the truth is Obamacare was republican plan
Call your Rep., Senators today, demand for them to work to improve ACA "Obamacare".  I'm alive and working today bc of ACA, millions are.
I've heard it all, now! "Obamacare also creates jobs"? In spite of all the evidence to the contrary, I guess! 
@SenateGOP should work with Dems 2 improve the exisiting ACA...
Nope Dems should work w Repubs, they made the mess w no plan to fix it. Never read it remember??@seanhannity @JudgeJeanine @realDonaldTrump
OK.. Lead Us Forward..Everyone stop talking and start doing!
Timmy means work together for Single Payer.
The majority are speaking.
Exactly!!
Hold it, didn't you endorse O'care?  So now your saying that O'care is no good?  Sounds like you're clueless!
Love that Tim-but VA is sprouting Trump grapes to make bad Trump wine and that (infects) the health of everyone who sips it..
Tim you would be surprised how many people you and I know in common. Topics impossible for you to understand. Don't take comments personal.
I am not politically bias I read people in a based on what is best interest of the Country.
Yeah but not repeal now and figure it out when we see our next unicorn !!! Some1 check McConnell for Alzheimer's
It is, but now they just want to repeal ACA which has been their only real goal, and leave millions w/o insurance.
I sure hope so. The Insurance Co need to be reeled in.They can do anything they want. It's time to put restrictions on Ins Co.
Did you see McConnell's statement?
But you're so busy judging everyone for treason? PS did your son make bail?
I stand with you in supporting that.
Thank you for taking a stand for Virginia and for bipartisanship! You rock!
Thank goodness. 
Now we can get full repeal of that Obamacare trash, flush the whole thing!
It's not a full repeal. McConnell is pushing the 2015 bill, which is only a partial repeal.
