Dems introduce "public option" for ObamaCare http://hill.cm/8YWmgcy  
Only one thing could frighten the neolibs more than Trump to make them reach for the public option: single payer.
You are the best two members in the Senate! Glad you represent me and all Virginians.
Rs will nvr go for it as it will reduce their income from big pharma.
How much federal subsidy dollars do the insurance companies get under your plan? How about you get the federal government out of healthcare
#SinglePayer NOW!!
Pardon me if I find you wanting. Where was this for 7 years of the much needed reform on that horrible piece of legislation?
The 1% & their lapdog the GOP consider the poor & disabled disposable. They basically want dead, as many as possible
Mark this date on your calendars. #MHGA 
Make
Healthcare
Great
Again
Are you going to ram it down everyone’s throats like #obamacare?
And you expect your constituents to pay for this? Fellow Virginians, time to dump this carpetbagger.
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If it is so simple, why hasn’t been done?
My plan is even better! Want Health Care? Buy it! Like before Obamacare Socialist Health Care! Or use Medicare!
You are wasting your time.  The person in the White House won't ever let this happen. Ever!
hurry! major dermatology office refuses to take Aetna (govt employees plan). my doc switched to CASH up front, deal w your own insurance
We could use this in Fredericksburg; it seems we're down to just one option now. #medicareforall
Thank you.
Thank you
Finally, common sense!  To bad the R's are in control.  As Trump would say, they're failing bigly, sad
A bill to provide crappy coverage at an unaffordable price.  See taxes vs GDP in Europe where they have this bad coverage. Going broke
Why were we not able to offer this when Dems were in power...
Senator Leiberman, an independent, blocked it in 2010 and then we lost the house and senate
And yes, it's an even more meaningless gesture now but strategically more appropriate
You sir  are a true politician
@jfradioshow Heard your interview this am, I like this plan. I think it makes sense.



What if you're on Mount Everest

Why should we be subsidizing rich dentists needlessly hiking up an excessively tall mountain?
Should have left insurance alone destroyed most of Americans healthcare
Thank you!
thought we already had that with Obama Care. Are you trying to screw things up?
“Access to affordable” key term. It means nothing. If it is not a “guarantee” to healthcare, “access to insurance” is meaningless rhetoric.
Repealing #Obamacare mandates is only way to get back affordable insurance, the poor have Medicaid, everyone else, a rule of law, free mkt.
Your admitting #Obamacare is a failure and needs an overhaul?  Interesting
@thehill thank you
lmao you pushed Obamacare and now want to try and help your failure? Next time read the bill before you vote
It's now called TrumpCare. Trump announced two days ago ObamaCare was dead gone so it's now TrumpCare#DealWithIt
Finally. Where do I sign up?
Sounds good !
Now you want to make a bill.  No thanks leave Obama care alone to die.  Trump fixed the problem.  Now we all win by being allowed groups.
Thank you Senator!
Public option, yes!!
And after all the states do what they can to ensure health care after the Trump dismantling. He'll probably say that was his plan all along.  Chronic Liar #25thAmendment
It’s really not that easy. So, who pays for illegal immigrants and those who can’t afford it themselves?
How Much Money did you take from Harvey Winestien? Have You Denounced Him & His Filthy Bill Clinton Habits?
@thehill GOOD IDEA!
Y didn't u do that years ago. Maybe because most leftist don't pay for insurance anyways

@POTUS @VAGOPCAUS | Action not talk! Taken you 6+ yrs in #Senate and now you have a plan? While VA businesses and citizens suffered. SAD.
Would you be willing to be on your plan?  That is the real litmus test. Create the legislation for all of Congress to be on the same plan.
This is a great OPTION, it’s not a mandate! Stick w/being scammed & fooled by for prof ins if you want! If not, this gives choice. Thanks!!
Without taxpayer funds?  Healthcare care is not a right. Everyone needs to pay their own way
Access doesn't mean affordable.  Just because you,
@BernieSanders and  Senator Bennet have free healthcare, doesn't mean all Americans do.
The plans I have paid into do not allow Dr.s to hlp you !  They Botch the job or act as if you do not matter! Applications/car accident ques
Thank you @timkaine And @SenBennetCO !!
OK how much per month and wil you fix feet?
Trump was really dissing the insurance companies and their profits so maybe you can get him on board for this. 
We want medicare for all
It is greedy on your part to add to deficit and raise taxes on working Americans. Shame on you for pandering.
Oh please no not The public Option because universal healthcare would be the worst thing ever
Timmy you forgot to say "If you like your Dr. you can keep your Dr."
Make it happen. Good luck making people come to their senses. Kaine- Bennett Yes.
Give people a self exemption for religion. So we can see how many people who are for exempting employers from covering birth control will actually spite themselves.
I will buy it for my daughter until she finishes grad school!
SENATOR THAT'S WHAT IS NEEDED ADD OPTIONS TO FIX ACA EXTEND LIFE TIME OF ACA!
My response is the same to you the gov couldn't make money even selling pussey after seazing a Vegas brothel for back taxes
Rates must come down or it's not affordable.. Seriously stop the BS I'm a Democrat and I believe the rates are too too high
The purpose is to lower rates.  You want nothing until we get everything? Good lord.
The Lord has nothing to do with this and lower rates for who those with non pre-existing health conditions. Give me a f****** break 
@thehill all on backs of working Americans! While increasing free stuff for votes!
Like Obamacare was supposed to? That worked really well in Alaska. Fail.
I’m sure ppl will be lining up! Obamacare worse decision ever
You guys have robbed us enough. Fix this or get out!
Tim for President 2020
No. We want the same insurance YOU GET!
since we're not going to get that, do you want him to ditch this plan?
You da man!
I say, put all the members of Congress on Medicaid and the problem will quickly solve itself.
I say we make them choose a plain with a shitty HMO, $5,000,000 deductible and $1,000,000 copays.
Sounds like the Obamacare lie 
