Republican Senators are working very hard to get there, with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash & burn!
Not to mention Ocare crashing and burning because of him pouring on kerosene, tossing a match and fanning the flames!
Fox is reporting the same thing. It is a shame so many people just believe that Dems were not willing to work with Repubs. Makes me sick.
Why wouldANYsane informed 
Non#Cult45person even watch
#FauxNews let alone believe anything they say! #FauxNewsIsTheRealFakeNews
#AHCAKills
It was on at the doctors office in the waiting room. I don't watch Fox but it's amazing how many do
Resign Kaine!
Certainly can't blame Dems for not participating when GOP refused to allow them to participate!  Would be funny if not so tragic.
Can you please explain obstructions and collusion to me
The repubs can't. Secrets are for those who are dishonest. This bill is Wealthcare for the rich.
Orangey, a lifelong CON artist, can't help but LIE his ass off. #LiarInChief
Holy cow, he's dumb.
ACA failing talking point after 6yrs of GOP not willing to fix the issues that came up over the yrs. They think we weren't paying attention.
Yes, typically Democrats won't help with a plan that will lead to the death of 8x's more people every year than 9/11...
This bill is an attack on Americans, if passed then Blue States should secede.
Actually all they would have to do is refuse to pay federal taxes so long as their dollars continue to flow to states that net take
@realDonaldTrump TRUMP you need to start looking at the whole show not just the commercials @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @indtx36
U must Fox and Friends watcher
Little hope that DT will ever leave election mode. He's still "us and them" & ppl wonder why so many say not my president. I wish he weren't
It's nice to see the president hanging the failure of our health system over us as a scare tactic.
Single payer...
@realDonaldTrump any chance we can just let you crash and burn? Given the fact that most of the American ppl hate your lying breathing guts.
Anything other than Single Payer Medicare for All is Bullshit.!  @realDonaldTrump
Dems worked nearly a year designing ACA; it just needed tweaking. GOP focus should be on reining in prescription drug & med care costs.
Secretive GOP wouldn't even let a woman GOP assist in crafting their death bill. They knew someone like Susan Collins wouldn't stand for it.
.You have to ask why?
Don't try logic & truth, doesn't seem to work, tell @realdonaldtrump Democrats were busy with hot @TrumpModels He'll understand that.
Yes, perhaps he could send the money promised to Obamacare providers instead of sabotaging it. He is tanking ACA himself.
@POTUS wondering what your crash and burn will look like!  I am imagining a giant poof of orange smoke whereupon a hole swallows you whole.
Trump doesn't listen to anyone except the voices in his earpiece!
Oh hell - they didn't even include their own party in the crafting...  Call it what it is #Wealthcare
So much demagoguery...just like a politician in a 3rd world country...
Trump lives in his own world of make believe!!
And how many Drm proposals have been offered but are now collecting dust b/c Reps won't even consider considering them???
Leave ACA to "crash n burn" then work on fixing it in 2018 when #GOP who supported #TrumpDontCare R Toppled. #Resist  .@RandiRhodes .@GOP
We know Mr. Kaine.....TRUMPS very Mentally ill!
American Presidents should not be pathological liars.
Nothing but Louie's sneaking health care through they know it stinks.
What happened to protecting Medicare? Answer that!
@realDonaldTrump Stop lying and misrepresenting EVERYTHING. People are not stupid. We are watching. We do not believe you.
U baby pants Prez are a ppl destroyer! Your mind is unable to see past ur greed. Ppl are sayin u r going to jail!   Well yes ppl are sayin!
He says perhaps just let the ACA crash as if that's not exactly what they did. If they would only have tried to fix health care it'd be done
Definition of "fake news."  Making up a story based on lies.
That average increase is very misleading. Its far worse than that for particularly vulnerable groups.
CALL IT TRUMPCARE!!!!!
No help from dems?!  And this clown pres. cries about fake news when he is the biggest source of it!
We know. He's nuts.
Democrats need to DEMAND Committee Review- they represent the American People and they need to stand up for the American People DO SOMETHING
I wouldn't give this traitor any helps on his sham bill and given this process. It's also not an issue over legitimate debate and processes.
So sad, what has happened to the by, for, and of the people government, and not party politics?
Republican SOBs are blaming their stonewall sequester, 
to kill the ACA, on democrats.
G reed 
O ver
P eople
Plsdon't forget Republicans SABOTAGED ACA by not providing promised subsidies & filing lawsuits against enforcement:

That's because they are afraid of working just trying to get more money for the RICH..
How much longer do we have to endure Trump?  Even Pence would be better than this.  And I campaigned against Pence for his opponent in IN.
@realDonaldTrump I didn't see you complaining when your party passed Obambacare with 0 republicans involved.
Quit complaining and do something about it!  Single payer!
Nice to finally hear from you, Senator?  Whereyabeen?
Nevermind President Orange failing to faithfully execute the office by letting ACA crash and burn.
Yeah, silly Dems refusing to take a seat at the table just because they had no idea where the hell the table was!
Hard to understand why the Dems aren't supporting the destruction of our health care.
Pass it and we can read it and find out what's in it.  Pelosi. Didn't work then. Will not work now.  We all lose.
"So we can find out what's in it ... without the GOP continuously lying about it in the media." Spkr Pelosi.
Wish you could all just snap out of it and get something done.  Wasn't it the Dems to had to vote 4 Obamacare to see what was in it? 
Without the GOP lying about it for another six months, yes.
Drumpf, Ryan, McConnell, & cronies care nothing for the majority of Americans!
Don't take the bait. Make them improve not replace obamacare!
It's useless to honor his rediculousness with a comment!
Respectfully Senator, the process isn't the issue here. Obamacare is working pretty well. Maybe call attention to Trump's sabotage efforts?
Like, sure, an open process would be good. But we know what this bill is and they're doing all they can to ruin the US healthcare system.
@MalcolmNance More of this please!
I'm still not sure what @POTUS means by "no help from Democrats." Like you said, how would one "help" a secret, closed-door process?
Trump shouldn't touch Ocare with a ten foot putt!!! The Democraps own it..
They are replacing the pile of crap you gave the people... and got them in power. Could've passed single payer. Is that #PeopleNotPolitics?
Funny u should say that Mr Kane, Dems done the same thing with Obama care
Hardly!  Dems DID nothing thing in secret, behind closed doors, without hearings!  And sadly, health insurance doesn't cover bad grammar!
That's rich, Senator.From a party member who's speaker said you have to pass the bill to find out what's in it@
Blatant misreading of Pelosi comment. In no way does this compare to the ACA,  no matter what you've been told
obamacare was worse than that, voted on without reading it. Bunch of lies told to pass it.
He's not talking to us, Senator Kaine. He's talking to a base who doesn't care about truth or facts.
Your leader said he wouldn't join in... remember
I wish he'd stop tweeting. Hold himself to a higher standard. We are exhausted.
Your leader Crying Chuck has publicly stated repeal of Ocare is a non starter & will not work with GOP. Resist, Resist. Like Ocare is great
Still waiting for your alternate plan.

“We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it." ~ Nancy Pelosi
Wasn't #Obamacare passed with ZERO voters from #Republicans? When did you become a fan of bipartisanship? Only when you are the loser!
Why? You have already stated you are against WHATEVER they come up with.
He's already letting the ACA crash and burn.
Umm..ACA has been trouble for a while...where have u been?
Remember when you made us pass the bill before we could know what was in the bill. #hypocrite #pathetic
How you @SenateDems Post a copy of your new Healthcare online for US Voters to decide on.
Called again today!  Will anyone actually listen?
Well their main game is to 'blame'....they are good at it!
Thank you for pointing out the @GOP and @realDonaldTrump deceit. 
Rushed & in secret w lobbyists and insurers. Not shady at all-- nope.
Pushing through as Budget Reconciliation! No help from Dems is a deliberate abuse of the process. Byrd Rule application please!
The Dems act so nasty no one wants them around.
Our Prez is a bully, an ass, and a child ... so jealous of President Obama that he can't see straight. And his Repub Senators are sheep.#baa
Trump is crazy. Psychopath leading America no where.
Good Leaders at times throw away political agendas and work for betterment of Masses. Democrats are not showing that trait.
Worry about unaffordable Obamacare with skyhigh premiums and co-pays that is useless, since people can't afford $10,000 deductibles!
Did you ask to the president to help? Didn't think so.
You tell him senator !!!!!!
Why should Rs get help from Ds.The Rs have controlled congress for 61/2 years and haven't done ONE thing to make bill better #whystartnow
Maine, you a minute late and a pound short.  This is last week's news.
#RussianPOTUS45 & #RussianGOP screwing over Americans and #LiarInChief making a joke about it. #WeAreDOOMED
Will the President and staff be participating in this so-called wonderful medical plan they think is better than ACA?
Exactly
Heard your son Linwood likes secret commie meetings and wears a mask to beat Americans in public. You should approve!
This is a death sentence for the Republican Party if it passes, people will not forget who took something away from them!
He won't even open up press briefings...
you all have stated several times you would not help. @POTUS has asked several times for you all to come together and you simply won't. LIAR
Let Ocare crash and burn along with the millions who need it...this from a man who has called for unity. #LiarInChief
Both of you whine too much. Do your part how you see fit and let cards fall as they will.
Frankly, it is sad that you have to be told repeatedly to act like men. Both of you put your big girl panties on and do your jobs.
You mean like Obamacare that you have to pass the bill to read it???
Taken out of context. The #ACA was available for public view for MONTHS. Many meetings were held. All parties partcipated.
and yet passed on party lines shoved down taxpayers throats. Told that it would fail now it is and dems r saying work with us to fix it nope
Yeah, kind of hard to help when nobody on the other side of the aisle is asking for your help.
And they don't need Dems to do anything, including passing this bill... the consequences of 23 million losing health will be 100% on them.
Time to get behind #MedicareForAll Senator Kaine!
Dems can't really be obstructionists right now under republican rule. If he can't sell this to his own party that's on him not dems
Kinda sounds like a play right out of Obamas book huh Timmy
Bin Laden orchestrated the death of 3k & injury of 6k @realDonaldTrump will WIN by beating Bin Laden in killing & hurting More Americans 
@realDonaldTrump I think Obama care was even more secretive. Fix your teeth
No kidding.  Their rhetoric is ridiculous.
