White supremacists return to Charlottesville with torches, chant “we will be back" http://hill.cm/uMYwxLD  
Virginia your state is under seige by this heinous group! Do something!
One of their ilk, Enron Ed, is running for governor in VA. He is just another Trumphole.
I would love to see a Kaine/Warner ticket in 2020.
Bad idea! Both from VA. Electors can't vote for two people from their own state. At least one MUST be from another state. See amendment 12.
Oh well...
you’re amazing 
I wish the same could be said for our country...
What about Black Lives Matter?  Have you come out against them yet?
oh shut it , blondie!
SERIOUSLY.. I agree!
Tim, who backed them? Who organized them? We really need to know.
Please get the police in Cville to treat them as unwelcome. Online accounts say they were escorted away safely by police, treated as guests.
Then move the statues to a museum.
Amazing no tweets about these "fine people" (per trump) marching again - on his tweeter!
Exactly bruh!!!
Not sure I disagree but, coming from a man who  uses a bull dozer to bury modern day holocaust survivors seems... disengenuinuos.

This administration is clear
We hate anyone that is queer
Or taking the pill
On the insurance bill
Though the Nazis who march we hold dear
What about the rest of the country?
Senator, what are you going to do to make sure the don’t come back?
I can't take any white supremacist seriously when they are holding a Polynesian product while yelling racial slurs. Stay in school kiddos
Where is the outrage from the WH? guess they were too busy staging expensive stunts against NFL players.
White supremacists 
have never "GONE" anywhere 
they breed among us
feel inferior alone
powerful in pod's
they r
shameful ugly Americans
lol
we must unite in strength for good over evil.
And end the war on women thanks
They haven't left Virginia. Dick & Eli from Identity Evropa were in Alexandria just yesterday. Dick rents a place in VA. Do the needful.
Where was the police presence?
They came after it was over because I don't think they knew it was going to take place
Please support DACA and not Trumps’s insane wall
Stop giving them exactly what they crave, publicity.  Ignore them. Idiots.
Thank you,  we know that you're the rightfull Vice President. 
When Mueller drops  we will fill the streets and demand your Inauguration
.@realDonaldTrump @vp Sen. Kaine shows leadership. By not condemning u are "kneeling" to this ilk and disrespecting our Greatest Generation
Can we do something about that statue please? It is now clearly a rallying point for white supremacists.
I agree. Same message to Antifa, BLM, and other hate groups! Not in our Virginia!
Have everyone show up and take a knee. See what the White House says then
Virginia must formally declare these White Supremacists as a violence prone, anti-American terrorist organization.
Without violence on our part we have to get in their way where ever they show up. We can not let trumps klan have free rein anywhere.
Richard Spencer is a terrorist in a suit. Their presence has already proven deadly - this situation needs more than the state tagline.

You're so Canned. totally unauthentic
And we will be ready again to voice our distain for bigotry, hatred and intolerance.We will resist again & again. Thx Sen Kaine for support
But they will. They’re considered “activist” is what read somewhere. Unfortunate this is America has become.
Impose mandatory wiener measurements before they can protest.
A guide on how to gently resist Nazis without hurting any feelings anywhere.
Take the damn statues Down
Why doesn't trump  have something to say about these guys?  He has no problem trash talking Mayor Cruz or Hillary.
Sending lots of love to your beautiful state. #hatewontwin #letloveshine #Virginia
Respect this @timkaine. Now make it a reality.
Removing historic statues is being dragged backwards.
And of course DT came out and strongly denounced them.  Right?  Right?
We realize you have a difficult Senate race, but you have a record of accomplishment.Please don't silence your voice in the name of politics
What’s 45 got to say about it
Why will Trump speak out against football players exercising freedoms and praise white supremacist?  I'm so confused. 
Wellll, this is twice now, so one could believe that #Charlottesville is welcoming to such human dregs.
While this disturbance in VA. takes place, Trump focused on NFL taking a knee in peaceful protest.  VA, unlike Trump, don't want nazis & KKK
Take their torches & build a huge bon fire & a stake, then tie their asses to that stake...Rid the world of a few nuts 
Virginians despise U
Virginia is for lovers not haters.... Keep KZkZk out!!!
Send them up here to Brooklyn.  We’ll take care of them for you.
Cc: @EdWGilllespie
I guess freedom is out of the question you come across like  Hitler wow is this what democrats stand for????
Except they keep coming back and who is stopping them???
Some of those who gathered last night in #Charlottesville were local. They are Virginians. Virginia must get its own house in order on race.
Nazi's can crawl back into the hole they came from. They have no place in America.
Can’t you stop@them for HARRASSMENT?
How do you judge a white supremist /?  A white person age 38 and over who isn't benefitting the minorities directly ? People do spend money
Arrest them.
Presuming white supremicy is Facism plus
Did you chase the white supremists out somehow ? To where ?
The symbolism of this digusting. “roughly 30” #lol #Antifa is a much larger prob #WhiteSupremacy NOT mainstream Only morons support
Don’t come back to KC either Timmy. Stay back east with the disfunctionals.
Yet you advocare for killing babies ... is that what Virginia is all about
Did they have a permit, or was this an unlawful assembly? Don't just offer words, Mr. Kaine - take action.
Thank you
They'll be back as long as we have a racist lunatic in the WH
Just like a dummycrat. Nothing good to say go pervert
You're the hater
The country & the world needs a new 21st Century version #TrumanDoctrine so #Write #It @DaveJMatthews wants your @USSenate seat @NancyPelosi
@davematthewsbnd there its that easy Tim is leaving for @WhiteHouse to be Senior Foreign Policy advisor to President Pelosi #WalkingMan
Well said, Tim Kaine!
Thank you, Senator Kaine, for looking out for the place of my birth.
Why isn’tTrump speaking up.?Rhetorical it’s because he’s a racist
Notice The Hill put this out! Are they backing the haters???
We're like any other place, we have people & we have this trash. We just need to make our voices louder & our will stronger.
White supremacists want their homeland back. They should go back to their true ancestral home: Europe. I doubt they will want them.
Why nothing from POTUS on this today?
Where is 45's outrage over this? Where?
And Trump isn't saying a thing against this! Makes you think #BlackLivesMatter #Kaepernick #TakeTheKnee
I agree 
This is more anti-American that kneeling. Why isn't Trump bullying this group? Too many from his base?
#facts
Haven't we seen enough hate all over not just virginia
They will be back, over and over. They worship our honor of racism. We happily provide the perfect stage for thee lunatic assholes.
.Tell your buddy Soros to keep them away
In the midst of so many natural disasters, these ignorant clowns remain clueless. Losers begging for attention.
Of us here to fend for ourselves.
I think that these people and all those that think like him should buy an island, put @realDonaldTrump and @VP in charge and leave the rest
BLM did execute cops for just being cops though. I guess you are fine with innocent cops being murdered in cold blood?
Tim Kaine why is your son in Antifa? You realize ANTIFA is an communist terrorist group right?
Like your antifa son doing violent and u calling for violent everywhere ur a hypocrite.
All because of the liberal city council with fools like Mike Signer and racist Wes Bellamy. It's their fault.
Your son must be so sad to hear this.
the kkk used to hand out leaflets on w broad st richmond in 1954. its poisonous.
Virginia is for lovers, not baby killers,  #TimKaineCowardCatholic
Before you become KKK walk through Slave Boat exhibit
Love you Tim
They're so desperately trying to stay relevant and recruit new inbreds
Wake up people! Tim Kaine is a puppet for the Soros-Clinton-Obama Corruption Syndicate, primary sponsors of the "hate" groups he condemns.
Shouldn’t tRUMP/Penice be tweetin’ ‘bout this?
Stupid People will "Always Hate" Intelligence @RealTrump2016 so I Don't Listen to them @SteveGDLA I Love @mike_pence  Regardless
How do we stop these terrorists from threatening us? Can we not use existing law (fire marshall declare the torches unsafe, or something)?
The SupremeCourt says when Nazis incite ppl 2break laws they lose freedom of speech protections Brandenburg v. Ohio
Why was the permit approved for a hate group, one of which killed someone just a few weeks ago? #Charlottesville
Because they have rights. You should look into this. #BillofRights
Timmy, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ""HELP"" """AMERICANS"""!!!!!!!!!????????????????
Some more of those “very fine people.”  Trump emboldens the scourge of the Earth.
'...tiki torches at twilight...'
Where is the crazed shooter...taking a night off?
National Guard, Guv'nor?
We’re so divided.
We don't need their hate here in VA.
That's what i keep telling y'all don't come back
Ignore them Tim
They were also chanting "we love Russia". Do any of them know any history at all? Or just the Civil War?
But not a word from fake potus and fake vp
“We refuse to be dragged backwards” he says as media, law enforcement, + elected officials normalize these events and criminalize activists
If the government and media are protecting white supemacists and criminalizing activists—“dragged backwards” nothing. We never left.
Because the left needs bogey-men to keep its base in a constant state of fear & anger. You want a real-life Emmanuel Goldstein.
Thirty losers parade around chanting & you bravely signal your virtue. Why are you paying any attention at all to them? Answer... /1
Look  a little closer a boys  singing group #facknews

@timkaine I think throwing all of them in jail might teach them a lesson.
"Don't come back" then why don't you do something about it Tim? But you won't, bc you're a politician. Not 4 the ppl at all.
You have been backwards for as long as you have been taking taxpayers monies and have nothing to show for it. You are the HATER!
The struggle is real. Imagine the energy if they all solved their own issues.
"Don't come back." Wow. That'll stop them. 
BOOYAH Baby!  lol
Spencer is a spoiled brat living off his mama's cotton field inheritance which receives subsidies from the government. He's pathetic.#loser
The USA Won!
The CSA lost. Get over it!

The Trump Family emails!
Hello NSA are you listening?

Lock them up! Lock them up! Lock them up!

Unfortunately the "hate" starts from the top (White House) down.  Sen. Kaine, please keep an eye on DT for fellow Virginias.
Your doing a pretty good job of stirring up discord and hate for the president of the United States , practice what you preach
They will return. They have received full throated endorsements from the oval office, evangelicals and today's GOP on the hill + statehouses
Democrat party is Hate and Resist ..Try unity instead of racist remarks
Were the guys with the assault weapons there again also?
Even Nancy Pelosi was forced to condemn AntiFa. You still haven’t.
Hey, isn't your son a terrorist and in jail?
There will always be ignorant losers, like these white supremacists. Now, unfortunately, they have a champion in the White House.
Virginia needs to find a way to discourage those twerps. The state will lose so much, including its reputation. Nothing good comes from hate
Charlottesville it’s a beautiful town does not need to be infected with this virus called white supremacy
Cville was born with the infection, but we are working on healing.  We certainly don't need any more germs as we do the work.
There I agree. Can we also keep ANTIFA out? Violence is the last resort of incompetence KKK/Nazi the first resort of scoundrels ANTIFA/BLM
Either way it was peaceful no rioting no looting.. And you are racist.

LOL Fox News
Sen. Kaine, as long as the celebratory statue's of Nazi's are still in VA, they'll come to terrorize your citizens. 

Best, @OhVeronica9
Yet U burden us w/DREAMERS, weak borders, no tax reform or HC! YOU have protection, YOU have HC, etc.  WHO DO U WORK FOR? YOU DRAG USA down.
Senator Kaine, @GovernorVA we need more than eye rolling and finger wagging. How many MORE must die before VA government takes action?
Fake account warning here.
Richard Spencer needs to be investigated as leader of terrorist org, so future invasions can be prevented.
I wonder what the FBI has to say about this
The GOP has turned the keys of our country over to Russia & dark fringe elements. Please tell me that someone in power cares about this!

Good advise.  Go back to MN
I believe it’s a fake account. No professional doctor would talk that way on a public page. The only info you can find on her is this acct.
I am the nicest person, calm, happy, generous.... but these idiots just piss me off.  And yes, I have yelled at bots too... 
Let's not forget the pedophiles @SenKaineOffice @HillaryClinton @SenSchumer and others condone.
Take note, no tweets from Trump denouncing this
It'll take more than your tweet,it's time for action
We’ve got to cut off the stinking fish head as Scarrimucci would say. Get 45 out now. He’s a fool and unstable narcissist.
Just search Youtube: einsatzgruppen.  Then wonder, how ignorant the Spencer types are.  Failures trying to be something, just like Hitler
How about assessing and fixing the problem rather than focusing on blame?
That's right. You tell'm, @timkaine. Remember #HeatherHeyer. #RIPHeather
You would have made a great VP
We said that after last incident when young lady was murdered, yet here they are again! How are Virginians going to stop this????
Unfortunately, some of them probably are Virginians.

We have to face this hate head on.
This is a fake account.
I hope it’s a fake account. I can’t imagine a professional doctor talking like that. She needs to lose her license
They came back to the scene of the crime committed by one of their compatriots. Vile.
Hey.. nit-witted, racist, hateful, lie spreading, fake news addicted "dr",
Did Charlotteville issue a permit to demonstrate or arrest him for demonstrating without as permit????
Fake news. They did have a permit.
Did they have the Nazi flag again?
Not true.  It was the kkk march on Charlottesville.   Stop spreading hate and lies ffs
All I asked @ejziem41 is if they displayed the Nazi flag. Is that spreading hate and lies?
Is your son still in prison?
No Tim used his influence to get him off a charge that most of us would still be in jail for.
