South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!
#Impeach #Real Donald #Trump #Real #Problem
Our POS in Chief
Thank you Obama for ignoring the issue
BUT #HesNotMyPresident
You wanted to be vice-president. So tell us what your serious strategy would be.
I appreciate your viewpoint. @ the same time, I need to hear Dems also talking about realistic solutions if they're going to criticize
Totally agree, no solutions offered. Let's just do what we did the past 8 years = "nothing". That worked real well.
I wouldn't call maintaining peace Nothing. What would you suggest?
No, please tell me what has been done prior as the nuclear threat grows? Maintaining peace or prolonging eventual issue ?
Ur seriously slow.  We aren't at war with psycho NK.  The last 40+ years are a success.
You shouldn't belittle your working with republicans to help the American population rather than poking at Trump.
O and what Kaine.please don't fire that bomb off please.please w cherry on top.SHUT UP and let our prez.do what he does best! PROTECTAMERICA
Keep throwing your meaningless grenades with no solutions... your little libby sheep just adore them.
http://www.wctv.tv/content/news/Tim-Kaines-son-among-8-charged-for-allegedly-disrupting-pro-Trump-rally-424729803.html …
No one cares what you think you raised a terrorist.
What and back down like your Precious Obama and Clinton did!https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/904465839826620416 …
You should raise your terrorist son better you joke
Pipe down Tin Can
I think Timmy should've spent more time raising his own than telling others what to do! Denounce your son Woody's ANTIFA Group!
Belittling?He's just saying he told SK that giving in to NK demands won't work.Cant believe a farmboy has to translate what a NewYorker says
Farmboys have common sense!  That's why you have to be the interpreter for someone like this senator.
Trump thinks his job is tweeting incessant stupid comments at all of his allies and workers while bragging about his bigly failures.
Get Back to ur video games
Is North Koreas aggression solely that of Kim Jong Un or does he really have the backing of the higher ups of his government. Anyone know?
Kim is an actual dictator. Everyone below him does what he says . All the military leaders support his dictatorship
And it would be nice if you didn't belittle OUR PRESIDENT every chance you got!!

@HouseGOP @SenateGOP @CNN @FoxNews Its obvious that @POTUS is just plain unstable and dangerous to the USA!#RepublicansAgainstTrump #USVet
@realDonaldTrump North Korea? The terrorist the FBI want Senator is your son! Any tips on his location?  http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/09/top-democrat-tim-kaines-son-antifa-member-congratulations-tim-youve-raised-terrorist/ …
How's your fascist, alt-left, terrorist son "Woody" doing? Is he out of jail, yet? FBI most wanted, yet? You must be so proud.
I agree.  We need dialogue and we need ADULT interaction with our allies.
Yeah Timmy, he should just give him millions of our tax dollars right.... have you discussed with your little boy that PANTYFA are BAD?????!
I thought Obama and Hillary werer going to restore worldwide respect for America. What happened?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/09/history-lesson-why-did-bill-clintons-north-korea-deal-fail/?sw_bypass=true&utm_term=.e8d0173c2eaa …
You know if your running mates husband hadn't armed these fools we the USA wouldn't be dealing with this crap now.
Is your son still an Antifa thug who threatens by aggression?
Tim I love ya but you're stating the bleeding obvious here.... use your 140 more productively
This is a terrible time to have someone like DT at the wheel.
....and Clinton shouldn't have given them nukes in the first place. It's so funny how you guys like to arm our enemies like it's a game.
Hey Tim, how is that antifa son of yours doing?
news flash: you lost the election
https://twitter.com/MemeAlertNews/status/904384761350811648 …
Are we going to get "aggression on many sides" here?  Or is this issue clearer? #Resistance
Trump only knows how to threaten
@realDonaldTrump only knows one thing:  LIE

Donald won't otherwise achieve anything. What an empty useless creature. #RemoveTrump #Illegit
Why on earth is this man tweeting policy?
Is he demented or simply incompetent?
Drs say he has Neurosyphillis 
Explains lot
Look at symptoms
Then, every single one of you should be slamming impeachment on the table. Enough with the talking. Do Something Dammit
@BrianPaulStuart tRump is incapable of anythng.uTim bt u sound like milk toast.Th bastard is a sociopath &needs stronger critism
whatever you say timothy leary!
How is that statement, in any way belittling? More identity politics. Shocker.
He has to make it about him.
Shut up Tim, u lost the election, remember? Ur not in charge, thank God.
How the hell did u become a Senator Timmy? U say some of the most stupid things! U need to be voted OUT!
Not dealing with a full deck
It is however completely in character (or lack thereof)
It is better to remain stupid in silence Kaine than open your mouth and remove all doubt.
Smh
Senator Kaine. Whatever President Trumps plan is. I'm sure you will hate it. What is your plan?

Your a joke, just like your son. Obama kissed everyone's a$$. Now President Trump will get it fixed BAMN
What did Democrats do to stop this crazy man. NOTHING.  So STHU. President Trump will stop him.
Belittling is his go to strategy. He's scum
And yet....
Containment worked
Now we have spit in your eye kremputin provocation. Kremlin abetting, paying nk technology. Baiting dumdumtrump.
Mr. Trump's mental state and his incoherent tweets pose greater threat than NK's nuke. Trump should be in a mental hospital--good for all!
It is reckless and disrespectful to the South Korean people who have suffered greatly for decades. They need our support as allies.
He's right! You cannot negotiate with a mad man! No amount of talking will stop him! He fed his own flesh & blood to DOGS! He's a MURDERER!
What would you call the South's policy if not appeasement at all cost ?
I’m going to guess, no one ask you to chime in.
DPRK are the good guys
He has no clue who or what that is sir.
Save us Sentor Kaine! This is crazy BS! #notmypresident
You, goofball, should not belittle our president.
And you shouldn't belittle our President.  You have been a horrible role model.  You son was arrested for violence.
What's you idea?
Yeah. It he's an idiot
We only wish President would take sound advice, instead of that clinically insane rattling on, endlessly.
What should we do? I'm all ears.........The silence is deafening
Hey numb nuts, ur not the President!
of one thing we are certain, you surely don't know much.  Antifa supporter
Then you better back him when he takes action and not cower and say he needs to talk.
It is beyond time for the Congress/Senate to come together & stop this idiocy!! Country over party!  Now...
Who does this on twitter?
He didn't, he stated a fact. Same type of appeasement in North Korea was used with Iran. How long?
You are fake
I'm really glad your ticket lost!

trump blowing wind
he has to FEEL superior at all times
@timkaine when you find your balls, you can let us know. Just worry about your son staying out of jail.
At a time like this you score cheap political points?  I'm ashamed  of where I live and that you represent me in the Senate!
At a time like this you score cheap political points? I'm ashamed that I live where you represent.  But I will do all I can to get you out!
another dumbot
Why can't he just shut up 
Perhaps that's what Putin wants - a wedge between the US and South Korea?
His behavior looks like that of a child. Must be removed
A rational approach will never come from the irrational uninformed and dangerous #Orangeman
Mr. Kaine, Please save us.
Tim Kaine you are such a tool, how the hell did you get elected ???????
All of the Fairweather Warriors should form a delegation and go to North Korea and talk that lunatic out of trying to start a nuclear war
Oh yeah, Good luck with that.
Sen. K I like you but pull out of S. Korea and let them negotiate their people out of POW camps when the north comes and takes everything.
So alienating allies is the move we're making, perfect

Belittle? Try kicking them in the ass. Appeasement is why we are here with a nuclear NK that can strike the US. Get on board for the country
@DNC Right another globalist like Scihiff thinking you have the answers. You had 8 years to to something but failed to take action
Hey bro there is a reason your title is still Senator and not VP.
Sen. Kaine, lets hear your solution to the NK crisis. Show them love? Or hug them? Why is Trump the blame for this? Obama had 8 yrs.
Trump & Kim Jung Un playing toy soldier again with dire consequences.
Stupid. Trump didnt belittle SK. He made a valid point. Appeasement wont work with the little midget.
Come on tim. "Serious strategy"??? For him, and now basically our whole country, that's an oxymoron.
Maybe his threat to SK economy is intended as punishment for not agreeing to invade NK? 
King DonJon desperately needs bigger better drama
"As I told them." Yes, SK needs advice from an ignorant grifter.
What an astute observation!
This doesn't appear to be belittling to S. Korea. How do you interpret it as such?
Tim,  you and your fans seem to be uninformed, full of hate and expert name callers. You all seem to be against uniting USA behind President
Amen
Tim you sound dumber than you look
The Deep State wants more War and, more $$$! Stop Big Oil. Wall Street. The Kochs', Mercers, NSA, CIA etc...This is not Democracy.
Nothing like an I told ya so?
It's not America that will pay the most in a war with NK. It's our allies. The President doesn't seem to care or acknowledge that. Very sad
Un profesional decente e ilustrado como usted no entiende la mente torcida de un sociopata ignorante en todo, menos ser bully.
@realDonaldTrump And he shouldn't threaten a trade war with same ally. (If only we had TPP, then we could really pressure PRC.)
trump is clueless
- US
- President
- North Korea
- Strategy

....golf?
Simply a #Clueless #POTUS who needs to be removed from office.
Getting old he's not going anywhere, why not give him a chance , can't be worse than the last 8 years
Senator, Trump is NOT fit for office! It's time to remove him before he causes WW3. #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #GetHimOut #RESIST
Do you know who's shooting missiles ; HELLO
He has to be removed  before he gets a nation killed.
At this point Trump should be on a Twitter blackout regarding North Korea!
Htrump should be nowhere near foreign policy.
The only solution is for both sides to stand down.
And that includes the US.
Threats & sanctions go nowhere.
Negotiate an end to Korean War.
Thanks to our previous leaders that will never happen. What are the articles you suggest to nevotiate?
The last thing our President needs is the opinion of the chief obstructionist and Soros-Obama-Clinton dunce puppet.
Appeasement has led them to the Brink....will you be the One to Push them Over....Kitty Kaine?
The reason we are in this situation is more dangerous failed liberal policies. It's time we clean up another liberal mess.
What would you propose doing Timmy? Advertising the strategy for all to see? If you had any ideas....
It's everyone's fault but his. Just like the small handed baby he is
No DT...you only understand one thing..to do whatever you must to get what you want and that is to win.  Losing depresses you.
@realDonaldTrump 

Concur, Senator.
OMG don't you ever have anything positive to say? You're hyperbole is reckless & unhelpful.
He needs to lear to listen, no talking, get advice .
And you sir shouldn't belittle the president. He who lives in a glass house shouldn't throw stones
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.  TRUMP DOESN'T LIKE TO LISTEN TO OTHERS.  HE ONLY LIKES TO HEAR HIMSELF TALK!
@realDonaldTrump everyone has appeased nkorea for 25 years and look what that has gotten us.  past due for a different approach
The N. Korean response requires a knowledge president of America to respond. We Do Not have one.  Ours is a crazy racist narcissist .
Move to North Korea please
He's not belittling them he's telling them how it is and you should learn from that instead of blowing smoke up everyones asses
We could give them $150 Billion like Obama did with Iran. Bill Clinton started this. "Good deal for America" perhaps you should pipe down.
Trump=disgrace
Trump is Dangerous
Move to North Korea
Strategy comes from the department of defense. The presidents top advisers. Not the president
Thank G-D you're not the VP.
Bot
Your son is a member of Antifa. Did you help coordinate these violent protests?
Sssshhhhh stop criticizing and try and be helpful
No classy person belittles others.
He has one. He just doesn't tell you.
He has no ability for diplomacy and therefore shoots his mouth off.
EVERYONE knows @realDonaldTrump couldn't Find His Head with Both Hands if he was Looking in a Mirror, He'sFar WorseThanUselessInAnyCrisis!
I've Live in South Korea. Serious strategy is an Opinion. Appeasement and Hammers are both Strategies and Appeasement Hasn't Worked.
So you want a nuclear haze wafting over you?
I'm scared. Every day that trump is President I have been in fear for all of us, my family, our country and now the world.
Go to Canada and hide under your Baby Bed Maybe mommy will kiss it Buttercup.
Lets just give him money and tell him to stop doing it........... #AntifaFather
He seems to always pick on the wrong people South Korea races peaceful protestors NATO  ethnic groups disabled religions judges women obama
NK will take advantage of the #USA while there is a corrupt, incompetent, ignorant, volatile @POTUS in the WH., #Trump is a security risk.
To put it mildly.
Just trump being trump which is a jackass being a jackass.
Is it any wonder that SK wants to appease? There's no question about whether NK missiles can reach SK.
Crazy hey.  I don't understand the thinking.  Maybe trying to make China feel better?
Trump was placed in office by Putin to disable and destroy the U.S. and that is exactly what he is doing
I don't get it! This matter is so serious,he shouldn't be tweeting about it! None of his pred. from Wash. to Obama would handle it like that
Trump is a stupid, ignorant person
Words asking an insane bully not to belittle someone falls on deaf ears. Belittlement is a boardroom tactic that won't work in real world.
Wah wah wah
Amen. These threatening tweets of absolute 0 substance need to stop! He incites with every breath and everything keystroke!
Take your own advice and stop belittling your president. That's right, Trump is your president too so show some respect. Hypocrite. #MAGA
You tell him Timmy! With all that military experience of yours I trust you more than General Mad Dog Mattis! HAHAHA sorry I crack myself up!
nK is the correct acronym when citing them.
He knows what he is doing. That's the reason he is #POTUS and your running mate isn't.
Let's hope we still have a tomorrow 
The criticism is misguided and counterproductive. Unless the nuclear capability is even handed, South Korea is at a disadvantage.
When you're an imbecilic con artist, international relations & diplomacy just aren't in your wheelhouse.
I don't think Tim Kaine is a con artist.
I think we should just be thankful President Clinton (advised by her husband, who got N Korea the space it needed to go nuclear) isn't POTUS
Tim-Obamas idle stance to NOKO is why we are on the brink! pretty sure you have NO credibilitywhen it comes to this &any area of commentary
Your an inexperienced, naive, and self serving politician. Your opinion is irrelevant and unnecessary
Do you share @SenFeinstein opinion that we should have patience with Trump? He is doing harm to our country and must be held accountable!
He doesn't know how to do anything else.
Tim,the only one belittled is http://yourself.you  speak as an uniformed idiot and instegator of trouble. What is your resolve? THINK MAN
South Korea's president came out PUBLICLY to move away from the USA. That ally did the talking & now we know their strategy failed.
Sen.Kaine-Any chance folks on other side of t/ aisle realize they & those they love r'nt immune from t/ peril this maniac places us in?
Batty Kim looking for attention, and another handout! If he does one thing to us - just one - it's go time.
Sanders 2020
you know who wont be part of the strategy team? YOU!  HA HA HA HA! I trust @realDonaldTrump will make a great decision! MAGA!

Tim-Obamas idle stance to NOKO is why we are on the brink! pretty sure you have NO credibilitywhen it comes to this &any area of commentary
He really should go visit NK.
#IMPEACH NAZI Trump
And most certainly not on twitter!
So what is your strategy Senator?  It's easy to talk and criticize.  Stop Whining!
Bill Clinton's Policies allowed it to get this far.  Will Obama's Iran Deal end the same way?
Please put a sane person in charge of the Football.
Tim-Obamas idle stance to NOKO is why we are on the brink! pretty sure you have NO credibilitywhen it comes to this &any area of commentary
