Way to forget the "antifa" thugs your son is embedded with. When you mix leftist thugs and nazi bastards, violence is bound to happen.
See how your big lie gets spun into absolute delusional fantasy? Are you proud of what you're doing to this country?
Is it true they were shot down?
it's time to thank president Trump foretelling it the way it was in Charlottesville also kudos on North Korean back down
I love you, Senator Kane. You are goodness personified.
Her son is a #Blm #Antifa member.   Arrested twice.   Great parenting!
Is it true they were shot down?
In two words: NO. Idjit
Is it true they were shot down?
Why didn't "Virginia's finest" seperate those two groups to prevent this? 

..or was a fight the #Democrat agenda?
Your son belongs to the Nazi Alt-left which kills cops. Shame on you!
#Charlottesville
Here's an idea, Timmy! Tell Ur son 2 quit the HATE group Antifa, & condemn the VIOLENT group. That is if you care
YES THEY WERE, RACING 2 GO PROTECT AMERICANS WHO WERE LEGALLY PROTESTING N NOT, EVIL N NOT, RACIST N NOT UNFAIR, TRAGIC N I BLAME BOTH SIDES
And the commander in chief is directly to blame for their deaths.
It's your responsibility as an American to openly acknowledge that..
You are absolutely huffing glue, idjit. Ladies & gentlemen: I give you the Dembecile party - ZERO grasp on reality
https://twitter.com/SkyeCreativeONe/status/896804570881556482 …
Yeah, that was absolutely unrelated, you lying sack of shizz.
Two of Virginia's finest lost their lives today protecting the Commonwealth from violence. My thoughts and prayers are with their families.
What does make Virginia beautiful actually mean? How will Corey stewart do that?
You sponsorship of Antifa caused the tragic death of those troopers. You have blood on your hands.
Hey hypocrite, when are you going to condemn Antifa's violence on innocent Americans?
City of charlottsville to blame same as the alt right and alt left gangs allowed to protest together. Mayhem is what was wanted n recieved.
How about many polices death by BLM?
@TimKaine You spawned a violent person, you #Hypocrite . #BackTheBlue And now you fully support his Facist terrorist thug gang


Leftist democrat masked and armed antifa.
You mean 3?
Is it true your son was one of these protesters? Not accusing, just asking. Read a post that he was there
You FAILED to protect americans!!!!
Kinda makes u wish CVille had left that statue alone...
You told them to fight.
ღƸӜƷღ░M░A░K░E░ღƸӜƷღ░P░E░A░C░E░ღƸӜƷღhttps://impeachdonaldtrumpnow.org/ 
YES IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!!!
Avid reader? Could you pick up a copy of COTUS? Try to understand it this time. Surely there's one. Was your son marching yesterday? #MAGA
Too bad Antifa, such as your son, were intent on creating a confrontation.
DNC is about as far from racist as you can be. It's not RNC either. But when you have a POTUS who encouraged violence at campaign rallies...
You are the problem sir
I know you got run over by a Nazi car, but Best Regards! Empathy is non-existent.
you should not have had the police stand down . your Soros funded efforts are backfiring . Only making Trump stronger
And to you hate mongers who in your tiny little alt-right brain think POTUS is dog-whistling you to do this, that's not what America is.
Each day we wake up to a new storm coming from the WH. Trump is a deeply disturbed man who never deserved to walk thru the doors of the WH
We need severe penalties for Americans who wish belong to subversive anti government organizations
Drain the WH HateSwamp Trump BannonMillerGorka MUST GO #ImpeachTrumpNow
Any members of the KKK, Neo Nazi, & militia, should be put on a terrorist watch list
Any members of these groups loose any government assistance programs, drivers license, gun ownersip, state licenses, concealed carry license
Propose a bill to make the KKK, NEO NAZI and Militia groups in America terrorist organizations. Make their membership criminal
@WWEUniverse #Charlottesville  @Oprah @kirkfranklin @BishopJakes @tylerperry @NatbyNature 
https://www.gofundme.com/47o5grk?lang=en 
Amendment 25 Article 4 What more does he have to do to get to this point? IMPEACHMENT PLEASE or something.
flying in a helicopter that crashed?
Ironic, as R.E. Lee would violently oppose these Rebel worshippers in C'ville. https://www.c-span.org/video/?412983-1/qa-james-robertson …
Tim Kane we need Trump IMPEACHED Trump is unstable 25th amendment
Comments on your sons involvement with violent acts and arrest with #Antifa? #maga
You Nazis are posting Nazis Propaganda from the premier Nazi Propaganda outlet of the last 20 years. You Nazis will not win
Brain washed fool. Antifa is just as bad as nazis. If you can't see that you are part of the problem zombie.
From cowards!
DEMAND removal of Bannon, Miller, Gorka from our White House. Take back your party. Take back your country. Inaction not an option.
http://www.agayindependent.com/blog/ok-now-i-am-back …
Condolences for loss of life of 2 officers and lady
Senator Kaine, we're sick of "thoughts and prayers." What actions will you urge your colleagues to take?
Thoughts & prayers to the Va State troopers, victims, & families. This kind of hate & violence is NOT Virginia-as the Gov said-leave.
Heros !
Amen
They lost their live responding to a situation created when the cops refused to protect the free speech of a minority political group.
Stand up tonTrump@and his cronies. Our American is too important!
Mine too.
So tragic and a waste. DT could stop this mess. So glad you & @MarkWarner represent what we really stand for in VA. 
Hold DT accountable
RIP and thank you
It's all completely dt's fault .
And it didn't even work. The violence came anyway!!
Prayers to their family
its only the start. You will be treated the way you allowed the fbi gestapo to treat hillary
Blue by two entering the streets of Heaven and embraced by Blue who went before.  May the Lord's peace be upon their loved ones. 
Praying for the 3 family's who today lost their member and thanks to the two police member for their services
All the families affected my prayers 4 a better US society 2 c children grow up in r these x's will repeat like gun violence USA 2-plagues!

don't bother ! Your prayers fall on deaf ears ! How many babies died today because of you and your kind
Remove the head Nazi, Trump
The violence that took these officers lives was caused by radical white domestic terrorists, who were courted by 45 & GOP. #25thAmendmentNow
Not agreeing with them but white supremacist were protesting peacefully until they were attacked by the liberal-left hate groups
Let it be known the death of VA Troopers died because of some vicious home born terrorists. Not BLM nor foreign terrorists. RIP.
Where is the evidence that is so convincing it has you spouting this nonsense? Or are you just being "funny?"
Asking too much from our police
Wish you were in office
This is an appropriate response from leadership. Certainly beats, "condolences" from Trump.
Whoever organized that racist "rally" should be charged with the murder of those two officers and anyone else who was killed today!
We feel the same. My heart aches as I'm sure yours does, Mr. Vice President.
GOD BLESS THEM AND THEIR FAMILYS
Turn those thoughts and prayers into actions and policies
Terrorists should be treated as such
God Bless th m. May they Rest In Peace. Prayers for their families and friends.
This is so sad my heart breaks for them
Prayers to the families of the lost

Thank you Senator Kaine.
Because of the actions of white trash......
From terrorists.
Senseless and needless deaths! Hate must be overcome!

Seems like we might have to start calling it the White supremacist's house now that the sane people were defeated by Russian interference.
So let's make certain we do something about it. This is a call to action. Trump isn't the problem. We have seen the enemy and it is us.
They died protecting the Commonwealth from radical fascist domestic terrorists, sir.
8mths of Trump/Pence and we have threats of nuclear war Russian involved in govt nepotism,clear inability to lead and now armed Nazis #NOGOP
It's the Nazis' fault.
Very sad. My sincere thoughts and prayers are with their loved ones. God bless you, Senator Kaine.
Question Tim Kaine it possible with 90% negative media coverage on Trump with Dem's contributing has shared to this hate? We need to stop it
THE ONLY THING TO KEEP THIS FROM SPREADIN IS TO MAKE MOST OF THEM HAPPY !AND THROUGH FINANCIAL WAYS !CUT TAXES AND RAISE NATIONS MINIM WAGE
Praying for their families and thanking them for their service to our great state.
Senator please do something! We are counting on you.
Your son is part of the ANTIFA violence!
Really? You people are DELUSIONAL. Do you believe your own idiocy? #MAGA
God be with them. Let's not forget these 3 patriots, and importantly their families. Plus those still in hospitals.
Wishing you ran for president.. or are running
RIP
Praying for them and the families they leave behind.
Very sad That 3 lives wasted bc of hate and a failure to stop it.,,Peace is needed

RIP
So sad the alt-left and alt-right right are bringing our country down!
you can't equivocate this...Nazi=BAD KKK=BAD
you should be our VP. We would have peace now.
Thoughts and prayers to everyone damaged by this hate and it's leader prayers for America!
My condolences to the families.  

Wish you were VP this wouldn't be going on.
Time to regulate militias,  extremists and hate groups
If those who believe in the same America stick together after missing the boat because they were at the airport,we will come back.I believe.

That's how you do it. No "Best regards" BS!
Very sad indeed.
I add mine to yours.  to their families and fellow officers.
God BLESS those, in pain today & days to come!!  EJ 
What kind of violence? C'mon, say it
He did in other tweets.
Cool, thank you for telling me
