Up for re election Tim? Running on the same old issues I hear michelle obama is pushing that woman issue too again Dems grab a new platform
He's fighting to save ppl's healthcare. Unlike the guy you voted for! He wants to take it away for taxbreaks to the rich!
Same old song and dance
Can say the same about you!
The things I say over and over is abt DWS corruption clinton corruption democrats corruption. And never accountability. Frustrating!
You repeat baseless crap! Meanwhile Kaine is doing his job he was elected to do. Fight for healthcare!
Why didn't you fight for the veterans when one of the largest scandal was under obama admin. Your son served!! How many were disabled then?
How do you know he didn't? Talking abt the military what Trump is doing is a scandal. Get some prespective!
DWS is a scandal!! That one just might get to where it needs to go!! Bust them wide open!! Heating up!  Democrats, most are hypocrites!!
Trump is using the LGBT to distract from the Russia investigation, robbing ppl of their healthcare and getting Sessions out. #Scandal
It is going to B a TOUGH BATTLE. I know that you and your Dem comrads will give it YOUR ALL. PEACE OUT!!
RA patients thank you.
Watch your rhetoric, you're going to cause another crazy Democrat to do something stupid
You could change that to Republican and tweet this to Alex Jones and actually be right for once...
Deflect much?
Taking a page out the GOP playbook today. Glad you noticed. Jones still calling for civil war?
Except the #VA
Funny how people with disabilities had plenty of care before you effed it up. #Obamacare.
Thanks, Sen. Kaine!! 
Please!!! Stay on it.
Thank you @timkaine for my friend Avi in Arlington Daniel in Alexandria my brother in Kansas & all disabled Americans #ProtectOurCare
funny, they got the care they needed before the Government got involved and added layers of bureaucracy to increase costs.The people pay all
I'm for letting it crash and burn all on Dem's. People will die and it will be on your back
One of those who will die is my son.  He's a Type 1 diabetic with intellectual disabilities. His medical costs are huge.Anyone dying matters
My 12yo is disabled. We've never had a problem getting care. Not sure what you're fighting for. Single payer like the VA? They dont get care
Many SpEd programs in schools and educators are funded through Medicaid. Adults w/ disabilities rely heavily on Medicaid. Big Medicaid cuts
I hope someone cares about human beings like my son!
Thank you!
Explain to #Republicans employed #disabled pay #federal taxes, get more jobs #ADA on fed contracts & fed govt will get more tax money
employing more #disabled on #federal contracts contractors give them insurance.
I'm disabled. Have been since 1989. My healthcare was far better BEFORE the ACA! Leave Medicaid for the disabled and senior citizens ONLY.
For those who really care, this is a very relevant article from ARC.  May explain it better...
Tim, stop it!
Thank you Tim.
Tim have the politicians allowed the drug makers and medical institutions to overcharge the insurance companies? This crap is out of control
Are the Republicans repealing the ADA Act?
People with disabilities should absolutely be taken care of in our country. Able bodied people should be responsible for their own healthcar
Weren't disabled people always covered under Medicaid?
Liar,,, you're fighting for the freeloaders!
No, he's not. He's fighting for my son - an adult w/ID.  My son is not a freeloader.
You are fighting to get re-elected after inflicting #Obamacare on us.
Thank you for fighting for ALL Virginians!
You and the Dems ignored input and passed a bad law. If you truly cared, you'd fix it! Insurance profits have exploded under O-care!!
Our country is moving backwards. Eventually this country will be like Idiocracy.
You liar , I'm a person with Disability's and you and Obama destroyed my healthcare you jerk 
You're fighting to maintain a disastrous status quo that increases premiums by 300% and penalized 6.5 million that can't afford the prices

As a person with a disability thank you
That's great I wished you also cared about the skyrocketing premiums. We need tort reform
@RareDiseases Save pre existing condition coverage No lifetime caps Protect rare disease sufferers@SenateGOP @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins
THANK YOU...i am 47 with MS...THANK YOU for caring about me 
This old nurse sure is grateful for all you and dems are doing. Words aren't enough
Excellent.  That should be even easier when the russian mafia is out of our white house.
I'm one of those people. Thank you!
Thank you 
You mean like those perfectly well & capable people, with the handicap placards?  Problem is, society is not always honest or fair.
Fight on, Senator.  I cannot believe the madness of the Republicans.  America needs you.  Thank you for fighting for us.
Help @timkaine by getting Dems elected in VA!  Join your @Sister_District and get involved.
We have the Disability Act Passed back in the 90's by Bill Clinton I believe that was about 27 years ago
what happened to fighting for all the peoples needs not just a few
And for that, we thank you Senator.
Because every single month is a struggle to stretch every dollar I've earned in s.s. to make rent, groceries, and maybe, if lucky enjoyment
Keep it up! We need you to
As someone on disability, we need a system that doesn't make being disabled a punishment. I shouldn't live in luxury, but neither in fear
Make it for people with real disabilities and not just plain laziness!
A bill in congress shouldn't make us cry. The division in congress is dividing our hearts and our people. Tell @GOP this includes women...
@SenSchumer I implore you to find a way.
Thank you for fighting for people with disabilities.
Yes! Must do. Can't wait to see you again
Thank you, Senator Kaine. We are fired up and ready to go!
Thank you. #AdamsSister
I have celiac disease. Thank you.
Save it for Cole! He is 14, autistic & non verbals. He uses a device to communicate. #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA
I hope so
@timkaine you're a hero to the Democratic Party and I wish you and Hillary were in charge!!!
Thank you!
You lost I'm so so sorry!
Cram it
Save it for my autistic sons! My youngest needs a device to communicate #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA
Thank you! Please keep the pressure on!
Thank you
