@rachelzhaopow
very nice! Cheers !
love you and your wife so much! She is such a joy to watch when she talks and during the campaigns!
the best to you both. You should be VP and Hillary P. I still can not call Donnie President.
awwwwwwww!! 
happy Valentines Day
From Venezuela I wish for you and your wife a great ValentinesDay!!
fantastic, now how are you going to stop a bill that let's the mentally ill have access to firearms
And you both are an example of open marriage, partner sharing, cuckolding.
GOOD AFTERNOON Mr SENATOR .
this is the first post from you sir that I didn't mind reading! Post more like this one plz
beautiful couple 
nice! But tomorrow, please demand investigation to Flynn and Russian connections!
Happy Valentines Day to you both!
to Will 10 lap
0
@0az 40ap
, @0)
To 
], @]get 
the @
congratulations, but do not post jacket free, snow free pix on Valentine's Day. Sincerely, a Maine democrat
You sure would have been a wonderful Mr and Mrs Vice President.
liar
She's a lucky lady, Tim!
get a room, lovebirds! LOL 
she is good looking just like you
beautiful.

2/2 @timkaine @pamf60 life would be unbearable without her. Bless you and you wife and thank you for your service.
1/2 @timkaine @pamf60 both my wife and I are 55 years old.  We've known each other for 52 years. We've been married for 34 years.
You are much too nice a guy to get ratings on CNN.
Happy Valentine's
she campaigned her heart out for your ticket.The American voters should've voted decency and competence.I DID.Proud of my vote
That's sooo nice. Please help us!
God Bless You Senator Kaine.
You two are so sweet.
what a great First Lady she would be:)
Awh! Sweet! "Happy Valentine's Day"! To: Tim and his wife! 
oh my goodness, this looks like a cheesy real estate ad. #livingyourbestdadlife
I heart this so much, @timkaine @dumptrump33
Awwwwwllll Senator so sweet. Happy Valentine's to u both
you are blessed.
lucky man!
God bless you.
Great to see this picture! I wish Trump would've been able to say such nice words about his wife. Instead he has locked her up
I wish you were the Vice President.
You voted for every one of Trumps cabinet nominees, as unfit as they are.  WTF? #resistance
Nice house Senator, are there any refugees living in your white privilege neighborhood?
Thanks for sharing this beautiful message.
you would have been one of the best VP's.
sweetest thing ever
Congratson 32 wonderful years working side by side as it should be.
GOD LOVE HER AND YOU TIM - TAKE A VACAY - DREAM A LITTLE
So sweet!!!!
Happy V Day to you both and plz investigate Trump and Flynn fully. Hopefully impeachment is forthcoming
congratulations
Why'd she marry such a pantywaist?
Lovely. Thank you for sharing this with us. In all the turmoil, the reminder of "partnership" and "solidarity" is encouraging TY
Happy Anniversary
u should have been VP :(
Happy Valentine's Day you guys!
aww how sweet
#happyvalentinesday senator
my actual new vice president
Yes agreed
this is my VALENTINE
Jesus can there be one post without your shit!?
