If we weren't 20T in debt (thanks to Obama) & illegals weren't gaming the system then we wldn't have to cut Medicaid. Tell them 2 get a job.
your using kids to lie to the people this is the only way democrats have to get attention.We all know the truth.Your pathetic using kids
.@timkaine I that you're talking to moms & Drs to #SaveMedicaid but plz include Disabled ADULTS too.
-constituent w/muscular dystrophy
Why should parents of kids need charity for health care treatment. Everyone deserves health care.
It's not being cut dummy.
My parents generation went with out it. State funded health insurance came about the same time as t.v. dinners and food stamps. 1970's how
is it we all made it?
Many did not.
I am sorry you just do not get other people should not have to work to pay for people they did not give birth to or marry. It is up to them.
Why not? We all benefit from a healthier, more secure society.
O.k. I am short a couple thousand on my kid's tuition, give it to me ?
Actually, I have no kids but paid to send yours to school and college too that gets fed funds.
I pay my son's college ignorant.
No ones proposing to remove Medicaid from the disabled, rather from the lazy blood suckers that could go get a job! Read the bill Senator!!!
where exactly in the bill does it single out "lazy blood suckers"
Able bodied people without dependents bye bye
I don't consider someone making $28k a year a "lazy blood sucker". We pay people unrealistic wages and expect them to be able to survive.
I agree.
Get rid of the statues that protect pricing in the health services!!!!
Obama care has nothing to do with medical costs. Stop funding big insurance companies with tax payer dollars! Fix the real issue!
A. Medicaid isn't being cut. The rate of increase is less. B No one is taking Medicaid from poor woman with dependents. Able bodied bye!!
Medicaid our lifeline!! Disabled mom with severely handicapped son! Medicaid=homecare! Loosing it will destroy our lives!
I can't believe that you even open your mouth after the disgrace you were during the campaign
WE MUST DO ALL WE CAN TO PRESERVE MEDICAID ;IT WAS CREATED IN PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATION FOR A PURPOSE; DO WE CLAIM NOW THERE IS NO PURPOSE!
How about do away with big insurance companies and fix the problem with health care costs. Insurance companies are the ones causing the issu
Trumpcare is NOT in affect!! Horrible insurance is Ocare!! You r lying about the moms & kids. Shame on you for using them as a prop!
Obama care isnt health care it is insurance that pays big business. Make doctors show costs and be competitive. Make health Care affordable!
And its not being cut. Be truthful. It just isnt getting a huge increase. No cuts. Government wasnt meant for hand outs all the time!
Va never had the medicad expansion the #ACA is too expensive repeal it if over 21 w/o children you don't qualify for medicad that a fact
Her "lifeline" won't be cut and you should GET REAL! Cut is for the able bodies who took advantage of Obama & Pelosi on welfare & no work
Stay tuned please - have an in-depth look at one family struggling with this coming out soon.
8 years .@GOP Congress has been wailing about ACA replacement! Repeal w/o replacement is dereliction. #TrumpCare is #TaxCuts4Rich. Fix ACA!
@SenTedCruz  ACA expanded the already existing medi-medi programs. It forced others who had private insurance to pay for that expansionACA
You're such a fraud- a reduction in increase isn't a "cut"- stop spreading the progressive fear propaganda you hypocrite
#dosomerealwork #obstructionist #politicalhack
Dems can't let any bill pass which cuts Medicaid or its expansion.  Thx for mtg with those at risk.  Essential benefits can't go either.
At what point do we decide the machines and pain the child goes through are just not worth it?
I am convinced Republicans have no soul
You need to read the bill & stop preaching nonsense. The reduction is only the bloodsuckers who don't need it.
I like long walks. Especially when they are taken by ppl who annoy me.
I am the mother of a medically fragile 27 year old and this is absolutely true.  Thank you for hearing and sharing our plight.
Keep fighting Sen Kaine!!!
@SenateDems  @HouseDemocrats @GOP @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee @RandPaul Keep stealing from Peter to pay Paul = ACA.
Did any of you read ACA bill
My mother inlaw has cancer and ObamaCare F******* her over totally. Obama Bin ISIS lied out his ass! Repeal, Not replace!
Why don't other senators get this?  Are they that blind to average people?
Republicans voting against aca don't care about you or your family they have money to pay for health care "and u don't"
Please give it your all. Children need Medicaid to survive.
I am one of those mothers and we wouldn't be able to care for our daughter without Medicaid. Please help stop #Trumpcare

Please analyze medical costs and companies profiting big on healthcare .. whole system is broken
Such a drama queen. Slowing the growth of it & getting healthy people off of it isn't taking it away. Gov't help became a lifestyle
What will be the consequences for GOP lawmakers if it becomes law & people die as a direct result? That must be explored & soon.
Keep fighting for us. Medicaid is huge in helping my granddaughters medical needs. Her regular insurance does not cover many essential needs
That is correct.
Worry about your OWN kids Tim. You're raising literal terrorists!
Yeaaaaa-keep at it Tim
Kinda like the way Obamacare doubled my premiums a month way to go Timmy
told you what?  Obamacare imploding,? Stop this BS pitting 1 American after another.She has Medicaid for her children

So fix it. Where are your great, creative, innovative ideas? Don't leave ppl hanging. Congress not even been able to fix VA. Specifics plz
Too Late King Don Said so!
As father of kid w/ complex medical conditions and life limiting disabilities, YES!
Your propensity for lying is why you aren't VP.
Medicaid isn't being cut. Obama's huge unsustainable expansion has just been slowed down.
Stop lying to desperate people. It's despicable!
what are they lying about? Please enlighten us.
Thank you, Senator Kaine
Why are so many people on Medicaid?  Was Obama's economy really that anemic?
It was expanded intentionally. Maybe you've heard of Obamacare?
Yes, but still, way too many people on it.  We need better jobs so ppl won't need to use govt services at such a high rate.
It's not going to be cut it's not going to be cut will still be there for them to use
Republicans are proposing cuts but a reduction in the rate of growth. 75,000,000 people on Medicaid can not be sustained.
Meet my Anabel, then and now. Thanks, Medicaid!
Thank you, Tim!!!  Please keep them coming!
I agree with you on that. Senator Kaine I sure wish or Senator Cory Gardner would do the same as he might learn something.
Listen to them.
Then stop acting like a child whinning and go pass laws that protect the vulnerable
#TrumpCare vote may be coming soon. No time to let up the gas. Keep at the town halls. Make those calls....I'm so proud of our #Resistance.
I work with kids who have serious medical needs and Medicaid does so much for them. Its important that it is not cut.
Why isn't she on Obamacare instead of medicaid?
To deny Americans of healthcare, as the GOP has tried to do, is criminal. I would've died by now without the ACAand thank Obama daily!
Don't thank BO. Thank taxpayers who were forced to pay for the expansion of the medi-medi programs at cost of losing their own insurance.
BTW,the cost of ACA is a republican idea. Obama wanted free healthcare for all Americans. Check the facts so you don't appear to be stupid
Senator Kaine,  Please extend care to all americans without costly and unwieldy means testing!  #SinglePayer now!
You mean the VA?  That has worked well.
Did u tell them Medicaid is not being cut or did u  about it?
#MedicareForAll 
'nuff said ..
