start promoting the special elections so we can flip some seats blue! Follow @swingleft @flippable_org @DKElections
look at the margins. There has been a huge shift in very red districts.
You have to know that even if *45 doesn't pull us out there's not going to be anything like "leadership" coming from him.
No we need great leaders who strive for success in our country first. We were losing $ for a fraction of a degree every 100 years?
America needs @realDonaldTrump leadership to combat the dangers posed by DemocRATs. 
#MAGA
So important for the future of our planet to stay committed to the Paris Agreement, @realDonaldTrump. Climate change is real.
Unfortunately Trump is under orders of @Koch_Industries  and Putin.
And you spoon fed MSN fake news, try reading MAGA
Is MAGA some book no one knows about but you?
If a Trumpster is touting anything I'm not the least bit interested
If Trump is impeached would they release him to the public for a few hours? Wouldn't we like an opportunity to send him on his way?
Yes! 
I know, Trump and another stupid, tragic move!
Can we bypass Trump & send a better rep for this country? He has made us look like jackasses!
They need our money. Merkle says that EU has to go it alone.We should pull out our troops all over EU.See how they do.USA is the big dog!!!!
You lost. Go away
We must come to the realization that we are at war with stupid and bigoted people and they are presently winning the war.
That said, Dems need to organize better and win over even more voters to take this country back. Current situation is unacceptable.
Register more
Trump MUST stand w the #ParisAgreement

-WH cabinet advisors who'll help him decide this week. Contacts & scripts⇒https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gU8gJYPZET9Tu4w9-WVaupBJE-VM4U42ptvNYbgDa6A/copy?usp=sharing …
HANDY LIST OF GOP TRAITORS
ThnkU! Doc has WH advisors list who r 4 #ParisAgreement - In 2009 Trump actually supported↓Slim chance bt worth⇒
2009. Signed: Donald J. Trump, Donald J. Trump Jr., Eric F. Trump, Ivanka M. Trump.

Just a reminder that business supports #ParisAgreement. 
That's cool. How about we start by leading them with fiscal responsibility AND NOT PAY FOR IT. Keep your hand out my pocket mouthpiece.
Please explain EXACTLY what those dangers are. You know...since you're so educated on the subject.
Of course u do. Others r always more important than those of us in the US. Any concern for those who might lose their job?
And when we see more cities and states pick up the federal slack drump will further alienate more and more people and nation's.
Actually, it represents a complete failure on the part of Congress to address issues via legislation & not deference to executive authority
We just elected #Leader to get #WeThePeople out of this #BagOfSh** #Democrats have got us in. #RealClimateChange coming #Revelation 8:7-12
Not to mention keeping up with global economy and huge job growth in this sector!!!
Apple falls not far from the tree: 
Kaine’s Son Faces Criminal Charges After Joining Masked, Violent Anti-Trump Riot
A new American hero. RESIST by any means at hand.
Then I guess we better impeach Mr. Orange Man-child then...
Impeach Trump, yes, & get all his greedy, racist lackeys out too. Most Republicans should be on trial for allowing Trump to take office!
You claim to be a nice person then you attack every person with name calling an gossip no proof.I'm anti-PC so I say how I feel.No gossip!
"This has nothing 2 do w/ environmental protection. Its an economy summit to distribute the world's resources" - Edenhofer IPCC
I'm guessing a lot of our money too
Hillary lost. Yeeeehaw!!
I am afraid American leadership is not  respected anymore...
"America's leadership" is eroding while you who are charged with safeguarding against unfit POTUS move as if suspended in molasses. #Impeach
The US has long abdicated on international #ClimateAction. Maybe the world can solve this better without our interference. #ParisWithoutUS
@realDonaldTrump desperate to change Russian topic of corruption. DTs more than willing to use #climatechange as a hostage,dangerous to USA
Get him out!!!
Truly the only climate change has been political in nature, and the only ones mentally affected are progressives.
Not a team player, not a Leader.  Taking America down with him. #ParisAgreement
We should #EducateNotRegulate so consumers become responsible for personal choices which impact our climate.  #GoVegan!
And you need to start spelling out the "how's" specifically. Fifty years goes by pretty quick.
I'm appalled at ignorance or selfishness of some of these replies. Many are from my generation 50-60yr old. I've read the science. It's real
Thank you for standing up to @POTUS. Please get rest of congress to fight for this. It'll take all countries, especially US #climatechange
Sir, please continue your support of the Paris Agreement...please help to stop trump, a true threat to the future of the world's climate
Did you bail your son out of jail for his violence?
Your boss Mr Wall Street losses sorry
You are so Right! Thank you for your service
No the world just wants to fleece the US for more cash . China and the 3rd world countries just keep polluting while the US pays .
IMPEACH Donald Trump and tell the world nobody really listens to that traitor anymore
What dangers.? The amount of money that crooked organizations won't get?
Thank you, @realDonaldTrump for getting us out of #ParisAgreement. Maybe next time, the Democrats won't bypass Congress...
subject matter above his head! Plus, he lacks the energy to go #lowenergytrump he is tired from trip... What a loser
FOR ONE MORE TIME @realDonaldTrump stepping back from the edge of Leadership by ignoring 90% of Scientists #ClimateChangeIsReal #TaxReturns
Dangers posed by ... hey, what have you been drinking, Kiddo?
You need to fix issues in your own home.
If change is real we do something, save mankind

not real, do nothing or something, neutral

IF REAL DO NOTHING WE'RE SCREWED 

Debate over
Terrible agreement. Climate change is the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people.  American first. Trash the agreement.
Not when it is the WORLD causing it.   Seems to me China should take the lead.
Read the Bible and you will discover the truth about climate change.
Maybe its time America takes a back seat & embrace our future as a 3rd World Country thanks to @GOP & their Religious agenda to destroy us.?
Right. Keep fighting for this. Too important for our children.
LEADERSHIP, well that excludes our current President.
Hey, how's ur son doing? Heard he may be on his way to doing some time.
America doesn't have a leader. It has a drooling playground bully who is so ignorant can't be nice for a day.
Y'all still listen to this CuckBoy?  He is a lemming. For his masters.
What's missing in America is true leadership. Thanks to those who voted for our #LiarInChief
How long must we endure 45??
We need to maintain our technical assistance abilities. "Clean" coal is still dirty coal w/exhaust scrubbed for NOx & SOx.
Wasn't half the world supposed to be flooded by now?  Why are more polar bears alive today?  Liberal BS.
you mean the dangers posed by Obama don't you?
Maybe ratify in the Senate?
Agree. However @realDonaldTrump will pullnus out because Putin ordered him to. Trump doesn't care about America.
Unfortunately America cannot lead the world until we get rid of trump & company.
They do need our leadership....because we have a great leader.  And they need to pay the fair share.
It's time to be united here in USA
I agree but we need to kick out #Trump & his family
WHO authorized @jaredkushner to SEEK BACK channel communications with the Kremlin?? WAS IT @realDonaldTrump??
Agreed. Get these clowns out of our House before they destroy everything good
Ignore the massive ignorance about #climatechange on the part of U.S. conservatives. Dems & honest GOP must KEEP us in the #ParisAgreement
Actualy, we can't ignore it. We must educate. But FIRST we must honor #ParisAgreement and help our planet, and life itself.
@realDonaldTrump is going to get out because @BarackObama got us in WATCH everything Obama did reversed it with an EO Remember this tweet
B.S.
Timmy, don't be stupid
.It is just another Obama screwed up deal that puts America at a disadvantage. Send Woody to riot when he gets you Can you put the fix in?
Hey Timmy you committed to your criminal son?
Every tweet U send confirms yr shaky grasp of complex issues. If Paris is such a great deal for US,  why didn't Obama sent it to Congress?
Leadership???
Stay committed to #ImpeachTrump
This from the guy who can't control his Antifa kids.
The #ParisAgreement is dead. DT's just waiting for a particularly bad scandal day, then he'll use pulling out as a distraction. #2018
Please Global Boy , you and Hillary the losers go away !!!!
Are you the guy who blew the debate with our VP complete jerk . Oh yes.  That's u
We need a better economy. Paris agreement hurts us
No. It will destroy our economy by putting the US at a massive disadvantage.  But clearly liberals don't care about the average person.
Just have your son go and start a riot again... I'm sure he's available lol. Ok no but you should condemn that, not hide it.
the world does not need today's American leadership. And they are holding no punches saying it.
Didn't your Idol Gore predict NYC would be underwater by 2015?  Everyone with a brain knows it's BS.
Remember NYC was underwater!!
Guess that was before my lifetime 1955
You are prepared to kill others younger than you to pretend drilling, fracking, coal, etc. is safe and clean? Go huff pollution in China rn
yea so we can foot the bill THAAA !!!
Well, since there are no dangers posed by #climatechange (except leftist overthrow of the Constitution), then, yeah, leave.
Thank you Senator.  Agreed.  What is the Democratic Party doing now to ensure America's leadership re climate change?
Climate always changes!
Odds are more likely you're killed by a "refugee" but sure climate change is bad too
I wonder what he's using pills heroin cocaine I call it like I see it I'm an ex drug addict I know the signs you better wake up
America's leadership?  That is so damn funny!  20 trillion in debt.  America's leaders can't fix their own shit, let alone the world! JOKE?
When are the thing Tim and I'm only saying this cuz I've been there you can see it in his eyes your son's on dope
Senator, with Trump, America's leadership in the world is a matter of the past.
Blaming a single party or person for America's shit is not only dangerous, but also ignorant, stupid and naive
The world benefits from US leadership, but it does not require it. People will go on living and making and progressing with or without us.
The world may need America's leadership, but it does not need @realDonaldTrump leadership. Once he's gone, we can step back up to the plate.
Blaming a single party or person for America's shit is not only dangerous, but also ignorant, stupid and naive
We can't even stay committed to NATO. Kind of makes PA seem like a long shot.
Then let congress vote on entering the agreement. It was unconstitutional for the executive branch to agree to those terms w/o congress
He is the only one that controls the weather dumbass don't you think you need to be worried about your son that dumbass
Keeping the fraud alive...
Tired of being Taxed, and job lost because of the hoax of #ClimateChangeMoonshotMission
Help!!!!!!!!!!!
Stop with this nonsense. There is no global warming. The earth is billions of years old, she be fine. More liberal money grab.
Have you been to China, and seen their air pollution? India?We in CA are getting taxed to death, with clean air through our gas tax. ENOUGH!
Enough spoonfed pap.  What are the Dems DOING to maintain our commitment?
Too bad @POTUS is a big baby and doesn't care about what is best for America.
Think we need to rethink it
I'd worry more about the domestic terrorist you call a son http://www.cbsnews.com/news/tim-kaine-son-linwood-michael-kaine-arrested-at-trump-rally-in-minnesota …
Tell that to @SenTedCruz
Who is paying you to say this crap?
