Thank You, Tim!... Obama & The Democrats Were So GOOD For America...Trump & The GOP Are SO BAD -They Are REAL-FAKE NEWS!
LOOK WACKO! Next Time You Have Something To Say -DON'T BE STOOPID!!... The Democrats SAVED YOU -BE GRATEFUL!!
Wow!! A Classic, No-Class Reponses - It Is Easy To See You Know NOTHING About Politics. .. A WACKO DOPE!!
You Right-Wing WACKOS Are Just Plain Weird!!!... You Don't Know Anything About Politics...You Just Talk B.S!!
@joshtpm Senator, the president is a staunch defender of Israel and your tweet is offensive. Be a better man than your son.
What does supporting a foreign state have to do with American antisemitism?
Jewish is a religion. Israel is a country. Try not to confuse them like most of usa. Thnx
my mistake... the pres is both a strong supporter of #israel AND the Jewish faith & ppl
sure he is. That's why he picked Bannon right?
u probly consider urself pro-women but assume u voted for HRC who defended rapist & locked vics
I'd love to get back to how Trump knowingly used antisemitism to win the election.
example please?
Thank You, Tim!!... Everything About Right-Wing WACKOS Is Rude, Contemptuous & Mean-Spirited -They R The Real Fake-News!
.@timkaine #TrumpPutin bring out the worst in people but what to expect from a proud pimp and KKK descendant  #TheResistance #RussiaGate
.@timkaine More proof of you're an idiot, unable to read, Comrade 0789  #TheResistance
Excellent point, sir. I am proud to call you my Senator.
Well. They can't even spell #WhiteHouse ... so there's that. (See the bottom of the screen grab)
C'mon! This White House didn't start this! There have been a working infrastructure of misinformation for decades.
They have opened the door to all kinds of hate. Breitbart and friends fan the flames.
@sherrilee7 #PermissionGranted @realDonaldTrump #OnYou
Trump's silence on these attacks is shameful.
There is no such "Animal". President Trump and his "cronies" invented "FakeNews". A phrase used by the POTUS and his people to
I wish my senators would speak out on this issue. This is a real danger to democracy. Why can't the GOP put our country first?
is there any hope that Trump and his admin will be impeached or charged with TREASON? You and Hillary won...
We are in a dark time. @potus & his minions did not create these bigots & racists, but they have given them voice. #Trump
agree. It's brought the ugliness to the surface and exposed. Let's pray the darkness dies in the light!
Funny - how most reporters at major newspapers are liberals & are the reason we have FAKE NEWS senator. You & the Dems own this
All of these problems can be attributed directly to Trump. He is racist & is supported by racists. Then he claims news is fake.LIE
what?? where did that come from Timmy?? Is that one or two or more hits on a fine Single malt?? UR still PO'd U lost the election
Sick comment
@MarkWarner Pls oppose REINS and SCRUB Act.  #republicancheapshots  #standindivisible
it's a circus with DT ~ just horrible.
you're simply an ignorant fool-
Absolutely!
@hippiemama2002 @JTAnews right on!!!
thank you !   I stopped my last Tuesday to tell you thank you !  Hope the guys gave you the message:)
Now you are blaming everything on the White House?
fake like your parenting skills
This is how we keep America divided
they need to make a trip to Germany, to the camps, museums. Ingnoramuses.
when lefty SJWs label all straight, employed, white men as bigots, racists, homophobic, xenophobic, misogynists...  same thing!
what a bizarre time we live in
Lies and fake stories are the product of the Demonicrats. Own it! Be proud of your despicable actions. History is full of DEM evil
Speaking of Jews it was you who voted to fund Iran with nukes to annulate Israel. You who boycotted Netanyahu speech.
100 percent correct. Facts are not fluid & we must demand truth from (alleged) leaders.

clean up your own house
Fake history? My 93 year old mom, AKA political prisoner #36-14, has badge and cigarette burn that prove otherwise
You are a hack! I've seen this crap for years & millions say this in the Middle East. Has nothing 2 do with the WH. It did happen
What kind of people do this? Incomprehensible!
sorta like you?
Goes further than that. Creditability lost. Crying wolf so many times what is said  from W.H.  is unbelievable.
yeah - there was never any holocaust deniers before Trump took office.  You are so pathetic.
Out of control. It must be stopped. Can it? Media crooks like Hannity must be the first to go. Bring back Walter Cronkite...types.
I don't like that Don the Con and his thugs are running the country. I shall describe them as the Fake President et Al.
well Trump did insinuate that the recent anti-Semitic attacks were inside jobs...
probably just another lib doing this.
Obviously someone else who does not read nor have a clue for history. Or maybe one who just hates other people.
Trump's verbal assaults embolden and legitimize all the hate monger #UnfitToLead #ImpeachTrump
how many right wing Nazi type groups have been charged for this type of graffiti? Been left wing nuts caught. Right?
Permission to behave badly!
this is so sad. We can't just erase things we disagree with. 
Jews have been hated for 1000s of years. Can't blame that doof on Trump. His grand kids are Jewish.
door
So That's Why Your Son is Beating up Trump Supprorters??
Yes, they do. And we need to call them on their BS, Tim.
sad that the White House is being stained by wild claims, deception, misinformation... Congress needs to act!
you are correct Senator
don't they know we have pictures
Obama coined the phrase 'Fake News'.
I am so over people.
they need to set a better example but that doesn't seem to be a concern. Interesting to see how history will judge this period.
. We have a loser here.
they are despicable
Thank You Tim for speaking out
It's all the same people.  Labelling the same innocents.
Good Grief, Man. This fakery did not begin with Trump. The Muslims have denied it always. Quit your #fakehistory #fakeblaming
intimidate specific targets. It won't work anymore for that very reason. But for other reasons your news about this should be told
hope they had a security camera
@LindseyGrahamSC @RepAdamSchiff @RepWalterJones  @RepSanfordSC @RepSwalwell @SenJohnMcCain WikiLeaks servers are located in Russia
@joshtpm @JTAnews They need to be fined every time they do it
thank you for posting this. Remember, when they came for the last man there was nobody to object. Nice job, Tim
who in DC is going to hold this administration accountable for the LIES?? They aren't going to stop if there are no consequences
and the GOP kept asking about her emails???
oh jeez. What a nightmare this has become. #neverforget
Sen. Kaine, you are correct. There is a direct line from the WH "fake news" drumbeat to this kind of attack.
djt is the rotten playground bully who should spend more time in time out and intensive psychotherapy
"Ignorance is strength" #Orwell
@JJohnson2u @JTAnews everything they say is false news
So when Trump says something, call it fake news. Get with it, Democrats.
@Ladybug014 @JTAnews simply cuz #Trump is #Reckless #Childish #Paranoid #Sociopath
Shame on you Tim, that is pretty low. Comparing your political opponents to hateful bigots. Try to keep it civil please.
don't see any connection between anti-semitism and @POTUS fight w the media?
#DonTheCon  Telling lies is okay if the President of the USA is doing it.... Constantly....
it's only ok if the left does it
1/2Well, these have been misinformed and uneducated & that is part of our educational system today.
2/2 daughter of an expat when I came to the US as a 12 year old to meet my dads family I was asked if we lived on trees
2/3 Never mind that I spoke two languages fluently and by 9th grade I dabbled in 3 languages.
3/3 The lack of understanding the Holocaust is lack of our country investing in education.
and that isn't leadership. This can't be under stated: where are we as a Country when a president has no leadership skills?
thank you Senator. I appreciate that you brought this up.
@joshtpm @JTAnews
Small potatoes.
Jared Kushner acting as Secretary of State, in violation of separation of powers, matters.
They minimize truth in any media
Ugh, hard to click "like" on this one because it's more like "sadly I agree."
exactly. To attack to press is to attack the ideologies of this great nation.
R u serious  #TimKaine Blaming Holocaust nonbelievers on WH. 20 years ago someone told me the Holocaust was fake.
Sorry but 80% of @CNN n other MSM outlets r full of BS The only truthful news is @FoxNews Your darling HC is full of BS 2

I couldn't stop laughing at the one!   Seriously step outside ur bubble of State run news
When the WH is more hostile toward Nordstrom than racists,it's an open invitation.
You didn't actually just go there with this to promote such an atrocity as a comparison?? You are shameful! This is why you lost!
Just what Prez Brannon wants.
Senator Kaine-That is sadly too true. It opens the door for revisionists to rewrite what has already been proven many times over.
this type of denial of historical facts is much longer standing than anything said from the White House.
History has been faked, changed since the beginning of recorded history
So what you're saying is you're a Holocaust denier.
so all the soldiers that came back and told the tales of freeing the camps were lying as well?
Reply to @timkaine Remember when your party said that the allegations of cheating were fake news? DNC making me look like  a saint.
just like you & your lies about sol test kickbacks from Pearson!
@realDonaldTrump ain't no coincedence btw rise of acts like this ur inauguration. u r responsible.
Tim, I like ya but dude, grow a spine...and get some balls. Wimpy.
there are lies, damn lies and statistics. You are beyond all.
But he doesn't support antisemitism... which is also apparently fake news.
How does he know what? That there was a Holocaust?
Kind of misleading to call them facts.
thank you for speaking out. 
this from lying Tim & laying off vdot! Closing rest areas, oh & forgetting about Appomattox after the f3 tornado! Lying Timmy!
Several responding to this tweet are already deflecting from the subject. Typical.
Scary and what are the kids learning?
That's absolutely the problem with the Trump whitehouse
let's wait and see when this one is deemed a hoax, as so many others have been. Continue on with your Russian narrative, senator.
English?
Do you support Democrat supporter Snoop Dogs Vid killing the sitting President ..........let US know @KellyannePolls @smerconish
I'm fine with it. You people hung Obama mannequins from trees. What's good for the goose...
exactly. People forget all that. They lynched obama dolls. Conscience now?
Hillary Clinton for president in 2020
you should stop connecting trump to nazis all of the time
your first tweet is a response?are you a robot?
This is on the POTUS and his redirect.
you are so  embarrassing...
#MAGA
no. What's really embarrassing is you have no life and attack people on the internet.
Well yea. To them that's a feature not a bug.
You realize that IS the essence of their project, to undermine notions of "history" and "truth," right?
When can you trust a lier. NEVER.
its truly a pyramid where you build the base with fake new, fake CBO, fake climate change, you can "build" on this & say anything
Keep speaking out aggressively. Force others to do the same. The people are demanding it. Thank you.
These things make me angry and sad. Glad you are my Senator!
you opened the door for your son to attack innocent American citizens!
is your son Woody still in jail?
Boo, hiss
right ask the police officer he attacked!
