No Tim Kaine, the likes of you and MSM are emboldening Antifa to do this.But you don't care.
It's like when leftists Samantha Bea (however u spell it) called that kid a Nazi skinhead that happened to be a leukemia patient.
I watched the Laguna Beach vigil-rally today, there were different races in attendance and speakers and they were called Nazis.
The left calls black conservatives Nazis too. Jews as well. Even the cops they call Nazis.
MSM has really push that narrative. It's becoming more dangerous for people out there.
They need the turmoil. Look at Vietnam and the amount of #FakeNews then.
Just look back in history & see the Democratic Socialist Party is the problem, they invented the KKK & have supported them ever since.
It's 2017 not 1865 & in 2017 the KKK fully supports trump & the republican party.
More fake news, not the facts. President Trump has made it very clear he deplores the racist violence that your party propagates & pays for
You are a liar!!! What has President Trump done to embolden them?
Pay attention. They thanked trump on their website for not calling them out during is speech on Saturday.
Clinton gave $800,000 from her campaign fund to fund all of these rent-a-thugs. It's all a left-wing movement, and it's all organized

He talks out of both sides of his mouth. His claim that their were "very fine people" marching w/h the KKK is ludicrous.
like your son?
Protect Williamsburg, Virginia from being torn down because someone thinks it glorifies slavery.
BS KAINE.. YOU ARE FULL OF BS.
I shall never fight in the armed forces with a negro by my side
Perhaps U R unaware, Hillary''s mentor is Robert Boyd.  High ranking member of KKK.  Clean your own house Senator. U don't know what U say
Pretty weak ass statement Timmy.
What about the Nazis called Antifa paid agitators to destroy the United States? No mention of them from you, crooked senator?
You're the one emboldening black racists simply for their vote.  You pathetically take advantage of functional illiterates.
Or a father that brings them into the world
What about you and your son! Antifa is violence, hatred and stupidity.  Mention that also. You are the same.
Our President doesn't embolden them, never has never will. However, you guys told the police to stand down. You don't play on America's team
Please explain why being anti fascist is a bad thing.
They aren't anti-fascist. They are the fascists. Why else would they cover their faces
Being anti-fascist is the default mode for decent folk. That's what antifa is. Decent folk opposing Nazis.
Who are the Nazis, anybody who voted for Trump?
Why do U insist on saying the Pres emboldens?  He is on record, going back 17 yrs, denouncing supremacists.  Your lies hurt our country!
Why don't you stop hating and come out of the closet already
You embolden Antifa. Why aren't you condemning them?
This includes your son?
Senator Tim Kaine's son is Antifa. Arrested for rioting..... Hopefully prayers for Virginia's peace are happening inside his home.
Get over it Kaine - - the election was over months ago. You lost fair and square. STOP being a sour loser and support the President.
Tiny Tim This Is 4U
redress of grievances. People have freedom of speech, no matter if you don't like the speech.
abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or
Time to take down the statues of sexual abuser & rapist Bill Clinton, as it emboldens that vile & deviant behavior & is unfair to ALL women!
Stop lying!  He said, "We condemn in the strongest possible terms, this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides.
, I saw an ad on Facebook for jobs to take Trump down.. I was unable to share it. Shadow government? Shame on you.
Fake!!!
Oh stick it in your ear Timmy! BTW, the anti-left are sched'd to show up in Lynchburg Fri, 6pm 2 take down a Confederate statue. U be here??
He condemned them, will you condemn your son and antifa?
*high five*
OR EVIL & corrupt politicians pushing the hatred agenda, right Mr. Kaine?? Trump has NOTHING to do with what happened in Charlottesville!
Thank you for your voice of reason
Your son is a white supremacist, why don't you work on straightening him out
Well said, Senator Kaine.
You don't represent us. You are as bad as the media. Out president after getting all the information made a statement. Stop. You are evil.
Yeah, Kaine supports 'right to work' instead of unions to ensure minorities are paid less. Right to work' is racist.
Bill Clinton's Economy It's The Economy Stupid Barack Obama's HEALTHCARE! Tell Them Dems Give Progress & Prosperity For All. Dems Policies!
Without russia,bernie,& Silly Dems, You Would've Been Vice President But We Will Win The Next Battle. Tell Us Why Dems Are Better Like...
Is Sedition now allowed in USA? Is it not a crime?
Please explain to us what it takes for him to be impeached?  Many of us really do NOT understand how this is even allowed to go on. Help us!
Obama is not in office now !!!!
Senator your opponent takes photos with them you should use it in an add to let voters know his position on white supremacist
#NoTrumpRallies
#CancelBoston
#CancelPhoenix
Does that include your son being arrested for rioting with #Antifa ?
So are you still a supporter of Antifa?  A known anarchist group?

Are you trying to say @POTUS acted "stupidly?" Would you appreciate a "beer summit?" #LiberalFalseFacts at large.
Virginia won't let anyone take us backwards - whether it's white supremacists or a President who emboldens them
Trump condemned hate & violence from all groups. & Charlottesville police & NBC say both sides came to fight
You and your like
Go back to Kansas. Real Virginians are done with you. And take your antifa son with you.
Can you& @HillaryClinton be in office within the month? It should be a national offense for the President not to fully represent the ppl
How about Obama the community organizer of Hatred who is still working to destroy America.Tim were you Threatened by Soros
because he gaveU
wasn't VA late to join the Conf? It could have gone the other way if my memory of history is correct?
That's great Tim. What are you actually going to DO about it? You're not fighting him & his disgusting repulsive crime syndicate hard enough
...or a senator that's a horseshit father.
Tell it brother Tim!
Thank You.
But your son Woody sure will. Criminal thug just like his worthless father. You should resist the urge to defend your antifa family. #MAGA
Please help remove him from office. #25thamendment and/or #Impeach are both valid options to help repair and preserve our democracy.
Nope just liberal hate groups like #AntifaTerroristOrganization  & some people's sons who like violence.
What about Antifa (your son is a member) supported by @DNC, @MMFA, @CNN. George Soros, and the rest of your vile enablers? Antifa=Terrorism
State your case
what a clown tim kaine is very creepy clown
I grew up in NOVA & went to UVA. Thank you for protecting my home state!
OH,LK!
IT'S CREEPY CLOWN.
THE.  HYPOCRITE!
Play the part! Trump condemn actions & denounced groups, so grow up w your childish school games! This is not elementary school!
How come you let Obam'ass take us Back to the 6O's and Race Rioting?
How's your thug punk son
Take back our country from these wing nuts
@timkaine: then start doing something about the despicable disaster that has become POTUS.
I can't believe they've not started proceedings on competence alone!
For being anti fascist, they sure seem to be acting like the opposition.
I know what you meant to say, was " or a president that is a Nazi" He needs to be removed!It's an Abomination that a Nazi is running America
LIAR YOU ARE A COMMUNIST AND YOU WANT TO Destroy America. Comie. Trump breeds to martial law and throw all of u in jail. TREASON!!
but, you will let Antifa  and anarchists destroy us.  what a farce!

Are you really this ignorant, or just a great actor?
What about Vice Presidential candidates who cause the problems you had Saturday? Is that okay Timmy?
Free speech is still part of our Constitutional rights in America, assault not so much. Civil discourse requires allowing others to speak.
BLM has taken us backwards. So has the Left.
Or an fascist Senator who couldn't get elected as VP But supports the hateful rhetoric of the antifa movement while peddling socialism
The country won't let the Democrat party, & its legacy of slavey and the KKK win nor its cousins among national socialists. Both evil groups
Or BLM? ANTIFA? Good one
You are obviously speaking of the former PRESTIDENT, Obama that is. He emboldened the hate groups
Tom Kaine lost to Trump and is irrelevant.
I think the word you're looking for is "embiggens" #makeamericacromulentagain
Or a senator who's just playing race politics
Why then were the police in C-ville not present for the interaction and why did they refuse to protect the Jewish synagogue? Anti Semitic?
You tell um, Tim!!!
Maine did you denounce Antifa? Or did I miss that?
I hope that Senator Kaine will consider running for President in 2020 We need someone to save America, that the World will respect
Getting warmer, not enough but better
VIRGINIA IS FOR LOVERS
Your a racist
trump may not be the perfect president, but the truth is barrack obama was the most racist president of the last 30 years that is a FACT
When will you call out the other hate groups like BLM?
What about BLM?
Thank you so much for your leadership.  #soproud #proudtobefromva #Charolettesville
I agree!
Then please start impeachment hearings based on he's unfit to be President.  Please do something.
Dump Trump!
Your great state is the one with all the racist statues and allows kkk nazis and liberal thugs to protest and u blame trump. What a loser ur
Thank-you sir!
Maybe you should send your son into start the violence like he did in Minnesota....
PLEASE GET HIM OUT OF THE OFFICE!!! This man is going to take America threw hell if he's not evicted.
You realize the danger he poses, having zero control of himself when criticized, don't you? At least censure if you can't impeach.
Push that agenda
Or a Senator's son?
We need senators like you to help get this mentally incapable person out of the White House!!
AMEN. Impeach now.
You are so bland, and your words are generic. Another reason why we lost to Trump. Really hope we do better in 2020
Or fn POS masked Antifa and BLM  members
I ain't going back 2 this Jim Crow & triple k  time/era & past! I'll die gladly 1st.
Hi Senator, love your indignant moral outrage.
How about Linwood & his Antifa Anarchist who carried Marxist signs.  Both grps r despicable.
Why don't you change the name of the street you live on?
The President condemned them.
Another divisive statement. He directly condemned these people. Tell the truth.
Ashamed you're my senator.
Wonder why you lost? Because you lie
The president isn't emboldening them. He called out both sides. Are you emboldening ANTIFA and BLM by not calling out their violence?
Any condemnation of Antifa? Of course you didn't. Miserable jackal
Your paid protesters and the inability to set down and discuss the racist acts of the Democrats party is destroying our country.
Sorry spellchecker is aggravating
Caves at the first sign of trouble.Thay are attacking his own kids and he's doing nothing
As a supporter of you and deb.Clinton,I just want to say you for speaking out.just remember it's not you fault trump is a jellyfish that
How about your son's violence? Will you let him take us back?
SENATOR GOD USES LOVE TO UNITE US ALL !GOD WANTS OUR LOVE! GOD WANTS US TO SHARE LOVE! THESE NEO NAZI'S LIKE HITLER ;ARE PAWNS OF SATAN!
SENATOR EVERY STATE SHOULD FOLLOW EXAMPLE HATRED WILL NOT DEVIDE US !SATAN USES HATRED TO DEVIDE !ARE THESE NEO NAZI'S PAWNS OF SATAN?
Thank you for speaking out, Senator @timkaine
Worst VP pick ever. Helped Trump win.
WRONG, do not give the Party of SLAVER,LYNCHING, and JIM CROW Segregation get by trying to hide their sick legacy!! Democrats are EVIL!


Or BLM, ANTIFA
Tim my name is Tracey Hamilton. I am 47 and I have had 3 heart attacks and 5 surgeries. I really need some financial help. Please help me
Yes!!!!
Those who speak words like these are not true Patriots...you (and they) are the problem! Be a congressman who is part of the solution!
Thanks Sen Kaine, we do not need to go backwards
You need to step down from office for allowing this to happen.
Words don't help. Actions would.
Too many have given their lives frighting hatred will protest this hatred at every monument #willnotgobackwards
Time for Democrats to do more than pleasant talk!  Please.
Thank you. My heart is breaking. Trump must go, somehow. My hear and prayers are lifted for all hurt last weekend. Give peace a chance
It the vice major of Charlottesville who tweets about raping women.
agreed.
Thank you America's real VP!!
Or a senator who miss represents the facts
I challenge you to CALL TRUMP OUT BY NAME!!
Or Antifa.
Kudos 2  U Mr. Kaine, who isn't afraid 2 speak out against the evils of this world. U R A Man of God 1st & not just a politician.
#censuretrump
...or whether it's an ANTIFA asshat or his 'blood in the streets' father that emboldens him...
Get this President out of there.
Call for impeachment!
Tim get lost!!!
Will you condemn the militant Antifa or continue supporting the vile violent leftists? @GovernorVA refuses to condemn Antifa
@MikeOkuda I'm going to keep saying this: Congress has the ability to remove him from office. Talking with no action is useless.
You @timkaine and your accomplice @HillaryClinton wanted to take AMERICA down. Thank God for our President Trump.
Please get this lunatic out of office!!!!
Oh for fucks sake- Racism didn't work out against him [@POTUS] the last time you tried it. Same worn out song from the left.
