Our finances don't care how many calls you receive. WE can't afford to continue paying everyone's insurance at the expense of our families.
RIght. We need to convert to a better universal coverage system like the rest of the dev world, so we can pay less. See image.
Let's talk about the the UK, if you are a regular citizen they won't help "Charlie" but if you are rich the case isn't decided by court
Prior to the ACA, people were routinely kicked off of insurance that they paid for. At least look at the pic. 

http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=105680875 …
More likely because he failed to pay his insurance premiums. Again, our finances do not change because of your emotional drivel.
Here's a story about the end of the practice of rescission.  
http://www.politico.com/story/2010/04/insurance-industry-will-end-rescission-in-may-036496 …

Dropping someone from covg should be illegal.
Politico and NPR. Why am I not surprised? Again, our finances don't change because of your emotional blackmail drivel.
Are you saying that health insurance rescission didn't happen prior to it being made illegal by the ACA? Yes or no. Just yes or no.
You can do better than 98%.
You do realize #Obamacare  is dead in the water. If you do nothing you'll be responsible for thousands of death next year alone. Your move.
"Dead in the water"? The facts say otherwise. https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/posteverything/wp/2015/09/21/the-success-of-the-affordable-care-act-is-a-hugely-inconvenient-truth-for-its-opponents/ …
As a retired physician I can honestly tell you the ACA is in a death spiral. Patients are choosing to not be covered because of the expense.
And I'm not alone in my observation. Most of my friends have gone to boutique care only seeing 400 patients. This is not good for the ACA.
Acting by the assumption your explanation & reasoning is accurate, there's still this:
I'm not assuming anything. I'm tell you from first hand experience what the reality of the ACA is. You may not believe it but, it's fact.
Wow such a brilliant example of extreme ignorance, or is it stupidity. Kaine's only path to the White House is as a visitor
Not even! Term limits. Get a clue. #HilLiar lost in an election #Dems did their best to rig. #PatheticLosers
And 83% of us want this! Where do you stand? Or do you actually stand?
Agreed
Yeah let's go free market. We don't need another form of Obamacare.
Hope you get the message!
Stop making this political@and start working to take care of the American people!  They need help because Obamacare isn't affordable.
So glad you couldn't make it to the White House. According to you, #SinglePayer is Pie-in-the-Sky.
It has got to be better than obamacare.  I'm 56 years and lost my healthcare due to cost. Thank you dumbocrats.
Nothing should be passed until #TrumpRussia is cleared up! Especially #healthcare
And how many people did you have arrested for protesting the bill?  My guess is zero.
Isnt @TimKaine the guy who got 30 ppl to show up at his rallies? Yeah, we believe you're getting thousands of calls - said NO ONE! Lib loon!
ONLY PASS A TRUMP ISSUE, DOWN THE TOILET!!!
Please don't pass!!!!!!
Did I hear right, bone spurs is the only pre-existing condition accepted under Trumpcare?
Because you give scare tactics. They will have different insurance they can CHOOSE.
How many request your resignation
Do not pass.
Unless you're a billionaire(Russian) tRUMP doesn't care #endTRUMPTYRRANY #25thAnendmentNow #UnfitForOffice #1 Terror Threat and enemy of USA
What percentage say HangtRUMP for treason? #25thAmendmentNow #UnfitForOffice #endTRUMPTYRRANY #1 Terror Threat&Enemy of the American People
Yeah, just let Obamacare implode, fool
We love you and we are grateful for your work! Keep up the fight!
You don't give your VA constituents enough credit. Most of us have taken statistics. We recognize data manipulation. #MAGA #vabacktored2018
Let's put that number in perspective-VA's population in 2016 was 8,400,000.11,000 represents 0.13% of the VA population. #liberallogic #MAGA
Hey, Timmy, stop trying pull the fast one on us. Obamacare is failing and youknow it!
My husband has a preexisting condition and we don't want to lose the protection we have with the ACA. Keep fighting for us Senator!
they only know what msm tells them be truthful.  Do u take ur lies to church shame on you
Thank you.  Now, can we Repeal and Replace the Failing @POTUS? Please?
Don't pass #Trumpcare and investigate Russia deeper, I bet #PenceKnew
and impeach
#WatergateWithRussianDressing
Obamacare is dead and doesn't work so support the GOP plan when it is finalized.
Please only help rich white men
Repeal it! Don't replace it.
98% of your constituents are lunatics, so...
11000 out of 8 million residents. That's nothing!
https://devour.threadless.com/designs/make-america-cut-again/womens …
Self-delusion is part of your post-election PTSD Tim - get a service-dog, take your meds, send your psycho son to rehab, take a long vacay.
Please stay strong! You are correctly representing us! Thank you!
Include me in that number please
and do not pass measures against Palestinians so that you will not be responsible for radicalizing them. U are not Israel's slave
https://youtu.be/HGg6WFqbNek 
I hope the other 2% were to protect #NetNeutrality
remind me again, how many yes votes did you give on his appointees??? ps get back in the center
Everyone who voted for Hillary called you? Wow, now that is impressive, all 11,000.
Yes!! Are you all going to listen to us? We March, we call, we write.. it's like our voices are going into a black hole. Hear the people!
Call it #BCRA when you call 
Thank you for fighting for America sir. Love from Michigan. 
It's nice to see a Senator who actually represents his constituents. Great model for the rest.
lair.
Please dont! those of us with pre existing conditions wont make it ty!
God you're a dolt!  Why would you even mention the possibility of passing something advertised as "replacing" the ACA? DINO?
How many calls, letters and emails were received saying not to pass Obamacare?
My senators, @TedCruz and @JohnCornyn, are dodging calls and claiming they haven't heard any opposition to BCRA. Liars who will be replaced.
Bullshit
"Treasoncare"  still a big tax gives to the rich and low cost no coverage. We need to pass a law making Congress have the same healthcare.
You also received 62,979,636 votes against you saying you can't be the Vice President
And the other 2% have no clue what it is.
There is enough fake news going around without you adding to it. You're not even any good at it!!
Sounds obvious to me. Even ol' Mitch came to that conclusion. What are u going on about Brian. What's fake? Calling ol' Mitch fake?
Thanks.  Sorry you have to deal all the ugly on your twitter feed.
Your professional Firefighters Paramedics and Dispatchers ask you to keep Fighting. Thank you Senator
Well gee whiz ain't that nifty!  Pass it and you will be voted out next term
You are not in my state, but thank you for your transparency about your constituents' opinions. @SenToomey
I checked out Sen Toomey's Twitter. He does not seem to care that real people will lose health insurance due2 #BCRA 
#GOPhealthcareIsMurder
I no with the neighboring state but I spent two weeks in WV I was shocked on how depressed and how much medical needs that it needs. Go ACA
The other 2% are all from @SpeakerRyan disguising his voice
We need a non profit healthcare insurance program instead what we have now is pure capitalism CEOs making huge salaries off the back of sick
Lies, you're spreading BS to explain why you're still obstructing.
How many of these calls & emails r ppl like her. My wallet needs to stop bleeding.
My cousin used to get prego cause she knew Medicaid would ^Start school then drop &keep the pell grant $She's not only 1 in USA 2 do it. POS
The 98 are correct, don't pass
I 4 one am so tired of my taxes paying for everyone's else's crap. How bout no Medicaid for being fat, nervous, fatigued, getting knocked up
So u say. Maybe the clintons and the like shldnt take $$ from big pharma to keep their pockets filled while ours drain paying 4 others. Nope
Just think of all of those who didn't write you.  It's a theory that for every 1 who did, there are  5 who didnt
Please, for the sake of our citizens and our future, do not pass! As a cancer survivor, this bill terrifies my family.
how many of them asked you to give back the money you got to block #singlepayer? stop shilling corporate healthcare.
Don't let @GOP put me & VA #pwds back in 2 institutions. Cosponsor S.910 Disability Integration Act 2 save #HCBS.
I had to leave Virginia and the USA because I couldn't afford Insurance without the Medicaid expansion  #TrumpCare is diabolically evil
The same info should be published by all Sens, Dem or Repub. This bill is massively unpopular! GOP will pass for the 12% who approve? Nuts!
Are they saying #25thAmendmentNow
you have 250k plus in Virginia !! You do math much ?
That's because you don't live in Texas where they ALL want it. (Hah)

That implies we are in a democracy, rather than a dictatorship owned by .5% oligarchs who are whoring out the country & planet.
98%. Such a convincing number. I'm sure you read all of them.
Listen to the people. Really hear what we have to say. Do the right thing
Government? You are to protect us from foreign and domestic threats and the states need to help their people ! What has happened ?
Worked when employers covered employees and free market drives rates down and led to better coverage? What happened to the role of federal
The job of the Federal government to provide insurance for everyone in this country? We have Medicare which we need and Medicaid but it
Who may of slipped through the cracks. Mostly it's your job that provides health insurance. What happened to that and when did it become the
I know it's bad if you can't get everyone's needs met but you must do what does help the majority then go to the states to help the ones
Please Mr Kaine look inside and see are you to proud to work it out are you really trying to do what's best for most of the people?
Please we need to push a 3 party system to stop this stagnation! We have got to get people to compromise and act and accomplish!
You all need to sit talk, give some and move forward, years of the government Locked up doing nothing has to stop! If anyone else is reading
The people is getting really frustrating and has went on way to long. It's come to just that, pride not Looking out for us the peopleanymore
Why can't you guys fix the problem together. I'm really gonna push for 3rd party system. This democrat vs. republican and not helping us the
And exactly how many are from donors ?
Dems are hate group that divide, rich off our ignorance Read racist history in The Dems The party for minorities and masters of illusions
#ableg If #TrumpCare incl reasonable 22wk premie baby gestation limits for elective abortion, pass it.
Such a bullshit burger you're selling.
I hope you delay it enough so Obama care collapses like it is doing right now
That's a bigger lie that "you can keep your Doctor"
Senator Kaine continues to lie to the American people when truthfuly almost all his constituents want Obamacare gone, cause its killing them
So how do you prepose we replace a failed Obamacare?
I'd like to see  please
here's another tweet, NO TRUMPCARE.  Cheats Americans l00%, Trump knows  it,  he's going to derail country because that's what dictators do.
If the #Republicans pass this death trap for millions of Americans, I don't believe their party will survive.
Really I don't believe a word you say because you lie and have lied in the past
And the GOP still wants to dismantle the ACA.
The 2% are intelligent enough to not waste their time with you.
Woop  MAGA....got a feeling you are screwed.
What do your callers want? Obamacare will collapse by next year so what's your alternative? Nothing but obstruction.
Stop telling people they are cutting medicaid you friggen lier they are cutting it over the next 10 years it is getting 20 million so stop
Can you provide details of those calls and letters, you know it's all BS . Obamacare is a failure as you are as a Senator
Bet if you asked my relatives that have jobs, they would want obamacare to end...they are drowning in taxes as it is...fix what is wrong!
Only 98%?  Your figure seems low given what I know of Trump/GOPCare.
Perhaps, not counting the people who are so pissed that their communication is illegible or inaudible.
Funny that
I've stopped calling your office B/C I
you've represented my interests Every Time!  Thanks for fighting for your constituents!  And for ME!
Wow! Look @RepKinzinger this is transparency to constituents !
You're a sore loser Tim Kaine. I thank God every single day we didn't get stuck with you and Crooked Hillary! And your son is a thug!
You wouldn't vote outside party lines even if it meant saving lives. You have all lost your minds. It's very sad and selfish.
Still licking your wounds?
Tim, stop this lousy bill.
This smells like CNN. I gotta get outta here.
Unfortunately your anti-American, unpatriotic agenda will not succeed. You and entitled elite are the ones guilty of treason
I agree about not passing Trump care. It's not repealing Obamacare. Repeal Obamacare first in separate bill.
How many have you gotten saying get rid of ACA
Dear Mr LOSER Kain... Odumbo care sucks, I've been on it.. ANYTHING would be an improvement... I know it is hard to be a Dem and be honest.
and mine says KAINE for president.
that is if @RepJoeKennedy   doesnt run.  no need to split the ticket again since Bernie had to complicate the whole thing 
Virginians are smart!
Your lies never end. And your candidate lost.
One more 'NO'...Thank you for your work!
#Kaine2020
Contacting our representatives/senators works. Will @GOP members publish their call volumes too? Can we make them? Pick up the phone, ya'll!
You need to be repealed and replaced!
Well you are not in the majority so who cares?
That's because this is not a healthcare bill at all.
Fake Fact , if so DEMOCRATS are More MENTALLY ILL than research shows 
I emails phone calls more complaints about not being able to afford their premiums ACA law. You must have an idiotic Amnesia on this problem
What a great idea, perhaps the new bill should not be passed...
Calls from ignorant Libturds.
Maybe you should of passed single payer, if you believed that.
11,000 You Need To Get Your Ass In Gear And Make That 110,000 If i Was Well I'd Help You...People Are Going To Die if You Don't Do Better...
Too bad you're not a Republican. I pray Dems can help sway Repubs that are on the fence. This bill will kill people!
All you want is power and control, you don't listen to the voters. Also Treason, watch your slanderous comments. FYI, where is HRC's Emails?
Damn I assumed listening to you dimms that 100% of your calls were about collusion with the Russians
Yeah, and just in case...
RED ALERT

Congress is keeping a tally of our calls against McConnell's #KillerCare

Keep that counter rolling!!



CALL AGAIN
Been tweeting this to all senators every night I can. Can't hurt.
Thank you for sharing real facts and data. We ARE making a difference!
Just get rid of Obamacare at least before we got what we paid for!
How many against it 2009 & 2010 ? Be honest now holy democrat ?
I would guess that they have no idea what's in it. Dem voters are dismally unaware of actual facts. They're good at vagina hats & loot'g tho
They are all on #Medicaid. #Demwits LOVE free stuff.
Yeah sure.
I think you are lying. Period. Show me. @POTUS
Correct. Listen to common sense. #Resist
Are they supporting Obamacare now that premiums tripled, no one kept their MD, and most have only one insurance choice? I think NOT! #Clown
#True45 #True45VP ;-)
;-)
BS. Stop obstructing progress. The people voted Trump, not Kaine and Democrat


Please don't pass it
Add my request for you to vote NO.
the real killers are the medical field, Pancreatic cancer killing 40,000 yr while early testing is being shelved
How many did your office get telling you not to pass #Obamacare? Why should anyone trust you or any politician to do the right thing?
He'll be out soon anyhow so...;-)
Not as soon as would be best....   He can, and will, do an enormous amount of damage on his way down.  He does not lose gracefully.
Yes. But at least we now have hope
lets see, 11,000 people against, and a couple of million for #Trumpcare.  the rest of the country just want to repeal and NOT replace
and all of them from California, and like true democrats they called like they voted, twice .
So why on earth would "ANY* senator push for it??
Go single payer
So what. Republican Majority Senators have received millions of phone calls telling them to #RepealAndReplace
Keep up ur good work. Stay strong ignore nastiness in ur timeline. It's clear Demons Within many-r on the prowl.
And Senator I understand u r a very good listener
"So you're saying it still has a chance?"
McConnell
Wonder how many of those 11k are being paid by @DavMicRot hinchman Soros? All about the communist agenda! Huh Tim
And here's a tweet making the same request. Don't pass it. #JustSayNo #FixtheACA
Just repeal Obamacare.
