don't matter what u think. He will get confirmed!
Because you were told to say, "No". #NoOriginalToughtTimKaine
Pot meet kettle. You are wrong anyway but it sounds good for a vote or two.
Thank you so much for all your doing !!I really wish you were my vice President
Thank you ! #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch #impeachtrump
@WeinfeldRuth @timkaine
Thank you, Senator!
So your a baby killers also. Yuk.to you.
Thanks for trying,  Tim.
You're merely taking an obstructionist approach to any and everything, even if it would help your constituents you'd still vote no
hmmmm....so it was ok when the Republicans refused to even meet with Obama's nominee?  your hypocrisy is showing! #hypocrite
This is apples/oranges. Lame duck vs. newly elected. We can keep fighting with each other but you can blame the former POTUS for that. #8yrs
Why not vote yes? you support the nuclear option. So you know it will be used as you said you would do to ram in HRCs scotus nomination
No, that is what the Democrats did over the last 8 yr. so now we can argue over the definition of "is". No thank you.
LA SALUD DE LA MUJERE DE EL MEDIO ORIENTE ES NO CUENTA
That's why this will be your last term   as a VA senator
@Vamosgirl1 Thank goodness for men like you that are not self absorbed and focused on keeping women down.
Are we Americans  at war with the Syrian government! Trump can't commit acts of war w/o congressional authorization.
Wow, you're SUCH a fear-mongerer & purveyor of lies.  Gorsuch applies the LAW in his decisions...something that liberal judges don't do.
Of course, women's rights are important; so is common sense. If Gorsuch can't make the right call on Alphonse Manning, he's not fit sit.
Only because you like killing babies, karma will get you someday.
Couldn't be happier u lost.If ur right abt him, will help u follow ur faith.
That's not true, he executed the written law, if you want the laws changed, you need to propose something else
Upholding laws written against women is being active. Senator Kaine is proposing "something else". Denying Gorsuch the seat.
#HoldtheFloor
Thank you Senator for keeping Virginia blue!
Thank you.  Also, he was nominated by a president being investigated by FBI.  He should not get a vote until investigation cleared up.
Ask your rep if we're at war with the Syrian government! Trump can't commit acts of war w/o congressional authorization.
THANK YOU we are screaming NO NO NO on Gorsuch .... thank you for being OUR voice and VOTE NO.
. TY! Possible #Trumprussia cases/issues may end in #SCOTUS . We don't need a Justice picked by and beholden to Koch/Mercer/Heritage/Trump.
Ask your rep if we're at war with the Syrian government! Trump can't commit acts of war w/o congressional authorization.
OMG did U just attack a Judge of taking an "activist approach"??? (even tho he didn't)...hahahahahahahahah...have U met the kettle, Mr. Pot?
Go get 'um Senator!!
Is that all you have to say about a judge who has an impeccable record?  So ashamed you voted no.
Your vote means nothing Timmy, much like your career. Gorsuch will be on the bench tonight
You claim your for law&then you get your son off from felony charges that any other person would be put in prison for. Your a fake & a lier.
Looking forward to Nov 2018 when your nonsense stops
Hack
I'll be voting @GOP for life. #WellDone.
Hope to #draintheswamp in 2018! Too many Anti-America #Rinos, #LibLunes, #Dems! Candidate Requirement: Supports #TERMLIMITS & #AmericaFirst
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
You voting no because you are a complete partisan hack!
And in November we in VA will be showing you why you will no longer be a Senator.
Really you are going to lecture us about activist judges. Enjoy the #NuclearOption  buddy.
... wish we could say no to you representing Va
insane kane
Do whatever can be done to stop this!  McConnell is the ultimate of hypocrites! #FilibusterGorsuch #NoNuclearOption
Gorsuch is a corporate shill.   He takes "dark money" and refuses to be honest.   NOT Supreme Court material.
Why don't you try being an American and not a democrat. Politics is a bunch of hooey
Go, Tim, go. We wish you and other Dems could do something to stop this from happening.
You're voting no because you're a partisan hack concerned more with your party than the Commonwealth or the nation
You don't need to expalin. Your anti-Constitutional Marxism is explanation enough.
Stop with the issued talking points as you are embarrassing yourself & our commonwealth. Please resign now!
this proves one thing Tim you can't piss off the American people for 8 friggin years and then expect things to go your way
Ruling that women wanting contraception is "wrongdoing" takes us back to 1950's if not the stone age!
McConnell's nuclear option shows how out of control our system is. Not even granting a hearing for Obama's nominee, he does what he wants
Good to see you voting no on the nomination of Judge Gorsuch. While it seems it is a loss cause as McConnell will trigger nuclear option
the filibuster by democrats only brings conservative reaction I say enough with the b******* and NUKE EM!
make no mistake about it Tim Obama and his crew brought this upon themselves with Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi you are at fault
its where we turn back the clock on the Congress all the years of democratic rule have upset everything to its core I say Nuke em!
Good luck and thank you for standing up for the ppl
Judge Gorsuch can't find a right to abortion in the Constitution. That makes him an activist? You can't do any better than that?
Uhhhh, I believe Congress writes laws and the Courts interpret and rule on them. Sounds like you are on your own political agenda again!
why are radical activist judges ok when they favor corporations over individuals? "Conservative" judges can't be activists?? Crazy
I thought you were all about judicial activism little Timmy.
Thank you very much. Gorsuch will limit our rights not defend them.
More democrap s!@t slinging! How about some examples,,, #2016VPOTUSLoser
Thank you!!!!!!
Your no vote is only because you lost. Don't be a hater because you lost
Thank you Senator Kaine
Thank you, Senator, and all of your colleagues who are taking a stand for us.
Lie
No he hasn't. You just made that up. What a dirt bag.
Thank you, Senator Kaine for standing up for #HumanRights are #WomensRights #TheResistance 
I hope the Republicans go NUCLEAR and stop your parties nonsense and whining.
I hope you have comfortable shoes on.
You wish kaine.
Thanks Senator Kaine. So proud you represent me.
Wow! Strong work!!
Thank you!  From a VA voter.
Thank you, Senator @timkaine
Thank you Senator! Stay the course! #NoSCOTUSforPOTUS
Let's talk about Rice unmasking Americans for Political Purposes. What did Obama know, and when did he know it?
Thank you
Could someon please put the Grinch in his cave! Schumer too please! Utter disgust!
Thank you Senator Kaine !
Thank you for voting NO!
Thank you Senator
Gorsuch is a perfect replacement for  Scalia. You and your fellow Democrats want another Sotomayor. Elections have consequences snowflake
Thank you Senator Kaine. I applaud your vote.
You are a fool. These are lies. You have no legitimate reason to oppose Gorsuch.
Thank you Senator.
VoteNo
Sen McConnell will be a hypocrite if after leading GOP to use filibuster 307 times in Obama's 1st term he changes it on Gorsuch. #StandUpNow
It don't matter you lose again @timkaine. You definitely gonna get tired of losing. #imsotiredofwinning
Thank you! We are counting on you to hold the line!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Kaine ! #RESISTANCE #NoGorsuch #holdthefloor
Thank you for showing integrity on this issue. Even if the republicans push this through, I am proud that my senators voted against him.
Thank you for supporting women's rights.
I support your Vote of No
you are not telling the truth.Did you learn this from Hillary.We can all thank God that Hillary did not win.Your lies don't cut it
thank you Senator!
That's ridiculous. 2018 can't come fast enough
Can you spell nuclear?? I knew you could...
Thank you sir. You have my vote.
Thank you Sen Kaine
Because nominated by republican???
I trusted you when you were Gov & trust you now but I worry. #NoNuclearOption Is he the best we could get? The other options look worse.
I thank you!!
You should work for the Onion.
Vote NO on Gorsuch. Accepting Plagiarism is support for the normalization of dishonesty. 
Truly the #1 biggest problem in our country.
@docholly 

Thank you sir!
Thank you 
Make it cost them a lot (their jobs!) if the Republicans insist on cheating to get him passed. Changing rules when you lose = cheating.
Thank you I plan to work to get the Repubs out in 2018
Who really cares what Tim "inconsequential" Kaine does?
You must vote no. Thank you.
*blah, blah, blah* no one is listening to you
45 is defending Bill Oreilly.  45 nominated Gorsuch. Nuff said.  Just say NO. #NoGorsuch
Once again THANK YOU!  This cannot be let to happen.
Thank you, Mr. Kaine.
#holdthefloor
Just following the law. Change the law if you do not like it. That's YOUR JOB not that of SCOTUS. #GorsuchVote
Go Tim! @timkaine
Thank you for voting No on him
You mean he followed the laws passed by congress. The Jesuits should have spent more time teaching you #civics .
Thank you
@chatty42 thank you!!
@timkaine Sounds like a sore loser to me. #GorsuchVote
After what they did to Obama why would a single Dem in the Senate vote to confirm Grouch? Why? Reelection is the only reason.
Thank you Senator #scotus requires #ethics and #trustworthiness. #NoGorsuch
Some Judges go by laws That's called  honesty and doing your job
your name fits the bill, first murderer of mankind and your still murdering innocent ppl !
you just keep killing innocent babies and your follower's will stay with you !
Thank you Senator Kaine for standing up!
wcg50, you will vote no because your party expects you to, you have too Loser
Gorsuch will be confirmed. #SCOTUSnominee
Thank you, Sen Kaine!
So he has judged with the law. Only turned over once in 2700 cases. Voting no because your democrat.
Dark money is the key, why doesn't gorsuch care about it?
thank you Senator Kaine!
Hold the floor Senator thank you!
And you clearly have no concept of what an activist judge is,compared to a constitutional one. There is no right to kill in the constitution
And by "woman's health" you of course mean protecting the "right" to kill living humans for selfish reasons.
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Thank you so much!
I expect nothing less from you Timmy. Your back end belongs to the party of spitefull nay sayers. Tantrum setting seems to be par.
Thank you!!!
Keep fighting Tim!
Gorsuch is:

1. Extreme.
2. The nominee of a POTUS under FBI investigation.
3. A plagiarist.

We deserve better.
Gorsuch is a honest man that goes by the costitution
Thanks, Tim. Judges should be allowed to rule for what is popular and what their emotions tell them is right, ignoring the law if they wish.
Thank you! 
remember - what goes around comes around
Go Tim Go!!!
You're a fraud- you want activist judges just look to Hawaii and 9th circuit. But you progressives think actual law is somehow activist.
I'm proud of senator kaine
Thank you, Senator Kaine <3
Thank you from Portsmouth
Thank you!
Thank You Senator Kaine! #Trumprussia #holdthefloor #StopGorsuch
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Thanks for representing us! 
What a political #looneyleft hack speech #gorsuch .Perhaps it's time 2 come out of the closet Tim? #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #voteyesforgorsuch
You're still here? That's disappointing. Oh well. I'll take comfort in knowing your struggles will be in vain.
 And what have you done for anyone ?!?
Ask your mom.
Give em hell @timkaine
Please share concerns of most women... keep the government away from our bodies. We alone have the right to choose what happens to R bodies
Thank you!
Thank you Senator @timkaine!
Senator Kain be more outspoken aggressive fight with your dad to regain our country
I couldn't agree more with everything you said! TY for standing up for #WomensRights & We, the People! #NoGorsuch #CSPAN  @cspan
women have rights what more do they want.The majority of women are happy.Since you look up to a women that is a muslim and wants sharia law
