Timmy grab your crayons and go to your safe space.
Call out San Juan Mayor for not going to FEMA meetings.  Call out union leaders for refusing to transport supplies.
Much more complicated than you allude to. But what do you care?
Enough to focus on solutions instead of political bashing and navel staring at the problem.  Everyone join together work the solutions
The solution would have been for the President to have immediately set the Jones act aside, as he did for  TX and LA.  But no, he waited 8 days.  Those 8 days are lost forever.
He did when asked.  It is up to governor to ask. Unless he declares martial law he should not interfere.  He is not a dictator as you prove
He did EIGHT days after he was asked. Get your facts straight.  Or keep on lying, something that Trumpers do quite automatically.
He did when asked.  It is up to governor to ask. Unless he declares martial law he should not interfere.  He is not a dictator as you prove
This:
WeyouTim Kaine!Don’t listen 2the haters! Their opinions don’t http://matter.You  know that!Theydont make sense 2us.We agree2disagree.
There's a reason you didn't win and this is one of them
Give me a break. Keep telling it like it is Mr President.
You have an amazing record of .....oh yeah, you lost! Nevermind, TRUMP is your PRESIDENT!
They deserve respect but they aren't Americans. They are Puert Ricans
NO LIKE THIS BITH IS LIBASTARS DEM WHO PLAY POLITIC WITH OTHER HUMAN TRAGEDY ONLY TO GET TO KEEP POWER AND $ ONLY REASON THEY GOT N POLITIC
THEY HATE PRESIDENT TRUMP BECAUSE HE NOT NEED POLITIC TO GET$ ANDPOWER TRUMP ALWAYS HAVE IT BILLONS AND POWER BEFORE they LIBASTARS ENVY HIM
NOT is not, PEOPLE KILL FOR POWER COMUNIST and Islam KILL ONLY FROM1900 TILLTODAY MORE THAN 100MILLONS PEOPLE READHISTORY HATE IS BEGINNING
Hey Tim, how about getting your facts b4 u tweet. Read all about mayor Cruz and no way even u can defend her.
The problem in Puerto Rica is Democratic leadership there just like major cities in this country run by Democrats
Trump and his trumpkins wouldn't know this as they don't have any knowledge of anything outside of their bigotry and disdain for the "other"
We know this! Do you?
He has, quit the fake stories, BTW I won't be voting for you in the upcoming election
Yulin wants 2break ties w/U.S. & go w/Communist Cuba.It's a BIG Mafia TRUCKER STRIKE that's causing mayhem when they should b happy to work.
You should be talking RESPECT with your son or have you conveniently forgotten of his involvement with ANTIFA !!
Respect is something he would have to give before he can earn it.why is it that people with money think they can do whatever???
You are a Joke
You are an Uninformed TRAITOR to the  Corrupt mayor of San Juan is starving her own people for political fame. Stupid to attack #POTUS
Trump doesn't know the word respect. He is a nonhuman waste of time. #resign!
Considering the corruption connected to Hillary & her behavior, lady, U shuld fall on ur knees to thank God for saving us.  bless Trump
Collette has been watching too much @CNN & @MSNBC again! Real news:

Of course he did!
YES!!!!!!
Tim didn't your mother really like Puerto Ricans alot and never use to charge them ?
If your not family or pale skin you don't get respect. Simple!
I look forward to the apology you owe the President that you will never offer.
Grandstanding for political points is not of honor, it is not me to judge and still I call  a 
Me too, because that's what it is, a black heart on a stand.
Oh, n tell her to go to the fema meetings. She might find out whats going on..js
He has. Talk to Mayor Of San Juan......she needs some guidance on facts. Tell her to get the truckers off their ass while ur at it.
you just got served you fuckin' pillow-biter
Stick your head back into the sand or another place the sun doesn’t shine! Thank God you and Hillary didn’t make it to the White House
Denounce son's club ANTIFA!
Trump has SUPPORT of Gov of PR, 77 of 78 cities; San Juan Commie Mayor conned CNN, she stole-sold supplies.
.tell worthless woody to treat old people with respect.  I think you raised him that way Turd Man
He is respecting the people of Puerto Rico we are all US citizens they have no roads it takes time to get in
Hay Timmy how about when PR. Starts respecting America for all we have done and are doing for them.. Then we will start respecting them.. How about that..
Congress has a job to do pass an aid package for #PuertoRico #usvirgimislands people are dying. American Citizens dying
When exactly are you gonna call your son a terrorists and how you are going to apologise to the people for harbouring one.
Shut up and bail your brat out of jail.  He's probably back in by now.
Tim how about you go pack sand
A US @POTUS should never have to be told this. Trump is a reality tv star. Nothing more, nothing less. Only desire is 2 stroke his own ego.
IS THAT WHAT YOUR SON TOLD YOU?
He does...u r divisive again...but you need to be for up coming elections
So code silence about the striking truck drivers who refused to deliver aid for 6 days? You're a joke Tim.
Did you ever single out the service of those from Florida or Texas you pandering fraud.
Hey Mr Journalism, where are your tweets criticizing your Prez for playing golf this weekend?
Tim, how about you work on your son showing respect. He was arrested.
NO HOPE TRYING THEY DOESN'T LOOK LIKE HIM. DIFFERENT CULTURES, RACE AND VALUES
Deary me Dim Tim, my god your thick as a plank, don't educate us when you can't even educate your own child.
Tim, if your son was there he'd probably be looting.
Maybe they can be more like your Son? Maybe he picked up his AntiAmerican Sentiment  from you? A twisted soul, liar and usurper.
Sorry Senator Kaine, they are the wrong color.

Aren't u supposed to be visiting ur son in jail?
Shut up!!!! The Trump Administration is pumping amazing resources into PR who don't pay taxes to the U.S.
Unlike @realDonaldTrump Puerto Ricans have gone to fight for our country !
Hey Chester....try using facts...or call like 10 ppl to do it for u since u lack the ability!!

Hey, keep an eye on your drug using son. You lost and your words mean nothing.
Put your effort where your mouth is Kaine, get on the next transport and pitch in
Have PR start paying fed income tax Tim
Not all—>
youtube viewer: My son with the USAF there says they are getting threats from people calling themselves FALN if they try to move supplies.
Where's your son ? The Antifa member?
Tell that to Carmen Yulin. Puerto Rico cop telling the truth about Hurricane Maria's aid
Tim it's attacks like this that tell me I voted for an Awesome  President! And made me open my 's to liberals hate 4
Just Remember Senator Tim Kaine, That For Every Finger YOU Point, 3 more ARE POINTING at YOU !
What is WRONG WITH YOU! President sent help since Irma! POLITICIZING this is hideous! DON'T see you filling boxes! Typical DEM Mouthpiece!
Just a thought.
You're having a laugh from your meth, right?
Just like their truck drivers staging their strike for money when their own people are dying? Like that kind of service and dedication??!!


Stop. Why don't you go there and help. It was you and the dems fault that the infrastructure was so bad! Do your job
Check out FDR's WPA.
Geraldo and Beyoncé come to mind.
Puerto Rican's are struggling & helping each other.  but San Juan Mayor @CarmenYulinCruz needs 2 stop whining & appreciate massive efforts made by Feds, military & volunteers for Pto.Rico
Still spitting out the Brock narrative huh Timmy. We all know it's more lies from you!
Our @POTUS has an amazing record -maybe you should concern yourself with your Son. Dems ruined PR
Stop spreading lies Tim and just take care of your ANTIFA son 

Governor of Puerto Rico praises @POTUS response to the disaster  
Get a picture book that shows what respect is.
It always amazes me how out of touch and ignorant you are Timmy Boy!
You people use then discard groups of people at will. For the moment, military good?
Hey butt wipe your son needs to treat America with more respect.
You can smell these dem talking points a mile away 
Such typical Dem talking point. Timmy I'm shocked everyday you're not VP w/the wicked witch of the west who couldn't BUY the election! Not!
Nobody has denigrated their military service. The only disrespect is from those saying our military isn’t helping enough. They are. #facts
That island is so corrupt, maybe you don’t see it because @TheDemocrats are just as crooked #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder
What service you refuse to learn english buy medical only take from America contribute nothing refuse to pay taxes tell me what you did
I think EVERY DAY, how would Clinton/Kaine administration do abt this. Whatever "this" is every day. @realDonaldTrump has a new "THIS" daily
One thing for sure the foundation would steal a lot of money
Stop politicizing a tragedy you are an elected representative start acting like it

I have a  and #DirtyDon’s corruption, incompetence and lack of empathy make me feel this way:

https://youtu.be/oEwrsf02L_c …
they serve has been fantastic, which is more than can be said of that coward trump...he only serves himself
All that can be done is being done. 
Why can't your side ever tell the truth?
You have no shame Tim
Constantly propagandizing
#PuertoRico
My great grandfather, my grandfather, two uncles all served.
Respect is a 2 way street.
He won't.  They aren't white rich men.  He is a racist. He must be removed from office immediately, then we must apologize to the world.
-You & your Comrades have 'talking trash' down to an annoying habit. Your tales are being outed  Left & right.
They also have an amazing record of receiving more welfare than taxes paid! #EvacuatePuertoRico #SendBulldozers
What the hell do u know about respect Timmy? Did ur tyrant son have respect to those he attacked @ rallies?
Tim Kaine, Potus has done a great job taking care of all of us. You have used America for your own gain.
You are sadly mistaken, ma'am.
Actually she's not
Stop drinking Tim you are a laughingstock @timkaine
Dad of AntiFa terrorist says stuff.
Just shut up Tim. You’re a complaining loser...and liar. The response has been great. It’s time for the San Juan mayor to get out of the way
Shameful response to a Senator, Sir.
shut it Timmy you have 0 room to give advice.
Thank you Senator Kaine for reminding Trump of the men and women of Puerto Rico and their service to our country. He won’t care! But thanks.
And YOU are disrespecting FEMA, VOLUNTEERS, MILITARY workers who have worked tirelessly for P.R. citizens. STOP EXPLOITING FALSE INFORMATION
Tim did you ever ask the Clintons about the money their foundation stole from the Haitian earthquake victims?
He had done everything asked.  Go find your AntiFa son.
Tim stop spreading lies. Help is there and more is on the way. I have many friends there that tell me that they are getting help. You fraud
Tim Kaine is so proud of his criminal son like father like son
As opposed to all living & dead Trump family members who never served while busy taking all they can from our great country!
thank you @timkaine very true
Your moronic statement is beyond the pale. You are nothing but a hack.
Respect is earned not given. What are YOU DOING EXCEPT SPEWING HATE???
Why does it take a hurricane for you to recognize this record of service? PR has struggled for decades. Now you want 2 defend them?
If he wants to show he cares anything for vets, maybe he could show he cares for PR, home of the Borinqueneers! http://www.borinqueneers.org/the-borinqueneers-and-their-congressional-gold-medal.html …
WW1, WW2, Korea, Vietnam, The Gulf war, Afganistan, Irac and so on, the Puerto Ricans fought beside us, they never said no to U.S.!
Maybe our President should go on TV and blame the destruction in PR on an internet video maybe then he'd get a fair shake

10,000 federal employees under the hood in PR and a jackass at the wheel in the WH.
What are you talking about...stop watching fake news. You are not down there, Trump has handled all these hurricaines with such tenacity
Stop politicizing these events in order to make some bs anti trump agenda! You really are sick!!
WTH are you talking about? FEMA was there before the storm and they are still there. They're freaking lucky since they pay zero taxes
I have compassion. I don't suffer fools though
#2 - @CarmenYulinCruz “We Appreciate All The FEMA Workers That Are Here. They Are Doing Such A Great Job.” (CNN’s “New Day,” 9/26)
Looks like they got to the Mayor.
Wonder else they promised her besides t-shirts?
@realDonaldTrump IS AN UNFIT, UNEDUCATED, DIVISIVE LIAR/TRAITOR TO AMERICANS!

@FBI @SenateDems @SenateGOP
@SenWarren INDICT, IMPEACH NOW!!
#1 - @CarmenYulinCruz "The FEMA People…Have Been Wonderful And Have Been [In Puerto Rico] Since Last Week” (CNN 9/26)
So now you like the military? Thanks for kicking the Navy off Democrats. Your tweet could not be more insincere. #PuertoRicoRelief #puer#nflboycott
they nd to teach this information in the public school system! I did not know this - I feel so ignorant. Time to repay those pple
He never will.   He has shown who he is an infinite # of times but here we are...
@timkaine what have you done for the victims of the hurricanes?
Why don’t you go distribute the aid instead of criticize clean up your own yard
Mr tim kaine .....one little gear in the trump hater train.
If you were so f*cking concerned about PR you should've criticized Obama for not providing a bailout. You're all playing racist politics.
@realDonaldTrump only cares about the color of your skin to provide support. Trump's exposure to white supremacists at an early age shows
Uh Puerto Ricans are 80% white.
Senator Kaine why don’t you quit criticizing and help President Trump!!!! Help instead of all this negative criticizing
Shut up Tim.

do you dems have to politicize everything?  you know damn well the gov is pouring every asset they have in to PR.  Dope.
Their service is has been great which is more than we can say for Trump who dodge service along with his whole family!
Nothing compared to democrats watching 5th wave of terrorist attacks on Ambassador Stevens and brave Spec. Ops. in Benghazi & doing nothing
We need to start talking about a plan for mass evacuations from PR!
@jasondeitenbeck
What train are on? You still riding behind Hillary? Well  Are You?!
We would be better off than with all you Russian supporters you are all a disgrace to our country who don't get freedom!
Get a clue
My husband had served his country for 30 years and 9 months, retiring honorably soon. He is Boricua! I am proud of him! PR
Sit down and shut up. You had your 15 minutes of losing. You may need to go get your little girlyboy out of jail anytime now.
He is exactly right . But real fake news and dems love that san juan mayor.
He won't Sen. McCain.. He has no respect for himself
Stop with the inuendo's and present your proof. One liberal mayor full of hate don't count.
So do our troops who are busting butt to help out in PR.. but why not disparage their efforts, right Tim 
They are brown skinned. Trump hates brown-skinned people. So, forget it. He is a completely lost cause.
They are white 75% in fact.
98% latino. Get your facts straight
Latinos are white
