Trump praises Australia’s universal health-care system: "You have better health care than we do" http://wapo.st/2qxm8ax 
What's really behind Aetna's decision to leave Va?  Is it Obamacare?  Or strictly political?
Aetna is pissed because a judge denied a  merger with Humana that would have made them even more of a monopoly than they already are.
So nothing to do with Obamacare . . . Just revenge and greed.  Thanks.
Do you ever roll your eyes and wonder what the hell is going through his head?
Wind. There is wind going through his head. In one ear out the other. No obstruction between.
We would appreciate guidance on how to wend our way through this mess productively.
Get a job and get insurance or if you are poor apply for Medicaid
Dear Bonnie, I am just fine.Hope you feel better soon
Good
Bye bye

@washingtonpost Make him remember and hold him to his word during this next debate on this terrible AHCA bill.
WAIT a minute - under Obama Care - i CANNOT keep my doctor; the company pulled out of plan -- and premiums doubled; deductible 1000s ? @cnn
Thank you Senator, you are exactly right.
You mean like how wife lost Dr of 7yrs & daughter/son in law pay more for health insurance than car payment under Obamacare? Dems lied!
Dump the wall, Medicare for all.
#congress  #ableg Tim always forgets someone. At 22wks it's a premie baby Tim. No Chr can forget that.
How's that forgetting him? If ACA is repealed the kid may be haunted by preexisting conditions for life...if he survives that long
Keep pushing for humanity, Senator Kaine! Thank you.
Now is time Dems must bring forward a SINGLE PAYER Bill since Trump himself endorses one in Australia which has fewer ppl then USA does
I hope you'll fight this horrible bill when it reaches the Senate. Why does @GOP have to be vindictive? Improve #ACA - dont destroy.
#VoteNo
If government is now in healthcare business, why haven't you asked what your constituency would like.  Imposing gov will upon peasants.
Keep up the fight Senator Kaine!
Well the bill the @HouseGOP  passed is a scam on the American people and nothing more than a tax break for #Trump and his cronies. #impeach
Well duh  you just took what little we did have!
We should have heart to take care of ALL our citizens, not just the rich ones! Republicans suck.
Dems and obama had 7 years to make better and didn't! Now the sing nana nana? How childish!! Americans deserve the best! Like what you get.
Au contraire: Repubs thwarted any improvements. At their hands our people will die. #TrumpCareSux
You keep confusing ACA #ObamaCare with the AHCA which has not even passed. Democrats have destroyed HC last 7 years; Dems own ACA.
Proud to own ACA. Sad and ashamed of greedy Repubs condemning sick folks. #TrumpCareSux
Proud to own ACA which has killed Americans who can't afford Ins bco high premiums and unaffordable deductibles?
Some of you may not remember but when the AHCA was first proposed it was on the lines of universal till the GOP chopped it to hell
Dems had to give a lot up on it and reworked it many times just so it could pass knowing it wasnt perfect but could be worked on & made btr
GOP never wanted to make it better, they always wanted to repeal it, they didn't want to pass anything a black president had his hands in
Please implement the Australian model here in America. It has been endorsed by both @realDonaldTrump and @BernieSanders
I can't wait for the next election so I can vote you out of office.
@washingtonpost Vote NO!   Do NOT settle for less. People are our Greatest assets. Fight for American Health! Thank you. #AHCA
When GOP SAYS "affordable health care, whoes pay scale are they using?
Plz Fight this plan, my mom who works 15hr days 6 days a week never had HI until the ACA,none of us did..I know u will do ur best,thx Ryan
so why don't you promote reducing the cost of care instead of mandating insurance
You're a fraud- obamacare is neither affordable or care
If u don't have access to a doctor who gives a crap what health insurance u have.
@washingtonpost it was obvious that Trump had forgotten Malcolm Trumbull's name, yesterday was SO awful  on multiple levels
I agree.
Oh did you care when my friend got dropped 3 times under Obamacare no
#ReplaceGOP You want these creatures in Congress gone? Support #OurVoice so #WeThePeople can #StandUpFightBack!
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/our-voice-democracy … Fight back against #AHCA, Fight back against #Duopoly! Support #OurVoice so #WeThePeople can take back government!!!
we must work towards a single payer system
No you must get a job and get insurance or if you are poor apply for Medicaid
@eorlins @washingtonpost ObamaCare and Trumpcare are 80% similar. You think the marginal changes will doom us?
Medicare for all
hurry put forth universal healthcare while he's agreeing to it!
Trump hasn't read the AHCA & he has no idea what's in the AHCA, Yet he still falsely represents it. #ugly4Republicans2018
Unlike Obama care also
What does Affordable mean to you Senator? My healthcare is so Unaffordable I cannot a doctor visit. No Co-pay, $13,000 deductible $500/month
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor. NOPE The average American family will save $2,500 per year under obamacare. Nope.
All lies
It's Medicare4all or nothing now Senator. I hope you'll support it, it's time. And we need to run on something new &popular like Medicare!
Hey, maybe Trump could have some people look at *why* AUS has such good health care. Hmmmm....
The key word in your statement is "affordable".  Obamacare is not affordable.  I pay over $500 per month, $13,000 deductible. Good bye ACA!
Senator Kaine, I beseech you. Put a fire under your fellow Democratic leaders to step to the plate for our country & it's ppl. All its ppl!
Now we need to make sure none of these republicans get re-elected! They don't care about their constituents at all. VOTE THEM OUT!!
Then why don't democrats ever try to work with anyone. You hold up due process. Sing na na na and 0 democrat voted for anything.
Let's copy Australia
Australia has private healthcare along with Medicare as we do they modeled after us and instituted Medicare in 1984 what would we be copying
Thank you Senator Kaine! Despite #RobWittman's vote for #Trumpcare, we know you will represent us well and defeat this bill in the Senate!
What's your deductible?
USA should have universal health care. Yes, taxes are higher for everyone but everyone gets good medical care.
#iamapreexistingcondtion Please remember people like me and my son, living in Virginia since 2006. #epilepsy
It's not about having "access", rather having a guaranteed universal health care.
Please start calling this abomination by the correct name: Trumpcare
Can we all Americans to do same  universal health!  Soon as all Americans do it!!!
Australia's better health care is because they were able to see past politics to the plight of their people. @GOP cannot see that.
It would have been nice to see you as VP.
I hope most of the senate agrees with you! Should've been you & @HillaryClinton. She'd have laughed a bill like this right out of DC. 
Really what would she do about Obamacare imploding like in Iowa ? explain what she and Tim would do?
Well what do you propose? And what have you done for heath care?
It's time the Democratic Party has a unifying message of universal health care
Didn't they have 8 yrs when they shoved it down our throats and failed
Let's Follow presidents advice. Senate listen up. Pass single payer universal health care.
It looks like now's the chance for Ds in Sen to use Trump's words and fight for #MedicareForAll. Can we get some leadership around here?
@washingtonpost Simply astonishing! He has absolutely no idea what is in this bill!
Very few of the republicans who voted for this even read the entire bill. Trump lied about what's in the bill. Let's VOTE THEM ALL OUT!!
