Real issue could also include DJT may not be compos mentis. He is endangering us all.
He clearly is not stable.
Exactly!
This is all such a dangerous mess.
IT IS!  We are near a Constitutional crisis in our nation.
I think that is clear to millions of worried people right now.
YES, sans the #GOP enablers!
At which point do they ever put country before their party? They didn't do it when they knew Russia was hacking.
IDK, but maybe when all of their draconian policies are in place is my best guess. #VoteThemAllOut #ShareBlue
Exactly, it's not as if we can't see what they are doing.
Here's something right up your alley. #RussianSteel #trumprussia Ivanka with the wife of Russian steel oligarch...in Russia 2014.
1) How can someone who was on Trump's transition team be trusted with running the investigation into his ties...
2) with Russia?  Nunes must recuse himself from the Intel Committee.  What can be done about this, Senator Kaine?
like Killary selling uranium 2 them? Or like Killary ACTUALLY meeting w/ them? Ur a joke
Trump and his cronies will buy their way out. So, disgusted
45 is going to Prison no doubt about that.
Why is your son much cooler than you

The American people need Congress to do its job and uncover the truth on Trump's Russian ties. What should they ask? http://nyti.ms/2nOqaWU 
wow you are delusional and should use your obama care to seek a mental evaluation,  i am serious you have lined your pockets #clue
Y-E-S! #persist #resist #impeach
The more immediate issue is a mad man @realDonaldTrump in the White House! Required psych exam provision?!?   @BonnieSue05060
keep speaking up for this issue. What can we do as citizens to keep pushing for justice on this?
Obama/Hillary/Soros gave Putin green light to invade Ukraine, all for personal profit. Oh, and the uranium sale and Trump wiretap
@coleyhall
You know this means Trump illegally wire-tapped someone? Looking at patterns here. He ALWAYS projects that which he is guilty of.
Let's also face DNC, DEMS & Clinton rigging the election to win. Have 2 face ALL the truths B4 real change comes.
So many investigations needed...where to begin?!  Foreign agent in WH? OMG!  #Resist
Don't disregard Trump's contacts & illegal business dealings
It's as clear as day that Trump and Russia worked together to get him elected President.  Republicans are only in denial!
@LoriWest2 no, they're complicit.
Not to mention Hillary staff contacts with Russia during the campaign.  Just saying.
please investigate!!!! I'm sure there is a connection!!!! Russians hacked our election!!!
Thank you Mr. Vice President
How about we focus on removing this nut job from the Presidents office?? Before he creates a worldwide disaster.
@Brookslei Who REALLY financed Trump campaign? Can $ be traced back to Russia? Putin? Real estate deals with Russians?
From the beginning, even during his campaign, whatever they say someone else is doing, he and his are doing or WILL do.
#Trumprussia
@LiberalResist guess you didn't read #Vault7, looks like Russia framed when it was real the @CIA, wiretapping was true too
His #TaxReturns will answer everything, and do so with tremendous speed. @realDonaldTrump is a treasonous and dangerous fool.
GOP is setting up an investigation committee to look into """Obama's\"""" wiretapping but ignoring Trumps treason
Trump committed Treason & must be held accountable for it. #ImpeachAndIndict
don't worry i'm sure you will be called to testify!
Focus on your violent son, Linwood.  Then focus on why you chose to abuse him with that name.
James Clapper said last Sunday morning there was NO FINDING of Trump Russia connection #KEEPUP
No. Real issue is how a simpering clown like you had a chance at being VP. USA & VA will be better when you lose your seat in '18.
You big jerk, it's already been stated, there was no evidence of such contact! Stop listening to CNN, you might learn something!
hey Timmy. Think your son might need you.
what a load of crap..the truth is going to come out soon...
are you denying that the FISA application and approval exists? And if the FBI found nothing why spend more money on this?
he is crazy.  Washington is tolerating insanity allowing our country to fall apart.
Btw Podesta brother Is a Registered Foreign Agent.  Lobbied for the largest Russian state-owned bank to lift sanctions.
Hillary Clinton Is Blaming Russia for WikiLeaks To Conceal John Podesta’s Russian Lobbying Ties
you should stop while you are ignored. You will never be POTUS, or even VP.
Wasn't it Trump that sold all of our uranium to the Russians?
complete & utter LIE!!! You have been pushing this since before election & still there is 0 proof/evidence. YOU LOST. GET OVER IT
we need to nail his ass to a pole.
I think charges should also be brought against WikiLeaks for basically declaring war on us! Assange needs to be in jail!!
Care to comment on the extra-curricular activities of your son, Woody?

@SpeakerRyan past time for Congress to act and end #trumpscrazytrain before he derails the whole country
Deflecting&distractions are in Pres toolbox. Remain resolute. Smoking gun will be found.
everything trump says is always something he's done. He and his russkie friends were bugging Hillary campaign. Look into that !
@64Dmorales Exactly!
@nadinevdVelde He should've been arrested for encouaging hacking, but he keeps deflecting. Media needs to focus on Russia & taxes.
here's the problem..
@Patrickesque Trump also loved Wikileaks's when they were aimed at Hillary. Now I think they're about to focus on him. Touché.
sadly the #GOP no longer care about American solvency they have all become Rooski hookers pissing on the bed of democracy.
We are not focusing on much else. This MUST be examined and these people MUST face real consequences.
No less than IMPEACHMENT is acceptable at this point. #Resist #Persist #Impeach
Aren't u up on current events?Every Obama intelligence person has said nothing found. Now on to the spying on trump investigation
what's the plan to fix this mess? Why does American leaders do nothing?
keep it real!!
KEEP THE PRESSURE ON #TRUMPRUSSIA UP AT '10'.
Not gonna happen Tim. #potus45 is like babysitting a hyperactive 5yr old man child!
we're not gonna stop talking about Russia he can fucking put all the smoke and mirrors out he wants we r gonna catch this prick
Thank you! So nice to hear intelligent tweets!
Give it up!  #Vault7
no onesConstituency, RepublicanORDemocrat caresAbout that.PolitcsASusual.Divide&conquer. ThatALL ends in2020 #DEMEXIT @DraftBernie
Hope u head on in to confession this week Tim.
So nobody saw the ship with 1.5 million pieces of steel arrive in NJ for the DAPL Trump undid a law just last week requiring Amer. materials
Thank you! 
Chance to nail this liar big time.
RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA..
 LOL
#TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia  don't lose sight with all Trump's deflections / diversions / denials #TripleThreat
AMEN!
He should have been disqualified from the election at that point.  THAT was colluding with the enemy.
@SeanStepro ABSOLUTELY, and I didn't even simphatyze with Clinton!
hahaha #Vault7
could ever dreamed of being.
thought you would benifit from the wire tap oh and there is evidence and proof for this claim Dan Quail was a better VP than you
yea because you have the evidence to prove it don't you Timmy boy let's have um yea still no proof blow hard you and hillary
#WIKILEAKS Vault 7.  Nice try Tim.
Ya mean the red herring every IC team says no evidence exists? Right on! Seems legit! #ObamaWiretapLeaks #Vault7
Can't wait for the day of truth when facts and evidence is revealed. #truth #impeach  #drowninginlies #donthecon
@cubfan0217 and trumps taxes
The real issue is we are tired of you, Hillary, Obama, Nancy, Chuck, etc. We've had enough
Brace yourself it's gonna be a bumpy ride.
@SallyAlbright special prosecutor senator!
@CMarPA bingo!
.@timkaine
Now provide any evidence to support your claim. Anything literally anything.  Stupidest thing on the internet today. For shame.
I AGREE!WELL SAID , PATRIOT 
Just stop it already with the Russian narritive. You contributed to her loss the worst pick for VP ever. You establishment tool!
what invent.  a new your times article got info on trump being tapped.  are you calling the new York times fake news?
This is just the tip of the corruption iceberg with this group. Expect media to spill it cuz GOP sont. Connect dotd..they r there.
You know he did, it's his style.
DON'T WORRY SIR, IF IT'S JUST A CLAIM U, OBAMA & HIS Ppl WILL BE PRAISED IN MSM. CALM DOWN, LET THE INVESTIG HAPPEN. CALM DOWN!
and financial ties.. that's where the fun stuff starts..
Hey there smiley, today we found out it was our own government, framing Russians
Thank you for you voice of reason among the madness, Senator. Stay strong & keep up the good work.
, Getting so close they had to come up with fake-news to distract ;)
The REAL ISSUES seems to be politicians bickering and posturing. These half witted accusations need to stop on both sides.
I'm more concerned that u politicians think u can enslave me by FORCING me 2 buy a product. You commies need to be repealing it!
<== can you say Loooooser
do some thing besides flapping your jaws stop voting for all his people America first politics second 

#dumptrump
Have you forgotten who said "I'll have more flexibility after the election"?
That was a joke when he asked for the emails. Everyone got it but you.
Several people including people who get the intelligence reports are saying there was NO collusion.
Statements like this and showing complete disrespect for our Nation LAWS are the reasons you LOST, get over it! Election is over.
get over it you lost
So I am fighting for the USA Even though I have a busy life the USA is priority
you are going to get eaten alive today.

https://wikileaks.org/ciav7p1/ 
Every day I see the russian influence over Washington increasing and the power of the people being reduced by gop traitors
Senator Kaine Every day I am focused on the treason that the gops did in this last election as well as what they are doing now
@politigalSC thats not the same thing the donald would never do that
This whole administration is a series of misdirection, massive shocks and hustles.  Just watch and be ready to act.
This is why #Leftist think we R stupid U take a joke in campaign & make it a policy, yet againU get UR news from comedians #MAGA
We can walk and chew gum. He and @GOP can't. I can focus on #russiagate and the ACA repeal and fake job rollout. They can't.
@FindleyGrace 
Russia hacked BOTH SIDES!
Obviously Hillary was the one they feared. D'rump is a Dach'a Doggie
on their leash. Woof
we take the High road
like Watergate we all know the truth will be published at a later date. #rest
follow the money
Thank you!
where's the proof?
can't be be proven mentally incompetent? He's certainly not acting mentally stable
Special prosecutor now please.
maybe he really was being wiretapped. With his shady deals I certainly can see it being requested by some intelligent agency
after all that has occurred, why can't he be impeached?
Dear Sen.  Let the masses bitch on Twitter.  We need statesmen like you to build coalitions with GOP and get him out.
Umm...when a presidential candidate urges another country to commit espionage, isn't THAT, in itself, illegal?
That's my understanding.  Smells like treason in this country. And it really fucking stinks.
Trump is a traitor and the GOP seems to have converted to Radical Evangelical Terror...bless you, keep fighting for the TRUTH.
other than tweeting what are u doing about it? @TheDemocrats seem pretty silent other than the occasional whine from @NancyPelosi
Per total coincidence, this come out RIGHT before their crappy health care plan, right?  NOT a coincidence, a DIVERSION.
trump easily talks out of both sides of his mouth on everything never know if anything he says is true. Fake
Remember that time 5 years ago when Obama told the Russians that he'd have more flexibility after the election?  Look it up.
you are so sad.
what are you and your party doing about it? Fight for independent investigation and go.......
Trump doesn't believe Comey on wire taps. Why hasn't Comey tendered resignation? POTUS investigation too important? #HC+M
@RepAdamSchiff @politico @washingtonpost @nytopinion 
Trump's tweets are NOISE-CANCELLING DEVICE.
In coordination w. @HouseGOP .
They are prepared to use every dirty trick in the book.
USA @ risk
and Bannon, the mastermind. You can find your answers there. This is real, and ugly!
who decided you should be VP???
You had bad candidate and message.  We weren't buying.  Hacks revealed truth.  Russia didn't change votes at polling booth.
@trishabvs98 Thank you Senator. With Graham, McCain, form a committee of the sane. Save our country. I have zero sane senators
and ties to iran money used in his hotel he abandoned miles from cadpian sea, home sold for $100million to Russian then torn down
caspian sea sorry
Russia scandal is not going anywhere it has legs, irrespective of what Trump do to interfere. Remember the emails.
@arkreader Elderly neighbor said' a man' was coming into her bedrm & 'stealing" Shes In a nursing home now. Trump? Same problm.
@SandyHudgins @realDenaldTrump  You go Donald. Give them what they voted snd asked for.
#TrumpDerangementSyndrome
@TC2765 Exactly!
@MazzyBella MT "@realDonaldTrump called on Russia 2hack #HRC" then POTUS created a nightmare about being wiretapped by  
@MazzyBella It was  Russians led by #Putin that wiretapped @realDonaldTrump  #Steele_dossier British spy #ChristopherSteele
@MazzyBella @NewYorker #Russians are #gleeful about contacts made & e-hacking accomplished during @realDonaldTrump election
@MazzyBella MT"Trump campaign contacts with  " even Russians admit what Republicans can't  #Russia_if_Ur_Listening @New Yorker

agree - please continue to fight for us #IndependentCommission
@nidula_b and health care. NO AHCA!
Everything trump accuses others of, he has done or is doing. Everything. He's out of his mind. And this admin will go down.
@SylviaZ1913 I agree he is using his distraction tactics and unfortunately people are falling for it again
when is the @USCongress going to wake up and realize that @realDonaldTrump is only interested in his and Russia's well-being?
@kavikalek
@Mrsmaxdewinter the transparency  of diversion tactics are becoming comical and toxic to trump. Some trolling and loud gasps.
The must focus mantra gives him to much credit, he is a walking indictment waiting to happen.patience and "Focus"
@PalmerReport thank you Senator Kaine!!!
yes ! So why is that it news ???
While you are at it, look at his connections and business expansions in China, This he is hiding from the people.
@SallyAlbright OHHHHHH!!!!
Yes, yes..Trump is dangerous to the America I envision for my children - diverse and forward thinking. Thank you, Senator Kaine.
MY MAN! YOU ARE THE LIGHT IN A DARK TUNNEL.
Please hurry and impeach this fool before the unthinkable occurs.
tomorrow is a new day.
TRUMP got TAPPED. But NOT AT TRUMP TOWER; but THE WHITE HOUSE.I can't wait til FOX NEWS, AmeriKKKa's main source FAKE NEWS gets it
get trump and his administration out! 
Get the senators together and do this. We back you 
you have zero credibility
Good you have awoken.@funder should be your first resource. If you haven't read the #DworkinReport then do so.#Resist #TrumpRussia
Right on! I am behind you 100%!
