
Why don't you give you give them some of your millions Timmy. Oh yeah democrats only virtue signal. They don't really care.
.@POTUS @VP 
OUR 1.6 MILLION homeless AMERICAN kids DREAM of receiving  as many benefits as DACA & a HOME! #DACAisDEAD
#AMERICA1st 
But it's not their home they're here illegally. How hard is that to understand!
How is it hard to understand that children brought here before they could walk/talk would call this their home?!
Most were walking and talking
Most have more commitment to USA than you do. Who stole your job, snowflake? You signing up for military to replace them?
Huh?
Dreamers haven't burdened you in any way. They were children & worked hard vs thinking they're owed it. Why are you afraid of them?
No one is afraid of them. Many are adults. Why haven't they started citizenship process or at least dealt with the legality of it?
Clearly you don't understand complex immigration issues. You could learn, by talking to Dreamers, or ppl like me.
If you're under #DACA please renew it ASAP. You have until October 5th, spread the word!!
I've got a better idea... Why don't you let some "dreamers" into your own home and see how that works? Or are you just virtue signaling?
Deport the criminals and those who falsified documents. Deport those on government assistence. Stop assistence for DACA's, too.
Love the propaganda Senator Goebbels. Don't ever let up. Resist
@timkaine the longer D's allow this man to stay in office the more ppl lose faith in you.
How are Ds allowing him to stay in office when Ds are in the minority of... everything in DC and can't start impeachment proceedings, tho?
Sun talks about overcoming your opposition even if their army is larger than yours in The Art of War. D's I hope, will drive the narrative
Shadows? SHADOWS?? Their on the streets, front and center, at DNC giving speech's!!  What shadows are you talking about Tiny Tim??
If you had a heart I know you would pretend it's bleeding. #hypocrite
Wrong.  Rescinding DACA forces Congress to work together for a legislative solution for Dreamers.  6 month deadline to get it fixed!
they DON"T know it or love it - at least all the ones I've personally met.
A real shame. This should be reversed.
Trump is without heart, mercy or pity. Shameful that an American President is doing such an un-American action. #Heartless
So how's your son? Heard he's an Antifa member
Hmm maybe congress could their job and pass a law! Tweeting nonsense isn't helping!
"country they love" that's the shadow hide under and not their true faces #MAGA
Yeah, now you actually have to work and stop taking vacations on our Dime! Good
What up pops?
Or it incentivizeds them to go home to their families where they belong.
Good, they are criminals. Would not be a problem if YOU WOULD DO YOUR JOB. Put America first for a change!
Obamas executive order was illegal u knew it yet you've done nothing. U had maj n sen/house & did nothing. Quit whining
Speak up and speak out!  Gather your @SenateDems and the Republican women and do something!  Earn your salary!
No Senator WH and AG have all their info they will be deported the second 6 months is over There are no shadows that can protect them
It's is time you get off you dead as. & get to work in resolving the problem. No more lunches, no more holidays & no more RESIST get to work
No it does not. It forces Congress to act on this. Obama was not Caesar. 6months you now have. Do your JOB. Stop relying on Caesar POTUS.
This is a horrible situation for them. I hate 45!
IT IS THEIR PARENTS FAULT, NOT THE LAWS OF THE USA - AS A US POLITICIAN YOU SWORE AN OATH TO UPHOLD & ENFORCE THE LAWS OF THE US - HYPOCRITE
It's NOT their home. That's the point. And why aren't you going after the countries these people are coming from? We cannot house the world.
In the shadows like your ANTI First Amendment son? Have you condemned the violence from your son & this hate group? Haters & dividers. #MAGA
Not to worry. Congress has 6 months to come up with a solu...... Oh wait! Yeah, the #DREAMers are doomed. #DACA
Typical demo whack supports illegal immigration and wants to blame it on trump . Can't wait to vote Timmy out in 2018
Señor senador el futuro de mis hijos y miles mas esta en sus manos gracias.
Future of your children?  So you are here illegally?  You should be deported.
i hope so
We all likely know DACA children or their children. Do deport American citizens with their parents.  Time for Congress to act.
Anyone not here legally is in danger of being deported at any time. That's call immigration law, look it up sometime.
DACA recipients should blame their parents. If you want to be part of this nation, earn it. Legally.
He's a cruel and heartless mofo
Hypocrite Kaine will not introduce solution. He wants talking points. He is afraid to demand vote by Dems.
Lawless Obama created DACA mess. It has always been Congress' job to regulate immigration. Don't blame #POTUS for respecting rule of law.
Sen Kaine:  Congress is the only body with the power to act NOW. Please organize your members to do so!
Oh Tim apparently you didn't pay too much attention to Sessions press conference man to think you could have been VP  There is a God
Your son is a terrorist.
It time to take care of our own kids. Stop the unlawful Ness that Obama created. You gun ho on sanitizing our American History. #TRUMP2020
He gave Congress 6 months to address the issue -- should be plenty of time if you all start doing your jobs!
yes, that's the point.   They have to go back.
Then get a law passed, Rubio is on your side, check out his tweet
Actually, it forces Congress to do its job.  This is NOT (should not be) an Executive Branch decision.
Dad you need to leave these people alone 
No, it puts the illegal aliens back in the country that they came from
If Congress DID ITS JOB - provided LEGAL Guest Worker Program and meaningful security for US CITIZENS, there should have been NO PROBLEM.
No it doesn't. Get your paperwork in order. Be legal.
The ONLY country they know. Beyond sad!
The only home & country most of them have ever known.
Appreciate your tweet. Y'all have a lot more power than 140 characters. Show us why voters elected you.
What about the CITIZENS of this country? Where is your concern for us Mr Kaine? Typical entitled DC beaurocrat response trying to divide U.S
DACA recipients take nothing from you. Typical entitled "American" you are - "me first, no I won't share my toys, gimme gimme gimme"
It's RIGHT to have congress deal w this. Never should've been a exec order. Congress do your job!!!
Can we apply that to "Muslim ban" too? What's the difference with that executive order?
Not the same thing at all. National security Is the executive branches job.
When it prevents ppl of a certain faith from legally emigrating/working here, how is that a matter of nat'l sec and not also immigration?
Because that doesn't support their narrative. Only reason.
Good grief, Kaine! Obama said it WASN't a path2citizenship! Find sponsors, apply for citizenship, go into military! Get to Work, Kaine!
Do something
Oh please. These ppl were never "in the shadows".  Unless "the shadows" is every protest where they can be seen waiving Mexican flags.
Congress do your job! This cannot happen, it is cruel and unjust.
Again you are wrong Se. Kaine, recinding DACA put's the Monkey on your back (Congress) to reform Immigration so get to work, DACA Temp. Fix.
Hypocritical 2 call them "dreamers" at same time as arguing they had nothing to do w parents decision.
Yeah, we know, what are you going to do about it?
#STFU
Come on Tim let's come up with workable solutions for Americans so we can win election not just bash everything this moron does!!!
Sure Tim feeling lots of love from #dreamers.  Send them home so they can #MakeMexicoGreatAgain
Where are your tears for the people murdered by criminal dreamers? Precious lives gone forever. You have no compassion for their families.
There are no criminal dreamers. Typical fake news. Convicted immigrants forfeit DACA status.
Why are they not citizens after so many years? That shld be part of the rules. I dont undstd why if they love this country they arent
Go down to your local elementary school and ask a 5th grader why they haven't applied for citizenship. Then review the citizenship req.
Average age is 26...
Yea and will make way for poor suffering families waiting in line to enter legally! Illegal act
Ok. We know how you feel already! Don't rely on twitter to tell Congress . Get up on floor of Congress. Get in Congressional records.
If Any Dreamer is Murdered  After Deportation.  It Will Be BLOOD On #MeinTrumpf's  Tiny Hands  ..
Congress needs to act NOW to prevent this from happening. Let's put the "checks" into checks and balances.
Yes, that's correct. Why reward people for breaking our laws?
But it's not their country... there's that.  Apply for citizenship!
Dear Senator Kaine....what can citizens do? This is heartbreaking.
You and your ilk have six months to write and pass a constitutional law, not one made up by a self thought king. Obama isand so are you.
You're right, @realDonaldTrump is ! tRump thinks he's King, but he wouldn't pass the court jester application form, let alone interview
Have another beer and put more make up on.  Trump put things before the people (congress) Obama played Kingtard.
You're right! tRump puts things, $, and white people before party, country! Zeig Heil!
He doesn't take his 400k salary, donates it. Giving 1 mil to Houston victims, has a diverse group of people around him and follows the law.
You mean like the $5M he promised victim's of Sandy?!? Yeah, they never got it! I can do that too! Hey, here's $100M!
He is passing the buck and taking no ownership. That's the kind of man & "so called " leader he is.
Well said and true
How about you help AMERICANS born here who served in the MILITARY, we have children who have no rights to citizenship do our children matter
No, it forces congress to do something!
Please do something to help dreamers!!! They deserve so much better!!!
When is the president going to start making America great again all he is doing is destroying our values as a country why is he doing this
What is your plan to fix this?
Coward makes the announcement with a smerk on his stupid face and then walks away with no empathy or a conscience ! HES INHUMANE
PLEASE work to get some legislation on place to protect these young people. I have already called you and Warner, but will ask again. PLEASE
Not back in the shadows, DREAMers gave all their info to the rancid government. They are in the center of the target now.
It's just plain cruel. And with no justification either; it'll hurt the economy & folks must have spotless crim recs to be eligible for DACA
Obama basically wrote a law which is the problem . This was always an issue for the legislative process. Would u want Trump writing law?
Their parents made bad decisions. It happens. Much like when you failed to teach your son to behave in a civil manner.
Stealing someone's dreams is not Compassion
Giving our do nothing Congess 6 mo deadline to force a legislative solution for Dreamers IS compassionate.
Cry us a river, Tim.  Maybe now my daughter won't grow up in a country you all but bankrupt
Forces you to do you job, so do it.
YOU SHOULD MOVE TO MEXICO AND RUN FOR EL PRESIDENTNE' SINCE YOU HATE AMERICANS SO MUCH AND LOVE MEXICANS
It'll be more forceful if you start calling it the @GOP Nuremberg Law.
Senators,GET TO WORK!! Don't talk about it, FIX IT!!!
These precious dreamers  
Heartless
DACA was unconstitutional to begin with you clown 
