I hope when this is over leadership of the free world is a shared responsibility. More than ever I appreciate the strength of our allies.
You mean the plan that helped the Soviet Union continue its terrible reign.
Please tell your POTUS not to come to the UK? It will get ugly and embarrassing.
We are watching our country's standing in world be destroyed by this president in front of our eyes! Sad. Very sad #POTUSTrump
This Anniversary should be celebrated
We are leading. For ourselves. Then we can worry anout the dumb asses that vote for open borders and mass immigration
Too late - some elected a destroyer and he is leading us to destructions - CONS in House and Senate are enabling.
That's cuz the Democrats sucked.  Why do You think the Democrat Party sucks today? Bunch of liars, criminals & pedophiles.
You , sir, are dead wrong. History will prove Obama to be one of our greatest presidents and Trump a repeat of Nero
Unfortunately the good work done toward Europe by every US president, from Truman to Reagan is being undone by Trump
Fuck them. They take adbantage every xhance they get. Now AMERICA FIRST

No thank you. MAGA
Just trying to brush you up on your English.
#MAGAt
We need to rebuild our own "war-torn" inner cities first.
Europe was rebuilt a long time ago, Senator.  Time it stood on its own two feet.
People work 7 day weekend
and not incite another world war and I had great fears with him in the WH and GOP not exhibiting strength and integrity.
I hope you'll run for President in the next 4 years.
2020....Kaine for President!
Let's find that LEADER first, my good senator.
Like your position for the last eight years of "Leading from Behind"?
more useless news from Tim McCain! get it?#leaker?
What planet do U live On? Don't recall "leading from behind"? Prompting NATO allies to comply w/already agreed to commitments is leadership.
We cannot lead when the corporations are people too. (Ha) and our president and his minions are insane.
The money spent on the Marshall Plan should have been spent on Americans instead of Europeans.
Agreed! We MUST restore democrat control of our government.
Many people think it's time to stop putting a lot of money and troops into Europe. The cold war ended 20 years ago. Cut the cord.
Funny,.. you say that now after genuflecting to Barack Obama who ALWAYS led from behind. How very hypocritical... and sad...
Sadly, we have a President who would rather look at himself in the mirror and pat himself on the back than lead as a President should
You mean always apologize and not lead
70 years of bankrolling the west...we simply can't afford it anymore...
so while you were leading the DNC .. why didn't you put info security into the budget or did you think Norton AV & 2 firewalls should do it?
Hard to lead when our stupid tweet storming leader won't shut up. He needs a shovel.
Amen from the right.
Now we need a #MarshallPlanForAmerica
We didn't join League of Nations that President Wilson liked either... learn your history
Funny, you didn't feel the same about Iraq. Do you have a mind of your own or is it just a node on the Dem political machine.
Is Tim on the trump train now? #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
George Marshall:VMI!
.You mean like Obama that was leading from behind?
That is what our President is doing, Obama broke it
Ya mean like Barack, lead from behind?  It's too easy with you...
Lead?  While we continue to add to an already insane 20 trillion dollar debt?  Really?
So where were you when Obama was in office? He led from behind right? Redline? Crimea? China in the SCS? Freaking hack!
Nor should we subject our country  or our sovereignty to organizations that do not have our best interests at heart.
THE US CANNOT LEAD WHEN WE NO LINGER HAVE A COMPETENT LEADER!
Amen so much damage is being done it will take a long time to reestablish our relationship with allies
You really need to shut up & go find a straight jacket to join Hillary in a padded cell! You're a crooked obstructionist lining your pockets
I doubt 45 knows anything about that    doesn't study history    oh wait  he reads books on Hitler tho   hmmmm
Go away.
The Marshall Plan really helped Turkey, my late father's country, and Greece. Fully agree! Thanks for being in DC for us Virginians.
We are in a real crisis!
We will lead again, once trump is in jail
Where you and all your advice when O was leading from behind?
but ur leadership #iraq (WMD?), #Syria, #Lybia completely failed
Not 2 mention illegal meddling in2 political processes of sovereign nations
Friends & relatives in Norway are still appreciative for the help given them through the Marshall Plan.
When you get right down to it, there really isn't much difference between DemocRats and Muslim extremists.
NHBirddog Buh-Bye. BLOCK
Tell us how your dead-beat Snowflake son beat the rioting charge?
class act... wise words...leadership...! @JEDBLACKCORP
Compare post1945 world with US engaged and involved and the post 1918 world with the US withdrawn and insular. Both world and US suffered
And that save the tax payers 3 billion dollars
First we have to withdraw Trump they don't even want him.
SENATOR KAINE A NEW TYPE OF MARSHALL PLAN ;ONE FORGED TO HAVE A GROUP TURN AWAY FROM FALSE TEACHING!
DITTO!
Good advice but democrat's actions prove otherwise - resist and obstruct. This tweet is hypocrisy...
Oh, you mean like the Republicans did for eight years under President Obama? They can dish it out, but they sure as hell can't take it!
SENATOR KAINE THIS WILL BE A WAY OF PROVING THAT THEIR ARE THOSE WHO WANT PEACE; A WAY OF SHOWING NEW LIGHT TO OTHERS IN THE DARK!
Unfortunately we have a POTUS who has no idea what the Marshall Plan was.
Instead of "lead', how about "cooperate"?
Thank you senator kaine.keep up the hard work FOR WE THE PEOPLE .
SENATOR KAINE WE SHOULD ALL ;THE EUROPEAN NATIONS ;AND THE US ;SHOULD DERIVE A PLAN ;FOR BUILDING PERMANENT HOMES FOR THE REFUGEE!
Yes did we hear @potus mention it
And its a shame that 38% of the population stuck us with POTUS knows nothing about government & thinks he needs ratings he is The Apprentice
He's leading in that he cares that the terrorists are destroying Europe.
Apples and oranges

Beautifully put, sir.
