Officials: 17-year-old Muslim girl assaulted and killed after leaving Virginia mosque http://wapo.st/2sNpvec 
SENATOR KAINE IT IS A TRAGEDY ;MY HEART MOURNED IN SADNESS!
Senseless tragedy. Our prayers with Hassanen Family.
Appalling ! The consequences of the Trump rhetorics will darken our lives for years to come.
This is beyond sad. My heart is broken for her, her family, the community. What kind of people have we become
Republicans are destroying everything this country stands for.  #FlipTheHouse
any comment @realDonaldTrump ? Or is this acceptable to you? #DoYourJob or be #Impeach
This is past tragic. Heartbroken at the unnecessary hate
Horrid incident! The new slogan is "Make America Great by Hate!"
we mustn't let this go unanswered
Thank you Senator for recognizing this beautiful young lady. Condolences to her family and may God bless her soul 
God what kinda Christian or any other religion does that. Fire trump, it's his rhetoric
If she were "Christian" and the murderer Muslim it would be a terrorist attack.
Only if she was murdered for her faith, rather than a random act of violence
What makes you think a woman full cover walking to a Mosque was not murdered for her faith? In these times you know why she was killed.
Is it true that the killer was an Obama Dreamer from El Salvador?
Who are we?
Will you go on the floor and declare this a terror attack?
I fear for the future of the world, when I hear such horrific news.  Is no where safe for anyone in this times?
That racism and bigotry that the Tangerine  Caligula raved about during his damn campaign are working. And Republicans say Dems cause hate!!
Again....SOMETHINGHASTOGIVE!!! Where does this end! WHEN???  
According to an ICE spokesperson it was a 22 yr old Illegal from El Salvador! Its best to get your facts straight before you jump.
Killed by illegal alien that Democraps allow to stay in this country. Another American killed by illegal.
Thank you, Senator! So sad!
This is a good example of the kind of leadership we could have had
But nothing from our President. Sad!
Her blood is on Trump's tiny hands.
Wahh.
My prayers & thoughts are with Nabra's family. This is horrible! We the American people are supposed to be better than this 
AH YES WHERE IS THE HEART FELT CONDOLENCES FROM TRUMP?
@timkaine Please explain how this is not a hate crime!
Suspect is illegal alien
#BREAKING: more trouble for murder suspect Darwin Torres. ICE has lodged a detainer against him, meaning they believe he's here illegally. 
Prayers for my fellow Virginian and American, #NabraHassanen
@washingtonpost I am so sad that this is happening in this country I offer my condolences to her family
Thank you for acknowledging this
very sad
Very sad. Where are we heading as the human society. Two wrongs never make a right. The people who commit such heinous acts are inhumane.
@washingtonpost how can they know it's not a hate crime if the police refuse to investigate and see if it is?
Send any prayers to Scalise and family?
The police don't seem to think this was a hate crime....
The blood is on your hands Tim. You fought to keep Darwin Torres from being deported back to El Salvador. Darwin Torres is an illegal alien.
Didn't hear a peep out of you when christians were being slaughtered
I'm in Ptld where we had tragedy 2 wks ago, I blame Trump whose hate 4 Muslims has allowed those barely able 2 hold it together 2 unleash it
Never see you pray for beheaded Christians
Thank you for acknowledging this crime.
Sending prayers to everyone
Sad day for all Americans
then let the president keep them out of here
Unspeakable what is wrong with people?
Illegal
Do U send your condolences 2 the family of everyone killed in Virginia or are U just pandering 2 the #Democrats latest, favorite voter block
Unfortunately @realDonaldTrump stirred the shit bucket of hate & now we have to suffer with the fallout while he sits fat in the White House
Why hasn't @POTUS commented on this, he has daughters, how would he feel if it were one of them? Disgraceful!
Very devastating...
It is sad and horrifying
It was too windy so your prayers didn't go through . Try again.
Damn. You would have been a great VP 
Heard she was killed by an Obama Dreamer, can you confirm if that is true?
So so sad and tragic.  The poor girl and her family/friends.
Please advocate for this to be labeled a hate crime. @MarkWarner  @RepDonBeyer

Thank You Senator for recognizing this beautiful young girl.

Murdered by Darwin A Martinez Torres
Ann illegal alien Dreamer from El Salvador...
Awful. So incredibly sad.
They have prayers. Send justice.
Prayers for the family
