Well ... DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. All us small folk can do is vote and that is questionable these days.
Not true, you can call/text/fax your Senator(s) and TELL them you want them to VOTE NO! #KillTheBill #SaveACA #Resist
Can we text #impeach45NOW ?

Why is that not an option? How is #unfit #conman #fascist #thief Trump still allowed to sit in Oval Office?
I know right? Hang in there. It took 2 years to get Nixon to resign so he could avoid going through impeachment.
Thanks, however, don't know how much more damage America can take of #buffoon #conman #traitortoAmerica steering us to dark waters of hell.
It's going to be close but I think we can do this.
Produce the page, paragraph.
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
This scares the crap outta me. I start Chemo Tues. & feel like "what's the use" cause I might have to end treatment in the middle
No we can't! Vote For NO!
Man you guy's can't stop making shit up.
Have the DNC place countrywide ads on TV,Cable&Radio specifically expalining the harm of the most important items in the Bill.
But sadly, 51 senators will.
They only need 50, Pence can seal the deal.
Yeah but they'll get 51 because that's how they roll...
Then don't, do what you need to do to kill this bill
You can do something too! You can call/text/fax your Senator(s) and TELL them you want them to VOTE NO! #KillTheBill #SaveACA #Resist
Both are against the bill
Shouldn't those who use more pay more?
Wrong on so many levels. This isn't drinks at a bar.
When your old..handicapped..poor. You are an EATER not a contributor to their bottom line...$$$$
Healthcare providers will learn about bankruptcy laws when patients who can't afford to pay use the same method Trump uses to stiff vendors.
SENIORS GET SICK MORE THIS IS COMMON FUCKING SENSE
The fact that so-called GOP leaders think the GOP health care bill is remotely fair & reasonable is surreal. #surrealpolitics
I thought you were all about taxes. How about repealing the death tax
We're with you Senator!!
I have paid premiums my entire adult healthy life.  I've never minded that my paying & tho I didn't need others did. Now I'm elderly & I'm..
told I have to pay more so others don't have to cover me is disheartening.  I am still in good health but i wonder now why did i bother.
So many say they aren't paying for others in need.  I gladly will pay for others but not those selfish fake Christians anymore.
Clean house that loser son of yours doing? Have you used your influence as Senator to get him off yet Bernie's been using his influence
Seniors voted for them.  Maybe this is our way out of this mess.
WTF? The generation gets us to where we are at...then abandon them? Not to mention our veterans! Unbelievable this is acceptable to anyone!
Can someone give me a reason why we can't have universal healthcare? Healthcare guaranteed for each and every American. Why not?
If this hatful bill passes we will not forget at the voting booth. One by one they will be relieved of duty as they run for office.
No, we can't AND no, we won't with leaders like you, @timkaine & @MarkWarner looking out for all of us. #NoToTrumpcare
Would they need more expensive care?
Sir -- persuade others and vote no to this closed-door, so-called health care bill...thank you
Dems doing what Republicans did during Obamacare bill.  You guys are worst than kids and don't care for American Citizens
What do you think of the #AgeTax on young drivers, forcing them to pay more for coverage?
Seniors helped build this country. Don't quit on us!
Thank you Senator for speaking out.
@repgregwalden please tell us in Oregon that this is not true....or vote for us. #Trumpcare
If this hurts my parents, I will be devastated.
such a tragedy!!Sad I'm beginning to realize children w disabilities and the elderly are a nuisance to the @SenateGOP broken.
You come across as incredibly ungrateful and obtuse. Easy to say what should have been done with 20/20 hindsight
Your comments re Obama's response to russian interference are shameful. Especially considering all the Obamas' did to help you & HRC win
An AgeTax?!  Good Lord - my income is minimal and my spending power is less, not just every year, but nearly every month!  Age tax, no way!
This is a stressful nightmare!  How can we stop this?!! Republicans, time to become heroes and vote no no no!
Yeah.  Yeah.   Your all Liars !!!!!
Senator push out #va10 @RepComstock. She's not doing anything to assist ppl w/ #disabilities. She hides behind her visits to va locations
This is why I cannot stand republicans,
Obviously the republicans are going after the millennial vote now!
All of us can help! You can call/text/fax your Senator(s) and TELL them you want them to VOTE NO! #KillTheBill #SaveACA #Resist
This can not stand!
@aarp members stand and fight, so you can stand and fight!! @AARPadvocates @AARPOhio @AARPadvocates @AARPCA
Fix it. How many years have you had opportunity to fix it?
You don't have a problem taxing by them after they die. #deathtax.
How did Tim Kaine get involved in this?
You going to send your son to use explosives, riot, and fight cops if you lose again. Then use you political connections to from jail again
I'm already paying more company dropped medical insurance! I was paying $153 a month. On the market I pay $478 a month with higher co-pays.
Hey Kaine, I read the bill and saw Nothing about age tax in it! U Liberals need to be accurate! U people put us in this mess to begin with!
I disagree with about 90% of your policy stances. 100% agree with you here, this bill is grossly inadequate-Need to go back to drawing board
I think it's a violation of Title VII.
Isnt that like death panels?!
Frightening.
They have a fix income lots of them can not keep on working  How do they think they survive Or is just like them want this people to vanish
robbing peter to pay paul wont work. vote no plz.
Not only can we not stand for this, the vast majority of seniors cannot survive this, either. It's robbery & murder.
I vote All elected government officials only able to choose from the new healthcare bill. No more from government employees' healthcare 
Soulless.
I'll pull some laws
Yes it's terrible! And what's even worse is that over 50% of seniors voted for him!
Yes Florida is one example of that
Is this like the death panel claims?
Seniors on fixed incomes not on Medicaid already at risk w rising medical costs if this passes RX & Dr Co-pays unattainable  w die
Michelle Bachman's fear that The Affordable Care Act would create "Death Panels" proved true!  They are called Republican Reps and Senators!
Absolutely NOT, go send Linwood Kaine to beat up some MORE innocent seniors. This way they'll NEED you to help them heal right?
GOP healthcare making elderly pay more to make up for saying young people can pay less. Just shifting $$ from 1 group to another Universal
First, let's tax McConnell!
we you mean us you got good gov ins Tim I could not afford Obama care
Many of us eligible to retire before age 65 are wondering if we will be able to afford our insurance
Great Racism Bigotry Class Divide Age Discrimination MAGA so much winning 
We won't be standing. We'll be laying six feet under
Oh please....drama
Blah Blah Blah Blah.  What did OBAMACARE DO FOR US?  You WEASLE
SENIOR STRUGGLE EVERYDAY JUST TO SURVIVE. !ADDING BURDEN TO THEIR LIVES IS IRRESPONSIBLE; AND WRONG WOULD GOD WANT IT SO? WE HAVE A RESPONSI

Heller has wanted this his WHOLE CAREER. He 100% will vote for this bill.  He knows he might not get another chance
http://action.nvdems.com/press/entry/breaking-heller-admits-support-for-ryan-plan-to-eliminate-medicare …
Democrats go nuclear!
Yeah! Let's end that #AgeTax for young drivers, too!
Seniors are the ppl who need it most and can least afford it...so of course that's what those monsters would do.!!
Also w/o medicaid and it gauranteed payments, HCPs in for profit states are going to charge more for services further increase costs.
Well...idiots voted for this...and you warned them
Seniors should pay less
And dumb tax for those still supporting it
