Now: @timkaine before small church community in Dumfries where hate message was left. "People are feeling emboldened to do these things." 
How does 2017 feel?Trump presidency treating you good?Glad to hear it loser!
It's that apple and the tree thing!
either that or Kaine and able !do you know how long Kaine,hated his brother ?as long as he was able!
ur son is leader in antifa. how can u tell anyone what to do when ur house is corrupt and evil. little hypocritical there pedophile man.
May want to talk to your son about hate
Begin by forcefully denouncing Antifa. You are either for them or against them. Choose.
Mr Senator sure we are with you far from another continent,stand for your peoples surely one day the will be there for you #AadamsMjb
Do you have any comment on #Antifa?
Some, like you, want to drag it into the toilet. Real Virginians don't hate, ever, but we will stand strong for our rights and our country.
Calling on you to denounce alt-left ANTIFA, your son's militant group of thugs.  @NancyPelosi has already, but you hide.
How are u feeling about #antifa? Haven't heard u denounce the violence and hatred.
We won't go back
We will put on our Vagina costumes and march in the streets!
We will show them what a real feminist looks like.
We will demand our free tampons
So proud you represent Virginia! Bless you!
Wow, talk about spreading lies.
Kick rocks politition
WE MUST UNITE AND FIGHT FOR PEACE, EQUALITY, AND HUMANITY
Another white Democrat obsessed with skin color. u guys have a serious problem w/race. Do U think we feel the way you do about black folks?

You are The Father of Antifa, spawned from the Clinton/Kaine DNC RESIST Hate & Violence riots. KKK (Duke), Nazis (Kessler) are Occupy DFL.
Omg I totally thought you were calling people "Dumb fries" for a sec 
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
The child you raised grew up to be an Antifa thug. Try doing your own soul searching about your preference for politics instead of parenting
A picture is worth a thousand words.
Hey Tim....let's talk about this.
Liberals don't need proof they make it up as they go. If you disagree with them. You're a racist
And Hitler don't forget Hitler
not true, you are a reflection of Virginia, ponder that Tim. We get what we create.
Christian here. I'm supposed to love you I don't have to like you. And I don't hate anyone.
Liberals are so stupid. Mean quit wasting time worried about a monument. Need to spend time helping your fellow man
Have you and Hillary sent any help to Texas?
Should read "My SON wants to drag VA back to the days of hatred through violence - today I will be strong and hold him accountable"
Like you mean 10 days ago?
Kaine you are sickening no one is instagating hate or race except you and ur party. Rep want to cut their taxes and your    Hollering racism
Just speculating here, but perhaps the hater-in-chief inspires increased hate messaging and lunatics popping up everywhere. 3.25 more years?
Your son is a terrorist.  I see it starts at home
Our country is run by a parasite. These things can be expected.
Who Timmy?
Den Kaine. Thank you for your service to VA. I graduated from Quantico HS and now live in CA. I will always love VA and know Dumfries well.
Ever since you joined Hillary, you're "with" whatever they tell you. Sad
Than stand w Trump & the People and condemn the hatred & violence from Antifa, BLM, Wht Supremacist, Nazis, etc. Unite for MAGA!
Days of hatred were issued in by Obama. Race baiting by those of your ilk has set Virginia back decades.
Race card not working.look at Houston! Your party created the KKK ask http://Hillary.you  live in the dark,like your name.
So you're not going back to your democratic roots? Does that mean not going back to your 1800's slavery roots or 1950's Kim crow roots?
Such a cry baby loser. Seems we are going back in time trying to eliminate AMERICAN history, and will soon be burning books too. #Wacko
The TRUE haters are the Democratic Party! As u know Timmy, u Democrates created and fueled hate!
Maybe a start would be to condemn Antifa!!!
Cant wait for the day you can't speak either damn hypocrite
Politicians who have never even seen a newsreel of the last Nazi fascist to rule  world instead paint us a pollyanna portrait of cumbaya
Lots of bots on your timeline sir. We wish you could have been the @VP standing in Texas now unstead of this lying accomplice to treason!
Donald was allowed to continue to get attention saying hateful mean stuff, and he emboldened the low-lifes to come out from under rocks
Delusional.....
Tim u Rem saying we must fight in the streets&resist trump?? Well guess what its coming home so just sit down&shut up. Stop being so bitter
#PutinBot
Really how soon you forget. Your called for fighting in the streets.
Is your son out of jail yet Timmy?

ALL YOU'RE DOING IS RABBLE ROUSING FOR PROFIT, LIKE THE DEPRAVED NEANDERTHAL YOU ARE! #GAMEOVER #TuckItAndRun #BloodOnHands
Better get your own house in order before you start with your sanctimonious pandering
If you keep beating the drum of hate that's All you will Have, so move onto more conservative things, like supporting Our President!
No
Good man.
I wish you were back as Gov to push police reform - i.e. police standing around doing nothing to stop violent Nazis.
Thank you.  Never stop.  Btw, we need about 20 more like you.
thanks, Tim! We are proud of you!
Is your son one of these?
Let us progress towards a communist utopia, with no Christians, and other forms of hateful thought.  We must purge dissent violently.
Cut the liberal bullshit, Bernie!
#PutinBot
Run for Prez 2020
Preach!
you know it's not being 'dragged' back into anything. the hatred never left; it was just a little more undercover. be honest about this.
Love always wins..
