Just say you think health insurance companies are good and you want to kiss them @timkaine
here's a better idea ... get the govt out of the healthcare business
Alright. Finally @JChandler54 proposed a dumber idea than @timkaine . Well done, there, champ!
the government spends $2.5 trillion a year for healthcare, that's an average of almost $8K per person - bad idea still?
So... you'd rather the people receiving care pay it out of pocket?
yes, but I'd even go for the govt giving $8k per year to everyone
the problem today is that govt isn't capable of being cost effective, that's why we need them out of the business of it
For profit insurance model is riddled with inefficiencies. Nothing inherently ineffective about gov't run programs.
For profit health-insurance and for profit production and delivery of health-care services are inefficient. @JChandler54
No, let's expand Medicare, as the Democratic architects wanted. Don't move to meet the Rs. Stand for real change.
Um, no. Bad for health care, bad for the Democratic Party. Why are you saying this? Donors?
someone made these awesome images let's post them all over don't forget the hashtag #MedicareForAll & #JoinBernie & to @
#BernieCare
Could we make the term Single Payer not = socialism?

Get at it!
After 8 yrs. of obstruction, have you seriously not learned that they don't want to work with you.  Single payer or go home.
CAN'T AFFORD because we actually work, are not on welfare, aren't old enough for Medicare nor disabled. Cousins included

make healthcare better for all of us by going single-payer #MedicareForAll OR just let us have what Congress has. Problem solved!
.@timkaine Work with the people, not just other politicians. Support #HR676!
hey I have an idea why not try single payer
the reason politicians like Tim Kaine don't want single payer is because they are funded by the Health Insurance Industry
like, what do you think the story of the good samaritan is about?
time for single payer, Tim.
So like… have you just never heard of Single-Payer, or…? @timkaine
Single payer now. Get on board or get left behind.
how many people have to say it? MOVE LEFT. 

MOVE. TO. THE. LEFT.
You are a mayonnaise on white bread sandwich @timkaine
Barring that, how about Dems take a solution directly to the president? Let's show GOP, Ryan, and Trump how it's done
.@timkaine How did it feel to lose the presidential election?
wow what a news flash!!
Right-wing Democrat who lost to far-right Republicans calls for more bipartisan corporate health insurance
@timkaine
We can make health care better by lowering costs, improving the stability of the markets, & expanding access. GOP & Dems must work together
It's almost embarrassing at this point.

and some wonder why you lost.  #turncoat
We can make healthcare better with #MedicareForAll except that @TheDemocrats don't want to hear what the public is saying.
Time to primary you.
the way you work together on Gorsuch?
Would've been a lot better if you would've left it alone!
Time has come for @AllOnMedicare Never mind the corporate blather. just go for it!
If you're not for single payer how about giving up the healthcare we taxpayers pay for you & your family?
medicare for all, now
Or we could institute single payer. Health care is a right. We already tried bipartisanship. ACA is Heritage Foundation plan.
Medicare for all.
Medicare for all. Step up or stop pretending you care.
Or we can just enact Medicare for all single payer.
.@timkaine you neoliberals are not cutting it become progressive or move on...
.@timkaine we will watch u and vote against you in a primary if given a progressive alternative something you should be mindful of @dsa_rva
.@timkaine capitalists will never freely cut profits this is where Democratic Socialism comes in w/ single payer @DemSocialists @dsa_rva
why are you standing in the way of #MedicareForAll ?
Single payer, not this crap. C'mon.
too late for you Tim
Medicare for All, you puto
gee what happened to the 2.5k our premiums were to go down ? Oh yea Gruber said "stupid American". Why shld we trust dems agn ?
this Virginian wants #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll! There is no place for profit motive in healthcare. These are people's lives!
this is why you lost
single. payer. Stop giving the insurance companies all the power.  Get together with your colleagues and DO. THE. RIGHT. THING.
both @GOP @SenateDems  R corporate puppets that do not serve the people The solution is as obvious as your corruption #singlepayer
#MedicareForAll - there's no other solution but single-payer, universal healthcare.
Dems' need to focus on fixing Obama care deductibles for families and reducing consumer pharmaceutical costs.
Single payer. Period. Try representing the people for once.
.@timkaine the markets can get fucked
you're the worst FYI
Let's just do what Paris, Milan, Tokyo, London, Toronto and Berlin are doing #hr676
.@timkaine No no no no no no! Join @SenSanders in pushing #MedicareForAll  Many progressives left Dems bc leadership won't listen #demexit
really, then why did you push the aca which did none of those things you fraud
Oh Timmy? @timkaine
We're COMING for you! Start serving Citizens vs ur Corp Fascist Bribers or get OUT of the damned way!
#MedicareForAll!
Say it @timkaine, or do your corporate donors have your tongue?
#TPPKaine is the reason we have #PresidentTrump.
single-payer and filibuster gorsuch, or prepare to lose your next primary
@sidnknj Senator, tell THEM that!!!!! Their  of together is dems do what they say! Perfect. No problem! Naw, just kidding!
.@timkaine Ya & we can do that if you support Single Payer... Support #Berniecare...
dude. Single payer. Get on board or get off the track.
single payer or nobody gives a damn
expanding access?!  #MedicareForAll
if they'll vote for single payer,  fine.  If not, we can't work with the people who are trying to dismantle our country.
How about listening to Sen. Sanders and work on single payer.
retire binch
No thanks, Americans deserve #MedicareForAll Tim and you know it.
#SINGLEPAYER #hr676 #MEDICAREFORALL
meaningless centrist rhetoric like this is why you and Hilldawg lost.
Single payer.  No markets.  We are tired of insurance Companies.  Tired of the hassle. Tired of Wall Street controlling my life.
shame on you corporate puppet. How mic your masters from Big pharma and insurance criminals paid you? Shame shame
http://THIS.Is.Why.You .Lost. 
Single Payer's time has come. Get on board or get left behind. @JoinBernie #MedicareForAll
I'm a constituent & if you don't vote #MedicareForAll  -stand w Bernie Sanders or I will put a lot of energy 2 perm voting u out.
me too!!
Hey:: ACCESS isn't healthcare. If your into access join the GOP. #MedicareForAll is the only answer.
A public option would do that -- please keep fighting!
Why would a Dem care about MARKETS? Y'all are the ones who supposedly care about people.

At least that's what my parents told me
Or we could just do the sensible and popular thing.. #MedicareForAll
now you want to work together lmao go kick rocks
no way to do anything with the new administration. #dumptrump
unfortunately healthcare now takes a backseat to our info. Being sold and the environment being sold out today. We are in hell!
That's the first "make sense" comment you've made!
Agree, but have you actually submitted legislation to do so?  If yes, please let me know so I can help support.
the problem is the hospitals and Dr's over charging insurance companies. They need stopped not subsidized.
We tried that before. They didn't want to play and refused to participate. Then they blamed Dems for going on w/o them.
Please get started...
The House GOP  could agree on what to watch on TV if there was only one channel
we don't want "markets," we want affordable and comprehensive health care for everybody
isn't it easier just to kill off the population like in Росія!
isn't that what everyone said Obamacare would do? 
With all due respect Senator, as long as insurance co. are the main denominator, prices will always go up. #AmericaHealthCare
Single payer please.
All this time and you just thought of that?
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
Single payer
#SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
I have an idea. Single payer type insurance! Oh & Tim, I noticed that you're a maybe on Gorsuch. make that a NO! U can keep yr job
Health care is a market failure. No more markets.
Sir Republicans have obstructed Obama and swore to repeal the ACA. Until we win back Congress in 2018; try but don't hold  breath
We want universal health coverage like every other industrialized country.  We want #MedicareForAll
sorry sir, this is never going to happen. Insurance companies and other big corporations run this country, not the people.
#medicareforall
.@timkaine Costs can only be lowered by cutting out insurance companies whose only reason for existence is profit. Nationalize healthcare.
We like your son better
You have become the Republicans as our Republicans have become the Vichy. Thanks for the advice Tim.
Don't give your constituents this crap. Support the single-payer bill by John Conyers and Sen. Sanders, don't blather abt markets.
They're not going to. Dems should stop being pansies.
How about stop with the platitudes and actually do something? Like, get behind @BernieSanders and #Medicare4All.
#SinglePayerorBust You're not talking about health care, you're talking about insurance. Two different things.
Those are end results. Won't get those if gov is still in healthcare.#GetGovOut. #FreeMarketsWork.
Medicare for all is the only solution.
HEY TIM HOW ABOUT LETTING INS. COMPANY'S COMPETE ACROSS STATE LINES OR LET US SIGN UP FOR THE SAME INS AS U IN  SENATE
No, absolutely not. Single payer now. #MedicareForAll
please quit
Need to target those states that are having the most problems....why are they having those problems??
Hey be cool like your son and do single payer instead.
stop the irresponsible trump adgenda. His coal mining plans are ill informed and lack factual basis.future is renewable energy.
@SadOrangeMan @timkaine he's ill informed&has no basis in fact. Investigations will reveal illegal activity by racist trump
single payer you dingus
A person's health should not fluctuate with the markets
agree.  Congressman Garrett, this is what leadership looks like. #tomgarrettweexpectmore
it's called single payer
work with your son to resist this party of fascists and protect your constituents
Senator, sometimes even Conservatives and Liberals really CAN AGREE!
A lot of dads out there who like Medicare and don't like age discrimination my man I'm just sayin let's do the math here
Did you lose the ability to say "single-payer" healthcare? Or has all that corporate money corrupted you? Or both?  #SinglePayer
please do NOT vote to overturn Pres. Obama's Title X rule. Millions depend on Title X sites for reproductive care.
"We must collaborate with Nazis to make sure 28 million people continue to be denied basic health care." @timkaine
We can make health care better by lowering costs, improving the stability of the markets, & expanding access. GOP & Dems must work together
@unspokenbond @timkaine Vote his sorry rear end out.  He helped to screw Bernie.
- But will/can they? GOP is nuts!
.@timkaine #MedicareForAll #JoinBernie Literally not one person wants to have to shop these markets — stable or not — to keep from dying.
single payer, it's the proven way.
Actually, this is precisely what the last eight years of GOP and Dems "working together" failed to do. @timkaine
We can make health care better by lowering costs, improving the stability of the markets, & expanding access. GOP & Dems must work together
Medicare should have the right to negotiate drug prices.
change mandate to allow cheaper critical care policies rather than full coverage. Offer buy in plans to Expanded Medicaid.
thank you Senator!
you can #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll it, Tim. Love, --a union-born solid Dem for 40 years voter.
On the other hand, the original ObamaCare was based on Australia's Medicare system and so made the poor exempt from insurance.
'Markets' have no place in basic human rights.Every other first world country knows this. Life is worth less than profit in the US
GOP's version of ACA was you pay $8000 before you are covered Trump's was you pay $20,000 before you are covered. Both are illegal
Stop this "markets" nonsense. Follow the single-payer/single-buyer model the U.S. Govt uses for "common defense" provision.
Hey, scrolling thru I noticed about 3/4 off the comments (incl. mine) are pro-single payer. Do you think you will support it now?
actually it is about 95%, the other 5% r about his son or Gorsuch
@housegop @HouseDemocrats You MUST work together. Start calling it ACA & not OCare. Take the emotion out. 83% of us want that!
Yes, but have they learned how to compromise in the middle of American political thought? Or only lean far right? Can they work?
Stop speaking in technocratic jargon and support MEDICARE FOR ALL!!
How about #SinglePayerNow / #MedicareforAll ?
bad idea Tim. Were you in a coma in 2010? These scum believe only those that "deserve" healthcare should have it.
"GOP & Dems must work together" - did you see what they did with 8 YEARS to work with? They have 0 new ideas. Leave them behind.
typical corporate democrat who doesn't care what the people want, only his donors. Medicare 4 all! Stop being a centrist. Primary
how about single payer instead?
We can make health care better by removing profit driven companies #SinglePayer #patientfirst
- Medicare for all. That's the solution.
.@timkaine move to single payer or your constituents will suffer more consequences. It's that simple.
regulating healthcare markets is an inferior solution to eliminating them altogether. We need single payer.
How about Medicare For All!
How about single payer #medicare4all Tim? You should talk with Bernie, he knows what we all want. Unless you want to be primaried.
And @RepJohnConyers as well. He and @SenSanders have been fighting for it for years. @timkaine
Can you, please do.
#HR676 Over 50% of the #USVoters are demanding #Medicare4All. While all of you weak #Corporatists want to weasel out of the fight.
No they mustn't, reach behind you and touch that thing that keeps you upright. It's called a spine and you need to use it.
or just go to single payer
I hope your cool son smashes the windows of your mansion
Suprised you didn't write it in Spanish to make this neoliberal garbage look "woke."
your a good man but do not sell your self out to work with GOP. There can be no compromise of our core principles. Stay strong 
single payer is the only moral solution. Also, filibuster gorsuch
No. Expand Medicare -- not market
Repealing the CPP is not the way to make us healthier.
what does this actually mean and why is it a better political or policy strategy than #medicare4all?
Tim, you misspelled "implementing single payer" as "improving the stability of markets" hope this helps
Hey tim, your son is cooler and has better politics than you.
also medicare for all
Say it with me, Senator. "SIN-GLE PAY-ER" #singlepayer
it's a total shock you didn't get elected. You inspire us about as much as a cemetery full of people killed by your bad ideas.
if by working with the GOP you mean to bendover and take it like you always do, then GTFO
