Hard To Believe.  Show Me The Proof!
I Saw About 75% Couldn't Go On Listening To Such Rhetoric But That Is Not Proof Of 87 Citizens Dead By Ilegal Immigrants. Show Oficial Data
DWI Does Not Get Included In That Data You Know That!  No The Same Category Of Crime.
2 days. Meuller knows  Indictment coming.
Not calling out terrorists by name? Alt-left condemned @POTUS as supporting for not doing so. Does that mean you support them?

Isnt your son a terrorist, Tim?
Senator, please work with your peers to impeach @POTUS
They have been scheming to do so since Nov. 8th 2016.
@Timkaine Saddened by the dozens of terror attacks across this nation by #AntifaTerrorists When will Tim Kaine call them out by name?
Dems don't seek truth or justice, they seize on a lie, then blow it up and repeat it.  First Russia, now racism, lies!  Vote these liars out
Attacks from without, chaos from within.  Not one Senator on left has acknowledged  Presidents unequivocal denunciation of racism & Nazi's?
Thank God for President Trump.  If Dems had their way, we would have open open  borders and open season on Americans.  How can they?
And yet you are doing everything in your power to make sure Islamic terrorists can do the same thing here. #DemocratLiesMatter
But yet you don't support the @POTUS when he tries to ban those animals from doing the same to us. #hypocrite #maga
Is spraying people in eyes at a protest what you taught your son?  We are not all liberal in MN.
Then move to secure American People not your crazy open border nonsense.Or do u prefer to offer condolences after your dreams become horror?
Your son, the violent masked criminal, was raised by you, which means you taught him to be this way. So take ownership of violent protests!
Kind of like your son huh
All I did is shake my head and said not again
I'm really happy you lost the elections! MAGA!
Really?
Quick to condemn the Alt-right in #Charlottesville , how about condemning Islam for the #BarcelonaTerrorAttack ?
#EstamosContigoBarcelona
Since we're on the subject, any plans to remove the Nazi/KKK loving terrorist from our White House? They sadden America.
#Barcellona
My heart aches for the victims and families of this horrific attack in #Barcelona. Michael and I send prayers to all our friends in Spain.
Thanks Satan How bout a Rap album?
all you do is lie what about the babies you kill everyday ! And now your klansmen are calling out to murder our president !
Time to take down the Washington monument and the Jefferson memorial huh Tim
Whatever happened to your son
Very sad..
Gosh, he speaks a foreign language
Your heart best go out to those in the Civil War you and your Party just started!
Your botness is so very obvious.
Who's botness?
"Nobody has a right to inflict their hateful views through violence and murder others." #Barcelona @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz
That is the result of unfettered refugees and appeasement
I don't see you condemning Islamic Extremists and terrorists.
Speaking of Alt-Left Terrorists. Do you know where your children are
Yes sir Tim your heart goes out but you still oppose our presidents border wall and support sanctuary cities right?
really?? from one #imperialist to another like #Barcelona??
And the victims of the KKK attack in Charlottesville as well sir. That was a terrorist attack at home & should be condemned by ALL as such.
Looks like a white supremacist copy cat attack.  Even used a white van
Once again... a much different tone from Establishment shills   like Tim Kaine . He is saddened because the terrorist has dark skin
Democratic Party is in favor or terrorist and destruction. Your actions prove it.
Toda nuestra vida son muy precioso.  Muchas gracias por su tweet.
100% of these guys vote Democrat in the US. 
Platitudes are hollow and meaningless when no action is taken.
They don't speak Spanish in Barcelona, they speak Catalan
Love you Tim please run again in 2020
Would you like to call for "fighting in the streets"?
it's all becoz of ur wrong policies Eu and Islamic countries r suffering from terrorism and radicalisation
Do you know what caused it? #Barcelona
Si usted tiene un corazon!
Wasn't your son involved in attacks in Washington?
For sure Minnesota Minneapolis
But you won't condemn radical Islamic terrorism
Gracias por su solidaridad con España y con las víctimas del atentado terrorista en #Barcelona
These terrorists are no different from Antifa. Which your son is part of and was arrested for due to violence.
I heard you were going to be arrested by the us army or us special forces?
Horrific news. Saddened by the fact the GOP has failed to start impeachment procedures. We can't help Spain w/Trump in office.
Maybe they were just fighting the streets,resiting like u advocated for America
Stop your Hypocrasy if your heart was there you do more to eliminate ISIS instead of Trashing the President
Why is woody over there
Go back to sleep, you dolt.
I wonder why you’re not calling out the ideology behind the attack like you did for #charlotsville..
Thank you Sen Kaine.
Are you illiterate?
Thank you very much Senator Kaine
Mr. Kaines son woody is a arrested violent protests  did you know that
Tragic event. Can we guess nationality of the terrorist?
What side fueled today's violence? No mention of race or religion for this attack ? Only counts if it's alt right in your eyes and @cnn
And your son is part of them also.  When are you going to disavow you're #AntifaTerroristOrganization Son.??
why you gotta make it back and fourth instead of making progress? whataboutissm isn't gonna help
You are a part of this scheme, Kaine. You are a player in the Soros' team.
Why did it take so long for you to acknowledge the terror attack? Trump was faster
I am praying for them.
And Stll, No word from The Don re Barcelona. Oh yeah, they're Spanish; that's, like, near Mexico right? Excellent people, yuge!
He already has . Need to get out of your little bubble
K, thanks, I've been looking.......never mind my bad
Is your son still in prison?
This Virginian agrees. Sure wish the rest of your tweets were less divisive and more unifying.
