Let us focus on #TrumpRussia first, get his butt impeached, and then deal with improving the ACA.
"Impeached" f o r......
#
O B S T R U C T I O N   O F   J U S T I C E....#RESIST
PROVE IT
"#Progress..?" #fakenews
Medicaid was NEVER meant to Be used like in Obama care. Get with it. Speak with Repubs and get something done!!
Do dems even look at responses on Twitter or do they tweet and run?
NO WONDER Republicans LOVE "FOR-PROFIT" Healthcare in America -
This is why a politician or immediate family member can not be allowed to own any stocks while in office, six figure income better than most
...maybe all of Congress is treasonous? You need to curb your acid tongue. The Founding Senators are spinning in their graves
Kaine & Warner. Against the President.

Really look at the roads no improvements in 20 yrs but taxes raised 5 times ,more than tripled & you want that for your healthcare , 
Progress?..millions of WORKING americans lost coverage due to Obamacare!÷
You call that progress ? Only if you're on welfare ,not for the working people who can't afford to see a doctor, you can keep your doctor 
Aca was a failed plan from the start! The Dems would have known this if you would have read it!
Hope about getting some Democrats on the committee to improve healthcare. Work not sides of Congress
Just do what Rand says.
Was no progress Jackass. Hurt my family badly. Lost doctor, skyrocketed premiums.
@GOP been saboteurs of My @POTUS44 & ACA from the start
Trump period, sabotages any progress made in the last 40 years!
Trying to fix Obama mess.
I don't see progress when my friends and family are suffering under OBAMACARE.  This is nuts! Why won't you admit it's a travesty for most?
My child wouldn't be alive today if it weren't for ACA protections
Nice success story and we need affordable health care both sides need to work together
You can't possibly be serious
Instead we got "we have to pass it before we know what's in it"!
Progress? You clown. ACA progressed to Socialism. NOTHING else. It kicked millions off their plans, and forced them to ACA.
More on http://philippekacou.org 
You're joking right? You & the rest of Dems destroyed healthcare in this country. Quit acting like a saint you fool.
The ACA is a disaster, and was 100% Democrat.  You have no credibility.
what progress? It's DEAD , fool. 
"Progress" You're truly living in a world of your own, if you think the failed Obama health care is progress.
You and Hillary would have done better. Not think so it's a disgrace how democrats are doing what ever to work with republicans a disgrace
Hey Senator, news flash. ACA is broken. On path to imploding. Almost $30B/yr overhead cost. Democrats made insurance companies RICH.
The Dems have treated us like dirt, they have just been trying to pass their own agendas!
Why are they responsible for cleaning up the mess you dems made? You're blathering off at the mouth to deflect from the mess you people made
@RareDiseases Defeat Senate health bill. Cruel. Protect pre existing conditions. No lifetime caps. Vote No! @senrobportman @lisamurkowski
maybe you should concentrate on finding all the missing children from your state ,closer to DC area, but then you probably know where they r
You need to get serious and stop obstructing
WRONG!!
Progress???????  My premiums have tripled.  I work hard and get screwed because I make to much to get medacaid....u screwed the middle class
We want this but also want the administration out now!
They need to get busy cleaning up your mess
Why weren't you serious for the last 7 years.....
the Dems  SABOTAGED themselves by placing that PUNISHMENT PENALTY MANDATE TAX & by not  settings any king of guide lines
you Dems  just let ppl who got OBAMACARE  run wild and run up big bills b/c they didn't have to pay! Young ppl paid their bill
Are you kidding me?? Healthcare has sucked since Obama screwed it up and now you are crying? We need to vote you out asap!
Problem is atty didn't work for Russian government. OOOPS. It was a set up to get Jr to hear her adoption pitch. Period. #Ukraine
 You screwed it up to begin with! Ocare is imploding before your eyes. Ppl can't afford insurance. So fine them$$$? NO SINGLE PAYER either
Republicans need to lick their wounds and wash their hands of Trump and move on. Impeach now then restore Democracy to All Americans.
Raising premiums and lack of choice is progress? You and your ilk are delusional.
You wacko liberals will never get it will you. You and Hillary lost and Trump won because we do not want Obamacare
What progress? Premiums went through the damn roof! Repeal and return to the free market.
How come you weren't serious for 7 years?
I don't want to hear you talk about improving healthcare cause where and what were you doing to improve it the past 7years? #Nobamacare
Progress?! I pay 150% more now in rates plus money into an HSA and insurance covers half as much.
PROGRESS MY WIFE HAS NO HEALTH INSURANCE BECAUSE OF ACA -- YOU EVIL DEMS SHOULD GET THE GOVERNMENT OUT OF THE HEATHCARE LIVES OF US
You supported Obamacare - now you want to tell others to get serious? You are a clown sir.

They need to stop trying to destroy all that is good and decent in this country! This dysfunction needs to be ended!
What progress. All the insurance companies are getting out. But in 7 months Trump ruined it? Give me a break.
The ACA isn't without fault, but wouldn't it be much easier to tweak the problems than throw the whole thing out?
Tweak the problems ? Illegals ,welfare recipients = ones able to work but not willing to work ,more jobs = more paying in to cut costs
For details, anyone who wants to can view my analysis of the Senate Plan at https://www.slideshare.net/luciaperri7/review-of-the-senate-ahca-bill … via
Way I thought obama care was the greatest thing timmie. Democrats screwed up healthcare no republicans voted for Obamacare remember that?
#Obamacare was nothing more than a huge tax hike on working Americans. Liberals want to make everyone poor & call it progress
Worry about your delinquent Son, Trump will save the day...
You mean this loser? 
You're right. Obamacare is a disaster and our American health care system must be improved.
Hasn't sabotaging the #ACA always been part of the #GOP plan? #ProtectOurCare
You mean skyrocketing premiums and deductibles and loss of Drs and Plans? That's the Democrats idea of Progress. No wonder you are not VP
Still waiting for you and the rest of the Congressional elite to join the rest of us on the health exchange.  How committed are you?
ACA was catastrophic ins not real ins.  My premium $375 per month and $12,500 DEDUCTABLE!!!  So $17k out of pocket before the ins kicks in.
No one wants to talk about this side of ACA. ACA disenfranchises a great # of Americans. Partisan pols like Kaine wont even acknowledge it.
Vice President wanna be
just continue to preach to your uninformed followers who get their facts from The View. The rest of us know whats going on
Oh, Timmy, we love obamacare as it fails.  Fun watching.
If Dems (who excluded Repubs) had been serious about improving the American HCS to begin with, we wouldn't be here now. Both are to blame.
You do realize this mess DEMOCRATS created is failing. You didnt include Repubs in the process, now you want them to help u improve it!
repeal it we cant have #aca in VA
Time for both parties to work together to fix this mess! #TrumpCare is garbage
Boy did America  dodge one by not having a fool like you as VP
Almost #VicePresident but yet only have 574K followers LMAO what a pathetic following as far as TREASON goes #UraniumOne #BIllClinton 500K?
Or leave it the f alone!
you are a buffoon  #HillaryClinton sold out to the Russians #urnanium #URANUS
But it's fine to fund illegal aliens? No!!!
Tim KAINE delusional, psycho needs to stop the bull is demoralizing President Trump. Wanaby Catholic with no morals
               ABORTION
Only their constituents can hold them accountable. I mean, if that's still the process...Could be Koch's, BIG $$ etc., are ALL that matters
Do you have any idea how much insurance for Middle working class at 45 grand a year in the south?  987$ with 7000$ deductible. Ocare SUCKS
Exactly! I told you they weren't ready yet. Just wait it will come back to repair the system otherwise they own the mess.
Republicans need to get serious about a load of things including healthcare and Russia collusion
Seriously, you and the rest of the democrats were the ones who ruined health care. #repeal
Exactly. Keep the progress going, can take some credit for that. But don't take years of steps back. March forward.
Thank you @timkaine for remaining focused and not falling for these distraction tactics. #VoteNO
Yes, thank you kaine, we all need a court jester, your perfect
Senator Kaine: During the campaign I told you 20 times: Get on Twitter. You never did. GET ON TWITTER. Sen Lieu is good.
It as the Democrat taliban party that destroyed affordable health care, though this AHCA that destroyed Our Liberties.
Progress? You must be kidding, 28 million lost their doctors because Obamacare and you voted for it!
Obamacare literally killed people and you did nothing but support it, you are so fake
Timmy, Timmy, Timmy. Why would anyone want a political hack as a veep? You are a sad, sad case.
This also Tim...
Yet you won't meet that at the table to negotiate  you just at obstruct, no solutions to anything just whine on the internet all day
1) R's dmanded the provs that led to ppl lsing cov. under ACA. 2) R's spent all of Obama's terms obstrcting. 3) R's refuse public debate.
Godfather's Pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain.
