VA GOP at it again! #VALeg just voted to defund Planned Parenthood but the Governor will veto & keep fighting for women’s health.
Why do people equate women's health with PP?There is a long list of doctors where women can go & be covered on all health plans
If they are truly in need, they should qualify for Medicaid.
There are hundreds of free&low cost health clinics in Fla. PP donates to political campaigns so shouldn't get tax $
The only thing that won't be absorbed elsewhere is abortions&by law tax dollars cannot be used for abortions anyway
Can we clone him in Iowa?? #wishfulthinking
As a Virginian I am against funding Planned Parenthood. I do fully support term limits on Congressmen & Representatives though.
Women's health is not PP!?! These 2 clowns representing only the side of VA their party aligns with - what about the rest of us?
He does it without asking for a fancy car or watch! 
does @POTUS want to put troops on the ground in a war? War kills more than abortions or Planned Parenthood...
@TerryMcAuliffe 
If pph was an org. For men it wouldnt be defunded..let women die of cancer..is that the plan
glad we have one of the good guys as our governor! Thanks Terry!
Why does the Va Governor always refer to himself in the 3rd person. Sign of mental health Problems? Narcissism maybe?
If Bill was proposed about vascectomys castration or lack of ED drugs we'd have zillion man march. Leave our bodies alone.
abortion is not health care. It's murder. If you think otherwise then you are seriously in denial
You're way too far to the left.
Great job Governor you will be remembered at the elections you'll make out like a bandit & win again.
women's health isn't dependant on PP.....they don't provide anythibg but abortions & contraceptive u know this though #ppkickback
@ManMet80 @TerryMcAuliffe senator thank you for standing up for women's rights.  Lord knows the GOP doesn't
@TerryMcAuliffe I love you
thank you, Senator Kaine. You are the best.
What about all Virginian's health including unborn with strong viable hearts?
Terry McAuliffe is awful.  One of the most detestable Governors in the US.
@KHannanRN Kaine and @GovernorVA are awful. Elections are coming!
when can u start to impeach Trump and his staff, Trump needs a mental evaluation
Send your Governor down here to Texas to have a chat with Greg Abbott and his men.
what's the need for PP when we all have access to Obamacare?  I don't get the redundancy.
you mean abortion
thanks for standing with women, it's my favorite thing about you. 
Translated: Let's do more abortions. Parenthood? Really?
.@timkaine Thank you for supporting and standing up for women.
we need to keep you and @TerryMcAuliffe in office!
are you as baffled as the rest of us?
@TerryMcAuliffe thank you.
Thanks @timkaine 

#MyBodyMyChoice
YOU BOTH ARE MY SUPER HEROES!
I oppose federal funding for PP
because you hate women or what? If it's because of abortion, look into the Hyde Amendment, you'll feel so much better.
proud Virginian!
@TerryMcAuliffe Wasn't the Affordable Care Act supposed to cover that?
proud to have you as my senator and #IStandWithPP   Thank you @GovernorVA
GOP are obsessed with OPP
and this is why this falls election is SO VITAL. We can't be distracted by D.C. drama and forget our own backyard.
Stand strong, there are more of us and we are MAD!
Why do u keep fighting for something that is failing?Humana  dropped out&Aetna is next.I lost my BC/BS PPO 2 yrs ago&United HC now
We have Russia bullying America. What is going on. #RUSSIAGATE
#Another Good One, we are counting! Love ya babe! Sir, ah, Guv.
Newsflash. PP does nothing for women's healthcare. It provides abortions and birth control. That's it.It will b defunded federally
#RUSSIAGATE #RUSSIAGATE #RUSSIAGATE #RUSSIAGATE #RUSSIAGATE #RUSSIAGATE #RUSSIAGATE #RUSSIAGATE
so glad I left #Ohio behind and moved to #va. This is my real home!
me too!  This is where I fit.
Sen @timkaine: I'm proud to have a senator (two of them!) who #IStandWithPP.
Thank you!
I would like to trade mine (Rick Scott) for yours please.
but everyone has insurance so getting healthcare should not be an issue anymore---what is the scam about
I love your governor!  Please take WV back.
THANK YOU
@TerryMcAuliffe - It will take a long time to recover from the disaster that is republican government. Greedy, selfish, mean!
.   Thanks!
Phew!
Tim Kaine we love you and we need you!  RESIST
can Texas borrow him for a few?
well you do politically.

And he backed a president that armed those cartels. Classy, Kaine.
