We need to be doing all we can to assist Puerto Rico in exceeding this projection so they can begin to recover and rebuild.
Sadly PR chose not to invest in their infrastructure and now it is America who is at fault? You can't force them to be responsible stewards
WHO THE HELL CARES ABOUT INFRASTRUCTURE WHEN AMERICAN PPL ARE FREAKING DYING! NO PRESIDENT IN OUR HISTORY WOULD EVER LET THIS HAPPEN!
This is what genocide looks like. #Trumpgenocide
Who said that was "acceptable"? You're playing politics with a disaster for your party- you're a pathetic hypocrite
Nowhere but in Dictator's world with @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan use of their office to do nothing
Actually it's a lot less than 15% seeing as in these past days lots of sectors have failed again
What was your purpose of flying to PR and back??How much did that trip cost?? What was accomplished?
It was a timmy publicity & hyperbole junket
Ah, no.
Tim Kaine, how about Flint, Mi without potable water for YEARS under last admin? I guess that rose up n bit U Dems in the A$$?Mi 4 granted
After Andrew hit south Florida in 1992 it was 3-6 months before power was restored, depending on which area...
Under POTUS this is acceptable any place where the majority of citizens are African American Hispanic or poor.
But - but @realdonaldtrump is doing such a great job responding to Puerto Rico. He gave himself an A+. And threw paper towels!
I Don't mean to disrespect the office of the President,  but Trump is a pig.
Beside greet Obamas OFA operators in PR, What else you did? Ohh yes, insulted FEMA & military personnel and POTUS. Wonder why lost election?
Nowhere
#DoSomethingGOP #Impeach #DonnyDaycare @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseJudiciary @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @PressSec @GOPLeader @POTUS @VP.
Maybe we should consider what there is to work with???:)miracles in two weeks???
There are 17000 people working as hard as possible. Why don't you go give them a hand.
@NoLeftyLib nowhere!
And 45 said we're doing great? When is Congress going to serve and save us?
Puerto Rico's power system was not existent prior to the hurricanes - a product of graft, greed, and corruption.  Tell the whole story.
Oh, the government would get away with that in lots of places. Ask Flint.
Exactly..... We must do better - there is no other choice- 
It's the consequence of having American citizenship but not being considered culturally American by mainlanders.
I'm status-agnostic - whatever is best for PR is what we should eventually do. But politics in PR focused solely on this issue for decades.
As a result, we get treated as a broke aftershow by a Congress that's content to watch our economy get mismanaged and strangled by DC.
Not that we didn't screw it up completely ourselves, of course. It's crazy to find a situation where everyone is essentially useless.
Nowhere else. Why? Brown folks!
No matter how he struggles 2 pronounce #PuertoRico, @Potus keeps treating it like a greedy foreign country.
That is true but as for our population, we're comprised of a mix of people. We have all skin types.
Yes, of course, but I think that race is a factor in @POTUS' delayed response to the disaster.

Have you ever been beaten up and reviled with racial slurs, had rocks thrown at you? Walk in my shoes.
Sooooo this happened in PR?
No. Oakland, CA many years ago. Afterwards my Dad taught me 2 punch back.
Last time I checked Oakland is not a bastion of white supremacy
No where would it be acceptable.  They have been forgotten because they cannot vote for Trump, so they are expendable.
@dawn41764 Senator, Why is this acceptable in PR?
If they weren’t BROWN, @POTUS and @VP might be more interested in the dire situation. Hoping to buy some cheap real estate #DonTheCon ? 
So knowing this information, what is Congress doing to help Puerto Rico?
#puertorico
#unidosporpuertorico 
#prselevanta
Starting to think Flint, MI would fly under the radar like that too...
What's your solution. Stop throwing hand grenades and make some substantive suggestions, Mr. Ambulance Chaser.
Answer: Chicago
What is your plan? I mean what would you do differently? Specifically
trump talk is pure trash talk. Not surprised. He deserves perfect karma for this.He can't comprehend suffering or compassion.He is a devil
Good place to start solar!
Not that large an island that helicopters can't drop food, water and medicine to regions that are inaccessible. No excuse.
You should preach this to your fellow
constituent. You have the power to make things change on this issue.
We have people here in the USA that needs help and all you care about is Puerto Rico man . This why I don't like you and never voted 4 you
Puerto Rico is the USA...
Next month? This is totally unacceptable.
St John and St Thomas still have NO power. 35 days!! Please don’t forget the USVI!! @NewsofStJohn @usvirginislands
Tim Kaine and Kamela Harris should run for president
Where you have corruption
Can the dems do something. They must please
Flint Michigan
Are you referring to Trump's approval ratings?
Flint.
In miami, my mom went without power for a month.
@ChelseaClinton  Do you really think they are not working as hard as they can?  Stop critizing & GO HELP!
Can't imagine what it must b like 4 #PuertoRico #USVI devastated by hurricane, then feel abandoned by US & #45 says everything's going great
Once #GOP is out in 2018, we need to make statehood a priority. It's overdue.

#PuertoRico #MillennialsVote2018
Rick Snyders Michigan
Republicans think it's fine because...brown people. #PuertoRico
There's also this...  
I try my best to design new and creative.
In Fiverr...
Glad you went to see for yourself, Senator. Given your feedback, tell us about the plan you propose to improve the situation.
Then do something please you the rest of the Senate and Congress have the power you all can help and please do so
Thank god you lost Timmy it's an Island the entire power grid was destroyed 25% by next month is YUGE!! SMH
Flint?
I love my country but I am embarrassed by our present government.
No where. Take the power from trump tower he can afford it. I'm embarrassed for our country because of #potus
It's because he doesn't believe that they are Americans.  WRONG!!!
The naked racism of potus toward the AMERICAN citizens of Puerto R is matched only by the racism of mainstream media ignoring their plight.
So, Tim, what have you done for them since elected?  I'll wait! #POTUS will not abandon them like you all have the last 16 years! #MAGA 
@realDonaldTrump @FEMA_Brock
@realDonaldTrump  No where else Mr. Kaine...President is only worried about football games and insulting people via twitter
Senator please don’t forget the #USVirginIslands #usvi. We have a similar power restoration percentage. All three islands impacted.
We know Timmy, PR relied on broken power grid before the hurricane.  USA is always helping those with their hands out and PR is being helped
Your a fool, total infrastructure doesnt get rebuilt over night or in a couple of weeks! Thank God you never made VP!
How is this acceptable..
Masked and armed with rifles: Military security firms roam streets of San Juan
Any state that did not vote for Trump I guess 
In the minority neighborhoods of large metro areas?
It's only acceptable were mediocrity is accepted!!!
Flint, Michigan apparently
And it went down back 8-10%
Senator - there are companies in the US that have restored power to millions within a couple weeks.  Are they in PR? @CNN @marcorubio
What % would be acceptable at this stage of total infrastructure rebuild?
No where and nothing’s being done about it and the media is under reporting while the #FakePresident golfs his ass off #wefuckinghatetrump
Not acceptable anywhere as it shouldn't be in PR. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ?? #HelpPuertoRico
Power isn't the only big issue please see @LucianRandolph TL there has to be a way to co ordinate help with #JasonMaddy and his team to 1/
Bring supplies and water to these devestated people #Trump & Fema is lying see videos please
That's how we accept to be treated like second class citizens.
The Native American reservations!
tell us how to help, march on Washington!! Save our fellow Americans!!
Flint Mi. Comes to mind.
The state owned Power Co in PR is bankrupt from the crooks running it.  Just like our Congress huh. Yes, please send them more  money! ASAP
Flint, Michigan
Chicago
If Hillary had picked  good candidate instead of you we probably would not have the problem now!
Maybe Flint?
I was without power for 17 days in Fort Lauderdale after Wilma, Tim..thats in Florida, Tim..Obama was President, never even came to Florida.
Damn those facts getting in the way again.
Flint, probably
It's not! Please do something about that subhuman roaming the people's White House. He isn't worthy of the honor. He makes a mockery of it.
Amen!
But Trump insists he has done ‘all he can’ to help... By tossing towels, taking pictures then flying away to tweet about how great he did.
#EPIDEMICS HAVE BROKEN OUT ALL OVER #PUERTORICO  I TWEETED #WHO
PLEASE TWEET #WorldHealthOrganization SEND A VIDEO From Volunteers in #PUERTORICO ➡︎#EPIDEMICS⫸ BREAKING OUT https://twitter.com/DavidBegnaud/status/917839263445716992 …
Anywhere the utility doesn't have the benefit of mutual aid, whereby significant damage in one's turf is repaired with help from the others.
Flint?
According to the font of all lies @potus things were going swimmingly well with recovery on Puerto Rico.
Nope! @fema says PR is in great shape and MSM and the Mayor are lying. What gives?
One could make the argument that answer to your question is, ahem... Flint, Michigan
@realDonaldTrump is operating at 25% brain function... other 75% made up of hate.
Waive the Jones Act! #JonesAct
In Trumps America? Anywhere that strikes his fancy. 
Seriously Senator Kaine, hasn't he proven himself unfit?
It is not acceptable.  It is evil.  The POTUS has failed.
Maybe instead spewing divisive remarks why talk abt helping. I doubt all those FEMA works are not helping and lying around on the beach.
Please run for president in 2020. That is if mental case hasn't destroyed us if someone insults him.
Nigeria
Hmmmm. New Orleans?
It is an island subjected to a category 4 storm.  There are going to be challenges.
What are YOU doing about it?
Those people just want everything done for them!
Please talk about US Virgin Islands as well. They are just as desperate and feel completely forgotten. What about them?
Don’t count on it with the people we have in office now!!
If this happened anywhere on the continental US there would be thousands getting the grid repair
Under the new administration is anywhere that the bulk of the population is Hispanic or black I'm sure the Racist-in-Chief chuckles when he reads these tweets
Well, if we are talking water, I would have to say Flint, Michigan.
Hey Tim Kaine ...stop politicizing this tragedy! You are  part of the problem not part of the solution
Mr. Kane PLEASE check on young black man beaten in Charlottesville now arrested for being beat up @ShaunKing HAS DETAILS PLEASE HELP. TY
What about Virgin Islands? I haven't heard a peep. No support.
What would you have done differently after a devastating hurricane rocked your island?
No where else! Only in PR because sadly we are considered  & looked upon as 2nd class American citizens unworthy of being fully American
Any place in the country where the majority of residents are people of color. What has happened to us?
Tim. Cant you help get him OUT? Whats it gonna take?
Um, Hawaii? Because the same logistics issues exist?
Its a shame that members of Congress had to travel to PR to see the truth of the situation.
it is today.  Maria only put everybody on notice.
and unattended infrastructure, mismanagement of funds, and a corrupted union where the cat 5 hurricanes that left PR in the situation it
We are not at 15% with power.  It is a lot lower than that.
Now its easy to blame some one el se, why didnt Obama In his 8yrs did something to help Puerto Ricos debt. Now  Trump is bad with 9 month.
do not play politics with this issue. The situation of the electric power authority is to some extend a self inflicted wound. Outdated and
Senator Kaine, I am very grateful for your concern and recent visit. I am very proud of my citizenship and my Nation, but please...
If theyre polítics  have been wizer, they could have invested In those fields  so damaged like electricity,they only got the country poorer.
How many working suggestions did you make to @ricardorossello to improve this horrific situation? How many firms did u call to help?
Guam perhaps, indigenous reservations certainly, Canada is dragging its feet on safe water into years.
They are worthless to the US. Karma is a bitch and hands out a very big bill in life! It is truly nauseating! What a shame!!!
The USVI? Hawaii?
The percentage of people with power went down significantly today. We need help.
Agreed!! Thanks for speaking up about this - don't stop!!
Ask the homeless they're everywhere. Look Puerto Rico is fucked, as long as #ElTrumpo is the #POTUS we're all fucked. We must #ImpeachTrump.
Please help! What is happening with FEMA - evolve and create a plan to save lives not kill them!
Flint, MI 
PR should declare independence. #PRexit
Harlem?
With all due respect sir, many on GuamUSA were w/out power for 6 months after Typhoon Pongsona-the USA needs to treat its territories better
Well why don't they? Are people not trying? Why does flint  still have brown water? Etc
New Orleans.
Back to 8% today !! Power failures continues !
No other place at all.  #PuertoRicansAreAmerians #SavePuertoRico #TrumpsKatrina
Flint, Michigan?
@RodEccles DUMP @realDonaldTrump says he's done a great job in Puerto Rico and I suppose you agree with him, Truth?
Well DUMP @realDonaldTrump Tim is asking a very good question??? DUMP jr @DonaldJTrumpJr where would that be a GREAT JOB on the Continent??
This is totally unacceptable. What's the delay. I thought 45 could fix anything.
How long before the battery[s] arrive?
How many had power before hurricane?
It is awful!!!!
Thank you for going & the Honest update.
Anywhere that doesn't support Herr Trump.
Easiest way to tweet @ Senate-2 clicks 2 send pre-written SOS 4 #PuertoRico https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CeHG0qe3Hd5Mtjf3Hk49MIpmTD6w9CNLMo74zlmvpFE/htmlview#gid=0 …
Or give2
https://hispanicfederation.org/unidos 
Share!
#POTUS101 @realdonaldtRump IF U want credit/praise 4 doing a good job, 1st U have to DO a good job. #TheResistance #Indivisible #Revolution
At some point, you have say "We are working night and day. Sleeping only 4-6 hours" "Send good ole Tim Kaine with his toolbelt and gloves"
Nowhere.
Flint  Michigan 
Flint, Michigan
Are you sure because our President said everything is up and running
Try the #USVI. They have been without power for longer but no one seems to care. #LoveForLoveCity
What can we do. Talking is great but action really works. Have we talked to @elonmusk ?
@timkaine  ever hear of New Orleans?
Apparently Flint Michigan...
Read Germany is helping rebuild our power grid. Why don’t we have SeaBees helping w/infrastructure? Why aren’t helicopters air dropping food, water & meds to hard hit rural areas? Why hadn’t FEMA authorized choppers? PR is 135 mi from Fla.

Power off at the White House #AdultDayCare for 60 sec would have the #toddler chucking a #tantrum
You should have been Vice President. We mourn over the last opportunities, and the sufferings faced under a callous admin today.
If speeding restoration of power in Puerto Rico is goal, pass a law requiring them to accept mutual aid @timkaine
It is very difficult to assist someone rebuild the power grid when they refuse assistance. Utility mutual aid has worked in TX&FL @timkaine
Mainland US relies on this cooperation to quickly restore power. @timkaine
Anywhere that the population can't vote fo the President .. who  allocates scarce  resources. This iisssue is so simple it's ridiculous
Hawaii.   Hurricane Iniki.  It took 4 weeks to restore 20% of Kauai power.  Just saying.
Trump has no use for them as they don't vote.  He really could not care less
In the WH
Where residents only pay 6% income tax!!!!
