miss you and Hillary. Try again in 2020 !
TRUMP COMMIE LOSER! YOUWILL BE INVESTIGATED NEXT! 
LMAO. You are so irrelevant. Just go away.
Tim Kaine is an intelligent, dedicated honorable man.  You, on the other hand, voted for a TRAITOR.
No. I voted for the President.
a traitor and a loose cannon.  But its ok we see your not intelligent enough to know better
Yea. Calling me stupid is going to change my mind completely! You are so smart! Keep it up Traci!
So you just like to go around publicizing your hatred for Trump and bigotry for Trump supporters. So Tolerant!
now go cry to someone who cares snowflake
we need to get rid of the current admin first and put you and Hillary in office, where you belong
Let's find a President who is not mentally ill.
OH WE HAVE ONE.PRAISE GOD NOT HILLARY CHILD TRAFFICKING BLOOD DINNER OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE, TREASON DEVIL
Somebody (Beverly) needs to step away from crackpipe.  Didn't happen.  #delusionalfacts
I lived in VA for a while; you were a disappointment then and continue to be:whatever we have % better than you and the Bag Lady
you know all about being a disappointment don't you?
If it means I didn't get to be irresponsible:trophy for showing up:or useless politician;yep you nailed me! #MAGA
impeach
yes couldn't agree more. Thank you for standing against Puzder
Fantastic @timkaine
You remind me of my under-the-table dog praying for someone to drop a scrap. Who do you want for Labor Secretary #Hillary?
Jane, it's not tims fault that trump keeps picking shit heads. Trump treason is spreading. Daily.
you go Tim!  We support you. Investigate!
now we need to get trump Russia investigated #Impeach
shut up
it's too bad we couldn't find an Education Secretary who supports public schools!
value your viewpoint. Would b interested in reading your  writings/editorials
you're a right winger like Hillary. Step aside for the Bernie wing
GO AWAY,SEX ISLAND CALLING YOU TO PICK UP KIDS FOR TRAFFICKING
that was proven to be a fake news story. BY FLYNN who just got asked to resign. Your ignorance is crazy.
#delusionaltroll
not you Shelly.
Yes
and #voteNO on #HJRes40
@washingtonpost You aren't for working people. You are for taking my taxes & supporting those that collect govt checks every month
GO AWAY
you do not support anything American, not even our Constituition,   President Trump will do fine, socialism died with obumer
You lost the caps lock button.
I am so glad you lost
I value your input.  Tweets good. Interested in reading your political views.
thank you Sen for fighting for your constituents! Keep going!!
Can't get a Dem for the job. The Dem will sell out for personal gain and not the nation in heart. The Obama/Clinton Admin Scams.
I wonder when your party will figure out the main stream America doesn't care about pronouns or bathrooms. Keep it up we will win.
You do,  or you wouldn't bring it up with no prompting.
@DshlTamara Let's get people who care about their agencies not tear them apart. No selling, drilling or building National Parks.
Nice job!
need to find a president who likes Americans while we are at it
@xeni they gave you this so you’ll back off trump.
@Oprah this one's for you
here's a thought, go away, you are no one!
supports working people AND donated to Trump's campaign?  Might be tough.
@xeni We'll need a different president #StillWithHer
Too bad Oprah didn't have the rest of the wives of the newly appointed swamp dwellers on tape!
YAS KAINE
good luck.  DT will no doubt choose someone even more odious
labor secretary for working people like Tom Perez
Yes Indeed @timkaine
thank you and the other Dems. who have stood up to those self absorbed Repugs. As a Catholic you know that greed is one of the sin
I  Agree! I'm "HAVING A DREAM/VISION" w/in nxt 6 mo. my ALL4Senators & Congressmen/ will beso Trump Elect Nullified Blimp
We need to expose Bannon & the rest of the band now, too! Thank you for your efforts! Need to stop this disregard for Constitution
I kinda blame you and hills for this debacle.  Bernie should've been selected for VP and we would've voted for her.
@PrincessBravato I'm not American or anything but I'd appreciate it if you guys found someone else to be president.
@PrincessBravato @potus @realDonaldTrump How about we find a president who supports working people first. Not just billionaires.
@PrincessBravato not very optimistic with who the idiot in chief installs.
yet somehow Devos bribed her way into office. Ah well, small victories.
How about the Union Buster of WI!? The Chief Cheese Head- One @ScottWalker 
Thank you Sen. Kaine. We do need Labor Sec who supports working people.
@thinker128 How about we use our energy to impeach Trump?
we need to find a new President first. No more nominees till an investigation is completed. Impeach him now.
@suekhi There aren't any republicans that support working people. Might be able to find one that doesn't beat women though.
Says the right to work Senator from Virginia.
@merylnyc where is pushback vs another wife beater #bannon
Thank You, Tim!!... We Miss You - Wish You Were President!!...
I will do it. 25 yrs in HR. But I might want a different boss.
how about getting Tzar Trump out
@vpardi 
Hope is not a strategy. Investigating WH/Russia engagement is.
Thank You, Tim!!... Puzder was a BAD choice - Only Trump would nominate an Anti-Labor-WACKO to run a department that is PRO-Labor!
Great work!
good luck with that.
It's like we cud have had another Anita Hill situation cuz former Illinois US Sen Carol Mosely Braun benefited from ts & #dejavu!!
Thank you Senator Kaine. I am proudto have voted for you as Senator and for you and Hillary.
thank goodness
I'll do it
good luck with that if Trump picks another one
let's find a President who supports America
as a constituent I am asking you to vote NO on Pruitt. And no on any gutting of the EPA!
Thank you for your support of those you represent instead of the lining of your own pocket
and vote against Pruitt
keep up the good work
@preacherwife196 I'm still waiting for you to become our vice president!!!! Get ready House of Cards is falling!!!
Tim, I'm sure you will fight any nominee no matter what. You would fight Hillary for Labor Sec to get some money. Stay a loser.
Thank you Tim Kaine!!
Wish we could have make the same inroads with DeVos and Sessions
agreed
@MikeOkuda Not going to happen as long as Trump is in office. 
Mr Kaine we need u to help us fight this fascist administration.
Y don't support working folks. Yr goal is to create Serfs of US poor. Forever dependent, forever Dem. Bad schools= lost people.Sad
troll
thanks for working for us!  He was a bad choice for the workers of this country.
Let's find a PRESIDENT with a thicker skin, and who knows what the fuck she/he is doing!
I think you got it right on the first pronoun:)
Stay strong democrats! Fight for each and every election!
May I recommend Deborah Burger President of the national nurses United would be a wonderful labor secretary
Thank you Senator Kaine. Please resist the incompetent and unsuitable candidates. Also we need an investigation of ties to Russia.
let's impeach trump and investigate Russian ties
Thanks for all you do!  Now to get rid of Pruitt!!
Now... about that SCOTUS nominee. He's no good.
my dear, can you get involved with the investigations on the administration? The Russia thing is the most important
I'm sure you will be consulting the MIC for recommendations.
@jcr914 yes.
Sadly, in a handful of years our incoming workforce won't be smart enough to get a job, w/ @BetsyDeVos in charge! @BetsyDeVosED
Yes. And keep focus on Russia.
We want an Independent investigation now.
@ good
Let's? who is looking for the labor sec?
Not Your job. You lost, remember.
It's his job,  he's supposed to decide whether or not nominees are up to snuff. #TrumpCantRead
fingers crossed but can't say I'm holding my breath 
thank you!
Now let's focus on a formal independent investigation of #TreasonousTrump and his Russian collusions #DworkinReport #ImpeachTrump
we appreciate u, Tim.  
Eisenhower did, not impossible @JJohnson2u
oh come on why you didn't said the same about Devos, sessions or mnunchi ?
arent you proud of yourself by not be calling out for unity. i dont understand this agenda of encouraging violent protesting
if Hillary  would have done any of this they would already be on their tenth hearring. Lock him up!
thank YOU for continuing to fight for VA
@plsimpeach No more anything until investigations have been completed. Please, our nation's safety on the line. Priority #1
FOCUS ON THE RUSSIAN CONNECTIONS!!! #impeachment
. With the bozo who's in charge,  good luck with that. What about his taxes?
Full court press!
@MimiLeroch  A big amen
Thank you Tim Kaine
is Herman Cain busy?
unfortunately with Trump in office that will never happen
now we oppose Pruitt.
Unfortunately he will just find someone else who should not be running the Dept. they are going to head. Just like the rest.
Keep it up Tim Kaine! We need you!
Yes, we won this skirmish. Do not make the mistake of misleading on the scope and length of those fight. Many battles in this war
Now let's fight to see Trump's tax returns!
actually I really hope you and other Dems are going to PUSH for hearing regarding Russian/Trump ties.  This goes higher than Flynn
.@timkaine Like you'll support anyone #Trump puts out there... What a tool you are! And it's beginning to show...
Thank you Senator for fighting the good fight. It's a significant victory for the American ppl.
@MimiLeroch "Lets"? Chances are it will just be another scumbag that will need another light shown on him!
What, another Uniion Activist?
My heart & prayers goes out to all our fellow Democrats during this difficult process of our country.  Always stand 4 the ppl...
Except nearly every cabinet pick reeks. Lets at least find folks who are qualified for the job for which they're nominated!

And ABORTION! Right #CreepyKaine?
Good work, keep up the pressure.
when do we get a independent investigation
A Labor Secretary who isn't anti-labor. What a concept! We have Worst Cabinet ever but at least we won't have Puzder.
Thank you thank you thank you for your hard work!
you should be deported to the Antarctic but the penguins don't want scum who won't respect democracy.  Were u elected POTUS?
You thing penguins respect democracy?  They have emperors.
@deejay90192 Thank you for standing up for us!
Congratulations, Tim. Good work!
Senator, you need to start thinking about 2020
I knew there was something special about you beside your
smile.
Working women USA!
Oprah. Thank Oprah. Lord knows everyone else is scared to stop this madness
.. he's going to nominate someone that was worst than the last guy.. come on we know their playbook by now.. hello remember Devos
Robert Reich! Bring him back :)
Tim that will not be possible with this administration       Keep fighting for our country
Also boycott Hardee's!
thank you for listening to us.  I just hope the republicans will do the right thing and investigate Trump/Putin
thank you Mr. McKaine for fighting to keep crooked nominees out.
Guess what Tim, you don't get to choose one because you lost along with half your party.
Thanks to you for your part 
go away, no one needs YOUR opinion.
yes!  The next nominee must fight for equal work for equal pay, no robots, raising the min wage, and ACA , union, our rights.
I  would  be happy if they could find people who  respect  the rule of law @AlwaysBlueinTx
in 2020!
NO! Now let's work on voting NO to all noms/bills to halt govt. NO business as usual under Trump. Investigate Trump/Russia, et al!
Just call a halt to it until we figure out what the hell is going on 
EXACTLY!!
Stop voting for Trump nominees, turncoat. We VA Dems will get rid of you & Warner if you don't start listening!
oh and who else will you find? Stop being petty. Your attitude will cause Trump like people to hold office.
I suspect T will double down and nominated someone worse just for spite.
And then there's Mnuchin--how many foreclosures did he oversee?  Does anyone care?  Certainly not GOP.
*supports paying working people 21st century wages
When are we shining a spotlight on Tillerson and HIS Russian connections?  How about DeVos and her ineptitude?
No senator, we thank you.
don't even dare run 2020. You will b crushed. #justicedems
you had enough characters left for that 'e' loser.
