TY. Today, even though I had 6-figure job, GOP is forcing me into End of Life b/c circumstances beyond my control devastated health/savings.
Prayers. Very sorry.
TY. Likely few months left b4 GOP impact slams all doors. Ironically writing w/ input of top Drs medical care book "Rush to Judgment" TM.
Wish there was something I could do. Please know so many will fight with all they have to stop this. Know you are thought of. Hold hope. 
Pick the right battle! If its not killed it is going to die anyways like my insurance already did. HSA option!!!!!!
No, you are just fighting because Trump got elected.....looser.

Please help us, I am in great fear of the future, as a full time caregiver for my beautiful mother, I am at a loss our country does not care
Thank you.
Should've been our #VP
@timkaine We need @TheDemocrats to fight extremely hard for all. Those who are sick, disabled gave everything. They need support, need you.
We're going to need that bulldog in you to manifest itself.
As the true V.P. you must knowingly act accordingly.
Such low ambition. The #ACA was designed by Republicans and is 11th out of 11 systems in a study of western healthcare systems. #DoBetter
What about the people who are paying double to protect the people you stand fore ?
thank you for your leadership. Just returned from 2nd fam/Germany. Universal healthcare. Better. #HealthCareIsARight
heard story from Canadian who said grandmother had 2 sit in hallway of hospital 4 3 days waiting 4 a room. Socialized medicine doesn't work.
2nd son born (also c section) Germany: bill 8000-- for care mother and son.
Thank you Senator Kaine
Thank you, from someone with chronic illness!
That is beyond cool of you, Rachel. I am one of those who are scared. So tell me what I can do to help you.
Never
Once saved what are your ideals to repair or fix the ACA that has affected Millions?
You are not technically my Senator but it sure feels like you are. Thank you for all your hard work!
Thank you & God Bless You 4 your #Bravery & efforts 2 #SaveACA 4 ALL who need it so desperately. It effects me & my fam & we R #Grateful 2U!
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Sir!
Grateful to you & all D senators & the R senators who aren't afraid to stand for their constituents over Wizard McConnell. 
Thank you Senator Tim Kaine for being there for the American people we appreciate it please make it happen for them
I wish you were our VP and Hillary was POTUS.
Thank you for fighting for Frankie!
Regarding repeal, certain they will.
Replacement with nothing for all certain.
Provide lies instead of truth certain.
Certainty is Taxation.
Thank you.  What are you doing to get russian mafia out of our white house?
Thank God for all of you who really care for the people!!!
In my mind, you're my VEEP!
Exactly what is wrong with you? Work together to avcomplish MAGA
Your president has not accomplished anything accept making America sick!
Thanks Tim!!
Thank you!
Fear, yup
50% of all births covered by Medicaid. Countless disabilities, the "able-body" recipient is a myth, statistically. 34% of children in VA06
If you want support from the People then there must be actions against the travesty of Citizens or everything is just lip service.
fear is what you live on ! Its not gonna work! We the people have no fear with are new leadership.
Thank you, Senator
You are my senator&you need to vote 4 ALL ppl in your state!REPEAL this atrocity now!GOVT get out of my healthcare! #repeal #freemarket
Feeding the fear, Tim? What a hateful thing to do.  Typical liberal
totally imploding. Maybe read the bill next time around. @NancyPelosi is without any honor whatsoever.

All so that the most wealthy citizens get their tax break, for shame GOP! You and your pseudo Christians will share space in hell... 
Thank you Senator Kaine. We are terrified out here.
That's like saving the mosquito.
Then speak out loud & clear, let us hear that
Thank you
Explain what is there to save? High rates, high deductibles that make plans unusable, limited options, doctors that don t take it. #partyBS
Thank you Senator Kaine. I so wish you were our VP. I really like you and how you approach the world with respect and humility.
Thank you. Pediatric medical biller and mom. So many children & parents affected.
Thanks Senator. I'm also a parent of two boys with Autism. I really thank you being my voice and their voices.
Starting with your son
And just exactly what, besides NOTHING are you doing
Simply, thanks
Thank you Senator as a parent of a son with Autism and Epilepsy who relies on Medicaid for care!
Thank you for being vocal and diligent.  It's much appreciated.
Thank you for what you have been doing. We need to work on making sure our voting situation cannot be hacked again so we can beat the GOP.
Thank you....I wake up terrified every morning! 2 extremely rare diseases, COPD, Emphysema, fibromyalgia, collapsed stent in heart & no EM
Sen. pls remind ppl just how many senior citizens live in nursing homes that NEED Medicaid to remain in place
Those in Medicaid for a disability or because of pregnancy, will not lose it. Have you read the bill, or oppose it because it's Republican?
Thank you Senator! Please keep fighting and so will we.
Thank you please help us
Keep up the Good Fight Senator Kaine. TY!
How about FIXING IT ! No DNC input. Just save #ACA. Without repair it will fail unfortunately for American Citizens. #FIXACA
Doesn't debate share ideas. Maybe dems should sit down with Rep and start sharing ideas to fix this mess
thank you. thank you.

And where is the $$$$$ going to come from, the trees in the rose garden?
Thank you! #hemomom
You lost again
And piss on those who who have seen their healthcare costs go up over 100%.
Thank you, Senator. Please keep fighting the good fight. I appreciate your tenacity!
Not #SaveTheACA but #FixTheAca !!!!
Thank you but there's only so much we can do.
Thank you Senator Kaine. Keep fighting for Virginians and all Americans
maybe your fellow Sen would give up their  great insurance as you fight to #saveACA ... ask  them for us ok ...
#McCain is so angry about dying he decided to take 23 million Americans with him. #NowTrumpsHero sick man stealing healthcare
NONSENSE.  If you think it's ok to give your tax $$ to big ins CO and nothing in return. INS. CO don't need to be bailed out.
Thank you Senator, you are appreciated more than you know.
Giv'em hell Tim. Logic isn't going to do it, impeachment will
Thanks Tim!! Keep telling us what to do to support you and your efforts!
I'm sick of hearing "one payer" won't work
@timkaine 
What the hell (pardon me) is Medicare
or TriCare-most Vets-2 Mil on Medicaid 
Thanx
What is the population of the U.S.. There is not enough $$$$$ to make single pay work. There was nothing wrong with ins before ACA
One of them is me.
Thank you Senator Kaine
Thank you @timkaine! Don't let this happen to the nation, it's such a step backward for so many people.
Save it so no more have to die. My sister died this year from a treatable condition (diabetes). She couldn't afford insurance. We miss her.
Thank you sir, we stand with you !
What no one is saying is this man stole the election - actually rigged votes and weaponized info. Still he is allowed 2 do this. Wake up
Hillary chose wisely when she made you her choice.
Good. Who are you reaching out to, since the GOP has shut all reason out from the discussion.
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Thank you.  Keep fighting for us.
Is dental covered under your personal plan?
Guessing since I'm disabled, I should just be led out behind the barn now huh? At least make it quick for me.
People should know in blunt terms that keeping & fixing ACA isn't just a moral fight but a bare knuckle effort to save thousands of lives.
Democrats just don't get it. Middle America hate Obamacare. Can't wait till midterms. Bye bye democrats.
Thank you Senator Kane!  Fight for us!!!
Thank you Tim! We are extremely fearful right now! We are a special needs family! Glad your there!
Hey Tim, ACA really sucks for us.  Premiums went from $600 to $1600.  Why don't we matter to you?
http://amp.usatoday.com/story/480446001/ …
Thank you. #804love
Why are taxpayers paying for his self gratifying trips to his rallies?!
STRIKE THE #GOP DOWN BY #VOTEBLUE ACROSS THE BOARD. SEND THEM HOME.
They can plan all they want. They have been doing that for eight years and came up with the same hollow conclusion. #GOP take clueless road.
I'm scared to death-12 yrs w/out insurance bcs of preexisiting conditions- the ACA came and saved my life. Now the GOP wants to take it away
thank you!
Thank you. You are a bright light for my family during these dark times.
Thank you Senator!
I hope you were able to explain to the folks attending the Wise County free health clinic last week why they have no Medicaid. #SaveACA
Fight hard, Senator. The people need you.
Please don't save Obamacare. i'm paying 14,160 for 1 person before ins comp pays 1 cent! It's killing me!!
Repeal the ACH. Pay for your own health insurance
thank you
Thank you Senator. 
Pg 3 @timkaine will @POTUS be willing to pay w/his millions the rx not covered,the pre exist conditions? Will he care whether we live or die
Pg 2 @timkaine This new plan could mean no or limited coverage. Pls fight for us. We need help esp those suffering w/illnesses.
This year I lost coverage 2 multiple rx prescriptions esp 1 needed 4 my transplant. I fear greatly 4 what's 2 come. Last yr 1 rx was 12,000.
GOP tax reform (read HUGE TAX CUTS for top 1/10th of 1%) isn't about improving/providing healthcare; gets $1 Trillion tax cuts w/50 votes!
We are pushing Repeal to save every kid, parent, senior, disabilities, grannies, drunk grandpas, goofy cousins & dead Dem voters!
Thank you! I am honestly afraid my life as I know it will be over w/ Trumpcare. I am a senior & a person w/a disability. #StillTooYoungToDie
For a long over due time in our nation we are finally gaining control over Healthcare. Doctors care should have never been in politics !!!
Thank you, Tim! Virginia loves and supports your hard work!
So disappointed in Senator John McCain. So sorry he has cancer but apparently he doesn't feel sorry for others who have cancer
Right!
I would be dead today if ACA had not come, and my son who I raised alone from 3yrs old would be with no one.#FixACA cause GOP is killing it
Thought you were in jail for terriost threats.
Kaine is propaganda trash !!!
Thank you. I'm losing faith in our leadership, but actions like yours help.
Thank you so much from a disabled person
Thank you!
Hey Tim! ACA does kill people. It happens despite it not being reported. It happened in my family in March. So, don't lecture. Just shut up!
thank you for your hard work.  We need you.
-a parent of a special needs child
Thanks @timkaine   I really need the ACA to live on. Recent Virginia retiree. Still on state Ins. just went up $61. Total cost $784 month 
Please try and be positive and work on solutions. People will forgive you about colluding with @HillaryClinton #maga
Thank you, Senator, this is the right thing to do, let's save #SaveACA and make it better.
Thank you and know that your efforts are very much appreciated.
Please talk to the 2 idiot senators from Nebraska. They have no clue on what will happen to their constituents if shame of bill Getz passed
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Tim its politicians like you who have peoole living in fear. You can't even get your numbers correct and you have no clue what it will cost
Tim, you are still drinking the kool aid, u know that obamascare is a failure, suck it up
THANK YOU SENATOR KAINE!
True, we are #saveACA
You should think about the people who can't afford insurance anymore because of ACA.
Thank you Sen Kaine for fighting for Virginia's healthcare. Keep on fighting and we will too.
You ever think that ACA is a disaster and isn't the only answer to healthcare? Probably not since you're a senator you don't fall under ACA.
It hasn't been a disaster for me!  I've kept my sight and my life because of the ACA!
Glad to hear it worked for you. Still want to know why Senators are exempt is it's so good.
Please make them see Bridget a #PACS1  child who defines preexisting and the need for Medicaid
OMG, go hide in your hole somewhere! . What about the millions that can't afford health insurance?  Money in your pockets the worry warts!
VOTE in '18... Give it back to Dems... Obama can run again in '20
Maybe you could think about repeal and replace so everyone gets a good deal! What about people's premiums the tripled under ACA? #MAGA
How can we help?
thank you.
Thanks for fighting for us
What ACA. High rates fewer drs. Fewer plans. It will go bust.
Keep hanging on to that fear emotion...always works!
Thank you!
No you aren't. You would repeal Obamacare if you were honest. It's a total disaster.
You will become one of Americas hero if you can save ACA.
Thank you, #SenatorKaine! #SaveACA
Thank you, but it's also anyone with middle-low income that doesn't have insurance from their employer!  We need you!!!
For the love of all that is good about USA...the GOP has to go..please help the citizens..they sure do not plan to
You're fighting - that's nice - we need you to get out there like @SenWarren and really lay out what the #KochPuppets are doing to the US
Protip: identity first language is better for brevity, and generally preferred by the disabled community. Thank you for fighting!
Thank you @timkaine from this parent, and her disabled adult daughter
Is there any hope to get the same healthcare government has?
You are the best Tim Kaine! Thanks for fighting for the little guy and gal.
Thank you @timkaine for fighting for Shannon Linford and all our vulnerable kids in Virginia and in the U.S.
THANK YOU!!!
Thank you from Hanover. My daughter was born with Marfan Syndrome and now is epileptic. Without Medicaid, we couldn't begin to help her.
Thank you.  Fight like hell!!!
I am scared to death if this vote goes through
Thank you Senator Kaine. I believe you are the only voice I have there. I want to keep my insurance I get through the ACA.
Keep fighting for us
Thank you.  I live in VA so all my congress people are democrats. I don't know what more I can do.
Better yet fix the over regulated pharma industry, price of care & put the political elite under the same laws & rules as the rest of us!
ACA is a disaster and you own it. #Titanic failure.
Start writing amendments for consideration!!! Thank you!
