@timkaine oh wait you want to work together for illegals but not for Americans? That's part of why I voted against you for governor of VA!
Excellent point we're together for the illegals but couldn't do anything for US citizens natural or not RE: Healthcare
Thank you @timkaine for being outspoken on this issue! You make Virginians very proud!
Virginia may be proud, but America is ashamed. @timkaine #DACA
The country is very ashamed of Trump. Corrected it for you.
Its not my correction. I am not ashamed of Trump. #maga 
That's because you're a racist.
Who's racist?
Look into the OT ceiling rollback.
Then you plan to farm the crops?  Lol! I bet.
Sorry sweetie. I'm afraid it's up to people like you who want to kick the farm workers out. I suspect you're too weak.
Get your foolishness out into the fields and pick some lettuce. It's not gonna pick itself.
What's heartless is Americans being murdered by illegals and govt protecting illegals over its citizens.  About time to put Americans first!
Why do you over dramatize everything the President does
someone hasn't read the book 
You're such a weak minded Senator.  Proof anybody can get elected.
Congress should have been getting busy a long time ago.
Fund the wall, get it built, end DACA (Not needed then) #Dreamers actual KIDS here AFTER the wall/REFORM is done. Fine. See how it works?
Tim, you're a Senator. It's up to you guys to fix Obama's illegal action. You just dumped it in Trump's lap. He wasn't involved.
From Jan 2013 to Sep 2017, Kaine missed 28 of 1,347 votes(2.1%.)  Worse  than      median 1.4%  lifetime records of current senators
Maybe you haven't noticed Tim Congress does nothing immediately
Obama's executive order was illegal. However, this is a real problem we should solve in a bipartisan fashion. Through congress.
It was not illegal! It was never struck down. So you are misinformed. #Trumps GOP Is feeding you BS.
This is essential. And get US corporations to put pressure on the GOP. They won't want to lose their employees to this either.
Funny.  ICE raided an electronics company in Alabama a few years ago and deported 900 illegals.  The next day, 3000 AMERICANS showed up
Heartless of Obama to pass an illegal unstable act making Dreamers forever vulnerable. Cruel of Congress to have not fixed it in 5yrs.
Everybody know Dems hate the Constitution and live to destroy it every chance you get. DACA is another Unconstitutional Obama Overreach.
Your son is a thug why would we believe you since you failed as a parent
As you should.. Do your job Senator and stop sitting on your hands
Just heartless asking members of Congress to do their job.
JFC Congress isn't ICE, nor is it the judiciary.
Cut the "heartless" bullshit. Obama created this problem with an illegal exec order. Trump solved the problem by returning decision to legis
Loser Kaine!  You should have introduced bills during Obama's tenure..like 09-11 when you had majority in both..but apparently U didn't care
DACA was illegal, but congress must work together to protect those brought to this country due to no fault of their own.
Average age of "dreamer" is 26 and average stay is longer than 7 years.  Need to stop pretending this is about kids.
Do you serve a purpose or purposely serve?
Tim Kaine ,  neither.
Congress should have addressed after the initial executive order.  Isn't that your job.
Is this your way of lashing out at @BarackObama who made it very clear that this was TEMPORARY or is it only bad if Republicans say it?
If everyone would calm down and wait to get all the information before they react they might find out that Dreamers might be getting help.
Heartless, my a$$. If your idol BO had done it right, it wouldn't be a problem unnecessarily taking POTUS' time to fix.
someone hasn't read the cover 
Get to work and make it the law if you want it. I know you were depending on illegals to help you win last fall but it blew up in your face!
Arent they illegal, yes or no???
Lets have some white people go to Mexico and see how they give us welfare, or hire english teachers
Putinbot
Why is it heartless; he is making it possible for them to stay legally, acting in best interest of all. Initial EO expired.
Heartless?!Do you actually  have no idea how much of a financial he the U.S. government is in?!(Thanks Obama!) We can't afford that charity!

Don't act like Trump's heart wasn't in this decision. It just so happens that his heart was for the American people. Stop virtue signaling.
They had 5 yrs to get legal and didn't.  Now they have 6 mos. Follow the LAW!
.@timkaine DACA is unconstitutional and needed to end, YOU KNOW THAT. Why didn't Obama work with Congress to pass something?
Not unconstitutional- educate yourself.
Even Barry admitted it was.  Lol.
#DoYourJob Congress! #MAGA
, Senator, it is the Lawmakers heartless inability to pass this as law to protect them . You have had since 2012, get it done.
No Amnesty. None. Deport deport deport.
Fix it ! Tired of Democrats and republicans using the Latino community as a bargain chip ! We will vote in 2018 again ! We will remember!
"Fifteen Senate Democrats, + democratic socialist named Bernie Sanders, voted against a carefully crafted immigration bill in 2007" WP
Why did you leave our Bernie's reasoning? Did you even take the time to look at that pork/lard filled bill?
It's heartless to tell you to do YOUR job? You sound like a spoiled child flipping off his parent for having to clean his own room.
Sen. Kane why don't you have a talk with you son before he joins ANTIFA and becomes a complete left wing thug.
Why are democrats always on the wrong side of the law?  Wait, I forgot...they don't respect laws and they obstruct justice. Look at Hillary.
Please ask @realDonaldTrump for his resignation! #ResignTrump
Heartless is liberals taking away from AMERICANS  and giving to criminal ILLEGALS.
DACA is URGENT must pass legislation ASAP, why wasn't Healthcare URGENT? AMERICANS hurting YOU/DEMS OBSTRUCT! No compassion for AM citizens!
You know what he wants tax breaks for the rich an that stupid expensive usless wall.he's dangling DACA like a carrot..deplorable
Aren't you a leader in congress? Isn't it your job to pass legislation #DACA.  Do your job.
Pass the #RaiseAct
It was Temporary! Please stop being fake by blaming Trump! If it's so good for the country then do your job!
Where's your son today?
https://twitter.com/LeahR77/status/905301442755522561?s=09 …

Americans Killed By 'Dreamers': 'What About My Daughter's Dreams?' http://dld.bz/gd3jF  @AmandaPresto 
Why so touchy? Is your wife's boyfriend a DREAMER or something?
Every legal immigrant of the United States should stand outside your house Tim
What's heartless is ignoring the law and allowing illegal to thrive. Follow the law. Ending #DACA is one reason Trump was elected fool!
don't worry about dreamers, start with your nightmare Antifa kid.
Would have likely overturned DACA immediately as it's not the President's job to make laws....and to think you were a VP candidate.
You mean the President's decision to let Congress do what it has failed to do.  There are three branches for a reason....the Supreme Court.
Pass the Dream Act and deny him the wall too! We all know he's trying to hold dreamers hostage for his stupid, hateful unnecessary wall!
. Your @BarackObama knew he was in violation of separation of powers. You, Congress makes law Thank God you lost. Executive enforces. Got it
Since when did being an American citizen become a right and not a privilege..
The entire county has been waiting for immigration reform since the 1980's. You think now is time to get working? Then maybe Trump did good.
Which was always the job of Congress.   Obama over stepped his authority.  Not heartless, appropriate.  It is Congress job.  Just do it
IMMEDIATELY!!!---YESTERDAY!!!
#DACA really needed a chng #Dreamers drop out of school started having bb n living frm a welfare ck n wrkng low wage jobs -is that a #Dream?
Is it a dream that Americans live off the government having babies by different daddies and live off welfare. Walmart eye care.8am to 5pm.
Like how the Honorable President Barack Obama wanted but @GOP blocked!!
As long as you approve wall and agree to reform illegal immigration, we can talk.
How about the future. BUILD THE DAM WALL. or it will never stop
Hey dumdum, Dems don't control the House or the Senate....so...
They dont belong here. Hope you lose in 2018. You, like Hillary, need to go
You are introducing the bill when?
Yes. Please scream it from the top of the WH. Love you Tim Kaine!!

It is time Congress did their job!!
Congress is supposed to PASS laws. Maybe you forgot that part.
Totally support Trump-so glad he is ending DACA! Dreamers all have plenty of family (&jobs, colleges, etc) in their home country to go to.
Nope they have to go back
The Latino vote is all you want. You do not care about them. They are quickly becoming replaced by Dems want 4 the Muslim vote. Shame on u
He's forcing you guys to work together! This isn't the kick it spot, you guys work for us! Stop fucking around and get some shit done!
You are so dopey
If #DACA or illegal immigration was popular, Hillary Clinton would be President.

We voted for Trump because we want an end to lawlessness.
OK. Be a part of the solution Senators. Calling all Senators. Where are you !!!!!!!
Call the bipartisan bill the Obama dreamer protection act so Trump has to sign it into law.

That is the whole idea bozo.  It was heartless for the Dem controlled Congress to refuse to do this when Obama wanted it.
REALLY, I DO NOT WANT THE TAX PAYERS MONEY GO TO THIS PEOPLE IDIOT
No, it was heartless to EO DACA when Congress should have done their job. Heartless is Americans without jobs because of illegals. BS is You
LMFAO your son is in antifa
Exactly! As it should have been done in the 1st place if it was considered to be a LAW. How long have you been in the #senate ?
Looks like your co-workers are having to work overtime. Between this and Impeachment you have your hands full.
Whatever it takes to stop this madman
King Donald the Mad will just veto whatever...

Was it a heartless act or was it a move to get congress to get off their worthless behinds to get something done in a lawful manor?
Always a voice of reason and integrity! Thank you!

Jump on their butts and get them moving
You almost look like the clown from IT.
Now that you mention it..yeh.  Seems like ya'll always have alot of spare time on your hands!Right....nothing to offer but resist
This needs to be the only thing worked on until it's fixed. Let everything else wait so that it's addressed now.
it took Trump to get you to be bipartisan...think about that for a second, let that sink in.  This is why i voted for him.
http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2016/08/donald-trump-model-management-illegal-immigration/ …  Trump violated immigration rules for his own modeling agency and models. Melania also violated rules. Above law?
Americans don't care about DACA.   We want Obama care repeal, tax cuts, infrastructure, the wall, Mueller gone and America
Why did you work together to end Obama care, to end Chicago black murders, to build the wall, tax cuts. No DACA, No amnesty. Former Democrat
Timmy, blame ur BOY BARACK for over stepping executive power by not allowing congress to do their job!
45 made that little imp Sessions give the coupe'de grais.   He was so nervous his lips stuck to his teeth and he had 2 take a swig of water
Lmao
Heartless is congress not passing a law. You have 6 months . Do your job
ok? Do your job.  That's exactly what Obama should have done instead of going around the law making process. I don't understand the problem.
Mitch McConnell doesn't want to work with you.   so what's the plan.
These innocents certainly need someone on their side.
THIS Congress do the right thing? Have you not been paying attention lately?
Congress needs to pass the Dream Act and impeach Trump!

Nope
Yeah a GOP CONGRESS....Not holding our breath......
Apple doesn't fall from the tree, go talk to your son about it. I'm sure he will have a well thought DACA plan, just like his father
Stand up for Hard Working Americans!!!!
Heartless 800thousand today 11 million in 10 years sorry but i dont want to foot the bill for illegals anymore!!
Your President & candidate did Zero & had NO ideas; fact you support Dreamers Act makes me 100% against it. New plan GOP! this one is DOA
Please do this. You need to fight the racist hateful Trump.
Yes it sure is "heartless" to follow the LAW!  But then you're a Democrat; not familiar with being law abiding.
Quit your wining Timmy, you & your pompous colleagues have had 8-years & 7 months to get Dreamer legislation done!  So be quiet!
EXACTLY! It's time for Congress to get to work...reach across the aisles and see what happens.
Trump ended Obama's illegal #DACA EO and asked you to do your job and fix it. So, shut up, quit complaining and get to work. For a change
Unbelievable! You hate the Laws of Constitution so much, and blame Trump for trying to follow them, just like Sherrif Joe. You're lawless!
Tim u know what is heartless? Ur son who is an #antifa member & criminal that riots and beats up innocent Trump supporters who are Americans
How long does it take for you to do your job. @potus is heartless because you failed? #truth
Means you have to do some work now.
Lots of ignorant people unaware the GOP House refused to bring forward bipartisan legislation passed in the Senate in 2013 or the DREAM Act
Yup. It's GOO fault.
You have 6 months...Now Get to Work...If DACA & Illegal Immigrants are such a priority...
How heartless is it to allow EO to be used as law...u r weak
It was Obamas heartless decision that got us here in the first place.All for votes.Pure http://evil.Legal  is what it should be!
In the wake of your heartless inability to not fix Obamacare for Americans who are suffering you need to have several seats.
I wish I believed that congress will do anything to help these children.
Children?  Look again.
How about the Congress do their job?!
And please do so with a veto proof majority.
Maybe we need DAATKCS. Deferred Action Against Tim Kaine's Criminal Son.
Great. While there, how about some tax relief and Obamacare relief for the Americans?  Got time for us?
#americafirst fool!
Hey VA citizens @timkaine can't get u healthcare/protect your freedom of speech but he is going to work hard to give your jobs to illegals.
Cool. Already got your campaign slogan for next election, free of charge: Americans LAST! Because anything else is just COLD and HEARTLESS!!
When are you and @SenatorCollins submitting your bill?
Tim, get off your ass and get to work.  If the DACA amnesty plan fails again in Congress, I guess it is the will of "We the People".
You mean ones brought here illegally.  Would you be willing to abolish birthright citizenship to keep DREAMERs here?
@MattMurph24 actually congress needs to start impeachment proceedings asap before he follows in Hitler's footsteps !!
How is giving Congress the authority to make this decision like Hitler?!  Obama acted like Hitler w/ his exec fiat!
YES.
One more proof that a heartless individual was elected to highest office, so sad

Thank you Captain Obvious
Get out of my state!
Their only mistake was to follow their parents to a land they did not choose
I did ask for them, don't want to pay for them and it is the illegal act of their parents. Daca was violating law! The End! Suck it up
Surprised he's for illegals and not upholding laws of USA and their citizens.....just look at his son compared to VP's.
Whatever happen to give me your poor and destitute, will USA go back to no immigrants? Time to give America back to Native Americans?
Tribes that were conquering each other before we got here, also migrated from somewhere else. USA was born & formed, laws are laws. RESPECT
How 'bouts an act to protect Americans from Congress ...CREAM...Congress Really Expends Alot of Money
Democrats should of known the law and the Constitution before making false promises that a pen and phone couldn't do.
Don't forget to keep the pressure up to fix the ACA
Get to work & stop crying. WORK WORK WORK You have 6 months. No time off till done! Period! Full Stop!
If he was heartless he wouldn't give congress time to fix it. Stop spreading fear and do your job.
That's the idea!  Trump gave a deadline to compel Congress to get busy and get it done!
Trump doesn't see 800,000 young people. 
He sees 800,000 democrats.
No he see's 800K law violators. But I see your point democrats=laws don't apply to them.
The presidents heartless decision? Your pathetic attempt to spin the facts reminds us why congress needs drug testing.
I've told you before twice, still ashamed you represent my state.  2018 coming . . .
All supporters of DACA should pay for them. I'm not! ILLEGALS DUH
I thought you have six months to come together. #gladyouarenotmyvp
You're so full of crap. This is back in congress hands where it always should have been. Your boi Obama acted unconstitutionally as usual
Wish you would take that response for real Americans
Should have done that from the start. You had a hand in this mess.
Enforcing the Law is Heartless? You are being payed by Legal Americans! It's time you work for us!
Another sorry decision from this senator
@MarcTNobleman perhaps it will lead to a working relationship to help get the other stuff done
Brah! Your son is a criminal.
