absolutely
AGREE!
And I hope you all stand your ground and VOTE NO!! They won't increase #MinWage lower premiums, just trash the 99% why don't you?
yes. #repairACA
NO ON #AHCA #AHCAfail
this man gets it! It CAN be improved! It doesn't have to be destroyed. #SavetheACA
I am not buying Obama care nor paying for peoples insurance. Period.
.@timkaine @KimberlyEndico5 I suspect Plan B when AHCA fails is to sabotage ACA some more.
#ryancare is as bad as #obamacare so your #spew is #pointless. #FullRepeal #politicalhack
Screw that neoliberal crapola! Medicare-for-All or BUST! @MamaBear64
#SaveTheACA
I'm with you, Senator!
Thanks Tim Kaine for standing by Americans. You would have made a great Vice President.

people need single payer. Jobs are not guaranteed any more.
jobs were never guaranteed.
yes. For my dad. Right to work means right to fire
He gonna get free money to.
Hope the Republicans know that including the on here in Virginia who doesnt seem to have our best interest at heart. Im thankful we have you
ACA does not work.  The lies are getting old
The #ACA does not work for ANYONE and that is why you passed it in the middle of the night under the cover of darkness #SadSack
the ACA doesn't work if people can't afford the cost or deductibles. There is not enough plans to choose from in the ACA.
While they sit in their back room,having to suffer Ted Cruz,playing their thumbs down crap,they ought to be made to watch video of sick kids
we need single payer like every civilized country has. Universal health Care a right.
ACA is awful for millions
.@timkaine If the DNC had allowed Bernie to be the candidate we'd be passing medicare-for-all - howev, this keeps you relevant so whatev
Trumpsters only heard REPEAL. The concept of improvement is far too complex.  It's ridiculous. Make America SMART again!
@GingerSottile Tim Kaine is such a nice guy. Really, he is. That's why Elizabeth Warren should have been Hillary's running mate.
single payer- no CEOs making tens of millions no VPs making millions everyone covered no shareholders to satisfy goal break even
I agree, Tim. This is a complex issue and the framework of ACA is workable...though it DOES need some improvements.
A good start.
very well said
you're really trying to sell the country on how good obama care is 
repeal do not replace.
@inresista1 EXACTLY! Don't thnk 4 1 min. tht was intnt @GOP was 2 improve care/lowr cost! Hv some oceanfrnt proprty 4 sale in AZ!!
MR. REAL VP....GOP/KKK Predator J Thief are devoid of empathy. Their ideology is 1of superiority, contempt, entitlement, privilege
No. Let's throw it into the trash heap of it's authors' legacy.
ACA is already broken.
@feathersnpaws #ACA needs2 stay, but deductibles & premiums unaffordable. Single Payer #UHC best option. InsCos/Pharma 2 powerful.
Mr. Kaine, respectfully, Congress needs to be on the same healthcare plan as citizens. Period.
As a Virginia resident who would be greatly hurt by the changes proposed I urge you to vote #NoTrumpCare
Constituents are watching

Did U sit down and help to improve it or just piss n moan about it? The latter I'm sure!
@TheAdvocateMag Call it Obamacare, people hate it. Call it affordable care act, people like it. Such ignorance is frightening.
that's a fraudulent statement- but what else would come out of a progressives mouth like yours
@TiGGyZTweetZ My daughter Annie McKee has Crohn's Disease. Healthcare for her is life or death! #Trumpcare kills!  NO on #AHCA
Agree!  Thank You, as always for your voice of reason!
then get in and fix it! Partisan games just hurt the American people
how about lets repeal ACA completely. You voted for ACA did you not? Are you to blame for it's faults?
Let's leave Obamacare until we get legislators in control of quality healthcare for all
Yes. Anything else is politics over people. #Trumpcare is not conservative and it is not compassionate.

yes ACA wrks 4 mny because someone else is paying mst or all of their bill. How bout those ppl that have to pay for their own ins?
Thank you Senator Kaine!  Making VA proud!
I'm in Virginia with 2 Democrat Senators and in a very liberal district with a Democrat Congressman. What can I do to stop this?
how about we propose a single payer system? Reps get their repeal and Americans get the health care system they actually want!
OBAMACARE= you don't get that it helps only peeps who ALREADY ARE GETTING GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE..
go away...your 15mins are up. You were nothing more than a feeble puppet during the election...
Improve what, its dead, there's nothing there to improve.
It's a job killer and only invented to pander for votes and for the Fed to control the people. Term Limits please!
I was about to call to make sure you are opposing #Trumpcare . Thank you for confirming. Glad you're one of my Senators!
NOT FOR ME OR MY FAMILY IT DOES NOT!!! EITHER WE EAT OR PAY PREMIUMS. NO CHOIICE NO HEALTHCARE AT ALL
Why are we vetting Gorsuch for lifetime seat when Trump under FBI investigation? We need to wait.........
Tim, we'd consider your comment if you hadn't already lost ALL credibility.
New bill allows insurers to simply not covers Healthcare. What can realistically be done when GOP wants us all to die.
thank for supporting the ACA.  We all need the protections afforded in this act.
aca is terrible.  emergency room visits way up.  prems and out of pocket way way up.  only good if you are poor and someone else is paying
