Such a great tweet!!!
He glides onto the dais like an escalator of gold
I want you grads to know that, it benefits to be bold
Keep one eye on the mirror, Lads...
Don't let them see you cry
& all the girls screamed, we've graduated, we've graduated
Don't mansplain, u probably thought Lads was inclusive
If only more DEMS were humane about executed healthy innocent unborn.  Is Tim Kaine the only pro life democrat there is? #abortionismurder
Love it.Sad but True.
 You gave me my best laugh today!
Grads are about to put their lives on the line for US yet Trump still can't stop making it about himself. PS he wanted to cut their funding.
Well sure, but think of all that money she saved them on the F-35s. 
*he (there needs to be an edit button)
Got my attention though  Assumed you were referencing Ivanka.


...really dude? You throw twitter shots just to stir people up
In briefing today he said "I did not collude with my campaign".  He has definitely lost it.  Sick in the head as we say here in W.Va.

Best tweet yet @timkaine
PRES RUMP, STOP THE POOR ME ALREADY! ! !
Did Tim Kaine just win Twitter?
Yes
Perfect response, Senator who should be VP.
And you're still not VP
Can't wait for 2018 c how much nonsense u will b tweeting #try working for the ppl not special interest.
Both commencement addresses were more about Trump than graduates. He ruined their special day.

I would of exited instead of listening to that dumbass!
Hahahahaha Trump's such a loser this is great!
evil people
Clever!
Thank you Sen Kaine for this tweet!  You summed it up nicely!
You are as big a jackass as @SpeakerRyan. Pass a balanced budget and stop wasting time tweeting like @POTUS
@timkaine FTW today in Twitter 
Guess he's forgetting that there are many  politicians that have been tortured or killed and that 3 of our part presidents were assassinated
good analogy haha very funny!
Is it better that somebody tells them to hit the streets protesting and rioting every time they don't get their way you hypocrite
Brilliant Carly Simon reference and you've hit the nail on the head with this too - he's a full blown narcissist
You are such a sore loser
All you got? Sounds like a broken record.
Awesome!!
it's only ever been about him!
Did he forget to mention the 1.3 billion he wants to cut from the CG the help pay for his wall.
very clever............and so accurate
LOL!!
@lindashoare Well done, Senator!

"Enough about me, what do you think of me in the Apprentice?" #MeMeMeAllAboutMe
Go away you fool
#genius
Well played, sir.
What a whining crybaby! Not to mention the plagerized speech this past weekend! His writers copied Legally Blonde script. Prob Kellyanne
Case study of NPD sufferer..
Did a real Senator really make such a funny and true Tweet?
It actually IS about the person graduating!!
It's too bad they had to listen to him, when it should of been about them on such a happy day.
Remember when someone lobbed a shoe  at GW? Just a suggestion...
Have a good life.  Bada bing Bada boom
@realDonaldTrump is such a whiner.
Trump's graduation ceremony remarks were so clearly all about Trump.
great Tweet!! #impeachTrumpnow @realDonaldTrump

JFK?
Trump was such a disappointment to the graduating class!
Textbook narcissist.
Lmao
Good one Sen Kane.

Who would have thunk you'd have these jokes?

You should be VP, not treasonous Pence.

Election was worst theft in our history.
The. Best.
Shade! 
They deserved better!
Lol!
Wish you were our VP. Such a mensch you are!
LMMFAO ... My kids would call this troll level expert
Oh @timkaine you make me proud to be a Virginian! That was awesome!
If only there were thought bubbles over the heads of those in attendance.  Lots of WTF?! I'm betting. 
I feel bad for the coast guard grads this was an important moment for them for him to cry &then get his guy on hot mic saying use this4press
Bwaaaaaahahaha!!!
Thank you !
Good one, Senator!
Oh that's funny
I was a USCG wife for several years. That was a disgusting display of self pity & disdain for truth and law.
Ha... you're so vain! I see what you did there! 
Trump had to mention himself. He goes to Coast Guard after reducing the budget funding for them as hard as these people work. Lot of nerve.
Feel sorry for Coast Guard.


I  was just about to tweet this same sentiment. Raise your hand and lower your head if the words prez trump makes you slightly nauseous.
My thoughts exactly!!! Lol.
Hilarious- isn't everything about him??
Of course not. Its about The Donald.
Lol
I see what our did there. Well played 
Hopefully the CG graduates know better! Or I will have lost faith in the "guard"
Hahahahahaha...snort..hahahahaha!
Poor baby trump. Boo hoo. Get him a passy and change his shitty diaper.
I kept screaming at the tv: "It's not about you @realDonaldTrump today!"
What a jerk for ruining their commencement speaker experience!
Excellent retort sir.
Haha-here he was p*ssing & moaning 2day in that speech....so this is righteous justice!
Good one!
45 is such a narcissist...I mean these graduates accomplished something great, but hey...he's the worst treated politician EVER 
Thanks for saying what everyone is thinking.  He is such a narcissist.
Not bad.
Thoughts were to Trump: This is not your rally, and nothing worse then a born rich white male saying he's being treated unfairly.
It's ALWAYS about him. Sickening. What will he do when he goes overseas? Terrifying!
I was thinking the same thing!
Isn't I treat to think that, of course trump is not a politician, he is just an over indulged spoiled egotist!
Fall On Your Sword Trump !!!  You know, that bright shinny new one the Coast Guard gave you as a subliminal message
DED OF LAFF.
If the president of the United States is there yes I think it's about him
great!!
lol
He's such a narcissistic pig. Those USCG officers deserve better than that.
Haha...he thinks everything is about him.  
"But enough about me. Let's talk about you. What do YOU think about me?"

Still bitter about the election Tim? #soreloser

...I think you think this is about you. I'm singing You're So Vain. Thank you.  

btw, those grads got short changed 4 their "Speaker".
Poor Tim.. Poor Tim.. Poor Tim.. still a complete Looser! #TermLimits
Two words: Nelson Mandela.
Who would want Trump as a commencement Speaker??  He is literally the most narcissistic, corrupt, least educated and knowledgeable person!
Poor little Timmy. The miserable VP candidate who was absolutely crushed in the election. Trump will be your president for 8 years Timmy.
YYYAAAASSSS!!!

Unreal.
OH Good God! I am so sick of Trump! Ugh!
"You ... have no brain ..."
Don't you?
@timkaine  you sly dog, you!!!
I thought everything was about the so called president! Now you tell me...and in song.
You are the best!  Wish you were VP.  Thanks for all your work in Senate!  Proud to be your constituent!
Hilarious!
Even the coast guard doesn't care if it's about them. Mike Pence, "you probably wish'n you were him, don't you don't you".
Please run for President!
To the tune of "It Had to be You:" It's all about meeee, it's all about meee......
Stop
That. Was. Awesome. I love that song.

witty, sad observation about our pathetic self-involved pseudo-president
Nice burn 
I see what you did there, Tim.

And I like it.

Except his scarf wasn't apricot.  Just his skin color.
LMAO!!!! Good one!!
LOL
Well he is pretty special. Just ask him, he'll tell you.
It's all about the orange... SNOWFLAKE..
Enough Trump Trainwreck
Omg, you...spot on! hahahaaaa lmao!
Ya how bout that! As usual it was all about HIM AGAIN ! I hope they slap cuffs on him soon right in the WH for all to see !!!
Yay cry me a river trump time to grow up and be an adult. Did we ever hear obama say oh poor me Donald keeps wanting my birth certificate?
I feel so bad for those graduates that he was their speaker.
Haha!  Man I wish you were VP.
That's so funny because I sang the same thing while watching his speech 
And the giant eye roll award goes to 45
good one Senator Kaine!
Question: @POTUS gave this ... odd speech to a graduating class at the Coast Guard -> isn't he threatening to cut their funding, too?
Don't you?  Don't you?!
#GoSenatorKaine I drew the same reaction! #ItsAllAboutTheDonald
lol
Savage burn! 
That's a really good one Senator. Really goid.
Good ( butterfingers)
I suddenly find myself with a huge crush on @timkaine.
Could @POTUS possibly be more of a whiny little bitch. Completely uninspiring, not a leader. Absolute embarrassment, mentally unstable
Can u play that for me on your harmonica?  Isn't Trump  man baby?
Shade
LOL  that is awesome 
A shame these graduating students could not hear a motivational speech. They had to hear @POTOS complaining about himself. SAD.
Oh Senator Kaine, this is the best! 
Best tweet today 
Love a Carly Simon reference.
Not just the graduation. "Everything"
No kidding! Their big day and all he can do is talk about himself...
I'm pretty sure that Lincoln, McKinley, Garfield, JFK and our beloved President Obama would disagree.
Everything is always about him.. even treason it seems.
Love You!  That made my day!
YOU'RE SO SO SO VAIN....
Funny! I though the same thing.  He's a piece of work!
It's the Donald shoooooow...again. Damn it. He can't keep his blotus mouth shut
Thanks for delivering a top notch and NOT self serving and NOT complainy childlike speech at my graduation from UR in '09!
Ok, that's funny :)
Omg good one !
Tim what do you know about the #SethRich assassination?  You Do know of course he was the one to leak to @wikileaks. Of course you do.
Thanks for the laugh!
That's MY Senator!!  #trumpMustGo #ImpeachTrumpPence
LoL
He has been treated exactly how he has acted. All self inflicted. He could have been great. All went down escalator after calling  rapists
