Damn right
What is so hard about letting state legislatures handle it?  No tyranny through entitlements.
Because that works, doesn't it?
Pressure your state legislatures instead of acting like an angry mob. 10th amendment says that powers not granted are reserved for states
You don't play basketball without knowing the rules, do you?  Constitution is rulebook for government in America.
You know what else that rule book contains? Areas upon which the Feds can legislate. I.e. taxation, interstate commerce, general welfare.
So healthcare is included in which of those?  Why would you want the monsters managing your health from D.C.?
Are you bereft of common sense? If you don't trust politicians, what makes you think the local ones are better than the federal ones?
I don't trust any politicians, my faith is in a Constitution which survives us all.  Federal gov has no business controlling healthcare.
You mean how YOU DID BUSINESS TO PUT US IN THIS MESS TO BEGIN WITH.
PLEASE... Rs+Ds+Is... Sit down together in a locked room and don't come out until white smoke comes out of the chimney.
If parties won't work together then there really isn't a problem. Either that or we are all doomed if we have a real problem.
WRONG TIMMY, it's the DEMOCRATS who don't want to work with Republicans! STOP LYING TO US,.. U R nothing more than a professional politician
I must admit, I do NOT like the actions of McConnell in this either. You all were elected to serve the people, not yourselves!!
I would take your comment seriously, if it wasn't done that way to begin with.
Because no matter what you do to "compromise" the bill, you WILL NOT vote for it, so no reason to invite you to write it.
When was the last time you declared your intention to work with Republicans? Last I remember you are part of RESIST.
You're all a bunch of political self serving hacks
both sides need to work together, or we need new people
  Geeze, Louise, Senator McConnell! Taught Civics for years to 12 yr olds;told them to support our gov't. Do u need a lesson from me??
Let me see....aren't they supposed to be representing ALL of us? Time for those lesson plans to be dusted off and retaught!
So depressing for this retired social studies teacher.
Yes! I totally understand!
My health & that of my family isn't party affiliated. ALL Americans deserve affordable health care. Period. #PeopleOverPolitics
We Americans need to stand up, call the @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan and let them know that their majority does not negate the rest of us
It's how the #GOP did business for most of #Obamas 2 terms. #HistoryWontBeKind
Where is your plan? You didn't care that Obamacare was forced on us by only Ds
But that is exactly what you did with Obamacare.
You are so right, Tim!!!  #peopleoverpolitics
Mitch is right. You clowns don't want to do a damn thing to help actual working families because you'd have to stop supporting cheaters
Cannot RT enough!! Please RT!
Senator Kaine did not invite any Republicans to the obamacare meetings.  Can't have it both ways, hypocrite.  Get off the high horse!
well McConnell wants his  $
How is it that basic human rights has become such a divisive political matter? Thank you for continuing to speak out in opposition!
It's a shame! What's he so afraid of? Please put the country first @SenateMajLdr ! Stop lying!
This coming from a member of the resistance who called for people to take the fight to the streets.
Senator - I think that VA should lead the way. Perhaps you and Senator Warner could initiate bipartisan talks on an alternative bill.
Or, it means you guys butchered ACA so bad he wants you out of it. Dems need a new vision and leader desperately.
Since when is 50 votes a majority in the Senate? Mathematically inaccurate.
In order to get it right for the American people GOP must move forward w/out Dems! Dem have displayed over & over they are obstructionist
Please put out a democrats plans, stop taking about the GOP BAD PLAN . We know that but what are you going to do.
They will continue to fail then. This is nothing but mean spirited & based on GOP mythology. Obamacare has best stuff, just needs tweaks.
So what about the DEMS and the way you do business? LIE LIE LIE You can keep your doctor, You can keep your plan?   Oh yeah. Its yall not us
@realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan proof that the true obstructionists are and have always been the GOP
Please put that quote everywhere
Why would we want the government to work? He blocked Obama on everything including Merritt Garland. He only wants power.
I wish you felt that way abt ocare! You guys destroyed our healthcare and still 20m uninsured
USA voted for a full repeal of Obamacare. Dems incl Kaine forced it on USA & destroyed healthcare, insur, & the econ. Dems need to stay away
This is one sick bunch.  Fine then, they can own it and let's get the ads up and running now.
In other words, the bill has nothing to do with the healthcare needs of the American people. It's about maintaining power for GOP.
Apparently he can't write a Bill that his OWN party supports. Strike Two.
This isnt abt power! Its about the right to healthcare, the right to live! Snds like he was strong armed by #POTUS #potusto not includr dems
You're only crying about it now because you're not in the drivers seat.  This bill is way better for people than failed obamacare. Be honest
@timkaine thank u for always working to do the Right Thing. Sorry some seem to have nothing better to do w/their lives than twitter attacks
If I went into work & decided I wasn't going to work with some people that have different ideas, we'd never get anything done & lose my job.
Those damn dem obstructionists
Some idiots on here act as though "forcing" us to have healthcare is like forcing us to shop nxt to someone w/an AR15 (they're fine w/that)
Tim, if Dems don't deploy rally point/campaign against GOP extremist's endgame, none of these battles will matter:
Check out this interview abt #KochBros end game. These guys are a huge problem. http://amp.slate.com/articles/life/history/2017/06/james_mcgill_buchanan_s_terrifying_vision_of_society_is_the_intellectual.html …
Rank&file Dems said that abt the ACA - don't let Repubs at it, they'll weaken it!  & they did. If he worked w/Dems they'd improve it. Oh no!
A polished turd is still a turd at the end of the day.
Just the other day pelosi said there is not she likes about the bill. We know that you have no intention of working with gop.
The beauty of bipartisanship is you don't have to get the extremist votes to pass legislation. You also get a more united country.
Clearly he is a leader for some, not all Americans--that is not the kind of leader we want or need in USA
You've had that experience already.
Absurd! Bill needs to be good for all Americans. We need our best minds working on it, regardless of party.
How is it that 13 republican senators meet in secrecy to plan health insurance (or lack thereof) for millions of Americans.
#EVICTIONDAY2018
Stop acting like 3rd graders and work together.   A low IQ devil and his followers lead the country, please do something! We are petrified.
I think very few people care what you think or have to say: you bombed in election & can't even handle your own family
It is NOT UP to YOU or any govt entity to control ANY AMER ICAN CITIZENS health care in a Constitutional Republic. Only safety net.
This is supposed to be a democratic society. Not a dictatorship or an autocracy.
Tell that to dingbat Pelosi
Cause you didn't ram Obama care down our throats.
Not a surprised to see what happened when the ACA was pushed happen with the other side's agenda. Politicians are different types of awful.
Obama said, I won, you lost, deal with it.  Dems only fighting to protect Obama's legacy.
Omg actually thought it said sinister tim kaine lol. Cite sources sir. Oh wait you do not even write your own posts
Way to unite, @SenateMajLdr .
Tell @GOP healthcare is not a Zero Sum Game. As a matter of fact, it's not a game at all. We all win or we all lose, as one. Work together.
HCare is not go talk business unless part of safety net #FullRepeal
Hate this iPhone spell check. Governments business
For GOP it's not protecting the people..it's protecting the party! That's why we lose when GOP are in control!
let's get down to real business and stop with the Russia hysteria.
but it IS "real business" to find out why and how exactly Russia interfered in our US election, and if Trump or any of his team colluded too
Yes, we instead want Democrats forcing HC down our throats with mandatory requirements and tax fines and zero Republican support
Hypocrites!
You wanted obummercare @timkaine now own it alone with the rest of you idiots that did. You got to vote for it to see what's in it. Pelosi
Trump and the #HeartlessGOP would rather see Americans sick and dying than craft a decent healthcare plan. Disgusting.
Would love the see the GOP and DNC attack the real issue of costs.   Healthcare should be for humanity not profits.   Fair profit guidelines
I always seem to forget who is in power of my life.   Stupid me.
Why is it the GOP cannot figure out it's not about party, but the health of a nation! Medicare for all'
There's no way NcConnell will stoop to bipartisan cooperation on healthcare without a fight. He's ethically and morally corrupt. 2/2
Oops, *McConnell.  Fat thumbs strike again, damn it.
You're dealing with a egomaniacal majority leader whose claim 2 fame is that he denied Garland a hearing last year for SCOTUS. 1/2
reality is republicans won on ‘repeal/replace’, need to give some piece to ‘win’, then completely rename/rebrand bill, then fix together
#FIXOBAMACARE
What a great quote. Whenever trump trots out that Dems are being obstructionist - refer to this.
People like myself are losing faith in the notion of checks and balances if every entity is controlled by political ideologies.
U suck Tim 
He spent the last eight years being an obstructionist tool and now he's butthurt?
How fun will it be when the Rs have to go the Ds for help on getting this fixed?
Team @GOP @POTUS is so desperate for a win, that they've lost sight of the goal.  Fools.
They must be voted out @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan are destructive forces risking well-being of US people. Imagine dragging disabled out!
Compromise should be the norm in govt, not the exception. Otherwise 1/2 the country is treated as if they don't matter.
Tim it seems like the Republicans don't know how to lead
Where did you screenshot this from, Senator?
Speaker Ryan is telling the truth about keeping their promises! They have rolled back years of protections.
