Senate Republicans hope their own Obamacare repeal won't become law http://politi.co/2uC5QOt  
On the plus side
The quote for all occasions!! 
I will be using it at least once per day
Then, henceforth, you will get at least 1 like from me per day! Mooch really made this whole debacle   just a little more funny, we need it

I almost choked on a peanut!!! 
Americans deserve same access to FEHBP that our federal government employees and elected representatives receive!
Thank you sir!  Slap em again!
It seems like President Trump isn't the only one in need of a civics refresher. JFC at this point I'M more qualified to do this.

If anyone believes that Ryan won't pull an end run, they are as naive as Scaramucci calling a reporter thinking his remarks stay private
They r a bunch of idiots
@SpeakerRyan cannot be trusted to do the "right" thing and stop the bill from becoming law. DO NOT VOTE YES! #VoteNo #SkinnyRepeal
Wish GOP would grow a pair & vote no. Then hammer out amendments to make ACA better. Would have thot they would have done that months ago.
Republican Idiots vote against the bill you don't want!!!!
Why are you all so Hell bent to pass a Bill Nobody wants to become Law?
Just VOTE NO!
TIM WITH THE EMOJIS
Forreal
Is that what you hoped when you voted for Obamacare?
Your GOP colleagues have really lost it. Do what's right!
Fellow Americans + #HouseGOP pls believe @timkaine when he says a vote for Senate health care bill will become law bc IT WILL BECOME LAW!
Guess they forget this ....
Do they need to watch Schoolhouse Rock?
those claps tho ... 
Wait! I heard on Special Report tonight that that the Democracts voted "Present"on Single Payer. No courage on either side!
I hope they heard you and care!
Sounds like GOP caving shaking with fear.
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills! How weak are you if you just can't say no? We all know the truth that your 61 votes were just 4 show!
I'm glad to know there is at least one intelligent person working for America! 
I know, right? Are they hoping the Dems will "save" them again? Yeesh.
@respectinc @politico This is like taking a pregnancy test hoping it will keep you from becoming pregnant. Too much too late
And we will hold you accountable
Well I certainly hope for a huge middle class tax cut so your excitement gets squeezed out of your people. We will not pay for lazy people.
This is what happens when the dog actually catches the car
Someone please give both cabinets of Congress a lesson in legislative process.  Apparently several missed the day in civics class in Jr HS.
@GOP had plenty of time 2 come up w/a plan. They're blackmailing & bullying Sen Lisa Markowski 4 voting her conscience. GOP afraid. Sad.
Can't you just stand on a table in chambers and just scream this?? No really, how do you not lose it daily????
Shocking : @SenSchumer says @SenateDems are open to single-payer, yet not a single one voted for it this afternoon.
16 million of 22 million, allegedly “kicked off” health insurance are people who didn’t want to pay for health insurance in the first place.
Message to @SenateDems thinking of continuing down the path of obstruction: Shame
@SenateGOP  learn how this works! Don't vote!
Tim, go away
I'm glad you at least know how this whole things works @timkaine  Thanks for all you do!
that is so brexit
They must have missed the PBS School house Rock after school special about HOW A BILL BECOMES LAW right along with the one in oval office.
It's almost as if they are too dumb to realize how all of this works. Who votes for these morons?
That sentence doesn't even make sense. "I will vote yes, but I hope it will not success"... Vote no if you don't want it to be successful.
Remember come 2018 #TheyWillBeReplaced
C'mon people. This is about the need to reverse all things Obama. GOP had 8yrs 2 come up with a plan & they have bupkes.
Daaaaaamn, Tim! Love that clap back! 
Considering how craven first house bill was why would anybody be leave this to them to fix if it's bad? Amnesia?
Parlor tricks. And the fact remains that ACA is broken to this extent due to Rs sabotage. Remove the sabotage and fix the broken parts.
@SenateGOP @SenatorCassidy @SenJohnKennedy  #NoRepeal  #CountryBeforeParty
Love the passion Sen Kaine. I'm still with HER and you 
Ridiculous to vote on ridiculous bill. GOP stuck on stupid. #SaveOurHealthcare #VoteNoSkinnyRepealBill #SaveTheACA
Seriously @SenateGOP do you have any idea how totally incompetent and uncaring you appear? @SenateMajLdr
You are a joke.  Pass the bill. Get to work multitask.  Why are you an obstructionist?
Is our democratic process, as we know it, undermined more and more each day? Sure looks like it. How much longer are we letting it happen?
When will they learn that no bill will pass without Democratic input & support? Just make adjustments to Obamacare.
What kind of political denial are these Republicans legislators living in?
@politico who canwe email on gop side r the 7 still with dems on voting no
Senators need to stop. Work With the DEMS to fix Obamacare. Your voters have spoken. FIX OBAMACARE!
Sure, Jan. Enjoy that check you get every month in rubles!
That's called the clap. I think I read somewhere it's a std
Thank you for speaking out
Don't do it, please! @GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
@politico  and they will own it, as millions lose healthcare
It's like watching a perfectly good home being bulldozed to the ground . Stupid is as stupid does .
Voting 'yes' is like pointing a gun at someone: don't do it unless you plan to go the distance. So sad you have to explain a simple concept.
This response is everything.
Like people voting for Trump thinking it wouldn't happen
Is that why you hide behind an account made today?
@GOPSenate?! In Fl we havelow wages/ high retirees/ no PP/ few Medicare/Medicaid Drs as it is. Will be crisis @UFHealthJax @marcorubio NO NO
Time to institute regular screenings of schoolhouse rocks on Capitol Hill.
We need to ensure the people taking office are helping to make the US a better Nation, than to have corrupt power and/or money.
Please don't sell us out for the sake of Ego!!!  DON'T Repeal until the Replace is clearly and exactly better!
Did you ever think ...in your wildest dreams...you would see this shit play out in the United States of America????
Unbelievable
You have to pass the bill so you can write the bill?  INSANITY!
so what have you said to @SenJohnson and @SenRandPauI who said they would vote against and then voted for debate have you confronted them?
GOP senators need to grow a set and vote no. Lives depend on it.
Since the ACA is collapsing, as it was designed to do, the GOP needs to pass as much a repeal as they can. Sorry Senator,  no single payer.
Thank you Senator! 
You're missing a few claps.
If youpassthisitwillbecomelaw. 
But it's okay. You tried and it's the thought that counts. Thanks  for  all  your  hard  work. 
@SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @SenDeanHeller - Please pay attention! So much is at risk! #SaveOurCare
Annnd the results will NOT be pretty! You'll own it!
If they pass it we will vote the out of office!
Thank you for your steadfast opposition.
Did you think that post up all by yourself? Of course it will become law. If you keep voting no the American people will vote you out.
Take note congressional aides: this ishowyouemoji
@politico 
The reason Obamacare was fought for. We the people want to help those who are suffering.
He is not playin'
Act like an adult
and they will own it for all eternity. millions of people will become seriously ill & die from the care they could have received. Shame!!!
And the majority of Americans will do all we can to remove those that vote yes from office

If this is what legislation has become we don't need 2 pay Senators $150K.They are obsolete.Might as well throw bills in a hat & pull 1 out!
Crazy!!!!!!!!
And you WILL be held accountable.  #VoteNo
This is insane, even by McConnell standards.
This is crazy! #killthebill
I like you. I wish you were the VP.
Clap back!
please stop clapping
We'll make it. Take care of yourself.
I love that he clapped back.
I mean, what is the logic behind this fiasco? It doesn't make them look good, it makes them look absolutely incompetent.
Look nothing,  they are incompetent
Keep fighting, you guys!
#YouPassItYouOwnIt
Voting no stops bills.  Voting yes advances them.  They need a new primer
Why didn't you vote for single payer/Medicare for all bill today? Coward
Ha! 
@SenateGOP 
WHEN EVERYONE IS TELLING YOU, "DON'T DO THE THING"
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, *DON'T DO THE THING!*
We also should not have to be giving grown-ass men a refresher course on middle-school civics.
Why did Timmy vote on Obamacare?
It's a tad frightening that this needs to be said, full stop.
Brexit, anyone?
