“¯\_(ツ)_/¯” is not a viable plan for a bill that could potentially deprive 30+ million people of health insurance
Your voting to the failed experiment known as Obomacare
Certainly does explain why @SenateMajLdr is in such a damn hurry.

Oh, wait, no it doesn't.
FFHCA..Freedom From Heath Care Act...now lets "get her done"
Isn't this just ridiculous?
#GOP doesn't care what's  in the bill is as long as they "win".
Senator Kaine, you would have made an amazing vice president. It's weird that I miss something we didn't get to have.
Talk some sense into @GarrettforVA. would he actually work for the 5th instead of his self interest? Can't wait for the 5th to kick him out.
Why don't you democrat leaders all get together and fight this scourge in the White House and America.  Just talking ain't gonna get it!!!
Only voting on loyalty to party. Has nothing to do with healthcare for America. Absolutely shameful.

Trump and the Russians must go to hell! Sinister healthcare bill.
U were not otingo0n a plan at all, the vote was to move forward.  A vote to Proceed.  Taxpayers, please vote this clown out, unite us.
Stand firm Senator Kaine.  Vote NO
Please keep urging a no vote.
Please repeal and pave the way for single payer
Republicans are the the new loony toons 
It's better to have govt run imperfect healthcare than have no insurance under profit making healthcare system and go bankrupt or die
Stand Firm Senator Kaine VOTE NO!!!!'
@timkaine is   
Senator Tim Kaine will stand up for the American people. He should be the vice president as well as Hillary being the president.
They oughta do something useful like come up with pizza slogans and patronizing bumper stickers.
Klingon?
The level of Republican incompetence is just astounding.
Sen Kane feel free to pass along this message to your fellow Co workers
American ppl to @timkaine : "We'll take our chances with the GOP, thanks." 
God help us...
It's funny you talk about leadership. Both parties need to think more about the country and less about getting reelected
Thanks for your leadership #resist

Can you abstain if you don't know info?
are you embarrassed? why are you putting up with this?
The Dems just be trippin. 
What's in the bill that they don't want us to know?? Costs? How many should miss coverage? For once, we deserve the truth!
They don't know and @realDonaldTrump doesn't know. Republicans had amendments to the ACA. It was debated for close to 2 years.
You have to pass it to read it. Sound familiar
What do you care? You will vote against it on matter what it is. REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump DONMR PRESIDENT TRUMP CAN WE FORGIVE THIS YOUNG SENATOR KAINE ? HE IS COMING JOIN US FOR NEXT ELECTION ,
Do not repeal ACA!  Health insurance is a right.  Fix ACA, don't repeal it!
WE ARE VERY STRONG AND POWERFUL SENATOR WE FORGIVE YOU COME COME SENATOR KAINE
WE TRUMPS SUPPORTER FORGIVE YOU WERE LIBERALS COME , COME JOIN TRUMPS TRAINS
SENATOR COME JOIN US POWERFUL $ RICH TRUMPS SUPPORTER WE WELCOME YOU SENATOR WHY YOU STILL WITH THOSE LOSER ?
Swampcare? Heaven save us from this maniac
SENATOR AS FAR IS WE TRUMPS SUPPORTER KNOWS DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS DEAD FOR ANOTHER 25 YEARS COME JOIN US
SENATOR YOU ARE LUCKY SHE LOST YOU WERE GOING HAVE A HELL OF A TIME WITH HER IN WHITE HOUSE ,
SENATOR KAINE HILLARY BLAMING THE WHOLE WORLD SHE LOST EXCEPT HER SELF
Hey Mike ! And who can Trump blame for being a mafia russian criminal ? Treason, child & wife rape, fraud, money laundering, theif, liar

Why don't they cut the charade, and just pass a Resolution stating that they resent the smart & eloquent black guy who got things done in DC
You have to pass it to see what's in it... where did we hear that one Timmy?
None, because the Republican plan is a TAX plan, not a HEALTH plan.
I'm embarrassed for our country.
It's like @GOP inner underfunctioning boyfriend who plays video games all day and can't commit is showing.
Good grief. Thanks for continuing to fight the good fight @timkaine!
Thank you and Senator Warner. Definitely #KillTheBill
So do you wait until you're told what to do like a mindless puppet,  or do you use Initiative and your resources to keep informed? #Loser
You're a good man, unlike those other ones in DC!
Your tweets and that caricature are the same......childish.
Time for a full Democratic agenda - Medicare and education for all.
Thank you and @MarkWarner for your leadership on this issue.
They have no clue on how to govern! Repukes are done in 2018!
Because it doesn't really matter that it is garbage. What matters is they pass something -- even if it stinks.
Would you prefer single payer so we can have our children treated like Charlie Gard? Who lives, who dies? Uncle Tim decides?
He would have died long ago in your country - his pre-existing condition would have meant his parents would have needed to stump up millions
St. Jude Children's hospital, or others. There are ways to help, even more so these days, better than government death panels.
Emojis?  Funny but I'm thinking this is a staffer.
We believe a bill to vote on is REPEAL of the BILL that YOU inflicted (w/double premiums) on hard working taxpayers but exempted yourselves.
Don't tell me the problem, tell me the solution
Same one dems brought and had to pass it to see what was in it last time. Why don't you  work together? Thank his for no Hillary/kaine
We have to pass it to see what's in it! that's the Democrat way
Dems gave Republicans a month to look over the bill, Now I know there slow readers but come on not even showing the bill is ridiculous
I just learned a new way to use the word "Leadership".
Really glad this is all a joke to the only people who have the power to stop this destructive, heinous insanity!
If I can't believe the state of affairs, I shudder to think how you're doing. 
Thanks for being a stand up senator.
One senator said on NPR today that it was version F. Just saying...
None! You don't vote on anything you simply spew hate and dissension!
It's clear @GOP is like the dog who caught a car..."I caught it now what do I do with it?" Sheesh.
Did you introduce yours Tim? Just as I thought NO. Well I'll keep waiting
I would love to be able to laugh at this, but it's too scary and too real. 

All well and good THANK YOU!  But corporate DEMS need to EXPLAIN THIS PLEASE:
I agree, there better be a damn good reason for Lawmakers to be taking big bucks from the healthcare industry and denying citizens the same.
Lawmakers receive A LOT of money to look away. The whole health industry
needs to be brought to their knees. No more dark money.
Wheres your plan? This is your colossal mess, 7 years and you watched it collapse.
You are terrible because you have no idea of healthcare needs. I hope you in congress get same as the public
It is an ongoing theme....the GOP do not care....just looking for beer in the Rose Garden. #shameful
@SenateGOP are being so reckless and irresponsible with something as critical as our healthcare. Their level of immaturity is astounding.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ /irresponsible/breach of dutyhave ever seen expt 4 Trump/Russia meddling.

thank you for all that you do, Senator
Will the american people be able to know what to tell their representative before the vote? Otherwise all need to vote no.
The poles show you are falling from grace. #DUMP the #CLOWN #KAINE
This is unacceptable.  When did our representative republic become a secret law society?  It didn't.  They need to knock it off now.
8 years ago
The rest of America would like to know as well
No matter which one they pull out of their hat, it is aimed at tax cuts for the wealthy, not healthcare for Americans.
Savage
The GOP doesn't know and doesn't care.  When those w/employee insurance realize the bill impacts their ins too maybe, their bias will end.
As long as it's not obamacare, who cares!
.No need for you to know. We know how you will vote so call it in
I'm relieved the gesture wasn't more NSFW. #ProtectOurCare
Appalling. We need to turn Congress Blue. #BlueWave2018
Whatever it is, I know it won't be good. I keep contacting @robportman asking him to please #VoteNo
Sounds like a text I'd send another mom asking what kids were supposed to do tomorrow when I can't find the note from school, hope it works!
Yikers!!!
My family PRAYS that congress will do the right thing. OUR LIVES ARE IN YOUR HANDS.
God wants me to restate..OUR HEALTHCARE IS INYOUR HANDS!!!!!
Hopefully, then all of you will be voting "NO" I can't believe our country has come to this. #SAVEACA #KilltheBill #neverrepeal

Spill that tea, Kaine
What is your plan jackass? Hey Hillary people arrested on treason charges. Maybe you are next.
my god you are uninformed. is it deliberate or do you just believe sources that give bad information?
GOP guilty of governing malpractice
"Same thing we do every day, Pinky. Try to repeal Obamacare."

I'll find out, I'll let you know! I hope Fox and Friends will disclose it today!!!
*New Patriot Test*
Senate Parliamentarian says #Trumpcare violates Senate rules
Easy to vote NO for US
Will they?
https://thinkprogress.org/republican-healthcare-senate-rules-violation-1a2ecaa4ffa0 …
Sigh...
Is there a procedural move to make to stop this nonsense? What happens if the Dems just refuse to come to work? Is quorum needed for vote?
This is the truth Tim! We can do better
Crazy strategy.
He just wants something to sign and to hold a rose garden "victory" party. He couldn't care less about the content.
...or the people???

The one you hold
They are voting for tax cuts for the rich disguised as healthcare reform.
We the people would like to know, also.
All of us. @JohnCornyn won't even open his voicemails to hear comments from his constituents!!
Vote him out!  We pay them, insure them, pay for their "fact finding trips".  We hired them and can fire them. Get rid of Citizens United $$
You're a  is your son still in prison? Or is he out on bail?
