I'll be discussing my bill that aims to stabilize & improve the individual marketplace. This is a needed reform Ds & Rs can agree on
How about all you guys opt out of your Health plan and use this. ?  Seems if good enough for us citizens, good enough for Congress.
#HealthcareForAll
We need a national health care program.  Period.
Insurance for every single US citizen.
as you neglect, ignore and allow your staff to treat a veteran with little to no respect as human being regardless of servce and sacrifice
Thank you!
We need bipartisan input. It's so difficult to see what they are doing. Sad
Thank you, Tim!
God's blessings, trusting we will overcome this obstacle.
Please fight for VA. Everyone should be involved in the building a health care plan.
Should have thought of that before voting for obamacare you hypocritical fraud.
yeah you know Tim, we'd really like some SINGLE PAYER
It is clear you need to take steps to get the kook out of the white house. That should be the priority.
Keep fighting the good fight
Yes, including the ones you stole it from.
Ok, an intelligent remark from the left and not just Trump bashing or Russia talk. Nice to see
Good luck I hope its not a smoke screen
That's leadership #ImStillWithHerAndHim. My VP
Save yourself the trip you're not wanted or needed!!! You and your party is the reason we're in this freaking mess...
Never will happen. Congress is broke. Every Senator and Rep is broke. They're breaking our Country.
Thank you! 
Dems should push hard for single payer. Start by gradually lowering Medicare eligibility age, allowing negotiation for Rx drugs.
Work on single payer or give up on reelection. #SinglePayerNow
I hope u can work together and figure this out.  All of this craziness is exhausting.
Medicare for All
Thank you for trying to actually help us!
One focused on improving health!
Repeal and Replace Obamacare! It's a failure, we all know it. Cooperation for a change!
Keep the pressure on Senator
Fight for us, Senator Kaine!
Medicare for all! Lay the groundwork, please.
Your a second place runner up Mr Joker , let's the winners decide how to fix the Obama Mess
Improve the affordable care act. Integrate delivery reforms with insurance initiatives. Make SUBSCRIPTION Medicare the default coverage.
.wow now that you have been shut out and will be overpowered you want to cooperate? You should publically denounce the actions of your son
Good luck!
Could we have some health policy wonks work on it, instead of just legislators, pleeeze???
From your previous 3 tweets, you actually mean Latinos.
We are all in this together and we all need to work together . . . Greed and narrow self-interest have no place at the table. Thank you, Tim
If it is not a joint effort then it's wrong!
Thank you!
#HealthCareForAll keep working for ALL Americans @SenKaineOffice
Make sure you give public easy to read bullet points so we can digest info and disseminate information appropriately
Thank you Sen. Kaine!!
Thanks for all your work on this issue.
Unleash the free market.  That is what made America great!
Sen. Kaine, thank you 4 hard works out-there. Do not given up hope 4 poor & vulerable citizen...
HR 676 #MedicareForAll
How about you just grind the Senate to a halt until the majority bring bills that are actually good for their constituents.
Single payer now
AGREED!!!!
Get em @timkaine #TheResistance is with you
Good luck with Mitch McConnell...
Like you Dems did when you jammed Obamacare through and now it's failing?
Clearly you have no idea how much more scrutiny Obamacare got.
And they still ignored the warning comments and jammed it through. I remember quite clearly.
Because it was the best bill that could get passee given all of the GOP obstructionism. (+neoliberal fear of single payer.)
Lol, no. 

Dems had control of the house, senate, and presidency. They did as they pleased, despite any apparent obstructionism.
Single payer. No one should be without health coverage in the wealthiest nation on .
Keep fighting for us, Tim!
Thank you for trying to work together.  Come up with a plan before you meet though.
Get the senators to offer their health insurance plan to all a
Americans
working together would be the best way to go.
That would involve the majority not crafting their bills in secret, right?
that would be a big YES 
SINGLE PAYER

HANDS OFF MEDICAID
It's clear the government has NO IDEA how to run a health insurance business or provide medical care & and should get out of both entirely.
McConnell just refuses. He is full of partisan hate and does not care about anything but his party.
Get some type of single-payer healthcare going if the R's don't get away with what they got planned!
Honestly, it truly is the ONLY way HC will work effectively for ALL!!!
NOW what are they up to??
@SenateMajLdr has made it clear they will not work with the dems.
Please!  Work together- just fix (and fund) Obamacare. No one should have to go bankrupt or not work because of medical bills. Subsidize it
Full repeal.
Thanks. That's all we're asking. Do what is right as opposed to aligning to one political ideology or another.
Do what you must Senator. God be with you
I beleive in you senator Kaine, unlike your Republican counterparts.
If #GOP figured out we will never give tax cuts to rich, they would know it's best to just fix #ACA
We have one, it’s called the Affordable Care Act. Just need to convince governors to get on board and do it right.
Why did Schumer use a BS procedure to block the testimony about unmasking?!?
Okay.  Stop obstructing & come with sound policy ideas.
TimRu...><]
The health care bill is headed to the floor now? What happened to the delay by McConnell?
