Go away. YOU LOST
please. George. Remove my name from your exorcisms & exhortations. We'll agree to disagree, the Cheetoh-In-Chief is not mine #USA
I'll comply. For the record, the last 3 have not represented me. Can't believe you people are so blind
it's down to slowing the tide toward Oligarchy, & to 3rd party electable candidates; we have to vote against  the worst. For now.
Thank you, Senator, for standing strong.
oppose away, you & your party are responsible for ruining healthcare in this country...Dems own it
What happens to the 70% of ACA that has nothing to do with ins? i.e. hospital errors&omissions and patient accountability?  Gone?
Thats why you & the Crook LOST!!!  Trumpcare is not finished yet, this was just an outline to start from & add to..
you should be focused on raising your children. Bc one was caught setting fireworks off in the capital & trying to fight Police!!!
that is NOT peacefully opposing Trump like you tried to say. Arresting officer said your son "squared up to fight him"
please take the lead on making all politicians subject to the same HC pot of stew as the rest of us.#ACA
@jasoninthehouse says 2 give up our iPhone & buy insurance instead. I dont know about other poor people but I can't afford either.
senator, you need to do a whole lot more than strongly oppose.
and I strongly oppose you
How's your son the criminal?
#trumpcare eliminates states lines for consumers, provides competition for consumers, instead of BHO shoving it down  our throats.
nothing was shoved anywhere.
DJT could just let O/C fail but he isnt a ideologue like you. 1/3 of US counties have only one option and its getting worse.
Thank you Senator!
uh, duh, you Dems caused the Catastrophe! ACA Already caused working Americans financially chaos! Insurance Companies Billions ACA
thanks!!!  This fellow Virginian has got your back!
as you should. No trumpcare!
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
#Dumpcare
# MakeAmericaSickAgain
thanks for your support!
I say, whatever health care plan U all decide on, should be the same PLAN that all of Congress will have to subscribe to.
dismantle trump and Twitter.  Our understanding of brain is in infancy and evry1 thinks they know everything. Thats impossible
how much is it going to cost you to get son out of Jail? I know how Dems pay for kids when they get into trouble! Give him trophy?
thank you!
Senator: bland unmemorable  comments like that is why Democrats have difficulty turning out the base & GOP doesn't  Spice it up!
WE are so glad you ae not in the WH!
3 million more people disagree
BS!!
What do you think #Obamacare did? It may have given insurance to a few more people, but it increased premiums for 10's of MILLIONS
health care cost has been going up steadily for over 20 years, where have Ubeen?
His  voters will soon know the truth!Betrayed!
. #republicancare
Sounds like that's exactly what it's intended to do.
it's like a bad Miller lite commercial. less coverage...more cost
Thank you because those two representing Texas won't. Texans are screwed.
THANK YOU!
Thank you
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
This CANNOT PASS.
@trustinkind 
#trumpcare #Medicaid #plannedparenthood  shouldn't this read #trumpcareless
of course you will. Wouldn't expect anything else, even if you thought it was better.
Thank you from the  Shenandoah Valley! #Resist #Obamacare #Trumpcare
Thank you for fighting for us!
My story about how the prospect of a repeal is already harming my livelihood http://www.inc.com/steven-demaio/affordable-care-act-repeal-effects-on-my-business.html … #ProtectOurCare #SelfEmployed
Please don't call it TrumpCare. He doesn't care about anyone but himself. Let's not give him the credit for anything! #obamacare
Thank you, Senator!
ACA was created because free market created problems, i.e. Bankruptcies. So, why are we going backwards
thank you
please help me keep my coverage.
not sure Trump cares about anyone but Trump, #Trumpcare needs a new #
thank you!
no one mentioned that trump just applied for H-B1 visas for his winery this is wrong its conflict of interest investigate all
senator or should I say the real VP this is a distraction please continue looking into Russian ties and fight to save our country
Just saw the "winners" and "LOSERS" laid out, on #Trumpcare .  The LOSERS are the POOREST AND THE ELDERLY.  GOOD JOB @SpeakerRyan
"out" with old & sick and "in" with the rich & healthy. Nearly like the Science fiction story by HG Wells
Please don't use THAT name.  Refer to the bill as the "new plan", "republican plan' or anything except by HIS name.
thank you! That is one less call about a ridiculous bill I'll have to make.
No one cares, you lost, get over it. Oh, and resign already.
Thank you! We need strong leadership to overcome the devastating policies of the Repubs.
thank you from Burke VA!! #ivote
Well, Tim, where exactly are the provisions in the US Constitution for tax payer $s to be used for health care or PP?
Thanks Senator!
Thank you!
Republicare - make them all responsible.
Dare ya
we'll all oppose
We're with you!
Thank you for supporting common sense! When do we get to #Impeach45 ?
thank you, senator kaine
he is lied just like the president Obama healthcare works very good for all Americans
Watch out Americans too many people are going to start die  seriously because of the republican healthcare law
President Obama healthcare have save Americans life
are you going to make sure the Virginian people or are taking care of
anyone over 60 and not on Medicare is done! No coverage for that pathetic credit!
Unless Repubs R willing 2 give up their taxpayer-funded insurance & go on this bill themselves, they have no business voting 4 it.
who cares u passed #ACA without 1 Republican vote. Goes around comes around.
Does Congress go back to FEHBP? Does @jasoninthehouse get to have health care AND and iPhone?
Price just said Medicaid has lowered access?  Pre-exist, high deduct, high prem and greed have lowered access not Medicaid
Thank you! - a constituent
house care bill was not created by democrats therefore BAD. ftfy
your opposition tells me it must be pretty good plan
thank you, sir. As one whose premiums are paid by  Medicaid, who has faced premiums from having a pre-exist cond... HELP
Thank you Senator Kaine!
age Tax for Older Americans @CNN @foxnews @msnbc
I asked many times ... do you have the ACA?
Thank you!
please keep an eye on lifetime limits in that bill
do we have a timeline for CBO estimates?
."republican-'care'"?
Thank you. OPPOSE #TRUMPnoCARE. It's on him now, the GOP can now own this travesty.
Then do something to change it. Healthcare that you cannot afford to use because of the ridiculous deductibles is not healthcare
the GOP are cold-blooded bastards.
Thank god. @jasoninthehouse casually suggesting that people choose between a phone and health care is obscene.
it's not Trump care... it's #REPUBLICANCARE..... label the entire party !!!! shadow every Repugnant with the issue
Fight tooth and nail for us Senator.  We have your back.  Please have ours.
2018
It would be more appropriate to call it #Trumpcareless
Outstanding job you are doing for the citizens of both Virginia and the United States!  Keep it up! Good us little people r heard
@RalphNortham Do Somethig
smoke & mirrors for next 4 years.  ACA helped Millions of people, kept insurance companies from making millions.
how can a person fighting to put food on the table also put money into flexible spending? He can't and he gets no tax refund !
senator please continue to fight for the interest of the people
you're a fraud, there isn't anything that causes more damage than obama care has already. You're a political hack.
Thank you, Tim! Now get some of your Republican friends to oppose it!
They are going to make the health market crash and create a domino effect.
thank you get fierce please!
thanks Senator
proud you are my senator! serving up #Trumpcare w/out scoring, $$, funding is = to dinner order w/out price&what it is!!
this act smells of the insurance lobby.Stinks!
How will the American HealthCare Act dismantle #Medicaid since you sent out the tweet? Please explain yourself #TimKaine...
I'm a grassroot voter Who really would like 2 know because I'm "Sick & Tired" of political dishonesty & misinformation...
If you don't reply to my tweet with evidence 2 support your claim Then your tweet would be a #FalseClaim #TimKaineChallenge
you do understand he has a job and can't reply to every tweet. Call his office & ask for a return call @timkaine
Colleen I have a job also & I respond to my tweets all of the time & furthermore "Mind your own Damn Business Colleen The Asshole!
Please do..injecting morals into law is not what this country is about. I don't see affordable in the name..will it be?
me too! Talk about Fake News "This plan is better " Give me a break
Thank you!
You are one of the only Reps in the gov't that doesn't seem like a total coward
FIGHT!!
Thank you for thinking of the less privileged.
. Bit Tim...the ACA plan the dems wrote is failing...killing the middle class n small biz. That is not OK. Help vs bitch ab it.
#trumprussia
what?
glad to hear it but call it #Republicare or #GOPcare because they ALL own this. They're the party trying to take away healthcare.
I agree with @GOPCare choice. Other label is 1 more @GOP disservice ("Make America Wait Again!") to impeded @BarackObama.
I can't take it. This is just about being happy they have GOP control @BarackObama bruised all their egos that's all this is about
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you!!!
we all do but the outcry of 48% of Congress and 75%-85% of American ppl seems to be horrendously insufficient
Republicare! Blame the entire @SenateGOP @HouseGOP. It's not just Trump.
thank you
Then fight it! Use everything in your power to stop this horrible. #TalkIsCheap #FightForACA
thank you Sen. Kaine. We need help to stop this travesty! @DNC
thank you
thank you!
Senator, I agree with everyone's right to health care. But when a person can not afford to use it due to increasing deductibles that's wrong
#DeplorableCareAct
THANK YOU!
Senator we need to change the narrative this needs to be called GOPCare put ownership on the whole party not just 45
And your opposing isn't worth a darn, you have no power
Thank you, Senator Kaine. Stand strong, we support you #resist #SaveACA
@RalphNortham 

Good. You should have done that the first time though, it's essentially the same.
I hope you and the democrats visibly voice what's wrong with this plan. Fight like hell!
thank you for standing up for American families by opposing #Trumpcare
Women's healthcare will take a severe hit. Please stand up for us and other non wealthy Americans who need health care.
why am I paying for other peoples insurance? Lost ours,can't afford premiums,tax credit a joke,paying out of pocket #Trumpcare
How does one pay up front for doctor's & hospital visits based on tax credits? Banks don't loan on tax credits, why would DR's?
I am paying $500 per month for bronze healthcare with no copay and you are opposed to a better plan?  Seriously?
this is terrible. I worry for my parents especially my father with chronic conditions
if you weren't part of rigging the election #BernieWouldHaveWon
seen a person as nice and kind as you.  No offense to MS Warren but you could take a page from her book
keep up the resistance! #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
So you oppose defunding PP abortion at tax payer expense?  You call yourself Catholic?   So disappointed 
I hope you & the rest of your party will stand up for the American people. The GOP will one day get their just desserts.
dessert is what we're enjoying now! Enjoy your stay in the wilderness.
I so wish you had won Senator Kaine
typical to fear-monger. Defunding PP is important. They don't provide all they claim. Medicaid will still be there.
how does PP not provide what they claim? Just curious as to where you are getting your information?
PP provides affordable Gyn visits AND tries to talk women out of abortions.Where do u get your info?
I hope you oppose because this is what is called a disaster!
I would hope so but you're too nice even when you aren't. Get yourself some fangs and drool or something. Compliment I've never
Trumps need to go away! Do your job Dems, Republicans have turned into the party of thugs and thieves! Trump is the enemy of USA
We knew it was coming and Here It Is!
ya that is a no brainer! But remember who came up with this plan and use it against them in the mid terms! #Trumpcare
Mr Vice President!
