Yes let's protect obamacare because its such a success... how many states now have no insurance companies in them?
I want the same Health Care Plan that All Members in both houses have
ACA is not health care it's health insurance. Don't confuse the two it is no brings down health care cost. It just increases insurance.
It's a knife in the back to working Americans.
Hey Tim what good is obamacare if you have to pay $1200/month and then can't afford the deductible? Insurance is not healthcare#UGotNothing
It would appear that it's time to sit down & work out something that's good for all Americans not just the Republicans.
It would be nice for dems to offer amendments to make the aca better. Public push for those concepts. We look like the gop circa last 7 yrs
Never mind those you priced out of their insurance you creep
And the ACA is an overpriced bandaid. We demand #MedicareForAllNow and we won't stop until we get it.
You are my senator...what are you doing to make it better?
My 3k penalty was salt in the wound too.  Many people don't want the horrible insurance plans ACA offers.  Why can't we have the choice???
What about all of the millions of people who can't afford Obamacare? And had insurance before the Democrats and Obama destroyed the system
TIME TO GET RID OF THE CLOWN FROM IT PRESIDENT IT SHOULD BE IMPEACH HE IS A DRAFT DODGING COWARD!!
Call the turtles bluff. Full push for improvements (like ins across state lines& across border prescription)  let that be the public debate.
Thank you for protecting us!  #stillwithher
Why don't you introduce legislation eliminating from buying across state lines?  Have you been bought!
DON'T RUSH TROUGH.ANYTHING! OR WE WILL HAVE PROBLEMS FOR A LONG TIME !TO AVOID ALL BAD FUTURE EVENTS !WE MUST WORK TOGETHER SO WE ALL AGREE
#SinglePayer #ImprovedMedicare4All is ONLY moral and ethical delivery model, get insurance out,they r denying care & making cost S rise
Why? Make a list and explain!
Thank You Susan, Lisa & John.  You saved many, many LIVES
Wouldn't be where we are today if YOU spent the time 8 yrs ago to write a good bill. Remember. You failed first.
What's your answer Tim? Present something. There's no way in hell that you & Chuckie will work across the aisle.
You're losers!
IMPEACH THE RUSSIAN TRAITOR THAT WE HAVE AS PRESIDENT.  HOW LONG ARE WE GOING TO ALLOW THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE REPRESENT OUR GREAT NATION?
It's not a good bill, but anyone with 1/2 a brain knows that Obamacare is a disaster.
Thank you for your #Nay on this irresponsible " #SkinnyRepeal "
Thank you for standing up for me (and millions more) tonight!
Whew! Thank you.
Unfortunately, they weren't worried enough to NOT vote for the very people taking it from them!
So, Senator, what is your solution? More of the same expensive, very high deductible, useless government approved insurance?
tell that to those paying $500 premium with 6K+ deductible. Sure both will go up again in 2018

#SkinnyRepeal #ACA
by the time this is over the pubs will have succeeded in shooting themselves in both feet...let 'em go fot it
Why is it that able bodied people on expanded Medicaid are more important than those being hurt by Obamacare?
Watching Senate coverage at 1:04 AM this is insane!
Doc says salt is bad for my blood pressure & my sugar. But still not as bad as @HillaryClinton & @timkaine would've been for USA!
You lost the election. The people have spoken.
Go to sleep loser
Says the Man whose hometown Newspaper endorsed Johnson-Weld in 2016.
But not you...you get free HC paid for by the sweat of the masses. But you dont care about them...just your stupid DNC party.
How about the wounds of people that work who pay $1200 per month premium for $12k deductibles
You're like Santa Claus, that's why we're 20$ trillion in debt
The ACA saved my life! I was born with a heart defect, have two auto immune diseases,&stage 4 kidney disease. I would have died without it
Very worried. I take 13 daily meds. Without them I will spend > in ER
There you go again,  reminding us how much we wish you were our Veep right now.
Gone
@Potus sd Healthcare would be affordable & Bttr re deductibles & overall Cost for Individual Americans &Now ... #MidTermsRising #NoSafeSeats
How am I ever going to get my Chlamydia vaginitis checked out! 
So proud you are my representative in the Senate.
Don't want skinny vote

1. Thread. Maybe no one will read, but I just heard @SenJohnMcCain voted yes. Yes to taking away my healthcare. Life saving healthcare.
Liars lie, it's what they do

No #StandWithRand @RandPaul #FullRePeal We want Rand Paul bill!#FreeMarketHealthcare https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Keepin @timkaine awake - while Hurricane Enzi's sustained wind speed dominates the floor!!
Then stop lying to them about healthcare fool.
'Member when you drew like 10 people to a rally in Miami. You lost. Elections have consequences. My body. My choice. Yes on #SkinnyRepeal.
@SenSanders @TulsiGabbard @RandPaul Wrong, Individual mandate forces one to pay to see doctors neither like nor trust is total Dem outrage.
Keep up the fight vote no
AWE SHADDUP
Skinny Repeal is a result of Corporate Dems failure to have HONOR. Pledge NO BIG DONOR MONEY or keep losing.
well then you #Libtards shouldn’t have messed with HC in the first place
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT MY FELLOW AMERICANS!
Republicans want to kill the affordable care act out no matter what it does to low,  middle n elderly ppl! Kill ppl who depend on health ins
There are 2 sides to every coin. You have no regard for those who were left with nothing because of obamacare.
Obamacare is dead  either help replace it or go home because you're just not helping the people at all by just talking trash.
Your wrong! You screwed us the middle class with bs in the 1st place. I had a great plan. Now we have shit. 13000 deductible 1600 per month.
Pls fight this travesty! We stand with you, because you stand for us, VA will lead America, we have the leadership!
Why weren't you concerned when @BarackObama lied to America about ACA??
We need to pass the bill to see what's in it Tim! O wait you already know unlike what the Dems did.
You need to be institutionalized!
Where was that spirit when you passed Obamacare & took "healthcare" away from millions of American families?
Great idea!
@tatteredrainbow make sure all the red state union workers know this wipes out employer healthcare.
Lost my coverage because of o-care. Use to pay less then $90/m with $200 deduct. THEN jumped to $430/m with $13,000 deduct. I opted out.
For all that are so happy abt repeal, please don't show up in the ER with your sick kids anymore.
you Democrats can interrupt all you want but you embarrass yourselves in front of the world rudeness is not one of our values
You're unfit for twitter
Shhhhh.
I wish you were our VP, sir.
thank God almighty he isnt
Couldn't agree more, repeal that crap.
Easy for you to say. Your healthcare is free!!
An insurance card isn't healthcare when you can't afford to go to the doctor because of the high deductibles.
Have you heard of Single Payer, Lloyd?
Sure...it's working so well for the Canadians.
Is your son doing community service yet?
'Skinny Bill' has the same outcome of their rejected 'Repeal Only'

#2018DemCampaignSlogan 
They took your healthcare away- don't miss your chance to take away theirs Vote!
I haven't felt this sick to my stomach since the night of the election. Thank you @timkaine for having VA's back!
We know the Dems worked hard. Stay strong. No matter the vote, we still believe in you all.
Smells like tough sh!t to me.  Looks like Americans hate Socialists and Socialism more than you estimated.
How about us with Obamacare spiraling out of control?
Hey Tim post your heathcare policy and cost! Then you can rant
GOP it's inhumane & cruel to millions of people who need Healthcare to pass SkinnyCare! TrumpCare is Deathcare not BetterCare or SkinnyCare!
You pay for it then. I have my own family to care for.
Don't bring them to the ER then.
they dont turn people away at the ER demwit
BWAhahahaha
In revenge for her? him? blocking you, I blocked them. ;)
why ..thank you..lol
And they don't care about the people. Please keep fighting!!!
You didn't give a rats a@@ about those of us that lost our due to ObamaCare.
Thank you for keeping up the fight. Great speech on the floor tonight.
Wasn't he in the Marines or was that a political prop? To think you were the answer to Hillary's white male issues. Al Sharpton is better.
Anyone who voted for Trump is getting what they deserve.  Every other sane American who knew what he was all about...acid in the wound
I will not finance the insururers. I am 58 years old and I will die first.
Dems are losers.

A vote fo rSkinny Repeal is a vote for permanent GOP death.
Thank you! How can Mike Enzi be allowed to talk and talk without letting others ask about the bill?
Watching you makes me proud to be an American, sir.
get the gov out of it and let insurance providers compete for my business and let me decide if I want the product.
I'm well aware it isn't but it's a small step. The plan sucks because no one has the balls to do what's necessary.
It's the New World Order of population reduction; mass genocide. @gop and @SenateMajLdr do not care!
@SenJohnMcCain I agree with Senator Kaine, you should too. VOTE NO!
We are following. Keep up the good fight, Senator.
Thank you for your passionate speech against that horrible bill & embarrassing process.
I feel sorry for u in the chamber with this rambling wreck Enzi
Does it kick children 19-26 yrs old off their parent's health insurance?
PLEASE NO!!!! I need my insurance
Sadly, the healthcare debate isn't about healthcare. It's about insurance. But our "non-system" is what needs curing
Heartless
#SkinnyRepeal won't #ProtectOurCare. I am a breast cancer survivor who appreciates your hard work. Thank you, Senator.
this playing with the lives of Americans in the dead of night is UNACCEPTABLE
I haven't cried this much since election night
After vote, Dem Senators should have a press conference on Capitol steps, regardless of outcome
and tell the people how fkn crappy obamacare was
Lets be clear. A vote for "skinny repeal" is a vote for the suffering and deaths of Americans.
More like a knife in the back.
We are in dark times but our future is bright. Optimism will be the only way we survive. The next generation will move mountains, promise
Thank you Sen. Jaime for your service to America. Please urge all Sen. To vote No.
Thank you for your brave efforts, Senator.
He's not brave. And where's  @BarackObama?  @BillKristol
@timkaine  The ACA caused the wound and the Democrat's obstruction the salt.
Those who vote for this have probably never worked with a family or individual who really needed good health care, but did not have it.
"good" healthcare from one exhange..uh nevermind
Ha ha ha
listening to @SenatorEnzi ramble on and on and on is outrageous !
I know! I won't need health care by the end of him talking. I'll be dead from listening!
Agree my blood pressure rising this is disgusting
I think all of America is going to need additional healthcare coverage by tomorrow morning.
Tim... Join DSA?
A vote for #SkinnyRepeal is salt in the wound for millions of American families who are worried about their health care.
Have they no consideration or conscious?
Great speech. Keep fighting
Dems have to figure out how to explain this to Americans! A Better Deal will not cut it. Look what @GOP HAS DONE!
It's becoming clear that the GOP does not care about the American people, Senator.
Thank you for saying this AND actually following through with a "no" vote. Unlike your colleagues who choose party over fellow Americans.
Oh get a clue. You're an ignoramus when it comes to right and wrong.
You're awesome for fighting!!  #resist
stop tweeting and keep interrupting him! We need answers and footnotes!
Soon salt will be the only medicine we can afford.
Unless you have a pre-existing condition
Why are you not fighting with words on the Senate Floor? Screw regular order. This man is talking about pensions now?

NEW: CBO report on "skinny" repeal bill shows 16 million uninsured by 2026 and 20% increase in premiums every year between 2018 and 2026 
Come on @SenDeanHeller @SenJohnMcCain defend the people. Don't vote for this crap. PLEASE!!!
“Compassion is the wish to see others free from suffering.” 
― Dalai Lama XIV
