Breaking News: Trump told Russian officials in the Oval Office that James Comey’s firing relieved “great pressure" http://nyti.ms/2rA61GQ 
But Russia/Trump stole that from us didn't they...:(
@nytimes totally unfounded lies ,
He and Pence need to be immediately Impeached.
@inch2high You guys won check out research done by Mike Farb voting was not accurate at all
You actually believe the NY Times?
You're right Timmy I wonder what candid conversations have been shared between you Weiner, Podesta and the Clinton's! Step down already!
You did your best, Senator Kaine. Those rallies where you had at least fifty people in attendance were something else.
Obama offered "more flexibility" after election...  Democrats have ZERO credibility.  #hypocrite
Right now it appears his only friends are the Russians, that is terrifying and chilling.
Senator Kaine should be VP and Clinton should have been our POTUS. Period. The election was stolen. There was a clear lead and victory.
Keep resisting and fighting for us.
Please impeach now
@nytimes "What would you do if I sang out of tune"... share state secrets?
Isn't this treason?? What is it going to take?!
You would have been a great VP sir. Just sayin.
Swarmy. You are just swarmy. The United states is better off without you a breath away from the People's House.
He just doesn't get it. He has to be impeached
He's Putin's inside job. He wants to undo every advancement and ruin our country
Senator Kaine, I so wish you were VP. There is NO kindness or caring in the WH. The hatred and filth has done lasting damage to our country.
Yes the video is there. Go directly to you tube to find it. Tim Kaine YELLING at his 11 year daughter.
I'll have more flexibility after the election ;-)
We are trying to take down ISIS together, relax cheech
Russia has zero credibility and interest in fighting ISIS. They want their puppet Assad.
All due respect u incompetent !#@#&&;! I see the grand scheme starts wth Hillary blaming comeyDems pretend they want him gone & U knowThRest
It would be a huge pressure relief comey was an incompetent asd
@nytimes maybe they were getting ready to offer him some borscht so he had to babble defensively?
POTUS should join his friend WIKI LEAKS, HE LOVES WIKI LEAKS !!!
We need a new election. You can't tell me pence had no idea what was going on. Then we need to dismantle the electoral college
Timmy you are truly an ANTI-AMERICAN ASSHOLE!
You do realize you're quoting @nytimes? Deciphering hieroglyphs on used toilet paper might be a more reliable source. No offense @Charmin.
Do you ever use any real, legitimate resources or is nyt & wapo the best you can do?
Obstruction of justice = impeachment!
@nytimes Obama didn't need Russia and Russian WikiLeaks to get elected.

@nytimes senator kaine, donald trump is just a flat out damn fool.# neck is in the noose.

He can dream, right! #LockHimUp
All you folks are brain washed 2018 / 2020 no more Dems
 There are no words
We must continue to give TRMP rope....he will continue to destroy himself. Look at his life.

Dem's. Just this sounds like collusion !  Evidence & proof are two different
Was it a reassurance he felt he had to provide?How can his loyalty to Russians be ignored?  He obviously lied to them tho!Pressure still on!
"uh uh uh uh, I'LL HAVE MORE FLEXIBILITY AFTER THE ELECTION" 
  hypocrite  PO
Grotesque abuse of power and disdain for the country he represents.
Yeah, so how is that working out for ya?? @realDonaldTrump
Prove it. Not some unnamed source article from a left wing pub. Proof!
Poor loser Timmy. He hitches a ride with corrupt Clinton and now he just whines as a sore Loser.
Did you know you and clinton are losers
Great characterization!
All in the family
So wrong in so many ways! Shameful #notmypresident #votethemout
He is unhinged. No more benefit of doubt
@PrincessBravato I don't know Senator. I think blubber mouth better have taken a food taster along
FTLOG could we just get him out???
What the heck?? Braggart idiot!!
Just another example of trump saying things to make himself sound important to others. He had no clue what trouble was about to rain down.
:(
I like you, your my senator, but dont run for Pres. Saw hillary's ex campaign something say u 4 pres.... NO NO NO, sorry.
will Comey get his job back when the fool's impeached?
Keep the pressure up on the spineless GOP members.  Voters will help out with calls and at election booths in 2018

Liberal empty-head.
Putin could have leaked transcripts to lean on P45 because of Syria policy. @MarkWarner who else would've had motive? @TheDemocrats
Ooooooo Tim going there! Sweeeeeet!
Impeachment is imminent.  Say NO to Lieberman.  He's too close to Trump. Need FBI professional as Director.
Will it ever end??? He is a nightmare.  Personnaly? I think the Russians infiltrated Elect. Votes in Wis. PA, FL, maybe others. Shld b Xed
And GOP/Trump voters are fine with it! #ThisIsTheGOP #PartyOfTrump #PartyOfPutin #PartyOfTreason #PartyOfLies #PartyOverCountry #GOCCCP
Trump is such a disgrace to our country.
It's poetic that Trump firing Comey added immense pressure. #ImpeachTrump #TheResistance
Simply awful! So much stress in this country due to this president.Only jobs he's affecting positively:Psych profs, liquor &drug sales!
It makes me so angry that people decided to villainize two compassionate people and vote for a hateful bunch of ppl. Thanks for still caring
How can we deny him reentry to the country? That would be a good start.
Get back to work please. Let the process move forward without your interference
And refers to director of the FBI as a 'nut job' to the Russians. How disrespectful to the FBI and the entire US intel community.  Shameful.
and your handler. . .
What do they have on him?
What can we ordinary citizens do to lean on the GOP?Asking for a friend. Signed, fellow Richmonder. :)
Are you really that stupid? Where is any evidence. Evil pure evil.
@JanyceW you are correct. Trump is pure evil. Anyone who boasts about grabbing women by the genitals is pure evil. #impeachtrump #resist
No go back and really listen to the tape, he said "They Let You Grab Their P" consent. We all know there are sleazy women out there.Not evil
Oh, you're one of the Fox News viewers that makes excuses based on ignorance. You can go back to watching Hannity and O'Reilly. #resist
I smell a good cover up coming...
An he spoke to soon!!
Im sorry... Who are you again?
You should be my VP, Senator Kaine. We won't rest until justice is done. 45* is making it easier every day.
PUTIN has control of Air Force 1
i smell impeachment
i dont think so
Senator please fight this HARD. We need you other there front and center. Not just Schumer, Durbin, Pelosi, et al. You're uniquely qualified
Isn't that disgusting? And he calls a loyal public servant a nut job in the process. He makes me sick.
Oh come on.  Things are going juuuust fine...
It's too bad someone else running for president with lots of experience didn't see this coming or warn us
No one would have listened! People made their minds up in hate and desire for something different! https://www.thecommonercall.org/2017/05/15/two-must-see-videos-explosive-dutch-documentaries-say-trump-has-deep-ties-to-russias-mafia-underworld/ …
@nytimes There is an ongoing investigation by independent prosecutor and you need to stop the hysteria and hyperbole.
You believe the Media who have lied in the past. This is nothing more than Democrats attempting a Coup. Shame on you.
Exactly
Is it obstruction, Senator?
Is it treason senator? Rhetorical question I know the answer
With your "family", too, right Paul?
Help..us.
