Nobody cares Tim Kaine! Just think of all the little girls that #BillClinton & Jeff Epstein ruined from this dream! The DNC are terrorists!

Wow, that quote is more fake than alternative facts.
18 followers pretty impressive! 
And? I'm not in twitter for followers, just for information at time. Stupid who think somebody worth more because of followers.
Congratulations to her! @sherrilee7 @nyuniversity
You're an actor too 
Ya, it's just pretend, it's alllll in your head 
Hope to see her on the big screen, you have a beautiful family!!
Congrats!!
Hey #ProudDad what about your son Woody.  You proud of him or just your ability to keep him out of jail? Now that is obstruction of justice!
.@timkaine .@AnneHolton Congrats to you both as well!!
Congrats and cheers to a great group of friends/graduates!
We luv good news !! Congrats to her !
Congrats!
Going to be an actor like her daddy, Ha? Just make sure she follows the script.

I'm sure you'll be real proud when she grows up and becomes a left wing loon living in Hollywood.
congratulations Senator - although I'm pretty sure she got her smarts (and looks) from the other side of the family
CONGRATULATIONS!  #TimKaine2020-2024
Congratulations to Annella!
CONGRATULATIONS ANNELLA!!

Congratulations to all of you
Congratulations to Annella :)
Congratulations to your daughter and family!

I guess acting runs in the family! LOL
Awesome!  My son @bls1999 starts at Steinhardt in the fall!  
Congratulations proud papa!
Congratulations Sir I know you're proud
Very appropriate picture for a father to post!!!  Congratulations!
Congratulations, sir!
"Congratulations"! To: Annella! 
Congratulations!
Congratulations !
Congratulations mr kaine my best wishes
Congratulations to her and her parents. Well done.
Congratulations! What a great accomplishment !
Mazel tov to you and your family!
Congratulations to you and your family!
My Mom went to NY University and she was a smart wonderful person.  I hope your daughter does at least as well.
Congrats! I'm an NYU Tisch alum myself. Good luck to her in the future!
Congratulations to your daughter @timkaine !  Hope to see her on Broadway, in movies...?
Awww congrats to Annella! She's gorgeous!
Wonderful Congratulations 
One of our had Graduation last week...two done, two more to go :) 
Congratulations
Congratulations!
Congratulations Senator. I remember when I graduated my parents were more excited than i
Nice, congratulations
Congratulations to your daughter and whole family.
Congratulations!
Congratulations to her! What a beautiful name!
Congratulations to you and your family.
Congratulations !
Congratulations, proud dad!  Savor the day.
Congratulations Senator and to Annella and family
Congratulations
Congratulations to your amazing daughter and your family in her graduation success! She has a beautiful and interesting life ahead of her!
Congrats, Senator.
Congrats to Annella!
Very nice know go to work on getting trump out.  DO SOMETHING
Congrats...my kids got degrees in things they don't use in their gainful employment too.
She's beautiful Senator! Congrats! @nyuniversity
She gets it from her dad. He's been trying to act like a decent human being for years. Not so well though.
Quien pago su universidad?estas trabajando en arreglar ese problema de los loan o que?solo la gente rica y con INFLUENCIAS puede or a la U?
Congratulations!
Congratulations, Annella! What an accomplishment. You must be a proud Dad, @timkaine
congratulations!!!
Congratulations to your daughter.
Who pay for the loan?r uworking to fix that problem?or it is the case that now tha the university is 4 rich & ppl with power and influences?
Congratulations all of you! Dad & Mom 4 great parenting, and your daughter for her accomplishments!  
Congrats!
Congratulations Senator!
Adorable papa-gushing is allowed
Congrats to her!
She get's her skills from you- best actor i know
You could take a lesson.
Congrats!!
Mazel tov.
Congrats Senator! 
Way to go, annella!!
Congrats Senator.  She favors @justdemi
Congratulations!!!
Congratulations.
Congratulations #ProudDad!
Congratulations !
Congrats Mr. Vice President.
Congratulations!!
Congratulations to her!
Congratulations!!

Congratulations.
Congratulations
Congratulations!
Bravo!
congratulations!
Congrats to you and Annella!!
Aw that's great congrats!
Congratulations Annella.
Well done Annella!
Congratulations to you both!
