Thank you, Sen. Kaine for protecting our ! I hope your Rep. colleagues will do the same.
thank you Senator Kaine.  Many of us tried to make you our Vice President.  I am ashamed about what happened.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Despite GOP selective email blinders, those #Pruitt emails still have to be released, right?
Please push for delay of Pruitt vote until he has turned over court ordered Emails.
Thank you!
Guess this is why the good people of Flint MI had good, clean water?  Your attention? EPA failed under previous administration!
If you guys would put as much time and energy in passing responsible bills, we would be much better off.  Stop haggling!
I sent a email to my MD Senator and no response. My federal job is on the line.
Thank you!
sad day@#TheResistance #Indivisible
you are so out of touch
thank you for supporting clean air water & healthy Americans
thank you! Let's hope others do so as well as this administration hates animals and the environment
thank you.
Keep up the fight please don't let Trump and his Russian buddies take over America!
POTUS deserves his or her Cabinet picks as several Democrats have mentioned in past. Y'all are obstructionists
You're a sore loser and determined to vote no on every candidate this admin offers
thank you for watching out for us Senator Kaine.
@John_Podesta still a bad choice for V P
Thank you, Senator Kaine
Lobby the GOP Senators who u could influence to vote no to Pruitt
Well, guess that didn't matter. Soon neither will the Democrats. Things are changing and the Neanderthals can help or get out way
HR 861 "The EPA shall terminate December 31, 2018" 1 sentance. Introduced in the House. GET YOUR FIGHT ON
thank you and what about @marcorubio @SenBillNelson
why haven't you gone away yet...?
#ThankYou & Stay #Healthy!  #Mindfully #Grateful for your #hardwork
thank you for your vote against Scott Pruitt's nomination. There's no place for climate change denial at @EPA!
Thank you!
thank you!!!!!!!
Thank you!
As a biology major from @williamandmary and someone who believes in science/reality I thank you for voting no
Thank you
Thank You!
Did you tell America about your ties to Soros? Communist Nazi running your Party and paying everyone to do his bidding?
I hope ur all stalling on this one until those 3000 emails r produced to the OK judge.
thank you Senator!
There is more to Pruitt than meets the eye. Glad u are voting no.
thank you for your integrity!
Did you hear of OK judge's order for Pruitt to produce by Tues 3K documents he's been refusing to release? What might surface?!
thank you.
polluters externalize the cost of their production onto the public. 2 options don't pollute or pay for the cost to clean up.
Thank you!!!  Please don't let him be confirmed!!  We have too many in his cabinet are a disaster. I am so frightened
No, you're voting no because you're a Democrat. You voted no on every nominee.
stay strong tonight Senator!
Thank you for your common sense & mindful long-term reasoning. VA and US needs you: plz don't move anywhere!
Thank you Senator Kaine for your no vote against Pruitt!
thank you for looking out for our environment and our future! #nopruitt
Thank you.
- thank you!  My family lives in Oklahoma.  They are tired of earthquakes!
Thank you for voting NO .on Pruitt, who is for deregulation of rules to protect our AIR, WATER, WILDLIFE and EARTH for us!  
thank you
Thank you.
please lobby to get Senate Repubs to vote no also for the sake of our children.
thank you senator please share with your GOP peers we the people will hold them  and Trump accountable
Thank you!!! We need you! 45 & cronies are trying to destroy Mother Earth with their croneyism & horrid policies! Scared!!!
you are our hero. Keep after 'em.
The people voted no for you and Hillary. That's all that gets. #byefelicia
thank you for your sanity.
thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you for doing the right thing.
thank you for protecting our environment and us!!
Thank you for standing up for us. We will stand up for you.
Thanks for your no vote. Please work on all the Republicans who put party above common sense. Every day seems to get worse.
@landolfi thank you!
thank you for voting no on Pruitt. He is bad for people and other living things.
Thank you for working for the good of the planet.
@GetBZLiving thank you!
support the environment
thank you from someone who works at a watershed council
thank you!!!!
Thank you senator, our environment needs all the protection it can get. When will trump be impeached?
Thanks, Senator Kaine.
you're voting against the will of your constituents
Thank you Senator Kaine!
thank you.
Thank you Senator. I am one of the few who can count on their senator to do the right thing!
.@timkaine thank u 4 standing 4 our environment
thank you!
I am in total agreement with you!
high school equiv to go to accred community colleges, retrain for medical, education, technology vs digging coal. Common sense.
45 promised coal country jobs. Water will be polluted (James River). If smart, devos wld have programs to educate that population:
YAY for 
so you like killing jobs.  keeps your voters on welfare.  good for you
Thank you. I've called my senators today, but I'm in SC and they seem to favor him. Glad you're fighting for me and my family.
Thank you Senator!
what does that matter? We all know anything Republican you and all the Libs will note against!! You think we can't see that?
Thank you. Environmental protection is important to me...even if I have to pay more for it. Small & efficient is the future.
save urself time just day "I'm obstructing Trump every step of the way". You lost
thank you
thank you!  This is most disturbing.  Exec actions and laws can be reversed, not environmental damage.
Thank you Senator @timkaine
thank you!
you have a history of supporting LIARS, thieves, and corruption
Thank you!!! Now if you can at least het other democrats to vote against like @Sen_JoeManchin from WV!!!
.@timkaine thank you for standing up FOR the environment by speaking out AGAINST #PollutingPruitt! We couldn't agree more.
Outstanding, Tim! Its a patriotic act to oppose this enemy of the environment and our irreplaceable Chesapeake Bay!
Who owns Flint Michigan drinking water crimes that contaminated poor kids with lead?
thank you!!
thank you. Keep up the fight.
Thank you
Since Trump won't sign off on declassifying the Senate Russian investigation we'll have to rely on leaks.
Thank you Senator Kaine, I appreciate your vote
About time you voted no on one of these people
You'll need to do some explaining of all your yes votes to your people
No to Pruitt!!
Thank you, Sen. Kaine.  Pruit should not be confirmed. No 1 who cares about the future of our planet should vote 4 him.
the problem is most of @GOP will profit #tremendously #destroying   is more important than future of #humanity #pollutingPruitt
Thank you for defending our environment. #StopPruitt
THANK YOU, MR KAINE
thank you
you would vote no if it was Mother Teresa.  Just a Democrat who will do nothing to help America.
And that is just one among many reasons that we love you.  
just tell the truth u are voting no cause u are a sore loser footnote in history. Ppl will them crooked hill but not u so sad
thank you! From williamsburg, VA
thank you, Senator Kaine!  Appreciate your fight and your no vote!
wait, are Captain Planet villains real?
thank you, sir
Keep up your backbone...many seem to have lost it.  We are here supporting you! #majority #SaveOurWorld
You vote NO, no matter what.American ppl wanted Trump,not Hillary/Kaine.. Get over it!Do you job and don't put up roadblacks
Please call for investigation into Republican TREASON!!!
Convince Heitkamp.
god what a mess we are in.
Thank you, Senator!
With a "D" behind your name, you are a constant "no" to everything logical and good.
thank tou
this is why I voted FOR you!  Thank you for all you are doing.
"polluters". Really u are bat crazy.  He never said that.  We beg of you please let's get this administration up and working
Can someone in the Senate Democrats please talk some sense into to @SenatorHeitkamp and @Sen_JoeManchin and vote no on #Pruitt
he has to be stopped. Maybe he and @jiminhofe can run a snow cone stand. They have no business in environmental issues.
Funny how Dems never mention jobs when discussing the EPA. I guess @timkaine ignores SW VA like most VA politicians.
Thank you
Thank you Tim Kaine! This VA voter approves.
@RealMikeWilley Kaine you are a lying dude. I would love to see you go, it's coming.
And please do all you can to fight against doing away w/ EPA & Endangered Species Act.  I am a constituant from Arlington, VA
thank you!
I appreciate your work for Virginians.  I wish the President was working for US.
Please man, do something about this nut running our country!!!!   I AM BEGGING YOU GUYS TO FIGHT HARD!!
Thank you, Senator.
Thank YOU!
Thank you.
@sturgeongal Thank you, Sen. Kaine. But what are the chances? Can Pence fire him or Ryan once they become Presidents respectively?
thank you! Now get a few more friends across the aisle to join you! (From a constituent)
What side was he on then, Sir? Do you think this time he'll be on our side as an ethical man would?
Than You!
I can't wait to vote you out in 2018.
can you provide quotes to that effect or are you just being a party hack?
thank you  now how about some vocal opposition to HR 861 which would eliminate the EPA altogether?
you should have voted no to all his appointees obstruct like a Republican assclown
@SenFeinstein Very sad day for us all if Pruitt confirmed, which he will be.  Leaving a terrible mess for generations.#CleanWorld
. #Kill2Regs2Add1 plan will allow #pollutingPruitt to destroy 
@annekbrooks thanks Tim
many thanks for standing up for our kids and our planet!
You would vote no on anything coming from this WH.Just can't get over loosing ,can't you?!But you still have a cushy job so cope!!
Thank you Senator Kaine! Virginians are with you!
- Thank you.
Thank you Senator Kaine for standing up for our environment!
Thanks for the NO on Pruitt. Much appreciated!
Thank you so very much!
thank you for serving the people
thank you.
thank you senator for working for the American people. God bless
thank you!
Thank you! And yay on @SenatorCollins ! And @SenGillibrand ! And many others! We need more, though! #SaveEPA
Gutting the EPA is too dangerous, we need a strong, but sensible, EPA in place. It's good to agree with you Senator.
thannnkk youuuuuu!!!!!!
Thank you, @timkaine.
TY. Now, will you go tell my 2 Senators this? @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson,did you hear this?Do the same.And, have a Town Hall.
My wife saw a Kaine 2018 bumper sticker today. Does that mean we get a redo on the presidential election when Trump is jailed? 
we need the EPA thank you
I really think he is the worst of all the cabinet picks. The failings of other ones can be undone in a generation, but not this.
so true.
Can you PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE get some of your Republican collegues to join you??  #IAmBeggingYou
U LIE!
Source?
Thank you and please keep it up
Thank you Senator Kaine! We, the people, need some heroes and I am grateful to have you on our side!
Another out of stater...if you don't care don't follow!?
How many people do you need to remind you how not to behave?
You must need a lot of reminding, stay strong in not being a cuck coward or whatever.
thank you  we need are planet and for people to look out for it.
