He won't resign bc right now he's safe from arrest.
Maybe not for long....??Investigation continues.
Hey Tim, is your boy still running with the terrorist group Antifa?  Because if he is I'm looking forward to the beat down coming his way.
R you sorry about yourself that you clinton did make it to the white house ?
You call what the MSM has been doing for 6 months criticism? I would call it lying to try & take down the @POTUS while Congress condones
The "Mika" rant is an all time low for any world leader ever. He is an embarrassment to the office and a danger to our great nation. 2018
We heard nothing about these bills on broadcast news. We need 2 b watchful 360.
With him, the kitchen isn't enough, he should get out of the house.
THEN GET OUT OF THE KITCHEN..
He has gone too far, is there no limit?
If you can stand the heat - resign - thus making America great again!
TRUMP pays for them. Ivana runs a sweatshop, Eric. steals from charity, Don Jr. kills rare species, all 3 help take bribes.   2 are okay.
And you know this how?  If you are talking about the Clinton Crime Family Foundation, that's another story.
Stay out of the White House Kitchen! Better yet get out of America's House!
How long will this country put up with this HORRIBLE employee?

Trump you're a rock star baby, eveybody wants you! Lol    

   -Eminem
Thankfully, you'll never be in the kitchen.
I feel like someone warned us in November that he did not have the temperament to be @POTUS.  Oh yeah, it was the person that got more votes
How many illegal votes were there?
Lol unfounded accusations. Nice try though, if Trump says it it must be true! Never understand how people can blindly follow this joke.
This was a question. Do you have an answer? Or just do not support Trump.
I think est. 50 voter fraud cases won in the past 5-10 years nationwide. Far reach 2 suggest @potus won Pop-U-Ler don't believe me though
Are you dissasociating this to the orifinal claim of illegal voting. The court cases was simply a side note. Even O said no one w b foundout
Our President is doing just fine we love his tweets
go climb back under you rock
Hi Tim!
Remember your embarrassing loss?  
I do.
#TrumpTrain
#Trump
#TimLost
"Get out of the White House" !" Lordy, I wish there were tapes!
"CRITICISM" from press? A proven "WITCH HUNT"! Americans w/common sense KNOW the difference! You are diabolical, corrupt & treasonous goons
Yes!!!!  "get OUT of The White House!!!!!
Thank you Senator Kaine for standing up to Trump!
Lol says the shit bird
@realDonaldTrump
U dont criticise.
U LIE! U SIN!
Ur guilty of 5th Commndmnt.
Its U who cant stnd heat of losin.
U judge & sentence
Yesterday while the #president threw the #media 4 a loop, the #GOP #HouseofRepresentatives passed 2 bills on #Immigration.
We need 2 learn 2 deal w this #president crass behavior while paying attention 2 what #GOP is doing in #Congress.
So true, so true Tim Kaine#!
Also a famous quote by Truman " An honest public servant can't become rich in politics.”  How much did you and Hilary clear last year asshol
. . . a few million voters would be more than happy to get you out of the kitchen!
.....get the%$@ out of the kitchen!!
You're such a joke. Unreal how the swamp & MSM has made it out to be. An outsider against all & still winning. Your all going to get ulcers.
Coming from a man that was complaining that his running mate poor HRC was being criticized for things she had done. Kind of hypocritical
Thank goodness we don't know if you could handle it, Tim.
I said that just last night
Twilight Zone. 
Yes, he should step down, taking Pence & Ryan with him!
"....get off the golf course."
You're so confused. Trump handles criticism just fine. When it goes both ways is what's got you tore up.
Pls find some $ in budget 2 get  president personal trainer he is breathing heavy very emotional and stressed needs a nutritionist as well
#FridayFeeling
Exactly
Get out of the White House?
Glad you are my rep in Congress
You just can't handle Trump won. Deal with it Tim. Stop crying & get to work. Do something useful for the country.
He’s a coward and a compulsive liar, oh, and a narcissist.
O.K., he's outrageous, but please get back to defending the ACA. Thank you!
The country needs a do-over. Donald needs rest. With proper meds and years of therapy he can run again. I'm thinking 2040.
Hillary could barely make it through the campaign. Trump out worked her and kicked that behind!
#Delusional #Sad
He can't stand criticism of anyone. I still can't believe he's our POTUS.
But I do. I voted for him and will vote for him in 2020
I have never seen so much venom, hate, ridicule, ignominious and vicious attacks on a President.  It is  despicable and un American
Criticism is one thing, insults is entirely different. Oh hey, how's your son doing? In jail yet?
Troll
... get out of the kitchen.  No dog for Trump. He's an abuser. Ref: other Truman quote.
Timmy , if you can't win the election and beat Donald Trump you should get out of the kitchen
Listen to Chris Matthew's diatribe last night. This crap is nightly & u wanna cry about 1 tweet. No more push overs.
Who is @timkaine .... Really who?!?!?!
And u don't think he takes criticism. MSM spews it 24/7. Oh what a shame he pushes back. Quit crying 
get out of the kitchen...trump doesn't even belong in the house
He doesn't belong in this earth!!!
Let's see how you react to being called a Nazi by major newspapers for over a year.
Ok, toolbag. Go away
President* Trump
I have a teen and see how the kids behave. Even while learning they do not put ppl down. This must go further than a slap on the wrist #GOP
Everybody can put him down, despite his political stature, but is he does it is contemptuous?  Is that fair? Isn't it double standards?
....RESIGN!
Pres Truman straight shooter and I am sure criticized during his term. TRUMP is a man-child.
Most of it's not even criticism they will repeat what he's said and oh it's fake news like we're all stupid& cant hear what he says lol
He is standing it just fine and standing up to it is exactly how he should handle it
You must have no moral compass like him if you support his lack of decency character and honesty
Personal attack on someone you do not even know. Typical lib response when you have no compelling argument. Hope you enjoy the new USA MAGA
The FAKE @POTUS @realDonaldTrump can't even handle people having more scoops of ice cream than him.
No it was not like that HE  had more scoops than everybody else.
Omg like I really give a fuck... point is... he's the only one allowed w/ 2 scoops it's been documented already so please K.I.M.
So what?  Is that treason?
Sensitive much? It's a light-sarcastic comment. That's not treason but undermining the  people surely is... good day to you.
Then he should GET OUT OF TGE WHITE HOUSE. Take your Minions with you
Question Tim, where do you stand on Kate's Law? Will you vote yes or will you side with illegal aliens? #KatesLaw
Please get out of the kitchen @POTUS
And yet when Obama was called the divider-in-chief...
A Fox commentator said it best yesterday:
"People called Obama every name in the book, but you didn't see him lash out.”
 #MorningJoe
Yeah, all he did was put the IRS and NSA on them.
Not everybody relishes being a weak kneed pansy
Doubt U could take the 24/7 bashing either!  If this happened 2 Obama, they all would have been labeled racists! Funny how tolerant U aren't
Compare the amount of time spent on criticizing this President, his family, his administration etc.

Criticize the idea not the person!
That's BS and you know it.
He hasn't progressed since age 12.
Whiney Tim.
It's painfully obvious @realDonaldTrump can't handle the heat.
@timkaine if he can't stand the heat don't tweet!!
Exactly! @realDonaldTrump needs to resign an embarrassment to our country. He's unfit an unqualified. Also illegitimate.
@timkaine u need to worry more about your son. POTUS is doing fine. MAGA 
He is not doing fine he lacks character decency and honesty
yes criticism is fair making fun of his voice his kids his hair his genitalia his handshake his sanity and fake Russia isn't fair!
@timkaine I agree. Trump insults anyone he wants, but if anyone does it to him he acts like a #Crybaby Majority of Americans wants him OUT!
Be honest. No President have been more insulted than him.
Trump is insane. The "heat" is just making it worse. He must be removed
"If you can't stand the heat get off the  course"
I bet he doesn't know the rest of the quote...
Please make it happen. 45 has crossed the line too many times . Bring back integrity to the WH.  PLEASE, America 
Get out of the House!
Pls mr trump get OUT of the fire! @realDonaldTrump
Who are you again?
And who are you?
I'm his boss.
His mob boss
Poor Timmy. At least you and your corrupt Queen Hillary are not in the White House.
There's a difference between negative media coverage and going on air to slander the president for two hours every morning.
I'm a VA res & I'm done w outrage over stupid tweets. He's not doing his job up to standard, likely bc he's mentally ill. He needs to go.
It's not a matter of not being able to handle it, he's just going to dish it right back out and you and the press can't handle THAT!
...ask Putin if you can defect to Russia & crash in Putin's dacha?
...get out of the White House
No, we elected him to be there for  8 years.  
Here we go America. We have a madman as President.
...get out of the kitchen. Preferably, NOW!
It isn't criticism when they are pushing a false agenda because you and Meemaw lost.  If you can't stand to lose, too bad, get over it.
Outrage is visceral @Potus who once again displays why #UnfitToServe ! No more excuses for him @tedcruz @JohnCornyn @SpeakerRyan
The worse part of it all is the time he spends watching cable TV and tweeting.   That's not how I want my tax dollars spent.
Do you remember he sleep only 4 hours.  I did not want my money spent on golf and family vacations, or gifting it to Iran but shit happens
Explain to me why the president hasn't held a news conference in four months.
We know why Hillary chose you
Let's see your hands senator. We will all do better if policy is criticized on all sides. Mika went personal. Maybe she can't stand the heat
If me & my family are attacked everyday I would fight back as well. Fake News stories proven & supported by Dumbocrats. Liars & hypocrites.
When a bunch of "adult" 1%ers decide to use their professional positions to call each other names. Sad. Funny. Politics is USA. Human too.
Tell him that directly please.
A person reveals his character so clearly by the joke he resents. #repost
PLEASE "...get out of the kitchen." Oh, please
If you can't stand the heat burn down the kitchen.
@timkaine with all due respect, "There exisist CRITICISM and INSULTS"-The very two distinct things! #MAGA
Without due respect he lacks decency character honesty he attacks people our institutions allies he lies has no moral compass
Huh! Hilarious..! I completely concur with @POTUS. The irresponsible media, as @Morning_Joe and @morningmika DESERVED what got..#FakeNews
A Fox commentator said it best:
"People called Obama every name in the book, but you didn't see him lash out.” He has no moral compass do u
What the MSM is doing is not criticism, it's flat out lying & perpetuating division & false narratives. Big difference! Trump fights back!
I'm so relieved to live in a state that is represented/protected by @timkaine @MarkWarnerVA and @TerryMcAuliffe Keep VA blue!!
You really have no clue to what the American people need, listen to the people not to your party
Or... he could just continue to Club Democrats like baby seals.... #HackapickPrez
I can only imagine the melt down you would have #TermLimits
yeah, what do we do when he gets his feelings hurt from a foreign leader.
Leave the little kids alone freak
Trump handles criticism almost as well as a young adolescent. I see more emotional maturity in my 13 y/o grandson.
Then look at your grandson and not to Trump.
I would be delighted to do so, but unfortunately he keeps showing up on my news feed. Presidents are pesty that way.
Seriously- None of this is "normal". Its dividing our Country. Only Congress can get him out and restore our Government. #ImpeachNow
The only thing dividing the country is the Socialist left that won't accept their defeat.
I believe the complete Truman quote was "If you can't stand the heat, stay out of the kitchen, snowflake."
another appropriate Truman quote:  If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog.
A free press is critical 2 a democracy   The alternative - ask the Russians & N Koreans
One thing is honest criticism and another very different is the venom hate, ridicule, ignominy they are throwing at the President. Shameful
you libtards have been hitting him since day one, now you cant take it. Guess what, we got Trumps back and you will all be gone soon.
He should be able to stand the heat.Those tanning beds are beyond hot. #crazytrump #UnfitToServe #MorningJoe
Trumplethinskin
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the tanning booth

How about you folks elected in DC do your job. Help him out of the kitchen and  impeach him!
You would like that don't you.  But were happy while OVOMIT destroyed our country.  Very smart.
Criticizing policies is not what left-steam media does. They attack our PRESIDENT on a personal level along with his family and team.
trump is a bully attacks our core institution allies lacks character and honesty are you brainwashed or have no moral character like him
Typical lefty lib. All you know is violence and name calling fellow Americans. Another reason why Dems lost
Coming from somebody who's own son is a convicted domestic terrorist
Except the press has historically been light on Dems and heavy on bashing Reps. If you're a Dem, you're blind to your #LiberalPrivilege.
Trumpism: If you cant stand the heat, tweet lies about the stove, sue the gas company, blackmail the meter man and fired the furnace.
Sounds like he knew about @morningmika and her condition!  She and Joe started this 24/7 bashing!
I think he's handling it very well; the Press, when exposed for their bias, are not not.
Guess you forgot all the attacks on obama for 8 yrs from right winged press he took it
If you can't take the heat maybe you shouldn't be a journalist dishing it out. It looks like you guys are the ones whining
It's awful & it's diversionary - but it's also dangerous. He gets mean & does irrational destructive stuff. We need to get him out of there.
Really? On what charges dear.
Analog to the #aca...Could we depose him now and impeach later..?
Except this isn't your normal run of the mill criticism. This is a disgusting display of a liberal biased media in it's death throws.
They've realized @realDonaldTrump circumvent their Liberal Agenda nonsense by communicating directly with people and they can't handle it.
Nailed it!
get out of the kitchen...bid off!
you should be VP.  :(
Thank God he isn't!
someone told Americans he was not fit to be Potus, but they did not believe her!
"Waaa! The guy we call a racist, islamophobic, incestuous, narcissistic traitor DAILY said one of us had a facelift!"
The horror!

Spare me.
Point/Counterpoint: he's not a real President, sooooo...
He's your president for 8 years snowflake so...
It's OK to lie about Melania doing porn or to mock Barron for being autistic, but don't you dare say Mika Brzezinski had a facelift.
It's like he is stuck in junior high.
He can't handle much of anything. I mean, have you seen the size of his hands? Wait, no, you haven't. #ittybitty
@bttr_as1 Why are we not insisting POTUS undergo a neuropsychological evaluation! #FrontotemporalDementia
Well,  I agree.  But let start with the irrationality of DemoRATS in Congress.
I appreciate the response. Lots of work to do in both parties. But POTUS instability stands on its own and in desperate need of attention
Inestability is YOUR perception, it does not have to be a fact.
He's a CHILD- can not even stand productive criticism- that's bad for POTUS. Wth does he have these ppl around him?? Cause he HAS to??
I'm also not sure why Trump feels the need to keep the American people informed on which morning shows he likes and doesn't like.
I spent 3 years seeing the facts before the MSM ever saw them. Trump is 100% right about the biased media It's good that he pointed it out
Hard truths cut both ways.
GET OUT OF THE JOB!!!!
No dear,  we want him there to MAGA and drain the SWAMP
From Adlai Stevenson: “If the Republicans will stop telling lies about the Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them.“
yeah...well this was a tv show host...so.....
Forget the kitchen, get out of our White House!
He's your president for 7 years!
I prefer the old political maxim: "Only a weakling will suffer no criticism."
Get out of the kitchen
#AmericanPravda
