Graham-Cassidy 2.0 is out -- and it's protections for pre-existing conditions look even weaker http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_59c86943e4b06ddf45f8c269 …
Everyone has a pre existing condition . Why do you think this is a new concept.
Because now everyone can be made uninsurable due to those prexisting conditions
How can insurance companies make money if they don't offer people  insurance.
Oh & they may offer you insurance but not cover prexisting or charge so much it's not affordable
That's why insurance companies have pools that people with pre existing conditions can join to defer costs
Good reading here
I did before Obamacare  .
Actually it's called the affordable care act & hopefully it will be fixed so everyone can afford coverage
I saw your face in that hearing today. Thanks for being there.
The time to act is NOW! Let it be in the history that you helped save lives of the needy serve as a voice to the voiceless stop Graham  Now#
@RoyBlunt time to punt Roy. Show us where your humanity lies...
#fakenews
I do not understand why these physician politicians like Paul Cassidy & Price who are all against ACA unbelievable Drs against health ins??
It's hard to believe you support a 60% increase in premiums for the people of Virginia who do you work for?
isn't amazing how bad things come out of bad things
Has the emergency in Puerto Rico even been considered by your GOP colleagues. That is a real tragedy
Notice how it will affect more in Virginia because we're a blue state?! He's punishing us for not voting republican over 800k will lose ins
False how do you dems live with yourselves, its not anti #gramcassidy its anti Trump and you know it! ur saying no to$ 4 VA shame
Senate is passing the buck to the states to craft healthcare for all.
Obama care does not begin to cover all pre existing conditins.  Tell the truth!  You are a liar
Keep fighting Senator Kaine, thank you !
Vote no. How can @GOP do this to the American public???  It's heartless
Why are they not giving Democrats what they want to vote on yeah thier donors
Not hard anything for a win democracy at its worse how can Americans come together when division at highest level
#Crooked Donald
Keep fighting!
we must make the Republicans pay in 2018 for putting us through this. We have to vote them out.
Just when think Republicans can't be more evil....
HealthCare 3 is like an annoying ex “baby ive changed!”
This is all part of Agenda 21 depopulation program to get rid of 77 million Americans w/terminal and/or Chronic conditions.
SHOULD ODUMBO CARE PAY FOR PEDOPHILE WIENER TO GET PSYCH TREATMENT OR SHOULD WE REMOVE HIS WEINER
Sad that we could be fighting for #Medicare4All but because of Clinton's hubris we are once again trying to save #RomneyCare from the Cheeto
YOUR THOUGHTS ON HUMA'S HUBBY WIENER SEXTING A 15 YR OLD AND SENTENCED TO 21 MONTHS IN PRISON TODAY
#MAHPTL - Repubs Make America a Horrible Place to Live!
You have zero credibility A proven liar. The democrats brought a us the worst healthcare bill ever. Anything would be better Repeal the ACA
@SenatorCollins @SenCapito @lisamurkowski @SenJohnMcCain please vote no
What kind of hateful Senators would vote for this!?!
My house is currently on fire.  I would like to purchase fire insurance, be guaranteed coverage, and not pay more than anyone else for it.
You lost, will you just go away already.
#GrahamCassidy #TrumpCare NO NO @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski !
All you have to know about Senator Kaine is he supports "Antifa"
They are a  American Terrorist white supremacist group.
Let me help w Cliff Notes: difference is bribes to Maine & Alaska. @SenSusanCollins @lisamurkowski
But you allowed the government to force the SCAM OF OBAMACARE on the working American? You creep. Congress needs Obamacare also.
First of all it's hard to believe the Tim Kaine is even a senator, that he would have an opinion on anything that would matter.
Sen. Kaine, they really don’t know what they’re doing. They are serving so many evils they’ve become blind & don’t have Americans in mind!
Ted Cruz and Mike Lee are gutless and won’t vote no! This bill is not a plan at all. It is too reckless! We need bipartisan solutions.
How is it hard to understand? They just want to kill the ACA. They don't care about healthcare. Almost none of our politicians seem to.
Senator Kaine, GOP Senators boldly stand in front of Americans and lie? I am sick of all these liars!
Senator, can you go kick DJT in his pants and remind him to take care of our people in the Caribbean?
You are a liar Tim. Bugger off.
Honestly, these worse-and-worse bills are a negotiation tactic I've seen before. Make future offers so bad the other person 1/
Tries to bargain back up enough so end result is same as first bad offer. It's a lousy way to negotiate and a worse way to work on bills. 2/
You can thank the Clinton's and Obama for the Nuke problem. They gave them the power to create the Nukes.
Study the history of the Clintons/;Obama. Both helped our enemies develop Nukes.
He's  standing up to the ones that Obama bowed down to.  We do not take constant threats and bowing down to this terrorist isn't  good.
You gotta' wonder about the sanity of Mitch...!!!
I'd like to vote republicans out. They hate Americans. Love big business.
Is it really THAT hard to believe though?
Why do they hate American's. Party over country - Money over country! Sounds patriotic - Not!
It's ok. That happens from time to time in order for them to gain political leverage. Happened less than 2 years ago IIRC.
not if you call it uninsurance or noninsurance.
trying to flip Rand
It's all about the 'W'. At any cost. And the "O", of course.
I believe it. R's can't make anything better. Only worse.
Not hard to believe when a few hateful jerks are writing it.
Why is it hard to believe when insurance companies are writing these bills and have been from the beginning?
What are you doing to get the US Abraham Lincoln to Puerto Rico?
It's like trying to flail around won't produce good legislation.  Who knew it could be so complicated?
