Trump administration planning sharp cuts in programs promoting health care enrollment under the Affordable Care Act. http://apne.ws/nI80SJH 
Constantly supplying more money to a failed system - that's not a real improvement! What about the millions Dems w/o insurance and no help?
it makes no sense to me why they won't reach across the aisle & work to fix what doesn't work. Repub don't care about the people
Keep spewing your liberal crap! It'll help your party lose again in the next election! #Karma
Senator! Please support the Shea-Porter Amendment to restore funding to the Navigator programs that are crucial to enrollment!
You #LOST #America wins!
$100 mil to advertise ACA. Waste of money. Good job Mr President
As does your son he continues to sabotage your career
What more do you expect taxpayers to do to help your family?Already pay for your http://healthcare.How  about we pay legal defense for son?
Liar, you are a poser catholic who says, help the children yet you support UNplanned MURDERhood, current slavery of today, selling Blacks
Thanks for your advocacy!! I still remember meeting you at a NCG conference in Richmond when you were Governor of VA (see my profile pic).
Healthcare is not an entitlement. You want ins you pay for it. Your forcing the rest of the country to support it. That's ILLEGAL.
Please STOP! CALLING THAT CON MAN, PRES! HE CONNIVED, CHEATED &  OBSTRUCTED JUSTICE TO SLITHER INTO RHE WH! U KNW BTTR THN ANY1!
Hey Timmy,  Since you have none please grab some - wait - you do that all the time.  Get a life and pray for redemption!
Thank God you are not VP
This from the bozo team who sent us into the misery of donor $$ for them crappy costly rationed healthcare for US - aka Obamacare
What can you do to stop this madness?
Healthcare was fine until our government messed with it.
Maybe you need to focus on your own family first sir!
Blah,  omg so right!!!
Remind us of the improvements you are currently sponsoring. Show us real leadership, not just talk about what you perceive about others
Sorry...........but Dims are not leaders. 
Never have been; Never will be.
"If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor"
Sabotage system designed to destroy the middle class! Sky high rates & Obamacare doesn't pay for anything because of crazy huge deductibles
republicans have been making moves for such a long time to see that ACA failed or harder to enroll they must go 2018
The Dems sat on their asses and LIED to the public about Obamacare. Pelosi told others NOT to read the bill, just sign it.
Tim, you need to either resign or get voted-OUT next year. 
You're in the wrong job.
Obama sabotaged our healthcare you clown
It already failed  where have you been?
...And senator Kaine continues playing identity politics, with a full knowledge that there's no mention of healthcare in the Constitution.
This healcare system is toast because it imploded. VERY bad idea!

#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Then stop talking and start acting. Stop him, get him out of office. Do your job.
Yeah okay. Exactly WHY should our doofus POTUS be removed from office? What crime did he commit? Yeah. Silence. That's what I thought.
So #ImpeachTrump ALREADY. Trumps not in office to lead & help people. He in to enrich himself
The beatings will continue until morale improves
Ni**a f**k yo sh*tas* healthcare! Pay dis $ fo what!? Cr*p is Garbage
The democrats are the ones sabotaged the health care system
t kaine truly is delusional.
Why waste money promoting a program that is dying and will be gone soon enough?
What's sad is that politics are now relayed by tweet. Time for ALL policy meetings to be televised. No more behind closed doors $hit!

I don't believe that actual Americans believe that your statement is true. You are a sad excuse of an American.
What an asshole..I do not go to doctors because of rich entitled people like him
Vile
You have the answer?? Right. You had your chance looser.
He's not a President for the people. He's a President for the RICH people.
Yeah right. Keep smokin your weed and killing your unborn babies. Hatefilled inbreed
Where is that denunciation of your son's terrorist group ANTIFA?
I would recommend your opponent in 2018 use the MSNBC clip and the mugshot in ad. Just renounce them like a man, coward.
Isn't there a way to stop him?He thinks he's a dictator-acts like one.Senate & Congress: Please stand Up and use ALL legal means
Perhaps you should read the Constitution.
And what are you doing Senator besides whining and tweeting?
May I suggest the the Dems pick up the slack in the advertising?  We need ACA since there is nothing to replace it!
Tim you lost stop bad mouthing our President. He is President a little respect would get you further.
He is a bully
Why? Because YOU don't like him? Please, present your opinion based arguments...
Cuts only the ones that are physically able to work shouldn't be there anyway


Blue Cross is pulling out of exchanges in Atlanta due to uncertainties regarding ACA.
ending #DACA&deporting ALL illegals-THAT will be a huge relief on tax payer dollars! I'm sick of subsidizing illegals-we have enough issues.
Healthcare is a local problem that should be solved at the local level.
Per the Tenth Amendment, at the state level.
Idiot
.Do you really think that your words will convince anyone other than ANTIFA who the real anti progress individuals are?  Look in a mirror
@AP_Politics get rid of subsidies for congressional staffers...or pay your employees a living wage
Bite me Tim like you will work with President
MAGA for people like me.. not the other 99%
HOW MANY TIMES DID YOU TWEET THAT DURING OBAMA'S 8 YEARS OF ECONOMIC DISASTER? PROBABLY NEVER. HYPOCRITES. WHAT DID THE DEMS DO FOR 8 YEARS?
And VA senator Tim Kaine does nothing to help the medical needs of Southwest VA. #voteTimKaineout
He does nothing to help anyone. Except his constituents in northern Virginia. The southeast suffers.
So, Senator Kaine, get behind #MedicareForAll.
You know it's the only sane solution.
Does he think we are stupid? If he ruins what's good about ACA then people with think his HC was better ?
This is insane.
Repeal Obamacare it sucks. I pay triple and get nothing in return. Time for u to be voted out. You are no good
He and his admin are sabotaging our country! Every effort must be made to stop their plans. Nothing they do helps us!
Trump is clearly acting to tear down & destroy all things that make America great. Must be tried & sentenced as a traitor. Capital offense
The only "capital offense" is the fact that you have an audience of equally ignorant people.
Are republicans supporting this?
You need to repeal the ACA tax. Then work together on a health bill for the people.
They want the poor, the disabled and elderly poor dead
Lol. You're a funny guy
And he continues to sabotage the English language as well.
@CHCmobile trump can never win a point on a level playing field. Cheat and sabotage only Winning hand for a grifter
Please offer alternatives to reducing spending instead of only criticism.
http://Usdebtclock.org 
What can we do?
And do you have a plan that actually works? Or are you here to just whine?
America needs the Senstecand House of Reps help. Please partner and rally to find a solution. Rise above Trumps lack of care
So, help us understand clearing @HillaryClinton before an investigation is acutally completed. #Comey/#FBI actions need to be reviewed.
@RepComstock Please stop this!
It's really weird to be a citizen of USA and watch @POTUS undermine a law just because he doesn't like it. A travesty, really.
Well tim are you gonna do something about it or are you just gonna whine & complain because thats what democrats are good for #Bettyexposes
@timkaine - since you've been in political office in one form or another since 1998 how'd you amass over $2 million?
@realDonaldTrump is more concerned with proving a point and not thinking about how this impacts lives! Shame on him!
Senator Kaine, tell us what to tweet out, we'll promote it!  You have an army who can promote.
An army of blind lemmings
@POTUS is a corrupt #Fraud and cares for NOBODY but himself and his gross agenda.
Dems created the disaster known as Obamacare & forced it on the USA. It was designed to fail & it is. Kaine owns the disaster. Stop lies.
Really?Why wasn't this done when Obama was in office?He caused all this mess,now @potus s trying to clean it up.The Dems are obstructionist
Jackass! @realDonaldTrump
You sound like the guy who lost the big game, then spends years complaining about how he was robbed.
Timmy get over it, Trump is the president.

That's not fair. I am working HARD on a deal with McD's to provide nutritious lunches to schools on a program I am naming "The Daily Burger"
Do You Pay $900.00 a Month for Health Care? Didn't think so. I Do ! And it doesn't cover Squat, Thank you
Kaine continues to sabotage People for Socialist Health Care so state takes all & gives a little while illegally lining pockets!
Wish Kaine was a honest person instead of the Enemy of the People. Wants to screw the people for Socialism! Sick!
So how many people actually get help from advertising Tim?
.@timkaine We know all this. The question is: what are you going to do about it?
Forget #BetterDeal & realize u better deal w/the nonsense.
So what ideas have you contributed to healthcare reform ?
You sabotaged the health care system the day you forced everyone to buy it!
It's unconscionable. Almost as if he doesn't care whether people die because of these wreck less and immoral decisions.
A question I've had about Trump ACA sabotage is: How is what they're doing, even legal? They're literally de-funding it. Must b stopped
Another thing: Broadcast MSM isn't even talking about this extremely important& highly consequential issue. TRUMP IS KILLING OBAMA CARE
If you sabotage something that was previously sabotaged, does that mean you're fixing it? #Obamacare
Does anyone have TK's fix proposals to Obamacare? The ones he came up with himself. Would like to read those. #patientlywaiting
You Kaine and the Obama regime sabotaged the healthcare system with the ACA
Democrats successfully done it.
MUST WATCH - #TrumpRussia explained in ~ 3 min
Plus GOP gets $$$ from Russia RETWEET 
Ok this...this needs to go VIRAL. Easily the most accessible way I've seen to explain #TrumpRussia to the Gen. Pop.
Please keep fighting for us. Thank you for your service!
So funny how you libs preach love, tolerance & inclusion. Then you silence those who oppose you and burn down our cities. You sicken us
Of course... his friends can't make enough money by doing the right thing
The aca sabotaged healthcare.
He doesn't care about people. He cares about money and perceived power
Answer -- universal healthcare
Wrong. Your healthcare is not MY problem.
Move to a socialist country for "healthcare for all".
fallacious
@AP_Politics Not sure why accessible affordable healthcare is so offensive to Trump & Republicans. #fakechristians
The sad thing is that the low and med class don't see this 45 is taking advantage of their ignorance the worst part hight class don't care
Humans are selfish creatures!!
There is a reason that he won. Come to middle america where we pay the fine to not have Obama Care.
We can't allow that to happen!!!
It's time for congress to stop the FAILING ACA  BS and stop trump from destroying it. You need to censure him and stop him from hurting USA!
Since when have you cared about American families.  Just keep on dreamin Tim maybe the illegal immigrants will help u
the president(barf), continues to sabotage everything Obama did because he's a petty, jealous, pathetic little man
Really, what did Obama do for the people? Nothing.. https://townhall.com/columnists/johnhawkins/2014/08/09/ …
50-things-barack-obama-has-done-wrong-n1876744
Thank you SENATOR Kaine for Obama care. You really now how to improve my health care. JOKE
He is angry that his ACA repeal failed 2x's so he is getting his sick revenge by doing these types of things, no matter how many he hurts.
So true
You could just stop at "The President continues to sabotage."
Yep. Too bad Hillary didn't win. Because we all know what an honest, upright person she is. You judgmental, hypocritical libs crack me up 
Well Tim you guys lied and forced it on us and just let it get out of control so I am waiting for your fix it plan and you got nothing
Let Mueller focus on trump while Dems talk about ideas and solutions.  ACA saved our fam, time to build on that foundation.
It was already sabotaged
Can you morons not see Obamacare is dying !!!!!
Pure evil.
What have you said about the national disaster we are experiencing. Nothing you can't relate. You are disgraceful!
It's all about his identity politics
Obamacare was a failure from the beginning! 

 Don't put the blame on @POTUS   

 Dems do you really not see how crooked Kaine is? 
 We the people do not want to be forced to buy an insurance we don't want! 

 Besides Obamacare wasn't meant to last! 

 @POTUS is #MAGA

He's sabotaging so many things ...wish some Republicans would stand up to him.  Certainly his "advisers" are doing nothing @IvankaTrump
Mr kaine what is YOUR plan; don't have one you fool
Violation of oath of office?
Troublemaker Kane lies hate you and Hillary both
The sabotage was when Obamacare was enacted. Getting out of this mess won't be easy. But we have to do it.
Everything Trump & GOP are doing only serves to harm 99% of American citizens.
Yep! And so so many can't see that! I guess proof will he in the pudding! Horrible!
Unfortunately, many will suffer because Trump voters lack empathy & won't get it until they personally suffer.
Oh! That is so true!
Obama/Pelosi/Reid rammed a govt takeover of health ins down our throats. Repeal ACA now and build a free market based plan.
Not even close. But thanks for playing!
Trump, pinto, sabotages everything good in the US.  He wants only the rich to prosper.
Unaffordable act was created by Obama, not Trump. Middle class is struggling bc we can't afford it and have to pay fines.
@gop is allowing it & we should blame them. They have a responsibility 2 fix it but, let them let it fail under their watch! Good 4 Dems.
whine all you want. Disgusting obamacare is done!
Nope. Still the law of the land. Open enrollment starts November 11th everyone!
And choices, lots of choices.
Maybe you should focus on your son that was arrested as part of the violent domestic terrorist group funded by nazi George Soros, ANTIFA
Dunno how one can sabotage a pile of poo.
You're a fraud Tim. You preach unity and love yet all you do is divide and promote hate with your hyperbole and lies - just like Obama did.

Coal miners will wake up and realize that all they got for their votes was an empty promise
Not even that @realDonaldTrump will end up taking more from them.
U must b part of the opiod problem. @realDonaldTrump has "CREATED" no jobs. The economic stability seen now is due 2 years of policies.
Using Trump to cover for a failing HC system thanks to All the Democrats stupidly passing the ACA w/o reading whats in it first #BadPolitics
I am sick of his agenda of Harm...When not one in Congress can say right now that he is not doing Putin's bidding. DO Something! @HouseGOP
Why? Because you don't like him?!? doubt that's an offense worthy of impeachment.
Hildebeast lost, and now adults are in charge get over it!
What a despicable man
He's punishing the country for electing a black man.
That's just the stupidest thing I've ever heard!  

 Obamacare was a failure from the beginning!
How does putting an end to spending money on advertising and how to use a website sabotage. You're an embarrassment to that office
He thinks making Americans uninsured is making MAGA! Pitiful reason! W pie out Obamas legacy
How is this even legal?
He's a piece of crap person and a worse President.  I don't expect any changes in this.
Your party wanted to destroy our healthcare system..spare us your faux outrage Senator.
Anyone who still needs reminding is beyond help
Senator Kaine have you supplied the bipartisan support group working on healthcare reform with any ideas?
Do not want President Trump
Okay !!!!!
Well others did, so as your past post said " Deal With It"
We must act we can promote ACA in our own communities #savrACA
My way or the highway.
He's trying to balance a budget.
November 9th 2016: 
A pledge....
"I will be President for all Americans."
And that is a lie and he has proven that already!
Kaine speak the truth once in your life please. Obama care was dead when it was passed. Dem. Passes it knowing one payer was the bailout.Sad
@realDonaldTrump screws American families...while padding the pockets of the top .01%.  IMPEACH!  IMPRISON!
Nonsense. I see the scams with Obamacare tables at supermarkets.
You and @TheDemocrats want a 3rd world system.
We deserve better.
Ummm no you tards in the senate are not doing what you were elected to do
The family values party.
THX SENATOR FOR BEING SMART TO RECOGNIZE DJT PLOYS OF NONSENSICAL BULLSHIT
Hopefully states and cities can figure out how to step up here.
