Alex Smith is the Tim Kaine of quarterbacks
so, not like you?
I didn’t know Alex Smith was bat shit crazy too! Does he have a son that is a #AntifaTerrorist too? #MAGA
@redpillchick oh God..
Cringe lol
Oh God please tell me @timkaine isnt a chiefs fan!!!! This guy is creepy and just as bad as Hillary!!!!!!!!  This is the worst news ever!!!!
Thank you Senator Kaine for all you do for our country. Your integrity is appreciated!
Why ? Is he also an Antifa member and an anti-American traitor ?
I think he means you step up when it counts, Tim.
Perhaps he means a clear better choice than the alternative.
No he's not DONALD J TRUMP is the commander-in -Chief! Remember, he was elected last November?
Alex Smith has an Antifa thug son too?
How's your Terrorist Son doing?
You are a complete douche.  You are not from the south and suck out loud.
Tim can't hold a candle to Alex!
How's your son doin....
You're a wannabe commander in chief 
epitome of when whiteness goes weird
Why don't you love me father!?   
#MAGA
You mean self serving carpetbagger who won't disavow terrorist group antifa?
We don't trust what is going on with the Dems and the White House.
He's just like you senator, he disappears in crunch time.
Hahaha!
You certainly weren't the real commander-in-Chief in your home life.  Good job dad!
No, Smith won....
Remember when Hillary said this in 2014
Stop with your facts.
As opposed to Hillary I agree.
Uh Timmy for someone who thought Hillary Clinton would be a Real C-n-C the guy may feel lke you insulted him
Yeap.
Ok Timmy. It's official. You have reached Nancy Pelosi status.
Wow, what an insult to Smith!
He had a good game. They also lost a key player. 15 more games to go.

You tell 'em, dad.
Once again @timkaine is on the right side of history.
The losing side?
Highest scorer on the Wonderlic Test his first year in the NFL..
Except Alex is on the winning team. Just sayin.
Alex Smith is a clown also?
You mean the loser that is still senator?  How can you lose and still be in office?
okay- where is my groaner emoji lol
