NEW: Trump plans to declare that the Iran nuclear deal is not in national interest, punt to Congress, by @agearan
http://wapo.st/2xWm1GH 
President Trump is showing real leadership. The Iran  nuclear deall is the single worse  in America history.
*deal *worst *American
You mean, he’ll actually have congress do their jobs instead of implementing a dictatorial like stance on the issue?? Can’t have it both ways!
Right he didn't sign more executive orders than other presidents + most  were undoing someone else's work, not many original orders from 45
You do realize that many of them were undone bc they were either unconstitutional or bc they required ratification in Congress right? So you basically admit anybody who refers to Trump as a dictator is an idiot right?
No I don't admit any such thing. Trump is no stranger to overlooking the constitution. He also is not doing it for that reason.
The reason he is doing it is revenge plain and simple. Trump is unclear on constitutional law. Evidenced my breaking emoluments clause.
Also by interfering in the practices of the NFL employment practices . I could go on but doubt you will listen.
Ok. The emoluments clause is ambiguous and the scotus hasn’t ever ruled on if it applies to Pres. In your untrained opinion, he is breaking it. Hardly definitive. Secondly, there’s nothing in there that says he can’t interfere with a business. I know u are upset he won. 
lol you are the one that has the uninformed mind. Because both are just the tip of the iceberg and both ARE illegal .
So allowing Iran access to nuclear weapons is a good idea? #liberalstupidity
Because the NK agreement worked so well....right
In line with his buddy Putin.
@POTUS does every thing he can do disrupt, and loves it!
#FakeNews
Timmy boy u still made that u and the woman you hang with didn't make it in the white house
Do you think that the deal will have the same result as Clinton’s deal with North Korea? Iran chants “Death to America and Israel.”

Idiot at ground zero holding up bullseye.
Wouldn’t it also be “against national interests”  for any president to enter into a treaty unconstitutionally like the 44th one did?
Like benghazi
Americans need to be able to protect themselves
Hes sabotaging everything that Obama did.
No, obama decided to usurp the Constitution via executive order. Now, a president can undo all, by the stoke of a pen.
It's been proven that Obama & dem's Iran deal actually puts Iran on path to nukes. Let's Russia have controlling oversight role. Stop the bs
The deal should not exist. All the hidden deals surrounding it s/b disclosed -including the $150 bil. paid to Iran by Obama admin.
Is there any way to stop him?
He is certainly doing a good job so far of getting us into war or alienating us from our alias
That was a deal the Iranians loved. It already hurt our country when the Traitor Obama made it and then gave them 150B in foreign money Jerk
His own generals advise against de-certifying. Of course, the d "knows more than the generals" - his own words.
Feeling safe is underrated. #ThanksObama
I fixed your sentence -- What would be against the "national interest" is President Trump.
What did Iran do with the $ we gave them?
You dems created NK and you want to create a nuclear iran as well
As long as #FairlyUnbalanced is in the WH the US will lose prestige.
Trump is supposed to keep Americans safe! Yeah, right!
Keep killing babies Tim
Senator Kaine is so right! Let's hope Tillerson and Mattis ignore Trump and keep us safe.
‘National interest’: anything Pres. Obama ordered.
Trump being president is against national interest
A Constitutionally elected President being elected is against national interests??
djt is undermining our democracy while gop congress dismantles it.
DT cares zero about anybody and anything but himself. And I agree, he is dangerous for human kind.
More dangerous than sending 1.7B to the kings of terror who promise to wipe Israel off the face of the earth? And POTUS is the anti Semite ?
He is systematically undermining our country.
SOMEONE NEEDS TO STOP HIM!
Senator Kaine, when is Government going to stop Trump. He cant deal with all the crap he is starting all over the world. He is incompetent.
All these "issues", must be stopped before we have Nuclear warheads in the air. When does politics get put aside for the better of America
His actions/words make it abundantly clear he is unfit for office & HE is our greatest national security threat! Congress-make him resign!
Only a crazy person would do that.  We are in trouble
Actually, it is Barack Obama handing Iran over billion dollars of cash and you not uttering a single word. #hypocrite
So you think a nuclear Iran would make the world safer ?
@realDonaldTrump This man has been a #ClearNPresent DANGER2the United States from the day he called4enemies2hack his opponent #DoSomething
What can be done? Anything in Congress? If so, please get right on it.
This administration gets worse every minute north more Iran division destroying environment disrespecting allies etc
Some1 needs to remove the nuke cds away from him. Such a dangerous madman.
#MartialLaw must be declared for Trump to finally become Tremendous General of the World & Commandeer #USAF on US soil. Duh!
We the People voted 2 end the corrupt Iran deal! Anyone who thinks it was a good deal doesnt care if Iran has nukes 2 kill us with! #NoDeal
Wow you did one thing right! Did someone give you a copy of @reason? Reduce the debt and bring our soldiers back home.
So he can continue to play the victim. "It's not me congress isn't doing its job" a political ploy that's very obvious to all but his base.
I understand it would be like your son being hired as a babysitter
Right because it worked so well when Bill Clinton did a similar deal with North Korea  !!
It's what he does best!
@realDonaldTrump this is all a show so potus can claim he kept his campaign promise. Does not care about our country
Do you do any "real" work at all?
Everything is a punt to Congress. 
Trump makes bombastic statements with no policy goals, then punts to Congress to hang it on them.
As if it is by design.
What is wrong with this man?? @potus doing this makes US weak and not trustworthy. Even Mattis is against it
I really try not to despise trump but he is just evil
This guy is mentally deranged Susan.  Is a global risk
100% agree
I suppose sending hundreds of millions in cash to Iran makes us more safe, right?
Make it STOP.
NOW is the time to talk gun control & Medicare 4 All as 500+ victims try to pay for medical care!
Is any sense of the danger posed by DJT emerging among your colleagues across the aisle ?
Do you know last name of this country 
SO STOP HIM. HOW IS IT HE CAN ACT UNILATERALLY?
That was the last guy. See, the Constitution spells out what Presidents can and can’t do. They can’t enter into a treaty. Period.
@agearan maybe he just noticed what a great job @BillClinton did with North Korea
HOW LONG BEFORE WE START HEARING TRUMP'S BARKS AGAINST LITTLE AYATOLLAH ROCKET MAN?
Every so often Tim Kaine is right about something and he's right on this one.  Bad Trump.
Your son was arrested rioting in Antifa. How about you go home and make the world more safe and less chatoic.
You win
trump is the danger to our national interest.
World ID no danger C’estLaVie, his bigotry against everybody is madness. And he is a coward that skiped military Service, chicken
He needs chaos to survive
Nope, he just needs to continue to tweet his message to those of who have read &understand the Constitution
Your deal with Iran is a sham complete with pallets of hundreds of millions of US taxpayer dollars flown to the terrorist rouge state.
*billions
Wants to unroll what the black man did
What on earth are you talking about? Do you even know?
Yes I am sure he is referring to Trump undoing everything he can to erase whatever Obama did no matter who it hurts . Excepting him and his
So you want hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer money being flown to a rouge terrorist state under the cover of darkness?Makes sense
Fake news
