Are women, on average, working the same jobs as men? Is a female doctor making less than a male in the same specialty?
My Mom was a public school teacher with a Masters degree. Because she lived in a rural district in the Valley she made much less than others
Do you pay your staff equally #EqualPayDay ?
Your pay increases by 3% on average per year worked if women miss work due to maternity leave their pay will not increase compared to men
This is not discrimination nearly logic, are people honestly saying women should receive promotions while out of work
They're saying nothing matters except equality of outcome. 

Yeah: they're that dumb.

Women work less hours, take easier jobs and take years off to raise children. The family is #1 Thanks Ladies 2 thumbs up :--)
Probably didn't have an open relationship either...
What does that mean
Math is a liberal conspiracy
Tell us, how did that derelict son of yours get off on the rioting charge?
Women: We demand equality. Meanwhile: Women in Italy are fighting for menstrual leave.
unfortunately that word doesn't exist..
I'm sorry, which word is that? Equality?
yeah.. Nothing is 'perfectly' equal in life.. And don't expect men to just hand it out on a platter
still an obsolete treatment of women!
That explains why only women are working in Virginia and not men,
Then Senator work across the aisle to make it fair.
We need to fix this so unfair I lost my pension after 9/11 and my company filed bankruptcy I will have to work until I die 
In strong agreement.
MY PARENTS ARE 94 / 95 YEARS OLD AND NO ASK FOR ANY KIND OF HELP THEY WORK EVERY SINGLE DAY, THEY NEVER GOT A CORN TORTILLA FROM THE GOV,
Senator Fauxcohantas #SenatorElizabethWarren pays her women staffers 71% of what her male staffers make. Democrats are the worst offenders.
It's hits especially hard for women once we are retired on our own Soc. Sec.  We get 25% less than men who had the same jobs
I guess she should have worked the same hours as a man

Nope: all you folks pretending the jobs, education, and seniority don't matter are the ones missing the point.
This data compares men in the same job as women. Not those with 2 jobs, or those who work overtime. Apples to apples.
I'm all for merit pay. It just isn't happening equally. If it's because women are less likely to work overtime, maybe it's time to find out
Tim Kaine is an anti-life, anti-marriage, racist, sexist, pathological liar. http://RNMNews.blogspot.com  #DefendLife #DefendMarriage #Trump
Kaine and democrats don't mention how  women get automatic child custody and how men pay child support and alimony or how men stay with
Not in the same role, with the same training & the same tenure with no breaks in employment. No sir. You R playing politics with FAKE NEWS.
Thank goodness you're there to solve the problem Tim. Hopefully with another 20 years in politics you will begin to chip away at it. #resist
Introduce a law that counters @realDonaldTrump actions!
What law or rule is in place that prevents a women from making the same?...Job determines pay want more pay get a different job
Good thing your about lose your job to a women this fall, Laura 17!
Why is it that none of my 6 brothers make as much money as I do? Because they all got degrees that are less valuable than mine. Pretty easy.
You're 59: retire and let a woman take your place.

It's only fair....
insane it is 2017 and this is still an issue #EqualPayDay
If you mean it's insane that in 2017 people are still believing a study debunked 20 years ago, i agree.
ANOTHER LOSER, DO something then.#DRAIN THE SWAMP #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA #MAGA#MAGA #BEN FRANKLIN
Try using your brain little Timmy. You know this is a lie. Or has all that pedophile activity destroyed your brain and your soul?
What are you doing about this injustice, Senator?
The bigger question is, what are doing about it? 8 years with Obama and the Gap increased? Do democrats have any plan, or just gripe?
So what jobs pay women less?
Stop propagating these lies.. the numbers dont support ur argument... god damn politicians
can I get those 11 yrs back?
"On average" is doing so much work as to make this profoundly dishonest.
maybe she should quit her job and apply to work where he does? or is it to dangerous and hard so she dosnt want to do it?
Damn
Do you ever feel bad when you know better and deliberately mislead people who have put their faith in you?
so what? the average woman statisticly doesnt do the same an average man does
That's special for me
Fair enough. But on average, how much time did she take off of her career to raise children vs men on average?
Made up issue without actually doing anything Apples to apples economic  facts shows gender earning gap has almost closed in the past decade
An average the man's body and mind will be breaking down 5 years later.  He's worked his entire life.
Bullshit. Read it out loud. BULL. SHIT.
Want to bet on that?
You can't possibly believe this nonsense. There's a twisted competition to make the most outrageous claim using this hashtag #EqualPayDay
Oops  maybe when I'm 80 I'll be able to retire, if I'm not dead that is.
So in her 50s she has to begin again with no$ help from the so called loving man, she has to make her own retirement account. Maybe by t
And God help those women who worked for 14 years then stopped to raise a family. Did her husband pay her? Provide a ret acct? Answers No
How long have you been a Senator there?
Where are you getting these statistics?
But will she die doing it?
and yet we let trump and the @GOP destroy every regulation, EO, policy etc  What is being done to stop this madness?  We look to you to help
Then, start working like a man- 60 hour weeks, no time off to raise kids, and very dangerous professions. Problem solved.
So fix it democrat
Not apples-apples comparison on its surface& not true at least for gov't jobs if both start same job at same time & work same # of years
Not so, Senator. Wage gap is a myth. My take:
Its not sexism and discrimination most of the time. Different choices, aspirations+life styles account for most the difference
@SFrankContra we all know the wage gap nearly disappears when we take into account, difference in life style/choice, motivation +aspiration
the "race pay gay" is more. Due to poverty, education and culture (etc). Focus on that!

Rarely if ever sexism/racism.
That really shows how worthless these hoes are
That doesn't say much about the educational system in Virginia 
Well, women do live longer, so...
@Jantzalex
Bunch of nonense. only sheeps that are driven by ideology would buy it without questioning this statement. Logic&rational>>>feelings.
the equal pay fallacy is the lefts creationism...
Sounds like a messed up state
Women significantly outnumber men in college admissions.  Under that same logic, why don't we make it easier for men to get into college??
What BS.
WOMEN!!! Don't move to Virginia! The rest of America doesn't have a gender wage gap.
Who gave you this stupid survey poll. It's not true , like everything that comes out of DC
That's a completely misleading stat. Some might even call something like that "alternative facts".
let's be clear these "men" you are referring to are "white" men.
In Virginia we lack good representation in the senate as well...
Facts like this are why you are not vice president. White female Hillary is worth millions for never working #susanriceunmasked #equalpayday
How long have you been in office and haven't fixed this?? Perhaps this is why you aren't the VP dummy
Ok...you've been Gov and Sen@of Virginia....what have you done to prevent this issue?
Stooooop with the fucking lies
The future is female. Slow going but we'll get there. And it will be great. Great for all.
On average that statistic makes sense because woman are more likely to take time off to take care of a child.
Aren't you a senator from Virginia?
key words: "on average"
Are they working the same hours? Just a question... I'll wait
If that's the case,why are there no criminal charges against those employers who are discriminating against women?
Thanks for speaking up.
Can I see the stats to back that up Mr. Senator?
OR she could go into the same career field as the average man, and make the same or more, while enjoying public support he doesn't get.
Maybe she should work more.
Smoking mirrors
Go crawl under a rock all the Dems have different fact on #EqualPayDay page. Here's a fact salute your @POTUS . He is changing the US 4 good
Orrrr...she could just work full time and put in the extra effort now. Your narrative is weak, just like your presidential run.
For sure do research first
Promoting lies like this is why you are not @VP #EqualPayDay
hold firm with gorsuch vote no
@Lioness52205885 Wow
real question....did you vote for Trump?.....
Yes on gorsuch, remember u will need more than liberals to get reelected
Based on a state average which has nothing to do with the actual jobs. SMH
#FakeStatistics
Stats and sources sir or I call BS
No one believes what psycho Timmie says
@ShutupAilis - Especially in Virginia.
Sounds like you need to retire so a woman can have a chance to make up for lost income
The gender wage gap is an overgeneralization that doesn't account for many variables. There is no evidence to prove it.
Some of the women I work with are paid more than me. Will you fight to fix my wage gap? btw I'm a white man
Logic needs to work both ways
LOSER!
Kaine is a liar!
YOU REALLY TO NEED SHUT UP!! FOOL
Is this doing the same jobs?
Women of America wake up
In any state a woman can start her own business and build her own dreams. Just need government to back off small businesses!
Are you really a senator because you are wildly uninformed... The pay gap is not something any economist supports b/c it doesn't exist
we CHOOSE to do things differently. Like not working overtime, time off to have kids, working in lower paying more fulfilling job.
Keep pushing the lies.
Then leave Virgina
So how come you lost the white women's vote in the election? Houston, we have a problem.

What professions?  False statistic
that was my question, too!
We DO NOT need government in any more "tell us what to do"
That's everywhere if you're female. And longer if you're a single mother.
Making up statistics to trick people into voting dem. If you guys had a single policy you wouldn't have to push the pretend inequality meme.
well what field is said woman working in?
It's your state,
Laura Ingraham is gonna bury you....
Maybe that woman should have thought twice about that Gender Studies degree and studied Engineering like her male counterpart.
#EqualPayDay
This is why you are unfit to govern.  Shame on the VA educational system that got you elected.
I honestly hate to say but I don't think its going to get better under Trump. Reality it will probably get worse.
Geez...glad I live in OR  & not backwater VA! 
* white woman
dumbest lie I've heard all day. My wife actually makes about 20% more than me and we're both professionals. So....
Doing the same work???
Ahh haa!!!  There in lies the rub!
