Trump has told advisers he's in favor of a move that could send Obamacare's insurance markets into a tailspin http://politi.co/2q1sds8  
If President Obama was a white man, it wouldn't matter, but they just can't leave well enough alone. This is a big mess.
Cost of health insurance & care are up dramatically while choices are down dramatically totally b/c of dems. & Obama admin.  not Trump
Let's fix it not demolish it
Obamacare is about control of society thru taxes, mandates & regs. It's goal is single payer w/more control. Repeal all of it.
I feel sorry for your wife or daughter that won't be able to get health care because of Trumpcare!  You'll pay in the end
Americans have no choice of doctors, medical centers or hospitals. W/$13k deductibles simple medical procedures not available. Stop the bs.
Trump, Sessions, Ryan, and now badge heavy neanderthal Sheriff Clark...gonna fill all those private prison$ up fast. Guard your sons...
As long as they save a few cells for themselves #LockThemUp
@realDonaldTrump is a vindictive little man.  He would put the lives of thousands of people at risk just to get his way.  He doesn't care!
He's more concerned about a "win" than about the health care of millions in need.
You're a fraud- obamacare already did that
Sorry @timkaine but you and the Democratic Party forced this debacle called Obamacare on the American people. It's a mess and a jobs killer!
Kaine Insurance is a scam.  Always HAS been.  Individual mandate was the cake the companies were looking for.  Just another way to rob us.
Your President is going to sabotage healthcare for millions of Americans purely because of politics 
not as a patriotic American.
I think I must have responded to the wrong tweet. Sorry
let's a face it...a true "nut job" will do anything to prove a point.
Please help us
Still that clown grin on Tim!
#Obamacare IS chaos! It must be repealed.
he's gonna have congress stop funding obama care this is why insurance co's r pulling out
Tim: It was Barry who fathered this baby.
Why are you using a disrespectful way of referencing our former President?Trying to get healthcare to the most people is not shameful.
It is NOT the proper role of government to be thuggy and paternalistic --especially via inter-generational plunder. Barry is a major mistake
I believe Republicans should let Obamacare implode so Democrats will be left holding the bag.
so like the rates just WENT UP AGAIN under Obamacare... please Timmy,.. STOP FREAKING LYING TO US!!!!
He doesn't care so why should he worry about what we will have to pay for insurance!
Thank you Senator Kaine for publicly speaking out on the important issues. Glad u have r backs.Please don't allow subsidies 2 b removed!
And he cares for his supporters?
he is trying to destroy it now and make it fail on purpose there is no denying that fact. It's so scary for America
We have a blue print that could be improved, but 45 has decided he'll ruin it instead. Makes me angry.
This @POTUS will not consider anything. He is a bull in the china cabinet. Oh wait. He may think that was a compliment. It isn't.
Stop the #HealthCare crisis you say? That's why he's getting rid of #ObamaCare!
Stop Trump, the criminal and traitor.
2018 cannot come soon enough.  We have to get the dems out to vote!  This clown is an abomination to our great country!!!
He needs to allow it to collapse in on itself; no need to take additional maneuvers.
GOP sabotage of ACA must be called out. Occurred from beginning. Cause for numbers variances.
Thanks 4 doing what you do! My main concern is that, with all of the Russia stuff/noise, the GOP will still push through healthcare/tax plan
Straight repeal, enough talk, taking to long and no cooperation on replace.  Just end it.
People need to tie up the lines and make sure their reps are getting the message.
He has yet to provide he CONSIDERS before he can ReCONSIDER.  No evidence @POTUS does either.
If @gop doesnt get rid of spiteful unstable president who put this on himself, they will reap everything they get forward...we will not stop
If @potus messes w insurance markets due to spite on American ppl, we hold @gop responsible and our fury will be swift and full
This is why he needs to be impeached because he doesnt care about American ppl
How do we stop him, @timkaine
@realDonaldTrump thrives on chaos. Chaos for others is calm for him.
It's all about his ego. Nothing he has done is for the good of American people. He hates Obama & just trying to destroy his legacy
What is wrong with you ?
How sinister wow, little concern for Americans
Stop the madness!
I despise POTUS and the GOP majority who are damaging countless with this craven action impacting healthcare and lives. #unforgiveable
You hypocrite Democrats gave us Obamacare based o lies and broken promises. ACH needs to repealed and replaced now!!
@LyndaObst I'm at loss as to what he thinks he's accomplishing with this.
Why don't YOU ever offer any solutions timmy instead of your incessant whining and moaning?  Be proactive for once
Stop the health care chaos! Don't stop payments to force a collapse
Oh for Gosh sake; #STOP lying.  Son on Lock Up Soon??? Please let us know when it airs.
Democrats bed. You have to lie in it now
Save our healthcare. POtus and Price are evil@
Exactly rhe plan. But not that any move would be positive in your broken brain.
He wants to engineer it so he can claim he called it all along
Would be helpful if you reminded voters that Rubio defunded payments for insurance companies which forced them out of obamacare - sabotage!
this is his mo, right? Default on contracts?
tim kaine u own the current healthcare mess.  get out of the way and let someone fix it
You must stop him....you need to get focused...don't complain  just DO IT.
He, and the rest of the GOP are self-destructing. They HAVE  to know we are watching them. CLOSELY!
MUST CALL CONGRESS AND DEMAND THEY STOP TRUMP FROM DESTROYING ACA NOW! TRUMPS TRYING TO BLOW IT UP AMIDST ALL THIS CHAOS!!! Please call/fax
Abuse of power? More public marches? How much longer is 45 going to stay at the poker table?  
Sure. Sabotage is a good way to make America great again
Do you think while conspiring w/ Russia to destabilize our democracy he was going to do a good job? WTH are you waiting for? @DNC
That is not true
No surprise.  Anything to take attention away from the criminal investigation of his family.
Omg! The Clintons had more criminal acts than about anyone I can think of in recent history. No one payed for our people killed in Benghazi
Trump supporters will suffer the most.  Donald Trump lied to them. #DontheCon #MarchForTruth
Deliberately doing harm to your constituents is not usually part of the job description.  This can't end soon enough.
that's the GOP and @Rep_Tom_Garrett plan. Because anyone not in agreement isn't a constituent.
Why would he reconsider? He's trying to destroy it, and his supporters aren't going to proactively research the issue. The discussion ...
... will be about how the markets are failing, Obamacare is failing... not about his policy decisions driving that failure...
His policy is nothing more than a feces-stuffed, gilded eggshell. Pretty on the outside, easily broken, full of shit inside. That's Donnie.
A GREAT leader cares about the people he leads. A GREAT leader NEVER chooses to inflict sickness and death on the people that supported him.
He's unwilling to negotiate- so what's your next move?
Senator Kaine "they" don't really care about us! The Republicans won't be happy until they kill us
Such a sad and untrue statement
SOP - classless, clueless; never understands the impact of his foolish decisions. In WAY over his head- but we've known that for some time..
Blame ObamaCare
I believe he is doing just that, I think you now have that bill in the Senate, now you have the chance to fix what you do not like.
The people suffer bcse GOP bent on repealing 2 kill millions.
This nut job needs to be impeached before he completely destroys our country.

Needs to stop, period. Needs to resign, as well as resignations of those in line for filling in.
You mean the healthcare chaos started by #Democrats with #Obamacare ?
How is this not a crime? To intentionally harm American citizens for his own agenda. Please help us!!
That's exactly what he wants to do. He doesn't care about the harm it will cause. It's more important to him that it fails.
It isn't a clever "negotiating position" when the purpose is vindictive & result purposely hurts millions because he's didn't get his way.
#resist peace, pass it down please.
How is this legal for the President to destroy a health care program?
This is not true, he cares for American's but Americans care more about everyone else, that's the problem.
Trump is a spoiled 70 man, that never learned discipline, manners, or how to respect others. Trump your teflon is worn out.no protection now
@politico @timkaine @Empnew @POTUS @politico This affects real live people. Those with heart beats and souls.
@realDonaldTrump The #ACAisLaw. Your job is not to #sabotagelaws. Get a grip on yourself. #SaveACA #healthcare #resist
Not gonna happen. He's too busy having a temper tantrum.
End for profit Healthcare!
Not fair to the American people! Please rethink think this!!!
He only cares about Obama's legacy and not about the fact that this will hurt so many vulnerable Americans. Disgraceful.
Doesn't sound much like a graduate of the Wharton School of Economics to me, rather, an irresponsible self-interest motivated shyster.
Trump people:  Wake up will ya!?  He doesn't give a crap about you! He's doing things to destroy your ACA coverage just to prove he's right!
Hmmm, that's why he's doing it.  He WANTS to sabotage it.
Then he'll say "not my fault Obamacare imploded."  #TrumpRussia
Remember: he's a vindictive bastard. If he feels attacked/threatened by 'us', he'll retaliate.  And this is exactly how.
No amount of digging in the litter box can cover up the mess that Donny Disease has made. What a failure.
GOP has WANTED ACA to fail all along. Don't forget: trump loved the housing market collapse bec he could make money off pple who lost homes.
.@Potus doesn't care who he hurts or how many.
He doesn't actually care about people...
So much for America first!
Here's your smoking gun #Blowfly!
This is a madman. People no matter how delusional I think they were to elect him did so with hopes he would help their situation.  Sad.
He hasn't much of a chance to help with everyone coming against him. He needs to get to tax overhaul and Obama Care is already failing alone
Anything he does at this point is suspicious. Should not be permitted. Does not have good intentions for the country
Now if the federal government could require insurance to be sold across state lines, that could help lower rates.
Giving big bonuses to pharma CEOs is NOT something that should be done, as in current Trumpcare bill.
Problem is no one trusts Rs to do anything to help ordinary people, just billionaires.
He doesn't care, too busy trying to pledge Pi Kappa Russia .
MEDICARE FOR ALL. It's the only sensible thing to do and it will boost the economy.
Who shall pay?
Desperate people are easier to control. That's Trump, GOP, Putins plan
Tim, I voted for @HillaryClinton and you, INVOKE 25A before he does ONE MORE DESTRUCTIVE ACT~
Leave it to The Trumpocolypse to go nuclear yet again. This will surely kill people I love and possibly myself as well. Shame! Shame! Shame!
Despicable!
It's his way to revenge his own failures. Trump: Let's destabilize healthcare for millions of Americans because you bruised my fragile ego.
Why not blame the health care providers who actually raised the price?
The man threw his own brother's disabled son off of healthcare. He has no compassion. A sick move to initiate a self fulfilling prophecy.
This president is out of his mind!
Senator, please stop all his activities since today's news. Trump will take revenge on US citizens.
So we all agree just to stick with Hussein care! Let it keep crumbling and after 2 years of whining, hate, and resist Dem party will wither!
If ACA is the law of the land, isn't @POTUS neglecting the oath he took by doing this?
He & the GOP don't care!
He's screwing with people's lives just to be petty
This has to stop. @GOP hates Obama &ACA so much that they're willing to let 24 million ppl die just so they can finally say we won?? Grow up
Die?  We made it from 1776 to 2009.  I think we will survive.
@realDonaldTrump should be smacked around with the 25th amendment. He does not posses the mental stability to run this country.
Dude, he's gonna mess up this country as much as he can before he's kicked out. Just because he can.
he's already well on his way.
The next good idea your party has for healthcare will be the first, leave the heavy lifting to the grown ups.
Will you run again loser?
Thanks for fighting against this & keeping people informed. It's unjust.
As soon as Comey finish testifying? U won't have to worry about this mofu signing anything else accept his Miranda rights acknowledgement!
Fairly certain that already happened under #Obamacare. Just another bill that has taxed people into poverty,  thanks to the #Democrats.
So let Obamacare fail?
We will storm the Capital if they do no t take care to see we are all still covered!  There will be a Revolution and Civil disobedience
Ww3
He's vindictive and spiteful enough to do it. Some Man of the people.
Tim, he's in full blown destroy mode.were close to scorched Earth with him
Obamacare is dead, give it up
It's called #TrumpDerangementSyndrome
everyone I know is rushing to get every preventive service possible.  I'd like to break a hip while I can afford it.
he doesn't care haven't U learned that yet? He's only out for himself Ins Co's will make $ & #DontheCon will make $ too, that's how he works
I hate this,- but as a Democrat this may be the only way to rid the country of Republican rule and return to caring for all our citizens.
Please, it's time for#universalhealthcare for all. #healthcare is a right for all human beings, not a privilege.
Gallup approval ratings

Obamacare: 55%
Trump: 38%
