The GOP wants to weaken America and embezzle of the funds for themselves
You may want to see who gets the majority of the govt handouts. Hint: it's liberals.
The GOP is controlled by money they pretend to be Christians and they're not and I'd rather my tax dollars go to people that I are in need
People in need is 1 thing. Just lazy is more like it.
Lots of people work really hard for their money and their Democrats
Dems give govt handouts more than gop. This keeps the poor dependant on the govt which = dem votes. Dems, keeping the poor poor.
When you lose your job and you need to put food on the table for your children and everything I hope you don't go to the government for help
Half a Trump supporter's or what middle-class poor people and the other half are billionaires that are corrupt and just about greed
The GOP wants to make America sick again the GOP wants America to go backwards again

Ok & i'll have to research this cause I don't know what this means but I'm sure it's not what you say because everyone attack the Clintons
The GOP do not want people to live long because the money that we pay in as young people will keep funding the system as long as people die
Grammar and punctuation are great. Educate yourself on the topic of which you babble.
The GOP goal is to kill off the old so they do not have to pay their Social Security benefits and Medicare benefits
Absolutely false. Based on income. Stop with the crap spreading.
Why "Trump-Care," for a bill that the Gop is building?
Donnie just signs the atrocity into law.
Call it what it is: Gop-Care.
But I guess @TheDemocrats might risk winning an election or 2 if they did that.
Or Senator just not getting the health care needef. I for one have a working husband & copay r so high I can't afford PT 4 8 WEEKS 3Xa week
How much are the services under the ACA. Seems most surer so are bailing, costs unaffected and deficit spending rampant. #TrumpCare
Fix obama care.  Don't screw everything up by starting out new. Stop drug companies from getting rich on the poor. Reduce drug costs. The
As if our current healthcare was great....not
Which they can't afford because they're living on fixed incomes.
Ignoring the failed ObamaCare, more older Americans will lose their coverage & suffer so Dem can obstruct Rep progress.
What does your plan look like? Please, we are waiting
You already did that. BTW, I don't need pre-natal care.
Explain why life insurance policies are higher for older people. Or why car insurance is higher or younger people.
I am a senior American with a multitude of serious health problems. I rely on Medicaid. I'm deeply concerned.
Whereas your plan forces everyone to have bad healthcare... everyone except politicians anyway.
This is a passive means to euthanize the aged and infirm. It will cause chaos and collapse of hospital systems and emergency services.
Stating the obvious, and banking on "they suck; we're not them."
By keeping Obamacare our premiums go sky high and our out of pocket expenses keep many from even getting treated. People die under Obamacare
But lower everyday premiums will ultimately save way more.  SMH
And what do you think we have under your god called Obama care

Mr. Kaine....please tell Hillary we're waiting for her!  Thank you. & YOU as V.P. yes!
Stand up for us, Tim!!
if you like your plan.... how about a subsidy from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac? ???
And anyone with medical issues
Allowing insurance companies to sell products without certain benefits, provided they sell other products with them =not weakening anything.
And deny coverage to those of us w/ preexisting conditions like #cysticfibrosis. #votenoBCRA #CFadvocacy
Say it don't pull punches @timkaine old poor people would die. It's okay to say that. Call them out bro.
SENATOR OUR SENIORS STRUGGLE AS IT IS !IT IS VERY DIFFICULT FOR THEM TO MAKE ENDS MEET !MOST CANNOT WORK ;AND THEY DEPEND ON SSI AND PENSION
More bipartisan talk is not an alternative!
You are a good whiner.  So your answer is keep O'care as is?  Complaining is not permitted unless you have an alternative.
Did he say that was his answer or are you assuming that?
And don't forget the age tax. Our premium will go from 2100.00 mo to 3500.00 a MONTH!!! How the hell can a mom/pop biz pay $42k a year 
Yes! That's just one of the exciting benefits for them!

Your a lier just like clinton most people think clinton lost on her own but many people think you were a big part of her slaughter wimp
Under #Trumpcare, if @SenJohnMcCain was not a US Sen. but an 80 yr old nursing home guy on Medicaid would he have gotten care @MayoClinic ?
Nostradamus
Would you like to post your source that shows him wrong or should we just take your word for it?
While removing insurance coverage for most lower middle-class Americans.
Fix it. Universal health insurance. Single payor. Current system benefits corporations. New one should benefit every American. Even visitors
Wealth grab period!  This bill is not about healthcare. If it truly was about healthcare we wouldbe looking at Medicare for all! Drug price
Who's helping to bring back the life in this young person? I believe in his healthcare too, @timkaine @maddow
Student facing beheading in Saudi Arabia was headed to Western Michigan http://bit.ly/2t5tZKl 
That would be me!
Please @senrobportman  listen talk work with @timkaine
I'm sick and tired of paying for health care for all the illegal aliens you and McAuliffe have let into Virginia.
Illegal immigrants don't get federal benefits including Medicaid, Medicare or Welfare. Your anger is misdirected.
I fear for my 73 year old parents.   If this #trumpcare bill passes they will be bankrupt.  #savethevulnerable #killthebill
Aren't they on Medicare??
Yes, but the supplemental insurance could go up 500 percent. Tough for people on a fixed income with pre-existing conditions.  #killthebill
You lost the election. The people have given the GOP and TRUMP a mandate. Get over it Timmy.
He didn't mention the election Ernie. Get over it.
Congratulation to all the elder ones and their kids that voted for Trump....
You guys need to fix this.
This whole thing is just terrible.  I'm 55 and pay my own insurance. They are being so disloyal to me, a long time loyal citizen.
That's #fakenews
Fuck them, they are old anyway
And the AARP & legion of baby boomers will have a fit.
So tax payers will be paying for @GOP's HC and they will have the better HC benefits then the tax payers themselves!
Pushing people to rely on emergency care drives healthcare costs UP! That's where uninsured go.  Insurance improves cheaper preventive care
.what insurance does worthless Woody have?
It's all too crazy.  I so wish you and Hillary were in the WH so I could sleep at night.  Thank you for all you still do!  An older American
.@timkaine Will you confirm Wray knowing he scrubbed his site where it stated he did work for Russia's Rosneft? Another Russian connection.
The disgusting diatribe from the very people who inflicted this current disaster on hard working citizens & exempted themselves is shameful!
And Oh By The Way. We don't care if someone has to pay more or if they don't want coverage. We just don't want to be forced to pay for them.
You know when the uninsured can't pay that cost gets passed into the insured? So you pay more either way. Why not just have single payer?
Blah, Blah, Blah.....
@SenateGOP millions will lose and we're watching. GOP suicide
And raise out-of-pocket expenses for #AmericansWithDisabilities like myself as well, @timkaine!  Please relay this to @SenCoryGardner.
Maybe if it comes from fellow senators, your @SenateGOP counterparts MIGHT listen.
unless those older Americans are making huge campaign donations, the GOP doesn't care. #Trumpcare
Tim, it's already too costly,  we want to get the price down
Agree
 It is horrible.
Oh Lookee.... I can see the White House from here!
OKAY we get it they didn't win...but thst doesn't make what we have now the best option...move along
I don't agree with the Reps are doing but to keep hammering this ACA "success" by Tim and others is simply ludicrous.
Yah that may be true. Dems always look at the positive of aca and reps look at the negative...its a bunch of hogwash on either end
By weakening the Dem ticket, you exposed all Americans to the Trump Administration.
Can you say that a little louder for our friends in the back
