Those $$$ could be spent on a veteran. The ACA is nothing but redistribution.  Dang it we can't  support our own folks.
If you knew a way to improve it, then why did you let Americans suffer for so long?? You're not working on sh*t! #liar
The Republicans were not interested in improving it. The opportunity we have now has just arrived.
I won't reply again. Just suggest you factcheck what you just said. Not for my good but for your own.
I don't need to I don't say things I don't know as fact. The unACA is going bye bye that's for your own good.
ha ha ha ha "repeal and replace" ha ha ha ha
Get rid of ACA. My premiums have skyrocketed. STOP being a partisan hack and get something that works.
Thank you Sen Kaine. This is what I voted for!
We herd all the untrue stories. If Trump wins, no jobs, bankrupt, etc.
He has done better in 4 wks than Dem in 4 yrs.
buy a dictionary.  The word is heard twatwaffle.
Thank you.
We are with you 1000%!
Not this Virginian. My insurance continues to increase fast. Cash workers get low aca benefits. Not the same man I voted for.
repeal and replace Obamacare now
Wake up Kaine. We voted for Trump. Get on board or GET OUT.
What can we do to save ACA! I'm in Florida. My daughter turns 21 and can't get insurance according to her income. Help!
how do you know?  Have you seen the replacement bill!  If you have, please share it with the rest of us.  Thanks!
we need a more moderate democrat, you're going too far to the left.
calling out all bikers. Trump supporters need your help with safety at town halls.
calling out all silent voters. Record the left's violence at town halls. Stay safe!
My wife is a 4yr. Cancer survivor, that would not be the case without ACA
ACA implies care. Instead it is really insurance, w/high deductibles.  Care is becoming unaffordable even w/private ins.
@WDeedakaren @RTDNEWS I wish we here in NC had a good senator like u that wants to protect health insurance #Obamacare #ACA
still embarrassing yourself with the support of ACA. Give it up you'll be fired soon.
Thank you Senator Kaine for your work! I am very afraid for my 3 kids, aging parents & myself- esp my 2 special needs kiddos!
Trump had just given ICE agents free hand to mass deport undocumented immigrants. Are you fighting this?
health issues affect every American, thanks for sharing their stories. We must demand com. sense fixes and improvements
why haven't you started investigating Donald Trump and his associates in the Russia gate scandal?  Please get to work!
How about reminding GOP they don't rely on ACA for their insurance. Keep their constituents in mind! No ideology!
That ships sinking but u can stay on if u choose#MAGA
Haven't seen another ship yet. Heard it was coming but no one knows anything about it. I want my ACA.
still a sinking ship but u can keep your ship if u want to
still sailing happily along.
Keeping the ACA is a must! It's working well we should improve it when required! Why eliminate it? That's evil!
yea right spoken by a person who doesnt have ACA but covered by a company plan.Nice try
Which makes him a far better person/soul than you'll ever be.
ACA is in a death spiral, it's gonna be gone, one way or another.
Stop being so partisan.
@SURJ_Cville @RTDNEWS 0bamacare was a failure and it's dead.
demand 45 respond to CA request for federal disaster declaration.
U had 8yrs and did nothing. It only got worse. It's over u lost & #ACA toast. Something new is coming!
not in your state - thank you for your efforts.  This is beyond important for fellow Americans.
Keep working! We need it in KY too!
it needs to be fixed! It only helps those who are seriously ill and bankrupts healthy individuals.
just like Hillary's presidency and your vice presidency you're beating a dead horse never going to happen Tim
You just keep on - why I don't know!
thank you!  Please improve it so they have no reason to take it away. Submit an improvement plan. Do not wait for them!
.. my kids ACA insurance is not that affordable..only 5 doctor  visits per year then a massive deductible to meet. Sucks.
Did you have a better plan before your ACA? Tell us how it worked so we can improve your current plan.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for all you do for us. You are wonderful, and we are so lucky you're our senator.
thanks Tim for fighting the good fight!
good luck, Ryan is using 45s lack of leadership to push his pet project. Doesn't work for ALL citizens
then convince the republicans like McCain and Graham who are all talk but no walk to support you
Senator - I agree that repeal/replace must be done carefully. ACA has serious flaws though. How do you propose to fix?
Thank you!
go get um! 
Im in NJ and the aca is working great for me
Thank you so much for all your efforts for America!
Put pressure on this republicans who went home to find out majority of voters like the ACA
thank you. As a mom battling cancer, repeal would mean death for me. ACA is not perfect but tweak it, don't repeal.
Tim Kaine is an embarrassment to the American people and will be voted out of office go @CarlyFiorina
and to Virginia
@repgregwalden's bill protecting patients with preexisting conditions, shows commitment to protecting the most vulnerable
Democrats are going to have to find something else to attack. Your BS is wearing thin & annoying.
Thank you. Aren't there any (R)s with consciences who will listen to reason, or see that Trump is derailing the country??
Thanks @timkaine because I really like my ACA plan.
Working hard to #SaveTheACA b/c a repeal would be a disaster for VA. Shared Virginians' stories in an @RTDNEWS op-ed http://www.richmond.com/opinion/their-opinion/guest-columnists/tim-kaine-column-abstract-aca-figures-represent-real-virginians/article_542991f7-a19e-5604-9014-c1037135aac6.html …
you know nothing about healthcare ! Your teeth are a result of your self health care.
thank you Tim!!!
that is because most  of you are on gov't rolls. we out here work 3 jobs and cannot afford OBAMACARE. WAKE UP #DELUSIONAL
Appreciate you Tim!
bet u didn't post my VA story. May b uninsured 1st time in adult life. #RepealACA Costs 2 much. Deductible 2 hi. #DTS
Do you have a better plan or some ideas to share? Serious question, I am not being sarcastic.
I'm no expert, but I know what we have isn't working. Wish they would work together & solve the problems.
Thanks for your hard work
Thank you for all your hard work, Senator Kaine.
Thank you for all Americans who need this life saving insurance.
Luckily he ain't talking to you West Virginia.
#Republicans privatizing all health care. Tell #GOP we demand choice of "Gov't run healthcare". #Pg2  #Ohio #Healthcare
thank you
That was Spicer's desk before the press conference today.

you're too late 
