thank you for voting no 
you are an angel
I have epilepsy caused by a head injury as a result of child abuse. The ACA is the first time I've been able to have insurance. Don't repeal
Sorry for your injury but new healthcare plan will cover pre existing conditions but we can not afford free health ins. Not going to happen
Plus people Pay 4 Obamacare. What is free? GOP lies both ways. It's free & too expensive. Stop throwing people off our collective life boat.
You clearly are not aware of the plans. 65% of obama care "plans" are subsidized by tax payers and younger insureds. Look it up
I don't have Obamacare. I can't afford to have the ACA repealed and lose pre exist cvrg. I don't mind my tax dollars helping  others.
Losing Pre ex protection would devastate the economy & kill millions. Tax $$ are for making life better. GOP only wants to do that by war
Care programs and welfare programs. There is never a time that someone should be out of work unless they don't want to work got to jobs
Attn! again it is the working poor that The GOP doesn't want to raise minimum wage for who rely on food stamps & Medicaid. To evil!
Repeal only does not affect current ACA coverage.  It repeals, with a 2 year grace period to transition into new plan.  They resist repeal!
Let's keep Obamacare and watch it go.
@SenateGOP know this and looks they don't care.@realDonaldTrump must be ok w broken promises. Sad we're showing the empathy we hv
Because Democrats failed to participate in crafting the legislation by going to the table. Yes McConnell is a POS, but you didn't step up!!
They want repeal or destroy ACA to pass Trump's proposed tax  budget & 2 repeal is the only way to make rich richer
Yeah, like 19 of the 23 insurers that pulled out of the market is stabilization...
what about the innocent babies you Democrats co-sign murdering everyday? What about them timmy hypocrite sectumsempra.
IF THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT A CHILD COULD FIGURE OUT !THE REPEAL OF ACA! WITHOUT A EXCELLENT REPLAC ! WILL CAUSE TURMOIL NOT JUST HERE !WORLDWI
That explains his motivation for the plan.
Such s whack job. Should go back to fixing Hollary's server
Trump and The GOP: Party of Stupid People will own any repeal and the people will vote them out in 2018 and 2020
Pls Senator Kaine, ppl needs to get educated regarding ACA.  Most don't really understand the consequences of a full repeal.
According to @kairyssdal of @Marketplace 17% of the US economy. That's not chump change!
What gov. plan has worked government is not the answer
Say the word and you'll have a legion of supporters sir!
.Hurting millions one person at a tiime is the charge taken up by worthless woody
The GOP has had 7 years to come up with a "better" plan. DJT has had 2 years. Neither have such a plan. Stop them from repealing ACA.
This is s moral and ethical outrage what McConnel and company are doing in waging a war of deprivation against the people wellbeing 
They can't kill #ACA (and beneficiaries?), so they'll starve it to death, introducing more instability ao insurers raise rates/withdraw.
Finally the GOP is doing what it promised. Repeal the ACA.  It's horrible legislation. It's in a death spiral.
If Trumpf had a clue what he was doing, he would do it for that reason!
I'm good with it
This plan is also DOA. If the GOP did not have enough votes to replace, a full on repeal is out of the question. Keep the pressure on!
Absolutely
The Dems destabilized healthcare, health insurance, economy & jobs in the USA when they forced the failed Obamacare on it. Full Repeal Now.
Obamacare has made insurance & medical treatment out of reach b/c the costs have skyrocketed. People mandated to buy what they can't use.
Kaine resist protest march against corruption by the republicans. Stop trying to takeaway Americans healthcare and safety net. Cruel
Just hear McConnell speak, blaming the dems for his Repub failure. At least 60% of us know how fraudulent his statements are!!  Laughable!
Who does he owe that he is willing to harm/kill 32 million American Citizens?  This is so appalling.
Thank you for continuing to fight for us!!!!
Repeal just does not mean ppl under ACA. It means even company provided HC. Congress should lose HC with GOP repeal.
Repeal means EVERYONE. With healthcare loses. That's 300+ million. That's the GOP PLAN. Screw all the ppl.
#Resistance
Repeal is simply cruelty! It is saying that the millions of people's lives do not matter! #norepeal
Please do not let this happen!
This sucks but if that's what they are going to do to their own voters so be it. They won't work with dems. Selfish bastids!!
Ughhhh!
Living with fear and anxiety over losing healthcare is unbearable. Two more years of this will cause a mental health crisis! Bi-partisan!
Better start working with him instead of resisting
Collapse of GOP healthcare bill - how bout move toward Medicare for bill

@SenateMajLdr is spiteful as he wasn't able to push his sorry excuse for healthcare plan thru
Too funny, backroom deals of 2010, hurt millions of families that lost thier plans, their doctors, and premiums increased 
It's like they're going, "Fine, you don't like our healthcare plan, how about NO CARE AT ALL!" That is not how legislation should work.
McConnell sounds like a spiteful foot stomping sore losing toddler.
One in great need of a nap and time out
@SenateMajLdr What would you do with no insurance..and then have health problems like @SenJohnMcCain? Do what is right!!
The only repeal that needs to be done is the one that give Treasonous Trump @POTUS  any authority over our country cabinet includuded
But it does help republicans get re-elected.
Agree !
Heal it, don't repeal it.  You'd think they'd learn after 61 tries.
There is something seriously wrong with McConnell. He clearly does not care at all for the citizens of the country he supposedly serves.
What about states w/out insurance companies in the market place? There is no fix currently. Do we just bury our heads in the sand?
I am also becoming disenchanted with Dems that keep ignoring the issues with the ACA.
It was incredibly disturbing to see this image daily. We have to continuously say no we will not have men dictate our health care.
Mine too. I will not stop until there is health equity.
No obomacare destabilized healthcare
Repeal now is best option.
Maybe win an election next time. Then you can do what you want.
It's a mess because 0bamacare was a failure Timmy.
Shouldn't be the largest sector in the first place!  And spewing false narrative about hurting people...scare tactic.  Vote u out!
Can we repeal the presidency and wait until 2020 and do it again? 
So heartless. But I don't think it will pass either.
#NeverRepeal
Yes and you should be voting for repeal as my worthless senator.
Yeah like 32 million!!!!
It hurts the working middle class who have to pony up for everyone. Fix it and stop whining.
You had your chance to come to the table. Deal with the outcome.
Are you a robot? The ACA is died, you and other Dems have done nothing as it has gone done hurting people and the Country. #YouDoNothing
Yes. Now work together to fix ACA, use as stopgap until both parties working together come up with something better. If.
reality check.  its already screwed up
Hey never underestimate the power of Congress to make a difficult situation even worse. Remember financial meltdown of 2008
well said.
That won't pass either. They'll have a full revolt on their hands
That is a real shame that you made health care so huge, The Federal Govt is an HMO that can fight wars forget about any kind of development
Just when I thought the GOP couldn't get any more heartless. This their way of trying to get votes for the AHCA.
The state of Kentucky is a success story for ACA too, McConnell is hurting his own people just as much as everyone else
Our governor is doing what he can to sabatoge the exchange that was a shining example of the aca working. Look up matt bevin.
While many of my plans could have these effects, I must point out: #notthatmcconnell
Stock market up 17% since election, stop watching #faknewsCNN.  Jobs are back, Coal mines are open.  Here are some more highlights #maga
what is the alternative?
#Kentucky has 6 of the poorest counties in US totally dependent on #Medicaid @SenateMajLdr will not just #repeal #healthcare FIX #OBAMACARE
The @GOP wants us all too sick to #resist. But we will resist and #VoteThemOut
They've had 6+ years to come up with a replacement to the ACA and have failed spectacularly. How would repeal first go any better?
It won't.
Rhetorical question :D
One in eight people in the country work in the health care industry! Heard that on NPR! That is equivalent to CA's entire population!
Yep...it's a Bad idea.
Asked daughter why they don't consider the lives these decisions would destroy. Her answer: GOP doesn't think about people, only votes.
No it does not liar Tim Jaime. You know this is false. Millions of people are without healthcare now result of inflated prices obamafail!!
22 MILLION will loose #healthcare if #Trumpcare had passed #repeal only isn't possible=#GOP & #Dems work together to fix problems with #ACA
@timkaine is not a liar
@VP your photo should be in this tweet as well @realDonaldTrump Our Country will not turn its back on the neediest among us #healthcare
We will continue to demand that the same reps made queezy by McConnels plan protect the week the young the elderly and the poor!
Since when has the GOP ever balked at destabilizing our economy? Their stupid, "Pretend America is Really Crappy" campaign did that, too.
@GOP's failed & misnamed Flood Up Economics policies of wealth redistribution to the top 1% has destabilized the economy and society.
They thought WMoW and other activist events would die down w/time. 3/4 of nation disapprove shorting healthcare. We will keep protesting.
Ludicrous. Those guys have to be stopped somehow. I don’t see what we can do.
You're doing it....:) Keep it up, call your Senators.
Don't let it happen
Given the mutiny in the Senate, Captain McConnell should rethink that course of action
Obamacare costs are putting a terrible burden on our family. Deductibles through the roof. Repeal now!
You'd rather tens of thousands die from preventable and treatable issues?
Why should US ppl have any confidence that #congress can work together to build replacement? Expecting a lot of trust, not deserved #cnn
Their governing isn't working because they're rigging elections to win. 
The real majority of people don't want their policies.
Your wrong as usual libs just can't grasp not being handed something for free. Trump won get over it you have mourned HRC long enough
Hey sweetheart - we pay taxes 
McConnell is a one trick pony.  Isn't there anything else he could concern himself with.  For instance work to improve what is there.
They are interested ONLY in getting the money somehow to give big tax breaks to the wealthy.  YOU know that.  We ALL know that
Yep!
Does straight up repeal require only 50 votes or do they need 60?
It has the potential to destroy the economic base as sick people w/o money are not consumers. Choices will be few.
Just like you and your Dem friends did!
We need the protections of the ACA.   No caps, age protection, no penalties for gender or pre-existing conditions.  Essential benefits.
We can't go back to the bad old days.  We just can't.  It's unfathomable.
Yes and it would not just be "going back" - it would be worse then before!
The only way the PEOPLE will ever get anything is to #Impeach45 .
I vote for repealing the @POTUS but who am I?
The self-employed depend on ACA for our insurance! #NoLifetimeCaps #NoExclusions #EssentialBenefits 

#SaveACA #VoteThemOut2018

Don't get it. Where's the positive for them?
Getting rid of Obamacare.  They have to pay toward it.  Pusses them off
