Thank you for going and seeing the reality of the situation. We need to support Puerto Rico  what's the best way for Virginia to help?
Pray, volunteer, donate.

We have been SCREAMING IT FOR WEEKS. Trump is lying that things are fine and letting people die.
But did you throw paper towels at people?
Orange dotard should learn from Tim what caring truly looks like...Tim should b in WT not DT
NOT!
This is genocide. Start saying it before it goes nationwide
Abortion is mass murder. Deal with that.
So is jerking off, by your reasoning
Is there a full effort?
PCS would like to participate in the reconstruction of Puerto Rico’s food industry infrastructure. 
What is PCS?
But the Liar-in-Chief told the world that he's already worked very hard to take care of the recovery. Who should we believe?
Thank you for making PR a priority, please please advocate for the island!
You help will e more than appreciate ! 
Puerto Rico and Trump -“Trump: A narcissist without a shred of empathy” http://bit.ly/2y8rDPK  via @TheShinboneStar
U are so right,anyone with a heart sees Trump for what he really is a salesman  and i am not buying.America better wake up.
A REAL leader visiting AMERICANS in Puerto Rico. 

Cc: @potus @realDonaldTrump @vp @DonaldJTrumpJr @SarahHuckabee @FoxNews
You folks better start paying attention because Democratic party's looking like PUERTO Rico right now & FYI folks don't like being forgotten
Thank you sir!
Democrats need to make more collective noise about getting aid to Puerto Rico.
Good luck with that now FEMA are filtering out the politics (of living)
thank you for caring.  If only our supposed leader did.  There are people that Iive outside the cities - up in the hills and mountains...
I'm so glad you and crooked Hillary are not in charge of the recovery effort,  you will sound hysterical like #CarmenYulinCruz, same show
In order for that to actually happen the Jones Act needs to be revoked! It's harming the recovery & Trump seems fine w/ Americans dying!
Unfortunately,  you're absolutely right.
As a "missionary" you understand that "God loves a cheerful giver"  But do you also understand that God forces no one to give via govt?
But the head of FEMA says they are filtering out the cries of the leaders there.
Maybe you could see to it that @FEMA_Brock stops ignoring the elected representative of San Juan.
Thank you for getting on the ground to see. They truly are in dire need and @POTUS is worthless to people in need.
Do something about the #JonesAct. Trump let waiver expire and DHS says no renewal. Makes no sense.
Please make sure they are helped.
Just throw ‘em a few rolls of paper towels. No biggie. @realDonaldTrump
*Sigh* Shoulda been there as VP.
I agree. We lost out big time.

Thank you, Governor. Now convince Trump to go back with you and LEAVE HIM THERE.
What did any Puerto Rican do to deserve that?
Puerto Rico is a beautiful island. She has no voting capacity. She is of no use to 45. But we on the mainland lover her, cherish her & will
rebuild her with or without our government's help, like we have been doing since Hurricane Maria, without. We will rise back up. Visit U.S.
:(
Please do something
And fema head is ignoring the SJ mayor. Your pictures aren’t showing
Got news for you. The FEMA ADMINISTRATOR HAS FILTETED THEM OUT.
The moron just let the Jones waiver lapse
Thank you so much, Senator Kaine, for caring about #PuertoRico. If only our government felt the same. #PuertoRicoMatters
Thank You for telling like it really is!
Finally the truth!
Better tell the FEMA DIRECTOR... They filtered it out.
We know.. Trump in charge means nothing will be done... but expensive stunts & golf trips? No problem..
the broad you campaigned with seems pretty devastated
So does that mean you will correct your inaccuracies re:  trump admin response?
What a shame the head of FEMA refuses to even listen to the mayor of San Juan.
That's a gross dereliction of Duty
Yes! Help is needed, not a towel-throwing...
This travesty of neglect and irresponsibility wouldn't have happened with you and HRC in office. 
Trump says he has done an awesome job. Maybe you can throw more paper towel rolls!! Lol!!! They are all so pathetic!!
So many visitors.. so little water, medical assistance & food.... something is very wrong with the management of therelief effort.
Please tell the mayor of San Juan that we apologize for our dumb ass in chief.
And I bet you weren't throwing rolls of paper towels because you are an empathetic human being.
Funny how the people are praising Trump and the ones talking crap are the Liberal Mayor talk about Clintons stealing $60 M from Haiti
They are helping more than any administration has in times like these. Hi and your colleagues need to stop your hate talk
Finally someone said, "our fellow Americans."
Place is run by Democrats, ain't it? Like Detroit?
Loser who cares what you think
Can y'all not persuade the rest of congress to get behind PR and the USVI and help these people? Statehood is a good start!
That can't be true, @realDonaldTrump @POTUS says everything is great there, he said that while golfing and encouraging @VP publicity stunt!
Too bad @realDonaldTrump is 2 busy trying 2 convince his idiot followers that he invented the word fake 2 work to fix the situation.
How about reviews Puerto Rico's second class status:
This administration reminds me of Peter Sellers movie, Dr. Strangelove and how I loved the bomb!"
Why aren't you-ALL OF YOU-screaming the truth & exposing Trump's & FEMA's lies & from the steps of the Capitol & Senate floor? @SenSchumer
Please use my tax $ for rebuilding Puerto Rico instead of subsidizing the NFL
Yup. But 45 wants to pretend that they are not Americans but just beggars. Trump's the one who's begging...his "base" to stay. PR NEEDS help
Lot of those people he is trying to ignore have family/friends that can vote 4 Prez. 
Many in Fla & NYC 
Military base their. Many served
So you going to call on this fake potus for telling lies about what's happening there? You going get something passed in Senate to help PR?
puerto rico was in financial ruin before the hurricanes: who had political rule for the last 16 yrs:  wiki: the New Progressive Party (PNP)
Well if we would have got a real President they probably would instead we got this buffoon
Look at that coward @SenCoryGardner pretending to care. We are going to vote you out of office in Colorado. 80247.
Send more troops...we can help you try...since you don't have majority
how can we help?
Thank you for stepping up and doing what @POTUS failed to do.
You see problem in PR?WE expect convo about plan for short & long term recovery, ASAP! No plan? Then #Resign cause you no different than Rs.
You ran for VP making your feeble words & no action just par for DC swamp  Do your job! Make deal w/ 10 R Senators they want him gone too
My worst fear is that people will forget as time goes by, just like our government did from the beginning.
Unfortunately the full effort of our government consists of platitudes and paper towels.
Don't hold your breath waiting for "full effort of government" It is, after all, a Trump govt. And "fellow Americans" means nothing to him.
@realDonaldTrump  looks like you are doing an amazing job.
How are the hospitals doing? Are they getting the medicines they need?
The people of Puerto Rico need help. for the sick and the elderly.for the students that cannot attend class. Gracias Señor Senador. Mercy!
Please keep screaming this to anyone in authority who will listen. Thanks!
It doesn't help that the guy showing you the damage is an ill-meaning, Trump-supporting incompetent. He's half the problem with recovery.
Thank you Mr. Kaine 
maybe cooperation from PR (Democrat) officials would help. Otherwise it's just another Haiti. How much supplies did you see? Where was it?
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS What next a Volcano to Erupt in America. If that Happens I think God is Telling Congress to Impeach Trump
trump posted that video. He is doing a lot I guess.
So basically Trumps a big fat liar?
Not a roll of paper towels between them
What is truly going on down there? Drivers working or not? Military responding or not? Conflicting reports everywhere!!  Who do we believe?
Many drivers are working. The ones who aren't either don't have fuel or can't leave their families in vulnerable areas. Scary situation
Thank you
Thank you for a truthful verification!
Disgraceful spending of taxpayer money Tim, no wonder u lost
Well now I know why the game show host staged the phony walkout today: to deflect attention from Dems fact-finding in Puerto Rico.
Oh, hi, I'm just zooming in my jet. Just zooming along, but you know I gotta stop for some racism. It's just as good fried pork tenderloin.
Thank you for your report & update. It's an important reminder for each of us. Rebuild, repairs does happen quickly.
@realDonaldTrump 
Kaine puts Donnie to shame.But thats easy to do 
Bless you Tim.
Someone should clue in @realDonaldTrump when he’s finished uploading backpatting videos of how swell he’s doing in response to PR #epicfail
if your waiting on 45th and the gop I'm afraid you are in for a long wait. The bigots won't do anything.
Please give us hope for 2020!
We haven’t seen FEMA in Aguadilla
I think your donatetion would be better service
1/2 10,000 containers in PR port not only hold resources, they can be potential modular housing units w. minor modifications. @MarkWarnerVA
Requires thinking inside, outside and inclusive of the box. Plus local capacity can do the work required to modify.
Thank you for sharing the truth about what is happening in Puerto Rico.
Why is this territrpory so bacward? domt they share some of the blame with all their corruption Tim?
Thank you for staying on top of this given the deliberate neglect by t administration.  
senator kain you are one standup guy.
I sound like a broken record here but the USVI????    Anything with them?
I thought members of Congress were barred?
Tell schmuck @VP to stop wasting money on a 2 hour flight for @Colts game. That money could have been used for #PuertoRicoRelief
Thank you, Tim. I’m sure you have heard how the head of FEMA has attempted to silence the Mayor. Please keep speaking the truth.
So what do we need to do to help make that happen?
And we have a useless administration #ImpeachTrumpNow and #pencemustgo so it is up to the tech companies like Tesla and Google to help. 
And who will help Virginia recover from Minnesota carpetbagger?
Odd, but, does it seem to anyone else that Vice President Pence’s leaving was not only a political, but was a racist political stunt?
Maybe he sees the need to bond with "the base" to ease his transition.
True, but that’s presuming he won’t go with the rest of them… which leaves us with Ryan…
Finally attention from a high level legislator! Our poor fellow US citizens are suffering! Thanks @timkaine !!
Thank you for REAL comments about the horror in P.R. AND for not insulting them about throwing budget out of whack. @maddow @potus
We really just need you and Hillary to lead us.  The election was just a blip, keep going.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP #PuertoRicoReliefNOW
Team up w/@marcuslemonis - spent a lot of time there and more to come
Paper towels didn't fix it 
Crazy Trump & puppet Pence too busy grandstanding over NFL taking knees, not to mention crazy Tweets about Corker. Trump is sick, has to go.
Timmy u  we r all aware of the devastation in PR. Why don't u send all those prisoners in VA including ur SON who was arrested to assist
How was the weather Tim kaine in Puerto Rico
I’ll be flying to Puerto Rico the end of the month I hope the weathers nice
I certainly
@TheEllenShow @washingtonpost FYI
Thank you for being there to show efforts and hearing their voices and giving them the support they need.
Time to impeach #45! He has disrespected  America enough!  No more hatred! No more division! We want and demand PEACE!
Please don't let Congress get distracted by Trump Crazy. PR needs congressional action
You know what I love about these pics? You are *listening*.
My fiance and I had the chance to see you when you spoke in Allentown last year. Shame you weren't elected, you care about people.
Did he play his harmonica for you? If not he really didn’t give a damn
Kaine hillary 2020
They can't recover if they die from dehydration and starvation. Adequate air drops of food and water needed in the remote areas
Just looking doesn't help cause it looks like you didn't get dirty. Lots of pics and no work???
Apparently Idiot and his bobblehead think everything is going great and they have really soft towels!
DO something!!!!!!!
Please tell us the truth are the paper towels @realDonaldTrump throw out helping @PuertoRicoPUR helps help
Is there no action Congress can take to force him to do his job? Is this not dereliction of duty?
Founding fathers never dreamed we would have a traitor and reality television star for POTUS.
Star? In his own mind, maybe.
Thank you for going senator! 
Senator why did you vote no on Puerto Rico financing restructure bill? Now you want full force of America, when your vote could have matter
Well done Tim Kaine you are a true Patriot not someone starting fights with football players, all strength to you sir  
You dont care about PR. Your only aim is to make PR the trumps katrina. It's both shameful and disgusting
thank you 4 helping Puerto Rico. A much better use of time than the #PenceNFLstunt #puertoricostrong
Thank you @timkaine We appreciate you representing the concern of Americans here in the states & the interests & needs of Americans in PR
But how many paper towel rolls did you throw at them?
No, Tim, Trump said everyone is happy and things are wonderful. Didn't you hear?
Glad you went but would love to know when PR is going to be taken care of? Why are Trump & FEMA ignoring them? They & we demand action NOW!
NO MONEY for PUERTO RICO.  GOP giving $5 TRILLION to BILLIONAIRES.   And if you don't like it, GOP don't care.
As an individual what can I do? I donate, pray, scream, urge my Sens. I'd go, but I'm afraid be more burden. So angry this is in my America.
Go they need you
How much water did u take with u?
Sir please talk w/your colleagues and get some sensible FEMA leadership in Puerto Rico! One w/ an ounce of humanity!
FEMA chief on San Juan mayor: "Filtered out the mayor a long time ago, we don’t have time for the political noise." http://abcn.ws/2kwr51f  
thank you, Senator. Please do whatever you can to help them. The American people do NOT want our fellow citizens to suffer.
I applaud you for continuing the good fight, Sen Kaine.
Help is on the way, Sen Kaine! The US Unions have stepped up and filled the plane. Wheels up time!
.Was it anything like what your son would leave behind in his wake
Thank you for being a better man than those in our executive branch are combined. Proud to be your constituent.
Me too! Thank you, sir!!!
And me!!
Thank you for your leadership, and for keeping the devastation in PR top-of-mind.

 Call senators and reps and tell them we want them to help Puerto Rico. 202-224-3121
Jones waiver for much longer than 10 days too.
ResistBot 50409
What can we do to get them more support?
Not just more self-congratulatory teeeting about how great we're doing and who's praising us for it?
Thank you, Senator. As a Puerto Rican living in VA,I appreciate your efforts to get more help & attention to the needs of my Island. Gracias
You maybe should go there yourself and help “your island”. I know it means so much to you gracias
You mean paper towels wasn’t enough?
How is the relief work going?  Is there  truth to wht they're saying about FEMA,  they r not doing their job, supplies r not getting to ppl
What about #USVirginIslands?
Thank you Mr. Kaine 
Thank you for helping PR.  #PuertoRicoRelief
I have actually heard some dumb people say "Puerto Ricans should help themselves."  How do people get to be so cruel?
Trickle Down Trump
Hopefully a bipartisan aid package will be quickly passed to help Puerto Rico & the other impacted islands recover from that devastation.
Thank you for going to see for yourself.
I am atheist. However, Tim Kaine is a Christian in action. He is a real Christian.
You are kidding right? Sometimes I miss sarcasm
Thank you! Here in #Virginia we are very proud of you!
You might want to check in on the mayor of san juan. Sounds like she is in way over her head. @PuertoRicoPUR where is @MarcAnthony? @JLo ?
Would like me to see if @JJWatt is available?
Where ya been I think our government is on FULL EFFORT!
Please explain to the buffoon that they are citizens, he doesn’t know that.
That’s probably not gonna happen the FEMA director said there not important today.
Yes 35 mil allocated for 10 billion damage and they're  how pathetic watch trump&  friends buy up the land pennies on the dollar
I really think that's his plan, he'll get a golf course there after all.
Where is antifa why are they not doing anything to help instead of chasing their tail.
We're you able to travel into the country & far corners of the island?
Should read: were
Mr Vice President:
TELL. 
THE. 
#MoronInChief 
please?
And Brockie, too.
Tim, how come trump didn't see it?  Hmm do you he couldn't see past the auditorium and the paper towels? The very soft and beautiful ones.
Too bad @VP and @realDonaldTrump feel free too waste taxpayers money on golf and NFL protests
Maybe the Democratic Party after you and Hillary blew apart the party
What did your team bring?
Ya kids stash must be some good stuff
#LiarinChief still at #SNAILsPACE  #HELPPUERTORICO #IGNORINGMAYOR
WE MUST HELP THEM, EACH STATE GOV/SEN/REPS PLEDGE TO HELP, SET UP TEAMS!GO
