BREAKING: I was going to fire Comey anyway, Pres. Trump tells @LesterHoltNBC in exclusive interview at White House 
Tim, you are above such partisan display. Respect the office you ran for. Respect d American people that did not vote for you but for trump.
The american people have lost all confidence in the White House. Fire Trump.
he's made a dictator move!!  Do something!!
Unfortunately, the Dems are screwed. Repubs have both houses, judiciary and White House.
Fortunately it's not just the Dems who can get this dictator removed: there's the media to expose him, Civil society & citizens he works for
Investigation 101: When someone's story keeps changing, that person is a suspect.
A person lying to cover up truth, which is why investigators consider them suspects.
More liberal BS. The FBI director serves at the pleasure of the President. Period. Presiden Trump fired him. The rest is liberal BS.
@TheDemocrats @GOP james comey still needs 2 testify info from the horses mouth & not lying ass trumpet & fake president
Ask any law enforcement official what is the first thing liars do? Change their story.
So do it!!!
bla bla bla, go away.
Every time he opens his mouth he lies
DT has interfered with an ongoing investigation by firing Comey-time to #impeach45
Under US Constitution, President has authority to fire and hire FBI chief. #Tatiana
Very surreal to see how some people are willing to defend the indefensible against any logic. Lame and sad
The medias story keeps changing.  Big difference...
Hypocrit!
DJT admitted today that he fired Comey 2 end Russiagate. Sessions violated recusal. Obstruction of justice. What r u going 2 do about it?!
@NBCNightlyNews @LesterHoltNBC He can't keep his lies straight.
No evidence No crime wake up stop trying to destroy the country
Impeach him now #resistance#impeach
Me. Tim Kaine.   The one to investigate is the Clintons.   Both of them. The US. Intervene in elections around the worlds ,  Russia the same
Careful what you wish for, new Director of FBI could B your worst nightmare! Hillary is still vulnerable, limitations not run out yet...
Go to work on this! Mobilize colleagues-start talks of impeachment/demand special independent investigation. They r killing too much time
How can this continue. He's legit mentally impaired. #savethenation #ImpeachNow #heasabadhombre
maybe add in a little Benghazi, server email and Clinton Foundation special prosecutor investigation?
I don't understand why he is in the White House impeachment is the right thing to do!
Get McConnell to stop kissing up to the donald with Paul Ryan hiding his mistakes.
GO AWAY!
@NBCNightlyNews @LesterHoltNBC I suggest @PreetBharara should b made special prosecutor, Rosenstein should resign, Sessions jailed

He just sounds like a spoilt child...
great, but how is this not already grounds for impeachment?
Considering Rosentein would have to be the one to appoint said special prosecutor, I do not see this happening anytime soon.
Phony investigation over phony allegations. Still waiting for Special Prosecutor for career criminal and treasonous Clintons.
Special prosecutor needed now!
"The writing is on the wall"! Obstruction of Justice! Impeach!
Senator, we truly do have a constitutional crisis on our hands.  What are you doing to stop the insanity?
Nah. You lost every bit of credibility that I was going to give you. When you threw spaghetti against the wall you lost your noodle.
amazing he is admitting at a dinner conversation where Comey was asking to stay on as FBI Director - they also conversed abt investigation
It's pretty wild - so adamant that he was firing him - before the letter of recommendation - so way spend time with the recommendations
I agree Senator Kaine.
ABSOLUTELY!!! His lies are pathological and beyond belief!
trump has lost all credibility. The American people (the world) have caught him in one lie after another....how can he be trusted...He Can't
Senator, at this point I recommend a special prosecutor and a forensic psychiatrist.
We need a special prosecutor!!
Trump had something to hide, he is a liar, a cheat, incompetent, unprepared, bad for country. Pence is no better.
That interview with @LesterHoltNBC was the most fake I have ever seen in my 58 yrs on earth! @POTUS certainly cannot act.
I really don't think Trump believes he'll be held accountable for his words so he's fairly nonplussed about the stories lining up.
Agreed.  All investigations look for inconsistencies in the retelling of the event.  And this retelling keeps changing.
He's a lying pos that changes his story when first one didn't work. Typically guilty.
But he said he's got a certified letter!!!!
#conmantrump
That man is such a liar.
Yes!  Let's get Hillary and Susan Rice for actual offenses!
His lies are far beyond absurd now.  Thank you for pushing for special prosecutor.  McConnell needs serious pressure.
Every time trump talks his mouth makes a perfect circle! Must have a lot of practice.
Liar, liar pants on fire. No ties with Russia. Such a joke. Give it up Trump. So sad.
Blame everything on Obama. So sad. such a narcissist.
I didn't hear you say that in July when Crooked Hillary pulled your strings. I have hope she will go to jail
Spying, really? Trump is so full of it. Every time you see him his mouth spits out nothing except trash. So sad.
Psychiatrist urgently required.  This guy is out of his fucking mind . SCARY for the rest of the world watching this Imbecile. Bad liar too
Trump is so sad, talk about a showboat. So full of sad stories. Has to make up a story about everyone else. So sad, so sad. Liar, liar.
Please continue to press for special prosecutor. America deserves the truth.
...Tillerson, DeVos, (whole cabinet!) 
Bannon, Manafort, Miller (whole campaign staff), 
Nunez (whole transition team). 
#DrainTheSwamp
Sure you were!
It's difficult to keep your lies straight. #Trumprussia
Then why won't you hold up EVERYTHING in the Senate til we get one?  Just because we CAN walk and chew gum doesn't mean we SHOULD!
Justice must prevail! WON'T happen w/Republicans handling the investigation. Must be independent investigation. No more party over people.
That's funny, no crime has been sited and no individual identified in investigation, just more lies from you
Hey @timkaine you must have missed all the interviews where Dems wanted him fired when he re opened emails.Yes dems story does keep changing
You missed the point, no surprise. It doesn't matter if Dems wanted Comey out. It's Trump's reasons that matter. Screams coverup.

Rosenstein was ready to quit over Trump lies. Acting FBI Dir. reveals Trump lies about Comey leadership. We cannot go on like his.
Yes Sir, but it HAS to be an independent investigator...not one that Trump OR GOP can control!
@timkaine thank you for still standing up for all of us!
#OMG #trump keeps saying #Comey told him "he" wasn't under investigation. Just investigating #trump's #campaign. #trump is a #psychopath.
Rebuke him for Abuse of power!
@laurabergerol @NBCNightlyNews @LesterHoltNBC If this was not a recorded interview, the story would keep changing.
@BeltwayPanda @NBCNightlyNews @LesterHoltNBC such a sad, sad delusional man. He needs to be in a padded cell
More lies is hard to cover up the first lie
Independent special prosecutor. Shut down senate business until we know what's going on. Then IMPEACH HIM!
Could Congress appropriate for itself a detail of investigators, prosecutors, intel agents etc  for impeachment investigatory purposes?
Yes we need to get to the bottom of all of this.
Shut the Senate down! We need to know what is going on with Trump. He's mentally ill!
Underscores that OUR POTUS & his Admin r liars
The trbl still is that @realDonaldTrump can't get Agent Gibbs to agree to take Comeys place.Mark Harmon keeps telling him it's only a show.
We the American people WANT a #SpecialProsecutor for an #IndependentInvestigation for #TrumpRussiaCoverUp 
Yes! Demand it senator. Do no cooperate until it happens. Please!
No, it underscores the need for impeachment! Do your job congress.
Trump won't take as ice from ppl that know more about certain situations than he does. Sounds like my boss.
Trump says this, Pence says that, Spicer says something different. My question is: which lie are his supporters supposed to believe?
They just believe the latest lie. That's how it works. Lol.
It's time for all Democrats to band together and get this guy out of office - we need all of them to go.  Allowing Russia into to Oval?
Like the Democrats keep changing. Fire Come than don't
Trump is CRAY!! WTF @GOP !!
He is making liars of his team so we cannot believe any in this administration.
The more he explains, the guiltier he looks! He must really think America is stupid!
Honestly, Tim I don't knw if I can stand listening to his lies for another interview! I appreciate @MSNBC showing some  excerpts of it!
If had any sense he would shut up.  But if course, he is smarter than everybody--NOT.
You only do a special prosecutor when there is a crime.

Honestly, have you EVER experienced anything as bizarre as this shared hallucination of *45 Administration? #DidWeAllAccidentallyDropAcid?
You may have to open up investigations on certain Republican law makers too. Actions to protect Trump points to corruption in GOP.
Completely agree! McConnell needs to be first in line with Ryan right behind him.
Amen!
And I'm sure Trump has a bridge he'd like to sell the American people at a very good price...
#Kaine2020 thank you sir
Instead of a unbiased independent prosecutor-lawyer, maybe an independent psychiatrist.  (Or is it too early to mention that?)
The WH and GOP continue to collude with Russia by engaging in dezinformatsiya.  http://observer.com/2017/03/kremlingate-russia-spy-game-disinformation/ … cc: @MarkWarner @RepAdamSchiff
Yes we need an #IndependentInvestigation  #impeachTrumpnow
Senator Kaine, they just keep LYING.
Kinda like hillary clinton and her server, huh?
#SpecialProsecutor
And a psych eval
He's guilty of obstruction should start impeachment on that alone nevermind collusion with Russia
#Special Prosecutor
Shut down everything else until we can get to the bottom of all of this!!!  This is HUGE!!
Doesn't anyone think that Trump is being blackmailed over #GoldenShowers  ??? Flynn tried to utilize it, that's all.
Yes!  Then Hillary and Susan Rice can finally be prosecuted!
Omg he lies and lies
AGREE  #IndependentInvestigation #SpecialProsecutor
Independent prosecutor now!
Difficult to keep the lies straight
