he committed perjury! Federal felony! Punishable by up to 5 years in prison.
Maybe, Sessions could then join Hillary in prison.
haha. News flash- she's not going to prison.
neither will Sessions
And you know this how?
Obama should go to jail for aiding & abetting the enemy. But he won't either.
No he shouldn't.
. Hopefully all that is going on in Ameriica is an aberrant interlude. With passage of time, the country will reconstitute itself
8 years of Trump.
highly unlikely
@timkaineif you're referring to the reconstitution of America, then your view might be ahistorical.US history dynamic
I'm referring to 8 yrs of trump
huh!
The liberal "Left" hasn't bothered to find out what God has stated about Donald Trump.  The new 'Cyrus'.
sure
How do the repubs get away with this?  The Dems would be impeached by now!!!
respect a good and great senator Jeff sessions  a great American
answer reference to contact about election, answer, NO! Contact in job w/ Foreign Relations Committee YES! Get it right Mr Kaine!!
Keep the pressure on, Senator Kaine. There is a pattern here to be followed. It is your obligation to find the truth!
what are you waiting for?
The writing is on the wall.
Hold off on resignation until Deputy AG is confirmed.
did you see senator schumer shaking and bowing his head to putvin??
.. Well isn't that a bold statement for someone associated with pedophilia? That facade of yours is about to come crumbling down
@vademocrats Not enough senator - You need to get on board with the other Dems in senate and house and call for resignation NOW!
Senator Sessions is an honorable man.
Start calling for his resignation. He will crumble. He knows how guilty & dirty the Russian dressing is in tRump's administration.
misleading testimony = lie. He lied.
To late out!play like the trump team U played to nice!Out !
was t misleading, he lied!!! Simple, he has to go and he should be prosecuted for perjury
You had no compunction running with Crooked Hillary and yet this outrages you?  OK.  BTW, you sucked at your debate w Pence. RUDE!
not good enough. #SessionsMustResign
@chelswithanea
I agree.  Perhaps right after you help Hillary find her missing 33,000 emails.  Sorry you are forever hitched to that wagon sir.
call for it anyway
Appreciate this, but why is it so difficult to call a lie a lie? Done with the twisting and justifying.
. Hey Kim like under sniper fire? Omg where to start....face facts, dems are corrupt. The end.
So you assume I voted for Hilary because I called Sessions a liar? I'm not in to this blind party madness. I'll pass on koolaid
don't care whose side you on. Clearly u on liberal side that pushes any negative narrative. So worried about taxes. Pathetic.
Are you a troll/stalker? Trumps the only one worrying about hiding his taxes. Drink all the dirty water you want.
I'm getting tired of this Russia nonsense. If there was evidence it would have been made public by now. Stop it!
is there a satisfactory explanation for lying? Call for resignation please. Let's show our country that truth always matters!
Cut to the chase. Tell him to resign now.
it was more than misleading .... it was blatant lies under oath. A crime as I understand it. Why not prosecute?
I hope you do.
u gotta be kidding.  he answered the question asked.  ask the question u want answered.
what possible explanation is there, and who would believe it? He's lost any credibility he may have had.
Dems are going DOWN!!!  Thank you God.
k
He must resign. He was  not qualified for the position to begin with.
Thank you! We need to get to the bottom of the shady Russian connection to this administration.
@jeffsessions MUST RESIGN he committed PERJURY. #LockHimUp
I would prefer it if you, Tim Kaine, would resign.
still buthurt from your assbeating by trump?
resignation should happen either way. Lying under oath? Come on, he RUNS the judiciary for Petes sake.
Yes,  Is Sessions really recusing himself or only waiting til it is "appropriate"? Sessions needs to resign now.
just call for his resignation. He clearly lied and intentionally mislead the SJC.
@TPThompson2 call for it anyway he lied uneed oath....my God do you need to have an actual light bulb go on over your head...smh
Should call for it anyways you're a Democrat act like it!!!
All u Dems should resign, cause of what ur doing to our President. Ur not doing the job u were sent to do. Same to some reps.
Lock up Pence! Lock up Pence! Shoe is on other foot, Repubs.
checkout Wall Street Journal article today.
Did you call for Lynch to resign out recuse herself when she met with Bill Clinton while she was investigating Hillary?
You won't get it. Sit down. You lost and given your behavior the past decade, we don't care what you call for. The answer is no.
yes
You do that and I will work to destroy your political career in the way your are working to destroy everything Trump. No integrity
Democratic's need to show more toughness against these traitors resigning isn't good enough jail time is required!
"Good day to remind everyone that AG Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, found in contempt & never prosecuted."
AG lorreta lynch caught in 30 minute secret meeting with B Clinton on a airport tarmac.did you call for her resignation? #sessions
Thank you Senator Kaine for standing up for the truth & representing your constituents in Virginia!
please call for his resignation. Heard tape of him saying he was flustered by reports day of interview...so he lied.
turn on the TV - his testimony has been playing non stop.  Even you could follow along
you're a fraud- the question asked was answered- the end. It's frauds like you that hold your prog agenda as priority.
Fire Sessions.He's already lied several times. I need the democrats to fight harder.
hello. sir
Trump insiders with ties to Russia:
Flynn
Sessions
Ross
Tillerson
Page
Manafort
Ivanka 
Donald Jr
Kushner
hmm he didn't and  your jackass if believe any ones going fall for the lefts games

Did you call for recusal or resignation when @AGLynch met @billclinton at an airport?
What you want to let him lie even more.
too late call for it now
he should have never been elected in any way for being a member of the KKK! That alone should've disqualified him! #tiredofthelies
B.S.  All of you need to start cleaning up the mess you all created!
Speaking of misleading statements, that's exactly what you & Hillary did. You are being dishonest before God, u s/b ashamed!!!
why did you not demand Loretta lynch resign after her secret meeting with Bill while Hillary was being investigated? RESIGN
But his racism doesn't bother you, just the potential for detente with Russia? What orifice do you communicate with?
@QueenB15_ He resigns. No explanation for this behavior other than treason.
Virginians demand his resignation. This is not acceptable.  I'm sure you've told your own kids there are consequences for lying.
someone needs to call for your resignation. 2018 can't come fast enough.
it's the russians again you mental case
call for his resignation, period.
what would they be doing to Hillary right now if her choice for AG has done this! They would have been screaming impeachment!
he lied. Why do you need to give him another chance? I urge you to call for his resignation based on his actions.
All of his prior AL casework should be examined for prosecutorial misconduct. People don't just act above the law once.
who the hell cares what you call for?
Remember, what difference does it make? IRS cheating on U.S. Citizens, nothing. U Dems care NOTHING about us U.S.citizens!
@18_MACHINE What EXACTLY was he talking to the ambassador about during the campaign?
Pay to play ... Big Oil contracts with connections to members in the White House.. Trump Property Rights in Russia and his debt to Putin $$$
They aren't, so please do.
@HarperRausch  

Criminal standards are too low of a bar for the AG, there can be no suspicion of the AG ever or he should resign.
Hard to explain an outright lie.
How about now? Asking for a constituent. 
https://www.wsj.com/articles/jeff-sessions-used-political-funds-for-republican-convention-expenses-1488509301 …
@StevenSinger3 wld #GOP have given a Clinton AG the same courtesy? #ResignSessions
just another lying ass hypocrite Democrat
and you were trying to bekillarys vp hypocrite why not try to prosecute her for her wrong misdeeds and lying and killing
HE IS A LIAR ,AND COMEY IS COVERING FOR ALL THEM AT THE FBI GET EM " MR KAINE  !
He has recused himself over the info, which means he's as much as admitted it happened. Call for his resignation!!
as if your 'calling for a resignation' means a hill of beans in the Beltway. You are a blowhard, gaseous, windbag of a BS artist.
just stop... you are so embarrassing!!
I wish you were VP now!!!
sorry, I'm a Gov Empl. & if we get caught lying about foreign relations, we lose our clearance & jobs on the spot. #firehimnow
lets go back to fast & furious on Holder.  Oh no wait. We know that was a pack of lies...but it was BHO...
All these
 "investigations" waste tax dollars & time that could go toward positive work. Democratic specialties. This is nothing
Thank you!
misleading testimony is the only kind Clinton ever uttered. If her lips were moving..it was false.  Just totally patently false.
AG Eric Holder ran guns to Mexico, lied to Congress about it, was found in contempt & never prosecuted or asked to resign
Hillary Clinton needs to be exposed as the crook she is. But the longer dems trumpet this false narrative..the better for HRC.
Russians Russians Russians...so far fetched & phony.  Quit trying to insist Russians had any damn part of the election. False B S.
Call for his resignation now. Signed, a constituent. And keep after these Russia ties until the full truth is known.
@zino54  a lie is a lie, misleading is a lie because it is intentional.
or maybe Clem Kadiddlehopper?
@kick45out He should resign! This entire regime Impeached and We The People call for a Re-Vote! #GOP Corruption
Don't mind Crazy Guggenheim he just got outta the nut hut.
lock him up!
Kaine 2020!
CALL FOR IT NOW, for the love of democracy!!!!!  He flat out lied and everyone can see that.  I wouldn't accept anything less.
.@timkaine How about now? Asking for a constituent. https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/02/us/politics/kushner-flynn-sessions-russia.html?smid=tw-share …
I heard Sessions's answers as unsatisfactory - hoping you will indeed call for his resignation.  -your constituent
his answers are not satisfactory. Please take action Senator Kaine.
Because you're on the pedos list. u @timkaine EVERYONE Help the kids, protect them. Dismissing is unacceptable https://youtu.be/K6vvx2rHid0 
How brave of you! Remind us of that time you called for Loretta Lynch to resign, please. Waiting. #crickets
Join my senator, Sherrod Brown, and call for his resignation right now.
He MUST resign. He is charged with upholding the law. Instead he broke it.
#SessionsLied
and we'll be cheering you on C-Span when we hear you call for his resig!
He just gave his empty bullshit statement ! Time to call for his resignation
but he is a liar TIM
@PoliticsVillage I think u should explain to the public why you are still so angry about the election. Nothing misleading. Sorry.
Did Putin Pick Trumps Administration  of all Russian assets
#Sessionsmustresign. He had a chance to tell the truth but #lied under oath, instead. No do-overs. Recusal isn’t enough. #resist
. Oh shut up. Misleading? Hillary the queen of deception, corruption and misleading. More truth on her will come out soon. U r mad!
he  perjured himself. Demand resignation.
@SouthernDems_ Why give him the chance, it's on tape.  He perjured himself and should go to prison.
grow a pair Tim. We are lawyers, he knows what "the WHOLE truth" means. This is clear perjury and his prev denials show mens rea.
All I can say is "What difference at this point does it make".  Don't talk to us Virginians about misleading testimony!
misleading? He flat out lied under oath
was his explanation good enough?
he lied under oath. The explanation is that he is a sham.
you are legitimate VP.difficult unprecedented process must begin to hold new election untainted by hacks,Russians,money launderers
Timmy. The Democrats are on their last leg. This isn't going to help the DNC or hurt the Trump Admin.. It's over. Accept it.
#firesessions
he should be fired! he lied simple he lied. just watch the tape he lied to Al.
The testimony was NOT misleading, he answered the question.  Just get to work on some more important work of the congress.
resignation based on what? this is the democrat temper tantrum. Try to force Trump cabinet to resign one by one
Thank you Senator Kaine.
He didn't mislead. He lied.
@cinemaven #Perjury is a crime, lock him up! #WeThePeople demand justice!  #Resist
please do. Actually, you can call for his resignation now. Perjury is a good reason to not be AG.
he should resign immediately
you lost be a good loser
@InSpiteOfTrump do we need a dictionary to explain the difference between a lie & a misleading statement. C'mon!
now Sessions has explained and if you listen to the question Franken asked he answered truthfully which is more than Hillary did.
could you please show us any evidence that Russians and Trump worked together? You lost, now go to work and make America great.
@Macius52 how about jail?
What abt Wilbur Ross?sU voted 4 that guy & his ties  2 dirty Russian oligarch money laundering scream out via MSNBC! 
You ran with a woman who lied over & over again to the American people!!!!
You need to explain your dishonesty to the people of Virginia
You probably will. Did you call for Valerie Jarret's?
yes please do
#SessionsMustResign Thanks for standing up to misleading testimony!
he lied under oath Let him quit like a man and safe his face #sessionsmustgo
Sessions lied under oath! There is no satisfactory explantation for that. Stand up for us. Do your job.
His explanation is UNACCEPTABLE
you are still spewing LIES...you should DEMAND truth from HRC (and the emails she DELETED from her illegal server)
He lied under oath to Congress. That's perjury. We need our Dem leaders to take a stronger stance than you are. He must resign.
thank u
He must resign. He lied under oath. Frankly, he is the last person who should be lying under oath.
More reasons why I wud NEVER mix my PRIVATE @advocatehealth career w/ANTY #politics!!
“In America, the Supreme Court and the American people believe no one is above the law,” Sessions said in 1999 @washingtonpost
I feel like the system isn't working. I hope it is. It just doesn't feel like it.
Don't wait, he needs to resign now.
Hilliary did it. Look at the facts he didn't lie. What was Frankens questioning
So Hillary should be in jail then
Remember, no one died in this "controversy". But Benghazi...?
This is what happens when The Con.Hearings Get Rushed Two Scandals And Counting The AG Should Resign
why are we accepting lies or explanations?  Where do we draw the line? Why are we making the press provide checks and balances?
