What about a mass to save the unborn babies that you are ok with actually killing?
How about a mass to promote access to quality health care for all the babies the right wing folks insist be brought into this world?
How about praying those who bring unwanted babies into this world begin using some form of contraception or keep their legs crossed.
You know that Planned Parenthood is where many women get affordable contraception and that abortions will increase if they are defunded?
I don't want my tax dollars funding irresponsibility. It's has become an abused safety net.
Tim Kaine always the true USVP in my book.  Good and decent man thank you!  #resist #persist #pray
Lets reset the clocks to 2008 when there was nothing wrong with our insurance.  Low premiums, no catrosphic caps, no deductible.
Please consider this alternative to TrumpCare. Insurance for all.
I would really like a system like that. That's why I voted for Obama then he gave us ocare and screwed us
It was a cash payout to insurance companys
I don't disagree with that assessment, but it did get a lot more people insured who aren't going to give it up lightly.
That's true but still 20m uninsured and it hurts middle class family's like mine
You are an amazing human @timkaine ! Thank you from Ashburn VA
Tim, SIT your ass down, Hillary lost already, stop screaming on the streets
Pray harder or god will kill more people.  Do you want that on your conscience?
What, over almost 60 times and without a plan?
It isn't your "prayers" that will save our healthcare. It's Democrats blocking them. Are you saying you've given up on that?
I am praying for Obamacare to be repealed. I believe that is what God wants.
Thank you Senator Kaine!
It was a moving morning hearing stories of people concerned about losing Medicaid coverage and recognizing power of prayer #MercyJustice
Say, Timmie, when did Medicare change from a program to help the truly needy to one helping the potential Democrat voter?
When did those on Medicaid become disposable to the Republicans?
When did Medicaid expand far beyond it's original purpose? When Democrats needed to buy votes.
Evidently you haven't a clue about those who NEED Medicaid.
Those who NEED Medicaid live below the poverty line, not above it.
Yes they do.. AND THEYRE DISABLED, ELDERLY,
Might as well sacrifice a goat while you're at it. #BetterSafeThanSorry #NeedAllTheHelpWeCanGet
It is a form of assembly peaceful spiritual ! They are holding a stand for us who are too sick to be there . And praying is seeking healing
Love you
I'm not religious and I pray for our healthcare daily. We need all the help we can get.
Praying from Costa Rica, for those who need healthcare. Good and decent people: a change will make America unfair not great.
It's not about healthcare. It's about health insurance, and how to pay for free care for the poor.
Don't pray. Vote.
Praying for politics,... too Funny 
This is going to take more than a little prayer.
And I'll keep praying for all the babies killed by abortion.
Lol, dems ruined healthcare 7 years ago your a little late
Pray for states to cut Medicaid.  Highest opioid deaths are states that get Medicaid $
What you were praying for was a government entitlement. Why not pray for God's Will to be done. He may have already given something better.
Ya all need to get this guy out. Seriously he has severe mental health issues and is not capable of leading this country. We are doomed

Thank you for showing, and living, the faith of a true Christian. Peace.
You are truly one of the good guys.
Get off your knees and do something!
Have you been praying to lower my 40% increase in premiums under Obamacare? @washingtonpost @kerrydougherty
What are you praying for? That the working class will keep working and buying sh-t we can't afford to use, or that AHA will implode?
@COPicard2017 There is no god, you are wasting time. Get voters to call their Republican senators demanding they vote no!
Jackass
Oh brother...this is your answer for O'care.
How many of these people voted for Trump? We might be surprised.
The Abortion Lover praying ??? You make me sick , God cannot be mocked or fooled
That is great, but if you really want to pray.   Better pray for souls of those endorsing this soulless bill.
Pray also for women's rights to have planned parenthood continue the millions of Abortions , God loves that stuff ! Right Timmy
Text resist to 50409 will fax your rep and senators to advocate #savemedicaid
Thing is, entitlements are not Christian based when the money for it is stolen from the middle class.
I'm praying to save the country.  As a catholic do you also pray for the unborn
Why? It's not going anywhere. Also, are they going to pay for all of it or are dollars going to fall from heaven. Steal from poor mid class
Thank you, Senator & Brother. I am with you 100%.

I would start praying for job
#savemedicaid #faithformedicaid #donoharm #killthebill
That'll work.  Good strategy?
Prayer won't save it you're going to have to go to work and do your damn job.   Quit the obstruction and start some production...
Like most career politicians, your a complete fraud
GOD bless you Senator Kaine.
While your at it Tim, pray to stop abortion
Praying...
is our fight truly between #God and #Fascism
Thank you
#Faith4Medicaid? Bigot. 
You never thought the working middle class would get fed up paying for it all at the expense of their families.
Just more showmanship from a clown and a party who hates religion but finds it useful when it fits a statist narrative
Bingo. Emotional blackmail. They're masters of that and emotional terrorism. Desperate and pathetic.
Pray for single payer and no more wars we can't even come close to being able to afford another war
frm ur lips .....
With all due respect Senator. You would have prayed this prayers years back before O'care killed Jobs and strangled the middle class.
Please say a prayer for all of us

And the poor middle class is paying for it.
