Why single them out then? They're just like everyone else, put away your victim card
If all groups matter, why does it trigger you when one in particular is acknowledged?
He's just a professional panderer, the DNC has code words for each type, it's pretty sickening how they label everyone instead of being as 1
Because as beautiful as that sounds, reality is there exists discrimination. In order to stop it, we have to acknowledge its existence.
Apparently, I'm blocked 
Accept everyone regardless of their race, sexual orientation, identity, Except for republican's!!!
#hypocrite
#shamefulbullies
#divisive
So, explain how LGBT has human rights but these ppl you calling African Americans have Civil Rights---Reconcile that for me Senator -
You probably shouldn't ask that question of a Senator from the party that founded the KKK.
You got a point there---I get the Tin Foil hat for that one Kevin--
lol
So why keep pushing for special treatment?
Thank you for your advocacy!
Senator, you're a mensch. Thank you.
Why do Democrats hate Christians that live for JESUS and hate kids that God has created in their mother's womb?
Thank you
and the best part they have voter registration cards. @LBGRainbow
U think this is going to help u with getting into the white house the nest time. Give me a break Timmy
Whhhhhyyyyyy aren't you our VP!?!? 
#loveislove #equality
So you finally coming out? Was it your Jesuit education or the  Honduran boys on your mission trip that you are finally ok w coming out?
Can you just be our President?
What about the rights of 15 year old girls?
That's why you are not a Christian,  you are a liar who is headed  to hell. Read your bible! You can't support abomination & go to heaven
Thank you 
your pseudologist timmy why all this HATE for the POTUS is it because HE brought out your inept abilities?
yeah if they are humans as well, why focus on them. You buying votes for the future?
Stay in Virginia
Unless their conservatives, am I right?
Just give me your votes
#ilovetimkaine
Only hate is towards Kaine, So how are u going to earn the taxpayers money's today????????????
so why do liberals have contempt and hate for conservatives? is that the true message of tolerance?
You mean unless they are conservative and have Christian values, or happen to like @realDonaldTrump . Then it's okay to hate, right?
You know Tim, you & HRC was robbed during the election. It makes me ill just thinking about it. Now look what we have! A disgusting traitor.
SICK Kaine you are sick. . .
We are all 
GOD'S CHILDREN..HE WHO HAS  NOT SIN CAST THE FIRST STONE .
We are all human beings and we are God's children.  He has not sin cast the first stone
That is how a pervert thinks Tim.
So you agree with pedophilia sexual preference?  You are a maroon.

I love you for your big heart!!
Me & my wife really love you Tim.  Your such a good person.  We follow you because you see good in everyone.
You are welcome at our home in Leesburg anytime. 
#timkaine2020
President included?
Thank you for the great work you do representing ALL Virginians.
Please tell Hillary that she inspired me to step up.  I can withstand anything because of her.  I will not back down.  #NCDPBreaktheMajority
Awe
Thank you, Mr. Vice President
This tweet brought a tear to my eye 
Thank you. Everyone deserves to live with dignity.
Then you shouldn't be a liberal and label everyone!
Right then you are not a man, just a homo sapien, because shouldn't label
@timkaine I love your advocacy for love for all! Would you let me know how I can help?
Thank you, sir!
We love you Tim!
We think we love you! Me n my wife!
Thanks @timkaine for your devotion to civil rights.
Thanks :) <3
I miss the talk everything has been so ugly along with actions 
Your kind fair measured honorable voice is a blessing. You should be w/HRC in WH fighting for Americans of all genders #strongertogether 
Thankyou Herstory will record it all.Strange how so many don't get that.
Jobs, lower taxes, less regulation, fair trade, strong foreign policy, borders, maybe infrastructure once GDP is rising.  Focus please.
last time i checked, they have the same rights i do, so what's the problem.  And how long was your son in jail?
