19 hours of sleel? My record is 14. Jealousssss
You sleep for 19h? Only kidding. Good job.
Because it did nothing of consequence for 19 plus hours either.
WWJD? First of all Jesus wasn't a #hypocrite like you/Congress are. We don't want Government over our health, you ppl are inept.
Short term victory for you and your I phone 
Obamacare will bury the Democrats in 2018
I just said 2my husband that I did not think u ever slept.... you are a wonder and I U as my Senator! Sad U R not VP U would have rocked!
Rocked to the crooked Clintons
2+ decades in healthcare.Watching poor families and seniors struggle for health care &doing all I could to provide it. Every vote counts. TY
Siri's a nag but thank you for all the hours you put in fighting. 
Lol, Thank You Senator
I don't approve of the way you choose to unwind.
THANK YOU, Senator.
Poor baby 
Siri heard you yawn.
Martyr
Ur a corrupt hack. Of no use to decent Americans. 
Maybe we should let iPhone write the health-care bill?

@chelswithanea

Thank you for staying up. It was well worth the effort.
Great Job, Thank You
Big brother Trump is watching
Thank you Sir.. You did awesome last night!
19 hours?! That's a mean piece of sleeping but you deserve it!
You were great! Thank you, senator!
Toooo long
My phone does that to me, too.
Right, I'm sure you got your full 19 hours too!
Creepo
Ha, that's funny!
Thanks for fighting for us and never wavering.
Thanks Senator Kaine.
Thanks for the laugh, Senator!
Good for you for fighting for us all!  Especially me with a congenital disability.  I'm a walking, talking, voting pre-exisiting condition.
And failing Obamacare is still in place, nice job! Why didn't you vote for single payer yesterday, coward?
LOL!  A tad creepy!  Thank you sir!!
Thank you for what you did. I am a constituent and I think you are wonderful!
Go to bed Tim
Big brother is watching the other brother

You did a great job. Thanks from America! Virginia can rest.
You've been asleep for years.
Idiot
Because it's a smart phone. Enjoy your rest - you deserve it. Thank you. But come back soon -- we need you out there. So many things!
Let's get you a new background, Senator! No more defaults.
Sleep for almost 20 hrs?  Cool.  #ILoveMySenator  #ThankYouForCaringWhetherILiveOrDie 
Thanks so much for everything you do !  Your loyal constituent from VA 
The iPhone know all and sees all.
~ That's because; mobiles are becoming smarter day by day and we're becoming dumber everyday . . 
I never understand the thought process behnd marathon sessions?  Sometime can you explain?
Oh, gracious, I needed that, Tim
So you worked hard one day to vote no?
I'm so proud that you're my senator! Thank you. 
iphone knows
Keep up the great work!!
thank you for your tireless efforts, senator!
Why would you need 19 hours of sleep?  I mean.  That's awesome if you can get it.
You deserve it! Thanks so much for going above and beyond for the citizens of Virginia.
Thank you so much for your hard work to keep Health care for Virginians your I phone is smart That is why it's called such 
You need your rest. Thank you for your tireless work.
listen to your phone Senator !!! get some sleep ! I saw you on TV MSNBC and you look tired.
Be careful, Tim. They have cameras in microwaves now.
How did my iPhone know how tired I was after last night's marathon health care vote? 
Begs the question what else does it know? Did it know that you were really talking to your friends over a beer when your wife called? SCARY.

Thank you.  Sleep in over the weekend and do something nice for yourself.
Thank you for performing your duty for the American people
Send that app to Trump.
19 hours? Wow I'm lucky to get 4. Get some rest Tim.
You deserve it. Thanks for working hard for us. Rest up, the fight ain't over. We're with you all the way.
tim this is a concerned voter go to bed
It saw the bruises on your chin.
Thank you Senator!!!
