Editorial: After 16 years of bloodshed, the U.S. needs a plan – not just talk – on Afghanistan https://pilotonline.com/opinion/editorial/editorial-u-s-needs-a-plan-not-just-talk-on/article_8f8654f0-952b-5175-9831-0921512dfb3b.html …
There is no mission that our troops should be performing for Afghanistan this is the diplomatic mission. Humanitarian efforts only.
Out damn bot, out I say!
Mission: Keep politicians out of the decision making; Untie the soldiers hands; Stand back and let them do their damn job. Clear enough?
What do you think has been happening the past 8 years did you ever question Obama and his lack of strategy?
Yup and once again both Democratic and Republican's can point problems out but don't do one damn thing about them. Vote them out!
The soldiers will know the clearly defined mission..the American public doesn't.
Dear God, we dodged a bullet when you and Hillary lost!
Well since you never served silence you mouth.
Everybody knows Tim the only reason we are there is to keep the nukes out of terrorist hands then bring the nukes home then pull out
I heard from @newtgingrich u were once a normal person. Sorry Hillary and the #dnc officials made you a bad person.
You forget, Obama is not in office anymore.  We have a real leader now.
You're unstable, Timmy! Worry about your hoodlum son before you interject your thoughts on our military.
They can define the mission in the war/briefing room.
Seriously, dude?
Did you just realize this?
What did you and Obama define, as the clear goal? And how did that work out for us?
As a Retired Vet I know who WON'T be fighting except IN America against Americans.
The military will define the mission to them. You on the other hand can't be trusted with vital information
He did clearly define it. Where were you?
.......and who died and made you the expert on national defense?  Pathetic.
Tell your son to stop being arrested for being antifa and violent
Finally with the help of @realDonaldTrump Our troops have the FULL support they deserve. Either get on board, or turn your  microphone off.
Poor guy My father was a highly decorated Army Air Force member and a 100% disabled vet He hated war all wars every war
You can't win a war by tiptoeing in. Go in fast with all you've got and with an objective or don't go. GHW knew that
How did @BarackObama do in middle east? And Afghanistan? I think ISIS loved the old U.S. policy but won't like the new one. #maga @POTUS
It's defined. You just don't know it. Let our President do his job and support him and our Country. If not, just leave!
We don't announce to the enemy anymore. That was ignorant when Hussain did it. You want our men and women in harms way?
They'll get their mission you twit, from their commanding officers , not from armchair wannabe Gens. sitting in Wash. And cert not from u
Really? They'll know you fool! It's you that won't know. You'll try anything. I'll never forget your crowds. Just how many are listening?
How's your violent alt-left son doing? Posted bail already?
They know their mission. You think they are going to tell you or your criminal son? We'd like the enemy not to know
THANK YOU FOR HELPING TRUMP DEFEAT HILLARY! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK & WE'LL WIN EVERY ELECTION 4THE NEXT 20 YEARS!
No,we should create*more*#RadicalIslamic Terrorists like BO's Clear Surrender Plan did in Iraq #ISIS&Clearly trying it again in #Afghanistan
Did you speak with the troops before you tweeted this jackass response. Obama never had the loyalty from our troops as Trump does.
Push withdrawal from Afghanistan, then. That's right Dems, I said PUSH TOTAL WITHDRAWAL FROM A-STAN. *Crickets chirping*

Putz.
Senator Dipstick here ignored Obama warring for 8 years.
Are you actually questioning General Mattis?  smh
Why didn't you say something while BHO was president?
Question of the day!
You continue to prove Tim that you actually are a twit
Sorry but telling your enemies plan of action is stupid, set up for mass murder by the enemy of our military serving
Hey Tim, any word on your convicted Son "the ANTIFA RIOTER" he in Prison ? 
Vice President with a criminal kid would of been VERY Embarrassing.  Hillary Did EVERYONE a favor 
Oh, they will know their mission for sure. You just won't be involved in the process. You will know when we win. #MAGA
Why it was fine for the last 8 years
What is wrong with not making it public? Release the DNC server if everything should be public knowledge.
The mission is clearly defined. Kill terrorists.
. This is a biased editorial doofus Tim Kaine.
Do you guys/gals ever listen to Trump if you would just stop talking and conniving and listen you would understand his plans for Afgan

Plan is SUPPORT TRUMP. He will succeed where the gov't has INTENTIONALLY failed. War is money for politicians! Not their kids sacrificing!
@timcaine : Maybe that ne'er do well son of yours can enlist and show us the way.  Oh, .....sorry, criminals need not apply.
Trump will give them more power than your previous crush.
He'll let them conduct war.

They don't work for you,
and you don't need to know.

What was their mission last year?
Who says there is no plan? Just bc YOU don't know it? You are supposed to make laws. Let the Commander-in-Chief take care of his job! @POTUS
Wow, why didn't I vote for you? I suppose totally ignorant is the new democrat's platform for raise your kid to get arrested.
Get out of the Middle East.
Newsflash: the troops will be given ALL the details of their missions, but unlike Obama the enemy won't be told! You twit!
Publishing your battle plan is a stupid idea or directing a fire fight from the WH. LBJ did this & he rventually didn't run a 2nd term
America got it right when it voted to against u for VP.  Now just go away to the dust bin of history where u belong

Tim again.... every time you open your mouth Trump gets another vote. 
Sweet tweet Patricia! Spot on!
Coming from someone who helped obama dump trillions into islamist hands, funded islamic rebels, and Aided And Abetted The Enemies Of America
I think your Son needs you in court
Tell it to Obama whose responsible for this mess and the birth of ISIS which came to be  on his watch! Idiot!
I think it was clear...Kill terrorists...what part of that don't you understand
Clearly defining the mission does not mean he has to tell you with your big blabbermouth
You're a clown.
I guess idiots can be Senators Can't comprehend the English language & complete sentences.Maybe u should b checked 4 Brain Disability
Maybe they already know and are just not telling you. You're a Communist!!!!
Dude, were you in hibernation for 8 years?
At the expense of the mission? Bullshit! They find out during briefings. Your stirring the pot for selfish reasons. Jerk!
What did Obama do for 8 years? Nothing!
Your donors getting pissed huh.
Tim...I thought you were smart....I was wrong.
Your silliness and lack of knowledge of just about anything kept you from being VP, thank God.
Yes they r correct - yet another (of many) reasons why general Obama was a failure. Trump was clear (no nation building and KILL terrorists)
What was their mission for the last 8 years? Yet, you sat silent and allowed Obama to decimate our military. YOU have ZERO credibility sir!
Uhm, Trump sez its to kill terrorists. I can get some video if you like...
Hey Tim, you're on this list of pedophiles! Will you clearly define your mission? @timkaine
Killing terrorists is a mission.
Mission doesn't need to be defined to the general public and our enemies.  The soldiers will know and that's what matters.
As if Obama ever did any such thing ???? 
Implying the past administration hung them out to dry.
The troops know there mission. You are just mad the president doesn't go on live tv and announce it to the world.
Like obama did and lost 2600 souls .. phonies every last one of you ..sons friend served under O barely made it out because of general obama
You should be more concerned with that thug of a son you have,
Just because they don't tell you traitors the plan, doesn't mean they don't have one... just don't want u spilling it to our enemy.
Losing thoughts from a loser on how to lose.  Did you kill Able btw?
They know their mission and we know your mission which is to take down our country. Theirs will succeed yours will fail big time!#swamprat
There is a plan dipstick, He is rightfully so not telling the enemy....... YOU
You must've not listened to President Trump's speech. There was a clear agenda he gave; unlike Obama giving the date we'd leave.
Stop insinuating that the troops aren't going to know what the Strategic plan is. It's not like you would understand them anyway.
I know liberals are Dense but he gave his plan. Objective based to kill terrorists Said wasn't going to tell the specifics as not warn enemy
THEY will know the mission. TERRORISTS will not. Thank God you & Crooked lost!
What will success in #Afghanistan look like? Kill all the terrorists? Will never happen. So what is the end game? #NoEndlessWar #va11
Look. Just another corrupt democrat.
Thought he said kill the terrorist. Sounds like a mission.
Dry Up send your kid to the frontline maybe that will sort the coward out
No clear message... Thanks to Obama. Now they know they're supposed to win. 
@timkaine
Isn't the mission kind of obvious?? Should we spell it out for the enemy (the people you'd defend over Americans)?
Did you teach him how to throw urine at cops, hate America,hate the constitution?
If Obama hadnt put the handcuffs on our Military for 8 years, we could of been able to pull out today, #Trump cleaning up the mess!!!
Timmy I don't want you anywhere near the troops I fear for your safety! No credibility!look after your son
Send your worthless, drug addled, violent son & then we will talk, you hypocrite! And stop receiving Communion because you're a baby killer.
We have a plan now, and finally a real leader. Obamas pussy approach of stand down is no longer our rules of engagement. We will@kill them
I think I missed your statement on this when Obama was Prez...can you forward it or re-post? Thanks bro.
Hey Tim, remember there was a "plan" to end it.
Which is clearly none ya business !! Y Becuz ur a loose lip !
Loser what do you know about winning? All you know is losing and having an antifa for son.
Killing terrorists is the mission. Pay attention
Is that what obama did? I think not....
I think so I have been there how about you? Obama and his policies of engagement drastically hendered our ability to confront the enemy.
OBama told us the war would be over in 2014....
Maybe both Bush AND Obama should have defined it, you twit.  You're a senator for shit sake.  How did YOU define it?

Here's the point: We move out, the terrorist move in, enough said.
Sore losers!
You probably meant to say this 8 years ago?
This is your Democrats and your human rights
I was thinking about Afghanistan yesterday. Is that where afghans come from ? Their mission should be to find out. Grandmas have the answer.
Why would we send our men,and woman to war,but not try to win
you do realize you don't tell the enemy what you're going to do, right?  If not, read The Art of War
Amen
the only troops you support are the chthonic deities that serve the Democrats.!
LIVES !! Since when have you cared about life ? A supporter of planned Parenthood, murdering babies everyday !
Timmy, I heard bullets going by my head.  What the hell have you ever done except opened your lying mouth.
where you all been the last 8 years!!!!!
Tim wants enemy to have American plans of attack. Let's be like Obama & provide movements for counter attacks!
It has been the same since the Clinton administration - open-ended military action with no Congressional oversight
??? We entered Afghanistan after 9/11, which makes it Bush. The official yr count in Afg is 16 years
Not just AFG. We haven't gotten a coherent plan from any POTUS on any major military action since the original Iraq War.
Agree with that.
Finally!! Put it out there, Va Pilot!! Many of our country's soldiers are right there!! Tell America what they think!!! Thank you.
Cain is correct. It is the job of Congress to declare war. Not some crazy guy in a bathrobe tweeting at three in the morning.
Military is good at two things - killing ppl & blowing things up.
No military solution in Afghanstan.
Negotiate with Taliban & all others.
History Lesson. No outside power has ever won the long battles in Afghanistan. No one. We would be better off building a wall there.
But we know it is out of the question you work with the Pres and his staff Resist baby Resist
I don't mind if you work with the pres and Mattis on a plan but for God's sake don't do it over the media we can learn later on the news
Are you a veteran Tim? I really don't know but I have my doubts. I even doubt if you ever had an honest job It is easy to tell
Please STOP DEHUMANIZING OUR MILITARY! They are women and men, not "troops"!!!

comeon Senator Kaine!
#TrumpResign
Or just hear me out Senator...we stop our involvement  in Afghanistan.
Remember u lost?? Sick of liberals Pc ruining America
