The USA USED to have the best health care on the planet.
Democrats saw fit to ruin it for ALL of us.
Was it the best healthcare with lifetime caps, that denied people coverage, & essentially let people without money die? Doesn't sound great.
Don't believe everything you 'think' is true.
Are you saying those things didn't happen? I watched Obama discuss this openly on tv with Congress. Hearings happened. Ammendmts. Happened.
I lived it. Those things definitely happened. If you were lucky enough to have insurance in the first place.
I'm talking 'health care' not health 'insurance'.
Obamacare is not health care or insurance, it'a form of health welfare.
The ACA helped make insurance affordable for a lot of people, & protected us from ins. co's. We all know there are problems but it did help.
Do you just want things to go back to the way they were then? Where people were denied coverage and died?
You did it with Obamacare, do you hear what you're saying. It was never opened for discussion. That's why you lost the pres election.@POTUS
Do you have anymore alternative facts to share??
This statement is such a joke after what the Democrats did with Obamacare "we have to pass it to see what's in it"
They debated the bill in open hearings and adopted lots of GOP amendments. Process  > a year. How does that compare to what's happening now?
What's happening now? Democrats want nothing to do with it just want to destroy our country
If they were invited to the table in good faith they would.  Instead it's a secret committee.
You guys have it and we can not have it.
Well why don't you put the good citizens on the health bill y'all got we pay for it anyway what's the difference you better than us
How is he supposed to do that? Ask thr Republicans this question.
Please introduce a Sunshine Act!
Pass the bill to see what's in it.  Not much difference is there?
Communist! You damn Democrats ruined my healthcare. Which I enjoyed all my life until BHO show up with his redistribution of wealth scheme.
ACA adversely affected many.  Probably as many helped by it.  ACA always needed fixing.  All that doesn't justify hurting millions w/ AHCA.
why do u want free healthcare?  so your junkie son can keep going to rehab?  #Leech
"we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it"
You mean like you and the Democrats did with Obamacare?
Dems destroyed healthcare by forcing Obamacare on USA. Millions w/no healthcare b/c too expensive. No choice of doctor or hospital. Stop bs.
Dems like Kaine & Schumer already stated broke healthcare in USA. Can't be trusted to fix it. They already have been blocking legislation.
Why do y'all have separate Healthcare than what we the people have you think your shit don't stink make sure you take care of and we pay
From the party that said we had to pass it to read it --
Kinda of like voting for it to find out what is in it. Oh wait, that was Obamacare.
Please support @SenFeinstein Health Care Bill
Writing a bill in secret is not unprecedented! How many bills are actually wrote out in the public, none! Stop with your propaganda!
If you think the opioid epidemic is bad now, Trumpcare will take it to a whole new level. They do not care, it's all about them-GOP.
Since you Democrats ruined health care for all of US what are your solutions to fix it??
Or are you just gonna piss & moan?
11/8/2016 was the greatest day for America.
They literally have my and my wife's lives in their hands! #ShowUsTheBill
Yes, me too. We can't continue to be FORCED to pay $1,100 per month for insurance we can't use. It must be overhauled.
Exactly- we pay the same amount and I'm still denied the life saving picc line I need
ADD SOME INPUT, instead of whinning about it,  Health care is NOT A RIGHT, you all make me sick, whine, whine, whine,
And they say they are writing a bill to benefit the American people, but won't let us see it, read it, understand it? Hypocrites!
Didn't you all pass Obama Care without reading it?
Senator ,,,,,, u lost !! Reasons are obvious , Obama Care is BK.
No, your lies and innuendoes are irresponsible. Not that you progressives know what responsibility actually is.
Tell Obama short memory, eh
Remember. We have to pass it so we know what is in it? Lol
Remember when Nancy Pelosi said "We have to pass the bill to know what's in it" AMERICA DOES OF YOU DONT!!!!
You'll have to vote for it to see what's in it.  LOL...Hahahahahaha
#HoldTheFloor and start getting your amendments ready, buddy. #VoteARama
#Malfeasance
#ShowUsTheBill - Democrats stubbornness prolonged everything but I support #TrumpCare with the exception #Dems have a say in it
This is not a healthcare plan, it's a tax cut.
SHOULD B AGAINST THE LAW
Senator then it will be no problem that all of you in Senate/Congress will be required to purchase and insured under such right?
Pass the bill and then you'll see whats in it. @NancyPelosi
As secret as the original you hypocrite.
Wait. Did you already forget Obamacare??  It had to pass before anyone saw it and you morons passed it.
Secret like you & Hillary ran your campaign? Smashing PC's phones & secretly destroyed e-mails? What she did in the dark... came to light!
.Ironically that is exactly what the DemoRATS did and you know it
For a man who aspired to be VP, this is much too weak a response.
Then why did you let Obama get away with it???
And it should be against the law but doesn't seem there are any laws or restrictions when it comes to the Republican party anymore
Do something about it Tim
Agree
@timkaine you funny. Who wrote the ACA? Let's see..., "We've got to pass it to see what's in it."
Tim is it as irresponsible as "We have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it" & "If you like you MD you can keep your MD" hmmmm
@timkaine @MarkWarner - as a gyn MD moving back to VA, I'm appalled by what's happening. Pls keep fighting -MDs and pts are counting on u
How do we stop it? How can it possible according to senate rules?
Exactly. Cowardly disgusting 
#HoldTheFloor
Americans, human beings, deserve better!
Why don't Republicans care
It's disturbing that they don't seem to care, but they are willfully hurting their constituents, which seems daft and shortsighted.
Other than whining, what is the D plan to fix Obamacare?
Unprecedented? Are you kidding? "We have to pass it to find out what's in it" - Nancy Pelosi, 2010
not the most important expenditure?  how bout you folks start paying your own off your salary & no$ accept ur pay? Fat chance
Don't let them get away with it!  You are a powerful speaker, start talking and don't stop
The only thing you care about is politics and regaining power that you lost due to the disaster that is obamacare.  Shame on you
Stay on it Tim.
I don't understand why in the hell you can't work together and come up with something that's going to work for all Americans!
#NoDebateNoVote
Senator Kaine, try to find out. Then contact NBC Meet The Press and report back to the American citizens.
#HoldTheFloor
Tim, that's pretty much how Obamacare was pushed through. Complicated and didn't give lawmakers the chance to understand it.
I believe the Dems did exactly the same thing, so you gave us precedence..  Nancy P even said we had to pass it to find out what was in it,
What is the answer u have Where is your Bill don't say ACA put yourself on it I did & it suck Tell us what is your ideas  I know bulls--t
I thought the Democrat rule was to pass the bill first to find out what's in it? Am I mistaken? Doesn't apply to Republicans? #SethRich
Didn't the Dems do the same.
What do u care? No matter what it says, u would reject it anyway. Trump has tried to involve u and reach across the aisle but dems resist!
#AWAN AWAN AWAN #MAERSK #GULFTAINER #USPorts #CANAVERAL #MIAMI #CHARLESTON #DiplomaticContainers #UAE #WeThePeople WANT OUR PORTS BACK!
Do whatever it takes to stop them.
Stop what?  Have u read the bill.  It has to go to vote before it's a law.
Calling for violence in the streets?  Like you did 02/01/2017 on @MSNBC?
Oh, the irony!
You have to pass it to see what's in it
How's your ANTIFA son of yours doing??
I'd say PARENTING should be most important to you...
#EndDemocraticViolence
What goes around comes around...
You should be our VP right now.
Please keep fighting. Also: @brianschatz @maziehirono
#ShowUsTheBIll We deserve a Congress that respects us. I don't want some partisan policitian standing between us & the bill
Tim...pay back for @NancyPelosi words to America, " well have to pass it , to see what's in it"... remember that?? Payback a bitch isn't it?
We voted for you all to represent us. Why have dems allowed this to happen? Wheres the outrage?!
Hey cut him slack, he called for violence in the streets on @MSNBC on 02/01/2017. What more do you want, @timkaine to pull a trigger?
HEALTH CARE SHOILD NOT BE A LUXURY!
Virginians do not all suffer from short term memory loss. #Wehavetopassittofindoutwhatsinit
Dems #HoldtheFloor
No vote until there is a public hearing.Our @GOP reps work 4 their constituents. @marcorubio ignores Floridians,trades our healthcare 4 Cuba
Writing any healthcare bill is irresponsible. Congress has all leg. power, but ur limited to ex. delegated power.
Health care is the most important expenditure in our lives. Writing a bill in secret is unprecedented & irresponsible #ShowUsTheBIll
What is unprecedented is the hatred Dems have in their ugly hearts. This is a battle between good & evil. Haters are obviosly the evil ones.
Says the country boy bless your heart drink much sweet tea ? Ya got teeth ?
Better then being lied to. Remember,You can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan. Idiots.
U FORGOT READ the BILL #teaparty 2009?
and something only tyrants do
I wish you were our VPOTUS. What a different conversation we'd be having . . . 
More calling for violence in the streets like 02/01/2017 on @MSNBC?
save a buck, kill me now
im serious.. wheres the checkout lane? seriously healthcare and mental health is horrible.. im on ssdi. kill me now, save your money
Please speak loudly and long on the Senate floor. We're watching and we need you. Call it #Trumpcare so it sticks to him.
We shouldn't be expending it at all-- that's for the private market in a free market society.
