Trump doesn't care about any of those people.
He wants the able bodied to get good jobs,maybe YOU dont care that people are kept poor.
Haha. You're funny.
Think about it.Why would you want half the country on food stamps,if not to keep them under your thumb/voting for checks?
Most are vets and disabled elderly. But hey. I don't care do i?
No they are not! Get some research, and do your homework.
Because you think you are right.
No, I know I am right.....
NO.  It would have been HILLARY AND YOU that would have been devastating for AMERICA PERIOD!!!
I agree! I live in NH and his budget will make the drug crisis worse and probably will see an uprise in suicide.
Help me understand how a budget will increase the drug crisis & suicides? Aren't Americans responsible for taking care of themselves
Because when you take people's only way of surviving depression increases and with no way of getting treatment people tend to turn to drugs
I have seen people prosper take pride in their ability to work  & to provide for themselves work without gov't limitation
The programs being cut all helped people. What in the world will people do. I am praying for divine intervention in America.
Read more about the plan  & digest it good so you would understand that all Pres. Trump's plan is for the upliftment of the poor
Just think what this country would b like if u and Hilary had won. It would have already gone way under, and would b a laughingstock.
Funny coming from the guy who wants all those people dependent on government. Tim, worry about your own jacked up child 
All to make the rich richer
He's doing precisely what he said he wouldn't. How can anyone believe a word he says?
Please don't forget about the disabled.

That's for sure. I retired years ago on full disability. Without SSDI & Medicare I die. They are not "entitlements." I worked & contributed.
I guess you didn't watch the press conference. Those who are scamming the system lose will lose it. Abuse is widespread
Fortunately, I don't have a TV. Even when I did, I could never watch a whole presser. They tend to be BS & sound bites.
Read fully the plan so you will understand!!! Be a MAN & not act like a puppet of liberal media. Wise up!!!! People will dump you
It would be devastating to millions! Stop it in its tracks! Fight on, Tim!
There is so much fraud and abuse it should all be eliminated and people reapply.
every week  I fill backpacks for children that might go hungry over the weekend. If budget is approved, it will skyrocket our need
Trump's budget is going to bad for everyone but Trump's millionaire cronies. #Trumpdontcare #SucksToBePoorInTheUS

I think it would be devastating for a of us. Please fight hard for us Senator Kaine. God bless
The budget totally damages most Americans! And the "Wall" is waste of tax dollars.
I guess you forgot: Democrats were for the wall, before they were against the wall.
I think Democrats were for a partial South border "fence" when HRC was Senator. But Democrats were never for billions of dollars wall!
My President spreads the work rather than spreading the worth of the working
Timmy,... blah blah blah blah blah... Trump is going to drain the swamp, if I were you I'd stay away from the drain opening...
Is he insane! Frigging  jerk!
Your a fraud and liar- did you even look at it yet or are you simply going with dem false talking points-
It's only good for the trumps - his plan from the start.
DON'T LET IT HAPPEN!!
When are we going to get rid of that guy and his toxic admin?
We need term limits to protect us from people like you and schumer.
It's irresponsible and mean and pig-headed and elitist and just wrong wrong wrong. Keep up the good fight Senator.
JUST SO THE RICH GETS RICHER !
.Lets give it a break and go and do something for the people.  Afterall they pay you and you are currently coming up short
\
All yr tweets read the same. The sky is falling! Do you ever put any thought into them? Or, do they reflect the limit of yr intellect?
Good luck with Democrats & @HillaryClinton 
#SethRich
Fight this budget. Vote no.
Met woman on full disability bc she couldn't use a public restroom. My taxes pay for crap like that. No more!
Sir, I have written you a letter.
many of us resisting the Trump agenda do it for people we know and love who will be hurt by it, but have no idea, and continue to defend it.
Would be devastating in Arizona as well.
Almost like he was following a Russian agenda to hurt the U.S.
wrong
Full of crap
Fight it!!!
His followers don't care it is so sad!
And your not just saying that because your a politician pandering to voters by spreading fear? We have to elect you so you can save us all.
I hope the senate can work out a better budget
So bad for generally every human except rich old white guys in the WH.
Shifts $1T from middle class/poor to wealthy/corps. Increased Gas Tax, BAT and healthcare will hit consumers, slow economy. Not a cut. Shift
Freakin losers
I've layed brick and block for 25 years my body is breaking down everyday and it wont hurt me cause I take care of myself.
I like you,but PLEASE assure us you will NOT run for President in 2020. You're NOT the answer & voters won't forgive you took Bernie's spot.
Does it affect Appalachian Association? I seen it did a couple months ago.
You know a job
What would have been devastating is if you and Hillary were running this country
So your answer is to run up another 10 or $20 trillion in deficits? That truly would be devastating to Virginia's families and businesses.
Do any of ya'll work.
With all due respect, you spelled "America's" wrong, @timkaine
We know you will do your best. We need your help Tim.
Sad. Always told my kids that there are natural consequences for your choices. Low information voters choose to be low information voters.
THIS is conservatism. Pure 100% as red as blood conservatism.
Your presence does the same thing what's the difference.
All because people won't have anywhere to go for help. He's putting a greater devide in the country.The rich stay richer and the poor poorer
u sad, little man?
The decay of the democrat part is upon you.
LOOK at what you have to offer. Professors of Vile and Slander.
The future is very dim for them.
@RealDonaldTrump Trump's Budget Plan Would Be Devastating To: The Elderly, Babies & Children, Disabled, THE NEEDY! THIS IS BEYOND HEARTLESS
@RealDonaldTrump @Senate @Congress  @SpeakerRyan Compassion For The Needy In USA, Never Was An Issue Until: Donald Trump! Despicable!
I miss you!!
#Putin is allready at work, destroying #USA from within... 

Don't Y'all #Americans get that yet?

#TrumpRussia #Russiagate #KremlinGate
Why is Trump's entire extended family on his WORK TRIP with him? Why are we paying for the extra security, etc.when he cuts our budget?
What did people expect electing a wealthy biz man?  SMH.
Godfather's Pizza tastes like doodoo feces, Mr. Cain. It's devastating to American tastebuds.
So everyone? Right! More all or nothing propaganda from the left. #chickenlittle
Virginia & everywhere else, Tim. #TrumpSucks
You're so dramatic 
