Wow. Finally a republican says this
McCain is no republican
GOD BLESS U.S. SENATOR MR. JOHN MCCAIN
I believe we start by making congress use the same medical system they want Americans to use.
Wrong Tim, We need progressives to Jam #MedicareForAll down the Corporate Reps and Dems throats. No Bipartisan shit.
@Aprylsmithts @SenJohnMcCain
I may not agree with his politics most of the time-but totally agree with this. He is an American hero & wants to do the right thing.
Working together is what most Americans expect of congress instead of the frustrating gridlock we've had to endure so far.
We don't need to do better. Obamacare solved everything. Everyone has good, affordable insurance now.
Of course, now please work together to make @SenSanders vision of single payer a reality!
Thank you Senator Kaine. Please protect #ACA and improve it. Don't let SP derail what we already have!
John McCain is a hero. Me Kainedon't waver stick with John McCain there's a mad man in the White House
Amen!
Wrong. Vote yes to Graham Cassidy! Revoke and never replace the hell that is obama welfare!
Talk is cheap and congress is making it cheaper
Our systems are designed for collaboration. Do it.
I'm absolutely agree U.S SENATOR MR.  JOHN MCCAIN HIS COMEBACK TO WASHINGTON TO CAST HIS VOTE NO TO REPEAL AND REPLACE ACA AND HIS MAKING A
We have got to kill this bill!
right, just how democrats worked together and across the aisle
Neither was Obama care.
you mean actually govern on behalf of all Americans? How old fashioned and patriotic 
You guys haven't worked together for over 8 frickin years why should Americans think you will start now.
exactly just fix the bad things about the ACA is that so hard to do Congress??? If so then you should look for another job!!
You know where he gets his orders right?
thank you sir. our lives are in your hands

…i wish i was exaggerating in saying that but in light of the fact that i'm not…thank you. truly
It's not if you work together because you won't.  Congress refuses to listen to the constituents who elect them
The Democrats did not work with the Republicans on Obama care. That's why we have this disaster. Can you say hypocrite?
So please go do it.  Pens and word processors were made for a reason.  Also, all of congress should be included like everyone else.
MR. TIM KAINE
Beautiful stamens from U.S SENATE FLOOR i said before but i can keep repeating over and over again and again i agree with you U.S. SENATOR
So when are you going to introduce a bipartisan solution?  All talk - zero action.  Congress is Fraud. Waste. Abuse.
When will you start working?
Until they use same health care system it is all rhetoric on congresses part.  They don't understand what average Americans go through.
If there is anything we need, like yesterday, it is impeach Trump. Healthcare can wait. Get him out of office PLEASE!
I'm sure you could do better working together. Try it.
Too concerned with the appearance of "winning" rather than what's best fur everyone
@SenJohnMcCain mental state is in questioned!
Let's wait and see if he will stand by his promise...for if he changes his mind... everyone will be devastated...let's wait...
That’s how we ended up with the aca 
Senator @timkaine are YOU on Obamacare yourself?
True!
#INTEGRITY
Please. They could care less about Healthcare. It's about $$$. Always the $$$. Kochs to donate 400 million to GOP if Healthcare and tax pass
Universal healthcare is the right thing to do & works for rest of the world. we need to catch up. @SenFranken @RepErikPaulsen @amyklobuchar
Need to work together? If i had a nickel....
Sides seem too divided. Actions speak louder than words. No one strong enough to make happen
So, your vote is NO?
if you win, you both deserve a medal for saving lives, while Trump should be charged with treason for trying to kill Americans.
Good is the hostage of perfect
Vote no on healthcare it's what your constituents want don't vote yes just to please@@realDonaldTrump
Yes, compromise, both sides. The only way.
Creative people apply for positions..system fatally flawed...new individual approach.
Please make the move to a #SinglePayer healthcare system. We're held hostage by a political party sabotaging #ACA, and that must stop.
Looks like your tweet worked? "Was is twitter, Or Is It John McCain?" Why bother? — Maybe he was born... #RinoMcCain
You are a Senator! Pretty flip for you to use your platform to encourage people in OTHER States to call their Senator? Let alone VA itself.. https://twitter.com/timkaine/status/911017042358210562 …
At this point,DEM leadership is your creepy old uncle making everything into a hashtag... as in #TrumpCare #GrahamCassidy #PleaseResignKaine

Thank Senator McCain and Senator Kaine...keep fighting for the average citizen
Thank you Senator McCain!
Before BO, Congress did not give Affordable HC a serious thought. GOP was honest, they wld improve ACA in nod to him & bi-partisanship.
Thank you both
YOU ALSO  BELIEVED THAT IT WAS OK FOR HILLARY TO BREAK THE LAW AND HAVE A SECRET SERVER FOR SENDING AND RECEIVING TOP SECRET INFORMATION
Agree with you Senator
When Obamacare was passed without bipartisanship where was working with the GOP then?
Sen, NOT going 2 dupe me & millions others desiring efficient & affordable care! Cant keep spending what we lost in #ACA! #payoffs #ripoffs
Sen, #ACA didnt drop HCcosts, #ACA didnt improve #accessforchildren kids spent more time in ER's costing more $$ U call it win!#ACAfailed
@realDonaldTrump @chuckschumer @SenateMajLdr @RealBenCarson 
#ACArepeal is a #lobbyfest Senators inc wealth #w/inspayoffs and steal our $$
Can you say Cornhusker Kickback??
Irrelevant swamp rat
#SinglePayerHealthcareIsMyDream2
Why should Traitor McCain care about Ocare and Americans? He brags that he gets the best care at Mayo Clinic. Think he uses the ACA? Ha!
Thanks Mr. McCain. It's the right thing to do whatever political party it is. work together to do the right thing not hurt the least of us.
Let's just keep the failing Obamacare, right Genius!?

Yes we can. First step is getting all information before a vote is even discussed.
BTW Timmy, thanks for losing to a tv clown.
Simple to fix
Save US @timkaine!!!!
Then why don't you and McCain get together and come up with something??? Let's get working together!!!!
McCain is crazy.
The GOP has had 8 years.  Americans fault all of you in leadership for not fixing this
For God sake,,! We ARE AMERICANS.We should be able to.
Look where our country started from
Improve for a few million at the expense of the rest of us. It is a shame John McCain is destroying his legacy at the end of his career.
We fix uninsured
And tell us what your "work together" plan is?  Crickets
You are right. Thank you
I say what are you Dems doing to help the middle-class from paying higher premiums. Nothing, that is what you are doing @timkaine
It must be possible to be fiscally conservative and still back a public option for healthcare?!
He says that Senator Kaine but my guess is he will vote for it to make his buddy Graham happy.
I love having senators that I don't have to worry if they will do the right thing.
I wish we could vote you out in Va, but we know the Northern Virginia area keeps you in charge. You have no idea what the middle-class pays
Compromise and let’s do something that works for all Americans. That’s what we used to be about.
So you're for repealing ACA and working on a healthcare bill that works?
Please work with the @SenateGOP to improve ACA.
Why weren't you saying that when you shoved obummercare on us
Why are you letting the torture of #chronicpainpatients happen Many have taken their lives yet we are ignored and left to suffer needlessly
So there are Rep. in the Senate that can see beyond there nose or -we have to do this to please Trump and his base.
#StrongerTogether
TY @SenJohnMcCain for thinking of ALL Americans.
#SaveACA & improve it.
Tim I know your not my sen. But please don't pass this bill I have pre-existing conditions and I am on oxygen and I will die without it
Sounds a lot like your running mate!
Can you say,"Medicare Buy In"?
. Sen McCain is influenced by "chemo brain" and hurting the country. He should step down during his cancer tx. Stop using him Tim Kaine.
Totally agree...even DJT got high marks for cooperating with DEMS regarding DACA. Citizens are tired of the gridlock. Need compromise.
DJT "cooperating" with DEMS is just smoke and mirrors.  45 will screw anyone or everyone depending on who's being "nice" or "fair" to him.
If it helps pubs stop obstructing I am ok w that
Then come forward with something viable. Untill then, keep your mouth shut.
tim.. dont be a pollyanna.. there is an election coming up.. to them "liberulz want socialized medicine" and they are diametrically opposed
just fucking get about saving obamacare.. till we can get a dem congress... then we can fix it.. but stop with the pollyanna shit.. jesus
Well said!!!
Agree!!!!
God bless John McCain
