So you're saying Amtrak cannot survive on its own and you expect those in the rest of the country to foot the difference for Virginians?
Ok deal if you agree we can stop building and maintaining roads in your state.  Why should I have to pay for your roads?
Same mistake as Amy. You cannot compare public vs private.
There are privately built and financed roads all over the country.  I take one to work, pay tolls.  Why should I have to pay for your roads?
Actually, most toll roads are state built. That's govt. they just charge tolls to help pay/upkeep them
That used to be true.  Increasingly privately built.
And they're not subsidized are they? 
No they usually are.  Sweetheart deals for buddies of GOP governments.
quit trying to buy political capital. You are against Trump no matter what. Suck it up and unite with Trump
You support the end of passenger rail in the NE corridor?
I support privitizing the rail, no more subsidies for rail period. No more subsidies for sports stadiums either.
Then no highway  money for your state then?
thats fine because they hold us hostage with federal money as well. EPA it's all a game for states to get funding.
EPA?  You're changing the subject.
no EPA compliance holds states hostage to what highway funding they receive. That's still on subject
Wouldn't lose service. Those that use it would just have to pay more. I don't use it so why should my money supplement?
Do you use roads? Went to school? Have clean(ish) air? Public good is not a cafeteria plan
You cannot equate public with private.
National Railroad Passenger Corporation, operates as  Amtrak
That's right. Sounds like a Private corporation to me. Not my problem. Shell out the difference yourself or move closer to D.C..
its a public corporation, statutorily entitled to public funding. SMH
Not anymore. Smh that you expect others to pay so you don't have to. Very sad
"Promote the general welfare"
Pay your own way, freeloader.
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU...HELL NO!!!!!!!
Amtrak has not been self sufficient since its inception.
Only people that take amtrak are millionaires and billionaires.
And me non-millionaire college student and the military
Amtrak has been a money pit..... If it can't make it, it can't make it.
Ridiculous. Djt acts as if he's playing with toy trains.  If only someone could wave a fairy wand & make him disappear. Magic trick pls?
Instead of crying why not try working with the President? What happened to your thug of a son?
Staunton station will no longer have service to and from anywhere. Great for a college town don't you think? Lynchburg is private funds.
The entire budget is devastating to all except major military contractors and Trump's rich friends.
why can't Amtrak support itself?
Why should the nations taxpayers fund your ride to work?
If it doesn't support itself them there must not be enough demand.  Time to stand on its own.
No more federal hey money for San Diego then either.  Pay for it yourself.
Agree   It needs to stand on its own. No subsidies.
When was the last comprehensive cost benefit assessment done on @Amtrak? When was privitization truly assessed?
We shouldn't be funding #amtrak anyway. Why am I paying so some northern Va. govt employee gets cheap train fare? #TrumpBudget
Then tell them to walk.
What!  Work to prevent this!
That's not true.  They would have to pay more or the State could increase funding
running rail passenger service is not constitutional not govt responsibility. If you want it YOU pay for it.
#amtrak
I can see the benefit for the trump regime to isolate communities. Makes us easier to control. Maybe move a little faster to oust this admin
Maybe you could speak to the billion $$$ we borrow each day just 2 keep this Ponzi scheme of the US going. $20 trillion debt. Unsustainable
A tweet every 2 hours, I'd think spending more time with your son may be in order.  #criminalKaine
Trains will NOT keep a-rollin'
Save Amtrak
That's not okay!
Trump is acting like there are no people other than filthy rich living in this country
What a shame.
He truly is trying to ruin everything
I knew many people who took the VRE to get to work, without receiving help from the govt, they wouldn't be able to afford to go to work.
Why should me, a citizen from CA pay for someone in VA?
The Trump billionaires get huge tax cuts and can buy fancy, expensive cars for their transportation. No German made Mercedes Benz of course.
Who's coming up with this BS?
Please don't allow this to happen, Senator - we need increased funding and service for Amtrak!
I agree!
He doesn't care as long as he & his friends get all the money taken from the poor old children & disabled just didn't think it was so easy
Amtrak is the worst. Not sure funding could save it.
Omg! So many travelers take Amtrak between NY & FL because they can't afford airfares!  @POTUS continues to divide people, crush our country
I travel between va-baltimore for Drs visits at Johns Hopkins I feel so sick sometimes it's a relief to take Amtrak instead of drive.
Why should Tax Payers have to keep paying for Freebies? They even get FREE phones & internet? We pay high $. Don't make sense.
I'm sure a russian or chinese oligarch or wall st venture capitalist  is ready to snap it up.
If only trains could be privatized like in Europe and engage competition as travel alternatives to air
I'm in Chicago, the Amtrak hub.  It would be devastating to us as well.  Keep on them Senator.
And I think the Govt should sell the post office to Amazon.
I'm find with that. Let free enterprise take over.
And place the factory where its most in need, and the internal steelind, get a lot to do, ex. Detroit!
Get o getter with  Great Lake area on the new fasttrainsys, to expand the 
quality living for people from East to central Am to begin with!
And US should invest in one track railroads with magnetic high speed trains for passangers!
Railways are the future, with new electrical fast trains, gives shorter travel time city to city and clean air,Aviation pollute!
They have been running on government hand outs for decades, shouldn't they have become self sufficient by now?
That will affect NJ transit too which has had huge problems related to disrepair of Amtrak tracks and signals.
Omg.
Good served them right. Trump is a liar in chief.
Sad
Not good! Hopefully Amtrak can find a way to survive on their own without cutting service!
Break out the horses and buggys. Back to the 1890s.
And what% of that 51% don't and never will use it anyway?
Where's Biden? He's a champion of Amtrak! We need his voice loud and clear.
Trump needs the Amtrak $$ to pay for all those family trips to Mar-a-Lago #TrumpBudget #resist
bet the postal service is next
It would effectively end Amtrak completely in Florida too. Too long of a state to not have passenger rail.
Please speak out on how this will devastate veterans
Veterans who use commuter trains (active duty servicemen too) may need to find a new way to work. 95/66 routes to D.C. Pentagon, DOD, VA
R u talking  about Obama
since they don't have jobs trump promises, guess he thinks they don't need to go anywhere @realDonaldTrump
Did you need chardonnay too?
Say what?  Where is the Times Dispatch on all of this? Pulled up their website & saw article abt the VMFA cleaning out their attic really?
So I need to support Amtrak?  Feds too big.  Pay soldiers more... You pay more for train.
Why is the Federal Government funding Amtrak in the first place?
Remember when Bill Clinton threatened to liquidate Amtrak if they weren't self sufficient by 2003? Good times...
I don't know how you became a senator but you have to be one of the silliest men I've ever heard we need real men and office
Can they not just fly in their personal aircraft? I'm sorry, they don't have one? Then why aren't they at work, feeding the rich's tax cut?
Why are we funding them in the first place?
Why didn't you speak up then?  They are the largest state sponsor of terrorism. I guess he did not allow you to speak during his 8 yrs.
From all of your tweets, we could have really used the 200 billion dollars in cash that Obama gave to the Iranians to fix our problems.
Tim how is the child trafficking business with Hillary&Kristine Marcy, Must be scary,knowing & doing nothing. #Maga yes the right person won
You are supposed to be our Vice President, why & how did this mess happen #RESISTANCE 
Because Hillary Clinton is the devil and stayed married to a rapist.
there are other #PeoplesBudget options
Maybe privatize our?
Why is 45 determined to destroy everything?

That'sawful!!!
Fuckin trump....

Is that a lesson in bad grammar? Magas being magas
Boo hoo. We have to cut the budget or our country is doomed. Let the great State of Virginia pick up the difference.
No surprise there
We are going to replace that old turd with newer technology, relax clown
