You mean a bill that would stop compulsory subsidization? Leave healthcare in the hands of those most effected by their decisions? Vote YES.
And the only reason why it passed because congress was exempt from it! If it's so great why don't they use it!
If the gov likes the ACA as is so much, take their exemption away so they can experience it for themselves. Maybe they'll change their tune.
They need to work together because maybe then they would use it too
That's what Senator McCain was getting at today - they need to put their partisan issues aside and come up with something that actually
I hope they can fix it rather than be petty and not pass it at all. Like actually sit down and think and put their hearts into it
I hope so, too. My health and quite possibly the roof over my head are at stake, and I'm far from the only one. I've been disabled for 20
I have hypothyroid and I have scoliosis I am soon scheduled to have a second surgery for scoliosis. I'd like it to be affordable
Oh sit down you lost and lost big the ACA is horrible law and doesn't work #SaveACA my foot
Love Tim Kaine. He's a winner in my book. You may not know this just now, but you lost.
Really do make a reasoned argument w/o using a Russian scapegoat
"Take health care away"

As if the ACA is "health care"
It is when you were denied coverage until the ACA.
Curious if you enjoy lying for a living?
You don't "take health care away" from millions if they CHOOSE not to buy it. #PolHack
You clearly do not understand how health care works.
Why don't you explain it to me hot shot.
Less then 6000 retweets after two days Timmy and that's out of 330m Americans good job people really listen to you lots no wonder you lost
It already has dear. It is failing. U must b MSM lover.
If by MSM you mean publications that tell the truth and employ reporters that actually dig, learn and report, then yes! Proud of it
No, that is not MSM. Only stories are non believable &no real sources, true stories r not reported.
question 2 u, r we really SCREWED here? Is #cult45 going to b able 2 make our GREAT NATION, just another russia or  republic? Scared 4 US!
He will. Has to disable EXorders &clean up mess dems left to destroy our democracy.
Text "resist" to 50409 & follow instructions for auto fax to your Senators.. free service & gives you a voice.. save our healthcare.
Seems like you took a stroll through my Twitter feed. You probably won't like what you see, but good luck and God speed!
Ask@SenJohnMcCain please vote no.  Imagine needing medical intervention, such as he does, and not having healthcare.
He has great Healthcare that u pay for. We suffer...not him.Ur argument is baseless. FAILING.
I Think Some Just 
Don't. Care Or
The Old Its Not
My Problem
Should have interrupted on this one. Certainly this one. For 16 million. You couldnt have interrupted ? Explain pls
Please RETWEET
Not a lot or retweets. Bad laws don't get better with age
Propose amendments that put the subsidies back in ACA that Repubs took out to sabotage it PLEASE!! Thank you!
Vote NO
Tim Kaine are you covered by Obamacare I don't think  so
#WAKEUP #STANDUP #SPEAKUP #LOUDVOICESNEEDED #HEALTHCARE4ALL #FIXWHATWEHAVE #SAVEACA
@SarahLSmith677 @TeaPainUSA @TrueFactsStated @Beachbumjules @tribelaw @amandablount2
it needs to be fixed. Not replaced.
Do you have the same insurance? How about you resign.
Same as all members of Congress. So all members of Congress need to resign? Including the Republicans?
#FixACA #SaveACA or we all loose healthcare except those who can afford Ins.It is going back like before ACA
Work toward compromise...sick of obstructionism!
O my can't u STOP FOOL
How come you Dems don't spell out why and how Repubs have killed funding from the start of ACA? Seems it would help Mr Kaine
I retweeted but I just want to let you know you're still a doucheshnozle #doucheshnozle
Current bills keep Obamacare subsidies, Medicaid expansion, mandates, 5x prem for 50 & over. Get govt out of hc. #RealRepealNotFakeRepeal
Voters decided they want to Make America Great Again. It's time for the Dems to stop obstructing & republicans should implement Trump agenda
#100amendments
I vote no too Millions of Lives are at stake can't let them down
Don't force people on welfare, or Medicaid that's not free market Ins. We want choice not a mandate and one choice with double price. #45
Hell yes!
Don't vote to have a debate, that's the way to defend your position on #Obamacarerepeal "No Democrats voted in favor of the motion."
Tere
LOL CLOWN
Obamacare sucks based on LIES
Repubs are so out of touch with their constituents it's horrific!  They are career money hungry politicians!  Repubs have lost their way
single payer
Mr Kaine obamacare is set to cost over 1 trillion dollars next year.  Premiums are going to go up and insurance companies are bailing out
RT if want all the Congress who support ACA to resign or get voted out in 2018..
U spelled insurance wrong
Trump played this like a pro;used McCain as he goes for at least a repeal with promise to replace because it's too important (sequestration)
Get rid of the ACA. No one can afford it anyway. We'd be better off if govt got out of healthcare altogether. #repealaca
"Kill the Bill."
If you don't want to lose your Healthcare.
FIRE!!! your Congressman or Senator responsible, if you lose your healthcare.
Obozocare is gone.  Obozo's failed presidency with no legacy.  Obozo will be remembered for dividing America.  #MAGA
I want our lawmakers to be on ACA or anything other than healthcare paid by taxpayers. If it is good for the people, it is good for you.
Your fooling yourself the #ACA needs to be defeated to #MAGA
All u do is obstruct
Vote YES save the middle class & the economy! premiums up 200%, 6K deductible, high co-pays=no $ to put into economy or go to Dr.
You only want to help welfare.
You lie and it's not very becoming. Sore loser are you??
Now Tim... Lying is not nice. Didn't you learn that in kinder?
UK is single payer, just lost 2400 hemophiliacs 2 aids tainted blood?  How can this happen to so many?  Gov can cull pop at will, w/accident
Clean repeal only!  No subsidies for insurance co's and no single payer.  SP means Gov pays 4 all, too easy to cull pop wbad vaccine?
I have written and called so many senators. No one listens.  So very disappointed, hurt and angry. #sodisappointed
Yes repeal the damn aca, it sucks !!
Be plenty of money to cover all #HealthCare needs and lower premiums. And I'm just a housewife who is using common sense about this.
Take this to Congress and the Senate, you want to make healthcare affordable? Cap the CEO's salary of insurance companies. Then there will +
Nope I want to see the complete repeal of Obamacare 
Also, if you care about other people.
We voted out the Dem majority as soon as they passed the ACA.  We The People want it repealed.  When will Libs get it?
Obummer care made my insurance more costly, but wait, I work so I have to provide for all the freeloaders.  Why don't you have bummer care??
Partly got more expensive due to Repubs gutting bunch before it was put into law,now guttin funding.I work too !!
Called amendments,they knew what was going to happen down the road, What you think everybody is a freeloader that gets medicaid?
It takes all kinds to make world work,even folks who work for $9 an hour that you benefit from in many ways, do they not deserve healthcare?
Well, that didn't work, did it?
#VoteThemOut
Obama care is a mess and you frigging no it . Stop the bs
Oh Senator, how sad this vote was to see.
WTF are you doing to stop them?I'm sick of the platitudes,the soft words.Of course we want to keep our HC #ACA but your silence is deafening

Why would anyone stay on a sinking ship? The food on the ship doesn't do you any good if the ship is under water...
Vote yes
Every promise you made about Obamacare turned out to be a lie. Every. Single. One.
Saving the #ACA says we as Americans join together and move forward together - united... #SaveACA
Join together on the sinking ship called ACA..
#SAVEACA?  HOW??? It is an #EpicFailure. If you're such a fan, introduce a bill to require all gov't employees, including #Congress to use!
My question all along is "HOW." Amazing so many people believe in Santa Claus. 50+ yrs I chose insurance, mac & cheese,would've loved a BMW.
No Democrats voted in favor of the motion to have a Debate!!!!! The No Talk No Action party.  Now they have to say something stupid!!
Obamacare is a Dem step to Socialism. Ocare is Gov control of Med. Bring down Socialism! Keep Gov out of Ins business! Repeal!
I don't think you understand the difference between "take away" and "not force to purchase". #saveACA #Repeal

This is vote to debate, somebody please explain to Kaine. Not responsible to not debate.
Your mis-truths & outright lies are only fooling your own sheeple. #RepealObamacareNow #RestoreFreedomOfChoiceToAmericans
Tim You know most doctors don't accept #Obamacare!
You are wrong. Educate yourself!
Like you can keep your Doctor n if you don't have insurance you pay up the ass the penalty? You are beyond Stupid!#LiberalLogic
There IS no saving it.  It's imploding.  You sold us a failing bill of goods.  BTW... How's YOUR health care plan? Being a bit self-serving?
@GOP PLEASE SAY NO
Vote no
lol
Retweeting not super helpful. CALL YOUR SENATOR!
Hell no loser. Don't #SaveACA
That's simply a lie. My fam was dirt poor and we had health care. Go jump. You think you're VP material?
save healthcare that nobody can afford to use.
#repealandreplace   and Replace senators who voted for it in 2018 and 2020!
I don't it stinks and is totally unfair. but you don't care, thats the democrat way

#bye bye
Working together to amend the #ACA would bring healthcare to more and bring down taxes. Healthy Americans equal lower cost to all Americans.
Do you not understand young healthy Americans weren't buying insurance? There was opportunity to buy it, they chose other "stuff" to buy.
Resist=obstruct. Dems are like children chanting, screaming in the Halls of Congress. #debate
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
Americans spoke when theybdidnt elect you and the lizard queen
Real Americans are being hurt by Obamacare but that don't fit your narrative of throw granny off the cliff.
S/B at age 90
It won't take away health care from millions...
NPR reporting the passing of Barbara Sinatra at she 90. Deepest condolences to family & friends, Palm Springs, Rancho Mirage.
Please speak up loud louder loudest.  You owe it to us.
They never talk about how many have lost their insurance. I lost mine cause couldn't afford it and now they want me to pay a fine. Repeal!
There are people who have insurance right now that can't even use it because the co pays are too high.
YOU CAN'T SAVE ACA! All your doing is hurting American people
Didn't retweet 
Retweet if your on Medicare,Medical,Social Security or ACA, they are coming to take them all
Fear monger, though I expect that from the party of cry babies, losers, and leeches.
Do we deserve less than @SenateGOP who will gain access to 200+ health plan FEHBP, 72% taxpayer paid premiums if they repeal/replace ACA?
As opposed to the DNC getting it..
@aintshook we've done this six times.  Go fucking do something about it.
I meant that to be directed at Tim Caine - he's in a position to do something.
Ruthless.  Maniacal. Unamerican.
Why are you voting against fixing healthcare?
#because our president wants it
As a Type I Diabetic & son wrongfully convicted by the UCMJ, I am beyond high anxiety. I am beyond anger. I am frightened like never before.
#get a job with good healthcare less time to have anxiety
All Democrats need to hush.  They caused this situation
Your children get to pick your nursing home. Why don't you sit down.
I would love on the topic of Hillary's steroid problem and how it flips a switch in development of our children @FBIMostWanted @FBI
Too late. You're my Senator, so how are you fighting this autocratic takeover???
#Repeal
Justice will come when you meet your maker and it will be swift and without MERCY!!!
Nope vote Yes. Is your Son still in prison?
Thank You Sir for all you do for us #DemPower
Nothing is not good.
i will RT even though i know the GOP has won this round...this battle...not the war
Your pizza tastes like #doodoofeces, Mr. Cain.
It's actually spelled Kaine, and the fact that you don't know this tells me you're not from Virginia.
I'm not from Virginia but I have eaten Godfather's Pizza and it made me sick!
too late
Too late. Elections have consequences.
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor 
Democrats don't have a say this time, they shit on America with Obamacare
Try being a Type I Diabetic and no one will insure you. Bet you won't. Don't wish it on you. The majority feel ACA is a beginning. Fix it.
Why didn't dems try to fix it?
Good question. My fate is in their hands. Social Security went from 20% entitled to 100%. Medicare has been tweaked repeatedly. Reform ACA.
