How ridiculous  

So you think flipping burgers should get you more money than working as an EMT helping save people's lives? What drugs are you on? 
I heard the same argument.  Look up the median wage for EMTs. NY av. 52k with top 65k + benefits. Pls don't begrudge someone a living wage.
You accidentally cited one of the most expensive states to live in   it's like I'm talking to a wall
Don't expect to live a comfortable life in the most expensive areas MAKING MINIMUM WAGE! a little financial common sense goes a long way
So LISTEN UP POOR PEOPLE! Get your impoverished butt outta town and move to a poverty ravished state so lil trump can feel superior at McD.
Hmmm lets se your bank account, bernie has high dollar properties. Got no job or business must be getting rich off back of TAX PAYERS 
BEFORE u attacked someone you better look to see if you follow them because they are a Trump supporter or who also likes Bernie - Now F off
Then why you supporting min wage increase you should know thats bad for jobs and economy
Voting for Trump doesn't mean I agree with all GOP policies. I'm politically fluid when it comes to party lines. I'm progressive.
I can respect that
Thank you
Improving skill sets and seeking out more productive employment can give every one of these workers a raise, too.
Yes if they have the ability to learn these skills. working in the social work field 30 yrs tells me many many cannot.
as an employer I'm paying for value in return. If someone can only provide $10/hr in value I can't pay $15
Not to mention being thought of as lazy and a drain on society. I work with many who want to work but have lower IQ but not eligible for SSI
Which is also facing cuts. It's a horrible situation with no solution 
How about raising by 2019? Give people a fighting chance now.
Not with a Republican held government
Make Americans Prosperous Again, can we all agree to that and make it happen.
And cost them their jobs
and close thousands of small businesses.  take an economics class before you try to sound like you know what the hell you're talking about.
Raising the minimum wage will cause companies to raise their prices, then speed up automating their businesses
beloved senator,
IT'S LARGELY INSUFFICIENT IF NOT IRRELEVANT.
The figure needs to be AT LEAST $18, or nothing.
Not that it'd hurt me anyway.
How about getting another job. No one says you can only have 1 job I have worked 2 to 3 jobs at one time put those days off to use
does letting in millions of illegal aliens apply upward or downward pressure on wages?
Big Dem career move:  flip hamburgers for $15 an hr the rest of your life.
Tim, you forgot that we're BROKE!
I made 10.85 an hour and still dont make enough to cover rent and live on my own. Its over minimum wage and not enough in ny
Get a 2nd job.  That's what many did and do.
Of I've done it before but when you have 2 school aged kids got to be able to be home to help them also. I worked overnight slept an hour
minimum will always be MINIMUM. Nothing will change except for people on social security. Great idea Tim.
Unless that raise forces an employer to automate in order to stay in business, making that job go away
I agree how much can we count on you giving up help the cause...belly up with a figure

Its means base salary for everyone is $15 and you work from there. If you have more experience you get paid more obviously.
And maybe raise the economy of the whole nation wow what a concept!
More buying power for consumers. What a novel concept.
Higher wages = higher cost = less buying power
In 2024 many of those low-wage workers will b dead from lack of healthcare.
That's really great, but if we're all dead anyway, it won't matter.  Trump has doomed the planet--what is the point of doing anything?
Not in 2024... NOW
Why not $50 by 2019 or $75 by 2021?  How much does your compassion cost?
Enjoy the robots that will replace fast food workers.
Honestly, I really feel that robots will be more expensive, fallible, hackable, & prone to huge IT problems that you won't have with people.
Good idea. I frankly enjoy ordering from a kiosk at fast food restaurants.
To an extent it's inevitable, but customer service is a marketable benefit. Job Guarantee or Universal Basic Income will be a necessity.
Watch prices rise.
We have schoolteachers in Virginia who, if you include hours worked outside the classroom, are barely making 15$ an hour.
Hey Sen Kaine not near enuf buddy !
> inequities > poverty < voices < human rights
past 2018-20-22 elections= So lukewarm like DP>Prog's
That's six and a half years from now. The increase needs to happen now. In 6 1/2 years it should have already increased from $15/hr #C'mon
We have a Republican held admin who wants to slash social services etc so you think they will pass any law that gives poor people more?! 
$15/hr is not "giving more to poor people" it is providing opportunity to people. POLITICAL PREGIDOUS is ruining the USA #StopSeparation
Hell, why not $50/hr?
There is big difference between $30k/yr and $100k/yr so please be real or stay out of the conversation. Ridiculous comments help no one.
Ridiculous comments aimed at rediculous political philosophy. Tell me Gary, what affect will your minimum wage have on employment&inflation?
Seems to be working well in Denver and Seatle. Probably should take a look and see what they are doing right.
It's more like more than 41 million low-wage workers will lose their jobs!
That's unlikely. Firing them on principle would cost employers productivity. Less production = less potential revenue.
Sorry, but most small businesses can't afford to pay employees $15.00/hr. Fast food is already automating. Prices will soar!
By 2024? Really, . By 2024 15.00/hr will be worth no more than todays minimum wage.
Do it now...not in 2024.
And a HUGE COST INCREASE TO THE CONSUMER MINIMUM WAGE JOBS ARE TO GET YOU STARTED TO MOVE UP ON YOUR OWN NOT BE HANDED RAISE BY GOV JERKS
2024?-only 7 years away.$15 min wage idea based on fallacy of division. Rich comp. can afford it but restaurants can't-which are low revenue
People can't wait until 2024. It should be at at least $19 now. So I respectfully disagree. You can't rent an apartment for $15 & still eat.
It would create 41 unemployed workers
Did you bail your son out if jail yet?
Raising the minimum wage is a moral imperative...
By 2024 minimum wage should be higher than $15, unless cost of living remains the same
If you understand basic economics, it would not and would cause other problems.
That is too long. This needs to happen NOW.
Why 2024 for the poorer more vulnerable people in society. The rich are getting there pay rise NOW 2017. That's a gap of 7yearsgreedy RT
That makes businesses hire fewer people. Do you guys not know simple economics?
Small businesses would only reduce their staff and gives nobody more money.
it'll also put all the small businesses out of business and help the bigger corps in the long term, exactly what you're fighting against no?
2024 is too far away. By then the minimum wage should be at $17.
and give them more money to spend on gasoline yay
McDonald's is now advertising for those who want a good entry level job....not a career...
Economics 101....
This is why u dopes lost. And Bernie is a proud loser.
Mandating a wage amount, creates an artificial market condition which then supports an cost increase of food, housing and necessary services
It would give most workers the boot. They would be replaced by automation. Employers can't afford. Do the dems want to do away w/ all biz?
No wonder you and your sidekick lost, you're completely clueless in so many areas
Socialists don't want you to know that their agenda is to control all the choices in your life. Do you really want this asshat doing that?
Jobs. Through experience and education you climb the ladder and make more. Trying to jump the shark will get you nowhere but screwed.
And it will lower the ability to work your way up to middle-class. What these fools don't tell you is that minimum wage jobs are starter
Non biz owners don't realize if unskilled min wage is $15, employers then must raise skilled workers relative to min wage. #inflation

Justice for Seth Rich .This is the petition link if you haven't signed yet please retweet https://twitter.com/shawnslawns4u/status/868619692067479552 …
@SenSanders Why can't increase in minimum wage be tied to each time congress gets a raise, minimum wage goes up.
and my thermostat set at 75 so i can wear shorts all winter long, and maybe now i can afford cigarettes again  go team
oh good i can afford more made in china cheap plastic crap from walmart, maybe i could even afford to leave my car running all day long,
Lets do that.  I prefer ordering from a robot than an idiot at min-wage.  Robot gets my order right.
Liar.
How do you expect organizations to compensate for this increase in spending? A cut in jobs? Explain how this will be paid for.
It would also cut the opportunity for people to get low skill jobs and build their skills to get a better job
Yes it would, but shouldn't take almost a decade to do it. Inflation already outpaces it. Don't aim for mediocre - come on, fight right.
WHY WAIT SEVEN FUCKING YEARS?
Will skilled trade workers get a raise to compensate? It took me yrs to learn my skill I could learn burger flipping in a day smh
Actually it would kill the economy, nice try you Jesuit Hack! Go back to Central America & do some good this time
No, many if not most of the low-wage workers would lose their jobs and in that case the minimum wage is actually $0 / hr.
@SenSanders BY 2024?? What are they supposed to do until then? ESPECIALLY w/ the shady ass @gop trying to cut benefits? Smh
Ew not Kaine again!!
And higher minimum wages lead to less employed people under the age of 25. FACT.
The problem isn't that these jobs pay $8/hr. The problem is that people in their late 20's are still working them. Address the real problem
Glad to see you're all getting in board.
Yeah that part still sucks but at least the band is playing us out? Ha ha
Or you know make them unemployed?
@SenSanders ....and inflation created by an unwarranted pay hike will take it all away and nullify it to zero. #inflation #stupid
2024 are you crazy or what, 41 million workers will be on every government assistance program by then! #outoftouchwreality
It will also price alot of those workers out of the job market due to automation. So they be worse off than before.
The cowards will say it'll hurt the economy. Like auto manufacturers said seat belts and safety equip would reduce sales.
Hey tim how bout we try for 2018
YOU SAID I COULD KEEP MR DOCTOR - LIES YOU SAID THE DEDUCTIBLE WOULD NOT GO UP - LIES... now you want me to believe YOU...HELL NO!!!!!!!
Trump Voters gave America away - the people have to take it back with a new party now
And raise the price of everything...even a child knows this.
Oh look at his sweet, innocent, 100% paid for with corporate $ face. He needs to go.
This ranks right up there with the many other stupid things you support. Aren't there more pressing issues out there? Such knuckleheads
Government IS the PROBLEM... NOT the solution!!!
How much are corporations paying you to advocate for incremental change? #NeoLiberalism has done enough damage. Scurry 2 the woods w Hillary
Dem establishment: we might be able to help the middle class and the poor by 3056. Vote for us!!
Good luck with that. I'm may cost rich people and we can have that...!
Its a waste of time.  Raising the minimum wage only hurts the small businesses. It will only raise the cost of living.  Its a mistake.
How  about by 2018
How much did Hillary and yourself pay your employees during the presidential campaign???? #hypocrite
Tim, you can't live on $15/hr now
What about the workers who already make 15 and have jobs that won't compensate for the change?
Maybe raise it to that sooner?
@SenSanders Republicans said they would measure success by how many people get off of food stamps and Medicaid.  Raise their pay!
They need it now!
Yes, and it would also cause everything else to rise in price to match. Fight to lower the cost of living, not raise minimum wage.
How cheap!  Let's go with $50.00/hr. #heartless
Which helps no one. The govt collect more tax, that's it. It will also force many of the state asst. Roles
The best thing for Virginia--throw you out of office
Sorry, but by 2024 the minimum wage should be $20 hr!! No way $15 would even be marginally adequate. You are a day late & $5 dollars short 
Kaine assumes Trump reelected in 2020 & wants to save the issue for 2024 presidential election. He only cares about politics, not workers.
Not so quick... $15 seven years from now will be the equivalent of almost no change (inflation)
By then you'll have 41 million on welfare.
If we don't have $25/hr UBI by 2024, the working class is burning down Congress, you Neoliberal hack.
Anybody believe that you care more for the single mom making minimum wage than your corporate donors, u will find an excuse not to support
Government should not dictate wages: that is Fascism, pure and simple.  By the way $15 by 2024 will be worth less than the minimum    today.
Why not now. Bub 2024 minimum wage ought to be $23 per hour.
Glad you and Hillary didn't make it?
Clearly not considering the rate of inflation by 2024....
$15 today will not be worth $15 in 2024.
@SenSanders Its about time/With soaring price of healthcare, rents, taxes>cant imagine suffering many families must be going thru
2024? You are ridiculous.
So who would pay for that
Why not raise it to 20 or 25.
20 million will lose their job companies will streamline and computerize. Costs will go up to consumers. Your answer is ????
2024? Seriously. That isn't much help for these hard working people.
2024?

we are going to need to do a lot more a lot sooner than that.

1/3 of the bees just died.
How many low wage workers would lose their job from the raise?
Senator Kaine, will you also raise teacher salaries?  If not, then those making minimum wage will be making almost as much as teachers in AZ
Who would employ workers let go when employers could no longer stay in business paying higher wages, supply and demand sets prices and wages
Why must we wait until 2024 to raise the minimum wage? The working poor need that raise NOW.
However undeserved, yes it would. Then they wouldn't  stress about acquiring new skills or striving to better themselves!  #forcedinflation
@SenSanders you raise it to $15 they cut labor costs of goods go up rent will go up etc you will end up at the same point!
why wait 7 years? successful models of this didn't do it over 7 years. #RaiseTheWage now, 7 years is a long time to wait for living wages.
7 years? Begone, @timkaine ,corporatist, and don't even think about running in 2020. #dontbotherTimCaine
Are you going to permanently index it to inflation so it's never again worth as little as it is now?
#dncfraudlawsuit the truth will end you.
Why wait till 2024 -  Raise the minimum wage NOW!
$20 by 2020.
By then it will need to be $20. an hour.
@SenSanders can be done quicker than that , hell thats 7 years
Why wait till 2024???? Are you kidding me????
You obviously never go to a grocery store, let alone other expenses. Do you wonder why your party is in trouble?
#Pandering #Corruption Go fuck yourself, Tim.
@SenSanders and inflation? It'd go up too. #DemocratsLiesMatter
The US needs maximum wage laws.  $4000+ an hour is outrageous
All that will do is put alot of robots to work and more people out of work.
And end the subsidies that we taxpayers give minimum wage dependent businesses.
So u r summer than a box of rocks. Minimum wage doesn't benefit Abby one, ull never own a car or home on minimum wage.
I know perps with master degrees makr 20/hr.   They kerp raising minimum that will be the max eventually
it would also bring millions of Americans closer to a living wage, as ling as prices don't just make everything less affordable
How do you ignore the sound logic that your numbers deflate with the reality of lay offs and solutions to replace employees? Socialist tool?
PUT IT TO REST-IT WILL HAPPEN IN 2024.????
Economically Incorrect!
Hello #unpaid #internships
Why in 2024 ? Why not 2017-2018 what about now??
And employers won't want to pay that, so they'll replace workers with technology and automation. Cost of goods and services will go up, too.
But maybe that's your plan? Make low skill jobs obsolete, thus creating a bigger welfare state.
Raising it immediately would help those living in poverty exponentially more.
Lol, there's not going to be a 2024! @timkaine
This minimum wage increase gives people a false sense of security at the expense of businesses who then pass it on to the customer.
Many of these positions are meant to be entry level, and not really meant to be careers. You are using a Band-Aid for a much bigger problem.
We need skilled workers to fill jobs for the future not put on a Band-Aid to further strain businesses.
For far too long Democrats have put on many band-aids to get votes, but does nothing to fix a long term problem.
i will not see 2024 if i keep work for 11$ per an hour!!
@SenSanders 2024? Hahaha what about now
Come 2024 it should be $20/hr
Why not just get an education or work harder to make more. Instead of expecting it to be handed to u
No shit. Where was your spine a year ago?
the dem penchant for asterisks is going to cost them yet another election. goddamn yall don't learn at all.
When low-skilled workers get priced out of the market by nonsensical legislation, they make $0/hr.
wow, u figured that all on your own?  making minimum wage a million dollars would make them all millionaires too!!!  and u wanted to be VP?
Nope but it would put 80% of them out if a job
And half that number would probably loose their jobs to accelerated automation.  Brilliant.
Then it will make other employers at high paying jobs to increase wages to compete, which creates  inflation then we are back to the start
Actually no.  Many of those workers would go from $7.25 to $0.00 per hour when when get laid off.  Not much of a raise!
Haha... it doesn't hedge inflation.  Really are u kidding me??? Super genius at work.  And ur a senator?
