Time to hire 1000 people to investigate the Russian interference and Trump's involvement #tangledown get them out of our WH!
Giving the heads up to Russia to let Syria know to remove equip. & chemicals out earlier in the day & mission purposely failed spitting...

You make no sense.
Think we can beat Montreal?
I think Hank will be ok but if we don't get Mac back I think it could hurt us
Completely agree. I hope our D can step up
WRONG!! Time to impeach this damn president before he gets us all killed!!!
Can we arrest him yet?
Hey Alex, if PresObama bombed Syria w/o con. Approval, which he asked for and they denied, we all know ur position would be different.
When did Pres obama bomb Syria without congressional approval. Show me.
Where were you when Obama was dropping bombs over there WITHOUT CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL?
If bothered you NOT when Obama trampled all over the Constitution. Now you think it's a document worthy of protection? Really?
Wa wa wa if Obama would have grew some balls and stood up instead of sanctions
which you have not been doing, especially since January 20.
k
The President have to read it first, before he can follow it. Reading is fundamental.
Try to keep up Brooklyn. That's Nancy's line. 
Who the heck is Nancy. I guess you didn't like the answer.
Unfortunately the President can do anything he wants with the military for up to 90 days - repeal War Powers Act 50 USC 1541? #RepealAUMF
He needs this cup
After 8 years of Obama now you are worried about someone following the Constitution?  I'm confused. 
you mean like the Democrats did spying on everybody
"Time for the president to follow the Constitution." Holy F*** this presidency is a hot mess.
He can lead the way by investigating the speaker....
The people need to lead by voting these guys out of office.

Why is the #Constitution only relevant to #Libtards when #Conservatives hold all the cards? #Hypocrites:Don't do as I did, but how I now say
te recuerdas lo que hiso boris yelzin preside te de rusia en los 80s aaa pues eso nesesita hacer Trump bombardear el senado buenos pa nada
if Obama had done his job instead of drawings red lines that he wouldn't in force men women & children wouldn't have had to die
President TRUMP made the right choice an made sure they understand that we are no longer the weak country that Obama made us
So after 8 years of Obama, now you want someone to follow the Constitution?  I'm confused!  
Hey remember when you lost your mind when OBAMA & Hillary killed Gaddafi and threw Libya into chaos w/o Congressional approval? ME NEITHER
I don't think 45 has even read the Constitution!
Where have you been for the last 8 years Looney? 
So cute how now the Constitution means something to Democrats after trampling it as an archaic document for the last 8 years.
why can't you liberal democrats just accept the fact you lost and America finally elected a potus with the backbone we need
What a hypocrite! You never said this about Obama or Clinton...now the question is have you followed the Constitution?!? #ShamefulDems
Exactly which Article of the #constitution did @POTUS violate?
If he violated constitution or USC...why don't you move to impeach?
Response?
@chucktodd doesn't like that you hate babies today!! Your ego is NOT more important then murdered children Senator. SHAME SHAME ON YOU!
Congress do its job?!?  It is so bloated with bottom feeders like you, that will never happen!  Thank God you and Hillary lost!  Creepy dude
So glad we dodged the bullet of having you second in command! I'd be shaking in boots if you and Hillary were in charge!
For Congress to do its job, we need to remove all the Obstructionists that railroaded every Obama initiative and stole SCOTUS seat.
The only thing that was stolen was poor Bernie's nomination. 
Congress hasn't been doing its job for 20 years.
At this point, Congress’s job is to #ImpeachTrump
I agree.  I voted for the person not for the party, but after this election I will never vote Democrat again in my life.  They are sickening
What can we do as citizens to ensure that Congress follows the Constitution?
How is this Mar-a-Lago business ok? Introduce legislation to use non-private forums to host foreign officials. I am sick of the fleecing.
Trump was labeling all Syrians as terrorists just last week, why the sudden change? His tanking polls maybe? #resist
Why did Operation pothole leave assets virtually untouched? #russiagate #Trumprussia #Impeach45
#DontheCon holds stock in Raytheon the maker of Tomahawk missiles. No conflict of interest there right? #resist
Trump & team appear to be above the law.
11/18 will be here before u know it. now is the time to get our 1st voters registered young and old..educate the power of a vote.
Waaaaaaaay beyond time, Tim.
I agree Senator Kaine. How do we get Cheetos Face to do that? Also, the House AND Senate need a kick in the ass! Enough partisan bullshit!
I don't remember you speaking out against Drone strikes.
Where were you for the past 8 years @timkaine
So US campaign in Syria was over?  There weren't already forces there?
Impeach his fat ass 
Time For America To Vote Out these Useless People In Congress - that want to do NOTHING but Cause Division! Worry about Hillary's Corruption
Did Obama ask Congress before he sent pallet of $1.8Billion under the cover of darkness to the leading sponsor of terror?
Time for a REVOLUTION
YOU ARE IRRELEVANT, Please don't speak. You are making a fool out of yourself. Racism sexism and smearing people are so yesterday.
You are miserable to say a declaration of war has to go before to congress, it was no declaration of war.
Thank the Good Lord you and Hilary didn't get the chance to weaken our country anymore than Mr. Obamanation did! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
You are a #idiot Mr. Kaine! Read the conversation before you ask someone to follow! Your #outoftouch #USMC0321
Oh you mean like @BarackObama did? You've been smoking too much of Virginia's bluegrass. @POTUS  was within his authority and you know it.
Tim Trump did abide by law and precedent. You know it. People who know the Constitution know it. And yes, do your job! Serve America not DNC
@marketfan. What a f$@king clueless tweet. Now its time? WTF does your tweet even mean? Call DNC, run ads in Red States on Fox.
Time for you to resign.
U.S. Constitution: President Trump Did Not Need Authorization from Congress to Strike Syria http://politicalpistachio.blogspot.com/2017/04/us-constitution-president-trump-did-not.html …
You are seriously pathetic
You should study a bit more.  Maybe it was your fault that HRC lost.  Also how is Woody doing? Anymore rioting arrests that you had to fix?
I have lost all faith in our Congress and govt
When a Demonicrat President does the same thing in Libya (2011), and again in Syria (2014), it doesn't fill me with confidence in Congress!
@RepTrentFranks  The Constitution. Why doesn't he help protect it against @POTUS?
The village idiot speaks.  No one is listening tim.  Dems quote constitution only when they think it helps them otherwise want to change it
Just like that, he suddenly cares about our Constitution and laws.
Congress hasn't done it's job in 9 years
if they won't do their jobs, quit!
U haven't done your job in a long time.
stay active we need you speak loud honest truth
Tim speak louder speak the truth call it like it is get the insanity out of Washington
From you, you pathological lying hypocrite, you must be spending a lot of time in confession lately with all your BS! Still got the billions
Time for Republicans especially Dems to actually follow the constitution instead of tweeting about it, actions speak louder than words!
Well, 1 outta 2 is already doing a helluva a job for Americans. Thank you @POTUS. You really should have said congress and the senate
Why start now?
Shut up fool. You're a clown. You're worse than Hillary even. Go away. #MAGA
Senator Kaine, you were elected to do a job as was the rest of the dems, now do your jobs impeach trump and all his minions
LOL
I suppose you never flip-flop?
Please I am truly afraid for our democracy and my life.
Time for "Hillary's Pet Yorkie" to dummy up!
Congress do its job? Im afraid ALL the American people have lost faith in you all. Nothing changes! Rich get richer and poor get poorer! SAD
You SHOULD know better! You're gone!
Step up!  Where's the outrage!!! What congress is is hypocritical!!!
The "President" has never read it!
Can't wait for next Supreme Court nomination. If I'm not mistaken two of the current justices are near death or retirement. #Nuclearoption
You lost too. Go into the woods with crooked hillary
You have some nerve talking about the Constitution when Democrats on the whole don't give a hoot about it!
Hope your #delusionalID10Terror self is there when ACA implodes We'll see what you as congress does and says then about doing your job
boy if that isn't something coming from this demoncrate geek.
LMAO!! Congress do its job?  
THAT honorable Senator is why you & HRC should be in the WH! PLEASE hold them to it-the law, the constitution & basics ethics/decency!
How can citizens encourage our Congress reps to do the job we sent them to do? I keep calling!
Another dummy Kaine that doesn't know the WPA and Constitution. Cmon Timmy, snap out of the cloud.
not technically true He needs congressional authorization a declaration of war doesn't need authorization any military activity short of war
Yeah get off your ass and do yours.
Go Tim!
Shut and quit crying.  Do something instead of crying about everything.  It really is pathetic.
time to lead ? Only your timing is exceeded by your caustic demeanor. You casted my vote. Sad state
Good thing your not in charge trumps a true leader who takes action not utter bs like u and hrc
Seems like our leader does agree !!! Thank God
Focus on your Russian Ruse!!! Obama's red line caused the murder of 400000 human beings and 1MM refugees! Unconscionable
@SenSanders you guys have not followed the constitution the last eight years.
He would need to read it first and understand the big words. Sad.
Too late. Time to IMPEACH.
Snowflakes every where ha ha
Time to start impeachment process!
Cuz we all know Obama did..
Unfortunately Assad is still there #bstrump
If tRump puts our kids in combat without proper approval, there will be hell to pay!
Yes! But it was time for that on January 20th, 2017, and before...
Well we've been waiting for Congress to step up and reign @POTUS in. When is Congress going to start working???
GOOD LUCK CONGRESS IS OUT FOR HOW MUCH MONEY THEY CAN MAKE. TRUMP WANTED A WAR I AM SURE THIS WILL HELP
What's wrong with Camp David is what's wrong with Donald Trump, his Cabinet, The House. @realDonaldTrump #EmolumentsClause #GreedAndDesire
Where'd you get the money, Timmy?
Why doesn't Congress tell him to act like a President even if he is incapable of being one?
Yes. It is time. Time for Justice. Exactly when can We The People expect to see that happen? #EmolumentsClause #libel #slander #Collusion
He has; you have not. Strike was not a declaration of war. Relax. You are part of the problem not the solution.
wrong
Your response is totally devoid of content. Not clear. Have you ever read the Constitution or the many existing laws?
What a whiner and an embarrassment to VA!  Taking out Syria's runway was the right decision!
Oh now you want to follow constitution! Hypocrite. Go away please.
Y r u spreading BS & implying Trump isn't following the Constitution? Oh yeah, ur lies & BS is WHY YOU & #SwampWitch LOST!
Congress would telegraph all plans & military moves 2 the target. Which is REALLY stupid!
He does & will follow the Constitution. Congress has no work ethic. It would take them months 2 "debate" any military moves.
I my friend totally agree!
And it is that leeway that presidents George W. Bush, Barack Obama and now Trump have used to their advantage. Following the Sept. 11 attack
The law also sought to give the president "leeway to respond to attacks or other emergencies," according to the Council on Foreign Relations
Both statements are true.  Both.
Obama fired over 100 cruise missiles at Libya and there was no questions in the press as to whether he could do it.
Come on you know he did what was legal quit making yourself look ignorant. Dems need leader that does not lie and is for people.
NO reasons for Impeachment of Trump-if u have it - put it on the table.  The CLUSTER Dem & BHO left is now getting cleaned up.
Thank GOD we don't have another coward as our VP right now. America chose the right candidate.
Trump had/has constitutional+20xx AUMF's authority. There was NO declaration of war/no issue w/ Congress! Agree need long strategy
Play cry me a river on your little harmonica
AMEN
Where were you in Libya, Syria, Yemen, Pakistan etc...all places Obama dropped bombs w/o Congress approval
He is and you have zero functioning brain cells!
You have to be gay,  man!
Time for you to go to jail, but you might want to get some pizza first. You sold out to the Clinton Cartel n ObamaMafia, GET A LAWYER
YOU DON'T KNOW THE CONSTITUTION!! WOW..HOW DID YOU GET ELECTED??
He was well within his right to protect from Terrorism! You on the other hand Tim are still an Idiot! Go cry with Hillary! #MAGA
Troll
You and your tweets are not worthy of any response at all! So go cry with your other snow flakes! #MAGA
I'm sorry, troll would indicate a level of intelligence heretofore unobserved. My mistake.
http://firstread.nbcnews.com/_news/2011/03/22/6323385-did-obama-violate-the-constitution-with-libya-military-action …
Did you cry foul when @BarackObama and @HillaryClinton attacked Libya?
