Intercepted calls show Trump campaign members had repeated contact with Russian intelligence before the election http://nyti.ms/2kvdm5O 
@nytimes Now you call for independent investigation. Why did you not call for investigation into Hillary Clinton?
Dictator Trump's and his staff should indeed be investigated
funny you were okay with Loretta Lynch meeting Bill on the tarmac but now you want a transparent investigation?  get lost bro
funny how you think the Hillary email scandal comes close to this one in scope.
Hillary's is significantly worse, you're right!
POTUS is currently using an unsecured phone. Security is important unless it's POTUS?
fake news 
oh thank god. I'm glad you're in the know when senators are not. You should inform them so they drop the inquiry!
even scarier it show the intelligence agencies are attempting a coup right here in america
there are many impeachable acts coming out of @potus #whitehouse You are sworn to protect #USA from enemies foreign & domestic
lead us, senator kaine. Find like minded senators,even republicans, lead us. There is a lot of energy ready to go. Feel it?
@iamtimsteele sore looser
lol - such a typical Trumpette response (complete with misspellings).

That's right. Just stick with emojis since actually words are too difficult for you.
We need to investigate why the IC is leaking classified materials.
if they are leaking, at least you say they are true.
please senator kick that fat Orangeman out of here. VP Kaine we love you and Mrs president Clinton.c
@timkaine  #FakeNews  U  r a slow learner  Time 4 u to be #UNELECTED
@voniaburrell97  We Better Get Just That for 21 days Our So Called President let Flynn tell Everything About Us He Rapped Us!!
@timkaine @voniaburrell97
I certainly don't recall you "feeling" this way about HRC...take a hard look in the mirror, your HYPOCRISY is showing
Clintons unsecured server made it easy for Russians to do hacking. Maybe we should pay attention to what they discovered.
Let us know when it is done......you own this!
One word investigation
At what point will @SenateGOP @HouseGOP stop putting party over country? At what point will they defend our democracy? #DoYourJob
dems have promoted socialism, liberalism you owe me a living for over 40 years, where have U been
Ur sinister characterization not withstanding, there's difference betwn having different ideals & foreign collusion
wrong, it all leads to taking from those who do and giving to those who do not, dems do not like Facts/INTEGRITY
We're talking foreign influence here, not anything else, which is remarkably about Facts/INTEGRITY dems or repubs
Run Laura Ingraham, run...Tim needs to get the boot.
that's why trumpet called Hillary a crook/crooked 100x to distract our dumb asses!
The American people deserve a President who knows what the hell he is doing
this guy has had 70 yrs practice of stacking the deck in his favor. He will continue until we change the dealer on him 11/06/18
Yeah, @timkaine made @realDonaldTrump campaign CONSTANTLY talking to #Russia...GOT IT
@RianHatch Some of us have KNOWN deep down the entire time that he's the FAKE! He's unfit to govern. He's unfit for ALL OF IT. ASS
YES!  We need an investigation now.  Never more fearful about our future as a nation that at this moment.
yes we do. So where is the unified voice of ALL outraged Democrats in Congress. 
We don't here them 
Goddamn #lapdogs
Then, Sen Kaine - go after these people like a dog with a bone.
how do we make it happen? We're listening.
I hear donny is going to paint the WH gold &
have a bbq in rose garden with his sponsers, pressed white sheets and formal hoods
Senator Kaine, we know none of this started by republicans. We expect nothing from them. #TheResistance
Imagine GOP screams if this were Hillary. Hypocritical bastards. Chaffetz must resign!!!!!!!
Call Hillary. Tell her to put her pantsuit back on. She needs to join the fight to save America from Trump
one would think he would welcome an investigation if he was innocent. With his attitude looks rather guilty. Get the tax returns
idk we still haven't seen HRCs emails yet.
time for republicans and democrats to go after  the truth!
You took a Oath to Protect & Serve American Citizens, Now do it, you are our emeployee not us yours, get some Integrity, for once
yes they do, on obumer, clinton, you, lynch, pelosi, boxer, lee, mccain and may other liberal un Americans and their past actions,
how do we get it with a rebublican congress?
AGREED!  How can we make this happen?
yes we do!

AND LEAST SOMEONE HAD A POSITIVE RELATIONSHIP WITH RUSSIA YOU POS
Okay, we deserve that.  Now how can we get it, with GOP obstruction?
yes! Thank you!
I can't believe they stooped that low 2 allow Russia 2 compromise our highly valued democracy! As a U.S. Citizen, I feel violated
Ok, we agree Senator. What are you and every other Democratic representative doing to make it happen and when??!!! We're waiting.
[Indeed we do ; #DemocratsHaveBetrayedAmerica.]
Why you know Obama already admitted there was no proof. Shut up already.
like the one they did in Hillary? Oh wait...
yes!
by all means!  This will show the lies perpetrated by you and the IC.  #releasethetranscripts
@Burwell_Lois The World deserves better than what they've seen:Capitulation to Putin. Allies r disgusted & concerned.Insanity.
a lie
pls sir, tell your colleagues not to let this go!
The senate will have to take the lead on this We need a thorough investigation.
Outrageous. Egregious. Scandalous
( I mean your joke of a campaign)
Whose "independent" these days? Kenneth Starr is available think...
Hang on Tim and Hill. Crazy times call for action. Y'all might be called for duty! #PopularVote
We don't even know what there is to be upset about!  Leaked Intel? Spying on US citizens? HRC did worse & U were at her side!
i am sick of this administration already a nightmare the nation can't wake up from!!!!!
your are 100%correct
@nytimes investigation has to happen! @GOP @TheDemocrats @SenMajLeader @SenSchumer Russians infiltrated election and NSC!
Make it happen!
real americans can only wish!
Please join @CoryBooker in welcoming and pushing a full investigation of this #whitehouse
yes!!!
Please investigate the role of Russia in our election, Natl Security, and govt.  Frightening what that role has been, and is.
@Kelly6358633 
Thank you Senator for doing the work of the People
would LOVE that, but hard to be transparent w/Nat Sec Info.
Right after we get the investigation of Hillary wrapped up?
@nytimes who met with Hamas?
Yes we do.  Also,  I hear a seat in GA had opened up, are dems putting candidates in? I'm one of tour constituents & supporter
let's get one Senator Kaine!!
This needs an independent investigation.
Vote No on Gorsuch Senator.
Not only does the investigation need to be independent & transparent, but also without heavy status quo institutional bias
@FuckBaIl the democrats must be stronger than they have been in years. You must force the republicans to put country B4 party
Then, let's do it!
We deserve to know the truth! Thank you for fighting for the American people, even if half don't realize it is for them too!
I don't think it matters I think Flynn will fold under pressure and implicate Trump
Not to mention the new revelations from @Newsweek
Certainly hope you lose re-election in 2018.
Amazing DT is still focused on the election rather than what he does w/winning. & feeling being exposed is worse than dishonesty..@timkaine
and we better get one too
Liars&racists&grizzly bears, oh my! #MakeAmericaSecureAgain
what do those Podesta emails mean? Is that the investigation we need?
@TheSandmanEsq get it done you supposedly know what to do
Everything outrageous then nothing outrageous.Completely uncorroborated story.U ppl r losing your minds on this Trump witch hunt
the hypocrisy is infuriating
@ResistTilDeath will you do something about it, or just tweet, like him?
1) his lawyers are top Russian team tap the phones watch what's sent back to Russia confidentiality gives them easy way2talk
@DearAuntCrabby yes! So are you going to do everything in your power to make it happen? Get congressional cowards and traitors 2?
btw why is va passing LGBT discrimination laws and laws to arrest protestors I didn't think you'd allow va to go backwards SNEAKY
BUT IT MIGHT SHOW HERR TRUMP KNEW ALL ALONG
but we won't get one
yep enough of the outrage DO something
It was also proven your team did as well. are you going to investigate that as well?
Please sir, do everything in your power to help save our nation from the lunatic who is holding it hostage
Please Senator, do everything you can to bring this national nightmare to an end, sooner rather than later
@scyeatts America elected a white nationalist game show host. People get the govt they deserve.
Well, Hillary actually won the popular vote.
Truth, but in America that doesn't matter.
You're right.
@nytimes Yes, we want an investigation! @Scotttaylorva
@kellyg1160 No, they deserve what they ordered. And they ordered 4 yrs of stupidity. Learn to live with that.
Get some help. Not everyone voted for DJT and treasonous actions are punishable! 
But everyone voted for DJT, right? That's why Oompaloompa is your prez now.
Hillary won POPULAR vote So no, that's not true! He lost by 3M votes. Won electorial college system. Can I say TREASON
Of course you can say "TREASON", or any other big-letter word. Just curious if u gonna live it up.
Honey, just take your meds. If you want to discuss American politics, pick up a book, or check out a middle school chat room.
Oh doh! You are one salty dog, aren't you? #BigOnBookWorms
how do we get you and Clinton into the White House!? We need to remove all of these fools who are involved with trump
Please make it happen
That's not enough! Dems must shut down govt until they investigate
Impeach
yes yes yes. Investigate
That is what I said about IRS in 2011. Gun running in 2010.  Don't remember the Dem outrage then. Must have missed it!
@nytimes stay on them Senator Kaine! Apparently there is much to investigate!!
YES thank you Senator Kaine!
Weasel
r u as a pedo transparent?
Can't believe Reps say Sessions ok to investigate Flynn.!!So when connects to DT, will he tell the public? Heck NO! COVER UP
@SpeakerRyan What's it going to take. Be an American first. This needs to be investigated.
@HouseGOP Apparently only Democrats get investigations.  Republicans must figure they're too good to be investigated
.@timkaine Why are Senate Democrats rejecting an outside probe of Trump-Russia links?
Funny! You didn't feel that way about #Hillary.
you have our support
@nytimes @YouTube @twitter its easy, release all the evidence on @realDonaldTrump or stop the trivial allegations! Period!
absolutely!  No Sessions involvement!
I agree..we need much more than what we are getting, or are likely to get from this band of incompetent scammed.
@nytimes would have been nice to see u react to Benghazi like this
Hey Tim. It seems like years not weeks doesn't it? I believe @SenJohnMcCain is gearing up for one
Yes, we need an explanation and Hillary for President!!!
Any wrong doing should be held accountable
Yes sir! This is outrageous and you should insist on a full, thorough and transparent investigation
@nytimes I witnessed a hen thrown into a rooster pen, they raped & pecked her to death! Thats what you remind me of.
yes!! Independent Bipartisan Commission.  We deserve the truth. The Intelligence Committee wont do!!
A lot of Outrageous things going on! Dems can't do a thing sadly! Guns for everyone! Open Mara largo security meetings? Pudzer? 
Senator you know the GOP won't investigate. Everyone is  lying. Sickening
So you all need to work hard to make it happen.  God will judge those who are corrupting America.
Yes! The American People deserve an investigation alright.
#MIDTERMS 11/6/2018 to fix Congress & get America back on ethical honest transparent sane track.  #VoteBlue
I support this 100%. Thank you!
@nytimes yep
but her emails?! #benedictdonald
And we expect you to get it for us. And I trust that you will.
Turn up the heat!! #investigatetrump  #FakePresident #PutinTrump
@nytimes good luck convincing your colleagues on the other side of the aisle.
why aren't we talking about impeachment?
I truly believe that Trump knew about this during his campaign. He needs to be impeached. Trump poses a threat to the US
we must.
just impeach @realDonaldTrump and it will all go away...
agreed!  What are you doing about it??
you know nothing about transparency
Your faux outrage is cute.
this started percolating last summer & was widely reported.  if @POTUS44 was briefed why didn't he call 4 full investigation thn
@nytimes you are a fool the difference between Obamanation and Trump is when HRC lied Obama lied and kept her. When Flynn lied out
right who is leaking national security, can only be a crying Dem. would like to know his name #obama
Why are Republicans more concerned about a leak, rather than the content of the leak?  Hmmmm...
Tell your GOP colleagues that people w/ serious mental illnesses should not buy guns ever.  What is wrong with them?
@elizabeth28536 I agree but talk is cheap. Let's see you take some action on this urgent matter
And we deserve a new election.
how badly I wish you were in the whitehouse as VP 
@nytimes we felt the same way about your goddess Hillary but to no avail you libtards hid her treasonous crimes.
yes they do. What are you,  @HouseDemocrats and @SenateDems going to do?
go do your job punk
Please rally your colleagues and DO SOMETHING.
@nytimes please please please investigate don't let this coup continue because republicans brand is in WH shame on republicans
@SenateDems Please keep fighting to hold the president accountable. Don't let the cowardly @SenateGOP stop you!
please demand full investigation. Moreover when will the runaway Trumptrain be stopped? When the Russians launch warheads at US?
Thanks for finally being outraged!!
Now. Call out the republicans.
.@timkaine @nytimes Agree with you 100%, Senator. As should Americans on both sides. He truth can only help.
Yes we do! Get loud @timkaine and make your voice be heard. This election was stolen. Get rid of the criminals in our White House!
The illegal leaks???
every sane person knows the presidential election was stolen from you and Hillary. Would love to see it reset and made right
@WhiiNot @nytimes how can Tillerson be allowed to meet w Russia while this matter is so pressing?#investigatetrump
I agree,given HIS long standing  friendship with Putin himself..questionable to say the least.!
demand investigation
We are going to need a new election after this.
You don't speak for the American people, you realize? And your investigations don't result in anything but a waste of time & $.
Illegal. Unethical. Traitorous. Faux election! Do it over!
@mamijayden04 deserve and demand! We are not going away!
exactly! The #ResistanceContinues!
Yes. Please investigate this!
Not only do we deserve it, but we want it. #TheResistance
@senategop @housegop The American people agree!
This is the NYT, find another source for your information, outrageous!
@shelh321 don't hold your breath
The problem is NOT IC, but our administration colluding w/ Russian enemies against USA!  We demand Independent INVESTIGATION NOW
