Dozens of tweets about Kaine & healthcare?  Public can't pass this bill 4 U.  Devote twitter energy 2 work on HC w/Republicans.  Stop campg
I can't express the deep anger I feel watching parents beg @GOP for their kids' lives at townhalls. No one should have to beg for healthcare
So true. Healthcare should be a right
The pictures of the children at this town hall are heartbreaking- Keep fighting @timkaine! These children deserve healthcare.
Springfield, Oregon??? Oh, wait. No, probably not...
Thank you senators. As a pediatrician I know Medicaid means a chance to live to some with chronic conditions
My Drs HATE the ACA. What about them?
you are clueless 
Thank you, Sen. Kaine.  You always have our backs...and our vote!
Thanks ever so much to protect us from the disaster ours
be neutral not partisan u r deceiving everyone  t
I wish my Tennessee Senators would do this.
keep fighting!
Just like rep government
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
#SinglePayerNow
When you and every other member of Congress buy insurance on the Exchange I'll take you serious.  Everyone or no one.
AMEN!!!  You like bammy care so much, why don't you and your fellow thugs sign up?
Will people hurt by Obamacare be represented in the round table?
Fuzzy.  Of course not. It's not part of the art of being a Politcal Hack.
I'm not from VA  but with out medicad I will die
Along with the millions of others
Thank you for fighting for us
Your a Democrat, and have said you would not vote on a health care bill , so why go to forums on health care?
Thank you!!
You need to get to work and stop running around soliciting votes. Congress appears to be just high paid welfare recipients.
They dont want to be HEARD they WANT & NEED ACA! That is it! STOP GOP!! STOP TRUMP!!!
Democrats feeling stressed. Purchase our product. @TrumpBopBag
so how did it go sorry i missed event i would have attended long time res of spfld glad u came to town hope to c u again
Thk you Senator for your concern
Thank you, Senator Kaine, for your hard work on behalf of Virginians and Americans.
Please hear me too it can't happen it's no good for our country we need single payer
Proud that you are my Senator .. TY
right, go there stay there!!
You are a fake - I wish you cared about all of your constituents like those of us that do not agree with you
Yeah sure Joker Timmy , how are those second-place steak knives working on your crow ? They cut good.   Good !!
Please voice our concerns. So afraid family members w/pre-existing conditions & on Medicaid will suffer.
Doctors are the problem. Tell them to stop killing people financially so they can buy a new house boat.  Fear funds!
Where in Springfield?
My family and I are moving back to VA and I'm soooo happy you are my senator!
Thank you for telling the truth of that disaster heartless garbage of health bill #TrumpCare
What if you're concerned about ObamaCare? Oh, right you don't care!
YOU GO SENATOR!! Do what you know how to do BEST, fighting for the people and not ripping them off of what belong to them like the other
Thank you for everything you've done & have tried to do as my Senator. I appreciate you & @MarkWarner for looking out for all of us.
GO LIKE HELL TIM, I'M WITH YA ALL THE WAY!!

It is as if u r condoning Trump's disgraceful behavior by remaining silent. Shame, u can do more than 1 thing at a time
@SenateDems @senTimKaine kinda like you were so concerned their thoughts on #Obamacare or We the Peoples concerns, Political Hack POS!
Are you seriously talking about this when our Country is on fire where is your fight your Champaign was stolen from you
Why r u all being silent about Trump & his disgraceful G20 MTG. Outrageous.
Sure. But Democrats must team up with the Republicans and come up with real solutions to fix Obamacare.
Unfortunately you can't fix something that was never meant to work! Repeal and let the chips fall!
Are any republicans joining you?
Think you mean #tRumpDONTcare
Kaine & Unable https://nteb-mudflowermedia.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/crooked-hillary-picks-kaine-unable-vice-president-election-2016-933x445.jpg …
STAY BLESSED
Thank you
consumer choice is false flag to deny coverage based on economics
...and protected. #healthcareforall
Thank you!  This doc wishes she could be there.  Stay strong.  No trumpcare. Fix the ACA.
Yeah but you voted for Obama care thanks you lied to all of us and now you care this is a mystery?????
You're so generous with my money
Good luck!!
More like #trumpcutscare  (Trump cuts care!!)
Thank Senator Kaine! #toobadyourenotourVP
We need all of your help
Wish others were as interested in hearing all sides as you are.
This Should NOT be Debated; Like Social Security its a RIGHT! Otherwise People Will DIE!
You mean you want to make sure the shills and plants get a chance to use the lines you wrote for them.
no matter what you do people will die because of you Tim Kane
When will Congress address the fact that USA pays much more for care with less result?
Too busy dealing with his son who handles the riots against Trump.
Thank you!
