.@timkaine Your "ideas" amount to engineering a society from the government down. We don't want #socialism here. Both sides need to learn.
.@MdlfMockingjay @timkaine You're right, some Americans do want #socialism; but I'd say our #constitution outlines a very different system.
.@MdlfMockingjay @timkaine Sure; lets forget all the death & poverty socialism caused & try again fr just the right blend of state despotism
.@MdlfMockingjay @timkaine Wld you like to compare death counts? 20-50M ~Mao, 10s of Ms ~Stalin just to grab the low hanging fruit...
Why have D's not done that is past 7 years?
Easy,They thought Hillary would win too!The people tired of big gov giving away our tax$ are pissed and voted for Trump.
It is NOT the job of the fed gov to pay for so many "things".Able bodied:get a job or lower expenses.
Yes,I would.Used to own a landscape co-couldnt get anyone except hispanics to work-they worked hard too
This is the difference between being educated and being a Trump followers. Democrats actually know what they are doing.
As an Independent voter I was waiting on that fix. Democrats weren't working on it. Still aren't as far as I know.
What is there to fix over not being denied health coverage for a pre-existing condition?
Cost? Deductibles? # of insurers? A problem for my family of 2 so I'm keeping my COBRA $1,751.36/month policy for now.
easy fix then. Give the states no chose but implement it
GOP will never "mandate" anything like that.  They want LESS, not more.
Drug costs are ridiculous. Recently discovered 1 of mine costs $800 when they werent going 2 cover it. Did a unicorn P in it?
I agree they need to control drug companies. Needed meds are outrageous. Thank God for copays
& if ur insurer says u cant have that medicine, then u cant afford it. @timkaine
in many cases. there are places that will assist and drug mfgrs will often assist with absorbing some of the cost
Dr filed an appeal 4 me recently & they finally approved it, otherwise $800 per month for 1 medication @timkaine
like the compound I use for pain instead of opiates. I know having to get approval was due to cost but safer than opiate
all pain meds concern me & I try not to take them (even when ive needed them) #smh @timkaine
Sounds familiar...Obamacare ring any bells...No GOP consultations!
you are Amazing! Keep up the hard work!!!
Some how @timkaine  this never makes the news. To combat all of the Trump regulations is to have Democrats draft their own bills
Obama care didn't have one Republican.
Better remember - their only goal is to destroy health care. And all the rest of the social safety net.
and pocket all the money they can in the process with tax cuts for the rich
keep lying Tim Insane! You, Crodile Tears Schumer, Rep Adam Shiffty, Dick Dustbin and Debby Stabmenow. Does he have to beg you?
Really? So why didn't Obama use your ideas in the last 8 years  
If you have these ideas... why are we in the position we are in... why were these great ideas not used in the first place...
The failure of Trumpcare was because it was an AWFUL PLAN! I bet you $1100 million that Trump never even read it! Sad!
Yep. It's called Single Payer #MedicareForAll
So you are saying instead of offering this help you will only help if you are asked? If ideas so great you go to him and try to help!
like your aca? You dems are progressive frauds.
Like single payer health care? And withholding tax credits and research grants to any drug conpany that doesn't give good deals?
please vote NO on Gorsuch.
we as a COUNTRY would NOT be in this mess if you Dems had reached out to reaps & left out that penalty
when u passed Obama care u never even talk to Republicans; so just shut up you freaking hypocrite! Ur priest must be pretty busy!
We're onto Gorsuch now. NO CONFIRMATION!
@KimberlyEndico5 what they didn't have was a clue about real people!
@Daveydeg TRY bringing us in on the conversation next time so we can fix the problems. But they do not want the BLACK MAN CREDITED
"we have to pass it to see what's in it" is your parties motto. Your worthless like the rest of your drunken party members
@realDonaldTrump I think u were asked but was too busy boycotting and obstructing to notice. #TimKaineOut
Thanks for fighting for us. We must continue to fight. #RESIST
you still TELLING LIES
they don't have to ask. You have to offer.
trump had ZERO interest in replacing Obamacare with something better. He just wanted it gone at any price.
@Wanderer19 no vote; no Dems or GOP for that matter
@TPol2017 is there a unified dem plan to repair #ACA that will be released? I'm glad it's safe ATM and want it to stay that way.
at Jan2017 @AcademyHealth said Dems willing to help but GOP wants none. Now @HouseGOP #epicfailure Lesson: next time share ball
like the Obama White House didn't have 1 Republican when it came to SCOTUS. GOP, you reap what you sew.
GOP really don't care about good health care for the people.
@MayBeBob In a dark room in the basement where fellow Republicans were locked out, what were a Dems to do? Storm the room?
We owe a lot of the credit for the AHCA defeat to the women of the movement who organized most of the resistance.
Planned Parenthood and all their supporters who are fighting for their very existence deserve our support & praise.
There are so many improvements that have been proposed in committee that could vastly improve ACA ignored by GOP.
Now is the time to show the others how to govern and get positive things done for all Americans.
@blazer2 when many didn't go to inauguration? When waters says she won't be in same room? When they cont to push russia?
We know.  Americans aren't as stupid as Trump thinks.  #alternativefacts
they should have.
They really thought they had a mandate....
we know. Keep fighting.  We see you.
@PattyArquette it is really DisGRACEFUL that representatives are concerned with d/r party when REAL LIFE ISSUES are of Importance
You tell 'em Old Tim Kaine!!!
You screwed up one bill why would they let #Democrats #Democrats mess this one up too! @realDonaldTrump
I don't believe Rs want to fix it. They want to use Ds as a scapegoat. This is their baby now. They'll never go for D ideas.
do DEMS have to ask or r all of them like u needing a puppet master. #LiarsofAmericaRStrongerTogether
They did not need one Democratic vote that is what is so funny about it.
Dems should go before medo a daily with proposals for ACA Improvements. Be LOUD & BOLD or you won't be heard! Fight for our goals.
Media not medo!  (I hate autocorrect!)
rethink verbiage senator, bc all politicians are D's
Lets get this DONE
aww. Poor bear got hurt
yeah we saw your ideas with obama care
go for the whole show Tim not just a piece. Single payer, medicare for all.
why wait until asked to participate, answer: Dems not interested in fixing broken Obama Care only complaining about Trump
@WhiskeyPartyMI Dems should BE proud! Take credit!! They listened 2 people & stopped the Rs train wreck tax break 4 the wealthy.
Please draft legislation to imlement them and promote these ideas! We have been losing elections because many voters don't know
keep pressure on by obstructing bad nominees and policy, but be open to opportunities to work around Repubs and work with Trump.
now is a good time for Dems to show leadership and reach out directly to Trump on fixes to ACA and other issues.
I am a card carrying Democratic and often when Dem's get the chance they are to polite and drag their feet
I hope that in two years you will get your chance to prove that and not drag your feet.
Hurrah!  Speak up! Get involved.  Defeat Freedom @freedomcaucus
respectfully #Trump is not pres. of the USA.  He's pres of repubs.  So he won't care to ask.  #DumpTrump
not one Democrat SURPRISE SURPRISE SURPRISE
How could they ask any democrats? Ryan was too busy drafting the bill in secret.
They blame Dems when its their fault Didn't want 2 imprv ACA coz they want TrumpCare.They want to keep most money that goes 2 ACA.
opportunity now to work together to improve current plan
then the Dems need to get to work & make the ACA work! We want it to work! Reach across the aisles & show #fake45 how to do it!
you should all work to "better" Obamacare
please write an oped article, detailing some of those ideas, so ppl believe/keep issue alive? Include pics &Prez might read it too
the #REPS went against everything #Obama suggested , I love #USA but #Trump blew it
Thank you for everything you do
Sad to see so many trolls responding in such idiotic ways. Blind obedience to Trump keeps 'em understanding your simple statements
take leadership now on healthcare and evangelize Dems ideas for #ACA improvements. Leverage momentum.
@sandcrapper Senator Tim:  Challenge tRump to add a "Public Option" to ObamaCare for the"competition" his party claims to want!
@NewBeenz 100% correct & thank the @HouseDemocrats for fighting the fight. Local #10 Ironworker against right to work.
Then why isn't that in Obama Care
I remember Pres. Obama asking the GOP many times for their input on the ACA.  Crickets from them.
" D's have ideas to lower drug costs, improve health care."  Not feeding tax breaks to rich people might help!
@PattyArquette Who in their right mind would want to be linked with such a devastating bill? #TheResistance worked!
give free healthcare to all  like other Countries do! Problem solved!
Get to work on them, be pro active and let the people know what Dems are trying to do!
@RepDonBeyer They spent 8 years obstructing and refusing to cooperate with Dems and now they're screaming about bipartisanship?
@RepDonBeyer NOW IS THE TIME TO PUSH FOR MEDICARE FOR ALL! Let's get this done!
@RepDonBeyer Obama didn't have one Republican for the ACA. He had to compromise and negotiate. Trumps still being a bully.
@realDonaldTrump offered you guys a chance to bring him something. Should take that opportunity to show the R's how 2 govern
Not only did they not ask, but didn't they also lock it up in the basement? #Trumpcare #trumpcaredefeated
I don't think Obama care is any thing special it's unaffordable  as a low income person I could never afford it
can the democrats step up big time and present their ideas?  Please tell me yes. We need you now more than ever!!!
Not only didn't need Dems they made it clear to everyone daily that Dems were idiots and had no place in their Gov
Get the US out of social profit making medical care. Kill the insurance companies and push for universal health care.
.@timkaine A party majority should not silence the voice of senators & representatives of the rest of the American people @realDonaldTrump
Please, they have to ask? How about you offer to help create something FOR THE PEOPLE.
They need to learn to build consensus in the center of the political spectrum - center of GOP only is too far right for America.
Dems must work to improve on the #ACA now. Not give another go to the repeal.
but D's refused to participate.
If it passed, would Dems be credited? No vote was the right vote on this very flawed bill. Work on making the ACA better.
remember he said he and he alone could fix things.  He can't
Obama could've made it better but GOP refuse to work with him. Kudos to the Democrats. GOP just want it to fail always have.
BECAUSE EVERYTHING TRUMP IS AMERICANS AGAINST.WE NEED BETTER MORE SECURED VOTING PLACES AND REPRESENTIVES AT POLLS WATCHING ACTION
@Jlo2Judy Trump & the GOP clearly said they didn't need any dem support or votes.
We already have a pretty good program in place, now we just need to eliminate for profit insurance companies bilking America.
Work needs to be done to fix the fails. Both sides of the aisle should work together for the people.
@PrincessBravato  Now is the time for Dems to step up with fixes for ACA. The people will back you
that's funny you gave us Obamacare
you had 8yrs so why would they ask!
honestly, the shouldn't ever have one Democrat until they're ready to compromise.
@iamthemimi65 they wanted all the glory Now they can have all the blame
@Jillie1949 Dems need to put this back on him, bring forth bills to fix ACA, move to public option. You've got checkmate in sights
Inform Mr Trump how his party has sabotaged #ACA from day 1. Still sabotaging.
@PrincessBravato listening 2 the horror stories told by Republicans yesterday, it seems their constituents want single payer prgm
Write letters, make speeches, mail out the word, do whatever it takes to get the word out there. Use the media!
You should all get together & offer him a deal he can't refuse. @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
sanata name-day is the name of the style of the book I felt a
I hope that's true about the ideas.  Don't be like the republicans and have nothing.  The democrats will get a chance in 2 years
and the Republicans all voted against the ACA.
make the ask, sir. Make them ask.
AM I going to believe you or Trump?
you..Trump....you..Trump

TRUMP!
They deserved for it to fail, Republicans are so Self-Centered they will cut their noses off to spite their face.
Where is your Health Care bill. lets take a look. waiting to see it if it works great but where is it
But why i thought Obamacare was so great. thats what you told everybody while campaigning.
Me thinks they may now! This is the best I have felt about politics since November 8!
publicly request a meeting w him to discuss healthcare. Show him we will work for a better bill.
#TrumpCareFails Dems took the correct approach and let the GOP implode
Yet they complained about Democrats NOT supporting the Bill. No room at table when creating, NO SUPPORT when voting.
So get those ideas out there.  Force Repubs to at least look at them. Run ads like Repubs do. Get moving.
How about a single payer system? Or at least a public option.
How about now working for national health care.  Get controls on Ins co's for premiums and deductibles. More providers needed.
@ImBrendanKing said the LOSER
Exactly.  
Ryan needs to be replace as Speaker.  
Now we have a real issues with Russian puppet 45
What, they never asked?  They only wanted you to vote yes on what they put forth?  Goal: Cut taxes on rich = eliminate benefits.
Is now the time to let them know our ideas for fixing the ACA?
Tim, quit whining. Conversation goes two ways. Make a YouTube vid of how you will fix the ACA and post for everyone to see! #2018
Why are we not working as a tarn to fix the situation! And Thank u for NO!!
Yes, I've been tweeting my senators to work w/ Dems to fix the ACA.  Maybe now they will.  We need dem senators to encourage that
Let's get those ideas out there appeal to moderate Repubs  and try to make a great healthcare system  #FixACA
@Oooooo_Donna Snow of Maine suggested an affordability test  that would trigger opening a public option. Bi-partisan. Lower cost.
And ACA didn't have one Republican.  They now need to meet up and work together to improve ACA.  Possible?
If #Putinspuppet wants to make health care better he would use the plans @HillaryClinton laid out. Is why most voted #ClintonKaine
Dems need to do massive PR about this in red states to rile up voters to put pressure on GOP to come to the table. Educate voters!
#obamacare and #trumpcare both are poor plans
That is total BS from a guy that has become a real BS'r. We'll vote you out soon. Good riddance.
@PattyArquette  To be honest,  you didn't offer.  Time to draft the bill for #medicare4all !
You are so inspirational! The ACA was a first step and we need to build on that foundation, not repeal. Thank you!
@Dragonwitch Its a shame that third world countries have better coverag than USA. That is real #prolife
@Dragonwitch They don't have to ask... You are not there to bicker back and forth, buy there for Americans who need better coverag
That means the GOP OWNS IT in 2018!
because you already demonstrated your incompetence with Obama Care

Kaine-U would have won if u had a better running mate!
@karlas_sweet hmmm-they just forgot to include it??The bill would be fixed in a nano second if u had to join
Stupid excuse DJT. Why would Dems kill ACA when it's all that's available? Also, House is Rep controlled & should have enuf votes.
insurance premia have to be that high if costs (especially salaries of doctors) are so high and doctors abuse the system
keep barking like a chihuahua. "They didn't ask" my rumpus. You Dems changed the locks to keep Reps out of the ObamaCare meetings.
@PattyArquette is your son out of jail yet.
please take the highroad with the Republicans to improve healthcare. We are so divided it's frightening.
The Ds do nothing but obstruct. Ask the Botox Queen. If you tried to work WITH #Trump - great. But you just whine.
@realDonaldTrump was supposed to be a "deal maker"!  Can't make deals if you don't talk to people!
Senator Tim Kaine .. Nunes looks to be compromised.
@luvmom8702 Yes, I must have missed the part where he invited over all the Democrats and solicited their help.
@Morgalisa or senator.
@Morgalisa Democrats aren't the party of the people. They're the enemies of the people. You should have never been my governor
@Morgalisa except Obamacare took away healthcare and fining people for not having unaffordable healthcare under your plan.
D's need to embrace #SinglePayer before they're wiped out of existence
Why didn't you put this in original bill if you are so good? Keep dragging your feet and own up to bad OBAMACARE
That's dumb and why @HillaryClinton lost. #obama Crap shoved down our throat w/o Rep. D's had 8 yrs. to lower drug price. @POTUS
if you really had ideas, you should have rolled them out 7 years ago!

Senator, can we write a bill to fix these problems!  Let's do it! Can I help?
Right because my sister LOVES to pay $500/ mth w/ $3000 deductible under Obamacare.
Thank God the Republican Health Care Act is dead. It would have caused untold suffering & despair for millions of Americans
A cruel fraud of billionaire tax relief called "healthcare" for the rubes. Any Dem voting for it = expelled from party
Lying will get you no where. Your team said from beginning you were going against all republican &Trump agendas. No vote was known
