Americans prefer Obamacare over GOP plan to replace it by a 2-1 margin, new @ABC News/WaPo poll finds. http://abcn.ws/2tgPEDA  
No must be repealed. Hang it around the necks of democrats. They are responsible for Obamacare and all its failures.
They're not. you're being divisive and deliberately obtuse. You won't be able to afford to take care of your family if it's repealed.
There is nowhere in the Constitution a requirement or even an allowance for 
using tax dollars for HEALTHCARE
Promote the general welfare?
Agreed but will the gop place US before party
We tried to tell you to not to vote for obomacare. I know you did not listen
Bot
Conservatives have never supported public service for all Americans.
Until they need it. Boy are they gonna be sorry
They better listen to their constituents and #Repeal as directed or they'll be out right along with you in 2018, 2020.
How will you afford healthcare for your family if it is repealed?
Much easier. We won't be paying yours as well as our own. Evidently you haven't been paying attention. That'll be some wake-up call for you.
You don't pay for mine. I pay for mine. And I'm happy to pay a little more to help others. Because I believe in helping people in need.
The hell you do. Those paying triple premiums/deductibles, pay the difference between what you pay and the actual cost of yours insurance.
The hell I don't.
You're about to get a rude awakening. Good luck to you!
No
But what do the Democrats have to offer the GOP?  Their only alternative is single-payer, which the GOP won't go for.
Both sides should work on a best practices solution. Together. Collaborate as congress is supposed to. It's crazy.
They should, but they won't.  Congress has become a zero-sum game.  You can't win unless the other side loses.
Exactly. They make up claims the other side is guilty of or try to sink the other guys bill. We need this to stop, and vote out the players
Perhaps the American ppl should've listened to you & Hillary.
For another 4 years of no progress and blame the other guy.... Are you sure about that?
Seems @JJFan18 blocked me and called me a troll. Guess she supports the mind set that's causing democrats to lose.
Taxpayers, here it is again, "drop the repeal effort". This is exactly why there has not been progress in the HC replacement. Obstructionist
Come on Mr Kaine...,.  Now you're just making sense!!!
.@timkaine True. Are you going to support Wray for FBI? Did you know he's done work for Russia's Rosneft? Then scrubbed it from his site?
And if not, agree to drop their coverage as well. Forgive me, Tim, if I no longer feel like paying for your healthcare when mine is stolen.
Reps should have worked with dems from the start to make Obama care better. They resisted. Acted like spoiled kids not getting their way.
GOP was voted in to repeal and replace.
#russianbot
@ABC haven't you and the Democrats hurt the ppl really paying the bills, you can't borrow your way out,
Are you a Russian troll?
The coastal elite do not represent all Americans
Neither do the miners.
These are your typical everyday Americans right here
You seem to be missing a few coasts. But typical. STAY IN SCHOOL, KIDS.
What coasts am I missing
It's a matter of time, Senator, before the American people stand & let democrats know in no uncertain terms, what they want - Full repeal.
Senator, We elected @POTUS to repeal #obamacare .. The #RNC is doing as we want them too.
Same polls that Clinton would win the election 92%. Worthless. Full repeal now.
Stop making this claim. Dems refused to fix anything the last 6 years
Medicare For All !!!!   It's past Time.
Listen to the Virginian, REPEAL Obamacare now!!!!
That, Tim, I like to hear from you. 
Majority of Citizens will be negatively affected by current GOP health care plan.
@ABC they do not care to listen 2 the people as GOP  only working for special interest & 1% at the expense of the people!
If you had not passed a broken Obamacare there would be nothing to fix. Just a solution to lower the cost of healthcare.
Just like everything else. Work to make it better. GOP wouldn't do that. What if you still had your 1st cell phone? No changes.
GOP leaders *and* Democratic Senators should listen to the American people
Drinking the kool aide

Agreed. But the problem is, they are not listening to us or the medical or insurance industries. No idea who their experts are.
Why is McConnell so stubborn about this?  Maybe if he would call it ACA instead of using Obama's name they could move forward
Yes
But it is like they won't even listen to the people. Instead they are jockeying for power and votes. This is so crazy!
We did that. We got #Obamacare. Forget it.
Sorry Tim.   That's the GOP party.  The bastards that died a long time ago.
Does anybody understand why people not listened to?
@ABC would Dems plus the  5 or so Rs that don't like GOP plan have the votes to pass an alternate?
I can guarantee they didn't ask me
You should cash in your chips & tuck it & run. #GameOver #PrideBeforeTheFall #TooBlindToSee
The GOPs constituents want the repeal more than another band-Aid
Thank you for speaking common sense proud you are my senator!
Why don't the Republicans listen???
Why did Dems and Obama force this crap on us? Why didn't you "fix" it on the front end?
Senator, what do you think of paper ballots in 2018?
So Timothy are you all caught up in the Fake News Media! Haha you are dumber than I thought!
Bravo, he has liv d in 2 states. That would tolerat him, stupidly! Alabama and Kentucky!
Agreed
Did ABC use a fair sampling of adults for this poll? Registered voters from both parties, no illegal aliens? Don't trust ABC or u
both are dweebs
But they won't. They are only interested in what their corporate paymasters want, not what people want.
#ObamaCare #HealthCare
Funny how you now want gift to listen to the people. What changed?  Oh yea you lost
NO!!!! NOT trumpeter plan it's evil !!!!!
@ABC even Cain in the bible had followers ! They all had a murderous spirit, just as the Democrats keep hating & murdering.
TheyR tone deaf, they don't anything! Except chi-ching! of taxpayer dollars!
Straight repeal first, then start from scratch.
Yeah, they won't be able to afford that. It's a dumb plan that will cost lives.
GOP stop your hidious health !!!!!
Something in writing published to the internet to @SenateMajLdr may stop that propaganda they are spreading.
That would be the logical thing to do. However, the GOP does not represent the wishes their constituents.
So even though Democrats haven't proposed one fix in 6 years, you blame the gop. Interesting
All I hear is the Republicans saying that the Dems won't work with them. I do not hear enough of "Respectfully, that is not true"
The voice of reason, Thank you Senator Kaine for everything you are doing for us. Usted hubiera sido un gran Vice-presidente Gracias
He's a moron. Democrats gave us the ACH.  Horrible health insurance.  Failing at every level. Taxpayers must not pay out Obamacare.
Republicans cry that this is an "unsustainable mess" but what is ironic is that they came up with an even worse plan. #InItForThemselves
So right
When are you elitists going to use the same health care as the rest of us.
Nooop !!! Certainly not all  !!!!!!!!
Please put forth a bill that would make the fixes needed even if the @GOP rejects it. Be FOR something not just against something. #PLEASE
They're only listening to the dark money sadly
GOP simply does not want to accept Pres Obama success in estab that US citizens have right to health care-see this last chance to stop it.
Thank you for fighting for us  Soooo scared we will all lose health coverage.
Democrats put us in this mess with a plan that was not sustainable and Americans are tired of the Dem solution of throw more money at it
start working with American people - stop working with the Russians
Why didn't the Dems listen to the American people on the ACA when it was overwhelmingly opposed?
You should stop making pizza that tastes like doodoo, Mr. Cain.
You've lost your mind clown

