sounds like Obama's ACA
ACA was a great start and not tough to fix if remove politics. In Ma and Washington state it is successful.
It's working in MN, too! NOT PERFECT, but neither was any other major program when it first started! REVISE ACA
For-profit insurance companies have NO incentive to regulate cost or insure sick people. They're "middle-men" only ADDING to cost.
Insurance companies contribute NOTHING to actual healthcare and are universally HATED by caregivers & patients alike.
- single payer- remove the cooperate greed!
cbo is worthless, much like you
I never want to hear the term 'pro life ' again. These people are 'pro birth', then too darn bad. Dare I say  'pro death '????
pro choice to murder innocent babies is what it is.
pro-choice is none of anyone else's business but the woman making the decision.
agree, and yet there was a room full of white men deciding on our Healthcare.
those men shouldn't be deciding.  It's a state level issue not federal
where are the women or don't we count?
*This* is the real Death Panel.

Worse the GOP had 7 years to plan a replacement bill and this was the best they could do???
More Americans will die prematurely from AHCA then were killed in WWI and WWII combined due to lack of preventative care alone.
shocker its a  republican bill
Awful
Yep. Gonna be great. The best health care. Nothing better anywhere.
HRC said " not on my watch" " I"m not going to let them rip it up" it's up to everyone to take up her words and protect yr health
Please fight against this Trumpcare if it makes it to the Senate. Thanks Senator Kaine!
@thom5g Rep. Luke Messer voted yes. Tell him Indiana will vote him out. #NoAHCA #Trumprussia #russiagate #Nunesmustgo #RESISTANCE
STAND STRONG Resist !
Such dishonesty.  Obamacare ruined our Heath system and must be repealed. Government needs to stay out of my healthcare.
@EllenOTauscher Why aren't Dems screaming this  is simply a plan to kill Americans so @SpeakerRyan can give 1% a tax break?
@ebpersons
Will plutocracy transform America from pyramid to pentagram?

I'm not the only one that sees the irony that the words trump and care are together, right? #TrumpCare
What we have in this country is PROFITcare - NOT healthcare - which is what other developed countries have.
CBO is the East Anglia University of govt scoring.
@nytimes @MaddowBlog DON'T LET YOUR CONGRESSMAN VOTE FOR TRUMP CARE, ITS NOT INS.,  ITS  WORTHLESS. READ WHAT THEY ARE ELIMINATING
Senator kaine..we don't care.
.@timkaine 
Hi, Tim Kaine. wish you were VP.
gorsuch ruled against the truck driver who almost died in minus 14 degree weather was that truck co at trumps meeting??
From what they showed in a clip today on msnbc, yes.
ACA kept people I love alive. Thank you for your hard work to support it!
And worse they tried to get it passed before the release of the CBO scores...defend that Trumpkins.
you can not get real healthcare reforms from a budget reconciliation..It just won't do. Too blunt an object.
stop voting for awful republican nominees!
Can we remind everyone that this HEALTH CARE vote is about PEOPLE NOT POLITICS. Fix it and get it right, that's all.
.@pattyGradi @timkaine you are right #Trumpcare will make a lot of PEOPLE unhealthy.
go away ah.
@AtticusinCanada Enjoying the boos that dominate the town halls over ChumpCare.It makes up4the demonizationGOP put upon ACA.
And the demonization the firebaggers put on ACA too. I hope they like this mess better???
Fox trashed ACA,when no 1knew what it was.McConnell,House GOP vilified it2scraming rednecks,whoNow knowWhat it is
I'm more irritated with the purity coalition who sat out the mid terms because ACA wasn't single payer ....YET!
Greed always overtakes some group within the Democratic coalition.Together we get power+change what is practical.
I think Dems, the base are fairly powerful. I just want them to really listen2 who that base is. Black women especially
@NegronDoc Is this America? woke up January 20,2017 our country changed! What has happened to our great country? Love trumps hate!
The deplorables took it back.
thanks tim no vote to confirn gorsuch do you think the truck co. that fired the guy who almost froze to death was there
@Rosie I am not pleased that you voted for many of Trump cabinet members
#trumpdontcare
@davidpsdem GOP says ObamaCare health coverage is bad, and not to be outdone by a black man, they have to make it even worse!
@bk_pitt they don't care about anyone but themselves!
Thank you Sen Kaine for remembering to fight for America and her values.  Thank you for all you do for us.
If you have conscience, don't pass this.  Why would Americans want less 4more$?  Trump only wants to help wealthy.  Vote NO!
feel free to tell @BarbaraComstock  this. She’s apparently not concerned that her constituents like #ACA
Senator, @HouseGOP  need to be available to and listen to their constituents. #district8mo reaching out for help. NO on #AHCA
Apologize to Bernie
@realDonaldTrump finding out that healthcare is complex and that closing a deal on this isn't like selling real estate to Russians
YES but the republicans say theCBO is wrong. How do we counter that?
So when are we shutting these goons down SenKaine? NO voting NO nominations NO security clearances until Russia resolved
So the CBO issues a more bleak report on this "Bigly" consequential piece of legislation & they are going to try&cram it through?
@LisaClaire9090   Republicans aka The Swamp!
I don't understand why there is a tax break at all in a Heathcare bill.
Then it satisfies the GOP's requirements because the primary purpose of the bill is the huge tax cut for billionaires.
Certainly not a surprise..chances of passage are way down because so many in GOP don't want Obamacare to be replaced
@realDonaldTrump
CoKaine Merkinbrows U will be in Gitmo with Slick Willie, Obunghole, & Podesta!
#MAGA
@dawnporterm now that I see what you said abt it, I'm sure it must be a good heath care plan.  Thanks for clearing that up.
/ Just what the taxpayers Figured
Rep. Massie just posted: The updated total at the end of today is 655 calls against the AHCA, only 38 in favor.
- sure he's crushed, thanks for the heads up
@RepGoodlatte @RepComstock  Do Republicans hate Americans? Sure seems like it to 99% of us who will suffer under AHCA. Vote NO!
good
@Rosie @GOP is hell bent on ruining health care 4 the Amer ppl just so they can say they did. Hurting & killing ppl doesn't matter

was the CBO correct about obamacare-NO....so why trust CBO, not unbiased
Keep fighting for us! #resist #SavetheACA
you mean obamacare jackass. Have you always been a compulsive liar?
@Rosie
Way smarter than Trump. He's not being investigated by the FBI.
Americans need to wake up. Sometimes they don't till it hits home, then it's too late !
#SaveTheACA
@Rosie should have backed  bernie
@Rosie that shitty bill is all ryan
.@timkaine So it's more of Obamacare. Got it.
Probably worse than the last score since the Freedom caucus is holding up the vote - they want full repeal no replace.
@Rosie what a shocker!!!
@Rosie #TrumpCare sucks so much, it created a singularity in the House that seems to have sucked out Devin Nunes' brain
@theonlyadult how?
Just like he promised all those folks across mid-America. Will insurance be required to cover Snake Oil prescriptions?
If u always known, then why in the hell didn't u get off ur ass n assist to give the best healthcare possible, no wonder Dems lost
What TRUMPCARE would do is KILL millions of innocent people. The Freedom Caucus wants even less for citizens=DANGEROUS
& really will condem poor to a horrific early death...Is breast cancer..God!
It is Pride that has them quickly putting forth a replacement because they promised Repeal & Replace.
No matter how bad the bill they are being pressured to pass the bill. Voting No against AHCA is right choice
You're not in prison yet?
I thought you've said all along Obama care was not a tax
you voted for BarryCare, you are at fault for destroying jobs in VA
It's still a no win for the majority of Americans. we need you and all who will promote truth and honesty. We are tired of this
you guys should have won.
the GOP is mean spirited and have unamerican values
tax breaks and doing away with help for healthcare we bailed out the financial crisis now their making money we're disposable
of course. What else would they come up with?
We need to fix ACA & dump Trumpcare! It's going to be "disastrous, believe me!"
GOP threatening people to vote for when they know is BAD for people. How far will they go to intimidate their own members?
The ones that stand against this will care better in 2018 than those who vote to hurt their people... Guarented!
#TRyanCare
it's only the first of many steps that the GOP is making to put working Americans over a barrel.
GOP greed fest. The GOP members are selling votes to Koch bros. - Mercer family- or highest bidder from other dark money
Thank you. Keep putting pressure on those reckless Republicans
I knew it!! They just want to push it through not caring about  Americansl need lower deductibles ,copays affordable premiums!
please continue to resist and oppose #trumpcare we must do better if we are going to change things
I guess Tim Kaine is just to ignorant to see why
Call it Trumps Wealth Care Act
It is the #GOPpopulationReductionPlan. No poor & elderly "sponges"=plenty of jobs & lower taxes.
Who are those guys working for? The insurance companies or their constituents? Keep on 'em sir! @SenAlFrank @realDonaldTrump
shut it down!!
A plan not good enuf 4moderates, not hateful enuf 4conservatives, nobody likes it. But, that billionaire tax break's compelling...
Be quiet .....we know all about you...a failed Senator
this isn't how one makes america great again. this is not how to unite americans, either. potus has no ability to govern.
less affordable health care can mean people's lives. How much is a life worth?
Can someone please tell me why the entire GOP is so selfishly evil?
then why would he want to pass it? I don't understand? Why raise costs and cover less?
this mess belongs to the Dems.  Should have read the bill first
JUST SAY NO!!!
I'm (not) shocked.  (Not) Shocked I tell you.  Who saw that coming?  Anyone with more than to brain cells to rub together.
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP America is outraged at @GOP Health care plan.  Serves the rich. Kicks the poor aside,  despicable
Terrible bill that will cause untold suffering. How callous can Republicans be?  Very.
And the poor people of Missouri have a governor who wants trump care passed. Missouri going the way of Kansas.
We're screwed in Missouri!
@qotdu1827
But it was going to be "such an easy fix" for the Trump Adminstration. What happened to that. #governingisharderthancampaigning
I hope you never have to vote on it, but glad to know I can count on you to #resist
Not to mention morally bankrupt.
still spreading lies huh?
No he just knows how to read and be truthful. More people should try it.
