Start fighting dirty like the republicans before everything is taken from us.McCain is no hero he is a weak man &got the strength to vote no
Barbara,  you are so right. Dems have to play dirty and stop catering to donors. Fight for the rights of all Americans.
Thank you crying all afternoon for all of those who can't fight back. I am so sad
45 is pushng this so hard right now to divert attention & action on the sanctions legislation
What have you done the last 8 years.
The DEMS want single payer!  If the govt provides your healthcare, they can decide what you pay & receive. #HealthCareVote #HealthcareBill
Is Obamacare broken????
Because for the last 3 years you Libs have been saying it was great.
It's good (& better than what came before by a huge margin), but it could still be better.
You have to come through for my mom Senator. 85 yrs. old. Alzheimer's. In Medicaid supported memory unit.
- your constituent in Norfolk
You all had 8 years, why wasn't  it done then?
http://www.freedomworks.org/content/fewer-health-insurers-are-participating-obamacare-exchanges …
What about the Drug industry?  Sold enough opioids to medicate "every" American 4 3wks, around the clock?  Cost 2 HC 45B!  Punish them 300B.
So explain that to your boss
This has never been about actual healthcare for Trump nor 48% in Senate /House. It's a cash grab for Rs and for Trump, a monument toppling.
They can't shoot or gas us so they're choosing Malignant Indifference,  we're to die by neglect
Single-payer health insurance. Reinvent the healthcare delivery system.
But will you have that chance??  Or will it be "pass ANYTHING to move past this"!
Yeah the GOP had 7 years.  Good luck wid dat.
So, you are going to vote yes to start the debate.
Does it hurt the spot where your soul should be that @timkaine & @MarkWarner are voting for we the people?
Riigghhtttt. The other 50% of the Senate are voting for the other half of the population that is equally as important as you feel you are.
So that's a "yes". Got it
My soul is just fine.  All the vote was for was opening up for debate. Maybe go watch what Senator McCain is saying right now. #persistence
McCain gave up his soul. But I find it amusing how quickly you go from bashing him  to praising him
Oh keep grasping at straws. I've not bashed him. Go resist/obstruct some where else dude. Maybe buy yourself some ice cream to feel better?
Govt oversight is needed period! Why, 4 profit medicine mixed with 4 profit insurance has been out control for decades. ACA was a start!
You fucked up VA, Medicare, and Medicaid. But "we can get this right." You couldn't run a lemonade stand.
We can! In fact, we could have gotten it right 7 years ago if @GOP had had their constituents in mind vs. pleasing their donors
It's going to be a full, time concerted effort to keep us from WW3. Health care? Oh boy. Good one!
Why didn't u take the time 8 years ago and get it right? Did the puppet master not let u??
Please Mr. Kaine push for Universal Care!! Get big pharma and insurance companies to stop owning the Republican party!
So we will never get this right. Got it.
You mean like how #ACA took time?
They don't want to get this right, they want poor, disabled and poor elderly dead, we are a waste of resources to them
Sounds good. Kinda like communism
I seriously doubt it. The "right" solution is Universal Single Payer. The rest of the modern world knows this yet our Senate remains blind.
So you are saying ohbumbo's care was wrong? Finally we agree in something.
That's right.  Clean repeal.  Take two years to re-work.
Made more sence then the GOP senators in 14 words It's a problem because no one is talking GOP keeps forcing pain on its constituents
You're just being silly now. That will never happen.
Which is why we repeal today and start fresh
8 years after passing the ACA with no GOP votes you want to fix it.  There would be no repeal and replace if you had.  Good luck.
where r the no votes how can u debate amendments to come if there is no bill to look at damnit lets stop this disaster
Like you got it wrong in 2010? The public has a severe lack of trust with #CareerPoliticians.
Like when you passed it the first time without reading it...that worked soooo well
Exactly! Why can't others see that?
Amen Senator Kaine!
Gop & Dems.must unite to repair ACA
#GOP is too intimidated by Trump they rather take a chance in taking our healthcare than risk Trumps fury.#Jellybacks
Thank you for knowing this! Fight on!
Rep won election. Trump is POTUS! Dem should work w Rep. But you all just block w NO! You want Rep to work w you, work w Rep!
You took 18 months to get it completely wrong. No effort to fix it in 6 years.
The @GOP seems to have no desire to doing it right, just to erase Obama's name and legacy
please lobby the GOP and beg them to vote NO.
Yes but I think Republicans do not care about people having health care. Their behavior makes me angry and very sad. Resist.
The same time health care deserved when you guys put in the ACA?
Like you did with ACA. We should trust you now? @SenateGOP you weasels are having trouble beating this? #FECKLESS we need #betterbuttheads
The Huge Tax Cut they want has to be funded from somewhere. This is the least painful to their Big Donors.
If only there were other countries you could learn from.

And it is going to TAKE TIME. I wish they would quit trying to shove a pile of crap down our throats just to pass SOMETHING. Work together!
You should have tried that when you guys were in charge 
That's why Mr. Cheeto is pushing to get this passed!! He don't want no one to take the time because it has OBAMA on it!!!
.@SenSchumer #CensureMcConnell for shameful suborning votes as party loyalty oath. Uphold Senate tradition of open lawmaking for public good
Have you spoken with your @GOP counter parts? How can they justify taking healthcare away? Convince them!!!!
Why now @timkaine? You had chance the 1st time to get it right, you didn't. Oh that's right, you had to pass the bill to know what's in it
Tim why wasn't this addressed during the last eight years? Do you really this American trust the Dem's? Obamacare was bad out the gate.
You make sense. That is so refreshing
Hi Tim. Please go extreme in getting Trump out.  Nothing's more important, including healthcare.  BTW, you're the best.
So how do you get that message through to @GOP?
They don't want to get this "healthcare" bill right. Want a win and tax breaks for themselves and their donors. They don't care about people
Medicare for All is only acceptable path forward. GOP will never, DEMs - perhaps. Senator Tim Kaine??
The DNC needs to solidify on Medicare for All. That is 100% missing from their diluted new slogan as is sensible tax reform and immigration.
thank you for everything you've done to protect American healthcare.
Government in healthcare kills people! No carpetbagger Tim go away!
VERY positive message here. Even I can get behind this tweet.
It was right when S.S. had 78 pages for medicare and the taxpayers had choices. People could buy what they wanted once.
Is it the disaster that is crash & burn #Obamacare? U call that a #BetterDeal? Estás muy equivocado. @Scaramucci @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs
You mean single payer? Pass
GOP is not looking to get it right. They're looking to take it away & make themselves richer.
#MediCareForAll is easy!
Just remove these 3 words "65 and older" from all Medicare legislation.
You had 8 years to get this right.  Obamacare passed with lies.  It's time to take our country and healthcare back
Ur definition of taking the country and healthcare back is making sure millions of Americans are without coverage? Empathy, look it up hun.
Senator, We need a return to Regular Order. No more rushing! It's only an "emergency" because Trump desperately needs a win.
is all the time that you were thinking with obama to come up with this obamacare not enough?
So many Americans want access to health care. @GOP should recognize this issue won't go away. Time to work together toward a solution.
GOP doesn't want to get it right

Because they don't believe poor, sick and middle class should BE part of the United States
Trump doesn't care about anything. He's in and he's got the power. He's in no hurry to provide a decent healthcare bill...
The voice of reason for success of a complicated issue.  Thank You!

15 million people losing their healthcare insurance is not a drop in the bucket. McConnell doesn't care how many people he hurt's.
Thank you for your leadership & for understanding that millions of lives like many in my family depend upon affordable healthcare!
we have to get it right. To much at stake.
All democrats should just walk out of senate chamber. Let it sink for them too then work together.
May I recommend a national health service? Come and look at ours.
Exactly, thank you.
time is not a commodity   especially with politions that seldom work anyway
If they truly want to "make America Great Again" , start by helping secure the health of Americans. And that means ALL Americans.
Why did @HouseDemocrats hire?
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP should be told keeping @SenateDems out of the HCBill is slapping the faces of Americans! Democrats & Independent voters


Millions of lives + 1/6 of economy at stake. Deserve better than secrecy & procedural maneuvering. No on MTP. Yes on fix. Yes on Democracy.
Ah but that would require logic and compassion...
Why don't you tell us what you're voting on today? This isn't a football game. We all win or lose. @SenTomCotton @JohnBoozman #VoteNo
Yes. The bill needs to be read and debated. Thank you for standing firm.
Like 7 years???
The @GOP spent more time trying to repeal the ACA the past how many years?  The could have spent that time coming up with a solid plan...
But be honest Tim; it would be possible to fund and fix the ACA as promised; but you can't do that and give a trillion dollar tax cut.
Get out of healthcare. Not mentioned in the Constitution.
This has nothing to do with healthcare.  Republicans want to punish Americans for having a black president.  it is that simple.
Way out there wrong with that comment
LET EM KNOW! DOING THE DEVILS WORK, IS NOT GODS WILL! TAKEN HEALTH CARE FORM PEOPLE IN NEED  IS EVIL!
#ACA needs refining, not repealed. One thing not covered but should be, is proper dental care.
#SinglePayerNow people die while we wait
Most republican's time is running out
They want a win. GOP has no regard for people or getting it right. Very sad. Thank you Sen Kaine for working hard for hard working people.
Seems to me the Republicans have no interest in getting things right.
VOTE NO ON THE HEALTHCARE REPEAL VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO VOTE NO
Yes and include the expertise that's out there--the people who really understand the problems and are committed to good health care for all.
No doubt! How about collecting the nations finest providers (all disciplines) and having them contribute/write it?
Needs to be balanced approach from all stakeholders--good process, algorithms, data. . . .
Definitely agree. Unfortunately @realDonaldTrump doesn't understand data or evidence.
Instead it's all about settling scores 
The Rs don't care about getting it right - just want to do another thing to demonstrate their hatred of former Pres. Obama.
Opposing healthy school lunches is a great example of Obama hate Trumping logic
#Medicare for all
Not in this session. Nor, most likely, in my lifetime (but I'm old).
@SenateGOP this is what the majority of the American people want. We're getting whiplash with these tragic bills and false truths
not with the GOP in charge or with Trump in office
The people of the U.S. deserve nothing less than that. #VoteNoToTrumpCare
Then how come Godfather's Pizza tastes so bad? You've had years to fix that, Mr. Cain.

If you like your healthcare you can keep it! 
Medicare for All is only acceptable path forward. GOP will never.
