I'm disabled & live in Az. Just now found out I won't be getting state assist paying for meds anymore. In tears. Can't afford them.
Why?
Because I'm married now and our combined income is more then they allow. Their allowed income is ridiculously low, no one could live on it.
I see. Sucks so sorry for you
Thank you. I'm so pissed right now. We make barely enough to live and now this. If I could move out of this crappy country now I would.
Or to a blue state. I live in Wisconsin so I know about no Medicaid expansions
I live in Arizona because my 86 year old Mom lives here. I can't leave her. I'd move to Canada or UK if I could right now.
I can’t afford to live in either. Lol. Maybe Mexico I live better 
@timkaine You're not fighting for healthcare if you're not fighting for #Medicare4All so stop patting yourself on the back until you do!
Why do you take so many selfies?  Bwa ha ha
Your seat is up for grabs 2018. Fight for Puerto Rico
Do you ever listen to Pink Floyd? Their music is popular still. My 16 yr. old son and I are both fans.
Reduced tickets: Low Price Air
@timkaine righteous dude
What, no private jet? Just kidding, I know you would never do that!!
Rome burns and Obamacare slowly dies while Tim Kaine listens to music and tries to look cool with sunglasses on a train.
Which Who record?
Great job nothing got done
You mean battling against health care. You Dems already gave us a plan that went up 130% in 3 years in 39 states. while increasing premiums
Thanks for keeping it real. Appreciate your efforts on our behalf.
Thank you, Senator Kaine, for your decency and concern for those Americans who are underserved.
What?  No chartered plane?  Just kidding.
So blessed you are not our VP.  You might look cool but your pushing single payer healthcare is NOT!
Luv, luv, luv @TheWho too!  Thank u for not taking a private jet on our dime. Plz support Al Green this week & vote YES to IMPEACH DT!
Thank you for what you do. Keep on fighting for average Americans, not the rich 1%. also support impeachment against the ten year old in the oval office. Incompetence, incompetence, incompetence.
Yet he beat crooked Hillary and Kaine with the terrorist antifa son.
Oh whooptie doo
Oooo U r so cool!
@timkaine One Lynchburg family resting a bit easier.  So grateful for your help.
.@TimKaine: Hopefully listening to @OmnivoreRecords @BashNPop reissue of 'Friday Night is Killing Me'?
The way to go and good exemple for the billionaire colleagues I washington who@milk the taxpayers by using private government planes
Great job proud u my senator
Welcome back. Thanks for defending Virginians' healthcare. #RVA
*after committing crimes this week.
Fixed it for you.
Thank you sir for reasonable travel accommodations
A week of battling for healthcare put 9 million kids at risk without CHIPS healthcare.
Thank you. Keep up the good work, it truly is appreciated. And nice shades.
To get this country back on the road to Good Health Care set up a program similar to Hawaii require all employers to supply Health Care
Thank you! My family and I are trying to get to Richmond.
Dear Lord, I wish you were our VP. #ThanksForNothingDeplorables
your welcome, we saved you from yourselves.  So you have in income problem, this is the USA do somthing about it.  I work 3 jobs.
Keep up the good fight
Socialism isn't Answer 4 Aspiring working class Please Encourage Black Entrepreneurship onVa's Eastern Shore NelsoniaVa23414 Vote Northam
Enjoy your ride Mr. Vice President!

Stay in Richmond!
You took a train instead of a charter plane? How refreshing!! Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Thanks for taking the train like a normal person and not putting a chartered jet on our tab.
You are a pompous fool
You'll forever be known for raising a terrorist
Thank you. And now, children's insurance. Can it be saved?

ok dude...you are officially cool...
Still thank God u and Hilary r not in office.
No sublime??
We love you, Tim. Never change.
He's a public servant and doing Virginia proud. 
Thank you for not chartering a plane at R expense- but you would never even think of doing such a thing
Get rested up for the next round Senator! Thanks for fighting for all of US!
This is what real leaders do
I hear you!! #KeepFighting
Why is your ass not on a plane to Puerto Rico  to help? Oh, right.... that's what others do
The smug look of a member of the #altleft
Buses, trains, cars, commercial airlines! @maddow: 4/5 more cabinet heads flying private often for personal. Thieves! Throw the bums out!
Thank you for fighting for affordable health care. Please consider the Medicare for All bill, also.
Now you're cool!
-
Thank you Senator Would you mind finally impeachment papers on your way back? #TrumpImpeachmentParty
Send out a copy of @TheWho lyrics #wewontgetfooledagain to all the #voters who elected #GOP members of #Congress stealing their #healthcare
Thank you!
Thank you for all you do!
Cool. Are you listening to "We don't get fooled again?"
I still cry at what could've been
Transit, fuck yeah!
You Rock!
U Sir...R so cool!!!..blsck white red and yellow...abd all in between...
Thanks for saving taxpayers money.
Thank you so much for being down to earth and fighting to protect our care & our country.
Thanks for all you do!
Most corrupt evil face in politics.
bfd
Thank you for fighting for my wife's life.
What? No private plane?
....choice of music is fabulous as well!
Thank you!!
A least you are not one of the jet setter
Keep fighting
#TakingTheTrain, Kaine!  Thanks for your service, Senator.
Thank you Senator Kaine for your leadership.
To bite my tongue, or not bite my tongue...
Thanks...on the train! What a concept!! Like ethics!
Thank you for riding the train and not wasting taxpayer dollars on a private jet!
Check out Beth Orton's albums Comfort of Strangers and Sugaring Season.
Cool playlist!
Thank you.
I cry basically every day that you are not our Vice President. Thank you for your continued work to better our country.
Riding on the train?  No gold plated limo for you?  Or private plane?  Really?  Thank you for your service to your country, Senator Kaine.
Maybe I’ll see you on the Amtrak to/from DC some time! I have chronic illnesses and would love to thank you for fighting for health care!
No private jet Senator? Thank goodness!
Thank you!
Voting Timmy out in 2018
So you're not important enough to secure on of those private jets?
On the RF&P
Good one!  Not wasting taxpayer dollars.
You should have jumped on a private jet. Everyone is doing it.
Thank you for traveling politically correct!
What ?...the train ? The regular, good old commercial 
toot toot train ?     
Did you bail your domestic terrorist son yet for his antifa antics?
Wait, no private jets? I’m shocked! Dont @gop always acuse Dems of wasting $?
Really, while BLM has denied me healthcare since 2011 in south carolina.
Thanks for foregoing the #charterflight from Richmond! #tomprice #MnuchinEclipse #taxpayermoney #idiocy
2020

Stay strong for CHIP please.
god
Thank you for your public service (and public transportation). 
Why do you get subsidies for Healthcare when normal people don’t?
SENATOR YOU LOOK SO COMFORTABLE AND COOL!
Hope u have an adult beverage
What, no private jet?
What you did not fly a private jet, lol That is why we love you !
In AZ. Follow you. You are so connected. You are boots on the ground legislator in touch w/people. Hoping we can elect one like you in 2018.
Failed candidate!
I thought you would mix in U2 we will do healthcare "with or without you"
But sir, don't all government guys get to fly in chartered jets? Pssst, you're surrounded by the commoners. 
He's got a private car ALL To Himself & his Armed Security Staff, Wonder How Much That Costs?  White Privilege at Its Best !  SMDH
That’s not a private train, is it Senator? Inquiring minds want to know.
What, no private jet? :-)
Why didn't you charter a plane?
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting
Should had that the first time and you would still have a job
Gag. #Loser #TheEyebrow
i saw the who do tommy at merriweather post pav in 70s.
I remember so many of @BarackObama staff riding the train as well. #responsible
Dude I so wish you were Veep right now instead of  the incompetent twits in there currently
Thank you for all the work and the leadership to see that Virginians have healthcare!   You are AWESOME!
Thank you!
Rest up because you know they will try again
And coming soon, the 'Mats "Live at Maxwell's" !
What? No luxury charter??! It’s ALL the rage, Mr. Kaine.
Thank you, Senator,
Been smiling & Dialing
Calling local newspapers in Rep States
We stand beside you, xx
Thanks Senator Kaine! Looking cool with your shades on the train! Hope you have Security on the train!
Why aren't you taking a private plane on the tax payers dime?  Seems to be all the rage these days!
Wow, nice selfie.  I wouldn't have recognized you in person.  Thank you for working tirelessly for all of us.  SMH What could have been.
Where's your private jet?
well played sir!!
You didn’t take a private Jet????
This week my soundtrack including "People are Crazy" by Billy Currington and "Shine on You Crazy Diamond" by Pink Floyd. Can you guess what sort of week I had? Enjoy your music and the rest of the weekend!
Keywords: "on the train"
Senator, how on earth does a country our size not put more $$ into high speed train travel?  cc @Amtrak @AmtrakVA
I would love to read your comments when Obamacare explode in the near future. You will probably drive or walk back to Richmond.
Wait. Like Tommy Stinson's bash and pop?

Am proud to call you and @MarkWarner my Senators.

Thank You as always.  Keep working for us. Scary times.
Whooop Whooop 
Donald deleted his tweets back to March ... can we delete him back before January 
Wrong #realDonaldTrump...   oops ... can not stand two
That doesn’t look like a private jet.  What kind of politician are you?  
Thank you!
Thanks for not chartering a private plane...
Leading by example.
Put some #RVA on that playlist Mr. Councilman, Mayor, Governor, Senator, VP Nominee!
Any word on funding for CHIP? Today is the day right?
No private jet, @timkaine ??  hehehehe
No private Jet for this guy. You're the man Kaine!!
No charter planes available?  Thanks for all you do!  
What are you doing about #CHIP (Children’s Health Insurance Plan) funding expires today. 9 million CHILDREN will lose health insurance.
Thank you.
Dad
That's so special
Thank you Sir!
Rock on sir. Wishing you were Veep right now.
TY!i have amazing health insurance, recently needed mammogram,sonogram, biopsy. 2k+ out of pocket. im 35. can't imagine others without.
Train?
Can't you hitch a ride on a private jet?
Hell of a lot of them flying around.
Night nite Timmy
I love this pic.
Thank you for your continuing hard work and for taking the train!  Besides, trains are so much more relaxing 
You don't fly?
They don't let you use a private jet for that? Talk to Secretary Price... He can probably hook you up.  Oh, wait.

This is dumb.
Thanks for helping keep it sane in DC, Senator.
No private jet???
