Virginians historically respects the "LAW". VA lawmakers should make rational decisions and not EMOTIONAL.
Remember: JW revealed docs showing DHS abandoned background checks to meet amnesty requests from Obama #DACA order. http://jwatch.us/KB5PuM  
why do you not get it, #DACA is a 2 year deferred program. It was not for life! Kaine it's your job now to step up
and do your job! @realDonaldTrump could of revoked all of it and started deporting people based on them not doing
what they were suppose to do. Which is start becoming US Citizens. @TheDemocrats want to play Trump
because The #AltLeft doesn't want to their JOBS and create a law by working with @GOP
Is unemployment 0% in VA.  No it's not how is hurting your economy quit giving hand outs. We can not afford it
Do you feel that way about every illegal act?  It's heartless to punish the criminal??  Thank god you and the other criminal lost!
Then let them apply for green cards like every other legal immigrant
Obama himself said DACA was "temporary." When did you think it this ridiculously unconstitutional directive should have ended?
And bad for your pocket book? Politicians are ALWAYS for things that make them rich and fuck the American people!
Except the folks in question aren't American
Another thing that is heartless is not supporting Single payer healthcare. https://twitter.com/JStein_Vox/status/907362134652280833 … 
No wonder you and Hillary lost.
.@timkaine pretty much rules out getting on single-payer bill, tells me and @PeterSullivan4 he prefers more choice in marketplace
if you were in the real world putz you would be getting rid of data because you & your family were paying for it!
Heartless is attempting to have an Innocent  Autism Spectrum 5 year old Baby Girl placed in NJ Foster Care System! Tim you will be unseated!
It's terrible to treat kids this way...oh that's right, most these dreamers are adults now.  Time to grow up I guess
What does he know about raising kids anyways. His son is a fascist thug
ending the unconstitutional Executive Order required Congressional action.  6 months to make legal/permanent.
DACA is an unconstitutional executive order. How can you call yourself a Senator? @realDonaldTrump is the only person following constitution
Against the law. But you knew that. Don't care I guess.
At what point will you care 4 the best interests of those who elected you? Illegals don't have the right to vote. It's high time for recall
failing to denounce antifa is heartless and spits in the face of their victims.

YES!
saying you don't know enough about ANTIFA is heartless.

Don't want to lose slave labor?
stupid statement from antifa supporter un American. Who is funding u Soros?isis? Clintons illegal earings. Ur the swamp.
You need dreamers cuz your son is a nightmare.
Obviously gaining Democratic votes from giving amnesty to #Dreamers is more important than following the law. SICK!
Many people sitting on welfare that can do those jobs
If you don't denounce #Antifa then you stand with these, now classified as, "domestic terrorist"
militant Hitler hate group
Heartless?? While homeless veterans can't get proper care? And millions are unemployed? Other countries are to blame. Must help their own!
You must be getting tired of being WRONG?
#libtards #MAGA
ENDING DACA IS AWESOME AND U WERE VOTED IN BY ILLEGALS SO U BETTER CRY
Got no one to pick yer cotton now, boss? #DACA
It is. So is the car tax.
Sen. Tim Kaine has decided to choose illegal aliens over his own constituents, when does he come up for reelection? Remember if out of work.
I guess Hillary was pretty racist and heartless
DACA is illegal and saying revoking it is heartless is a joke.  Let Congress fix it?  You are in Congress aren't you?
Then why didn't u do something yrs ago when u had majority n house/senate. Quit whining!
booho! All you Evil liberals care about is wasting taxpayers $ on illegals for free stuff so they vote for evil!
Your very existence is tied to seeing bad in everything this president does or says. No, you Senators do your JOB now. Not a Caesar Obama.
There are plenty of Virginian who want those jobs. But you and your special interest donors don't want to do anything but line your pockets!
They are doing it because they know giving amnesty to #Dreamers will lead to most voting Democrat for giving them citizenship.
Dear Sen Kaine, we Want The Money Congress Took from Social Security Put Back, Social Security isn't Broken, Congress IS
Starting DACA was heartless. You should have done your job as a Senator and pass legislation to do it the right way.
You know kaine, you are an Antifa pot stirrer.   Daca is Your job, not trumps.  Go to work and stop being an anarchist.
Makes sense
Tim the truth will come out at some point...
The democrats were bad for the economy of rural Va.NAFTA sent thousands of jobs overseas and open borders turned  rural Va into narco bases.
This is soooooo not even close to true. You do understand what countries NAFTA covers right?

Also fix Dreamer loop hole
It was not lawful and congress needs to fix it. Fill the jobs with Americans besides vote frad and bad apps
https://twitter.com/NewtTrump/status/906184679128256512 …
Starting #DACA was unconstitutional.
You clear didn't bother to read the article

Why is your son a thug? Why does he march with masked losers that carry hammer and sickle flags?
IT'S ALSO BAD TO HIRE FOREIGNER IT WORKERS FROM PAKISTAN THAT ARE NOT PROPERLY VETTED AND GIVE THE ACCESS TO TOP SECRET INFO THEY CAN STEAL
IT'S BAD FOR NATIONAL SECURITY TO PUT TOP SECRET INFO ON UNAUTHORIZED, UNENCRYPTED SERVER IN A BATHROOM CLOSET
If I were u Timmy I'd quit the tweeting and get my ass to work on DACA LAW u got 6 months.by the way,2018 campaigns 4 25 seats starts n 5m
5 months. Doesn't matter DNC has no money and people aren't donating. Ur going to lose 15 seats and then we won't even need u n Washington
When will u respect USA laws?Dems.lost because of Obama,Hillary and you too many mistakes.DACA 100% unconstitutional! Get it once & for all.
So if you raise your son to be a domestic terrorist how  can you make rational logical economical feasible decisions for your constituents
Thats funny... 
#Democrats don't care about economy.
Uh yeah we really do
#LiesITellMyself
Keep on with your pro DACA post. Look at the red in Va. the state you're suppose to rep. Your mindset of VP of USA is done. We VOTE too!
Quit crying ya snowflake.
Lol. I'm sure you're in your safe space
Yep I'm at my NRA meeting right now.
Cool, me too!
#SafeSpaceBros
Can't find their 2016 Presidential endorsement. Did you guys get it or did they abstain? If so, they are complicit in Trump's doings.
ANTI First Amendment thugs like your son who burn & destroy people's property & shut down their free speech are cruel too. Hypocrite. #MAGA
Have more children end abortion
So make it legal and permanent, Congress
So Sen Kaine, What about legal issue. Now all illegals get citizenship? Why not make heroin legal and tax it at 50%. That good for economy?
DON'T THROW PEOPLE AWAY BECAUSE THEY AREN'T THE SAME COLOR OR DRESS THE SAME. NARROW MINDED PEOPLE HAVE NO HEART AND ARE TOO JUDGEMENTAL!
Your running mate had a different opinion in 2014
Did your son get arrested for being violent, as a member of Antifa.
Then make your home a sanctuary like @cher. Adopt them, feed them, send them to school etc all on your personal dime.
1/ Kicking these people out would be tantamount to punishing someone for a crime their parents committed. We don't do that in America.
2/ Those affected are 90 percent employed or are students working toward a degree. They cannot be criminals or get tossed. They get no
Don't speak for everyone in Va majority of us DO NOT WANT DACA! Your days are limited time to VOTE your traitor ass out!
I live in Virginia and I am FOR protecting these people. It makes great economic sense
Do u & ur kids get free housing,college, r u on welfare, do u pay taxes Im tired of my taxes going to ilegals,my kids dont get anything free
If you think it's heartless then PASS A LAW!!!!!
You can sponsor them
You just want voters.....bite me !!
It was unconstitutional

