Kids, seniors & people w/ disabilities are at risk with #GrahamCassidy. "New" version still contains a massive cut to Medicaid
#GrahamCassidy cuts to Medicaid mean people w/ disabilities could have difficulty living independently. We shouldn't take away this freedom
Americans don't want #GrahamCassidy. We should return to the bipartisan process the HELP committee engaged in earlier this month
I guess you're okay with 60% increase in premiums for ObamaCare next year what do you care you got a gold plan paid for by the people
Let's pass a law requiring all politicians and former politicians to only receive insurance from the unaffordable health care act.
let them get to Bipartisan Reform & take Profit motive out of insurance industry-- more affordable w/ better care-#grahamcassidy bill stinks
It's not that I like this bill, it's that the politicians don't have to live with the same legislation they create for the rest of us.
we deserve a better bill that will affect all of us...congress needs to get to work and stop with these crappy bills
Future of health ins. is going 2 B ins. 4 rich people & ins. 4 the rest. The rich won't have 2 sit in waiting room 4 1 hr. The rest will.
I would have to have cheaper drugs and limited life from disease if I had hep c...harvoni $10-20,000 treatment
I'm not against taxpayers help  for life threatening diseases like that. I'm just saying with 300 million plus in U.S. cost will be $$$$$$
our health outcomes were better then. Something is broken-we have highest trained dr and nurses w/ bad outcomes
Screw'em. The #GOP will never get their priorities in order, and that's why we have the Democrats...thank G*d.
Thank you for your hard work! We won again!!!
@jimmykimmel is over the moon about this. I am happy for him, his family, other families needing help, and 
Do your job or get out of the way. REPEEL
@timkaine what about RTD report in your home state of VA that individual healthcare premiums going up 60%?
If #bipartisanship work doesn't get passed soon on low hanging fruit this Repeal crap will just keep coming up.
if you actually cared about the american people you would support bernies medicare for all bill..
one thing at a time...first we need to block this #deathcare bill
theres always going to be another #deathcare as long as the GOP exists
Those who still have healthcare, you mean?
let Obamacare go broke,trump.  Then that asswipe will change their minds
We all have healthcare at any ER, it’s afforable “Health Insurance” for the people who choose to purchase it is what the people want!
Healthcare is fine! It’s the health insurance that the problem...
what about the People Like Us that have to pay extra for those people to have ins What About Us isn't that food off our table
Thank You all, for speaking out!!!!
What's new?  We kind of knew you would screw the Tax Payer again.
Thank You Senator!
Thank you my Vice President
Thank you for standing up for what is Right America appreciates it
Thank you
We won this skirmish but these evil People will come back again and again to try to kill as many People as possible!!!
Thank you! Grateful to all those that relentlessly called,too!
good keep getting Nos from gop this hurts us elderly not help
Speak or whine about it?
No you are worried about lining your pocketsYou all are about follow the dollar Money talks and Bullshit Walks use the state money not Fed's
Thank you Senator Kaine.
Thank you for all your hard work!!
Thank you Tim and John McCain and all who said they would not vote for such an atrocious attack on the American people's lives
So glad it was struck down once again! Thank you
Thank you Tim! You are a warrior !
Kaine standing tough, working to protect all American people! Kaine McCain!
Please Senator Kaine! Be vigilant because with so many Trump's distractions, republicans will try to repeal ACA in the dark or hidden place
Guess How Many Unborn Children will be Killed(aborted) Today Sen Kaine?
Thank you!
Thank you so much! When you're done could you please *please* become more vocal about the growing crisis in Puerto Rico? Over 3m americans.
We need one unified national law governing health insurance. W/out that many will end up equivalent of endentured servants to a state plan.
Give em hell
The G-C healthcare proposal will endanger millions. USA deserves bipartisan law that will provide more care, not less.
Betcha you get less than 15 seconds. Isn't the sham hearing a 10-minute-see-told-you-we-would-do-hearings?
Thank you!
Thank you sir
Senator will you guys investigate Equifax and their shenanigans. They cash stocks; announce hack; & CEO "resigns" today. GOLDEN PARACHUTE???
Thank you, thank you, thank you for your service!
Thank You Senator Kaine! Thank You from my son too!
Repeal 0bamacare!!!
THANK YOU SENATOR!!! I still can't believe you're not the VP! 
Well I suggest you live under what you impose upon US. Equality in misery!!
.Turd man when will you speak FOR something other than worthless woody
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you from the bottom of my newbie Stage 3 breast cancer survivors heart!!!
Thank you for protecting us!
You go Tim. Keep fighting for us. 
What's your solution? Stop bitching and do something!
Thank you
Thank U Sir

Good for you!
Thank you 
thank you!  keep up the good work 
Trump/GOP Deathcare is a nuke about to explode!!! No safe place to hide!!! Republicans on the attack!!!
Thank you.
GRAHAM-CASSIDY IS THE ULTIMATE "DEATH PANEL".....SHOULD IT PASS BY ANY MEANS, THOSE WHO SUPPORT IT WILL BE HAUNTED EVEN TO THEIR GRAVES!
Please ask @LindseyGrahamSC and @BillCassidy if this is the plan they'd want congress, their mothers, and their children to have
they should be ashamed to have their names on this sub-par bill-- it is mediocre at best and un-American at worst. we need Bipartisan reform
I hope Senator  that you offer some proposals for healthcare other than trash talking a bill that is trying to replace and repeal
Keep fighting the good fight! #SaveMedicaid #SaveACA
Plz also speak about impeaching trump before he gets us into a war
Don't forget to pound your fist for effect and maybe cry on cue too. Gets 'em every time.
GOP went around saying they’ll repeal & replace ACA not understanding ACA. Now they want to R & R ACA w/something they don’t understand.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you Senator Kaine, and Warner too. VA has two excellent senators!
Thank you @timkaine
Thank you for your efforts, my two sons (in Norfolk) are relying on you and others to preserve their Medicaid! 
Certainly
We stand with you.
This cannot pass.  Do your jobs.
Yet, you support the #ACA which drove up costs. Caused millions to lose coverage so they could pay for others. INSURANCE IS NOT HEALTHCARE.
So no blame goes to insurance companies?
Do not give power back to the states! We seen how that turns out high premiums, millions off of coverage and people with p.e not covered!
we don't need 50 different health markets- it is unmanageable and states don't have budget for the infrastructure needed to enact this
Thank you Senator Kaine. It's leaders, people like you who help us fight for all of  humanity.
Thank you!!
Thank you!!
Why didn't you speak out against the Obamacare Scam that took the working man's medical insurance away? And why aren't you on it?????
Thank you!!!
Thank you Senator Kaine!
Thank You
are you going to ask for help for Puerto Rico?
Thank you sir!
Thank you Senator! Missing you!!
I say let it all fall apart and land on your shoulders. Federal healthcare will not work in this country.
Go Go Go
Thank you, @timkaine
Thank you! #VoteNoGrahamCassidy #SaveACA  #SaveMedicaid
Thank you!
Give them hell!!!!
Thank you, Senator Kaine.
Still following orders from Soros?
Don't forget to mention Puerto Rico
Watch as Minnesota Tim sells out hard working Virginians, to line HIS pockets... film at 11.
Give em hell Senator! (In the very polite and respectful manner you are sure to display)
Thank you @timkaine! #HealthCareforAll
Stop #GrahamCassidy #Trumpcare @lisamurkowski leave mill ppl w/o healthcare
Hey Timmy UckFay ouYa.
Good can you bring up how much costing us taxpayers.we foot bill for  lights, staff,cleaning, toilet  paper.....  that could insures 1000's
Thank you!

Where's the 'Kaine Proposal'? I mean, now that you've admitted that Odumbacare is failing, where's YOUR proposal?
Says one of the MOST corrupt Senators in US History!
Oh honey- you know not what you say.
THANK YOU SIR
Ya, can't wait to hear you complain about the extra $4billion Virginia would get under #GrahamCassidy
So doesn’t socialist medicine u don’t give a damn
Kaine & Dems are guilty of destroying healthcare in the USA by forcing Obamacare on USA. He wants to finish it's destruction w/single payer.
Thank you for being my Senator
#Virginia 
#MyVirginia
Thank you, Senator Kaine!
Good! But please join Sen Sanders and his fellow cosponsors of #MedicareForAll. Otherwise, insurance companies are the only winners
Thank you, Senator Kaine! Keep fighting the good fight! #KillTheBill #NoGrahamCassidy
Yes! Please don't stop. GOP has been so deceitful I can't help thinking they're not done. This isn't over until October 1.
Thank you.
Give 'em hell!  We are counting on you.

thank you
Thank you senator!
Thank you! They are counting on you! 
Repeal Obamacare now.
Thx on behalf of my entire family. Pls take few secs 2 encourage expedited #ReliefForPuertoRico

Ask them what it's about because last night they couldn't answer that question
I cannot wait to vote you out
Good luck Senator!stand for people !
Give them hell! (and hope they understand logic and reason...?)
no it doesn't dingbat. people like you do.
Give 'em hell, Tim!
Thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you, sir!
Thank you for your service, sir!

Thank you Senator.
Thank you, @timkaine
#SaveACA thank you
what about puerto rico and us virgin islands
They don't fit Minnesota Tim's narrative.
While you're there, advocate for #MedicareForAll
Thank you!
Thanks dad! 
Thank you!!!
Thank you! Please don't let them kill my children.
considering my children have chronic health conditions and they were flat out denied health ins. when we applied before ACA? No. Not really.
Keep pushing, Senator.  We are counting on you!
Then you do agree Health Care coverage is unconstitutional. There is hope for you yet.
If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor 
that has NOTHING to do with this...what a weak argument...PS everyone i have met has "kept their Dr" BTW, I work in healthcare
I sell Healthcare and the carriers are dropping like flies...They don't want it.  The ones that stay, you will not be able to afford it.
