It must be #Fridaythe13th The American people rejected Trumpcare- so instead he's now chosen #ACASabotage So tired of the #Trumpertantrums
What the American people rejected was obamacare
The GOP had 8 years to come up with an alternative plan! Now instead of working to fix ACA, he is sabotaging it like a pouting child.
Unfortunately you are trying convince the sub-morons who support the Buffoon. Waste. Can't fix stupid! They believe a perpetual liar!
Dems had the chance 8 yrs ago to do the right thing; sold out to the insurance companies instead. You sold us out; Trump only made it worse.
Actually, it was the Republicans who added changes that made insurance companies able to do so much damage. You really should educate self.
Obama & Dems chose to include insurance companies in ACA.
That's the problem. Not what the Rs did.
Obama & Dems sold out.
#MediCareForAll
That was not the original idea. But they allowed Republicans input unlike this year. You can fight all you want but Rs screwed it up.
Clearly you don't understand the underlying problem: paying insurance companies to do bookkeeping for our healthcare. Unnecesssry, expensive
Clearly you've never read my comments. I know it's the insurance companies and their CEOs greed that is the problem all along. The ACA 1/2
I've read every reply you've made to my comments.
If you want to discuss, fine.
Put me down again & I stop replying.
ACA was most certainly not a step in the right direction.
It provided massive govt subsidies to insurance companies.
Just to keep the books.

Do you regret your support of the ACA yet? Just think, had you not forced it through with so many flaws it might have been a good law.
Obamacare ruined healthcare, he is saving us, thank God for @realDonaldTrump!
No it wasn't.  Pre-existing conditions were often not covered and families would end up bankrupt.  This included those who were working
Obamacare was built soley to provide a path to socialized medicine. Thankfully America rejected that plan with election of Donald Trump.
I don't think you know what any of those words mean and simply repeated what you heard. Stop being a sheep and see he doesn't care about you
It's apparent you drank way too much of the Obama-Reid-Pelosi-Schumer mix of kool-ade. Thankfully we have come back from the slippery slope
It's apparent that you are blinded by shiny things.  Too bad it's fools gold
The only worthwhile 'shiny things' are those you work for. That which comes from the govt tarnishes quickly. 
.
Are you making the ignorant assumption that I receive some sort of government assistance?  How pathetic no wonder you buy Trump's snake oil
I can't understand Americans voting for someone so racist he'd help break the healthcare of the backbone of this country. When does it stop?
He is a monster and should be impeached!  Why is Congress just standing by and not starting the process??
That’s why the potus is referred  to as a moron.
This President is killing Americans.#ImpeachTrump
The ACA is a failure. Government cannot continue to invest in a failure. Insurance companies are now free to compete. Prices will drop.
True, because the ACA hasn’t raised them enough already.
He’s strong-arming Democrats by hurting all of us. When will his base realize this will cause unnecessary pain to their families?
Please explain how he hurt you
You're sad! Grab Hillary and take a ling walk
The Dems could have worked with the GOP to develop a free-market health-insurance framework. Instead you chose to be an obstructionist.
It is sicker than that. It isout of blind opposition to President Obama.  He is destroying us. We have to impeach asap.  People are dying.
As an insulin dependent diabetic with a family income of $60k, I'm screwed.  Without insurance my meds are $1250 a month.
Welcome to my scary world.  If i lose my job I would be dead
Your statement is absolutely false and very hilarious.  The Democrats are the ones that set America up for failure with the use of the ACA.  You have demonized people and have created a culture of hate and division.  Your son was involved in #ANTIFA,  display of your character
Seems like you don't understand how it was funded.  Go read up on that and learn before you just repeat what you heard. No insurance = death
He wants Koch Brothers money and he doesn’t care about anyone except himself.
Why is anyone outraged? This orange creep literally threw little old ladies out onto the street.
My premium & deductible increased 10x just because I made a few thousand dollars more last year so it isn't working for my family anyway.
I agree. Thank you Senator
No, not amazing. This buffoon is acting like a dictator. No one seems to care. This Fool cares nothing for the people. STOP THIS DICTATOR.
I hope that Congress will be able to block him somehow. He is insane and just wants to appease his fans aka voters. The jokes on them.
Par for Trump Golf Course
Totally agree that trump doesnt care about anyone but himself Just like puerto rico saying he gives a A rating i give the government F ratin
WHAT CAN BE DONE BESIDES TWITTER???
Did Comrade President Trumputin make this decision after meeting the President of the US Virgin Islands and the King of Puerto Rico?
Lol ok lib trash pusher it behooves you to educate yourself  on free markets buddy
#TRUMP is deranged. He’s even hurting/killing off his own #MAGA base, hoping they’ll (somehow) blame Pres. Obama for his OWN evil. 
#MAGA?
Go away you’re embarrassing yourself.
TRUMP MAKES ME SICK!
-Rate hikes
-Higher deductibles 
-Lose the doctors you love
-Enjoy indigent care clinics

#Trumpcare  #Chumpcare
TL:DR:DC:GA:SU
You shitnick. The subsidy was never meant to be permanent. It was put in place to hide the actual cost of the “Affordable Care Act” #GoAway!
It's not a blind opposition to the ACA. It's about anything a black man passed in the last presidency. It's about racism, nothing more.
So sick of this person! When will you all impeach him? This can’t go on.
Reality: The dems forced Obamacare on USA making healthcare & insurance unaffordable. The Dems bypassed congress to bailout ins companies.
Trump's ex orders will lower the cost of insurance so millions currently paying Obamacare's penalty will now be able to afford insurance.
Trump's ex orders will stop illegal subsidy bailouts to insurance companies. Dems never funded them. The individual subsidies still exist.
Why so Indignate? The ACA has been doing this since it started!
Something like the 118% it went up here in AZ? Go crawl in a hole with your running mate.  THANK GOD FOR @realDonaldTrump
Can it get any worse ? You guys created this mess and still trying to prevent a better solution ? Politics gone mental
I find it outrageous u raised a terrorist thug.

This is an absolute lie
Nothing new from TImmie though
It's truly sad
Thank you. Protest votes helped put this sociopath in office.
Wait didn’t you deliberately tax people to pay for Obamacare?
Excuse me?? NOBamacare raised my premiums from $600 to $1,604 a month. AND I lost my Dr. If YOU paid for your health care you'd GET IT!
Instead of pi$$ing on Obama’s bed, he’s pi$$ing on any American that might’ve benefited from Obama’s presidency.
All I'm thinking right now is ....come on Muller.
Why don’t Senate and Congress pass a universal healthcare!????? You guys will not so there your constituents suffer now !!!
It’s not opposition to ACA.  It’s for the same reason he had hookers pee on bed in Russia that Obama once slept in.
If I put $600 a month away-instead of paying g premiums-i could afford to go to Dr. Insurance is a Ponzi scheme
I think it's more likely to put insurance companies out of business. Why buy it if the insurance cos won't pay for anything?
He's asking you to meet him. So throw that f*cking lobby money out of your pocket get your buddies and walk that single payer legislation in
Rex was right...
WHAT'S TRUELY SAD,MANY WHO WILL BE HURT BY THIS MORON,VOTED FOR THE FOOL!  AN UNCARING PERSON WOULD SAY, THEY ARE GETTING WHAT THEY DESERVE!
You are such a putts.
Rand Paul, a medical Doctor, disagrees with you.
Trump. Doesn't. Care. He hates anything Obama.
We put you in a position to do something about it. ;)

Settle down little man, quit crying over your loss, find solutions to fix Coon Care , quit whining, be a big boy and earn your pay check
Were tired of statementa. That's all we ever get, tweets and speeches.  You all need to get that guy out of there.
maybe not "blind" as a metaphor?
Finally the tyrants oppression has ended Obama was not a KING or DICTATOR he can't make laws
That statement looks like what ACA did.
Yes please
The outrage is how YOU use feeble scare tactics to influence your uninformed supporters. We all win with free market competition.
Maybe he doesn't know!
I live in VA, a voter. Will you and Congress fix this mess? Pass a bill that will grant subsidies for low income. Also fix CHIP.
Well fix instead of crying about it!!! If not for Obama care we wouldn't have this problem!!! Damn cry babies!
We are lucky you’re not our VP
Clear proof that he is unqualified and needs to be removed from office immediately.
Because you don’t like him. Good plan. What happened when conservatives didn’t like obama?!? They just had 2 deal with it.  Get over it. Lol
he promised better healthcare, but now he's abolishing it.
You are a liar Timmy. Judge ruled 0bamas subsidies are illegal. I know democrats are incapable of telling the truth.
25th amendment! Can't be any clearer. Stop 45 before he ruins democracy and our country
What democracy? Constitutional Republic.
Lets start calling @potus Despicable Don!
Where have u been?  U showed no desire to work with #GOP. @FoxNews @TonyPhyrillas
He's DESTROYING AMERICA & WORLD!
Thank you for your work for the Commonwealth!
I'm planning on forwarding all my insurance and medical bills to Trump & Pence since they seem to have money to burn.
Shut up. Fake and lies.
huh, isnt that what you did 8 years ago as well as make folks lose their plans...hypocrisy much
Your party started it.
Trump's latest awful decision to hurt all Americans is not receiving sufficient attention. This will be catastrophic for US.
Please do something to help people with disabilities who desperately need you to do something to prevent this catastrophe by Trump!!!!!
I pay your part and in return I get nothing how is that a sharing thing?
Obama lied and said rates would go down and they exploded. Where were you
We never wanted Obama Care you all passed it anyway.Why aren't you on Obama Care ?why did u except yourselves?
The ruling class is ALWAYS exempt from  their foolishness.
We are Not Subjects & they are not Kings or Queens
I agree. Sadly, they don’t.
But it wasn't outrageous when our insurance rates went through the roof though.
STOP the political rhetoric @timkaine it's disingenuous. I'm a small biz owner and our plans are thru the roof today!  Not bc @POTUS signed
It's Trumpcare now
Mine went up 200 % when you passed ACA so this can’t be any worse.
How many more DEATHS we need to have Muller remove this dope from the office? IT'S A PURE GENOCIDE ORDERED BY TRUMP AND The GOP!Do something
Yup. Sucks that your rigged your primary and handed him to us.
You & All of Congress had a Chance to fix this Disaster, But You Didn’t !
Trump is a spiteful, angry old man
It is outrages but I don't feel sorry for one of his followers who will be effected by these changes! Their hate 4 Hillary will do them in!

No, you're just outraged because he has now forced you to actually act on failing ACA instead of tweeting hyperbole
It is all about Obama, our first black president.
This ignorant jackass loves to do things that make everyone ask what he is thinking. That way he can feel like the smartest person in the room even though he is almost always the dumbest.
Its not blind opposition. Obama raised healthcare costs by putting in place an unsustainable program. The cost is not changing.
Someone please explain shared risk to the president and everyone else who doesn't understand the concept. Sick pay more when others pay less
I  you @timkaine. Thanks for all your work for us. Please keep fighting.
You lost, get over it.
@GOP Congress needs to move forward to improve the ACA, strengthen the marketplace and ensure American's premiums do not increase. #ACA
We have to make sure that people know that Trump did this, not the ACA
We as Democrats need to get going.  We need a couple of leaders to begin fighting.  Out hear I don't hear much from our leadership!!
You must take all necessary steps to stop this!! He’s killing America!!
So gather your colleagues and STOP HIM. Enough is enough, Senator. Too many are being hurt by his careless, impulsive actions.
Then, PLEASE DO SOMETHING!
Then have him removed from Office
Senator, Please tell the truth to the citizens of VA, you just spew the party line. Are you capable of saying words not written by others?
Stop him!!! DO SOMETHING!!!
why are you lying Tim.  Speak the truth or you will end up like Hillary blaming Russia for your loss
You lost.
I wish people would educate themselves so the would realize that President Pinocchio isn't making Healthcare better!!! Faux News=lies!!
Virginia Obamacare premiums are going up by 60% next year.  What the hell do we have to lose? QUIT LYING AND PLAYING POLITICS / HEALTHCARE
The time has come to do something other than just talk
A lot of people dislike the ACA but Trumpty Dumpty is making Healthcare worse so why would idiots support his doings?? It worse!!!!
how did he win?  I need an answer.  How do I get Canadian citizenship?  You need to help me, I helped on your campaign
you have nobody to blame but yourself.blindly refusing to compromise brought this http://about.now  live with it'
What can be done about it?
more bull shit from a potential vp failure
He's not working with a full deck; you can't expect rational thought
It's outrageous that you and your socialist buddies deliberately raised Americans' health costs out of blind opposition to the free market
Please help! Appeal to your GOP "friends."
Not "blind opposition to the ACA" It's "blind opposition to OBAMA care".  He will destroy anything that Obama did or has his name on it
Old Man Mitchell's reads slanted lies
Had @VP not grabbed @realDonaldTrump & sat him down he would've only thought he signed this. That's twice! @POTUS44 never did that in 8 yrs!
What is truly outrageous is Trump's sick/freak fetish with everything President Barack Obama.  When will Congress step up before catastrophe
Agreed. 100%. In what world are higher premiums, co-pays and deductibles considered "relief". Es una locura.
Delusional is the only thing that comes to mind when I hear the name Tim Kaine
Really Tim. I actually had higher hopes for you. Let the Obama legacy go
#stopthesabotage #StopTrump!
Then do something
Do something
If Anthem decides to leave, we will have no individual insurance plans in all of SW and western Virginia.
And it doesn’t matter to Minnesota Tim. “his base” in NoVa is taken care of, so,he doesn’t care.  Anthem is done. 0 profitability.
Respectfully, how do we stop him, if that is possible?
Sad part is when action is taken to protect Americans, Trump will claim credit for it saying (sic) "They did it because I forced it."
And yet none if you will do a damn thing to stop him!!!!!   He's destroying this country.
ObamaCare= high deductibles and substandard coverage. And you Sen.Kaine support this ! You'd change your tune if you and YOUR family used it

Torquemada lives.
Timmy be honest its outrageous he is stopping YOURS and the Subsidy of your Fellow Congress and Senate and their staff stop the Bull shit
Please Please Please try to fix this mess or better yet, find a way to get Trump out of office.
YOU would prefer the LAW to be broken like Odumbo did...ILLEGAL to use taxpayer$$ without appropriation and YOU should know that---LIAR LIAR
Trump does not care about the people, he only cares about erasing the ACA, because it came from the Obama administration.
What is outrageous was the unfunded and illegal subsidies Obama doled out
INSURANCE SUBSIDIES CUT NOW! TRUMP SUPPORTERS I HOPE YOURE HAPPY NOW! PLEASE IMPEACH THIS LUNATIC! AMEND. #25 IMMEDIATELY!
It's outrageous that politicians aren't fighting to champion a cash-based system that could actually work for poor people.
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PRESIDENT??? NOW HE IS HURTING DISABLED, PEOPLE ON SOCIAL SECURITY &HAVE LOW INCOME BY TAKING AWAY SUBSIDIES!
#TrumpCareLESS
Blue cross blue shield just told me my family of 3 is going to save atleast $300 a month maybe more with the changes we can make now!
The order is less a direct attack on Obamacare and more of an attempt to escape its failings.
