If we start down the path to abandon the #IranDeal, what’s to stop Iran from walking away to restart a nuclear weapons program?
What do Trump's actions say to North Korea? Any diplomatic solution—however small the chances—hinges on trusting our commitment.
Decertifying the #IranDeal guts US diplomacy and, yes, raises the serious risk of the Trump administration leading us into war.
Youre right Iran is complying with the deal. So why did you vote on imposing more sanctions thereby violating the Iran Deal? Youre no better
They are still building bombs, only a fool thinks different
The Iran Deal restricted the enrichment and reprocessing of nuclear material & req'd IAEA monitering. It says nothing about building bombs
They making bombs. If you think different than start praying, government couldn't tell the truth
IAEA confirmed Iran is complying with the deal. So what are you talking about? ICBMs? Having bombs isnt a violation of the Iran Deal
Adding nuclear related sanctions does violate the deal and America did it anyway
Democrats will continue to instigate war until we are forced to put them into their proper place.
#PrisonForHillary - No American forces showed up to help Benghazi leaving 4 Americans dead
Not good, that's how.
You're a liar and a fraud- the deal was illegal to start with- want YOUR family to be the first hit when Iran fuels a terror cell?
Poorly
No wonder you and Hillary lost last year. Ignore facts on table them willfully stay in conceited ignorance.
You are a senator, do your job.
I hope and pray it ends with YOU out of the Senate.
We should hold hands and pray
It had better not end with war. Democrats need to do everything they can to stop it unlike the Iraq war.
Maybe you should if. Even on top floor of worlds trade center
Hopefully this ends with Trump and his family of grifters sitting in a federal prison.
Hillary not there yet. Let's start with her first, than work on up.
#Resist
Not good
Not mention the trillions wasted.
I don't think war w/ Iran is necessary b/c Dems were already tricked into producing ISIS.Dubya actually saved people in Iraq from starvation
Look at the bacca valley and the truck convoys that went there from Iraq
Remember Iraq invaded Kuwait an ally before we beat them back into their country they killed ppl and  burned oil fields on their way
Again, your statement is less than truthful.I smell a Pinocchio or two.
Umm.. #CheetoJesus impeachment/imprisonment
Remove the moron. #25
4k+ soldiers.. and 100k+ civilians, a nation's future and fertile ground for rise of ISIS.
Tim you need to go back in hiding
Number 10 tickets tune
A strong leader has to sway all of your colleagues that it is time to invoke the 25th. Too much damage done already. It's past time.
Not well
AGREEMENT with the DPRK - FAIL. The Iranian deal. Limited inspection access. Missile proliferation. Reminder: 
"Death to America" daily.
GOP holds the answer of how this ends. @RepGoodlatte keeps stalling to further GOP agenda; they care nothing about country or citizens.
Iraq should have complied and not tried to undermine the inspections, OTH the Iran decertification doesn’t make any sense to me
gee timmy, maybe if we send them billions $ they will promise to be good...
Why can't the ACA be fixed instead of taking it away from hardworking people like us?Why does this time in our lives feel surreal & strange?
Good people should move to New Zealand
It will end with you drunk and passing out again
senator, what  are you doing about this!  I keep asking but, no response. Stand up and use your voice with us!
With any luck, in an impeachment
How does it end? With the GOP tax cut for the 1%. The only thing that matters to them. And Trump, all he wants is undo everything Obama.
Trump doesn't even understand what's IN the deal! Cannot answer intelligent question about it!
With them crazy mother f#ckers NOT getting a nuke and blowing us to kingdom come
Both Clintons believed in Iraq’s WMDs.   You can’t compare George W Bush and Trump. Bush loves this country, apparently Trump does not
Please run for potus in 2020. Please..please.
What deal?  If a treaty was wanted then 2/3 Congress should have approved it per article 2 section 2. Senator, you should know Constitution
YOU ARE A LIAR JUST LIKE HILLARY CLINTON AND THE OTHER DEMS...IF YOU LIKE YOUR DR YOU CAN KEEP YOUR DOC...PREMIUMS GOING DOWN---LIE LIE LIE
Ask your former running mate who supported the invasion. Guess that never came on on the bus ride to the debates
Badly. Very badly.
Apparently only 4K American are important and not 100Ks Iraqis who lost their lives.
no nuclear weapons for Iran, stupid.  they are NOT complying currently. Liar.
democratic party is the expert to make hostile countries nuclear, trump would not allow that
I’m more concerned with you not condemning Hollywood and it’s culture of sexual abuse of women and the money given to you by a rapist.
Badly, I fear.
America has lost its credibility globally with his decertification. Even our allies will not b'lieve anything coming frm d WH under Dotard.
Senator, you and the Senate have the power to stop this mad POTUS for World peace and the rest of mankind. Please use your power for good.
I've sadly been thinking the same.
Impeachment. That's how it will end. Impeach both his dumbass and Pence's.
How can I put this more succinctly?   Trump is an idiot.
More to it than that timmy.
Not good Sen. Kaine. We're dealing with a very sick minded man. Never been so scared in my life 
#45 obviously owes a $$$debt to some Iranian  foe; but which one?
.
Looks like way more people were KIA under Obama than Bush and Trump. More #LiberalHypocrisy?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_military_casualties_in_the_War_in_Afghanistan#Killed_in_action_only …
Not well most likely! Stupidity at its finest!
what happened during the other 14 Years?
Iran set the terms of the "deal" of course they're in compliance.We must put the brakes on this debacle NOW !!
This is so scary - world is not safe with Drumpf in WH
If you can't inspect without prior notice how do you know Iran is complying?
Badly, I'm afraid.
#25thammendment
How do you think?
With you pocketing cash from AIPAC like nothing ever happened at all, I'm sure.
We dodged a bullet when you and Hillary went down, you would probably ship iran some nukes because they are taking to long to build them
The only thing man has managed to do is pull the hard work others have done apart.
With America alone and isolated, lacking any respect or leverage within the international community
Badly
Two ways, Iran restarts their prog and has a nuke soon, that's not cool. Or the 25th is invoked and the nightmare is over. Thats really cool
What's extraordinary is that we left these hugely important decisions to two complete fucking morons
Reality: Iran tested ICBMs, Russia & Iran control & block inspections. Obama secret deals admitted, not disclosed. Defined path to nukes.
Reality: other nations make billions selling arms to Iran. Iran was paid $150 billon by Obama admin. They use $s to build arsenals.
So that’s All You Have, Going back to Bush Times, You’re More Of A Weasel than I thought you Were, Please Leave VA. You are a Disgrace
You are a joke,  you know very well Iran is not in compliance.
bot
Reported and blocked
I'm sorry, it may end with #POTUS feelling extremely impotent except for the warheads. Will this sexual predator be able to control himself?
This will end badly, that's how. Get the #imposter out.
Our young American soldiers dying,that's how 
Somebody tell this trump that he's not dealing with sub-contractors that he can renege. This trump has never honored a business deal.
Sure he does, problem is people sign contracts and fail to complete all requirements and still expect to be paid.  #asshater
He needs more crazy to divert from his own crazy
yes exactly ! that's all he knows as that is all he IS: psychotic/god help us all-the world is scarry enough without the nut-case in our WH

The more I think about it, I have this feeling that Trump wants Iran to violate the deal on purpose, giving him an excuse to withdraw.
One more pandering self interested Prez, will be replaced, hopefully after 1 term or before.
With blood. Bet on it.
Tim, take care of your son & stop tweeting conspiracy theories that can't be proved. Go into the woods with Hillary & stay there.
WWIII?
Badly
Fake information from Kaine. Here is the real story
lol this literally has the word OPINION in the title
What do u expect from a Trump apologist? He thought OPINION meant FACT. They don't really understand anything, ANYTHING.
gawd damn it
No one will negotiate with us again after this
