NEWS: Trumps commission to combat the opioid crisis will miss deadline to file interim report for 2nd time: http://www.cbsnews.com/news/white-house-opioid-commission-misses-second-deadline-for-interim-report/ …
Yea cuz it's Trumps fault these people choose to use drugs right Timmy?
U r kidding, right? Opioid addiction grew under Obama and Trump has made it a priority. Never heard BHO talk about it. Pick another topic.
Obama asked GOP controlled Congress for $1.1B for Opiod epidemic in 2016.
GOP controlled Congress provided less than $200M.
Facts matter.
Solution Aen Kaine, is to outlaw all of them, and refuse to allow Med profession to prescribe them! There are safer pain meds!Opioids KILL!
Prohibition doesn't work.
But if will Jessica of people in educate themselves! All the electronics out here and no one is using them to educate re OPIOIDS?
I don't know what the solution is, I just know when you prohibit drugs/alcohol, you create more crime, powerful cartels & mob families
.What did obama do?
President Trumps family does not have the problems your family has~an awesome father,close to his family. Obama:'YUGE'part of drug problem
All of a sudden it's now Trumps fault for the opioids epidemic. Got it!
Oh, look! A bit not claiming to be Christian?
Hmm
Because the opioid crisis happened on his watch....right? Eight years of self congratulatory and myopic agendas by a corrupt Dems, tnx4nada
R u kiding me, do more, how can he with the likes of your party!,,,,,,.
Good work Senator. Keep shining a light on the failures by Trump and the Republican Party to address the needs of those who elected them.
POTUS IS MAKING BOLD MOVES TO STOP DRUGS...LIKE THE WALL DUMMY! YOU MUST BE SO PROUD OF YOUR ANTIFA SON! A COMMUNISTS HERO!!!
Is he close to effective?
He's not!!  The committee he formed is! Problem is, they are all "professional" politicians so that means they can't get anything done.
Why don't you stop the DOCTORS from prescribing and allow Naltrexone be given that will stop the cravings? Why don't YOU?
He can't sign legislation unless the Congress and Senate work together like adults and send him a bill Senator
Call it what it is Tim, "treason."
BS - it hurts the people that need pain killers b/c doctor's are afraid they will get into trouble if they prescribe pain killers.
I didn't hear the Dems talking about the opioid crisis. Just like Russia... they didn't care... until it's convenient for them. #DirtyDems
Put in for the Single Pay healthcare and take the insurance out of it completely Americans would be better off
Last  time I check @realDonaldTrump wasn't injecting addicts.  you want everybody else to . #personal responsibility
How money does the new healthcare bill propose.  2 billion.
too much welfare = too much time on hands = get drunk, take drugs, lack of self esteem...people should work
What does tRUMP care about this epidemic? He didn't care about his brother or his little nephew!Did NOTHING to help either of them! SELFISH!
Face it. Unless Trump can find a way to make money from selling opioids, he just isn't interested.
Blah blah blah.
8 years to create all these crises, but he should fix it all in 6 months.
Puhleeze this started 20+ years ago w/ big pharma pushing pills, stop blaming one black man. @GOP majority in Congress for 3 years
Really? The race card? Does it mean he can do no wrong?
Really? Ignore the facts that republicans held majority in Congress. They didn't let him do jack yet you blame him.
That's not true as you can see he did sneaky shit behind the backs of Americans all the time.
What are you talking about Tim. Obama's admin  did little or nothing. Allowed the drugs to come freely over the border. Oh it was Russia Yes
@GOP majority for last 3 years so can't blame Obama. Problem started 20+ years ago with big pharma pill pushers #factsmatter
Doctors, some profiteering, wrote the prescriptions. People on the street can't just ring up a Pharma and buy a pallet of pills.
But Medicaid pays for them!
He's been in office 6 months. What the hell have you done spending your life there
IT IS YOUR FAILURES THAT CAUSE PEOPLE TO DESPAIR AND TURN TO DRUGS FOR COMFORT, STOP OBSTRUCTING CHANGE
Here's one: stop using. Here's another: destroy the cartels. And another: shoot the dealers. Even another: build the wall. Sheesh.
get government out of healthcare and you'll have a solution
Oh BS Timmy!! You know better, had DEMOCRATS sat at the table 5 months agop you would have been way ahead of the game! DO YOUR JOB no Blame!
Democrats hv shown their true colors put this country through hell I hope you all pay dearly for it. LOSERS!
Shut the hell up about Donald Trump Jr.

Tim Kaine's son is a dirtbag loser who was arrested for violent rioting. 
Not dragging his feet. Literally doesn't understand it, so can't do anything about it. As with much else.
He doesn't have time for that stuff,  he has tweeting to take care of.
Any money will already come in the health care plan, and be law-enforcement focused. 

NO CHANGING THAT!!
Dragging his feet? Seriously? That is not honest of you, Tim. You throw around the word "treason", your statement is treason to the truth.
What legislation have YOU proposed to combat opioid addiction?
What's your plan Tim? Typical dimms solution throw a ton of our money at it?
Especially since the opioid epidemic largely effects a great many of his supporters. Isn't that part of making America great again?
Maybe if all the liberal douchebags and the media clowns just let him do his job, he'd have more time to do these things, Timmy.
#justsaying
Tim you called for the death of the president? Why aren't you in jail? You're as bad as HRC. Karma buddy. Yours is coming.
Opioid epidemic in six months wow
And it's time for Demwits to stop all the accusations and obstruction crap. Wait, they have no control of anything that's all they do
Go after the doctors & drug companies
Trump isn't going to do anything.  He wants others to take action so if it doesn't work he can blame them.
Plus it would require reading & actual education & thought.  Kellyanne would need too many visuals.
Your son is an active member of Antifa and the Black Block.
He needs to resign
Tim it's easy to criticize. Where is your plan?  you are a leader too. Seems a bit hypocritical for the man who was almost vice pres
Trump does not care about opioid crisis nor did he care about the AIDS crisis. Trump doesn't consider fellow citizens health important
Trump is not dragging his feet on the Opioid epidemic Dem let get out of hand. But Dem want people drugged for stronger Gov!
What have you done in your state?
Tim, Tim, thank God you and your running mater didn't get elected. Don't you know that you have to be at war to charge a person w treason
He already on it before you speak about it.  Why don't you check the real fact instead of open your mouth?. That's so wrong!
You didn't call for government help when crack was bad. Hypocrisy?
I think that's treasonous
What happened to "INTENT" ?Trump Jr had no Intent to do anything wrong like Comey said Hillary had No Intent.
0bama did nothing about it for 8 years but you were fine with that.
Where's your bill, Senator?
You asshats obstruct everything he tries to do then accuse him of dragging his feet! #hypocrisy
Wow Tim.. Your constituents have spoken.. Clearly your comments have rubbed them the wrong way.
Trump is doing a lot on Long Island.
If obstructionist Dem. party would do their job and work together across the aisle instead of neanderthal type "resist" u may have a voice!
Medicaid reductions will hurt programs that are fostering homeless kids due to opioid crisis. Will also pull funding for rehab programs
Come on Senator, you know he's not going to actually do anything about it. Just trying to appease his addicted base.
I can handle that one for him. Get us out of Afghanistan.
400 today!!!! Over a billion. Yeah!!
@JaxAlemany @CBSPolitics 
Senator, you speak of this Trump person as if he actually can do anything, and do anything positive.
Republicans voted in a lion & now don't want to admit it was a bad idea, cuz now it's shitting all over the house & might eat the kids Trump
Maybe if you would stop claiming he is guilty of treason you would get time spent on this
First step is to build the wall so get in there and helo us out
@LindseyGrahamSC @Morning_Joe @POTUS @SenJohnMcCain HE IS IN COLLUSION RIGHT COMRADE TRUMP
It's time for you to stop obstructing!! #maga
It's time #TimKaine stop accusing #Trump's son of treason (punishable by death) until #Kaine reigns in his own violent criminal son.
You really good and criticizing others while the democrats stand for nothing and do nothing
Please, he has no ideas and Jared is in timeout
This last health care Bill is worse than the others. It's like watching the Furious franchise. Democrats must be loud and strong.
He drags his feet becus there is no $$$ in it for him !!
Trump and GOP Don't Care Act will kill them all sooner than later. Problem solved.
Rich Republicans shouldn't give up the money for addicts.
Uh no.  This is not happening.  We need to impeach him.
He's a little busy right now. Destabilizing America and the world. Bragging what a good job he's doing, and counting flowers on the wall.
He's doing a fantastic job. After eight miserable years of the worst most racists incompetent dishonest President in US history it's heaven
with Jeff Sessions still chasing reefer madness, it's not surprising that the admin is behind on this
Who does your tweets? If it's you, hire someone better. If you've already hired someone, fire them.
You embarrass Virginians daily.
Maybe if he could get his appointments approved there would be sufficient workforce to get that done. Until then - just not enough bodies.
This comment makes too much sense for "some people" to understand..
thank you
I heard Christie was at the beach, sunning!!??  No wonder they are late!
@timkaine is delirious about dragging feet....get @POTUS nominations through & you will see all types of good policy change take effect #ASS
Appreciate your concern for the country, Senator, but unless one of his kids starts shooting heroin, @realDonaldTrump ain't gonna care.
Trump is the mouthpiece to his mega donors, Koch brothers, and the GOP. These Republicans are showing their contempt for the poor.
More important things going on than that!
Um #Russia
Tim, @realDonaldTrump is too busy embarrassing us over in France
WATCH: President Trump tells the French first lady, "You're in such good shape" 
If you don't think he is going to do it, then you do it.  and that doesn't mean tweeting about it.
Don't hold your breath
Please quit calling him President Trump.  He doesn't deserve that title until he starts acting Presidential.
Instead of taking a summer break all senators should work on a resolution.
Need to build that wall. 80% of the illegal drugs come through Mexico. He's also working on the economy. Maybe people can get decent jobs.
Are you looking into migration of Russians to red states & Rust Belt? Highest populations= in AK WI OH SD ND PA FL & TX. Very strategic.
And what are you doing besides whining...isn't whining an act of "High Treason".  Time for another investigation related to Kaine whining!
Why don't you start working and stop obstructing.  PRESIDENT TRUMP has done more in 6 months than DEMS did in 8 yrs.
Well fact is you probably won't get far on helping them. I don't know one single person that has kicked that habit and a few died.
YOU HAVE A HELLUVA NERVE, MR. RATLINE PROFITEER!!!!!!
Better bring out Plan B, Mr. Kaine. This President can't find the truth if it bit him on his a$$!
Senator Kaine may we hear your plan?
Did the opioid epidemic start in Jan. 2017?
Obama did. Where was ur outrage?
Obama And the democrats DID nothing! it's all about Russian Russian
What about the pedophilia epidemic? Or are you part of it?
It is so easy to criticize . Where is the law that you introduced to fix problem? I guess you forgot to do that-to busy with tweet tears!
@POTUS doesn't have time for that stuff. He's too busy trying to spin Jr's omission of Russian Cooperation into a fairytale for supporters.
Trump does not care about opioids addiction.
DOJ just reported over $billion bust related to  opioids. WTF?
Bets on where that'll go?
Maybe you Democrats should stop dragging on approving Trump's appointments. You've only let him fill a quarter of the positions.
He hasn't appointed most of them yet including many in state dept. Too busy golfing. No FBI confirmation under circumstances.
Barack Obama played 333 rounds of golf as POTUS. So you are correct. Barry was too busy golfing.
The (cough) man isn't doing a thing but f***ing everything up for the entire country. He could care less about the opioid epidemic. Sadly.
Like what. Big mouth. Nothing to back it up.
Right after you stop your absurd Russia allegations.
Not to mention... golf!  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
It's time to get Trump out of the White House!!
You can't really expect the president to stop watching his Fox News daily. Don't be a jerk, Senator.
You are sure an odd duck aren't you.
Jared is solving the middle east crisis, Tim! Give him a break.
He's not, try to catch up Tim.
