Improve #ACA...we need public option on the table  NO More For Profit Health Insurance...#MedicareForAll
Yuk!
you obviously don't have 1st hand knowledge of healthcare...medicare is a life saver and controls costs---supplements are affordable etc
I know that the #government does NOTHING #efficiently, health #insurers are #criminals and people should be funding their own #healthcare.
many programs are very efficient if well thought out...a sliding scale public option is a good start---hybrid like in Spain-buy supplement
Capitalism is a living, socialism is a lie & government is to set guidelines, not micromanage like now!
oh honey...for profit insurance and for profit pharma are playing doctor and micromanaging much more...Medicare just sets standards of care
Ok, I'm tired. Let us disagree. Nice to chat.  Bill. 
No thanks loser, we want ALL OF OBAMA GONE
Obama was the best president ever!  Trump is not even half as intelligent or smart, as Obama, not to mention the cool factor.
I do believe you don't know what your talking about. #obamabestpresidentever
So not true... Millions have health care now because of Obama.  #republicanscan'tgovern
Are you deaf? Or just bought off? The American people OVERWHELMINGLY WANT #MedicareForAll. STOP TRYING TO SAVE THIS, you Corporate Puppet!!!
#MedicareForAll is NOT the govt "in charge." It's the govt acting as payor, i.e., the billing processor, 2the med provider. Like it does now
We believe in it. Unlike you, apparently.
Be sure to smile every time you cut a check to pay for your healthcare insurance, then remember you pay for this & freely defend doing so
No, you had your chance, you still own Obamacare and that's a dismal failure...You cared more about obstruction than helping the sick/ poor
The new bill failed to pass among Republicans. Also ACA expanded Medicaid, covering many more poor, except red states that rejected it.
Medicaid now covers 75,000,000 people, how can we afford to keep expanding it?
They don't want to hear about the cost.  Too inconvenient of a truth for the simpletons who think printing money is no big deal.
I send a great deal of time studying health economics. Believe cost to 99% of s will be much less w/ SinglePayer
We can't afford the social programs we have now.  23 trillion dollars in debt is quite enough to take our country down.
That is a cynical view. Is it possible that some of the arguments you've heard/read could be dishonest arguments funded by the richest 1%?
I don't ask this disrespectfully but because I know from exp working in this area that many preparing talking pts have conflicts of interest
Can't wait for it to be repealed.
It will
Run along.  I'm sure there is some rally you can go scream at.
Insurance companies are outrageously paid book keepers we can do it much better with #MedicareForAll

The repeal of Obamacare is antithetical to what our country stands for.  Let's focus on fixes, and everyone should quit worrying about 2018.

HILLARY ACCUSED OF COVERING FOR PEDOPHILES
AND PROSTITUTION AT THE STATE DEPARTMENT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HadGh0LcXxs … … 
That only way that Americans people want ACA to be make better. GOP must work with Dem for full agreement. To hell w/ politics, ACA need fix
#NeverRepeal #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid #SaveMedicare #SaveSSD NO tax cuts for rich! NO increased military $! Increase healthcare $! #Impeach45
Says Kaye as nukes on the way - cut military are u completely out of your mind?
Democrats do nothing bi but maybe sexual unless it's there agenda
The ACA passed the test of ALL THREE BRANCHES of gvt, time for Congress to "promote the general welfare" of this nation as they've sworn.
No you knot head- stop embarrassing yourself with ignorant posts
Now the #Dems want in? 
How about we get the government out of private industry, e.g. health insurance, Freddie, Fannie & Sallie, et al.
Keep up the good work Sen. Kaine
1st we need to teach @POTUS there are 100 #Senators & remind him he's supposed to represent ALL Americans not just #GOP or his base.
The first bipartisan act should be to put you and your cronies on the same plan as us lowly citizens who pay your freaking salary

No this bill has to much pork. It needs to repeal totally.
Absolutely Not !!! We want Fed Govt out of healthcare. Nobody wants the lower quality, higher prices and mandates dictated by the Fed Gov!
YES PLEASE
Stephenson said that happy birthday party for disabled people
@realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump Yes, do something that will help the People, instead of the Money!
Single Payer!!!
Just #repealObamacare.
And don't change the Trade Mark. It's still Obama's healthcare!

You passed obamacare and didn't know what was in it. You are pathetic.
So we should repeat the same mistake, genius?
Absolutely not. Full repeal. Get the govt out of health insurance.
That's a great idea in theory, until your premiums once again soar to new heights. Besides, too much $ involved for the gov to stay out
Agreed gov will never be out now. My ins. Went 580 per mon to 1645 per mo since o-care started.
I will Sen Kaine when you & your fellow democrats sign up for Obamacare to prove to us you are willing to live under the same laws you pass.
Hell no, and you shd resign before you're indicted.
What r u talking about?
Or just vote them all out in 2018. The GOP can't be trusted with healthcare policy decisions
Why do you want to fix your #horrorshow crazy man??  Passed in the middle of the night with no Rep votes. Choke on it. You own it.
Although I don't respond to re-tweet requests, I will pass this one along hoping for the best.
This bill needs to be modified,where premiums r down,medicaid is expanded,drugs lower and Companies pay for their share of healthcare.
my young adult children will lose coverage under our insurence
they have chronic autoimmune disease
GOP will cause deaths if they don't stop
The ACA is Obamacare is Romneycare. It's time to end the partisanship and make the necessary changes for success. A real patriot would.
What else can we do besides RT?
The answer is, Medicare for all US Citizens cradle to grave! Let's end the 'Insurance Company Welfare State' in it's entirety, now !!!

please call it what it is, THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT! don't know why dems feed the fire, remember many who get ACA don't know it's obamacare
Focusing on getting rid of Trump would be good too..
the AmericanPeople should Demand from Congress!HealthCare is a Universal Human Rights Issue!American has no MoralCompass to lead with Trump!
#Medicare4All
Pls. work across the aisle to fix the ACA. That is the only sensible thing to do.
I want the Senate GOP to drop their repeal of ACA and focus on impeachment procedeings.
Please!! Get off of that " Obama Care " crap! It is " The Affordable Care Act! " Soon to become " Trump Care! " we are the USA, remember!?
Fixes? Thought it was great for all! Premiums that are not high. Isn't that what you all said?
Great to hear a voice of sanity in  the midst of infantile bickering.
I hope you run for POTUS!!!!
Of course!
I'd like the senators to focus on removing POTUS. Then we can move on to everything else. But yes we need to save and fix Obamacare.
Why aren't Democrats suing tRump for intentional try to kill funding & destabilizing the market??? Isn't that a crime?
That would be a YES ! @TuesdaysToomey @TwTPgh @mkink
I want everyone to focus on getting that crook and his buddies out of the WH.
But, okay!
No. How about state options. Not federal. Smaller fed. That's what we need.
Taxpayers, listen carefully.  Always cautious to say they "will not repeal". Says Trump shld drop efforts to repeal? This is the obstruction
There's no fixing for Obamacare. Get a grip. So glad ur NOT vp.
I want Medicare Medicaid expansion and transition to single payer universal system.
So Obamacare isn't the cure the Dems thought it was? News flash : insurance is not health care.
@L8NiteRowWL Didn't meanto send that to you. I see things in healthcare most people don't see. It's really sad.
RT'd with an Amen!
Stop spending $ on & in the uttermost parts of the earth & put the USA & it's AMERICANS FIRST!
I WANT YOUR PLAN..THATS WHAT I WANT!!!
A novel idea -- working together... but not with McConnell in power
60% per person cost reduction if we adopt Medicaid for All: http://www.medicareforall.org/pages/Costs_and_Savings …
I'd prefer that you work on single-payer.
You frauds created the problem, get out of the way so real leaders can fix it.
Retweet, then go to http://5calls.org !
Dreamland.
Would have been nice if you and other dems didn't screw it up to start.
Single payer now.
#MedicareForAll
And no more secret backroom back of a napkin bullshit masquerading as health care.
You mean this kind of bipartisanship?!
We need democrats on tv detailing their plans for a fix.
HealthCare for all is as American as public libraries & education! The health of our workforce as important as education, huge Econ. Impact

I want @TheDemocrats 2 stop begging those treasonous assholes aka the @GOP. They hate us and u need 2 start reflecting our rage.
How about something a little more drastic than a retweet?????  We need help now!!
That and impeachment
That would make sense, l but I do believe the majority of Republicans are too selfish to think that way.
Everybody in the country wants this except Koch bros and McConnell.
They will continue to dismantle and pick away at the ACA to weaken it and then blame Obama and Dems.  
What's better. Herd mentality of #Democrats who stick together no matter what or #Republicans who debate and attempt a better way?
No way. REPEAL Obamacare, or let it fail on its own. Selfish obstructionist Democrats completely own this failure, not @GOP.  CURRENT CBO???
"Bipartisan" - now that's a word!
Absolutely!!

You're 15 minutes of fame were up long ago!  Nobody's interested in your liberal propaganda!  I'd worry about your own butt!
I want to see all parties to work together to make the ACA better & not try to repeal it.  Sick of the bickering & sick of Trump.

I think US Senators should focus on providing the American people with health care that works for all - regardless of political affiliation!
GOO has had 8 years to come up with a plan, they are clearly incapable!  Start selling the Dem plan to the American people.  Get Moving! NOW
Whatever happened to the #publicoption ?
I want #Medicare4All
And how would you ever get House to agree to anything bipartisan.
They say Repeal,Replace in 2 yrs. Anyone remember sequester? Obama didn't believe they would fail ,they did & harsh cuts .
Expect the worst.
No, Senator, we want it completely repealed. We want Fed Govt out of healthcare. Can't wait till 1/3/19 to take my state back. ;-)
I'm kind of getting into "them " looking like fools  but our failing society has much to loose as fools that they are making of us
They need to quit saying Dems don't want to help. Find a meeting and crash it. ;)

I consider all NWO-U$ politicians, & their Greedy One Percent @GOP owners, $tupid Phucking Idiots & traitors. My focus stays on target. 
People no longer want Repeal & Replace. Time changes things. Why cant GOP get that through their thick skulls? See polls
1.#ObamaCare #FAIL is broke & repealing itself  2.Bipartisan? Like when #democrats locked #GOP out & passed it 2 find out what's in it?
That is NOT true!!!  #ObamaCare have many amendments in it that was put in by Republicans so there is no basis to your #AlternativeFact 
#Republicans "have many amendments" in #Obamacare? REALLY? NAME ONE! Back it up w/ SOURCES! U post #AlternativeFact's & worse U R a #LIAR
That article is from Oct 2009.  
House passed bill Nov 2009
Senate passed bill March 21, 2010
Obama signed it on March 23, 2010
#TheyHadTime
It's like he is trying to pass one piece of legislation before the investigation is completed.
How about they drop their efforts to protect the so called Pres.? and do the right thing for the United States not Russia
I want the Senate GOP to go to jail for treason
You guys want to fix the institutions that pay the bills without addressing the institutions that remit the bills. And not just drug prices
Hillary and you won the electoral college vote. Voter fraud!!!!!! You should be our VP. #LOCKTHEMUP.
You mean bipartisan like how the law was written and passed originally?
You know my answer is no, like true bipartisanship, but that's not likely to happen for anything other voting themselves pay increases.
No, RT if you want the loser senator from VA to drop out completely.
So much time and money is being wasted.
I want the Senate GOP, who aren't traitors, to stand up & lead their base.
you really believe all of this retweeting will change their minds?  please give us a break.  do your jobs and save the ACA
Are you ever going to move on to anything else?
If our government could stop arguing and help it's people this would be a miracle!
I want the government out of our healthcare altogether. 
I got news for ya. The government will screw you more. Lawyers are one of the reasons insurance is as high as it is.
I really wish politicians would stop telling us to retweet stuff
I want Senate Dems to get more serious about opposing Trump's picks and calling out his collusion with the Russians.
Dido. Get creative. Do something loud. Like replay them on the floor obstructing Obama when @gop cry obstruction
GOP, leave health care issues alone. GOP spent decades preaching racism, misogyny and hate for anyone not white, not male & not Republicon.
You'd better learn your history, and not the revisionist one. Truth is, it was the Dems that brought us the KKK, Jim Crow, segregation.
Also perform a psychiatrist test to the Republican party, something is wrong with them. That'd be great 
We don't need the GOP kind of bipartisanship. Medicare for all instead of bargaining with heartless freaks.
criminal organizations that steal their way to power should not be negotiated with
#RepealObamacare
Hey Kaine! How about you stop exempting yourself and family from Obamacare!
We need to turn Congress blue in 2018 in order to fix Healthcare.  Otherwise it's like a deal with the devil-guaranteed to go bad.
Exactly!
Any reasonable person wants a bipartisan effort to improve access to #healthcare for Americans. Those who don't? Have no right governing!
RT if you think we should get the same health insurance as those who represent us .
Should Democrats have plans in writing ready to enhance ACA?  I think it would be very productive.
Perhaps all insurers should be required to offer plans in the ACA.
Medicare plans could be offered there also.
Employers could send employees to the ACA & rebate employees as a benefit
ACA would handle those that need with safety nets [medicaid.  Premium tax credits based on needs, poverty levels and other factors
Insurance company profits, doctor and hospital costs, must have some controls
I am sure there are many other issues to discuss & resolve.
Idiot
Would rather see impeachment moving along. You have enough evidence.
Retweeting isn't going to all of a sudden give republicans a conscience.
Blatant lack of Integrity! Trumpcare/Obamacare whatever. Real issue=NONEOFYOUCARE for hard working people burdened with mess YOU inflicted.
a single payer system is the only way 2 go, I just spent 10 days in hospital due to a heart attack, quick action, positive outcome, Cost=$0
@ScullyNoreen I know Big Pharma owns our politicians. Want votes? We the people want Single Payer healthcare. Listen to US.
What will u wear to the BO care funeral-its been expired for months but you still have time to attend-come in your VP outfit-lederhosen
Short sighted. Thing big picture, think long term, think repercussions.
Healthcare as a givt project is a transfer payment: socialism is short sighted with long term disasters. Think Venezuela, think Cuba-think
Health care is not a right it's a privilege the ACA is no good for America the people that want to keep it must be too lazy to work
No, that it NOT what We The People want! #RepealAndReplace #RepealObamacare Do your damn job & represent WE THE PEOPLE NOT yourself! #MAGA
I've never retweeted anything so fast.
I'll retweet if we never have to see or hear from you again.
We want all of Congress to open Medicare for All, that's what the American people want.
Yes please!!!!
Senator, if the ACA is so great for everyone, why are insurers leaving the exchanges? And where is it written that health care is a right?
From one Rockhurst alum to another-you had your chance to keep it alive with the last bill. Now it will die of natural causes.
They've been trying to sabotage it for the past 6 years. Imagine how much better it would be if they tried to improve it during that time.
Don't work with gop on anything. Play tit for tat. Did they EVER work with Obama? Nooooo
Bi partisan solution is to keep Ocare currently = to a f**king car pmt so others get it for free, its been 7 yrs its a failure, admit it
Give us what congress gets for healthcare, we are citizens of USA, just as they are. This class crap stinks. Working Americans same as you.
They also need to stop the, we'll force it to fail nonsense. They are literally playing with people's lives.
Of course we all want the Republicans to start treating this like a democracy. 

Step One: Impeach the jerk Putin installed.
#SinglePayer #UniversalHealthcare #GetInsuranceOut #MedicareForAll 
Get to work for We The People, the true #government
You and @SenJohnWarner senate my Senator's and I'm proud of both of you.
@KathyCh10940147 Keep the #ACA! #Keep&ImproveACA
I not only agree, but it would be the adult thing to do!
Get serious....their only interest is in punishing people, not helping people.
Sen. I want the DEMS to put forth a PLAN that helps us. You won't win in 2018 w/o a message that doesn't include Trump!
The insurance comp. are just as much to blame. If they leave a state, they shouldn't be allowed back for five yrs. they make a huge profit.
Frankly, no. Rather it be only Dems. We tried, they obstructed. Then they held lives hostage out of spite.
If we quit fighting over Republican or Democratic party's, & remember we are all American's, maybe we can get something done!
Something has to change!!!!!
First consider the massive money laundering of the #Trump family and cronies. We must clean our gov of their foulness. Take down the #GOP
Repeal Treason Team Trump & Illegitimate GOP that rode in on Trump's coattails & we'll figure out the rest later. 
How about a RT so that the19 Non ACA States either implement it or FINALLY come up w/an Alternative @timkaine @AdoreChicago off myACA state
For the zillionth time they can not be trusted to govern for the people of the United States, I love you Senator Kaine.
Yes! I suggest single payer 
What do I do if I want the @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP to all immediately retire and stop ruining America?
Obamacare which doubled and tripled prices. Do u remember the computer application debacle? Fraud Ontop of Fraud from its inception.
Nope, sorry. We didn't throw Dems out all over the country because we wanted you to shove another crappy HC bill down our throats.
That, but FIRST I would like them to take care of the huge Russia issue that we seem to have sitting in the President's seat!
Democrats have horrible messages no single voice on any issue.  Just individuals making statements. Come on people get together
YES!!!!!!!
They are not that smart
Sounds great, but don't think it's actually possible.  Better throw these bums out in 2018 & start over!
I want both houses of Congress to STOP ALL legislation and get to the bottom of TrumpRussia before anything doing anything else!
What fixes? If one of those health care fixes is single payer...then I'll retweet. The platform cannot solely be opposition to DT & Repubs.
Or they could focus on that & cleaning up their act, #ImpeachTrump dump Ryan, McConnell & start working for the people & not Putin & Kochs!
repeal is a strategy to torture Americans&could backfire-dare to contemplate'take away human healthcare', imprison if one doesn't insure car
