making my voice heard "Stop the russia an Trump lie " made up by you thugs
See Timmy, first you complain you don't want them to drop it,.. now you do??? Don't know what you're smokin' pal,.. but I want some!!
I keep trying Tim to get you to express your plan ideas but you won't because you are too busy spewing the dimms talking points
Yeah! Let's make this whole thing a waste of time! Why agree upon a solution when we can just continue to pay into a system that is broken?
Can you freaking hear me REPEAL OBAMACARE
You must be using Sprint now, can't hear you. Switch to Verizon, better service. Still, ACA > Zombie Trumpcare.
False
Thank God you and Hillary didn't win!!

Ur son is going to jail
You need to drop the failing obomacare
Keep leading the charge, Senator! We are grateful!
Lol
Agreed. And dump #Obamacare too. Here's why:
Trumcare is a big screw up .
The Affordable healthcare act works .
@gop represents American majority. The people will win this one, Senator. There will be a repeal of Obamacare.
Repeal don't replace.
Can we revamp healthcare costs and insurance companies while we're at it? Root of the problem
That's not how basic economics work.
Let me tell all you politicians something you better get butts to work replaced or repeal this healthcare disaster. The cost for me is BS.
Senator Kaine, they can't collectively pass a 5th grade test let alone a comprehensive medical health care plan!
I'm a republican against #Trumpcare , Tim. Always have been, always will be.
It's not enough to drop it, both sides need to fix this crap we are stuck with.
Sorry senator but Americans can't survive with ur plan. I don't want the new healthcare rushed. Cannot repeat the same disaster
Sure will
Can we just drop Trump?
I'm mentally exhausted.
Good plan considering #aca is collapsing & dems haven't put forth 1 idea to make it better. Ask Alabama how they feel having only 1 provider
Please stop being part of the problem and become a hero for the people. There is a solution, us, not us vs them. Unify for all Americans.
Its clearly not Trumpcare.  He is letting the gop establishment prove how useless they are so he can get a clean repeal.
Keep fighting against the left's ignorance!
What's Trump care??? Only the left calls it that. Trump didn't make this bill. Stop with the b.s. & lies.
I agree. Drop #Trumpcare and just repeal the failing #Obamacare.  keep government out.
#KnockKnock @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker @RepDianeBlack ("Nurse" turn repugnican (sic) who blocks this vet/constituent so RTs R appreciated!)
You can't even conduct a household!!
First they must repeal Obamacare 
I know people who have recently received letters stating their medical providers are leaving the market place at the end of the year.
And repeal once and for all!
#SaveTheACA #NoRepeal
STOP WASTING ALL OUR MONEY. GET BEHIND OUR PRESIDENT, OR GET OUT. .WE CAN DRAIN THE POLLUTED SWAMP. VOTE OUT THE NEGATIVITY. bye bye
Sorry, Tim, right now most of us are worried about our country going to hell in a handbasket until Trumpty-Dumpty is impeached!
might want to put your kid on a leash. do some parenting
My Senators are you and @MarkWarner. I love the job you two are doing.
Democrates have no voice
WHAT? You had a voice for 8 years, and now you still suppress Republicans!
@timkaine the #trumpdontcare is dead, hopefully they will work with the @Democrats now to fix whatever needs adjustments.
If the GOP does not repeal the ACH they will be removed and replace in 2018. Democrats gave us the disaster known as Obamacare. Repeal it
It is up to both parties to tackle the astronomical costs of healthcare in the US
Trying so hard! Thanks for your support & leadership!
We know the fight is not over! Just a breather...We are ready to keep fighting!
Trump is willing to destabilize the insurance markets to create the impression that the ACA is collapsing on its own. This tweet proves it.
It is collapsing on its own.  Premiums up 250% since obamacare, and fewer choices
Going to Senator Capital's office to support family tomorrow. Nothing's dead with this group
Increase individual penalty for not having ACA thorugh IRS. People will join the program and premiums will go down.
I don't care what happens as long as we put a good healthcare program in place.right now we do not have one!! Call it whatuwantcare both
We have to be aware of the next steps too!
Thank you sir! 
They didn't reject bill bc they listened to their constituents, they wanted more tax cuts.. Dems aren't listening either.. single-payer, bro
hell yes! keep Obamacare in place and bankrupt every family on it!!!!
Where is your bill? Get it done!
The only ppl grateful for Obamacare are the ones who get the free OBama phones and r leaches
Trumpcare Translation: Repeal & Replace= Search & Destroy
Agreed scream full repel of this Obama failure!
Thank you, @timkaine. It's not over until @GOP comes to the table w/ @TheDemocrats. #SaveMedicaid #ACA
We will never agree with democrats and their continued agenda.
It is dead and so are they.
Will do.
On it!!!
Absolutely. Full repeal is the only solution. The government cannot run a McDonald's, much less a health care system.
Do you ever go to the post office?
Just waiting for @senrobportman  to boldly come out AGAINST the plan after it failed (again).
i remember when they made their voices heard in november. that was a good one eh timmay.
And leave ObamaCare to fail on its own merits. Rally to the cause!
Obamacare belongs in the trash
The bill is dead thanks to Senator Lee and Moran
Call for full repel! No Obama care light!
Do you ever do beer burps when you are being interviewed
Why? So we can go to a failed system aka single payer??

TrumpCare is Deathcare not BetterCare!
It's Not Relief for the Rich & Wealthy!
Repeal & Replace Trump America!
Call your Senator's
Thank You
Full repel!
Thank you for being so outspoken on healthcare.
Thank you for your leadership!
Yes, Dad!  #AmericasDad
because Trump > don't care
Ignore this man, he lost. Just can't cope with his own self defeat.
Fix? Can not, unsustainable!

