this rioter here is Antifa , Senator
you know him?
Hes been charged with Federal Riot violations

(can you spell Democrat hypocrite?)
His son likes weed
maybe it's the 'like father like son' deal
Think so!
America, vote these liars out. Huma has just been indicted for espionage & Hillary cannot B far behind.  They have no integrity, desperate!
Wake up, Democrats were the ones that put up all the Confederate statues & created the KKK. Learn history. Keep your son out of riots
While that might be true, that statement shows ignorance. When LBJ signed civil rights legislation, many of those flocked to the GOP
You need to learn history and not repeat talking points from ignorant Democrats.
You do understand that as a lawmaker you should have no business promoting lawlessness right? Explains where your kid got it from though.
to be fair, the pasta they were saving was awful
You were eloquent on Face the Nation.
@txlady3117 Action is necessary -words r just words until acted upon. Use instruments of democracy to achieve desired objectives.
Do you include people like this in your statement?
These are only words.Where's the plan. Steps to ensure our country doesn't get taken over by domestic terrorism HINT:Start w/ #25ththe45th
GOP control house and senate- GOP must bring impeachment in the house, then up to Senate to  remove.
And we need to call out GOP to stop with the empty platitudes &take these actions or they'll be culpable. Alternative is Mueller &handcuffs.
it seems to be a waste- sadly.  but, yes.
The strong mama bear of #HeatherHeyer told us today to make them pay attn so we need to make GOP listen &work for the people. #25ththe45th
What about last night??
And the democrats are salivating at the opportunity to play identity politics! #MAGA God bless #POTUSTrump

We are bludgeioning each other, not over racism but over politics.  Politicians like yourself, have no conscious!  You inflame, not reason!
To bad ur son is a terrorist
"Antifa" and "Black Lives Matter" have already done that Timmy.  Hate is hate no matter who the hater is & none have valid excuses for it.
@realDonaldTrump @georgesoros @TomiLahren hey, try looking @ antifa, BLM, ISIS, Sharpton, waters, yourself, etc first. It takes 2.
Agitation by liberals to portray President and his base as racists is very dangerous.  People will die defending their honor & U R 2 blame!
To say all Trump supporters are racists is like Hillary call us deplorable.  Pres Trump has denounced these animals, but Dems like U agitate
You seem to forget that Dems were not on the side of emancipation, Republicans freed the slaves.  Republicans are not party of racism, U R!
You brought us this now- What about your antifa son! Violence, and hatred- just like the KKK.
The Fathers and Grandfathers of todays America First.
We know what you and your buds r up 2, Tim #Killary #Patraeus #DebbieWassermanSchultz #AnthonyWeiner @#AwanBrothers #GovMcCauliffe #McCabe
Democrats paid the majority of racists to be there.  The handful of white racists in attendance doesn't mean the cause wasn't just.
Meanwhile, there are new bigots in town. They are called ANTIFA! Stop that hatred, why don't you? Hypocrite!
Thank you for your leadership in these difficult times. @realDonaldTrump is incompetent and lacks a moral compass. He should be #IMPEACH ed.
Tell your pocket filler George Soros to stop fixing up these fake scenes and then call it terror
Please Senator, not just words. Please introduce action on the Senate floor. Take the lead. @GovernorVA should be our next @POTUS
Learn history, Democrats put all Confederate statues up & started KKK. Wake up!!!

Maybe like Trump said you need to wait for the real facts to come out. Mayor was also  given  money from George Soros
Tim Kaine is the asshole neighbor everyone wishes would just move away! Far away!
What's the difference between the Kkk & Antifa? Aren't they both hate groups? Why aren't you condemning both?
Why don't you call up your peace loving ANTIFA who dress up like Ninjas with weapons to secure Virginia. Thank God you lost.
Gaza Crisis 2008-2009 EU/USA recognized Hamas as terror group.So on 8/19/17,Why are politicians listening to CAIR exactly?
Many of these rasists got away with murder and they still do. A fair society hasn´t one law for black and one for white. Ingrid, Sweden.
Blm and antifa are the violent racist hate groups.
So when your son was arrested and his coward's mask was ripped off, was that not also for violence, you hypocrite loser?
Mr Kaine, will you denounce Hillary and her KKK mentor Sen Robert Byrd?
I shall never fight in the armed forces with a negro by my side
https://twitter.com/timkaine/status/897569350043009024 … …James Woods added,
Charlottesville violence was fueled by one side: white supremacists spreading racism, intolerance & intimidation. Those are the facts.
Then why did the mayor/govenor tell the police to stand down?
Do you also mean groups like #ANTIFA?
Except it was the white supremacists that were peaceful. It's the leftists that showed up with weapons looking for a fight, without a permit


#then why in the world did you and others give them the chance to come in. Knowing what was going to happen, you all cldve prevented it!
Empty suit....
Wasn't your son there or is he still in jail?  You must be so proud!
You mean back to when the @DNC was like this: 
https://www.prageru.com/courses/history/inconvenient-truth-about-democratic-party …
Thank you Senator. Please urge House to impeach 45 and invoke the 25th amendment. He's a Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing the nation.
You mean your son does stop protecting these thugs there are only about 3,000 of those whote supremacist scum but millions of your sons ilk
You mean #AntifaTerroristOrganization #BLM funded by #NaziSoros...Along with THE worst race-baiting hateful president ever #Obama blame them
You obviously haven't heard of Antifa? When will you admit to that? You and your son need to take the plank out of your eyes first.
We must STAND TOGETHER AS A NATION, NOW!!!  That is how we are THE UNITED states of AMERICA!!!  The donald has GOT TO GO!!!

and what about BLACK LIVES MATTER Timmy, anarchists funded by George Soros who contributed to YOUR CAMPAIGN! Oh, and McAuliffe's also, hmmm?
We must STAND TOGETHER AS A NATION, NOW!!!  That is how we are THE UNITED states of AMERICA!!!  The donald has GOT TO GO!!!
Alt-left thugs that you support want that to happen that's for sure!!
How is that violent criminal son of yours doing Tim?
Trump has destroyed Dems, so they yell Russia, Russia, Russia. That didn't work so you move on to Racist, Racist, Racist!!!

I do hope you know #ANTIFA is a hate group and that worthless governor of va that I regret voting for you two are supporting. Hate groups
#ImpeachTrump
#SayHisName
thank you!
TY!! Senator 
You, sir, are a traitor and and an embarrassment to our country. Only picked as Clintons running mate because you are ignorant and malleable
Thank goodness you aren't the VP.....I am not a bigot and it is Your Party that is dragging this country down.....just saying.
Go beyond words to action,Senator.  ImpeachTrump
Save statues as TEACHING + HEALING TOOLS. Don't tear down Williamsburg.
remove dt by any legal means available.. there is nothing worth putting up with this for.


and Antifa participants, like your own son, want to drag America back to the days where people were beheaded for having opposing views.
our @AsianDems will stand up against Neo Nazis and white supremacists!
You're a democrat, you should know.
Are you sure?
Thank you Senator. Please impeach Trump now
Where were the State and Local Police?   Those who allowed the clash have blood on their hands!
Please call the president out by name!
Agreed. The leftists have gotten out of control. Their tantrums over the end of the welfare/ entitlement/ no rule of law state of last 8 yrs
To all the haters here – the moral equivalency that you keep trying to make won’t hold up? I don’t know much about Antifa (never heard of...
it before pres hater was elected) but do you really think all people willing to stand up to Nazis terrorists & the like are part of some...
violent hate group themselves? They are – and the group is called BRAVE AMERICANS! Look in the mirror and admit who you are.
How's that scumbag of a son of yours ? Is he still able, Kaine ? 

#Trump #MAGA
Act now to take Toxic Trump out of office!
I'm not sure Virginia or any other state ever left the days of hatred and bigotry

The Resistance and BLM have already done so.
But what about all those Confederates we  learned about in Virginia History?
Just like you and your son Linwood M Kaine. Have you publicly denounced him?
.Does worthless woody agree?
Your boy still in jail? Assault? Antifa? Yes Yes Yes
Reality: Hatred from any group is wrong. Hatred from Antifa, BLM no different from NeoNazis, KKK. All present & promote violence.
None of the groups represent USA. Gov McAuliffe should have kept all of these groups separated, not used politically. Trumped condemned all.
We The People THANK GOD YOU are not in the WH! THANK YOU JESUS!!!!
@timkaine your criminal son was arrested and charged for rioting and violence with the group #ANTIFA #AntifaTerrorists
Chicago pastor calls for renaming G Washington and A Jackson parks because they we slave owners. Do you agree?
Will you call to remove Robert Byrd's name from all federal bldgs since he was a KKK recruit in WV? Also Russell B Long was a segregationist
Let's all do our part to maintain Virginia on the good path !
Timmy might want to sort out his fascist kid who showed up at a peaceful rally and assaulted people..lead by example and publicly apologize
Didn't your son get arrested for violent protesting? Hypocrite. Glad you are no where near the White House
I don't think the handful of people to whom you refer have any influence on most Americans, so please stop slamming us great Virginians.

@realDonaldTrump @timkaine Like your SON Senator Kaine~The Apple doesn't fall from the tree~What happened to the Charges?  Dropped?
Look in the mirror Tim. You are part of the problem.
So does this mean you support the violent actions of antifa during their part in this tragic incident?
Please ur Party celebrates it... What r u talking about? Ur son is part of a hateful coalition #Arrested or #U4got
Way to go Senator!
like this person on Twitter
Then what will you do about it? #trumpResign #Impeach45
Most of the hatred, bigotry, & intolerance streams from the Socialist Democrats. Who want to end free speech.
We shall see.
So please get busy sir
Antifa was just there with weapons for a picnic guys
This guy loves the racists black lives matter
Both alt-right and alt-left are the same bad. We should denounce both.
You still have 2020 ahead Tim Kaine. Supporting democracy and good political leadership
Sen. Kaine, We The People need a progress report on Mueller's findings.
The only slave owners r the politicians of the #DNC keep'n people on the Democratic Plantation. Want to be free? leave the DNC #getajob
Putin's greatest trophy will be to have America divided by states seceding from USA! Trump is fueling the hatred! We are stronger together!
Think about! The immigration ban, the supposed 3,000,000 votes by undocumented, electoral college, white supremacy march! Talks of secession

Spotted a counter protester with bow and arrow. #Charlottesville 
You should be our VP

Protesters are definitely outnumbered trying to enter the park. #Charlottesville 
Please keep your eyes on Putin's plan for USA! Discredit institutions, disrupt democracy, manipulate media AND DIVIDE AMERICA! Secessions

Clash between protesters and counter protesters. Police says "We'll not intervene until given command to do so." #Charlottesville 
Enough said senator
Have you been to the Southern half of Virginia?  The confederacy is alive n well there.

9.  was standing passively by, seemingly waiting for violence to take place, so that they'd have grounds to declare 'unlawful assembly'.
Stop, stop the madness
Please do something. We need you.
Nice and general. Vague. Now show some guts and patriotism and point blank call out Trump!
Looks like "Wes Bellamy" brings plenty of hatred & bigotry to Charlottesville.  Boy are we lucky you're not our VP 
Hear!!  Hear!!  Senator!!  We will not!!

and so YOUR SON IS WHAT ANTIFA? STILL A TERRORIST!!!
#KKK = #democRATS

#byrd #hilLIARy
WHEN THE KLAN HAD POWER: In the 1920s the KKK marched 50,000 men in hoods down 5th Ave in NY--they were headed to the Dem Nat'l Convention 
Terrible job raising your son. What about the intolerance and intimidation coming from Antifa thugs like your son? Those are facts too.
You are going to reap what you sow in these words Tim. You know them to be a lie. We will call you out! Twisted twister
To bad Alabama doesn't feel this way. The people here are so bassackwards they decided to vote for Roy Moore.... #bullconnor2.0
#pray4us
Yeah but the rest of us voted for Jones. Some of us try
Wot say u... failed #VP candidate?
We introduce to you @timkaine's #Antifa Thug son everybody  #MorningJoe 
Without white supremacy n nazis there'd be no antifa...just a thought
Simply a jackass
Leftist violence will be spotlighted by Trump. No more sweeping it under the rug. Your day of accountability is here
You sound like your still pissed the Dems lost the election. Your previous leader brought hatred and racism. God bless President Trump.
Mr.Tim Kaine, you are a white man and that is a fact 1.Your identity qualifies you as a white supremacist hater and bigotry fact2.Hypocrite3
Us Virginians we go forward never backwards and we will keep going
https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.pinimg.com%2F736x%2Fae%2Fce%2F05%2Faece05d5be0ce766e80ce880ed140de3--hillary-rodham-clinton-clinton-njie.jpg&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.pinterest.com%2Fpin%2F508625351650007772%2F&docid=SeB_gFDd1dCybM&tbnid=nFvd-UfYrJWr7M%3A&vet=10ahUKEwjR8J2f99XVAhWhxFQKHeXaBgYQMwg8KAUwBQ..i&w=480&h=360&client=ms-android-sprint-mvno-us&bih=559&biw=360&q=robert%20byrd%20Hillary%20Clinton%20kiss&ved=0ahUKEwjR8J2f99XVAhWhxFQKHeXaBgYQMwg8KAUwBQ&iact=mrc&uact=8 …
You're mistaken, you and the rest of the liberals have so much anger and hate in your because you still cant handle the presidential loss.
I am On the Trump train and detest violence perpetrated by alt right and alt left you are not truly representing your constitiuents
Kane you and the Dem are responsible for this
Hell Kaine your own son is a wanna be ANTIFA member. All involved are Terrorist not just right
What  of antifa radical rioters and the damage they have caused?





Go, Big Tim! Work it like a grownup should!

Sad to think free speech is not being honored in Virginia, no matter how horrific and repulsive it may be, and instead mob rule is supported
"Racism" charge is just 2 distract from dems' NOT DENOUNCING leftist violence ag police; destruction, beatings after election. Disgraceful
Wasn't your own son arrested at Antifada rally ? We all saw it !
We won't go back to times Dems ruled the South, owned salves and started the KKK. Taking down your parties statues WILL NOT erase your past
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SsCLaYB4rrE …  Why don't condemn your son's #Terrorist organization? #Hypocrite #BackTheBlue
Why havn't U mentioned the part that #altfascist played in the violence? Why were the Police told to stand down? Respond to these facts!
You should look into the war memorial in Lynchburg which lists three "colored" soldiers. That should be fixed.
Please start impeachment hearings and encourage others to support it, Trump is unfit for office and must be removed.
Amen!
You're on the frontline Virginia, time to make a stand. Sounds like most of the white supremacists are not even Virginians.
You lie!
No, we will not go back!
Then why in the fuck & how they were approved  to have a march or whatever???? Who let this shit happen yall had to know? I want the truth.
becuz Trump didn't/never will denounce his supporters. The KKK, white supremacists or anybody connected to a hate group. They voted, he won
Read the law and up hold it why was there only one permit
This loser of a politician will not call out a racist if they are a member of the Dem party. Vice-Mayor of Charlottesville comes to mind
