VA has come a long way toward equality. We have more work to do but we’ve made progress and we won’t let ourselves be dragged backwards.
How many countries is the US currently at war with?
I adore Pandas. I do not adore a hate-filled individual like you is using Panda as a nickname.
I'm actually not a snowflake. And President Obama wasn't and isn't a Muslim. Honestly...why do you hate him so?
Your grasp of reality is fine.  I bet you believe I'm Jewish, too.
It's a troll. Don't fall for it. Don't engage. It's trying to pull you in. Deny it a target. Block.
How about supporting #SinglePayer #Medicare4All instead of giving unsolicited advice? Use your voice for something useful.
Yea, let's give politicians more opportunity and power to control our lives and rob us blind! All for single payer and communism! Can't wait
It’s amazing how single payer works in every other country but somehow wouldn’t work here. Sad that we don’t trust ourselves to do right.
In Brazil people are selling their pride for the monthly box of gov food...no self esteem, no pride, living off others...
In US people have to open Go Fund Me accounts to raise money for medical treatment.  Even people with health insurance! Charity care?
Until the late 80’s anyone could get a premium policy for $50-$100/mo. ‘The poor will always be among us..” Jesus Christ “give from heart..”
EvRey politician knows Care for all will not work,but it will give THEM Control and Power, so they make it a rich vs poor warfare..sick
Unless Senator, u r talking about http://trump.How  long is r Government going 2 let this maniac continue his white supremacist tirade
Donald J Trump-shall face justice him and his Nazi crew will be brought to justice and I hope it is swift and severe
I am with u. And I hope it takes down all the hate trump supporters r bringing 2 our Country too
It will bring them down we have stopped the Nazis before and we will do it again
The only people claiming to be Nazis communist socialist Antifa are Democrats. Hitler was the National Socialist Party...learn history
Tell your son.  You raised a real winner.
Destroy all nazi
Can't wait until you are out of office.
If your worried about violence, keep your son home.
It only takes one bad mouth to cause a riot..
How did you vote in giving Trump war powers? It's too bad U.S. govt doesn't walk the talk about violence against citizens & in the world
I'm glad your "haters go home" commenting governor got the memo!!
That's what I keep telling the guy with the hairspray.
Yeah violence is not the answer a peaceful demonstration is the way it oughta be
Right wing plants will make trouble to blame on left. Old tactic.
That never happens
Except when it does
People are asleep.
If you mad your party would quit causing them, they would go away. I bet you could make one phone call!
Did you tell your Loser son that??
oh but it was ok when the campaighn was going on! Whats different hypocrite? When will you see you are not in our best interests ?
Alt left is inherently violent
Medicare for all
What a hypocrite politician, stir up class warfare and then pray for no violence..
Unless you're dropping bombs on innocent people. Then that's a different story.
The last election was rigged Tim, Trump is not legitimate President. We need mass protests to shut things down.
Your right, Trump also one the popular vote! New Hamshire is now shown to have also gone to him once the ghost votes r taken out!
Tim- I can't believe you're not screaming about the vote fraud in WI MI PA! What does Trump have on you all???! #unhackthevote
THE FACTS!!
So I guess your son won't be attending?
Tell that to your resistance leftist movement.
Tell that to your fellow lefties. Do you know where your son is?  Go check the basement and tell him to be peaceful. Virginia is watching.
No one got paid in Richmond Senator. Major difference from 434 and 804 my friend.
Well Timmy, hopefully you didn't invite your son and his fellow ANTIFA thugs...if so, then the corresponding violence is squarely on you.
Good job Richmond! Peaceful counter protest, and the Nazis looked pretty foolish with their GoFundMe for towing fees.
And term limits. Soon
Best words out of your mouth !
Check out the list of arrestees from Richmond protest today. See if you notice a familiar word..mask, mask, mask, mask=ANTIFA.
Why is violence always acceptable on the receiving end when ur ass is black! War is violence-this country was taken from Indians violently!
@timkaine tell your Antifa son the same
Did you tell your son that?
Go juggalos
We are desperate for more grownups like this!
implied quote — "FROM EITHER SIDE"
#LoserTim Kaine is more embarrassed by his loss than @HillaryClinton. Won't even list his VP run in his bio... Sad!
If there is violence, make sure the police actually do their jobs correctly and arrest anyone on either side who cause conflict
Did yu tell your son that ?
Violence is the product of a weak mind.
Living it in St.Louis! When protesters start damaging others property the message is lost! No one hears you anymore, you've lost credibility
AMEN Senator, AMEN!!
With lots of respect, Senator, we're fighting #Nazis here. Ask your father/grandfather if violence is okay in those circumstances. #Richmond
That's not what @realDonaldTrump taught us.
Did you tell your son that
Unless there  are Nazis, see a Nazi punch a nazi
Wait, i thought it was ok if Leftists were beating people?  What changed?
That is a very fine statement Sir
are you going to be in Bristol for BRR??
You should be tweeting about the violence constantly bestowed upon minorities, not the possibility of the reaction to it.
Since violence is unacceptable, why don't you stop with the identity politics? Your INFORMED constituents see what you're doing.
He needs to start at home with his son. Guess he never had a man to teach him values and ethics
You called for violence. It's not demonstration. It is rioters destroying their cities.
(… Unless it's on both sides.)
Tell your son that 
Really Timmy remember ur statement in Jan about we must fight in the sts to resist trump. The Bible calls u a doubleminded man.
Nor is attempting to suppress a demonstration/protest.
So WWII was unacceptable?  Huh?!?
Every needs to do a heart check and see what is
Tell that to Woody.
You give that speech to your kid?
.I will bet you never told that to worthless woody
Tim your talking like a smart man thank god we all need to work together to move our Beautiful country forward #BuildTheWall
It was in the American Revolution...
Unless, of course, you're a member of the St Louis PD.
Tell that to the police
Talk to your son not us
Bless you, Sen. Kaine!
I agree, thank you for spreading peace.
SENATOR.IF THEY REDUCE MILITARY SPENDING SUPPORT IT YOU AND ALL!
MLK seemed to think that as well, yet 50+yrs latr cops are MURDERERING unnarmed black Amer., PLANTING evidnc while RECORDED, and nt guilty..
u can only thrw so many teabags in the harbour before people in ivory towers need to be MAdE to listen
The last time people professed that opinion Sen Kaine we waited too long & the result was 75 Million paid with their lives! You're wrong!
Attacking Fascism is in fact a NECESSITY ... and by Fascism I mean ANY ideology that claims a RIGHT to Dominate & enslave other peoples!
Reported police n Charlottesville were told to stand down & let anti-USA Dems' Antifa start violent attacks. That started w/McAuliffe stmts
What's your son doing in antifa then?
Worry about your own kids. 

Btw, you should still be embarassed about that debate performance. Jesuit education? Pfffft. My foot.
You all don't stay peaceful when you all are campaigning. So it's OK for you but not for use.Step back and open your eyes.look in the mirror
Hear what you're saying. Why do we bomb people for Saudis? Why do we let police murder people? I'm a bit dubious about your concerns.
The more organized, the safer.. and police need to be the solution.. not the problem
Senator, with all due respect, PoC are the targets of an out of control @GOP . Voter suppession, Healthcare bill, @NRA , immigration, etc.
To ask them to be peaceful (time and time again) while the @GOP continue to target their well-being is becoming a very tough ask.
The same man that used "Crosscheck" to eliminate untold numbers of minorities from voting is in charge of Don's Voter Fraud Commission.
Please watch this documentary and ask yourself, "If I were a PoC, would I remain peaceful?"
We're calling riots "demonstrations" now? Your chickens are home to roost, leftists. The violent seeds you've sown are ripe for harvest.
Thank you for putting out this message to your democratic base.  Violence from the left must come to an end!
Wow. SMH. "violence is never acceptable" is completely wrong, Tim. "Never preferred", perhaps.
Tell that to the police!
Except the violence of endless bombing of civilians, that's cool
Why are you tweeting people this; why don't you start with your son 1st;he shows you no respect; pretty sad you're own family doesn't
Violence IS acceptable when you are DEFENDING DEMOCRACY against violent, rabid-dog, fascists.
Antifa is a hateful facist organization led by Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer
You should @ the cops.
Tell that to the police. They choose violence every single time. Its the way of the out of control police who violate peoples rights daily.
Don't break the law&u wont have a problem with the police pretty simple
After what happened in Charlottesville these marches should never happen. We are being portrayed as fools to the rest of the world.
Nobody to blame but yourself it's what your Democratic party brought to our society through domination of  schools for 50 yrs of liberalism
So far it looks like 6 folks showed up, and they are being relentlessly mocked by a laughing crowd. Go #RVA !
If your boys from Antifa are going to be there than peaceful has left town.
I hope you told the police that. When Nazi's walked through Virginia with torches- your police did nothing. Nor were they in riot gear.
They didn't need riot gear for the Nazis. They needed it for Antifa/BLM.  You know, the people in black masks
Tell that to the woman killed or the man almost beat to death by the Nazis. Nice spin on what happened there.
Socialism isn't Answer 4 working class onVa's Eastern Shore Nelsonia Va 23414 please Encourage Black Entrepreneurship Vote RalphNortham
What we need is a love demonstration. How beautiful would that be? Imagine helping people we don't know simply because they need it.
Seriously?  You've raised a fine American, that son of yours. Preach to your family first #DemocraticClown 
Then put a Cork in Trump Mouth !!!!
You're a Racist' If You Don't Condemn All Violence including 
#Antifa
&
#KKK

And since you won't Tim you're a racist
Demonstrations for what? Do these demonstrators know something the courts don't or do they just assume guilt before innocence?
Tell Nancy and Chuck not to send their Antifa thugs to these events.
hopefully your dopey son won't be there then.
Are you referring to BOTH sides or only the ones who got permits to demonstrate?
You're more concerned about liberals fighting Nazis than Nazis fighting to exterminate Jews and non-whites? You know that's crazy, right?
Even your #antifa son
Just close your businesses and lock your doors.  Counter protest somewhere else.  Draw large crowds, business...show them the haters lose
Tell that to the people of st. Louis!
"Violence is never acceptable," unless you're wearing a suit & take money from the military industrial complex.
If y'all weren't trying to remove history like ISIS  we wouldn't have the problem we have now
You are dragging us backwards!!
Make sure your Antifa son gets this tweet.
Condemn antifa then!
Democrats will never condem antifa, antifa is their modern-day equivalent of the KKK, the enforcement arm of the Democratic Party...
So the anti-fascists are just like the fascists responsible for murder of millions? LOL

P.s. You suck at history.
Antifa lands in the "omg but her emails!" Category
...unless you're punching a nazi.
Hey Timmy, r you&McAulliffe going2march with the violent masked Antifa types today? If so, with or without a mask?
Tell that to your son
Be sure and get that message to your SON and his group ANTIFA They don't understand the meaning of peaceful protest as you well know
Cool! Then make sure your kid stays home before we kick his ass today
I guess you never taught your boy that sentiment. When an inanimate object causes one to feel so much fear, this is a real issue. A disorder
Seems like something you should have taught your own kid.
Unless it's politically beneficial for Democrats, then by all means the police will be stood down.
Easy to say when you weren't on the streets of Charlottesville. People have the right to stand their ground and protect their city.
Only if violence is being directed at them but most of the time it's not the answer.  Violence only begets more violence.
Ha!  You expect ANTIFA to be peaceful?
Yet Government is practicing violence against the people and the constitution every day!
Tell this to your son. FYI - He's the dude that's in your basement.
Ok for Cali, but when in your backdoor-you speak out?
VA needs to review State & local police security policies, strategy & implementation. Esp post C-Ville. Why not now? @GovernorVA

Tell The POLICe that!
Did you see this helpful thread from @MsPackyetti ? Might be good for you to review before asking for "peace" ...
In the wake of oppression, the powerful will ask the oppressed to choose “peace.”

What they really mean is order.…
Be safe everyone!
Yet the left promotes it.
I always wonder why politicians do not quote the First Amendment in full on this - it is quite explicit on "peaceably to assemble".
Yeah. Wht didn't those police go after those right wing Nazis who were yelling and screaming and advocating genocide while armed with guns.
Talk to your son about it
Spoken like a father to an #Anitfa #SnowFlake who was arrested for violence
Bingo...Antifa is the vessel the Left is using2 try2bring Cloward-Piven2fruition.#TheyMustBstopped
And if people are already stating "unless in self-defense," then they are not going in with peace in their hearts.
If the Nazis get violent I hope they all get their buts kicked.  If the police stand down true patriots will stand up.
Democrats are not the true patriots in this country. They want total government control of the people. Communism
Did you tell your boy this as he left to protest with Antifa today??
Did you tell that to your son?
Fair question.
It's a little late Tim after letting Charlottesville get out of control leading to one death
Yes because parents are responsible for what their grown children do
are you showing up Tim? Bring your son.
Don't punish the majority of peaceful protesters due to the actions of a few trouble makers.
Get real senator. The left are not capable of engaging in a civil protest. They are unhinged and unplugged.
On all sides? Just like Trump said weeks ago?
Tell me what you're doing to stop @GOP latest #DeathPanelPlan to end the ACA.  #SaveLinda #FixObamacare
Please make certain that your son, Linwood "Woody" Kaine, receives that memo 
Classic D. 'We've come a long way'? Who's 'we'? D's have stood in the way of black achievement since the end of the Civil War.
As long as your party stands for lies and bigotry there will be violence. How much will it take to make you sick enough?
Violence is accepted when police kill Black men. The police are afraid because America is too heavily armed. Stop taking NRA money. #Insane
When you go.....you go...it's what is...risk.
Yeah, Tim, ur son doesn't understand that, being a member of a terrorist group, Antifa. Preach that to him. Did a great job raising him.
My demonstration with Lavendar dogs is always peaceful.
????? Hope your hairdressing skills are better than your writing skills ~
Make sure that goes for Virginia police as well.
You tweeted the non violent protest msg to all of us. Was this meant to be a personal text to your ANTI First Amendment criminal son? #MAGA
Violence is acceptable when oligarchs hold power
Police violence and racist judiciary system are never acceptable. #nojusticenopeace

I'd like you to throw that proof up on the table.
Right now millions of people are scared because we are probbly going to lose our healthcare
Can't lose what you never had. Thank Obamacare for your high rates. Passed with no republican votes

Thank you for saying this.
Except when the violent person is the President of the U.S or a Republican..
Are you speaking daily to end the wars in Afghanistan and Yemen? End the drone program?
I hope security is more comprehensive than the debacle at Charlottesville...
In some states If you defend yourself you go to jail because they always take the person standing to jail person on the ground don't
The state of ignorance and "false statements as truths". lol
Are you going to be there? We need our leaders to step up
This is important.. Republicans are not the only ones offering little more than  thoughts and prayers.
Tell your son that
Unless you run over the assholes carrying confederate flags. That's perfectly acceptable.
Unless you're punching Nazis then
I take it we can expect some more of Trump's gun waving torch carrying white trash traitor's and terrorists that likely won't listen.
Hi good morning Mr SENATOR .I am here my friend .
Democrats  are not peaceful
