And that would be what exactly?
He's not my president
I just put that sticker on my car. NOT MY PRESIDENT and a RESIST sticker right under it. Some redneck will prob key it. #Resist
And right above the Handicap license plates?
READ #2: When you tell lies there's always someone who knows the truth
Really?  @POTUS has gone above and beyond the Jones Act & has done much more then I would for a colony that more then half hate America.
Hey Senator ,he is, quit trying to undermine the presidency, remember the oath you took,I doubt you do,along with the rest of your party
bravo Senator Tim for your great letter for support,bravo! hope the Government takes it seriously!
Point In Fact: you should be concentrating on the president's agenda and we are doing a great job helping PR!
READ: When you tell lies there's always someone who knows the truth
What sort of support is Russia or North Korea offering?
How about picking up a newspaper, since you're too azy to keep up with what's going on in D.C.
Yes...this is Inhumane and UnAmerican
False you say....Are you kidding I have friends in PR who's family members are suffering as we speak and yet to receive Nothing
Not kidding, false I said. Sorry all people in PR suffering. Not Trump's fault storm hit PR. He sent help ASAP. UR JUST A HATER. Get over it
Hater not , The love for people Yes..if we were at War Shit would have been happening rather quickly , No excuse!!
They need to be a state.  it's why we fought the damn Brits.
Soooo, when are heading down to render aid?
Stop being a sore loser. It's unbecoming.
Preparing for emergencies is responsibility of family. Then state and local government. And lastly Fed government.
TY, Senator!
@realDonaldTrump @VP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer
Get military help to PR #NOW
WHY MUST PUERTO RICO BEG?
Send military assistance now!
First step to end our national scourge of political cruelty/oblivion.
.It is amazing how irrelevant you actually are and yet how relevant you think you are.  Thank God you are not the VP
Why not take military ships loaded with helicopters to deliver some goods since that might be only way to get to remote areas?
@POTUS: You need to act on the actions called for in the letter from Senator Kaine and others to immediately help Puerto Rico and Virgin Is.
Thank U because this @WhiteHouse is disgusting
https://twitter.com/edatpost/status/913092849087938560 …
Cc: @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems #PuertoRico NOW
SCOOP: White House is restricting lawmakers from visiting Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, aides say http://wapo.st/2yt3Xmv?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.47cbb0bb68b8 …
Thank you!
The governor of Puerto Rico is praising President Trump. What the fuck are you watching?
Can we send retired cruise ships are ships that are no longer in use to the islands that were affected by the hurricane?
Demand that he do it. Hold up all of his appointments and stop all of his legislative efforts.
*Congress
Maybe if Puerto Ricans Started Waving Nazi and Confederate Flags, Trump would get them the Help that they Need.?  @PressSec @ezraklein @DNC
They need help now stop running your mouth get me over there I'll do what ever I can stop.calling on the President the assets are there
You people are so disgusting! Trump and FEMA did awesome for Irma Florida and Puerto Rico will take time. Send your son.
The problem with the age of internet is people listen to a popular account lie over and over again. There is aid being sent. Stop lying Tim
Our president is too busy worrying about tax cuts to make himself richer instead of worrying about people that are dying. Yell louder!
His phone must be outta charge with all that tweeting -he aint answering. Clear example of his racism and favoritism
Shut your mouth http://Kaine.You  and your lowlife son go over there and feed the ppl.Let's see action from you actually helping.
Stop lying, Timmy.
@HillaryClinton and @timkaine would have had this in the works already.  Can't believe this moron has to be begged to do the right thing.
Keep pandering Timmy next year will be your last.  Vote tim Kaine out in 2018
Even with the Governor thanking him for his quick response?
The Government is More than the President, it also Includes Congress, which is as worthless as Tits on a Bull Hog!
The president don't need any advise from Tim Kaine,,the guy is not smart ,how did he get elected?
Get on your boat and go help!
Ongoing presence in Puerto Rico. Has been for a while.
That's strange...the governor of PR said FEMA & the President were doing an excellent job. We aren't trying to play politics are we Senator?
Trump & Senate voted for $700Billion in WAR in a blink of an eye, but refuse to help PuertoRico, after US Elite pillaged the island 4 years
Don't we have a Naval ship to send over full of supplies, allow residents to get showers, etc? Where r the cruise lines 4 this catastrophe?
thank you so much Tim. Any effort and help is much needed
This President and VP are tone deaf to the suffering in Puerto Rico and USVI. They do not care.
Thank you!
Pretty sure President Trump isn't listening. These people have no representation and they aren't white.
Your white no one wants to listen to you
You do something!! A good deed for the horrible Obamacare you endorsed!
Letters are not helping. Mobilize your colleagues, pass a bill giving them $, forgive the debt, and fill a plane w volunteers & supplies
Thank you @timkaine! Support waiver of the #JonesAct.
He might have a hearing problem, on top of many other ailments.
Ppl in Houston STILL waiting for their promised $500 FEMA check.
Trump still schilling $40 red hats, though.
#ImpeachTrump
The senate better get to work.  Trump is busy tweeting.
Does DJT even Know that P.R. is part of America?
Probably not.
PR complaints are unwarranted and false. Monday personally saw USAF load C5s w/ large generators, COW/cellular-site on wheels, h2o. TK LIES.
Donald Trump does not care about Puerto Rican people
The media doesn't care about the Puerto Rican people because the media is not reporting what Trump has done for Puerto Rico already
How about "we put our full support behind the administration and will do whatever is needed to help"
It is ironic that the “Hollywood Elitist” villains Trump speaks of

We’re the ones who actually used their own money & equip to help
Thank you @timkaine for your efforts to help those in need. Now if that disappointment in the White House would even pretend he cared...
Why don't you get your Running mate to help Puerto Rico the way she helped Hati? Maybe she'll cut you in for a %
Hes sending everything he can.. Forgot we had disasters in TX & FL? Glad u & Hillary arent in the WH. Noone wld get help! U D's r pathetic!
go beat your drum in a bathroom, maybe the same bathroom Hillary hid her secret server in for sending and receiving TOP SECRET emails

The media lied to you about Trump's efforts to help Puerto Rico: http://bit.ly/2fpk5Oc 
why don't you call CLINTON FOUNDATION to give $ to Haiiti that they squandered
USNS Comfort is on the way, thousands on the ground.  Trump going there on Tuesday.  What is your problem?
Step up @realDonaldTrump
Because he is the BIG man.
Sadly they aren't the right color or socioeconomic standing for @realDonaldTrump #TrumpIsAWhiteSupremacist
We are calling on the Dems to come together with @POTUS to get tax reform done for the hard working American people. #VaVoter
It falls on deaf ears.
