it shouldn't be voted on. No legit biz/org/company would say 'we'll tell you AFTER you sign it'
Uhhh..Forgot Speaker Pelosi???
Was it a retweet from other acct?
no just us I think. But tons of people 'haha how bout Pelosi! yes dumb comment but ACA went on to have meetings/public availability/etc
Still think govt&ins co should get out of hcare. Prices will drop. True value will be assigned2every service. People will have skin in game
You might not like Michael Moore but Sicko is a very good documentary. You prob know more about it but heartbreaking all the denied folks.
Honestly - insurance does not care if we die. They do not see 'us' we are $$ or --
Obama sites have been pulling out long before Trump
Because GOP governors wouldn't support medicaid expansion and insurance companies are greedy.
And that is ocare so what is your point?
You know, people like you piss me off. They could fix it instead of getting rid of it but no, instead they want throw working poor and
So you jave seen the final draft?
No, I haven't.  But I know what the CBO says and they are going to rollback expanded medicaid and cut funds for regular medicaid.
Do you pay for healthcare now? And gee aeems everyone claims nobody has seen it. FAKE NEWS
They say you can keep your Dr. But they want that to be a surprise.
He's having secret meetings. Let me look. No, your not on the invited list. No worries, he's ordered behavioral experts to help you with it
What was Hillary hiding while thcthat private server and deleted emails
Sounds just like the democrats when trying to pass Obamacare!
As soon as parity is restored, you should lead the way to make this kind of shit illegal. #RyanIsACrook #TrumpIsAnIdiot #McConnellsAGangster
Probably slashing every program that helps the elderly, the sick, and the poor.
We're all screwed. People like me who have a husband with cancer -- Republicans don't care. They want us to pay.
As one of your constituents I want to know what you are doing to stop this run away train. Trump is putting the US on perilous ground.
not much the Senate Dems can do. The people with Repub senators have to put pressure on them or vote out
Sounds eerily familiar to what you Dems did with the ACA, and you are reporting search doom and gloom about it yet you don't know anything?
Govt has piles of documents they hide since our first president. Elite tell public only what they want them to believe
What is Obama hiding in his library?
@GeorgeTakei Waaaaaa, how about that Obamacare vote, remember that?
And what are you going to do about it?
Would you like to see the Jonathon Gruber video again.
We all know that they need to push something , anything through. They know that it is disgusting, but are very ashamed. As they should be.
@GeorgeTakei You Dems just don't get it, if you had copies today or a month ago you would be still be against it. What difference?
Unless it is health care for every American, it is my worst nightmare as I close in on retirement!
maybe the same problems you DEMS hid in 2009
I don't know, but I'll ask them. Are you willing to work with them?
#Holdthefloor
Funny how that works, eh Timmy? Wonder where they learned it???
The republicans are always dirty rats and they anything to pass even in the dark rooms. That's why they're dirty rats.
How horrible it is?
Don't just kvetch. Show some real fight!
they are hiding pure hell for humanity
You mean like when the Dens did the same thing?
That's what we want YOU to find out. No legal minds can figure out how to force a bill to be shown before it's voted on????
Take the offensive. Don't wait another day. See Below:
Are still in the senate? Thought you were VP, oh that's right still not relevant
trumps failures
Yeah, karma sucks for you.
Keep pushing for disclosure of health care bill. It bad for Americans and McConnell knows it. That's why he's hiding it.
Why do you let them get away with nonsense like this?
@timkaine please shut down the Senate. Bury this Bill in amendments. Filibuster by amendment...US citizens need you to fight for them.
#ShowUsTheBill #Trumpcare? Hm? Delete, Delete, What was SHE Hiding? Hey Tim, FYI: You're nothing but a big Joke. Stop Clinging 2 losers.
I thought you said it was secret. Where's your plan?

 I've asked many times but, No See
All the perks they kept for themselves and numerous ways they screwed the American people.
They know it's an awful bill. But what are YOU going to do about it? Time for Dem. action in the Senate. #VoteARama
You'll have to pass it to see what's in it....
These Republicans are the worst group of humans we have seen in a long time. #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Maybe they should be shot while practicing baseball, ehh Tim? Yours is the party of violence and death. Behind your smirk is a demon.
It shouldn't be allowed...
They are showing what it takes to pass legislation. What were the Democrats doing by not passing single payer?
The @SenateMajLdr #DeathPanel convenes in secret to steal healthcare from #America n provide tax cuts to the rich. Unprecedented animus!
That's easy, exactly how horrible it is and how many deaths can be attributed to it
Themselves, of course. #ShowUsTheBill #ShowUsTheBill means showing their own role in potenially hurting their constituents. Keep pressuring.
they can't hide forever
you wouldnt understand it anyway  you have crap for brains
So you are accusing them of acting the same way you did when you were the head of the DNC?
Why do we continue to call the GOP health care bill "TrunpCare"?  Obviously it should be called "TrumpDon'tCare".
Duh, they don't want you to know who is getting RICHER. Or how bad the American people will be screwed so they get richer. Always the case.
So you know next to nothing. Thanks for putting that out there.
I believe this is the "human right" violation 4 Trumpcare have operated behind closed doors. Ppl will die if cannot afford treatment...
Play Pence's response on TV if the news asks you what you think - let them speak for themselves (albeit 8 years later). 
If Democrats can't/won't do anything to STOP this State of Emergency. Go Home You're Useless
Democrats are making me sick to my stomach. Shut DC down. Republicans don't own America this is NOT their Company.
How are they supposed to do all of this as a minority party?  The Repubs don't need Dem votes for anything.
Interesting how it was okay when it was the democrats
What r they hidingWhat ru doing about it, is the question. There has 2B some law some where to stop this dictator.
That is so morally and ethically unAmerican and depraved #HoldTheFloor
Good question. Please find out and let us know.
The equivalent of murderi g 1000s of Americans.
Oh.  Also.  U lost to DT.   HahahahhHhH
What was Obama the Dictator hiding ????
You're a fraud and liar- and a hypocrite who didn't even read the obamacare bill before shoving it down the throats of US Citizens
They don't want us to know we are fucked until they fuck us.
What's the point in showing dems anything? No matter how great it is for us, they only obstruct! No more dems voting voice! #MAGA #NODEMS
The @GOP are #cowards - it if can’t survive daylight it shouldn’t pass.
Enough the citizens don't want it. Fox, yes their poll, a group they are so fond of, did a poll. Only 17% approval rating. Bill should die.
What aren't they hiding? This is now routine for them. People should call & send emails re knowing what's in this bill, ad nauseum!
@Ianto_back2_TW They are not public servants. They should be stripped of their duties!
We'll have to wait until the next election but they will get their just "reward".  :}
Horrible optics when you can use 'secret' & 'denial of adequate healthcare' to describe both N Korea & the GOP on same day #AHCA #sadbuttrue
Who are YOU? Oh yeah. Corporatist tool. Go away. You're damaged goods and the people are not feeling you.
Wasn't Obamacare done behind doors too?
When will we face that they have been criminally compromised by the very signing of Norquist's pledge that is requisite to get donor money?
Can you gather your Senate forces and create your own panel to scope out problems, needs and goals of existing health care system?
They have to pass for you to k ow what's in it!! 
Are they hiding that they want to gut Medicaid which is the only lifeline many seniors and disabled people have? I'm afraid so. #Heartless
How is this even legal?
@WillSeattle they are hiding everything. Everything. And not damn thing public can do. Every Senate GOP member shld lose job ASAP.
What is the point. All the dems will do is say people will die and offer no suggestions. So why waste the time
They're hiding how they plan to let rich people live and poor people die!!!
Get over it. Have you forgotten, obama care had to be voted on before the bill could be read - Nancy ?
Just like obama care
Maybe there is no there there.
They're hiding from democracy. They soullessly do their master's bidding.

Maybe the details of their healthcare bill are hidden with Trump's tax returns.
Maybe they should pass it via reconciliation after MA elects a REPUBLICAN to fill Ted Kennedy;s seat. Wait.....
the are crooked thats what they are hiding enough said keep fighting in senate we are behind you all we are staying up all night with you
Why didn't you ask the same of Obamacare ?  "YOU HAVE TO PASS IT TO READ IT ".
Come to Ohio and get zero health insurance in some countries. Remember "If you want to keep your doctor" bahaha
Your sons in jail dude. Go take care of your family!
What are you demanding?!
@damonbethea1 #HoldTheFloor
R's are still figuring out how much they'll get to line their pockets from lobbyists that does get to see it. #CorruptCongress
They don't want us to know how much of an increase they will get while those poor, sick and disabled have to die. No ins, care,meds,no life
#HoldTheFloor
THEY CALL THIS JUSTICE MUDT BE VERY BAD
Do NOT PASS THIS BILL. It will ruin us all.
They think they're hiding their utter contempt for their constituents, the country, and the Constitution.
You know very well - a big fat tax cut for the rich.
Let them "pass it so we can find out what's in it".Doesn't sound different than now.What were you hiding then?Can't keep your Dr. , plan....
Stop them.
2018 can't come fast enough
#HoldTheFloor !
No doubt they plan nothing to help anyone except the top 1 or 2%. GOP claimed ACA had death panels. Now they don't care if people die.
@SenateDems trying to avoid dems partisan obstruction. Work for our country instead of focusing on  anti-trump rhetoric
The key element is the protection & enhancement of corporations. Fascism is what the oligarchy wants, hence secret GOP legislation.
get the ama aarp hospital assn on board also to show us the bill! Thanks
@SenateGOP it must B well w/your soul sad on the brattiness.Ur only hurting us&revealing ur true self.What R U doing?Embarrassed
they're not hiding, the democrats aren't working. kaine and friends are in hiding.
Nancy said we have to pass the bill first and then find out what's in it.
Be afraid.
That's why it'll be known as TUCA (Trump Unaffordable Care Act).
It's like selling a cat in the sack
The mud on their faces?
Millions in tax breaks for the filthy rich
Thanks @timkaine from Virginia.
I say use the Nancy McFlappyhands famous "you have to pass it to see what's in it" strategy. Worked for the Dems!
Their debt to special interests and, in some cases ---RUSSIA!
You have to pass it to find out what's in it - #Pelosi on #Obamacare!  You were OK with that, so be OK with this!
Reps learned by the Dems example on the original omnibus bill, Obamacare, and how Dems shut them out. Seems Dems have a #DoubleStandard.
It's like dejavu all over again! " You have to pass the bill to see what's in it!"
How ignorant r u libs? Honestly! Obamacare passed @ 1am w/ unread amendments & 2300 pages of lies. Not 1 libtard or Republican read it.
Stop smoking Weed!! You won't be so paranoid.
You have to pass it before you read it!!  Dem rules, remember???
Right on Mr Vice President. You are the legit VP and we all know it.
We the people are speaking up and demanding what's right and just for all. We're basically calling them out when needed
I lost all my doctors under Obamacare , my bills have tripled !!! What are you talking about ?!?!?
But the back room Obamacare fiasco was ok? Hypocrisy has no bounds with Liberals
Where were you Tim when Nancy Pelosi  said let's vote in Obamacare to find out what is in it. 
Is it even legal?
Mrs Clinton was roundly castigated for creation of a health plan in "secret". That effort was at least discussed, not imposed.
@SenateDems need to hold the floor until rhey call the cops & start arresting people, that will get the attention to this thats needed
Your party ruined health care and instead of trying to help fix it, you just whine.
You will see the bill before it is voted on, Obama care was voted on before anybody saw what was inside, without debate.
Pander to the rich - no regard for the poor.  What else is new GOP
Do something, please
Hiding garbage @SenateMajLdr
Asked the same question when Communist Care was passed a few yrs ago.
Republicans protested greatly Mrs Clinton's "secrecy" in preparation of 90's health care proposal.   Republicans have no shame.
Yup!
Everything
Why?
I sure hope this bill will make the rich richer and poor poorer
sound familiar?
STAND STRONG SENATOR!! We the majority stand with you
With trump under investigation , why can't congress be stopped from passing any bills.
They just know a moron like wouldn't understand it anyway
If I remember correctly, it was Dems who passed Obamacare..."we have to pass it to see what's in it" pot calling the kettle black?
You don't. Republicans had input. And made changes.
They made zero changes on Obamacare and weren't even allowed to give input. Not one Rep voted for it either
I'm genuinely frightened about this. :(
,Got a Democratic Senator? Here’s how they can ACTUALLY PLAY HARDBALL on TrumpCare. Yes, they have tools to use. Ck out @ezralevin
You must experiencing Deja Vu about now #hypocrite
thank you!
Hold the floor, withhold consent, refuse to cooperate.
Refresh my memory-when were the public hearings on ACA. Did Speaker Pelosi not say "we have to pass it to see what is in it" NOT GREAT
What did y'all hide? That pesky secret that Americans were too dumb? That Ocare would break the backs of the working class?
A Lot
Disgraceful!!! Shameful! How is this allowed & legally possible in our democracy? Someone plz explain it to me.  @Rosie @johncusack
The D.C. Democrats don't deserve to see anything until it's passed Timmy... what goes around comes around!!!
#ShowUsTheBill
The bigger question is why are they getting away with it?
That their bill will be a hot mess.
What do you care, your not on it
Where were you @timkaine when the ACA was rammed down America's throat? Stop your whining.
POTUS thinks they can hide his HUGE LIES and EMPTY PROMISES! McConnell thinks he's  in charge, and IMPOTUS has lost this round.
Dear @timkaine: You're my senator. Why haven't you and other @SenateDems introduced a #singlepayer bill? #DemExit @GreenPartyUS
Guess you'll have to pass it to find out what's in it.
