Fine Ocare is so great Republicans shouldn't touch it with a ten foot pole, at least that way everyone will know what a sham it really is...
PLEASE FIGHT FOR US
....and we have to fight it ourselves too. We can do itZ, Call your Senators now!!!  And do it every day!  #resist #persist
Sorry Tim, f*ck easy DON'T MAKE IT POSSIBLE. #NUTUP please find some balls, sir. #win #quitlosing #AHCA #aca #Obamacare
I'd rather hear that the Dems will make it IMPOSSIBLE for GOP to destroy the lives of 23 million.  Can we have IMPOSSIBLE please?
If anyone voted right last year, sure.
Isn't that what Democrats did to America? Sign it to find out what was in it? 
Sure after 18 months. It was out there
What? Sending your son to beat them up again? #ObamaCare is a disaster #Repeal premiums went from $837 to $2,800mo #Independent #VotingGOP
Insurers can multiply that by 8x for seniors under #Trumpcare. 85% covered by premium increases under #Obamacare has assistance #Facts.
How is that a fact when #democrats are whinning about #HoldTheFloor because they have not seen the bill? You cannot have it both ways #MAGA
If was a good bill why havent we seen it? #makeAmericaTransparantAgain
My son was a good baby but I did not get to see him until he was formed! If #democrats worked as a team it would be different #Trumpcare
That makes zero sense. If you want to redirect heath care to a convo about #choice, try again. #GOP wants your son dead
How many millions don't have healthcare now because the can't afford it?
Hint: the number is higher than 23million.
23 million ? You mean taking it from illegals ? Hope so !!!!
How is this even happening?!?
#Why didn't Mitch,(so pleased with self)not even try 2 "fix"Affordable Health Care? Is he so hateful towards Obama that he'd hurt Ppl 1st?
I am glad someone still cares about regular people Trump sure doesn't i would like to know how much his income has increased
D's already screwed 330 mil of us to give 30 mil health care. Why not just make health care available to those that don't have or can't get!
Counting on you Senator.
How close do you keep your muslum  in your office. Why do you find necessary to fly to middle East alot because. Of your state.
ObamaCare is a complete disaster! Quit lying constitutes & pretending it was great. You never mentioned how many lost the doctor they liked.
I got to keep the life I loved because of the ACA. I didn't have a favorite doctor to lose.
You're one of many but also millions people can't use ACAinsurance, the deductible is unaffordable. We need an affordable free market.
Then they should fix the parts that don't work and not destroy it.
I Don't believe in Abortion But, Your Daddy should have done us all a wonderful favor and put you in a Kleenex.
So sad, They met in secrecy with Obama and here they go again,  This reminds me of the stories I've heard about the Klan doing this long ago
Good. Hold the line!!
Would also hope the taxpayers are not paying for all these lawyers they are hiring in Washington
Eliminating government subsidies is not taking insurance away. Focus your efforts on reducing premiums.

your right the dums don't make it easy for any constructive plan for American Citizens, obumer care was a farce, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO HELP?
Thanks Senator Kaine, keep up the good work. Prayers!
More lies from progressive hypocrite
CALL YOUR SENATORS!! 202-224-3121 follow the prompts.
They better not make it easy!
Go Dems!  This will end up as Medicare for all like it should have decades ago.  Hope we don't take a wrong turn.
Rs haven't done crap for years.  Want total lawlessness plus corrupt judges.
@timkaine, if the very final amendment adds substitute language, changing to the AHCA final version, safe from changes,what will you do?
Stay strong!
You need to bring some repubs over to your side. Please, I don't want to die.
We are depending on you!
Hope the hell you're right.  Never underestimate the intent of the GOP! #ShowUsTheBill #STOPTrumpCare
Listening to you speak right now. Thank you for speaking so movingly for the children who have the least.
No one is taking healthcare away, Obama took it away, not Pres. Trump you should silly when you say things that are not true,
Great job @timkaine! Stay strong, you have our support #ShowUsTheBIll
#HoldTheFloor
Hope you are right. #ShowUsTheBIll
We appreciate you!!
ha... ha... ha... ... ... ...
BWAHAHAHAHAHA
Someone explain to him why I have ZERO confidence in this statement.
#30PLUSyearsofcapitulation
I cam not afford ocare so exactly what are you saying. BTW if you know that is true then stop complaining you not allowed to see it.
Thank you all for fighting for us 
Dems destroyed healthcare by forcing Obamacare on USA. Millions w/no healthcare b/c too expensive. No choice of doctor or hospital. Stop bs.
Democrats didn't show obama care. Remember we have to pass it to find out what's in it. Now it's collapsing.
@timkaine U give me hope. @SenateGOP working 2take away my healthcare. This Floridian will only vote DEMS in every election #gop_defector
KEEP UP THE FIGHT!!!
Senators reject it. People protest at the doors
It's already taken away from them because it has become too expensive.
but you were ok with it in 2010?? When nobody got to read the monstrosity we have now without passing it first?


Keep Fighting the Good fight!
Preach it Tim!
The 1% on a golden cloud of top notch healthcare, the rest of us fighting for the basic human right of health & even survival. #MAGA my azz.
Stop them!!! @timkaine
Then why did you not want to see aca before it was passed????
Yes sir Mr. Kaine, they must be hiding something really bad.
Respectfully, what are Senate democrats doing to ensure transparency? And that this dreadful bill doesn't pass? We need your leadership now!
Where is your plan to save the ACA?  Oh yea,  you do not have one!
RT @timkaine: D's won't make it easy for R's to secretly hatch a plan to take health insurance away from 23 million people #ShowUsTheBill
Just like the Democrats put out the first healthcare bill
@timkaine PLEASE continue to fight for our health care. Virginia thanks you!
#HoldTheFloor
Going to call for more violence in the streets nimrod?  @MSNBC @timkaine like you did on 02/01/2017.
We have to pass the bill to find out what is in it. - Nancy Pelosi
I got the best plan ever single-payer system everyone pays $75 a month per person and be done with it let the government oversee the program
By now we can safely ask you to vote against it. Perhaps he will realize he can't release sanctions, just give Putin a Cuban military base.
How dare they try to do what the Dems did with Obamacare!
You D's did that all by yourself.  High co-pay, high deductible currently make it impossible for many of us to take advantage of O'care!
Thank you!!!
And why do we have to beg our elected government officials??
They should make it impossible. Hurry Senators, we're drowning here!
We need Democratic leaders to stand up and LEAD. Obstruct injustice! Obstruct harming people. Obstruct wealthcare over healthcare. Obstruct!
I jabe no jealthcare under Ocare. Have youseen the R version? Seems so if your this worked up
Why don't you have healthcare?
.Obama Care did not cover all Citizens Where are the Funds Stolen by Obama from Freddie Mac & Fannie Mae For Obama Care?
Apparently, they're doing it, what are you doing to stop them?
Thank you Senator!
aren't there R's with a backbone who realize how immoral and pitiful this is?
god bless you!
NO TAX RETURNS = NO TAX REFORM, NO HEALTHCARE REFORM!!
We're all out here doing our part. #resist #persist
#HoldTheFloor
Ok Timmy....
Then what's your solution Senator. How do you expect us to pay for it, huh.
Maybe if Trump would show us his taxes, healthcare will be glorious! #whereisdemocratsplantofixobamacare?
Thank you, Senator Kaine!  Play hardball!
Thank you, America's Dad 
Keep up the focus and pressure Sen. Kaine!
Vote-a-rama with thousands of amendments please!
#RESIST
You will definitely have my support!
I hope not. We are counting on you!!!!
Fight with all your might.
Thanks for confirming ur obstructionists
Like Dems did with lame congress?
You do realize Mueller has the worlds best lawyer on money laundering, he put Enron execs in jail, Trump's next.
What does "...won't make it easy..." mean?  Sounds like you'll make it uncomfortable for R's, but the bill will pass anyway.  Any real plan?
What about the I's? We will not make it easy either!
Thank God there is someone still fighting for the American people!!!
there's no secret plan by republicans stop the conspiracy theories Tim, Obama care is crap it's worthless we need better
thank you thank you!  Fight like hell.
You are lame and dishonest people already loosing insurance due to failing ObamaCare! You and @BarackObama are terrible human beings!
Get real Schumer Stooge! If change to disastrous Obamacare u so strongly support is secret, how do u know what's in It? Schumer tell u ?
endless amendments
He can't he's too busy inciting violence against Republican congressmen
Oh, so the "you have to pass the bill before you can read the bill" excuse can only be used by the Dems?
So now #GOP standards are the Democratic party? Where's my wall BTW?
You have no power, cuck
Thank you K!! ;)
Shut down the senate. This isn't how a democracy works
I certainly hope not!  Be strong, Senator!
Well, YOU SAY THAT, Senator. Now do more than tweet about it. Please.
Please try to remember they are outnumbered.
Ah, the good ol' D's who drove up premiums & deductibles, expanded Medicaid, and made a mess out of the system. Some have no options in 2018
Thank you, Senator Kaine.  As a breast cancer survivor, Trumpcare will ruin me.  Please do EVERYTHING to stop it.
So nice to see action, rather than just words.  Stand strong!
Fight like hell! Thank you!
Let's make it impossible.
When someone has an option to have healthcare or not, and they choose not 2have coverage, thier healthcare is NOT 'being taken away fr them'
Good! Pull out all the stops... And when the Republicans cry "OBSTRUCTION" - Just calmly ask to debate the bill on it's merits... Thank you.
Sure, the Dems held a debate on the merits of ACA (Obama care)? How soon the left forgets about reconciliation when it came to ACA.
Thank god im leaving this state
Your affordable HC is not affordable. How do you expect a few middle class buyers to keep 23 million up? Do your job and fix this sh-t!
Who's going to be here to pay the government taxes if we are dying off?
Pull out everything you can to block these cold-hearted sadistic monsters.
DO NOT PLAY NICE!
The truth is simple. #Obamacare is the Conservative Alternative to Universal Healthcare. Anything less will fail the American People.
Please keep fighting this plan; we're counting on you. #ShowUsTheBill
More obstruction by @SenateDems, oblivious to why they lost in November. The rest of you should be voted out in 2018. 
#ShowUsTheBill.
senator keep on the heat please !!
Don't let them do it at all. Filibuster by amendment. Please.
Thank you Senator @timkaine Tim. Can you make my Republican senator @SenToddYoung toddpick up his phone and talk to his constituents
Please don't give up! We need you!
"... won't make it easy ..." is not good enough. Make it hard. Make it IMPOSSIBLE. Use any and all means at your disposal.
Good luck with that... they're determined to make themselves wealthier & kill off the needy.
I wish you were this diligent, when you guys passed the obacare nightmare!!!!
Thank you.
Y'all need to give @SenAngusKing a referee shirt and a loud whistle !!!
We are counting on our Democrats to make it so uncomfortable for them that they will do the right thing and set down to talk about it.
we love you! we love Obamacare! we love Americans -- healthy and healthier!! FIGHT!! #ACA
Senator, get with everyone you can and issue a statement telling the public to call those in that committee. Give phone numbers to call!
