Then get out of this society the rest of us have built with our hard-earned tax dollars, @isaias6869 .
Move to Russia then. But just so you know, most of the tax we pay goes to the Trump family expenses to traveling to promote 225LLCs & hotels
BTW taxes pay for the roads you drive on, the services of the fire department if your house is on fire or in a car accident and911op...
Like the person who bags your groceries or waits your table, pumps gas sells you shoes, clothes,etc. They work 8hrs and qualify for welfare
Raise wages and consumer prices go up.
And if you don't raise wages, consumer prices still go up.
Wages naturally go up as people progress in their respective jobs and or careers.  Hard work comes with rewards.
Sometimes.
If we raise wages to say 15.00 an hour for cooks at taco bell, then drafters who now make 20.00 hr should make 30.00 hr. All about value
Also, a drafter probably won't choose to work at Taco Bell, given the choice, even if wages are exactly equal. 2/2
I do get what you are saying.  Let the market dictate wages, NOT Govt
No thanks. I think the market needs guidance.
While i agree with this i think u better focus on trump's treason.
Lol how is anyone gonna give you proof if you refuse to believe it when you see it?
Proof is like statistics, it can be manipulated to prove the statisticians theory
@pvtjokerus @Conssista @VinceGottalotta @JuliaLaPorta RT if you think Kaine should worry about his terrorist criminal dirtbag son.just askin
My nephew went high school w/older brother. At governor school in Richmond. Kaine gave speech at graduation. Was actually ok. Abt 10yrs ago
He's certainly nuts now Killery brainwashed him I guess
He ended up being a bad governor. Can't remember who ran against him bt think it was someone who had served before in st. VA recycles  alot
Retweet if you believe the below...

and that every presidential ticket that wins the national vote should get the job.
This won't happen.
Another HYPERBOLIC ARGUMENT FROM THE left. "should", "struggle" ... Without the "struggle", we generally don't strive to achieve or overcome
Federal minimum wage level has fallen far behind rising inflation over the past three decades and today’s higher cost of living.
I believe you're a sellout to banks and HilLIARy - maybe not in that order.

I wouldn't trust you to babysit my rat - if I even had one.
Maybe you can help @ossoff explain this to @karenhandel who doesn't believe in a #livablewage
No, they should live within their means! But that would burst your socialist bubble and the billions you take from takpayers.
And everyone should have a 70' plasma
you & your violent inciting friends don't care about hard working people like myself who have to carry the burdens u Tim assign
Obama and the libs did nothing to make it better. More part time workers with low wages that they include in their employment #'s.
RT if you're happy we dont have a VP in office whose son was arrested for suspected felony 2nd degree rioting & resisting arrest.
#RT
alternative to pollution good idea
Depends on their education level and their job qualifications
all i need is daily bread and reasonably warm dry shelter.  money in my pocket for pollution is a bad idea.
Tim we need to fix voting ck out @mikefarb1 #unhackthevote
Raising the minimum wage will only increase inflation and make their $$ worth less.  It's basic economics.  But you only see votes.
That's overly simplified economics. By that logic, put a cap on compensation. That should decrease inflation or cause deflation.
“Should every job in America individually support a family of four?...not realistic.” said G. Peaslee, UPMC HR boss. UPMC keeping workers...

Their level of skill should be rewarded.  Flipping burgers is not a valuable skill.
Just because that's the only job available to them doesn't mean they have no skills. We don't all get opportunity to do what we're good at.
You will if you try.  This is not (yet) a socialist country, you work to make your life better.
You seem to lack some life experience.
to the contrary, I have far more than you, obviously.  Been there, done that.
...down. Dorothy you know UPMC that supports u and that you praise. Why don't u speak truth to power or does self preservation Trump truth?
Make them get education to get better paying jobs.
What's your son?
Let's make sure everyone has the opportunity to work full-time, too.
i work full time and still struggle. I make way more than min wage. What's the answer to that??
eat your children.
2 of 3 are out of the house. 3rd one would just be one meal.
According to Ben Carson, it's not a real struggle, but a state of mind. Republicans must be made to own that.
Don't misquote Dr. Carson. He did not say "it's not a real struggle". Those are your words.
Someone told me that if you can't make a decent living nowadays, you're doing something wrong.
you left up a couple points of the conversation you republicunt
50 years old and calling people names on the internet? Such tolerance
I thought Chump was 70?
lol
Low wage jobs are for teenagers!
Sure, negate that college education. Give everyone who works a living wage. Who needs an education when a burger flipper can buy a house.
Come to SW VA Senator.. specially Dickenson Co! McAuliffe doesn't know where we are!! Need jobs other than coal! Solar!!! We Need You Here!!
sir  respecte i nied help
@Liberty2Bfree You hurt businesses with this idea. Why do Dems go in the wrong direction every time.  Fix everything #Trump
@Liberty2Bfree Instead push for affordable education, so that ppl can get the skills that would help them earn more.
I don't believe this should be the 1st thing Dems attempt to accomplish. Not all democrats agree w/ that or immigration, I don't.
It’s not how much you make that matters, it’s how much you don’t don’t spend.
I'm just glad neither party criticizes disability compensation to veterans.
In my little pretend world, you are my VP...but, I don't think raising the minimum wage will have the miracle effect some think it will.
Yeah.. I'm with you on that.. while CEO executives barely lift a finger they receive millions of dollars each year
Hopefully someday getting to full time status will be less of a struggle, too.
I'd go one step further and remove "who works full time," leaving the rest as-is.
Tim!! Help 
Those who work p/t as well.
Why is Jared Kuschner still allowed in the White House?  All of Congress are putting us in danger. Fix this NOW.
Retweet as many times as needed.
Should has nothing to do with it.
Won't raising the MW just get passed on to consumers?
What are your thoughts about also working towards laws to reign in human greed for those at the top?
Staying in Harlem, I met a man doing 3 jobs & still struggling. He lived in 1 room & worked through Labor Day. Is that Capitalism at work?
According to Ben Carson poverty is a "state of mind" !?!?
You're not wrong except for the fact that raising the minimum wage won't make life a non-struggle for unskilled people.
If you raise the cost of production, you'll raise the costs of goods. It's pretty simple.
policies by advocated by dumbasses like Kaine are what make it so much harder to make ends meet for those "deplorables" in middle America.
Kaine should spend more time trying to make life better for the average citizen instead of government bureaucracy and power at every turn.
I totally agree!
Providing they live within their means.
No Shit. Where was your spine a year ago?
Companies also need to offer more full time positions rather than part time to avoid benefits. People in retail are begging for hours.
No they shouldn't, raising wages is essential, but so is affordable healthcare
RT is you think less people will work fulltime if you #raisethewage
It takes 2 people working full time and it is still difficult!
Retweet if you think Russia owns our White House.
I also believe that people who are unable to work due to age, infirmity, illness or many other reasons should not have to struggle, either.
I believe it is not the government's place to tell any employer what they should pay an employee.
All employees must tithe 10% of their gross income to their employers if they want to keep their jobs. Coming soon to jobs in your area.
This discussion is insane..... no one can live on $9-12/hr.
Would you include those of us forced to work >40 hours a week when you add up all of our part time jobs? #theneweconomy #weareoverlooked
We are also struggling to HAVE things like Healthcare, even w the ACA- jobs don't offer benes to PT. But Congress wants to take that away.
When will Congress DETACH the HEALTHCARE system from being employer dependant slavery and VOTE SINGLE PAYER? #theNewEconomy #GetWithTheTimes
In all seriousness, ALL of this is connected.  It highly affects my generation, & we are the LEAST represented by all the Boomers in power.
There Is that much Prosperity in our Rich Country.Our Wealth needs to be available to stop people suffering, not in the clutches of a few.
And why are you hashtagging RaiseTheWage instead #FightForFifteen? Your weasely incremental increase push has not gone unnoticed Kaine.
Really? Your running mate openly mocked calls for a $15 min wage. Are you trying to ride Bernie's coattails now?
Wait, I thought ppl were poor bc they were LAZY. You mean poor people actually work really REALLY hard? And deserve a survivable wage? Wow!
Don't listen to Bernie.
I agree completely, but the phrase is "make ends meat," not meet.
Why do you think it's "make ends meat"? Why would meat have anything to do with it?
It's not about higher wages in low skilled jobs. It's about better jobs for those who are low skilled.
You'll just make sure fewer people get full time jobs
We shouldn't have GOP criminals making policy against the will of the voters
Stay on the offensive...
It wouldn't be so bad if you and the government didn't tax the working class so that you provide free handouts left and right!!!! #getreal
@hazydav Aren't we beyond this point? How about "RT if you want to take your country back from a hostile foreign power?"
I agree, Senator; But until we limit the political reach of Billionaire thieves like THE KOCH BROTHERS, this problem will never stop!
no ne should struggle....even those who cannot work full time due to health, familial obligation  or circumstances beyond  control
Nobody
How about "no one in our country should struggle to make ends meet", you limp cheesecloth of fouled curds.
#SaveAmericaImpeach45 #ComeOnImpeachmentNinjaSquad #FightForWhatsRight #DemsWillRiseAbove #IStillHaveFaithGoodWillPrevail
I will struggle for the rest of my adult life with Trump ruling his Dictatorship nut hut it's sad I am beyond scared beyond disappointed
Foolish youth.. Typical entitlement mentality.. Youd probably rather smoke weed rather then learn a useful trade or skill to earn more
Knowing a useful trade or skill doesn't guarantee anyone will how you, even with decades of experience. Careers & industries go away.
Don't retweet if you believe this should include a vibrant middle class.
I was a Union Official..I support $15 Minimum..but when you have an Autocrat DESTROYING the COUNTRY, ONLY Goal is getting rid of him! NOW!
Agree, but what of retiree who worked 47 yrs, now ill, depending on social security & medicaid, if lost will die in 2 weeks.
My belief is that the majority of Americans DO struggle 2 make ends meet. That also means they & their families are unable 2 enjoy extras!
He sees it! Why should the working man pay for the Freebies & Health so Lazy Ass can stay home & watch Capt Kangaroo?
Since Trump cheated his way into WH, We The People of the USA, want HRC in WH. No succession. Cheats out, HRC & TK in. Work on it, ppl speak
this part of "we the people" want no part of anything you just said.

Umm. Yes. But what about teachers and assistants??? Shouldn't we start with the people educating our children???
The american middle class is slowly dying. Economical disparity has never been so obviously outrageous. & yet trumpeters think all is good.
business protected by the government IS capitalism!
I think the proper term for that is fascism.
Fascism includes a hyper-nationalism that isn't inherent to capitalism.
The struggle is real
Run Tim Run see you in 2020
so many factors here. there are plenty of middle class and upper class decent human beings for whom this is a reality. don't be ridiculous
America is a @shitshow. One nation buried under #shit #raisethebar #education #housing #healthcare makes a nation strong
No one guarantees your success. Work hard and never quit.
Thank you for your service. BLUE LOVE FROM FLORIDA.btw our tally in Lee county did not add up right in Pres. Election. Chck it out, Pleasse!
But we do
Then stop your support of Right To Work.
I never did supported it.
Not you.  Tim. He's also Pro-Life
Okay
Very sad some politician does not see that.
Very sad some rich people does not see that.
Thank you so much for saying it.
While your at it stop printing money, shut down the FedReserve.  Back in the day 17cents was worth today's $.  There is a reason for that.
If you care about full time workers struggling then let us keep more of our money and stop punishing those who create jobs.
That statement is just irresponsible even for you, "Timbo" .
If your employer doesn't pay what you think you're worth, then quit and find one who will. Don't ask the govt to be your salary agent.
How does a Senator have a salary of ~$175K yet at the end of the year they make 3-5 times as much?  You guys don't but a grape!!! #lazy
Most Americans don't but a grape.
If people were paid a decent minimum wage many wouldn't struggle. Cost of living increase often but minimum wage stays the same.
That's me!!! I'm that guy!! Paycheck to paycheck!!
get a real job and actually WORK before making posts like this. You've never had a real job. You ride on the backs of tax payers
if were such a rich country why is their  ppl that are homeless, no healthcare, living paycheck to paycheck, poor ppl
Give them your $. Cut your salary in half and all other government officials. You only work 15-20 hours a week with a 6 week break.
I don't think you should be able to comfortably support a family on minimum wage.
Yes, but raising the minimum wage, while necessary, leaves you struggling in less onerous poverty. Stop killing unions, if you want to help.
In 2009 my kids & I were homeless. I worked my butt off over a two-year period to pull us out of demoralizing poverty. We went hungry often.
and serving in THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES IS NOT A FULL TIME JOB???? What in God's name is wrong with you??
You lost you luster when you campaigned for VP. I won't vote for you.
They want to cut things people use to supplement but the same wage. Majority of people would rather not b on assistance
How about striving to be better instead of enabling people to be bottom dwellers
Yes!
I'm still with them
Yup...cut taxes!!!!!
Agree that this makes for a healthier economy/society. Thank you!
Hours. Period!'  Go back to college Tim
Play on the poor people to get their vote. U could care less. It's just a point for reelection. Take Econ 101. Raise wages on these jobs cut
Get ur education. Or work 2 jobs. U can't raise min wage on crap jobs that aren't worth more than $9.00. Typical democratic stupid strategy
I went to college. I have two jobs. I have health issues. Stupid republican strategy to make people poor and sick.
I agree, but I also think that in some areas rents and utilities are outpacing inflation so even skilled workers are underwater
I think it's a nievely blind segment of voters who hate regulations. Some regulations are beneficial to citizens
. @EliSedillo @timkaine it's ironic that regulations are required to force Corp to treat employees with common sense.
it is crazy, if you point it out to them their preprogrammed response starts with "but Hillary" or "Obama..."
8)or less than any other citizen under the Constitution of the USA.
7) the minimum wage & no staff above minimum wage either. Congress needs 2b more representative of the ppl. They r entitled 2 no more
6)creativity, innovation & cultural diversity. Investmentin the ppl is the only way 2 solve income disparity. What if Congress was only pd
5)issue needs addressed & we need 2 start right here at home. Opportunities r what we need. We need 2 quit feeding monopolies & stifling
4)have less than 50 employees & they don't make a whole lot of money. It's definitely not millions$, more like 1000's$. The whole trade
3)business needs reigned in! 1st define a small business. Define a middle class wage. Small businesses hardly exist anymore, but they gen
2)an all time high. Record profits! Prices have skyrocketed 4 basics! Yet the majority of ppl r producing more & getting paid 1970's wages.
Why not make minwage $500 hour and fix it for good.
This has been created by greed. We've got 2 address the greed. Median income stagnant 4 decades. Wall Street setting records. CEO pay at 1)
We need ownership in our work. We need 2 have buying & borrowing power! We need more family time! We need to spend time with our families.
Then your party is Finished b c Democrats keep America poor
Instead of #raisethewage how about #lowerthetax so I can keep more of what I earn
