#Government's only role in #healthcare is to assure that every #person #saves enough of their own #money to pay for their own healthcare.
Hey Tim, Chuckie said 16 million. You say double. The Doom patrol.
This is the real reality tim.  Both parties have done nothing to lower health care cost. This is an epic failure
Link? Or solution? Go be a parent to your awful son. That  needs your help. Or just keep him in jail.
Based on what evidence?
My premiums went from 63 to 241. My deductible from 1800 to over 6000!!! WTF
You're using numbers from CBO who's projected numbers for Obamacare were 100% inaccurate. All based on lies.
There aren't 32 million on the rolls and premium have more than doubled already
That's hilarious since I'm an independent who often votes republican. But if that helps you make sense of our country, more power to you.
How would anyone know since we haven't seen the bill? The CBO has some numbers but I'm not sure what their projection is.
Our elected officials lack credibility, regardless of party. If they aren't corrupt from the start, they become corrupt after elections.
Americans have already lost coverage and my premiums have more than doubled. Whats your excuse for ObamaCare?
LIAR DEMOCRAT!!
Do you enjoy making up fake statistics, you will soon be voted out as well
Millions voluntarily wouldn't buy unaffordable ACA policies if not mandated by law #RepealAndReplace
You LIE. We already lost our insurance under ACA fool. Want to pay for my madated #Penalty
Unless the cost of care and drugs is reduced u will never have good healthcare. They charge too much period
Is there a way to halt these deviants wearing suites before he continues to dismantle Democracy
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!!!
#awfulfatherday you should be so proud.
Why is your state a welfare state. Maybe you should look at why the people of your state are not working to pay there own bills
Not to mention the economic devastation to hospitals which will throw many communities into disarray.
would you quit lying ! Now its 32 mil, it goes up everyday with you, pseudotolerance is not accepted anymore.
And what about all the families that have little to no choices or those with crazy high deductibles...Tim?  Tim...???
Remember: Without ACA repeal there would be more people without care & premiums too high to pay = No Care!
The government needs to get OUT of #healthcare, entirely.
How can you know how it will effect American's? When you don't  know what Obama Care is going to be replaced with.
No.
Health insurance is just fine before Obama created ACA. Is a Hillary Clinton wet dream
Tim, any comments on former DNC chair Debbie W Schultz's IT guy Imran Awan who tried to flee US after wiring $300000 to Pakistan?
Unlikley... They would simply have to make a decision pay for their cell phone or pay for healthcare.
ACA is all but useless now. Your plan has already failed
That is the intent,  to impoverish & kill the most people possible
reminmder you are still not and never will be Vice President  When did Health Care become a right? still unconstitutional.
have hammered your hard drives yet?
Talk to Liz Warren and coordinate your numbers to sound believable
Tiresome. The 32 mil are people who don't want it. You've ALREADY doubled and tripled premiums. Still wondering why you lost?
Boom, Give him enough rope he will hang him.
Again sir if it was done in secret how could you know that? You are a liar. Either you weren't locked out or you have seen this. What is it?
I'm pretty sure I remember premiums going up by about that much after the ACA passed.  That hurt my family, Tim.
Thanks for your voice.  Appreciate the hard work!!
In case you forgot the #ACA is hurting families across the country. Keeping this failed policy doesn't help anyone. #RepealObamacare #PJNET
#RepealObamacare
Issue is Americans don't quite get the concept of insurance.  If only folks who had a fire got fire insurance, cost would be same as house.
Run for President in 2020, Sen. Kaine. We need a man in WH with common sense, not the idiot we have now. Hopefully, Dems have Congress 2018.
Wow that's like the size of California!
Who is on the plan now??? What about the other millions?? Just asking. I keep hearing you say peeps will loose but peeps already r lost
If the ACA is so good, why did Senator Kaine vote to exempt himself from it?  Not Fair!  Try it Senator and you will feel the soaring rates!
Soon you clowns will be up to 300 million.  Yawn
Thank you, senator for fighting for your constituents and the American people. We will not forget
Wake up. He is lying. He said he was locked out and couldn't see the bill. How could he know what he is saying. Use your head. He is LYING
Why is it no one ever talks about the COST of healthcare, only insurance?
Liar... 22 million would opt out if given the opportunity...
People will die! How do they sleep at night?!
Some may go to sleep and never wake up. Others may have seizures and go in a coma
Fake News, .  Crying Wolf!   Your ACA premiums are killing the middle class.  How about joining the misery by being part of the ACA Tim?
Tim, the #GOP doesn't care about Americans, only about themselves.
Yea, Tim, Matt knows.
Thank goodness there are enough Senators that know this is a bad idea!!
How many jobs does obamacare kill?
https://www.wsj.com/amp/articles/how-many-jobs-does-obamacare-kill-1499296604 ….
Publicly ask #Senate & house #congress members if willing to give up their insurance! #American taxpayers are paying for it!
A percent over time will loose their lives. Some ppl depend on medicine to try & lead a normal life. They will end up in hospitals
I will be one of them!!!!
us into socialism with those bastrad Europeans
News Flash:  A lot of people's premiums have ALREADY doubled, or tripled, or quadrupled under the ACA.
Or you and other democraps will just enslave the american population tear up the constitution and drive

@GOP does not care. They r 2 consumed with kissing Trumps rump to really analyze the repercussions of their behavior. America is DIVIDED!
But most Congressmen are independently wealthy so they don't really care. They are looking at this as a tax break so they can get richer.
As I share our story about my brother, Freddy, who died in 2009, before ACA, I have Trump supporters telling me it's his fault he died. Sad.
REALITY: Obamacare premiums & deductibles have already skyrocketed to point that people can't afford healthcare. Insurers have already left.
REALITY: even the CBO admitted that if the mandate was removed 73% of those leaving insurance w/b by choice. Stop the bs.
I think its time for a required mental stability exam.
Exam For trump. I know he is mentally ill or probably Alzheimer's.
It makes me sick reading these claims from #Democrats when everything they say occurred to Americans when they forced #Obamacare on us
How can lawmakers condemn genocide when they r willing to strip insurance from tens of millions?
I cannot imagine in what world people think this is okay to do.
But nothing matters. A government  of liars, thieves and killers.
@SenateGOP thinking no one cares but the T supporters I know feel mad and jaded bc they will lose
This is what O care did, please you do not have the high ground!
It will. Republicans do not care.
Also Dems: "If you let Obamacare collapse you're letting millions suffer!"

That's what Obamacare did clown
Did it?
