We The People need excellent taxpayer funded medical care.
Just like all US Senators and Congressional Reps have.
#MediCareForAll NOW!!
Obamacare was a massive expansion of Medicare. People who actually pay taxes are subsidizing others. This is simple redistribution of wealth
Get educated.
Great reply.  Way to move the dialogue forward.
You misrepresented facts and we called you out.
Your education is your responsibility, not ours.
No way to do that in 140 characters.
Remember when we were told if we liked our doctors and insurance policies we could keep them?
Utterly irrelevant to any discussion of #MediCareForAll
.. my last response to your obvious trolling ..
Please "educate" me why anyone with any common sense would want the government dictating health care policies when it has proven disastrous
My 7-year-old son is one of the people who will be affected by this. He is just as deserving as anyone else of affordable healthcare.
You could've purchased a plan pre-Ocare, & U can choose 2 purchase plan after Ocare is repealed.Nothing prevents you from having insurance.
I think you are missing the point, sir.
What was the point?  That a bunch of lying schmuck Democrats ruined the greatest healthcare system in the world?
greatest in the world ... omg ... thats why all other western countries try so hard to have the US model ... NOT!
Why did people from Canada flock in droves to get care here?  We did have the best system.  Was it perfect?  No.
They did? When ?

Corporations double the cost of American Health Care & contribute nothing of value 2 it. Ins. Single payer cuts out the middle-man & saves $
Gov't intervention doubled the cost. I hear North Korea has a great single payer system...everyone has coverage! Why don't you check it out?
N Korea is run by an ego maniac much like us. Canada has single payer and health care is half the cost and everyone but corps benefit.
The old "they just have the wrong people in place" argument.  Nice try! Just like our disgraceful VA system.
Tim with your post the other day we saw you have no idea what people pay. You quoted how horrible for a person to pay the same we are paying
What we are paying now will double under Trumpcare and that's if you don't have a preexisting condition.
Did you bother to read the new bill?
Yup. State responsibility side too. In case you didn't know about that part. Ocare was temporary. They knew it would die. Insurers leave.
An example is the state of Alabama. The governor made it impossible to buy insurance anywhere but blue cross blue shield.
I purchased carefirst through http://healthcare.gov  when I started my business. I was offered multiple options.
Ranging from $25 for less coverage to $400 for premium coverage with less copays.
In that instance is is good. It still will bankrupt. I pay 987$ a month now due to the raises. Insurers keep leaving. That's almost my check
Well said, Sir! #ThankYou & appreciate #Leadership #Health is everything! We #Nurses understand! @ANANursingWorld @RNAction
Obamacare is a wolf in sheep's clothing. It's all about control of healthcare. Needs a repeal and a start over with a free market model.
Millions with "pre-existing conditions" had insurance before Obamacare.  Can you buy homeowners policy after your house burns down?
I can't even comprehend someone thinking like this. It's not someone's fault if they get cancer or have something bad happen to them.
Did I say it was someone's fault they got sick?  Millions who had pre-existing conditions HAD insurance before Obamacare.
You can't decide u want coverage after something bad happens.Try getting homeowners ins. after your house burns down. No ins. co. does this.
You are a champion of the "what's wrong" how bout you work on what is right for a change?!?
actually, it is the fundamental nature of insurance to discriminate based on risk, sad, but true
How are you and your plan handling this?
Well, when you're done with that, you need to go after the car insurance companies for charging young people more than old.
why should I pay their insurance with my tax dollars but lose mine because I have a pre-existing condition? #Trumpcare
#TimKaineforPresident. Or Joe Biden. Run as a ticket and flip a coin for the top job haha keep 'me running scared.
Inhumane.
You inflicting the current government run insurance disaster and sky high costs on hard working taxpayers and exempting yourselves is wrong.
Shame on the @GOP for #TrumpCare. The #ACA repeal is starting to look like Medicaid repeal #ResistTrumpCare
Wake up put down your phone and read the Bill , it doesn't do That! However,  it does require people to have some responsibility
Preexisting like birth?
Don't let Murkowski sell us out.
Tim you have been near silent in the Russia debate kick up the action.
Timothy you are fear monger! Please get your facts strsight
Perhaps if we worked on making actual healthcare more affordable then the insurance issue would not be as big of an issue....
You are the one that is plain wrong. Why do you try to terrorize people with threats of no insurance? You know you're lying.
My entire family have pre-exsisting conditions.  Please, PLEASE don't allow them to take our right to affordable healthcare away.
If you car had a rod knocking, do you think you could get a dealership to sell you an extended warranty?
Quit the scare tactics and tell the truth. The republicans have given in and kept so much of Obamacare that you should be joining them.
Yeah, but my working family that can't make ends meet should be forced to pay for other people's health insurance.
Please don't let the Republicans do this to us!
it is not discrimination, insurance is risk based
The one thing about insurance companies is they'd do it anyway. It's the only business you have to sue to get them to do their job.
now under obama care companies leaving exchanges ..there is no care
Again GOP is creating a"darwinian" filter were the financially strong can access healthcare. Lincoln still crying for the inequality used.
Senator, we cannot have Healthcare or any kind of budgetary item without finite parameters. There is no way to afford such luxuries.
Is there a provision to allow insurers genetic testing to determine pre existing conditions??
John McCain gets surgery w/health coverage & then comes back to vote & take away coverage from 23million?
My daughter's birth is a pre-existing condition. After everything she's overcome, #Trumpcare will be what robs her of a thriving future.
Pre-existing conditions stay and you know it. The POTUS insisted on that. Stop yiur lying
U need resign, go home and farm for a living.  U r an embarrassment to the US Senate.
Know people paid over $2000 per month before ACA due to diabetes, lupus, crohns, RA, arthritis n on. Most couldn't afford or lost homes.

Where is your alternate plan?
Vote NO on Trump Care! @RareDiseases
Tim K is about the ppl. DT is about Russia, Russia, Russia and Big Ass Putin. DT is all Fake.
That's why Trump Care is not good. He does not care about all people. Trump is out of touch and has no clue of anything. Impeach him
And to Dems this is a viable argument? #losing
My husband is in end-stage heart failure.The Co I work for is merging with 2 others. His illness could prevent future coverage, He will die.
Don't forget women's! For decades insurance companies resisted covering various women's health issues while cheerfully paying for viagra etc
I don't think thats the position of Pres. I noticed there was dignity toward your son when he committed political felonious acts.
Please @timkaine please meet with friends from Dysautonomia International Monday who will be stopping by your office #ShannonLinford
This bill hurts our Republican friends as much as it hurts everyone else.
Why do you think your opinion matters
u don't know what u are talking about !
Talk about them exempting them selfs so they can keep Obama care
I own small business & paid 4 my employees 2 have HC b4 ACA. As breast cancer survivor I will not b able 2 afford HC 4 myself if Rs pass HC.
No, that's insurance. People who are already sick need care, not insurance.  #Economics
SENATOR IF WE HAVE A PLAN ;WE MUST USE ALL THE GOOD ASPECTS OF THE ACA ;AND INCORPORATE IT ;INTO THE NEW PLAN ;SUCH AS PRE EXISTING CONDITIO
@SenateGOP @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker @IndivisibleTN6  Hmmm seems u r exempting yourselves from UR #GopNoCare. Y? http://vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption … …
Stop it you Communist socialist progressive fascist
you're wrong....but if you like your plan you can keep it. ...let freddie mac and fanny may subsidize it
..
But, hey, he'll let them sell cheap policies to people who don't need insurance.
Care to explain how, Senator?
Not to republicans it's not.
Price said as much on morning show today
Thank you for fighting for all of us. My son survived 6 weeks of rads and is in remission.  Not sure he can survive #Trumpcare #savetheACA
Youve mangled purpose of insurance. Something u pay in BEFORE u need it to help balance catastrophic cost. If you buy after, = crowdfunding
Cutting Medicaid to disabled is a non-negotiable   Watch some of the yes votes go away when CBO tells us how many would be uninsured
What are you and all the other Senators going to do?
You need to find two other republicans that will vote against this horrible legislation..... please

And how do you propose we fix it? Keep running around screaming treason instead of doing your actual job. #doyourjob
#Trumpcare is heartless and garbage @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @SpeakerRyan
Thanks, Peppermint Patty. Nice to hear kind voice. Having to block a lot of bullies today. To a Better America..
Is being a woman a pre-existing condition? Why should I pay for a woman's health care if they're not my kids or responsibility?Libs are nuts
It's immoral, as the drafters and supporters of the bill are
But they don't care if it's wrong. They only care about undoing anything Obama did even if it kills people.
THANK YOU FOR SPEAKING THE TRUTH FOR US!
Spewing more lies to make failed Obama Care seem less of a disaster for the American citizens.
When will Trump supporters #MAGA  force their beloved @SenateGOP to foist this horrible HC on Congress (themselves)?

@SenateMajLdr
It's ok to toughen up your language a bit
Keep fighting Senator my wife depends on the aca.
Yes it is just plain wrong...fix it please!
It makes good *business* sense.
So the question we really need to ask is--do we really want healthcare treated as just another business?
And with the list of what is included as a pre-existing condition, almost everyone would be discriminated against.
Why is that demon still in our WH? We all know doing the devil's work is not Gods will. Taken health Care from the needed is NOT GODS WILL!
Most Republicans have no conscience whatsoever. They simply don't care about the less fortunate. They only want their taxes cut.
Sir on what do you base this very ill informed statement? Perhaps you should educate yourself. Read a book
ACA could be much improved by applying further regulations on ins companies. They get rich on our backs and should be socially responsible.
They claim losing money.Not true,just less profit than other divisions.Worse since Trump negative marketing. #SaveACA #RightToHealthcare
Millions of us are at risk and insurance company CEO salaries are obscene. #HealthcareBill #SaveACA
Sad day if this passes
Is Allstate 'discriminatory' if they say u have to buy insurance before you get in a car wreck before they will pay for that mashed fender?
What would be right your so smart
Thank you Sen Kaine for speaking the truth & standing up for people. We need leaders like you.
As a physician, I've seen the importance of affordable coverage for those w/pre-existing conditions ACA required.
But from a GOP lens, it's so right.
GOP like to compare health insurance to car insurance.  All states require car insurance.  Why...because it makes the markets work!
The whole idea of insurance is NOT to insure those who certainly will make a claim. Thats why Insurance is an insane basis to do healthcare
It's not "discrimination", that's actually how insurance works. If you want a "disease service program", create one.
Its horrendous..i can't believe they would suggest such a plan!
Asking again  .@timkaine Will you confirm Wray knowing he scrubbed his site re work he did for Russia's Rosneft? Another Russian connection.
Check out the facts on UHC not the panacea you all think it is. More like a placebo effect.
YOU allow you son to discriminate and BEAT PEOPLE IN THE STREETS FOR HAVING A DIFFERENT OPINION. THAT'S just plain wrong!
Thanx, Tim. Please  forthwith #AdvanceDirective Medicare codes 94997 & 94998 to ensure that we've preventative care metrics #healthequity
everytime u tweet about this I ask what r u doing to chg repubs minds and every time I ask u ignore hoping 4 progressive primary candidate
since u seem not to care about answering ur voting public q's while @TopherTBrennan progressive fm Cali answered in a few hrs why cant you?
What wrong is your existence in America. Get out go to Germany and take all the other socialist with you. Be sure to revoke your citizenship
How very American of you.
Timmy once again proves he doesn't know the difference between "care", and "insurance" #sad
So your answer is?????? Crickets?
What jobs? Dems are stuck on Russia because the Trump Administration commited TREASON...ALL AMERICANS SHOULD BE PISSED!
