Kudos. Anything about Genie oil, Golan Heights and AIPAC?
Put on the pressure. Make him adhere to the Constitution.
Probably has no idea what the constitution is or ever read it!
Demand !!! we are beyond asking. I think we need to tie this boat to the dock.
Tie this boat to the dock? We need to throw these hatemongers OVER the dock so that our cou try can begin to normalize.
Sen. Tom Kaine and Rep. Adam Schiff, thank you working diligently on behalf of the American people.
Come ON!!!!!!
Thanks for persisting!!  #Resist !!
@timkaine - you make me proud to live in Virginia. 
Killing civilians without going to Congress to show that killing civilians is wrong! It was a pointless waste of money and lives.
The less we do, the bolder they become. This is our country and we're going to have to scream louder, harmless as doves, cunning as snakes.
Dems need to talk loud!  Get this investigation moving!!
We all need to be talking loud in order to be heard. Otherwise, they will continue to sweep their lies under rugs already filled with filth.
Did you get those answers yet?
We all want to know. This Administration has done senseless things amounting to a hill of beans. Other countries are puzzled.  We are too!
Yes, demand answers. Supena

President Obama asked for approval and didn't get it. Trump doesn't think he needs it-like a dictator!
Thank you Rep Schuff and Sen Kaine! Hopefully we can start honoring the Constitution.
Did you ask Obama for answers on lybia?
I really wish you could have been President, @timkaine :(. Poor Syria has become a war zone. The people keep dying!
did you investigate Obama's SHADY Iran Deal ??  Nope
Hypocrisy Reigns.
What's shady about a deal negotiated in public with all our closest allies, with terms disclosed?
Did U investigate Obama's record # of drone strikes and those that mistakenly killed innocents ??  Hypocrisy Reigns
Drone strikes allowed under Use of Force Authorization for terrorism. Trump does it too. Syria missiles attacked military of another country
Another one of his failures. Doesn't go to Congress for approval and showed more apathy towards the chocolate cake than the Syrian Crisis.
well, Tim...they are a little busy with the cover-up
Yay! You get em  @timkaine !
Hope you guys can get something satisfactory (or impeachable) out of him before he starts WWIII
It was a lackluster show to make us believe that Trump and Putin are not on the same page, however, they are, and it's Carter Page.
@timkaine the Dems have been mute since the election.
You go buddy get at him he can't just do what the fuck he wants
Call your running mate what she would do.  She may be taking a nap now.  Do not worry what OUR Pres. Is doing, he is on it
Finally
Keep it up, Senator.  You're doing a great job!
Those answers are in the same place as his taxes. Do NOT let WH get away with refusing to hand over Flynn docs. Nixon tried it; didn't work
Sick of your bitching Senator Kaine. He didn't need your permission. You would be worse than Obama.  You don't like it? Get out!
No one is listening, Tim. Go find something else to do.
Disagree. Tim Kaine is actually on the right side of history here. What is your position? That we do with a side what we did to bin Laden?
HELLO THE GOP IS ALLOWING TRUMP TO BE ABOVE THE LAW AND THE CONSTITUTION THERE WILL NEVER BE JUSTICE AND THE PPL KNOW THE THRASH IS INVOLVED
Nor is Orange Julius Caesar likely to do so.  Notice how he throws out flaming distraction, notifying Putin before he does us.
Thank you Mr. Vice President
Thanks Uncle Tim and future Speaker of the House Schiff.
Not his style. Throw some bombs, get praised for being presidential then walk away
As usual #Dems fight the wrong fight.
1 more thing to investigate. Attack on foreign nation w/no strategy/declaration. Time to #ImpeachTrump #CORRUPTION #TrumpRussia #Emoluments
Y'all need to be demanding, not just asking. Democrats have been too nice for too long. Times a wasting!! Tick tock!!
They gassed their ppl u halfwit.Only ones not agreeing on that r Russia, Assad & u & Conspiracy Theorist Schiff.Go do something productive.
Please keep asking.  We simply cannot allow this action to be normalized.
Good luck with this!  It'll be interesting to see what, if any, reply you'll receive.
You didn't hold obama to ANY standards as he killed US Citizens with drone strikes and no due process... why is that you fraud?
TIM: So is America!!!! What the hell is going on in DC? Why is everyone crickets
I think the problem is that Trump doesn't understand that Congress has "constitutional responsibilities" to exercise.
It was all for "show" & diversion from the Russian/Trump scandal!
That's because there was no reason except as a diversion from all the scandal.  Whole thing is a disgrace.
That was pursuant to a UN resolution and done in cooperation with NATO.
Another example of Trump running rough shod over the law. This I can do whatever I want attitude is disgusting and very dangerous!
Thank u also Senator Kaine, this Syria bombing is beyond fishy & needs 2 b investigated / we need answers!
Absolutely! Trump is awful!  But I sure supported our Savior Bammy killing American citizens in the Mid East with drones and bombing Libya
Neither you or @RepAdamSchiff never asked 1 question of the Obama administration so this is partisan talk.
Creeper is just butt hurt that he bet on the wrong horse
Please focus on just one thing, Russia.
there are ties to Russia with this bombing. E.g., alerting Russia before Congress??
I think many people are giving up hope for the country.
That ship has sailed.
Great keep him distracted and Focus on Russia and his Tax Returns
Accountability and answers? Good luck with that....
Hello Sen Kaine...are you still blaming Russia?
Stench of spam up in here with these bots
u guys pedos?
