my hero
disgusting warmonger.  Why not just arm IS and AQ, oh wait we tried that already
Question how?!action is needed not words ...where there is a will there is a way !
Then when the POTUS holds them accountable, Tim calls for his head.
Like BO did right?
Clarity please
Trump not "cozying" with Russia, it's called avoiding world nuclear holocaust, you dolt. What did Obama & Congress do re: prev gas attack??
Where is the proof it was assad. Didnt he dismal his entire chemical weapons depot back in 2014. 2015
Is there any proof it was Assad?I thought we made him hand over all his chemicals over a yr ago.Recall WHO was behind the last chem attack?
action. Not words. You've done nothing but talk.
WHY would Assad use gas when he is winning? It is normaly the losing side that resorts to gas, bio.
 Do you remember about one-two yrs ago?
Your buddy obama and his corrupt admin put them in the position to do these aweful things- are you proud of that?
There should be a "Red Line" pertaining to Syria and it's use of chemical weapons..
Oh Wait...
Syria surrendered all their chem-weapons over a yr ago, remember?
Assad Gasses’ Civilians Days After Tillerson Hints He Can Stay in Power http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2017/04/04/days-after-tillerson-mouths-russian-line-on-syria-assad-uses-gas.html … #housedemocrats #senatedems #RESISTANCE
Thats would be REALLY stupid on Assad's part wouldn't it? WHO benefited from this?
Why didn't you say that to your buddy Obama?
Yes, 4 years ago....
How did you feel after Obama didn't follow up with his line in the sand statement?
How do you know rebel groups did not use chemicals? Why not investigate?
U want to hold him accountable yet lie to Americans President needed Congress approval U should be held accountable for UR lies! 2018 U lose

I wish we could have helped them sooner.  Things have broken down so far now.  We have to help.
Why were you silent when Obama & Clinton held office and created the environment for such atrocities to occur within?
No way! I though Obama and Kerry negotiated a great deal with Assad for him to give up his chemical weapons.
You are right.
Let's do it without war or feet on the ground.
Heard your intelligent report on Syria this morning. It made me wistful for President Tim Kaine. You are so knowledgeable.
You mean draw another line in the sand like the Democrats did??
Where's your evidence Assad did it? Islamic State is equally suspect.
Remember the last time chem-weapons were used? WHO was behind THAT one?
Amen! Please push this! Thank you for your common sense, decency & service! #weaktrump @realDonaldTrump has given Assad a #greenlight #Syria
You are presuming Assad used the gas. WHO used gas the last time?
Senator Kaine, saw reports some time ago that Assad and Putin investigated for war crimes. Now Assad gassing his own citizens. What's up?
Presumption of fact NOT in evidence.
Dear tim sources to the white hats and military reveal theirs not long left for you to seek immunity and others involved in crimes against
Exactly right. You tell them whats up. People in this country only hears whats told to them by our complianct media. Never looking at logic
Well Haley and Tillerson are going to do nothing. So who's going to hold Assad accountable
You presume Assad was responsible for this. Facts NOT in evidense-yet.
Maybe democratic s should have done that under Obama,  he screwed it up. Now blame Trump. Really.
DIDNT TRUMP JUST MEET W HIM?
Really Timmy?  Where the hell were you and the other limp noodle democrats when Barry Obama drew the red line in the sand? You are pathetic
this should have been handled  under Obama's red line. now you want to lay it off on Trump. just because you had a wimp in office
If it doesn't happen to Trump, he doesn't give a f#ck.
Horrific. Evil
But that might make Putin mad. And if that happens, no telling what he might give Wikileaks. Do you really want to see Trump naked? 
What are your ideas to hold Assad accountable other than covering for obama's red-line debacle and blaming Trump/Russia?
We must first hold you accountable.
How stupid can Assad be? Wont it be terrorists using these weapons trying to draw attention against their oponent?
thank #Obama as well. Weak foreign leader as Prez.
that's right. pretend you don't know the #IranDeal you fought to pass didn't serve to turbocharge genocide in Syria.
what you expect to happen when you shower terrorist mullahs w gold? you rewarded rogue regime who plotted 9/11 - guilty of killing Americans
Please do everything you can to help those poor people. You and @MarkWarner are my only hope! Its like Star Wars!
We have Obama to thank for the stupid mess in Syria right now. This is a direct result of his cowardice and reluctance to take out ISIS.
It's horrific but would you rather have Isis? It's 2 BAD choices
Your blaming the Trump Admin.,for not speaking out,but remember when your president (obama),threatened Bashar al-Assad not to cross the red
line regarding gassing his own people,but your president didn't do crap against Bashar al-Assad!!
Good interview w/ @WillieGeist on @Morning_Joe ! I am asking the very same questions regarding #syria
made possible by the previous administration.
You should have been our vice president your a good guy
Why can't be more old USA where we fought for ethical/humanitarian principals?
I wish we had gone in there before Assad murdered his own people. The USA only seems to be involved in wars that have a monetary benefit.
Totally agree! Protect civilians, hold Assad accountable!
Devastating, heartbreaking to see the children. @realDonaldTrump so now what- we can wait until you are done finger-pointing.
If we don't take action Assad will do it again. Sick!
How can we? Do you think Trump will do anything to protect Syrians? NO.
Senator Kaine. Just after a bombing in Russia, a helicopter drops serin gas on rebels. There is a connection.
hold accountable like Obama did when he was in office?
Did you not get the memo?  @realDonaldTrump will not stop assad because putin told him not to. Genocide is not an issue for trump..
I'm all for humanitarian aid. But we can"t afford another war.
We can't.  There is no good replacement for Assad.
We must LEAVE OBAMACARE ALONE
Not one single word about this atrocity from Trump. Can't believe that his followers continue to keep their heads buried in the sand.
And we must hold trump accountable also...
Trump blames Obama he is a traitor hold him to this and impeach
Can someone please have the Adults take over now?
Do @SenateDems have ANY power? Feels like we're one step away from Assad like regime here. No more patience for this Bull$4!t. Get him out.
Where the hell were you in August, 2012 when Obama set his Red Line in the Sand for this ? Oh, you were whining about boots on the ground.
It's not going to happen with that Putin-living creamsicle in the White House.
Like a red line?  You have no shame.
Why is no one reminding the world that Pres Obama asked the Congress for a new AUMF for Syria, and he was told HELL NO by the CONS
Selective amnesia on the right, that's what. They take no responsibility for anything they id or didn't do for the last 8 years
Why don't you dp something to keep this out of our country? #Closetheborders #ExtremeVetting
And how do you wanna do that? Syria is not our problem!
Yea where were you when they did it during #obama admin? Why didn't you say something then #worthless! What are you going to do, nothing!
Then best you guys #impeachnow and rid the WH of Bannon, Pence & Ryan...
Well def don't say we "gonna draw a line in the sand"
The red line worked!
What is your solution to hold him accountable?
How and when???
Agreed. Confirm Gorsuch and move on with the work of the US and world.
And to hold @realDonaldTrump accountable too he's the sitting illegitimate president
How do we know this is not our government doing this to take away our attention from the all the crazy executive orders being passed?
Unfortunately, our SOS is busy focusing on oil in Russia and our POTUS is out on the campaign trail again.
It's disgusting. We must do better!
It's happened, Senator- we are in agreement! No trolling here this time. This is a crime against humanity and must be dealt with harshly!
Senator Kane you know Don the Con is in over his head. What is he going to do make a deal on rebuilding without bidding? He is clueless. Sad
Assad is protected by Putin who is Potus friend.
Stop tweeting, get your ass in gear and do something!
We could bring them here
In 8 yrs Dems did nothing about Assad but funded Isis from leaked Wikileaks mail you are a corrupt hypocrite like the rest of the Dems
President Obama would have handled this. Plus, he would never blame the previous POTUS. Trump is a fraud. No diplomacy whatsoever 
Don the con is illiterate. Have ever heard him read a script he jad practiced 100 tomes?
Practiced reading a 100 times. He sounds like a second grader hooked on phonics. Forget Taxes Returns, I'd like to see his transcripts.
Democratics, in genersl, really don't have the stomach. Remember drawing a line in the sand by Obama.
Typical double talk by @timkaine #TimKaineCowardCatholic.  Protect life, but the unborn. Not so tuff guy. Even as a peacemaker.
Potus & his buddies thinks we mind our own business.
What you gonna do. Talk is cheap.
Intervening in Syria has had nothing but negative impact. While horrible, there is nothing we can do about it from here.
Never again is supposed to mean something .
How come you weren't crying about holding Assad accountable before now? 
#Warmonger.
Well thank you ovomit and killary. Your policy worked  great.
Tell Trump to avoid the handshake photo op with Assad.
The world is doomed I fear....
Please do something to help.
I think we need to concentrate on protecting ourselves from the Democrats spying on their opponents!
Lol.  You're one of those who is falling for the distractions.
This article says it may be.... and IF it is. Cia give this report too?
Yes why didn't you when they first started barrel bombing and gassing their citizens? @cnn
Yes and can we do this with our global partners using as much peaceful process as possible. #syria
Just when you think Trump can't go any lower he amazes all. Tillerson said Syrian people will decide who leads. Now fatally gassing hundreds
How?? What can we do? Didn't our esteemed sec of state say it's up to Syria to take care of it themselves? #Ludacris
It is not in Russias best interest so we USSR 2.0 @realDonaldTrump 's america will do nothing until Putin says its okay.
This civil war has thrown the world on edge way too many deaths and displacements a real solution is needed-Now-
Assad must go! Tillerson's response was anemic; saying his status "would be decided by the people" who? Poisoned  Babies?
Exactly, what is being held accountable r going to do to help the people of Syria! Please get a bill out to help these ppl.
Typical Republican response.# Sad WAR
So, what are you saying, a red line?
Hillary and McCain's private paramilitary empire first. What proof is there that Assad did this? Rule out black ops first!
When are you gonna hold Obama and Killary accountable for their incompetence?
You are a warmonger. Get your friends and family and go fight your war yourself, Tough guy. Your wars are killing millions.
And you somehow know it was Assad... how? What POSSIBLE logic there would be in Assad using chemical weapons there at this point?
Who should replace him?? Another Iraq!!
That's thanks to Obama and Democrats
Please implore your Republican colleagues to take responsibility for not holding Trump accountable. Why are we bombing Yemen?
How can we help?
PRAY THEN PRAY SOME MORE.
He should talk to his boyfriend Putin about it
How do you know #assad gassed them? #fakenews ? did you read what #TulsiGabbard said after touring #syria? Stop propaganda war machine!
Trump has a plan or will have a plan & it will be beautiful.  He will discuss it w/ family (no need for experts), keep it secret.  #Disaster
How can we do that?? Assad's bff is Putin... who is cozy with Trump ... who worships Putin ... This boy's club is exclusive!
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2013/09/01/world/middleeast/syria.html …
just gonna leave this here
Senator Tim Kaine , go tell the UN that because We are Not the police of the world.  I do feel sorry for the women and children !
But why did not the men of the country stand up for themselves when this all started all you Democrats so eager to have another War ???
Who is WE?  Trump could care less about anyone but himself and money. He does not have the intellect nor want to learn. LOSER BIGGLY!
Just so hard to watch  #PainfulNews 
Get on it, please.
Of course since Putin is in bed with Assad, Trump and the republicans will do nothing.
Going after assad is going after putin!
@riotheatherrr how?
congress wouldn't back Obama in 2012
Good thought, but the US doesn't even have its own "house" in order! Until Trump & his treasonous cadre r removed from office,wht can we do?
Don't act like you give a shit about these people! Half a million Syrians died on OBAMA's WATCH!!

Where were you then?
what actions were taken by Obama after  civilians were chemically attacked in Aug 2013 Easy -none. Obama had been president for five yrs.
We don't need more war we need to repeal and reform 2001 AUMF so we can stop these needless civilian casualties caused by Bush Obama & Trump
How can civilians be protected if we, i.e. collectively the West, abdicated from the leadership role and let Putin step in ?
And how @realDonaldTrump has changed his tune. Blames Pres Obama now but said no "upside" to attack in 2012. Don't let this go!
Senator Kaine how will this ever be resolved when Trump blames President Obama and instead of governing he just want to place blame.
Trump can't fix overnight what took Obama 8 yrs to mess up.
Hahahaha. Another? Another Obama mistake.
Tired of being the world's police force. This is a Muslim problem, they have armies. Why don't they use them.
Really sad! This is my opinion of why this is happening!
Stop it!
Let's call Obama to lead on this. Apparently, the current PeeOTUS thinks it's not his job #SyriaChemicalAttack #AdmittingHeIsNotMyPresident
.@timkaine how exactly do you intend to do that Senator Kaine. By tweeting about it?
While the #OrangeFool blames Obama and still talks about the election. #45IsAnIdiot!
That Red Line really worked out well for you guys. *high five*
What's the orange one done? Nothing!
