Then you pay for it
This country wastes so much money buying people and countries but we don't have the money for a decent healthcare plan for its citizens...
Retweet if you think it's bullshit that Tim McCain support 60% higher premiums in Virginia next year for Obamacare
Youtim know what BS is ?
Vote YES to Graham-Cassidy! We the LEGAL voters in Virginia, want the ACA completely revoked!! NO MORE obama WELFARE HELLCARE!
OBOMACARE did not help healthcare
Didn't help your spelling
Oh dear God.  The spelling police have struck again!!!
Worst, ignorance have struck again...
REALLY worse, commie starts name calling right off the bat!!
Hank?
You forget something nasty to say?
You guys just love to stir up shit.  You don't think anybody else should have an opinion.  Well, I do and always will. Like it or not!
If Obama care was so good why you guys were excluded from it?
Obama care was desester 

Obama care was all about helping corporations & not people.
Another health care proposal bites the dust. Won't bring up the real reason for the NFL actions. Trump is a racist I firmly believe that
45 has no lane its all abt trumpydumpy and his corrupt administration! A bunch of  assholes keep #RESISTANCE going. Hes trying NOTT
Keep your Dr...premiums will go down...more choices. All lies from Dems. Repeal this Obamination now!
I agree!
Employer's cut the employees hour's so they don't have to pay for their healthcare & they have no choice but to buy the ObamaCare
The rich get richer, they don't  care what they do to stay  that way, they don't care if  people  suffer and die
Like the ACA did to me and millions others?
Why the hell should govt. run health insurance, let the free market do it's purpose
Nobody would disagree with that. However you continue to mischaracterize the issue. Work together to fix it and stop the false statements.
RT if you think Tim Kaine should back #singlepayer.
So true repair aca
The only reason Big Government got involved in the first place was to fleece the American tax payer #getgovernmentoutofhealthcare
Government have become very controlling just like Communist Government, if we let them slowly we are going to loose our freedome
If Aca was so great the why did so many lose ins. b/c agency’s went out of business d/t so many regulations? Son lost ins. hasn’t had since.
I don't think the Republicans know what help means!  What a mess is our government.
The GOP is a threat to public health & safety.
If you fail to purchase Obamacare you got penalized. When I lost my job don't had money to buy healthcare, at the end they took your taxes.
I am totally disgusted Puerto Rico is in need of help in the worst way and the only thing on his mind is the NFL, worst president ever.
There should be bipartisan input not the GOP shoving things through without even a CBO
Lol like the democrats did with the actual bill?  Hypocrite
ACA just needs some work
You are not only partisan, but a disingenuous buffoon.  Are you on ObamaCare?  Wtf do you know about it?
Hack.  GFY.
Repealing Obamacare has nothing to do with what is good for America. It's entirely about not letting #Obama have this as his legacy. #Resist
#KochsGotEnough
Not even concerned with Health Care at this point, Senator. Work with your colleagues to impeach and remove this dictator @realDonaldTrump
Tim Kaine of Virginia executed 11 people in 4 yrs, six of whom were Black.  If he could do nothing to stop that, he should have resigned.
Dave, that’s not even funny. All the scripted “insults” culled from that fat bastard Rush who can’t even see his own GOPenis. Ugh.
Well said Senator
Fix and improve- collobrate & consultant with eachother- don't you guys on the hill remember going to kindergarten? 
Timmy, this is exactly why you should vote for the Graham bill.  Otherwise, does your policy cover mental illness?
Completely agree, Tim
Gov't should stay out of providing healthcare. Obama care is a nightmare that does nothing to help people. All about ur party and big gov't
Keep listening to #foxnews 
Unfortunately not Fox, friends, neighbors & family. Sure it helps someone somewhere just not anyone I know.
Or a tax cut for the 1%!
The trouble with Trumpcare is that Trump doesn't actually care about destroying the lives of ordinary Americans.
They're looting our healthcare to line the pockets of themselves and their donors. We're not going to take that lying down.
At this point it's about replacing & destroying politically all @GOP  #Senators & @GOPHouse who vote for it #SaveTheACA #DumpGOP
Sen. Kaine.  Friendly reminder. Use a hashtag on your tweets so we can trend it. Thanks muchly.
No u don't get it. Make economy stronger so good paying jobs available so people can buy ins. Not gov place to get involved in private ins.
Vice President  Pence
This is def the sassiest Kaine I've seen in a hot minute
Love my VA reps on the right side of this, but you guys have to be honest that this is about repub donors threatening to stop funding.
Otherwise, people are confused and gaslighted since NO ONE is behind this bill except repub senators.
Just like all democrats and no rep for obozocare
Hope you are gone soon so happy pence is vp
Thank you Senator Kaine!!
I agree with you Senator Kaine!
GOP should be honest and rename these bills “Profit Care.”
The @GOP version of healthcare should be called Passive Aggressive Eugenics. They talked trash for 8 yrs and this was the best they could do
ACA a complete failure should be Totally repealed
Yes! The dirty lie in all this is who benefits if Trumpcare passes &who loses. It's to help rich get richer &hurts poorer ppl. Class warfare
let it all implode then and cease all subsidies.  partisan democrats that pushed it thru own it
SHE WON!  SO DID YOU!  WHY DID YOU LET ILLEGITIMATE STEAL HER PRESIDENCY? IMPEACH. PRISON for all .
U must be illegal immigrant not to understand how our Constitution works.
Thank you for working hard for American people not just your donors (prefer no pref at all). Repeal & Replace @SenateGOP!
In order to give their donor class money they don't need the GOP are willing to kill their fellow citizens.
GOP are evil is my point.
Thank you for fighting for US!
AGREE
Or donors
They're all busy! I can't call any of them
Bill should be for all Americans not 400 billionaires tax breaks.
Tax federal reserve funds.
Tax my inheritance pay down deficit.
#aca has left its devastating mark on our society! Why waste more time with this crap! All $$ flowing like honey to big ins and hospitals!
It should include members of congress
shut up & keep killing defenseless innocent babies you sectumsempra !
Sweet good God. I’m from Ireland and I can’t reason with anyone wanting to take healthcare away from working people. WHY? So wrong.

"PIMPOTUS - Trump Models and Russia's Human Traffickers" https://patribotics.blog/2017/08/15/pimpotus-trump-models-and-russias-human-traffickers/ … via @patribotics

Along with adjusting cost of service.
But their donors don't care about helping & improving they just want their tax breaks or Rs get no more 
Repeal ACA and forget about it all together you are nothing but a progressive socialist
How many more of these "bills" do we have to shoot down before GOP will give up on killing people?
Sadly, I do not believe that will occur. We have to start by speaking with a true vote for the best suited candidate who will deliver party
This is the truth!!
Do the work needed to strengthen ACA. #DoTheWork
@Warmwater1 LOGIC & LOGIC IS NOT APPLIED 2 OR BY THESE CLOWNS (GOP COMRADES FOLLOWING t/PUTIN/RUSSIA)! Time2CleanWH&Gov'tOut?
well said MR VP
Improve medicaid, not destroy it. Cover All Americans and impeach Trump! Leave a fired Devos in a room with a single mother,rape victim ...
You repealed choice and destroyed insurance for my sister and millions of others. You spent billions and still 20 million not insured. Fail.
I agree, but what legislation have you submitted to fix the problems?
@timkaine  Can you please help @CoreyStewartVA with sending anything positive via tweeter? He struggles with it.
I believe  in repeal and improve that why you are not the VP
RT EQUALS Russian T.V.. spell it out @timkaine or are you advocating Russian media?
Is there no such thing as making amendments or tweaks to the current plan? Why does tge entire system have to be repealed? I'm lost on this.
This is truth!
Right on at least some of us still loves the country and our people.
Obamacare is Socialism that doesnt make anybody better but rather drags someone else down making it your brand of equality in equal misery.
Down with Obamacare!!!
Thank you for being the voice of reason and sanity!
Lol him the voice of reason all of you on left should have to be drug tested
Duh.
Improving lives of American Citizens not forcing them to pay for illegal aliens at the expense of their own children.
Helping & improving  American voters - not their megabucks donors.
I'm sorry the way it is now it is destroying people like my son and grandson. But u people don't care your just out 2 hurt trump 
If you like your doctor.......If you like your plan..........wow, what BS is that Tim????
Here's a novel solution.  Let insurance companies do the insurance and allow shopping across state lines with a few exceptions on coverage!!
Yes Please!!
Obama care is truly a horrible disaster ready to explode.  You only protect it because you hang on to Obama's shirt tail
Health care for Americans should not be a grudge match.  We should all be on the same page.
Obamacare is destroying healthcare and you are putting politics over helping people.  #PrideBeforeTheFall
How did politicians forget this?
Amazing that we should need to state this self evident fact.
Amen
ObamaCare is a failure as was your tenure as Gov & Sen. Virginians have long suffered because of your liberal socialist agenda. U R
I agree, but won't RT.
Sounds like Hilary Hype. Get over it.
I agree strongly
You should have thought about that when you passed the debacle called AHCA
It should be about replacing
Repealing would be helping.
So why didn't you help and improve your bill when you could. Can't have it both ways.
Of course!
It should be an effort by both parties
Kaine stop being a hypocrite,
ALL YOU CARE ABOUT IS THE MONEY IN YOUR BANK ACCOUNT,
You'd think it would be a no brainer
Are you and your Liberals friends gonna pay for it? Pathetic how you people sell our future for votes... #goaway
.@timkaine GOP failing at basic CQI.
GOP voting 4 Gram-Cass bill solely bc they promised 2 R&R O-care = Capt. of Titanic insisting Full Speed Ahead bc promised 2B in NYC by dawn
They should be all about abortions
You should practice what you preach
Yep!!!
Repeal. How can a middle class income family of 3 afford 1600$ a month and 8000$ deductible. Fuck Obama care
My son agrees !
It should be about repealing the ACA, my premiums went through the roof.
Thank you, Senator Kaine!! Please keep up the fight for all Americans to have access to affordable healthcare!
Did you say affordable?
Maybe you and the other Dems should have read the bill and thought about it before you passed Obamacare
Actually, "health care" bills should be about health care, not fulfilling an empty campaign promise or keeping the Koch money flowing
Some how they make you buy it and tell you that it is a good thing makes you wonder what they have been smoking Obamacare sucks.  Trump 2020
Only if the insurance is working witch Obamacare doesn't work have insurance can't afford to use it but still have to buy it what is wrong
The GOP...the party of seek and destroy. Nothing's changed.
You must fight your hardest to ensure that Graham-Cassidy does not get passed.
Thank you, @timkaine!
Buying votes with "free" stuff. This is your Democrat party.
Helluva thing when you have to retweet what should be obvious, but obviously isn’t to the Republican Party.
so you'll support single-payer now?
@marcorubio @SenateGOP help ur constituents-improve healthcare. Vote NO!!! Bipartisan bill-work 2gether. Do not fear the bully
You drank koolaid on behalf of Americans w/ACA.  #youownit. People not fooled a second time! Insurance card means nothing, care does! #lobby
and to @timkaine and his absolute lost statements! I am @toppediatrician. I live it everyday #ACA fails hospitals/ER and costs rise! ABSURD!
Honestly asking, not being snarky... what do you think WOULD help? I'm 100% disabled vet, VA & Medicare isn't enough, have had to get loans.
Agreed....adopted mantra months ago of "Repair & Improve" in lieu of...."Repeal & Replace" which is so regressive.
We desperately need #UniversalHealthCare!
Not in our Constitution. Try cuba.
Tim, I believe if you actually had a brain, you'd be out on the steps of the Rotunda playing with it...
Repealing and replacing is a good idea, if you replace it with something better.
Who is going to pay?
Right,  destroying healthcare was Obama cares job.  #MAGA
Why Was this ever a question ?
good Lord.
They should NOT be hidden tax cuts for the rich and entitled. Thank you @timkaine for fighting off this heartless bill.
Your right keep it like it is, who isn't for penalizing poor people who can't afford it with a fine
Time for Congress to focus our tax dollars on actual Medical & Senior Care & tell health profiteers their health "benefits" have expired.
You mean the way dozens of politicians are making millions off of stock from insurance companies since Ocare. This is why bailout
Like you really care!! You and others in the Senate have a special plan for you. Stop lying to the people..
Than @SenJohnMcCain deathbill is dead
REPEAL AND REPLACE THE DISASTER OCARE! How's the healthcare ur tyrant son received in jail Timmy baby? I'm sure better than ocare!
Enough of Fed govt help. Obamacare tore apart most family healthcare plans in the name of covering a few million - most who didn't want it
Amen
Instead of wasting all this time with these horrible plans the GOP could have been working with Dems to improve the ACA ! Useless idiots
Obamacare destroyed people's health insurance/care. Lost doctors, higher premiums & deductibles. Forces people to buy insurance or pay fine
When Obamacare collapses completely it's gonna be an interesting time. In the Chinese proverb sense.
the Health Care Revocation Act is very not good for american people
9/6/17 testimony of state Insurance Commissioners favored Democrats' approach to health care solutions. GOP biases from TN and OK ignored.
Insurance commissioners. 
I believe they have my best interests in mind…
Just like the ACA Senator?
The Graham-Cassidy bill should not have the word "care" in it.
or "health"
I think you should reduce the debt instead of giving our health care to Trump to run. You should return your salary until debt is gone.
How would the new healthcare bill be something Trump would run since it gives the power back to states to formulate for their needs
Trump or some other politician either way no thanks. @DrRandPaul  is the only one making sense on the issue in my opinion.
This should be controlled by those closest to the people not Washington DC
I think anything the government is involved in usually declines in value quickly.
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW!!
Ah no.
You're a master of false dichotomies that don't map to reality! Cheers!
Save lives by saving ACA. #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Hmmm.  What's Better?  Having a health care plan that doesn't work or one that only the privileged  can afford.
You know it's not true...always politics from the losing party.
"health care" bills should be Constitutional.
It's not that Trump cares about Americans having better insurance it's all about undoing anything Pres Obama related. A/k/a racist Trump.
Barb are you another proud white person that's tells everyone that your white and voted for Obama so you can't be a racist
Are you saying everyone should have the exact same coverage you and your family receive for no cost? I didn't think so.
I think we should all have healthcare, maybe as a right of a US Citizen, we could call it 'Healthcare for all' or 'Medicare for all'
Yeah well the government doesn't include themselves in your ALL,
