No. It shows how awful comey is
Wanna take that back today? DemocRATS are digging their own grave Bye Bye BHO & DemocRATS
Hillary and yourself were the most corrupt nominees in history of American politics! Why was Hillary rallying with the Orlando shooters dad?
they would not be frightened if they didn't have something to hide...SPMETHING BIG!!!!!!!
No, what it really shows is how Comey bought into pressure from Dems.There is no "there" there.  What will u complain about when exonerated?
He is not a Sissy Pants like the rest of  the democRATS. All this will come back to Hil LIAR y
you're a nut job too. I am glad that you had no chance for Predency if anything happened to Hilary if was elected!
You are so awesome.
, you liberals shouldn't even hold an office.
russians was used as a coverup for the murder of seth rich, dnc whistleblower to Wikileaks& other 2016 murders by hillary/obama
You BS shows how scared you Dems are. Not the other way around.Shit sandwich
thought maybe you would have retired you went mono on mono and got your ass handed to you what an embarrassment even
You're the one who should be frightened about the Russian investigation because I'm sure you and Hillary have a lot hidden
View and crooked Hillary what a joke
I can't believe you still have the balls to even show your face after the beating and I mean beating that Pence gave you
or just how sick we are of courruption and LIARS.  We are sick of YOU too.
Accept and move on to working the job you were elected for.  Trump is OUR PRESIDENT!
hillary/obama/mccain made up lie that russians interfered to cover up seth rich death
You sold your soul, but still don't get it.
The Democrats are worried because they know Sessions and the new CIA director will go after Hillary & Obama on Russia & Benghazi
Maybe, or maybe not---It's time to get to the bottom of all investigations--Russia, Trump, H Clinton, Lerner and Lynch/B Clinton
@POTUS  Trump's not one who's frightened. Dems pathetically attempting to cover up info disclosed in hacks r the frightened ones
You do know they make medication for your mental illness
Bs
Trump admin has no fear.  But you Alt left progressives should be shaking so much your teeth will fall out!  You are so corrupt!
I bet he is!!!
The president is draining the swamp, so stop talking smak and show the people evidence
But it was ok for Bill Clinton to fire the FBI director during the Vince Foster investigation...
Where is there any EVIDENCE? Is this a ploy 2 diminish Trump's presidency or is there something 2 show the American people? #ComeyFiring
you're dead on finally someone says what its all about
I'm sure they are petrified Timmy
What an idiot! Comey gone doesn't mean any investigation stops!
ROFL.... because I know you and all those around you are now shaking in your boots!  
What is your point? You were FURIOUS with Comey back in Oct-Nov!!!  Get your self together!
no kaine it does not hillary/obama used the russians to coverup crimes and murders seth rich and others2016
How can Congress justify not being the checks and balances of our government. COUNTRY OVER PARTY.
u r right. they cannot.
special prosecutor for  life of Ambassador Stevens & staff.
 a intel  investig,  No crimeTrump saved  US from Facism /communism.
Trump is getting tired of the so call democrats riding him like a horse and keeping up a stink with no evidence!!
: you Sir, are an idiot! Your boss Hillary  would have  fired  him too, right?!  so  don't  be such a schmuck!
Kaine is not Able to tie Trump to Russia...
What a sad little man...
You're a snake. So you wanted Comey fired until he was. Crawl back in your hole losers. Sincerely, I'm an embarrassed Democrat
You should be more embarrassed over our elected president but thats none of my business.
. omg Kaine, Bore, bore, bore - we are sick of hearing you & @HillaryClinton. Your best shot at ever being VP is to shut up! #BingBong 
He has a better chance of becoming howdy dooty than ever being our VP.
No it doesn't. Perhaps Trump is tired of the obstruction to get to the truth about Hillary Clinton .  Trey Gowdy for FBI Director.
you demon-crats are in treason for putting an illegal in office(muslimobama)to destroy America.pathetic don'twaste my money jerk
Tim K is a weak lil weasel. It's why Hilary picked him!
strop the fake news please>>>

So now that Comey's out, lets get the FBI to do some forensics on that DNC server! WHY DIDN'T THEY LET THEM LOOK? DNC LIED! WASN'T RUSSIA!
Nobody is frightened over Russia. The left keep harping on it and creating a thing where there is no thing
Oh look, John Edwards has something to say.
That's why u and hillbilly have racing stripes
Ya Kaine that's it geez I'm not a senator and I know that's a lie Time to drain the swamp MAGA
INDEED!  HIDING UNDER ROCKS  BREAKING SIMPLE SEPARATION OF POWERS LONG HELD LAWS TAUGHT IN 5TH GRADE!
Really?You know it's all crap but like your fellow establishment ilk you have No spine and hate ppl like me
it proves trump isn't afraid of your corrupt establishment crap, he's draining the swamp, comey was a crooked as the clinton's
Crazy clown is back..@timkaine and a scary clown you are..
Ha ha ha ha, of course it does!
Could it be that you all are just frightened that Comey is no longer around to hide the truth?
U B the Joker! You Freak!
NoOne in @VisitVirginia TrustYou!!You're a LaughingStock #Virginia made a bigMistake . HUGE & You Proved them Right @VA_GOP #CantFixStupid
I think your running mate is the one who should be frightened. You are probably dirty too.
Do you really believe the investigation will cease just because Comey got canned?  Geez. Calm down. It will continue even with Comey gone.
Shakin in their boots. LOL. What an irrational tool.
@timkaine where is Madam hiding?
Conversely new FBI head may wander over to ur role at DNC  laundering. Or your "activities" in Richmond prior. Plugging up ur swamp...
The Russia investigation is a complete waste of time and money and if you had any integrity left you would admit that and move on.  #TRUMP
another dim loser
you are so correct. Please keep working hard to find the truth in spite of this administration's obstruction of justice.
Where he was assaulting innocent people and the police dressed in black with his face covered like a coward he is time for a new Senator
Senator Kaine We the people of Virginia need to look into you with your lies .You need to be worried about your son being arrested in MN
Senator I think it's time for you Maxine Schumer and the rest of the lying Democrats to retire step down unfit to lead! Lying to look good
Trying to keep up with you Schumer and Waters is making me dizzy the lies are so confusing from you all that you cannot keep them straight
I thought it was Coney's fault Hillary and the Dems lost!  You can't have it both ways.
you are a Nazi! Leave Congress as you are untrustworthy! U were Islamic Traitors Obamas EVIL choice!
now maybe they can continue looking into Hillary's little foundation and so on and so on
I agree. Donald Trump and the Republican Party will pay for this in 2018.  We LOVE you Tim Kaine! #ImStillWithClintonKaine
If you sir stop lying for everything American people maybe you can fix little bit you party which destroying America
Don't recall your "outrage" when bubba Clinton fired his FBI director for no apparent reason. Trump has a reason..
And your comment shows just how little attn. you pay when all invest agencies say...nothing found, nothing there..
You have got to be kidding....No one has ever seen President Trump frightened or his Team.Admit it !
The dems are pressing Russia connection, Hillary has that & the firing bc of handling of Hillary's email's.. Again her name keeps coming up
Every aspect of this Admin is madness from A to Z  Trump does not represent America well. He dismisses legitimate ??'s
We need independent investigation. #TREASON #investigatetrump #PutinsPuppet
No one cares what you think. We all know tge truth. Nothing to russia collusion fantasy, COMEY deserved firing. Dems begged 4 it
I think you just need to go away mr kaine you just can't seem to realize you and hilliary lost
Aren't there other FBI agents that can take over the investigation? I mean comey isn't the only one doing the investigation
Tin foil
8 Months of investigating and They have found NOTHING!! You should be investigated!!
Senator Kaine, Your reelection bid will be occur in 2018, can't wait to see you voted out of  office. No more left wing candidates!!
As Malcolm Nance says, "the target is getting buggie."
Patriotic @GOP & @SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats must press for #IndependentComission #TrumpRussa Article 2 section 4 of the Constitution
what planet do you live on the e-mails along call for firing
You are a hypocrite. hillary had ties to russia, profitable ties. Her foundation was a front, pay to play. Where was your concern?
Kaine, it has already been stated ,  there was no collusion between Russia and Trump. The only collusion is in your imagination.
There is no investigation. You are deliberately keeping dirty gossip alive. You're a nobody..tried to shirt-tail Clinton $$. Shut up.
It's so obvious what Trump is doing. I pray to God that some justice can be done to get him out of office. I call my Congress & Senators
So Tommy ya better keep your uneducated comments to yourself,  your going to be voted out. ....can't wait
This is a shame all the way around
AND YOU FULL OF IT. YOU LEFTS DIDN'T LIKE IT CAUSE YOU USED COMEY TO HIDE BEHIND..
Yes they are.
As frightened as they were that Hillary might win in 2016.  They fear her, because she is too smart for them.
Either there's no evidence or the FBI is incompetent.  You guess!
Kaine, could possibly be any more of a Neo-Marxist Regressive Leftist Cuck? I think not...
No it actually shows that the Am political system has been hijacked by the corrupt and incompetent.  Political 9/11 is what it is.
Mr. Kaine, Seek help asap, as your stupidity is oozing out.
Ur afflicted w/mental disease  known as "delusional social/democrats"
Rubbish.
I don't think so,the only one not at the White House was Putin.
How idiotic
You are out of your mind. Every time I see you I question your sanity.
a new FBI Director might just reopen the case on Hillary, Loretta, and YOU. Gotta love karma...right?
So, Comey is the single competent person that can effectually complete that investigation?  I think not.
@timkaine
you right vice president.
You are completely wrong. You the liberals are the ones frightened because more nasty things will come out from you
Serious question, could this firing be considered obstruction of justice !?
actually it's not. The Supreme Court affirmed the FBI Director works at the pleasure of the President.
Ok I honestly did not know, thanks
you're welcome
It means the DNC and Hillary need to be frightened.  They can still bring charges against her and maybe Podesta's Pizza code
You mean the fake Russian story you and Killary made up?
We're pretty frightened too Senator Kaine.
Nixon fired Archibold Cox..
How frightened can he b when yesterday he fired Comey investigating RU ties & 2day Trump is gladhanding with Russians at the WH? Stupid?
that is pure BS KILLARY would have fired him January 25th.
That's terrific. What are you doing about it?
A sad double standard, you dems are just afraid he will investigate the truth about hillary as well. Joke
Don't worry about Mr. Comy; I've got a feeling he'll land on his feet. It's a distraction regardless.
No President Trump is shaking in his boots over fear he has for the Senators such as you Master Tim!
Seriously? Typical democratic rhetoric. You still don't have a clue - why you lost... or what patriotic Americans believe.
It's the Dems who are frightened, knowing serious investigations of liberal crimes are now coming with Comey out of the way.
Coming from someone stupid as you makes your point even more ridiculous. Dems should be afraid of all illegal things they have been doing!!!
... or cockey?
You are blaming Trump for doing what you pleaded Obama to do.   Sooo Funny.
Is that the same thinking that convinced you & HRC you could win the election?
FBI Spokespersons have said repeatedly that there is no credible evidence of collusion with Russia & the Trump Campaign, stupid.
that is bs and you know it !!  Ur just afraid of what might happen to Hillary now ..i hope and pray she goes down ...
Tim, you must have eaten lead chips breakfast, lunch and dinner as a kid
6 months of fbi investigation and STILL no evidence, youre pathetic, predictable and pathetic
