NO!! YOU Democrats are treating this like a game,.. STOP LYING TO US!! You are one of the snakes that need to be drained from the swamp!!
Sorry Mr. Kaine, but obviously the Senate is NOT better than this.
Sadly, no it's not. That's why you have an 11% approval rating. Things MUST change.
PLEASE stop them!!!
Unfortunately 40 of the GOP aren't better.
You are saying everything middle America said 8 years ago.  Thanks for finally getting onboard.  What happened to transparency in Congress?
They used to be better than this. The GOP has sent it over a cliff. #ProtectOurCare
Disagree...It started when McConnell said they would oppose everything Pres Obama proposed & their #1 goal was 2 make him a 1 term president
Hello
It should be better than this, but alas, it's not
then just do nothing and let it fail, collapse.  Democrats totally own it
I did not have access to healthcare before ACA and neither anyone else who had a pre-existing condition.
It goes both ways since the ACA is failing why don't the democrats and republicans start working together on a bill that works
Both parties & the media have treated all major legislative battles like zero sum sporting contests for years. It's why we hate all of you.
#ProjectForABetterMKUltra. We make u think it's what u want. It's what we do.
Congress is the #AmericanOligarchyDefenseForce
#FakeGovernment
Coming from a guy who DOESNT HAVE TO DEAL with Obamacare.  The Senate unfairly opted out because they KNEW it was awful.  Hypocrite!!
Gee, Timmy. Remember during the #ACA debate when @SenateDems refused to allow even ONE witness to testify for #singlepayer? #Goodtimes
Wish they would do some real work instead of how they can kill Americans by denying health care to millions.
Oh, come on Tim, it's a game all of you play. It's YOUR club and WE ain't in it. Cut the bullshit!
Do you do anything other than troll people who actually matter?
Don't know much about Obamacare, but I've noticed a lot of ppl sfring around me because of it, while I benefit. And that's not right.
I bet if you Members of Congress had to have the same Healthcare and abide by the same laws the rest of America does you all would do better
No, Senator. They are not.
But what is going on? Last night the bill was defeated and today the looking to pass it again ? Why I feel GOP knows politics more than DEM
That's funny Tim, we tell the jokes around here
You need to bring out/ 7-years of BULL  ( S ) and if the U.S. IS Grate how is it THAT 
Other COUNTRIES have ( H-C ) And we dont.
Who here in this feed actually has Obamacare and a job?  I will wait..meanwhile this joker has the best healthcare ever. Wld he trade?  NOPE
U hate Trump and Pence because they have values and u obviously were lacking as a parent. Save the scare tactics not all ppl r dumb like urs
#VoteNo
#noitsnot
Now I've got Todd Young instead of you & Mark. I miss you guys!
Senator, you are better than this but I'd give you poor odds that your Republican colleagues are. #TrumpRussia #Trumpcare
Actually... Not so sure the Senate IS better than this, given GOP behavior over the past 8 yrs. Just getting worse and worse.
For as long & hard as they have been pushing trumpnocare it seems they are not. Money is all that matters.
Once perhaps, presently reality shows otherwise
I wish I could agree with you about the Senate- I will say it ought to be better than this.
i appreciate all you do, but as of right now, the senate is clearly not better than this. there is simply no excuse for this behavior.
We deserve better @timkaine Please fight with all you've got for us.
Harry Reid changed the senate rules as needed and the ACA was not a bipartisan bill.
we need to support impeachment with the same fervor as we are healthcare. Ds are raising money- spend it for the right thing.
I know Tim I have seen your ideas and resist resist resist will definitely get the job done #NOT
Ask John McCain what health care means to him. We pay 4 his & deserve it as well. Why does GOP want 2tell the World we are 3rd World Country
Which senate? OUR senate? The US Senate?

Senate that played Games with @BarackObama’ #SCOTUS choice? 

THAT SENATE?
#NeverTrustARepublican
Unfortunately, Mitch McConnell and his allies have destroyed the once-great U.S. Senate.
Sadly Senate isn't better than this...
The Senate would be better if Dems were in charge.
I doubt that
Forget #ACA
Fix the underlying problem
Get profiteers out of healthcare
#MediCareForAll
Delete 3 words "65 and older" from Medicare.
Solved.
I don't care what they do on individual market; I want Medicare buy in for all with essential benefits revenue neutral Medicaid stays as is
They act like a bunch of frat boys!
It's not a product either !!! It's a basic human right !!!
SCOTUS descent on ACA case: 
Economic risk to safety and stability of the nation should not come from the judiciary .  not senate either!
obviously the senate, under republican control, is currently NOT better then This
Should be better than this, votes speak louder than words. #KillTheBill

No they're not. This is a time/government like I've never seen before (I'm 67). This gov't is ignoring will/needs of its' own people. Sad!
The Senate should be better than this...the Senate used to be better than this...the Senate is no longer better than this. The nation weeps
Push #MedicareForAll as well, BE PROACTIVE.
That may have been true before McConnell, but it is no longer.
It was the Democratic Party that forced the SCAM of Obamacare on the working American, trying to monopolize our medical insurance. CROOKS.
Loser Hack !!!
Repeal and don't replace. No more government healthcare BS
Stop reacting.  Where's Obama?  @BarackObama @MichelleObama SILENT.  No Dem leaders with strong voices.  We are doomed by this weakness
I am tweeting ferociously at their plan supporters/leaders against their shameful efforts.  We don't even know their plan.
Get those amendments ready, Senator!
I used to believe that it was better than this. The @GOPmajority has changed that. Representing the USC - United States of Corporations.
Yup! Koch brothers Incorporated! 
Koolaid drinkers United   Losers
Thank you, @timkaine, for fighting for the ACA.
A proven SCAM on the working American. Just another handout from the government on the backs of the working American. Get Real !!!
No they are treating it as exactly what it is to them- tax money, they need the tax money out of healthcare for their next move
Sadly the Senate GOP is not better than this - they are the sum total of their actions and so this is who they are.
You're the one treating it like a game by voting no automatically without trying to help whatsoever, you should be ashamed of yourself
#ProtectOurCare? Pay for your own care. We're done being financially raped to pay for your insurance at the expense of our families.
#Repeal
Please keep fighting for the ACA. We the people appreciate it!
Obamacare is dead 
No, they're not.
