Support medicare for all
see you on Friday, in Bristol, my hometown, love you
Hey Tim, I told all the Dems I know that you sucked when Hillary chose you for VP. Thanks for making me look smart!!!
Tell @SenAlexander we are still waiting on a town hall in his district. Maybe he can hold off on a duet for a few hours to meet constituents
Senator Kaine, it was an honor to spend time with you last Saturday.  You we very gracious with to talk with me and I appreciate it.
Why don't you jam on single payer you poser?!
@timkaine more choice in health care vs #Medicare4All ? Like the choice to go broke or die? I urge you to cosponsor @SenSanders bill
Harmonica!??? Sign on to #Medicare4All
I'm incredibly disappointed to read that you are still opposed to Single Payer. I was an enthusiastic supporter and defender. #rethinking
I'm NOT CRAZY!! Well I guess that's debatable!? But I'm right about THIS!? Protect our democracy!! PLZ! PLZ! I'm right!
Timmy boy you did more than blow on a harmonica !
Spend less time looking like a dweeb and more time advocating for single payer. Thanks a bunch.
Cosponsor Medicare for All, the majority of the country wants it and needs it. #MedicareForAll
I felt you need to blow something with all the disaster happening now.  Just like a liberal must have something to blow hot air
Yes you really blow hard
Bob = Bot
Tim 

You are FAKE NEWS

MAGA

LOVE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES DONALD TRUMP
Blueheeler = bot
Not about Ryan appointing someone or crooked Pence getting it... ALL OF THEM ARE GUILTY!! THEY STOLE THE ELECTION!!
& tampering with computers & registration lists and whatever they wanted!!!! HE IS NOT THE PRESIDENT!! CLEARLY!!
This HAS TO BE RECTIFIED!!! THEY CHEATED & BROKE THE LAW!! YOU & HILLARY WON! JUST LIKE EVERYONE THOT!! COLLUSION!
But Sen. Trump & Minions CHEATED! Broke the law! You guys won!!! I think you legitimately WON! Russians in local!
Who's on lead guitar?
Support single payer binch.
We have some harmonica players on the blue team to introduce you to. They played at Bryce Mt when your young wife hung out with the Hi Jinx
Well let's hear it
Forget the harmonica. Straighten out that terrorist you raised!
You need to get a real job.
Well you certainly are full of hot air you fraud.
Medicare for all or go!
Playing the harmonica while America burns  you go tim helluva job you're doing
Let me know when Uke players can get in on the jam.
the state GOP has blocked Medicare expansion. Virginians need help and they need Medicare for All
Wow no wonder nothing gets done on the hill get to work vacation over people need help
How about you break out the spine and co-sponsor #MedicareForAll
Where's back up singer Elizabeth Warren? Make it a real circus.
Huh???
WE WANT SINGLE PAYER
GET to work!!
Why don't you go to Gilpen Court & Play for your Base Voters that are Killing themselves off at Record Pace
I have so many questions about all the things I'm seeing in this office.
My tax dollars at work
Kaine you suck so the harmonica is out of the question
James Cotton or Little Walter?
Birds of a feather
YAS DAD!
Wow that's almost as good as poor people having access to healthcare in America
We need to have a dialogue as to why single payer is necessary in this country, Tim.
SO WHAT

How is prison working out for your son. Been to Vist him latley.
How about an update!!
Why didn't you play the harp in the debate? Hell, you'd be President now!
Better than you working, I reckon.
Great to see enjoyment
What a cool quilt. Who made it, when?
Excited you're NOT the Vice President Tim. Keep on jamming.
I love that Krazy Quilt in the background 
supportmedicareforall
Why won't you sign on to #MedicareForAll
Even @CoryBooker signed on and he's deeeeeep in those Pharma pockets.
Is this why you don't support #MedicareForAll ?
Harmonicas are great, but why don't you fill the holes in our healthcare coverage instead of trying to look folksy?
How weird
