Trump poised to abandon the fight against climate change based on the request of 22 Republican Senators?
Real question: Why does Trump shred U.S. alliances and cozy up to dictators?
You know why. That's not the question. The question is when in God's name will you guys stop him?
And that's what people are saying, & not just Democrats!! It makes you question our check & balance system & the real role of Congress!
Scientists who once fell for climate con have proved it false.  They even witnessed & proved temps were manipulated by agencies like NOAA.
El Niño & La Niña have the most impact on climate & have been reported & known about by scientists since 1877.  Current con is about control
Climate Con about control, costs USA jobs, closes coal, causes skyrocketing electric, transportation, food, gas: hit lower income very hard.
Left still peddles fake % of scientists agreeing w/them after they were caught removing 1000's  of negative surveys, leaving < 100. Lies.
It leaving the bogus agreement stops trillions of USA $s that would be stolen from taxpayers & consumers in the USA. Stop the bs.
Reality: Signing agreement bails out failed economies on the backs of American taxpayers & consumers. Does absolutely nothing for climate.
What are you? A shill for the Chinese?
This really demonstrates the leader of the free world is totally clueless about how the world is running. Pure ignorance grow up Mr. Trump
Th country hates Trump
I agree with trump.. our jobs and livelihood depends on coal and oil
I'm not surprised at all the USA is pulling out of the Paris accord. Here we have a leader who doesn't know anything. Very pathetic!
Hopefully we have a good plan for rebuilding after Trump has burned us to the ground
thanks
Trump's knee-jerk anti-Obama actions dull America's cutting edge & diminish US credibility and global stature. Not so "great."
The NYSlimes ?
LMAO
Bullshit quoted from the failing @nytimes. Typical.
Hopefully private companies will engage and have more sense than our President 
Actually, DT is ceding US leadership on almost every issue. Sickening.
Why does Sen. Kaine speak so often and do so little?  Is this what the taxpayer pays for?  He's probably funded by @SenatorDurbin lobbyists
As opposed to ceding it on women's issues, education, and equity and justice
Truly stupid decision by @realDonaldTrump simply to gain attention. #2018 #2020.
South Georgia has started clean energy jobs. This may hurt.
I am sick over this.  Our planet deserves better.  WE deserve better than the orange orangoutang .
What about jobs? Who gives a flying rip what the global progressives think.
This is what happens when wilfully ignorant Americans put a greedy, sleazy millionaire's ego before liberty, democracy, & country.
Whoever is president after him has a lot of fixing to do.
22 GOP in a letter to Potus for US to join Syria and Nicaragua not in the Accord, #22toTurnBlue
And ensure America first. Better economy and jobs for the US.  America voted for this.
Agree!!! TRMP bringing us and the world down!
Hell we did with man space exploration why not this.  The market will provide
Even the dictators are in the paris agreement.  We are coming up short against north korea and Russia seriously!  Trump is all about himself
Trump does not want to lead. Too much work. Not unless he is somehow profiting personally.Lazy pres
... only if our colleges and universities continue their moral decline into progressive left wing ideology Timmy. No indoctrination, TEACH!!
Unbelievable. Not sure how this makes us great again.
This man should have been our VP Thanks trumpsters 90 million non voters and third party voters for where we are today 
And this makes America great again...how?
Yet his feelings being hurt by @kathygriffin is domonating headlines.WAKE UP AMERICA!!!!!
Drag him mr vice president
once again under @realDonaldTrump  US loses all standing in the world!
Good thinking, we will join Nicaragua and Syria,who have not joined....
Of course it will! Instead of " the leader". We will now be a "follower"  Hope that is what Trump voters were going for.
why are the GOP house and Senate so dam quite?
He doesn't care. His buddy Bannon is committed to "deconstruction of the administrative state".
How can Congress stand by and let this happen?
What are YOU doing to prevent his doing this, Senator Kaine?  So very dangerous for our planet and future generations.
we voted an idiot for President, we deserve every stupid policies he brings to the table.
Wasn't your son arrested for inciting violence at a rally?  Paris Accord will only reduce temps 0.3F well within error margin
Climate change isn't won by big bloated government programs that hardly punish cheating members.  Paris CA put US a disadvantage - well done
You are absolutely right.  We are taking a back seat by backing out.
We already lost leadership cred, remember @realDonaldTrump is in the WH. Stay strong Senator #resist #midterms
This needs to be put to a vote.
Actually pulling out of the Paris Climate Agreement will be the beginning of the end of the U.S.A. #Trump #uspoli
Well since he's ceded global leadership on everything else...

senator Please can't y'all Do something about this... constitutionally?
We are showing our ignorance. Smh.
Somebody convince the president of that, and good luck.
You meant to say the global scam,
We need Jobs and pay less in Taxes. Not waste our money for BS Climate stuff that others will benefit with. Don't waste my Tax Dollars.
Don't worry. He won't be around long
Mm.. M. L
Trump doesn't care about the climate & its effects! None of the GOP care. Putting Pruitt @ the EPA is like asking Charles Manson to babysit.
Can't you guys stop him? What on earth does Congress need to act? He breaks the law every day. Do something!
We will regret giving up the technological opportunities that alternative energies offer.
And innovation will go elsewhere
This is good. I lived in Germany for three years.   Monthly utility bills are horrendous. All to fund Merkel's wind and solar fields.
Why should poorer nations be shackled with templated "international laws" that will stymie their general welfare and actualisation?

@POTUS
#Climatechange People like @BillNye aren't "idiots". They know they're lying but the money is good. @SteveSGoddard
If @POTUS Trump has any doubts about the science of "Climate Change", he should invite Tony Heller/@SteveSGoddard et al. to the WH.

#Auspol
"Man Made #ClimateChange" is a fraud.

See the brilliant work by Tony Heller/@SteveSGoddard 

http://realclimatescience.com        

@POTUS #Auspol
It just emphasizes how issues which the ratings-obsessed media ignores are so important in Presidential elections. Ill-informed voters.
Keep fighting for us
Already ceded just by his few appointments to cabinet positions
When will Congress impeach this idiot?
We may be better off during this brief period of Trump
Well isn't that a fine howdy do and a real COVFEFE.
.What is this "global leadership" the US keeps going on about? In what? Gun violence? Poverty? Oil spills? Bad health care? Racism?
You're a fraud- the pca is nothing but a socialist money laundering scheme which allows the biggest offenders off the hook
A few too many subtlties and complexities for 45 to appreciate.
We'll be ok, whiner. Is there a day that goes by that you do not whine?
Senator Kaine Do ya think he even knows what it is?
Great news
Making his pockets great again.  Conflict, treason, whatever.  He is above the law.  King Donald.
Timmie until China joins there is no point
Step in Europe.
our economy cant compete when rest of worlds energy costs go to zero. bad move.
Welcome to the Trump Republican Party and the new.....
Come on, Sen.Caine, a great America is a warmer America! A MUCH warmer America. :)
He just wants to be rid of everything he doesn't understand
he wants to undo everything obama did. he is pandering to his base running for 2020.
he is a brainless wonder.
This is what viewing the world from the most short sighted and truly childish balance-sheet perspective gets us - death.
Global leadership of anything was ceded on Nov 8.
This is the most irresponsible act yet this President has committed to destroy America and our relationship with our allies and others. Wow!
I don't find this acceptable. We have the ability to live in a cleaner world. He needs to stop
Global leadership was ceded on Election Day.
Consistent with their message. they don't believe in science or clean energy and have ceded US leadership on everything in cowardly retreat.
Why don't you call it global warming anymore? Why is it now referred to as climate change?
Please do not confuse "science" with the Paris Agreement.
No it wouldn't. It just means that we are not going to subsidize Europe any longer. We are free to reduce our carbon footprint on our own.
Why is he deliberately hurting our country?  He needs to go and become a citizen in Russia.  He'll be happier there.
Who can stop him? Seriously. We need this information NOW.  #marchfortruth #ImpeachTrump
Did you lose?
I don't doubt that he will, but he is Bully Blustering to take the news heat off of his Burning Toilet Fire of a #TrumpRussia mess.
Yeah, I think that ship has sailed over the rising sea levels. So much winning...
Trump has ruined the U.S. standing in the world. He does not think straight & understand his actions.
I am disappointed and concerned.  Is there anything you and your fellows in the Senate and Congress can do?
Pretty sure that was ceded when America elected this buffoon to the White House!
Solyndra
He doesn't believe in science
Send your son to protest
Somebody please straighten this man out; tell him not to dump the Climate Accord.
the United States is no longer the the leader of the free world Trump has destroyed that Germany and Angela Merkel are now the leaders
Idiot. #FakePresident
It's shameful that we would be one of 3 countries. Disgusting   He is destroying our country and standing in the world
True, America is a nation of morons
Trump doesn't care about being a global leader. It's all about him and his family. Sad, but not shocking
Sadly this President has ceded leadership on everything he touches: tolerance, human rights, voting rights, equality...
Global warming is not science. It's ideology ever religion. The earth is cooling, dude
Are you sure?  Last 3 yrs have been records in high temps..CO2 in atmosphere
If you dont understand, let the people who know ab this decide
Why are we in this situation?  Because the idiots in our country fell for a con man!  We had the best P and VP, who won the popular vote!
#ImpeachTrump  #TrumpColluded #Trumprussia #DisgustingTraitor #GreedMonster
This Zombie-Republican party has not been interested in science (or clean energy) for decades.
Big Government without leverage to enforce rules against cheating members is a waste and doesn't solve climate issues. PCA was useless.
Between this and his falling out with NATO leaders, you are watching a potential abdication of global leadership held by the USA since WWII.
Again, it's a distraction, sir #FOCUS #REVOKECLEARANCES Kushner
Trump does what Putin biddings
Perhaps if President Obama had submitted it as a treaty to the Senate, it would be law now. But gosh, he didn't do that did he?
Trump is destroying our standing in the world. Putin must be thrilled.
Putin is getting what he paid for
Yes Timmy the green global crime wave is over. Climate change science is a joke. A means to horde resources nothing more....P.s. resign
The US has ceded global leadership on so much (think civil and human rights) since this new admin took office. Tragically embarrassing.
At least DT is remaining consistent after last weeks G7/NATO embarrassments.
We don't deserve to lead right now....... we will need to look for a new lode star.  Hitting rock bottom might b what is needed to wake up.
I have been trying to give this president a chance. But if he does this and pulls us out of the climate agreement, I am done.
We've already ceded global leadership on everything else with him in office. He's going for the clean sweep.
Where is the outrage in Congress as this clown continues to poise us on the brink of disaster? It appears those who can do something won't!
Sen. Kaine, this is alarming & scary, if Pres Trump will pulling out of Paris Climate deal...
Good, because that leadership is going nowhere.
Help!!!
For the GOP, ignorance is bliss.
He only cares abt his net worth. Every1 paying attn knows this
Big mistake for future job market, and he is a business man?
Wrong, 44 entered into this agreement w/o congressional approval. Sending the rights of Americans to a global agreement. No thank you.
Such a disappointment
And where is Mike Pence in all this? If he has a chance to save face should he become president this would be his time to shine!
Pence is too busy being a stoolie
We have lost leadership in the oval office.  It is now up to the Senetors, Congresmen and Representatives to put pressure on so he reverses
Exactly!
Trump is "Anti" America
Making America Last
#25thAmendment
I'm pretty sure that horse was halfway out of the barn the minute Donnie became "president."
Wake up America! You will lose respect from those still in the agreement! It will be worse for you if you pulled out
Trump is the destructive force that needs convincing. We common Americans don't want this to happen.
We will keep our billions, thanks for playing clown 
