
What's wrong loser he making you and your party look bad??? YES HE IS...
Get your own house in order! DJT children accomplishments based in hard work vs your son arrested!
Hard work? Having everything handed to them & being as crooked as their father is more like it.
Obvious comment frm silver Spooner.Ever worked in a family business where you had to start at the bottom? Didn't think so!
No Trump has.
Educate yourself before weighing in. Embarrassed for you 
and your admin will rise ;-) you and HRC, Tim
Crooked Hillarywill be in prison soon
awww you poor poor guy. Still hanging onto the bedtime stories,, how sweet. Bless your heart.
Seems like your discribing yourself. Crooked Hillary was soundly defeated and you can't get over it.
There you go delusional again.  That's why the losing nag is on a excuse tour.
Just about every time the Republican party has been in control,  we go backwards. This is the worst yet. Something must be done IMMEDIATELY!
Historically this is very true. The country always runs better under Democrats.
That the biggest joke I've ever heard. Thank God Trump won saved us from a real disaster
By building a coalition to fight ISIS? He's bringing us closer to our allies
You can't build coalitions by insulting the very countries whose cooperation you seek?
Have you seen the way President Trump was greeted while overseas?  Like royalty. Huge difference than the way Obama way treated. #MAGA
Royalty? Did you see the crowds in Europe for Obama? And he is no longer President.
Look at Mess Europe is in Socialism run wild which is why they love Obama Worst most incompetent corrupt and weakest President in US history
I would not say that at all. He seems to be doing everything he said he would on the campaign trail.
Got that right. Got to get untangled in order to move forward.
You are on the wrong side of the wall senator.  You defend everybody but America.  Run down these Tweets, wrong side every time!
Absolutely!  When are the Republicans going to get some balls, and the Country wake up and fight against this travesty?
My grandkids are in Qatar..
 I wish you would shut up and let government get them home.
Hillary said in recent interview, DNC is bankrupt, their data was either poor or wrong.  She had 2 infuse money into DNC, they gave her zero
How much cash will U have 2 donate, 2 keep these politicians viable?  Desperate 2 raise cash from U, to give 2 illegals, buy their votes.
Watchdog group, Public Interest Legal Foundation, reports 5,000 non- citizen votes were cast in VA.  Non citizen,they mean illegal.
Because of all the distractions from the Dems and left.  Americans see thru your hate and dislike for trump.
Just like the disparity in UN support.  He was right, UN is responding & Merkel of Germany is guilty of non compliance. Reason for coolness
what have you done to improve our insurance coverage and help allies.
This is so rich!
I hope you have saved money from your war chest; you'll need it after the next election. @realDonaldTrump at least tells it like it is!
Chaplin jib his first time ight
The only thing he has accomplished is dividing the country and playing golf.
Congratulations to you for describing Obama presidency perfectly, your words: His presidency is all destruction & no accomplishments.
Work together whoever the president.represent THE USA
Calif is attempting to pass a bill for free healthcare. Problem is, bill costs 400 billion, state income is 180 billion?  Dems are NUTS!
Trumps new creed: Make America Weak and Alone. Sad
Really! When are you guys going to be real Americans!
Sore loser?
It's all b/c he hates Obama and wants to destroy eveything he touched.There's no denying it,Trump hates @POTUS44.
How's your son doing? Did you hire him an attorney yet?
Is your son protesting today?
Who do you blame for Hillary's loss? Why didn't you help her more? 
He couldn't help the Hildebeast he's as big an idiot as she is!!!
@randyprine Kind of places him @realDonaldTrump & #Comey who presided over #KillerCops & #PoliceBrutality on a level playing field
Driving a stake thru ur globalist vision of mass illegal immigration & int'l overlords is as "accomplishments" as it gets, Senator Moonbat.
And, Sen. Kaine....what exactly is Congress doing, besides investigations?  If Paris agreement was such a big deal why didn't they act?
I thank my lucky stars that I do not wake up every day with HRC and you running the country into a socialist country!
Allies R keenly aware that our new President is no push over.  European countries are wishing that their own leaders had protected them RIT.
He is poison.
Yes yes yes!   You should be the VP!  Heck, you should run for Pres next time.
Trump will be impeached before 2020 gets here and we will take back the house and America.  Thank you and dont give up#Resist
Canada, Germany, China, and France will take the lead. USA will be sorry. GOP can't govern, all they know how to do is destroy all good.
Yeah that will be the day!!!
All destruction and no accomplishments? Sounds like you're talking about your debate performance against Mike Pence
Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch was a HUGE accomplishment, you just don't like it, so you keep crying
Your son is just as big of a loser as you are 
Oh the horror. Dissenting. As an American. I encourage my kids to exercise this right. We just have a thin-skinned primadonna in the WH.
Trump is bringing back jobs. Building the wall and enforcing immigration laws through ice to stop and reverse mexican and islamic invasion.
Saw an great video on YouTube by "Vice". Tijuana chief of police upset that we deport illegals there and don't tell them 30% are felons.
obozo the clown's time in the people's house was destroying our country, freedom, race relations, economy, and importation sub-humans
Sadly, the morally bankrupt GOP will consider all of these things accomplishments because that's all they've been able to do.
Virginia is a swing state, won by Hillary????  Maybe Trump won popular too?
Who benefits? Only Russia and a few dictators around the world.
I think this is all about his electoral strategy for 2020. Nothing else matters to him, his team of vipers, or the GOP.
My prediction: He will not have to worry about that campaign.
I hope you're right, but I think Pence would follow the same strategy. Trump has shown GOP path to victory. Q is can it succeed w/out Trump?
After 8 years of utter chaos, no leadership, corruption and fraud you probably don't recognize actual leadership.
Spoken like a true LOSER!
He's had more accomplishments in less than 6 moths than Obama had in his  8 yrs.
he's done good but the mainstream media doesn't want to report it. Sounding a little bitter there Tim because u lost!
Ignorant Trump supporters... If you're going to insult anyone, at least make an "intelligent" statement. You're all redundant and boring.
He has dementia and Bannon is manipulating him.
sounds a lot like sour grapes from someone that hitched his horse to the worst presidential candidate in history.... just sayin #MAGA
if only a party had stepped up and told Americans that healthcare is a basic human right, instead of a commodity.  If only.
More like undoing liberal establishment policy failures...
@realDonaldTrump Yeah, that would be president Bannon. Trump is just Bannon's blunt instrument and those are Bannon's words.
#parisagreement  Was going 2 cost USA Billions which can use 4 better purposes. Global warming not true except in mind of "grant" takers etc
Wish afew more people would have vote for you guys and we would not be in this mess
Vote was hacked & interfered with, on many levels, or do you not read the news?
Yes  I read and listen
So your wish needs to change to "I wish my vote counted & wasn't hacked by a foreign power".
Yeah, thanks to the Dems. No matter what he does, its wrong because his name isn't President Clinton.
#greatjobwithflintmichigan
Still mad Timmy??? She and you lost....get over it already. #NeverHillary
Please get him and his administration impeached!
that is exactly what trump supporters want and what trump promised
to destroy the system
Can R's & D's agree on #MedicareForAll funded by dedicated Border-Adjustable-Tax replacing CorpIncTax?
yes! you can count the destuctions but accomplishments?0
Idea... who says Trump has to be our leader.  Many states want to go their own way and they need representation in the world.  Tim?
grown fucking men tweeting like 16 year olds...all you politicians are the reason why this country is screwed up... do your job
Two words: Steve Bannon. He didn't even win the Electoral College. Not one vote, and he's destroying the government. Hollywood nihilist.
Sounds more like your son
after listening to him speak, readings his tweets etc, I've come to the conclusion that trump is simply not very intelligent...'bout 105
1 day this country may learn to take care of itself again. Til then I will enjoy watching people overdramatize things they don't like
After all we are on the eve of destruction
If you're Putin DT has made many accomplishments! Destruction/weakening of agencies/isolation from allies! Dt making Putin proud!
&Russia
And now @SpeakerRyan want to remove the protections of Dodd-Frank. Please help stop this atrocity in DC Senator, the #GOP will ruin us!
US unemployment level lowest since 2001. Oh wait, that means more Americans NOT dependent on government - I guess you think that is bad.
That is Bannon's goal. He stated it plainly. We need the House and Senate to say no.
Wish you were VP
he's trying, in vain, to erase @POTUS44 and he will FAIL. He will bring the #GovtOfPutin with him. #Resist & #InvestigateTrumpRussia
Tim Kaine a globalist? Say it ain't so? How does the US sending $ to the world's biggest polluters (who don't have to cut emissions) help?
hes a 5 yr old racist who is only trying to erase everything @POTUS44 did..thats his WHOLE presidency
I have to wave the BS flag. Smart move getting out of that waste of money Paris Agreement, but the libs will never support anything he does
So true I mourn for our country we are stuck with this evil I so wanted you and Hillary
Trump did this because he's a spoiled senile child-He threw his infantile Paris tantrum because the world has scolded him-now he'll go pout
Ho ho
Plays his liar and watches Rome 2.1 burn. #nero
Senator this President is wrong for America and all about his own aggrandizement. Irresponsible decisions, and actions
It seems everything trump is touching is going downhill.  There will be an asterisk next to his name as the worst president in history.
#parisAgreement is a distraction from  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation 
#russiancollusion  
#ComeyFiring 
#obstructionofjustice 
#impeachtrump
I have called his "Presidency" the "deconstructionist" era of this nations history since day one. He's King of Opposite.
I can't believe this man is getting away with destroying US
Can't wait for your seat to come up. You need to go.
And that was just in the first 5 months!
Jobs are up. Economy up. Stocks up. Illegal immigration is down. Historic agreements with Middle East. Not all bad Tim like your debate.
Failure and shame are his accomplishments
The US is under Russian occupation
Which is exactly what many of us knew would happen if Hillary Clinton lost.
Perhaps he's following Russia's agenda. He's looking more guilty with each passing day. Invoke the 25th or impeach & indict. #DontheCon
Trump said, "Today I am withdrawing from the Plaster of Paris Agreement. And I did it while it was still wet."
@DMRegister @NPR @KCCINews
We do plenty about clean air and clean water here in this country. We're not paying other countries who don't even participate.
The next person to run the US is going to undo all the things he did in their first 100 days.
Ok. Mr. Runner Up Loser
Doing what Russia elected him to do.
I feel each day as though my country is being made small from within by @SteveBannon @realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @MikePenceVP #Russia
Totally agree. Are you going to push towards  joining California, Oregon, and New York in a new #climateagreement? #standupfightback
and blatant self-enrichment
Thank you for representing us properly in environmentalism, Senator!
You got that right
Trump campaigned on destruction. I sat open-mouthed as he made one inane suggestion after another to undo progress. Now, he's trying it.
Trump's presidency is great if destruction only is your metric! ~ http://GGA100.com 
How could you let this happen to this country. Do something. Treason, traitor, collusion it's Hillarys and your faultm help
No shit, Senator
Seriously... when is this hell going to end and when are congress people and the president going to start putting this country first?!
The President of the United States has voted for the proliferation of Asthma, Emphysema and Cancer and will cut h'care for those affected.??
> as #RussiaBannonPuppet leaking #IntelInfos, trade-licking the #Saudis, #DissingTheNATO & #LetsHaveAnArmsRacePolicy HE's a #GLOBAL_Threat!
...doom & destruction... ...& passing it around the World... ...says a lot when russia & germany r ur besties...leave him 2 himself & see..
It was our intent to sabotage everything Obama did to us.  I have no problem with it.
Yeah, but he's got that nifty sword and gold medal now!  ;)
He's a destroyer
We'll certainly be able to afford BETTER HC without paying 3T to foreign countries & losing our jobs!Quit the partisanship
Will the real america please stand up the world misses you
Trump is destructive by nature
And, not even 150 days. He needs to go to jail now
Senator, how is this Administration avoiding bringing the refugees being held in Australia?
Speak for your self
U gotta realise that his base is good with that. Get on board & speak 2 them in a way that makes Dems more appealing. Stop the mud slinging
Like Tony Schwartz said, "Trump is a black hole", consumes everything in his path. A destroyer of worlds? Well he has his eye on one .
Steve Bannon, Charles & David Koch, and Scott Pruitt are happy with Trump.
We need to stop the insanity
I agree.  I have zero confidence in this president.  He is turning our country into a joke.
Sadly very true
Trump destructive? Obama resupplied ISIS Million $? Released Terrorist, min Military, killing kids w ObamaCare, sold off US jobs.
ISIS Obama & Hillary are TRAITORS. Bring back Parade Deck Executions! Dem is a Communist Party supported by Communist! Anti Amer!

quit bashing and get to work!!  I'm tired of political gridlock.  Only thing both parties are good at is bitching and complaining!
GET TRUMP OUT OF THE OVAL OFFICE PLEASE!!!!!!!
Yep!
The Republicans have lost their minds.
Speak out Tim. Appear on the cable news shows and don't hold back.
Trump second 100 days same as first 100...enriched himeself and his friends, screwed the american ppl. Once he hits 300th day, the same.
Where's all that winning he was talking about? The best moment of his entire presidency was #Covfefe  He's destroying Americas way of life.
Then start impeachment process. How many more incriminating leaks need to drip out daily from this admin b4 there is irreparable damage?
At what point does America get demeaned? #SanFrancisco #California #TheResistance #russiagate #Trumprussia #MarchForTruth
.@realDonaldTrump is Putin's puppet; he is paid to weaken America.
@realDonaldTrump is seriously mentally ill. HELP!!!
You're a propagator of bullshit. No one believes your lies anymore. That's why Laura Ingraham will be the nexxt senator from #Virginia.

Retweet if you are one of us. 

#ParisClimateDeal #climatechange #ParisAccord 
Destruction of our Democracy seems to be his  aim and Putin is giving him a helping hand.
How much longer can we all... worry every day.. every hour.  I want him gone.  In chains.
@realDonaldTrump destroys everything on which he breathes.
Correct, destruction of the past 8 years of failures, can't accomplish anything until you build a solid foundation #bailyourson
His goal is to tear down everything Obama built. Deplorable l!
Time to begin impeachment proceedings
#Obama
So frightening for our children. What future will they have?
Everything you just listed is an accomplishment.  How's Woody doing?
Seems Trump is the apocalypse in person
Wow, cry of the wounded liberal fool. Don't like saving US jobs, growing US economic strength, creating US energy equity? RU EU stooge?
That's an accomplishment for Trumpler and his horde of lollipops.
At least he know how to win!! Something you can't figure out!! @realDonaldTrump
Well destroying civilization is an accomplishment of sorts.
I agree. Have said it many times that @realDonaldTrump is doing everything to destroy America. He is doing Putins work.#Impeach45
He beat you Has Been!!
From those decisions the accomplishments will come.
Wendigo=evil spirit that thrives on chaos & destruction.   Is so greedy will 'eat it's own' in order to line pockets w gold. TRump=Wendigo.
It's easier to destroy than it is to build. DT lacks in the leadership dept.
Thrives on chaos and destruction.   Greedy.   Dangerous despot.
If this was so great then why didn't Obama try to get a 2/3 vote like he should have. He knew he wouldn't get it just like the Iran deal.
For American ppl who voted for him, keeping promises important. Politicians like Obama stealing our taxes for Paris crap
Sort of like your bid for vice presidency? Sounds to me like someone is seriously butthurt.
You can't recognize real accomplishments because you were associated with the Obama administration. Total failure in every way. #MAGA
Thank you for speaking up and speaking out.
He's just righting the ship Senator.
What will four years of this look like?
Senator, you and Mark Warner are the only reason I am able to get some sleep. Thank you!
Yes.  He who shall not be named and his comrades are all about destruction.  The dark side is real.
Once again ... Tone deaf, bubble existance rules your day Timmy. 
America's Green destiny now has chance. #drainingtheswamp  is hard work.
Did you run for VP ? How did that go?
You mean like the last two or three! #Afghanistan #Iraq #Libya #Syria #ISIS #WallStreet #MarketCrash #terrorism #massmigration
Every time I see what you say I am so glad I voted for trump you dems have embarrassed me for being a dem so much over that last few years
You are correct sir! Please do what you can to stop him. Thank you.
Help?! SOS ... --- ... my country is being held captive by .-.. --- --- -. . -.-- / - ..- -. . -.-- admin & their --- .-. .- -. --. .
