All are created equal. Unless you're straight, have an opinion of your own, christian, not transgender, and abide by the laws of God. If you're anything other than those then you're fine. Right? Because that's all I've seen in this "equality movement"
While I agree....let us also not forget your support of abortion. Life at its most innocent...

Shocking...
So you trying to say that pedophiles are the same as you and me should be allowed to walk the streets and touched children
Yep, unethical politicians suck.
Sanders would not have won. Love him: but too far socialist. Clinton DID win.
I love Bernie & Hillary did have 3 million more VOTES!!!  2.9 but who's counting.   We must do away with the electoral college..
And gerrymandering.
And closed primaries and super delegates and voter negating back room dealing bias and anyone involved with the same. Oh and PAC $$$$$$$$$$$
When do you plan to condemn the Democrat militant group #Antifa? Or are you still calling for blood in the street? #CUN2018
TRUMP IS A JOKE!!! NOT MY PRESIDENT!!!   BARACK OBAMA, BILL  CLINTON & HILLARY CLINTON!!! THEY ARE MY PRESIDENTS!!
I follow this guy's tweets just to see what his young staffers will say on his behalf. He doesn't even write them or read them.
Pay attention people
Sit down.
North Star. Brilliant. I hope more people use it bc if we ever needed guidance it's now.
I refuse to pay for TG surgery! NEVER!
Transgender people and antique furniture freak me out,I don't wanna be around either of them...



U r a pervert
Thank you for fighting for us!!!
Why haven't you condemned Antifa and BLM? By not condemning them you are siding with and promoting their violence against Americans.
yea..then the staff sees the color of skin,
STOP
And you sir should admit that you are no longer a catholic.Killung babies is against ALL MORAL LAWS though so ur without excuse
So tell us why Clinton & Obama released hardened criminals and bigger crooks than Arpaio!
You are Disgraceful
I agree with Trump 100%!  At least he didn't pardon a terrorist! Stop the deplorable rhetoric so our nation can heal. Work with the Reps!
Your bleeding heart is killing us. No company gives employees 200+ days off and pays 4 their sex change. Be financially responsible w my tax
1 question: How does allowance of transgenders make our Fighting Forces more effective in fighting foreign wars?
Arpaio pardon is hypocrisy.
Thank you, Senator Kaine. <3
When are you going to realize you lost and go back home and rest.youve been there too long
Tim Kaine, sir, you are a member of the PARTY of the Racist! Learn the history of the Dems...you should be so proud!
These concerns and topics are bread from shear selfishness with no concern over preserving the ideals of this Country.
And your position on abortion is proof that you have lost your spiritual and catholic compass. Hypocrite
You support ANTIFA violence and efforts to shut down other American's rights of free speech and assembly.
Your silence Senator is consent.
Your full of naacp, black lives matter and liberal idiotcy
Loooosser
The military has all kinds of guidelines and restrictions, mental health and readiness being just a couple.
wcg50 you are a very decisive person, Your kind would say or do anything to put your party before the country such a phoney
Don't you realize that people are not voting for weak, pandering, pathetic politicians anymore. This BS only works with leftists.
You are so right, we need for him to be removed from the whitehouse
Go cry us a river sore loser. I hear that the next batman movie needs a new joker in it
As a public school teacher I'd be disciplined or fired if I treated Hispanic or transgender students like Trump's "example" !!!
Thank you Tim!!!

Huh?
Get a life S. Kaine. Geez stay on the sidelines
Amen.
I agree with you. He's clearly doing more harm than good. #Impeach
Can we refrain for a day while disaster is in play in Texas?
Go away, senator kaine, you lost stop talking, you are boring, God Bless President Trump...
And who are you? Didn't you lose something last year? Oh, yeah. The election. Time to get over it.
Your full of it!!
U need the tend to yr law breaking son n nephew.....don't forget who Obama pardoned..a cop killer 4 cops n boy/girl spy..oh, equality.i see.
Time to impeach
My Senator and should have been Vice President is correct.
Like you really give a s@@@ loser
Impeach him. Stand up for us, for God and Country. How is he allowed to get away with crimes & misdemeanors. He will blame Dems regardless.
I have often thought what a tragedy it was u were not part of the team in the WH. Carry on the fight. The ppl r w u.

Keep speaking that! The DEM's underlying message,EQUALITY!
Don't let the naysayers be heard, the DEM's stand for something!  USA! The LEADER
It's also proof that this presidency isn't about "we the people" but "ME,  DONALD TRUMP"
Already working hard online with very large VA following to get you out of office. You're a maggot feeding on the flesh of Virginians
DJT is short sighted and clueless. Many showed courage by serving and the country has invested much in their training. Stupid policy by DJT.
Yet none of you that we voted into office to protect us from a President like this are doing anything to stop him!!!!!
That's right Tim. Focus on the word that matters" created".
Is that why your running mate was given a pass for something that everyone else would spend years in prison for? #30000Emails
Especially, his trying to hide those actions under the current emergency due to Harvey. The pardon alone should end his presidency
ABORTIONS ARE MURDER !!! JUST EVIL!! POOR INNOCENT BABIES ARE BEING MURDERED AS THEY ARE BEING BORN AND U SUPPORT MURDER!!! NOTHING 4 U !!!!
This tells all about democrats. Resist at the expense of our country's success! They never contribute anything positive.
Wow, it's SPEWING again!!
But had Arpaio been a transgender traitor, you would be cool with the pardon?
Loser!
How come he isn't being impeached with all the dirt he has on him??????
BS...put the ones like that on the front lines.
I would say that..trumper has no idea that the north star exists an what it means
At what point will you folks in Congress step up and *do* something instead of talking? @CongressmanHice @SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue
All are created equal? Yes they are but you just say that - you do not back that up with results. #Morelies #abortionismurder #Puppet
Shut up already....geesh your propaganda is like a whiny teenager. Grow up and produce a result - slacker! #DrainTheSewer #sorospuppet
I agree I'm sorry that you were unable to beat this clown he's against America totally
Nope, trans and LGBT are loved by God but their lifestyle are an abomination to a Holy God
Wasn't  Ur son arrested 4 felony 2nd degree rioting aligning w/a violent grp 2 stifling free speech 4 All American's is Fascist
You Think? It's time the @GOP do something about this clown In our White House. We as American's deserve a moral, sane, trustworthy leader.
Unless you are minority or LGBTQ then that basic rule is out the window.
I worry that all this division will turn very ugly. Innocent people are going to get hurt. Prelude to civil war.
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-pardons … Sherriff Arpaio was doing his job!  Look at the criminals Obama pardoned
Yeah sadly not in the military.   Until this is fixed i'll be ashamed to call myself a veteran because I am transgender. Thanks @POTUS
Thank you Tim Kaine for standing up for all Virginians, all Americans.
Well then you should have run a better freaking campaign. #alongfortheride #toolatenow
libtatds like u have ruined this country go away
What a stupid statement. That's what the right is saying and you are now agreeing. All are CREATED equal...
How about the long list of criminals pardoned by ur buddy, Obama?  U supported that!?!?  Including the Army traitor!
Thats the most idiotic statement EVER!  As a vetran with 22yrs Navy, I fully support President Trump.  Voting resident in VA
Fools like you are born every minute...if all are created equal, then get on the same obamacare exchanges as the rest of us...
Correct
The Marines are not a Social Experiment, you are so desperate for votes that you Communist will say "Anything goes!"
Agreed
Trump destroys our constitution and our integrity.
Wait, transgender folks are created incorrectly, according to them. Yet, we're all created equally? 'Splain that one to me, senator.
Democratic candidate 2020? With Elizabeth Warren or Juan Castro
We aren't equal in his eyes or his heart! I can't believe my Proud Latina daughter has to grow up in a time like this. He's the worst!
And what are you doing about it? Congress allowing Trump to destroy our country. You will be held responsible.
No homo but I'm gay @BernieSanders
you're still yacking?  #BlessYourHeart.  You're still not relevant.
Another reason not to vote Democrat

Wrong.
The file articles of impeachment! You are Senator correct?
*Then....
Blah, blah blah...
Do something about him
Senator, all you say is true. Innocents are suffering and our democracy is being eviscerated by Trump. Hope is dying. What are you doing?
Your attitude (along with Hillary's) is why you lost. Military is not a social experiment and Arpaio screwed by lib judge. @obamasdeepstate
Oh, the right...always being attacked and victimized by the left. Sad.
illegal Synonyms
Synonyms
criminal, felonious, illegitimate, illicit, lawless, unlawful, wrongful ... get a clue morons.
Really? Is this the best you've got? Are you not outraged? You should be shouting at the top of your lungs and never back down.
So wtf are you going to do about it
So true!
Then WHEN will the GOP stand up and push for impeachment??
Uunnlleess they don't think like you, then they aren't equal. I'm just saying. Like how you believe ProLife   is wrong & babies don't matter
Yep ,takes up all the oxygen in the room .
Thank you Tim!
Don't feel bad. I'm sure Jr will have their attention when he gets to jail
Your a snowflake
Words words words. When will something to be done to protect Americans from the President?
DO SOMETHING Then.  Say the specific action you and your peers are taking everyday to get him OUT.
you are delusional kaine he is doing what is right you would not know what that means
I guess that means your son won't be serving?
Asinine comment
No. It is proof that the man has common sense which is something you clearly lack.
Yeah, and the political class is just a little more equal, right?
Trump is a man with no morals!
He has no conscious....he obviously has never had to struggle for anything! 
He just doesn't get it!
That's it Tim, you get why Most who know the background story would agree with the pardon, but you know they don't so divide us w/it..
Come on little Timmy... Don't hate the player, hate the game.
So what is Congress going to do about it? Sombody(ies) better man up!
All arecreated equal in the eyes of God Tim Kaine, not here on earth...what a hypocrite as you divine us w/ur Rules for Radicals BS!
Which doesn't mean sexual deviancy and star chambers are given equal weight.
@Timkaine Arizona is angry. Run for president you would be another peoples president unlike 45 @therealdonaltrump #racist-antisemite
THE military owns you they tell you when to shit and wipe so they can damn shore tell you too stay whatever gender you was born !stop crying
@DCofStaff under the law.
Trump has got to go. It's Time to #ImpeachTrumpNow  before he does anymore harm.
Obama pardoned a traitor who stole classified info. Then gifted him with a sex change operation before the pardon. Tim u are kidding?
Sen Kaine, who cares what you think for ever getting involved with the Clintons
Less talk, we need action, #impeachment, # resign, # 25th amendment
why are you not in jail yet?
Wait, transgender folks are created incorrectly, according to them. Yet, we're all created equally? 'Splain that one to me, senator.
Do you also think that someone born without legs was not "created equal"?  This equality refers to under the law, not physically.
What can you & the rest of the Senate do to stop this mad man? Something needs to happen NOW! Call us N America. Nothing now is "United".
Move to Cuba where your dreams will be realized.
#ImpeachTrump
It's okay Tim. You can still run Virginia for the time being, despite being this country's death star.
Trump must be removed from office.
I wish u were Veep! Pence is like the invisible man; Trump pulls him out & dusts him off if he needs to do so.
He pardoned a man for enforcing unconstitutional actions in defiance of judicial orders. There go the balance of powers.
You only just noticed this?
Arpaio is a victim of obama n holders DOJ failed immigration laws The sheriff protected his community and from ILLEGALS who vote Democrat
Trump's pardon speaks to something far more dangerous Senator.
Arpaio is a very well known "Constitutional Sheriff," a subgroup to the overall Anti-Government Extremist (A.G.E.) movement. 2/ 
Why bad to ban transgender individuals from military when 42% attempt committing suicide. I served/wouldn't want those odds in  my foxhole.
MAGA, LOSER!!!!
All except for old white men and little white children.
#StopTheTrumpAbomination #ImpeachTrump #LockArpaioUp
Our military are doing exactly what that coward wouldn't. If he doesn't want them there maybe he should enlist all of his grown children!
Please Senator DO something to stop this madness.
Pleez pleez pleez, daddy
Everyone except political elites like you right?
Each day he demonstrates how little he cares about our country, our future.  #ImpeachTrump
What DACA is jeopardy?! Could this be more cruel? @POTUS is responsible to protect all citizens this is not a game he can't pick and chose!
@timkaine  PLEASE....for the Country and the ppl of the USA
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow 
#25thAmendmentNow 
#NoWhiteSupremicistInTheWhiteHouse
All r created equal, & thanks to the Constitution you can live as an equal, if you can get past the Dems abortion, class warfare, & racism.
That AND an utter failure of oath of office.. to defend the constitution. Arpaio is guilty of violating the constitution.  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Just when u think trump can't stoop lower! God help us!
Trump's North Star is white supremacy.
Obama released terrorist that later attacked us you were silent. Democrats need to stop damaging our country. Dems. Hate America.
All are not created equal, "transWomen" are born with more upper body strength and many of them can pee standing, but non ovulate. jus' FYI
was stolen by certain nat. Dems while under d oath of GOD & tstried 2 set me up using my Dem Party membership I avoided d #sin
U shud get a copy of what I sent 2 @lynnsweet my #August2017 missive 2 d DNC revealing d #curse of GOD against d nat. Dem Party cuz my court
https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-commutations …. Drug problem in US. No problem, set the drug dealers free
