Funny. When did the Dem politicians offer any input at all? Everything I see is them just #Resisting like spoiled brats.

#repealobamacare
You didn't see Hillary's full healthcare plan sent to @GOP? It's endorsed by the Dem party. Republicans are traitors and liars.
Hillary who? What state does she represent? And nope- never heard of the dems trying to accomplish anything since @Potus was sworn in.
didn't try and accomplish what exactly ?
for starters, they could get the nominations through the system. That would be something.
republicans control the senate. they set the hearings schedules and don't need dems support to approve nominations.
That's what I thought too! I heard they need at least 1 of ea. party present for any vote. Still, I wonder who in DC is actually working.
Instead, @TheDemocrats should write formal proposal, to rebut Republican claims Obamacare is failing, & hammer that every day w/local press
and use that as basis for 2018. Dare the Republicans to get a CBO score on @TheDemocrats' proposal. Play the game!
CBO thought more employers would drop HC (so fewer covered by ACA/more still on employer care, which is good). ACA underbudget overall.
In what alternate universe do you live? People have premiums more than mortgage.
1) what did they have before?; 2) most people get subsidies; 3) Dems have said all along subsidies should be expanded. TrumpCare worse
The affordability is irrelevant to the constitutionality, but your argument has merit, but lost in SCOTUS. Irrelevant for viability of ACA
Kind of like you worked with them to shove Obamacare through without realizing what horrible bill it was first? #hippocryte
Obamacare had over 100 amendments written by Republicans.
Was this before or after @NancyPelosi read it ? Just curious
The ACA was publicly available for a month or so before it was voted on.
It is well documented that She voted to pass a bill she had not read. Furthermore the ACA has destroyed healthcare
When was that documented? And which provision from the new Trumpcare bill do you think improves healthcare?
Documented when she said "we had to pass it in order to see what was in it." #lazypolitician #disgraceful #corrupt
If you look at the whole speech she's clearly read it, she lists specific provisions in it.
I thought Obamacare was awesome...
fuck no. keep those monsters away from healthcare and run on universal coverage.
I don't think that the republicans have the capacity to put together anything or add anything that could be considered healthcare.
That's not their objective. They don't give a damn about healthcare. They just want to repeal and replace for tax cut for 1%!
No! You socialists want others to pay and get to a single payer system. Not acceptable
I'd like to see the GOP move back towards the center and quit trying to be an extension of militant Christianity and throwing their support behind a morally bankrupt conman
- Sent some ideas to MikeH, possibly useful.
Firstly, I am not a clown, but perhaps you are, and secondly, I don't know what you are talking about. Perhaps you should go home.
America needs to start over with new elections. New faces. Obama can sub til then.
Hell No!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where is the NOT TWEET BUTTON!!!
I do!
Use HRC's plan as the bones & I'll RT x100. Otherwise, stuff the congeniality.
To hell with the Republicans.
Wait. I thought Obamacare was working great.
Like you worked with Republicans on a bipartisan plan in 2009? Repeal obamacare then get the hell out of our lives. No Govt health
Why not just work together? This sounds more like you want the GOP to kiss Democrats asses. Try to reach across the aisle too.
Hey Tim universal health Care is the only moral solution. Also Bernie would have won.
Unicorns will appear in the Senate before the Rs will want to actually improve healthcare for all.
Do you guys ever stand up to anyone?
I want the entire trump Administration thrown out of their illegal positions and our rightful potus HRC installed.
#HillaryForPrison2018 what ever happend to the jailed Director of that Anti Muslim Movie that she said caused the Bengahzi Attacks?
would rather start over with an entirely new POTUS election...this is a fake government, anything they enacted should be overturned
Republicans view bipartisanship as punishment, not a goal...
Meanwhile, the majority of Americans regardless of party, want #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll; support that and you won't NEED Wall Street $!
You also won't worry so much about 2018 or gerrymandering if you support #MedicareForAll; voters clamour for it and will vote for proponents
Single payer is the answer!
Absolutely! Single payer is definitely the answer, the only answer!
@SenateMajLdr McConnell has to resign first.
.Minimum of 2/3rds of each The #Republican House and Senate need to be forced to resign and have no future positions in government or Lobbys, until proven Not Guilty of Colluding, Complicit and Obstruction, Treason in #TrumpRussia affairs.
I do not want the government to be in private health care at all, health care is not a right.  get rid of obamacare completely.
But you've claimed many times that the ACA is working great. Pick a damn lane.
My premiums are going up next year thanks to Trump and his threats of not paying the subsidies. Also Anthem is not covering most ACA polices
But democrats have to actually be willing to compromise. Neither side will, or should, get everything they want
You lousy crooks won't work with anyone!
I will RT if you agree to support the linked Cisco WebEx Gov systems with me as head of the fun 1-hour interactive webinars planning team!
@PradierJ @FishFunSun @timmoore1973 @Rcastro97669157 @WickedestWitch1 @WilDonnelly @JeromeDawson3 @MaxineWaters @drew0388 @KamalaHarris
No improvements to current, repeal and start over and senate work on a new bipartisan plan
That would throw 20+M people out of healthcare..
No. They estimate 40000+ would die because of repeal. You can be pro-life, but if you don't accept exceptions, that's bad too
We have real stats on the number of babies killed per year. 664,000 "reported" in US for 2016. We have killed 53 million since 1973. 
Are you kidding?! Democrats have a hissy fit and now want to play the  magnanimous act!!! You must think Americans are stupid! Shame on you!
"Lucy, let's cue up that football again."

Why can't we just lead instead of asking GOP for mercy?
We Demand your insurance PREEXISTING stays or you all will be voted out sincerely the members of the I WANT TO LIVE PARTY. Not a thing in thang!!
Think before you tweet. Seriously.
What to deaf ears?
But all you D's said Obamacare was Nirvana. So, how can it be improved?
Government can't fix healthcare. It can only make it worse
For one, government technically will always be in charge of healthcare. But I believe that the current stance by Republicans is unhealthy.
It is. Because government can't function as the purveyor of your health, the decision maker for life and death.
Who should organize healthcare? The free market, which is primarily effective with exceptions, including for something so morally vital.
Nothing moral about government in charge of your health decisions.
It'll never happen
@sl1nasty RT if you want the compromised & tainted election annulled and Clinton and Kaine moved into the Oval Office.
You mean how Dems worked with Reps on Obamacare?? Oh wait ...
Republicans had over 100 amendments for ACA. They were in the meetings.
They were technical amendments...nothing of substance...zero votes for.
Improve how? You're not being specific enough. #MedicareForAll
Just like your gang did back in 2009 ...right. You should just pass it to see what's in it !  Or is that outrageous?
That's ridiculous.
There are NO good republicans, only less  worse (sic) ones. Dems, you'll be working with Satan's little helper.
never ever trust a republican.
Must have missed HR 676 & Hillary's posted suggestions if you think Dems haven't offered anything. Hell, I even threw a few ideas out there.

GOP is just gaslighting. Nothing new. Lots of ideas out there, just not any giving more tax breaks to the wealthy. Poor wealthy people!
I really can’t say I’m excited about Dems working w/Republicans on a health plan at all! Let’s see who’s left after Nov2018. People are angry   I sure am. Support JULIA PEACOCK for Congress @peacock4ca42  VOTE FOR WOMEN #PeacockforCongress  OUT with NOshow/NOcare @KenCalvert
Nope. Let the GOP burn. They had no interest in helping you. Don't bail them out! #StopPlayingNice
Both parties really suck.  They are only interested in helping donors.  They aren't playing nice, they are playing us.  $$$
Both parties really suck? Hmm, lets see...one is fighting FOR US and one AGAINST US. I'll let you guess which is which. Hint-its not the GOP
They both fight for the people that got them elected.  Their donors.
You must be a Bernie fan.  I have no time for that foolishness.
Good argument.  Try thinking for yourself next time.
Why can they not go into the FEHB plan ? 
They could use the work, A simple program change for Payroll, and to adjust policy
How about all working on taking care of America as a whole not as parties or a business but as we the people !!!!
Yup. It would be so nice if Republicans would let the Democrats continue to do just that.
FUCK, they had 8 years.
...of republican obstruction and racism. So, not they didn't just have 8 years.
Really, so, no more lavish decadent galla's, wed/anytime-anywhere coctail parties with Stevie? Guess we'll just roll with it. Damn it man.OK
Yes. BUT the only Republican I trust is Susan Collins. Reps are not capable of governing. Why should the Dems cooperate? We should help.
@fawfulfan  NO ! B/C GOP ONLY TAKES. THEY ALL R TAKERS. THEY NEVER COMPROMISE. OBAMA DID ENOUGH COMPROMISING. NO MORE !!!
give us single payer timmy.
So Obamacare does suck as bad as we all knew it would?
Fools for a nation if we don't #Fight4Medicare4All while steadily being #Poisoned4Profit Make us sick then make us pay doesn't make sense
So you admit Obamacare sucks.
That also entails Dems starting over we D's need 2 focus on the +'s of R reform & use C.sense; R's being defensive is harmful. #strategies
yes and do it now!
Hey @timkaine #SinglePayer A$$hat
I say that with all due respect.
@ninaturner 
@SenSanders 
@RoseAnnDeMoro
RT IF YOU WANT SINGLE PAYER GODDAMMIT
And my son who is Autistic (non verbal) hard to find help here in Bristol , Virginia !!!
Yes please!
How about we start with getting rid of Ombacare which is nothing but an insurance subsidy and then have open markets across state lines
How about everything be put on hold until collusion, treason, & high crimes & misdemeanors are sorted out? This is not a legitimate Admin.
I also want action taken in Kushner's clearance, collusion, treason and that is just the tip of the iceberg.
Notice a missing country @timkaine ? It's time. #MedicareForAll
I don't want the healthcare system touched until there is a Democratic majority in Congress.
How about you work with the Republicans..? #dosomerealwork
Nothing but #obstructionists.
WORK TOGETHER!!! BRING THR UNITED STATES TO WORK AS ONE!@#$%
What do I do if I don't trust them to touch it?
nah fuck that
With public hearings, and witnesses called from both sides of the aisle and everything? A branch of government representing ALL Americans!
Let's put an end to #trickledowneuthanasia
No, I don't want that. I want you & the other Dems to lock up the Russia collaborators & throw the rest out. No negotiation. No mercy
How about Retain and Repair? Would work much better instead of reinventing the wheel.
For sure. I was just happy at the thought that they would work together. Unusual nowadays
No. I want them to start over and work with you on Single Payer.
Single payer or primary. Find a spine.
Don't repeal and replace ACA, rather tweetk n refine the things that don't work. Washington have to have the same health care that we do.
Please repeal Obama Care. I regret supporting it. C.c
Wow, so the Dems are finally going to work to fix what they broke???
medicare for all, please
How about single payer?
Take some more shrooms propaganda Timmy. LLLAAAWHOOZZZZAAAHER
Such intelligence. So...what was for lunch in that pyco ward?
Nope!  @TheDemocrats screwed it up with #obamacare 

Oh wait?  Tim, you lost......go to the woods
let the repubs sink, if you dont, they will take the credit and re-elect more trump supporters. they are the ones who put trump in.fuckem
"Bi-partisan" won't happen as long as DT is in WH & Great Obstructionist controls senate, & Ayn Rand fan is Speaker of the House
if u cared about Americans u would have already been working w/Republicans. Not using us for ur political gain. Go home & get a real job!
Demi weren't interested in bi-partisan 8 years ago.  Why now?
After they subpoena Truml's tax returns and grill everyone in the administration under oath? Sure.
Single payer sounds good. Get on that.
Tim is there any way I can see the health bill being put out. Have not seen it and just rumors about it. I do agree with you on bipartisan
You mean the same democrats that pledged to not work with repubs?
Let's not pretend. Neither party believes in bipartisanship anymore. Our system is beyond broken at this point.
I want republicans to walk away and leave ACA alone until America understands what you have done to it. #rekt @realDonaldTrump
Sure when the traitors and treasonous people are out off the WH, face a common man like FBI investigation, punished in jail and off WH
GO AWAY!!!!!!! Stop bothering everyone!
This is what should happen w everything
Fix glitches in ACA, remove Repub roadblocks/sabotaging of xchanges.  No need to start over. Repubs can't be trusted!  It's a trap!
Rnehejehejebrbrhrjdjdbrgrjrjrvr
I really think that this is more of a chance for Republicans to save their own asses. Too little, too late.
Democrats aren't bipartisan and only want their partisan Obamacare/AFA bill to survive fully in tact...
Only if all American Our coveted from the poor n up. Not a lot of restrictions how we see a dr. Meds we can offird. Able to see specialist
@realDonaldTrump @markwarner voters are sick+tired of telling you this: we want #SinglePayer
Retweet if you think Republicans have no interest in working with Democrats & any effort to do so will end in disaster.
they're pussies. unless 45 is dead they're riding that train.
All you need to know is this. THIS is what these "elected" representatives are REALLY trying to preserve. DON'T buy their bullshit.
Yes and no. #ACA was a start.  RT if you I think it's time for single payer.
I would prefer the ACA b improved rather than a single-payer system. But since Republicans are being such assholes what choice do we have
Do they have the capacity to do anything for the American people? All they seem to have time for is the consolidation of corporate power.
Requires integral leadership - welfare of whole healthcare system, not just self-interest and/or profit.
blech
Can your son replace you
But you won't anyway,  so why bother?
sure as long as is not for-profit model. We must join the rest of the world #SinglePayerNow #Medicare4All
#HealthCareIsAHumanRight
So out government has resorted to "how many retweets to get a properly functioning government"
You need to get government out of healthcare.
I wish I had much hope of that happening.
Not sure it can happen under this political atmosphere but an attempt at it would be the American thing to do
I don't really want reform, but if it meant that both parties would actually work with each other, then I'm in.
Of course we do.
I want GOP to grow balls or be caged by a Trump wall, just them, so they can serve their deceitful cult leader. They don't deserve us.
After 8 years of R obstruction on every issue it seems unwise to help them in any way. At least not til 2018. Remember #gorsuch
Just like the Dems worked with the Republicans on crappy Obamacare?!!!?
Obamacare failed, miserably. Not letting the same architects build a shoddy house.
THAT'S HOW WE GOT HERE YOU NUMBSKULL

get a brain
@medicalaxioms approve all the generics FDA is keeping off US market
Only if the improvement is toward a Single payer system./ Medicare for all!
I thought you guys already fixed it. 
Single Payer Now or get off the stage
NOT if for profit health insurance is your answer to health care! This for profit insurance rip off has to stop!
http://landwheremyfatherdied.blogspot.com/2017/07/universal-health-caresingle-payer-its.html …
Understand the advantages of single payer health insurance, but that would put Aetna, Unitedhealthcare, et.al. out of business. SCOTUS -> No
f*ck em...Let them do what they do best. Insure cars, & trucks, not health care...Profit over life business driver has no place in humanity.
Single payor and mandatory for everyone. Even the members in Congress that love to make laws they never have to follow!
Repeal then replace.
They won't ever do that. Medicare for all
What do we do if we'd prefer you guys start actively fighting for #MedicareForAll ?
quote retweet w a shot of yer healing groin
This will arouse and titillate far too many people. Riots in the streets, etc.
Nope, want govt uninvolved in my healthcare
Given that both take millions annually from big pharma and medical supply companies what difference does it make?  Costs are the problem
Fix the ACA
rt if you do not want to work with Republicans.
No. Democrats are not in the position to even try requesting that, as Republicans hold the Senate and the House. Daft af
Would be nice...
How about working with progressive dems on single payer, instead.
No! Repeal it all together! Was an Obama scam for govt control of healthcare in the first place! Never intended to work.Alinsky style agenda
Dems shouldnt work w/Rs on healthcare. Rs not interested in positive solution. Let Rs own whatever failed plan they come up w/.
nope
No we want single payer
Your 'bipartisan' work ALWAYS serves to make you richer, & us worse off
No
Of course they should - work together to improve the ACA and move it towards Medicare for all, single-payer.
Impressive ratio bruh
Stop all this nonesense and push for single-payer sytem. The debate should be between using Medicaid vs. Medicare.
How about you show them HRC's plan? That was a good one!
Was it single payer?

WHAT WE REALLY WANT IS DEMOCRATS IN PRISON FOR LYING TO AMERICA ABOUT RUSSIA HACKING THE DNC WHEN WE KNOW IT WAS SETH RICH&MURDERED FOR IT!
No , they should grow a spine and get trump out first !!!! #RussianCollusion @GOP @DNC
No no no. No more of this "build bridges" garbage. It's time to put your foot down and fight back. Resist
You mean like the Democrats "worked with" the Republicans when they shoved down their throats, not caring one bit about bipartisanship?
i don't want any GOP input unless they're supporting single payer so no.
Senator, the current lot of Republicans can't be trusted. If Dems write the legis fixes needed in Obamacare and Rs just vote 'Yes', perhaps
So you admit the ACA is failing
No, we want you both to start working on impeachment proceedings! Enough with this BS, enough with lies! Treason should be punished! #fake45
You got to be kidding me! Democrats won't do anything to help.
Be careful if the @GOP starts telling you what fun it is to whitewash their fence.
#s rolling like a slot machine
I want the democrats to hang themselves.
Like you worked with republicans on obamacare? Also learn definition of treason before you throw it out there.
MY hatred for Republicans is real and palpable. And I have special feelings for those  distinguished low lifes Cruz, Ryan, and McConnell.
Nana's sidekick accidentally admits Obamacare needs improvement.
I do want that!
No
What we want is Medicare For All, now
.@SenateGOP Sounds like a plan!
Sorry bud - I don't talk to Russians. Except Anna Kournikova and Maria Sharapova. No Ruskies named Kaine ---
I want @GOP to support the ACA until we can determine Treason or not -- and pass nothing until we know we have a legitimate government

If either party embraced and implemented single payer they would own US politics for the next fifty years. Republicans are insane.
Fix it? Burn it is a better idea.
