My next question would be, why are VA roads and bridges in such disrepair to start with? Incompetent VDOT or the General Assembly?
Why would Trump come to U? Schumer & U have lead Dems to policy of NO and irrelevance. Not exactly a champion of change are U?
@DanielBrockman Yes, @trump could get consensus on an infrastructure bill! Jobs & making America better- wins. Go for it @POTUS
Trillion, billion, million. Trump promise: expect nothing!
Senator please help remove Donald Trump from office ASAP-we want an independent council on Rus hacking involvement-his cabinet r criminals 2
Yeah, then queen Hillary can take her rightful place?
It will be massive tax cuts. It will be another scam.
Not as big a scam as "You can keep Your doctor " i.e. Obamacare imploding on itself.  Ins. Companies pulling out everyday  !
He won't be able to afford it. He bankrupts everything.
I am married to a Marine. To add Deplorable to a vet name is despicable.
Oh a name caller. Sweetie. My husband received more benefits under obama that Bush.
No, you are sad so you need to be mean.
I think he said $1 Trillion, with a "T", Senator. Math is hard. Get better lackies to run your Twitter account.
How about you push for balanced federal budget and do your job, which does not include making excuses for non action like @SpeakerRyan
I don't understand why no Republicans or our so called president who said he was all of our president won't work with Dem to get shit done
@Rocky1542 sorry Tim- U must not have heard- U R putting cart WAY in front of horse #TrumpTaxReturns #TrumpRussia
That makes too much sense Senator. Sorry ego too big brain too small. #notgonnahappen#maga
He lied
Just impeach him before there's nothing left to save.
That's a two way street.  You are such a hypocrite Senator
If he gets his tax cuts you won't have the money to do it. I also thought he said 1 trillion not billion?
Why should he come to you? He promised a $1 trillion infrastructure plan (not $1 billion).  You can't even  get that right!
Trillion, not billion.

Instead he's proposed across the board cuts - AUSTERITY budget.
Like you can be trusted
You should get off your butts and start to work with Trump. Son on Lock-up yet? Do you know the date it will be aired? #CLOWN
and what are you doing to help him?...
Work with an ass that haa had nothing to say but Trump bashing. Um no!  You should come to us the people and MAGA
You are way less sceptical than I, yet The Resistance is working. I believe it was $1 trillion. By 2020 will have spent $1 billion on golf
Why would he waste his time with a bunch of do-nothings like the Dems? You are delusional
One trillion
Why would he do That? You couldn't even vote for his cabinet in a timely manner
#business or state @jpmorgan @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson @timkaine @SenTedCruz @CongressmanHice
Tim why don't YOU go to the   #WhiteHouse  Do something positive instead of whininga. Your supposed to be working for the people #MAGA
1 billion or 1 trillion---That's what I been trying to tell you guys, if he don't come run him down---
..he should come TO YOU!!? LOL u gotta be kidding me..thanks for a darn good belly laugh. U shouldn't even be in politics any more
Thought it was a trillion???
DT thought Presidency was a figure head position where he could live in luxury at someone else's expense. No interest in work or service
if I lost as much as you Democrats in this past election I think I would rethink my whole agenda
too bad Democrats can't see past their loss
he wouldn't come to you you're a damn Democrat that screwed everything up you people in the Senate and Obamas treasonous Behavior
You can also go to him...
That would be out of character.  As he said, only he can solve the problem. GOP believes that Dems are wrong even if Dems have an answer.
DUH I believe it was  $1 trillion
Maybe if democrats went a whole week without bashing him, his family, his plans and his supporters he would!
Two lanes in I-95S in Woodbridge are shut down this weekend while they try to repair a bridge that's falling apart. Lots of work needed.
POtus should be impeached
You're in the Senate? Are you not capable of proposing something, jack ass?
Good luck with getting him to do anything but pass the buck
focus on #Trumprussia  he is a treasonous rancid trader set on self enrichment at any cost who is willing to start a war to distract #resist
False narrative.  Didn't you know that got dropped as a topic?
I think you meant 1 million.
The Brent Spence bridge to I75 and I71 going into Cincinnati is dangerous! @SenTimKaine we don't want another #trump100days
Kaine don't worry about the little things you've got to get this un American President out of the white house! Don't you care about the U.S?
Keep the pressure on the get something done we can all benefit from
Yes tax reform, repeal and replace, immigration enforcement.
He is not going to keep any promises that he or his family doesn't benefit first.
Uh, Mr. Kaine. U shld be seeking impeachment against our illegitimate Russian installed mobster not talking abt working with him. #ImpeachDT
That story line is so over!
Uhh, you mst watch Fox...more is emerging daily.  Trump will not see the end of his 1st yr...NY AG also will be seeking RICCO charges on him
I think he probably kind of promised $1 billion in toll roads, but if y'all can change what's left of his mind, good on you...
How often did Obama work w Republican minority?
I wouldn't count on it, he's lying about that as he does about everything else he promises.
Seeing as Dems blocked his Cabinet appointees until very recently, when does 100 days start?
First problem. Trump and promise do not go well together
Why don't you just keep threatening to shut down the government?
YEA NO..POTUS should just quit like his BFF Sarah and save us and the world from imploding!
Unfortunately it seems @realDonaldTrump is too insecure to work w/others- Hope I'm wrong-
Get in line Tim. @Cityofatlanta is up first. How many major highways have collapsed in Virginia recently?
Oh ya, you've proven your ability to get things done over & over.
Trump Administration absolutely should propose $1 trillion INFRASTRUCTURE plan! Use Caterpillar equipment!!!
Let's do that once we are making money again through tax cuts and GDP growth is underway.  No spending workout cuts somewhere else.
Instead he calls Warren derogatory and racist names.
She is a joke, why hasn't she been dropped.  No Democratic leadership.
He'll never do that; he doesn't have the common decency. #VOTE2018
I think you mean $1 trillion. Either way, it will end up being a privatization scheme.
POTUS doesn't understand how to do his job. And the 100-day deadline is artificial?! (I guess he forgot about his October 100 day contract.)
No... no working with that nazi. #GetItSenateDems.
