ALERT: Reporters at Capitol have been told they are not allow to film interviews with senators in hallways, contrary to years of precedent
So first amendment protects leaking of info and libelous articles?  Turn the tables and answer if it were you.  Dufus.
NFC NFC cxytuv shut k ckuc
They should respect the 1st amendment as much as your party respects the 2nd.
This is a disgrace. Who ordered this ?
If only we could trust reporters who arent politically motivated but those days are gone.
@MikeOkuda @kasie Obviously respecting anything has no meaning to this party. They are drunk with power & will not relinquish.
After watching Trump's cabinet, one by one, bare their souls and prostrate themselves before their master...

I got an erection.
@MarkWarner So , I'm assuming I don't need to call/email you all about not voting for this healthcare bill. Right? lol
Virginia is for sane voters
Eh. My House rep is Dave Brat so not exactly lol
Okay,,, mostly sane... Our district voted for a Brat, and got one for sure.
The MSM needs to do the right thing & show respect for @potus, his family, and those of us who voted for and support him! #MAGA
Do not allow them to stop our freedoms
Dems should respect the 2nd Amendment and let citizens exercise their rights!
Why not invite a reporter to film an interview with you when you see them in the hall?
You're all hypocrites and frauds
Are you talking about the same reporters that reported about how Comey was going to say he didn't tell Trump he wasn't under investigation?
The job reporters have today is lying to the American public. so you endorse people lying to the American public. Figures
c CV
Up VCRs
Cb can CV
This government is starting to look less like a democracy
Been told by so by ???
We are becoming more like Russia every day!
Freedom of speech is paramout in a democracy.
Did they (approvers) say WHY this policy was implemented?
@PABWECG @kasie It back to yesterday now
Should or must?
This administration just shits all over the Constitution
@kasie MSM tells lies we need truth not a liberal narrative
They don't want the behind-the-scenes work of trying to push through a health care plan. Hopefully people will revolt
Straight out of the horses mouth.
why are you so upset over a bill that you have already said you will do what you can to block no matter what it says? you're frauds
Now would be a good time for Dems to talk to press like crazy(
you are perfectly willing to let them abuse the 1st Amendment when it suits your side aren't you? Typical HIPPOCRATIC DEMOCRAT!!!
GOP Senators have no respect for the FirstAmendment. They fear it.
Thank you proud of both my Birginia Senators today
that snake mconnel needs to hav himself and ryan voted out in 2018. no more lies or sneaky deals from gop to hurt americans
I would hope "secret bills" can only be secret if they contain classified information in their entirety...
So, take the reporters outside! Tell them what YOU know
You might want to read the 1st amendment sometime. It  doesn't require govt to provide anyone with a platform.
Thank you @timkaine.
All Dem Senators should declare they are more than willing to be interviewed in hallways, etc. show leadership.
Boo hoo #fakenews #DramaAlert
SENATOR KAINE SOME REPORTER WHO DO THEY REPRESENT THOSE IN NEED OR THOSE WHOME ARE  BOUGHT,!
Thank you @timkaine!! I called your office this morning about this. Thanks for the response! And to your staff for taking my call!
#rise #woke #dictatorshiptactics #resist
@timkaine Take time to make sure you allow reporters to film you during interviews in the hallways.
They don't do their jobs, they lie.
if the MSM had not been so partisan in there reviews & fake news stories, i'm sure they would have been included!
AND the @realDonaldTrump acct is BLOCKING ppl on Twitter. If they are his "official statements," the Pres shouldn't be blocking anyone!!
Seriously though. There has got to be something some lawyer somewhere can do about this. It seems wrong.
Don't you have a kid to go bail out of jail?
The dictatorship is alive, well, and growing.
PLEASE fight this bill Sen @timkaine! America needs healthcare!
Stop them Tim!!!
This a unilateral suspension of the First Amendment by elected representatives. Unprecedented and unconscionable.
This administration is unconscionable! Do NOT understand DEMOCRACY! We MUST #VoteOutGOP in 2018. #ProtectFirstAmendment #NoSecretBills
We need to vote the GOP senators out in the up coming election. They are taking us for granted and we need to put a stop.
Uh huh sure...
we really need all of you to be standing up to this monstrous, corrupt, and lawless administration!
More fake news. You were almost the VP to a known pathological liar. Crawl back under your rock. BTW, Pence owned your ass in the debates.
Democrats are the ones crushing the 1st, 2nd and every liberty Amendment you punk!!
Freedom is disappearing with this Whitehouse. Take action!
Yes, yes they should, and yes, yes it is.  So, what actions are you taking?
Now the left cares about the 1st amendment.  What a reversal!
Freedom of the press   Must be Mitch at work
GOP senators are very afraid of the press questioning secret bills and secretive tactics.
Time we gave up on the #GOP ever doing anything honorable or ethical again. They've proved who they are.
@timkaine you constantly impress me and I am PROUD to be your constituent. Didn't even have time to call your office before you spoke out.
Yes!  Thank you!
More important than ever in this society of "if there's no video of it, it didn't happen." The power of visual evidence is amazing.
Senator, invite the press to use your office for interviews, great idea from @SenBennetCO - all dems should do it.
Who made this decision?
Russia's behavior in the WH..shame,shame
me, shame
This is getting beyond ridiculous
Sounds like this administration is turning more and more Hitleresque every day.
who gets to decide this GOP unilaterally? What if a Dem wants to talk to someone
Edicts from @realDonaldTrump towards reporters sound more & more like dictator Trump. Praise at cabinet meeting sounds like N.Korea.
Typical Gop tactics keep it all to themselves under wraps shows that what they're doing will definitely piss everyone else off
This is bs.  When do we stand up to this tyranny?
Senator Kaine: So what happens if one of our people break that rule, and don't get *permission*? Does McConnell get to take a swing at them?
With all the unnamed sources lying...
Oh like you never pushed secret bills.
The First Amendment doesn't give them the license to be dishonest in pushing their far-left agenda. Honesty is good lying is not.
Respect my a**. This is ILLEGAL.
The media is no longer a valuable part of democracy since they traded their integrity for ratings.
Important to know that reporters cannot just do what they want.
waiting 4 @SenateGOP esp @lisamurkowski + @SenDanSullivan  2 stand up and say something. This is NOT right; this is not a priv. biz. v@99515
You are absolutely right.  So, what are you and your fellow Dems going to DO about it?
Send your son to protest
GOP is making my ass crave a dip of snuff with their corrupt back door bill passing...Scream like an Apache on fire  when GOP tries shit.
DEMs must do something concrete to defend our rights? This is next level - you need to ACT NOW !
I think reporters should get their information from press briefings like @SeanSpicer does and reporters should be banned from @WhiteHouse
Then withhold unanimous consent! Grind the Senate to a halt until these attacks on press freedom stop! @SenateDems
Shut it down !
is tossed.
The paparazzi mentality journalist are forced to be now to get paid is not respectable.
But can I keep my doctor?
Obviously they're hiding something or they're creating another diversion. More likely both. Where else should we be directing our attention?
There has to be checks and balances on theses politicians. The media has a responsibility. They need to be respectful but we need the truth
Welcome to the GOP lead dictatorship of the new Russia!
Reporters do not have to be in the halls interviewing to do their jobs. They can interview many places ur not to bright
Unbelievable what next this GOP has got to go
Thank you for your support of the media, Senator Kaine. (And, fellow Virginians, please remember to vote in the state primaries today. )
It just keeps getting darker & darker
well- get the senators together and stop this.
stop producing fake news for your liberal brainwashing. clown
Are they hiding something or are we losing our democracy
Senators’ phone list (DC Ofc)
US Senators' phone list (DC Ofc) 
Area code = (202) 
First 3 digit of ph# = 224
http://Senate.gov  for District Ofc phone #s 
Contact Info: GOP Sen. Ldr McConnell
DC #
202-224-2541
KY #s
502-582-6304
859-224-8286
859-578-0188
606-864-2026
270-781-1673
270-442-4554
They do let Reporters do their job.. just not fake news.. why waste the time?
Meh. Same old shit from Trump supporters.
Call 202-224-6352 to leave a voice mail in opposition to the new policy.  We the people have the right to be informed about our gov't.
Were reporters banned from reporting? When did that happen?
I hate GOP!!
How can they get away with this? The GOP work for us, the people!
Perhaps you should try and find some real reporters first.
The @GOP have a proven lack of respect for decorum, law, ethics, and the American people. I'm not sure why they would start with the press.
What are they so afraid of?
VIOLATION OF OUR FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHTS.
Respect goes both ways. When the press abuses their privileges like they have been lately, the privileges get cut back to basic information.
Maybe you should let a reporter interview you in the halls of the Senate about the lack of healthcare hearings
Senator could you please keep constituents apprised on your efforts to ensure the protection of the 1st amend.
@kasie Sounds like a traffic issue, not freedom of speech, but hey, when does the truth hold up @timkaine ?
Its a goddamn fire hazard in that building the way it is now you don't know what you are talking about.
Like when Obama unmasked recordings of reporters?  Just like that.  Right?
Film the interviews outside on the steps or in private offices.
The republican party is turning into the soviet party
Tim do we know who implemented this in the first place? Shelby says he will not enforce it according to @amyklobuchar
Why does GOP always try to change the rules, procedures, etc when they don't get their way? That's not how this works!!!
Because they can.  #electionshaveconsequences
Like ACA? Do you read these responses or mute conversation? My PERSONAL ACA pmt is 1/3 of TOTAL household income. Not affordable!
Guess what? Everybody's health insurance went up, employee covered or not. You're blaming the wrong person/party. Blame insurance industry.
This does not happen in America. @nytimes @washingtonpost @Tennessean  @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC @CNN @MSNBC & @PBS must resist this outrage.
Mainstream media has become abusive and overstepped their ethics. Capitalistic sensationalism is all they produce, at the public's expense.
Republicans are so Corrupt they can't face the Camera to give the American people the Truth
We're tired of all the made up tales, like Russia, and FAKE NEWS.
Thank you Senator. Democracy needs light to survive.
Looking more like a dictatorship everyday
If they don't respect the 1st Amendment, it must be their last term.
Pro tip: if you can't deal with reporters don't get elected to the US Congress
Can't you call upon Capitol Hill police to arrest those denying reporters their Constitutional rights?
@caryky
GOP should respect the Constitution.
Respect goes both ways, and that's not an infringment. Right now the press seems out of control and abusive to everyone they don't like.
Thank you, Senator. I continue to be grateful for your responsible leadership.
They respect nothing other than oil and money , and war , and an idiot president
Will we see, then, Dem Senators crossing the line to talk to reporters or is this an excuse to not talk? #BeAnExample
Taking after their leader..
O LORDY time to gather a class action suit against trump freedom of speech is ripe for this now do it
Break some rules, dude. Hold interviews without permission. Defy them.
The First Amendment is worth it.
SECRET BILLS what a GAS!!!!!
