Great job tim keeping premiums down
And you voted yes for slavery Obama care and didn't give a shit then
Wow, so you're doing your job.  Think you could share this novel approach with some of your Republican colleagues?
@SenDeanHeller what test are you using? Does Koch like it? Does Wynn approve? Does it make Trump stop picking on me? NV before party!!
That's the way a U.S. Senator is supposed to be.
No and No
Thank you for fighting for us Virginians and the rest of the country! Stay strong!!
Too bad you didn't apply the same test to #Obamacare.
He's got to vote party line first.
Vote NO.
You are a great man. Men n Women like you are what we need. I'm from Arkansas and all the awful people who represent us are a joke!!!
@robportman be like @timkaine
FULLREPEAL.
Vote no Tim so we can keep the ACA and watch your constituents cry the blues when there are no providers and medicare is broke
Thank you, Senator! Keep standing up for Virginians; we stand behind you!!!!
Take a page from Sen. Kaine, .@SenCoryGardner This is how you represent your constituents! #ProtectOurCare
By lying to them? How does he know this? He said he and all Dems were locked out and it was done in secret! Use your head. He is LYING
Tim all i can say is.....You had better vote "NO" this time and every time they try to pass any of Trumps Bills!! Every time!
so when the aca made virginians lose their doctor, their plan, and pay more 7 years ago u were all in, smh.
Finally a SANE approach!
It will!
Thank you for being a true Patriot.
Once again you astound me with your wanting to take more money out of your constituents pockets. No health plan can cure your sickness.
Thank you.
Thank you!
Please vote no
You would vote NO on anything whether it is good or bad and you said you were locked out! How can you say these things. You are a LIAR SIR
Another test paid for by our tax dollara
I didn't know taxes were Twitter income!  Sounds like some Donald #alternativefacts #duh
is joke, like repeal and replace
My bad, Senor!  Apologies!
yep
Timmy, it will NOT do a thing until you come up with legislation to change a BAD program! STOP threatening us!! Another snake in the swamp!!
so I suppose you also vote no to obamacare, maybe you're one of the senators who advocate repeal only
Senator, with respect, I need you to be advocating for significant expansion of health care coverage not just reacting to GOP bills.
I believe the CBO and other credible evaluators incl health insurance companies that insurance costs go up & many lose care. Vote no. Thanks
REALITY: even the CBO admitted that if the mandate was removed 73% of those leaving insurance w/b by choice. Stop the bs.
REALITY: Obamacare premiums & deductibles have already skyrocketed to point that people can't afford healthcare. Insurers have already left.
Kaine destroyed health insurance/care for Virginians b/c he & the other Dems forced Obamacare on them. He cancelled insur & took away drs.
Why do you lie to your people in Virginia about health care
Vote No
Senator you must consider other blue states to, because if a bill doesn't hurt VA but devastates say CA it must be no too!!!
Timothy very interesting that decrease costs and better health was not an option for your little false info test
Thank you @timkaine - I am a constituent and I appreciate your hard work!
I doubt there is anything the rethuglicans can propose for health care you should even consider voting "yes" on
Do the Senators not have to be in the Chamber...I am watching on C-Span2 and no one is there...
Vote no! It will be disastrous for my son with a disability!!!
And this is why we love you.
Stay the course sir. Our lives depend on it!
Please vote NO!!! Those who need help the most, will be hurt the most!
No
Dems and Republicans should try working together for a change. For the good of the People! Do the job that WE sent you to do.
Anything they come up with will cost citizens more unless they are wealthy or own insurance companies.
oh I forgot - or members of congress
That's what each senator should be doing. It's about healthcare not partylines
Thank you Senator. Please vote No. This will definitely hurt our fellow Virginians.
BTW: we havent forgotten that you should be our VP right now.
Vote yes!
Don't be fooled. Vote no
@SenCoryGardner would be wise to use the same litmus test. Are @SenateGOP forgetting #2018MidTerms? #VoteOutGardner
Stand strong Senator Kaine!  Glad u represent what's best for us your constituents and the country as a whole.
Did not stop you for O care!
Obviously you are winding down your political career Senator. Obamacare is a disaster and needs to be repealed. That's how you should vote.
It will take away their care.
Vote NO please Senator. I voted for you because you're a great Senator and care for the people of Virginia.
Helpppppppp.  USA falling.  Trump is crazy. GOP trying to kill us
Senator Kaine, live in VA please vote NO,
To bad you didn't use this same test on Obamacare, since it didnt meet your criteria & would've had to vote NO!
Please vote no. This whole process has been a sneaky backhanded business.
Vote no!
Vote NO
Of course it will and of course you will, Captain Obvious. If you and Hillary had a pair of balls between you we wouldn't ben in this mess.
No
Such a simple test, and yet no GOP plan yet unveiled can pass it.
It won't do that and you can't explain how it could do that.
Vote no
Please vote no. It will raise cost and take away care starting after the 2018 elections.
I hope they vote against Skinny Repeal. BC/BS says it will raise premiums drastically
Thank you and @MarkWarner for doing what's right for Va citizens
Please vote no. #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Thank you Senator Kaine.
@SenCapito Sounds like a sound test.
No it will save taxpayers money.
PLEASE VOTE NO
Wish you were my state senator!  Keep up the fight! #fightforall
Vote to REPEAL Obamacare/ACA!!!! REPEAL IT
You're 20 years old and probably still on mom and dad's plan....why do you want others to suffer?
Except I'm not. What about the millions whose insurance has become worthless under Obamacare/ACA? What about their suffering?
#singlepayer senator!!! It's the only answer!!
