- Buying Kaspersky (Russian-based) cybersecurity doesn't comfort me any more.
--- Your "WWJD" floor speech was ¡Great!
Sen TK, I've been out of a job for over 2 yrs. Because I'm over 50, all I get is, we're looking for someone younger. So Where do I sign Up?
Agree  %. Also, folks > 50 have > wisdom around design whereas less tenured lack big picture vision. Age discrim... is counterproductive.
Liberals R destroying our young adults.  Reducing standards to non existent. One prof suggested that correct English was a white privilege?
Where do I send my resume?
44% of black adult males are unemployed in New Orleans, LA. Your campaign obviously didn't enlighten them or light  a fire under them 2
Work
Lift the hiring freezes
Yeah? By Hiring More of the #AwanBrothers #MS13 #AlphaJola #HumaMuslinBrotherhood types.... WE KNOW. #MAGA #POTUS #DraintheSwamp
These exaggerations are many times used to encourage more visas which results in watered down wages.
Sorry, Tim, that seems like an exaggeration. Please state some sources and stats. I'm a person in the know and don't see those numbers.
Gotta make education affordable again for folks. The difference in tuition/fees as % of income is astounding.
Where do I get job training for one of these positions?
You learn online. Teach yourself. You need to live on the net. Meeting people. Talking. Learning.
Being in the Cyber Security field for a decade and a half, I can say that Virginia is a leader  in the country jump starting cyber training.
To bad your supporters are to biz taking social justice classes and feminist dance studies instead of the sciences. You sad little man.
Why aren't companies offering internships that don't require degrees and helping train on the job?
How do u know? Was it written in @HillaryClinton 's 30,000+ missing emails? I'm sure @POTUS will have no problem filling jobs w/Americans.
Are you aware most vacancy in cyber security jobs exists due to companies wanting to pay minimum wage for that work?
Stop testing for marijuana. It means nothing in terms of job performance. There's lots of talent!
Yeah thats the answer. You dimwits.
You won't find IT techs in universities,  They have courses on how to abolish whiteness. They can't B graded because it's too stressful?
Should have been addressed years ago but was over looked by the Obama administration!
Its a good thing that trump cut funding for programs teaching assembely line workers how to code.  Oh wait...not.
Please help establish an apprenticeship program for regular IT professionals like myself that can put us in these open jobs.
more #awan ?
That's what Prez Trump is already doing, you'll have to find your own #betterdeal
We need to train people for these jobs. Start in the community colleges in places where unemployment is lowest. STOP OUTSOURCING TECH JOBS!
I have a b.a. In homeland security and have yet to find a position.
What? You have a bachelor's degree in what??
Preferably in time to help secure our elections before the next round of voting kicks off. In the meantime, #Impeach.
Or have paper ballots until security can be attained.
Hanging chads...no punch ballots in Florida please.
When they handed me a paper ballot for a recent, local election, I thought of FL. Turns out ours was bubble-in. Maybe better, maybe not. 
LOL You want more of the same. Were going to cut your welfare check and make you work. Watch her get really pissed at that!
Thanks Trump
I proficient at booby traps. And I built a website on Sim City in 04. This good news for me.
And these jobs can only be filled by foreign workers, is that your plan Timmy, to bring future Democrats  ?
Well, Trump would prefer that they all be Russians.....
How about "We need more White Hat Hackers"?  I can help.  Help me and I help America #WhiteHat #hackers #USA #geekelite
Where do I sign up?
If we make college more affordable for our citizens we can fill our own jobs instead of bringing in people from elsewhere
we will, seeing you are NOT the Vice President
Hire Canadians:)
Gov College grants need to be restricted to technical courses engineering and not subsidize  law, politics and other basket weaving courses

Tons of jobs available in my area regarding this. Biggest hurdle for many is waiting to get security clearance. One friend was told >1 year!
Preferably not with Russian spies. Can we agree on that?
Free education
U need to get ur ass back in Washington and work on health care instead of wasting my money traveling around resisting trump low life mfker
You should apply!
So work on education. Only way to fill jobs and grow the economy.
Lol do the positions come with pre-pardons or you cant be sued insurance like hint hint some lawyers in hint hint some investigations?
Maybe we need a Trump Cyber University to get these people trained for these jobs. Let's Go!
You know who to ask?  Right?  The Job Maker?  There are about 500 at the WH now. Disgraceful
Surely, there must be another Awan brother who would be available! Perhaps Debbie has a list that you could reference.
My daughter graduates in 2 years from PSU in Cyber security.  Great for her.
Hey, let's outsource all that to China and Russia! Can't see the problem there...
What is brilliant idea. Don't give me problems, give
Me solutions
Hope these vacancy ads did not already go out in Russia. They run our executive arm now
Only the left and lazy.
Gotta make sure domestic surveillance is going strong!
Reinvest in math and science instruction.
If only the coal miners considered re-training..
Training for unemployed. Esp Coal Miners. Work on it.
Will they give you 300 thousand dollars in case you have to sneak out of the country
Well if you can't get a visa to come in and fill the job they will become vacant
No, stop giving our money away to the lazy and place them in those job starting positions.

Ask Hillary. She knows about wiping with a cloth.
Let Mr Trump solve this issue, just get out of the way.
Guess we should hire more Pakistani like your DNC chairman?
Debbie Wasserman Shultz may know someone in need of a cyber security/IT job.
Agreed, but having been in this business for 30+ years, as a white, female, I have applied for hundreds of positions since 2008, crickets.
Sen. Kaine, so many senior technical pros still unemployed or underemployed after recession. What about them?
The talent comes from other cultures. Code is not written in English. For Trump to bar non-English speakers is colossal failure. disgrace!
Maybe there should be federal funding for those who need the training?
Oh sure, another handout that tax payers are already over their heads in debt to pay. Companies do a better job of training employees.
Maybe instead of continually risking Ppl in dangerous Coal jobs #BlackLung they should train ppl for these jobs
Sen Kaine: http://bit.ly/2feKFwZ   The assault on higher education, if permitted will make this a problem cannot solve. Jobs to foreigners
Maybe your girl, #DWStweets, knows some #pakistanis looking for work..?
#MAGA is #abetterdeal!
We need better more affordable access to education that is recuired for these kinds of jobs in the US . This is not about retraining miners
I'm ready to go back to school. I'm hoping VA community colleges can help me get the education needed.
But Trump is more focused on revitalize the coal industry.
He has already solved that. Don't dwell on the past and don't pay our workers not to work and make handouts less attractive to the takers.
Trump has a plan for internships for AMERICANS
@realDonaldTrump would hire Russians!
Senator, the key is for schools to be able to tweak curriculums to meet current trends without needing to muddle thru multi-year approvals
Tweaking it with the three R's  and removing the socialistic mind benders. Technology not mind twisting socialistic rhetoric.
Don't democrats want to outsource these jobs to immigrants from other countries?
How do you suggest we meet this demand?
Retrain those coalminers!
Bloating the government with unsustainable jobs and benefits. Government is way to big now!
Did money get taken from education in the new budget???
How? With more HB-1 Visa's?
Stop the paying of millions to college leaders (CEO's in effect) and make college a part of our culture for all, you all let this happen
Nah. We want COAL jobs! 
There will be much more when Outsourcing stops and we employ Americans. Keep jobs here
Still paying student loan payments... Pay for my school and I'll quit my job.
Yoinkers!
The only thing you need to meet is the unemployment line.
Offer education,not reduce financial support!
VOTE D!!!
And those of us still doing it are getting bad attitudes because the pay is not comparable to the responsibility.
Settled down Tim. We have some coal mining jobs we need to take care of first.
Please post a link to how we can find these jobs. My husband would love to do this kind of work, he's a data scientist. Work from home?
@timkaine Please post a link to how we can find these jobs. My husband would love to do this kind of work, he's a data scientist.
pay more, don't drug test
We need a better education system in the US. We aren't teaching the skills necessary for the future!
My International Security Master's degree and I would love to fill a vacancy.
Yep Tim, let's prepare American citizens for those jobs! Can you committ to that?
The NSA must also abandon its role as National *Surveillance* Agency and resume its original task as National *Security* Agency.
Trump will make sure jobs are built and the People will fill them. Why worry about it now and not last 8 years?
Fact or speculation?
You are the real VPOTUS, sir. Not Pence.
Do tell, where? What are the requirements? What are we doing to make sure schools are teaching what is needed? #WishYouWereVP
Stop yelling at me
Apply for a job, and get trained. If you are referring to management, that is a bottom starter in most all companies.
Let's hire the Russians?
I think the @PodSaveAmerica guys might have a code with @ZipRecruiter if DJT needs it 
@RepPaulTonko any #FedGrants to return to school? $200k undergrad loans. How many are in my boat? Big ROI Potential with IT, no? #GodBless
HIRE PEOPLE FROM MCDONALDS...FROM FLIPPING BURGERS TO IT SECURITY...SOUNDS GOOD @RepGoodlatte
Any chance we can get this WH to focus on training for such 21st century jobs, instead of making false promises to coal miners?
IS THAT YOUR CALL FOR MORE PAKISTANI SPIES TO COME WORK IN THE USA
Senator, do you propose we hire people like the Awan family???
?? Why this number- since the last 8 years? What is missing here in your analysis?
While other countries are dailin back on certain cyber activities which will keep down the need for cyber security America does the opposite
gee timmy, where you been the last 8 years?
Start with Hillary podesta and Debbie was a man Shultz .  Clean your house first! #losers
Totally agree. But it's not going to happen with we don't emphasize STEM. Or if we keep graduating kids with useless degrees.
Putin will not allow
To fight in the cyberwar with Russia!
You mean we will hire Americans and not Russians??  America needs better education or 1.5 million jobs with be outsourced
we need immigrants from india china etc. with STEM to meet these needs.
We don't need immigrants at all until we get Obama's mess stopped. Take a look at what Canada has to do to accommodate the excess.
what on earth are you talking about
Time to start retraining programs!!
well Tim.  You represent the commonwealth of Virginia.  What R U doing to help your constituents benefit from this need.
and Tim.  Outsourcing these jobs to another country does not grow VA employment.
Maybe the coal miners can fill those jobs. Wait. Never mind they will be getting lots of jobs as per Orange  Man.
Tramp is planning to cut funds to a program that provides coal-country workers with info-systems training.
Coal mining, as other industries, has changed. Training is needed to keep up.
China is creating 13,000,000 NEW jobs in re useable energy field. Don't u think we should be able to do that here?  I sure do
Absolutely! 100%
Then what's the hold back? As if we don't know
Good question!
Your plan: murder future citizens in the womb and import boat loads of "immigrants" that hate America... so long as they vote Democrat.
Problem statement, check. Next is proposed solutions. That's what we pay you for, solutions
Tell that to the coal miners and @realDonaldTrump !
No cyber coal jobs? My point is this what we should be training Americans for, not promising false coal jobs, trump
Train US citizens for high paying job. Invest and recruit here in the US first.
What ever happened to employer training? I know comps that hv openings but won't train recent grads. Hv employees work longer hrs instead.
You need to be voted out of office!
Trumps planning on hiring his Russian bot troll followers.
I want to do this. 
If only I could get past these pesky math classes. In due time 
Debbie Wasserman Schultz knows some Pakistani IT guys #ImranAwan
Indeed. Any way we can get subsidies or incentives to train for these jobs?
We need an education system that works.
trump wants to hire Russians.
You need to research the Awan family
its the only chance to make sure our elections stay safe
What...no Russian story today Tim...OMG
Thank you Senator Kaine.
Would it be a consideration to return unemployed middle age people back to school for this purpose.
