As I sit here w/ my wife in Henrico Doctors Hospital please fight to keep the health insurance we could only afford thru #ACA #Obamacare
Allergic reaction to blood pressure meds.  All is looking good now and going home tomorrow. Thank God I have insurance thru #ACA
Whatever HC goes thru, some will lose benefits but don't worry, the 15M Dreamers & 21M illegals will be covered.  Illegals trade loyalty 4HC
This NYer is tired of changing plans, premium hikes, and sky high deductibles. Obamacare made things worse.
#Medicare4All / #SinglePayer is the real answer!
No, Virginians want you to #ImpeachTrump. We were attacked by Russia and #TeamTrump helped and benefited from it.
Then we need to remove Sen. Kaine from the Senate. Ukraine helped Hillary.
Sir, Hillary Clinton is not POTUS. Your logic is b.s. Besides, Ukraine appears to be a ruse set from #TeamDeza, Putin and Trump.
Yes! We want Trump & Co. removed from office.
A "FIX" to line your OWN POCKETS.  You greedy greedy person.
I'm a Vermonter, not a Virginian but you have my support all the same.
Virginians also want tax relief. Putting money back in our pockets also helps us cover healthcare costs!
Thank you for working for the people.
Viriginians want #MedicareForAll
There it is again "not an ACA repeal"  This guy is a swamp dweller. They want to give U useless, yet free,HC, like they gave the Vets.
That's right, Senator. We want everyone working together to provide healthcare for all.
Virginian here, you're wrong.
Sorry Little Timmy.  This Virginian wants the ACA repealed root and branch.
@SenatorCollins @SenSchumer @marcorubio why don't you work together to keep what's good and change what's bad. Together!
Thank you. Repair and improve Obamacare, working across the aisle.
sliding scale payments work...everyone pays fair share for basic healthcare...my health should not be for profit!  #medicareforall
Agree, but Ds need to talk specifics-every D public comment on issue should list 4-5 things to change ACA to improve. Have clear message!
This was introduced last week: https://schrader.house.gov/uploadedfiles/solutions_over_politics_stabillizing_and_improving_the_individual_market.pdf …
NO to a compromise on health care. We need coverage for existing conditions, single-payer option, mandate. @SenateDems @SenSanders
Oh please
I want full and complete REPEAL!!!
Timmy, Bull Skata and you know it!! If you wanted "Bi-Partisan" work WHY DIDN'T DEMOCRATS WORK W/ REPUBLICANS TO BEGIN WITH?? yOU OBSTRUCTED
As it should be.
Thanks for representing us and not the wallets of the 1%.  Improve #ACA and don't let your GOP colleagues sabotage it.
No Senator we want Obamacare to be repealed.. Support @POTUS
@TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer Don't lose this opportunity to rise and lead in the absence of one.
Yes they do, let's keep people insured and make sure this time people have access and it's actually "affordable". My rate quadrupled before
Virginians want you to repeal this disaster you foisted on us and never, ever do that again.
Except the Dems stubborness/obstructionism may end up in a full repeal, are they willing to take that risk?
So does Coloradoan
Dems have to make concrete proposals. Just opposing T will get you nowhere
Single payer time Senator.
The Democrats are guilty of enacting a costly, failed health care system.
If you would work with Republicans that wouldn't be a problem, would it? If not, full repeal and let the chips fall where they may...
In 140 characters.. yes.
Virginia wants O care gone, killing business. Wake up!
I was born, bred, raised in VA, now in TN.  I urge @SenBobCorker and @SenAlexander  to work with you, our neighbor!
 GO, Tim, GO! 
Thank you Senator!!
Senator Collins looks like she is willing to work across the isle...by partisan 
Looks like #Obamacare's still in place & ts shw me how complex health care is!! #needtoworkitout whatever it takes bi-partisan deal
#NoRepeal #SaveOurACAFixIt @TheDemocrats @GOP @srn @kyvoices4health @HouseDemocrats @KyDems #OurACAWorks #DontLetTrumpoDismantleOurACA #ACA
Keep up the effort to fix the ACA, not destroy it!
How about fixing Obamacare so all of can have insurance and afford to use it. If you have any income, ACA Rob's you and you can't use it!
Repeal, get rid of this monstrosity!
How about you in Congress have the same health care you force on us regular Americans
Good luck getting that past McConnell, Rand, and all the other bought and paid for members of the Senate.
Go get em @timkaine #NeverRepeal
.To accomplish what your voters elected you to do, it will require your rejoining the human race
Love you Senator. Love you last summer too! 
Please get dems together working on fixes!
So do Pennsylvanians, Senator.
Thanks to you and rest of Democrats you've destroyed our Health Care with the Obamacare/SCAM.
Thanks for working for us. (Bristol, VA)
Yes. Yes, we do. Thanks, Senator.
Agreed. Sooo glad you and Sen Warner are my senators. 
Give em hell senator #Resist
As a constituent and a physician, thank you!
Let it fail. Let the shit land on who allowed it, being you and you Dem friends. You have done nothing but Obstructed any improvements
Give'em he'll Tim.
.
Please save us from the heartless, soulless GOP!
Thank you @timkaine!  We need you to fight for us all!
Time to call Sen. Portman, Govs. Kasich, Sandoval and Hickenlooper and get started on a bipartisan bill to improve the ACA and Medicaid.
Most of those millions would opt not to buy an ins package. They need just a catastrophic only  plan.
Too bad the Rs will never agree to this.
What a liar, I am so happy that you lost
Thank you Sen Kaine.  Working for We The People!!
Thank you, sir.
This Californian does too! Thank you for your constant fighting for us all! #healthcarematters #iamapreexistingcondition
Healthcare fix in the form of a Medicare plane for all
The Republican leadership agenda is spiteful &self serving.
They could craft with Democrats a really good health care bill that serves all
Yes fix ACA. Let's move on to impeachment.
You go Sir!
Good luck and thanks for having our back!
Keep up fighting back.
Just close your eyes and imagine @timkaine as VP, not our present fabulist.
This Pennsylvanian wants that as well!
Current bills do not repeal Obamacare. They keep subsidies, Medicaid expansion, mandates, 5x prem for 50 & over. VOTERS WANT FULL REPEAL.
Virginia voters do not want Kaine or other Dems/progressives/socialists near healthcare or insurance. They destroyed both w/Obamacare.
By over SEVEN to ONE Democrats favor #MediCareForAll
Medicare for all, please!
Americans want a system that works. Could care less what it is called. Dems want O'care, repubs want another name & America loses. #GrowUp
#NoOnRepealAffordableCareAct  Senator Feinstein has Improvement To ACA and I as Californian WANT Senator Feinstein improved ACA PASSED!
Obamacare is gonna collapse.
Your constituents can thank you at the ballot box.
Why was the rioting charges dropped against your LOSER son?
REAPEAL REPEAL REPEAL THE ACA.
Thank you, Senator! #NeverRepeal
Insurance companies and drug companies on notice...they don't control OUR healthcare
Where you been all day. It is lunchtime
Praying the 2 sides can work together to fix ACA so every citizen has healthcare coverage at affordable rates...but that means putting
Nebraskans want this too!!
Thank you
We're counting on you, Senator!
CAN'T AFFORD MY HUSBAND AND I PAYING PENALTY'S !! REPEAL AND REPLACE IT !
GOD'S IN CHARGE !     NOT DEMOCRATS' !
I totally admire your passion for helping your constituents Virginia has so much to be proud of. Go Tim Go!
Same for #RealPA if you see @SenToomey let him know!
Thank you Senator!
In the interests of "bipartisan" fix, what CONSERVATIVE ideas are you willing to accept?

Bueller? Bueller?
My,My how things have changed over 8yrs. All of a sudden the Dems want to work together with the Repub!!
Why haven't you fixed VA, Medicare yet? Now you want "bipartisan" fix to Obamacare, which itself was supposed to fix everything?
The rest of the nation wants #Repeal. We're saw what your efforts produced with #Obamacare. We're not interested in your input now.

Bipartisan healthcare plan would prevent a repeal & replace w/every new Presidential party change.
Pls explain why all of these countries are able 2 give their citizens universal healthcare & our legislators won't. #MAGA -> #MedicareForAll
What's your plan, "Senator"?
Can you get a plan to CBO?
Ok now let's roll up the sleeves and come up with fixes to the ACA working with the GOP
Give 'em hell TKaine!!
You're my senator and have my support (and my money for re-election).
Thank you Senator Kaine for using ACA to desribe the current law!
#MedicareForAll or Dems lose votes of #progressives
You tell them!!
Then join Cassidy Collins, demand no cuts to medicaid and CSR funding
Go, Tim, go!
Thank you!!
Yes! Thank you @timkaine from this life-life-long Virginian.
Ya think?
Wishing you and all other democrats good luck. Keep going, it'll work out!
That's what we ALL want. We just want to live without going broke.
It is bipartisan, I don't want to pay for republicans or democrats health care.
Do it! Roll up your sleeves and get to work!
Single payer/Medicare for all...PLEASE!!!
Amen
Single payer universal health now
we want to improve @ACA...public option to lower costs...#medicareforall!!!
Americans want that. Most of us.
We sure do.
Thank you!
