But Trump wants to take it away. He is slowly dismantling all the things Obama put in place to advance our progress.
AND FOR WHAT? I ASK! THIS IS B.S. AND EVERYONE SHOULD REALIZE IT. IF YOU DON'T, TAKE YOUR FREAKING BLINDERS OFF FOR GOD'S SAKE!!!
We know it's bat guano, but we need to convince those in power to put country before party in order to make it happen.
I TOTALLY AGREE. THIS LEFT AGAINST RIGHT IS GETTING TOO HOSTILE 4 ME. WHY CAN'T WE ALL WORK TOGETHER 4 THE BEST CAUSE, HUMANITY! I HEAR U.
I agree wholeheartedly. If both sides start putting country before party, so much can get done very quickly. Also the crap will be put out!
Vote congress out!! But you can't it's the globalist=Washington $$$ won't let it. Most are in the pocket!! #bribes
Start with arresting hillary huma loretta comey and whoever else committed treason on this country. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS #MAGA
When has any of those people committed treason, obstruction of justice or nepotism? Never! Are you blind or stupid? I want to say blind.
Why didn't DACA help these young  illegals pursue a path to legal citizenship? These people were " helped" at the expense of the taxpayers.
Then how have the millions of other immigrants found the path to legal citizenship? Policies and procedures are clear.
Um, my DACA students pay taxes. https://unitedwedream.org/daca-tips/taxes-daca-need-know/ … Kind of the point of the program. http://immigrationimpact.com/2017/04/28/daca-beneficiaries-pay-billions-taxes/ …  2bn/yr. PAID by DACA wkrs
Policies and procedures are expensive, take years, and are very difficult, especially to those with learning or intellectual disabilities.
And so????
They are here legally under DACA. Paying 2bn a year. Thought that was clear the first time I said it.
Not really, they have a waiver of deferred action, they are still here without standing.
Pat! Really?I'm a American Hispanic and that's not trueAsk Gabe Ortizwhy he blocked me. I was trying to have open mind about it. Convince me
So exclaim this?
Dyk:2009 there were 76 people on FBI MW list; Of the people on the list, 43 individuals (57 percent) were born outside of the United States.
You want to pave a way for the children brought here illegally. Then do your job you've had 5 yrs.
Intentional deception not to call them who they are: illegal aliens of parents who are illegal aliens. All are breaking the law.
Definitely should keep these in our country by the thousands
For 30 years congress has refused to address the illegal immigration issue. What exactly are you bragging about?
DACA is one of the best examples of who Americans really are and our helping them is a perfect example of our true American spirit. 
Most Dems have no idea what America is! Only know what they are told.
A very plain and stupid comment Raymond. Are you 4 or 5 years old?
It's time for Americans first. We're sorry they were illegally brought here, but it's time they go back and work to improve their country.
THEY HAVE A COUNTRY, IT'S CALLED THE USA, DAMN IT!
Maybe they'll buy some postcards before they leave.
Tim, why do you love illegals and terrorists like Antifa so much?
GET REAL FOR CHRIST'S SAKE. WHO R U ANYWAY. SOME KINDA NUT JOB?
Hi Timmy, when r u meeting with your son's Terrorist group, Antifa.  Who knew?  Will u have them listed as a Leftwing Terrorist group?
Helpin out in Houston as we speak...
IN THIS COUNTRY, WHO THEY CALL ILLEGALS R DOING THE JOBS THAT THE POOR LITTLE WHITE BOYS REFUSE TO DO. THEY SHOULD TRY!
I do agree DACA & those in the military should receive citizenship BUT people lived in the US for 10-20 yrs w/o initiating citizenship? Why?
Because you can't without a green card
My point / get a green card.  I don't go to another country & disrespect their laws upon entry.  If I want to go/stay I follow the process.
It's not that simple. You expect people to go to a country they have never been in or don't even know the language to.
Their choice unless evac'd for emergency. Most try very hard to pursue. Amnesty is not the answer as a general rule. True immigration reform
You should not be in government if you don't follow the laws of the land, DACA is illegal
the reason you and Hillary lost is not because of Russia. It  was because of immigration. No more illegal immigration! We don't want this
When will you disavow your Son and his racist terrorist organization Antifa
So what is the Congress doing to right this wrong? #DefendDACA
What is congress proposing for immigration overhaul proposal? Reagan gave amnesty but now over 30 yrs later Dems nor Repubs have fixed it!
In addtion MS 13 has roots in every state in the union. They are killing our youth with druges and the Democrats needs to own it.
TRUMP DOESN'T CARE ABOUT ANYONE BUT TRUMP!
Lies, he cares about America and all people but we must follow laws
WAKE UP THERE J. THERE IS SUBSTANTIAL EVIDENCE TO PROVE THAT TRUMP IS THE LIAR  AND RACIST. DO YOUR RESEARCH B4 U OPEN MOUTH & INSERT FOOT!
Unconstitutional like all obummer cancer! Get them out and get to the back of legal line! You have NO rights here! No anchor babies! Illegal
Riiiiight.....
Defend criminals, punish citizens, makes sense if you don't believe in the rule of law!
What has DACA done to help those who legally live in VA, or the country for that matter?  You know, the ones paying for it.
And don't forget helped the Clinton foundation steal money.
Deport!
DACA NOT #1 PASS the RAISE Act  #1 SERVE best interests of modern USA &US CITIZEN https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-bill/354 … @POTUS
Question: Why do Democrats now believe DACA kids aren't worth bargaining for? They've done a 180 on this issue.
these 800M plus individuals work and pay taxes just like you and I. They are contributors to  America's tax dollars!
Democrats have abandoned DACA kids, sacrificing them on the altar of Trump Obstructionism. Face it, your party sold them out.
Congratulations and they had that opportunity and I'm sure made the best of it. But in life all good things must come to an end. #daca
Hey Timmy, why don't u and ur son go do what u do best; protest and invite violence!
I’ll bet your son would be a good Big Brother to some of them, oh wait....
At the expense of the law-abiding, hard-working CITIZENS who are denied freebie government giveaways.
2. LEAVING THEIR FAMILY BEHIND, LIVIN IN MIGRNT CMPS ON FARMS WHR TH OWNERS DON'T TREAT THEM LIKE HUMANS. THY WORK FROM SN UP TO SN DN. BS!
#DefundDACA
Another reason why I didn't vote for U and will never vote for democrap filth like U. #defundDACA you sniveling weasel vote kaine OUT '18
You are supposed to represent American citizens.
Virginians taxpayers money also going 2 illegal criminal aliens, MS13, mass evasion of criminal activities such as murder, rape, drugs, etc
Over and above Americans.  You are a traitor communist progressive socialist fascist
Already happening. I know a 24 yr old who got laid off 8/21 due to DACA ext not arriving on time. Now she'll clean houses & not pay taxes.
The DREAM Act has become a nightmare for taxpayers. When are you liberal idiots going to see the damage illegal immigration causes
It cost me more than all the taxes I paid.  Not same doctor hospital and never seen the 2.5k promised how many did it hurt
Then cosponsor the Dream Act or else it's just talk...
And a boat load of crime and public assistance
And how many crimes against the US Senator?  You're blinded by your liberal philosophy.
ILLEGAL ALIENS
If  this happens, we need people to step up. My heart stops just thinking about it. #DACA
Maybe u 4 got about the decision from the  Supreme Court 
http://thehill.com/regulation/court-battles/president-obama-immigration-actions-programs-blocked-supreme-court-deadlocked-scalia-dapa-daca-crushing-blow …
What about the people that live in your state that vote? You r defending people who can't legally vote 4 u. U.S. citizens pay your salary
And break the law.
And you wonder why you and HRC didn't win
Good lord do you not follow the laws of the land
And now its tine to send these parasites back
we need to take those lists and forward them to @ICEgov
Stop rewarding illegal behavior #BuildThatWall
and the dreams of American citizens are snuffed out by ILLEGALS that murder them and you are ok with that...DEPORT THE DAMN ILLEGALS
How about the rest of the kids. Can you stop trying to buy votes from people who see though you as well. #AmericaFirst stop spending money
I advise you to look into the history of that 'America First' phrase.
How about supporting LEGAL American kids that need help pursuing their dreams&have them contribute to America?America 1st sound familiar?
Maybe Trump can get Russia to help foot the bill
Wow..great idea!wished I thought of that..maybe Tim's friend crooked hillary can help start a fundraiser by a"reset" like she did as SOS.
If you guys would stop calling names, maybe something can be done!
You say what you want ,I think I still have the freedom to say what I want
You lie about VA...tell the truth.
Tim this is s very important issue FIGHT!!!!
Many of the volunteers and rescue workers in Houston right now are immigrants and DACA eligible,
Prove that statement.
Let's help the kids of our country with my tax dollars
That's 5 years too long.
Then you pay there way senator kaine
Contribute???  How about sucking up our tax dollars!!!  What an A-hole you are!!!
...at the expense of law-abiding citizens.

Shame on you, Kaine.

#EnforceTheLaw
#SecureTheBorder
#DeportIllegalAliens
Sen Kaine, 12 yrs ago, my father respected US law& left wen visa was up. Taught me 2 do same. I did, now Im citizen. Y do u insult him & me?
Sorry you're a pal of Hillary's; therefore we don't believe your lies. And you need to go to the woods like your buddy. We aren't interested
No daca no amnesty.
For 5  yr DACA has allowed illegal aliens to have jobs in the USA while the govt has paid record levels of unemployment and welfare to ppl.
For the last 5 years what have you and your buddies done for Vets Timmy to help them achieve their dreams?
The donald doesn't care.   He only cares about his wallet.
You are so misinformed....too bad
These kids are the future of America, as were our parents & grandparents, going back to the Pilgrims. Dreamers are the 21st Century Pilgrims
Nice try, but not so.
Old Man Mitchell says the same #DefundDACA
Replace DACA with real immigration reform. You guys got 68 votes last time. Do it again with @SenJohnMcCain

Tim,, STOP SCREWING AROUND &, #ImpeachTrump ALREADY!
Not anymore pretty soon. Sorry.
Yes. We have to take our country back.
No
