A home in Tijuana is a refuge for deported U.S. veterans http://lat.ms/2fhxVm6  
I intro’d several new bills—including 2 w/@SenCortezMasto—to protect Vets & servicemembers who are immigrants → http://bit.ly/2v5Zupi 
If they came illegally, they shouldn't have ever been allowed to join in the first place. #NationalSecurity
Hebrews 13:2
Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels unawares!
#Hospitality #HeHadDreamsToo
Immigration status is not an indicator of criminal intent. "Or r u saying killing is constitutional right?"
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5929362ce4b053f2d2acaf56/amp …
If their first act coming here is to violate our law that's a pretty good indication. Or how about the ID theft they engage in to work 1/
What would you do to feed your children?  Obey al laws and watch them die?
The people who risk their lives to come here don't do so cause alls well at home
Ok, my when my life is crap, I'll break into your home, and use your food, water, electricity. Then I'll demand you accept me.
They served. Trump did not. They sacrificed. Trump did not. They are brave. Trump is not. They are heroes. Trump is not. They are Americans.
Trump is serving now! I think it's very brave 2 giv up a charmed life 2 b President. @SenDuckworth is not fighting 4 pre911 vets
Give up a charmed life? I think his golf game says otherwise. Sen Duckworth has more bravery in her pinky finger than military school Don!
My Marine husband has same combat injuries as @SenDuckworth yes I honor her service & sacrifice but she doesn't fight 4 all veterans
Thank you to your husband. And you for your sacrifices. What has trump done? Obama raised their pay. Ask Sen Duckworth to do more...
Yes I have asked her. I live in Illinois, state has gone w/o budget for 3 yrs on verge of bankruptcy I'm very familiar w Illinois politics
Haven't they been talking about a cost of living increase? I know there are lots of problems in IL. Has trump helped you?
Yes, Trump has! Son is military & hubby disabled vet. Military funding & VA improvements.
. Q- if illegals become majority both as citizens & military.. what happens to America you swore to defend & Protect? #NoDACA #NoAmnesty
As a veteran, I am appalled by this statement. I fought for American principles and precepts and not to maintain white supremacy.
A nation! A nation that has a CONSTITUTION..you know, that document you swore to defend?
There should be a thorough vetting process before they are allowed to join. Vote the people out of office who are allowing this to happen.
Wtf do you think Trump is trying to do!!!!!! First, you have to address the problem that Obama created ILLEGALLY I might add
I assume you are talking about the dreamers..  , if they love this country so much why haven't they applied for citizenship?  Just  saying
Dreamers are prevented from applying for citizenship, by law. Let them apply? Great idea. Will you work for it? (When did you apply?)
By a chicken hawk that didnt
CA will no longer assist in any deportation we will not award contracts to anyone helping to build the wall CA is making our own pact
Right enjoy your stay at the psych ward
Mohawk I need To teach toi.
http://www.bigsportsentertainment.com 
VIP
reach you not teach you.
I teach US history. I always emphasize: from Revolutionary War to now, immigrants claimed & proved their Americanness through mil service.
And throughout US history this has been true as well for African-Americans, who demonstrated citizenship/equality thru military service
For minorities & immigrants, putting on the uniform of the US military has always served as testimony to their merit as fellow citizens.
Can you sponsor a bill granting immediate citizenship for these men and women?
Wait, this is Amerika right? Seems normal
You are so right...
You're right.  But the rest have to leave.
I never felt so much pride for people who were not born in the U.S. but were willing to fight for this country to become a citizen.
But Senator, the Chicken Hawks running the government can't understand what you're talking about!
.@SenDuckworth weighs in on our story about deported veterans
Yet stands aside on giving pre911 vets same benefits as post911 vets #caregiverprogram #SAHGrant #Equalbenefits #BeThere #BeFair
I agree; if they served or are serving grant them citizenship as they earned it but, initiate a proper vetting program first; #Ft. Hood
Thank you for your stand on immigration and DACA Punishing the children for decisions of their fathers seems biblical and unjust.
How is automatic citizenship not law for any non-citizen who fights for our coutry?!?! Maybe draft dodgers should lose their citizenship
At least be inelligable for presidentfor fuck sake
Trump had his own prison for American soldiers, you know. Trump can't honor prisoners of war.
Men and women willing to wear our nation's uniform shouldn’t be deported by the same nation they risked their lives to defend https://twitter.com/latimes/status/908343756839104512 …
Hebrews 13:2
Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels unawares!
Agree absolutely. There should be no discussion on this topic.
Donnie Jonnie needs to send wifey #3 back to Slovenia!
Amen
Totally agree, but to join the armed forces i couldve sworm that you have to be an American citizen
If they serve in our military then they should be granted citizenship.
They wear the uniform due to lack of any other opportunities, in most cases. We've a system that wastes most discretionary spending on war.
You can wear the uniform then come American citizen not break our laws wear the uniform then become a citizen
This is just w-r-o-n-g! 
@ViewFromWise @latimes EXACTLY!
what, do you think the government actually gives a shit about ANY of us servicemen and women?
Deport all the Russian collaborators, Nazis & bigots to Russia. Keep the immigrants... they're more deserving & much better for our country.
Legal citizens
Foolish
If they are not citizens, they should not be able to serve. They should be deported until they can enter the country legally.
It's so sad that deported and veteran can even be found in the same sentence.
Not right.
One of THE must unfair and horrible things I've read.
This is so wrong in so many ways
Too simple to solve it.
Maybe you should listen to your leader..

Check out @Team_Trump45’s Tweet:
That's the Obama we know#BuildThatWall  https://twitter.com/BLVCLVBEL/status/905840284419940353/video/1 …
No argument.  @senduckworth,  what are you doing to make sure that does not happen?

Agreed! For those who have served honorably, they should be given a path to expedited citizenship.
I actually saw one of the guys on TV and realized I served with him at Ft. Stewart during Desert Storm
This is disgusting and deplorable
That's how we treat people now in the USA now apparently. ..What happened to us?
I don't know. I hope the evil that Trump released from Pandora's box can be put back in it.
They shouldn't be in the military to begin with...! VOTER PHOTO ID
It's also time to tell the 99% who never served that its none of their F'n business on who's allowed to serve.
"But after returning to civilian life they committed crimes that led to deportation."
Read the Article!!!
"But after returning to civilian life they committed crimes that led to deportation."
Ppl! Read WHY THEY DONT HAVE CITIZENSHIP! Don't believe what your first reaction is to this!!! They are NOT honorably discharged!!!
Uhhh- there's a reason they were denied their citizenship- it isn't because the US "just wanted to"
Nazi Trump is the lowest of the lowest for deporting those that have defended his life. He's void of any decency. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Truly despicable their good enough to  fight and die for but not good enough to live in or for the respect there owed  shameful
Trump has made a liar out of the US--when you make a promise, you commit to it--doesn't matter if it came from previous  admin.#integrity
Let's deport Sessions, Trump, et al to their own misogynist-bigot island & film a new survivor- Swamp Bottom Feeders edition-Parasites.
I vote for also adding extra 'special' challenges like They did in the Hunger Games-hornets, wolf-monsters, etc. The ratings would be crazy.
This is so unjust.
That would be an obscenity.
I think that is the President's native language, unfortunately. This outcome must be prevented.
Indeed.
Please push for more transparency, people need to know they're risking their lives on a "Maybe" & it's it's not worth it.
this sounds like a no brainer, but no it isn't ~ sadly that's the world we live in
If they commit a crime fuck yeah they should. Why do we want scum like that. No thier best. Unemployable. #adios #buildthewall
I'm the proud son of Mexican immigrants. I served my country, and I know a lot earned their citizenship in Iraq. Bring em home

Senator they were deported under Obama's administration. Committed crimes & then deported. Read the article.
It is a time honored thing that those who serve become citizens. And this is certainly true of American history.
Damn shame
Please run for POTUS in 2020. You CAN win.
How about deporting a silver spooned, heel spurred tax dodging serial liar?
This story makes me so so sad and sick inside.
Why don't u fight 4 pre911 vets 2 hav equal benefits as post911 vets? Care should b based on NEED not a service date. #BeThere #BeFair
A Big Thank You to the Honorable Senator from Illinois for taking a stand on this issue.
No. Absolutely not. How are illegal immigrants joining the service?
You're telling me illegal immigrants are serving? They shouldn't have been able to join in the first place.
Exactly and thank you always for your service !
Touché
This is not only an outrage, but a complete betrayal!
I'm at a loss for words right now...and that doesn't happen often. How is this happening in The United States of America? This MUST STOP!
Egregious & must be reversed ASAP
That seems so obvious to me. As a Vet, aren't they entitled to medical care? How do they get access to care they earned by defending us?
Agree....please help them!!
MAGA!!!! And this from a person, who couldn't tell you where our military is fighting. But he know those rapist needs to go. Head!
How exactly do these vets get VA care when they need it?
Give them enlistment and citizenship papers at the same time
Absolutely. Breaking faith with people in this way is a national disgrace.
DT you entitled draft dodging sorry ass S.O.B! This story is TO MUCH! Things are so bad everywhere! I need to disconnect for sanity sake

Well Tammy, put a bill forth to guarantee citizenship to immigrants who serve
FORCE THE ISSUE
STAND ON IT
DEMAND THE R's ANSWER THE QUESTION
This is terrible treatment for veterans. I am ashamed of our government right now.
It's disgraceful.
Well stated...
‘Deported veterans’ - Only in #TrumpsAmerica!
Men and women willing to wear our nation's uniform shouldn’t be deported by the same nation they risked their lives to defend https://twitter.com/latimes/status/908343756839104512 …
Exodus 23:9
“You shall not oppress a sojourner. You know the heart of a sojourner, for you were sojourners in the land of Egypt
Matthew 25:35
For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me
Hebrews 13:2
Do not neglect to show hospitality to strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.
AGREED ESPECIALLY FOR SERVING FOR A DRAFT DODGER LIKE djt DREAMERS WHO SERVE WITH HONOR SHOULD GET CITIZENSHIP IN THE COUNTRY THEY SERVED
American Dolchstoß 
What kind of a country does that?
This one.
Sad but true
Bring them home to the USA!
Absolutely
I do not support you in any way!
Are they taking American jobs or are they defending America The New Republican Party wants them gone because their Racist.
America has always been a melting pot Russia is an all white dictztorship
This is critical.
Only 900 DACA "children" serve in the military
I am ashamed that we are doing this to people who served in our military.
DEPORTED American VETERANS ........... Let's just let that sink in
Seems reasonable to me.
(Viet Nam 69-70)

#ResignTrump 
Bullcrap.  Live here legallly.
Wait, isn't serving a path to citizenship?
Agree 100%!
Amen!
What a shame and how despicable of what 45 and his evil followers want. Hope that soon he will be deported from the WH
AMEN TO THIS.. our country is safe because of the risks others take.  So sad
@CnBsNana especially by a 5x draft dodger.
According to Trump, anybody who isn't a Lebesnborn girl's wet dream should be deported.
Trump's AMERICA .  PATHETIC . MORON.
While trump avoided the Draft. These men &  women Answered the Call. & This Is Their 'compensation'? @SenDuckworth @TweetHispano @jupiter896
This is absolutely appalling. The fact that the administration of @realDonaldTrump is deporting veterans is disgraceful. Trump is HEARTLESS!
Diane K. the  #GOPbrandIsHate
But they want Black People to stand for an Anthem because it disrespects men and women who serve this country ....But This ...this is okay
Deport them all. Thanks but no thanks. Because laws and shit.
I don't support privileging foreigners ahead of struggling Americans particularly descendants of Africans enslaved in USA still marginalized
...deported veteran.
They won't be, it's just another Trump lie. 
Don't fall for it, Tamms
To even see the term "deported U.S. Veterans" is wild.
Senator please introduce hr 1036 in the senate so we're not deporting husbands and wives of US citizen Vets either!
The correction should have been constitutionally sound not a political/partisan move, shamefully both parties have used these people stop it
This is a no-brainer. Should be granted citizenship for their service too.
This is so disgusting. How can you repay a person who risked their life for the country by kicking them out?? #MakeAmericaGraciousAgain
Can we have a conversation on who abandons a child in another nation, what's the motivation. Addressing the motivation correctly=resolution
If they are illegals they shouldn't be wearing the uniform
They're more American than you are, binch.
Truth.
My last tour in Iraq I watched a ceremony with 100 service members from around the world get their citizenship.  (Continue)
Shameful
This is dumb. It's incredibly easy to file for citizenship while on active duty.
Damned right.
It makes his constant protestation of loving our troops ring hollow. It really is just one of Trump's meaningless lines of bull!
Disgraceful.
Disgraceful
You preach, sister. Or we salute!
A shame
Let's not forget the W H Chief of Staff Kelly is the man republicans applaud & say is so honorable, he's the guy who put this into effect..
Huh?
This is God-awful..there's something terribly wrong to be incensed by this. its inexplicable
I wonder if It was like this pre-WWll &Jews?
Immoral: Stop Trump
Senator, How is this even possible?
Especially when the douchebag in the Oval Office is a draft dodging COWARD!
#Veterans UNKNOWN SOLDIER 
by my father Carl Kohler  (1919-2006)
No one should be deported. Social Security is insolvent due2 low birthrate, so we need immigrants.

I wish you didn't lie against Mark Kirk.
@CarnahanCattle We need to take care of our own citizens, the VA needs to be totally rewritten.. wasted resources on illegals
Hello,FRIENDS
New @ AMAZON 
"THE HIPPO CAMPUS"
DrBorel's INTERACTIVE BRAIN BOOK 
Fun Learning for Youngsters 8 to 88
So Tammy can we Deport the ones that are not in service?
As I said before then get them legalized otherwise out
They were legalized, they had green cards. Racists can't be Christians.
I didnt know they had green cards & yes that is legal 4 a certain amount of time. I should have said make them citizens.
Snd you are right you cant be racist and Christian
Thank you, Senator, from a brother veteran.
Heartbreaking that they are willing to give of their lives but we just want to deport them. Sad as hell
These individuals chose to not pursue citizenship during or after their service, committed a felony, and suffered the consequences.
I have to agree. If service makes it easier, and citizenship is something u value, you should have done it (before getting into crime).
If you can prove that lie,you would turn things around for all illegals,I know what the story is, your claim is false! I know these ppl !
This makes me very sad. We should be better.
Tell the whole story!
"after returning to civilian life they committed crimes that led to deportation."
They are #Veterans who r #criminals
BS
Bring them back.  Their jobs are not being filled by fat white high school grads who voted for Donnie Two Scoops.
Get off it! Ppl who serve automatically are eligible for citizenship! You sound like Antifa talking! Are you?
Joseph, I'm on your side, but you are mistaken. Service does not grant citizenship. It makes it easier, but not automatic.
I served with non-citz that were working on naturalization. If removed b4 completing they could fall into this category.
Sure
The question then is if this the right result, or should they have other options after serving. I think if you serve you give more than most
True,illegals think they can hide in the service,but if they turn them selves in the US gov. Will help them,as long as they,no crime recrd
Shocking
US VETERANS and Felons shouldn't be in the same sentence. So YES deportation is the answer for these criminals
Disgraceful America stand up for the people who defend your freedoms
Why aren't immigrants who are willing to serve and die for America not granted automatic citizenship upon honorable discharge?
I am flabbergasted and so beyond ashamed that we have a President deporting USVeterans. This is wrong. America is their home. Fight for them
Has anyone in military been deported? I was on a ship in 2004-05 that discharge a Palestinian for making threats we drop him off to israel.
Saw immigrants serving also purposely do drugs to get themselves kicked out I dont think they understood how dishonorable discharge like.
@latimes amen, senator!
U.S. Army kills contracts for hundreds of immigrant recruits. Some face deportation.
Best solution? The parasite needs to be removed from the White House.
Of course they were given choice between prison and army. Guess what they chose army
"Deported US veterans" should not be a thing. This is an abomination.
Get it right US Veterans don't get deported,you spread lies!
The "Grateful Nation" is a myth.  Take it from a Gold Star mom... they don't care and they aren't grateful.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Totally agree!!! God bless our troops.
The words "US Veterans" and "deported" should never be in the same sentence!
Add "who HONORABLY SERVED" and not convicted FELLONS too.
Vets should never be deported. They will pay their debt to society in jail, no need to punish them twice.
You are correct ma'am!!!! That the only way you get amnesty!
Especially when the asshole in charge was afraid to serve
That's the truth!
