When I was dying, it didn't matter who saved my life.  -- @SenDuckworth on the transgender military ban. 
Apples to oranges. Try again
So are you advocating to ban diabetics from the armed forces as well or just ppl with conditions you don't have and lack understanding of?

The fact that I know service personnel that are actively enlisted and are diabetics makes your argument mute. They were accepted into
PLEASE RT
As always, you state the right way. Too bad Trump hasn't a clue about your truth. Love you Tammy!!
Please support Bernie's healthcare bill! IL voter here.
How about age restrictions? Disabilities? Criminal background? Why are you not fighting for them? Oh it's not popular discussion now, my bad
Perhaps you don't understand that these are the ones currently being barred by Trump. When the others are I imagine she'll stand up for them
She is playing on current headlines. One that has nothing to do with non military personnel. Our opinion is not needed in this matter!
When someone is barred from defending our country for bullshit reasons, people will stand up.
If you are not in the military, it honestly shouldn't be an issue. How does it impact your life? Serious question, not judging...
Because I have countless family members who have served or are serving and all of them are more than qualified to serve.
Mutilating your body would be a disqualification on the entrance process. That one is rather obvious.
It’s not mutilation
I would agree with that if they served without expecting all kinds of concessions and special circumstances.
@SaitoNetwork @zelda85044
U have shown integrity leadership & courage I hope u will run 4 higher office Our country needs heroes like u @ the highest level
Hey, you should support single payer
Thank you for supporting the LGBTQ+ community. Now join @SenSanders for Medicare for All
Senator, if transgender individuals are allowed to serve do the tax payer flip the bill for their hormone therapy?  If yes this = burden.
As you lay injured, You had the secure knowledge that your medical care will be provided for, no copays, no hassles. #MedicareForAll
Should probably start getting back to Christian values and advocating for mental health care and reform. Vets first! #sellout
You got that right brother!!
Didn't speak out against "Don't Ask, Don't Tell." That's bc it's a Dem agenda. Fund transgender therapy when you can't/won't fund the VA?
As usual, dems / libs are selective in their outrage.  All you have to do is pin Trump's name to it and they automatically hate it.
Really tammy is this for don or all the base people you are appealing to do your job quit tweeting about how big a hero you are
So just to understand. If anybody invaded America. Transgenders can't fight for their nation?
MEDICARE FOR ALL NOW SUPPORT BERNIES BILL
I mameanWhy not?
Thank you for giving so much & for speaking out against outrageous BS, which is particularly hurtful coming from someone who gave nothing.
Absolutely! Any other opinions on the matter are trash.. you're a hero @SenDuckworth
Please support  Bernie's medicare for all bill!
Fine so go have your own little gender military!! Me I want REAL men and women in my military!!
If you don't believe people will join2 get those shots and get those operations with government and taxpayers paying for it you're an idiot
If they're busy getting shots in operations I don't think they have time to save anybody's life
I totally agree with you @SenDuckworth. Whether you're straight, gay, man, woman, black, white, brown or even #DREAMers you should be able!
Too bad you were saved by a non gay person
Love  Trump
Thank you Senator Duckworth for your service then. And your continued service now. Tell it like it is Senator!
How do you feel about fellow Illinoisan Luis Gutierrez calling Gen. Kelly a disgrace to the uniform?
Thank you!
What are your measures for ensuring those suffering from mental illness are refrained from joining the military?
Good! But MEDICARE FOR ALL! Listen to your constituents!
What happened to Women's Rights 
Why are you going to force women to shower with men in our Military and our Schools #Perverse
If only all Congress persons could show the true leadership shown by you, Sen. Duckworth. TY!
Would you please join and stand with the growing number of senators who are supporting the healthcare bill tomorrow?
Dang Fracking skippy.
Agreed.  But dysphoroa, anorexia, severe acne and allergies all get in the way.  They need counseling not weapons training.
Thank you Senator!
Amen!!
How about focusing on returning vets with serious conditions rather than worry about inconsequential transgender costs. SMH
Pretty sure she's been doing that, too, as well as many others for years. It's possible to do more than one thing at a time 
Agreed. And grateful she has!  @SenDuckworth definitely gets it...<not all do: lip service>
Support Sen. Paul's amendment in tomorrow's vote
Thanks for your continued service Tammy Proud that you're my Senator.
Tammy Duckworth 2020
I don't care if it costs a penny. I'm not paying for it.  And viagra addresses a physical problem. Not a mental one.
Thank you Senator
You pay for All GRS and hormone replacement, not me
Thanks Senator ROS
I'm not in favor of paying for sex change operations period. Get that out and then we can talk.
I wish I could retweet and like this thousands of times!
Preach Tammy, preach!
Where is your #Medicare4All tweet? Don't let us down! I donated to you!
I'm afraid she's duck(worth)ing this issue. I really hoped our fantastic @SenDuckworth would listen to her state & support #MedicareForAll
I am out of state and donated to her...disappointed!
I understand. I voted for her without reservation. This will not sit well with me. #MedicareForAll
Why didn't Trump's sons serve? Imitating daddy?
Why should he? The US military is all volunteer.
Duckworth 2020!
That's not the http://issue.tax  payers are not paying to do then un do surgery.&all the mental health therapy that goes along with it
Then taxpayers shouldn't pay for viagra either. It works both ways. No boners for you if no healthcare for transgendered military personnel
Never used it but sounds like a great idea
Then petition to stop Viagara before whining about the already stopped transgender device members. Just a thought.
People need to get out of thier little world and not be so judgemental fear causes prejudice people need to learn to be accepting

Thank you so much for fighting along side me in the military and in supporting the constitution. Fit human beings should serve!SEMPER FI
And human being should have healthcare, regardless of their income @SenDuckworth
Amen
#Duckworth2020
You are amazing and appreciate all you do
SPEAK IT
So proud to have you as my Senator <3
Gee Tammy you must also support transgender bathrooms and having underage girls and boys nude in the showers as well?

why did you hire Anwan brothers for IT services and did you assist vetting them?
lol get that Russian crap out of here, comrade.
