Thank you General for your service and integrity.
Ok but racism is there.
That is not true.  Take a look at the California National Guard.  The National Guard maintained a deregulated pay policy that segregated blacks and whites.  No one talks about it.
#BlackHistoryMonth There is no remedy for institutional discrimination in the US military.  Nobody’s talking about a watershed event or an unresolved pay error in the US National Guard.  Black Twitter, please start asking questions about the 1st DoD financial audit in Nov. 2018.
Please inform ur commander-in-chief. Apparently he missed the memo on Values. And History & Racism & Hatred...Many memos have been missed.
Thank you
Condemn. Him. By. Name.
Sir, this is just not true! The military is one of the most racist institutions ever! And it was segregated until 1948. Should mention that!
In the future the year 2258 General #DonovanKnight fights to save mankind @MilitaryTimes  @USATODAY @USArmySHARP
Thank you.
Yes, racism is bad. But killing innocent people is good right? I think you're greatly confused .... @JulianAssange @JulianBurnside
You have no clue do you ... 
Most of those innocent lives are on the people running the countries that we are engaged in.
proud of our men and women in uniform!
As you'd expect from institution with such huge responsibility. However, as u r duty bound 2 carry out orders of a president.Stand up 2 him
US soldier's ate togerther with German "enemy" when black soldiers weren't allowed in that messhall. Banter Chief of Staff
Then why are so many military people voluntarily serving a racist WH? #fakepresident
Tell that to your Commander in Chief
This is true service, patriotism,and leadership.  (Not to mention obvious bravery.)Thank you,  General!

Alt-left, violently coming at the alt-right, circa 1944. 
You deserve our gratitude and support for your courage and commitment to equality and freedom for all. God Bless You!
This is not true. Seen it first hand
Yeah, well when the Commander In Chief tolerates (supports) all of those things, the goal posts have already changed. Whither America
Sir, your picture is being used to try to scam people! This person says he is you and working in the UN! Using Frank Milley!
So grateful for your strength of character on behalf of America.
What is going on with the #lavenajohnson murder??? NOT acceptable!
Please keep it that way since your boss is clearly giving aid and comfort to our internal enemy
You are correct Sir as a 28 year retired 1SG we made it known it will not be tolerated!!!! Hooha!!!
 White Soldiers are BAD when it comes to race, some of the worst I've ever encountered, like what you saw in #Charlottesville
Nothing is 100% perfect based on my 28 years of service I enjoyed every bit if as a senior leader I took action to stomp it out
Thank you for your service. Maybe you should've stomped harder & more frequently
Never had an issue in my 28 year of service and your welcome if giving the chance I'll do it all over again
Only one color in the Army, GREEN.
Uh huh
I say hooooah
Thank you Sir.
I'm glad but let's not pretend the military hasn't turned an eye to racism & more recently reports if sexual assault.
God bless the United States Army
"We know it existed in our past, it exists now. We continue work to prevent it from entering & festering & we remove it when it surfaces."
1775? Really?? Before the abolition of slavery?? If you do care about tolerance please show it with actions, rather than telling us the problem has already been solved since the 1700s
but you're still mustering out trans people? Come on.
History liberals and the kkk BLM suck they HATE they will continue to HATE
It tolerates rape hazing & attacks on newer, younger  FEMALE soldiers.
Isn't it more accurate to say this is a long learning process, not until 1948 when the army was de-segregated?
Exactly! Why grandfather was in a segregated unit in Europe in WWII. We couldn't get past our racism to fight NAZIs together!
We can't blame him for the sins of the past.  He spoke up today against Trump.  We should give him a little bit of credit.
Basic training in 95 we went to classes on how to avoid becoming radicalized by white supremacists. Still I thank him for his efforts.
Right, at least he spoke up!
And he's commended for it. But facts are facts. Even in this new factless generation.
@jaketapper @Amy_Siskind add this to the list. The Army speaks out! #hope
Then explain why millions of military voted for a racist?
Right on! Sir
NO trust in any of these obama admin. NONE OF THEM  CONDEMNED ANTIFA THUGS WHO R NOW DESIGNATED TERRIOST ORG.
@ZekeJMiller now let's get the honorable John Kelly to make more noise than a head hang
1775?
Absolutely concur. And we can't wait to pay the ransom in 2018 to set us all free from our kidnapper.
When the Army refutes their Commander in Chief, it's time to wake up @LindseyGrahamSC @SenatorTimScott @RepJoeWilson #25thAmendmentNow
Then, you have no faith in the military. Each branch released official statements informing the public they will not comply with the ban.
Proud I served in the Army. even moreso now. Thank you Sir, for still defending the values of our nation.
I too served in the #usarmy and would have been appalled if my Commander and Chief made such comments.
Your commander in Chief missed that memo.
Correction, his the Draft Dodger in Chief
Imagine if that was his biggest crime, what a lovely world.
He is the worst person ever.
Where were these values during the world wars?  I'm pretty sure that there were separate companies for African-American soldiers.
Thank you for telling the truth, General Milley.
Thank you, Sir! #TrumpResign  #Charlottesville
So why is the president of the United States doing just that
Nice sentiment. Not entirely accurate with respect to history, but still better than Donnie Two Scoops' statements.
No.... be honest. You mean since 1949 and the Korean Conflict. But I wholly agree, in principle, with the statement.
I am so disgusted by the decision that has endangered our loved Military of the judge that let Bergdahl free. There is no excuse for this. We must purge Obama holdovers to keep our men & women safe.
like during the Indian Wars?
Kind of disingenuousness, general, considering the army’s history.
So,umm.. how do you deal with the fact that your Commander In Chief upholds those values?
Unfortunately your ‘commander in chief’ feels otherwise
Right thought. Wrong date.
Then lead the charge. The Commander in Chief is nazi sympathiser. an extremist and he hates. What are you gonna do about it? #hollowwords
Really?
The US military considers white supremacy more of a threat than Isis
Glad one of my own is taking a stand!
We appreciate the Loyal Service to the Constitution by our Troops past and present! 
Thank you much! 
Thank you for Continuing to serve! It inspires all of us fighting Trump that Vets have our back!
Not all veterans
Agreed, not all Veterans honor the oath they took to defend the constitution.

Some would rather "stick it to the libtards". 

#Impeach45
I would like to know what unit you were with.
I could care less what you want. 

I see that you ask the same questions to everyone, lame tactic. Doesn't work on me.
How have you been received by the WH?  You are on opposite sides of the fence, as evidenced by their collective racism.
Yes, nor should we tolerate ISIS, or the weakening of our Military done under OBAMA! LGBT is no place for military readiness or to see if it will work! Obama didn't allow, and only sabotaged Trump in the end. Trump is a leader we TRUST & feel SAFE with. Thank you for not being PC
This is a joke, right...?
Since 1947 at best.
Good..then you do not support BLM, Terriost group Antfia, KKK, all groups started and supported by DNC..
Olá tudo bem eu perdi seu contato no horgut
What about sexism and homophobia?
Marvelous! When are you bringing them to West Virginia? I'll wait.
Since 1775, you say? Except all branches of the military were segregated until 1948. Also, sexual assaults are RAMPANT. AND, the near-compulsory christianity is unconstitutional. You’ve got problems you refuse to address, General-baby. Don’t be tooting your horn around here
. @ArmyChiefStaff - I'd check Twitter feeds if I were you. It seems rampant from some in the ranks.
@marcylauren Liar!  The army, as virtually all military groups, have a history of segregation.
glad to know you agree with President Trump who soundly denounced the White Supremacist group twice!
I'm afraid that the military will be called to do things against this nation.  Your message makes me feel more safe.  I trust the military.
I hate the fact tho that here on Twitter, I've seen some Trump supporters r in military. Sorry, it IS what I've seen & read in their tweets
The military has been predominantly GOP for many years.  It seems like a ritual.  There are MANY who no longer are & aren't afraid to say so
As more speak out others will join.  They need waking up.  With the highest ppl speaking out against this mess more will take courage.
Many military ppl are afraid to speak ostensibly against Commander-in-Chief.  With the Chiefs of Staffs speaking out it helps combat fear.
But do u know what I'm saying? I'm saying I've seen & READ lots of tweets SUPPORTING the Buffoon in chief and they are IN the military now.
Do you still name your favorite weapons systems after the indigenous nations you annihilated? Asking for a friend.
Great to think that our army fought and lost 300,000 soldiers freeing people from slavery. At the time slavery was almost universal too.
Commanders need more training on IDing extremist membership like The Oath Keepers and 3%. These scum are at every level & must be weeded out
Yes, just need to be careful not to antagonize non-white hate groups . . just need to focus on white hate groups.
All are prohibited under AR 600-20, more specific guidance is available in DA PAM 600-15.

I can tell you never boarded, Private.
I never did. You're right! Politically it would be smart for the chief to only publicly denounce white racists. Why disdain for privates?
"What's wrong with Privates?" -A question only asked by the most fucked up of Privates.
But it IS ok to silence MST victims and protect perps isn't it? Your "Values" don't include certain people do they?
I would have liked to see sexism get a specific mention there...
Ditto! Generic "hatred" just doesn't hit the mark.
There are many issues with displays of hatred within the army but I'm pretty sure sexism is most predominant
Their Commander and Chief recently showing us that he is at the top of that problematic pile mate.
Well it is Trump's America, after all
Ha! Very well put 
Thank you sir for this statement and your service to our country
Then have the guts to push back on this Trumped transgender ban. People who serve our country are heroes with regard to color,race, gender
Oh, except for the Indians. Wounded Knee, anyone?
Then transgender people fall into that as well. The discrimination and hate need to end everywhere.
In the meantime, take time to review this thread.
5/? We have 400 years of experience to know that the white perception of what is and is not racist is wrong. So stop doing this.
Well let's not go crazy here with this talk
Ha. This made me laugh.
For real.  1775?  Maybe chalk another 200 years on that to have a little bit of accuracy.

Be nice if Matis , McMaster , & Kelly had something left of their character also
Another Republican lie
Might not now, but it used to...
When were the services integrated? Stop your lying ass and acknowledge history. When we need some people killed we'll let you know.
Thank you!

Note: man said 1775. That's right.
If only the Marine corps had this model
Does this apply to @USArmy Capt. #JenniferPeace a #transgender woman w/ 13 yrs of military service, 2 combat tours. #American #hero #patriot
Apparently, so is actual history.
It's truly unfortunate that your commander-in-chief disagrees. @realDonaldTrump is no patriot.
@MsRuthedelaRosa Thank you Sir!  You are a Patriot and a great American.  God bless you and the USA!
I'm assuming Gen Milley @ArmyChiefStaff is agreeing with @POTUS! All hate including #Antifa America hate and violence!
Thank you Sir, Thank you for standing for American values and defending our freedom 
We support you.
How does the Army define extremism, general? You can't control how people think. The Army exists to make war, not to be politically correct.
Hoaah!! 
do you stand with Antifa & BLM who have incited Hate and racism?
lol
It applies to both left & right parties, even worst it may be hidden until there is no need to hide, no resistance, no patriotism YSE YGYT
(2) I sincerely hope her sacrifice for our country will be honored
Thank you General!
While the sentiment is right sir, you really shouldn't try to clean up history. Our history is dirty, the Army's too. Just don't glorify it.
Who asked?
If it's an American institution there's racism.
@ChristineStins6 For historical amnesia? Lincoln strategically said NO to slavery but signed off on largest hanging of Natives. Apologists.
Insubordinate to your Commander in Chief is more against what you stand for. Who trust you now?NOONE
DishonorableDischarge
Well that's just not true. You might have these values but US army has a well documented racist problem.
You night want to check out the tattoos some of your guys are sporting then.
Thank you, sir.
So, when 45 orders you to stand down while white supremacists are killing us in the streets, will you disobey? Will you defend us?
@realDonaldTrump Trump should resign.  @foxandfriends
The U.S Army was responsible for "exterminating" California Native People. The State & Fed Gov funded these killings 1846 #Genocide
Tell it to your commander in chief sir.
Stop glorifying soldiers and war people!!!
there is a lot of  people in the Army sorry to say...
Your whole mentions about to look like
Thank you, sir. The nation is counting on you and your fellow soldiers to uphold and defend the Constitution, and always do the right thing.
Unless its cisgendered white males?

Thank you so much for your voice of courage speaking against this evil cancer with Truth integrity and love, we love you too 
Thank you
Army Strong. Thank you Sir!
Thank you
Thank you sir! My Son is in the Military and I appreciate your speaking out.
#NoPlaceForHate
#Charlottesville
#HeatherHeyer
Or transgenders
The values of America are Christian values which Islam and others seek to undermine -
Then what's with the transgender policy?
Definitely a political agenda behind this tweet. I know people personally affected by racism in the Military. Racism is high in ranks w/ COs

thank you!! More TRUE Americans  need to stand against these NAZI TERRORISTS, including the president.
Thank you sir.My father flew Wellington&Lancaster's 
Bombed German Shops in Mediterranean
& SS town railways munition factory's
For freedom
Hero Father!
Trump would be drummed out of the army before the end of basic training.
You do now, considering Trump is your Commander in Chief.
Why are so many vets in these rallies?  Its alarming.  Maybe somekind of outreach would be helpful. Maybe they need group bonding?
So you dont support Your oath you need to resign you position.  trader!
Thanks for standing up for our values, like always.
Thank you for your leadership, and thank you for your service.
Was this tweet aimed at all of us or @potus?
Then you should stand up to @potus and tell him transgender people are an asset to the Army.His support of Nazis degrades WWII vets, my dad!
Thank you, my father was an Army veteran.
Free blacks in Revolutionary war weren't segregated. But from before Civil War to the 1950's the US military was segregated ...
And Slaves were forced to serve as confederate servants in the Civil War. ...
But given the earlier history, one could argue that principles did not support discrimination (if you exclude discrimination based on sex).
Women and trans men were not allowed to serve. Transwomen did serve-but as men.
I think your Commander-in-Chief might have missed the memo..? @realDonaldTrump
Krásná
Thank you Sir for your service! sure hope so because after all I worry about the military and who they serve our country or insane Potus?

While the sentiment is laudeable, it's also ahistorical. The ideals of today have not always been so.
Hope someone copied General Kelly so he can cite that in his resignation letter...today!!
Thank you General Milley...my father was in the US Army under General Patton...may he rest in peace...
Admirable, but the Army was segregated until 1948.
 This is a man of high moral character and leadership. Both of which is missing from our politicians. Thank you! And thanks for ur service
@nickolivari the rest if the country, world can't read? #Broadexpectation
So how can you tolerate a commander-in-chief who holds those views?
Yeah. You had me until the 1775 part.
Perhaps you and every service member should question the Nazi Sympathizer in Chiefs authority.
It's one thing to say these things. It's another to actually CALL OUT BY NAME our so called @potus. Enough is enough. Remove this mad man.
Yet U kill ppl of other races, kill because of beliefs different from your own & hate who ever you're told to hate.  #uspoli #nlpoli
When the Commander in Chief can't be bothered to take a stand, the military is once again out front protecting America. #LeadershipFailure
Thank you General.
@UsBleachers Any tolerance of Alt Rt is a insult to Soldiers who fought&died defending Democracy.
Thank you sir! This former Navy officer supports you.
Thank you general . You've been heard loud an clear sir
Ahem.
Amen
Yet you cannot mention trump. Useless tweet
thats good .now how about u stop play politics for Obama and be loyal to your president.
Uhhhhhhhhhh u sure bout that
Why are active military generals serving in 45's cabinet?
Except when it's your Commander In Chief.  #25thAmendmentNow
Native Americans reading this...
The army needs to show up against these Nazi rallies and put an end to them
Uhhh...Sir, you need to rethink this...
That's great! Thank you! So, now you'll call for the immediate removal of treasonous Nazi sympathizer & enabler @realDonaldTrump, right?
BS! There's still racism in the military in higher ranks and lower ranks.
#Trump,  see this.  NO REAL #AMERICAN agrees with your #WhiteSupremacy attitude #Grownup or return your #trumpcrimefamily to pri sec crime
Maybe someone could tell POTUS that.?  Just saying...
Thank you General Milley for speaking up for what is right!
Seems like naval intelligence doesn't share your high minded position.
Neither does President Trump!
You actually believe this shit?
HOOAH!
Then storm the castle + rip the racist evil out of the WH + the Hill. It is destroying America
Remind the Commander in Chief of that!
