What Donald Trump told James Comey about the Michael Flynn investigation, according to a memo Comey wrote http://nyti.ms/2ro9pEj  

She's a badass war hero, i wouldn't mess with her 
i had the honor of meeting her in person YEARS ago, & i am thoroughly in awe of her as a human being, woman, soldier, & public servant.
my dad is a retired Vietnam veteran pilot, so when he talks about @SenDuckworth's service & sacrifice, i get it. she's so strong.

We know, HRC sold uranium to Russia, got her brother the gold mining contract in Haiti, Flynn visited Russia in the OBAMA administration!
We know that obama WAS aware of Flynn taking Russia money in 2015. We know OBAMA renewed his clearance in 2016!
We know, the whole Obama administration LIED about Benghazi, we know obama ALLOWED the sale of centrifuges to IRAN. These r thing we Know.
We know HRC destroyed her Emails on her server and SMASHED her blackberry with a hammer. AFTER receiving a congressional subpoena.
These r the things we have EVIDENCE on. But no one got punished. Trump Russia? We have NO evidence.
Seriously... there's plenty just be patient. And politicians are thieves in my opinion. But DJT as corrupt as they come. Research his past.
I don't care about his past. He has NOT done ANYTHING ILLEGAL as President. We elected him knowing all about his past.
Senator you are bringing the snark game.
What part of this alleged administration have you missed? 
That's pretty generous of you to label yourself as deplorable. Are you a kkk supporter?
I didn't see any of them supporting democrats. The racists sure are out though ain't they?
It wasn't Democrats hanging nooses everywhere when Obama was in office
Show me the memo. No memo. Didn't happen.
#obamaduckworth2020
You're underselling the 7th one; that one had some brazen charm to it.
your the best  keep it up on trump
I believe all three will be "blame @BarackObama

if @realDonaldTrump wasn't a coward, he would face the world and speak himself, instead of some weasel of his doing it.
Don't. Work on impeachment and shutting down the Senate until McConnell wises up and agrees to an independent investigation. #TrumpTreason
What's your going to find is McConnell is also involved in the scandal.
It wouldn't surprise me. They changed their party platform to please Putin, after all.
#boytalk
Just make sure you get Comey in public to testify and help acquire the memo for release so all can see! Explanations form WH are worthless
Stick to the odd-numbered explanations, that way you need listen to only half of the contradictions
They'll get it right after the 15th excuse, ma'am. "Believe me"
Thnx Tammy! Keep pressing, mince no words, we got your back.  Do what you can to impeach tRump.  He is a threat to National Security!!!!!
I can't wait for the 2nd, 5th and 9th explanation of why this is #fakenews again.
There is no PROOF of this. Just a phone call from someone stating this. Why doesn't someone first present proof b4 making allegations
We r still eagerly waiting for u to present REAL EVIDENCE of ANY ILLEGAL Wrong doing.
Alll due respect, I eagerly await the inevitable- impeach him. Thank you for being sane about this I'm proud you represent me.
20th, 21st, 22nd, 23rd....
Yeah because Flynn was not guilty of anything
It sounds just like trump. Poorly worded, repetitious... that alone makes me believe it.
It will be interesting.
That's genius Senator lol
Proud to have given you my vote, Senator.
Thank you. I am one of your constituents, and I thank you for taking a stand on this.
i think we all are
SAVAGE. Thank you Senator. So proud to be your constituent.
@vegansaurus this will be an old news cycle in 3 days. Unless the GOP stops this now
Too funny and sad, but true
Well put Senator. Even Nixon said he did things, said I'm Not A Crook. Even had his head on the impeachment chopping block. #HistoryRepeats
Great tweet Senator!
They are too cowardly to actually act. Lip service is all we will see!
That's why this will be your last term. We've had Enough of the Obstructionist radical leftist progressives ideology .
The 7th ones have always been my personal favourites!
The explanations will be lies anyway! #TraitorTrump and his "Comrades" aren't capable of honesty.  #Putinspuppet #Russopublicans #traitors
Why don't you work on the budget or health care? The @realDonaldTrump has no personal business with Russia !!!  Do you?
America deserves so much better than Trump and his crooked cronies #ImpeachTrump #ObstructionOfJustice what is he hiding?
@nytimes I think 7 will be the best one, that's when he brings up the election again! #IndependentInvestigationNOW
It is disturbing how his staff has to give excuses for Trump while he stays indoors, hiding.
If this was a movie, "The Ego That Ate The Republic"
I am so happy to have you as my senator.
Like Star Trek movies, you should only pay attention to the even numbered ones.
So glad and proud my whole family voted for you!!!
Rumormongering is unbecoming. Smearing is all the @TheDemocrats have at this point. Sore losers.
Obstructionist! He has to be stopped!
At this point they're going to have to bomb someone to distract

Well put.

.@SenDuckworth .@SenateDems and I eagerly await the BS "evidence" you will provide that will show abosultely no tangible proof whatsoever.
Don't forget Trump's inevitable confession tweet!
I, for one, am getting tired of the "explanations" coming out of the WH.  How long B4 "I'm mad as hell and I'm not gonna take it anymore"?
You know I'm all for the documentation and getting things buttoned up to move forward. But this is taking long/every day added is damaging.
Well technically he asked he didn't order him to stop...until he fired him of course.
@SenateDems each more entertaining than the previous one...almost better than late night TV 
Is this the same Comey who saw no evidence to charge HRC, and got bounced from the FBI? Sounds like scorned woman syndrome to me.
@LOLGOP Not really. #EnoughIsEnough
NYT can't confirm the memo exists. So this is garbage until the next phase when we actually get the memo!
I eagerly await you, or any member of Congress, to do anything about it. Too bad you won't. #alltalknoaction

You're hilarious, too? I didn't think I could be more glad that you were elected to Congress :D

Post reports memo was shared w/ DOJ. If Sessions & Rosenstein knew this when they signed off on his firing, their positions aren't tenable. https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/864603554237034496 …
I'm looking forward to Trump's twitter.
How badly will his position have to deteriorate before someone puts the kibosh on his twittering?
So are we! Thank you for not letting this go!
They'll need some aloe vera for that ice burn
Thank you senator Duckworth. Please don't let this ticking bomb destroy us before he's fully investigated
Only prime-numbered explanations matter!
You are awesome!
Let Hillary go for what?
DRAG THEM!!
What can we do? I'm so frustrated!! Please keep holding their feet to the fire over this. Thank you.
Personally, I'm just looking forward to the tweet in which Trump admits to everything. You know it's coming.
