WTF! Is wrong with you Nationals Security comes before taking in unknown refugees I do Not want another Orlando or be like EU
The fucking ORLANDO shooter was a US Citizen. More White Christian Men have killed people than #Refugees
His father is a Radical Immigrant under CIA and FBI watch list 
Enough of your Bullshit it's 
#AmericaFirst #OrlandoUnited
Fact still remains, You are more likely to be killed by a #WhiteChristianMale than a #Refugee. That's a fact, jack!
You know what's a Fact sweetheart the ban is in Place @potus is your President & there ain't a damn thing you can do about it
Oh, and FYI. Jesus was a refugee.
they had to run Herod was killing babies like you insidious Liberal women do today to your own children You'd aborted Him

@POTUS is Finally looking out for the American People's safety this should of been done after 9/11 with Bush 
#AmericaFirst
what would you call Obama drone strikes? Peaceful?
Thank you and @SenatorDurbin for all and all resistance to this corrupt regime Stop trump, bannon & unqualified cabinet
I hope the Trump government finds a way to convict you and every other who let Obama  bomb 7 countries for shits and giggles.
Thank you for standing with and for immigrants!
So what do we do? How is the senate going to react? What do you need from everyday citizens to turn this around?
The rest of the world already knows America wants to be at war with everyone.  They know the truth and we are slowing learning
he owes them nothing he owes us secured borders and safe living get it straight traitor
we NEED for sane republicans to jump ship! Are there any SANE republicans?
Thank you for voting against Trump's immigration edict!
Thank you for being my Senator.  So glad I voted for you.
@SenDuckworth
Help us stand against Mr. Trump.
Is that what is being said? Really?
So tell us what are you going to do. You recall you were elected.
please run for president! You got my vote 
thank you for speaking out against Trump's EO which goes against our American values.
And now what are you going to do to get it changed?
Thank you
What trump is doing is just wrong. Don't let him get away with it.
Can we expect you to stop voting for Trump nominees & start witholding consent to everything? Or were these just pretty words?
please block every trump nominee and action. He is unfit to serve.
Resist this Administration.
Stand up to him for all of us.
@ActDontReact Please Senator, you and other Dems need to STOP Trump's sick agenda & Also Vote NO for ALL of  his nominees.
@JOBoomr YES!
What can be done?
What are you going to about this?
please take action and start the process to overturn his executive orders.
Actions. Please urge Dems to actively resist at every turn.
As one of your constituents, thank you for taking a stand & speaking out. Pls continue to do so often & loudly!
thank you Tammy. I hope you raise your voice loudly, beyond twitter, on this & the rest of Trump & the GOP's cruel agenda
Time for both sides to stand together and oppose this atrocious president. He is destroying the country, 1 EO at a time.
twitter is great & all, but how about you put up a fight in Congress? I bet @ACLU would be willing to consult on ways to fight
Great to hear of your support. Now please show leadership and propose counter measures to preserve our values
all talk no action. What are you actually going to do to protect the liberties of individuals from all faiths and origins?
thank you Senator.  As a @TodaysDAR, daughter of an immigrant & war hero, we need you to lead the fight against this #tyrant
I pledge Illinois to assist the refugees in our state - we are all humans #NoMuslimBan
agreed. Now please do what your voters have elected you to do and oppose this man's policies at EVERY OPPORTUNITY. Thank you
Thank you for this message!
thank you for your words. i proudly voted for you. what actions are you taking to fight this unamerican ban?
What actions will you and other Senators be taking to oppose and stop the #Muslimban?
Please do everything you can to stop this madness.
do something before we are all blown to kingdom come.
thank you Senator, please help us with ACTION! -your constituent
please vote no on all nominees #resist
Thank you for your words, @SenDuckworth, but what do you and your colleagues intend to DO to combat Trump's hateful and inhumane order?
Totally agree. What's the best way to support what you are doing? Keep fighting for us! We appreciate you.
then go do something about it. Demand that Schumer cut off this bonhomie with the madman in the oval
#ohare #protest at 6pm #TERMINAL5 
#NoBanNoWall #muslimban
Well we have been bombing their countries. It's not inaccurate.
so what are you doing about it? #contactyousenator
Glad you agree, @SenDuckworth - Please let us know what you are planning to do and how your constituents can help you. #muslimban
No he is telling terrorist don't even try.
Ok, so now what are you going to to do stand up and fight back? I notice these tweets aren't signed TD, either. What gives?
Okay so what are you doing about it?
Thank you for speaking out. Now we need action.
counting on you to do something about this! (Also @SenatorDurbin )
We need you to act, with your colleagues, quickly and forcely.
Weaken how? We had 6 terrorist attacks by extremists Islamic in Obamas last 4 years?
Sen.Duckworth, I am almost paralyzed with fear for my children & G'kids due to POTUS behavior. Can Dems push 4 psych eval??PLZ
. @SenDuckworth When will you introduce a bill that overrides it?
And are you on your way to O'Hare to do something about it?
"take the oil" + "if you help us we won't save you"  -  he  invites attack on troops in war zones. MUST call him out on this,
.@SenDuckworth You need to block everything Trump does, everything the GOP puts forward. You can't let us go down this road.
So why did you vote to confirm Trump's Homeland Security pick last week? He's the one who will be enforcing the EO.
@SenateDems & @HouseDemocrats Time2 DO SOMETHING! We R calling GOP reps, some R openly against Trump's plans. #Unite! #Resist!
We march, we write, we call. Where is the leadership from the Left? #ResistTrump! #Act! #Resist!
And please, NO means NO.
thank you, Senator. Are your staffers aware there are detainees at O'Hare right now? Demonstration at 6pm tonight.
Thank you, Senator! Please fight to overturn this unconstitutional, Islamophobic EO!
Thank you, Senator! Four years, I was mostly disconnected from politics. Today, I'm radicalized, and I have your back. FIGHT!
Then please stop voting yes to Trump's nominees like John Kelly!   We need you to help us!
and how many refugees are you hosting at the moment?
Thank you for your service and your willingness to #Resist We need people like you more than ever now #nomuslimban
it's ok to rape infidels.. look at Sweden .. please go walk those streets at nite . Let me know how that goes
.@SenDuckworth How are you going to help stop him?
.@SenDuckworth Yes to all of this. 

But what are we going to DO about it?
Agreed. You and the rest of Congress need to ACT. And stop voting Yes on his appointees for God's sake.
