Pres. Trump on Charlottesville: "There's blame on both sides...you also had people that were very fine people on both sides." 
You cannot call yourself a patriot and be a racist, neo-Nazi white nationalist at the same time
If @realDonaldTrump cannot—or will not—recognize the threat white supremacists pose to America, true patriots must ask what side he is on
Tammy you need to run for president, you are an American hero and far more poised than this low life president
You just better ban BLM and ANTIFA and any other group of the same race majority.  Shame on you Duckworth you won t have my vote again.
She never had your vote.
Should make all a terrorist,  there's no time for justifying one is better than the next they all cause hate and create a dived.
BLM and Antifa fight against fascist racism white supremacist pigs endorse it... they are not the same
Check out @StockMonsterUSA's Tweet:
Antifa burn AMERICAN flags in Seattle Yesterday amidst more of their continuous mass violence, vandalism and chaos!! 
Tammy.  Normal people were trapped by two horrific groups. Then the history lovers are being persecuted because 2 or 3 hate groups took over
There were terrorists on both sides.
You are talking about BLM and ANTIFA also  aren't you Senator???
Please do everything you can to put a stop to this madness.

Hey donald this is for you! Bon Appetite!
Trump is not a fine person.
He didn't say the terrorists were.....We was referring to both sides of the debate over the statues/veteran memorial/headstones.
Drag him Tammy. 
They represent a fraction of our society. A hateful group of people with a very narrow definition of who qualifies to be accepted by them.
Kind of like he's a fine person. Which isn't fine at all.
Concur resoundingly!
HOOAH! 
Do whatever you can to get this crazy racist out of the White House.  He is not well and needs to go.
Maybe you need your hearing checked, or go to school to understand verbage , without twisting its meaning. God bless President Trump.
One of these fine people said: don't think u can feel about race like I do & watch that Kushner bastard walk around w/ that beautiful girl"
Or call on Trump to resign, since he is NOT the leader of all Americans.  He is only the leader of the fascist fringe.
@TheDemocrats need to call for Trump's impeachment.  Fancy, feel good statements condemning racists are meaningless without action.
Let me introduce you to Republican majority house leader Mitch McConnell
This diseased White House has been infected since 1940s and half are still there like old dragons breathing fire at the bidding of Donors
The GOP in Congress who refuse to remove Trump & white supremacists from The People's House are not "fine people."  GOP no better than Trump
Why is he never held accountable for the outrageous things he says?
In your opinion. However one group had a permit to be there and the other did not. The other went looking for a fight. They true terrorists
But you had in this men hidden face of ku klux klan? This terrorist killed a innocent young lady other black teenager almost Got lynched!
@SenatorDurbin 
Trump threats of violence 2 people at DNC says he has hit many ppl in past
UNFIT 
#RemoveTrumpNOW 

https://youtu.be/0vGkRpOeBzo 
I think you mean they struck anger not fear. A real patriot is angered at the vile disrespect being perpetrated toward our tenuous democracy
When he said fine ppl on both sides he didn't mean the killers! Come on get you head out of ur A**
Huh!?  Very fine white supremists, KKK, Neo- Nazis? Wtf. We get where you stand- pls shut up now.
And yes they were both at fault unlike what happened in other cities where they burn down stores and beat people up for no reason
Maybe people don't speak English  what Trump said makes sense #maga no matter who u r in the USA u can protest that's called freedom
He never they were. Your pathetic.  Stop the constant bullshit attacks. Your so fake at this point.  You should step down.
Senator, there were people there who simply didn't want to rip down historical monuments. Are you calling them racists?
Where those the ones carrying torches chanting #BloodandSoil or carrying swastika flags?  Where were these humanitarian white nationalists?
I belive he said both sides were at falt and have good peaple on both sides except you . You twist the story to your likeing
Hey @SenDuckworth It is with assumption you think all people there that weekend were bent on terrorism...you just made an a^* of yourself!
Thank you!
To be fair you have to look at it from @realDonaldTrump 's perspective. Nazis probably think other nazis are fine people.
These "fine" people beat on Clergy the night b4 with their tiki torches...i am repulused by this repugnant POTUS....
He never said they were! He was talking about ppl separately protesting removal of statue. Had nothing to do with those groups! Dishonest!
Time for fine people of color to take up arms and band. Doing nothing leads to oppression and slavery!!
Why haven't we  this mother f*cker yet? Talking nonsense, Goes to show we clearly have failed as a country in electing his ass.Smh 
And neither is the illegitimate goon in the White House who supports them
that's not what he said tammy
Phine Peepul
Disgusting  remarks. He breathed life to David Duke. Neo nazi lover. He sticks up for them. How ugly.
Tammy, please. The Patriots are the Republicans.  Antifa are the terrorists.
U mean Antifa and BLM right?
I feel that It is disrespectful to my Grandfather, 82nd airborne, who fought in Normandy! That our President is now defending American Nazis
Grow up! Don't take things out of context. But then again, that's what u Dems do ALL the time . SMH
So she picks out what she likes and twists it to become something it was never said.  That's a Senator for you!
Trump is really to stupid to realize that he's an idiot.
Agree. Disorderly conduct unreasonable act to alarm or disturb another & provoke a breach of peace. If KKK marched near me SERIOUS clash.
KKK public display IS the EPITOME of DISORDERLY CONDUCT.
People traveling to Charlottesville for a KKK rally are NOT nice people. Hate filled violent people
Neither are these terrorists.
Trump thinks "fine people," who want a symbol of Confederate slave states removed from a public park, are as culpable as racists who don't.
OTHERS THERE
#ACTUALLY FROM
#CHARLOTTSVILLE

#YOU SAYING
#HeatherHayer ?
Lady Tragically Killed~
WAS #NOT A
#FINE #PERSON ?
Her #Friends ?
No one who marches as a Nazi or proudly beside the Nazis is a "fine person"
Why are you tweeting a video of one of them?
Please impeach him!!! You can do it!!!
Yes, I am a resident of Illinois. I live in Cook County. And YES!! I did vote for you.
Which is why he wasn't referring to those terrorists. Specifically the ones who weren't terrorizing people, actually.
Nor are the enablers or apologists for said terrorists, even if they sit in the Oval Office!
Let's be clear, most of us are pissed off, not afraid. We will not be intimidated by thugs and Nazis.
Impeach him.  He is unfit.
They do have the right to assemble and say what they want even if it's hateful and ignorant. Just like the minority groups that spew bs.
That is not what he said and you know that! You are the one race baiting and propaganda spreading! #shameonyou
The very reason WWII was fought has come to our country & seems has some how got into our White House impeach and give us back America
Are biggest threat is not NK!
It is the insane buffoon in office. 
DEAR #GOP
news alert 
#NOTMYPRESIDENT 
IS NOT GOING TO CHANGE!!!!
Senator Duckworth, can we count on you to censure Trump's remarks today? Move from rhetoric to action?
The KKKand these white supremacist groups are useless trash that nobody pays any real attention to.
You know trump says everyone one he knows is a fine friend, man the best
Please, make him go away.
There is blame on the left for violence and the right
Do not dare call yourself a Christian if you think people protesting about Nazi's & White Supremacists r in the wrong
GOP coming 4 Catholics
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachTrump
Yup. And we do
1/Those two words alone ought to be enough to impeach & convict this moron....he ought to join that "fine person" sitting in jail charged...
2/...with murdering an innocent protestor of the racist hate of the other "fine people".
@POTUS said there "very fine people" there. Considering #HeatherHeyer was there surely you agree with him. Right?
Ah so the 4th Reich are fine people, sure good job Trump. Thanks for sympathizing with your granddaddy Hitler!!
Does this man evaa stay in a straight line when he speaks!? One day he condemns, the next day he says both are to blame?! WTF!
He didn't say "those people" were! Guess you're to ignorant to understand!
No, they sure aren't. But neither are we on the left scared of them. We're coming for them.
Anyone who's racist is scum I don't care if you're white black yellow it doesn't matter and there are some in every race
They shut the site down for that racist! If they can see this is wrong why can't you? There are no good racist
Very fine people on both sides? I don't see go fund me shutting down the account for the woman who lost her life!!
Do you LISTEN?  Trump said same: "and i'm not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists. They should be condemned totally."
That remark alone shows how truly ignorant he is. #impeachTrump
Duckworth 2020 baybeeee!
Go Tammy!!!!
Sad thing is most republicans including GOP senators and GOP congressmen agree with Trump
Nazis are not fine people. Ever.
Time to talk some sense into GOP.
America wants 45 to resign NOW.
stop with your liberal, out of context rants already! Start doing something for Illinois veterans already like you promised
#ImpeachTrumpAndPence today. #LockThemUp
Good for you, very happy I did vote for you. Keep looking out for us vets, thanks. I have no doubt what side he is on.
Nice SpiN! But The @POTUS was not referring to Terrorists or Nazis or White Supremacists but some civilized people who were also there
Not everyone there was violent some of them were peaceful protesters on both sides deal with it
Your antifa thugs who have been burning and destroying our cities - they are the fine people, right?

Thank you!  #MySenator  #NotMyPresident
This man makes me so upset, I cannot even listen to his voice.
Or see his ridiculously tiny hands....
So everyone who wants the statue to stay is a terrorist? Where is your condemnation for the Alt Left BLM and Antifa? Silence is acceptance!
every one who demonstrated to keep statue stood shoulder to shoulder with racist nazi's terrorist, you have picked your side. own it.
If you cannot see the difference you must have been carrying a shield and torch.
there are no "fine" nazi's

you stand with people who carry the nazi flag, the alt left is as real as fake news. You have to live with you. In your heart you know truth
They were nazis. And the POTUS now seems to count himself among their number. 

#25ththe45th
No They Are Evil ROS
Amen! Keep fighting this man!
