As someone who fought to defend this nation, I’ve seen firsthand the price we pay for our dangerous dependence on foreign oil
We should be encouraging the use of USmade renewable fuel&protecting #RFS not appointing people like #Pruitt who helped big oil sue the #EPA
As a mom of a toddler, I was shocked that #Pruitt was unaware that there is no safe level of lead for children at his confirmation hearing
Lead in our water supplies is a serious problem for kids in IL which is why we need an #EPA that will proactively prevent crises like #Flint
Unfortunately, #Pruitt's record of filing lawsuits undermining the #EPA’s ability to carry out its mission doesn't inspire much confidence
Sen. Duckworth Trump seems unstoppable by current measures. Our country will be dismantled.  Stronger measures are needed.

I'm very proud of you Sen. Duckworth.
proud to have you represent our state, Tammy! Keep kicking ass!
Thank you Senator, we need your courage, your voice and your fighting spirit.  Many of us are frightened.
I'm in OK and wish you had been successful!
If I posted that I went to work & did NOTHING but try to stop everyone else from progress, I would get fired & so should you.
Thank you!!
You wasted ur time. EPA 15000 employees scratching @$$3$ holding up progress. Can NOT depend on Arab states oil EPA a fraud.
Bravo.
@VirginiaHolbert thank you, but please DEMAND a bipartisan investigation in to admin's ties with Russia
Thank you from one of your constituents. Please keep fighting the good fight.
thank you for fighting Pruitt. Keep fighting the good fight.
Thank you!!!
Sound like you wasted an hour. Add it to the 8 Obama Years Schumer & Dems wasted. Get something done w/Rep or just stay home.
Thank you. 
We don't need extralegal federal bureaucracies. Pruitt will follow the law..that'll be a nice change in Washington.
thank you Tammy! #Persisterhood
That's because you do your job and represent your constituents. Thank you.
thank you!
And he is leading EPA anyway. Now don't you feel like a fool.
thank you for your passion & perseverance
we're incredibly honored to have you represent us in the Senate! THANK YOU!!!!
thank you for trying - so glad your voice is there to represent mine!
thank you
Good job! Hopefully there will be something illegal in those emails to get him ousted!
Thank you, Senator. I am proud and grateful that you represent Illinois so well.
.@SenDuckworth, thank you!
Thank you Senator. Please keep fighting for us. We must protect our water supply from big industry who don't care
Thank you 
thank you senator (from one of your voters)
can't believe people value money over clean water and air
thank you
thank you for opposing the lump of coal called #Pruitt , too bad our democracy has been usurped #pruittemails
Thanks for trying Another disappointing confirmation. Please #persist
Sad that you wasted an hour of your life, Senator.  Wish sound reasoning could make a difference these days.
Thank you. Keep up the good fight.
Thank you Senator Duckworth! I am very proud to have you represent our state!
thank you but now what????
I hope you reach across the isle to get some republicans to speak out against him as well! Thanks for all you are doing!
Thank you for trying and for bringing up important points about Pruitt being an inadequate choice to lead the EPA
Thanks for all your hard work!
thank you Senator.
Thank you for putting up a fight! 
Amazing job!  Sorry sight to see GOP sold their morals to CU.  Tuesday will tell.  
keep up the good work. ND and WA voters need to re-evaluate  their senators that voted for Pruitt? Are you kidding me?
so grateful to you, my senator. Thank you for having Illinoisans' backs!
Thank you Senator Duckworth for fighting for the American people and for the people of Illinois. #resist
well done Tammy!
@CitizenActionIL Thank-you, Sen Duckworth
Thank you, Tammy. Keep up the good work. #ShePersisted
Thanks Tammy. The fight continues.
Thank you!
thank you, Senator!
thank you for your effort.
let them know we will not stand for #Pruitt #duVos or any of the rest of the #SwampCreatures
Typical behavior from the senator from chicago. Because you don't represent the rest of the state!
maybe you shouldn't have been drinking all that dangerous Flint water that the Democrat policies caused.  GO #Pruitt .
and now you have to tell people about it? Let me guess. NO ONE CARES WHAT YOU THINK.
and now what? #DUH #stupid #clone
thank you. For trying
@smsg1234 he'll get confirmed but Thank you for trying.  I am horrified by what Trump and GOP are doing w/ regs and the EPA
.@SenDuckworth Please run for president!
@TXsnark7 Thank you, Senator Duckworth!!
Thank you for fighting for us. #resist
thank you for being vocal about this!!
Here is your gold.
thank you for fighting against his confirmation
Thanks for trying. Dems need to fight GOP voter suppression efforts and purging of voter rolls and uniform vote rules&machines
THANK you for trying.  Thank you for caring.  We appreciate your efforts.
Thank you for speaking up!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for your efforts to prevent this man from getting this job.
Thanks for your efforts to protect our environment.
Thanks for trying @SenDuckworth
And just Why did you do such a deplorable thing like that
well whooping do.
thank you for the effort. It is appreciated
thank you for representing your constituency so well!  I am proud to have been able to vote for you (finally!)!
It's astonishing that most of the GOP is completely unconcerned about the planet. Thank you for your service. <3
Thank you. I watch most of it.
thank you for fighting for America!
this is what a patriot looks like! Thank you, senator
pls, keep fighting the good fight for us. Thank you! #resist
Thank you. Keep fighting and speaking for us.
thank you
Thank you!
you wasted an  hour 
Shame that he got approved, keep up all the hard work
Thank You! Let's do more with Ethanol from Illinois corn + soy!
Thanks. Let's put Illinois businesses on notice that they'd better not think they now have a license to pollute.
yes, agree 100%. Illinois needs to uphold and improve its own enviro laws.
Thank you
