NO trust in any of these obama admin. NONE OF THEM  CONDEMNED ANTIFA THUGS WHO R NOW DESIGNATED TERRIOST ORG.
In this  racially charged environment, hv U considered maybe it was the five that put slurs up to gain advantage into the Academy?
: This is what America has become since the time of the new POTUS. We're all here to stay. No other home
Amen
Gen.Goldfein,  I laud your speaking out in condemnation of racism, extremism, and hate.  I thank you for speaking out, sir.
Please find that person or persons and punish them, by kicking them out of military life. That's an Order! General Sir.
Bully for you.Your job is to stand for,USA CIC, not to make political statments. If were 
@potus you would be stripped.
Glad you support DJT as he denounced all hate groups including White Supremacist multiple times wks ago
I dealt with the same racism 20 years ago in the air force... nothing was done then i doubt anything will be done 20 years later! #justsad
Thank you!
you full of schit, cuz it was racism when, my moms served!
Thank you for telling the truth, General Goldfein.
Thank you
Your statement needs to actually use the words "race" or "racist" for it to have any impact here. This is next to useless.
Because I guarantee - the offending airmen feel "strong together" enough in their own cohort of racists that they did think this was OK.
Thank you, sir! As a dependent of a career Air Force intelligence officer I find our commander-in -chief dangerous and demoralizing!
Thank you Gen. Dave Goldfein for your support. We salute you. #Airmen
USAF Vet proud of you and fellow Chiefs.  I served under Nixon, hard times.  You have to fly at a higher altitude, god speed. Respectfully.
now a one of peoples passed, you want to speak out? We told you about the anti-Blackness I guess we were lying! I'm
Thank you Sir!   #NotMyPresident
Speak out against hate sir . This is a weak statement and as @usairforce family - never expected anything but courage and leadership here .
Would you please March over to the wh together & excise the enemies in it?
That would be a military coup. This needs to be handled by civilians.
I agree.... unfortunately... and the #GOP seem to have no lack of ability to excuse horrible behavior.
That would take cajones, and they can't come up with a pair between all of them.
Enjoy your day, sitting there, probably doing less than nothing
If you stand together then please stop the racism within your ranks.  Thanks.
Than you Sir.
 and #airwomen
Thank you!
You are Great
Awesomeness
Where was your rage against BLM? Black Panthers? So glad I am out of this military - I am ashamed of you. MAGA
You make America proud, God bless America.

What @SenatorCardin fails to mention is 20 years in prison if you support a UN or EU boycott of Israel or settlements. #BDS #RighttoBoycott https://twitter.com/US_Campaign/status/899734706576609280 …
*airpeople*. So close.
Glad to hear you decry all hate groups including BLM,,Antfia, KKK...all DNC supported GPS!  Good job!
Thank you Sir. Your powerful words are vital and bring hope in darkness. Thanx for reminder that you serve US constitution and all citizens
Stronger Together. I think I've heard that somewhere before. Yes,  I'm sure I have. I like it.
@CNORichardson @GenRobertNeller @ArmyChiefStaff @ChiefNGB 
Thank U 4 standing together w your fellow chiefs. No to racism; Yes to tolerance
Thank you General Goldfein for standing up against those that try to divide us!  Proud of you and our Air Force.  Diversity makes us great!!
Thank you for your leadership, and thank you for your service.
Thank you Sir!
STRONGER TOGETHER, Where have I heard that? 
Your commander-in-chief today advocated for war crimes against Muslims.
Thank you standing up against racism!
My Father served 22 years!
thank you for speaking up Sir!
Give him a dummy Nuclear code box.  He is clinically insane & a danger to himself & others.
Protect us...
"Stronger Together"-that's catchy!  #StillWithHer
As a Air force  Veteran  1965--1969  you showed the bravery and love of American values I would expect of a Commander of the Air Force
Thanks for this.
Thank you for your integrity, from an Air Force wife of 25 years.  Aim High.
This release is a little too tepid for the leadership I expected from the CSAF.
POTUS also said we're stronger together.
No word from Joint Chiefs if they oppose ongoing JimCrow "separate & unequal" #VoterSuppression of DC citizens in US military. #DCstatehood
That saying cost Hill the election.. apparently
Thank you for standing up for military and American values and thank you for protecting America. You give great comfort.
As a once USAF airman (as well as USAF brat) thank you for your tweet. Interesting times, not all covered by the handbook. 
well said- I'm a USAF EOD Mom - and so proud of my son who is serving in his 9th year.
Then why haven't we acted like it?
Thank you General for your words and service!! You make us proud!! God Bless!!
Use "all that power" to rid your nation of the criminals that run it and the false ass media than!
I sincerely hope that when the time comes, and it will, you will do the right thing sir.
Thank you sir, signed. #ArmyVet
@nonniejean3 Trump is mentally challenged, something's very wrong with that guy. It's a dangerous time with him in Oval Ofc
TY Sir #TheResistance #VeteransResist
Please remember that when your commander-in-chief orders you to turn your weapons on his enemies, the "extreme leftists."
Thank you Sir.
The very VERY least you could do, sir. You need to call out 45. Period.
Agree. I lead a sheltered life thanks to the great work you and your team are doing. Thanks for the great service.
Thank you General!!
do you stand with Antifa & BLM who have incited Hate and racism?
Thank you so very much, @GenDaveGoldfein.
As a USAF veteran, I'm thankful for @GenDaveGoldfein's & other COS' leadership in an otherwise-vacuum.
Does that mean that you're against cop killers BLM & anarchist Antifa?
Amen
Thank you.
Apparently you don't stand too close...
2. @GenDaveGoldfein support trump. I can't trust your words. I don't trust the military.
you were quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
You tweeted Hillary Clinton's losing campaign slogan. Sedition by an Obama holdover? You should be disciplined, removed. Very dishonorable.
Thank you  for  standing  up!!!
This is a truism, but against who? Who is your enemy or ally? The government or citizens? Let that settle in a bit.
Good job cucking your entire military branch
Do you vow to disobey when Trump tweets that blacks and jews won't be allowed to serve, or will you betray them like you did transgenders?
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. 

~Edmund Burke~
Hero list appointment 
The Navy, Army and Marines beat you on courage here! Does the Air Force still tolerate racism, sexism and hatred? Say so!
weak and non-committal. Sjow some guts, General! It is past time!
Yell at Trump to get down and give you 500 push-ups.
You should then stand against ANYONE who supports intolerance, Nazi ideology, and hatred.
Thank you for this statement and your service Gen. Dave Goldfein.
Thank you!
Did u condemn when BLM marched *& chanted "What do we want? We want dead cops?" U R hypocrite. Stop riding the liberal lies
thank you General Goldfein
Thank for showing moral leadership and standing up against intolerance, bigotry, and antisemitism.
Thank you!
you were quoted in an article by @USATODAY
I applaud your comment but your CIC is a racist & a bigot, now what?
THANK YOU!
--America
That is a statement from a true leader. An inclusive and open minded professional who inspires those he leads. Thank you for your service!
Thank you!
Please resist any frenetic order from the unbalanced leader
Please support the American people 
Trump's so erratic he scares us!
Thank you.
THANK YOU GENERAL!!!
Please remove Mr Trump
#25thAmendmentNow
Thank you for your leadership and service.
I see what you did there
Bless you
Thank you sir!
Thank you. My father joined Army Air Corps in 1940... proud to be an Air Force brat.
Salute you sir!!!
I think I remember someone else saying "stronger together."  Well said!
Thank you Sir for your service and moral leadership.
Thank you for standing for the people unlike our #POTUS as a branch that has vowed to protect us from all enemies foreign and domestic.
thank you Sir for showing what real leadership looks like- it helps fill the vacuum of Trumps failure @realdonaldtrump
God bless you.
@GenDaveGoldfein and these men and women know what they are talking about. they have been there. 
Yes, #StrongerTogether
"Stronger Together". Has a nice ring to it doesn't it?
Now general, what about those immoral orders that r coming down the pike from monster trump?  R u going to have backbone on those?
AMEN
Thank you!

Thank you for your service in protecting America! Our military is the best! @GenDaveGoldfein
Would you please all get together and stand up to the communists who are attempting to destroy your country. Already erasing your history.
A sincere, "Thank You," General.
Thank you so much for being on the right side of history.
Stronger together. If only someone had mentioned that before. Wait…
Thank you for your leadership!
Thank u!
Against all enemies foreign and domestic.  Do your duty
Thank you. Do you want to be our president?
Thank you sir!
Thanks for this - something our Commander in Chief needs to learn
Aim High, sir, Aim High!

Reminiscent of Howard Hughes in his elder years..... https://twitter.com/elongreen/status/897993947225759747 …
And????  Say it!
"Stronger together!" Yes!
Nicely said.
Thank you. 
'Stronger together' - - - now, where have we heard that?
Hummm, that statement sound vaguely familiar...oh ya, it was what Hillary said "Stronger Together" versus Donnie's " I alone can fix it".
There you go-the General is also #StillWithHer
Thank you! I am a very proud Air Force Mom.
Thank you for standing up for what the men and women of the United States Air Force believe!
ThankYou General 
You chiefs would not comment without clearing with Mattis. He can't say much, trying to stay in place for the good of the country.
I am very happy to hear that I had the honor of been a friend to General Lucious D Clay Jr and know that he lived with his world only
I was raised in the Air Force. I've always respected the military. Thankyou for this statement & thankyou for your service.
@kharyp Stronger together has a nice ring to it.  @HillaryClinton
And thank you for your service General.
Thank you sir for validating my 35yrs of commitment to such a fine institution @usairforce
Except not the blacks and Jews, right?
Thank you, sir.
Thank you for taking a stand against racism and hate, sir.
Thank you sir for your statement and your service
@GenDaveGoldfein If you stand by your remarks, why are your #USAF airmen commenting they wish "way more had been run over" on the video?
Invoke the #25thAmendment than.
Thank you for your service and your convictions.
thank you for your service and thank you for your honesty
Thank you, General Goldfein! Regards.
Kinda wish you'd mentioned the threat we're talking about of white supremacy, but points for using Hillary's slogan.
Thank you for this - it helps to know we have not been abandoned.
As a fellow Philmont Ranger, I appreciate your comments. As a former USN sailor and DoD employee, I share your oath to the Constitution.
Very important statement. This man has it together.
At this point words are not enough. What ACTION will you take?
Thank you for keeping us safer, the American public knows you serve and are not aligned with the racists in the WH.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you, sir.
I think a really smart woman said we're #StrongerTogether. It's too bad so many people didn't listen to her.
Absoluely! I salute you sir as a fellow #airman. Divided we cannot stand and will certainly fail #unitedasone #airforce #onetogether
Thank you for your service to our country General, and thank you for this statement. As an AF vet it makes me proud to read this.
Thank you.
Thank you for your service.
Thank you!!!!   I feel safer already!  The fact that I have never felt unsafe or fearful, scares the hell out of me!
Thank you for affirming we all Stand together against this vile attitude and hatred. Unfortunately, DJT is on other side, vile and hated
Thank you for standing up for ALL Americans. We need to see this kind of strength from our leaders.
Glad to see my USAF represent!
Thank you for your defense of American values
Thank you
Thank you, @GenDaveGoldfein .
"Stronger Together". . .now where have I heard that before? Oh yeah-but the emails. . .! #StillwithHer
That is a Foreign Language to the president.  He has just given the wink and nod to Nazis, KKK. alt right white supremacist.
Thank you, Sir. #AimHighAirForce
Thanks for standing up!
Do you accept that the left supports violent antiamerican communists antifa and are you against them?
GenGoldfein, I have written to you & the other Joint Chiefs of Staff before. 
YOU KNOW, YOU CANNOT ALLOW THIS TO CONTINUE!
STOP IT NOW!
Damn weak pantywaist reply.
Proud of my Airman. Proud of the Air Force. Proud of your statement. Thank you.
Thank you for using Hillary's campaign slogan. #butheremails
My grandpa ret af maj gen'l served w the 412th & 95th during WWII & I know he would be against neo-nazism taking root in the USA now.
Please lobby Congress to put legislative-branch checks on nuclear attack.
Thank you.
Fingers speaketh... heed his words.
