Yeah and your pony lost! Talking is better than ignoring.
The American people have lost. DT adm is scandalous and an embarrassment to our country
Great job parroting talking points there Peggy.
Great job being a typical trumped Rodd

Sad Anderson Cooper Were in for some Darker Days
Felt like a dog and pony show? Keep your private life private please.
Get used 2 being jerked around; nothing like apprentice prez. So much sh_t, there's dog/pony hidden somewhere. Bad acting Kabuki theater.
That's why I didn't watch.  Just as I predicted:  left wing Trump hate #fakenews #duckworthless
Duckworthless describes her perfectly!
Dog and Pony show.? What are you going to say if #NorthKorea bombs the West Coastal towns?Your a disgrace to #AmericaFirst . #FridayFeeling
That could depend if your are or not in the security loop. Some say it was meaningful, so what does that mean for these comments?
Oh a farm then how nice I'm sure sen duvkworth felt right at home. ? I wonder if barrack ever invited all senators to a briefing? NOT
You seriously didn't expect it to be anything else, did you?  Another ploy for attention on Trump's part.
Std mil phraseology used by the Sen; that said, NK has the free World's attention for sure - should neither be politicized nor trivialized.
your politics are showing
This meeting was a reality show episode. Lights, cameras and senators riding on buses like school children. They were sucked into his world
There is no need to have lying airheads on your show to dumb down the conversation. Fire McEnany, Lord and Dennard now!
Thank you for the truth and all of your service!
Bernie called it!  Just a photo op for the lunatic in charge!
That's what it was. Exerting his power to put the Senate in their place.
Power trip!  He probably watch on CNN,  the Senate pile on buses. Oh the power he wields!
Agreed. I wonder how the 54 Republican Senators feel about being jerked around for Trump's childish power trip. They must see thru this too.
I don't think so because it's still all about the party
Heard her this evening on Hardball.  You rock Senator Duckworth!   Illinois is lucky to have you representing their interests in Washington
Thank You for your honesty.
What would you be doing otherwise?  Nothing !
You wouldn't know a dog and pony show if it jumped up in your lap and liked your face, Rookie. Shut up and listen. @SenDuckworth #cnn
LoL
So instead of 4 officials coming to you in a already secured location....ha ha.
Everything this administration does is for show only - no substance
Sore losers do not want our president to be successful... true headline... sad for america
Just a total dog & pony show!
But Trump got everyone to come to him. Mission accomplished - it stroked his Ego!
Why does this woman have such an attitude?
Maybe because she lost her legs defending our country and now has to go be lectured about stuff she already knows by a buffoon, all for show
Fake news
Too bad Dems have absolutely no wherewithal to deal with an immense threat like the one we are facing. Thank god we have real leadership.
CNN is a big JOKE!
Evacuating the SENATE to maybe bug WHERE SENATE INVESTIGATIVE COMMITTEE MEETS, while all the senators are gone?TRUMP has to hear findings
You may be right there!
Because no-one has a clue about North Korea in this administration
So much respect for @SenDuckworth
SHe'd know a dog show when she sees one!!
.... surely a security risk in itself putting all Senators on buses together????
Yes.
It course,  he's a drama queen
"Business as usual at the White House," in other words.
Wonder what the security push back concerns were while loading the entire Sen. into buses-all 4 a dt power trip. He commanded-they submitted
Senator Duckworth, you're doing a fine job of exposing disingenuous Donald. Illinois thanks you for your hard work.
Oh you should be so proud to have that on the news for the world to see about YOUR COUNTRY ...TRAITOR
Give it up CNN try supporting your country 4a change and quit trying to make this nation look worthless in other countries eyes .. traitors
The king bid for his pawns...and they came a runnin'
She's a Senator?  I think she is a trick and pony show!!!
what an idiot! Giving out all confidential info! Get rid of her
The democrats are the dog and pony show
Dems-GOP doesn't put Republicans in Office
Dems who dont VOTE put Republicans in Office! Back ALL Local/State/US candidates in 2017, 18, 20!
True but don't forget abt the corrupt DNC
I was really worried when they all piled on that bus.  Maybe I watch too much Designated Survivor.  @ABCDesignated
You are the dog lady
Word @SenDuckworth. Word.
She's just whining because someone made her go to work today. Waahhhh!
Trump is the dog...riding the pony Congress right into the ground....and taking America with them!
What would b convenient have 3 to 4 speakers go 2 Capitol 2 speak r have 100 senators go 2 WH for 2 hr speech This WH loves spending tax $$$
I wouldn't have even gone. If they have something to say to the Senate they can do so at the Senate.
Ask the Senators themselves. It was a staged photo op and nothing more.
Liberal Democratic Senator from Illinois was way in over her head at this meeting. AC you just seem to want our country to fail...true?
@senduckworth Senator, I appreciate you tremendously.
Who didn't see this as nothing more than a PR stunt going in?
Both house and senate were puppetized by wh.  What fools you have become.  Fool me once...
Smoke and mirrors; dog and pony; first president to appoint SCJ in 100 days(huh?); all a scramble to look like they know what they're doing
Your mind was made up before you went. Special interest groups are your driving force. Be honest for once. You too Anderson!
Total dog & pony show...it's quite obvious that Senators on both sides of the aisle were quite aggravated with the circus today.
but how was the kimchi and chocolate cake and quality time with the narcissistic self absorbed fat boy with the bad hair???
It's all about POWER & CONTROL
They bitch for being briefed & if not briefed they would Bitch! Can't please the haters!!! Smh!!! 
Interesting the Dem play book.So listening for 1 hour & 20 minutes did not learn anything. CNN can really help if asked questions of Dems.
DT theatrics based on deflection and counter action to divert the Russian connection investigation. Rating close to 32%. F-.
She is !!  Major Funny !!
Dog and a pony show ??? Lol ! Crack me up again !
They don't even know when they are being used for cover of what is to come.
From a N. Korean dictator standpoint it looks like US is preparing for war by seeking approval from Congress. Causing a NK preemptive strike
