Thank you for protecting the constitution & human rights. #ILdems fight for what's right.
which part of constitution? Title 8, sect 1182? Should read it, all of you. Here you go.
that's a statute, not the constitution-it's a law & can be applied in a way that violates the constitution-& constitution wins
if they are NOT entitled to any rights covered under constitution, there is zero violation.
the constitution is not about US rights, it's about alienable rights of humanity & the broader role of govt
have no idea where you could possibly think that it does. Otherwise all other countries would adapt it.
that wasn't my point & I think we're experiencing a fundamental misunderstanding that can't be solved in 140 characters
always open to discussion.
That's great, but senators need to stop voting Yes on his cabinet choices too. That must stop immediately.
one legitimate reason
Sessions is a racist, and I just saw video of him saying an AG should be loyal to the president when
Little Russian troll harassing everyone who commented. Pathetic.
Thank you Senators! IL must stand with other states to #resisttrump! His reshuffle of the NSC is terrifying. Is he in contempt re Muslim ban
1 it's not a Muslim ban, plus contempt would be not following Title 8, Sect 1182 of constitution
.@tonytwobets you know what contempt of court is, right? [@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin]
if either of you moronic senators knew that section of the constitution, you'd know yes he can do that!
Thank you for standing up to the abuses of of power of our new president and his administration!
which abuses? Title 8,Sec.1182 of US constitution. Crystal clear power to impose ban. Learn it.
THANK YOU. I find this terrifying. Are we a country of laws or not? Is the President subject to them or not?
We are a country of laws thanks to President Trump.
Hey Duck lady it's not a #MuslimBan.
Thank you, Illinois senators!
.Thank you @SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin Millions of Americans thank you!
That's great! Now can you please look into bannon's seat on NSC? He is the head of the snake. 
Stop lying. The 7 nation ban is Obama's list. 73 SITTING Dems approved it in the past.
THANK YOU. Also, please for the love of god, block these cabinet picks.
51 votes. All we need.
Were yall this upset after San Bern, Nice, Paris, Brussels, Orlando, Ft. Laud?
RESIST!! Yes!!! Plz use all laws available to you!!  So proud to have voted 4 both of you!! Smart, smart,smart!
which law? US constitution? Oh that law Title 8, Section 1182 which reads
Dear Tony, you're an idjit. My condolences.
Thank you. As an IL constituent I truly appreciate this effort. Please block Sessions and DeVos too if you can.
why? Your ole pal Schumer voted 4 the same thing  n 2015, & no outrage then. Trump won, get the hell over it
thank you, Senators. I'm glad someone is stepping up.
The federal courts should send US marshals to any airport violating the stay & stop this garbage.
so how'd this go? Seriously asking in a positive way.
Awesome. Can you also please call for removal of Bannon from WH/ NSC? Can't get thru to either of you by phone
block @JeffSessionsrbx we need an AO with proven independence and objectivity!
Thank you Senators for speaking for Illinois and Americans everywhere. KEEP FIGHTING!
What Muslim ban?! There is no Muslim ban that I am aware of. Stop with the lies.
Durbin Just as crooked as crooked Killary, possibly without the physical body counts.
Waste that tax dollar Senator
Do you know how to read and write?
the fact u call it a Muslim ban is disgusting Shame on you
good luck with that.
Did you investigate when @POTUS44 implementated a ban TWICE as long as DT's ? 
PLEASE do something about Steve Bannon and Trump pushing aside real professionals for a white supremacist!
go! #NoBanNoWall
they are just as constitutional now as they were when Obummer used them!! Why don't you figure out the laws!!!
Who you calling ? Are they answering ? Are you and Dick using two cans with string ? Dems crack me up .
are U really that ignorant? I'm a naturalized US citizen, &even I know the ban is legal. Read the constitution @SenatorDurbin
You should ALREADY KNOW THE LAW. You're a GD disgrace. POTUS has complete authority on foreigners.
Yes Ma'am!  And thank you both!  
please oppose Sessions nom since he is the intellectual designer of the potus's exec orders. #stopsessions
expulsion
TRAITOR! @SenatorDurbin TRAITOR !
AMERICA HATES YOU !!!
EO is not a Muslim ban. 40+ Muslim nations not affected at all. Democrats are so dishonest. Losing voters.
.@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin 
If this is a #MuslimBan as U say,
how was this man allowed to stay?
Oh, b/c it's not
https://youtu.be/7tY1vXpqhQo 
The POTUS sets foreign policy & all immigration quotas you're just bloviating like wounded Dems do Take a bath @SenatorDurbin
It's not a Muslim ban.


there's no Muslim ban. You're an incompetent liar #Resign
You're a US Senator, for Pete's sake! Stop spreading #FakeNews. It's NOT a #MuslimBan and you know that.
So maybe STOP voting for his cabinet nominees??
It is not a Muslim ban, it is to prevent Terrorists from entering. Why can't you be honest, Obama & others have done the same
Thank you, thank you 
It's not a Muslim ban. You need to quit trying 2 disstablize the government for your political gain. #Pathetic
@lheinkel @SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin Please do!It's nice to know that we have such lawyers like u in congress!#Democrats #MAGA #tcot
Article 1,sec 9, US constitution. 
AND the 1952 "Immigration and Nationality Act".
Please read both, Tammy !!
where's the outcry here. http://freedomdaily.com/schumers-scandalous-skeletons/ …
It's not a "Muslim ban". Get your facts straight before you spout BS. Obama approved the 7-country list.
Maybe you two were too busy protesting this weekend, and didn't read the exec order: there is no muslim ban!
read the statute

it is 
not N-O-T. a Muslim ban stop pushing false narratives! Shame on you!
there is no muslim ban, why are you lying to the American people? Oh wait I know the answer, 1,030 seats
we are not with you...I appreciate President Trumps determination to keep us safe inspite of your agenda.
Not a Muslim ban. Fake news
Yes Ms Duckworth, quack, quack Ms Duckworth.............
nothing illegal about it. Obama did it with Iraq, and it's a ban on people from certain countries, not Muslims
Chucky  (nutcase) Schumer wanted a ban in 2015! But that's none of my business.
What is wrong with you 2?! You KNOW U R lying to We The People. Shameful & Seditious.


We the PEOPLE r with POTUS on this ban 4America/ns Safety & Security.U& D.Durbin shd b PROUD 2 Help Him.
Stop Fighting!
ILLINOIS MURDERS!
What Muslim ban? @SenSchumer tweeted this.
I guess you need to try to do something during your day. #powerless
#LiesofLiberalsPlaybook We lie and make up fake outrage yet stay silent when Obama DID THE SAME DAMN THING. #FauxoutrageFrauds
More Fake News-89% of Muslims world wide R not under any immigration restrictions
Where did the Muslims get banned? I thought these were Obamas choice countries? You want terrorists admitted?
hypocrisy!  As usual.  So dishonest.
@SenatorDurbinGREEN CARDS/VISAS holders areNOT CITIZENS.It's a PRIVLEDGE granted that can be revoked if there r Vetting issues
Read the order.
YOUR party enabling death cult of Islam #maga
@SenatorHeitkamp @SenatorBaldwin @SenBobCasey @SenBillNelson
Simply, you the democrats have any power to stop the TRUMP TRAIN. Actually, you are about to get ran slap over!
You DA's read the executive Order, it is the same Obama's EO. You simple have no power!
Who do you think you're fooling?
your Twitter line looks like a night of the zombies

your rediculous!
#fakenews pusher
Thank you Senator Duckworth and Senator Durbin.
Another attempt to snag the limelight. Tisk, Tisk. You don't get it?!!#draintheswamp !
There is no Muslim ban. You are lying to these people. If you continue, you will GUARANTEE his re-election
You're calling? lol try reading the Constitution
Thank you!
Thank you so much. This is so important.
Thank you to you both!!
thank you senators. Please urge all your colleagues to vote NO ON SESSIONS
@tparsi @SenatorDurbin that's a start, impeach and RICO this administration while you can. Corrupt and a danger to freedom
@Charmingly2020 @SenatorDurbin thank you senators!
.@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin thank you for standing up to protect our country's constitutional structure. We can't let Trump destroy it.
#trumpskkkabinet
Can you take him to court? Can you pass legislation? Needs doing this minute!
has anyone called for real investigation of russian/putin hacking our elections?
thank u! I just wrote u about opposing #MuslimBan. Plz also vote NO on Sessions and Devos.
What can we do to help, and is there any effort to start impeachment process?  And thank you!
There is no "Muslim" ban. It is a temp suspension for 7 countries Obama had restrictions on. Trump enforced it
@devislaskar @SenatorDurbin it's time to vote from office ANY politicians r/d that reaches out to http://DT.country  bfor
party.the primaries are coming the ppl will not forget
Thank you! Please also filibuster the SCOTUS nominee, unless it's Garland.
thank you senators
Thank you. I'm proud that the two of you represent the state of Illinois.
Proud of my Senators @SenDuckworth and @SenatorDurbin for upholding their duty as public servants.
.@SenatorDurbin & I are calling for an immediate, independent investigation into CPB's potentially illegal implementation of #MuslimBan 2/2
thank you, Senator!  @MKinLA @SenatorDurbin
Thanks! Stay strong! Keep pushing back!
There is no such thing as a MUSLIM BAN. It's amazing to find out you 2 libtards are unable to read an EO.
@emzorbit @SenatorDurbin Thank you.
There are many of us concerned about Bannon's agenda.
Or minimally legislation to place back all of the top senior officials who were removed?
Can you both also intro legislation to remove Bannon from the NSC?
.@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin I am an Illinois resident & voter - I'm very glad to see this. Thank you.
potus is suffering from a spmi, serious persistent mental illness. I emailed all dnc
impeach Trump!
resign Tammy and Dick.
this paid troll is paid to talk about Constitution and belittle people block move on
Great work. #Resist
Thank you. The American people have your back
Thank you for DOING something. Plse also do all you can to block cabinets picks. We'll thank you wt our votes!
Thank you. We faced a constitutional crisis this weekend as @CustomsBorder agents disregarded fed court orders.
Please follow on the exclusion of JCofS from the NSC as well. Ban on?????
Please, please get him out of the Oval before his diagnosed (now) insanity and fascism kills us all.
Thank you.
We need to act fast as well as longer investigations. Our reps need to be on the front lines at airports.
Thank you!
Bravo! Illinois is behind you 100%
thank you for supporting immigrants. Our diversity is part of what really makes America great.
Thank you!! Bannon and Potus are grabbing power quickly. #stopfascism #resist
stop all confirmation hearings now! Stop all of it, filibuster everything. The distractions are too many.
THANK YOU!
Good for you. This is why I voted for you.
.@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin Thank you!! So glad you are representing Illinois and fighting for the country!
This temporary entry ban is not illegal, see 8 US Code 1182 (f).
she needs removed from congress
Thank you for standing up for what's right! Your constituents are watching!
Thank you!
@BFriedmanDC @SenatorDurbin ru Aware the highest population Muslim countries were not banned ? Only the 8 producing terrorists
Thank you! I am proud to have you representing IL!
Thank you, senators.
.@SenDuckworth @SenatorDurbin, thank you.
God get 'em!!!!
who's impartial enough to actually investigate anything now swamp is full now
yes and get Bannon out of our government. Trump is a puppet.
good luck! So far POTUS ignoring laws, rights & demonstrations. Hit him where it hurts...in his pocket!
thank you!! Is they anything you can do about Steve Bannon involvement on national security council?? Please!
thank you!! we are with you - united we stand #justiceforall #pledgeofallegiance right there
Where is that spineless, backstabbing @SpeakerRyan? He won't speak up; he has his own agenda to push through.
Thank you Sen.Duckworth. From the bottom of my heart.
What's CPB?
THANK YOU
thank you!
could u publish your correct office # AND listen to your voicemail maybe even answer phones? #gov #illinois

THANK YOU!  Please hurry. People are suffering and our entire constitutional order is under threat!
How long is that going to take? This has to be an impeachable offense.
@MalcolmNance @SenatorDurbin  I said when they created it that Homemade Security sounded too much like Der Fazzerland.
Great! Hold them to account! We are a nation of laws, not of men! #NoMuslimBan #RuleOfLaw
Thank you for your leadership!
- Thank you. As a new resident of Illinois (as of this Sat!), I am grateful for your active engagement.
This is a step in the right direction. "No" votes on DT's cabinet picks are also the right direction
Thank you both for protecting the vulnerable and our democracy. You phone lines are jammed: oppose Devos pls
Thank you to you both! Proud of my Illinois senators this weekend.
I'm done. You're blocked.
Thank you both! We need to do something before we completely lose our country.
Thank you for your hard work on this issue! Keep it up!
Thank you!
I couldn't reach your office but I'm a constituent who voted for you and I want to thank you for opposing this horrifying ban.
Thank you for taking a stand against the Anti-American executive order against immigrants and refugees
why do you vote for ANY nominees? https://oblogdeeoblogda.me/2017/01/29/dear-democratic-party-senators/ …
