Nothing about us without us!  Thanks and we are with you on access to healthcare! #SaveMedicaid #ADAPTandResist
The full court press is on. Where have these representatives been while Obamacare was imploding.Sad!!
Only 10 million bought insurance thru exchanges. 28 million uninsured because they can't afford premiums. Sad!!
Another 14 million signed up for Medicaid when Dems raised the eligibility bar. Federal outlays skyrocketing.Sad!!
Carry the torch and help GOP improve/ replace Obamacare.Or, join Cory and be an obstructionist.Your choice.
You democrats must be the kindest, most moral people in history!I can't believe how much you care,even if it didn't seem like it for 8 years
What about the atom vets?  Will they EVER be recognized?
Thank you for your service in the military and now as a Senator!
We need Medicare for everyone.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR HAVING A TRUE SENSE OF MORALS AND CHARACTER. SIGNS OF A HUMANITARIAN.
THEIR LOVED ONES WOULD.  PROTEST  WHAT DOES THE BIBLE SAY? THERE WOULD BE UPRISING AND PROTEST WORLDWIDE!
SENATOR THERE ARE SO MANY WITH DISABILITIES THAT DEPEND ON OUR HEALTHCARE SYSTEM! IF WE DENIED THEM ;THEIR LOVED ONES IN THE MILLIONS +++
Talking points. No one is being cut off because of pre-existing conditions. Keep telling lies Dems. Only strengthens our resolve.
@CoryBooker we need a single-payer system like this:
What about those healthy able-bodied citizens that are screwing the system?
BTW Obama care has made my Hcare costs almost triple in the last 3 years. So shut up and get out of the Repub's way
! Big 0 care hurt me.
Than go for free guality health care FREE health care!!!
Invest in Americans as we do in our government
I knew I voted for the right lady!  Now get rid of Trump?  Wishful thinking.
Then please  help make it better.  Not just fall in li e with the rest of your party.  Tell them what you need.  Help craft a better Bill
Cory booker is on NPR sounding just like Hillary Clinton. fake as hell.
T.U As a 52yr old disabled person who workd until I cldnt I am terrified I & ppl like me will DIE. ACA needs to be fixed not repealed SCARED
Thank you @SenDuckworth on behalf of my 93 year old grandmother from South Holland IL. Keep up the good work #medicaidmatters
Thank you for representing us in Illinois  Our family relies on the aca and medicaid, we will lose our severely disabled 34 yr old son!
@CoryBooker TY 
After 30+years /paraplegia (returned to college/taught @ public and medtech schools) health failing majorly.
MANY in USA face same; some may/will die if medical coverage disappears/goes up. GET RID OF FRAUDS, protect REALS!
New bill = disabled/pre-exist. Cond. Won't lose current medicaid cov. now but how about future?
Thank you Tammy! I thank you for your Service to our Country & continued service to fellow mankind. My 8 yr old Autistic son needs his ins!
Thank you. As a disabled person all the way in Oklahoma, you are my hero. My politicians don't care about me, but you do. Thank you.
Thank you
Tim says thank you for fighting for him. His senator @PatToomey doesn't seem to care about adult children with Autism.  #VoteNoBCRA
Thank you!
I am disabled, I have healthcare because I have medical insurance that I worked 48 years for. Health care insurance is not a right.
@CoryBooker God Bless You Tammy Duckworth! American Hero! And you Cory Booker for your tireless work for we Disabled!
Please don't let us lose our counselors. For many of us, they are the biggest form of treatment.
Hey Tammy! You are not the only one living with disab! You don't speak with many of us! The H/C ripoff has to be rained in! We're broke!!
These words are just words until these elected officials provide the same access to quality healthcare as they have, period. No kudos at all
They still will have coverage after either senate or house bill, and had coverage before even Obamacare.
You do a good job, Tammy.  We're proud of you.
Pls continue to fight  BCRA. @SenMajLdr objected to something you said on Sen floor last week. He objected to Sen Warren. Silent on Trump?
Please carry the torch for sexually abused survivors as well....we all hurt deeply and need tougher laws for these predators.
Thank you, Senator
You go girl!
30M lost their normal health insurance when we got Obamacare. Premiums are rising rapidly under Obamacare. Insurers leaving the market.
Keep fighting for justice! We appreciate it.
You, madam, are a true leader and American hero. Thank you.
Thank you
It's time for Universal health care system.  HB676. Health care is a human right.
Thabk you Tammy!
Thing is, it's not access, its actual damned coverage we need. I have access to a Jaguar. It's not mine & can't afford it, but I have access
Insurance does not grant access to healthcare. This is false.
Thank you for your opposition to the AHCA. I am so grateful that you are my senator.
Thank you, Senator Duckworth!
Is that why you voted for a system that is now collapsing?  Thankfully all you guys can do is talk. America ruled on the ACA by voting GOP
Would you say healthcare is a human right?
Get on board with IL folks S. of Chicago - repeal health care.  Use the Constitution as guide like oath U swore when you took UR commission.
Thank you so much.  Many people needlessly have lives in the balance right now.
Thank you for fighting for people like my son who depend on Medicaid!

What about healthcare for all Senator???
Know how many "middle class"citizens are no longer able to fully access:use health care coverage for their families? ACA=
Thank you
@votevets @lisamurkowski @senrobportman  @SenatorCollins @SenCapito Our vets deserve more #ProtectOurHealthcare

Thank you!!!!!
You make me consider moving to have such an awesome senator as you. Thank you for all that you do.
I need with healthcare to much going on my mind right now i needs to get in my right mind
We need more people like you. People with a big heart and compassion.
Thank you!!!
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
TY @SenDuckworth
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for your integrity, hard work, and willingness to stand up for regular citizens.
You can't help the republicans with disability.  Can't transplant a heart into the heartless.
I hope y'all White House people can help me and ex girlfriend and my homeboy big sister with healthcare
Good!
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator! We love you!
Thank you!!!
Even if u FORCE young people who dont want it right?
Part of being a member of society.
Part of eat it even if you don't want to? Right?
We know whats best for everyone? Right?
Sounds like communism.
Pretty sure that contributing to the greater good is pretty damn American. It's even on the Statue of Liberty
pretty sure the statute of Liberty doesnt please come here so I can pay your bills.  1/3 of our economy is already spent on entitlements.
What is your suggestion then?
Free market.
If u dont want. Not forced to.
Not if U like your plan n doctor u keep it. Then being dropped n left with 1 plan
Thank you Senator Duckworth!  You are a Patriot and a Great American.
It was such an honor to hear you speak at the DFL dinner this month in Minneapolis! Keep up the good fight
Senator  please join your colleagues and speak out more-
U have a very empathetic message
Please tell @SenToomey we are here in PA and we want a NO! vote. can't keep hiding from us forever! Carry our torch!
Thank you! I want to be part of the LAST generation to go broke and hungry and homeless because of medical costs.
She ain't doing jack crap. Not one dem offering to help. They screwed up ACA Don't need them screwing with healthcare anymore.
Thank you. Greatly appreciate all that you do.
Thank you, Sen. @SenDuckworth. Much appreciated.
Thank you for using your position to help the weak instead of to make things even more comfortable for the well to do.
Looking forward to supporting your ideas and campaigns for years to come.
