Icahn potentially abused his role as advisor to the Pres by participating substantially on a govt matter that directly affects his interests
Our nation relies on the FBI to combat major white collar crime & corruption that undermines public trust in government
It would set a dangerous precedent for the FBI to turn a blind eye to suspicious activity that was so flagrant
... under investigation by the FBI for potential connections to the Trump organization. Conflicted.
Lol
As one of the legion of collateral damages resulting from Icahn's hubris & Genghis Khan tactics, I have 3 words for him: Eat your money.
Why not call on them to look deeper into the Bill Clinton Loretta Lynch meeting and Oh I don't know destroyed cellphones, emails, Benghazi
Benghazi? How many times do you need to hear "no wrongdoing" before you start believing it, B-Rad?
@KrisParonto @JohnTiegen @MarkGeistSWP
How cute that you're tagging people in because you have no response. 
Headed to work OT so I can make up for what Illinois Dems take with newly increased state taxes for the lazy folks on Obamas programs
Cry me a river, B-Rad. You don't like your state's fiscal policies? Vote them out or move. Pretty simple.
Hey man right with ya ! I didn't vote for a single one of these crooks! And we'll; to some, family first before I leave them...
You said "Illinois Dems" but it looks like there were some GOP participants too. How much OT do you need to make up that whopping 1.2%? 
State of Virginia versus William Moersen and William Moersen calling the Pentagon of United States out on treason 110 article 3 both parties
Right after they finish with the Clinton Obama years.. Get in line
keep dragging those knuckles, troglodyte.
Another blistering argument from the left!!  Ouch !!  Burn....
Hypocrite. Did you even care about Obama admin. and all it's illegal doings?
She was not a senator then.  
Do you also think Obama was president during Katrina?  Don't worry replying;  we know the answer.
She was a representative and could have written the same letters. She is a partisan hack! #hypocrite #partisan
Dude claims to be "sick of hypocrisy" is a hypocrite. What a surprise. 
Thank you
Thank you Tammy!
Sen. Duckworth, please use your energies to help the people of the State of Illinois. Does this affect Illinois if not please redirect.
Go get him.
June 19, 2014
Let's get all these m************ no stragglers left behind
Go, Ms. Duckworth!
PleasePleasePleaseDo.
Kee rist! I ' m happy I wasn't assigned to your unit. (Dodge a bullet then...)
I wouldnt respond if you called for a piss call.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
Thank you Senator Duckworth.

Yes Ma'am!
Our laws must be pretty screwed when every infraction seems unclear whether a statute or law was violated. WTF!!
While they're at it, why not include an SEC investigation in regard to stock manipulation at Herbalife - $HLF
Thank you  @SenDuckworth !
Thank you @SenDuckworth
Yes!!!  Please!!
The whole state of Illinois is corrupt
Thank you!!!!
as if!
How about investigating antifa, BLM, Hillary, Obama, Lynch, Holder, Awana brothers,  and IRS Director?
So many dept. Are conducting investigations on all the damn criminals is Rump admin. Is there anyone left to investigate non WH stuff?
Full support Tammy!  Good luck though - not sure why Trump's pick Wray was ever approved in Senate.
Good luck with that. I'm sure Semion's boy will be very careful what strings he pulls on.
Your extreme partisanship is extremely disappointing, and therefore your biased outcries are not credible.
Thank you!
How come you don't call for an investigation into the laws Hillary broke
Is there anyone that is not corrupt with this administration?! Thank you Senator !
And insider trading too.
U Go, Tammy!
Finally
Please keep on this. I believe you're right about Icahn!
Isn't what he did something like insider trading only worse since he helped make the decisions that led to his shares value going up?
Trump's administration has become 'THAT swamp' infested with all types who proclaim to have the people's interests at heart, BUT DON'T!
I'm looking forward to the culmination of that thread Nick. Tick tock. It is going to make watergate seem tame.#trumpaggedon looms
You let us know if he answers your request please
Talk loud Tammy; we're depending on you to speak up for injustice. Please!
First Clintons, Holder, Lynch, Rice.
Thank you, Senator!
Yes he did. Lock him Up. He's just another member of the Swamp Cabinet run by Swamp Thing from Mar-a-Lagoon.
 get them ALL Sen. Eye of the tiger!!!!
Can you ask FBI if they have enough crimes on the Trump? I've lost count.
Investigation on Clinton
Thank you senator Duckworth.
Aww... All the Crybabies here!! Waaaahhhhh
THANK YOU, Sen!  We can't allow the excesses, ethic violations to become normalized! ... http://tmi.me/1fjwV5 
Thank you.....this man along with wilbur ross need to be completely investigated...something fishy give trump ac ties
fuck that I want Hillary's emails
Wasting money as usual
#ImpeachTrump
What's up w really wealthy people? Certainly Carl Icahn must have plenty of . And yet here he is about to be investigated re corruption
You're the best, Tammy.
Respect!
Thank you @SenDuckworth !  

@IndivisibleChi @IndivisibleEV
Get them all. Every single one of these f×%*s needs to go down.
Thank you ma'am. You're appreciated.
I am so proud to have you as one of my senators! 
@FreedomSpeech76 @FBI there is no doubt he violated-question is will he be brought to justice?
Boom! There it is! Do it!!
You Dems are all losers!!!
good luck
Man, you lefties make up a new one every day. Did someone cry wolf?
Thanks let's see where his loyalties are.
Don't forget the power of NY state @AGSchneiderman
Thank you!!
Go, grrrl! 
People are dying in Houston and this is all u care about?

Absolutely
The Renewable Fuel Standard program is shit. Needs to go.
FYI, just yesterday Icahn sold the Fountainbleau Casino in Las Vegas for $600 million. Failed project that sits half finished on the strip.
Get after it Tammy! Thank you.
Wary is a Trump man. Not going to happen.
Thank you!
TY @SenDuckworth - you're making so many valuable contributions, and your work shall not be forgotten! This is what leaders DO.
Proud to call you my Senator!!
Because we sure need another investigation instead of working on HC, or the debt ceiling or tax reform, etc. Good call...
Please get to the bottom of this 21st c Teapot Dome scandal!
Wait. You mean they're aren't already???
Thank you for looking out for our interests!
Thank you @SenDuckworth.
We love you Senator.
Keep up the pressure!
Thank you Sen Duckworth! 
Thank you Senator!
He did
Thank you, Senator Duckworth!
Thank you
American constitution is rule of law
Thank you Senator for taking leadership to initiate investigation. We need more people like you in Senate. Appreciate your efforts
Can't wait to vote for you again
You and the Democratic party are wasting our time and tax dollars. Do something constructive.
Good luck with that.  I hope that memo didn't take too long to write.
It's #TammyTime, y'all.
I wish we had more people in Congress like you Tammy Duckworth!
No rule of law under the Trump administration. He's also guilty of that
Of course he did.
Thank you for your unwavering patriotism, and your service Senator Duckworth.  We need more heroes like you in positions of power.
I'm calling on @FBI Dir Wray to investigate whether I owe my self-enriching career to the rascist, corrupt & job-killing #ChicagoMachine.
Good going!  Don't let them get away with this corrupt self-enriching crap!
Thank you, something is better than nothing!
Clinton and Obama First
Can same standard apply to Sec of Labor? EPA?
Thank you @SenDuckworth for showing what a true leader in Washington looks like
Thank you Senator! It's obviously going to be people like you who will "drain the swamp" - this group of grifters in the WH must go
The Hero we need!  Go Senator Duckworth!

Wray was coached/cajoled to say the right things during confirmation but is essentially a Trump toady loyalty-wise.
Yes he did! and if I know if you know it.
Thank you!
