YOU HAVE BEEN TOO QUIET ON #russianhacking and TRUMPS ties to RUSSIA
What?! they talk about it MINIMUM once a week @SenDuckworth @chrislhayes @MSNBC
This is the biggest news story ever - Hillary's emails were reported every day for 2 years
3, MADDOW wasn't on tonight to cover russia and sessions and trump for TWO HOURS STRAIGHT
great - two hours - this shit was KNOWN before November 8th and just now being reported...DAMAGE TO REPUBLIC IS DONE
oh.my.god. do you NEVER watch rachel maddow? i watch EVERY NIGHT and there's at least 3 items per week
yes - and Hillary's emails were covered every day for two years....big difference so far.  Sad really.
i guarantee you rachel is up right now. you can email her at her email address. tell her how she FAILED democracy
You could probably be more helpful uniting the people instead of dividing the people. AGENDA, much?
Why haven't you demanded independ. investigation on #TrumpRussia? @dailyherald @chicagotribune Can you ask her? Voted for Ross
love you so proud of you.
How about a Jeff Sessions investigation? If we had access to DT's tax returns...
And we need you to act like a Democrat.  Stop voting for his cabinet nominees.
please investigate trump, session and Russia!
THANK YOU SO MUCH Sen. Duckworth!
Says the senator involved in corrupt democratic scandal that the MSM isn't talking about. AWAN BROS?????
Oh yeah, and the AWAN BROS. wives. Please, Tammy. As our senator...could YOU act like one and, explain?
Great interview - we agree that Trump must take responsibility for his decisions as Commander in Chief.
Duckworth 2020
one day you will get interested in the most pressing issue confronting us. #ImpeachTrump
@LightLovePhoto @chrislhayes @MSNBC You were terrific. Thank you.
Yes, please.
In a limited spot, you showed the world why we're so proud of you.  Keep fighting! #resist #persist
@GovRauner @SenatorDurbin You 2 have no vision or will & will never move ILL past mediocrity at best. Great ex for term limits
 @chrislhayes @MSNBC
Exactly right: heroism doesn't depend on mission success. Trump's trying to pass the buck. His formula.
so maybe he should act like Obama? draw some red lines, buy some new golf clubs w/DOJ slush fund?
Tammy how about the possibility that operation was leaked? 
There seems to be a lot of that since day 1 
Don't forget to talk about Chgo passing 100 murder mark last wknd and how u & Durbin do nothing about it
@ShaunKing @chrislhayes @MSNBC hopefully he asked you about all them confirmations
Had Trump served in Vietnam versus claim bone spurs, he would ALREADY know he is RESPONSIBLE for missions.
@SenatorDurbin @GovRauner Won't watch! @POTUS was inspiring, positive & Presidential! Proud but no respect for you!
@B0rdertourista @chrislhayes @MSNBC Why don't you stay in Illinois and fix the mess that you Dems have created here!
Let us know who designed the new KKK outfits ya'll wore last night too.
@SenatorDurbin @GovRauner Apparently you weren't listening last night "The time of trivial fights is over!"No respect for you
Well that's a trivial fight you just started.
You are the voice of reason, Senator. Well done, much respect!
Tammy, was that your don't f with me jacket?
I just watched you, and I have the utmost respect for your service in the military and as a senator.Thanks
Great job!
Thank you @SenDuckworth for pointing out how DJT took zero responsibility for the Yemen op, blaming "his generals." @chrislhayes @MSNBC
Thank you Senator well said @SenDuckworth @chrislhayes @MSNBC
great interview. True patriot-thank you for all you do for our country and for me
great job. You do IL proud.
Tammy are you going run for POTUS?
Tammy >> No military ops is 100% loss free. Naive to think we won't loose troops and equipment!!
@ShaunKing @chrislhayes @MSNBC Give him hell, Senator!
Look at how u act b 4 pointing fingers
Go Senator!
Applause is nice, but honoring the military dead means taking responsibility and answering questions!

Jeez, Ryan, don't be an a..hole. Your mom didn't breastfeed you or something?
Thank you! We're behind you! And we'd really like a serious investigation into Trump's Russia connection.
@vaculb @chrislhayes @MSNBC   Thank you Sen. Duckworth. We look forward to hearing the perspective of a decorated Veteran.
can't wait!!!!
how about you all talk about impeachment proceedings instead. He isn't gonna do the right thing. Check pls
Stop behaving like we are not dealing with a petulant five year old. Trump will never behave like a rational head of state.
Please keep Russia in the talking points. Don't let that potential treasonous actually go uninvestigated.
Could you talk about why the Democrats don't stand for: infrastructure, our military, law enforcement?
You do realize he doesn't play by your "rules" or your "expectations" right? He's never going 2. Accept it
Fellow Disabled Veterans need your help, cosponsor and pass S.66
After the Dems behavior last night, how about you guys act like elected officials instead of 5 yr olds?
Uhhh, I think u got that wrong. DJT acts like a 5 yr old. The GOP reward him 4 not wet bed
.@SenDuckworth @chrislhayes @MSNBC Perhaps you should discuss how #Trump struck a nerve with so many abuse victims
Abusive Stepdad in Good Mood Last Night; Household Cautiously Optimistic. "Maybe we can be a happy family," Says One of the Battered
that is worthwhile and thank you!  Proud you represent IL!
certainly will
Please talk about our Dems acting like the legislators they people pay them to be.
Thanks
Thx for heads up.Look fwd to your thoughts. Thank you for your service to our country in war and in Cong
Dont want an actor. I want a competent, rational, compassionate, dignified president-that tweets less
14yrs US Army and Army reserves. 88M/OIF III. You set the standard as a American, veteran and politician!
I don't need @POTUS acting like.  He needs to B & do Presidential 4 PPL #NotHisParadigm
@Ladybug014 @chrislhayes @MSNBC 
Not this commander in chief. Impossible.
Our congressional Dems and a free press is all we have right now, so don't hold back! #resist @SenDuckworth @chrislhayes @MSNBC
Give Orange Nixon hell, Senator!#inners
we'll be watching and supporting!
Ask her if changing his tone is enough to heal the great divide he has created in this country with  his ideology
After setting such low expectations, he gets praise for what was a pretty average speech?? Sad! Bigly Sad.
He will never pull it off. Deluding others is the game. Stay on track or we all go down with him.
I'll be watching, Senator!
Yes & ONE, moderately well-read speech (saying the opposite of what's actually being done) doesnt cut it!
we don't care what he acts like, we just want results crime, borders, taxes, healthcare
Seems like a stupid thing for a liberal to do, especially someone with the knowledge of Hayes.
How about our Senator from Illinois act like she represents the entire state not just Chicago!
Typical #Liberalhipocrisy! She's entrenched in the divisive liberal agenda. No respect for her!
