Where were you with all of Hillary's dealings?  My God this is unbelievable.  You have PROOF of her entanglements & did nothing. Shame on U!
My God, Hillary is gone. If you don't condone Hillary then you shouldn't condone Trump.
.The difference is we KNOW how bad she is and frankly she is still active.  With POTUS just a lot of cry babies but no evidence.
Oh yea...keep up with the witch hunting and keep coming up losing again
And when your new Boyfriend is impeached and sent to prison, we can talk about losing.
Wow...you need to catch up
Lets waste some more of the tax payers money on another fishing expedition. Came up empty on Russia
But u, Clinton, Waters, and others can? Stop the displacement already
Ooh look a new way to waste taxpayers  $$   go to work & stop trying to destroy the country. You dems better grow up if you want respect
You don't seem to GAF that trump wastes taxpayer $ every weekend playing golf at his properties & he makes $ off it.
Not really. In 8 years if he doubles the deficit as Obama did then I will be calling Trump out also. Until then I DGAF
He won't last 4 years.
Says the person who believes trump is doing a great job running the country. Keep drinking the orange koolaid.

Did Clinton or Obama read that "no benefit" fro foreign governments? Seems like their charities got millions. Do they get a different law?
With GOP running congress they will allow it. They dont care about rules and laws unless it applies to the opposition.
But he thinks he can, break rules and laws and get away with it. What is that telling our children, that's it ok to break laws!
What did you tell them about Hillary and bill? I'd use that ...
But Hillary can have ties to a charity that took billions from foreign countries and campaign donations. Business/donations
He doesn't John -owning stick isn't a violation. Where were u when Hillary was selling out America?
Hello?
John?
John these people don't like you
I would trust @KimKardashian more then I trust @realDonaldTrump - The @GOP have killed conservatism - thanks - but - man - what a price!!!
well then you won't need health insurance - good- one less fat American I have pay for while they vote Republican - MAGA right back at you.
I guess your not going to stop,oh well I had to get used to winning,I will have to get used to laughing,but darn it hurts to laugh so much,
So, Representative, what are you doing now to make it happen rather than kicking the can down the road?
R  we no longer people WTH. This behavior affect everyone & bad healthcare will destroy u no matter what party you are. Stop the propaganda
Hey, John, were you up in arms about Hillary's foreign money?
Or how about selling Uranium to Russia? Did that bother you?
Oh no!! Dems can't fin any collusion with Russia so now this 
It's only the first inning...you smart sassy little honey!!
You can Crawl back under the rocks you came from too...like your girlfriend!!! 
You need to see the present. One child with cancer or yourself, your savings are gone and you can't get coverage. That's the present
Your jobs don't have to give insurance now, no FMLA. If you have a heart prob they don't need to insure you.
Anyone notice, Hillary, Obama are not here. Does anyone live in the present. Anyone notice we have healthcare hidden that will affect you.
Unfortunately you are prob not in the rich and famous league. So trump will enjoy laughing at you, taking more tax and your healthcare.
You love propaganda, can you pick out a dem as you call them you see a Dr do you say are you a dem. We are people all of us
Trump is spewing propaganda. And why no press from,the White House
Do you know that people are affected, the Trump propaganda machine I don't care about calling people Dem or Repub
@HouseDemocrats lol this is why dems keep losing
Get over it Conyers. You guys lost. The country is sick of your failed policies that make the poor poorer. Deal with it.
Ya mean like that plane load of cash to Iran?
Thanks Rep. Conyers.
Lmmfao you ought to know all about being bought just ask killary dems are always for sale
The special elections should be a clue that the people are tired of the constant attacks & rhetoric. Keep it up & 2018 will not go your way.
Except when it was the Clintons and John Podesta, then it was no problem.  Dems=Hypocrites.
Excellent!!! This is exactly the type of "educate the public" piece that s/be done on other topics, too: 1)what is ins? 2)what is a mandate?
It is slowly unfolding, it is happening...& it will take them ALL down as GOP leaders ALL benefited from the RUSSIA monies, contacts, hacks.
Forgetting that his son is running the business
By the way. Is your wife out of jail yet?
What financial dealings? @rosadelauro?
Ummm like all of u demorats have?
Every American sees through your BS tactics. I can tolerate it because you & your party are dying out. Dems are a thick skulled bunch! LMAO
WaWaWa.... someone call a wambulance for Rep Conyers! What's the matter... can't get your "Collusion" theory stick? Lmao
Boring.
Snore.
There are none.
@NancyPelosi Sec. of State Clinton was taking in millions into her family foundations from foreign govts, no Dem  complains.
And Obama did nothing illegal you should really be talking about.
Like pallets of cash to Iran type of financial dealings??
Crooked John Conyers. I know all about you man. From WAY BACK..
Trump already agreed that all profits from overseas will go to the US treasury.
Your all for sale so dont just go after potus
Why do you support POTUS? Tell what he will do for USA? How will your life be better?
Did you get to the bottom of HiLIAR's financial dealings as SOS?  Obama's? #CleanYourHouseFirst.
Are you really Nancy Pelosi in disguise
Are you really Nancy Pelosi in disguise
Don't go there. He is not personally having and financial dealings with other Countries. You are confusing him with Hillary, Bill and Obama.
Yeah, but he wasn't supposed to be able to bomb Syria either w/o approval, but did. With no repercussions.  Beginning of a dictatorship
Actually we need to get to the bottom of all the corruption and conflict of interest in the Democrat party - you slimy political hack.
It's better for us when GOP and Democrats work together because something gets done not nothing.

Y just WISH y could handle funds as well as Trump!  

If y could you would have already! What, not a billionaire yet? Can y spell loser?
no he does not own his companies his sons do so no conflict of interest.He did this because he knew democrats would say some thing
what TRAP did they find you hiding out in ? Your father shold hav taught U governmnt 4 dummies The president has the authority 2 RUN HIs BIZ
Financial dealing with other countries, you mean like the Clinton Foundation pay to play?
Did you tell Hillary?
Ahahahaaaaaaaaa
What happened to CGI? Oh yeah donations stopped once Hillary had no influence left to sell!
I don't recall you having this issue with Hillary's sale of US uranium to the Russian's. #WitchHunt
Congress didn't even get a chance to vote on the Paris Climate Scam treaty. Were you yitching then?
You're pathetic. Do your job and stop chasing conspiracy theories.
Can't you force him to request through courts?
Let's look into the dealings of those in Congress! How do you come out of office multi-millionaires? Do tell. We are waiting!!
Donald and Jared are leveraged up to their eyeballs and have always counted on criminal Russians to bail them out by laundering their money.
Damn liar!  Trump is donating all money's from any foreign stays to the treasury.  This dishonesty is criminal.
You say jobs will be lost. What have you done during your time in Congress to bring and preserve jobs in the US?  While healthcare fails!
.@SpeakerRyan you need to get Congress focus and do something productive!@foxandfriends @CNN
The corruption is in the Democratic party.  Schumer, Schiff, Pelosi, Warren, yourself.  You are all traitors & trying to ruin our peace.
The best thing that could happen to Americais is that every Dem lose their next election..
You mean like Hillary and the Uranium deal she made with Putin or the secret meetings that Obama had with Putin..Dems are corrupt as hell..
Oh, like Hillary did and other Demo-Rats ??    Such corrupt hypocrites
Really....but Hillary's financial dealings w other countries was just a-okay with congress.  #TrumpForSale
Does he need a bathroom pass? Ridiculous
No one takes you serious.  You are Anti-American POS
Eternity is unconceptual. Heaven/Hell is real. Choose wisely before selling your souls and continuing to deceive USA. Repent/come to JESUS
Did someone say emolument?
Emolument:
Emolument...
Where we you when Hillary under Obama's eye sold uranium. Obama took Soros & Saudi money. MIA.
Just want to know how dirty your hands are. stop slinging mud America is tired of it.
Hypocrite after we get to the bottom of Clinton and Obama
That's RICH coming from a guy whose wife went to prison.
Well,  better start checking on Warner and Waters etc.  They have Russian investments ties
What do you want to bet the RNC will try and force a law or resolution allowing Trump to profit if DNC succeeds in getting standing?
#Trump4Sale this guy would sell his daughter to Saudi Arabia to make a buck and send Jared to GITMO @washingtonpost #SCUMBAG @nytimes @TIME
#DNSforsale
Talk to me about the criminal grifters-Clintons-& their slush funds, CGI and CF. Hill wld sell her mother's eyes.
More fake news from corrupt opposition Democrats

Taxes anyone?
That's why many foreign dictators oops diplomats pay tribute to Dictator Trump by paying for stays at Maralago and other Trump properties.
Money laundering!!!
@realDonaldTrump Spin your wheels, waste your time, while POTUS gets on with fixing the country Obama tried to ruin.
Hillary used HER office to SELL OUR uranium to Russia for millions to her foundation. HELLO!! Russia sold it to Iran,treason
You mean like The Clinton Foundation??
conyers is too old to effectively lead anybody. As long as u Dems keep electing losers, u will lose.
Someone probably needs to look at your finances rumor has it you take bribes?
#trumpforsale peddler is an idiot. 

Rep. John Conyers: ‘The Electoral College Is Rooted in Slavery’
Hey Hillary has serious ties to Russia-Podesta took 35 million from Russia while Hillarys campaign mgr & advising Obama Corrupt Dbl Standrds
@POTUS is not making deals. He is running our country.Hillary is the person who sold her office.Why don`t you get a special counsel on that?
@DNC has turned into the party of anyone but Americans. No Russia proof, no proof of anything but we hate you so we will find something
Look who's talking but another welfare recipients stealing from tax payers just look @ your state struggling  you r the conflict go away
America is a business trump acquired that he is breaking down and selling parts off to highest bidders. Nuts!
it doesn't make much sense that people wanted a businessman, with multiple bankruptcies, to run the country @RepJohnConyers
@NancyPelosi Insane!We're suffering from a huge national crisis.A president who is a traitor & selling off parts of America.
Russia collusion dead. Next...Fools.
NONSENSE!  POTUS DOES NOT ANSWER TO YOU FOR EVERY LITTLE THING. You didn't do this to Obama. Hypocrites!!!!
I think we need to get to your issues which fuel your obsession with spewing propaganda.
And you approve of Hillary selling U.S. Uranium then taking Russian donations & Bill taking talk money?
I want to see EVERY Senator/Representatives tax returns & a spreadsheet with bank records re:ALL avenues of income!
POTUS can’t have financial dealings w/ other countries w/o Congress's consent. We need to get to the bottom of his conflicts. #TrumpForSale 
Why didn't you get to the bottom of Uranium being sold to the Russians by Clinton?
He isn't ... He isn't running his business anymore..
LIES. WHO SOLD OUR GOV IS HILLARY CLINTON AND YOUR TRYING TO COVER IT UP BY ACCUSING TRUMP OF HER CRIMES
Well it sure seems like he is doing it
The emoluments clause has been dealt with.  Sorry, another swing and a miss.
https://petitions.moveon.org/sign/help-congressman-conyers/?source=search …

I would love to work with you on HR 40!
George Soros's http://MoveOn.org , huh?  Hmmmm....
Wow! Soros owns all petition platforms? You Republicans are paranoid and delusional? On no wonder you like the tweaking tweeting POTUS
@LindseyGrahamSC and @SenJohnMcCain have approved, they agreed to look the other way.
I'd also like to know why they were allowed to ignore nepotism laws and why the hotel that was problematic b4 election is ok now.
JFK's brother was his Attorney General. Kennedy also appointed his brother-in-law, Sargent Shriver, as the first head of the Peace Corps.
Stop this fake, non-existent bologna. Proof was against Hillary & you cared less. There is no conflicts, there is action which you hate.
Ya think?
Really? So, I guess it was ok for Hillary to do? Talk about a double standard. Conyers, you must resign!
This is a flat out lie!! Did congress approve the sale of Obama's books to anyone outside the United States?
Did anyone see how flottk is making a killing on a beauty product is that legal
He was a private citizen that kicked your butts. Now you guys are complaining.  Try getting something done instead of whining all the time.
MEMO TO MALEFICENT: Did Hilldog also get that memo for her #UraniumOne deal -- or did she erase that too? I'm just say'n.
What conflicts? What dealings?
@GOP will not allow this.
You mean like sending pallets of cash to Iran?
Ur ignorant! That money was legitimately owed 2 Iran & was withheld as leverage. When USA got the concessions sought, we released the money.
People need to mind their own business and get to work!
Dude we can't even get his tax returns now u want more crooked financial dealings
Well, that didn't happen, nor dissuade his voters. Little more concerned abt North Korea & health care right now.
Liar.
Thank you as always keep after him and thanks for fighting the ACHC!  Keep ACA!  We have to stand against Trump and GOP as much as we can!
total crap... useless career politicians care nothing about our nation
