....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you
Experts say the costs you mention are at most just .13% of the military budget *for healthcare specifically* — not 13% or 1.3%, but .13%
It's indefensible for you to use those costs as a reason to deny healthcare to those who've risked their lives for our country…
… and at the same time you're trying to make their healthcare cost more and cover less here at home
When my Black Hawk helicopter was shot down, I didn't care about the gender identity of the Soldiers who were risking their lives to save me
I only cared that they were American troops — and that they were there to rescue me
If you're willing to risk your life for our nation&can do the job, the military shld welcome you so you can help keep our nation safe—PERIOD
Senator Duckworth: I not only thank you for serving our country, but I also thank you for standing up to the people being affected now.
Thank you Senator

Coming from the guy who constantly costs us millions with his golf trips, it's sad to hear him use cost as a justification for this nonsense
BTW, they are not "his" generals. They are "ours"
Thank you senator 

What does he know, he is a lamebrain anyway.
It's simple. No one wants transgender creatures.
DRAG HIM TAMMY
The  doesn't deserve respect.
Transition on your own dime then join the military. Everyone's happy
#WTF with all due respect??? Fuk that, respect is earned not giving, fuk trump
Thank you!
Oh Tammy, he doesn't know what he's talking about. He just strings words together and expect they'll make sense.
I'm sure it won't matter anyways look at are veteran's!
Donald, you're lost in your own smoke. Thank you.
Hmmmm we're paying  4 him 2 play golf Millions in security 4 wife n NY blah blah blah won't show taxes blah blah blah more VOMIT on USA
@POTUS never served a day in his life!  Yet he chastised others that want too!!
In medieval ages kings fought at the front of the battle. They led their armies. We should make the same requirement for presidents.
Not here he loves to hide behind tweeter
He is tryin to distract us wonder what Mueller found
I have so much love and respect for Tammy that I sometimes wonder if I'm being entirely rational. But then I remember what a hero she is! 
I agree with @POTUS we need our troops focused. I say we also need to keep troops out of the sex change operating room.
It's going to cost us millions to put him in a secure rubber room.
Congress should design in the myriad Trump expenses. @SenWarren @maziehirono @RepBarbaraLee @KamalaHarris @NancyPelosi @SenFeinstein
Tremendous? your golf weekends have cost the taxpayers $16,800,000.00 and it's only been 6 long months.
Tammy, @POTUS had "bone spur" never served
Never answer to Public Co Investors 
He's following Bannon policy- dismantle USA, men, white only
No respect is due to a traitor.
He's delusional.  Please introduce Amendment 25 ASAP
Uh ...can he get back to you on that ?
in 2015 it was $8M 

but they spent $64M on erectile dysfunction pills in the same year.

it's like he has budget book upside down
A Gigantic Step Backwards: Trump Bans Transsexuals from the Military on the Anniversary of Truman's… https://padresteve.com/2017/07/26/21031/ … via @padresteve
Donnie. You are the A Hole in chief. No doubt. And no thank you.
What's a transgender?
This is a blatant contradiction. His "Trump care" is supposed to cover EVERYONE! So it's another lie. Obama never did this.
Thank you Tammy! 
Ms duckworth it appears that the 2018 election process will not come soon enough for you. you should be removed from office now will wait
Sleazy mr bone spurs @realDonaldTrump sounds especially dumb with this tweet. Enjoy!
Thank you for your bravery serving us in the military and in standing up to #45!
Thank you for your service and for speaking out against this (and other) outrageous acts.
Very good question, Senator.
I think there's about 4,000 between active/reserves from what I remember reading this morning
As usual the  has NO IDEA what he's talking about! I wonder who whispered this latest misinformed, illogical bunk in his uneducated ear.
Actually the number is close to 40 times as much.
AHEM.... "Golf Trips "?? H E L L O ???
Thank you thank you thank you  you are the light in this darkness a voice of reason and justice 
I think that the facts once again are false. Doesn't the Military spend much much much more money for Viagra than for Transgender support ?
Those numbers are made up just sayn
Trump is coward who took 4 deferments for Viet Nam service, while 50,000 GI's were killed-Pence and Bannon also guilty of trashing GI's
Fuck you
Military spends 10x as much on Viagra...

Take their viagra though and all hell would break loose.
Coward in Chief is due 0 respect. He sold out our country, obstructed justice, insulted anyone that didn't vote for him and flaunts the law.
It can be argued that denying entry into the military is Trump protecting Transgender citizens, not that I agree, but military life is cruel
Thank you thank you thank you  you are the light in this darkness a voice of reason and justice 
@realDonaldTrump does NOT deserve to be addressed with any respect
With all due respect senator, DJT has literally no idea what he's talking about. Ever.
This man is a cancer on democracy!
I ask that question multiple times per day.
Nailed it, Senator!!
He doesn't know what he is talking about.
Trump's a coward, hid from military svc. My brother, father, grandfather & I served, & my cousin died now a fascist is taking our country
still waiting for you to show me the 33 million you said about #ACA
I hope by "all due respect" you mean "no respect at all"
Respect is earned. Not demanded - by rank, position, or title. It ia the person who earns respect
Senator, he DOESN'T deserve your respect,much less of our service members who r willing 2sacrifice their lives 4 him and us! 
#IMPEACH45NOW
1. The amount of respect Trump is due is NONE.
2. Trump never knows what he's talking about.
#RESIST
Proud you're my senator!!  Heard you on All in ... tonight.  Great job!
Thank you for your service Senator Duckworth and for speaking out on this important issue
That's code for Stump needs more money for mar a lago golf trips and half cooked chocolate cake
Does he not realize there are currently a lot of trans* people serving in many capacities really well?
he's directly saying that jets that follow Gremlin rules are worth more than servicemen and -women
Thank you Senator Duckworth
How can anyone respect that POS!? He doesn't care about our military! He has crossed a line that is pathetic! This is a distraction, Russia
He doesn't know and has probably forgotten already.

Don't let him get away with this!
This has Mike Pence written all over it.
Thank you, Tammy!!
He's trying to bully so that we don't notice he's about to be impeached
All the same, we have to get behind the people he is bullying.
You are a partisan hack shameless!
Bone spurs
He doesn't know, because Bannon and Pence wrote it together and then stole his phone.
Thank you, Senator!  Grateful to have you representing me in the US Senate.
Thanks for your service Sen Duckworth and also your comments tonight on MSNBC. Proud to have a Sen who puts honor first unlike potus.
When "With all due respect" is a bit more of a flexible term than usual.  "With far more than due respect" might be better.
So put stipulations on what can or cannot be covered and offer the positions to post surgical trans people. It's simple bias nothing more.
"After consultation with my Generals and military experts"... bring it up with the Generals and Experts not POTUS
Lol! This is a rhetorical question, right? He doesn't know what he is talking about; he just pops off crap.
Tell him Tammy!
He's a disgrace and isn't fit to be Commander in Chief, those who volunteer to put their lives in danger for me deserve our respect.
Ma'am,Cant you folks find his "OFF-SWITCH"? PLEASE?
Go get him Tammy. So happy  you are one of my Senators.#resist
He don't know... he's speaking Pence and Bannons words!
Trump has secret service 4his family members going all over the world daily BUT it's $cost to maintain our military that's a problem?
He's saying Eff' you & them bc your "colleagues" on the other side of the isle has given them the green light! 
Nope he's definitely not due respect
Booker/Duckworth '20
Senility sets in.
Meanwhile there are untold number of heterosexual assaults & harassment but I guess he thinks those aren't a distraction.
The government spends $197.2B annunally on sex hormones, abortions, condoms, and baggy pants!  Don't you watch @foxnews? Yeesh.
This is a further emergence of the Trump/Bannon fascist ideology...attacking human rights with fabricated , sophistic fiction , more to come
It would have been cheaper to correct the spurs on @potus feet and avoided the draft perhaps then he would have known that there's no diff
Don't bother giving him respect, he has NOT earned it. Stole election, incompetent, lies incessantly, attacks/insults innocent/vulnerable.
Touché Mr. Trump. Absolutely the right decision to ensure the maintenance of good order and discipline. The military is not an experiment!!!
You want our government to hire mentally ill people are you nuts we have to help the wounded soldiers
$84 mill alone spent by military in 2014 for erection pills; $8.4 mil in 2016 for transgender service members. 
T says anything any time to turn subject from Russia investigation. Shame on him for abusing our trans military who are doing their jobs.
he's not due ANY respect.  being president of the US is now worthless as is he.
America's cyborg supersoldier senator strikes again! #Resist this bigoted sucker punch, and @SenateMajLdr's awful #healthcare charade too!
He truly has no idea what he's talking about; The hamster wheel is at a slow grind up there underneath the blond wig.
Much respect and thanks for your service.
When I served the only thing I cared about was the technical skill and the readiness of my unit. Not who they dated or their personal lives.
"With all due respect"???? What has he done to be "due" respect?
Some info that Trump was angry that money was being taken away from his wall plan. More will be revealed.
Draft Dodgers should have no say. And if we stopped paying for endless golf trips, it would more than pay for trans soldiers.  He's pathetic
Oh, well, he's preventing ppl from getting certain jobs based on a presumption that it will increase medical costs and be a disruption.
It's basically illegal on all fronts.
You served @realDonaldTrump didn't. Thank you Tammy.
Can you please point me to your outrage/comments about this issue prior to 2016??  You feel so strongly now, prob then too, right?
Victory is burdened by not allowing the best and the brightest to volunteer
Let's stop buying Viagra for the troops.
@realDonaldTrump is not due ANY respect. He is disrespectful to nearly everyone who is not exactly like him and is very ignorant. SAD!
Trump has no clue what he's talking about. That's one of the problems.
I think pence was a woman.  We need to demand that we see his birth certificate and pictures!
Cutting back just 3 of Trump's trips to gold at his Florida property would cover any expected costs he is so worried about.
Trump is such a disgrace to the human specie and likely a disappointment to the god he worships
We need to spend that money we save on a small portion of $ 400b fighter jets that can't fly in bad weather
Time to stop beginning tweets with "With all due respect"... he doesn't deserve ANY. Not now, not ever. #IdiotInChief #LiarInChief #Traitor
Thankfully we have a president who is serious about cutting our $21 trillion debt that is putting our country under!  MAGA again!
I offer no respect but would like 45 to admit how much is spent on erectile disfunction?
#questionoftheday
Cut out his golf trips and his viagra---we could end world hunger.
Medical cost not a factor. Remove the words "tremendous medical costs and", re-read it. THAT is the hateful motive #transmilitaryban
 He spends more on vacations than the military spends on conversions.
you are too kind, Senator. This illegit potus is due no respect. A court and/or sentencing date, maybe...
Winning with Viagra?
Thank you for having my community's back. I'm proud to have you as my Senator and I will vote for you again the next time you run
Respect is earned though; @POTUS certainly hasn't earned any and has spent every day destroying the inherent integrity of the office.
Trump doesn't deserve ANY respect(.)
I totally agree with you.  Since Trump doesn't give respect, I can't give him any respect back.
Yes B
With absolutely no respect Mr Trump, I can't call you president, many of us remember the order, "smoke 'em if you got 'em". This costs $$$$
Tammy Duckworth 2020
He's due NO respect whatsoever!
With all due respect,@realDonaldTrump, BAHAHAHAHAHA
You get what you give. Score card 0 - 0 
#TheResistance #ImpeachTrump
And How many were going through sex change during your Rescue?
Thank you Senator.  I, as a civilian,  can express my opinion on this travesty, but you are a Veteran. No one can dispute your service. TY!
That you for standing with our military members @SenDuckworth.
He didn't mind spending a tremendous amount on security for his wife and son while they lived in New York instead of at the white house.
He has no earthly idea.
Ah, now we have it=back 2money-always the bottom line='$$$$cash cow' seeker strips medical care from all dissimilars 2self-serve similars?!
much more class than 45 deserves. I admire your patience, senator
Trump the low down dirty draft dodger
He doesn't know. He just babbles like an idiot while numerous GOP nod like fools. The Emperor's new clothes.
No one knows, including him.
45 is not an educated man in any way and yet he feels his ramblings on any subject R2B inflicted on America without researching anything!
Join the Army, fight on a battlefield, until then please shut up. You don't know what you're talking about.
There arent thousands if Trans in the military. Stop lying all the time.
Why, have YOU counted them?
DSM-5: people who experience intense, persistent gender incongruence can be given the diagnosis of "gender dysphoria."
Members of the Military should turn their backs on POTUS at the next roll call.Trump clear & present danger to Nation and those who serve it
what he means to say is.... "I feel threatened so I'm going to randomly attack a vulnerable group to distract my enemies"
Easy target. He's constant in hate monger upping his attack on undoc saying they slice/dice beautiful girls His hate speech is troubling
From the bottomless intellectual pit.
