Good God, Tammy. I can't believe an elected official could be so immature as you.
Oh pipe down. She lost both legs on a combat mission while DT was scamming real estate investors.
Keep playing the victim card. Sure does get you far in life with suckers.
Jean you're the dumb one cuz it's true. You justified her immaturity by branding her a victim.
Be more ridiculous please. She chose military service & served bravely. Unlike trump.
Non sequitur. Why don't you get it. Her serving and losing her legs has nothing to do with the horrible immature thing she said.
I'm sorry you find her remark offensive. I think DT's recent goof w the Russians fully merits it.
@MalcolmNance Unless you know that they are the enemy and that you have turned. . .then you do. Trump isn't stupid.
You are my favorite senator for this exact reason, and I don't even live in Illinois, I live in the great state of Washington 
Have you been a POTUS?  If not, who the f**kl are you to give one advice? Just curious. Maybe advise VA Not to let vets die on waiting lists
She is such a hero that while vets were dying on waiting list ..not a peep or tweet. Voted to give VA Employees bonuses. So there's that...
Don't bet on him listening to you. I live with ADD & he shows all signs of having Adult ADD. #TrumpOut
He shows signs of more than that...they are dedicating a narcissistic, personality disorder, psychopathic classification all his own!
You nailed it & it's beyond scary! 
The rules are apparently different when it's dictator to dope. He'll find a way to fuck it up, for sure.
Is this about the "ISIS" #leak
Tell it to Hillary Senator Duckworth
Maybe you should also be warning him about any plans he has for this years' 4th of July DC fireworks show in case he found the scud missiles
"Friends" might be the keyword here.
Nor is fake news!
Not sure where people don't understand the inability of #45 to control any #BodilyFunction (let alone his mouth.) #TREASON!
It's not like "locker room talk" where you brag about grabbing pussies. Geesh. You'd think we might have gotten a clue how childish he is.
agree
Lol. All of a sudden you care about classified material exposed? Laughable. Thousands  of classified  emails accessible  to Russians.
Trump doesn't have any friends.
True, true, true!
" classified intel is not something you use to impress your friends". Tit works for getting women. I've told more than John Le Carre.
Hot damn, I knew I voted for you for a reason.
Does POTUS know about the violence that erupted near Turkish embassy? No. Erdogan bodyguards beat protesters.
This is INSANE. Erdogan’s goons rough up Kurdish protesters ON EMBASSY ROW, as D.C. cops valiantly try to stop them. https://twitter.com/VOATurkish/status/864631567972540417 …
He's head of state of invaluable strategic NATO ally you fool. Geopolitics too tough for you?...Come home & make illegal alien IDs for Rham.
Yeah, the braggart just sold the Mossad down the river along with our relationship with them.
Now that's funny!
And such interesting friends he had...
Putin, Erdogan, Duerte...
Nobody is safe while this monster is in office. Particularly not our founding principles...
@cwsoxfan. Don't assume unless you SEE the proof.
Assume what?
Sadly, for him, it is
Im sure Donald J Traitor said " hey look mine is bigger " !!! And Russian spy's laugh and say " yes donny yours is bigger , do you have more
senator now is the time for impeachment before its too late trump is not fit to tweet let alone govern
Right on, @TammyforIL!! Perhaps our president needs a primer in 8th grade civics.
Too late I'm afraid. The attitude of @realDonaldTrump @GOP is that the President can do ANYTHING he wants...no consequences. @NancyPelosi
I'm so glad I voted for you Senator. Hot damn was that a hell of a burn.
Sad virtue signalling, you sound like you are still at high school.
Is Flynn still on Contract w Turkey? Trump/Russia leak source Erdogan? Connect the dots?
Being President 101....Trump must have missed that one, along with his intel briefings
Needs to prove they let him sit at big boy table now
Sadly, I suspect the Toddler-in-Chief is incapable of following that advice.
Or keep on an unsecured server, or Anthony wiener's labtop like HRC  ?
One thing he is not going to do is advise Erdogan to defend the freedom of the press in Turkey.
Tammy you must run for president in 2020. You'd win.
Why doesn't he stick to good ol'fashioned bit talk like size....ohhhhh right...... #tinyhands
Boy talk!!
For the sake of our journalists and military brass, let's hope DJT doesn't become Erdogan's "friend."
everything about pres office is to impress friends, they think our govt is a charade, bread and circuses for great unwashed while they steal
I bet Trump was that kid that everyone HATED that would go on and on and on about how bad-ass *his* GI Joe with the Kung Fu Grip was, LOL!!!
LOL, yep....and it seems that his sons have the same aura
Independent  investigation  or  impeachment  or  both ! At this point ,  I'm  not  choosy. He needs to be gone.
With friends like these, who needs enemies?
Are there any briar patches on the White House grounds? If Erdogan dared the President to jump in one, would he?
Dayummmmmmm

Will TrumpCare cover that burn?
What can we do to get rid of him and his team? We Americans want to sleep well. We're Stressed the Fluck Out Every Single Day #Help
Or worse >> TO MAKE FRIENDS ... 
@realDonaldTrump is SO NEEDY he'll say/do ANYTHING for praise! 

"A man who can be baited ..." @Hillary
@fangpusskins And a good "to do" would have been to learn how to pronounce Erdogan's name correctly.
Stop being such a desperate cry baby. Trump is doing great things .get behind him
Also, these men are not your friends.
The POTUS must be stopped NOW. 

Get off of your partisan/cowardly/traitorous backsides &

DO SOMETHING! 

DANGER is now real folks.
Or adversaries
Come on, those guys are his locker room buds. They share everything.
Gulen better have his shit packed up and ass hauling. Trumpass will drive Erdogan over to his house if praised properly.
Dumpf does 
Terribly insecure & incompetent people do this!
Not to you.  It is ok to use a third party intel if they say so.  #StandWithIsrael
Another reminder to POTUS about his meeting with President Erdogan: President Erdogan is not his friend.
I believe he should not make the treat; he will do serious harm to the US on the global stage.
He's more likely looking to GET info from Erdogan on how to take over government/become a dictator, instead of giving info out.
Agreed! He needs to learn a card trick, pull a rabbit out of his hair or just give them two scoops instead of one.
Is a duckworth 1 general on the record?
Where the hell you been?
Want to take back my vote.
Or those you would like to make friends with.
The whole "It's OK if the President does it" has gone way too far. How many people have died behind djt foolishness? 
You have to include Piece Of Totally Useless Shit's handle, else he will not read it. @realDonaldTrump There, fixed it for you.
no chit
President Costanza: "Was that wrong? Should I not have done that?"
You tell him Senator!
Please grind EVERYTHING to a halt, senator, and don't budge until we get a special investigation & prosecutor.
Why are we not seeing articles of impeachment out of Senate offices? Even if they get shot down, they should be filed.

It's a shame that #Dolt45 has to be reminded of this.
He'll sell out the Kurds   Watch
Duckworth2020
SenDuckworth, we are BEGGING the Senate to get control of this runaway train b4 irreparable damage is done to America and Americans. PLEASE!
You do if you're childish as hell
Nice to see you read the daily Democrats briefing. How about doing some real senatorial work?
He's probably already given #Erdogan all kinds of goodies about US allies, the Kurds, who #Erdogan calls terrorists!
Or your enemies
Ma'am, who or what has led you to believe that Lumpy can be reasoned with?
why do we need Congress to "remind" potus not to blab classified Intel to foreign visitors, is this our country now???
So Russia and Turkey drop by for coffee and state secrets, and now Trump's road show heads abroad -- should be a quiet couple of weeks, eh?
Ha!!!
Go Tammy!! I mean Senator Duckworth.  We need you!!
We are so vulnerable right now with Lt Gens even lying for the SOB.  Shameful.  #TrumpRussia and congress doesn't do a thing to stop him.  
But it is something you convey to Russian mobsters who have the good on you
IT IS WHEN YOU DEALING WITH SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO BE THE FIRSTEST WITH THE MOSTEST
Stick with crowd size. People are used to that.
Too late! He has more than likely been doing this all along. Get real, please. This is Trump we are talking about.
Please start impeachment processes NOW.
Dayum
Reminder to everyone else: Apparently, it is.
Is it just me, or are there no women at the Erdogan luncheon table?
It depends; maybe he's got nothing else that's ahhh...impressive. Hard facts trump soft...well, #Trump.
Thank you, Tammy! Keep up the great work!
Could you imagine if someone actually set a honey trap for this dolt? They'd have the launch codes faster than you can order Jimmy John's.
Trump has friends? I thought the only people he had were either sycophants, or were playing him.
https://patribotics.blog/2017/05/16/exclusive-u-s-marshals-readying-plan-approved-by-justice-dept-official/ …   
We may be in for a treat... an end to this Trojan Horse President and his cabal of traitors
Next we will hear the President has every right to sell classified information to whoever he sees fit.
@kurteichenwald you realize your national security head said the story was false, right? Even backed it up with a news conf.
Love it
Trump: if I give President Erdogan, Fethullah Gulan in a bag, in return for huge piles of $$$$, no one will know...

more $

Trump rules!
He also needs to know how to correctly pronounce Erdogan's name. He also needs to resign.
Hi Tammy!
Been a babbler mouth with classified intel clearly demonstrate how incompetent Trump is.
He doesn't have any friends.
Your line got everybody like
Very Good!
Love my Senator
POTUS for Dummies... Someone should have given this to him early in the campaign.
I'd rather he brag about the size of his "hands!"
Love you LTC Hooah!
Memo reminder on foreign trip!! I'm nervous about this trip??
Nor are Putin and Erdogan friends! Even if Trump admires their autocracies, he must understand that a strong US is not in their interests
@slack2thefuture another reminder: it's pronounced 
ER-DO-WAN. 
I'll add that to the list of things I NEVER thought I'd see a Senator NEED to tell a President.
@potus
Not to mention enemies.
And/or potential enemies!
A reminder for POTUS before his meeting with President Erdogan: autocratic foreign leaders are not your friends
@kurteichenwald The fact that #potus twitts that he has "the right to" diclassify any intel doesn't scare any1? #russia #trump
Damnit Tammy!
I Know More Secrets than You Do! Aren't I Special?
He has already compromised the operatives....he can tell Turkey the same thing...'he already declassified' another country's intel.....
Also, learn how to produce Erdogan. How embarrassing.
o yeah and by th way great win Mr President
Or our enemies.
Neither is a war injury. But you've made an entire career off it.
No Sh!t!!
@Senate @Congress  @NBC There ARE NO Rules, Chaotic, No Respect, No Thought Put Into ANYTHING! That's Your 6 Time Business Bankrupt PICK!
BAM, Sistah.
XOXO
I particularly noted that 45 acted like getting intel briefings was something special just for him. He really doesn't understand being Pres.
Keyword friends.
Tammy Tammy just shut up and only talk about what you know about
trump has to go  - he is endangering us all
It literally sickens me that shitgibbon is in Oval Office let alone meeting with foreign dictators..#ImpeachTrumpNow
Thank you, Senator. Please keep up the pressure for a special independent investigation into this mess. Proud to call you my Senator.
So sorry that real patriots have to work with treasonous Trump admin. What a travesty! Thanks Tammy for your sacrifice & work!
Especially if lives were lost obtaining it
That's it exactly. His ego likes to boast about how important he is, regardless of the subject matter or to whom he speaks.Typical salesman
Except, this salesman is a con artist.
As are a lot of sales people.
. You are really really single minded and lost in the wilderness. With Hillary.
Go fly a kite, or take a long leap off a short pier.
Go ahead, Miss Tammy.
Tammy, your a neophyte and yet already a party hack. Please resign now. Then you can disregard the USA all you wish.
@iamdarylleon 
@realDonaldTrump Liar in Chief. Believe me. resign now. #TrumpRussia #StopPresidentBannon
Thank you Senator! Good to see someone with integrity working for us here in Illinois!
I'm really starting to feel unsafe.
Thank you my Senator

Drag him omfg yes queen
Also, murderous tyrants should not be friends.
Someone should make sure "the American Press" is in the room!
OMG, we can only imagine what he has already divulged?
Or hostile nations pretending to be your friends so you tell them secrets.
Say it louder for your silent GOP colleagues in the back, Sen. Duckworth!!
Yep. If he dares you to whip it out, just do it. He might laugh, but it won't potentially cause anyone's death.
oh but it is if your only friends are Russian and they have kompromat on you and are threatening to share it.
Neither is Uranium or Arms
You should find out whether everyone in the room for that meeting had the appropriate security clearance to hear the info. Go there.
Believer of #FakeNews You need to be a one term wonder.
How about remembering 1st loyalty to country & Constitution, not your business interests
#DOLT45 conflates power with virtue, thus he admires authoritarian leaders - Putin, Duterte, Erdoğan. No way can he be trusted with intel!
Your "friends "who interfered with our election & you are suspected of colluding with?? YA THINK???

And the people in question are not our friends!
Trump would probably hand over everything he has to learn how to become a dictator like Erdogan
But they brought him a picture of the electoral map!!!
Especially since NO ONE was authorized to share the intel you gave Lavrov, our ENEMY
Tammy Duckworth, I don't know how you become a senator but I believe that your brain is same size of a duck 
Lol that's cute. Tammy has 10 times the class and brains of our narcissist, ego stroking embarrassment of a President

Don't worry. Erdogan doesn't work for Putin.
It's doubly not something one uses to impress one's frenemies.  #resist, Senator!
Unless they're russians.
BREAKING NEWS: Russia denies that Trump was born in Russia and was "flown" into US in a cargo ship when he was two
....or enemies
If you create a graphic, he might pay attention! Or better yet, call Fox and let them tell him!

He should not go. He can not be trusted.

What about the size of his popular vote victory?  Is that OK to mention?
I'm sure he's bring an election map graphic as a gift of state...
Yup!
