I will thoroughly assess #JudgeGorsuch's rulings & writings on a range of issues, particularly on #civilrights and #disabilityrights 2/3
It's vital the #SCOTUS serve as an independent, objective check on POTUS & Congress. #JudgeGorsuch must prove he can fulfill that duty 3/3
Thank you for your willingness to research this candidate before reaching a conclusion.
I would hope so, but good luck! We woman will go back to 2nd class citizens to be seen and not heard. Stay strong!
Keep in mind @SenatorDurbin confirmed his previous appointment.
Please filibuster. The empty seat now on SCOTUS was stolen and can only be filled by President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland
Please block this nomination! We need a centrist...not another extremist! We are counting on you!
no to Gorsuch for SCOTIS
.@SenDuckworth Glad to hear that! I have just written you a letter asking you to oppose his nomination.
oppose him.
Evaluate "Fascism Forever" Founder :
fight it with all you got! Illinois is with you!
Good. Keep in mind, he was thoroughly vetted in 2006 and approved unanimously.  Not the time to be a Partisan obstructionist.
Hello, constituent here! I am very disappointed that you  you have voted yes on 4/5 trump nom's, he's dangerous.
please reconsider and take a more forceful stance against him, or the voters will have to reconsider you.
seriously, just say no. They're trying to steal it. Do not let them.
and then vote "hell no, that's Merrick Garland's seat."
you should give Gorsuch the same evaluation that Merrick Garland got! That only seems fair :)
Thank you, Senator. He doesn't pass my smell test either!
yes, my friend - read between the lines. Diplomatic W/him but this guy is CLEARLY an extremist.
Reid was awful but we can all be glad he put nuclear option on table. Now if McConnell will use it. 
Hopefully Democrats realize this is not the time to pull a Partisan stunt - IL resident
oh okay (HAHAHAHA)
.@SenDuckworth demand better. Demand Garland be seated.
Filibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibusterfilibu
Any Dem Senator that votes for ANY nom not named Garland must be primaried. If you can't fight, we'll find someone that can.
good luck
as a person from your district, will your voice be for all the people or just the ones you agree with?
@LoriSums He is anti woman rights and Trump wants to open the Constitution to redefine the woman rights to Vote
@windsun33 please ask him about this, along with all his other issues...
Senator, thank you for your commitment. No need to play the childish games GOP played during Pres. Obama's administration.
vote NO now I'll vote YES to you in 2018. Block this coup. Vote No to #GorsuchNomination
Don't evaluate! It is obvious to all liberals and progressives that this is an opponent of all we believe in. Oppose. Be brave
as a constituent, I oppose his appointment. I will call your office with the same message.
Senator, I will be out your office everyday and expect you to fight against this nomination.  I voted for you.
Vote no Senator. Thank you.
Please filibuster. I admire your strength and leadership. Use that to block this nomination.
Please filibuster.  We voted for you to stand up to @realDonaldTrump that's why we chose you over @MarkKirk
.@SenDuckworth Thank you Tammy. We are looking to you to lead in displaying  political courage.
you can't just have one party playing by the rules. Dems in tough position.
this nomination belongs to @BarackObama. No hearings on Gorsuch until Garland gets one.
please do and also please don't let politics cloud your judgement.
Don't filibuster. Let us have our country back. Make government work. If someone is qualified, don't deny him like the GOP did
I sort of want a fight, I sort of don't. He deserves his hearing. It's not his fault how this went b4. We should listen. Thx!
and all democrats take seriously that the GOP stole Obamas SCOTUS from him
Filibuster. No SC pick for Drumpf until Merrick Garland confirmed
Nonsense. Your responsibility is to filibuster any nominee who is not Merrick Garland. #Resist Do not allow the GOP a steal.
Confirming Gorsuch is affront to Garland and affirms the Repubs unconstitutional action. Dont confirm. Support filibuster!
Care for the American people who are democrat! Vote AGAINST GORSUCH! 48 dem. senators, 41 against needed! #StandUp & #StepUp
Please do not consider any SCOTUS nominee other than Merrick Garland. Play by GOP rules this time. #FilibusterGorsuch
- No hearing, same as Garland.
Go Senator, go!  We support you.
This SCOTUS choice STOLEN fm @POTUS44. Unconstitutional! UNACCEPTABLE! Merrick Garland or FILIBUSTER! FAIR IS FAIR! @LAWRENCE
He defends the constitutional rights without emotion or personal feeling. He leaves the writing of law to congress as should
I voted for you. You betray constitutional duty by allowing stolen SCOTUS to proceed = ratifying theft, not correcting it.
thank you Tammy! When Trump is out of power I hope GOP will remember your dedication to your job, I wish they'd do the same!
Thank You, Tammy!
#REPRESENT 
Bork him!
remember how Merrick Garland was treated, this is his seat
When that hearing opens, I assume you'll say "Mr. Chairman, we have unfinished business" and vote to confirm Garland.
hahahaha not how it works.
fight for us the unprotected women n LGBTQ community
Do NOT approve Gorsuch. Block him permanently. Exactly as McCain & Cruz pledged to do with any noms Hillary might have made.
#SCOTUS NOM #mootpoint anyway as @GOP stated we cannot confirm @SCOTUSnom during a campaign #Trump already filed to run #2020
Great point!
Please oppose #SCOTUSnominee Gorsuch for #WomensRights
do you mean women's rights to end the lives of others?
Gorsuch seems unfriendly to workers and women; friendly to billionaires and their corporations.  Pls vote no..ty!
2005 Real ID ACT Illinois non compliance January 2018 unless extension again we will need passport to Fly in America
Filibuster.

Join the filibuster. He is extreme and seat is stolen. Signed, a constituent.
Treat Gorsuch with the same courtesy the GOP showed Garland. No hearing. No vote.
D's don't control Senate so can't say No hearing. R's did so they could. Thank goodness. #gorsuch
Vote no or I'll vote no on you in 6 years.
Gorsuch is on wrong side of issues: access to justice, corporate accountability, workers’ rights, & women’s health. Vote NO!
Sounds like you need to worry more about #Chicago. That place is a war zone!
Garland never got a hearing a hearing and neither should Gorsuch. I believe you are brave enough to lead the #Resistance

Oh? You weren't too worried about The Constitution when Obama was President! #SCOTUS
you are useless that is why we are all leaving Illinois start doing your job
No you won't, you will do what your party tells you like a goof little Democratic puppet...like BERNIE!
fill a buster.
Filibuster!!
Everyone that's crossed trump has lost. Wanna keep that cushy do nothing job, vote yes!
.@billright50 @senduckworth can't be fired by @realDonaldTrump,and his #ApprovalRating will remain too low for him to help anyone beat her.
"I take seriously my constitutional responsibility" Unlike the 2016 R Senators. I have every confidence in your judgement
Please put him under the microscope. He'll be on court for 50 yrs. if confirmed. Appt. 2 critical to rush his confirmation.
Garland Merrick or bust!
filibuster!!!!!!!!!!
it's like in #LOTR #ThouShallNotPass
ok. But he's a well-dressed freak.
