Well done! These applicants cannot be allowed to skirt around the questions asked of them. If they can't answer they shouldn't get the job
It's probably because you are a female. They're just a bunch of neanderthals
Koudos to you Senator Duckworth! Dismayed at all the empty chairs around you, but not surprised. Love "you're not ready to work at EPA"!
GOPERS ARE SIMPLY DEFYING CONGRESS W/NON-ANSWERS. THEY ARE A CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO OUR DEMOCRACY. NEXT THEY'LL BE PREACHING NAZISM!
Get em Tammy
Thank you Senator Duckworth!!!!
@SenDuckworth is another woman I admire - who stands up for what is right!  The type of person I want leading my country.
#VoteforNastyWomen
She did a Great Job!!! Awesome  Job!!! Absolutely Proud Of her!!! Salute
You were awesome!! Had no idea how tenacious you are are brave, but of course you are, American patriot and soldier.
Is there anyone that this administration nominates that is not corrupt? Please hold out. Most corrupt administration in history!
"I'm not ready to answer that question"; "Yeah well, I don't think you're ready to go work at EPA!" LOL!!!
This business of not answering questions asked or telling questioner what they should be asking is bullsh&t. Be a man and answer yes or no.
Snidley "Whiplash" Dourson
Also really impressed how prepared you were with research on hand
Hold him in contempt, Senator!
Will you hold yourself to this same stamdard. Will you provide direct answeres to questions asked of you and not give a dance around?
Has the EPA removed that statement from their website yet? You know that's next.
This is what a budding kleptocracy looks like
As a chemistry teacher and constituent, I'm so proud you chose to fight for what's right and call out bad science. Way to go! #msurbanstem
Thank you Tammy! I am a Chicago resident and this is the toxicity we need to keep out of the EPA! @ScottPruittOK needs to resign!
Thank you Tammy!
what's really telling about this hearing: 14 empty chairs. @SenDuckworth: why were so many of your colleagues MIA?
Thank you! The EPA is in turmoil and absolutely needs people pushing back on its leadership.
Look at that pudgy white in the pockets of big money, creep. They will not stop scamming America for 4 years!
Reclaiming your time!  Unfortunately the EPA is already in the Koch pockets. I wouldn’t be surprised if they removed about the harmful chemicals from their website.
Puke!
He's defiantly ignoring you
Thank you @SenDuckworth !!!
Keep in him!  Thank you Senator!!
I'm so jealous of @SenDuckworth constituents. I have Marco Rubio who is too afraid to hold town halls because he says people are mean to him
BOOM!!
you did a great job but we all know he's going to get confirmed
I'm damn proud to call you my US Senator! Keep up the good work. We'll get you some help in 2018
I started following politics in 5th grade after a Rep spent 10 minutes not answering my question
Now know why I donrt fit Koch culture when applied for job: I have a heart! (applied years ago B4 I understood the creulity of Koch bothers)
Bravo, Tammy! He's such a weasel.
Thank you Senator Duckworth.
Michael @mdourson 
 https://twitter.com/mdourson/status/584480015342964737 …
I'm not surprised they didn't ignore you!
Do you have a chance of stopping this?
Thank you.
Typical politician
You rock! I wish you would run for president thank you for standing up for USA citizens!
In light of his past involvement in this issue, he should have been fully prepared to answer that question
which means, he is another scumbag
Another unqualified trump troll. How original.
Thank You Tammy!  NO!  He is NOT ready to go. Work at the EPA!!!!  Thank you for your hard work on this committee.
I have never seen EPA put out a press release praising a nominee before. Really unbecoming of an Agency.
Thank you!
   well done, Senator!
He sounds like any ordinary politician. No straight answers.
Hold him in criminal contempt
Thank you for doing the right thing and trying to prevent appmts that weaken the EPA from within!
Did you reclaim your time? I hope so!!!
You're so great. We have to keep up on them the GREAT LAKES matter and our in real danger. @EPAScottPruitt you will get just deserts.
Wuuussssss. Don't mess with this Veteran!!!
Well you're a girl, Senator, so...
Go girl!!! 
Thank you.

crushed it with that "I'd like to reclaim my time" line
@SenDuckworth  You are a bad ass.  I think I found a new favorite official. You put him in his place. Love it when we protect constituents!
You have to love (and respect) Tammy Duckworth! Thank you Senator!!!

Reclaim your time...
Because you can't ask a logical question.
So you don't think that the question was logical?
Because the EPA is run by yet another unqualified person to even understand your question?????
Pivoting has become an art form! Who knew?
Thank you for your continued service...Madam President.
Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeez!
Senator,  why is this the norm now?
Brava!!!
that's it: "then I don't think you're ready to go work at the EPA"  that's what need now.  no more meek Democrats!
Three strikes and he's OUT.
thanks Tammy
Don't allow this.  Keep at him til you get a yes or no.
Your luck, we would have just ignored you.
