Analysis: This executive order is Trump’s most significant step yet to undermine Obamacare http://wapo.st/2hDqR3U 
This EO won’t “improve access” or “lower costs”—it will raise costs for seniors & Americans w/pre-ex conditions & lead to higher premiums
Time to file a lawsuit.
Derail by impeachment?
And we're all going to suffer.
Enough is enough. Get rid of this MOFO now.
The never ending uncertainty is like a game of torture to me. Why is this president so determined to make the ACA end?
He is so jealous of everything Obama accomplished. Must be insecure in his attacks on 44 verbally and on his policies
Obama policies just about gone 
I want him to screw his base! When will we learn that you get no credit for saving people from themselves!
He is doing what most people In this country Knows what need to be done Quit expecting handouts And do your job D fund Chicago!
Agreed. Many of us need the ACA to even have insurance. I don’t believe trump understands preexisting conditions or uninsurability.
Since I have had open heart surgery, blind in left eye, hearing impaired, KRAS VARIANT POSITIVE - will I be insurable
I wanted Trump's oppinion
But it was OK when Obama went around Congress to do the same thing right?
So what's the plan? Impeach him? New bills to stabilize and prevent his BS? I know my preference...
I wonder where he learned that trick.
Every American who loses healthcare should send their medical bills directly to Trump.
I know that his actions will negatively affect my private  health care. #IMPEACH
His ways are not our ways
Well said Tammy!!
No dignity, no empathy, no honor, no wisdom, no decency, no common sense, no integrity, NO LEADER.
Americans deserve better.
#45 is shameless 
Trump isn't cognizant enough to have given birth to this 'ugly baby'...it has GOP stink all over it!
@realDonaldTrump you can keep dismantling President Obama's achievements! But history will look back fondly on him! You'll look like a fool!
Just like President Barack Obama changed ACA in HIS favor, Trump changing to HELP all Americans! Congress has done NOTHING
He learned from the best at it, Obama.
The democrats word of the day.   Sabotage lol
It'll backfire, no doubt.He's so thin-skinned he's trying to "unexist" (Orwellian term) all things with Obama's stamp, even if it hurts USA.
Stand up to him and figure out a way to remove him and Pence. Thank you.
I have a feeling this one will blow up in his face and the face of the GOP...

The fact still remains that they have shit as a replacement and it'll never get out of the Senate
Didn’t Obama dismantle the economy with executive orders?
The sliver of silver lining is now he's going to be responsible for the failure of healthcare. He acts out of hatred of all things Obama...
Trump along with the entire @GOP don't give a flying fu@k whether the poor, sick, or old have access to healthcare. They'd rather them die.
Criminal
He is the lowest of the low, hurting people who need affordable care simply to erase Obama’s legacy.
Are all you dems using the word sabotage or am I seeing things??? You all are sad...
When are we going to hear our killed in action honored by someone from the executive branch. Who cares about the NFL, respect our soldiers!
#TrumpCare Call it what it now is!
When will he be impeached??
His supporters will be the first to feel the pain. silver lining
I thought trump didn't like the POTUS legislating from the WH, or is it ok just because it's him.
Welcome to the #TrumpCrimeFamily America.

Making Morticians Great Again!
#TrumpLies #Trumpcare
Is this the calm before the storm?
I never hated anyone more than I hate that piece of shit.
Can this be challenged in court?
Yes, just like they did with DACA and President Obama
Shut him down
The world is watching as the US crumbles rapidly under trump
It already happened with Obama’s
He took an oath. #25Ammendment

That's just how my mother look the first time I gave her that dementia medicine didn't realize she only needed to take it at night to sleep
Here you go...

#25thAmmendment
@realDonaldTrump 
#25thAmmendment
@realDonaldTrump
#25thAmmendment
@realDonaldTrump
#25thAmmendment
@realDonaldTrump
the ACA is crumbling w/25million people without insurance already &11 million who can't afford their deductible, you democrats are pathetic

Start impeachment proceedings before he completely destroys our country
 your delusional
Why won't you stop this Order!!
God bless potus!  Standing up for America and her people.
Im sure the President is tired of trying to work with a bunch of elitist special interest Senators that are far more concerned for themselve
Never in my lifetime have I ever seen the Senate this dysfunctional and self serving!
will it be taken to court?
#25thAmendmentNow what are you waiting for? Trump is a sadistic sociopath! @GOP you will all be  #Complicit when he kills half the world.
Good go trump
Funny how you were silent when Obama was EO'ing his ass off changing the law as he saw fit.
Even funnier that to you EO’s aren’t okay when the black guy does them.
Even funnier is that, when lacking an actual argument, you have to use the race card...once again. Obama was about as Black as you. SMH
No sweetie.  You people bitched and moaned for eight years, but we’re silent all during Bush and Trump.  We are just connecting dots. Sorry.
