The U.S. issued new guidelines for the revised travel ban http://nyti.ms/2umKXE8 
Who knew discrimination was so complicated?
Who blew off your legs??
Now you want to let them in this country so they can blow off mine shame on you
Give us our own country please
He should keep his grandkids out of the White House then since they aren't close relations
I agree with you. I was at the airport protesting in January. But once the Supreme Court has spoken (for now), there's not much we can do.
its fine with me. Guess what, it is also #legal. Why are you not worried about my safety?
F Dump
An utter disgrace just like his whole presidency
It's craziness. Step-sisters OK but not grandmas??
What do you expect to come from a disgraceful thoughtless administration?
Really
Agreed, but it is based on current citizenship sponsorship rules. My MIL sponsored by aunt in 70s couldn't come to this country now.
Much like his behavior.
Crazy huh? That's Chump for you.
So proud of my Senators from Illinois.  Great job!
Our last best hope was the judiciary upholding our Constitution. Very worried.
Thank you, Senator!  We need more women in leadership....especially women like you!
My dad took off when I was 12.  During my teen years, my maternal grandfather was my acting father.
https://twitter.com/anandwrites/status/880850350873300993 …
As is everything he puts forth!
Like everything else he does. So glad you're there representing me in DC.
Thank you for your sanity and integrity!
Anyone, Anyone tries to keep me from my grandchildren. Well, it Would get Ugly! #MuslimBan
how would he feel if he couldnt see his grandkids? Assuming he loves someone other than himself. This is Trump after all.
If a dem did this the GOP talking point would be... "see grandma trump doesn't believe you are part of the family" do the same thing
Illogical is his middle name.
What about the 90 day period to look at vetting?  What have they been doing?
Go Tammy !!!
Pres Trump is totally illogical & an utter disgrace, is the problem.
Cut out the baloney and fix our state. Shame on all you politicians. Illinois is a big joke! Corruption a plenty!
Trump's #TravelBan isn't a #MuslimBan & has no such wording in it. You are whining about gift exemptions added by SCOTUS.Ungrateful wretches
Yes, especially since the 90 days they needed for analysis has long passed. It's just ridiculous.
Talk to SCOTUS about this now. Sigh.
Because his registered communist F-I-l is the exception.. he has rules 4everyone else and his rules that fit his needs! Welcome 2the new 
Do Tillerson's grandkids know he's not really  close to them when they sit on his knee and flash longhorn signs together? Are they related?
I think the Trump admin should take it to the bare bones: spouses and children only!
Trump did not establish that relatives could come; that was the Supreme Court, so are you saying our Supreme Court is an utter disgrace?
It sucks that's the only way the ban would pass.
Sister is okay, her husband and kids aren't.
I'm sorry you have to work in such an atmosphere of stupidity. If I could say it nicer, I really would, as my 1st g'baby arrives in October
Please Stop.What you are saying does not represent Illinois' or my own interests.Obstructionism won't fix our fiscal Crisis Chicago caused.
Not a Muslim ban.
Could it be because 45s in laws are immigrants
You are unpatriotic. You should be ashamed of your behavior as well as the rest of the Democrats. I will never vote for you again.
I know you rely on the ignorance of your constituents, but for you to continue to call this a #MuslimBan is just plain stupid.  #YitpoH
It makes no sense, but given this country's current leadership, it's hard to imagine why anyone would want to come here. #MuslimBan
Go get em Tammy
Thank you for speaking up for sanity and morality, Senator.
Sweden now has SIXTY ONE no-go zones where the police don't even go in there, with a full blown rape crisis.  Protect WOMEN, not refugees
"totally illogical & an utter disgrace?" The answer: the leader of the Republican Party. After all, the fruit doesn't fall far from the tree
Well yes, what if this child escapes to Mexico, and comes back to bring drugs to fund the terrorists.
Everything 'T' does is the same. Bad.
Surely this provides the basis for renewed legal action.
Curious if it's a Muslim ban why aren't Christians from those countries allowed in either?
Now don't you know pesky little facts just get in the way when a liberal starts spewing bullshit?
his 'allowed' represents his cabinet of trusted family conspirators except too bad for grandchildren
Did you ever consider running for president? Just a thought
Duckworth 2020!!!
What did you expect?
So wait you have a Problem with SCOTUS decision that ruled 9-0 in favor of @POTUS 
LOL  
They decide what is constitutional not you Dear
It's dementia I tell ya, governmental dementia
AGREED! ALL should be banned until our country is at full employment and out of debt!
Brother in sister in laws are not OK either? Confusing indeed.
Our President is a disgrace and unfit for the office.
So clever, but no.
