"The program known as DACA that was effectuated under the Obama administration is being rescinded," AG Sessions says http://cbsn.ws/2iXKwiR  
#DREAMers are doctors, teachers, students& Servicemembers. They have mortgages&jobs. They know only 1 nation: the US, where they were raised
To end a program that allowed these patriots to come out of the shadows & more fully contribute to this country is irresponsible & heartless
Congress must act NOW and pass legislation to make #DACA the law of the land
When did "American values" come to mean rewarding people for their illegal behavior?
Thank you Senator! Please keep fighting for justice! #StandWithDreamers
Sessions looks happy,almost giddy about screwing over children. What a low life trump toady.
This was a gut wrenching betrayal of American values when the anointed one created a law on his own. You do know he was not a king
On Trump's America to be white is more important than hard work.
Trying to prevent outrage from becoming resignation-never thought a Pres would turn my morning commute into visualizing civil disobedience
Calm down Duckie. Quit playing to your left-wing lemmings and seek to do something about it. Besides pointing fingers and whining.
Thank you for fighting for #DACA !
Oh it's about rule of law and regaining some order from pen crazy Obama and his ridiculous exec. orders. The little turd should be in gitmo.
My little monkey man Jeff sessions. Your so cute big ears.
Actually, he looks more like one of the 7 dwarfs, Dopey, but that is an insult to Dopey.
And when your giddy about it as he is you can add "insidious" to that
Help us Tammy, we're a sinking ship
Let's get a pro-DACA law on the books before Christmas.
This is about getting as many people of color out of the US & immigration policy limiting folks of color coming in. It's about white power
Wrong 
Is about legal immigration vs illegal immigration
For children who came with their parents, without choice? Where's your conscience, sirrah?
Career racist AG who perjured himself under oath doesn't carry a lot of weight preaching about the rule of law.
Sessions needs to crawl back into his tree and make his Keebler Cookies and leave us alone. #KeeblerElf
It warms my heart that I don't have to bother calling your office to convince you to be a decent person. Thank you for representing us!
But little monkey  Jeff sessions skipped the line when God was giving out heart  values, courage, morals, but Jeff stayed in for monkey.
You need to do your homework.  DACA is on legal shaky ground.  The people that voted for u need to retract their votes.
Duckie, it seems the rule of law IS an essential American value. Harping on consequences of law breakers seems counterintuitive.

To the #EVIL AG #JeffSessions ... Contrary to your APPALLING  #DACA statement, there is NO #CollectiveWisdom in the #EVIL #Trump WH 
Advanced snowflake training.Yeah that'll do a lot.stick that thing in your own face. Do something that matters. Go load food boxes in Dallas
American values are the rule of law, Congress makes laws, they aren't on any deportation list, fix the laws!
The law is the law and must be followed. If it's incorrect, as a senator, change it.
Sence when does STUMP cares about the law well breaking the laws yes along with HIS lieing SESSIONS
Rule of law, really and how many times did he perjured himself ?!!!
Racism and hatred of immigrants of color
Ahem, some Americans actually have values and value other AMERICANS and you Dems keep proving over and over you're not on our side
This is about the GOP being petrified of losing their base due to old age and death.  Getting rid of brownskinned potential democrats is MO.
That is a lie we value our laws and our rules we should also value our borders grow up wake up illegal means you have broken the law
Why does Sessions seem so giddy to be announcing this?
When liberals are "outraged" you know you've done the right thing for America.  Thank you @POTUS
Hello American values are to follow the law. Fact
I am sick about what Trump & his swamp are doing to this country but we will survive because America IS GREAT! We r better than Trump.
Thank you! We need a strong DREAM act. I stand #withDreamers
So the laws passed by Congress and dictated by our constitution don't fall under American values bet you won't answer that call out
Unbelievable we can't do ANYTHING about the unbelievable cruelty and lack of competence in this administration
Wrong.  They were here illegally.  That's a fact, no opinion liberals can use will make that false.
2020
I stand with the #Dreamers. We are a nation of immigrants; we must honor the dream! #defendDACA #DACA #DREAMAct
This is not about the rule of law, it is about returning to the sovereign rule of the white man. #SaveDACA
It's about time! Same rules should apply ALL AROUND!
Sessions' memory has miraculously returned - remembers racist, anti-immigration agenda in ending DACA.
The rule of law says you shouldn't lie under oath. He should arrest himself.
Are you advocating the Executive Branch begining to write laws? Great so Trump has you backing to create laws as he sees fit. Nice of you!
You must not be familiar with "The rule of law".  Laws are created by the legislature, not a pen and a phone.
Rule of law, where was this when pardon of Joe? Follow the rule of law, important!? Not to trump!
The previous President thought he could dictate American values. You'd be wise not to make the same mistake!
The human and economic toll of threat and uncertainty of ending DACA is cruel and stupid. Congress should pass the Dream Act TODAY!
Seems like an easy remedy if Congress will get off their soap boxes and do their job. Quit whining about it and get it done. Got 6 months!
Racist move.
How can you tell who legal other than focus on Spanish speaking people. What sbout other nationalities ?
why did you hire awan brothers IT services and what other dealings did you have with them?
DACA ruled unconstitutional by 5th court and upheld by split decision in supreme court. Have you forsaken your oath to the constitution?
two words...Sheriff Joe.
You referring to the unconstitutional prosecution by political doj whom denied him of jury of peers?
These folks are honest, respectable men, women, and children that deserve a chance. Not raping, murdering, thieving criminals. Why the fear?
Why d/Congress make Laws that U find that are unlawful?
Why have a Congress? The American ppl follow laws that R
passed. Y not Immigration?
Get together with the Women Senators and come up with a solutions.  @lisamurkowski @PattyMurray @SenateGOP @SenateDems @SenFeinstein
As if you know anything about either , rule of law or American values.  So tired of liberal elites telling Americans what our values are...
Bot
The "Rule of Law" means nothing to The Trumpthugs. They pardoned Joe Arpaio! This is pure, unbridled racism & bigotry.
as opposed to Obama and Clinton pardoning/Commuting murderer terrorists and Drug traffickers? 
you should know hypocrisy is a negative term
Was obama wrong the 1st time or when he flip flopped
This is a dark day in America as hopes and dreams are in limbo for so many
What about these kids from past? Did they have dreams? Why were they left behind as American 'citizen' families? Why does ethnicity matter?
All things fair love and WAR
BS it will give jobs back to natural born citizens so stop crying and work with the best pres. we have had in yrs.

Nope. We love our Senators in Illinois.
I wish they were intelligent enough to understand the irony in calling DACA unconstitutional while they defend the Muslim ban
Fight back!  Introduce and promote legislation to make #DACA permanent.  @PattyMurray & @MariaCantwell will help you.
Legislation is the way it should have been done in the first place. 
Funny how they always bring of the rule of law speech to justify their hate. Where is the rule of law as Rump breaks Emoluments clause daily
Yeaaaaaa!!! #EmolumentsClause #Resist #PutinsPuppet
He also used the word "compassionate" when describing the decision.
Yeah, as "compassionate" as Hitler.
About as "compassionate" as retrying that woman for laughing at him during his confirmation hearing
So who's a terrorist now? Terrorizing children is about as low as you can go.
Coming from someone who perjured himself about #Russia this is astounding.
If AG Sessions puts enough  pins on his coat it'll mask all that racism. 
American values are to maintain the demographic makeup of the country as they were at the founding.
So only Native Americans, then? Ok, where do you live, I'll help you pack.
They lost, were conquered due to ignorance of modern weaponry and their own cultural identity. AIs have their own tribal communities, by law
