It would take black women 19 months to earn what white men earn in a year: http://glmr.co/7J6gD7F  
#BlackWomenEqualPay doesn't account for quiet "Black tax" rule; where Black folks work twice as hard as whites to compete. Put value on that
The equal pay act of 1963 makes it illegal to underpay someone for the same work
True. But the reality is it isnt enforced just like  when slavery was abolished, voting rights act, civil rights act, etc
Reality would say it's easier for a black person to accomplish education and most other job opportunities better than any other race
As suspected; Aversive Racism. See, you claim it's all fair, knowing damn well, it isn't. Further proves, America has a long way! Take care.
I said that it works more for the other side rather than the majority that's all I implies and suad, nothing is truly fair, good day
Yes, let's compare a black woman working at Walmart to a white male engineer. The injustice!
lol
#CognitivePrivilege
@Ckerr1 Thought you'd enjoy this post from @SenDuckworth . . . She and @SenatorDurbin represent IL well!
Glad we don't have to deal w/yahoos in the Senate like some states (the House is another story for my district - ugh).
Maybe your a corrupt il politician who does little for its ppl & more for yourself! We have fed guidelines unlike ur interns
But you got yours, so..
I thought you were a senator. Does the Equal Pay Act of 1963 not ring a bell?
This is America. We all have equal opportunities, not equal outcomes. You want equal wages, go to North Korea or Venezuela

Its a dam shame! Ppl can say its not true but it truly is! Everything is getting expensive & pay checks are staying the same isn't working!
This is BS, come on Tammy. It's ILLEGAL to pay people differently because of skin color. It IS LEGAL to do so via experience and skill.
experience and skill? in a white supremacist country like America?
Nice safety pin lol
So far you're a liar.
Thank you for fighting for black women! As someone who has been paid less than white men who I've supervised, this is so important!
Not happy with your Wray vote!
Seriously Tammy? Are you on the wage Gap myth train as well? It's an earnings Gap. It's literally law that you can't pay people less
Ok first check with http://Ancestry.com  you ain't black. Two make it equal for all not just the prejudice.
I'd be pissed if our receptionist made half of what I make.
How about Veterans and regular citizens reaching the same Healthcare Quality as you and your cronies!?
There is no wage gap.
What ridiculous pandering.  You're comparing apples and oranges, but you know that.
TAMMY. DUCKWORTH. FOR. PREZ. 2020. 
How long does it take white women?
Great solution Politician up for re-election
Good thing we won't have to wait that long since its been happening for a few decades now. funny thing facts are, huh?
Well said!
Idiot @SenDuckworth
I am very proud that @TheDemocrats have faith that @POTUS 45 can help #BlackWomensEqualPay after 8 years @potus44 doing nothing.@TeamTrump
hmm, show me this data base. you know data, facts, hours worked, wage, sex type
Thank you for talking sense, Senator.
Is this for comparable work? If so, you must be in the pocket of Big Business for allowing this to happen, Senator.
I'm being paid less than someone who's richer and a harder worker than me! Reee give me money this isn't equal!
How many compared to Indian men?
That is nothing short of shameful 
Pander much?
Except there is already a federal law for it

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equal_Pay_Act_of_1963 …
Pander much?
Maxine Waters seems to be doing alright living in her 5 million dollar mansion
President Obama, did you speak to him on this issue? He had 8 years to do something about it. 
#Blackwomensequalpay
Are you somehow under the impression that one senator can pass a law on their own? Wtf do you think she's doing by speaking up?
Or, more likely, are you just being deliberately obtuse because you think you're somehow being edgy and it looks cool.
I'm not engaging someone who thinks it's in their favor to mock a halfway decent vocabulary. Ignorance isn't something to boast about.
What's "unacceptable" is your refusal to acknowledge facts regarding so-called "wage gaps" in favor of pushing political posturing.
This idiot doesn't start weather it's start out pay. You can't expect to just make what someone's been making for over an year
LOL.
That's right. Pay up folks, just......because. LOL
Throw in some racism & we have a TV show. 
U get paid what worth. Period.
White men work for longer hours, have higher education and work better jobs so obviously white men earn more. That's fair, not unacceptable.
If a black woman works same hours in a same job as a white man and still earns a lot less money, then there's a problem.
so open your payroll books and prove you provide equal pay for ALL women.... bet you won't because bet you don't.... bye bye liberal fool
Nothing but omitted variable bias and empty political pandering 
It affect not only our standard of living, but it wears on our mental and physical health just from the stress.  What R U doing about it?
Black women make 20 times less than Senators in the US Congress. This is unacceptable. #BlackWomensEqualPay
Move to North Korea, everyone there is paid the same under the Communism you Democrats want so badly.  The problem is that everyone loses.
Seriously!!! Equal pay to white men....White women, Latina women, Asian women and on and on don't make as much! It's not just Black women!
Not everyone is equal Tammy. Not everything is discrimination Tammy. Resign.
Then stop voting 100% Democrat no matter what so people actually take u serious & have to give u something.  Learn the game 
Mmm girl your race huckster game is strong
@glamourmag black men are the most impressed not black women
Oh god here we go with the pay gap again....
slow outrage day...
Open up a 3rd Airport in the South Cook County, it will bring 27,000 jobs to South Chicago, Jobs not prison. #BlackWomensEqualPayDay
When will they earn as much as Asian men?
perhaps Goov. needs to slap some controls on the greedier Corps

Tucker: How does Maxine Waters afford a 6k sq. ft,  $4.3m Mansion on 40 years of government work? Must Investigate! https://twitter.com/Pamela_Moore13/status/888595921088524288/video/1 …
The only thing she's fighting for is votes. Her and every other politician
