so I take it that you don't support the safety of Americans or your constituents for that matter.
This constituent feels perfectly safe amongst immigrants. I do not feel safe with many in the executive branch.
maybe you will find your mind changed one day when you walk outside and find your truck missing from the driveway
because immigrants are the only ones that commit crimes!
no they are not but the ones that stole my truck were coyotes and used it to traffic humans. Cost me 3k to repair and change my views
I'm truly sorry that that happened-- really terrible (especially for those being trafficked)- but don't leap to conclusions
it's kind of hard to do that when it hit my pocket book and affected my livelihood. It was not just an inconvenience
and that compares to being dramatized by rape how? That is material, ptsd is real after rape.
Thank you for representing this constituent - 45/Republicans' immigration policy is abhorrent to American values.
following the law is abhorrent to your values ?
the ILLEGAL Immigrants make the choice to chance the possibility of being torn from their families.  Many who played by rule
#ChickenLittle
Stand tall and be loud! Thank you!
These people broke the law. They are here illegally. They need to stand in line behind the ppl trying to come in legally.
so did the mayflower settlers and they got to stay!
Which law did they break?
what law did they break? Rape, murder, theft. Oh but they were white so it was okay right?
um I guess you never read Bradford's book?
- I am with you on this!
Why don't you follow the law? If they are here ILLEGALLY then that means the law is being broken. Choices lead to consequences
Give them a fine and call it a day.
the fine is a ride home. We want to help refugees and are a country of immigrants. Remove Illegals to #MAGA @POTUS
Fell free to forfeit US Citizenship and relocate to country whose laws suit your personal preference.
Actually, we have a right to try to change laws that are wrong, along with a moral obligation to oppose them.
oppose but not break.  Every illegal immigrant is less jobs 4 citizens. less socservices 4 them as well
as my employee, why don't you defend me before people whom don't have respect for our laws?
are just as furious and do not support your illegal disregard for law of the land.
Thank you
And we support you in supporting that legislation!
and your commitment is why I voted for you
thank you and as a constituent I am behind you 100%!
Amen. A) We can't afford to deport them B) It's morally wrong, C) Our economy will collapse. Did I mention it's wrong?
and the spending for security while 45 kid is in Uruguay making deals??
@mpatti221 Please, please DO SOMETHING!!
See this?  https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/feb/20/british-muslim-teacher-denied-entry-to-us-on-school-trip …  They are still stopping random Muslims from entering the US - even  British Citizens!
How about just repealing *45?
Good call, Tammy.
@a35362 @realDonaldTrump doesn't realize that his ancestors were immigrants too. Only indigenous not immigrants #RedPower
thank you Senator for standing up for what is right.
@MSignorile Why not build immigrant processing centers on the border to process immigrants. Steer them to employment centers?
It's Just Wrong Were Suppose To Love All & Help Them If Jesus Himself Came They Deport Him God Help Us
Thank you.
I support that legislation as well.
Thank you, Senator.
When will #Dem s & BLM stop protecting criminals! 
Always for criminal minority @expense of majority
Try2 Weep for victims!
What's unacceptable is a senator on taxpayers' dime opposing enforcement of laws
THANK YOU!!!!
Wish Indiana had a senator like you - I admire your courage to fight for what is right!
This man and his minions have no heart and soul. His family can live in an ivory tower and families suffer just to live .
may he have a long and painful death
I'm disgusted you endorsed Ellison for DNC chair. HUGE disappointment.
that's what you feel is worth your time in congress than go ahead, waste it.  I hope other senators spend time on citizens.
of course you do, my Illinois queen. Thank you!  #resist
Thank you. Immigrants have always helped to make our nation strong. Let's not destroy families!
Besty.  Agree.  However, there are almost 900,000 convicted illegal immigrant in the U.S. Shouldnt they be removed
@whitedogl how's crime wave n Chicago going anymore innocent children been murdered by illegals! More families torn apart!
Thanks for standing up for immigrants, who help our country grow in positive ways!
@whitedogl does that include the tearing apart of innocent families who were assaulted by illegal aliens!
Thank you for doing wht's right. I'm proud to have you as my senator! #senatorkickass
ok.  Great to hear you...be strong.  Be outspoken.  Talk to @SenWarren stand together, stand strong. Beat the drum!
Trump is simply not a nice guy. It's really important that we come out for the midterms, in droves. We must fight.
I'm an Indiana Democrat - united we stand against Trump!
@bill_auclair you have to multi task outrage half to imm but never ever drop RUSSIA it's getting close don't drop can dump T
@PalmerReport Thank you,  Senator!
thank you for fighting for families and fairness
Thank you! Immigrants are an important part of our national identity.
Totally agree.  But not the nearly 900,000 convicted criminal illegal immigrants.  They are not part of it!
Thank you for being the leader that you are.
do you need help drafting the bill?
So you are advocating for people who are breaking the law to not be punished or held accountable? So we just ignore laws?
@MSignorile Thank you for your efforts
You need to get every Governor to refuse ICE entry/cooperation/
Time to enforce US Law&Restore US Constitution Rights of US Citizens.Deny ConstnRts US CitizensAutoImpeachedConstnImpeached.
IF YOU DENY US CITIZENS CONSTN RIGHTS &SUBVERT US CONSTN YOU COMMIT TREASON.TREASONOUS CRIMINALS MUSTBE IMPEACHED FROM USGOVT.
Sen.- this administration's #1 priority is to destroy values many Americans hold dear. Please keep fighting for us.
CONVICTED  CRIMINALS NOT GOING TO RUN FREE SNUB USJUSTICE.USA CAN'T AFFORD PRISON FOR MILLIONS CRIMINAL FOREIGN CITIZEN SCUM.
I have been contacting you to please help me with Stephanie's Law HB816. We need to close this loophole for our children!
Thank you for your leadership!
thank you Tammy!!!
At this point it may be more effective grabbing ICE nuts w' a cold hand. Please halt funding on them enforcing unconst' orders
deport them all and build a wall.
Great idea Senator! What ever happened to path to immigration legislation supported by Senators McCain &Ayotte?
you put your life on the line for America, we are a country of laws. If you don't like a law change the law
Thanks, you represent me well!
anyone can say no, its your JOB to come up with a reasonable law to solve our problem with people here illegally.
Come here Legally like my Great Grandparents did from Mexico & follow the Laws 
There is no problem then
If people who have escaped persecution and love America, you don't throw them in the street. Have empathy.
Proud to live in a state that elected @SenDuckworth
Go, Tammy!
#45HasNoHeart
