Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
Maybe he only meant other people's leaks -so when do we call for impeachment?
Impeachment is a Start! TREASON IS DEATH!
@realDonaldTrump MUST BE INDICTED! WORSE EACH DAY!!!
Rather than stunning, I would suggest typical behavior.  I'm purely horrified that this disaster is still ongoing.
This is more than stunning. it is TRAITOROUS. 
How can our allies trust this putz with any intel.
Thank goodness for Merkel!
Has our society bottomed out so much that someone like trump can get in , ruin everything and then hold office afterwards? SoS!!!
BS! I am Military and Democrat.  Obstructionists. False report per McMasters. he is no liar. Russia found Hillary Clinton.
What more is it going to take to impeach this disgraceful excuse of a man?
What it will take is having a Congressional majority that is NOT putting party above country.
#TurnTheHouseBlue
#TakeBackTheSenate
Fake News!
Then it is your duty to put a stop to him before he totally destroys the US.
Better yet what can voters do to help you and other likeminded senators get the impeachment ball rolling #TrumpRussia #LooseLipsSinkShips
Let's not forget who the president is working for.... Russia
Senator, you are the master of understatement. Please help us, the Am people, be relieved of this chaotic mess & I'm NOT understating!
Did this actually happen or is this more evidence of fake news reporting
Is it possible the leaks are from Russia (via the WH)?
When will your peers put country over party?
My guess would be NEVER
The GOP won't put country over party, they all think the GOP *IS* the country.
We need more Democrats in Congress in order to save Democracy
America demands impeachment proceedings!! POTUS has caused too much damage.  How long must this insanity go on?
This was a news story back in mid march. Maybe if you and the media wasn't so busy making mountains our of mole hills, you would read it.
Please do everything you can to shut this man down. Save our country. #CountryoverParty
I cannot wait for the opportunity to vote for your opponent in your re-election attempt.
@POTUS
More FAKE NEWS!! Spread more TD, just makes your party look more pathetic than it already does.
This is another diversion.to kill the FBI story. He is above the law & can declassify any type of intelligence
He did not have the right to blurt this out -- it was from another country's intelligence. Not his to share. He's so very careless.
Oh IKR, unbelievable, like he's doing business or some shit. I've been reading some stories he was showing off or braggin&that wouldn't
Surprise me either. He's affecting our Troops&tons crap by just being so careless abt our National Security. I wanna Rick James smack him
Need to get your facts straight.
Consider the source.Wa Po one of the biggest gossiprags in town! Remember "Spicer in the bushes" story they had 2 retract?
Are you trying to say that Donald Trump is the only person inside the beltway that has a problem with leaks??? Think about it!
I guess the Whining Party don't want their ISIS monster be destroyed! #MAGA
Please start taking action by withholding consent. We need our senators to actually do something about this. Words are nice but not enough!
Oh... so you care about some leaks more than other leaks?
No it is not stunning it is bigly fuck up. This is what it is hugely fuck up by TRUM
All of this crap has been on the internet since March 17th.   you have no job right now.  Google it.
Stunning is collusion between Russian and liberals to undermine our democracy.
I agree with the others. As one of your constituents, I hope to hear your condemnation.
So get the president out of office before he sells us to the Russians. #protectournation
You will lose 2018 for supporting this crap.  Did you do this to bleachbitCH??
were you there? did you hear what was said or are you just trying to impress your followers with this tough talk? rumors lol
Do something about it. Pressure @SenJohnMcCain @SpeakerRyan to #doyourjob #investigate #traitor @realDonaldTrump
Keep the pressure on! Fight!

Thank you, Tammy.  Do not go about business as usual.  Convince those across the aisle that this is not a partisan issue.
Yes remember Hilary's server?
Tired of your lack of action. Represent me and stop this crisis or resign Senator. No more talk, we the people demand an action plan now
It's not stunning at all. This idiot can't help himself. I mean really ? You have a Russian in the white house unannounced??? Remember he
Is suppose to work for the people not for other countries. Twice now he has been implicated with the Russians and has been hiding it
bright side he found the leak.
When will he be stopped?
Wanted criminals charges for HRC with LEGAL private server but handing over classified information to non allies ok Twilight zone material
He's got a lot of leaks.  That's why he wears Depends.
Exactly.  He's so critical of others how can we not attempt to nail his ass to the wall when he commits this kind of ridiculous blunder?
Please. Action.
Absolutely! And who he is leaking to!
That would be the same guy who asked the Russians to hack HRC, yeah very concerned about leaks and Russia
PLEASE STOP THIS MADNESS! HELP US!
As a patriot, regardless of party, we need you to act on this to defend our country. This is bad and he will get good people killed.
She should fix her violent city called CHIRAQ.
Simple question... are you staking your reputation on the assumption that this is completely true as reported by Wapo?
He should fire himself
Lock Him up!
It's Fake News  Silly Girl! Man you guys are gullible!
I want you to nail balls to the wall
Yes it is. What can the American public that deeply concerned do?  Who will check this fool if the @GOP won't?  Is #Resistance working?
For ANY president, this is stunning. For 45 it was almost pre-ordained.
Can 45 be impeached now? Even @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP have got to agree that US security is nonpartisan issue.
I am convinced what ever he blames others for it is he himself that is doing it.

Not really stunning if you look at his last few months.  Now treasonous, that might be the word you are looking for.
Sensationalized "news story". Unnamed sources, again! Dem senator gloms on to it, and feeds it to her constituents. Promoting hysteria!

"The story that came out tonight is false," NSA Director McMaster says tonight. "I was in the room it didn't happen." 
There needs to be a probe, as a US Chicago Pastor & Citizen Im disappointed &lost trust in the president and fast losing trust in government
How sad time to impeach
can he narrow it down to who was in the room? or was he taping?!?
Until you realize 45 is a dolt
Is it though?
Impeach Trump now!
I'm so happy you're #GWU's Commencement speaker. I love your ability to tell it like it is! 
Haven't seen ONE credible and non-politically motivated news outlet report this...... #FAKEnews
Senator Duckworth, if this is how you feel, #withholdconsent on all Senate business until a special prosecutor is named.
YES!! Please stop it before he destroys our country.
Now we know why he didn't want any of our press in Oval Office
As advertised today's shitstorm didn't disappoint. What'll it be tomorrow?
I think I'll sleep all day tomorrow This is to much
I agree Doug. McMaster is about to go on tv and walk it back. So maybe it's fake news? 
Well we'll see but according to Trump they are Fake News I have to laugh at all of this or else I'd cry over the state of OUR country
@loisquick sadly, I'd say this is typical of him
He must be removed from the presidency immediately!! 
so what are you, @SenatorDurbin & rest of Congress going to do about it? what will it take to impeach? you all talk but do nothing!
Why are there no consequences to this?
Senator, DT is not fit. Who knows what he's said over dinner at Mar-a-Lago in full hearing of guests?
Impeachment is too kind. You must do your job of impeachment first so the justice department can lock up him and his family.
Do something about it Senator. Illinois and the rest of the country need you to speak up.
Revoke his passport. Temporary (Permanent) Restraining Order. Put him in Jail!
nothing this potus does is stunning any more.   he doesnt and never has represented the people of the US, only his own interests
Hey @GOP 1600 is on fire. Maybe wanna have look see and bring a bucket.
"Lock him up!!!!!"
Stunningly treasonous
Agreed.  Do something.
LOL another Illinois hack all tweeting the same bullshit 
Russia is working with the US and other nations to put an end to ISIS
Well, we know who to send to the front lines when then
Yeah the Russians let them fight it like they did on the 80s when they were Soviets but we had to stick our 2¢ in 30 years later still there
Impeach please.
This guy has ZERO business running this country!! Until he is impeached, he shouldn't be allowed to speak w/ANYONE w/out a handler present!!
He does this, laughing, and continues to get away with it!!
He is a grave threat to the United States. We can't even wait for impeachment at this point. Praying your GOP colleagues will wake up.
Senator, I'm pretty certain this would be considered stunning for any President.
How much more of this can our nation take????
And calling others un American
It's more than stunning. It's treasonous.
This should provide enough evidence to remove him from office. Do it now!
It's not that stunning when you consider everything he says through a lens of constant projection.
Isn't this treason?
