Crime in Chicago 'is probably driven by morality more than anything else,' Sarah says when asked if easy access to guns is a problem.
Instead of throwing stones from glass houses, @POTUS& @SHSanders45 should work w/ Chicagoans to generate real solutions to end gun violence
.@SHSanders45 & @POTUS pathologically lie to the American people. That breaks one of the Ten Commandments. They are the ones with NO MORALS.
Jesus taught us to look out for false Christians. They are using the faith to further their own nefarious agenda. But we see through them.
Um, "baseless"? If they are so "baseless", why are so many people dying in Chicago? Or are you just totally clueless to the problem?
Trump makes it sound as if everyone in Chicago is walking around with a bullet wound. Yes, there's a problem but he's exaggerating it.
Well, people have been minimizing it for years and it just gets worse.

If exaggerating it puts a focus on it and gets it solved, who cares?
Besides a) the media exaggerates it too, and b) the murder rate is atrocious and speaks for itself.
Sure it's atrocious, but I would like to know the research that she used to make the "morality" claim, which is just really strange
Morality teaches you not to physically hurt people. If a bunch of people are killing other people, it's a morality problem.
I think that's a pretty oversimplified explanation, but if it makes you happy, you cling to it.
Well, I did only have 140 characters. But it also isn't rocket science. Ppl w/ strong moral foundation don't usually kill.
Thread to @SarahHuckabee on #Chicago.  Greetings from Chicago! As a resident, you should compare it to your birthplace of Hope, Arkansas.
You see, in Chicago, our unemployment rate is 5.9%, compared to the 8.7% in Hope, AR. @SarahHuckabee
This may be our education. In your birthplace of Hope, AR - 10% of residents have a bachelors degree & 3.2% have graduate degree.
In Chicago, 36.6% of the population has a bachelors degree & 14.8 percent has a graduate degree (including me, who went to law school here!)
But you say we are a bunch of criminals in Chicago. Did you know that Hope, AR (your birthplace) is actually well above the nat'l crime avg?
In fact, nearly 1 in 16 people in Hope, AR will be crime victims. Hope, AR is only safer than 4% of other cities. @SarahHuckabee?
But let's get to sex offenses since you defend a p-grabber regularly.

In Hope, AR, 1 in 279 residents are registered sex offenders.
In Chicago, we have a 1-979 ratio of sex offenders.
1700 killed this year alone........
And you live in Wales? Greetings from Chicago! Don't tell us to run our city when we don't tell you how to run your city.
You're death rate is appalling
Your.

How does the education in your hometown stack up against Chicago?
Education? We're bit like you. Students paying loads a money. Growth industry here UK. Loads of debt just to say yu went to uni.
But UK and gun control. How much impact do your laws have on the murder rate?
Good question Jim. 4 deaths in 4 days London (knives) Hand guns are banned. There are 120 gangs in Liverpool. I think crims are tooled up.
They make do with what's at hand.  There's an element that will always be able to do that 
Tammy, can you check in with our SOS to make sure he doesn't release my voting information?
Still no letter, but you can leave a message with them. I heard that they are going to deny said request, but wouldn't hurt.
Left a message there last night, as well as w/Bruce and Jesse and Lisa.
I love that you use their first names.

Oh, right. Chicagoans are more immoral than other Americans. What a response! I blame McDonald v Chi where SCOTUS struck down Chi gun law.
Twenty Five shot outside Arkansas nightclub on a Friday. Federal police to Arkansas first!
Shameful.
Thank you, Senator Duckworth!
always pushed back at the "chiraq" narrative cause i knew the agenda behind it. and i knew that, per capita, chicago's not in top 15
not to mention that repubs will never address the root cause of violence in cities, but would rather demonize to maximize profits 4 prisons
Democrats have run Chicago for decades, Obama a city organizer senator from Chicago did nothing for them.
Same reason there's so much intermarriage and so many teen brides in Arkansas?
He is using the art of distraction to kerp people from looking at the 32 million that will loose the health insurance (new COB #) & Russia.
Yes I have been wondering why he is continually bagging Chicago..was thinking he is trying to get even with someone who has said no to him
That is where @BarackObama is from. If he had came from Nashville THAT is the city that would have to be cleaned up.
Duckworth 2020 imho
Really Duckie? What's the murder count this week in Chicago? Are you that out of touch?
Not baseless at all/I live here & know well that murder rate is out of control, credit level down graded 2 JUNK Status/perfect Dem control
Problem needs to addressed. Ignored too long. Same people still run the city. Insanity doing same thing expecting  something  different
Democrats run Chicago what's their solution and why haven't they done it already?  Racism???
He thinks we don't get that this is really just another attack on Obama...Wish PBO could get a restraining order that covered trumps mouth.
@GlennThrush  Baseless? Your death rate is extreme. POTUS is helping you in SPITE of dems. Thank him.
They are not baseless
Maybe you Liberals should stop defending sanctuary cities & gangs. Or, is that your voter base?
Wait, baseless attacks? Illinois gun control is an epic failure. The bad guys still get the guns & murder is at all time high?
It's base racism is what it is.
Life is cheap amongst Tammi and her ilk
Morality is absolutely the problem. What are you trying to say Senator? BTW, keep up the good with you do for veterans.
Income inequality, gangs, and heroin traffic.
Democrats have been running Chicago for decades,  but it's Donald Trump that is the bad guy.
And racist.
When Trump says Chicago: he means Black folk.
Ask yourself what did Obamar do? What about Dick? What about Rahm? I'll tell you NOTHING So Trump is doing something and you criticize?
It's a veiled attack on anything associated with his nemesis, Obama.
Not moral issue. #Survival ethics amongst #drugs, #gangs, #guns. A whole community to solve. #Fear prevents solution. #TakeBackTheNight
Democrat mayor and 49 out of 50 aldermen. Is that a coincidence or a direct result of the leadership @SenDuckworth & @POTUS ?
Chicago is like Iraq in 06 for Pete's sake.
There little Ms Perfect Sarah Huckabee Sanders goes again... like she is a believable authority.
Totally agree Tammy
Your opinion is noted.
Please invite Trump to visit our great state. He hasn't been here since elected
Maybe she didn't under stand the question.
Have fun with your economy 'Senator'. Good job!  Powerball even runs away from this debacle.  Chicago is a symptom of gross incompetence.
You tell them, Senator Duckworth.
SHE thinks there's a problem with morality in Chicago? After defending @realDonaldTrump attack on Mika she has ZERO authority on morals
@InSpiteOfTrump @POTUS @GlennThrush And this corrupt administration wants to intervene based on perceived "morality" issues???
Also, the WH is talking to us about morality?! You've got to be kidding me.
It's their dog whistle that's starting to lower in frequency so we can all hear it
Yes, completely unacceptable and disgustingly ignorant to the real socio-economic issues.
petty Potus still upset abt the last time he took his circus to Chicago & no1 likes Sarah aka bloated Clarice Starling
Garbage in garbage out from her and Spicer.
That's deplorable
How is it baseless when Chicago has a severe murder problem?
Severe? Yes! But Chicago's not the murder capitol of the country. It's just been singled out for the occassional Trump tweet.
Would life be improved in Chicago if there were fewer murders?
But continued murders and violence is okay as long as they keep voting Dem.
No, it's not okay. But further us-them like your statement does nothing positive. How about workable ideas instead of hatred?
I'm concerned that you're unaware of the difference between state and federal reps. But you should know the grand bargain made it to Rauner.
Everything ts administration does is unacceptable expect nothing more t enriches t & creates diversions so he can do it more comfortably
YES!!!  Thank you, Senator, for calling Donald out on this. He's been slandering Chicago for months: he's so jealous of President Obama.
Jealous of what Obama didn't do. I don't think so. Get out of your fake utopia & step into reality #MAGA
4000 people shot last year, I guess a spoiled brat like you does not have to live in the reality your mismanagement has created, shameful
What's unacceptable is your lack of sympathy or urgency to stop the black on black murder that regularly occurs in Chicago.
So you're cool with every other race getting killed, or being killers, huh.
I can't think of any better role models in morality than those at the top of the executive branch. Oh wait... I can.
He's threatened Chicagoland with martial law any opportunity he can. He's corrupt, petty, weak, and stupid. Thank you for standing up to him
It's a daily list of unacceptable
If morality is the problem, why would ATF agents help? Come on.
TGIS GUY HAS TO GO..IM A PROUD VET...IVE NEVER HATED A PRESIDENT...NEVER WOULD HAVE THOUGHT.THIS FOOL IS UNPRESIDENTIAL IN EVERY WAY.IMPEACH
.@SenDuckworth Senator, with all due respect, the Republicans have always trashed our city. Always. President Trump has a classic GOP base.
AMEN......Tammy, is this guy all there ? in thinking not....
Donald has narcissistic personality disorder, and he's so incredibly jealous of President Obama that he's trashing Chicago.
everything he does annoys people. What's wrong now? This is obsurd
Agreed. The way to be supportive is not to blame crime victims just because you don't want to come out as anti-gun
