
Thank-u for the you-tube referal! I love Masha, I've seen her on msnbc b4,very eye opening&scary at same time! I'm eager to watch the rest!
The end is the hardest to watch.  As she predicts all of this.
Wish we had listened2peo like her b4 election!Now we are finding out what rest of world already knows abt lvg w/an authoritarian government!
Sigh.  I need to know if the military is compromised - I have a sick feeling they have become partisan.
Can't go there although vry disturbg2know illegitimate commander in chief aka LIAR&BULLY in chief is a hair trigger away frm nuclear codes!
2015 DOD spent ~$41M on Viagra
$84M on erectile dysfunction (med/treatmt)
2016 Only ~$5.6M on transgender healthcare.
Per Sen Duckworth
Anything your not gonna tweet anyway? No one really cares what you have to say anymore. You a traitor to Country and service. Run along.opps

Thank you for your input. We appreciate it.
Thanks Tammy! Keep up the good work!
Thanks Senator Duckworth!  Sickening is the word for our president's tweets.
Just watched you! Fantastic interview  Thank you for quoting the millions spent on Viagra and ED.
Amazing discussion! How much does the military spend on Viagra?
So I agree anyone who wants to do patriot service should be able to but if you advocate for trans better open Pandora box because I'm in!
Can you please tweet the two amounts spent on Viagra and ED so we can RT it? Thank you!!
God Bless President Trump for his strength and God Bless America.
My father served-I'm a BRAT/LGBTQ-today broke my heart. The power of your words gave me and many others hope. Thank you Senator. #Onward!
Extraordinary appearance by Sen Duckworth tonight  A great American  A patriot  I would be SO PROUD if SHE were our Pres.!
Thank you for your leadership/intelligence in setting the right path for our country.  I'm proud that you represent me in IL. @SenDuckworth
You spoke truth to power @SenDuckworth, excellent job!
That's MY Senator!!!!! You said exactly what needed to be said. Well done. Proud to call you *mine* Thank you again for what you do for us.
Really  loved what you said with Chris Hayes, tonight...stuff of heros...thank you!!
Bring it Senator Duckworth!
You make me sick.  To compare gravely wounded men or cancer victims who need viagra to transgenders and elective care is just disgusting.
Thank you! You are awesome! DT could not serve in the military for an hour. He has no right to dishonor anyone who defends us including him!
You made us proud! Thank you for representing our state with integrity!
Just heard you speak in All in with Chris Hayes...thank you for speaking the truth! Keep up the fight #WeRWithU @OccupyDemocrats #resist
i can get conservatives not understanding lgbt rights, but for an all volunteer military that's already struggling with retention...
excluding a willing and qualified individual doesn't make sense. plenty of mos that could easily accomodate and still benefit dod & country

You were amazing! What you said about service and the audacity of A Pres to pass judgement on who serves.. perfection. Thank you #prouddem
Transgenderism is confused thinking in need of professional help and prayers.
Brought it!
You were excellent on this segment!
Great job!!!
I heard a quote on tv that the Armed Forces spent more on viagra then they did on the health needs of transgender sevicmembers
Those already serving who are affected by this tweet probably have great class action lawsuit options.
We appreciate you and all you do. Good to see you on with @allinwithchris. 
Thank you for your service & sacrifices then and now. Thank you for your devotion to military, to nation, to inclusion. 
"We cannot afford to lose a single patriot who's willing to wear that uniform and serve" — thank you! You were great!
Ms. D @ 19 MILITARY TOLD ME NO BECAUSE I HAD NO DIPLOMA, 33 THEY NOW TELL ME NO BECAUSE I GOT A FELONY FOR FAILING TO LISTEN TO A JUDGE@ 25
Not from Illinois but still a huge fan!!!  AZ needs leaders like you!
You were awesome!!! #lovemysenator
Great job! Thanks
I've been an admirer of yours since you were first elected. Just saw you on Chris Hayes and as usual you hit it out of the park. Bless you!
Well said, Senator.  Thank you for your service, sacrifice and continued work for our country and it's people.  You are appreciated.
You were AMAZING, Senator Duckworth!
Thank you for your service!


I'm a new fan due to your appearance on MSNBC!Keep speaking out and showing these idiots how small they are for fearing the madman in our WH
Right on tammy. It is sickening. Proud u r my senator.
You're a HERO!  Trumps a DRAFT DODGING COWARD!
Just watched @SenDuckworth...HOOAH!
Really enjoyed listening to you tonight Tammy
Thank you for your service and your voice...all who serve or want to serve deserve our utmost gratitude and respect.
You are our National Treasure.  Thank you, Senator.
You were great!
wow!...you got it !!..nice...prob the best I've seen today for sure
It's a pleasure listening to you. Thank you for your service.
Thanks for saying straight out this is total bullshit, Senator, and pointing out what a flimsy excuse "cost" is

This
Military rules and regulations allow trans people to serve their country. Even the commander-in-chief cannot change those via Twitter.
Watching now.  You women in govt are the men's backbone.  Thanks for your strength and setting a good example for younger generations.
Thank you for bringing up the $ spent on Viagra and ED in the military. My hat off to you!!
Proud, proud, proud of you Senator Duckworth!
Well done on @MSNBC msnbc tonight!
Thank you for speaking up and representing your constitutes on this issue! We will continue to speak out and support you.
Sen Duckworth, you rock!  Keep up the good work!
I LOVE YOU!!!!

Everytime someone brings up the viagra stat an angel gets its wings KEEP GOING TAMMY!!!!!
Thank you Senator!
Give 'em HELL Tammy! We're with you. And thank you!
THANK YOU for representing your constituents (like me) so well and taking such a strong stand on this issue. Proud to be represented by you!
We are watching. Someone needs to tell Donnie the military doesn't belong to him and generals are not [HIS] Generals
Thank you, Senator.
Give 'em hell, senator. Thank you for talking about this and fighting for our servicemembers. Proud to be a constituent.
Punch Trump for Essex UK please 
nice....behind Josh...that guy is awesome!!
2 minute warning.....
You got it!
