I heart you, @senatorduckworth
Powerful human!!!!
thank you @SenDuckworth!
Senator, as has been shown, grandiose embellishments unbased in fact is all we hear from the leader of the free . Sad
Lady..tax payers should NOT have to pay for  cosmetic sex operations. I don't want to pay for a man to get a boob job! Period! No!!
I don't want to pay for your prostate cancer. I don't have one of those, so it's not my problem.
I am proud to have @SenDuckworth represent Illinois in the senate
My message to President Trump in response to his decision to discriminate against transgender servicemembers & bar them from the military: 

Thank U 4 UR service. I do NOT want to pay for sex change or abortions. Taking maintenance meds on battlefield IS a disqualifier, I'm gay
Please focus on veterans instead of pushing the liberal agenda. That's why you were elected.
@realDonaldTrump Pay attention to what the majority of this country is saying.
You'd get my vote.... just sayin'
Trump says we're the party of obstruction. He's right. We are the party that obstructs inequality, injustice, and collusion with the enemy.
You're the party of mental illness. You see bad as good and good as bad . You're all backward and awkward.
I doubt your definition of mental illness holds up to medical science scrutiny. On the contrary, Trump has empowered us to act decisively.
Medical science says your either born a man or women and it doesn't change when one feels like it...leave it at that!!!
If by that you mean the debunked medical science of a prior age. Contemporary science has moved on beyond it's past biases.
Tammy Duckworth for President 2020. Seriously.  Veterans will stand behind you. Independents week stand behind you. Do it!
During my 5+ years in the Army from 1963-1969 I only cared that the man next to me had the skills to get the job at hand done.
Love you and what you do and have done for our country. Thank you!

THANK YOU SENATOR!
Hmmm you could have skipped the "with all due respect part " he deserves nor has earned respect #TheResistance
Thank you for your service and for your support of transgender rights
Tammy for 2020 POTUS. Yeah, I said it!!!
Thank you Senator for speaking up & out on this issue
@RepHartzler Please listen to this message from a REAL American hero stating accurate costs of medical care for #TransMilitary
You are so GORGEOUS strong
Very Beautiful confident
I saw you speak on CNN yesterday. Great words and message. Thank you.
So proud of you, Sen. Duckworth.  Keep speaking out, we are behind you!!
Ride on Sister!
Real said Senator, well said.  #Respect
You support elective transgender care paid by the military over medically discharged wounded warriors care.  TRAITIOR!!!
She's one of the wounded warriors genius.
@SenDuckworth @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell Trump's trnsgndr ban re serving US military ludicrous, esp man dodged draft, never srvd Nam! (1)
@SenDuckworth @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell Trump's ban ludicrous as gay, trnsgnder srv Israeli military w/o concern. Trump dead wrong! (2)
@SenDuckworth stole my line from when we were arguing about gays in the military.

Sad

https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2010/06/military-bloggers-and-dont-ask-dont-tell/57700/ …
@realDonaldTrump
thank you Senator
@SenCoryGardner where's your outrage??
Our military is a fighting force designed to destroy and kill our enemies. It is not a social engineering experiment.
Thank you for standing up for what is right!!
We need you as President in 2020!!
As awful as this is, it is a straw man issue to play to Trumps base and distract from RUSSIA!
SEN. DUCKWORTH, keep up the great  works!!
#tammy2020
thank you.
.13% for .01% of people. Millions a year extra for accommodations & healthcare. Cost vs benefit. We don't have an unlimited budget
There may be a day where we have the extra money or the cost of trans people enlisting isn't prohibitive, but it is today.
"President better back off..."  LOVED ur tv comments! U rock!!!
Best defense/ explanation I've heard!!  Thank you.   An attack on one us, is an attack on all of us!!  LBGT.  Love Trumps Hate!
I heart you, @SenDuckworth
Thank you Senator for this & ur service. This info [.13%] has to be shouted. Sadly, it would appear that soldiers now get orders by tweet?
This is a poor attempt at distracting from RussiaGate.  Don't let him get away with it.
Wow!! Perfectly said! Proud to be a fellow female Veteran like you!! I salute you Ma'am!
Thank you Senator.
Please keep kicking ass and taking names, Senator!
100 percent, Senator!
Thank you for your service, then and now. My heart hurts over this. Why can't support our troops included everyone? It does for me.
Thank you Senator #Duckworth2020
I wish my state had a senator like this!
We're lucky. Sen. Duckworth & Sen. Durbin. Miserable Governor.
@realDonaldTrump @SarahHuckabee @WhiteHouse @foxandfriends So not only did you lie about conferring w Military the cost is minimal
Love you Tammy! Very proud to have voted for you. Don't back down & keep up the good fight.
Thank you for your service, your patriotism, and your kindness
Sen. Duckworth, first, Thank You for Your Service to Our Country. Thank You for your response to Pres. Trump, re: transgenders serving.
Tammy Duckworth, thank you for your response. Thank you for your true service, true sacrifice and your true grit. Thank you for standing USA
Go, Ms. Duckworth!

Warren/Duckworth 2020.  A can't lose pair. #breaktheglass #veryqualified #unselfish #Americasnewhope
Please, not yet. We still need her in Illinois.
How bizarre that an ORANGE alien with HULK HOGANS HAIR tells all Americans that transgender people who WANT to serve CANT Hes a DRAFT DODGER
He got the message wrong. Again tweetedvitbout nobody knew he had done that. They wonder about fake news.
So lucky to have had her on the ballot to vote for.  It is getting old hearing Donald put groups or individuals down.
For you information Mr. Trump Senator Duckworth is the real version of a hero!
We're you once a man? Looks like it.
Powerful. 
We all are the same it is all in how positively  peaceful we treat in another   period !
Trump did the right thing
This is the 21st century after all Not to go backwards in time at all We all are ewurl Race religion sexual orientation ...1/ con't
Thank you so much for this tweet to those that need this As a humble Christian I do not judge know those who struggle diverisity
You should seek mental help along with the tyrannies
thank you, senator Duckworth, for speaking out for our LGBTQ community.  They are more fit to serve than our president.
They have to go through transgender whatever before they join they have to join as a boy and stay a boy or join as a girl and stay girl
Sorry but us tax payers already pay for enough crap we have to pray for somebody who doesn't know if there a boy or a girl ridiculous
Thank you!
You are true American hero. Thank you.
No doubt you're a hero, so why Tweet about this and not once Tweet about the KC-130 crash or USS Fitz crash that together claimed 23 lives?
Thank you
He wants the funds for building his wall. So according to trump - let's throw them all out. That's like throwing the baby out with the wash
Hillary's server and scary email.  Don't look at Trump's lack of military service  his foot really really hurt!  Mueller is going to get you
Excuse me Mueller is going to get Trump!
Bravo.
Proud to have you as my senator! 
Thank you @SenDuckworth for your leadership and sacrifice for our nation!    V/R,

IT1
Thank you for speaking out...I'm ready to relocate to Illinois.
I am so proud and grateful that you are my Senator. You represent the best of our country.
You people are all FREAKS and Geeks
T is the one who is trying to distract news media and us from Russia investigation by picking on our very brave trans military people.
Absolutely! 
Thank you so much. So proud of my Junior Senator.
Thanks Tammy
Thank you, Senator for your support of Transgender rights and the ability to Serve in the military. The President did not serve.Thanks again
the #generals said it wasn't good. He did this based off of them.
People like us volunteered to serve. He dodged the draft. He's the last person who should say who is qualified to join.
@SenDuckworth Thank you Sen. Duckworth. Your voice of reason is the reason I voted for you. Proud to have you as my Senator

Did he bar them fr serving or did he bar them fr telling the military what they wanted to wear? Lets tell da whole truth #therealdonaldtrump
Thank you, Senator!
Thank You for your continued service and bravery.
Thank you @SenDuckworth 
Proud to be represented by you!
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you for standing up against this tyrant, his cronies, & the insanity that is going on right now.

I am so proud that you are my senator! Thank you so much!
I hope you'll consider running for President in 2020, @SenDuckworth!
Thank you for this beautiful response to the person in the White House. Gender identity didn't matter, just their ability to rescue you!
You are a true hero. In every way. Thank you for speaking out so clearly on Chris Hayes program.
Thank You for Your Service & For Standing Up For Our Democracy
Thank you for your dedication to this country, to fairness and the rule of law, and to reason. We need more voices like yours.
I enjoyed your interview with @andersoncooper - sad in this century this is a topic of conversation #backoff
I am so proud you are my senator. #TammyforPresident
Thank YOU for your service, Senator.
Thank you Senator!
Thank You Senator Duckworth!
Thank you, Senator. Your service in #Congress continues to keep us safe just as your military service did #Trump is trying to distract us.

My only quibble, you started your statement "With all due respect" and Trump is the last person who deserves our respect. He's a disgrace.
Trump deserves no respect, but the Office of POTS does. A pity HE doesn't recognise that!
*POTUS
You are an inspiration @SenDuckworth !! 
Thank you, Senator! Glad to have someone like you supporting trans people in IL!
LGBTS suffer from mental and emotional disorders they desperately need counseling and rehab.when this Truth is acknowledged there is help
I love you. And, thank you for being everyone's hero--again. #Duckworth #TransRightsAreHumanRights
no 45 discriminate trangender.. in the milatary.. but you realy beleive that's he respect transgender in general?? NO for sure
I saw U on MSNBC earlier, loved your answer to DT's transgender ban especially the idea of keeping the male enhancement, just like a man!
You were great on All In a few minutes ago. Tell 'em!!!
Thank you, Senator Duckworth!  I agree 100%.
Thank you for your service and thank you for fighting for all Americans! You're making Illinois proud! 
Very proud of my @SenDuckworth ! 
Proud to have you as my Senator!

Well put, Ma'am!

You are a steady hand and a voice of reason and experience in a sea of hostility and hate.
You are one of my favorites! This comes from a draft dodger... i hope you all can overturn this! Its ridiculous, as his presidency.!

Focus on #Russia, please. THis is just what he wants. He wants you distracted.
She's great at multi-tasking.
But why did you vote to deliver gray wolves and to politicize the ESA?  Why did you join the #attackonanimals?
I just saw this on Chris Hayes. It is a must watch.
thank you senator.  60625
@lynnemthomas Amen and THANK YOU!!!!
Thanks for making me proud to be an American. And also thanks for representing us from Illinois!!!

Bravo 
Our Senator Decorated Military Vet Taking on The President's Statment about LGBQT In Military Listen 
I am so, so proud to call you my senator.
When her helicopter went down. she didn't care about the gender identity of the troops coming to save her. @realDonaldTrump -- listen up.
So what? Did she care if they followed their training or she rather they do whatever they wanted to at that moment?
If you aren't a roll model... No one is 
Thank you !
Sadly, he doesn't care!
no one cares about your opinion esp pouts. it’s not discrimination. stop putting politics into the military
Like when they integrated the military? Like when they let women fight? The military always reflects the population. Deal with it.
No, the military reflects a much younger and healthier population. Gender dysphoria may require both medical and psychological treatment.
Voice of reason! #Duckworth for president!
Thank you Senator.  You are my hero.
Senator...you rock.

Thank you
