Thank you Senator!
Thank you! Stand tuff!  Dems have to stick together or we have no party!
No Pruitt or He Will Ruin It #SaveEPA
Thank you for speaking out against this nomination and the threat to our environment that it represents.
This Illinoisan is disappointed in you. Sorry we elected a Partisan. The EPA is out of control.  Pruitt needed.
Thank you Senator Duckworth! We cannot continue to deny the human impact on climate change. We need action now!
YOU have fallen short from the day you were bought in Crook County. #YouAreNotMySenator
Thank you, Senator Duckworth. Keep fighting the good fight. #EPA
From a constituent, thank you!  Stay strong, be bold, and we'll have your back!
Thank you!
please vote no for ALL of 45's nominees
Good job Tammy! The majority of Illinoisans back you for this. Now vote no for Gorsuch. #OpposeGorsuch #resist
thank you for your position on nominee Pruitt
Today there is an expected hearing on the Secret Science Reform Act or H.R.1030. We must fight this bill.Don't seat Pruitt
thank you Sen Duckworth from an Illinois voter
@SenatorDurbin Your message needs to be clear, not obstructing!, but planning to oppose really bad cabinet picks.
so glad I don't have to call your office about basic stuff like this
Thank you! No to Norsuch, DeVos. Do what you can to block nominations #resist
So, you approved of the way the EPA had been running before?
Thank you @SenDuckworth for standing up for clean air, water and a healthy climate for our children #climatechange #putskids1st
@EPA Thank you.We need an EPA Sec. to lead transition to a clean air, water, and energy future not a lackey for big oil
Thank you!
thank you!!!
What can the American public do to encourage #Pruitt to take #science seriously and serve everyone's best interests?
@jimmyj48125 @NBCNews Tell me Sen. how can we have any respect for pepl who would destroy our environment? Thank you!
Thank you Senator Duckworth!!!
..America has lost is values and it's a shame that this is the start of downfall nobody needs US leadership
What about the transparent leadership under Obama that did not happen. Vote for Pruitt
Help Durban dump DeVos.
Senator, we need u to fight for us.
stop with the #FakeNewsMedia  @NBCNews pushing a national pol agenda while CHI citizens are scared to leave their homes, shame
As a constituent and a person with an Environmental Science degree, THANK YOU.
I'm so happy you are my Senator I can't even tell you.
thank you Senator Duckworth from 60302!
you're turning into a reliable partisan vote...I know you're more courageous than this...
Thank you, Senator Duckworth!
Thank you @SenDuckworth
Americans deserve honest, transparent #EPA leadership. #Pruitt falls short of this standard& I oppose his nomination http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/senate-panel-approves-epa-critic-scott-pruitt-head-agency-n715346 …
Thank you!
Pleaase do not vote to confirm this unqualified nominee. PLEASE
keep it up Tammy. So proud of you for voting against this guy
you must run for President in 2020.
Thank you Senator. Hopefully some of your Republican colleagues also do the right thing
Really preaching about Honesty & Transparency Isn't that why the Democrats lost the  election. Weren't Honest nor Transparent
thank you for standing up for the EPA and the environment.
Thank you!
thank you, Senator!
Thank you
Thank you!
thanks Senator! We need you to remember that the Rs have ditch the Norms, Ds need to stop playing by the old rules..
Thank You! Keep representing IL well!
Thank You! Now lets remove Bannon from the NSC and WH.
Thank you, Senator. Please issue a statement opposing Bannon on the NSC.  The NSC shouldn't be politicized.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator!
Sued the EPA 20 times?  How is this happening?  #SaveOurPlanet #RepublicansSuck Thanks Tammy.
. Thank you!  As a voter & constituent, I demand you vote NO to the appointment of Bannon to the NSC as well.
NO CONFIRMATION.  NO. NO. NO. POISON, CHEMICALS, INDUSTRIAL WASTE, PESTICIDES KILL ALL LIFE.  THIS IS NOT PROGRESS.
thank you
u go tammy
Thank you for standing for what is right for the protections offered by the EPA
Thank you for voting your conscience Senator. You make us proud here in a Chicago.
Thank you, Senator Duckworth!
thank you! 
Absolutely agree ,this guy is a perfect fit for a water-polluting , oil-drilling , land-raping regime , #PruittMustGo
Hey why don't you show up to your job Did we send you to D.C. just to boycott I don't think so
I'm a constituent and voter, will you please publicly denounce the appointment of Bannon to the NSC? It's unconstitutional
I second this request!
