Dem senators urge WH lawyer to prevent future conflicts of interest http://bit.ly/2lzDv4V  
@POTUS admin will not fix this. It's up to @TheDemocrats & Judges like  Ninth Circuit to #StopDictatorTrump
@SenSanders @CNN
@braden_rose Trump must be investigated for his ties to #russia. Everything else is secondary. #russiagate #ImpeachTrump

@TPM sounds like a firing offense.  Ignorance of the law is no excuse - particularly in the White House.
Spoiler alert: nothing. What will you do to make them?
Plain and simple: NOTHING
WH will do nothing. Congress must prosecute.
I'm getting the impression that when the other party or people didn't vote for him complains, he just doesn't care
a sick joke?
Nada!  No muzzle on @POTUS either.
Impeach Trump--he's doing it too. Making money from his position, people staying in his hotels, DoD in Trump Tower. Shameful.
"likely" worry about more important things!
Conway should be fired!
What exactly would you say you do in the Senate?
WH/trump will deny it even happened. Nothing will happen
encourage her. This is the most disgraceful presidency ever
Nothing unless Congress fights @POTUS for what's right Thank you for protecting Americans from #socalledPOTUS #POTUS45 #resist
thank you!  Keep it up!
NOTHING, just like everything else. They operate under different rules. I'm practically incoherent on the topic of trump. WHEW
Nothing. They will continue to defend her position as Propaganda Barbie.
If it's illegal when she does it why isn't it illegal when trump does it?
@NYhatesTrump  lawyer needs to punish and urge prevention of this type of behavior. NEEDS TO BE DONE #investigate #taxes
probably nothing.
It is beyond time to question the mental, legal, and moral fitness of this administration. Congress needs to remove them.
I'm so frustrated that we have a LAW breaking Pres/Admin and so little is being done to stop them. What if everyone did that?
Why doesn't the Senate do anything to remove her? If it violated federal law, it seems pretty cut and dry to me.
use your power
nothing so dems must fight the good fight!
My legal vote was for you Senator. Keep it up. We need you to
If she's wrong  there should be consequences just wish you were this verbal and  hell bent on punishment in the last 8 years.
go start with the Clintons, then get back to us.
nothing. She's distracting us all from the real corruption.
Nothing as they are the most corrupt regime in USA history
, this was a trick question right?
#theyworkforus. Not Ivanka
Please demand that Trump show his tax returns.
Don't we have bigger problems than this to discuss. Think you need to get to work and stop with the games.
Thank you Tammy Please push for action from the ethics committee! It was/is totally unethical. She should resign! #RESISTANCE
Please just keep fighting and standing for the constitution. This is why I voted for you. Do not back down! Keep attacking!
Can you run for POTUS 2020!? I'd vote for you <3
same here!
I want to see this brought down. This is a complete ethics violation by WH staff
They will do nothing unless you push them, Senator Duckworth.
@TPM Respectfully, Senator, no. What will the Senate do to fix it?
this administration will do nothing
Tammy,Tammy,Tammy, now your not for,"women supporting women",
u'r not 4 entrepreneurs,
Two tongue Tammy. #DNC party line! @GOP
He will ask Jim Comey to investigate, who will do so and come to the conclusion that it was not her intent to commit a crime
he won't investigate unless Putin orders him to
- Unfortunately for us #Trump isn't going to do anything at all.
thank you for fighting with us! 
.@SenDuckworth very murky waters between government and private industry. Clearly illegal
Keep up the pressure on the ethics office and on @jasoninthehouse to do the ethical thing. Thanks, you're a great senator.
knowing Trump, he'll probably move the QVC studios to the White House.
she needs to be fired. Just think if it was Obama's lawyer...fire her!!
I agree, WH won't do anything. But Pence will be POTUS if Trump tries 2 circumvent court+Pence will fire her.
better ?, how do we get @realDonaldTrump 2 stop lining his pocket as @POTUS ? He won't do anything to KAC. #Birdsofafeather
what about POTUS using FL resort for govt mtgs?
What will YOU do to fix this? You are a United States Senator!!
what will YOU do? What is your plan to stop this madness
Thank you for doing your job 
Thank You!!!! Thank you Thank you Thank you
She'll get a slap on the wrist, then go back to alternative fact telling.
Thank you!  Give 'em hell!
exactly what they do 2 all crooks in DC..Nothing or reward them w/new cabinet positions, i.e. @SenatorSessions & Tom Price.
"Likely?"
Good.. throw her ass in prison
Next to Hillary...oh, wait...
@TPM Your partisanship is a embarassment to your position and to our state. #norespect #nohonor #noclass
She violated the rules.  Your partisanship is a embarassment to the human race. #norespect #nohonor #noclass
She needs to be let go and fined.
Sadly not a thing...but they are ok with silencing a senator when it counts! 
When it counts to break a Senate rule?  #consistencyplease
Repubs don't invoke 19 on themselves...ie Cruz vs McConnell consistency would be nice you're right! 
they'll do absolutely nothing, and we all know it, and congress will not punish them, sadly.
you are focusing on wrong issue and wrong person. Focus on Trump and Flynn.
Knowing how well the WH is working at this point, they probably won't do a thing about Ms. Conway. Thank you for resisting.
Thank you senator!
Nada unless forced
my guess is absolutely nothing!!
#lockherup
Thank you Senator! How's the investigation of Russian interference in our election going?
Thank you Senator Duckworth, America is worth your fight!!
Iran chants "Death to America" and Democrats want them to be our neighbors!
WH won't do anything. Please ask for action from the ethics committee.
