You don't hold a candle.
Nonsense. Nazis were socialists, creatures of the left. Leftists, Nazis, socialists & communists believe in big totalitarian governments.  So did FDR, but that was contrary to US traditions at that time. Americans were never alt-left. This is revisionist nonsense.
Sickness! Leftism is a sickness.  Nazi = Socialist  Left = Socialist All of the bad guys were Leftists in World War II.
False.
There is no Right in America. The @GOP and @DNC are Leftists Criminals. If you vote for them, you are complicit.
Clearly a troll. Not wasting any more time on you.
There's no comparison to WWI GI's and Nazi-Antifa. Pig.
Chicken-necked, commie mom's basement dwellers vs brave soldiers fighting a mechanized war machine.

You're right - no difference.

IDIOT.
I think you and I should meet in a boxing ring. Not a threat, chicken neck. A challenge.
So massive killing of jews is ok? we are  bad people for attacking germany as they exterminate?
other way around, hitler was an alt left homosexual.
Nice appeal to emotion, but in reality, you call them nazis all day. Getting irony takes the ability 2 juxtapose more than 1 idea at a time.
my grandfather died on that beach...should we have let germany exterminate the jews?
That’s ah Lie.
So much for the tolerant left! :)

(I'm sorry, but humor is one of the few ways I have of dealing with this. I'm a Brit & right now I feel very sorry for our good allies, the people of the USA) :|
Ass backwards, nazis were national socialists with party controlling government, punishing free speech, demanding loyalty to the party. Sounds similar to the left.
Handy Guide to Alt Left
Lol, you have got to be kidding me. 

Should we be scared? I hope not, because it ain't happening.
Oh, wait u mean the All Right violent coming at the Nazis?
If you seriously cannot tell the difference, you're merely an assclown.
Oh snap! This is a great tweet my man!
To even draw comparisons between the two is vile and dishonours our grandfathers who actually fought nazis. This is an idiotic comparison!
My dad came out of one of those landing craft
And he would have kicked  Nazi ass then yours Scott Gilmore.
My uncle was there, on that day. 1st wave. He would say, fuck Trump & his racist crew. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/320th_Barrage_Balloon_Battalion …
This is offensive 2 every military person who had served. Ur Alt Left hate patriots, so ur comparison is INACCURATE! @GIJoeOPS UR thoughts?
This disrespectful #BetaMale doesn't know what the hell he's talking about! Nazis were alt-left, "National Socialist German Workers Party."
The Nazi part name has nothing to do with socialism. They were Facists who believed in White Supremacy. Alt Right and Nazi's - same stuff!
Sorry.. but he (hitler)was a socialist & was also a nationalist (hence national-socialism). He fostered national unity instead of class war.
Don't care what it is called, the Alt Right and Nazi's have similar beliefs. BTW, Nationalism is also an Alt Right (Trump) ideal.

I don't know who spews more bullshit. You or @cathmckenna I'd hate to hear a conversation between you two
US soldiers were not communist agitators you shining example of public school education.
Trump is succeeding in taking far right, hate groups from the fringe to mainstream U.S politics. This will not end well for the U.S.
Far right hate groups would be anarchists.
And even anarchy would be preferable to collectivist slavery.
Far right hate group will lead to death, destruction and untold misery.
And far left hate groups have led to millions of deaths as we had to fight against their slavery.

Far right = anarchists.
How dare you compare our military veterans to antifa. You are a disgusting excuse for a human being. You can suck it!!!!
That is what happened Normandy anti-fascist soldiers invaded and liberated the continent from HItler's rule.  FYI
Antifa are left-wing extremists & there are no real fascists in America today. Only people antifa falsely accuses of fascism.
i can tell you haven't been to hayden idaho .... ever... i guess i envy you that... its a scary place for anyone not white het brainwashed
The white supremacists that exist in our country are not a threat to the world like the nazis were. Racists here won't start a world war.
If we elect them to office they might. you seem bent on defending them, you might even feel the way they do, ifso u r part of the problem
None of them have been elected to office. @realDonaldTrump was endorsed by Medger Evers brother. Certainly not a racist.
lijkt me idd tijd om wat genuanceerde rechtse mensen te gaan volgen ;-)
Ach vind het geen hele vreemde vergelijking. Antifa heeft betere idealen dan fascisten. Als het erop aankomt liever geweld daarvoor.
Vraag is alleen 'of het erop aankomt'. Die kan ik niet zo snel beantwoorden. Foto laat wel zien dát er een moment kan komen dat geweld mag.
dat kan. Maar het koppelen aan Antifa....
Relevante punt van vergelijking is de gedeelde ideologie: 'geweld tegen nazi's mag'. Wat dat betreft gaat de vergelijking op.
dat wel. Alleen ligt de lat van protest bij Antifa een stuk lager, daarom is de vergelijking met WOII scheef. Fortuyn bv geen Charl'ville.
Lat voor protest mag ook lager dan die voor legerinvallen medunkt. Fortuyn had racistische ideeën die weersproken mochten.
Hij had alleen niet vermoord mogen worden natuurlijk. Maar dat gehuil over 'oh nee ze protesteren' snap ik echt niet.
I see what you did there but to be more precise these were establishment cucks. The alt-left came from the opposite direction.
As a Historian I find your utter lack of education on this subject mindbogglingly offensive. I find the MeToo chorus equally excretable
Here's a hint for ignorant and mal-educated *Hitler was a SOCIALIST, ergo, he was a LEFTIST* he wrote about it in his BOOK!
That isn't the Alt-Left. This is the Alt-Left:
You have no clue what you’re talking about. The Nazis were #socialists making them #altleft  & they were defeated by  & the Allied powers
What exactly have the Nazis done to call them socialists?
If only there was a place I could look up free information readily accessible for free... 

Oh, by the way, it’s in the name. Just to answer your question.
It wasn't a workers party. 45% workers in Germany 1933, 28% workers as member in the NSDAP.

Names are nothing.
Hahaha.  That’s funny.
WW2 vets wouldn't even recognize the alt-left as legit Americans.  Just another brand of socialism.  Try Soviets vs. Nazis instead.
WW2 vets wouldn't even recognize the alt-left as legit Americans.  Just another brand of socialism.  Try Soviets vs. Nazis instead.
Nazis weren't alt right, they were authoritative but not economically conservative
They weren't socialistic in economics, too.
You got that backwards.
Um.... this is dday.  It's not a liberal fantasy movie
Wow, r u really that ignorant of history? ACTUALLY the alt-right coming at the alt-left.  ONLY alt-left on OUR side was attacking from land.
Yeah, no. The Soviets didn't land on Normandy.
Wow. I think you need to reread some history books.
Idiotic remark. my dad & uncles served, one shot down on DDay. they & few who fought would have anything in common w alt left of today
Actually it’s the other way around.
Capitalists attacking Socialists. Check-Mate.
Libtard delusions LOL.  Looks like pro Capitalism US and Brits Attacking Socialist Nazis.
Nazis were left-wing Socialists.

Your history is shit.
Don’t know history do ya! Exactly backwards! Today Dems would side with Nazis.
WWII could have been prevented if they listened to the Lady in Fatima Portugal in 1917.  Worse is  coming.  Get right with our God. Pray4me!
I thought it was an amphibious assault, not an ANTIFAous one.
Brave, intrepid, selfless Americans serving in WWII are the EXACT opposite of anonymous, face-covered "Alt-left" with all due respect.
LULZing at idiot Scott Gilmore for even remotely suggesting those 1944 American troops who stormed Normandy were alt-left. What a fricktard.
Nice try. But Nazism is a leftist ideology.
Heather putting out that geezer Bush groped her tiny butt.  Is that the alt left violently coming out against the right?
You’re a hoot, snowflake. Bless your little heart. You should move to Venezuela.

You've got the pics mixed up, leftist fascist.
You have that reversed dumbass.  Nazis were socialist.
@heatherglind nice try douche bag!
What a load of shit. Not a single guy on one of those boats was a fucking communist.
Hitler proudly got all his cues - ideas - from the Democrat Party. (True -look it up)
Figures Dems would try to make such an absurd analogy
Actually it was the alt Right going at the alt Left in 1944.  Alt Right won!
Didn't realize that American and GB were communists back in WW2.
A tweet this dumb should come with a coupon for psychotherapy.
If WW2 heroes actually saw the real alt-left pussies of today they would've charged the beach where those pot-smoking tards r chilling out 2
Heroes who risked their lives against machine guns, artillery & tanks in a war where 50 million died is exactly the same as some Antifa wuss
Hmmm...The other way around.  Socialism and Marxist flawed ideology being destroyed by capitalism.
Have not seen any evidence the Alt-right is attacking anyone or taking any territory. Clearly Gilmore has no understanding of WW2 history!
For you to take that Photo and put it into this format is Disrespectful to the Men and women who lost their lives in World War 2.
Probably first time in history anyone's called  Winston Churchill of the Conservative Party  or General Eisenhower "alt-left".
so its ok now to be alt left? to me both of you are the problem, you are one and the same. hillery/russia? hows that uranium?foundation?
5 Uncles-- one who could be the driver in this picture-- would highly disagree with being called Alt-left. ALL Americans fought together.
To compare our grandfathers with low testosterone gama male communists is an insult to our veterans.
Reality: conservatives violently coming at the totalitarian left, circa 1944.
You don’t get to put honorable men like WW2 vets in the same category with antifa punks who destroy others property and assault people.
Conservative Democrats from A Democratic Nation Confront #SocialistNaziNationalists And Won The Day. The Aryan Master Race? Master of Chaos.
RW & SG? Beautiful
No way this won't lead to a battle of semantics. 
Looks more like all Americans making sure alt-left can protest and not in German or Japanese. Those still living support our President Trump
Laddies & Gentlemen, this shows what delusion is ... the very definition of insult to good vs Evil!!!
LWF
Ma great granda was there
is that how these great SJWs feel today? like they're the moral equivalent to the heroes that secured them the liberal rights they shit on??
You throw SJW around like a slur. And this tweet is a joke. Because there is no alt left. And 99% of the left wouldn't touch a rifle.
there is an alt left- left against liberal principles- regressive left. See violence protesters against free speech or ihadist-apologists.
Not really. More like the right coming at the left with the alt-left coming at the left from the other side.
The "alt-left" was Stalin, who enabled Hitler #HitlerStalinPact  #ReadHistory

Nazi stands for National SOCIALISM. Get it? SOCIALISM. Say it out loud, Scott. #Antifa #cdnpoli #onpoli #topoli #FakeNewsMedia #MediaParty
Orwell shaking his head... 
war is peace
freedom is slavery
nazis were socialists
ignorance is strength
Educate yourself, Rudy. Life is too precious to go through it ignorant. https://www.britannica.com/event/National-Socialism … #cdnpoli #onpoli #topoli #Antifa = #Nazi

To bad the NAZIs were socialists like the "alt left". But keep bsing yourself.
That's nonsense.  We didn't have "right or left" in those days.  You are obviously much to young to recall.
So many died to free Europe from a Murderous Dictator like Traitor trump.
And we can't let Congress forget it
Weren't many "alt"-ernatives back then mate?
Still think the alt left is equivalent to the men at D-day?

You wish this was the left coming after the right! Your snowflakes would never have the guts to enter the beaches pf Normandy
You actually have that backwards. You do realize communism is extreme socialism right?
The alt-Left was the Fascists in Germany, Spain and Italy.  The Alt-Right were Americans.  Nazis were neither. Didn't you attend classes?
After you came out from under that rock the sun must be hurting your eyes.
You accuse MY eyes of dysfunction?  You Marxist Socialists are Russian shills... learn who your real masters are.
Buddy I get it. You're desperate to prove that your brand of hate & bigotry is superior to someone else. I'm not.
I don't have any hate and bigotry, I'm merely educating you to where yours came from... you should be thanking me.
There ya go liking your own stuff again. No thanks.
Sorry,U cant rewrite history,U can try2learn it.USA far from leftist mental dwarfs then,capitalism surged to 50%of global GDP
Scott are these Russian soldiers, if not u took a giant leap here, Allies didn't fight for Alt-left values on display in 2017.
Our troops during WWII were the alt-left?  You must be high!
Despicable u'd use veterans to try & make a point.  Even more disgusting u'd liken each of my grandfather's 2 anarchists/antifa #noshame
Wow. You're confused. What's despicable is that you would allow nazism into our nation under the false pretense of free speech.
You have no idea what you're mad about do you? Get some coffee or stop being so sensitive.
Well i spelled it out for u in my next tweet. I thinking despicable this guy would compare WW2 vets 2 radical criminals covered by masks
Right On!
Alt brainless bsing all-over tw !  you're just ridiculous. Poor thing
Funny you should say that...this is a huge bunch of guys that would never have voted for a woman or a black person to be President. #rekt
This beyond offensive. ....just stop.
OMG, like the weaklings on the left who hate America would EVER be men enough to do this, most delusional EVER.
Nazi (Social nationalism) and fascism was influence by communism (far-left) and are still left ideology today. So that make no sens.
https://youtu.be/lnNYXgV7L-c .  The Alt Left knows what it can do !
Isis wasn't at Normandy
Are you familiar with the concept of the Big Lie? FYI even when you believe it, it's still not true.
Seriously, the underlying distinction of the Right and Left is the primacy of the group or individual. 
Identity politics is Leftist.
Do you know what a Socialist is?
Isn't the alternative to the right the Left? 
#ItsWhatTheNameSays
#Lolz
Was generally conservative (right-wing) Christian white boys fighting the National Socialists you putz. 
An insult to WW2 veterans. Soldiers didn't march the streets beating innocent people and riot. They didn't burn American flags
To equate the Alt left with American soldiers is such bullshit a fallacy our American soldiers were never ever communists like ANTIFA is.
Without a permit no less
Brave, terrified American boys from across the political and racial spectrum coming at REAL nazis, circa 1944. There, fixed it for you. 
Lmaoooooo
Soviet Gulag - This is what the Left violently coming after the Right looks like.
Nazi=National SOCIALIST  German Workers' Party. Please explain how that works again.
BTW, the Nazis were the alt-left.
This is so unbelievably unhistoric, it's insane - unless those are actually Soviet soldiers pictured.
Yes but the alt-right had the proper "permit" to be in that beach...
Those guys actually had male genitalia so no.
Stop insulting our Veterans, you traitor. They would hate you for it. Get out of your #BubbleofHysteria
The #AltLeft wouldn't know how 2 storm an artillery-fortified beach if their worthless lives depended on it. 
#PussyHatBrigade  
#PoundSand

Just like Normandy. 
They were not "alt left". This is a false analogy.
Alt -left-Stalin's regime 20,000,000 killed--People's Repub China, Mao's regime 40,000,000- just 2 ALT-LEFT murders WISE UP!
Weren't your fellow travelers just criticizing "Dunkirk"for not being diverse enough?
Trying to own this but not the left's responsibility for slavery? Bold.
You really need to read history. You have your facts confused. KKK was founded by Democrats. Lincoln was a Republican.  Freed slaves=Repubs
You have it back wards. Nazi Germany was a socialist-Left organization. #America in 1944 was right-center,  freedom and liberty loving 
You have totally missunderstood this. Nazism is a socialism,with a strong touch of nationalism. So USA was fighting socialism, not alt-right
"Bad people on both sides". SML
Bring it. Cant wait for your extinction.
Yeah right, because the Germans had a permit to be in France and were peacefully demonstrating.
Nazis were socialist, so they were alt-left
Bot bot bot
Great, great photo, great Tweet.
No, that's Americans.

What extremists do: This is fascists and anti-fascists celebrating their victory in a parade together, Poland 1939
Trying to compare antifa thugs to American heroes of Normandy is disgusting Amazing amount of disrespect. You're part of the problem Scott.
Did this event not happen?
Dumbest tweet ever.
Don't you dare compare my ancestor that fought in this war to your alt left Antifa group check yourself
It sad you didn't bother to find out just what Antifa is all about. But perhaps you already know.
Those men are rolling over that communists are allowed to destroy America and stupid little men like you compare them.
My impression was this is humor. Everyone seems to be taking it literally.
You people truly are beyond parody.
Wish you could put alt-left, alt-right, KKK, ANTIFA, and BLM all on an island. Then, they fight it out and America's problems are solved!
The alt-left were at home on the couch in all the wars. Creedence Clearwater song "Fortunate Son" says it perfectly.

Would it have taken forever to just look up the date of D-Day? 
@SamHarrisOrg thoughts on this?
You do realize that nazis are actually socialist and therefore left of center?
Perfect
Delete this
Shame on you. Comparing these heroes with socialists and communists. Sovjets first made a deal with Hitler.
Delete this
I'm at a loss for words this disrespect is just disgusting
Not alt-left. Americans.
I think that "alt-left" in this context was sarcastic.
True but II'm not giving an inch
I'm with you.
