I take seriously my constitutional responsibility to offer POTUS informed consent&I won't vote to end debate on a nom who won't answer my Qs
I have serious concerns w/ #SCOTUS nom Judge Gorsuch's record. Judge Gorsuch has not alleviated these concerns& I cannot vote to confirm him
 thank you senator!
Right that just means he can double as a Democrat when he needs too.
That's right. 

It requires Senate control.
That's obvious, just look at Sotomayor & Kagan! Now that's what real SCOTUS material looks like. Only dentity politics and hypocisy counts!
Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed. Damn Chuckie Schumer, Tammy Duckworth and Merrick Garland! It's over Johnny (progressive radical liberals)!
I hope you vote to not confirm him.
Mahalo, Sen Duckworth 
Well said.
I'm in TX, but I sincerely appreciate your decision to not vote to end debate on a nominee who seems to be in the pocket of corporations.
@ibascary1 No Gorsuch!
Judicial nominees are bound by law not to comment on pending or possible legal matters that may come before them on the bench.
Does it make you feel like less of a Senator knowing you are going to fail in your efforts to stop him?
#askingforafriend

I agree. My Mom agrees. My 2 sisters agree. Please oppose him for #StolenSeat.
So why r u on the fence about confirming??
I'm with you. Except that I think he's actually condescending and arrogant. Please vote no.
Ideally yes, in reality no not really.
humm
What he says matters little. He was appointed by administration that possible colluded with our enemies to Ron election. No lifetime appoint
filibuster please!   That's a Dem President's seat to fill!
Thank you Senator Duckworth!
Vote YES for #SCOTUS
Go Senator Duckworth!
Hoopla. I am a constituent. I voted for you. Thank you Senator.
Tammy, join the filibuster
Didn't they all or am I missing something?
But he doesn't even have a genial demeanor.
We should not be confirming SCOUTUS appointments from a man under investigation for collusion with a foreign government.
Dems and the lies they tell themselves.
Tammy you're my Senator thank you for this also please support Bernie and Conyer's Medicare-for-all bills thank you
@BenjaminPDixon 
Unless the #SCOTUS nominee's name is "Merrick Garland" you must #FILIBUSTER !!!
NO SCOTUS WHILE POTUS IS UNDER CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION!!! #lockhimup
his record alone should disqualify him & YOU should have been the one to refuse to meet him. He is clearly unacceptable
Truth. Thank you. Senator.
I hope you can convince the rest of your party of this
Not sure about the genial, to me his manner reads as sly. 
No to Gorsuch!
GOSH and GOORSHSUCH!!!
his education is top notch,you are being dishonest
maybe you need to do a lil homework being a new senator on #SCOTUS  Ruth Bader Ginsburg testimony. Hypocrisy look that up too
I'd invite Garland in for HIS vetting. I don't think there's anything stopping you Dems. He and you all could show America how it's done.
Remember, Pence is all folksy and stuff too, but that doesn't make him less of a monster to women and veterans
Hold the Line until he resigns or you can get him out of there he should  not get a #SCOTUS  appointment.
Thank you Senator.
Agreed!
the Senate should not confirm any candidate while the WH is under investigation by the FBI. Period.
No vote on SCOTUS while POTUS is under investigation by FBI
Not a time to confirm SCOTUSUS hasn't been shrouded in this much dust n dirt since Great Dust Bowl-Can't see clearly.Not now!
that's the whole dishonest point
I have seen a SCOTUS nom that actually had an ad campaign. They ran them in Florida. It's partisan, big monied, and disgusting.
TY Senator!
*never seen
Keep up the good work Senator!
This seat has been vacant for a year. With the  investigation of POTUS ongoing, the hearing should be halted until it's completion. No rush.
Halted until 2020. This is all the marbles.
Did not draw this conclusion, rather, despite some app of baiting and party politics, a steadfast personification of our constitution.
Put me in coach
Very true glad to hear it from you!!!
So isn't prejudice in future cases justified by the consistent application of our laws? I'd rather have bias and consistency than questions.
Each case has different facts, but is governed by the same laws. The facts determine the applicability of the laws.
why do we continue to let the #corruption #nepotism and breaking of the EmolumentClause from the Whitehouse
because that section doesn't apply,it was meant for bribes
He shouldn't worry that commenting on current and past cases will show prejudice in future cases. Each case presents different facts.
This confirmation must be postponed until we have a clear understanding of the involvement of the Trump campaign with Russia. #SCOTUS
If he thinks the law is black and white enough for him to judge his cases, then the laws are prejudicing his decisions.
You tell em Tammy! We will fight until we get one of our judges in there! Maybe one of the ones that have blocked the Muslim ban!!
What exactly is "one of your judges"? I also don't recall seeing Muslims called out. Doesn't matter, just thank Harry Reid. Nuke option
Gorsuch claims that he rules based on what the law says, but it's his interpretation of what the law says. He won't admit he has any bias.
YES!!!
Leaving out fact there is knowledge of the law qualifies #SCOTUS is #shady, #onetermsenator #ChickenLittle #DNC  #manufacturedmeltdown
However deliberate avoidance of legitimate bona fides has some bearing on it too. #honesty #pseudopundits #ethicsethicsethics
@SenDuckworth you really want to quote #ethicsethicsethics, not staying how a judge will decide on hypathical examples is great #ethics
I'm guessing the word you were looking for was "hypothetical." :) My sincere apologies; I'm just an old guy whose political experience...
As a Chicago constituent, thank you for this, Senator.
& it needs to be *after* our so called president is cleared of treason or something by the FBI. No new laws should be made during this time.
Maybe that should be his Nick - artful dodger.
Hopefully doesn't involve Russian involvement in our election either.
You are 100% right, but I highly doubt this will stop the confirmation.
