...Haven't earned him a promotion. I was sent here to protect hardworking Illinoisans not impose his misguided & harmful proposals on them
lord I'm over here in Ky wishing you were my Senator, Sen. Duckworth. Much love and support from a state or two away
No, no, you can't have her! 
.@SenDuckworth can we follow the $ let's see the tax returns, Russia? China?
that was Obama's agenda
thank you, Senator. Keep fighting for us!
Thank you!
TY. These votes do matter, even when they don't go in our favor.
My family will lose everything we've worked so hard far while caring for our severely disabled 33 yr old son! Stop this crazy!
I sincerely appreciate that you offer reasons and rationale for each of your votes. Thank you!
Me, too! That level of transparency is a cut above.
Thank You Tammy, keep up the good work!
Thank you Senator.
Thank you. Serious Q: Who starts the impeachment process? Polls say half of America wants it.
Thank you!
thank you so much for EVERYTHING. Proud to have voted for you!
thank you for all you have already done as our senator
Thank you for your service and support!
We know you're working hard, thank you.
what else is new
love what you are doing. Working on getting you help through The House #sneakypete
http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/OPf3X …
thank you!!
Thank you
thank you for your support!
Thank you Senator Duckworth. My 89 year old mom's contribution to Medicare should not be stolen #WeValueOurSeniors
Thank you Senator Duckworth 

 @RebeccaCokley
Thank you, Senator! We appreciate your fight so much!
thank you
@InSpiteOfTrump Thank you for your courage and service. You are an inspiration!
Thank you!!
MUST stop Price De Vos all others Lead March MAKE REVOLUTION PROTEST AGAINST ALL NON STOP UNFIT STOP HURTING PEOPLE
thank you for voting against price
Thank You
@InSpiteOfTrump that's why I voted for you
thank you.
Thank you.  @SenDuckworth Making me proud of my vote.
you are not truthful, you voted against Sec. Price because your following the orders from the DNC, how do you sleep at night?
Thank You!
Thank you!
Thank You!
Thank you! You are a true hero!  Thank you for fighting to preserve and protrct our rights.

Thank you! Keep up the good fight!
thank you!
Thank you, as always, for your strong stances against this administration.
is a lemming. I wish you were still the leader you were when you were in the service. You were part of a good team now just...
a pawn for the DNC
Thanks!
Also because he appears to be a crook "Drain the swamp" indeed  Appreciate your fight on our behalf
thank you! 
maybe next time you'll get a win, but here's your participation trophy anyways.
Really. You voted against him because that is what your party told you to do.
Thank you
Thank you for voting against him!
, thank you
@EricShapiro3 thanks
Proud of you, Tammy!
Thank you. I am proud to have voted for you.
Thank you
Thank you Senator, glad I had the opportunity to vote for you! Keep up the opposition please!
"because he is a Republican" works too.
Thank you Tammy, esp on behalf of millions of seniors, vets, cancer survivors and poor!
Thank you Tammy for putting the people first 
again, thank you.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you. Keep it going.
Thank you for once again standing up for what's best for the American people.
Thank you for your vote @SenDuckworth and for your continued efforts!
Thank you, Senator Duckworth!
Thank you standing up this regime! Thank you for speaking in DC. So happy you were there. We are with you!
Thank you Senator Duckworth!!
Thank you, Senator Duckworth.
thanks
Thank you Senator!  You are inspiring us to resist!
Thank you!
thank you Senator, please keep fighting for the rights of all, we're behind you 100%
Keep up the good fight.  Thank you for your service!
