Mark one for justice.
this gives me faith in our democracy. Thank you. Keep fighting. I am excited for Duckworth 2020!
@KD4AEN 

And obama........ he even blocked cuban refugees at mexican border soooo. Hypocrites
your use of the term "Muslim Ban" is incorrect, to knowingly make a false statements is dishonest, this makes you liar...shame
horrifying Judical branch can insert opinion & not rule on law. This sets horrible precedent 4 any President now or in future
It's called checks and balances
checks and balances?
sad day for the country. But what would you expect from the 9th circuit court.
momentum is not on your side. you will lose. the Constitution is on our side, We the People will not be ignored
"we the people" "supports candidate who lost popular vote" lol
but won the election which is the only thing that counts
He won electoral college but if you say we the people - that's the popular vote.  Lost!
look at a map, its alllll red baby
No one is denying the electoral college baby!  Again We the people is popular vote. LOST!
ok the "popular vote" isnt a thing lol do you know how presidential elections work?
NO ONE is denying he's president or the red map. Only YOU seem to be unable to accept WE THE PPL is pop vote and HE LOST.
thank you
California will take them too. We have 38 million people, another hundred thousand will make us no difference!
majority of Illinois disagrees with you
Right, that's why she won.
She won because she had an extremely week opponent I admire her and her patriotism but not obstructionism
Kirk weak? I guess if the old R mold of moderate is weak (I saw lots of "RINO" claims) As an Indy I like moderate
just wanted to say that you are one of my heroes in the Senate. Deep respect for you. Keep up the good work!
you might have been a hero once, now nothing but a sheep following the DNC Agenda, shame, #ChickenLittle
Muslim ban is inaccurate and not an element of the EO.
A senatorial due-out is not to mislead their constituency esp via partisan rhetoric. Muslim ban?  We need teamwork in Wash.
#HajibisMisogyny 
#Hajibissexism
#bantheburka
No, they ruled in favor of staying the TRO until it's examined. R U really that dumb?
awesome news!!!!!
your use of that proven fake hash tag is reducing you to democratic leftwing hack nutjob status. Exprcted more from Senator!
not a Muslim ban period. Law is law. You all will be exposed.
The ruling of the incompetent and most overturned court was unconstitutional. 
Please explain how this was a muslim ban.
FACT: U.S. Constitution does not afford foreigners a right of entry into the U.S. & can be barred from entry for any reason.
Where in the Constitution does it grant rights to non citizens? And stop lying by saying it is a #muslimbanban. @CR
Keep up the good work!  #RESIST
Illegals are not included in our Constitution! End of debate!
it is not a Muslim ban. And courts should judge the law not politics.
Oh yeah. Let's keep fighting the good fight, and not stop until the Constitution and our democracy are safe!
Fuck momentum, we have morality on our side
how can the Constitution apply to foreign nationals not even on US soil? @BillWest5
thank you senator for your support. I am especially concerned with the threat of further Russian military activity.
it's not a Muslim ban. It's making sure people are properly vetted when they come to this country.
@chelleinchicago thank you judicial branch #checksandbalances
Lets see,When it gets to the Supreme Court, and it will. It gets reinstated. 11/8 has consequences."our side" seems divisive
yes keep the pressure up. We can't let him be a dictator! Thank you
I agree
they don't agree with either side read the ruling.
Pls don't fall into trap of "our side." On side of constitution, human kindness, i.e. stg specific is inclusive.
U couldn't care less about the safety of the citizens of the USA but you temp 1upped @POTUS , WOO HOO! congrats you dolt! GAWD
you my girl
just for now
Odd since that so-called Muslim ban excludes 87% of Muslims!

@SenDuckworth
praise God!! And I'm not even religious!
Momentum? What about law?  People like you created Trump.  Why don't you get that?
@MeaningIsMine Don't celebrate yet. The truth will prevail. 9th circuit most overturned court of all time.They are wrong AGAIN
Get after 'em Tammy!  You represent millions from coast to coast.
you are putting my family in danger for momentum. You are disgusting!
They are supposed to rule on law, not values. They'll be overturned as usual. Don't get too excited.
as an Army vet surprised you care nothing about the security of US. Not a Muslim ban, 40+ Muslim countries not affected!
- At least the judicial branch of our government is run by people who have actually read the constitution.
Not exactly. You may not be aware that your party was trounced in November. You did win a  court ruling.
trump wants to keep us more safe. If you don't care about your worthless life and if you have any kids think of them for once
do you read anything other than the National Enquirer there's a new invention called Library try it
the enquirer is more accurate than the times. Lol
You can't always get what you want  (Quoting the Rolling Stones )
@NBCNews @MSNBC  American people win!  Our fore fathers are #proud their system works. #noban #StopPresidentBannon
you do realize all the Trump Administration needs to do is reword a New EO and he can reinstate the new one
Take out the constitution and READ It
it's not just CAIR and the Muslim brotherhood it's Aq ISIS Hamas and many many others
oh and the travel halt was 100% constitutional you might want to think about that come time for your next election
Our homeland just became more dangerous.
a muslim ban woukd of been all 40 or so states, not just the 7 terrorist training camps.
I'm glad you so Happy when terrorism does strike it's going to be in the very Sanctuary Cities that fought to bring them here
Two different issues. But 45 loves the uneducated.
We all knew this was coming with three liberal judges,but we've also seen Our President TKO so many,never underestimate him
They are the most over turned court and you are the most useless illinois politician
Tammy, when you learn to read, with comprehension, let us know! Too bad, 9th circuit sponsored by?
Certainly n constitution
How did you get elected?
"SEE YOU IN COURT" - who does this nitwit think he's addressing?
Really deep in 25th Amendment territory here.
@SenatorDurbin This is just a bump in the  road #obstructionists @POTUS He does not give up easily. #Americafirst
the constitution wins-- @POTUS you are not above the law-SCOTUS is not bankruptcy court-purpose is to defend the constitution
the courts, the press and a few brave senators and representatives are all that stand between freedom and a dictatorship
Allahu Akbar you Infidel!
1...2...3 strikes he's out at the old ball game! The Supreme Court won't decide they can't overrule anymore than the Appeals.
@SadBeth1 meanwhile the dress code for tonight's dinner with Tillerson and Adelson is "loose bathrobe"
we will keep fighting. I'll be with u after I recover after surgery
Keep up the good fight!
THANK YOU for speaking out against him and the administration. Keep fighting for us!!
.@SenDuckworth  Trump: SEE YOU IN COURT
Judges: Ok, that's... where we work. 9-5 sir. 

Lmao
Exciting!!!
