America we have to impeach trump now
. I  you but in addition to being outraged you need to act. He's impeachable. Do your job.
FYI: We have a CONSTITUTION. ONLY the HOUSE OF REPS can IMPEACH. (Senators can only act AFTER that takes place.)
We could have a conversation with out you yelling.
CAPS to place some otherwise unavailable emphasis on key words "hurt? Oh, honey. We both want the same result here.
I know who has 2B the one to impeach. What I meant was much like Maxine Watters we need all their voices...
Thank you for your continued service to our (already & still) great country!
agree
@Stuart98_ Apparently feeding the hungry doesn't count as a result.
RT'd
#TrumpRussia
says
#MealsOnWheelsno results
More #TrumpLies

Study
https://news.brown.edu/articles/2015/03/meals …
Less falls/hospitalizations
tell them sometimes this meal delivery is the only human contact some of these people get. #TheRealInhumanity
The first 2 months of Trumps golfing would pay 4 years for meals and wheels, and more, impeach the bastard
@Hillaryh4444Hos What results? A profit?! It's about caring for our fellow Americans!
@votevets WTF how do they measure that some days my 103 yr old Grammas only meal was that Meals on Wheels
he hates us all
trump is saying "let them eat cake"
The united way has a big meals on wheels program at every local employer yearly fundraiser. Goes to local seniors.
@realDonaldTrump The only results Donald Trump expects from any program is to have more money in his own pocket. So sad.
@DrDinD True, they tend not to enter a ton of senior Olympic races
I guess "results" = "things that thicken MY wallet" in Trump's eyes...
What 45 really means is the seniors are living too long.  He's out to fix that.
There are many combat vets in Oregon that use the program they fought so hard and sacrificed so much for.  Shameful !
I cant believe he's taking "food" away from people, pure greed in the highest regard #realDonaldTrump
Like education isn't about growth, it's about testing (profits)
How many personal checks have you uttered to Meals on Wheels?
as a constituent, I appreciate all you do to fight against the crazy of 45's administration.  Keep up the good work.
@realdonaldtrump #mealsonwheels benefit not only the recipients, but also the volunteers
@RumpisMaximus BUDGET HAS TO BALANCE!! GET ILLEGAL FREELOADERS OFF FREE EVERYTHING THEN!!
@RumpisMaximus that food is crap anyway. My ex husband used to get it. He didn't NEED it as SSI was $2500 a month but FREE
save money for taxpayers and let trump live on his own. no secret service and stop wasting our money
#impeach impeach impeach!!! I can't take it any more!!!!!
@dark_childd  That's nuts. I delivered them to shut in elderly. Sometimes only contact with people and safety checks.
@DilemmaEmmaEmma trump needs to go hungry for awhile
let's not forget the elderly
@AndrewNemec2 We cannot have a president that goes golfing,at his second home,every weekend and cut the food supply to seniors
We won't stand for it.
He could also have added "Let them eat cake". The man and his administration are beyond reprehensible.
@romey01261 The Trump administration are pathological liars and crooks.
Does he want them to starve.  That is a result.  Keep fighting the good fight Senator.
Kept my Father alive.  I say protecting Trump Tower for a wife that doesn't want to live in the WH is showing little results.
MyMom dependedOnMeals/wheels4basic nutrition&well-being checks.Many seniorsCan'tGroceryShop!We cant do this 2R Seniors/Vets.
@votevets This Admin is a dusgrace & travesty to humanity!
i delivered those meals many times and many do not need it.  Have you delivered?
maybe we will be able to keep track of the diabled,elderly who are shut-ins who will starve now with no meals?
@Santi102311 any projection on the wall? I don't think it will have any results at all..
@InSpiteOfTrump Take Trump's meals away for awhile and let them starve. If this doesn't prove how evil they are, what does?
there should be more going towards it . Not less . Cut mar a largo jaunts etc,oil subsidies =more then enough !!!
not showing any results?? Exactly what kind of results does Donny expect??
@SymensDenise  what do "results" look like? Are they looking for a $value for not letting the elderly die of starvation?
bad results equal poor health, hospitalizations, and death....
@TmSchmeling What "results" were they expecting?
What kind of "results" are they referring to?? I thought the MoW "results" were, you know, feeding people. Which it does.
This ploy is right out of Liberalism 101. The bloated bureaucracy is the real threat to seniors.
This is the problem when you only equate success with making money.
These cuts are to the bureaucracy and a decrease in the increase they receive each year. Time to be efficient again.
@ScienceShark  When our seniors start passing from salvation, is that the results they are looking for?
They also help people with disabilities, but no one is mentioning that. 
I can't even with these evil fucks!!
The results of eating are staying alive--what do they mean "not showing any results."  Idiots!
@InSpiteOfTrump if the result you want is to eliminate the poor sick and elderly, than its counter productive. #treason
what kind of metric are they using? Because it doesn't strike me that ROI is a good analytic.
EXACTLY what I came onto this thread to say! 
Tammy I voted for you and I'm counted on y'all to push back on this!!!
@Sinny777 President Trump and his cronies are out of touch with the real world and they don't care. This is unacceptable.
This program helps keep Seniors in their homes. Without it, many would have to enter nursing homes. Actually saves money.
NOT TRUE!! Gov only finds a small portion of meals on wheels
@votevets exactly what results do they want?  Perhaps for the elderly to die so they stop receiving a social security check.
exactly right, surely the measurement of success or "results" is that 2.9m people are alive and well?
Please reach across the aisle to AK senators who represent so many AK vets and seniors. (former IL res)
I don't think he knows what's going on
I don't think he cares...
@votevets How are 'results' supposed to be calculated when it comes to feeding people? LUDICROUS conclusion.
This is so mean and so horrible he is not our president. WE the voters will take them all out next election.
he needs to take the blinders off and see the whole picture
When I left the house today, my 80 year old neighbor was getting her delivery for the day. She isn't allowed to drive anymore.
I deliver them every week.  Trump will never stop me.
Thank you! This is so important.
How is it the GOP calls themselves "pro-life"?  #GOPhypocrisy
