Inspired by the people I’ve spoken w/today. I want them—& all Americans—to know I'll fight to improve, not dismantle, our health care system
Thank you Senator for your leadership, we are deeply appreciative
@nicocoer is that your lovely self I see?!
It is! This duckworth checking on us while we were in holding
 *solidarity* !
Thank you I'm so happy to hear a Senator flat out tell the president he's wrong Please get this nut  out of the WH he's destroying us.
@NationalADAPT make @realDonaldTrump and @Scaramucci look like corrupt, morally bankrupt, hypocrites, that make a mockery of public service
Thank you, Senator Duckworth. I am a proud constituent. #MedicareForAll
We love our senators!
I heart @SenSherrodBrown
So do I! I've been watching him today. He's great
Him and his lovely wife @ConnieSchultz are awesome
I just checked out her profile, and I already love her just based on her most recent tweet
She used to write for the Plain Dealer but left after Sherrod became a senator.
HealthCare is aUniversal Human Rights Issue!GOP wants to turn it into a Massive Tax Cut forWealthy &More CorpWelfare which isUSA true Cancer
You are an inspiration Senator.
Forgive my language but these woman are badasses.
Fight the power
Thank you for your great service!
Fighting the good fight!!! So many hearts to you!!! You keep our spirit alive...
American heroes! #NeverRepeal #SaveACA #VoteNo
Thanks for all your help and support killing the bill
Micheal is a trumpy troll/bot
Thanks Senator you keep amazing us all!! Blessings 
Walk a mile in my shoes.  They wish they could.  They are still fighting for what is rightfully theirs.  Maybe pols will give up theirs.
@senator thune should have met the disabled people on capital hill. Would he still have voted to repeal? Tell them to "stay calm".
Thank you.
I'm disabled. I wish I was strong enough to protest. I'm with the protesters in spirit. None of us are having a fun life.
Thank you Senator @SenDuckworth We respect you enormously and are pushing out here while you fight in there! Keep it up. #Resist #SaveACA
Thank you for your service then & your service today. So glad you are in Congress. Find the laundered Russian money Repubs are living off of
Thank you Sen Duckworth for your service &your incredible sacrifice. It's so sad to watch US citizens beg for HC from GOPelected officials.
Many of our Nations disabled,once wrkd jobs that helped this Nation. WHAT A UNIQUE THANK YOU FROM #THEUNHOLY13+1, 2 PUNISH THEM 4 disability
Thank you @SenDuckworth !! for standing up for all the people of Illinois.
Why didn't you rally when Obama was president. What did he actually do to help those with disabilities?. Facts. Give me facts.
Stupid.  He and the Dems (with 60 votes) passed ACA and Medicaid expansion.
I love it when Politicians tear up the past and current President. Senator you have been in office a very long time where is your solution??
At the end of the day the legislative branch controls the money. If house wants can slash S&E . Operating Exp. hit where he . Not here.
You are all heroes to me!
It's important not to let our guard down. GOP will try again and again to take away Health Care from those American's that need it the Most
You are something special Sen Duckworth. Thank you for your service and inspiration.

Truly @SenateRPC doesn't care how many die how many lives will be ruined just as long as Koch's get their bill and they get their money
I don't like people who don't look perfect - as I define it which is based on Playboys.  Men can be unattractive though.  Obviously.
bet they had good parking for their political lobbying
If we only had more great women like you
Please mention the problem with people with allergies and the use of Claritin D. Cheap drug screens indicate it is meth.
As a person with disabilities I thank you. #FightingStrong #Resistance #DisabilityRights
Hamilton Who Started Rep Party is Against what they are doing!INSANE! Tyrantical& AUTOCRATIC! Vs the VERY original Organization We fought vs
These people need to be on a stage letting their stories be told!  These are Americans who would lose their benefits under TrumpCare!
"Blessed are the Meek: for they shall inherit the Earth." Christians -Third verse of the Sermon on the Mount. Feel any guilt?
You are a warrior and a hero. Thank you for your service.
Fight the good fight, Senator! Thank you for your honorable and continued selfless service to our country.
GO TAMMY GO!!!!RESIST!!!!
Keep up the fight. Illinois is grateful for your service and efforts to #ProtectOurCare

Keep on fighting!!!

Thank you protesters. Thank you Senator Duckworth

#KeepACAalive
True Heros
Thank you, m'am! My Senators don't listen to their constituents, so it's gratifying to see that you do.

Alright Ms Tammy!  Keep fighting the good fight of faith!
Please keep fighting for our rights! I am disabled too.
They are fighting for 1000s of us, too
A REAL patriot! Not like trump
@joncoopertweets Thank you. Our Senator, @sentomcotton has disabled Arkansas activists arrested.
Thank you for all of your hard work @SenDuckworth !
TY @SenDuckworth on behalf of my adult disabled daughter and millions of disabled Americans who rely on Medicaid for their lives
Keep fighting senator!! Thank you!
Please run for POTUS.
THAT'S *MY* SENATOR!! Proud to have voted for you, Tammy!
Go Tammy...
Hang in there.
Dear Senator Duckworth,

Thank you for your undying vigilance, service and dedication to our nation. Please marry all of us.

Love,

America
Thank you Senator Duckworth . A true hero and senator of the people
Way to inspire Sen Duckworth.  Roll down the aisle, look McConnell in the eye and say: Shame on you. Have you no decency?
Thank you for all you've done, continue to do.
I'm so grateful to the ADAPT community for its fierce commitment to healthcare justice & dignity for all. Keep fighting, Senator. Thank you!
Marca Bristo--one of Chicago's treasures--was arrested today defending disability rights & access to health care for disability community.
Fight on Senator! 
Y r we having 2 fight so hard 4 basic human decency? Every other developed country considers health care a basic right! GOP is NOT pro life!
@SenJohnMcCain must feel lives and
Thank you Senator Duckworth!
Proud you are my Senator Tammy. Thank you for the hard work and keeping up the fight.
you and the amazing folks from ADAPT are my inspiration. i was just so tired and then i saw this!!! sending you much love!!!
What is Republican's vision for this country?
Yes, gurl. DONT STOP WE SUPPORT YOU
You AMAZE me! Thank you for all you do.
Keep up the good fight, @SenDuckworth! Proud you're my Senator.
Sen Duckworth: thank you s much for the hard work you do for  your constituants
Love you Tammy, you are an inspiration in these troubled times
Why dont you give up your congressional health plan and go on Obamacare if its that great?
Continue to fight Senator for all of us.
Did The Gestspo Drag Them Out of Their Wheelchairs, like The Last Protest ?
This Senator wanted the protesters in her office.
Kill this bill by amendment, Please keep fighting!
Thank you, Senator Duckworth!
Senator U are Making Us So Proud ROS
I have never regretted voting for you, Sen. Duckworth (nor suggesting my mom do the same). Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank you for your hard work Lt Col Duckworth!
Thank you so much for working for the common good, @SenDuckworth !
McConnell/Ryan/ have no family members with disabilities that need healthcare?  Do not feel it's just to have what they have?  If not?
@SenDuckworth you are an honorable woman. Thank you I have faith in you.
Love you for it! Now fight back with amendments out the wazoo with @SenatorDurbin to give people time to fight! #resist
Thank you Tammy!
The ACA does not need improvement it needs dismantling, exercise some intellectual honesty and accept that the ACA has failed
It's intellectually honest to say the GOP has stymied Dem efforts to improve the ACA & actively undermined it. POTUS is saboteur-in-chief.
ACA lies like your Dr. Keep your Dr. Like your plan keep your plan ave fam save > $2000
Please consider a run for the Presidency in 2020...100 yrs after we got the right to vote. We need to remove and move past this nightmare
You are inspiring me, I appreciate everything you are doing.  I'm so sad today.
Thank you
God Bless you!
This is what a real hero does to help people @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you for your leadership @SenDuckworth we  you & are grateful to have an amazing woman like you on our side! #ProtectOurCare
Thank you for all of your service to America. You are a hero!
Your colleague- @karenhandel #GA06 -is lying about what #trumpcare covers https://twitter.com/HybridVigorUS/status/873984547339292672 …
@karenhandel lies about everything. Georgians are well versed in her underhanded tactics.
God bless you, @SenDuckworth. You are a true, American hero!
Yes she is
