#DeVos has never taught or worked in a school & has no degree in #edpolicy. It's a shame she'll helm the agency tasked w educating our kids
Unfortunately, our children and our nation will suffer the consequences of #DeVos' confirmation for decades to come.
thank you for representing me! #IVote
thank you senator for standing up against DeVos and the trump agenda. You are a hero again and again.
THANK YOU for your work.  Please keep fighting for us.
thank you for voting against
thank you Tammy!
thank you for your vote.
keep fighting!! Thank you!
Thank You Senator. Unlike @SenJohnMcCain YOU have BALLS! @USNavy 73-77
Make America Dumber Than It Already Is.
dumber the population, the easier to control. Look at the “American Taliban” (fundamentalist christians) pushing their beliefs
Thank you for voting NO on Betsy Devos. She is definitely NOT qualified!
thank you. It's a dark day for education
Also vote against any of Trump's Supreme Court nominees!
Keep on voting against Trump's cabinet of clowns!
Thank you.  Unfortunately she made it in anyway.  What can be done to ensure our public schools aren't harmed.
keep up the great work!!
No, you did it because you Democrats are bought and paid for by the teachers unions
Thank you! Don't give up on us.
.@SenDuckworth thank you! It is such a shame that your Republican colleagues have put their wallets before their constituents. 
Thank you for fighting this so hard.
Thank you!
thank you for trying.
Thank you Senator.  Not going to give up.
Thank you! Now the momma grizzlies will come out to fight her every step of the way.
Thank you @SenDuckworth for your vote. Glad to know you are in the people's corner. Though we had a setback today, keep fighting.
Thank you for your no vote. Please keep fighting for what is right.
Thank you Tammy! It is beyond shocking how far Republicans have gone to dismiss credentials and basic logic! SO SAD!
NONE OF THEM QUALIFY 2 B AN  CONTROL OFCRTHEY DON'T KNOW 1ST THING ABT  OF COUNTRY #PowerAndProfit 
The actions of theDem s since 11/9, reflect your def. of qualified: disrespect4-Police,Traffic,Voters, ruleOfLaw! violent @GOP
thank you senator. I'm glad I voted for you.
Thanks for your work so far, Senator. Proud of my vote for you!
@bulldoghill thank you for your vote today. Sad that one of my senators sold out. But, I along with millions of Americans tnku
Bless you.  And thank you.
Thank you.
thank you !!! I am really worried 
Thank you so much! I appreciate all you do!
Thank you! Keep fighting for us! We appreciate it!
thank you
thank you!
Thank You!
. Thank you for putting country first. Too bad one more republican couldn't do the same.
thank you for voting against #DeVos-  glad that our senator stands up for our students
Thank YOU for fighting the good fight! Keep your stamina, we're counting on YOU! 
thank you!
Thank you ;-)
and your not qualified to be a Senator
Thank you for doing the right things!  We appreciate your support.
thank you!
Thank you!
thank u for doing your best, #senator.
Thank you!!!
thank you for standing up for public education unlike most of republicans
sure you spelled your last name right.
you are my representative. I voted for you and believe in you. Thank you for representing IL so well. Please keep fighting!
Thank you! Keep up the good work Senator!
Thank you.
She didn't care enough to prepare for her hearing. None of the questions were "gotcha" or tricky that she couldn't answer.
thank you Sen Duckworth
It's hard work, but must continue.Please vote NO on Jeff Sessions. And I'm really fine with blocking everything from Repubs.
thank you for your commitment to your constituents and all children. Let's keep up the fight! 
THANK YOU!!!
On behalf of my youngest kiddo with special needs and our entire family, thank you for trying.
thank you!
thank you Tammy
thank you for voting no against her
TY for trying.
Thank you Senator Duckworth
Thank you.
Thanks for doing the right thing, @SenDuckworth.
Thank you. I am so proud to have you as my representative.
very proud to hear your name and decision during today's session. Thank you for standing up for our children! #disability
THANK YOU!
Thank You!!!
You did right by your constituents, Senator Duckworth. Thank you.
Thank you, Senator for listening to your constituents!
thank you!
Can vouchers be voted down on a federal level?
Thank you for speaking up for our education system!
Thank you for voting No!
Thank you Senator!
what a nightmare. It was a good try though. Scary times. Thx u for your service.
Thank you!  Your hard work, and your service, are so appreciated.
you earn the votes of those who admire courage
thank you for trying. I will #remeberin2018
thank you sm for doing the right thing!!
Thank you for doing the right thing for your constituents, senator.
Thank you!
Thank you. Keep fighting for competence in government and keep those grizzly bears off your back.
thank you
thank you, Senator. Plz keep fighting the good fight.
Thank you. As a career teacher and one of your constituents, I am grateful for your leadership.
Thank you Senator for making this issue of competence and not party loyalty. Please work w/@SenatorDurbin to impress
on DeVos importance of public education and working with individuals w/more knowledge than her.
Thank-you for voting against DeVos. Please, please, please don't stop fighting for what's right!!
Thank You!!
thank you for your courage and leadership.  keep fighting...every.single.day.  the truth will come out.
Thank you.  You had my vote from the start and always will.
Thank you for your vote!
hooray!
thank you
thank you for listening to the people and voting on our behalf.
thank you 
I second that emotion.
Thank you for your vote, I'm proud of having voted for you.
Thank you for standing up with us. Please pass that on to the two Republican senators who voted No as well!
@MrJamesonNeat thank you Tammy
doesn't matter who's chosen in DC
thank you, i am proud to have voted for you to be my Senator
... Not only not qualified, but downright dangerous! THANK YOU TAMMY!! Keep being one of the leaders!!!
Thank you @SenDuckworth
As one who was always covered by the ADA and IDEA, thank you for voting the way you did Senator Duckworth.
Thank You once again for fighting for our country!
thank you. Too bad so many others couldn't vote with their conscience. This is a sad day
Thank you for representing us with your no vote. #resist
Kudos for voting your conscious & via your constituents.  Call her to the carpet daily w/each misstep she takes. #BlueAndProud
thanks TD you my girl
Thank you
@MrJamesonNeat thanks for trying .
Thank you, Senator. I'm grateful for your representation and your vote.
Thank you for your diligence in this matter.
Thank you!
thank you Senator!  Illinois is lucky to have you representing its people.
Thank you, Senator Duckworth.
Thank you for trying to prevent this. We stand with you to continue opposition to her destructive agenda.
thank you for putting up a good fight for our illinois children. Us in southern Illinois appreciate it. Madison Illinois
Thank you.
Thank you for trying. Keep fighting. This will be along, hard fight. We can do it.
Thank you, Senator Duckworth! Know your constituents appreciate your hard work and you have our support!
Nowhere NEAR qualified. Thank you, Senator!
Thank you! Good luck making friends across the aisle - we cannot continue to get steamrollered!
you tried.  The country lost.
thank you!
Thank you.
Thank you for your service.
Thank you!!!
thank you for standing up for kids with special needs like my amazing daughter
Thank you for your vote!
thank you for doing the right thing.
Thank You!
You are a credit to Illinois and I could not be happier that I voted for you.
I am afraid for this country, and I wasn't even born in it. I don't even have children. What are we becoming?
That is appreciated,  ma'am!  We must all keep fighting for what's right,  regardless of whoever is appointed now.  #RESIST
Thank you, Senator!
Thank You!!, but RUN IN 2020.
Thank you.....
