.@SenateDems are determined to pass the bipartisan #DreamAct so Dreamers can continue contributing to the country they love. 
I hope the Dreamers arr with a lady who thinks that she might be my
We love you both.
For what? It’s none of your business.
Embarrassed? Hey I love the two people one of which dedicated life to public Service and other a veteran not like you draft dodgers gop clowns.
Yep better than a pussy grabber and draft dodger
Senator Duck you have a lot of complaints about you not doing your intended job , Please stop your nonsense and do something meaningful!
Pretty sickening that u put ILLEGALS ahead of your AMERICAN country men. Your PAID to represent AMERICANS not illegals. It's your duty!
https://www.facebook.com/bigdaquangregory/posts/1165873386889490 …
The legal aliens are being told move over when does it stop when we're bankrupt# united we stand
The Democrat's need to come up with a plan of their own if you want to take some real policies into the next election. I don't see much now
Please let us know when you have some spare time to fight for us legal citizens and legal immigrants
https://twitter.com/gpantofles/status/913501245373022208 …
Please abolish #H1B work visa scam once you’re done fighting for #DREAMers.
Our country reward you you get food stamps general assistance housing school money Etc
It is the chain migration figures of this which are untenable. Close down all immigration until the denails match the dreamer numbers.

Senator We Are With You ROS
DUCK WHY ARE YOU ONLY FIGHTING FOR THE PEOPLE IN ILLINOIS? ARE YOU NOT A UNITED STATES  SENATOR?
OR ARE YOU PART OF THE SWAMP DYNASTY?
Senator Duck can you put the dreamers on hold for a few hours and concentrate on the American people HEALTH CARE BILL! WE HAVE NO INSURANCE.
No procrastination on part of these Libs....many  Dem votes weighing in the balance for future elections!
Oh wait a minute I know why the Democrats want them in here.    Votes got it # united we stand
I know that smug look, believe me

I wish you would woory about the citizens of your state first. To much to ask?
I am proud to have voted for you.
Liberals care more about illegals than citizens
Other countries punish you for illegally entering in countries
Again, you abandoned the Veterans and your promise that helped you get elected! Sell out!
Thank you for your hard work and your service to our country. Your leadership has been a great comfort during this attack on our values.
trolls

Ба́ры деру́тся -- у холо́пов чубы́ треща́т. За сбычу мечт!
Durbin needs to go. He's another career politician who has ruined our state. And you will need to go also if you don't do something positive
Illegal immigrants cost America 135 billion per yr. Deportation is cheaper, America gets a pay raise without any legislation. Follow the law
Just what are you fighting against?  trump wants this as a matter of law!  dO Your damn job!
How about fighting for USA citizens and there kids dreams ?Wish the Democrats fought this hard when Obama fcked healthcare
Every kid can make their own choices to pursue their dreams. Also parents must encourage children to work hard in order to make it in this world just like DACA parents have told millions of times to their kids. Why do you think DACA are in a lot of colleges,workplaces. #hardwork
Of coarse they care more about illegals then inner cities
I wish you would fight for Military Surviving Spouses. We have given more to freedom than most ever will, our spouses.
Dreamers are our nightmare
Thank goodness you have time to fight for people who refuse to become citizens. Your constituents finally know what you do in DC #nothing
Since you people want One World Government, no surprise that you vote against America! Nothing new here!
Really, bipartisan, with Republicans!! All I hear from Dems is anti-Trump anything

You just want 3 million new voters, you all could care less about these people.
The kids from inner city Chicago who experience poverty and murder daily have dreams to.  Lets start with them Ducky

These sanctuary States breed crime, disrespect for AMERICA and give entitlements to illegal aliens , how about standing up for AMERICANS ?
Moochea go home
But of course you don't give a damn about my #Dreamers Tammy & Dick, because you are only interested in your own political power
https://twitter.com/gpantofles/status/913501245373022208 …
Deport all illegal aliens
DACA We Wait With Them ROS
Que? Mirra Los Dreamers.
Dreamers are a nughtmare
Bless you
I hope you both work as hard to bring tax relief, and create jobs for US citizens as you do for illegal immigrants.
https://twitter.com/gpantofles/status/913501245373022208 …
Y'all going to patrol the streets and stop all the murders
DACA  children are ANTIFA rioters they love America the way the Left loves Corporations
Send them back  and build the wall higher. No voter fraud needed
https://twitter.com/gpantofles/status/913501245373022208 …
Thank you, @SenDuckworth, @SenatorDurbin, & @SenateDems!
https://medium.com/@Sea500WomenSci/congress-pass-bi-partisan-immigration-reform-and-protect-daca-recipients-95e09bb7d39b …. Thank you Senator!
Daca go home  your  nightmares  to my wallet
