BREAKING: President Trump grants pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona.
In the wake of #Charlottesville, Pres. Trump keeps sending the wrong message&is abandoning his responsibility to unite our divided country.
Senator, tell ur supporters; Trump supporters sign their names in the front of checks, while Obamas supporters sign their names on back!
Hey Lorenzo @Latinos4Trump16 u must b an illegal! America best country in the world, Senator knows it, she's been around! U s/kiss ground!
Welcome home guy.. u have not a profile, make one.. as I said balance values.. u might fall on the right side! @US_Veterans
Lorenzo we both Love America. God bless
Tammy why not call @realDonaldTrump what you and most of us know he is - a racist Nazi loving kkk supporting Con and Russian Asset -Unfit
Hey Hali, where did u spend ur Peace Corps time? Libs could spin but there's proof @POTUS on tv/video 4 the last 30yrs he's not racist! Wtf
Kenya. Yes your President is a self serving coward and racist. Both of these qualities go together.
Kenya-Wow, u s/have stayed there! Young uninformed warped mind needs 2 b educated w/facts! Ur lib/Soc professors must have giving u all A's!
Vet - Serving your country means you  continue  to serve:THINK independently - Not just Watching TV -READ broadly.Parroting Fox is Useless
retired CFO, speak 4 languages, served Vietnam 49yrs ago combat Vet.1st voted 1964.. I've seen it all, nothing 2do @FoxNews
Thank you for your service. Most Trump followers spew Fox or Rush or Jones or .et al. Rare to hear an original or credibly sourced thought.
serving in JFK Peace Corps is an honor. 68-70 while I served in army/Vietnam my brother-in-law served in PC Iran.
Illegals are not innocent. They have broken our laws.
I thought citizens had civil rights, not illegals.  Hmmm
Keep speaking up for what's right, senator!  We need reason!!!
Like I said, Illinois is bankrupt due 2 Lib/Socialists politicians.. Chicago murder capital. Get informed since u still can! Thank Hod 4 DJT
Someone who uses the tools of government to take down his political opponents denying due process like a jury?
If he pardons criminals that do things he wants but courts deem illegal, there is no judicial branch of government. This is a power grab.
It's also the responsibility for every citizen to be informed! U libbers don't know crap. @US_Veterans
Kindred spirits, amoral monsters both. What Arpaio did to Arizona, Trump is doing to the USA.
Read ur profile Jack, very good, but ur mind must b warped @ uninformed. Arpaio followed immigration laws, BarryBHO did. It! @US_Veterans
@SenDuckworth how many lives were saved?  How many crimes prevented by the work of sheriff joe?  Stop the propaganda.
Arpaio followed immigration laws established by Congress years ago.. but 4 eight years BarryBHO  did not follow anything.. liar, race bater!
I moved away from IL in 2007. My mom, siblings, and my son live there. I appreciate you watching over them and all of us. You inspire me!
U were smart by moving away.. Illinois in debt billions $$ Chicago murder capital, blacks murdering blacks! Badly governed by libbers 4yrs!
We fought 4 our America.. u were saved by who cares-love it. I've been around. Lib Illinois is super broke. Arpaio followed laws BHO didn't!
Especially by a President who should never be president in the first place!
@AP Obama pardoned a terrorist & a traitor gitmo details & criminals! All ok with you I take it.
Oh hush.
Dispicable, but then we don't actually have a president.
Illegal alien CRIMINALS are NOT "innocents," neither are they entitled to 4th Amendment rights, like citizens.
Amen!
Sherrif Joe definitely deserved to be pardoned for all his hard work throughout his lifetime. On the other hand you need to find another job
When did we become a country that celebrates concentration camps
Tammy, are you referring to someone who enforces the law?
Let's look at who OBAMA pardoned..Chelsea Manning.traitor to our country..how come you didn't rebuke him? You are a Hypocrite and need to GO
Someone who uses the tools of government to discriminate against innocents & deny civil rights does not deserve to be @POTUS. #ImpeachTrump
Neither does Trump. http://Impeach.Now .
But a terrorist  and a traitor do?? That's  who Obama pardoned
your verbs are weak---
Thank you for speaking out senator. When can we impeach?
And someone who directly or indirectly worked with Russia to steal an election doesn't deserve to give pardons or be president. We're angry
Can anyone do anything about it? Or we all just whining on Twitter til his next dick move next week and the next week and the next?
How is it possible that Reps.are not doing anything to stop this maniac.What's it going to take for them to step up and look after the US
Someone who allows a pardon to someone else who denies civil rights to anyone, does not deserve to be President.
And that applies to Arpaio, as well. 
None were innocent nor denied civil rights. Unless you are talking about the IRS, Obamaguy and Lerner.
At first I thought you were referring to Trump.   But  yes.  Arpaio too.  Couldn't agree more
Someone who uses the tools of govt to pardon an abuser of said power doesn't deserve to be president. That works both ways.
Absolutely correct. DJT should be ashamed of himself. Can't believe even his family agrees with the pardon.
Nor does the guy who granted it belong ion the WH.
So when are you all going to take a hard stance, and no more measly statements.
But FALN operative who did 130 bombings pardoned by OBAMA is. Or 16 FALN members, killers, pardoned by Bill Clinton. Save the B.S.
Except that's exactly WHY he got the pardon. DT sees nothing wrong in doing any of that.
Were you equally appauled when Obama was pardoning traitors, killers and terrorists?
Trump will probably nominate him for the new Homeland Security Secretary. Birds of a feather ...
.
Same can be said against all @ABAesq members bloodlines that, lynched Slaves.
.
US Pres. can pardon whomever at will
.
This is the man trump called "a worthy candidate for presidential pardon"
really? #JoeArpaio was #enforcing the #Law. He did nothing wrong. But you love to #embrace breaking the law. Will you let me not pay #taxes?
#ITMFA #ITMFA #ITMFA #ITMFA
Oh, c'mon Tammy. Be a soldier and not a hack
Illegal aliens are not innocents, crossing the border w/o legal docs is illegal. strike 1.
Arpaio is the innocent.
Innocents?  Deny civil rights?  You forget they BROKE the law coming, and staying here!
Innocents? They broke the law Senator, He was denied his right to Trial by his peers. MAGA!
@AP disgusting!!
You are a GREAT AMERICAN Senator.
Sadly, there's precedence for just that.
True.  Neither does leader of group that carried out 120 bombings.  What did you have to say about that, Senator?
Thank you, Senator. For all you have done and all you continue to do
A president who disrespects the rule of law violates the public trust and is worthy of impeachment.
Where's your condemnation of Obama, huh?

You swing punches in only one direction, and your HYPOCRISY is obvious.

#ImpeachDuckworth
Hey Tammy, someone who betrays their country and releases classified info. does not deserve a Presidential pardon!

Like Bradley Manning!
What about someone that murdered a police officer and was a part of a terror group? Or someone that published classified state documents?
Or to be in the position to give one.
Thank you, senator Duckworth for speaking out!
Or to be president.
Yep.  So what is Congress going to do about it.  It's time for actions not words.  #25thAmendmentNow  #ImpeachTrumpNow
That's how we the citizens of Chicago feel about our state becoming a sanctuary state for your illegals. I guess u and your Dems need votes.
The only good thing is that by accepting the pardon, he admits guilt, which opens him up to a hurricane of civil suits.
You mean  the IRS targeting conservatives?  Maybe all the  unmasking?  Possibly talking about surveillance of journalists? Just What Tammy?
@realDonaldTrump who has used the powers of his office to support racism and subvert the rule of law does not deserve to be president.
Well, this isn't a "presidential" president
They should remove that dirty old fart of Trump 
Do the "tools of government" include leveraging the IRS and NSA against American citizens?

Asking for a friend.
This may have hour answer.
Q: Are sanctuary cities in violation of existing federal criminal code against knowingly harboring illegal aliens?
Q: Were Kate Steinle's "civil rights" violated when San Francisco's gov't released a 7-time felon, 5-time deportee with a detainer order?
Don't sanctuary cities use "the tools of government to discriminate against innocent" taxpayers, who are expected to foot the bill?
Right, so Hillary should be rotting in a jail cell from what she pulled with Benghazi then
#ImpeachTrump
Birthers of a feather... stick together....
What are you going to DO about it?
God bless you president Trump you are constantly making America great again
A DISGRACE TO THE OFFICE AND COUNTRY
Someone who does that also doesn't deserve to be President.
I was forced into early retirement by Democratic policies. I have lots of time to support whoever runs against you in the next election.
Senator Duckworth What are you and congress going to do about it? Tweeting you're feelings doesn't help the American people.
They don't deserve to be president either :/
Man you libs turn my stomach
Non citizens don't get civil rights here - they get to go back home for free though!
Are u talking abt Obama? IRS scandal? Unmasking scandal? or a 23 yr veteran sheriff guilty of criminal contempt charges? Yr hatred blinds u
Does Article 2, Section 2 only apply to Democrats in the White House?
I assume you are talking about Obama and Hillary.
All the People can do at this pt is make noise. Ending Trump nightmare is in the hands of a small group. You are among them. You must act.
HYPOCRITE. WHERE WAS YOUR OUTRAGE OVER OBUMMER PARDONS OF HUNDREDS OF ACTUAL CRIMINALS. HYPOCRITE HYPOCRITE HYPOCRITE
People who cross illegally and cut in line in front of other people doing it the right way are not innocent. That is Selfish! Self Centered!
Tammy shut up! Your a fake!
Senator Duckworth, you the real MVP
But @SenateDems @SenateGOP do NOTHING! @POTUS spreads chaos, hate, bigotry - dividing our country/Americans; jeopardizing national security!
We deserve Trutall we do is wine to each other 
I spent my night tweeting the GOP and the S&P 500 Companies 
TELL THEM NOT EACH OTHER
We all have to remember that we have a morally bankrupt POTUS.
the problem with the left is the way you define innocents. is antifa innocent? are illegal immigrants innocent? is menendez innocent?
Nazis protecting Nazis.
POS Arpaio is no different then the Klan or the Nazis and neither if Trump.
#TrumpTreason #GOPTreason
Except civil rights of America don't apply to those here illegally
Actually they do. They have the same basic rights as anyone. Those were laid out by humanity. Not origin or race.
and.. its the law.
Marc Rich? Where was the outrage.
Please openly advocate for Trump's impeachment!
You mean someone who enforces our immigration laws?  When radical courts don't want them to?
You were silent when #LoisLerner & @SenatorDurbin conspired to use the #IRS to discreminate against conservative groups. Why?
Yet you were silent when @POTUS44 pardoned Oscar Rivera Lopez. Why?
I see your effective leadership is making a huge difference in Illinois.
Wait you just described the OKLAHOMA CITY VAMC staff killing them off faster for money saving and bonuses
Trump is greasing the skids so that pardons for his family and associates won't seem 'out of the ordinary'. Watch this space...
That might come back to haunt him.  Once they are pardoned, they lose their 5th amendment rights and would have to testify against him.
LIKE ALL OF THE MSM & DNC ELITISTS DO...
You are such a hypocrite
nor to be President.
#EnemiesWithin (Start 1:26) #AwanBrothers #AwanGate
Don't Dare Question MB ties! #Pelosi  #AndreCarson #FBI
12 years of Intel access...but 5 days after US Navy Seal SCPO Owens was KIA in Yemen #AwanBrothers were removed by Capital Police???
Perhaps you should research Sheriff Joe....he was doing the job we entrusted him with! Trying to uphold our laws in spite of idiot obummer!!

Do you mean things like having the irs target conservative groups allowing massive illegal immigrants sanctuary
Senator, ACTION MUST BE TAKEN NOW!! 
CHICAGO 
Righton you must be talking about obama
With Trump, "deserve" was never in question. Arpaia supported him and his agenda. That's all that mattered.
Duckworth/Franken for president 2020!

Complete hypocrites #Trumpwins4usa 
Spare me your Fake Outrage on Illegals
Prayers answered  @RealSheriffJoe pardoned by @POTUS 

Well deserved after unfairly targeted for enforcing the…
How dare you judge?
Please. Pres Obama pardoned convicted traitor Chelsey "Brad" Manning and convicted drug dealers. Help Illinois fix Chicago & East St Louis.
2018 coming and lots of seats up for grabs on the red side, no not the Russian side, the Republican side.
No kidding. But who will actually do anything about it? Congress has no spine. Greedy old scared white men with their lips stuck to 45's ass
Speak for Illinois. For someone who's Chicago streets are literally "murders role" it's strange you have the time to judge the Sheriff.
Tammy:. You were my hero until you got involved in politics.  Now you've changed. You no longer have a mind of your own. You let us down.
Sheriff Joe was denied a trial by jury multiple times which was his right. Corruption going on in the courts. President did the right thing.
Amen! Totally agree.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=diYlHI8Ghkg …  You've Got To Be Carefully Taught 
I hope you were just as upset when Manning's sentenced was commuted.
But the good ole boy club can do what it wants...even use private servers.(chaffetts, gowdy) #viagraboys
We the people approve of pardoning Sheriff Joe who was merely a victim of soon to be purged Obama holdover judges #DEPORT illegal aliens NOW
This was only a test.  Next he will pardon himself.
Uhm, you are not that bright, are you?  Poor thing
Horrible for our once great country
Great job @realDonaldTrump
Remember when Bill Clinton had #Pardongate giving FALN TERRORIST clemency that never asked for it, pardons for cash & votes 4 HRC Senate run
He is destroying this nation and the GOP are empowering it
This county was dividing before this @POTUS Potusthanks to Obama criminals over cops, terrorist over America illegals over veterans
More double std, hypocritical rhetoric. U & Divider Dick keep digging the hole for Dems. What did ya think when Obama released terrorists?
Dude in NY that was vip in that parade
Enforcing Federal, Constitutional law, our highest law is not wrong in any true American's mind!
Haha what about that tranny getting out of prison only to have army pay so he could get his sex change http://opp.How  about the
Were you equally offended by Obama pardoning and vomiting sentences for traitors convicted of Treason?
stop putting cart before the horse. laws were broken when illegals crossed the border.
Donald broke laws the second he took office.  #resist
Oh that is a typical intelligent liberal college educated response, you get a gold star
He wants to weaken the country to grab more power. This country is playing with historical fire.
Hmmmm more like treasonous TRUMP ADMINISTRATION!!
Correct, Trump cannot pardon himself.
Well there isn't any need now, is there?  Silly goose
Unless you risked YOUR life AND lost limbs (plural) serving this country, you don't get to insult anyone, of ANY political/ideological bent.
1,927 individuals convicted of federal crimes. Do you research and you love obama y he released killers muslims in the us omg
So true
So you are against  with pardoning anybodythe IRS targeting conservarives?
What aboutism. Following Putin's playbook, Comrade?
I don't know, what about it?
#Dumbshit
Ohhh, well, you got me now!
You are wrong. He upheld the law. Obama/Holder interfered
Deserve IMPEACHMENT URGENT for this terrorists of Supremacism Nazism!
Yep, you still believing everything the media is putting out. Didn't learn when HRC lost, did yah?
CORECT
Colace? Or corect?  I think both treat GI issues?
Than act against pardon.
Hey Tammy, there is a national emergency. Hurricane. I'm worried abt family there. Give the trump hate a rest. Sick of it.
Sounds exactly like Trump won't get one either based on those criteria.
I didn't see you complaining when obama pardoned terrorists.
Thank you @realDonaldTrump for pardoning the great Sheriff Joe Arpaio! #MAGA #USA #LiberalsWhining 

https://youtu.be/G8xAdPQuyPo  why did BLM and KKK get dropped off same buses bumper to bumper but no riots until protest started?
Neither do traitors who leak classified info but Manning got pardoned too.  Don't know what ur stance on that was.
As defined by whom?
HE SHOULD HAVE NEVER BECAME PRESIDENT IN THE FIRST PLACE,HE WAS TOTALLY UNQUALIFIED TO HANDLE SUCH A POSITION .
Or to be President.
When is Trump going to be impeached? He's unfit for office and his family is draining the tax payers and government dry. He's getting rich
Innocents??? LMAO!
But pardoning Chelsea Manning was ok? Dems are whack jobs
#ImpeachTrump
#SueArpaio
so who can reverse tbis or stop him from doing as he pleases? Evetyone in powet seems petrified of d big boss
Trump was voted in fair and square.  Get on board or get out. Tired of you liberal crybabies
So when obama used the irs to pressure polotical opponents that was ok?
At first I totally thought you were talking about @realDonaldTrump
LtCol Duckworth, please consider running in 2020. Your integrity, honesty and cool headed leadership is what our country needs!
They weren't innocents. He arrested many, many illegal aliens by enforcing federal law. Obamas open borders killed innocents all for votes!
Right on Senator Duckworth- I so admire your refreshing candor!!
He was convicted of obstruction right? What can anyone complaining about the pardon tell me about bleachbit?
Obama pardoned a filthy traitor Bradley manning.
True.. yet anything Trump does is meet with foaming at the mouth anger
We have immigration laws ro protect this country from ILLEGALS coming into our country, why don't you Senators want to enforce them?
You're suppose to be a Senator and you don't know that ILLEGALS have no rights under our constitution? What College did you go to? Berkley?
When u obey the law as the sheriff did it is very unpopular these days. Supporting illegal citizens is more rewarding.
Thank you for speaking out for us. You honor the office!!
you are fake fake fake and have no backbone
We're breaking here.
