Drown McConnell in Amendments and #HoldTheFloor
40 thousand amendments should keep them busy until the midterms.
What about those vets that are homeless and jobless no one wants to help 
Who doesn't want to help them (Beside the GOP?)
Vets are nothing but props for the right.  Shameful what they are doing! William send them to fight but not take care of them after
Wow... just wow...
You might not remember me, you helped me with the VA. How can I help you. I could be a voice to speak out for veterans rights.
Repubs love to send people off to war but turn their backs on t hem when they get back!
Who objected???
F N @SenateMajLdr
Ask McConnell how much his wife's family stands to gain from "infrastructure" investment. Chao's brother-in-law is on the Blackstone board.
All RT this.
I just can't wait to see this bill it's got to be a steaming pile of horseshit!
Thank you Tammy!!!
I want to thank you for holding your ground! Not all Vets vote against their best interests. 
#Resist 
#VetsAgainstTrump
Of course they do GOP does not care about anyone not Vets not woman not people who dont look or think like them are have big money #ttwsyf
Exactly where do you stand? For, or against, Veterans?
@SenTedCruz @RogerWilliamsTX @JohnCornyn
Simply disgraceful, @SenateMajLdr. Hopefully, @senrobportman has more decency, integrity, and compassion than to vote in favor of this bill.
Don't count on it they're all evil bastards
This is how they support our veterans! There are no words for their lack of caring. They have no shame. They are soulless.
Bingo sold it
and your source?
I see nothing about Sen Duckworth giving out bonuses or being okay with vets dying, so what are you getting at?
Already posted the video of her speaking out about the VA.
Thank you @SenDuckworth
Un-fucking real. I just do not get why Veteran's vote GOP
Certain amount of brainwashing I suppose
A whole bunch of folks are behind you, Senator. Stay the course with Sen Schumer, keep fighting & we'll #NeuterTrump2018.
They don't care about us Vets!!! The GOP loves to send us to war but hate taking care of us afterwards
@LilacsxGirl @SenDuckworth @InSpiteOfTrump @SenateGOP TY for serving, Liz
Vote them out.
Yes .. and also that people with preexisting conditions don't need to choose between bankruptcy and care!
Please fight for all of us Tammy Duckworth!
All veterans must help her fight it's not her fight alone
@RodneyDavis sure wish you were as brave and kind as our senator.

 “gop Kills More #Veterans Than They Kill Terrorists” by @Pamela_O_Plays
They want EVERYONE but the RICH to die. "Prosperity Bible" bullcrap says if you are not rich you are UNGODLY! #Vile
and the rest of us....
Senate GOP exposed itself as traitors
I have had ENOUGH of this freaking GOP bill..!  #ACA #AHCA #AHCAKills #SaveMedicaid #Healthcare #VoteThemOut
This is absolutely insane.
McCONNELL WILL NOT ENSURE HEALTH COVERAGE FOR VETS IN AHCA is a headline that media should b running. Is it happening? And if not, why not?
How can any member of the @GOP object to a guarantee to protect our #veterans? That's sick
Because veterans keep voting for them.
How many veterans voted for Trump?
Way to support the troops, @SenateGOP. Always knew you had vets' best interests at heart. Not.
#HoldTheFloor Senator - All your constituents need you to be strong. No Senate business without hearings on AHCA!
More deeper cuts in Bill my wife gets paid to take care of our son so much for taking care of my family after 20+ yrs to this country
I read @SenDuckworth's tweet hours ago, & I am still stewing at the utter lack of respect with which @SenateMajLdr addressed her
Keep up the pressure.  Good job Congresswoman Duckworth.
TAMMY is an amazing lady! ...You go girl!
Keep it up @SenDuckworth I'm glad to see you're getting your time speak.

The @GOP are traitors for passing this tax cut off as healthcare.
Well Trump blocked teeets fro Vets.   Good luck listening to his lies.
How are they going to deal with the extra violence from people being off their meds when #AHCA won't cover them or they can't afford it?
Any vets in KS? @SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran
Thank you @SenDuckworth and shame on you @SenateGOP #ProtectOurCare
Tonight, I called on my Republican colleagues to ensure #Trumpcare won’t cause a single Vet to lose their health care—& @SenateGOP objected 
Its @SenateMajLdr every time objecting. Legislative terrorism. History is going to roast you, buddy.
Thank you, Tammy.  So proud that you are my senator.  Make sure that all vets know this.
Sad that the GOP talks about providing for Vets but "OBJECTS" to insuring those same Veterans continue to be covered by Trumpcare #resist
@oufenix cutting Medicade will mean thousands of Veterans WILL be will lose their healthcare
Senator Duckworth, please keep going after those cruel fools @GOP. Hold their feet to the fire.
Thanks @SenDuckworth for doing all you can to stop the @senGOP from distroying America 1 illness at a time
This is mind-boggling. I don't understand what our country is going through and why if we have a 2 party government, it's not working.
Montgomery County, TX thanks you for fighting for our healthcare!
Thank you for standing up for veterans. This will not go unnoticed & the GOP will be reminded of this come election time.
How many #GOP objectors served in the military & need health care for the rest of their lives? Not many. Leave VA health care alone @GOP!
Tammy I am ashamed you represent Illinois. It should be a no brained to make sure our Vets get the best healthcare.
I remember the flag-waving-support-the- troops" frenzy after 9/11. Then this...Makes me want to vomit. Please don't stop fighting. #resist
@alt_noods @SenateGOP how about assuring NOBODY loses health care? your constituency does not consist of only veterans
Especially TedCruz.
Did you make the same demand of Obamacare? Republicans can insure or guarantee anything in regards to a bill or legislation.
Can't insure.
What did you really think?  Military is part of the workin class. They give 2 shits for the working class.
That's because @SenateGOP are slime.
this is why I don't support Republicans.  They will send troops off to war but ignore the Vet.
Let it be said again, loudly! REPUBLICANS DON'T GIVE A F*CK ABOUT VETERANS!!
God bless you Senator Duckworth! #Trumpcare will damage our economy and kill citizens who lose their healthcare due 2 heartless republicans!
I have to ask you what r vets doing on medicaid and not a veteran program
Thank you for your service. I am disgusted by the entirety of the republican party.
@GOP couldn't make it more clear they don't give a damn about #Veterans .
Thank you, @SenDuckworth! Just called your office and great to hear the lines are buzzy.
Good luck with that Tammy ... How many of you R colleagues actually served in the military?  How many of your R colleagues support our vets?
#Trumpcare is #Nocare
Shameful from GOP
Did you really think they would listen to a woman? They are members of the "GOOD OL' BOY" club! Girls not allowed! Boys, yuck!
The people of our state have the right to be represented in the healthcare debate. I want you and @SenatorDurbin to demand it!!!!
Thank you Sen. Duckworth. Repub. stand for the wealthy. They don't care about our vets. This mean spirited legislation will hurt millions.
Thank you, @SenDuckworth , for working for the common good and caring about the people you represent.
How naive,thinking that any of those people care about veterans. Now deferments for healthy rich folks tney care about.
Thank you for fighting for us.
Who objected?
It sounded like @SenateMajLdr #shameful #SupportOurVets
UGH
Thank you for the work of resistance you are doing.
"Let it be on the record, then, that the GOP objects to the idea of protecting Veterans' health care."
The truth is out now and they own it.
Asking quite a lot aren't you?
Unbelievable!!!
Trump is obviously breaking a campaign promise to take care of the veterans!
I see the fact Vets are losing insurance almost weekly under the ACA and insurers fleeing doesn't bother you one bit, why is that?
Thank you,  Senator Duckworth!
Trump supporters are defending it without knowing what in it.
Thank you Senator Duckworth for fighting for my family. My husband is a disabled vet and it terrifies me to think of us losing our coverage
I hope no American will lose their healthcare
Objection to that request is un-American. Removing affordable healthcare from 23 million Americans is also un-American. Trash the bill.
Unbelievable.......sad
25 percent voted for Trump no representing other 75
Gop out for their self
who the hell objected to protecting our veterans?
Our vets and our children and our disabled and our sick and our working men and women  and our elderly. Healthcare is a right!
Turtleman McConnell is a coward
how the hell can NE1 object 2 what's just been said? If asked shld WE disregard & abandon vets the guy wld say yes?
@IronStache you and @SenDuckworth would make tsunamis in Congress
Thank you for your efforts in standing up for America's Healthcare.  We are all worried!
#HoldTheFloor
#TrumpCare Wow, that's great...and everyone else can go fuck themselves... (Subtext to that particular Headline Grabber.) #Trumpcare
That sounded like McConnell. Was that him objecting?
You are doing everything  you can and we appreciate your heart felt dedication to vets and to all Americans. Thank you senator
I need help with my healthcare
Can't get much clearer that the @SenateGOP doesn't care about vets, unless they're voting for them. Then they continue not to care once more
Time to Withhold Consent and shut the Senate Down. Shut it all down
ACHA is a Murderous construct, only ensures physical & mental suffering, pain & lose of dignity with the ultimate goal of despair & demise.
How nice for Vets, truly happy about that. But what about the rest of us Senator?
@LynneMPatriot they won't
It should be a crime what the GOP is doing to America. McConnell is a cold blooded SOB and he is GREEDY
Hear it with your own ears. @SenateMajLdr McConnell objected to veterans retaining healthcare coverage.
No Trumpcare no no no no no
Can't believe what they're doing. Don't let them get away with it. 
@votevets see above
The good part of this is McConnell true colors show darker with all objections!
It's time for the GOP to pay more than just lip service to "we support our troops."
.@SenDuckworth-- thank you for standing up to Rep callousness!
TY Sen. Duckworth  for  your svc to the country. @SenateGOP is a national embarrassment like @realDonaldTrump
@SenateMajLdr is all about himself and the insurance industry and Big Pharma that finance him and his campaigns! Not Veterans or WV!   SAD!
Tonight, I'm embarrassed to be American. We're so much better than this!
and I see PHONY JONI in the chair spitting on Veterans!
That was heartbreaking.  I'm sharing this video far and wide.  ⚘
They really are pigs at the trough, lining their own pockets and those of their cronies.
Thank you for standing up for our Vets.
I want @SenToomey to explain to PA constituents and his @SenateDems colleagues why he supports this secrecy.  19047

.
Apparently, the @GOP has become the heartless party. Continue the good work, Senator Duckworth.
.
It's wild to me that Senator Joni (Army veteran) Ernst doesn't seem to reasonate with a word Senator Duckworth said. smh
She is from Iowa. That hateful & racist King is from there too.
As a veteran, I'd like to give a big to whomever "objected" to this logical amendment.
@cindycrum @SenateGOP was that the gutless turtle faced Mitch McConnell objecting. Satan is collecting souls in the Senate.
23 million ppl will all lose health care 
GOP wants to replace it with #killamrricanhealthbill
I applaud your fight, spirit and service. I would also like this sentiment to apply to all citizens and not just service members. Thank you.

Healthcare bill being written behind closed doors? Whitehouse no longer airing daily press briefings? We deserve transparency! #VoteDemocrat
I'd love to know who objected to health care for our brave Veterans.
How are these inhumane Republicans getting away with all this crap they are doing to take away healthcare from millions.... Disgusting
Scumbags.  They need to be on the same plan.  WTF!!
That's great Tammy, but what about those with pre xisting conditions? we're ALL Americans here ...
They're despicable.
But it will Tammy, but it will.
We have got to get these inveterate corporate slave Republicans, like @SenateMajLdr, out of office.  They are fossils.  Time to go.  #Resist
Thank you Senator both for your military service and for your government service.
sincere salute. Thank you for continuing to look out for all U.S. Warrior brothers/sisters/NOK
please #HoldTheFloor and call for bipartisan support to uphold the ACA.  #Trumpcare fails the American people.
And objecting was.... you got it! McConnell.
McConnell has no legitimate reason to be in Congress. His marriage & power are fishy AF
Please Vets see that @GOP nor  @POTUS care about you, after all you have done for us! Thanks to all that have served the US, many do care
GOP is absolutely disgraceful to object to this! Keep fighting for all vets!!
Keep fighting for Americans. Thank you
Next time ask for point of order, Who objected?  Then ask for their name. so the person with the gavel says it for the record.
I was thinking the same thing.
Amend repeat amend repeat...
Thank you for fighting the good fight.
If you don't care for Vets who is going to fight for you?
https://twitter.com/ex67t20/status/856727434162470912 … Ask Mitch if the $900K to Sen Leadership Fund and Team Ryan fm Gorsuch lobbyist Philip Anschutz held Garland's seat.
@KatCapps @SenateGOP disgraceful what in the world please share this tweet
You're a woman! How dare you challenge the GOP on anything. Or speak without being invited to!
She resisted..the urge to throw a shoe at Mitch McConnell.  
Wow.
@Kbrooks2080 @SenateGOP will they let you read it so you know how they are going to lose health care?
@repkinzinger, your vote on #TrumpCare may throw your fellow vets under the . I hope @SenDuckworth has the chutzpah to #WITHHOLDCONSENT
If they're restructuring healthcare terminology there's no choice but to object.
Thank you for speaking out!  And shame on the @SenateGOP #WITHHOLDCONSENT
It's time for @SenSchumer to lead the Dems to WITHHOLD CONSENT and FILIBUSTER BY AMENDMENTS! @IndivisibleChi @SenatorDurbin @IndivisibleIL
Im sorry for my Father. He is a vet His treatment has been at best a "D". I see now it WILL only get worse. donald you f#cking Liar!!! BIGLY
Of course I'm sure they gave you their assurances...
Good for you, Senator. Shame on your colleagues. That's pathetic.
Thank you for your work. Is there anything else we citizens of IL can do to support you and stop this ridiculous GOP plan?
Protest, march, keep tweeting, tag @SenateGOP in your tweets, vote, drive other voters (e.g. elderly) to the polls in 2018, donate, pray.
Thank you senator Duckworth
Thank you, ma'am. Shame on @GOP
From a fellow female officer (ret), thank you for standing up for us. We need courageous people on the hill.
McConnell is a power glutton slob!
She was warned yet she persisted.  @SenateMajLdr senatemaj @SenWarren
Thank you,@SenDuckworth. And shame on ALL of you,@SenateGOP. You are making it so obvious that u don't care about veterans or any Americans.
What does one have to do with the other?
It should be calling on them to ensure no Veteran nor American loses health care.
Thank you! But what about the rest of us??? 
Go get 'em Tammy !
: Glad u r fighting for vets! let all Illinoisans know Democrats have their back! Say no way to #trumpcare! #illinois
.@votevets McConnell objected to Tammy Duckworth that Senate #AHCA does NOT take healthcare away from vet. Republicans don't support vets!
