Why is this bill done in secret? Because it harms the people the #GOP took an oath to protect. If it benefited you, they'd make it public.
Did you mean Liberals passing Obamacare without reading it and done in Christmas Eve?
No. I didn't.
Well, you should.
No I shouldn't.
Imagine what you can do if you join with the Republican women of the Senate to take back the conversation.
Wait... arent the #GOPwomen voting for Trump Care?
I have epilepsy. Insurance not covering preexisting conditions is catastrophic. Meds$$$$$$. W/o meds I may seize &????
GOP are you going to let people die in the strts w your despicable health care bill. Are you going to let US die for you're greedy agenda!
GOP doesn't care. AHCA is not a healthcare bill. It is a cherry tax cut for top 1% poorly disguised as a healthcare plan
You guy's hid obamacare got to pass it to know what's in it #crybaby's
Why don't you play videos of people speaking about their premiums tripling?
Since all agree ACA horrific why Dems obstructionists?
No Hearing-NO BILL
If the Republicans trn their backs on Americans in need of health care,every person who dies,will haunt them till they r all deadpure evil
The American people will destroy the Democratic Part's crazy and unpatriotic ideology with Trump's help. Stay tuned!
Let be clear union workers got waivers soon expire. ACA horrific means my deductible goes now from 1200k to 10k! Get rid of ACA
Would your advice to GOP be to listen to Pelosi and pass it so you can see what's in it then??
#AmericaSpeaksOut  #speakout #SpeakUp #Beheard #yourvoice #yourfuture 
#Resist #TrumpCare  
#TrumpCareKills  
#iamapreexistingcondition
HEY DEMOCRATS, 
WAKE UP!  SPEAK UP DAILY. 
GOP IS PURE EVIL,  REMEMBER LAST 8 YRS! 
U BETTER GO FULL MCCONNELL ON OPPOSITION EVERY DAY!

Thxs, good info!
Don't forget! Dems hid Obamacare until it was passed. And that caused problems for millions of Americans! Hurt far more than it helped.
McConnell is as big of an enemy of the state as many of our adversaries in world. HE needs to be removed from office for good of our country
SO WHAT IS IT GOING TO BE? @SenCapito @senrobportman @SenJohnMcCain #GOPDeathPanels - kill Americans to give tax breaks to BILLIONAIRES!!
What's sad is that we even have to talk about it. Europeons can't understand why we think everyone having healthcare is bad. #Trumpcare
America does not know what the bill means for them because the bill is not complete how dorky and unintelligent u r
My daughter who suffers from mental illnesses wouldn't be able to get treatment if not for the Medicaid expansion! #HoldTheFloor
Please put forth your own ideas for improving health care as well!
My pre-existing conditions include asthma and epilepsy. No coverage? How can I afford meds and medical care? Simple. I can't.
If you have to keep the bill secret, maybe you shouldn't be doing the bill.
@little__leah silly u. They are not hiding it. They want the kids to stay in the other room
LOL the kids? I hope your "adults" enjoy losing their seats in 2018. Enjoy while you can...
we haven't yet 
U mean the same way Democrats did with OBAMACARE? Like your leader PELOSI said, I QUOTE, " We have to pass it so we will know what it says"
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski #breastcancer survivor, and losing my preexisting condition coverage would devastate our family, and my kids
Already contacted Ohio Rep Renacci (R) and Senators Sherrod Brown (D) and Portman (R)

Good for you #WomenInTheSenate! We will continue to advocate for affordable healthcare for every citizen
Glad to hear plan isn't hidden since you all know what's in it
Remember the Patriot Act?  It happens.
Don't you know you have to pass the bill before you can see what's in it...LOLOLOLOL!!!
Russian trolls get no consideration here.
You must do this for weeks not one night. One night is window dressing and won't stop McConnell from destroying our Democracy! Weeks!
Just shut up! Tired of your lectures, whining, name calling, disparaging Americans, etc.
Why aren't there any Woman input into the New Trump care Bill? @washingtonpost @FoxNews @realDonaldTrump @maddow
I have 1 son with CP and 1 with Asthma. So both will already be paying higher premiums once they have to start insuring themselves.  Sad
Trump care =NO care.  You pay for the ability to have nothing.
#NoToTrumpCare @SenateGOP Americans can not afford TrumpCare. STOP IT!
Repeal Obamacare and DO NOT REPLACE IT.  Let the free market work to bring down costs.
every one of these @SenateDems should be ashamed. All they seek to do is to incite more shootings and get more @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP shot
Hmmm I remember something from @NancyPelosi regarding Obamacare, "we have to pass it to know what's in it" sooooo what's your point?!? #MAGA
You mean Dems speak out. But we don't care what Dems think. Like they didn't care what republicans thought on ACA
Check-out the number of Republican amendments to the ACA. If you recall it took months of legislative wrangling by all the lawmakers, not 15
#VoteGOPOut #Resist
Ha ha ha. That's funny. Dems are at their lowest levels in gov since the civil war. Americans have woke up. No more Socialism!

Thank you dems for doing something. I'm angry at you for not protecting ACA as you should!
States already do it high risk pool on single payer while free market for those who want more choices. High risk covers only pre-existing
Don't give them a single vote.  Further hold a press conference to shine a spotlight on the darkness
There is hope that we get a new Senator in Michigan in 2018 !!! Comrade Stabenow will fall with her Russian "auto makers" !!!
The Dems healthcare plan, known as Obamacare has imploded ,as predicted.
That happens when the government can't decide what it's doing from day to day. Business doesn't like uncertainty.
Support Dems in 2018 - tell the @GOP America is not for sale to the highest bidder. Stand up and fight against corruption in our government!
Have you been watching the race in Atlanta? Democrats have spent $23M trying to buy 1 seat! They are trying to buy the race! Corrupt Dems!
Literally goosebumps & lots of tears. Pls keep fighting for us!
My friend in Oregon is in danger of losing her ayurvedic homeopath.  This is unconscionable.
Get government out of healthcare unlesss going all the way.
Why does this look like it's from the 70s?
#VoteThemOut that's the loudest way to show your support!
the Democrats and Republicans are the CAUSE of our healthcare problems, not the solution
You are sadly mistaken. I worked at a 8K employee health care facility for 31 years. GREED ruined H/C
Keep it going, @SenateDems! You make us PROUD! 
It doesn't take much to make u proud apparently. This is the same party that had to pass b4 they could read it.
