good job Senator!
- Thank you for taking a stance!
Now, we have to watch her every step.  The fox is in the hen house and will do so much damage to our youth!
Yes becuase you get $$$ from the teachers unions.  @TheDemocrats are bought and paid for by unions. Our children need support!
Charter Schools help poor blacks and poor Hispanics greatly. I see you really don't care. https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=http://credo.stanford.edu/documents/NCSS%25202013%2520Final%2520Draft.pdf&ved=0ahUKEwigtYSP_fzRAhVm7oMKHVGTB4gQFggaMAA&usg=AFQjCNH9YQyH6lv1YHprmuWo5MQKuiTHQA&sig2=-9GxoEpBiBChjWImOO6KSw …
thank you for standing up for public schools and special education!
thank you for representing us in IL
@SenatorDurbin Thank you for representing us so well. Your work is so important even if the outcomes aren't matching yet.
thank you!
Thank you! Please keep fighting. x
thank you for fighting for what is right!
Keep fighting the good fight!
nobody cares about you. Go back to the corner wand watch... you have no power now.
So the dems #obstructionist tactics didn't work. VP Pence took care of that. Enough with the gridlocks - let's move forward.
thank you for standing up against those that value campaign contributions more than our children today.
Tammy, give her hell on EVERYTHING! Pay for play makes GOP a bunch of whores
Thank you!!!
then what is your excuse for not voting for any of the cabinet appointees. You are just voting party irregardless. Be truthful
you cannot be for real with that question. Every senator that votes yes on devos was bought and paid for!
Thank you for standing up to Trump.  You are appreciated.
Thank you! Grateful for your voice as my senator.
Release the logs of constituent feedback on this nomination. Prove you represent the citizens of your state! #ShowYourWork
when you cry wolf over and over, the message is lost.  It's going to be a long 6 years
I'm proud to have voted for you, Senator.
Being on the side of public education is always the right side to be on. #ilovemypublicschool #thankyou
Sincere thanks for your position, Senator. Glad you represent me.
Thank you!
Thank you for voting FOR our kids and not against! This voter will remember!
that's all it would have taken? Schucks
THANK YOU Senator Duckworth - this constituent is grateful for representing me and my concerns #HoldTheFloor
Thank you Sen Duckworth, I am sure we will have a number of issues to fight for given DeVos' inexperience.
Senator, public schools have and will continue to exist. Only now will have to be better. They need to be fixed
Thank you for trying your best for the children of our country. Your efforts are appreciated and will not be forgotten.
Thank you Senator!
Did you bother to ask your employers (people in illinois) how they wanted you to vote? Or did you just listen to those like u?
damn right!!!!  My senator!!!
thank you for standing up for what's best for our country. It's very much appreciated!
thank you for you NO vote. Keep on fighting for us!
Sad that you support status quo. Schools can be so much better. @BetsyDeVos will bring needed change.
God help our country and thank you for being our voice Senator!
No one had any idea DeVos was against civil rights and all public schooling; thanks for pointing this out. #LOL #LiberalLogic
Already discracing the office Senator. Stunts are supposed to be beneath you. What happenend to the promise to work together?
Thank you for trying.
thank you
thanks for your efforts
thank you senator!
Thank you for all of your efforts in opposing this horrendously unqualified nominee.
thank you
thankyou sen Duckworth.I'm proud to have you and senator Durbin as my senators.I appreciate you fighting for what is right
Thank you! Keep up the fight against Sessions!
haha #FakeNews from a sen. you make it sound like now there will be no more schools. #delusional
.@SenDuckworth Thank you for leading by example!
@SenSchumer @SenWarren TY4 fighting4American children #NoonDeVos Motiv Blk voters Not 1 @SenateDems  vote4 @jeffsessions @CNN
this is insane. She is so unqualified. How can we get rid of her. @democracynow @usedgov @edutopia @educationusa
Duckworth 2020?  Please say yes.  
Thank you for voting no on DeVos. Keep voting no!
THANK YOU!
We need as much diversity in methods & technique possible, not top down control from establishment oligarchy.
I wish more than two Republicans had felt the same.
you're one of the good ones
Good one what? Liar? Liberal? Exaggerator? Antagonist? Denier? Obstructionist? Too many choices, it seems.
please stop getting your word view from shock jocks. You're bringing this country down. @SenDuckworth
I'm surmising you meant to say "world view" versus "word view". Oh well, so much for public schooling.
Thank You.
Well, this administration just proved..  "Money talks and Bullshit walks"!
As an IL teacher I appreciate your No vote!
Thank you for trying for us.
Eloquent and elegant. Well done!
Well-put, Senator. Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you Senator Duckworth for doing the right thing, and for your service in our military.
both parties blindly vote/follow their party. The whole system is a joke. You just happen to be on the "right" side this time
thank you. This is gonna be a bumpy ride. Hang in there!
Senator, we need our Dem leadership to get aggressive about Trump and his actions. And we need to restore the party.
You have an electrified, engaged base now. Use it.
Senator, thank you for your service. Now you need to gear up, and fight for our Democracy.
