
woohoo! Yay Tammy! Rooting for you!
Great to see take office Senator. Wishing you all the best.
and we are happy to have you!
non constituent here, proud of all the new Dem women (guys too)
Stand Tall, Senator!
KNOW that MILLIONS and MILLIONS of Americans Stand with You
Please consider my request.
Proud of my former Rep and new Senator!
@Only4RM Kudos Senator, kudos.
An old vet remembering your sacrifice. do right by our veterans. Action not reteric is what matters. Msgt T W Henke, USAF RET
@rhiles2760 
Tammy, kick some Republican ass! Huuu-ra!
congratulations Senator! And looking like a badass superhero in a leather suit! 
Start by being tougher than you were as a Congress woman. Sen Dems better obstruct the GOP every step of the way
Which will be a chore since the Congress is not noted for its work or almost anything of significance! Good luck!
congratulations! What is your new D.C. Office number? As a constituent, want to know how to call ur office!
Time to fight FOR US
Epic in SO many ways!!! 
@HeideggerFan And will you support the quickly growing number of atheists in the millennials? We are the only realists here!
Its time to work on repealing Obamacare, blanaced budgets, deficiet reduction, and removing regulations that are killing jobs.
I'm proud to have used my vote to help give you this chance to represent the people of Illinois in Congress.
congrats and we are proud to have you rep Illinois. We're counting on you and @SenatorDurbin to safeguard decency. #USA
Congratulations.
Thank you for your service and God bless you and your family.
It's time for a war. Dems been pushed around and complacent for far to long. Time to FIGHT back.
@owillis fight Trumpism every day.  Never compromise with these monsters.
Thank you 
Y didn't u lend ur voice & name when @JacksonLeeTX18 & other @HouseDemocrats objected 2 the EC certification?
Wishing you the best! It'll be a steep uphill battle, but you have no lack of experience in overcoming adversity. 
Stand tall, speak out, and hold your own. Don't give in or compromise with the opposition [when they won't for you]. #values
Congratulations!
Congrats!
congratulations
@eclecticbrotha - Sen Duckworth, congratulations! I pray for wisdom from above to guide you in the making of a good Senator.
Big congratulations from Chiang Mai, Thailand!
your such an inspiration! Look out Senate! My SHero is coming!
How can anyone not love Joe Biden?
You go! An absolute  inspiration.
We need you to stand up to the GOP - and the upcoming confirmation battles. Think Garland!
@skrossa Your mission is clear #resist

Congratulations!
@owillis We are so proud of you!
@ctemp love that you did the oath with the constitution.  I have high hopes for you!
@redsnoopystock  best wishes Senator!
@Only4RM Congrats Sen Duckworth!
@DrDinD Congratulations Senator Duckworth
@Only4RM
We're so excited to have you representing us. I have several friends from RI who know you (I worked there a bit in the 90s).
Go Tammy! Fight! Offensive! I am from Ill and encouraged whole family to vote Tammy
Please stop shootings in Chicago. Innocent bystanders, young artists and seniors get shot! Thank G-d for Cook County Hospital.
@owillis congratulations. You earned that seat!
congrats I'm sure you'll do us proud! 
So happy and proud for you! Thank you so much for your past, present, and future service 
Please tell Graham and McCain to investigate Russian hacks! @SenDuckworth
Good Luck!
Congratulations Sen. Duckworth! Looking forward to great things from you. Greetings from Michigan
Congratulations!
@MarkopoloXYZ Congrats!
Senator - you are an inspiration to all of us! Thanks for your services. May you be a leading light in the dark chambers of DC
What a GREAT WOMAN... We need more Americans like Tammy in the Congress and Senate... Thank You for ALL you do!
YAY!!
so refreshing to hear an elected official talk about SERVING US,  instead of tweeting about their love of foreign dictators!
High !!'
#RESIST!
Congrats, Senator Duckworth. I know you're gonna kill this gig.
I'm so excited to support you in office!
@nopartyforme know those creeps can't bully you. A bright spot in a.dark and ominous horizon !
We're counting on you Tammy
We are honored to have you.  Hoping you will choose IL over party and work with both parties
Congratulations!
Good for you!!!
Welcome, Senator.  Sorry about this but: you are the firewall for the Nation.  PLEASE, seek out  allies/stop Trump.
super excited to call you my Senator & look forward to supporting you as you fight for our democracy!
Congrats to our new U.S. Senator from IL @SenDuckworth who took the oath today -- and updated her Twitter handle.
Senator Duckworth, please kick ass and don't collaborate with a party that conspires with nazis. Thanks, Dan (constituent)
Congratulations! I was proud to vote for you. Please defend us against Trump.
so cool! State of Illinois is lucky to have you. Congratulations Senator!
Congratulations!
Congratulations! As a woman, mother, daughter of a Vietnam vet, person of color, and an Illinois citizen, I am so proud. 
congratulations!
congrats love u
Congrats Sen. Duckworth !!
Honored to call you MY Senator!
Congrats from a fellow Illinoisan!! Please don't allow Medicare & Social Security to be "redefined"! Best Wishes to you and @SenatorDurbin.
grade A Badass!!! Keep representing!
I'm glad you are representing us!
Please know that Americans are very concerned w/Russian hacking, Trump's ties to Russia, and his countless business conflicts.
I'm glad you're in the Senate!  We need more women in Congress!!
