President Trump's new #ExecutiveOrder revokes and replaces the controversial and now-suspended previous travel ban http://n.pr/2n6Ldn7 
This #MuslimBan will not make our country safer. It betrays the American values those of us who served in uniform fought to defend
Discrimination is discrimination and no amount of sugarcoating by the President will change that
Trump signs revised immigration order on 6 Muslim-majority nations http://nbcchi.com/wfwbuJW  
where were you when Obama did the same thing?
Only if leftists like you push the false narrative that it is indeed a #MuslimBan.
It isn't.
@SenDuckworth @blisteringart
@HindMakki
Radical Right-Wing Christian Terrorist are a bigger problem in America than Muslims.
Right-Wing Extremists Are a Bigger Threat to America Than ISIS
have you read it?  Or are you just trusting your Christian pastor to tell you that? Muslims  less than 1% of US
thank you.  Keep fighting.
Enemy terrorists don't need any tools whatsoever. What are you smoking? NOT a #MuslimBan
#MuslimBan How many Muslims will you take in your mansion?
#MuslimBan So it's "Be nice to us or we'll turn into terrorists?". Then why are right to ban them.
Right, bombing the Middle East doesn't create hate, preventing travel to US does. Got it
Oh Shut up Duckworth   !  ( Man, what a disappointed you have been.)
you're our enemy. Keep playing into terrorist hands.
@conniejimjoe why don't all #Muslim nations stop doing business with @realDonaldTrump #uae
I would seem morally appropriate and solidarity will be the ultimate push back boycott to djt
That it would.

Tammy Veterans are behind you.  Keep up the good work.
All peaceful accepting people need to stand as one against hate. Unfortunate this means looking at ALL groups with criticism.
Lol. Have you done any research into these countries and who THEY hate? Liberals are dangerous to world security. God help us.
it's not a Muslim ban stop being a stooge.
misrepresenting the facts..this is really hurting D party & country! And when you are elected president you can be in charge!
If Muslims are so fickle, why are you advocating for our country so be saturated with Muslims?
Is this your staff writing on behalf of your Twitter account Senator because they don't know what they're talking about.
The only ones calling it a Muslim Ban are Dems and Liberals. There are no predominately Muslim countries in temp vetting ban.
oh yeah it is obvious murdering radical islamists are holding back til trump issues travel ban We have some stupid senators
Trump never banned muslims and the islamic radicals are the one's not wanted.  You should appreciate that
do we hate the Muslims in Indonesia too?? Can't we add them to the ban, then???
And them beheading people & posting on social media is the reason US fears them. They should stop killing & we won't need ban
@NPR Well they're wrong we don't hate Muslims we hate Donnie the Dick
please, like they don't already have a caliphate against us? Do you libs ever, ever read history & or listen to your enemies?
It is not "falsely" claimed if the PRESIDENT, high govt officials, congress & half of Americans keep doing it!
1/2
The only thing standing in the way, for the time being, is the Judiciary. Let us see how long will this last?
2/2
So what? They hate us already! Look how they're acting! You blind? I vote for them to stay out indefinitely.
.@SenDuckworth Well actually it's not a false claim. Roughly 35% of Americans hate Muslims and enough voted to elect pres that touted a ban.
Other then that Thank you for your service.
Lady it appears you have been educated beyond your intelligence. We want to keep the bad guys out, not let them in duh
They hate us no matter what we do. Untill we conform to being #Muslims they want us dead. Are willing to become a muslim?
Oh maybe you should read it, show me the lines where it calls out a religion?  #fakenews
@NPR there is a #MuslimBan?  When did this happen? Tried searching for it on WH website but found nothing. Are you sure?
@Robin42CD The fact that left keeps incorrectly calling it a "Muslim ban" is all the propaganda they need. Thanks a lot.
@linda_wed1 The Whitehouse wants war obviously
You're right. We were much better off using drones to bomb their Countries when Obama was President.That showed our compassion
You obviously have no idea what the rest of America thinks. Wise up or shut up. #ObamaWiretappedTrump #MAGA #AmericaFirst
typical stupid statement from a Democrat that has Trump Derangement Syndrome so bad that our county's safety doesn't matter.
Trump is becoming more dangerous & unhinged by the day. He must be removed from office in order to preserve our democracy.
But why would "hating Muslims" Help the enemy? U think all Muslims are potential terrorists just waiting to be triggered? 
old and tired excuse for not to secure our nation from hostile countries & potential attacks.
Really Ducky? Nobody gives a shit. Does the ban mean Americans will be safe from radical Islamist terrorists? Then that's all.
thank you!!
The only people playing into our enemies hands & created this propoganda are people like you & Liberal media. Blame ur self
Like that never stopped them before, I can't believe a US Senator is saying this.So just let them all in and see what happens?
L.Lynch called for blood in talking to HER ppl. I wish I get the chance to do the same. One day for sure
When will you be inviting a bunch of refugees to live in your house? C'mon, just invite one. I dare you.
Tammy knows it's not, she just wants to be an ignorant politician. It's all about her IMMIGRANT BASE.
Hey Tammy. Maybe if one of them would rape you or a family member, may kill one also, then you'd think different.
propaganda??? Yeah they wanted peace and civility until this was signed. You are incompetent to be a US Senator.
Right, and that would mean terrorist didn't attack the US during Obama's presidency #Stupidity
Uh, I think they have plenty of PROPOGANDA after 8yrs of bombings & half measures of fighting a war leaving allies to suffer.
No, Obama bombing the crap out of them for the past 8 yrs gave them enough ammunition.
.@SenDuckworth a #MuslimBan would mean a 100 other countries would have to be on the list. You are #lying
You are a vile hypocrite you didn't stand up 4 Christian genocide in ME when BHO had his
 'religious test'
we hate the ones that believe they are above US law with Sharia Law. We hate the ones that come here and kill us
we don't hate Muslims we hate the radical ones
I don't fully agree with that. Every religion should be respected. Radical Muslim/Christian/Jew anyone who harms...
stop the stupid bull shit.USA WILL get control of Prudential crimes diseases & terrorism entering our neighborhood & cities!
So, we arent supposed to defend ourselves because it might make our enemies want to kill us more?  Stupid
seriously? This is not a Muslim ban, you have zero credibility when you make false statements like this.
what a good little liberal democrat robot. America doesnt need you   #MAGA
and that's a problem why? You care too much what others think. Take care of our own first. #Americansfirst
Got one NOW  huh!
You remind me alot of Nancy Pelosi. Very similar mental scope and limited attention span. The KKK outfits were very fitting!
.@SenDuckworth OK genius WHEN & WHY our US Marine Corpse was formed?The only propaganda tool our enemy uses is the kuran 4 the last 1400 yrs
Doesn't it anger to find that the vary gov. That sent us to War, also created the enemy we had to fight? Maybe your on the wrong side.
It seams to me the more that Democrats speak as you do the less Representation you end up having in your Countries Governments
Senator Dorkworth...do you even know what a #MuslimBan is? I don't see Muslims being rounded up and deported from  US do you?
OMG You really think they need this like saying sex ed promotes sex. Idiot
You know better; Look below your waist line is that what you want all americans to look like
Hey dummy duck  if it's a #muslimban why  is it that 40 countries which are predominantly Muslim are not effected at all?
Why would someone disabled by radical Islamists at war with us defend them?
as far as I could tell u & other dems propaganda, feeding 2 the hands of terrorist they see weakness & they know went 2 pounce
it's not a Muslim ban.  Why do you need to spew political talking points?  You have an opportunity to clean up Chicago.
It's still a #muslimban if he's still banning muslims. He thinks we're  stupid. He thinks the judges are stupid. #trumprussia
POTUS is not banning Muslims. It's a temporary travel ban effecting 6 countries...kind of like what Obama did!?
*affecting
But, since Islam is the #ReligionOfPeace, Muslims accept our wariness of these terrorist states w/ grace & understanding.
Why are you so clueless? How did you get elected?
it is not a muslim ban.
So do u use this same insane logic when considering restrictions on #Russia, #Iran or #NorthKorea? Stop ur dishonesty Senator!
only when you call it a Muslim Ban. Please list what you have accomplished since taking office. Posting meetings don't count.
it won't work because we give them propaganda to hate us even though they still hate us?
