Could we feature this video in a news story on http://Metro.co.uk  and its social media channels? With full credit to you of course!
Yes Chris, that's fine. Thanks for checking
May @NPR post video of Anu with credit, and using a screenshot? Thank you for posting this - so wonderful!
Hello Bill. Yes of course. Thanks for asking
Thank you!
Hi there, may we post this video to LADBible Group's pages with a credit?
yes, no problem. thanks for asking.
THIS IS AWESOME.. I work at KHOU/CBS in Houston, Texas -- may we use this with credit to you? Thx
Yes of course Doug. Thanks for asking
Hi, could we use this video in a story on http://www.india.com/  with credits to you?
You can. Thanks for asking
Thanks! Covered it here
This is so wonderful! Thanks for sharing :)
May we repost this on our social media pages with due credit?
Yes, thanks for asking
Hey! I work for @newscomauHQ can we use this on our social channels with credit please?
Yes, thanks for asking
may we use this on our social media pages with a full credit (Johnston Press). Thanks
Yes Damien, thanks for asking
@bbcmtd Hi! I'm a producer for @ajplusespanol , could we use your video and credit you as its authors?
Yes of course. Thanks for asking
May SI share this video on social platforms crediting you? Thanks!
Yes, thanks for asking
Hi Midlands, can we post to 30a TV and credit ? Thank you - Ex Pat
Yes, thanks for asking
Hi! may we post this video on https://www.recreoviral.com/  and its social media channels? With full credit to you,please!
https://www.facebook.com/recreoviralblog/ …
Hello, yes of course. Thanks for asking
Hi! May we (USA TODAY's Humankind) use your video with credit to you? Love this!
Yes, thanks for asking
Hi there, may we post this video in our social media pages with credit to you? Greetings from Chile!
Of course - thanks for asking
Adorable aren't they? Like that bit of footage from that football game where a little boy stops part-way to hug his brother on the sidelines
I wanna see that. Link?
I think he means the football. Hang on...
Here you go...
Thank u. The younger bro is so tiny. 
Hi, what an amazing video! May we post this video on HLN.be (with credit, of course)?
Yes of course. Thanks for asking
Thanks a lot!
Melted my heart 
You bet!
I cried. My daughter is 7 too. Looks just like her and wears spectacles like her
@bbcmtd Hi! May @gendigital TVShow from Barcelona could use your Anu video and credit you as authors? It's a beatiful story! Thank you
Hi there which piece off footage are you referring to - the original one? If so then yes with a credit would be great
Yes the original one! Many thanks!
Love, love, love this! And what a snazzy leg. Great stuff.
Yup "Love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love, cannot be killed or swept aside"
Kids showing up all us adults how to treat each other equally no matter where or what they look like.
you just captured my thoughts exactly as i sit here crying and smiling; wishing more adults globally were as accepting as these wee ones!
Born without prejudice and ill will towards others. Instead born with a kind heart and soul. It's a shame some fill that with the opposite
Absolutely;I try to keep my five-year old twins that way!How they interact with their kindergarten mates really touches me & teaches me too.
 no wonder Jesus says except we be converted and be as little children, we cannot enter the Kingdom of Heaven.
Children just instinctively know the right thing to do. Wonderful
Its sad however when you hear of how cruel children can be to each other sometimes. This is a great example of when they do the right thing!
Also a statement of the type of training and environment children are exposed to, at school and at home.
Omg my heart
Who's chopping onions?
My son was born with only one leg. His schoolmates had no problem with his prosthesis, and protected him from bullies.
Same as my BF, most of the time I forget he has one 
aren't kids brilliant!
Thank God for children 
Pure heart melting stuff xx brave little lady
Brilliant as are the responses :)
Wee ones are class!!!so delighted for their friend 
Bit of dust in my eye there...
Love this. What a heartwarming reaction xx

How beautiful...just little girls playing together and loving each other. Bless.
Dedicated staff at west mids rehab centre @bhamcommunity transforming young lives with active limbs. NHS at its best #proudCEO
Every now and then a video comes along that makes me so happy. i'm especially prone as I have two daughters! This is 
May Allah bless Them
Just love the way that little girl hug her. :)
Another NHS job successful x
I LOVE this. Just beautiful. What lovely kids.
That is the most genuine hug ever.
Me right now
Beautiful 
Had tears in my eyes!
Have to admit, I was welling up. Bless their hearts. Thanks for sharing
Wow tears silly owd sod 
All children should be looked after.
Innocence of youth
I love children. They're so great. :)
Amazing.. Beautiful.. Basically this is all of us before we develop our shitty prejudices & stereotypes
This is wonderful. We'd love to have Whizbee - our London World Para Athletics Championship mascot - visit Anu and her friends at school
Okay, now I have to beat my chest, grunt, and ask the nearest guy "how about them Bears?"
Those hugs oh my God... Beautiful. 
Best city in the world. 
Omg I na really touched  this is Beautiful _ if only we could see & treat each other like how kids treat each other.
Right? Such love and kindness 
Everything would have been much  better  Sthandwa 
So true. It's the life we live for all who truly encounter Jesus.
why am i crying at the club rn
this is great. I cried 
It's beautiful. 
her & the other girl holding hands marching
Delightful! The reverse of bullying for being different!
Why can't adults be this accepting?! Glorious. Made my day! 
just love the way other kids hugged her and showed their affection to her 
Bless these babies.
Nope. Nope. Nope. I can't cry as I'm heading out *holding back tears * 
The best thing I will see today!
Heartwarming
That hug!
I'm not crying you're crying etcera.

I love kids and their acceptance, tolerance & love. Takes a lot of bad teaching to take that away from them.
The hugs say it all, what a beautiful reaction! Restores your faith
This is lovely  -it demonstrates how amazing children are!
what lovely friends to have!
Bless her heart.  So lovely seeing kids like this with each other, 7 years old yet they could teach adults a thing or two! Adorable... 
These kids could teach the adults how to treat other people.
Precious & priceless!
Children always great...until grownups poison them.  Humanity's curse.
What a beautiful child.look at that joy on her face beautiful so beautiful
Being kind - the most important thing to teach children.
Omg !!! Ummhhhh Melted my heart, Cute baby .
This is a good example of how little girls have power over everyone!

#GirlPower @jayantianil @sotumenon @vijujames
Also example of children taught to greet differences with happy interest rather than ignorant ridicule? Some adults could do with that too!
@5111at1
That's so cute
Its a cool pink, too! Love how they all share her joy
One of the kid's said 'look at her new pink leg!" So sweet.
Lessons from our young seem more critical than from our ideologies.
They always have been. 
@bbcmtd @KipBrockett super....what a heroes!
Agreed, Ellie! Have a wonderful day!
Wow. Don't you just let me kids.
Meant to say love kids. Typos!!
No I'm not crying, YOU'RE crying! #beautiful
Children ..renew your soul daily, magic! What an angel.
So sweet!
@JudithRosalind Emmm btw I love her school dress
Is that because you never had a normal one?
Ha no (ours were better) but hers had a BOW which nobody had. Fingers crossed you get a granddaughter at some point ;)
It would be interesting to see where we'd be as a species, without it. #Deep
So courageous and looking happy. 
All best wishes girl.
Girl I want to hug u right now. U made me cry. God bless u Anu. I loved it. Hats off to you baby.
THIS has brought the biggest smile this morning! Amazing children - curious, supportive, loving. #learningforlife
Anu is seven and goes to school in Birmingham. Look what happened when she showed her friends her new sports blade. It's just gorgeous! 

 this. Those kids can teach us all a few things about life.
Love this

That's what up love is a beautiful thing 
@russellcrowe How beautiful is this, very emotional !!! 
It's a joy to watch without some reporter blithering over it or telling us what to think/know (and no puns!)  x
Love the other little girls instantly hugging her, then playing with her!
Wonderful .... faith in humanity restored for a brief period of time.
goose bumps
Man this is one of the good things about twitter!!!! just have to avoid reading the hateful tweets
I filled up when I saw it on news. If only adults were like it the world would be a much better place. Well done kids 
Wow guys look what the children's prosthetic fund is doing. Makes my heart swell with pride. @LimbPower @starworks_cp
@DrDavidGK bought a little tear to my eye #justlovely
as we grow up, some of us lose such attitude! #learnfromkids
Stop trying to make me feel things.
Just got an itchy eye that all...nothing else
Beautiful! Perhaps the best thing you will see today.
ومن أحياها كأنما أحيى الناس جميعا
Wish these children never become adults as they loss all innocence & love
@abbyaug Best. Clip. Ever.
Just lovely!! What great kids
@russellcrowe Ooh my goodness! The hugs!! So much joy & happiness. I love it!
Today's #everydaybeauty
Gorgeous.
So great! A bionic woman in the making
Bellissima la spontaneità di questa bambina!
Kids see the possibilities not the limits.
That is awesome
It shows that kids do not know discrimination they don t know racism:adults always create problems and ruin the world
That's a fact,  how I wished  the kids to  run the  world affairs before they become adults.
Why can't we live in a world like this only. 
I know.
Absolutely Incredible. So Special.
Looking at this one would wish we never grew up :) heartwarming video 
If only they were just as nice when teenagers
haha....... mine's yet to be, but sis's teens behave very well :)
see also this video @robinince
lovely
Good one, tx for sharing. Very uplifting and proves out #humankindness
@soetaertmatt15 pooooo lil tink tink
Tink tink tink tink tink tink.
@itsarareis 
Que coisa mais linda! E o fato de abraçarem ela assim que ela chegou diz tanto... :') 
@em_cass I cried
Little kids are so pure 
Anu saya kalau berjalan, lari semua orang.
ahahahaha.. adoii.. srious ini haanatt gilew punya lawak.. aku tak sanggup tengok bro.. hihihi
@BallumbiePS lovely wee video no other words are needed #sharingiscaring
Omg! There are tears in my eyes! Thank you for sharing this. There is indeed still hope for mankind. #children #love #nohate 
Me too! Lovely children!
Wow, the honesty of chilren, just fab @AllisonBoggis one for a lecture on diversity?
Absolutely - watch this space.....!
Bless her heart! And all her wonderful little friends, too! 
:-)
Amazing. It gives hope in times of uncertainty and suffering. The human race can be brilliant. It is a choice, so chose to be better.

@TopsznAnu
@Lizzie_Deehan
so sweet 
An American conservative would look at this video, and see a leech upon society who shouldn't get expensive care.
Anu is seven and goes to school in Birmingham. Look what happened when she showed her friends her new sports blade. It's just gorgeous! 
@Suejenkinson1
Bless her wee heart 
Awesome aish 
So lovely :)
Omg !!! Speechless 
Such a wonderful video.
Just shows how children aren't prejudiced until influenced by us adults. Lovely film and lovely child. Wish her well.
Speechless. Thanks for making my day. This is just adorable.
One of the most heart warming thing I have seen in many years. It was very touching and moving - real love and friendship shown.
Heart warming
For helvede. Nu fik jeg noget i øjet igen.
The next blade runner :))  awesome.  More power to the little brave one!
So young, sweet and innocent!
Who told me to cut onions before watching this...
Kids just rock! No prejudice no hang ups not fazed at all, just get on with it! welcome their friend back and check out a new leg.
my whole heart 
This is beautiful - thank you for sharing!

I'm almost tearing up man.
@APFFDJourney I thought you'd be touched by this as I was!
Such a strong proof that raising awareness about #disabilities has to start at the youngest possible age for the best societal outcomes 
Love this!
Faith in human kind restored for 10 minutes, thank you!
Simply beautiful; respect is one of the greatest expressions of humanity
Gorgeous! Pure love!
I think my heart just exploded
Aww so precious! Bless her heart and theirs!
Beautiful 
Tear jerker. How sweet. #happy
This is adorable
Anu is seven and goes to school in Birmingham. Look what happened when she showed her friends her new sports blade. It's just gorgeous! 
Some adults could learn lessons
@NRamjuttun omg 
@AishaYesufu was in tear watching this. Innocent souls! Wish the world view things this way.
Bloody lovely 
That is so damn sweet
Tear in my eye proves its adults that start the hate & division #katieHopkins #Farage #TheresaMay your boys took one hell of a beating 
Got something in my eye...
This just bought tears to my eyes! Big hugs to Anu!!!
Awesome
Beautiful!
that tear in my eye then, it was down to allergies....ahem.
Go Anu!!! 
Love the way her friends just accept and get on with play , hopes for the future 
Ahhhh bless her! What a sweetie

Kids can be great. Cruel too though but I blame the parents for those ones. It's nice to be nice is an easy thing to teach your kids x
Aww.

In uncertain times, this has just given me hope for the future of our species.
<3<3<3<3
Kids show us adults up,love this
Bless these wonderful kids.
A simple video clip, yet so powerful. The innocence of children... so inspiring how they demonstrate inclusion and celebrate diversity. If only we as adults could do the same
Hi! I work at Scope, the disability charity. We'd love to get in touch with Anu & her family... Could you DM so I can give you my details? 
Oh bless them, that's lovely
Adorable
So happy for her because kids can be so cruel , glad she has supportive friends 
Kids are pure love, they don't see race, religion, disabilities. Just a friend who got better (and a cool prosthetic leg).
Adorable aren't they? They teach us how everyone is special in this universe.
@bbcmtd & @akshu304 Thank you for sharing this amazing video.
We would all do better by emulating children!
That's my old school, that! #proud
Lovely young lady hope the rest of your life is full of happiness
Very touching...great children
@russellcrowe Young children are taught kindness and compassion when shown at home but for most it just comes naturally 
Gotta love kids 
@giselamiranda @
I meant to show you this last night and forgot.
Finally we see something humane on social media. Ahhh loved it!
@arlette333
I got tears of happiness
This is life without predudice... this is how the world should be
Remove politics and religion and it just proves, that HATE IS TAUGHT!  These girls' parents should ALL be proud!
She's so beautiful! Instant Love
Thank you for posting this!!!!!
Con que cariño la tratan sus compañeras
God Bless these children
