A little epoxy and some Bondo and you'll be good as new; I got a buddy in Urbana who can hook you up... ;) #thankyouforbeingmysenator
Duckworth for everything!
#BAMF
Yes she is. I would to see her be President some day. Actually, I'd trade her for POS we have now in a heartbeat
DAM 
Awesome Senator Awesome. 
Great. Now Dad has squad goals.
wtf
Leg day sucks
@SenDuckworth Ha! I want to get in a boat with you!
Don't forget PFD on water--USCG will rescue, but cite vessel owner 4 missing safety equip.  Pg 1, Trib-NYT-WAPO.
You rock!  Oh rah!
Way to turn a frown upside down.
I bet the whole "screw loose" thing applies differently, too?
You are simply the best.
You're amazing.
Amazing spirit
I see you have a leg up on the competition
You are one tough, young lady! #Hero!
You Rock! HOOAH!
I hope you get better soon
Your trainer: it was defective. Give me fifty...
Your a rockstar
Why are corrupt weaklings like McConnell & Ryan in leadership roles when Duckworth is really the kind of person needed. Such a travesty.
To be fair, GOP controls both houses. I'm not shy with my criticism but I wouldn't expect them to choose Democrats to lead them...
More in general, it's an indication of the rot in the system that weasels like McConnell & Ryan even have leadership positions.
Feel better soon & please support Harriet Tubman being on the $20 bill, use "wall" funds to support those in need. Get well soon, thank you!
Hahahahaha
Let tell u, you're a brave female,Love ur smile , but I'LL love that leg a LiL b more , if you marry me I m single, you re unique. God bless
In the cardio room today I thought of you and squeezed a little more time on the rowing machine. Thanks for inspiration!
LOL... remember Paul Ryan's "workout"
#hero #gymlife #ussenate #uscongress #USArmy  @Morning_Joe @morningmika @StephMillerShow @SRuhle
In this situation, do u get out the toolbox &  try to fix it? Call a repair person? Call a Doctor?  LMBO #badasssenator #workoutmishaps
So bad ass!!
@TeamUSAorg & @WeAreInvictus looking for super athletes - sign her up.
Love to Tammy Duckworth!
Goddamnit Tammy, youre not meant to get legless in the gym xD
Does bring a whole new meaning to the phrase broke my leg.
 your sense of humor 
Now there's resilience there!  You're too funny!  Hope you had a back up leg!

Be careful, we need you!!
Wow. 
You just made my whole summer. <bow here>
Bad ass! Hero!
My husband broke hIs spring rowing. Hope your repair parts are more accessible! Happy rowing.
Love your sense of humor
You don't need legs to have an unbreakable heart. 
Tammy, I love you!
Fucking. Bad. Ass. 

Not gonna lie, kinda proud I got to vote for you :)
Well, we now know you'd do great in show biz if you ever quit politics, but we NEED you 2 stay in the Senate (unless u become President)
I withhold any support for presidential runs until I see video of you rowing. Form matters! #DontJumpTheKnee(s)
Hardcore Ma'am, HOOAH!
It can never be said enough, Thank you for your service and sacrifice.
Love you, Tammy!!! You ROCK!
Badass b!
You and Dave Grohl should hang out.
Maybe he can perform at your inauguration.
I love love love this picture!
https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71GUCh4qCYL._SL1476_.jpg …
Adding my vote: run for President!
you may have a future in show business
Oh no I'm so sorry you broke it.
Duckworth for President!
Please keep doing a great job
You GO, girl!
Damn it...now I like and admire you even more. Pick that thing up and start swinging, and it's still *technically* kicking ass. 
It is but a flesh wound!
Keep the sense of humor up and you smile when it happened awesome hope everything gets repaired
My boy does that too x
Love you Tammy, you badass!
Ma'am, sounds like you would be great for theater. 
"Break a Leg!" 
*takes off leg* 
"I got this, guys!"
Badass.
Yes ma'am Sen. Lt. Colonel Bad-ass! I would love to change the title to President Bad-ass!
Senator, respectfully, 
YOU KICK SO MUCH ASS!
You are incredible!
Stay blessed
@adamhillscomedy ever happened to u Adam???
You're amazing 
Any questions about women in the military? Bad ass!
Keep up the good work.
Toughest woman yet!!
A complete separation ..
That is #hardcore #training
Sweet attitude 
Such a smart but silly lady. Thx for the chuckle
Awesome!
That's the funniest thing I've seen today  well played
القوة في أجمل صورة لها 
Strength in it's most Beautiful way
Much Luv 2 u Tammy.. Stay Strong, Moving Forward !!! #Next
When you know Senator Duckworth would not have needed a golf cart to get around the G20 (or the golf course). 
Funny
Helo driver aspires to follow on career in theatre. "Break a Leg."
Not broken, you just have a screw loose.   ;)
You're incredible.  Thank you for you.
I can relate!! Bahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahhah #Wheelchaired
You're clearly kick ass but that's probably the funniest thing I've seen in a while you made me laugh my ass off
Certainly brigs new meaning to the phrase "Break a leg". :D
Beast Mode, you went so hard you broke yourself, I usually break equipment.
Bless your heart
I hate it when that happens! You go girl!
#badass!
wut
Nothing a trip to home Depot can't fix which sounds odd considering it's a leg.
I feel like your shirt says something funny, but I can't read it.
I did that with my right ankle; needed surgery, now I have arthritis. Who knew that rowing could be so dangerous.
You are my favorite superhero. The REAL Wonder Woman!
You. Are. Amazing!
metal fatigue
LOL thanks for sharing!  Just LOVE your face!
UK and Thailand medical activity disabled? Time for Change http://sincerityagency.blogspot.co.uk/2017/09/uk-and-thailand-medical-activity.html … …
Thank god some still have a sense of humor!!! Go Sen D!!!
Oh my god! Strong work!!!! 
Your face though... You're amazing!
Biden-Duckworth 2020??
I love your sense of humor 
Attitude is everything. We're proud to have you as our Senator.
Hang in there TD, pulling 4 u no matter what! #AmericanWarrior
#ThanksForComingHomeToServe
Thank you for your sense of humor Senator
Excellent Sense Of Humor..........Still, An "Ouch" Though...Or, Maybe An "Opps"
Remember to recycle hahaha.... Ok I'll leave.
You're awesome.

Now that is a never say die attitude... inspiration for anyone! Personality that leaps out of that photograph.
I aspire to be as hardcore as you
God Bless You!
Love this tweet... and that Joe Walsh tshirt!!
This cracked me up!
That's a pretty impressive rowing speed,
can't believe you pulled that off.
Ouch!
Your such a beautiful person.

only leg break where you could get a refund, too
God love ya. So do we.
@KidRock ...this is what a real 'American Badass' looks like.
That is just hilariously wonderful. Thank you for your spirit and gusto!
Love your positive attitude Tammy 
you have a wonderful out look on life.
I' dunno how to react to this
Senator BA
What can I say ... You are awesome ... Amazing ... Truly inspiring ... And best of all funny 
Be careful! Ergs can only take so much.
A sense of humor is everything. You're my new hero.

I don't know if there's an English word for it but in Sweden we call it "gallows humor" laughing at the morbid or adverse. This is it. 
Someone I would really like to meet!
You're an Icon
Senator Duckworth, I BETTER SEE YOUR NAME ON THE 2020 BALLOT
One of the only advantages I can see of losing your legs in a combat helicopter crash. RA 70-73 Hua! Now R22 PIC.
Breaking legs and breaking down barriers. Run Tammy, run! #2020

I like that my Senator is wearing a Joe Walsh (the good one) t-shirt. But need to connect you w/local artists too!
I officially have a twitter crush. Few things more appealing than charm & sense of humor.
You're an inspiration to all, keep up the great work you do. We need your voice amid the horror that's happening in our country. #thankyou
This American USN veteran would vote for you for president or any other office for which you run.
Go girl
If I saw that happen at a gym I would probably have a stroke from laughing...
She is No. 1 badass!
#hardcore

As an orthopaedic technician, I find that really funny 
Senator, you rock! As an Army wife & Army mom you make us all Army Strong!
I was just telling a group from our Registrars Office that we veterans have a somewhat gallows humor...
Awesome, love your humor!!!!
I love you 
You are AMAZING!
Diamond Geeza xx

Hahahahaaaa. Beautiful attitude and smile. Xoco
Will you get your replacement at the VA?
Spirit I mean.
Brilliant. Love this. What a soirit 
But will you be able to "man up" like @piersmorgan and do a 3 hour shift sitting as sofa talking to a camera?
Stopped breathing when I read the start of the tweet, relaxed when I saw the photo
Love you! 
@Bionic_Tweets Awesome Tammy, may I ask where the other leg is? Rowing with one leg?
Even with a broken leg, think about being President
snap city
Nothing can dent a warriors spirit
#WonderWoman 
Good on you for possessing a sense of self-referential humour! Sadly rare these days.

"They may take our legs. But they'll never take our sense of humor."  
Boy I needed that laugh cause hopefully my lower keys house will not be broken...
I broke a guitar string & b*tched & moaned & cursed the . Now feel foolish. Thx you 4 your service, sacrifice & perspective
this is both a problem and an advantage of being a badass cyborg
Yo you're badass
Savage
haha, get well up soon.
Awesome you are
Not sure if anyone could have a more amazing sense of humor than this.
Have you thought about getting into acting?
so to be clear...YOU didn't tweet this, since it wasn't signed -TD...? Jus' wondrin'.
You're badass. And my 13yo son talks about you a lot. He really admires you. He's WAY into politics.
You are joy.
I hope your insurance will cover it. Some can't get replacements for a long period of time under their coverage & can't afford to pay.
They sometimes fall victim to "average use" guidelines, which don't often take into account the needs of ppl who want to be active.
Be well soon!!
Tammy for president..
What is on shirt?
I hate it when I go to use the rowing machine, and the last person to use it has left a prosthesis there.
Love your spirit.
I hate when that happens!
Wow!!
Oh snap
Happens to the best of us
