Trump expected to announce end to Obama-era DACA, official says http://fxn.ws/2em1xOw 
#DREAMers contribute so much to our country & pledge allegiance to just 1 flag—the American flag. Please do not betray them by ending #DACA
If @POTUS moves forward with this cruel plan and leaves #DREAMers out in the cold, it’s vital that Congress protects DREAMers
Keep up the good fight Senator Duckworth!! #defendDACA
It's just another one of Trump's lies.
Stay on him. Ty.
Trump is just one broken promise after another.
He did the same to the LGTBQ community. Liar in Chief
Can't trust fake president
He never keeps his word on anything a sneaky salesman Bloomberg said he was a conman
He excels at going back on his word.  It is what he does best.
It was fairly apparent from the onset, that he had no intention of honoring promises made during the campaign. Con artist selling snake oil.
DJT is a liar.
He is that jealous of Pres. O
Senator, I seriously believe POTUS is doing his best NOT to make ANYONE "happy". We are being punished for his failure @SenatorDurbin
And Obama promised hope and change. Instead we got despair and lots of the same. Where was your outrage then?
I'm happy... I'm people.
TRump mother was illegal.
How about lowering out taxes
The same way he has betrayed everyone else who believed his transparent lies, that's how.
@MiaFarrow @POTUS @FoxNews this all gets back to the racism Trump used from day one of his campaign. Hitler would be proud.
Easy. He is a Fascist. He lacks empathy. He is a Sociopath. Plus, #DACA  was Obama's idea.
Because if President Obama did something wonderful Chump will destroy it.
You should know by now that he NEVER tells the truth.
Punch him in the face. Do it for America.
Because he lied to get elected. Had no idea what DACA stood for in the first place. Just said what people wanted to hear to get elected.
Cuz he's the fk head we all knew he is
Speak @SenDuckworth ..defend our #DACA citizens!
Because he is an amoral POS.
He never keeps his word. He lies & lies and Washington keeps giving him chances. When will enough be enough?
And, we have to provide excellent medical care for our children and elderly, only then do we have the ability to help others.
Betray them!? They aren't even legal! Illegals suck just like you!
Hurray Tammy!! This is unblievably cruel.
He is such a terrible person!  Shameful!!!
Sorry lady, but his responsibility is to American children first...they are entitled to an excellent education first.  So until then....
Um, liars gonna lie, Tammy. ps, keep up the great work!
We both know the answer to this, Senator. #sociopath
B/c he's deranged & can NEVER satisfy his horrible jealousy & vengeance re: Obama. Pathetic b/c he'll not alter the huge love we have 4 BHO
Because he's a liar?
He can betray them because he's a lifelong hypocrite and pathological liar
News flash Tammy, he has betrayed many Americans already
All Trump cares about is undoing everything Obama did. Trump is a small, spiteful man filled with envy.
This man is so full of hate.
Nation must get "USof Koch" always wants MORE:$, land,cars,vacations,etc.all at Worker peril.ThinkTanks have bought State/Fed positions.2018
It is because Trump is pure evil. He only cares about personal power and $$ gain. He is worst possible kind of person to be in prez office
Hey you.. Illinois here...how can you stand by and be ok with our BROKE, MURDEROUS state becoming a "SANCTUARY" state? REALLY? #MAGA #retire
@DianeToucan @POTUS 

Tammy, hun, have you MET trump?
He promises whatever w/no intention of actually DOING action promised. He's 'making people happy' - his white supremisist supporters!
@POTUS lacks integrity. That's how.
Easy. He's in office now and doesn't remember any of his promises except that idiotic wall.
They can always try to immigrate legally.
If Obama did it he wants it undone.
"Quite easily" sadly appears to be the answer  #DACA
Because his sole agenda is the exact opposite of what Obama did. Plus, he's a sexist, a racist and a liar. #ImpeachTrump
Congress needs to make DACA a veto-proof law
I thought Trump was already told by a Judge not to violate immigration laws.
No but it means he's in contempt and I'm sure someone would file a lawsuit or add it onto what they already have going.
@EJLandwehr @POTUS @FoxNews  you now know that you can no  longer trust this president
@EJLandwehr @POTUS @FoxNews  I hope no one expected this man to keep his word. When you pick up a snake it may bite you
@EJLandwehr @POTUS @FoxNews  Do not vote for the tax break for the rich
@EJLandwehr @POTUS @FoxNews  please please lets impeach this person  he is horrible
he is only focused on undoing everything his predecessor accomplished.
Sorry not all dreams come true! !!!
How many ways will @realDonaldTrump show us he is a #RACIST ? I'm literally waiting for him to come out in the KKK hood. #ImpeachTrump
News Flash Trump has no integrity. Values power over promises.
These people who are/were children in the USA who deserve the same opportunities as Don Jr, Ivanka, Eric & Tiffany. The did nothing wrong!
Because all the dipdoes is lie..that was easy..next question please
Dolt's primary motivation: Greed.
Closely followed by: Wrath. 
His envy/hatred of BHO knows no bounds: desperate to undo any good BHO did.
Any one that believed or continues to believe anything @realDonaldTrump says is a sucker.  He basically told you that himself
Senator....Trump's promises are worthless.
He betrays all...that's what he does!!
Because the man has no
The same he betrayed the Trans community...for him...easily. #reverseObama
He's betrayed his wives and his country. Not surprised now.
Just another lie from 45
Because he's a lying sociopath.
When are people going to stop believing this heartless, pathological liar? He's totally mean and dishonest!
Senator, if you hadn't noticed, he sucks
To make them come legal is not betrayal.It protects them and affords them all the rights of a US http://citizen.you  r the betrayer .
You have betrayed them by exploiting minorities for a Liberal vote
It's what he does, he lies and lies and lies
Because he's a nazi, and he hates brown people
He lies alot, no surprise, but he should not betray the dreamers...
he's a monster. -2545- enough enough enough -2545-
Because that what he does he's a bastard let's deport trump!!!!!
History will judge you as the MONSTROUS ABOMINATION THAT YOU ARE! YOU HAVE DIVIDED THIS COUNTRY ! .@GOP .@HouseGOP .@SenateGOP STOP THIS!
Because that is what he does. Now that the ground is crumbling beneath his feet he is going to try to destroy everything in his path.
Move to impeach please
Because he's a liar!
@GaylaJensen @POTUS @FoxNews Anyone that believes this president is a fool. He's a proven liar and crooked POS.
His last name is Trump, betrayal & lie is what they do.

#therealdonaldtrump
Sen.Duckworth, you know that's very easy for Trump to go back on his word. His best and most consistent behavior is lying.
The same way he has betrayed everyone other than white, rich, straight males.
Because he's a lying psychopath! Please contact congressmen & women and file articles of impeachment against that #FakePresident #Impeach45
Let's get back to following the Constitution
Yes, let's. But first, at the very least, tRump should read the Constution at least once and then get his 11 yo son to explain it to him.
He never promised, that's just #FakeNews
tRump is a documented liar and has broken many of the promises he made. Nobody with a functioning brain believed him in the first place.
why?   another broken promise
Because @realDonaldTrump is pure evil, void of heart and soul
Such a snowflake! So fragile.lmao at you.
Only a fool could think @POTUS was telling the truth
Anything that has President Obama's name on it this man will try to do away with
For the same reason he denied Spicer the chance to meet the pope: because he can.
When he says "make people happy" I do not think it means what we think it should mean. #shouldmean #justmean
Easy when one has no moral compass
Because trump will sacrifice lives just to shove it to President Obama. It was Obama who tried his best to protect the innocent.
betraying people is @POTUS M.O.
Ask his ex business partners, LGBT, PoC, wives, etc, etc, etc.
@realDonaldTrump 'a words mean nothing.  Stop acting shocked.
Please do all you can to help DREAMers
He betrays them because he is evil.
No soul
Because he is a pathological liar who is well aware of his own incapacity so he's hellbent on destroying #44's legacy
We will rebuild as soon as 45 is gone #ITMFA TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #ENOUGH #RICO #LockThemAllUp #LiarLiar #TheResistance
Easy... because he is a racist.
He's promised many things, and broke many promises
By "people", he meant White Supremacists. He meant he'd make White Supremacists happy.
It's a public "promise" for whoever it is taking it away from, and a private promise for whoever he actually wants to support
he's a member of the GOP = Greedy Old Perverts and that's his mo promise all give nothing
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Not is a Good Leader for an Policy International & the Stability Economy Global  & Whole World, but is a THREATEN.
Anyone who believed any of Trump's promises got conned.
"A Trump Promise" = "Vaporware"

#DefendDACA
Why be surprised when he had broken many promises before?
You broke the law, Trump promised the end to DACA, now face it, if your ILLEGAL your going HOME>
DREAMers didn't break the law. Majority were brought here as babies, toddlers, children.
.@realDonaldTrump Ureally must have come from an #evil #sperm that #incubated in an #evil #uterus for you are #RottenToYourCore! #BurnInHell
@CAPAction @POTUS.  #LyingDonald
Because his a complete lying scumbag
Another deflection attempt from the Russia probe that's getting ready to explode. Human lives mean nothing to him unless it's him...only him
Congress needs to pass a veto-proof Dreamer's Act ASAP when coming back to Washington.
Uh, he is making people happy. His friends the Ignorant Raging Racists.
Because his name rhymes with Grump.
He's a racist liar?
Because he's a #ShitPOTUS
Promises mean nothing to him.
Well maybe Congress can stop it you have equal powers it's  time to act
It's Donald Trump. He'll betray anyone at any time.
He's a total liar, racist and homophobe
He has neither a conscience, nor empathy.
The only promises POTUS keeps are to his cronies.
