Rand lies! Ten of the states that will be hurt are red states too! Suckers voted for these POS's!
How much "power" will we have when we lose our health care? Will YOU subject yourself to the same crappy health care you're making us have??
And if Trump can enrich himself and get all these Insurance companies on board who don't care if you sick and have cancer
THANK YOU SENATOR PAUL. 
I am happy with my insurance, without a subsidy, thanks for fucking it up, remember elctions are coming up, will not forget
LOL, I meant elections, bad spelling again
Only consumers that make more than $50k are ok in your bs plan. Once again Republicans take from the poor & give to the rich. Thats messd up
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Thank you @RandPaul for helping & supporting President Trump YES, consumer control of our healthcare sounds good2me!
LOL
From now on, anyone who pays more for health coverage or loses it due to preexisting condition can ONLY blame @realDonaldTrump & #Trumpcare.
He's lying. We need universal healthcare.
Trumphumper Rand Paul sells his soul to the bigot DJT.
Rand Paul is not well
To What sticks in Trumps throat is he has to keep funding Obamacare now he comes out with some half baked plan
American dream: get on section 8 & SSI, produce SSI kids, get free healthcare, food stamps & methadone. Force your BF to buy you red shoes.
What about Puerto Rico?  You got Trump to sign YOUR executive order, now get help to Puerto Rico. They are Americans too.
Puerto Rico needs to it themselves instead of hiring trump every single time.
Trump and his wife the reality show people for a photo op Peurto Rico does no need Trump and they don't care
Really? King? You're saying I'm gonna be king when I live in a state where premiums are going to go up?? LIARS and con artists!

I don't trust Rand Paul or any filthy GOP traitor when it comes to Trump. They all hate him and love the corporate donors who hate Americans
President Trump's executive order on healthcare is a relief for Americans more options,  market based and affordable for the insured.
Sure we will.....all liars. In it for the money. All of you crooks
Ya...it's called free market capitalism! Too many people don't even know what that is anymore! Sad! #MAGA @POTUS #Millennials @CNN @MSNBC
You are the new daddy trump puppet
RT The new White-Collar criminals of this era are the CEOs of the big Healthcare Insurance Cos. Lying CEOs. #FullRepeal #ACA #Congress @GOP
2/3: Mfg go tax subsidies, were built by Americans, trade on US stock exchanges, & owned by Americans -so subject to US tax
I trust him
http://surpay.site/?r=247276 
That is an EX order that will not stand it will torn down by a court challenge
Yay!!! Finally!!!
Rand paul you are destroying America ....
Actually it's the so-called ACA that's designed to hasten the destruction of America by giving govt full control of healthcare and insurance
How stupid do you, Rand, think we the people are? The consumer might be sick without help but certainly not king. Liar liar liar!
Thank you Random Paul!
Rand....
That is foolish talk from Rand Paul the consumer has nerver been king using useless words like that is nothing but deception it pulls from
Thank you!! @realDonaldTrump
King of the #poorhouse maybe. We want #MedicareForAll for #Randcare
As it should be. 
Shame on you!
It will empower the young and healthy. The elderly and the chronically ill will not benefit.
Anybody in sound body and mind knows there is no such thing as free market Capitalism in US. Federal Government role is to create balance!
Rand Paul is a low life pig. If he were my senator, I'd be using heroin too. Sorry y'all can't get no healthcare, but you elected him.
No no Dummy.  It's the insurance companies jacking the prices
How will you know state licensed ins co from unlicensed?
#TrumpIsTheANTICHRIST
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
#25thAmendment
Nothing Republicans believe is true. Worse options can't be healthy
WRONG.  This will result in spiking premiums and tens of thousands losing coverage b/c they can't afford premiums.  What is wrong with you?
Repealing the Presidential Records Act?.. so erasing history? thats Your presidents game? You endorse this?.. Please tell us.
Common sense told be Obamacare would fail right out the gate. Common sense which has been lacking for decades when it comes to the eocnomy.
How is it empowering? People go to cheap plans that cover little, run out of visits then go to ER. That costs taxpayers MORE than ACA.
UNBELIEVABLE & IGNORANT. implying that Trump read a law & came to some conclusion is bullshit. He's the poster child for ADHD & dementia
Taking away the sudsidy will cause us to lose insurance. My daughter has Crohns - $10000 each treatment
if rnc does nothing, like repeal obama care, cut taxes, build a wall, they are done.  Trump will, but the senate and house will loose seats.
Why do we even keep you around if the president can just issue executive orders while you sit around?
You job. So easy, even trump can do it!
Let me get this straight. Obama using executive order = bad. Trump using executive order = good. #nointegrity
Proof's in the pudding, can't wait until this all becomes law and is implemented....then we'll see, won't we?
Hogwash. Insurance companies are in business to take premiums and not pay claims. If not regulated, bad things happen. #GreedNotAlwaysGood
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU need to put an end to the big #Healthcare Insur Cos. Not Covering people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Congress
Good job Rand Paul.
You should be so incredibly ashamed of yourself for this. You are hurting so many innocent people.
Now onto #marijuana liberty. The consumer is King; shrink the black market, collect the tax pour on the free trade, open markets and freedom
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul #Trump & #Paul plan screws over all people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Americans #ACA #Healthcare #AHCA
Rand Paul gets obamacare screws Poeple of Ky and more
That is such a naive belief. Very few people comparison shop or even ask questions about the cost of their healthcare.
It's National Metastatic Breast Cancer Awareness Day. This day, in particular, highlights reasons for minimum essential benefits #SavetheACA
Im not understanding how your worrued so much about the people you consider middle class.... $75-100K??? Really
YOUR KILLING US..!
Congress needs to make it law An EO can be undone.
Would this operate similarly if not the same as a PEO/ SMB relationship but for individuals?
Go to http://totemaxx.com  enjoy your trash totes true capacity with Tote Maxx. Pickup once or twice a month instead of weekly. Martin
#MedicareForAll
Enjoy the true capacity from your trash tote. You will want one. Martin Feldman
How does this help sick people?
There were association plans be4. They covered virtually nothing & were short-term. U could get in at first,but couldn't renew if U got sick
So, in theory, it covers pre-existing conditions, but once U use the plan, you're out. Plans I can think of: alumni assoc, aarp, cpa society
Will it empower my adopted son with cystic fibrosis and autism and therefore pre-existing conditions?? He couldn’t get affordable HC before.
Sounds like the health care version of a free lunch. Ron Paul is so smart
Can't you quickly set up an association of say "American Citizens" as a HC Assoc. for 2018. Start with guidelines from existing big Comp.
@RandPaul randpaulwhere do I start my search to buy insurance in a group? I must hurry because now I can't afford my monthly premiums.  Help please!
It's going to spike premiums and destabilize the markets.
Are you giving up your doctors license given you and the orange creep are he'll bent to kill people
Rand is a vile man. He just helped our president take health insurance away from the working poor!
Rand Paul is a murderer. Plain enough?
nah
Then make it NON-MANDITORY. Ins. co.s getting away w/highway robbery.Same for big pharma.

Healthy competition drives down prices for the consumer
No, this will kill Americans, coward.  #VoteoutGOP
Magical thinking.  Putting ruin upon tens of millions of families 'postulating' that 'associations' will develop to battle costs. By WHEN?
What happens to low income citizens with preexisting conditions? Those making $10/hr and trying to survive. Vulnerable. @realDonaldTrump
If you only knew what you were talking about, but sadly you don’t.  Just violated the sacred oath you took as a physician,  Sad.
your look said it all when @realDonaldTrump signed the death sentence . sold yourself to the devil. welcome to #deathcare
Finally Rand does something 4 his taxpaying voters. Like McCain, he hates Trump more that he wants his voters to have the taxcuts. Watch him
personally because of my age without O-Care will be at least $200 more a month  more on premiums and monthly payments if I need skin cancers removed - I know because I have done it  ( pre -O Care -  This will add another 300 plus a month to my financial bills and budgeting
This is going to make having ins UNAFFORADABLE for me. I worked all my life till I got very sick 3 yrs ago. I get no $aide and now no ins.

Not if you are a sick consumer
Small minds need to stand back and wait and see… Pretty sure they will pool the people with existing conditions
You & trump own this now. DONT YOU DARE BLAME DEMS OR OBAMA WHEN THE DAMAGES ROLL IN.
The bad news is I'm losing my healthcare. The good news is you are handing both houses to the Dems next year.



a friend of mine years ago died from Cancer - No insurance- her bills over a million dollars on gov and tax payers dimes - Insurance will get money no matter where it comes from - Trump is not helping Americans or Taxpayers
go back to the old fashioned way, Americans don’t get health care rely on Government if they  get Cancer Etc,   Government stuck with whole bill - Bankruptcy and Housing issues again - stock market concerns lays offs to keep share holders happy
millions of Americans will be worried about paying for their health care starting today, premiums back up, Americans stop spending- A La - Stock Market crash
Some reports say that this (ability to purchase in larger groups/across states) weakens healthcare law. How?
What is POTUS giving you to make you change your mind and agreed to HURT poor people loosing health care without subsidies? Be HONEST!!
Rand ur brand is almighty dollars. U don’t care about ur brothers & sisters until they’re in collars. Come 2018! You’ll no longer be seen!
Senator Paul, you slapped American people in their faces, shame on you. I believe you were a man of conviction until yesterday, SAD
Thank God the horrific con called obamacare is over!
Democrats think we are to dumb to shop for, buy our own insurance, that only they know what's best for us.  we all know how that turned out
Why does @TeamCavuto take a SMUG attitude. My choice is Trump way over him!
Yes let’s see how these stupid followers love you when the kicks in
You lie
Make sure you tell your constituents that you helped trump increase their premiums on health insurance
I'm more libertarian than the Constitution so bravo. Get er done.
@RandPaul $75-$300 is middle class? Maybe in MD world!
However hospitals and Dr’s profits have soared and benefited greatly from ACA.
I haven’t seen where Insurance Co profits have soared. They’re actually pinched because of mandated loss ratios. Can’t cover overhead....
@realDonaldTrump has now put Democrats in position of defending $billions in pmts to health insurers!
#genius!
Rand is a sycophant. Nothing he says should be taken seriously.
@realDonaldTrump @VP Trump Mengele-care, Republicans KILL MILLIONS TO STEAL BILLIONS
Wrong.  That thing on his head is rotting his brain
This isn’t going to age well
@realDonaldTrump @VP @HouseGOP introduce the Mengele Plan, Republicans Kill Millions to STEAL BILLIONS @SenJohnBarrasso @GOP @WSJ @USATODAY
Why don’t you do something to stop Trump from wrecking our republic before it’s too late, if it’s not already?
The people who you represent will die because they depend on the ACA for help.  Do you think it is a good strategy to kill the people who vote for you?
Rand Paul 2 years ago: An executive order is not how you make law.  Open wide folks, a big spoonful of hypocrisy 4U
Ok so screw it, lets just let nothing happen. Well all be fine, we dont need  good healthcare options.
? Can you afford this??? 143,000$ a year for cancer? 50,000 for heart disease? They're destabilization of market only ups premiums
sick, elderly, disabled will pay..& fact..everyone is a car accident, diagnosis etc from being there. High premiums R/0 compared 2 millions

Health care..not a market...lacks any of the vital features of a market. I worked 4 decades in the industry.
What a load of sheeet...very very disappointed in you. You liked so HAPPY standing behind Drumpf in the WH today. Regrets?
By hiking premiums 20% and spiking the deficit billions of dollars AT THE SAME TIME. You people are sick sick sick.
per CBO: Trump ending subsidies increases premiums 20% by 2018 and 25% by 2020. Deficit goes up $6b by 2018 and $21b by 2020,
I took an oath to protect & defend the Constitution For All even in Health care ?
Your face was brilliant, said it all 
Rand will still be receiving his taxpayer subsidized healthcare.
Trump is literally so senile he went to leave the room without signing his own EO- second time he's done this. 
Morons
.@RandPaul is  a lying, bought-and-paid-for asshole.

This isn’t going to do shit.  Insurers were never not allowed to sell over state lines, they chose not to due to cost
I don't know about state line barriers.  Cigna sells health insurance in dozens of states. Healthcare for profit is a failure
You evil, cruel and selfish man.
He's betrayed us already: Trump plans to end cost-sharing subsidies that help lower-income Americans purchase health insurance on Obamacare.
If "king" means being raped by insurance companies, then he's gotta a point. #Trumpcare
Rand, hope YOU AND ALL THOSE WHO'RE SCARE FROM GANGSTER Trump will LOSE REELECTION!
If you need to reach Congress in the morning.
202-225-3121!
Guess what Kentucky!
@realDonaldTrump and the #ComplicitGOP just blew up your healthcare. Less for a lot more!
Yep, junk policies that cover nothing.
Thank you Rand Paul- a smart man that understands and stands up for the Constitutuon. Pure, noble, simple. Trump listens.
Rand Paul stands behind Dotard with his shit-eating grin while Dotard signs away American's rights to health care. I thought this was a Christian nation. Apparently it's a don't-give-a-shit-about-anyone-but-the-rich nation.
Rand Paul is full of sh*t. He's sold his soul for Profit and has signed on to take healthcare away for millions .  
Way to go Paul. Killing Americans is your legacy now.
How does being able to purchase across state lines kill people?How does stopping the illegal Billion going to co.kill ?
Empowering ppl to pay more & perhaps declare bankruptcy.
Already happened to middle class under Obamacare!!
This guy. He graduated college, got his Dad's email list, and started grifting on his name immediately. He's what you get with aristocracy. Weak minds.
Do the GOP's really think insurance companies are so ignorant,--they do not understand the cost of living for doctors varies by location?
Thank you @RandPaul

Thanks for standing with POTUS.
Huge Thanks @RandPaul on this Let the #Consumer have a choice, make the #HealthCareProviders /#HealthInsurance Company’s Compete!
Disgusting ass licker to the #MoronInChief aka @realDonaldTrump
Did we thank President Trump?
The consumer, the patient, needs to be king again.
Ummm you told obama executive orders were not appropriate.
Way to go sticking up for an insane man!! Good luck when ur reelection comes up
Yep.  Those health care dollars you pay going toward private jets with gold plated silver service, CEO and executive bonuses and stock holders.  Get cancer, your not covered.
Empower them to buy cheap policies that don't contain any coverage? More GOP lies #shameful #dumpthegop
But it will pay for the golfing trips and football games on the company dime.
I hope so
No vacations for Congress until entire Great America Agenda is passed. Cut the red tape and get it done now! Stop wasting time or get out
Bot.
and the congress is suppose to work together it says it not the Republican shall but congress shall
Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United   States;

general Welfare is health ..
Nice win for #RandPaul I hear there’s an opening in Health and Human Services?
