Here is an exposition of my civic-based, Republican health care reform:
http://johnsonvillepress.com/2009/07/fatherly-governance-carl-peter-klapper/ …
Government is not daddy. Free people don't have health controlled by bureaucrats. #UnitedForFreedom #FullRepeal
You might try reading an article instead of spouting a bunch of arrogant nonsense about it.
You might try thinking like a Republican instead of spouting socialist garbage
I am a Republican, therefore I think like one.
Pls fight for getting govt out of our short hairs it's been devastating
Don't ever give in to the RINOS Rand!  Stand with WE THE PEOPLE.  #UnitedforFreedom!
I like your ideas, implement them. So much waste in HC.
Rand, please help WE THE PEOPLE!  #REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED!  #UnitedforFreedom!
Do DC elitists think voters will believe TWEAKING Obamacare/ADDING cost to it w/handouts can be passed off as REPEAL? @GOPHouse @NRSC @POTUS
Just stop trying to control our vaginas
LOLNobody is interested in V in that way! If you guys/ladies could be polite, nice, kind, & reasonable, I'd have voted for Hillary!
You are so anxious to give your wealthy cronies lower taxes you are willing to give death sentence to Americans   struggling with preX shame
I know you'd prefer not to $help weak & sick, but . Try figuring why other top nations have cheaper HC with better outcome. Go there! 
All are "covered" in some of these systems but there's a lot of scarcity, and decreased access & that hurts the "weak" like everyone else.
we need a single payer, we need lower Rx prices, They need dr. & hospitals etc, to except payments as payments in full. Healthcare cost 2 hi
Don't care what you do as long as insurance is affordable to age 50's. Haven't had insurance since ACA. 2000 a mont for a couple to much
how the hell were you at 2k a month? I mean, ACA is bad, for me was from 188 to 208. but 2k?
I'm in AZ cost for my husband and myself. Its rediculous
Yep, we're in AZ too & for us to get meaningful coverage it would have been 3K/mo.  So no insurance for us.  Thk you Obama & progressives!
Thank you for bringing this fiasco of republican Obamacare lite to our attention. Now to barrow @tedcruz Dr.Suees filibuster Planned P.
Healthcare reform? It's unconscionable that you congressmen have exempted yourselves from the healthcare program.
#FullRepeal #NoDeals Vote NO to AHCA #UnitedForFreedom
Thank you for standing your ground.  The minority is a great place to be today. #morals #UnitedForFreedom
Your state which has a high opioid problem. Some programs funded through aca will get cut and force those back to this horrible problem.
Are legal citizens paying for illegals?
Thank you!
Do you know exactly how many people from your state will be kicked off insurance that got insurance from ACA?
This new hralthcare plan is horrible for Americans! I'm shocked you think it's a great thing! It's a fail. It's worse than the previous.
does it allow cross state lines purchasing power, much lower premiums?
How many people there wanted to have the same health insurance as members of Congress?
#StandWithRand
First step is to dismantle the insurance companies and their onerous control of patients and doctors alike. Repeat McCarran-Ferguson Act now
EMPTY YOUR VOICEMAIL/IN-BOX. Your constituents have messages for you. So frustrating. Aren't you supposed to be representing us?
THANK YOU @RandPaul THANK YOU @freedomcaucus 
GREAT 2 FINALLY SEE! LONG LONG LONG OVERDUE!
#ResignRyan #FireRyan #MAGA
Can you name one successful market based,  for profit Healthcare system that is working anywhere in the world? @RandPaul
Of course he can't (unless he lies which is not outside the realm of possibility), there are none. The man is a sham.
You need to focus on investigating the dump and Russia or we will focus on ousting you.
Is there any more empty phrase than "patient centered"
Association healthcare plans!  Thank you for fighting Rand Paul!
All the talk is good but one day you still have to make a decision that will work,it may not be perfect but you need to do something 
How about asking those who it affects the most instead of those who profit from it? Talk to the PEOPLE.
Look how much we save patients on meds! #directprimarycare
My practice saves 80-90% on healthcare by eliminating 3rd parties http://www.bluegrassfamilywellness.com 
#directprimarycare is working well in Crestwood
Sen Paul voice of the people and as unchanging as a face of granite rock, keep the high ground senator, you will prevail
Have a town hall and ask Kentuckians what they want. 
Its good to see at least one Senator going to the source to get input on how to fix Healthcare in America!
can we talk about loosening accreditation for residency and medical graduates as well, allowing market based training?
Working on it gotta love him
When have you scheduled a town hall to discuss the details? Your constituents are eager to hear your plan. #townhall
Hope you've economists and actuaries in the mix!!
Always at the business table while refusing to hold public Town Halls with your constituents.
blah blah blah. Do your jobs!
My wife got food poisoning. ER bill for, three hours, two bags of saline and some meds 7K! SEVEN GRAND?
We need universal healthcare where no one profits off the suffering of fellow citizens. No healthcare dollars going to profits and the 1%
Before Nixon, it was illegal to profit off of health care in the US.  Every issue is NOT a for profit company to be explited!
Where is the health care bill?
How many in that round table believe in the need to keep government out of our health. Once they have their data base of our health records
What will happen when the libs come back into power.  They will be making our health care decisions. This should scare you!
Keep up the good work
all talk, no action???
Today I had to tell a widowed senior citizen her meds cost 3600.00 for one month! Don't make it worse! #medicared sucks!
Keep the fight up Rand we're counting on you in this time of uncertainty
Get govt out of healthcare.
We have to repeal this Obamacare it is a government overreach on American people.  Please help us!!!!
& by Obamacare, you mean the thing that Congress wants to take away from us, but keep for themselves? That's really all you need to know.
#FullRepeal and market-based reform is the best solution.
Don't push healthcare, just let it die. Our premiums are insane. Paid another $6k yesterday. I want our old system back!
Yes, rather than fix the problem, let people die. Nice
Health care is too expensive for all but rich or those on medicare/medicaid. Why? Hospitals and drug companies charge so much.
'the power of Lobbyists is correct answer. $$$=power
Also is why our food is contaminated with pesticides, hormones, drugs, GM, hvy metals.
Rand, what will it take to get full repeal? All of the dealings
are looking like shell games, not benefitting our ppl.
You are a Dr. get it together, put a plan together and submit it.  If you don't Ryan is going to keep kissing Ins. Co. butts
Get insurance companies out of healthcare!
First get 'government' out of healthcare.
Gov is often the primary problem, not a long-term solution.
Gov healthcare is SOCIALISM
Medicaid and Medicare are gov't funded. People who are on it like it. It's the insurance companies that charge way too much so gov steps in
We want universal single-payer health care. Why are you so tone deaf on this?
You could quit work and join Medicaid if that's what you want. Most good doctors won't even take it anymore. Horrible patient care.
When is your town hall?
Dear Senator Rand, if you would like me to call on any physicans please give me a ring.I'd be happy to lend a hand
Our families are hurting with the high costs and lack of health choices-Forget about yourself and think about hurting Americans please!
Your D.C. fax machine is turned off. You are working really hard: hiding from your constituents.
Should have invited @SpeakerRyan
Shouldn't you be in DC ?working
Too much talking and not enough action... Let's pull the trigger on this already! See what the opposition will negotiate with.
This is great but does Trump even plan to entertain any proposal you come up with?
Market is great mechanism to find fair prices & prioritize distribution of resources,but human life is priceless and market is a psychopath
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!!!!!!
Were their any private citizens not employed by the government, bug pharma, or insurance present? If not, it's just a business meeting
please lord make this happen
POTUS must forcefully push House vote on current Health Plan. Reps voting against should face Primary. If HC doesn't pass OUT-Ryan/McCarthy.
Alternative natural and holistic healthcare works better in non accident situations
Someone is going to have to start an insurance company independent of the federal government.
Glad you are looking into this! Having great success with co-ops! Thanks for checking these out,I'm very interested to hear your findings.
Maybe you should talk to some Kentuckians on Medicaid, instead, or people who have preexisting conditions.
A single payer system will work with a flat tax ie 10% of pay for all
Would love to speak to you about the impact employer sponsored primary care clinics can have.
Rand, an example why we need to elliminate insurance monopolies & enact true competition on Med's & Insurance:

https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/news/articles/2015-12-29/the-price-keeps-falling-for-a-superstar-gilead-drug-in-india …
Please address Price sensitivity, collusion between insurance companies and healthcare industry, price discrimination, monopolies...
GOP cannot pass health insurance reform because they know it takes ins from millions of trump supporters = huge losses in 2018 tell truth
I'm from Texas senator...but I see you working tirelessly for your constituents...pretty cool...keep it up
His constituents don't feel that way
nowhere on the planet is there market based health insurance that = only wealthy have insurance and employer provided and high premiums
I believe that is the future and you are a unique person to lead fight in Senate
thats rich market based patient centered healtcare = unaffordable insurance call it what it is sen Paul Wealthcare massive tax cut for rich
A question:how is your plan guaranteeing (anything less is non-starter) non-discrimination of the people with pre-existing condition? 
Thank you for being proactive
Market-based & patient-centred are mutually exclusive.
Market based health care! The thing that The People have been dreaming about for all their lives.
This New Mexican support your efforts, Sen. Paul!
I guess there are no people of color in Louisville *shrug* #ASeatAtTheTable
They probably felt that 2 token women was all the diversity they could handle.
"Patient centered" is @SpeakerRyan code word for you are on your own, no dr. so patient takes care of him/herself. Pick another phrase.
That meeting should be with @realDonaldTrump @VP
Solution is simple: health insurance just like Medicare, privately sold/bought, all in same pool. Want 'A', buy it. Want 'B', buy it too, C,
#FullRepealThenCallItADay
Looks like more of a long rectangle :)
#RepealAndReplace
Won't happen but thanks for playing it will likely be repeal replace at same time libertarians a small regional group
Why and alas Breitbart was a tiny voice in wilderness once, Sen Paul is a hallmark of integrity and liberty is never a bad thing
