Special prosecutor now #ComeyFiring #lighttreason
Comey was fired because he was doing a terrible job. He wanted to expand government and spy on all Americans. Is this what you want?
Those honored veterans arriving in DC just as Trump kisses & hugs the Russians! That is offensive to those brace soldiers.
And kiss your Obamacare or Medicate goodbye your a disgrace not a doctor can't wait to see you voted out!
Obamacare is nothing but a pain in everyone's ass
It's sad for us to see our Vets with you doing the fake we care bit. U don't care & they know it. 
Worse yet, u all are traitors 2 Country
Senator, you will be going down with Trump I thought you are a Libertarian but I am constantly proven wrong you're a Wanna be Libertarians
Actually he's defending democracy. He makes a better case than you idiots crying Russia if he even makes a case that you don't agree with
Lov you Rand Paul n our vets. Grannie T
Making a list of Senators who have protected Trump/Russia... guess who's on it? I hope you get voted out and remembered for ur obstruction.
My father is a WWII veteran & a huge Trump supporter. 96 years old and can't believe what the democrats want to do to our country.  Sad!
thank you....please stay on the unmasking issues surrounding you & others. its vital we get to the bottom of this issue. Freedom demands it.
Don't change the subject. No regular governance until the appt of ind commission into Trump administration's Russia ties.
@rainperry Have some respect for our Veterans. @RandPaul does. This is why he is thrilled to welcome them.
I have the ultimate respect for our veterans, which is one reason why it's vital that we learn if the administration colluded with an enemy.
I promise you, most veterans stand behind Trump. They don't want to see the country they fought & died for destroyed by the dems
Ya I know. Evn my bro said every1 he knew in the army were kinda nervous on election day, praying tht Hillary didn't win. I'm gld it worked.
These men defended you. Now you must perform the duties that you swore an oath to do and defend their rights. Call for an ind investigation
Shut up already. No one gives a damn about Russia interference because it's nothing but a witch hunt.
.it is honourable for them since served the United States.
Attended a couple of Honor Flights at FLL. What a heartening experience!
Thank you for your service and imma take away you're healthcare
Do they know you are selling out our democracy?
Do you know that you're over exaggerating right now?
ask them what you should do about the Russia Inves.- they risked their lives for our democracy
Since when is talking to Russia a bad thing? Now I'm not defending Putin but you guys are over exaggerating something so small
A MENTALLY SICK @POTUS is a CLEAR & PRESENT DANGER @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @senjudiciary  @FBI @USDOD
@POTUS IS UNFIT  TO LEAD.
When you shake their hands, remember they do not qualify for the same Caregiver Benefit OIF/ORF #vets have received since 2010. #DIVIDE
How can you look that man in the eyes while you help kill him
"I hope these guys don't realize I may be culpable in aiding treason. I could lose votes over that."
No confidence in u or trust in uanymore! Your actions are very telling that you would obstruct justice and protect someone that's a traitor
We need free market solutions to health care. We are not against universal health care just the mandate of force behind it.
Take a real stand in your career for them you mouthpiece... sit down until you're ready to do your job or until re-election comes around
ThankYou!!
you're not protecting the constitution. You're protecting yourself and President Trump. I used to support you. U & McConnell are traitors.
You gave the country, constiutation, democracy the middle finger to condone @POTUS meeting w/ russians at the WH today.  ZERO confidence!
So Russians infiltrating the White House No Problem? Hillary's emails End of the World #trumprussia #treason
I do thank you and I love you for your sacrifice and your service
Need a Term limits amendment to drain the swamp.
Yes we do!
Thank you for our Veterans in name the Nation. Thank you for your valentia
I hope you listen to the vets about the sacrifices they made for this country. Don't flush it away!
#fraudpaul @POTUS threatens our great nation and you pile onto #comey for shame sir.  For shame.
Yes Mr Paul loving our American Soldiers!  God Bless!
Sen. Rand Paul keep talking people are listening! Bravo!
GOP what if u & your wrong? R U willing 2 gamble on your grandkids future. Reagan said "trust but verify," did U forget, verify? Investigate
Thank you for supporting us. 
Always a Huge Thank You for Your Service because not many will write a Blank Check for our Freedoms.
Mr. Paul, I'm reaching out because I hope your decent& care about this country, please keep pressing for investigation. Do the right thing.
Thank you for all you do for our amazing state
Thank you all Thxu #StandWithRand
And the Motherland thanks you for yours.
