#Creation_Of_Nature 
God has decended on the earth from heaven. The main motive of this human life is the devotion of God Kabir by taking initiation from True saint. He is in India.
GOD doesn't take blasphemy lightly. Be careful.
This is not blasphemy.
This is the truth.
Even Nostradamus, Florence and number of other Foretellers have made prophecies about Sant Rampalji maharaj being incarnated in India.

Hahahaha, that would be Trump

What's the best way to hide a GPS ankle bracelet when wearing a pantsuit? Asking for a friend.
#FlyHillaryFly
This is rich coming from you, Hillary Clinton. One of the worst criminals in American history, who used the SOS to enrich her family via multiple pay for play deals. And that's just the start - now you have no power left, America will learn of your crimes. You're 100% exposed.

Waiting for call to hang


Your corruption!
Did you mean *You're*? Cause I personally have nothing to do with corruption.....Or are you blindly accusing me of having something to do with it? Or are you referring to @HillaryClinton? Still would be correct to say *you're*. Complete sentences will help a great deal.
You misunderstood!  I support @realDonaldTrump
I was just highly confused on the way you worded it. That is why I asked so many questions. I wanted to be clear. America thanks you for your support!
Yes I do stand for Trump always!
God bless you!!
When is your mafia, corrupted, crooked, lying, criminal self be indicted already?!?!?!
look hillary....your new home....they named it just for you...
@HillaryClinton You sir (or madam), are what they call an ass.  I'm from the UK, and I can tell you that the US is a laughing stock right now.  Trump has lowered the office of the presidency so much, that the UK government don't even want him to come here!! #Loser
U cannot speak 4 other countries We, who are awake, know who clinton is all too well. Stop listening 2 UR liberal media - THEY'RE LYING 2 U-exactly like ours does. UR government is letting UR country B taken over. U'll be an Islamic state in less than 10 years if U don't WAKE UP
 Somebody has been watching Fox News a little too much. 
here's your 'religion of peace'...the killing has been going on for centuries, all in the name of 'allah' https://www.thereligionofpeace.com/attacks/attacks.aspx?Yr=Last30 …

Great - the State department does need a lot of righting after you screwed it up
Why are you not indicted & imprisoned yet ?!?!?!
People die
He dies without knowing it.
After that, the world is eternal.
Jesus blood
I have so much respect for Hillary, I have absolutely 'ZIP for @realDonaldTrump.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
As long as @HillaryClinton is OUT,things will right themselves
Clinton’s did make the money rounds.
#ReleaseTheMemo
O well he's so good deceiving & so much more. The FBI will prove ur supposed to be president. But he didn't want the truth be known only his falsehood. No wonder he attacks the FBI. In 2018 the truth will be known and u'd become president as u should be so.
Must read:
Really funny.....over a year later & ya all still think Trump colluded with the Russians?
Talk about hypocrite!
Says the people that pushed for 8.. yes 8 individual and special investigation into Hillary's emails.. when again she spoke for over 24 hrs in all without pleading the 5th once or "I do not recall"ing one time for 3 1/2 going on 4 years. 
No need to plead the 5th if you lie.
U mean having nothing to hide.... Guess you can not recall what it's like to be a civilized person
Tell me Killary, why are you being treated above the law with white gloves, while a military person gets a harsh punishment for taking some innocent pics inside submarine to show friends & family, as you walk free with the gall that you have?!
Yeah, the HRC State Dept clan had their chance to destroy the world, and they tried their damnedest to do so. They can now sit back and watch true Americans try to save us from all the destruction they wrought.
#ChristmasEve2018
THIS is for Janice!
#MerryResistmas
More like this!
Remind me who is being investigated by the top 20 Lawyers in America & the FBI?
Go ON...I'll be having coffee with the REAL POTUS-HILLARY CLINTON!
Is #TraitorTrump still golfing?
Apparently it's Hillary Clinton


goods
I watched the Election in 2016. U won but I found out that Donald Trump replaced u falsely as president. Why is is falsehood allowed to continue? Ur the Actual president not him.
It's not him, It's you.
Easy:
1: Admit to his Treason
2: Implicate 45 and the rest of the regime that are in on it
3: Resign
Lol. Ruuuuuussia
#releasethememo

Weird.  here's other sources for the story.
https://www.thedailybeast.com/hungarian-police-have-arrest-warrant-out-for-sebastian-gorka …
http://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/369548-sebastian-gorka-has-an-active-warrant-for-his-arrest-in-hungary …
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2018/01/18/former-trump-aide-sebastian-gorka-listed-as-wanted-on-hungarian-police-website/?utm_term=.5abf6eac3023 …
Trump supporters are Weak on reality.

Explain where 6 billion went to? Name one country former boss made better? Libya is now selling black men. How did the reset button work. How many times did HRC say, about Syria, all options on the table, & something red lines, you mean with a crayon? Stay away Rex. Dong fine.
By covering for the clintons??
Nothing is clinton.  Small c nothing nada zilch. She is a traitor.  Only thing she did is treason.   Those she left behind will soon b exposed
Only if you want the world to explode

@Google  Hi Google, i report a fraud site that is stealing money from users, they claim to have  products however it's a fraud, it's domain is "https://download-geek.com/ "  i asked for a refund but never got it, take action …
She grew, expanding the dept, thus she could claim she had no idea what was going on. She was a,poor manager of personnel. Delegation, is not leadership, when you are asleep at the wheel. Fillets in was CEO, and knows how to get more with less.
Surly you don’t think that Tillerson is taking suggestions from the corrupt Clinton machine do ya?
Must read:
Rank and File KNOW about Hillary Clinton.
and i think hillary will take down obama with her
well i think Hillary will have some jail time and i think she will be taking a few of you all with her
hold on,..you mean you guys did nothing to save the lives for the american's at that embassy and your play book is what Rex should use. winning wars and business have the same principles now i see what is really wrong with this nation

Get rid of the Clinton Bush OBama holdovers?
I can't believe What they are going to you. Wasting tax payers money on stupid stuff. I'm sorry!!!
Why would Tillerson want advice from the people he's aggressively removing from the State Department?
I am thrilled beyond words that hundreds of people at Dept of State who 'understand the nuances of complex geopolitical dynamics' and are responsible for destroying Libya, are leaving! Good job T.Rex @StateDept!
A must read from a former Clinton SD deputy? Think not.
By keeping HRC the hell away from the State Department
That’s rich. Someone who ran a multi billion $ company does not understand organizational mgmt as well as a political hack with no org experience?
What a phony story. They are lawyered up by the THOUSANDS!

He's a low as trump imo, just in a different way
 Don’t forget to donate! 
https://www.judicialwatch.org/press-room/press-releases/judicial-watch-new-clinton-emails-uncovered-reveal-additional-mishandling-classified-information/ … @HillaryClinton sold us out to the highest bidder
Wishful thinking
#LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Omg. Last thing he needs to do is listen crooked hillary.  Benghazi ring a bell?
Like you rigged your Primary and made up The Trump Russian story?
Hell do just fine, thank you for the advice. Ill remember that when i need to take advice from someone who has done little to improve anything that I might need advise on. @realDonaldTrump
Oh this is hilarious. Had we wanted your inept policies and corruption we’d have voted for you. #Delusional
The Huffpo article is amusing.  The only reason Clinton would set that up would be to get around rules and work on her part.  It isnt like it was planned out by an honest person.



YOU MEAN FEEL IT UP ?
It's not a must-read. In 2018, stop making the nonsensical assumption that this administration wants to do the right thing but can't. They don't want anyone's advice. Whatever the motivation, they are succeeding in the endeavor to drive the federal government into the ground.
Did they ever find the 6 billion that went missing under Hillary's watch? Thanks, but Rex is doing just fine.

Must read:  Former Clinton deputies: How Rex Tillerson can right the State Department.
Yeah that’s what we want advice from child molesters and rapists!
You mean right the wrongs of the Obama Administration and Hillary’s mess.  President Trump will make America Great Again dont you worry.
Yea, because Hydrogen Hillary and Kerry are people to take advice from...

Solid idea...

Let the heads of the western and eastern countries close the embassies and #diplomatic ties of the Islamic Republic's terrorist organization and expel the #terrorists. It is only a way of protecting the #Iranian people and…

meh. 

Clinton used the state department as a stepping stone for her own goals (becoming president), not necessarily the country’s. 

not saying Rex is doing anything right - he’s inept and isolated and won’t be employed much longer.
We will not forget how bravely and successful you were in your position and the role you assumed as Secretary of State.
LMAO,, nothing you can pull out of your trick rabbit hat will stop #DrainingTheSwamp and we will soon see #LockHerUp completed
Neither Hillary Clinton nor Barack Obama should pretend to care about human (or animal) rights; they are warmongering profiteers.  #AFG #IRQ #LIB #PAK #SOM #SYR #YEM #Haiti #Honduras #Colombia #Iran and on and on….

foolish jorge still trying to back a failed Clinton.
UhOh Hill- have you been noticing in the past few weeks?  Your friend's google bots aren't keeping up and people are waking.. Tick Tock. There is no 'too old to jail' in GITMO.  Hear they're busy lately.
#followthewhiterabbit  #TheStorm  


Why would I read anything written by a crooked #ClintonCrimeFamily Associate?  No thanks

Yep, by erasing all of Obufus' doings!
I one wants to take a page from your former boss but swamp swimmers, dem or GOPe.

Classified Huma Abedin Emails Found On Anthony Weiner's Laptop Discussing Hamas, Israel And Palestinian Authority https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-12-29/state-department-releases-2800-clinton-emails-many-which-were-classified-found … 
You can Squirm, you can lie & you can even try to decive us again @HillaryClinton ...
But we on to you now & your days are numbered!
Justice will catch up with you.
The huffington.. lol. What a joke
"accuse the other side of that which you are guilty”
#@HillaryClinton
Look what Clinton is doing with all the cash you fools gave her. Clinton paid aide Huma Abedin nearly $65G from campaign funds since defeathttp://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/08/21/clinton-paid-aide-huma-abedin-nearly-65k-from-campaign-funds-since-defeat.html
Yeah, good luck with that! Tillerson had NO backbone whatsoever!!! He's with Trump, despite the optics, and Trump's with Putin. End of story, America's NIGHTMARE! IMPEACH Trump's crazy *ss and hold EVERYONE, incl., GOP accountable!!!
Can we stop the @HillaryClinton retweets... you husband is a massive cheater and you lost an election you should have won.....#awful.....move on to Arkansas.  How is roger btw......
Maybe he doesn’t need to fill the 34 positions that are so called “Vacant “ Because they were all unnecessary? Maybe the 10 doing the job actually work and do the same as the 44 you needed? We all know nothing or no one was held accountable in the administration so.....
No, TRUMPS appointees do not need ANY ADVICE from anyone associated with the career criminal Clinton's.

Hillary is a criminal
Yet the liars in this administration, repugs in Congress, and their minions have the audacity to blame the Dems for holding up the confirmation process.
The huffington... enough said. What a joke
Maybe he should give away uranium rights in exchange for $30M in his foundation and a $500k speech for his wife...oh wait that was already done by u  #LockHerUp #MAGA #SoreLooserHillary
He won't. He's Russian owned just like @realDonaldTrump
Hillary is getting more and more unpopular. @ChelseaClinton do your family a favor and tell your mom that she needs to disappear. Her constant nonsense is just going to ruin your life more than it is already:
@HillaryClinton New Year resolution!
Maybe it's time for Hillary Clinton to take up a new hobby in 2018 
