
Iran should B left alone.
Reza Shah Pahlavi was The American Stooge but he was Ousted by the Ayatollah.
DJT could Not Stop K J Un B’cause of China & Russia. Another Rogue Country Pakistan too has the Nuke, so why Not Iran? They R more cultured. Nothing 2 B scared of!
https://truepundit.com/busted-clinton-allies-paid-firm-700k-women-whod-accuse-trump-sexual-misconduct-week-election/ … it keeps getting better and better
Wow never thought the day would come when I would agree with you Hillary. The thought might be more genuine had you not funded the regime but I’ll go with it.


Russia bot get along I smell bullshit
When y'all say this shit are you saying you literally believe that Russia is behind criticism of Clinton's foreign policy or are you just shitposting?
Proven fact most is and was
Incidentally, when legitimate activists protesting their governments receive the endorsement of US pols-- esp ones who have publicly declared themselves proud to have "the Iranians" as enemies-- lend credibility to the regime's inevitable claim that the protesters are US stooges.
In other words, the OP is making it easier for theocrats in Iran to make the kinds of accusations you're casually tossing around on twitter dot com
You are a world class embarrassment, please stop talking!
There are other country it people needs freedom too. The likes of Biafra in Nigeria.
I hope so too. Our President is trying to take away our freedom, so we must fight here as well.
What country are you from honey
@HillaryClinton You should move there and never come back.... That would make America Great Forever
That's for sure Awesome Hillary Clinton.
Why don’t you move there and give them the benefit of your wisdom
Ummmmm so are citizens of of USA. We the people!
I was just wondering if you have ever read and believe in what the bible says? I have been seriously rethinking my actions since they found Noah's arc exactly as described in the bible. You know what Jesus says happens to people like you in the afterlife. TICK TOCK TICK TOCK PRAY
That's for sure we will have to pray for all people's there
You only care about HRC and most of America knows it. You have become a pathetic character.
Aw
Why aren’t you in prison yet?
Oh please, you don’t care one iota for the Iranian people. Obama gave the mullahs hundreds of millions to ensure they kept their people oppressed. Where were you then?
dear Hillary, please help us to get 24 hour coverage by the media. Help the Iranian people finally help themselves. And we need satellites for Internet access.
You need to donate cost of satellites +30%. You will need to donate millions to Foundation and at least two $500,000 speaking engagements for Bill and two $300,000 for Hillary. And a Foundation office in Iran with operating costs and salary for Chelsea. Then you can discuss it.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
Oh go sell them some more Uranium butthole
You need to go away, forever, you and the DNP gave us Trump
And what a blessing that is That's the only good thing that came out of the 2016 election was #Trump 
#KAG
We need to worry about are country let all the Middle East deal with there own issues, waste of money. Go Trump
That's so very self centered of you Jeremy

Yikes
Maybe you can take a position in their government.......
They wouldn't let her work in shackles and handcuffs
Quality response. I love you!
I agreed with you
Bot
Yeah sure, Hillary. You're a real supporter of the Iranian people. That's why you're defending Obama's deal with the mullahs in October 2017: 

http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/hillary-clinton-trumps-rebuke-of-iran-nuclear-deal-a-major-mistake/article/2637548 …

Enjoy jail, you criminal. #Gitmo
FDT
This is how a President is supposed to respond! Love to @HillaryClinton
You do realize Donald Trump is your president?  Hillary is a lying crook. Go put on your pink hat and scream at the sky   We dealt with Barry for 8 yrs. you can suck it up for 8 yrs or go to your safe place. The adults are in charge now 
Why did you sell them uranium? @HillaryClinton
1. It was a joint decision. "She" didn't do anything.
2. It's nowhere near the grade/purity required for weaponry.
3. Russia may own it, but they cannot remove it from North America. They cannot even refine it. 

Crap info in = crap info out.
“I will find a way to defend my Memaw no matter HOW MUCH money she steals.” —Human Democrat Centipede, Crap In, Crap Out. @La_Bynx
The “Russia Uranium” story has been debunked so many times, you’re just embarrassing yourself, Nick.
No, punkin. You’re quoting Shepard Smith to me, loser? You’re the one embarrassing himself.  @gmpadis @La_Bynx
I'm quoting facts. You're repeating a lie without any support. You're also just name calling, a dead giveaway for stupidity.
Quote the “lie” he repeated. She did approve selling the uranium rights. That happened. It’s not a lie.
Sure. It is a lie to say that Hillary Clinton received a cash payment from Russia in exchange for uranium. Period.

Give it up no one cares what you have to say except all those who drank the cool aide
This is the same Iran you promised to attack within the next 10 years? Seems if you want something for Iran, it's not exactly good for Iran.
Do you mean the same freedom you called for Libyans and Iraqis ??!!!
Hope ?? That’s all you got ? That’s why your living in NY
Oh, please, give me a break! When protests broke out in Iran eight years ago, you and your boss said nothing, and cared about nobody! #hypocrite
Are planning the same treatment you gave the Libyan people for them?
Se viene una azonada. Golpista porque a todo chile no los representa   hasta cuando  con estos  ladrones  si nadie los  quiere  que  se. Vay
Who cares what a two time loser thinks?
The United States is wrong for even suggesting how foreign countries run their government set an example with the way we treat our people then you can say what's wrong or what's right four people
Your absolutely right.  We should rewrite our tax codes so that they don’t favor any class of people...poor or rich. We shouldn’t be giving tax breaks to families with kids; we are just encouraging more of them.
I hope so too
Gag me with a spoon!! Yuk

They revolted one before and you and Obama ignored them. Actually made a deal with Iran. Hillary = Traitor
Oh, good grief, lady. Like that’s going to happen.

WHY DON'T YOU GO AWAY!
The one you and @BarackObama  funded. Good job. Stop funding evil regimes.
They're letting you have internet & social media access from GITMO?
Full of passion lies lies and more llies. 

Hope you like Gitmo
Ummmm what? The fact that u think that government might actually come around makes it clear you were worst SecState ever.
So glad we (the people) sent you to the woods with your tail between your legs.
When are we going to protest about a president the undermined Democracy and the Rule of Law! We have a liar and a Traitor in the WH!
You hope? This is the problem with liberals they are naive and full of false hope. #IranProtests
Oh good. More hope and change.
What Happened?  Volume Two written at Gitmo, Cuba.  Get yours now!  Autographed by the author for only $500,000.00.
Why is it that it's cool that they want the freedom and future they deserve ? When we want the same things we're labeled as Nazi's .
Please, Hillary, for God's sake, take a break and leave. Leave this battered world in peace. Kindly exit! Please exit!
And don’t you ever come back.. no more no more no more no more...hit the road hil and don’t you come back no more
Iran woulda been turned to glass via button in ‘football’ if God allowed you to be the leader of the free world...what did ya burn up after crashing i.t. stuff?
#ReleasetheMemo
Too bad in 2009 you ignored them.....
You one crazy woman
Did you ever officially apologize to the travel office staff back 93??
Like I said take the personalities out of this and it's the same message our President sent. Stop the hate in this country also!
No one gives a frenchmans fart what you think any more.
Do you ever stop?
Just like the Christian dominated southern Nigeria have been protesting for freedom and the World kept mute as millions are been killed by the oppressive Nigerian Islamic Government.
You wouldn’t be genuinely interested in the Iranian people. You’re such a contrived phoney.
You were pretty silent back in 2009 when you were Sec of State under @BarackObama.
Yes, please destabilize yet another country that just happens to oppose Saudi Arabia and Israel.
#IranProtests @HillaryClinton #LoveHillary

Obama and you were a disaster.  The Obama regime gave billions to the Iranian regime.  Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism.  Obama and you should be imprisoned.
You create the hostile environment they are living in. You don't care about anyone's freedom. #lockherup
Namaste...
That's funny coming from you, especially since last time you ignored them.
U hope the Iranian Government responds "Peacefully"?  Just another example of how out of touch U are, @HillaryClinton .  When has this despicable regime ever responded peacefully? Misunderstandings and misguided beliefs are why you are NOT @POTUS today. Thank you for being You!
Your buddy @AmbassadorRice Susan say it is best to “be quiet” regarding Iranian protesters!
Thanks HRC you and Obama caused this
Hillary Clinton your a great leader but your on the wrong side!
Killary you were behind funding the dictator that their protesting against. Tick Tock


Trump got this. Stop chiming in
They are not weAring pussy hats, those are really women
Maybe they’re ticked off that the billions the Obama administration gave them didn’t end up in the hands of the people but it ended up in the hands of terrorists?
This is but one of many, many examples of why she didn't, and should never, EVER, become POTUS. We didn't dodge a bullet. We dodged a nuclear bomb.
Tick Tock Tick Tock

Are you kidding me acting like you care!!
Hillary so happy to invigorate any sign of war. This lady would light a match to a kid doused with gasoline if it would make her money.
@HillaryClinton My President HRC
Where Were You When You Could Have Made A Difference in 2009 when The Iranian People Were Uprising?
**You, Have No Authority To Speak!
Your Time Came and Went with Silence!
#IranProtests 
#IranianFeminists!
that's it? wow what a cowardly tweet. what government, you mean dictatorship that you support? look around at all the freedoms you have and yet you are anti-American. sad day when you graduated from law school. only used it for personal gain.
shows how stupid you really are.  Too bad you didn't really land under sniper fire.
Shame on you, corrupt Devil
With no help from you!
You realize Trump is the president
We realize Trump placed his brand name on the presidency. That is all.
you lie
I need a job bad Hillary
Stop.
THANK GOD ALMIGHTY YOU LOST!  YOU Would be No better than the IRANIAN GOV.  The very idea of you being President made enough people sick to vote against you and put PRESIDENT TRUMP in Office while #HillaryForPrison2018.
Happy new year to you !
Dear hillary
I know you are worry for us and  you want support us  our problem is money so give back our money
Love you
Hold the eff up. Weren’t you sec of state in 2009 when obummer and you were silent when the people of Iran were protesting. You’re so full of .
u helped create all this mess going on.... shameless, u support all the corruption. please go away HRC enough is enough!!!!
If you truly wanted to make a positive difference in the lives of citizens in this and other countries around the world, you’d retire to a home. Your time as SOS left the world a darker place, and quite frankly, this is a gross understatement.
P.S. we wouldn’t be such a laughing stock if you were Madam President.
If she were president this country would be doomed
We still be the leader of the free world and not a laughing stock .
We are the leader of the Free world
The only laughing stock are you Democrats
@TheDemocrats are not trying to take away social security or people’s health care.  They even didn’t collude with our adversary to throw the election .
Actually, @HillaryClinton did just that.
Are you serious? That's excatly what @HillaryClinton did

@realDonaldTrump 
NO THANKS TO YOU Killary!! You and Obama SQUASHED the Green Revolution in 2009 & ALLOWED them to get slaughtered! It's #ThanksToTrump that #TrumpSupportsTheIranianPeople NOT #HillaryLovesTheMullahs or #HillaryLivesHezbollah that it's #TrumpFreesIran in 2018!
Flip flopping on your stance and the level of oppression you find acceptable towards women is why you lost and your blatant lies like this
Obama, Kerry and Ben say shut up and don’t talk about it.
Being reminded of you has just ruined my year.
Your disgusting!
am glad she not my president as she would ha e stood by the corrupt Iranian dictatorship government and keep giving away America money!...
WE HOPE CLINTON GOES TO JAIL SOON !
Please listen to me.. Im from Spain but there's a girl, a poor girl in your country, Tennessee. EEUU.  I just knew her story about five minutes ago. Her name is Cyntoia Brown.. Please, read or see the news about her story.. Help her. Help this poor girl. Only you can save her.
Maybe the help you and Obama gave to them wasn't the right type.
Oh Hillary supporters....oh Hillary supporters....would we really have gotten anything different if she was POTUS instead of Trump??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
You're dreaming right?  Obama senr them billions to buy more chains and whips.

I hope our government locks you up. We will never let this business of you jeopardizing our national security go. You need to be punished for breaking so many laws.
Bahahahaha you dare say that!! You and the democrats are to blame!
I agree
Check out  “Clinton Cash”  on OAN
One American News!
THIS IS NOT FAKE NEWS!
Shut up already..go write another book. Title should be..Orange doesn’t look good on me.
How about “Orange looks excellent on Orange!
That was good
I’m still laughing 
Are you mad cause’ Trump won the election and you didn’t???
By the Grace of God the American People escaped the evil traps of the Clinton’s who would have turned America into a third world country of slavery and poverty of the American People. Thank You President Trump for leading and standing for the American People! 
HAHAHAHA, best joke of 2017. Peaceful Iranian response. Who says you're not funny. Let's see, no internet, no texting, limited calling, curfews, riot police. True peace.
Deluded, as per usual.



Yes and so are the oppressed women like the countries you took money from that beat women, can drive stone gays to death!
They are killing us in iran
Oh my god you’re already gearing up to make so many difficult compromises with your conservative colleagues, put aside your differences, and turn Mashad into dust.
Hillary  muy love  eres  una gran persona  y mejor  demócrata.
America first please
Murderers of children should get the death penalty. However, traitors who make war on their own people do get the death penalty usually by firing squad. Can’t wait.
Titim gan éirí ort
,  you are pithic.  u need to leave the U.S..live in some other country like Iran
I'm assuming that is your "public" position.
#Resist 
honestly, you'd better shut up and hide in a hole forever. Then world would be a better place. Dirty witch
One could wish the same for our own government Madam President.  We are under constant and vicious attack from inside the halls that we hold as sacred.
Before you waste your breath advising Iran on how to treat protestors, maybe help those in your own backyard, protecting your water!
#ShameOnU, @HillaryClinton!
U know well that "hope" doesn't work w tyrants
You did notjing for the Iran young. On the contrary, u helped the status quo...
#CriminallyInsane #LOCKherUP #HillarysWarCrimes https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/28/us/politics/libya-isis-hillary-clinton.html …
#CriminallyInsane #LOCKherUP #HillarysWarCrimes
Maybe if you didn’t let them down last time they wouldn’t be in this predicament.  You were useless as SOS except for lining your pockets.
That will never happen.
Americans voted against a corrupt political duo #Clintons
#Hillary Clinton, #Huma Abedin and Others, Who Disseminated Classified Information, Who Mishandled It Intentionally Have Done Things that are illegal. If You or I Did It, We'd Be In Jail. 
Hillary Clinton
OMG you have to be kidding me?  This woman has no shame.  She could care less about anything other than herself.  Just go away
War criminal. You belong in prison.
you want to co-op Democratic process in Iran. What a surprise!!
Says the most serial liar of all the woman in universe! Why aren’t you in prison,
They’ve been protesting since 1979!
Interesting comments from someone who helped keep them Oppressed along with Maobama
