The organizers at @iVoteFund worked with partners on the ground to get automatic voter registration on the ballot in Nevada.
450 brand-new civic leaders and activists attended the very first @ArenaSummit -- and they're on track to train 5,000 people by the end of 2018.
At @alliance4youth, young people are using local organizing to address economic inequality, attacks on voting rights, and more.
The team at @latinovictoryus is working to elect more Latino candidates at every level of government.
More than 400 students and leaders met last month at the @votolatino Power Summit to share resources and tools for national advocacy.
And with the help of @collectivepac, 23 African-American candidates have been elected to local, state, and federal offices since August 2016.
Along with @IndivisibleTeam, @ColorOfChange, @EmergeAmerica, @swingleft, and @runforsomething, I know these groups will continue to do the incredible work of making our democracy stronger in 2018, and I'm proud to be on their team.
Thank you to everyone who has donated to Onward Together in our first year -- we’re only able to support these great groups because of you. Let’s do even more in 2018. Onward!
Need to eliminate the awful gerrymandering in Texas.  Where do we start?
President Obama & Eric Holder are focusing their efforts on redistricting, @DemRedistrict . Here's the website:
The first step is to try to flip the House blue, so fighting voting restrictions, helping people get IDs if needed & getting people registered before the 2018 elections will help, as will volunteering & helping to get people to the polls on election day.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_redistricting,_2022 …
A group of Hillary campaign workers from Ohio started Flippable after the November election.
Learn more about your state government: what it does, why it matters, and how you can help improve it in 2018. https://www.flippable.org/get-smart/ 
And if you happen to live in a blue district, as I do in California, you can look up your nearest red district and help flip them blue. @swingleft
Where in TX are you? I have a few relatives near San Antonio that I'm thinking of visiting so I can help register voters, etc, next year.
Unfortunately, you won’t be allowed to register voters here. Only Texas residents are allowed to become volunteer deputy registrars + register voters in the state. From our Sec. of State site:
Thanks @dianelyssa   I’m going to have to volunteer
VOTER I D COMING. YOU EVIL LIBTURDS WILL NEVER WIN AGAIN
Name calling? Really mature behavior!

Again, your lack of maturity and inability to grasp facts is a quality I see in so many that follow today's "conservativism". It is sad that in a country tgat provides education to all, so many don't have enough.
I’m an Independent. It’s easy to see that the Dem party is full of corrupt satanic morons. You do not matter at all so muted 
Maybe when you turn 13, you’ll have a greater understanding of how the adult world works.
Satanic? 
Absolutely!! Not having a conversation with anyone so stupid as to deny that. They literally worship Lucifer!! Try some research before looking stupid. Muted!! Your opinion does not matter
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Hillary and Bill. Best to You.

At least you admit she’s smarter than you are!
Bahaha last I checked we didn't have time to protest in the streets.
Why did you have to run? You gave us Trump
Did you vote for her? If not you gave us Trump
Thank you. She didn’t “give” us anything. The United States votes for her. The flawed system of an electoral college gave us Trump. 
Hillary isn’t to blame. A media who focused so much on her emails rather than actual issues. Your anger is massively misplaced.
and your loyalty is massively misplaced
my loyalty was placed with the qualified and knowledgeable candidate. That doesn’t seem misplaced to me.
So I’m guessing that you voted for Trump?
haha funny joke
Hope you enjoy your Christmas tax cut.
My wish for 2018 is that this year the hacking by Russian Gov. of our voting machines in favor of Trump will be revealed & you declrd. Winr.
Thank you Madam President. Merry Christmas!!!!!!
My mind of workers reaching their hands out to him to shake his has from a kneeling position. I will kneel for no man. I had little respect for him then and even less for you. I hope you do run in 2020. I will fight to secure our voting system and to make an ID required to vote.

Diverse meaning illegal immigrants & refugees, is what you really mean. Stop telling people it’s ok to eliminate Voter ID.  All democracies require Voter ID, to protect the integrity of the system. Just ask R friends to the South, the ones u entice to come here w/ freebies
Any bets?
Exactly my point !! Democrats want to remove “any requirement” to vote that way anybody ( even illegals) that shows up at the polls can vote. And yet Dems pretend they are worried Russia interfered in our election LMAO  Its the Democrats who like to manipulate elections #MAGA
I D is important to keep from voter fraud
Legal citizens have no problem voting. Valid drivers license or state ID with your picture on it. You are raising awareness of how you got away with cheating In the  presidential election and how voter fraud works. 
You've got to be kidding. You rigged an election, stole the nomination from nutty socialist Sanders.
GO AWAY!!!!!!! THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DEMAND IT.
Just wait for 2018 baby.  Merry Christmas to you and Bill.
That's right, Craig. We got a Black man elected President of The United States of America. There is no one who we can't get elected, when we support our candidate then get out and vote. It really is that simple.
So you're racist.
You are so irrelevant, go away


“Between tweeting and golfing I don’t know he gets anything done...” Enjoy your tax cut...
Wow ,,,schlepping for votes couldn't be more clear. 
Hillary '24.
WE ARE HOPING 2018 WILL BE YOUR YEAR.. Where you get everything you deserve...
LOVE YOU HILLARY........I NEED YOUR HELP WITH THE NEVADA SCHOOL SYSTEM...There is no state tax here but can't we implimate..a school tax?????
My God if u were elected president our country would be in such a better place. I’m still so saddened u aren’t president. U r my president in my mind!
I thank God every day that corrupt #CrookedHillary is not our president!
We got a sexual assaulter
He was bullshitting. Men talk that way a lot when they talk to other men.
Not the MEN I know
I've heard guys at the bar (years ago) when they don't think women are listening. Some (not all) of them do talk that way. I really don't like it either.
Good men don’t
Uranium One?
A.k.a. ILLEGAL.
Go away.
THANK YOU MADAM PRESIDENT. LOVE YOU. HAVE A GREAT HOLIDAY
Protecting voter rights and providing second chances to non violent former felons is a priority in my Florida State House Seat 31 race.

227,258 more Floridians need to sign the petition in the next 42 days to restore #votingrights to 1.6 million people in #Florida: https://florida.ourstates.org 
Hillary, everything you touch just withers up and dies!! The evilness that drives you destroys everyone and everything you touch!!!
Love ya
We never deserved as good as you and you truly deserved better from us. I hope you have the most relaxing, family filled and merriest Christmas. Thank you for remaining a teacher to the world and inspiration to our family.
Funniest comment ever lol
You forgot to announce your support for @OurRevolution
If you want to enrich Bernie's family feel free. The rest of us are trying to put Democrats in office & we have a lot of work to do. We have to fight the right & the anarchists on the left.
Protect voting rights? Of whom? Illegals?
Go Away!!!!
#Bigots
#BiasedMedia
#Sexist
#Racist
#CorruptLeft
#LyingLiberals
#ResistTheEvilLeft 
#LiberalPerverts
#FusionGPS
#CrookedHillary
#HillaryRiggedDNC
You're still talking?
PLEASE RUN AGAIN!  MID TERM ELECTION DEMS ARE GOING TO SWEEP! PERFECT TIME TO GET YOUR I TOLD YOU SO ON!
Please madam president Run in #Hillary2020 Please !!!
#WeNeedYou
#Democrats control #Voters with: 

-The War on #Drugs
-Government schools
-Aid to Families with Dependent Children
-#Welfare
-Affirmative action
-Minimum wage
-#GunControl

Empower the People by allowing them to prosper independently from excessive Gov't regulations and taxes.
You mean illegals & immigrants DemoRATS import their voters bc they can’t win on policies. This is your last Christmas home Hillary. Justice is coming America won’t rest until your held accountable.
Uranium One :-) Jeff Sessions wants to talk ;-)
Because deflection to a nothing burger is all the traitor-in-chief and his treasonous cabinet have left. 

Thanks for playing.
AG Jeff Sessions is looking into Uranium One, we found out that the Obama admin. roadblocked law enforcement from going after Iran-backed Hezbollah, & Debbie Wasserman Schultz hired a Pakistani crime family.

This isn't good for you, Hill.
https://www.politico.com/interactives/2017/obama-hezbollah-drug-trafficking-investigation/ …
#FridayFeeling
Her naming foundations is probably code before assets seized. She just can't stop herself! Haha!

Remember when you lost?  That was awesome.
Remember when she won the popular vote by 3,000,000 and the most hated man in the world became President because of the electoral college... driving us into 2nd world status and making the whole world laugh at us.  That was awesome - not.

Lmfao so true
Like making it a federal law that u mist show your ssi  card to cast a vote. I mean u have to show a legal form of id  to buy a car, or buy  a firearm,  or buy cigarettes,  don't be a hypocrite.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
Yes, let’s take advice from someone who lost an election and signed books in the back room of a Costco. #Sarcasm
Actually 3 million more people preferred Hillary Clinton.  In spite of the fact that Russia colluded with Trump
Illegal aliens from space and in our country do not count regardless of whatever Hillary tells you.
What a ridiculous tale you spin
@algore you took your lost way better than @HillaryClinton and I would change my consideration to vote for you in any upcoming election...you did it with style and honor...and Hillary you know you'll  never get my vote or support by the way you continue to act and disrupt
Onward 2018 and beyond!
This has certainly been a galvanizing year. I am grateful to see that people have turned their sadness about 2016 into fire and work that needs to continue.
Have you given any thought to your jail cell wallpaper yet? The day is coming!

You mean fighting to protect illegals voting rights. Without them the democrats would never see office again.
I love you so much
Scumbag!!!

More like fighting to protect her fraudulent voters, ,where is Slick Hillie now ,back in the woods
SLICK HILLIE 
Wife
Mom
Grand Mom
Federal Inmate
In other words keep those illegals voting.
You mean ILLEGALS like Kate Strike's murderer? Can't wait to get the wall built & LOONEY Liberals lose power so we can have our country back
Always behind you my dear world president we never had. Once a democrat always a democrat
Ohio is getting ready to dump all the votes who are “infrequent” voters during the years 2011-2016.  They will be shocked when they go to the polls this year.
Remember saying this? 
Probably not, since she didn't.
...i am not prejudice, but white, of Scottish, German, American Indian ancestry. I am a conservative Christian, because my skin is white I am  discriminated against in this day and time where diversity. Ignore that word and accept all through eyes of love and no need for it.
Thank you, Madame Rightful President.
we can see right through you. Don't forget that. Onward together! Yeah, you and our enemies..
what you really mean is make it easier for non citizens to vote
Please go away

Bahahahaha donate for more corruption and lies by you and your clown posse? I don’t think so. Disappear would you? America has spoken
So the Dems can bus in more people and illegals to vote! Never again!
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year 2018. *HAPPY NEW YEAR*
*Good Year wishes with lol. Have a Blissful Year Ahead,*
always be aware *that U are Loved* *Beyond Measure,*
*Always Stay Blessed.*
H K Sethi
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/HK_Sethi 
Take care of India....and take "her" with you.....let "her" be indias leader...lol
Do these non-credible organizations know what y'all did to Seth Rich, by chance? How's the weather at Gitmo, btw? 
Do you mean you are teaching young candidates how to lie and cheat?
I guess you'll have to make more medals. Like the ones who got them for donating to you and Obama. Did you think we wouldn't figure it out? 
#OnwardTogether!! 
Another wedding to pay for ????
GOD BLESS you Hillary for all you’ve done & continue to do
Do you ever stop lying?
Thank God we finally have a president that is taking action for this country! We should have elected a businessman along time ago! Trump has done more in one year than Obummer has in previous 8 years!
go the heck away you troll!
First Lady Hillary Clinton 
Very nice Lady
Happy New years to you too
Biz Amerikaya kadar elimizi uzatik senin için çok çaba harcadık başkanlık için ama nasip olmadı özulduk sağlık olsun
they r more deserving organizations then yours . Like homeless and hungry.
Of course you don't see them because you are hidden in the woods and dropped off everywhere u go 
#SitDown Hillary.  Everything you’re involved in is crooked and corrupt.
And maybe by following your example, they won't be greedy, lie and actually support women who are victims of sexual abuse.

Really? Simple, Voter ID. The only instrument that protects Voters rights.
#CrookedHillary aiming to add #VoterFraud to her arsenal of cheating the American people / stealing elections #LockHerUp
Go take up knitting and stitching grandma and maybe go bake some chocolate chip cookies for your grandkids.  And don’t go back on any platform to give any more speeches. Please do the country that favor ! Your time is over !
How about making sure they are LEGAL USA CITIZENS by requiring VALID VOTER ID!!
Thank you Hillary for being a leader and always persevering even in the face of so much hate.

Your husband was impeached. You white house ride was almost cut short. I hate how you use minorities to get votes
Fighting hard to protect voter fraud! #onwardtogether
Yes. We love you Hillary @HillaryClinton
You won. Be proud. Ms attorney real POTUS. I love you & your courage & strength #womensrights r #HumanRights #HillaryClinton
This crook is still trying to be relevant.. what a joke! The Clinton crime family created the mess we have today. Obama just added the race hatred to the mix. They all know about Alinski tactics. Take a dirt nap soon for America.
A dirt nap!! Hillaryous!!!
O SHUDDUP
Why aren't folks donating to these groups directly? U played middle man with dnc$ now they are in debt.
As if the people of Alabama had there right to vote who they wanted yeh right who was there hinderances to there vote.
I can’t wait til u trump lovers file your taxes next year.  Talk about getting screwed and not feeling good!!! If you honestly think this is all for you...wake up and thank the Romenoffs.  Their laughing all the way to the bank
Too bad I won't get to see how u look on tv. Lol
Lmao enjoy GTMO!! Tell Soros and Podesta hello for We the People. Thank you military patriots!!! @realDonaldTrump #Qanon #TheStorm
why don’t we ask Bernie Sanders how your version of democracy worked out for him?
HRC2020!
LOL... She'll just lose again. Too many Democrats come to the right side, but I haven't seen any Republicans go to the left.
You may want to to save some of your blood money for your legal defense. Here's hoping you will get all that us coming to you. #HillaryForPrison #orangeisthenewBLECH
Une Grande visionnaire.
Go back watching slick willy and leave the world alone.
Turning over a new leaf for 2018? 

Good for you!

You have nerve campaigning to raise money for any organization! Anyone foolish enough to give any Clinton money should be boiled in their own Christmas Pudding.  #UraniumOne  #Haiti #Benghazi and 33K emails
There are plenty stupid enough. She relies on stupidity for votes...
In which she gives less than 6% of the proceeds...such an evil, rotten soul 
#Haiti #Uranium #HumanTrafficking
Why don't you use the money you forgot to give to the Haitian earthquake victims?
Or the money she got from selling us out!
Wow!  You have to be the most divisive loser I’ll ever see. Not calling for ALL young people to get involved. Must fit one of your “categories” of victims. We are together and stronger without you as our President. We are one
Thank you.... #isit2018yet
WHY ARE YOU NOT IN PRISON YET,  THEY SHOULD HANG YOU FOR TREASON,  BRIBERY,  CHILD TRAFFICKING,  KIDNAPPING. HOW DO YOU SLEEP AT NIGHT! HELL WILL GIVE YOU THE KARMA YOU DESERVE.
If anything to keep voting fair we should keep a career criminal like Hillary Clinton as far away from it as humanly possible!
Voting for US Citizens only, no illegals, dead votes, out of state voters, felons.....!!
You always an awesome person
Whose vote needs protecting @HillaryClinton? What circumstance exists today that threatens Any US citizen’s vote. Oh, I had forgotten-U R referring to the votes of illegals & the droves of the poor u bus to the voting booths in return for a vote for a democrat. @therealDJDoing
what about youths of africa
@Juliet777777 By busing them in from other areas??? Liar!!
Excellent

Voting rights? Like age and citizenship?
Dear Mrs C. I have no clue how I forgot to politely ask you about this. I have 'my' usual strange night housing drama and I was thinking just now since you mentioned your missing four emails. May I take a look at that in exchange for temp winter free lodging w/ you?
Evil socialist
Perhaps Chesley should consider running if you are not up to the battle. It would be great to have the clinton name back in the white house. Thank you for all you have done. God Bless
Oh dear god....
We should be leading the world not found in the world like Obama and Hillary Clinton want us to do

HAPPY NEW YEAR HILLARY!!! <3 <3 I'M STILL WITH YOU!!!
Don't be fooled. This money is going right into crooked Hillary's pocket book.
I hope u r a stronger than Trump.

Hillary I want one of bill's Monica lewinsky flavored cigars get him to send me one when he is done with his energizer girlfriend. Maybe if you'd on a dress instead of those stupid pant suits you could get some bill tool too
Best ever company that provides quality ads video for FACEBOOK, TWITTER, INSTAGRAM ADS AND ANY ADVERT AT ALL.
they helped me with a video that converted my ads on facebook greatly.
ORDER YOURS NOW!!!
#ONWARDToGetHer
@foxandfriends @HuffPost @Richardafowler She is working on so-called Voters Rights! What about Proving they are Legal Citizens. Calif gives permission on Licenses to Vote for illegals! She is Meddling again!
I enjoy seeing the republicans weak responses. All based on unfounded allegations and Fox news talking points. Not a single individual original thought. Sad. LOL. Onward and upward.

Onward into prison #ReleaseTheMemo
Sounds like Hillary Clinton want to put some more on educated idiot and public office
leave this country and the people alone we want justice hopefully soon and you'll be in prison thr balls you have unreal

Funny You want to collect money for people in need...  The poor Haitians are still waiting for the 6 million in aid that you failed to give them after you collected it for them supposedly!

Since you're involved, I'm sure it is corrupt
Since the 15th and 19th Amendments, we've all have the same voting rights... it's voter fraud you'd like to raise.

@HillaryClinton, the first 5th of all replies to your tweets is from YOU.  #desperate&obsessed #MAGA @therealDJDoing #TrumpWon
GET READY FOR PRISON
TEAM @ HILLARYCLINTON
Y. E. A. P
HILLARY'S C L I N T O N TEAM
SAY WHAT. S A Y. W H  A T !!
Voter ID. It's the only way it will work.
You failed to mention as usual in your one world order mentality that voting rights are for those who are legal United States citizens.
What a disgrace that a former first lady and the loser from 2016 is begging the public for money
Once our president fixes Dems voter fraud our country will truly belong to the people again! You are a band of freaks! @HillaryClinton
A good start would be a minority on the 2020 presidential ticket and even better as head of the ticket!

ONWARD to prison for you.
,you trampled all over our rights so why would I send money? You would just pocket it anyway.why don't you go on a trip.... Far away and stay there.or maybe jail

Please go into full retirement
Someday i will be on those ballots. 2020, here we come.
I'm going to try to build enough from book sales to make it reality
FREE! Until January 3rd, get Prelude to Insanity FREE! I would appreciate your retweet.

Prelude to Insanity (Darkness Rises Book 1)
Go to JAIL already u evil witch
HAHAHA!! You talk of supporting voter rights, after purging 100's of thousands of voters that would have voted for Bernie? OUTRAGEOUS CYNICISM !! But we've come to expect that from you!
Miss Hillary Clinton say sme thing abt syria

That's all you want. Voters. You don't fxxxxxx care about America. That's why you lost. Hope you go to jail for treason.
Hopefully @OurRevolution is one of those organizations.
So, your off shore accounts aren't enough?
Hillary , your sheep are getting smarter.  Your money grab is drying up.

The moment we never thought we'd see, #VanityFair giving advice to #HillaryClinton 

#Bestof2017 
…
It would just be nice if you would just be truthful on letting the USA know the truth on Benghazi?
POS
Shouldn't you be signing worthless books at Costco? Or wandering around in the woods?
Happy holiday Mrs Clinton!
And may 2018 be the year Congress abolishes the electoral college.
