A little girl power in Pasadena...
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1501175564/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1513392604&sr=8-1&pi=AC_SX236_SY340_QL65&keywords=what+happened+hillary+clinton&dpPl=1&dpID=51iTTXhMcBL&ref=plSrch …
Vvvgood
:)
Weak
Oh look, it’s fantasy people just like you Hillary!  Your not the president, and it WAS YOUR FAULT!!
Jail time boo
Cheer To A Good Job.

stuck behind the toilet paper isle hahaha
Is that Bill looking for a new mistress? Or is it Biden trolling for children?
Amazing how many kids
Hes a super hero alright...
Hag
Have you looked in a mirror lately?
Yes, and no dead bodies behind me. Js...
Don’t let your husband near them
You are loved dear lady.  Thankful for you.  Keep up the GREAT work and Rest ... we need you a lot longer.
Just dropped by to thank you for not being president, keep touring and reminding us of why
Pan...pan...pander...Pander...Pander
Go away Hillary
Nice
Does your book tour talk about how you redirected campaign funds to circumvent campaign limits?   #lockherup
Ha, enjoy it while you can
I can't wait for the next book, Hillary Clinton life in prison without parole.
All the right props in place?
So Hilary thanks to u and your boss Obama ignoring the North Korea threat we r now for the first time training soldiers in the jungles of Hawaii. Preparing them for war in Asia. Good job weak liberals.
good
With United States you’re not going to be happy until you are arrested and put in jail
These book sales are for photo op because Clinton foundation has bought most of the books. Just can't accept election loss or fact people no longer care.
Go away
Enjoying your time remain free ?
Gosh...im looking at your social media.......and a few thousand people like you....wow, media is wrong
well intended aspirations n endeavors. But I can't peek through what's in someone's mind. Maybe it's nothing more than regrettable outcomes, as some might interpret.
Does Hillary think that the American people care anything about her anymore?
Hahaha that captain Hillary, thanks for sharing that with the internet!
It is amazing that someone who lost the election could be so prominent in some people's minds. Seems as if number 45 just can't get over the three million popular vote she won
Looks like one of your election rallies.
Were these pictures taken under duress as well?
I had to explain to her  how you demonized your Husbands acussers .  I challenged her to find a credable news article  where you defended the women that your Husband was accused of ......lets say "mistreated "   if she can find it.  I will pay her a thousand dollars.
Have another cocktail.....they're not available in Leavenworth
#FoxNews #ANHQ #foxreport #CNN
We love you Hillary.

I just love you, sorry Bill, lol..... Wishing a Happy Holiday for the whole wonderful family 
D DOOMOCRATIC PARTY N U HLLIARY CLINTON ALMOST STOLE D 2016 ELECTION THANK HEAVENS HE INTERVENED GOD KNOWS U HLLIARY CLINTON R EVIL
Guess what Family is Not having Christmas at the White House Yes The Clintons lol  MAGA
Wow, propaganda man is looking good in the second pic. Disgraceful, these are kids, stop trying to teach them to support you when they don’t have the capacity to understand you, or your policy’s. Crooked hillary does it again.
The only book with a question and answer on the front cover
Obama rigged the election for you and you still lost.  Amazing.
Go away!
Great seeing you on the road w the people - who made you the people’s president
Yes!!!!!!!
She Hawking books.  At least she has a real job now.

And...Laura Loomer 
Sorry I missed you in Seattle
Yep. Definitely remember this guy in line :P
I see the freaks come out in the day time also. Do you think they will come see you in jail?
You mean SUPER-ZERO
Politicians should not be able to make money from books they write about their experiences while working in Government!
Poor brainwashed kids
You are such an inspiration! I love you. I’m still with you. Thank you for your service to this great country! Onward!!
Good God.
Great book!
If this the book tour you are on Hillary?
gofundme mama needs help
Way to be politically correct with your 2 photos
You are still our leader. Women and allies have been inspired by you, before during and after your Presidency was stolen from us all.
Don't waste your time.
With all due respect ....... you lost because you're a dishonest  politician  , you called half of America deplorable, sexist racist people.  Why didn't you speak for the women your Husband abused ?  My 24 yr old daughter voted for you   because of your stance on women .
thank God you're not the president, this country would've sink under your lies and CORRUPTION!!#TheBestPresidentEver #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #MAGA
Omg are YOU SCARED of TRUMP Hillary? Girl you better stop and GET ON YO GRIND. Quit PLAYING.
Why can't d Democrat stop them because they are going to destroy the United States and all the poor people what are we going to do somebody need to stop those Crooks they are all noxious somebody help us Poor People's please
ur book sucks boo
Go to bed and don't get up.U need to find a few lawyers and thank God we don't have to pay for them this time
It was so great to meet you @HillaryClinton
Wow you should see someone about tgis
#stormwatching
shes back
Lol
YOUR A FRAUD MS. EUGENICS KWEEN
Silent Night...

#CPS #HumanTrafficking  #Pedophile ring
#HumanRights 
…
I love Hillary and sloths. I never imagined I’d be so lucky to have both in one picture 
 Send in the clowns... #MAGA
I see all of your “Normal” fans were out to greet you, lol.
see all's well that end's well-@realDonaldTrump is President and you have a best seller-I guess you never really wanted to be President anyway-just be careful when you're signing your books-#papercutsthesilentkiller

So nice that you’re making a success out of being such a failure.
Wonder if those children know that you will lie cheat steal and destroy everything to get elected.
Nice of you to devote your time for upliftment of humanity.
What Happened?  Hillary Rodham Clinton!!!  That's a fact
Meet any pedophiles?
Brainwashed kids
thanks.
Which one does bill prefer Hillary?

Yes, Hillary, thanks for staying in touch with all of us, we love you and miss you.
Bill will certainly stay in touch if you are female.
Can you please write a sequel explaining what really happened from a social sciences perspective? Institutionally, America became much more cognizant of the institutions (which your elite friends control) that oversee our democratic process. Those institutions imploded. You lost.
We need to stop blaming Russia. The Democratic Party may have flipped AL but it was child molester v. Democrat. This still does not solve the crisis within the party. Either the Democratic Party becomes ENTIRELY the people’s party or the Democratic Party will split. @TomPerez
As in no more donations from financial institutions. As in ABOLISH superdelegates. As in no more closed primaries. As in, we need to mobilize the 2020 Census for drawing district lines NOW. As in, what happened to the @DNC’s $$$?!? As in, local democratic investment. #Resist

Girl got BACK!


Not a fan of dynasty politics (don't let your daughter run, it will end badly) You .and your baggage is the reason we have Trump lording it up.
Geezus keep children away from @HillaryClinton or she will ship them off to @johnpodesta - #pedogate king.
I simply can’t believe your not on twitter crying about the tax reform screaming the sky is falling. Must be busy on aisle 7 at Costco
Your purpose for millions of us (including the popular winning voters) wanted you to succeed and accomplish all that we needed in America. You are on a new path 4 success and still for the American people.
Hillary real us president
Uhhh pssst she lost
Thank you for visiting Vancouver! It was a honour to see you in person. I brought my 12-year-old daughter to the event. Thank you for being a great role model.
So you're raising your daufhter to be a criminal?
I bet those kids are traumatized.  Hopefully they scrubbed their hands!! They've been subjected to the world's biggest scumball!
I live in Concord NH. SO bummed I missed you when you were here!!!
Good for you.
Awesome
I'm sure there were no deplorables tho as we are all busy CELEBRATING 
PRESIDENT TRUMPS BIG WIN.
PS; till 2024.
https://twitter.com/FeistyCovfefe/status/942471855587209217 …
You should be in prison not signing books
Stock market looks a lot better now than a Hillary tax you to death presidency.
Your prison cell is being prepared as I type this lmao #DrainTheSwamp
Is that Adam Schiff?
@SkipsterX , didn’t know you have an American cousin
Hannukah
xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD

Good thing the FBI always know where you are with that ankle monitor. Stay in the country and you’ll be just fine.
:)
Ooh, what a lovely anti-racist picture
At least she's getting a bigger crowd than her campaign rallies!
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Nice to see people together supporting a positive person. Good luck on the book tour. All the best!

Thank you! God bless WJCF!! Congratulations wonderful mum, I wish you great success!!
Too bad you didn't meet anyone who wanted to buy your book.  Hear sales not going well.
Both of those people can’t vote. One being a child and the other a felon, obviously

Sure, kids still support you...
Grown up be like:
I'm hamiza Jurua a student at gulu university in Uganda who is trying to ask for assistance to complete my education and this is what u have doing to Uganda
Why did you want to nuke russia and Syria ww3 could have Been started
Hillary Clinton campaign, DNC accused of 'corrupt' money scheme in new FEC complaint.
Christ...go away.
You are AMAZING thank you xoxo
You do people not understand there are consequences for your actions when you meddle with the gods
Didn't get to see you in Ann arbor because my wife and son went to fallout boy the same night and I had to stay home with the other son. Wish I could've made it. Reading your book now and it's gut wrenching but I love it. Never go away.
So the American tax payer paid for you to drag around all of that Secret Service personnel while you made money selling a book full of non fiction and lies? Will you pay us back for that?
I'm happy for your book tour, maybe you can create something positive now.

You coming to So Florida anytime soon?  I would love to take my granddaughter to meet you.

duration he had in mind. And God sure can't accept I feel unhappy with the circumstances I'm at now. It might make me less gloomy if Hillary has also, accepted it was God's plan to let her be polished a little more in advance for her presidential bid, not to stamp out Hillary's
Where are Hati's children????
Where is Hati is the more important question.
Right where it was the last time I referred to a map. More importantly, why do children disappear every time her foundation shows up to "help" ???
Where on the map is Hati again? It is anywhere near Haiti? I’m guessing you didn’t do well in school.
Did you not see the "Haiti * sorry typo" comment ? Actually I did great in school. Made the Deans list all four quarters.
They were so incredible they fiailed to get you legitimately elected president
Lol, the Super Hero Male Stripper showed up.
You got beat by Trump lol!  40 years of politics just to sit in a Costco.  bravo. I'm drowning in snowflake tears.

Hillary fake news...

Put.in sore thumb

Stop acting like your not criminal
#UraniumOne #FusionGPS
Hi Hillary!

Im sure this is in one of your books.

Bill Clinton hid under coat to sneak out of White House to visit lover
http://dailym.ai/2oOalF3 

Your Pal,
Deplorable :)
No other words needed.
You are pathetic. I aom st feel sorry for but I don’t
Antibiotics anyone?
Ppl keep hoping you'll go away. You never do. 
Email scandal. Putting our nation at danger for the mighty dollar.
Awsm

CHARLES MANSON HAD FOLLOWERS TOO. THEY MUST HAVE BEEN DEMOCRATS. ~
GO AWAY AND STAY AWAY
#lockherup #HillaryClintonEmailScandal #HillaryForPrison
Love you Hillary!
You’re my superhero  #StillWithHer @HillaryClinton
YES! She is amazing! An incredible inspiration!
Love her 
Me too! I don’t know how she does it!!
She’s tough as nails 
Indefatigable!


She has tats?
Book had to be really hard for her to write.  It was a terrific book, but parts of were hard to read...made me so fuckin mad all over again 
#StillWithHer #resist
Well done  Hillary Clinton & Merry Christmas  too you & your Family & we Pray you & your Family are doing well & we will be watching you on TV  on NBC channel 13 at 2:PM today & we need U Hillary Clinton in Washington 2020 U can do the it we know U can ! Pat & Curtis Helms!
I become a hero, too. I teach a bad guy a lesson.
Wish I was there- warm greetings from Australia! X
I'm guessing that for every book you've sold there's a woman who's been subject to @BillClinton's "gross negligence."  Or should we classify it as "extreme carelessness"?  DAMN! Where's the FBI when you need them....
Amen again DML! Ur hitting the nail on the head yet again
Seeing Hillary’s photos is always a breath of fresh air as well as a wonderful sight for tired eyes. #MadamePresident
I’ve got a tattoo of her but I cannot see it often. Sometimes it’s in a porcelain bowl.
