Attorney General Sessions orders fresh look at Uranium One deal
Sessions is a partisan hack and a liar.
Uranium One not only isn't a scandal, Hillary is barely even involved.
It's already been debunked thoroughly, so this is just Sessions wasting more of your tax dollars in an attempt to smear a good woman. Time to get a clue and grow up.
The next 7 years are going to be rough for you liberals lol
It's cute you think Trump will last 7 more years.

And it's cure you think it won't be tough for YOU TOO if he does.
Awww all you have is name calling and adding people to lists where you call more names.  How mature lol  You repeat the lying #fakenews so well.  You know, the same #fakenews that said Trump had a 5% chance of winning.  Go cry to your rotten leaders who have no agenda instead lol
No, I have facts. You just think citing facts is 'name calling' because you're on the wrong side. I'm not repeating lying fake news... that's you. You're projecting: accusing others of what's true of yourself. You believe fake news and reject actual news. And that's just sad.
The only 'rotten leaders' are in the GOP at this point.

1) Donald Trump is a proven pathological liar.
2) Donald Trump is a proven sexual abuser & sexual predator.
3) Donald Trump is a proven fraud & con-man, and is provably corrupt.

These are facts you need to accept
None of that is proven lol  It's all made up, exaggerated lies so die-hard dem voters like you will vote for your lousy leaders again who have no agenda.  They are running on hate and lies.  Must be frustrating for you that there's still no proof of Russia collusion.
wait, I thought she was completely unpopular???
Exactly?? Her book sales/tour say otherwise.
really.  sold out tours, and audience who practically scream in approval at her every word.  Line up for hours to get a handshake, a word and a photo.
Flew up for a day from Florida & stood in line for 3 hours in freezing NY cold to tell her that she helped me to realize I wasn't worthless after having an abusive childhood, & have been a teacher for 13 yrs. She told me my kids were lucky to have me. Worth every second. 
Thank you!! I no longer feel that way, but when your father abandons, neglects, & treats you like garbage, you think you aren't worth loving. When I saw @HillaryClinton fighting for kids like me, I realized I was important. She gave me something I could never repay her for.
My pleasure!! It’s so nice to read a story w/a positive outcome. As you can see, negativity runs rampant on here. I really appreciate you sharing your story and I’m happy to hear that you feel as amazing as you are!
Thank you again..yes lots of negativity and I get called a bunch of nasty stuff for supporting her but I'm way too resilient to be bothered by any of it. I ignore and keep going forward.
I really enjoyed the #audiobook. I would highly suggest letting Hillary read her book to you. 
I bought the audio also and loved it!
Ditto! I’m not usually one to purchase audiobooks (I’m still into old library books lol), but, I wanted to hear her story. It was a really good book. She deserves the praise - it’s very well written.
I listened to the audio book for a few seconds until I had to go to the doctor and clean the wax out of my ears that the awful fantasy book gave me!
Ok.
How long have they been trolling you? A few days now?
Days? A few YEARS! 
 I know girlie... I know!
That’s a lie!!
PopSugar?
I'm old.
Me too. But it’s a thing Charlie!
Read the whole thing in 2 days. One of the best books I've read in a long time. Congrats Hillary.
Why not allow all the mega rich democarts to put their own money where their mouths are, easy to,preach off of piles of money, typical traitor#want some cheese with that whine lol
#icallbullshirt
I helped! I own 1 signed hard back, 1 non- signed hard back, 1 e-book and 1 audio 
LMAO  you didn’t even have to read the book! The title “What Happened” said it all. Hillary
The fake news gang is all there no wonder they loved the book
#Trump2020

What happened is that u should have picked Colonel! He wasn’t dead!
Silly, all these agencies are leaders of the Democratic agenda, of course they will say your book is top. Ever notice how every talking point is the same in MSM and then it is repeated by the Democratic Party?
What happened is pretty obvious: she lost, fair and square
@Margare52320000 awesome!!
Jeremiah 29:11 "For I know the plans I have for you,"declares the LORD, "plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future."FOR ALL WHO ARE  ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF GOD and COUNTRY !!!!!
Hilarious, best book by left wing publishers.....get over it lady, you lost Bigly.
Peole admitting to buying several of them at a time explains the data. It will appear in the Dollar Store by summer.
You know best books are based on critics reviews not number of copies sold? Right?
Reviews are opinions. Data is data.  The book was a of load crap, considering the source. See? An opinion. Meaningless all around. She never thought she was going to lose. Have a Very MAGA Christmas!
Ah, the joy of Christmas.....and Melting Snowflakes. Mmmmmm. 
@HillaryClinton It will make for great reading in prison!  #QAnon  #MAGA
Are you there god? It’s me, Margret.

Already know what happened....for free. You lost, Trump won, end of story
Sad, Sandi wishes people were honest.  I guess she does not know to look at verfiable actions over accusations.  Trump "won" nothing, he will never win because he forgets that our life is about how we treat others, not how they treat us. He is a small, petty man.
despite crying through most of the book, I concur.  It was the best book I read this year, and thankfully, it also offered tons of laughs. 
And I am pretty sure most of those outlets ran a "why won't she shut up already" editorial before it was released.
Why won't she now that you mentioned it
P

Just bought TODAY! Now just need an autograph 
And a fireplace to toss it into
You must hate strong women!
Yes, don’t ask don’t tell was Hillary’s answer to gays as 1st lady, real strong.
Kids & I finally finished reading this outstanding book together. We’ve spent the last 10+ years fighting for Hillary - they deserve to know what happened.
It’s a great book!! It is not a Hillary is perfect/blameless etc bookbut rather weaves historical context & encourages activim. As a fierce HRC supporter, there were times I cringed a little but when read in context, it is fair & honest! #StillWithHer
Attorney General Sessions orders fresh look at Uranium One deal https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/prosecutors-ask-fbi-agents-info-uranium-one-deal-n831436 … via @nbcnews

YOU ROCK!@
And that's a book I'll never buy what should I buy a book of lies
Just another book of lies you're selling the American ppl
I know that's right girl.
I’m gonna hold out for the sequel, “What Happened 2, the Prison Years”.
Popsugar
Named "book of the year" by the very publications that held her candidacy to a different standard than they did the shrieking orangutan now shitting up the Oval Office. It's almost like the papers love "controversy" and don't care who gets nuked or dies by the roadside from it.
Wait a minute!!!! These are all liberal outlets!!! Can we here from the everyday people instead?
there actually was a bad review by someone but then they tragically fell off a bridge
All doners to The Clinton Fund.
@hillaryclinton you want to know what happened? You lost. Fair and square. To a man that everyone underestimated, yet has become one of the greatest presidents in our nation’s history.

'SH*T IS ABOUT TO HIT THE FAN': Ex-Secret Service Agent Warns 'Devastating' FISA Memo Set To 'Expose' Obama http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2018/01/sht-hit-fan-ex-secret-service-agent-warns-devastating-fisa-memo-set-expose-obama/ … 
All I care about is: What Will NEVER happen - she will NEVER be president! 
And me!!
What a Big Joke!
#MAGA end of story
Amazing. All liberal sources voted hillary’s book the best one of the year.
Congratulations 
what a corrupt woman #releasethememo
Picked up my copy today and got it set up to tuck in for a good Christmas read! So excited. @HillaryClinton
How many pages do you need? I lost even thought the fix was in for me to win.
Congratulations Queen HRC
Fake News
I’ve got 3 copies 
Communist Propaganda!
Attagirl
lol
Odd

Nah.....I already know what happened. You lost, and you still can't figure out that it was your own fault.
God bless you and your “kind” heart and god bless every immigrant legal or illegal, from the inception of this country to date and beyond. We are all children of god, be it Hindu, Muslim, Buddhist, Christian etc. No one has any right to pass judgment on anyone!!!!
Enforcing immigration isn't judging. They can do it legally. BTW many Muslims do judge others
Really???? I didn’t realize that.. Why just mention Muslims?
I'll be spending my bonus on better things. No comedies for me. Thanks anyway.
I listened to the audio book for a few seconds and my ears filled up with wax and I had to go to the health center to get it cleaned out!
Why are you tweeting the same tweet again? on the same thread? Weird...
Only posted once. Not sure why you are seeing it more than that. 

(Lucky you though, right? )
And it's still running in the best seller lists on Amazon, with a 4.6 out of 5 rating, and 3,311 reviews (once they cleaned out all the troll bots). That's four months and counting, folks.
OH and you ordered Amazon to take down the comments about your book because they were so right-on and tore you apart for the liar that you are-
Ummm..no.
Or wait and get it at $1.99 at the local thrift store.  They are already showing up.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/offer-listing/1501175564/ref=mw_dp_olp?ie=UTF8&condition=all …             not a great investment now selling for <1/4 of original price maybe the foundation should start a buy back program
W ant one
When the 2016 election is discussed in the future , HX will look back at the travesty of how our misogynistic society kept the most qualified person ever from the most important position in the world.. we all suffer as a result of institutional sexism.
All depraved #altleft #FakeNews propaganda  
Just replace the words "I Lost" with a picture of Trump and it will be perfect.
I have to wait until Christmas morning to get mine. 
Also By:                                        Trump                                                          Putin                                                         Netanyahu
Huh?
Also by the Costco seasonal isle
No words from hillary should be considered non-fiction!
It is a great book.  By a great lady.
None of which have been known to be completely and utterly biased in favour of Hillary Clinton, deeeeeefiiiiiniiiiitely.
How much did she paid for the Positive Reviews ? someone who clearly lost because of Corrupt acting writes no Bestseller.
So ends the false narrative she's unpopular.I love Madame President!
She lost to Trump who had 30%  approval rating. This says it all.

Guess what I got in my email even though I asked Twitter to block Hillary? Triggering offensive misandrist harassing hate speech! @jack @realDonaldTrump
What difference does it make ??????
You suck and you're a criminal. That's what happened.
I’m waiting to buy another copy until the edition that ends, “Clarence! Help me, Clarence! Get me back, I don't care what happens to me! Get me back to the White House! Please! I wanna be president again. Please, God, let me be president again.”  #ItsaWonderfulLife2017
Weren’t those all the losers who said she win. Ha ha ha what a joke. I wouldn’t ever use you book to wipe my ??? Ha ha ha
Your ratings are awful,unlikeable above 60%, take the hint and move on you're killing the Democratic Party
And still Donald J Trump is President. Good luck with that book stuff.
Her book said Waaawaaawaaa
All fake news that no one with a brain reads. Way to go! Ha!
Brava madame @HillaryClinton Brava
Bravery is not writing a book.  Look at first responders, military, or good Samaritans that risk their lives to save ppl.
Uranium 1 Money laundering to clinton foundation may be a best seller too.
What more fake news. Where to look for this book.HMMMM in the fiction section.
Of course it was. It’s a brilliant book. 
Congrats!
It’s on my Christmas wish list. If Santa doesn’t get it for me I’m treating myself to a copy!
Hillary Clinton is inauthentic, and, unlike her husband, her fake persona strikes nobody as real. What Happened, a list of my-dog-ate-it excuses disguised as a book, shows us the answer even as it does not tell us.
https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-blocking-property-persons-involved-serious-human-rights-abuse-corruption/ …  Darn @HillaryClinton  I would so worry about this.. They can hear you breathing.. man it's going to be one hell of a storm..
yeah she can read it to her cell mates as a bed time story - a great fairy tale! https://wikileaks.org/dnc-emails/emailid/18139 …
I’m waiting for follow up, “Human Trafficking and Cannibalism: A How-to Guide“.
Executive Order Blocking the Property of Persons Involved in Serious Human Rights Abuse or Corruption https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-blocking-property-persons-involved-serious-human-rights-abuse-corruption/?utm_source=twitter … via @whitehouse
Yes! I got a copy. I found the paper kinda rough, and the ink transfers on my butt. Not as good as other toilet paper.
She and bill are laughing at all the snowflakes that bought that stupid book she still scamming the dummies
Nicky, what is the boss giving you per copy sold?
Lol
This is how. All her corruption billionaire/millionaire pals went and deleted bad reviews. 900 the first couple days. Her other book in 14 didnt make enough to pay the publisher back their hillary advance payment. Shes a smart fella. I mean fart smeller.
HAhahaaha and you people believe that? Hahahahahaha


Is it true that Trump was told he was being nominated for one of the best books of the year despite not writing anything but he said that still wasn't good enough and declined?
Trump is undoing everything Obama did. MAGA
Bot alert!
Quite popular in the UK too!
Has been at the front of the store at Whsmith every time I've been in.
Bs
What happened is on the cover. Hillary

 
This is nothing but fake news by Hillary this book isn't popular it's all a lie to get you to buy it.
I detest Trump. But I'm glad she lost.

Those are are all unreliable completely biased sources. They aren't credible at all. Hillary is sad & pitiful doesn't know how to bow out gracefully or never has learned to take responsibility for anything. What a disgrace!
All heavily leftist leaning outlets I see.
Thanks for the suggestion, but I have plenty of toilet paper.
No thanks. I have enough toilet paper.
All biased liberal rags
What Happened is she lost. We the citizens voted Trump in.
Why buy a book when you already know how it ends?
What Happened? Hillary Rodham Clinton. The front cover tells us everything we need to know.
I'm sure it's a great book but I sure wish the ending was different.
All alt left....please. People with common sense  can see that. Oh right..your constituents never had any.
Congratulations! Hope you tour more next year and please come to Dallas.
Will do. Just as soon as she contests the election.
@realDonaldTrump still more admired than you will ever be!!!!


Did you ever find out WHAT HAPPENED
Love New York City
I wouldn't take this piece of garbage "what happened?" if it was thrown in a free box at someones yard sale.
#soon!
This Happened!!!!!!!
No thank you. I know what happened.
What happened?: You stole the primaries from Bernie in collusion with DNC. Shame on you!!
That is because those with no individual thought do as they are told by the democrat machine give aways.  True Americans work for what they have and reject getting anything for nothing!!  There is always a catch!!!
Got one the minute it came out
Hillary is responsible for Trump being where he is. She should apologize till the end of Trump’s term ( 8 years)

Loved it!
Very enlightening reading. I love it.
It’s a long hard read...sorry.
FAKE NEWS!!
Lock her up
Trump will be finish
Finished, finished. At least try to spell correctly!

http://lol.You  could not pay me to buy anything from that lying crook.
I'll buy a ticket if Hillary has a seizure show.
LMFAO what a waste of money.
@HillaryClinton .
Wow, you guys don't know when to stop giving her money. She's got enough, thank you.
What for being the dumbest women on planet earth right there with kapernick you fake news people are losing your mind

Will I find it in the FICTION section?
Yes there are many people who believe in blaming anyone but themselves so I’m sure there is a big liberal audience of sore losers. Hillary please run again so Trump will be guaranteed a win

On the fiction shelf...
@HillaryClinton Forever with her.

@HillaryClinton got your book for Christmas , enjoying getting to know you on every page....thanks for being so candid
I read this book and it was fantastic...
ok...

Maybe they don't wanna end up on a hit list or maybe @HillaryClinton's buddy, #Awan, has the dirt on them.
Farcical.
I can tell you it was Number 1 all over Canadian Books stores.
That tells me alot about Canada  
Not even a real country anyway
Used to be..
You are not serious?
Fake News !!!!!
It's a wonderful book, a great read!  Beautifully written, insightful, helpful, touching, and inspirational.
We know WHAT HAPPENED. SHE LOST.
All of the far left media loved it? Shocker!
First time the ending of a book is on the cover: What happened? “Hillary Clinton”, that’s what happened 
Throw mama from the train was once the top box office movie too. 
#LockHerUp now.
Another book on the list to read
all liberal propaganda, deep state controlled media sources
Hey, Crooked, you've gone from potentially being the most powerful woman in the world to hawking books ad nauseam till we puke to handfuls of sycophants.  Good move.  Now why don't you just MoveOn.
Awesome . Love it. What a great read. HRC is a class act. HRC The People’s Choice
A class act that got 150 million plus in public service?
 We know What Happened!...@HillaryClinton LOST all on her own!  Nobody's fault but hers!  Thank God!!
If I were you I’d shut the hell up....
@krassenstein   HA HA HA  you're  joking right.  You get paid for your tweets. I found Hillary book at the dollar store. The only reason I bought it was cheaper the toilet paper
wow, all lefty shills, go figure.
As well it should be...it'd an excellent book!
