The #DNC paid for an Anti-Trump #Dossier.  

The #FBI and the #Obama admin used that dossier to gain #FISA surveillance on candidate Trump.

#AndrewMcCabe and #PeterStrzok discussed an #InsurancePolicy against a Trump victory.  

It is crazy to suggest your tweet is rational.
Extremely well said!!!!
Consider this retweeted 1,000 times! And don't forget how Mr. Comey had to announce the existence of possible new evidence, before the election, that turned out to be nothing. Of course.
Wow! Liberalism ought to be a crime
Why is it they always want to make everything a crime? Even rational thought.
Sadly there's nothing rational about liberalism - like I said, should be a crime
deflect distract deceive. tis the #gop way.
Oh, and don't forget PROJECT. Trump has helped the GOP hone that particular skill.
Unless you are 100% behind Trump,you are against him.He demands absolute loyalty.
Trump is worth the loyalty of toilet paper.

Where’s his loyalty to us? To this country? To humanity? 

His only loyalty is to money no matter who he steals it from
I agree
Nice try... Keep spinning. You are following the rules exactly the way I would expect a Dem to do. Accuse the other of what you are flagrantly guilty of. Good luck with that.
I cannot believe Hillary or her staff retweeted this. Well I can, nothing she has ever done is really her fault.
It's no secret that the FBI was acting to promote Hillary, and anyone thinking otherwise is a complete imbecile. There is enough evidence there, that ANYONE other than Hillary would already be in prison, so so spew your insanity elsewhere. Total BS.

Oh, @HillaryClinton, your allies at the FBI & DOJ are being ferreted out. Your time is coming....
An insult to peoples intelligence;for how long will U.S allow President Trump to disorganize the World Order not just the U.S?
7 more years
The Truth is the @FBI 7th floor wanted to run the government by blackmailing whoever was in power they were sure Hillary would win and wanted to let her know they owned her
Update!!
Dear @HillaryClinton: If you want to search for anything on Huma's email released today, feel free to use my site:

 http://huma-emails.thebradfordfile.com/ …
how many FBI agents have been fired or reassigned the last couple months? Her "hubris" according to Colin Powell  always does her in.
"It must suck to hijack your party, steal a nomination, turn DNC into money laundromat, bury any evidence against you, finance fake dossier, swipe the debate questions, and promise free everything, yet still lose to someone you call incompetent."
#DonnaBrazileBookExcerpt
Even with proof you're all in denial - how the heck are you going to handle when the pedophile and human trafficking info comes out
The FBI kept Hillary out of jail when she should’ve been in it, colluded with Loretta Lynch to undermine Hillaries criminal investigation, while also launching a witch hunt investigation into Trump & used a Clinton paid Dossier to justify illegal wiretaps against him & his team.
FBI let her walk before investigation even over. Original draft was gross negligence. Do u really think people are unaware.
Based upon what I have observed by the evidence is that certain people at the top of the FBI food chain are responsible for helping Hillary Clinton sabotage Donald Trump with the fake Russian Dossier.
I've done so much research on this & read the indictments & other court cases.
Who's paying you to hide the truth from the American people and keep their attention away from the real corruption being exposed?
The FBI didn't help sink Hillary's campaign, she did that all by herself.  Since the top officials at the FBI are all Hillary supporters and donated to her makes it pretty suspicious that they wouldn't be anti-Trump.
Off point a bit but the whole idea that H lost due 2 Comey coming out with his report in Oct just makes me laugh. I remember seeing Trump signs all over Pa on Labor day weekend 2016 & yes, drumroll please, ONE Hillary sign, lol! And his signs stayed till election day!
Truly ridiculous. 
Comey responded to Traitor playing the ref one month before election.
I'll bet the FBI wish they'd helped her now.
They tried, failed and will go to prison as the criminals they are.
It's totally crazy for you to think they DID NOT help her. We the people CANNOT WAIT until they #LockHerUp
Did you not know Trump answers to Crazy?
Obviously you do as well.
The FBI, like all human institutions, is a conglomerate of wildly disparate individuals with oftentimes conflicting agendas.  What is sort of "crazy" is to speak of an "institution" as monolithic and not capable of exhibiting irregular and/or inscrutable behavior.
The point about "disparate individuals" making up an organization is well taken, but who would've thought that we'd see a time when super-patriots would attack the FBI, or at least its leadership?
I agonized, a few years ago about this "patriotism" issue in an essay.  As you use it, "super-patriots" is an epithet, and well it should be.  See:
I mean, comey did write her exoneration statement before even doing the investigation..
They did collude with mueller and comey and mccabe and others to cover up the uranium one scandal...

Where have you even been?
We all know your in bed with the FBI Crooked Hillary
Classified Huma Abedin Emails Found On Anthony Weiner's Laptop Discussing Hamas, Israel And Palestinian Authority
Bye Felicia...
How did you RT this from GITMO?
#TheStormIsHere #LockHerUp 
Not Crazy At All 
Does GITMO have WiFi?
ME THINKS SHE DOTH PROTEST TOO MUCH! Since @HillaryClinton first destroyed 33,000 e-mails then retweeted this... it exhibits a "Consciousness of Guilt" ~ a type of circumstantial evidence used in criminal trials by prosecutors. 
(Her lawyers might want to counsel her on this.)
Hillary Clinton sinked Hillary's campaign.
FBI didnt sink. Killary did that all on her own.
Voters deserved to know both before the election.
They also never thought he’d win! Oops! #WeThePeople spoke and we will see what the vote really looks like when #VoterID becomes law! Everyone who is of legal voting age is required to have a State Issued ID. Sucks to be the haters in #2020 your gonna cry all over again! #MAGA
Not at all.
Everyone knows that the only reason why
Obama's politically-weaponized @FBI
did NOT reveal that they were 'investigating' Trump
is because they'd bought a #Fake Fusion GPS Dossier
to ILLEGALLY obtain a FISA
to ILLEGALLY eavesdrop on the competition.
So #BananaRepublic
Actually, the NY FBI agents were going to revolt & @Comey had no choice but to expose the Clinton email findings.  He would never have come forward if they did not threaten revolt!
TOTALLY crazy. 
It's as easy as ABC. Let me explain. The .@fbi, i.e., James Comey could not blatantly and outwardly refuse to investigate Hillary because what she did was so obvious but they could conspire to find a way to let her walk.  The way they investigated Trump was unethical & illegal!
https://twitter.com/spaymsm/status/950222629482283009 …
If they were trying to sink Hillarys campaign they would have prosecuted her instead of protecting her...How stupid do you think people are????
Get as far away from the koolaide stand as you can. All the while having an investigation of Hillary labeled “special”. Uh huh! 
It's what Fox Propaganda sells, so the #GOPCult eats it up.
The final step, if she’s not in Gitmo already.  #thestormishere #qanon
Laugh Out Loud...
HRC deletes 33k emails, pays for a bogus report against Trump, which is used to get FISA warrant and hammers devices she said didn’t have
But yeah, hey look over there! Russia! and you and the lost libs in this thread think people are buying this? For F’s sake, convicted felon
Weiner has classified material in the computer he used to communicate w underage girls. How inch of that is in China now?

State Department Releases 2,800 Clinton Emails, Many Of Which Were Classified, Found On Weiner's Computer https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2017-12-29/state-department-releases-2800-clinton-emails-many-which-were-classified-found …
I'm a Canadian who was watching CNN leading up to the election and I couldn't believe how biased MSM was.  They tried everything to take  President Trump down and they still are.  It really showed me their true colours.  Remember how Zucker said he was going to beat POTUS?

You people are nuts... Lol... So approving of the FBI now that they're going after Trump... Lets see how many people on here trust the FBI when it's starts going after the Real Criminals. Hillary and Obama's justice dept!
Hillary was saved by the FBI in just the nick of time,,,. 
Then Hillary lost the election.  Bwhaaaaaha-ha- ha. 
THE WHOLE WORLD KNEW #CrookedHillary was under investigation Trump was NEVER under FBI investigation, Dopey. Comey told the whole world that fact in June of 2017. Were you high or drunk that day?
Logic is not the forte of the folks on the right.
get back on your meds mate. Hillary Clinton was only allowed to run as a candidate for President because certain high ranking officials at the FBI and DOJ neutered the Clinton email investigation. We have much more to expose, but here is a start

Let's face it, anyone in their right mind is anti trump. The fact we are hostage to a minority, and they are doing things the majority doesn't want...shows we need structural change. No more electoral college. White male supremacy must end.
Just cause your islamophobic doesn't mean the rest of us are. America's problem us Christian Terrorism. Wake up.
Uh huh....in my view, you are like the pharisees. The ones jesus chastised for turning his temple into a den of thieves.
Being anti-Trump is pro-America.

Comey didn't leak the memo to the House, Chaffetz did. Comey, the honorable boyscout, got played by Chaffetz, a dishonorable leaky jerk.
@jasoninthehouse
The #MAGA mentality is skewed and screwed! It’s an infectious disease. I’m afraid they’ve been exposed to something that’s mind controlling!
#memoday this is what is crazy. To think that this was going on while all of the taxpayers were so supportive of an "honest candidate". Shame! #MAGA #ReleaseTheMemo go @realDonaldTrump keep draining the swamp!
#ReleaseTheDocuments #ReleaseTheMemo
Oh quite the contrary my friend.
The FBI Trump is speaking of is only Mueller, Comey, Rosenstein and a few others. 
Corruption came from the top, not the working soldier bees.
Big difference.
Know this.
#TheirTimeIsComing
#TheStormHasArrived 
#MAGA
I assume that even Trump-supporters ought to agree. FBI statement on Hillary was  the official explaination for firing Comey. If he fired Comey to protect himself and his admin it was obstruction of justice and he should in that case be removed from the office (like Nixon).
Where is old #CrookedHillary? I noticed that she hasn’t been running her big mouth & attacking @POTUS lately. She must be busy destroying some more evidence & planning an escape route.She is going to look great in orange! #LockHerUp #TheStormIsHere #TheStorm #MAGA
Resist. Protest. Time for we the people 3 million more, “majority” to march every republican house & Senate office. Congress is obstructing. We must all unite for justice. protest for democracy. No one can do anything. Together we can. The king gotta go!
The FBI had to reveal Hillary's ongoing investigation or be caught up in her crimes.
Which they are.
"Dirty Cop" @Comey ONLY reopened the investigation into Clinton's illegal email server bc there were SO MANY honest FBI agents who were upset about the "matter" and might expose him; as they are now by whistleblowing. Stay tuned for more.
Comey needed "plausible deniability".
Will we ever know why the FBI chose her “email bs” to sway the election vs the fact that trump and his campaign were committing treason? Clearly American voters should have had this info 
you would have to be brain dead not to realize that comey was fixing her matter so as not to be indicted for what others have been jailed for
Except Comey testified in June that he told @realDonaldTrump THREE TIMES that he was NOT under investigation. Retweet that!
I’m putting my muscle behind the Rule of Law and the FBI, Professor @tribelaw.  If’d you’d like one of these tee-shirts (whose proceeds are supporting the FBI’s charitable organizations) let me know.  As someone who has admired you since law school, it’s my gift to you!

@HillaryClinton sent classified material to Anthony Weiner - which is illegal- the FBIs job is to deal with illegal acts-
LMAO, the only thing she deserves is jail time. #LOCKHERUP
So lame Hillary! Your Twitter minions need to keep researching!

Comey is a DIRTY cop.
Except,  Candidate and PRES Trump wasnt being investigated by the FBI, per Comey himself. Tiny detail.
I don’t think you really understand what’s really going on, it’s sickening, once it surfaces in the mainstream it will rock this country!
He couldn't very well tell that Trump team was being illegally spied on based on a fake dossier(financed by Clinton campaign) used to fraud  obtain FISA warrants after Lynch let a Russian lawyer into the country to meet with Don, Jr.   now could he?
She sank herself

Let's send the old golfer back to greener pastures as he lost the plot long time ago. SAD!  #KremlinGate #Moron #NeedToImpeach
Yeah, pretty funny to see right wingers claim suddenly that FBI is a left-leaning organization.
Oh bologna, one would think a man of your talents would be able to come up with a more comprehensive explanation rather than just parroting the DNC/Clinton talking points. FBI didn't "sink Hillary's campaign", she did that all on her own, THE PEOPLE just aren't into her.
Moron. Under oath Comey testified Trump was not under investigation and that your news was fake.
The NYC office is an FBI unto itself. They were leaking to Giuliani. Comey had no choice but to reveal the Hillary stuff.
Well, the reason they didn't publicize Trump's investigation, is because they knew it stemmed from the Steele dossier, which was fake! That would have publicized who financed it, and who was behind it, along with the FISA warrants.  #GoMueller ... Do you liberals EVER think?
Oh please....do you live so far back in the sticks  that you only receive one channel on that little television?  You Trumpers and your conspiracy theories are usually entertaining but this one begins to bore me....please find a new shtick!
LMFAO. do you live so far back that you're afraid of the truth? Why do liberals assume there's only 1 channel for NON-liberals? You should stop watching the MSM. They have 1 agenda, and it isn't the truth. Liberals bore me too. Same old marches, same old words, etc.
Yeah it is. However, consider Trumpsters. They’ve soured on politics due to indignities they think they endured cos of monolithic GOV’T, w/ no inkling of political complexities and corporate swindles.

 they may have paid scant attention to politics, education or justice.
Trumpians are often alcoholic and/or have health problems if they are older, or are completely soured on capitalism if they are younger, in general. What do they have in common? All want someone, anyone to get their comeuppance. They embrace drama, while rejecting pesky facts.
So let me get this straight:  According to the Michael Wolff fantasy book, Donald Trump:

1) Did not want to win.
2) Promised his wife he would not win.
3) Suffers from dementia.
4) Ran a "listless" campaign.

And he STILL beat Hillary's $1.2 billion juggernaut?

My God.
@laturner79 It was a mistake not to inform the public, Trump was under FBI investigation.HE SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN ALLOWED TO RUN.
The cognitive dissonance that allows the right wing to believe what it does is breathtaking. It's the same logic that Obama was the biggest tyrant of all times and the least effectual president ever.
You know what scared me tonight is that Trump is thinking more and more that he was elected to be the first King of the United States and Supreme Leader. Then he will order the military or lackey Capital Police to shoot down all of both houses of Congress. What is so stupid is
This thread lays out how conservative elements in NYC FBI, former FBI & Giuliani pushed against HRC & for Trump
(THREAD) It's time to tell the biggest untold story of the 2016 election: how a cadre of pro-Trump FBI agents and intel officers—some active, some retired—conspired to swing the election to Trump. The story involves…
how about this, professor: why are there millions of brainwashed minions who are in a trance regarding trump, adamant that he is incapable of acting illegally...? #mysterytome
No kidding. Well. The other side still won’t get this.
Ginny, your freudian slip  is showing right next to your monumental stupidity! Saaaaaad!!
Hey, Ginny, I'm par of the resistance-bigtime!!!!!!!!

#Trumplandia
The facts are the facts we will see in several days!
That's funny bc all I heard was bad Trump this and bad Trump that. #TRUMP2K20
Another republican diversionary tactic to change the subject. They want you to buy into their argument so you can forget what the hell you were talking about. Trump has taught them well.
EVERYONE KNEW @HillaryClinton would win #dirtycopComey & #FBI just provided pre-clearance 2put emails 2rest B4 #hillary took office #MAGA
Haha. With what's been revealed about the FBI investigation(Peter Strozak) and Comey's pre written conclusion, I find your question to be absurd.
She wanted to RAISE taxes and put coal miners out of work. Country would have been in total dismay. Trump train!! Choo choo
No evidence against Trump, but boatloads now piling up against Hillary. And she screwed Bernie
Crazy to think the FBI did not favor and protect Clinton even into the current administration. Thanking God Trump is in office to uncover just how corrupt the Justice Department, Congress and the media is. Draining the Swamp is fun to watch. #Wikileaks, the real hero
WOW, IT'S CALLED DELUSION, YOU HAVE IT BAD. IT WAS HILLARY CONTROLLING DNC, ORDERING FAKE DOSSIER,  OBAMA GETTING FISA WARRANT, WIRETAPPING TRUMP, AND YOU KNOW.......THE STORY. AND SO DO WE.
Call me crazy! Turns out the @FBI was leaking pro-Clinton, anti-Trump stories to the @WSJ and other media. Head #FBI officials were also texting vile anti-Trump sentiments to each other during campaigns, and much, MUCH worse...
@HillaryClinton the fbi leadership was weaponized due to Obama. Anyone with a brain can clearly see this. Duh.
President TRUMP isn't burning up computers or smashing phones ,etc., with hammers.  
 What would Seth Rich have to say ? Ambassador Stevens ? Poor Haitians?  Will Huma plead the 5th? 
The Globaalist sympathizers all despise PRESIDENT TRUMP for MAGA.
America First before parties
The Obama DOJ on the other hand was proved to be completely in bed with Dem party, as proved several times, and had influence over the FBI
So what was the neutral FBI’s response to the DOJ/Bill Clinton tarmac meeting?
#ticktock
They let her get away with many serious felony charges. The only reason Comey said anything at all was because it was already leaked by wiki leaks... and when is she taking her trip to Guantánamo Bay?
#freeinternet4iran
L..dude...it’s all f**ed up..word
Not very bright are you
Why did @hillaryclinton sell 20% of the USA uranium to RUSSIA?!!!! #Uraniumone #uranium1
That was all mixed up.
Hillary sunk herself. That's what happened. Any other explanation is rooted in mental illness.
Crazy = republicon thinking for decades.
For showing such strong anto -Trump bias and most likely *collusion* against Trump this has already happened
The Clintons are a 50 year crime and money laundering spree, about to come to a crashing end, preferably with jail cells.
The American people sank Hillary’s campaign. They, not the Russians or the FBI, elected Donald Trump to be their president. They made the right choice. James Comey, for his own vainglorious reasons, kept Hillary out of jail.
MSM -cough cough- must repeat this over and over and over !  they’re GOOD at it.. EX. : HER DAMN EMAILS
Aaaaaaaahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah.........................retarded
IMO, you're all missing the mark all together. 

#HUMANITY 
#BootsOnTheGround
#Chimera
BILL CLINTON'S SON FROM BLACK PROSTITUTE SPEAKS #ClintonFoundation #BillClinton
Do you really have half a brain?  Of course @FBI helped her. Turn off your #FakeNews and read the findings so far. Read who’s involved and all their inner circle connections relationships marriages etc. No one is fooled. Obama looks bad too! #MAGA 
With the mountains of evidence, I think its crazy to believe otherwise! Open your eyes!
We can’t pretend that we don’t see the inconsistencies, word games and, yes, corruption in some of the players including some Investigators in the FBI
Yeah, it was the FBI's fault that Hillary had an illegal, unauthorized server with Top Secret information on it. And it was the FBI's fault she lied about it every chance she got.
Hahahaha! Why won't you debate Dershowitz? 
Except there is direct evidence (FBI internal communications) proving the fraudulent corrupt FBI and Mueller team planned to gin up charges against Trump if “their candidate” lost at the ballot. She did. They did. You are just in deep denial. #insurancepolicy
Bob Mueller is a Republican #RemoveNunes
Totally crazy land.
@J_Cole_Morrison HAHAHA
The FBI tilts right. We all know that. When the Republicans say FBI is "biased " that means there are a few Dems on the team.  Seriously this insanity needs to be called out.
It's crazy to think she didn't blackmail or pay off Comey + lynch, not to mention half the FBI on her payroll. She's going down 4 ALL her crimes. All corruption will b exposed and justice will be served in Jesus' name
The "uber-strong, independent Hillary Clinton" lost because of all these "outside forces that ganged up on her campaign"?  ...right.  Either Hillary's "strength" and "qualifications" as a candidate and person were vastly overstated, or maybe she has to accept a bit of resp.?
You either have one hell of a sense of humor or you are seriously deluded.
Yeah NO they are all in deep shit, the republicans have extremely dirty hands
Larry, would you like to comment on what was found on pervert Weiners laptop? I know, crazy to think the @FBI and crooked @Comey protected Hillaryl and Huma


#CrookedHillary
If you cannot grasp the information coming out of all the hearings about HOW CORRUPT FBI/DOJ agents COVERED UP FOR SHITLERY, you are a mindless bot.

Watching Democrats bash Russia for 'undermining democracies around the world' while they themselves spent the past year trying to undermine the duly-elected president in their home country. The irony is glooming.
You couldn’t sell this plot 
There's more to what's meets the EYE! JONO
Absolutely adore @HillaryClinton for retweeting this herself  #queen
Even the Clinton fan club CNN is calling foul on the FBI and even stated.....wait for it..... That President Trump is right on the FBI.
Hey Laurence are you as dense as you look?!  Does FAKE RUSSIAN DOSSIER ring a bell to you ?!
What if Hillary gets screwed by Weiner?
What if Hillary gets screwed by Weiner? 
Tribe you drink Soy Milk right?
Tribe’s twit is an outrage and affront to legal ethics. He does not deserve to be part of a profession that exists to serve and protect clients. Disbar Laurence Tribe immediately !
Instead of trying to stir up communist hysteria, wait for the facts in the report of the Inspector General on January 15th.

Panicking like this before the report is published shows once again that the the crooked left is mighty scared of the truth!
Hillary, better start reading
Getting worried that the public is finding out arent you??
