The #GOPTaxScam is on its way to Trump's desk to be signed into law. 

Let that sink in for a minute. Then channel your rage by donating to the opponents of every swing district Republican who voted for it here  …
OR... splurge a little on your loved ones & have a VERY #MerryChristmas #ThanksTrump 
Yeah, somehow I do not think any advice you give on how to win an election is going to be taken too seriously.

Mrs. Clinton this Bill sounds very bad. I have followed but all the icing on the world just isn't selling me. Thoughts?
@swingleft you are a loser.
Thank you!God bless WJCF!!
Poor Hillary you will get over it
Tick tock...
Abt to be 3 straight qtrs of 3%+ GDP growth after 8 yrs of >3% growth under BO.
70 days of record highs in stock mkt this yr.
Black unemployment rate down to 7% from 9.2% in BOs last yr, lowest since 2000.
Tax rate cut 4 mid inc brackets+higher credit.
The horror. 
Loser.
Our outrage is that you are not behind bars yet..
#ClintonCrimeFamily
I'm not outraged. I'm getting a tax cut. A bigly one.
That is cause for celebration, not outrage.
Yep...typical republican.  Always putting personal bank acct. above country, the sick, elderly and poor. Probably call yourself a Christian too.
grow up crybaby
Yep....typical republican, again!
yes, i vote republican mostly
and i do so specifically because i know that things like this tax cut are good for the country. ending the immoral individual health insurance mandate is good for the country. none of this would happen with a democrat in the white house.
A Tax cut truly benefiting the middle class would happen under a Democrat.
$1,400 is a big deal. that's $1,400 i can put in my 401k or use to fix my girlfriend's car or pay for an engagement ring. it makes a big difference in a lot of people's lives.
Expires in 8 yrs.  Corp.  tax cuts do not expire.  Meanwhile, families depending on CHIP for their sick children are SOL...maybe next year they say. If you have a child with a debilitating illness, this is going to bankrupt many or force families to choose between food or meds.
Naw lets bug you. Go away
The real outrage is that you're not locked up in jail yet!
there are no words for the past year! The REpublicans are moral cowards
Aww, Hillary a word for you, bitterness will not bring your reputation back to a level of respect from the American people, if you confess your sins to Almighty God ask for forgiveness, that’s your last hope ma’am.
I'M SO MAD MY TAXES ARE BEING CUT!
oh hey bro congrats on being a one percenter can't wait to cut government services to the sick poor and elderly
President Trump Keeps Promises:

No TPP
Tax Reform
Keystone Pipeline
Justice Neil Gorsuch 
Illegal border crossings down
Repealed Obamacare individual mandate

I am so thankful you will never be president.
#WednesdayWisdom
He does keep his promises you just haven’t realized you might have been played. Once you realize who he promised you might think differently. I hope and pray I am wrong. Time will tell. Continued success with your 401k.
Do you not have a 401K?
No honey, my treatments have eaten that away. No matter how wealthy one is, I have found, most of us are one illness from poverty.
I’m sorry
I have a good life, God has blessed me with this opportunity to meet some of the best, most courageous and loving people I have ever known. I have also learned people over things.
Yes ma’am 
We hope all anti-Constitutionalists are outraged enough to leave.
ENOUGH TALK!  TIME TO ACT!  THE GOP MUST GO BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY.
Ms. Clinton, I appreciate you, but Swing Left brushed off the SC05 special for really dumb reasons. They directed volunteers who live HERE to other districts. @Archie4Congress came closer to winning than the others, anyway. But, what if?
eww why did @swingleft ignore SCO5? Maybe digital elites shouldn't be the deciders all the time?
At one point they seemed to be telling us we had too many Black voters here. Even after Archie’s close miss on almost no money, we aren’t one of their targets.
that's really disappointed. I hope @swingleft reaches to you and me after seeing these tweets.
Who are u???
#ReleaseTheMemo
Love you, Hillary! You should be the one in the Oval! You are an amazing woman! Don't let the tRump fools get you down! Their day is coming! It's Mueller Time!
Maybe if you wouldn’t have felt you were ENTITLED to the Presidency and campaigned harder you could have won. For the first time in your life be accountable. You blew it. Deal with the consequences.
Dear Hillary, 

Today AG Sessions sent an official communi regarding Uranium One, the Clinton Foundation and you.

Did you not receive your copy?  

Please. Be my guest. 
Signed, 
Hard Working Voter
I agree. Here’s what I did....thanked a Republican for voting for the tax cut.
I am outraged you're not in a cage.

You’re STILL NOBODYS PRESIDENT!
She is my Predident.
That’s the closest she will ever get to being called President.
The GOP tax bill is making me richer every day, and probably is everyone else, unless you live in Calif where the government is going to take your gains from you. But liberals, please stay in California, we don’t want your socialism spread around.
I'm not outraged. I'm a middle class guy who will save thousands on my taxes next year. I'm pretty happy.
If you're middle class, your tax cuts will be small and temporary. The rich and corporations get the hefty, permanent tax breaks.
According to @MarketWatch calculator, I'll be saving a couple thousand over my last several years. I'm good with that.

Well, Hillary, the tax bill is working pretty well. Now don’t you feel stupid! You should
Still not tired of winning
What have you won?
listed above 
Oh, that was you? Those are your *accomplishments*, your *wins*? Sit down, child.
Child! Please, Sparky;) As a business owner, I’m gonna love keeping more of my tax dollars!
Don't count on it

Have you seen @AdyBarkan ?  He is worth a retweet or to Hillary.
Mr Barkan is the poster child for what the Republicans have just done to America. People are literally going to die and there's nothing we can do about it until 2018.
It's so sad that none of this would have happened if Russia didn't interfere in our elections. Russia is destroying our country and the Republicans sit back and watch
We need Robert Mueller to hurry and get this over with ASAP
Keep your hopes up...Mueller is working for Trump and with DOJ OIG...Sessions and Trump will clean up the swamp in the next few months...good luck in 2018!
You’ve lost your mind.
Oh Melody...no matter how I laid out the framework, you would never believe me.  You honestly believe Trump colluded with Russ...trust me, all will be laid bare in next few months.
I know it will be laid out.  What will you do when you find that you’re wrong?  Will you be able to admit it?
Yea Trumps desk, not yours. Gotta sting a little. Aren’t you polling worse than Trump now? Go away Hillary.
#GOPTaxCutsHeist #TrumpTaxCutsHeist
Republicans are celebrating:
✔︎ Giving billions in tax cuts to the rich
✔︎ Taking health care from 13 million people
✔︎ Opening an Alaskan wildlife refuge to drilling…
I hope these scum get ass cancer and it is ruled a ore-existing condition because no ACA. That would be poetic justice. Why do people live the rich so much? Most of them are slave-master grifters!
M.A.G.A.,  PRISON TIME FOR YOU HILLARY.....
Guess what everyone!
They are going to keep all your money.
The only “scam” against We The People was Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, Loretta Lynch, Bill Clinton, The FBI, The DNC, John Podesta, The Main Stream Media, The Clinton Foundation Pay for Play, etc, etc, etc.
Blah, blah, blah! Hey Hill, have you seen you're approval numbers?
You’re???? 
Yes Ma'am. Love triggering liberals
Thanks! I love laughing at absurdity.
I love seeing libs go nuts. It doesn't take much and It always makes my day seeing simple things 'trigger' people. I'll never understand it, however, it's fun. Please note the I in it. Have a wonderful night.
You and I really don’t agree, but whatever makes you happy. Have a nice night.
No, we don't. Doesn't mean I don't like you though. Have a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! May God Bless you.
Are there any right-wing Twitter handles in these Tweets with at least a sixth-grade level of grammatical and spelling skills? Embarrassing
MAGA

Outrage?  Try elation!! I thank Trump and God everyday for beating you.  Go retire quietly
The only outrages that you're not in prison for murder.
your husband would just r a p e another kid
We really miss you Mrs Hillary
Thank god it passed!!
You first! When do you pay for your numerous outrageous crimes?  Treason at its highest form! You and hubby and Obama's!!!!
I channeled my mental faculties without emotion 8 Nov 2016 when I DID NOT vote for you. It felt sooooo goood. I smile every time I see Donald in the oval office. I smile bigger seeing SCOTUS lined up. Still, seeing that electoral college ticker roll over the last bit - nirvana!
madam how are you?

Still asking for donations, how much % do you get of it????????
You should be in prison
Thank you Barrak Obama for leaving us a good economy.  Anyone with a brain knows Commander Cheeto didn’t do it in 10 months. He’s just taking credit. In fact he killed people today. Hope he gets Anus cancer. Him and his whole disgusting family! That’s my prayer!
Democrats:

"I wasn't mad about Kate Steinle being murdered by an illegal alien, but it sure does anger me that I'm getting back more money from my taxes."
Yes, donate to Democrats so the can use it for fake aid services, corrupt Clinton FDN, fake dossier's, FBI payoffs, hush payouts for real sex crimes & speak up payouts for fake sex crimes & the list goes on with the great things they'll do with the $.
? what is this
Lock HRC up!
No outrage here. Just a big payday on my latest paycheck.  Trumps the greatest.  MAGA
Hey, maybe now Democrat women will pay for their own birth control w/all that extra cash.
Enemies- Republican women don’t pay for their birth control? Sad...
Merry Christmas to all and our Beautiful 1st Family! @POTUS
Nope, just a dotard grifter and illegal alien harlot who’s vag is posted all over the place. Sad...
No outrage,glad every day that ur antiamerica lying murdering ass is not my president.
But you elect a con Russian colluding traitor who will take everyones money. Your clan is the confederacy of dunces.
I didn't, i voted for trump
Too bad my uncle lost his life fighting fascists In ww2 only to have  greedy, gluttonous fascists  take over the USA. But it’s only temporary .... #ALABAMA
It sounds to me like someone has not gotten over losing the presidential election. How does it feel to have Donald Trump as your president?
It’s not a scam
Done! My monthly contribution is now locked and loaded.
Don't limit yourself to what have traditionally been described as "swing districts." If a Democrat can win a Senate race in Alabama, ALL seats should be considered to be in play.
Awww. How adorable. The troll who was posting utter garbage about HRC as if it were credible has blocked me. Thanks, troll. You saved me the time and energy. Happy Holidays! Have a Blessed Solstice!
Poverty wage earner using Trump/GOP new $12,000 standard deduction saves him/her $545 in taxes.   Good for them...more $ for the worker.
Yeah I guess that national debt dotard promised to pay will just pay itself.
Obama n Congress added over 8+ TRILLION in 8 years and called it a 'recovery" and look at our infrastructure after 8 trillion under Obama. 
LMAO! So a 1.48% average GDP over 8 years is thriving? Lol!!! Adding 1.5 million more people on foodstamps was thriving? Lol!!!!
Hey, Hillary

I'm not mad Fifth Third Bancorp  $15
I'm not mad Boeing's investing $300 M
I'm not mad at AT&T's $1000 bonuses
I'm not mad Wells Fargo  $15

#NotMyPresident
Now lets play the mid term game when people have more of their money with more people employed and the Democrats can run on a platform that they tried their best to prevent all this from happening! Not tired of winning yet!
Oh, you mean like the people at Carrier whose jobs Trump saved?  Except they've disappeared?  You believe foolishness.
President Trump is just getting going!  Even Reagan didnt turn the mess left by Carter until the fall of 82!  The bonus is even the haters will benefit from his guidance.  Of course you can give it back if you wish!
This will be the first action by Trump to affect the economy.  The "saved" money will not go into higher wages or increased employment. The major corporations have said so publicly.  Then debt will balloon and threaten us, and they'll try to cut Social Security and Medicare.
The debt ballooned? You mean equal to all past Pres combined doubling it like Obama?  Cant use that argument if you were not upset about that!  Beauty is in a year we will find out who was right, Democrats or Republicans!
You didn't notice that W invaded Iraq, against most people's advice, and that that nasty adventure had to be paid for?  That was a bill passed along to the next administration, thank you.  Obama's deficit was lower than any modern president's.
 ROCK the VOTE 2018
Create a DEMOCRATIC
SENATE & HOUSE
You never or will ever care about the middle class. So called “tax scam” is the first tax reform in 3 decades to have a meaningful impact on working class families.
You high?  17% which will be taken from us over the next decade to fund corporate taxes is not helping you, we'll maybe it is. You must consider middle class starts at 200k
Middle class does not start at 200k.
Average family will see $2500 savings + double child tax deduction. Only the rich have kids apparently.
People mistakenly think or are crying that the middle class makes 200k or above.  I'm not poor and I'm not rich, I'm the middle class & I don't make 200k.  The forgotten are the ones in between public assistance & 150k.  That is who benefits this tax reform, as it should!
No offense to you, but money is not the answer. Your campaign had plenty.
I know what a shame!
And once convicted & you're hanging there...with eyes popping out ...we will remind you  that
we came, 
we saw, 
we hung
Republicans demand answers over claims Obama gave Hezbollah a pass http://fxn.ws/2zbWlEM  #FoxNews
All you want from the people is there money, shows who u r

JUST IN: Sessions orders Justice Dept to launch new probe of Uranium One deal http://hill.cm/lZ5i33u  


It's really a Tax Scam " let's all turn the red state to blue. Say  no to Tax scam in a bullot in 2018 &2020 I'm with you"everything about Trump  is a scam for sure!!
Swing left and destroy the country. That's what happened!
I Agree HRC
Support Hillary - Support the Truth:
Shit Hillary. There are folks digging and finding some serious corrupt stuff you've done through your entire poloitical career. When it all comes out, you will be exposed as possibly the most corrupt, immoral politician in our history. Just a terrible person.
Outrage??? You're not our President and we just got a new Tax plan!!! Celebrate!!!!
FBI is coming - Merry Christmas!
We did something productive on Nov 8 2016, and you paid the price of Obama's epic failure of the past 8 years, I rooted for you in 08 however you didn't won in 2016 because you would have continued Obama's policies.

I'm impressed by your evidence. Literally none.
So, your solution is we take our tax cuts and give them to politicians? That idiocy is why you lost the presidency.
Well said.

H is so dumb. Glad she don't live on Pennsylvania ave.
People are outraged because your a criminal that ran for president not because you lost, what reality do you live in? maga lady ! BTW nice boot seems to be a lot of those these days

What we will do with our outrage is continue to encourage our AG to bring charges against you! You scrubbing your hands real good? Might as well stop that blood will never come off. We remember Benghazi do you?
U should b president
Do u read the negative replies or does your staff only forward the positive ones to U.
I only saw u send 1 reply to a positive one time

Frankly I’m not outraged. I’m overjoyed you lost and President Trump’s agenda is in full swing. 

Back to the woods with ye!



(ง ͠° ل͜ °)ง   ☚(ﾟヮﾟ☚)     (ง •̀_•́)ง     凸(｀⌒´メ)凸
You are just jealous. GO AWAY!
The only outrage felt today is about how you’re above the law
Middle class people gona cry after 15 March lots of lay off so many companies gona bankruptcies
Swing left?!? Homey don't play dat!
You are completely irrelevant. Sucks to have lost, doesn't it?
Buenos días 
Antes de elecciones te escribi
Al Facebook  y allí te dije que sabía cómo Canarias
También  dije lo que tu contrincante haría y todo está ocurriendo tal cual
Pasarán cosas mayores y está en riesgo la misma humanidad
You have deleted emails to hide what you have done with your treasonous acts!
Yours is a sad existence. I have said it many times, fade away and enjoy being your Grandma self, it is time.Why do you see it so bad that the American people have their money working for them?Where's the optimism one should possess when representing others? WHAT HAPPENED?@POTUS
You mean like boycott companies that are giving back money to their employees and investing in the USA because of the tax break? Yeah, liberal logic...
Not one penny for you Hillary, not a one!
So u will never be president & the book tour is finished,what's next? Will u finally go away and enjoy all the money you stole? Or will u continue to make an ass out of yourself?
Eventually one of your minions will rat you out!
Enjoy federal prison
#MAGA
I choose to laugh at your tweets. I have no rage. I am overjoyed. LOL #MAGA
Wooooooooooo!!!  Every day’s a great day that YOU don’t have access to the “Pen”!!! 
Can't calm down. .I feel so outrageous. I'm gonna have to donate my entire assets. Don't stop me now! !
So many fake tweet accounts on here.  
Jail time soon Hillary
In order to #resist you now have to VOLUNTARILY pay more taxes. Checkmate 
sorry - don't have money for others until we count up how much we have left for us. Perhaps u could chip in or ur many wealthy friends? If buying freedom is what we're doing - only the rich will have it.
Seriously the country would be a lot kinder and safer if Hillary was president.
Macy’s has a terrific Christmas sale on blankets and pacifiers. Maybe you should re-stock your supply since the only tax-payer funded public housing Hillary will be returning to will be a Federal Prison! MERRY CHRISTMAS!

HI
Let’s not and say we did.

What is number 128,675 why you lost. I’ll take #hillaryexcuses for $1,000 Alex. #outoftouch
LMAO #MAGA
Now your promoting outrage?
Well, that "book thing" kind of fell through when no one bought it.
@swingleft
#StillWithHer

im not out raged also dont tell me what to do dude!
Soon you will not have to worry about anything. You will be in prison with your husband and your best friend Obama. Now I  know where your little brother gets his crooked ways. #LockHerUp
Control guns-save Americans by Satish Sharma India
You still have access to a computer? I'm surprised ! @robreiner
@MariaTCardona @swingleft Mike Pence went to Afghanistan looking for his dignity. Nope, not There! Hmmm

I am so very thankful that there is zero chance of you ever becoming President. #worthless #corrupt
And you have cause so many deaths and issues with America... i’m not surprised that half the United States has it lynched you yet?
Ignore all the companies that come out with raises, bonuses and infrastructure spending plans.  Just get back on your broke, oppressed horse and ride off into the sunset. @HillaryClinton
Nasty much? If people weren’t such sheep this would be laughable, but unfortunately people take this seriously and actually believe the tax cut is bad for them... #sheeple
https://youtu.be/OmgzRBg1xHo 
Something productive to do with your outrage today:  Start a rumor that Kim Jong Un has dirt on HRC!  Watch him commit "suicide" or be shot in the back of the head twice!
Tick tock Tick tock Tick tock Tick tock Tick tock Tick tock Tick tock Tick tock you are gonna get locked up

Continue to miss you!!
Ta, no, he ain’t.
Yaaaaay!  THE GOP TAX PLAN PASSED!  WoooooHoooo!!!
Christ. ..you still here?
.@HillaryClinton The insanity the left has caused is disgusting. You have no message except fear and violence. That makes you evil, and ugly. #LockHerUp #MAGA
We were outraged on election day. That sad day has empowered us to do what needs to be done to stop the internal misogynistic policies of the world.
HRC No one!!! supports your views! And were sick of you undermining our President! Give it up you're a washed up has been!
Do not donate. Do not give one more cent until these parties do something besides play politics
Hilary clinton confessed that the white house created al qaeda and taliban
Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up!
true
The only outrage I feel is how you have avoided convictions for your corruption.
What’s the outrage?  Historical high stock mkt ; low unemployment rate ...
Huh?
I used the new government tax calculator and I will save $3700 in taxes due to the new law. Thank you President Trump.
Thanks to all the idiots who voted for this fool to rob our country of 500 billion dollars.The day is coming for you and yous to pay for it.
It's called a tax reform 

Idiot
I’m so glad Donald Trump is our President. Sucks to be you!
yep give your money to the clintons, great idea
Oh look, one super rich oligarch wanting us to attack another.
This
There is no scam like what you did with #UraniumOne.  #TaxCuts allow us that WORK to keep more of our hard earned money!
Please run again
Not very bright are you?
please go away! You have done enough damage to this country that I protected for 22 years
How bout retiring?
Holy crap, LOL!  The democratic party with their hand out again!  And you flipping liberals will give all you have to them!  So sad!
Why is this bad? Let money come back to the US and invest in businesses and our employees. It seems like you are okay with taking my hard earned money and redistributing in the “poor”.
I think I have run out of battery life due to all the outrage Trump has caused. He is taking time off my life.
