"Everything that motivated me to work so hard for your futures throughout 2016 is still true today." http://tnvge.co/tAczQib 
To damn sad that the hero's from Benghazi are not here to read it because their LIVE DID NOT MATTER TO YOU ...
What about Trump@when he said “that’s what they join for”
?
They don't join to be abandoned by their government and that's what happened too bad you were not the Ambassador
What could have Hillary done?
As Secretary of State she could have had the guys deploy from CIA Station 2 miles away instead she told them to stay where they were do not lend assistance that's what she did she let the Ambassador die blamed it on a video she is a liar and a murderer
I bought my copy online today. And just so you know, I became a US citizen just so I could vote for you. You inspired me in the election and you continue to inspire me now. I hope you are never, ever silent. #StillWithHer
I hope your legal cause you just got reported
#ReadingComprehension. 

She said she's a US citizen. That gives her the right to vote. 

Your ignorance and bigotry should be criminal.
Blaaaahahaaha
And sexual harrasser, I see from your profile photo
Na, just showing the hypocrisy of you and your ppl.   Maybe I could make it a pic of Bill and you could call me a rapist...
If you like, I can do that.
how cool is this woman?
Not cool at all.
Brainwash the teens #ClintonFoundation
She oughta be, she's never had a struggle in her life!!
No one cares what any of you CLINTON criminals think or say.
Why does your daughter look so much like Webb Hubbell? Somebody should write an article in Teen Vogue about that?
The real fake
Please come back to us Hillary! We want & need you! Desperately!!
https://youtu.be/1VOsxI4s_JY 

Love you Hillary run for president again
STILL TRYING TO CONVINCE THE KIDDS YOUR NOT A CRIMINAL LYING THEIF TRIED OVER THROW AN ELECTION!!

We too are optimistic about the future because you will be in prison LOL
Live our Clintons.  #ThankYouChelsea
We’re gonna need a bigger arm.....
@lady_wilkes @TeenVogue @ChelseaClinton How is your boot? #HillaryForPrison SOON! #MAGA

Where's the money u stole.from Haiti???
OMG.
With Trump in office, everything to be hopeful for... Doing more than you or Obama ever did. MAGA
Tell me Killary, why are you being treated above the law with white gloves, while a military person gets a harsh punishment for taking some innocent pics inside submarine to show friends & family, as you walk free with the gall that you have?!
Teen Vogue is DISGUSTING! THEY PUBLISH ARTICLES TELLING TEENS THINGS SUCH AS ANAL SEX!! HOW TO DO IT!!! This is a magazine now run by Pedaphiles!
The things that Teen Vogue has come out with lately is pure disgust and undermines what every teen should do and adhere too. I should have known you were behind the recent abominations! Your war on young girls is an extension from your abuse of Cathy O'Brien #MeToo
 %  Teen Vogue has become trash
Seriously, it has!!
What does Chelsea think about her mom letting innocent people die?
Was the letter about how to delete email, or something more sophisticated?
Why don’t you ask one of your five followers?


Like mother like daughter! Corrupt to the bone.

You do not have the qualities or morals that i want my girls to have. I'm raising them to be respectful of all but mostly I want them to be strong women and the Clinton girls are not that
alex is in zane
26 trips to pedophile Island with Bill and you are still hanging around young people. Are none of you aware of this witch?
I Wish you a Merry Christmas... ♪ ♫ ☼ )))
Bechir Rabani
Madam President. I'm still with her.

You are an amazing woman.  And you have an amazing daughter.  #StillWithHer
We all should be optimistic
Agreed. As a Brit I take great solace in the fact that 3 million more US citizens voted Clinton than Twit, sorry, Trump.
Excuse me while I vomit
Thank you Hillary. I can't imagine what it's like you be you but if it were me I think I would have died a long time ago from the unfairness. I love your warmth and sense of humor. You are an amazing woman.
Amazing criminal! Why you think they are so worried about tax reductions!!! Out of there pockets ,and we can't support all the immigrants (votes) they imported!!!! Shamefull,, and want to blame trump because we can't afford health care!!!!!shamefull!!!
MWBurgess another blind deaf and dumb DT follower
WE ARE ALL OPTIMISTIC, THAT IS WHY WE VOTED FOR #TRUMP
CLIMB ON BOARD OR BE LEFT BEHIND!
Can’t wait

Lady you are sad you need to move out of this country because you've worked in politics all your life you think you are queen
hillary HELP!!!! we are on the precipice of a terrifying future
Thank you. Thank you both. Thank you all. You're - all - our inspirations.
Inspiration? To who?
from presidential candidate to a teen mag, next up, prison prayer groups!
Shut up you fat bitch
Was that the issue extolling the virtues of anal sex?  Wonderful magazine for our young women to read.

Go away
u and Bill know all about young kids #lolitaexpress
Love you Hillary.....
This is going to bring down the democrat party, including the Obama admin. colluding with Iran. 

http://dailycaller.com/2017/12/19/house-it-aides-ran-car-dealership-with-markings-of-a-nefarious-money-laundering-operation/ …
#ImranAwan
Another bot boy. Pretty little boy.
"Obama administration?" Funny bot.
Thank you Hillary
We love you Madam President!
Of what...the United Arab Emirates Trojan Horse Club of America?
Is that like running a country ??
Great future u left for ur family!  They will b paying for ur sins centuries.  u loose ur mind and just attack everyone who puts u in ur place.U been Trumped & ur whole crew. Ur greed ended the whole NWO. BUT TRAFFICKING KIDS. HMM WHAT IF PPL NOW COME 4 RETRIBUTION. No penance
...and LOVE our Clintons 
Я бы попросила перевод с англ ,в других  сайт это предусмотрено
Please go away.
Thank you Madam President #StillWithHer


Thank you! Agreed!!


And we are learning more every day...
Here's something for y'all... what Hillary has done..
You forgot to post your bot address, pally.
You're responsible for Trump
Bernie is responsible for Orange Face Trump. Never my President
He's not the one that ran against Trump and lost, she is. She also took the Midwest for granted. So yes, she is responsible. Bernie also had much higher ratings in the polls against Trump compared to her ratings.
Think what you want, she is not responsible for Trump.
Hillary you don't love and respect anyone except your self.
Crooked Hillary, well well well
Lots of koolaid here.....
You’re the last person in the world that Teens need to be influenced by.. Go away
I'm not very optimistic Hillary Trump is destroying us he's killing us slowly but surely taking away our benefits cutting are Medicare or Medicaid food stamps. 83% of the benefits go to the 1% in this tax bill in 9 years the lower 50% will pay more Trump is ripping us off
Punctuation marks - again proving that stupid is as stupid does......
Twitter limits you on characters? Thanks for the heads-up — 280 to be exact — both your tweets were well below 280– any other lame excuse for the run-on sentences?
Poetic Justice.

Go away
Wow, you're moving up in the world. Trump's president and you're guest -editing for @TeenVogue, signing books behind the toilet paper in Costco.
Mom... she didn’t want to tell you, but she is optimistic about the future because Trump is President. Sorry. You guys need to talk!!!
Hahahahaha... You edited it???Your hubby has much more experience re teens...
HRC-you should be so proud of your greatest accomplishment (Chelsea). You both exemplify what is good & right w/our political system. Thank you both for all yr efforts on America's behalf. Happiest of holiday wishes to you all

You suck
So sad that you should be our President, since you won the election. What a mess we are in....
What's a gal gotta do to get a signed copy??

Subtitle: All the bodies in my wake by @HillaryClinton 

Look at what else she done...
When you "guest edit" prison wear daily, get back to us!
It is clear that @realDonaldTrump is ocuppying the whitehouse, but he is not America's leader, his values or lackthereof are not shared by most Americans.  @HillaryClinton is the one who shares our values and won the popular vote, She is our de facto elected leader.

Thank you, Hillary.
Kim, Hillary lost! She hasn't done anything but steal money! It's ok! Just the facts! DNC didn't want Bernie! So sad!
You're an ignorant person.
What I read: making impressions on potential allies and voters for the 2020 run.
Beautifully expressed hope for all of us.

What about Uranium One?! You should be impeached! You should be investigated!! It’s unethical to pass a tax bill like you just did!  Oh yeah that’s right, you’re not president, you’ve been investigated, and cleared and you warned us all. Merry Festivus
Teens are sexy... but ONLY when they are of the legal age of consent in your state. Good job, Hillary!
Anyone would be optimistic about the future without #CrookedHillary as #POTUS Happy impeachment day to your husband.
Bill RAPED women in the oval office. You need to be locked up!
Very nice..
Go away.
Not interested!

All we know is there is no hope for the future as long as the clintons including Chelsea are involved in it nothing but modern-day thieves
No one wants to hear her letter to anyone. Chelsea has been taught to cheat steal lie whatever it takes to get by. The Clintons are done keep her at home with her babies.

What’s the difference between a puppy and a liberal? 

The puppy stops whining when it grows up. 
Thank you, Madame President! We love you & Chelsea 

Beautiful writing, Chelsea Clinton.

http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/12/crooked-hillary-clintons-favorability-rating-drops-25-year-record-low/ …

#MAGA #LockHerUp #BoycottNFL #boycottcnn #boycottmsnbc
I would stop feeding the poisonous candy too young impressionable children

Please go away quietly. You are not helping.
Every American can be optimistic about our country with President Trump.  America is doing great.
Still spewing the BS.
Such an intelligent and caring daughter you have.  How lucky your grandchildren are to call her mom 
Your next book signing tour location
Remember Hillary? Before you lost your law license, when you defended that rapist against a very young girl? 12 wasn’t she and you ruined her life. We heard you on audio tape. Laughing. You care for no one except yourself! #evil

I was engaged with a tour of the local city sewage treatment facility otherwise I would have been front row!

@HillaryClinton I would love to be debt free for my 50th Birthday in February 2018 My student loan debt is stopping that PLEASE HELP!! #workingwoman #standupcitizen.  #studentloanblues #nofrillsjusttryingtopaymybills #none4mejustdebtfree
Well, it's a lot easier to be optimistic when you have the means to leave the country if it all goes south.  When you have no choice, it's a real nail-biter.

Show some class Hillary.  Just go away.  Your are totally irrelevant.
Because you will actually die one day?
WOMEN POWER
WE LIKE YOU HILLARY
from a WRITER pseudonym
Aqualite
MERRY CHRISTMAS
Lucky kids to have @ChelseaClinton for a Mom! Happy Holidays to all of you!
Great mag..the same that has @EmilyLindin write that she’s ok with women who make false claims against men.
my dear Hillary, its ironic that trump and assoc. Has an e-mail problem. Enjoy your family and your walks in the woods. Mueller got this.
Congratulations

I'm glad that young people are also seeing that our system works.  Just because someone is president doesn't mean they can just write edicts to ban people he/she doesn't like. Not if it breaks the law. Our system is beautiful and stronger than any one person.


Thank You! #ImStillWithHer
Did you tell them where the bodies are? You might want to start telling before you’re forced to.
Idiot
Go away Clinton’s!
#NeverPresident
I will not read anything you or your daughter wrote, ever.
On a private server? I hope you didn't smash the e devices you used like you did at the @StateDept
I'm very optimistic about the future of America because #CrookedHillary will never be President.

I'm also optimistic that justice will finally be served. 

#UraniumOne 

#LockHerUp
Don't tell me that Chelsey has become a Trump supporter!!! Smart lady! Guess she can read the signs clearly.

Could you guest-edit the presidency? Starting now?
You lost
Will we see your article on how to cover for a sex offender?
Don't think so would ruin my eyes if I read it
Trump 2024.
Happy Holidays Madame President
Thank you!  Love Teen Vogue as I approach retirement age.   Amazing editor and writing.  And they taught us all about djt Gaslighting.
I've always respected your mom, I don't understand how she gets short end of the stick. I've watched her be a strong role model as a mother and grandmother,  just for women's rights, activist and even as a wife,  life hands everyone lemons and I've always watched her make lemonad


Funny, she says lots of contributions. Means she's still shaking people down for money.
You also really motivated people to vote for Trump. God bless you for that!
This is why you lost and still remain irrelevant: it’s all about you. DJT is for America. #MAGA
Oh yes that's what we need your lying corrupt ass speaking to teen girls...Go away Hillary and take Chelsea with you. Charitable donations already paid for her wedding what more does she want?
Oh, they are not deplorables?
