HRC was dismayed that any woman working for her would be so delusional to think she would have her back.
Don't try to leave the country.
Thank God!!!
Don’t really see why you care. Seems you have spent your career stepping on others and covering up infidelities. Your words mean nothing, are nothing. They are empty!

Clinton 2008 campaign manager Patti Solis Doyle on CNN. She looked into sexual harassment allegation against Burns Strider. "My recommendation to the senator [Clinton] was to fire him, and I was overruled.'
Here's a story for ya:
"Had candidate Hillary Clinton won the Presidency... we would have no idea how badly, or how significantly, the DOJ and the FBI had been weaponized politically.  I just thank God we had the opportunity to find out before…
You got that right. If she had won the evil would have consumed our government and all our lives. There is a God. Good Trumped evil
SO dismayed when it happened that despite calls to fire him  you kept him  and then later when helping with your recent  campaign  he was fired from his current job for the same thing.  You seem to draw sexual predators to you like flies to honey
You didn't fire him + he moved to another job where he molested more women; THEN he was fired. You should've done better.

Oh! Please spare us your BABBLE BULL!  We know how you treated the victims of your husband - where it is NO surprise that you did nothing in 2008 to stand by the young woman who came forward - #ActionsProveLouderThanWords - Once upon a time #MeToo #TimesUp #WomensMarch2018

LOCK HER UP AND LET JUSTICE PREVAIL!!!!!!
Sure!! She was reassigned...by acknowledging her complaint, your solution was to get rid of her & protect the offender, yay!
#ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo #ReleaseTheMemo 
Are you excited @HillaryClinton  I hope @realDonaldTrump reads it tonight at #SOTU
Cop out! Accept accountability for making a mistake instead of trying to justify it and show how proud you are of somebody for letting you punish them for coming forward
Her response was disingenuous at best. She should have admitted she made the wrong decision at the time and should have done something much better, i.e., fire him, not transfer her. Hillary could have saved other women from being harassed by this man.
I'm done with you.
#FullOfSchiff #ClintonCash #FISAgate #ObamaGate
Hey that’s only four years before Benghazi happened. The fact that you are still able to have a breath of free air is a disgrace to the American justice system.
#Hypocrite
You took her seriously now, not in 2008. Turn in your vagina hat. You are NOT a champion of women. Only if yourself.
TALKING ABOUT MONICA LEWINSKI?
OR ONE OF THE MANY OTHERS YOUR HUBBY DID?
Except the fact the woman lost her position while #Strider kept his & #Strider got to stay & continue his assault/harassment years to come until 2016! #SexualHarrassment  #DoubleStandards #HillaryForPrison #UraniumOne #Benghazi #Emails #HillaryCare #WhiteWater 
Dirty from day 1.
Sure- I’d believe a Clinton.  NOPE!
You cared about it so much, it remained buried until today. Wtg Hilldog! PS....your room at Gitmo is waiting for you
His name was Seth Rich
Did she get stuck in the Oval Office with your husband? Poor girl.
Oh God Hillary!!! You just don't see reality at all do you!! You rejected her and protected the man who abused her!! You cannot stand there and say you stand up for women. You chose to live with an abuser! Not a good example.
That something was sexual harassment under your watch #MeToo #MemoDay
Omg, please go away lady! Not being hateful, but don't you think you need a internet break? A LOT of us think you do, take one, spend some time with your family you just don't know how blessed you really are!!!! Now go on!!
Wow... you were “dismayed” 10 long years ago... spare us.

After gleefully championing the butcher of thousands of women in Libya and fueling the rise of ISIS, Hillary Clinton does the outrageous, and covers up for a sexual impropriety towards a member of the same class that writes American newspaper columns.  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/act-four/wp/2018/01/30/breaking-up-with-hillary-clinton/?utm_term=.9aa0816c1541 …
Front line agents are running the investigations now. Not D.C hacks. You better grab a glass of wine and take a few more walks while you still can.
You mean removed her and protected her abuser?  Seriously concerned about her?
"Heard"?  Is that a euphemism for "bimbo eruption"?
You live in the same house as a rapist! What kind of a sick #Complicit rape apologist are you?  Whoever voted for Hilary is #Complicit in rape.

I am dismayed at your response. Even tho that was the culture then, and your response WAS to punish the victim....NOW, you should have corrected that action by saying your response then was not right, NO EXCUSES, and what you would do NOW. See, easy....integrity....
Oml Jordyn
I voted for you, but after hearing about this I'm incredibly disappointed in your actions. You messed up. That woman came forward and instead of taking her claims seriously and firing Mr. Strider, you chose his side over the right side. You reassigned the woman to save Strider.
Strider then went on to assault other women. Had you done the right thing in 2008, it could have saved those other women from being assaulted because Strider possibly wouldn't have gotten the new position after being fired from your campaign and being outed as a criminal.
A woman speaking out about sexual assault deserves to be heard AND BELIEVED and then to have the correct actions taken. Take responsibility for making the wrong choice back then.
Whether or not someone deserves to be believed is a determination to be made only after all available evidence is weighed in a court of law.  A person's genitals should earn no one a presumption of credibility.
So what do you do when it's one person's word against another? Women RARELY speak out about sexual assault when it hasn't really happened, and in this case the woman had more to lose than to gain by speaking out about him because he was in a position of authority over her.
In the instances wherein the only evidence is an accusation on the side and a denial on the other, the balance of justice is tipped in favor of the accused by the presumption of innocence until proof of guilt.  An accusation is not proof of guilt.
I would venture to say then at least 75% of actual assaults would go unanswered for then because it is his word against hers, unless somehow he was dumb enough to do it in front of a witness or left physical evidence (e.g. in the case of a rape.)
Youre such a liar!!!
Once again you are caught.  You knew this and did nothing.  Just please go away you are the worse kind of human.
Dismayed? No you weren’t.
When it comes to sexual harassment issues, @HillaryClinton, best not to have anything to say, given your history
You should have listened to your husband's victims
Gotta do better than that, HRC.
I've consistently supported you but I'm honestly so disappointed by this. How could you dismiss this accusation? It goes against everything you've been telling your base.
Where did the emails go????
When you retain a spiritual advisor known to be a sexual predator, what does that say of your spirit?  You are, at least, consistent
Lay off the cough medicine, Hillary. It's affecting your memory. Her concerns were never "addressed", unless you mean her "concerns" were marginalized.

#UraniumOne
#ClintonCash
#HillaryForPrison
Shut up & Take It?? Put Some Ice On It? Are you part of a Vast Right Wing Conspiracy? Did you have Carville drag a dollar thru a trailer park? Is That how her situation was addressed & taken seriously?
Bull*cough*shit!
Your account of this incident differs from Patty Solis Doyle's account, Hillary.
Stop cheap publicity to spoil the generation...
#Breaking:#Hillary #Clinton in 1975:Defends a Child Rapist,Blames 12 y.o Victim #KathyShelton & LAUGHING about GETTING CHILD RAPIST off Jail knowing he’s guilty.She’s the champion for women/girls/#MeToo for #Democrats/#Celebrities/#TrumpDeranged,seriously?
Dear Hillary, Aren't you afraid right now?
With 20/20 hindsight, I think you should acknowledge you made mistake.
why won't you admit you were wrong?
Sickening #Metoo
Muy Bien Me encanta
monica?
That is so classy of you hillary.
Okey?
And yet, you transferred her to another job and kept the abuser on your staff in his same position. I don’t know how so many people take you seriously. You are a fraud.
#StillWithHer #NeverGiveUp @HillaryClinton is my President. I light a candle for you every night.
Were you "heartened" for @atensnut ? 
So grateful we have @realDonaldTrump  as our @POTUS and not you. You're the definition of evil.
That was about the time your husband had his second Affair and got c** on her dress
Btw address is 4920 30the Ave south fargo nd if you wanna have me hit psycho
You'll have plenty of time to reflect on your decisions in prison.
Let's talk about what happened last year.  Dirty deeds done dirt cheap, right Hilary?
The truth was printed. If you continue to lie to yourself... you will continue to believe it!  Hillary the truth can be a cloak of beauty if you choose to put it on. For once in your life.. for once...  once!!
Is that a glass ceiling I hear breaking, or cell door slamming?
Please stop talking about women’s issues. It hurts to read the hypocrisy. Wish you well, but please stop.
God sent Trump to save us from you
You are the most evil woman in our history. You corrupted the FBI. Remember the FBI files you got your hands on? Remember Benghazi? You have blood on your hands. You don’t care about women just use them to get power. U tried to fix the election.
You can’t control the media anymore witch
That "something" was a sexual assault, and her "concerns" were dismissed by you when you chose to keep her attacker/harasser in your employ. #ShameOnYou #YouWereNotWithHer
shouldn't you be in jail?
Ya you and Nassar says the same thing..." if I had it to do over again I would not do it". SMH
What is sad is that you don't even realize how lame your excuses are. Amazing that i said the same thing just a few minutes ago to an addict.  FYI you refusing to fire the guy means it was not taken care of geesh you're pathetic
It was Hillary that was making sexual advances on her.. Hillary devil is becoming the man she always wanted to be.. maybe they’ll put her in the man prison an rapist bill in the Women’s prison!
#GACK
Yep, the truth was revealed on who you really are. Meaning? You hide things to protect your own self. You don't care nothing about women as long it makes you look good.
#StopAfrinGenocide
You're an enabler... 

And solely to advance your own political ambitions!
Do you know what else #WeThePeople are going to address? WE WILL ADDRESS YOUR AND @BarackObama #Treason and disgusting #HumanTrafficking #PedoGate #PizzaGate by seeing the both of you #Hang at #Gitmo. #TheStorm #GodBlessAmerica
This is why I didn't want to vote for you. You always go w/ least courageous course. Iraq vote, dealing w/Bill's sexual misconduct/that of campaigner. Is that unfair? Maybe. But you were aiming to be POTUS & I selfishly want a great leader. Not being as bad as DT is v. low bar.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @voxdotcom
I still know You would be a better president than the #FakePresident. Thank you for still being a mentor for those who want to make a difference.
You are full of booze and BS!
Backpedaling Hillary.Just say what we all know ‘You hate women’ #HillaryHatesWomen u prove it everyday.That’s why no one showed up at ur rallies & u are lost in woods looking for something to do while the real President; is President. U will never be President- farts & cabbage
Why didn't you FIRE him.
But what did you do about it THEN?
Everybody supporting Robert Mueller here needs to screenshot it to remind themselves who they supported when Trump is cleared. When u don't like the results just look at who u supported :) #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #ReleaseTheMemo
When you open your mouth I just see this pouring out   Piles and piles of it.
You mean how she was fired for reporting it?
I guess at this point, what difference does it make? You have a habit of siding privately with the abusers and only supporting the victim once you are exposed.
But demoted her and let the accused assaulted stay on staff. Yea, typical Clinton tactic. Don't ever state, your for women's rights when you stand in silence and let them be abused. Hypocrit
too little too late
#StopfAfrinGenucide
Was this young woman's name Monica by any chance????
So the perpetrator was back on the job and the victim moved. Perfect feminist reaction, honed by years of covering for serial perp Bill
You leave out the part where you harass them and make their lives hell.
You ARE a #NastyWoman ...to other women at least.
Damage control post number 2 for the day.
Okay. So he gets sent to be counseled while keeping his same job......yet she is moved to a different position.  Does that not seem a tad bit backwards?

ORDER YOUR COPY TODAY OF MY BOOK AT http://juanitabroaddrick.com  
#TCOT "A story appeared today" about "something"
That's a woman's LIFE you ruined by making her know help was not at hand, she was NOT heard, instead of listening to her, you removed her & HER STORY and helped her sexual predator
well at least you didn't call her #TrailerTrash...  that's an improvement from the 90s...
So heartened that you took her job away from her and shipped her off to protect her abuser.  I don't think you understand how things are supposed to work.
I hear there is video and pictures of Hillary Clinton giving a b****** to a senator in her van and one of her Secret Service protector
You’re truly amazing...with your consistent and relentless efforts...to try to persuade...that you are anything more than a lying, corrupt, self absorbed and treasonous Witch.  WOW!
#FakeFeminist

You are such a lying a hypocrite.   You didn’t support her.  You protected you sexual harassing spiritual advisor and moved the victim to a new position.  You are not a champion of women and children.  You’re just as vile and repugnant as your husband.  #Abuse #metoo
Your natural instinct was protect yourself and enable the sexual harassment to go on. Way to go "Smartest Woman in America"...
Nice try... we know better.
My dog thinks you are a horrible person. Harry Reid was bad. Emelda was bad, but you're really a OG bad...#YepDogsAreRightSometimes
so "dismayed" that you NEVER uttered a WORD till she spoke out?  Figures!
Maybe you should try reading a factual book
If Monica Lewinsky did a reading at the #Grammys , their poor ratings would have been off the charts!  
#StopAfrinGenocide
Here’s your supporters

It’s not a story - your worse than an cheater
You do what’s best for you. You are the most pathetic attempt at the presidency that ever occurred  in our nations history. Thank God the people of this country aren’t as stupid as you think they are.
I hope you like your cell mate
Dear Lord! Do you REALLY think anyone believes your shit? so after THIRTY plus years? Suddenly you care? Not likekly
Love you, Hillary. #StillWithHer Times change and we grow with them.
Still with you Hillary!


Salut a tous mes amis et amies
Q

#IBelieveJuanita
Hillary, I hope you are doing well. My daughter and I participated in the March on Saturday. I am hoping for change, counting the days till the other shoe drops w current potus....
Cghhgg

I am really sorry people on here and IRL are so horrible to you. No human being deserves this kind of treatment, with so much hate in the world, I wish you a moment of joy.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
She hates white women too!!!!
#KATHYSHELTON  #KATHLEENWILLEY  #PAULAJONES  #JUANITABROADERICK  Where was yours & Slick Willy's concern for THEM??
Was that another one of bill's victims
Is that about the 12 yo girl who was raped that you slut shamed on the stand and then cackled about in a fake Southern accent?
Fghq
dont worry about all that you remain the best
HAHA! AND WHAT DID YOU DO? FIRED HER and REHIRED HER ABUSER!
Was this one of the rape victim bimbos? Or, someone else?
@HillaryClinton: Why was Strider needed?  You already had a spiritual advisor.

I wish you felt this way about @atensnut! Horrible things happened to her too, from your HUSBAND, and you dismissed these claims and called her, and the other accusers liars. You, ma'am, are the liar. All victims deserve to be taken seriously.
What a joke, so disingenuous. She has never supported women, her husband’s victims lives were ruined by her slanderous & vicious attacks against them. Great example of supporting women. NOT! She only wants women’s votes to ensure her continued elite lifestyle! #MAGA & lock her up


They were addressed but not by you. Thank a lady that listened to her and brought it to you to ignore she was working on your campaign. Have you taught Chelsey all your crooked ways and schemes how to lie and cheat people? She controlled the Foundation that could mean jail time!
Undoubtedly, she was not one of the women your husband sexually assaulted and you railroaded?
BS
That’s more than what was received by Bill’s victims.

Wow
Hello madan how are you?
#Liar
Hillary Clinton reportedly declined to fire her faith adviser accused of sexual harassment. Burns Strider was instead 
docked several weeks of pay.

Got it Hill.
Your going to be locked up.
Just like you took the women Bill abused and raped seriously. YOU created a bimbo eruption team to go after the women he abused. #LockHerUp
Speaking of old stories, what's your take on all these sexual assault allegations coming many years after the alleged incidents with no evidence to support their claims? Careers and reputations are at stake. Legit or suspect?
All words
Wonder what Kelly will say today after he protected #45's perp since fall of 2017. Keely's credibility is caving rapidly. Why would he be on this destructive path when he stood as a man of honor NOW only to be another #45 throws under the bus
Taylor, thats what I'm talking about. All of the above
#clintonlegacy#lies#stealing
#cheating#Murder#worst thing that ever happened to AMERICA
You just can't help yourself,it's what you've been doing your entire life covering for rapists & abusers #1 your husband.

Hypocrite
Dismayed?? Seriously?? You are Deplorable Through and Through... Clinton for Prison 2018!!! And We Don't Mean Your Husband......
U are a criminal! U have lied cheated embezzelled & even murdered people who get in ur way! U have committed treason, corruption, & lied to the American people! You need to hang for your crimes! I am so happy the name clinton will be wiped from history books! U will pay with life
How much did all these people $?  We all know how your games R played.
Cannabis would be legal N every state if the Gov cared about the sick plp who need it!
Why can't y'all get along in our WH, stop fooling around with billions of lives. Be Gone Clit, many plp want U gone, MANY!
Anybody remember this?? We're currently finding out EXACTLY what she meant!!

Your words are like you're peeking and sneaking around a corner. It took you what.... 3 days to come up with official talking points to conceal YET ANOTHER Clinton scandal.
Was she wearing a blue dress? 

Were you dismayed on how Paula Jones was treated by @BillClinton shouldn’t she have been heard?
in 2008 you didn't give a crap, now its 2018 and you still don't give a crap.
#ClintonCrimeFamily
So you can remember that, but can never recall anything while under oath?
@HillaryClinton, you certainly didn't...your spiritual advisor harassed and you kept him as your spiritual advisor? Horrid choice from a horrid candidate
Gosto muito de vc Hillary eu sou a única brasileira sem direito a justiça.
THIS BITCH SHOULD BE GRASPING AT STRAWS
