Students: The future is in your hands. Become a Swing Left College Fellow to help flip the House and ignite the progressive change our country needs. https://swingleft.org/p/collegefellowship?refcode=tw_022818 …
@HillaryClinton I find it kind of ironic that all I’m hearing is trump is coming unglued, angry, imposing bad policy for our country bc he’s angry! Really? And they kept saying that a woman could not be potus bc she might be too emotional, hormonal, we will wait for apologies 
You'll be waiting a long time. Read some of Clinton's recent speech in India. It'll show you why people didn't vote for her.
The more she talks the more she reveals how disconnected she is, underscoring why she isn’t president.  #justkeeptalkingjustkeeptalkingthatswhatshedoes
The NY Woods are calling... They want Hillary Rodham Clinton back!

We need ppl in government that can’t be bought
Hillary who???
Who-Who ?
In 2014 Clinton Foundation took in $91.3 million. Per IRS filing, only  5.7% of that money made it to Actual Charities. 94.3% went to salaries  and benefits and "Other Costs." I wonder what those "Other Costs"  were....#QAnon
Much of Other Cost was to support the Clinton Suicide Enforcement Squad.

Tick tock
Yes learn how to cheat the system steal from the people lie cheat deceit,  the Democratic way , yeaaaa democrates 

Whose fault is it today that you lost?
You mean, ignite the free-loading & entitlement 
Hilary's ad sounds like she's selling discount furniture. 
 
College students: Ignore the party. Research and choose the best candidate, regardless of party, and VOTE!
You Will NEVER be President 
Your tweet meaning = ILLEGAL ALIENS doing Voter Fraud and Dead People
There I fixed that for you 
#VoterFraud 
Citizen Clinton Stay in Your Lane
Your Lane is on the track to Prison
You ruined the Democratic party that I used to be part of. Now run along, your time is over.

Don't you think it would be more dignified to retire quietly?  You left a snailtrail of crimes behind you. Your criminality will affect your family generation after generation. For God's sake give them a break
#Killary, we all think what it'd been like if you were selected and Trump not elected....

Thank you for your service ! #MAGA !

How about no. This is America, we are a FREE people, not socialists. If you want the ideals of the current democratic party, then move to a country who practices them...Like Venezuela.
Your so called democratic party died with JFK, now you should have the balls to come out and rename your party to what you are American Socialist/Marxist Party or the American   Fascist Party, better yet the One World Government Party & Totalitarians

Here is a prefect reason for voters to be at least 21 to vote. It would stop this brainwashing of  inexperienced  impressionable youth. But than I also think you should be living to vote , vote only once, and be legally in the country. Silly me that does not fit the narrative.
Of course... you need illegals and the young & ignorant to keep progressive socialist @DNC in the race. We know your voter fraud scam.

Why, they stand to lose the most with Democrat high taxes on middle income/college degreed workers

Cant wait till you're in prison. A "very special place." Q
Democrats down to begging now.  Last person to take advice from is clinton unless you approve of criminal activity
Explain this   
#Treason #Russia #enemyofthestate #arrestHillary #LockHerUp
Hillary and Trump are 2 faces of the same coin. When you had the chance to make change happen, you chose other priorities. Now the youth have started taking their destiny into their own hands and everyone views them as a juicy vote block. Let the youth alone.
Young people are the saviors of this country, but they won't be helping you, Hillary Clinton. You, who RIGGED the Democratic Primaries for yourself! You, who loves fracking and war!  The young people of our country stand for everything that's good, not for you & your centrists.
@swingleft - Wait- @theDeeLouis Dee is this a recruitment drive  future traitors and liars ? @DrSchmalz @mcquaysusan1
yes-the Run-off Elections were 03/06 w Mid-term coming Tue Nov 6th They're all in a lather thinking they can take back the Houses *then impeach the president! 
We have 8 seats to defend they have 132'ish (?) perhaps more but have won a few state/local races
GET OUT THE VOTE
Sorry they are too busy eating Tide Pods. Great group you got there Crooked Hillary.
the democrats we know of are GONE !!! I CHANGED TO REPLUBLICAN BECAUSE OF THE DEMOCRATS---- THE PARTYS OVER !!

#ReleaseTheVideo #HRChumaChildVid #pedoHRC
Good advise #Killary use students to turn the US into a Venezuela. #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder FACT

You not helping matters on you voice be silent please
I m a SOUTH AFRICAN  iwant to say madam we love u
Just sad
HillaryClinton2020
Why would students want to vote for a Democrat who care more about illegals, voted no on tax cuts, haven't contributed to any legislature that have improved the job market, salaries & uses gender/race as their platform to divide Americans VOTE GOP if you actually value freedom
stop it

It is such a joy to listen to all of you liberals whine and cry and bellyache about the Trump Presidency. This criticism from a bunch of morally bankrupt and economically  challenged buffoons, just reconfirms for the average American, what a great job President Trump is doing.
Love this
One small moment to keep in mind Ms Hillary - enjoy your freedom while you can!


Tic Toc..
In the name of JESUS CHRIST; I pray that you get locked up & punished for your crimes against humanity, americans, and all children. Jesus please protect us from evil hillary amen
#Qanon #Clintonfoundation
Lol, don't peddle lies anymore. College students think for yourselves! Don't let socialism win!
! Thanks Mrs. Hillary Clinton!
!!! No thanks Mrs. Hillary Clinton !!!
Mr. & Mrs. Clinton are good People & they Help People ! The Clinton Family are A good Family & God is Watchers over them ! ! The watchers!
Funny thats its not Hillary sending tweets. Hows the ankle bracelet feeling? Heard Hillary cant even shower herself. Days are limited...
Russian?
Stupid?


You're asking that college students vote for politicians that have overwhelming shown that they care only for votes and not the American people. I don't support taking rights from law abiding citizens or killing unborn children. No self respecting person would.
#FightGlobalism #FightPedophilla #FightForOurRights #NeverGiveUpYpurGuns #FightLiberalism #Hillary4Prison #AWANBROTHERSARESPIES #DrugDealers #weaponsdealers #Uranium1

#TurnAmericaBlue #BlueWave2018 #BlueTsunami2018 #TheResistance
Yea go ahead college students and follow #HillaryClinton the same woman that says white women do what their husband say. So go ahead do what she says and see what happens. Thanks to Hillary #GOP will stay in power. Thank you hillary


Your #Blamery !
Apply Now !
Our son is a college freshman he is and all of his Fraternity is voting for our POTUS again and any other Rep you Dems are done! #KeepAmericaStrong
You guys know Hillary hasn't tweeted in almost 2 years right? She always signs -H  This isn't her. She doesn't even care to speak to you herself. But yeah... do what she says through one of her flunkies!
#HRCvideo   wow, you are sick SOB, can not believe how lucky we are you lost.

Who would want to be part of a crooked corrupt antiquity that would knowingly fix the game for hilary uranium one clinton over bearny sanders burn it down build a new one
Wonder if he'd paid back his student loans yet
Hopefully one day we will get to see traitors like HRC be thrown in jail for selling out American citizens, our freedoms, and this nation.

#TheGreatAwakening #Patriots #Pedogate
Lol  Fool #MAGA
Would they really want to with 18,510 Sealed Indictments (normal is 1-2k a year).  That is a lot of people going to jail both Dems and Reps.  HRC has one of these.  
Stand for Truth and Justice Not corruption.
#LockThemAllUp @realDonaldTrump #Maga #GreatAwakening
Love you Hillary!  Keep pressing on!!!
Shut up Hillary

OMG, WOMAN...SHUT UP.....GO AWAY...PLAY WITH YOUR GRANDKIDS, GIVE BILL SOME SEX, JUST GO AWAY...
@HillaryClinton  how’s Russia??
College students--you have the power to take back #AmericaFirst to #MAGA majority in the House it’s important
#VOTE Republican
Deadline is today! Apply now:

#LockHerUp
Great women
There is a reason young people don't serve in government. With age comes wisdom and experience. And throwing a 20 year old into the senate or house would be a very bad idea
Open those borders to the world  and wreck America.. Vote Democrat. So happy your home in your cave and not running the joint ya damn crook
Miss Clinton you and a Democrat Party need to rely on taxpayers not students that have never paid a tax dollar and their life you will never get the party back with just saying come on college students you have nothing to offer


Think it should be off limits for politicians to encourage or even come near a college campus about politics!!! Stop brainwashing our youth!!!!!!!!!
Tell reputation must cooperation. Both side period mrs hillway and I hate gun or wars
Mr thump love fight man. Agianst Russia's president not his fault someone set him up
And before you go vote Democrat study the history of the Democratic party.  Start with the Klan bake.  Then look into 1951 investigation of Natl Lawyers Guild.  Democrats=Destruction!


Authoritarian Democratic party is responsible for Trump's win due to closed primaries, super-delegates, Clinton Foundation funding of DNC & corruption. Bernie would be president now. You CANNOT solve a problem of authoritarianism using authoritarian means Federal campaign funding
YOUR PATHETIC  CLIN-NOKIO
#Qanon #Obamagate
Hillary just go away....like prison.
Do yourself a favor young adults don't ever vote for a liberal democrat. Especially one with ties to the Clintons
Hmmm. http://Sounds.like  hilary is looking for more money

You still here ?


Students be careful of how democrats will protect you.
LOL

You seem to assume all college students are liberals. Why is that?
Keep dreaming.
She would do more for dems if she disappeared
You mean #ImWithCrooked !
Yes. We must encourage our high school seniors that are 18 or about to turn 18 to become involved. As a teacher I would never seek to tell them how to vote or what to believe. But I have more faith in them than many "adults" to do the right thing. #Resist
#Maga #TRUMP 20/20
BRAINWASH THE COLLEGE STUDENTS FOR VOTES. EVERYONE HAS THEIR BOX. RIGHT HILLARY?
Gurl vallah ya need to shut up with this democratic bs
No thanks Killary, conservatism is where it’s at. Not your brainwashing party platform that runs this country into the ground


More corrupt Hillary propaganda!
Why would they? The Democratic party has a long history of negativity from unanimous support of slavery, suppression of women's rights, etc. I guess they're free to join the losing team if they wish.
Liberals,  Love brainwashing our children. Is this really what I will be paying for next September?
Just remember "progressive" means Socialist... My young children can see right through them, why can't many young adults? Wake up AMERICA... #MAGA #LockHerUp
Students ! You have the power to throw out neoliberals like Clinton who helped elect Trump - and return the Democratic party to its values. Nominate candidates who support party policy (i.e. exclude Clinton) !
Yeah vote for the party who is continuing segregation in the US!
my president!!i miss your speeches and wisdom 
The students are smarter than that Hillary they will vote GOP get over it
Dont need clinton
Hii
We’ll love you forever, Madam President Hillary.
They voted for Bernie for '16 not YOU but YOU stole the election from him.  You're nothing but a Treasonous, Traitor that belongs in GITMO   #LockHerUp
and still more lies.... #panicmode
Without prideful, unknowledgeable, inexperienced students, Dems have no chance. The ignorant is your power base.
Like rig the DNC against @BernieSanders like you did? So are you pushing that these kids cheat at no matter what the cost?
Socialism and communism no thanks!

Hillary, even Democrats are asking you to please zip it now...
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/blog-post_92.html …
Democratic and Republican Party can only be healed by new blood; you and your democratic cronies and your republican obstructionist friends have to go.
Great to see ALL THOSE RUNNERS!!!!!!
People in this country seen what DEMS do, 8 years of it, and another with Bill, BUSH, was is a DEM, in many eyes....You people ONLY CARE about you...... all of you...look at this country, Divide, pander, lies, murder, stealing. JOBS SOLD OUT, and NO HEALTH CARE for decades!!
Based on the speech you gave in India those students are ‘ignorant’ if they are from Red states.  Shameful.  You are out of control. Focus on healing yourself.
Aren't they wonderful?! So encougaged & proud!!!
What now your paying student to help recover your terrible political career
Lies and corruption never go far
Dont listen to her... she is a lier & thief.... sold 20% of our Uranium to Russia... she started the LIE about President Trump.. & paid 12 million dollars.. to stop him.. disgrace.
White males and married white women? Why don't you rescue us? Show us the way? You are a charlatan and a sore loser. I didn't vote for you, nor did my wife (her decision), because we disagree with your warped progressive world view.  And so does most of America. Get a life.
Guns for the corrupt!!
Or you can collude and steal an election like @HillaryClinton
Oh hell no
I find it offensive that you slander Americans in foreign soil. I didn’t vote for @realDonaldTrump because I’m influenced by a man. I just think you are Evil. Oh by the way I was a Democrat until you ran for office
He'll no.
Go crawl under a rock. #lockherup
Progressive, as in more baby killings, more unaffordable healthcare, more regulations for companies, so people lose jobs & the economy tanks, like it did under Obama-nah! I don't think so! I like my raise & bonus (crumbs) a lot! Vote Republican if you want a better life!
Democratic majority..... and put us right back in the toilet where Barack left us and Hillary wanted us to return

College students did you know the last time Hillary Clinton was in the White House on the day they left Hillary stole Furniture artwork and other valuables they made her return it if she had become president she would have sold the White House
You mean #SwingCommunist .
Nah.

#MAGA
Yes these students will make a difference in November 2018 and then in 2020

I think they tried in 2016 when you stole it from Bernie. True story bro....
So disconnected hillary.. it's amazing

I am looking  help for throes children has no parents
Why ?? The democrats do not offer any future for them
Never happen.  If Dems/Socialists ever got Congress again, it would be by fraud....you know how that works, right?  Real Americans would prepare for a civil war.  But, we're on to you snakes now.
Stop eating TidePods. It isn’t the cure for Liberal Lunacy.
No thanks
#SwingLeftSoreLoser  #SheBelievesCup #TOTJUV #thundersnow #BombCyclone
#HRCVideo
Yes, please continue Bill's and my undying effort to "engage" as many children as possible before we get caught!  We LOVE us some pizza and hot dogs!  We've even taught Chelsea to acquire our tastes! #MonicaWasTheAppetizer
loosing lieyr and a commie lib in my opinion. Trumps the man , and I'm glad he won
#IBOR
