These videos are funny


The part where you take illegal money from foreign governments for your own monetary benefits
Thank you Miss Hillary. Still working for the people of this country when you could be just sitting around takin it easy. You put your country first and thats one of the reason I love you. Thank You!

You kill children i saw the video your a monsterrrrrr
If true, post the video, please.
Its on the dark web. Why are you so lazy to search youraelf? You know if he posted it here it would be removed immediately. Stop being lazy and do your own research instead of dismissing the possibility of  it being true because it doesn't fit with your preconceived views
You are another Looney.
Please stop talking
Go find Donnie kids, he's probably lying about something and your going to miss it ! #LiarInChief #TwitterInChief #Resign45 @realDonaldTrump
Yes! Teach those children how to enrich themselves through a phony foundation. What about teaching them how to use a tragedy to raise money for themselves...like say...an earthquake in Haiti....something like that?
are you threatening those children now?? 

wtf is wrong with you #PedoGateIsReal #ArmenianGenocide
make sure you don't delete your tweets. Oh yeah, Chuck is waiting for you in his office. #marritalaffairs
Please fade away. Our children don’t need “words of wisdom” from a suspected felon, cheater, and millionaire who took advantage of everyone and anyone in her path!
Did you read tRump's book? He is the one who says ok to lie to close a deal and then ignore your promise.
Then there is Trump University, Using corporate bond sale proceeds to pay personal debts, etc & she is the crook?
I wish you would be more vocal about the abomination of contemporary politics; as one of your most ardent supporters; i feel literally tangibly; the election was stolen; the combination of comey the gerrymandering; the misogny ; and who knows if they didnt get into the votes?
election was not stolen Americans showed up in multitudes to vote for Trump And MAGA more jobs and better economy 
Are you showing them what I call "STEAL millions from Haiti, Make millions selling #Uranium to Russia @HillaryClinton Are you inviting the RIGHTFULLY ANGRY #Haiti to your night of honoring yourselves 5/24/2018 for doing so? If not, invite @LauraLoomer She'd LOVE to come! #Resist
You should be the last person giving advice on raising children and stay the hell far away from mine. Ur a major creepy criminal & “lover” of children. Just gross!
Are you going to say sorry for not allowing Bernie sanders to take his rightful place? Otherwise stay out for a while. You are damaging the rightful cause that's for redemocratisation
Block.  Read the indictments.  This comes directly from the Kremlin propoganda. Just crazy that people are spreading this even after Bernie came out & said he knew the Kremlin was sewing seeds of divisiveness on the left.  Shameful
Wow! That propaganda account follows me ...  Democrats, our unity is feared.  Do not let them divide us!  We have work to do on education, wages, substance abuse, child care, infrastructure ...  #StrongerTogether
Every day I think about how my life would be different if you were president. I wouldn’t be stressed out every day wondering how my or my friends and family’s lives are going to be destroyed. Thank you for continuing to be a positive force.


And yet manages to process information sanely with reason and logic. 
#WhatDidTheyDoToTrumpetBrains?
Yes teaching the children about FIAT CURRENCY is so Important !

NOT !

Anyone that thinks this is a Good Thing, Needs to See a Psychiatrist 
Just go away already you money grubbing pos
Now your a parent. 4 abortions and you didn't want Chelsea.
Thank you, HRC - We love you
Why?
if you have to ask that there's no point answering you
If one doesn't know by now, they never will.
I know she’s a thief.
No.  You have her confused with some who
1)Taxpayers have paid over $140M in his Travels to his properties (which helps enrich his business) to play golf. 

2) Raised $107M for inauguration which cost less than $50M (rest is unaccounted for)

That falls under "Thief" 
Name: DJT
i dont know much about her. except that she and i apparently have very different definitions of "running" and "sniper fire" and "email"
Hillary took responsibility for her 2016 errors.

Incapable of admitting mistakes (partial list):

Chris Cillizza
Bernie
The New York Slimes
Comey
The Washington Compost
Morning Joe 
Sarandon 
Shaun King
Greenwald

As arrogant as they claimed Hillary was.
Any apologies for bringing slavery to Libya?
Trolls be Trolling today!
At least I'm not bringing slavery back to Africa :)
Yet you are wasting your time on bs smears lol
I guess you simply don't have the capacity to pay attention to world events...

Love ;)
miss Clinton what's your view on politics
Is this the only audience left for your book tour? 
No one wants you talking to their children!

#QAnon #TaxCuts #TuesdayThoughts #Hannity #Roseanne #MyHandleExplained
@realDonaldTrump
You stay away from my children..
Someone should have explained that to your husband, because he robbed the social security coffers to balance the budget.
Financial literacy? How to fleece billions for a phony charity that contributes less than 10% of what they take in?  Arrogance of your failures is astounding.
Who in their right mind would take parenting advice from a career politician?
OK. Leave your kids in isolated silence. That’ll work.
Actually no one ever needed to remind me that I need to talk with, sing and dance with, and read to my child. If you need that kind of basic advice I'm guessing you're a liberal. Here's another clue for you: throw out milk if it's past the expiration date. It won't be OK tomorrow
Btw, nice bio. The ”Democratically expressed will of the people” is that Clinton be president. Thanks for helping us cope with the fact that the will of the people was overridden.
I'm going to have to re-read the Constitution. I though the Electoral College determined the outcome of the Presidential Election. I guess I really am stupid.
It does. But that is obviously not the “Democratically expressed will of the people”.
As expressed through our Constitution. We’re a Representative Republic.
To the degree we are a republic we are also a democracy. Trump’s election, by definition, was not the “democratically expressed will of the people”.
OMG Hillary Clinton teaching children how to manage money what could be more horrifying.
So this is the only campaign Dotard's have?
Go after Hillary?
#sad
Sure did. Paid for the second half. Do you know who paid for the first?
Yes, other Trump enemies. Which shows the credibility of the dossier. Zero.
Love ya Hillary!
Why? She’s corrupt
She’s is not. Stop being that lab mouse. Think outside the GOP lab you live in.

What an original liberal comment!!! See when they dont like what you say they revert to childish name calling and heckling.
Thank you..
Just leave them alone Hillary. #Thejigisup
Thank you mom @HillaryClinton  its important for parents to teach their children on financial literacy as i have doing on women and girls economic independence in fighting against violence
Added to my Youtube channel, Grandmas Reading Room. Children need a healthy perspective of money! #childrenshumanrights 
#TuesdayThoughts

Is that a new way of Paedophilia and i want to see the sextape
Keep your children away from the Clintons, and probably every other democrat... just to be safe.
Oh my gosh you are wearing an anonymous mask! You must be a serious rebel and free thinker. Way to be original.
No just spread vitriol under a pseudonym. Brave.
You can say what you want bro... you're literally defending a sex trafficking enabler.  Look at the rape and pedophilia closely tied to the Clintons. Anthony Weiner, Harvey Weinstein, Jeff Epstein, Laura Silsby, NXIVM, Podesta Brothers, George Puello, and more.
k

Thank you for sharing this, Hillary. Really enjoyed watching. And thank you for continuing to speak out and for your important advocacy work for women and children. Don’t ever stop! 
What about the kid who's rapist you defended in court? Laughed that he passed the polygraph test?
Do you never laugh at absurdity?

Do you never laugh at absurdity?
I wouldn't laugh at getting a child rapist off, no. Just to clarify that for you, love.
That wasn’t the question. An honest listen would indicate that she didn’t do so either.
Laughing at absurdity would be laughing at Hillary Clinton, a defender of child rapist paedophiles, Being held up as an advocate for women
So you don’t support the constitution or our system of justice? 
OK.
Thanks for keeping inspiring all of us. We miss you. We love you.

Love you Hillary you also raised lovely daughter! Well done!

Rajasthan
Why aren’t you in jail yet?
Becuase that was just a sexist fantasy.
There are open active investigations at the DOJ/FBI on Clinton email scandal, The Clinton Foundation, The Uranium 1 deal. The FEC is investigating Clinton laundering $84.M in campaign funds through states. She's going to prison, count on it.
She's going to hang for her crimes and I can't wait!
What an aspiration & such a waste of time & energy, rooting for someones demise. Hatred and resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for someone else to die. My sincere sympathies.
And that is exactly what you are doing with @potus. The left wants him to fail. Fake investigation is costing tax payers millions of $ with no evidence that Trump did anything wrong. We know HRC was protected by the FBI/DOJ and the corrupt O admin. Tic Toc
I wish him nothing at all. Its my America too and its just sad. Why would anyone who loves this country wish him to fail? If he fails, its on him. You cannot read my heart.
Sad a yoga instructor would hold that much hatred for another human being. I will keep you in my prayers. Healing is available to everyone. Be blessed & have a good day. ♡
In your world they only learn to read and recite Karl Marx... or the DNC platform. Same difference.
Good morning Hillary! 

Hillary, go away.
You should do the same.
Hate on Hillary if you want but my girl is still on her same path that she has been. Making moves.

That is a lie and you need to delete your tweet.  Stop spreading lies, and start checking facts before you tweet.  It’s ok to state your opinion, but spreading lies is unacceptable.
Thank you Hillary
Yep. For what?
For continuing to be a positive influence on this country and ignore all the Trolls that can’t let it go.
How has she ever been a positive influence. If that is the case with you. Your life must really be fucked up
I dont respond to trump trolls ... bye bitch
Yes you donor you wouldn’t have responded to my tweet
Don't act like you care about kids
She's been advocating for kids her whole career. Check her record.
Check her record you clown, her words of "advocating" mean shit to me. Her actions are cruel and beyond evil
You don't know what you're talking about. YOU check her record.

John 3:16
For #God so loved the #world that He gave His only begotten #Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting #life.
Blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord, The people He has chosen as His own inheritance. (Psalm 33:12)



you are very good hillaryclinton thank you so muchcoming soon haven plz contract our branch office thanks you
HRC +++ + +++++ (raw vid 5:5) EX-rvid 5774. Tarmac meeting. Video conference call. Gitmo. Military tribunal. Your future makes me smile! #WWG1WGA #thestorm #BOOM

You are in for a rude awakening (aka #TheGreatAwakening) very soon. It's gonna be a really long 7 years for you until you start excepting Truth. It's coming. MSM can't ignore it much longer.
You are the one in for a rude awakening.
  Mueller. This ride is about to get bumpy (for you). Enjoy the Show! #WWG1WGA RIP JFK
Sit beside me.  We will watch together.  

That’s not a very good reason to vote for awful economic policies.
Go to prison
You do talk a lot about children, but it’s usually about buying, selling and trading them!!  #WWG1WGA #QwillGetU #MAGA
Good stock up on books you’re going to need them in jail. Bye  X Democrat
I loved this! I'll sit with my autistic 19 yr old son this afternoon to watch and discuss. He knows what money is, how to spend it, can save, exchange money using a cash register, but have never discussed a few of these topics, could be fun and educational.
I love you Hillary!!!
Damm,muzzle yourself...
I voted for you. You screwed up by not going to PA & WI. Now please go away.
It’s true, you talk a lot...a lot about how it was not your fault that you lost, how everyone is against you, but it doesn’t stop there - you’re also good at finger pointing, and telling lies.
Hillary Clinton 2020! I voted for you ma'am! I even campaigned for you to everyone I knew. Your speech after the election made me cry, I'm so sorry. If there is any way, please run again. We need you! Thank you for all you do for our country!
Teaching children how to be crooked like you? Appalling.
You mostly talk about the hundreds of people/things that kept you from being president.  However, you always leave out the one true reason you're not president - YOU!  #goaway
Please go back into the woods till your plane leaves for gitmo. #LockThemAllUp
Perhaps you should have read your emails a little more carefully? Especially the Classified notations.
Is @HillaryClinton a Devil? An interesting analysis:

I love you so much!  You are beautiful and amazing and I'm so proud of you!
3/3/13 What did you do Hillary? Table 29? #ThesePeopleAreSick #ThesePeopleAreEvil #WakeUpWorld #WeHaveItAll #BurnInHell Hillary's Minions love to use Emojis


#PizzaGate Is Real 
#SaveTheChildren
Oh no - I smell a rat !  Teaching kids about finances - surely it’s Capitalism & not Socialism!
Never can figure out why people follow HRC just because they "think" they know her and don't like her.kind of a "strange" waste of time and really mean.Anyway,good video.Thank you Hillary
The most despicable person on the planet....
rockfish so on yet a buddy fishing next to you in a boat caught assortment of better quality fishes as yellowfin tunas bluefins halibut etc You get JEALOUS!  Many diff ways to test someone's truths falsehood integrity that's just one aspect of personality or morality testing!

If they're lucky enough not get aborted, that is.
So, I'm chatting with a male..
----
And he says it's ok for women to infer wrong in defining themselves on the basis of inter personal relationships, but it's not bad for men to do so.
coming from the mother who didn't bake cookies for her child. Because that was too feminine.
Chelsea Clinton's net worth is $15 million thanks to her mother's financial guidance. I think that's more than enough to hire a chef to bake the cookies for her.
Thank you Clinton Foundation! Chelsea will never do without!
Idiot! Clinton has worked for McKinsey & Company, Avenue Capital Group, and New York University and has also served on several boards for high-profile organizations. She earned her own dime!
leave our children alone!
How to still money?
GREAT LESSON HRC! Steal from everyone and place in a private account like maybe the Clinton Foundation!
Just tell them to never ever donate to the Clinton Foundation.
Fact, many DJT & Sinister Bernie supporters suffers serious  psychological damage from 2016, as a consequence of DJT's dark belief that 2016 life in USA was Medieval Times, HC was a witch to be locked up as Bernie's campaign saw HC as EVIL, Whore & Racist.
Hence, the burden to revive & restore the soul of our 240 year old  Republic is now placed on the 65 Million plus majority of aggrieved Americans who voted for Hillary & galvanized a Resistence. Onward & Forward Together w 2018 DEM Blue Wave & HRC 2020.
My daughter has been taught well she knows how to handle defeat not like u
If it was up to you there would be no children. You would have them on murdered before birth.
You are criminal and AMERICA is coming for justice!!MAGA
Why aren’t you in prison yet
She teaches to blame others for her lies and evil actionsIf you don’t believe it ask Haiti how it worked out for them. 
#SaveTheChildren
#2A
#MAGA 
#WWG1WGA
MAGAt, please shut up.What are you so unhappy about. The Orange clown is in office. Hilary is not.
Omg yes hill!!!! U r both amazing women and I adore both of u! @dangerousdoll13 
They're baby killers.. they don't care about kids or women.
You talk a lot about r reading ? Pease 
hillary clinton is covering up the fact that she has been involved in sex trafficking children from Haiti. Just wait, you will see all the evidence soon enough! Keep her AWAY from your children!
Killary sure knows how to steal from children #scumOfEarth
You need to leave children alone. You are EVIL.
Your followers are falling
We the people, were never gonna let crooked Hillary be President 
Moron, trump’s nickname for Hillary is the most blatant example of gaslighting anyone has ever heard.
@HillaryClinton I guess this is for males only because when females get older or marry they do what their husband, son or male boss tells them to do. #goaway
Hmm.. you tweet so much about children, yet you support the ripping out or poisoning by pill of innocent babies. Maybe you are just talking to the children who you can easily manipulate through propaganda
Sounds like a good advertisement for home schooling or a list of what is wrong with public schools.

Its a lot of russians here, and traitors
Yes you and your "8" followers
If being too long in Putin’s pocket or betraying your own country makes you sweat, you should go and take a shower, a golden shower. Recommended by your hero
What the hell does that even mean, Hillary is the one in the pocket...Dossier is false... and you sir can go get a gold shower since you libs are the ones that do all the freaky ass things
Remember when you had to return the dishes you stole from the white house ?

Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha
Ha

@johnpodesta loves hot dogs
That's good

Your good with some else’s money.
You know by tweeting anything all the haters and Q followers will spew their venom. It takes courage to do it anyway, good luck.
Hey Hillary did you see the chinaware you stole with other stuff when you left WH? And you had to return them and pay 144,000 for stuff you didn’t return? That China was used in state dinner! Karma is a bitch isn’t it?
You are indeed a Iron Lady
Hillary jail
This is good thinking about children studying
I think reading, singing and talking for kids are their force, and they must be training. In their future communication tools are like their magic force.
I have something to say concerning your interview with Chimamanda
Listen to Hillary! "...teach kids financial literacy"! What she means is get them & their parents to contribute to the quickly depleting Clinton Foundation! Her book sales tanked, her speaking fees R gone, she now pays to speak. She's a has-been, used & abused bag of hot gas!
How much do you and podesta enjoy Pizza Killary ?

Is it how to rip off the American people?
I still get teary eyed when I think about all the abuse you put up with.  Every day. You should be our POTUS.
Financial literacy, and the basics of money/taxes should be taught in school. (Canadatoo)
Tell them about your lies,corruption scandals, dishonesty you witch.

HIllary... read the children's book I wrote and gave to you in Seattle.... That's what it's all about!
so are you teaching them, how bribe and to rip off the american taxpayer too?
#LOCKHERUP her time is coming.
Do you teach them to stay away from predators like yourself
The Read Aloud Revival podcast is great for book recommendations and tips on how to encourage a culture of reading within the family. Check it out!
Why r u giving her time it's over not a good role model  Hillary go away
You eat childrennnnnnnn
Well u put it way more simply than I did brother, but THAZA FACKt’ JACK!
He does not know! To the trump of the table that one queen is missing
The first lesson in setting up your financial well being, is to open a Family Foundation
Whilst the children in Syria and Gaza and other places in the ME, die without food, water and shelter American kids are enjoying oblivious to the outside world. America hands off your atrocities in these places.
You also talk a lot about excuses as why you are not president
I used to teach financial literacy (dollars & sense ) to kids and teens. They loved it! I mean, they are obsessed w/ money - how to get it, how it works - and it’s one of the most important skills we need in adulthood.
I agree, definitely one of the most important skills needed. Our town has made it a graduation requirement. Should be in all schools.
Hope your life is happier now. I think of all you have done to benefit others! Look forward to the possibility of seeing you out walking in our beautiful city


PLEASE GO AWAY AND STOP TRYING TO BE A CANDIDATE FOR ANY POLITICAL OFFICE, YOU ARE NOT FIT FOR ANY OFFICE IN THE U.S. !!!
Donald Trump beat you in the election - sorry,  I just smile every time I get to write that, thanks
GO AWAY
No you don't. You talk a lot about why you lost and placing blame on others rather than your own evil self.
U talk too much! Go away!
The effort of mama Clinton is well appreciated by all and sundry as regards public enlightenment
Courses offered at Clinton University: 1. How to lie, cheat, and steal. http://2.How  to be a victim. 3. How to sell uranium reserves to Russia and get 145 million dollars. 4. How to insult 60% of Americans 5. How to run a terrible campaign
Love you lady

As Bill Clinton begins his new book tour this month, I want EVERYONE to know ......Bill Clinton, 42nd President of the US,   IS A RAPIST.

So ladies teach the kids and men run the world?
Don’t need the likes of a lying criminal career globalist politician giving me ANY advice on raising my children.

My children have been showered with biblical virtues and physical responsibility.  
Why aren’t you my president? I’ll never get over it. Poor us, but, Hillary, you’re actually too good for this country.
Wish someone had done that when I was a kid. Instead, I had to stumble through a world of financial missteps.
الأميرة هلاري 
yes you do '' TALK A LOT ''

Parents should homeschool and keep their children far far away from the globalist government indoctrination camps. Hillary For Prison! Bill Clinton is a Rapist!
Go back under your rock. I'm sure you will have an alternate agenda lurking in the swamp, hidden or ignored by @CNN
financial literacy? like how to scam millions of dollars, the proper way to conduct 'pay for play', how to hide money paid for fake info? dry up and blow away.
I wish I had that when I was a kid. My parents didn’t know anything about money and consequently neither do I ...
What? How old are you, like 10? Blame the parents, blame the government, blame the education system, pointing fingers at everyone except the one who holds the key to changing your life. You!
Teach them to run a illegal billion dollar charity scam like Clinton Foundation? Or maybe you can teach them to use Pak ISI like Imran Awan to hack congress Blackberries and Thin Clients?
LOL
Leave those kids alone.
#QAnon We elected Trump as the key to lock you all up. @realDonaldTrump & tear down your institutions. @georgesoros @HillaryClinton @BarackObama @Comey @johnpodesta @Jarrett @HumaAbedin @davidbrockdc @GeorgeHWBush @BillClinton @SenJohnMcCain @JohnKerry @EricHolder
I can’t wait for all of you to see justice
Do you know how to read? I have concern due to your inability to understand the word DELETE on your email servers and comprehension of its  consequences (or lack there of thanks to the formerly corrupt @FBI and @Comey )
Love Kate Mckinnon, anything she touches is gold ! Good job @HillaryClinton  for moving on and making differences (unlike some people )
wow, impressive 
This tweet would have been 100% accurate if it ended in the first four words.
Lilith go back into your hole!!!

Keep up the great work   


Wait, we’re all aliens?
Lol most kids can’t read or do simple math. Schools are run by liberals. They only teach hate and self loathing. Financial ?? Yeah right

Stop talking
Speaking of reading more emails out with classified info.. such a fool
Perhaps you can take an art class and you can illustrate a children’s book? It will give you something to do in prison! The gig is up!
you Hillary!!
Junior Achievement has programs on financial literacy in schools throughout the country and the world. Check out the Finance Park in Fairfax County where students spend a day experiencing real life financial decisions
Mrs. Clinton, why don't you speak against all the dirt thrown on u.
Hats off to the politicians, who want people to speak for them. Be People as well.

Watch this special 11-minute director's selection of @KillingEdFilm by the brilliant @MarkHallFilm http://ed.gr/f5qz 
Hello I'm sure it's just a bit bit sorry mr apple
hi hope you enjoy today
Stay far away from kids!
