See you soon @alliance4youth @arenasummit @CollectivePac @ColorOfChange @EmergeAmerica @IndivisibleTeam @iVoteFund @latinovictoryus  @runforsomething @swingleft @votolatino!
Trump did this, NOT YOU 
China did that. Not Trump.
Have you being watching and listening?!?! The Koreans are giving kudos to Trump for this historic progress.  Shhhh.  Watch and learn what strength and leadership look like.
What Moon actually said was that Trump can have the Nobel, all he needs is peace.



We you HRC, keep fighting against injustice & showing your leadership  
Fund state parties. We elect Democrats.
She gives to DEMOCRATS not Sanders cult members. You sit on the board of Our Revolution. You have no way in our party's funds
I am also the chair of a red state with 600 Dems on the ballot this year. Try again.
Maybe you can advocate for a caucus and participate in voter disenfranchisement like your buddies.
She already did that. Jane is the reason we’ll be counting caucuses and not primaries even when a state has both. She has no shame.
I’m from WA. I blame her personally.
You have a unique opportunity before you. In 2020, when you're standing around for hours, waiting for your caucus to end, being bullied & cajoled, remind your fellow caucus-goers that you could have just voted in a primary if not for Bernie's surrogates trying to stack the deck.
I think it is so amazing how dedicated you are to public service! Thank you!!!!!
...does Haiti count?
It counts as another lie from 4chan. You know the people on there are just conspiracy theory losers, right? It's not a secret club of insiders with the real facts.  Just incel losers.
Sure sure, Wikileaks is conspiracy theory intel too right? Lol, try harder Greg, usually innocent ppl don't try and destroy thousands of documents, or is that another conspiracy?
You don't sound like you know what you're talking about.  Wikileaks released documents hacked by Russians from the DNC. Hillary Clinton deleted emails.  2 different things.  The FBI cleared Clinton,  and there was nothing unusual in the hacked DNC documents. Did you read them?
Greg, u don't know what you're talking about, scour Wikileaks you'll find everything u need to know and the fact u brought up Killary was cleared by the FBI just goes to show u r lost. Yes, clear someone BEFORE u have all the evidence...I love u libs! Lololololololololol
She was in fact cleared! Lols!!!
Lols yes she was, she was cleared before the case was closed! Funny how that works out, huh? 
You're the best, Hill.
For a LLLLOOOOOSSSSSSEEEERRRRR

And not speaking to my indicted attorney, or my indicted campaign manager, or any of my convicted campaign aids. 
Darn I miss her.
Hers weren't indited because the FBI & DOJ were her cronies.
A Democrat with a bunch of Republican cronies??? I don't think so. But hey, keep reaching.
You can keep ignoring the fact that her & her entourage are so completely corrupt.
The only ignorant people are trump supporters who buy into the hyperbole and propaganda the right vomit to deflect what is going on with the current corrupt POTUS. The fact you think she owns everyone is hilarious.
I wonder what you'll say when they start going to jail.
I will be cheering when trump and his corrupt administration are out. When you can supply real indictments about HRC then come back and play with the educated adults.
You failed at every step of your life

First Lady Arkansas: Fail

First Lady of the USA: Fail

Senator: Fail

Secretary of State: Fail

Democratic Nominee: Fail

Presidential Election: Fail

So how exactly are you qualified to teach people how to defend their values?
You are a nobody, a wannabe journalist and frankly and obviously jealous of her SUCCESS she isn’t a failure and has never been one. She actually does laborious work to better our country unlike the “man” you call president.
Progressive values? Like money laundering, pay for play politics, rigging primaries (from a real progressive), defending child traffickers, using money for Haiti for Chelsea’s wedding & lifestyle?  That’s Effing funny! #NXIVM #Nancy Salzman #RichardMays #Haiti
You are an idiot!
Your perception of me is a reflection of you. Rather than call someone an idiot for having a researched opinion that differs from yours is what’s wrong with this world. Prove/ disprove what I posted. #NXIVM #NamcySalzman sitting member of Clinton gloabal Initiative House raided
If #namcysalzman was an actual true thing,

Why are there only two comments with that has tag.

Maybe cause it's bullshit just like your "proven research".
Or maybe you are too lazy & complacent to research & verify what you’re told. But that’s all right, I’ll get you started, Prove/ Disprove
Did you even read the article? It says nothing about HRC.
I told you I’d get you started, that was proof that Nancy Salzman’s House was raided. You blind followers are really lazy/ don’t even  research for yourselves. Ok, dampnuts666 one more link for you (not that you actually have the balls to look into it)
I agree he got arrested. What I don't agree is it has anything to do with HRC. Sad you belive anything on the internet. 
John 8:12
Then #Jesus spoke to them again, saying, “I am the #light of the #world. He who follows Me shall not walk in #darkness, but have the #light of #life.”
#Jesus #Saves  #BibleOurGuide  #OneNationUnderGOD
THERE. IS. NO. GOD. 

DONALD TRUMP IS PROOF.
Scott there is a God! He warned us against a false prophet ! God gave us minds to reason to choose right over wrong and to make good decisions. This is on our people! Not on God. I’m not being a preacher, I’m no one, just one like you who doesn’t understand this trump thing. 
arent you in jail yet? heard about the video of you and Huma! wow...pretty sick if true ....cutting a babies face off and wearing as a mask? seriously sick....i pray that it isn't true...but not looking good, they have it on tape apparently..time will tell i guess
Have a great and productive day  I'm thankful for having you as my greatest role model since earliest childhood - not only in politics, now also in law school 
Role model in what way? Just a curious reader.
She is probably gearing up to get rapists off the hook on technicalities so she can laugh about it later,  just like her role model.
My recommendation is to crawl into a hole, hide and hope for the best.  The truth is coming. You will pay dearly thank goodness.
What we saw in 2016:
That's a great meme of Obama's cabinet.
Lol lol lol talking about cabinets have you realize how brilliant this cabinet was and is?  OMG Hilarious; WH is now a Mad house lol
Start watching the real news and expand your thinking. Take the #redpill.
Real News? Are you talking about Fox News come on get off Breitbart and the Russian Trolls News unless you are one of them and I am wasting my time answering you goodbye friend #BlueWave2018
Nope don't watch any MSM including Fox. We're all being played by MSM.
I agree
Why don’t you just come right out and say what you mean traitor! You will be discussing your new plan to bring this Country down from within! What plan are you up to now? Plan D? AB & C failed! This one will too! #WeThePeople have had a #GreatAwakenening YOU ARE GOING DOWN!
Awww, honey
Seriously. What a spazz.
Is this a spaz? Or just a #morallybankruptpresident
Both, and a tragedy.
You have values Hillary??? Haha .      Does Bill as well????
Ok...”Yoda-chickenshit”
Don’t forget your ankle monitor...
Cant believe this evil witch is still walking around..smh
Can I come? #dreamconference
Your values have never progressed you have always only had one thing in mind from Nixon to now get rich a screw anyone who slows you down.

#Whitewater, #Benghazi #UraniumOne #Pizzagate #SethRich #ClintonFoundation Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah 30 Years and nothing.....
Futile, b/c they're stupid. America has awoken.

Gowdy spent $2 million taxpayer dollars on his Benghazi investigation and found nothing...Hillary testified for 11 hours. Cohen is taking the fifth....who's the criminal here?
Don’t confuse them with reality! Their lies are all they’ve got.
*regressive marxist Alinsky tactics
You are the WORST!  Thank God you lost the election.  Go away!   #OnwardWithoutYou
There can be no true defense of progressivism.
Hillary, WHAT DONT YOU GET?
She knows ONE thing for sure...she's pro-American, and Putin hates her for it.
The GOP is the Party of traitors, so you should change your screen name. You're not worthy.
 Hillary is “pro-American?” Lols! Is that why she took millions from Russia in exchange for US uranium? Now THAT’s funny! Thank you 
Stop believing @FoxNews #LIES! It’s absurd so many Americans believe LYING @realDonaldTrump. So many voters voted for #TraitorTrump to destroy our federal government intentionally.
So maybe you need to turn off CNN and pick up a newspaper. C’mon, honey, come get woke with us!
Progressive values? You're a progressive now? When did that happen?
All of her life. You know what's not progressive? Voting with the NRA. Voting against Russian sanctions. Sending toxic waste to a Hispanic community. Resenting immigrants. Calling Planned Parenthood and Human Rights Commission establishment. You have a lot to learn. son.
Keep drinkin the Kool-Aid Sophie.
No koolaid—just facts. So sad you’re unequipped to deal with them.
Oh no. I deal with them. And fortunately soon, you, your party, and that criminal that you follow, will be dealing with it also.
Criminal? You must be talking about Trump!
Nope. No collusion.
AKA.. Socialist values.
Keep the momentum going strong!.
November mid-terms is THE TIME for our great Democrats to steam-roll all Retrumplicans and take over the House & Senate so we can get things done especially the Impeachment!! Vote! Vote! Vote!
Love you Madam President--always working for us!
#denial
#idiocy 
#snowflake #screwfacts #EmotionBasedDecisions 
kind of crazy how you Liberals tend to ignore facts when they don’t fit your narrative. 
#HillaryIsACriminal 
What's it like to be an incel, Bryan?
I mean... you do realize that even after rigging an election and colluding, Clinton still didn’t win. She is NOT madam president and never will be. She is the epitome of evil.
You are too stupid to realize you're brainwashed. Don't blame god for the worthless space between your ears.
My life accomplishments would highly disagree with your insecure immature name calling attempts. 
It’s rather pathetic that you are so insecure. Good thing ignorance like yours isn’t contagious. 
#liberalmentality #LiberalismIsAMentalDisorder #LiberalLogic #ignorance
You should run for Congress again and keep 45 in check.
She’ll be dead from Parkinson’s and the many other illnesses before we see her wrinkly ass in public office.
Except she doesn't have Parkinson's.
She has epilepsy.....
Nope... go back to Fox and try another medical diagnosis. Maybe Alex Jones has a few ideas.
She had a stroke due to a blood clot which occurred from a severe fall-she is probably on an anti coagulant which causes   bleeding.
No!
My sister had the same symptoms.....
When they dragged her back to the SUV she had an issue.....

Gotta give it to her though.....
She put Trump in the White House....
She had pneumonia.
Only thing she is going to discuss is how she can get in office and get richer off the American people,her piggy bank is not as full as she wanted it to be and she has no more slaves to do her bidding.
Trump gets richer every day he is office. The emoluments lawsuit will take care of that. Brain dead people who live in fear of change follow the orange man.
Which political office did trump hold before stealing the pres. election with the help of Putin? Despite their sensless noise HRC is not under any investigation but trump and his buddies are; so what's the argument here. America has been disgraced because of a disgraceful trump.
No proof ur dumb af...hence the no likes or retweets...she paid for the trump russia dossier thats been proven by everyone to be a hit job...what dont u get?

Stop. Just stop.
That request should be directed to @realDonaldTrump. #TraitorTrump is a treasonous, lying son-of-a-bitch!
Also!

Why does Fox News continue to attack you now that you're no longer in politics Hillary? I do not understand the rational behind all the attacks on you? I think Fox News is a women hating network if they do have women working for them.
She is a criminal! Are you living in a cave. The FBI/DOJ and intel agencies were corrupted at the highest levels. It is so obvious! Wake up!

#HRCVideo 
#MAGA 
#GreatAwakening
#QAnon
@realDonaldTrump
Colin Powell secretary of state lies to the United Nations about weapons of mass destruction uses his personal email for top secret information and you give him a free pass? Hey dude you can't have a double standard when it comes to the rule of law sorry you lose. More fake news
Just more left wing deflection. Here let me help you be honest with yourself...ill start. If Powell is a criminal lets investigate and prosecute! See how easy that is? #GreatAwakening 
#
The left does not have the megaphone echo-chamber right-wing media @FoxNews @iHeartRadio like you right Wingers do. You can make up your own facts. Your own history but it doesn't change a damn thing when it comes to what I think. You are a liar and you're wrong period. Ha, Ha
Again more deflection and dishonesty on your part. Maybe you are a bot! Echo chamber, the left is nothing but an echo chamber. MSM is so #FakeNews and that is how you get your facts. What a joke!
#MAGA #GreatAwakening 
@realDonaldTrump
Here I am a real person arguing with a Twitter account who isn't a person but an image who's run by the Heritage Foundation. The same person using 50 different accounts on Twitter and your job is to disrupt argue and spread lies disinformation to the masses. Nice try.
Thank you Hillary
Yes thank you for never shutting up. Makes winning elections easy.
Troll
Add plenty of dirty MSM so called "journalists" to this list 

Wish you were headed to jail, or just home to shut up. One of the two would be nice. 
You’re old news, and your “party” no longer wants you.
For the love of God.... Please crawl back under that rock in Arkansas!
Retire. Go home. Relax. Spend time being grandma.  Never know how much time you have before you’re behind bars.
Aww cupcake I know you forget to add trumps name
Sure kiddo, hit us Trumpsters with all those facts...btw, when will we get all that "Russian Collusion" u libnuts keep sheeping on about?
You wouldn’t know a fact if it walked up and smacked you right in the face. Remember cupcake it took almost 2 years to get Nixon. Don’t forget the guilty pleas and indictments mueller has gotten already
From Trump or from ppl "linked" to Trump? Lololololololololololololololol. Wikileaks is your friend Michele. Out of curiosity, what does resisting anything Trump do for u? I'm genuinely interested.
Wikileaks is garbage. What does resisting trump do for me? I don’t do it for me I do it for the people he’s screwing.The poor, the middle class, people of color,DACA recipients and kids trying to get through college with enormous debt hanging over their heads.
Sure it's garbage because u say so Michele. Why so much hate? Has Wikileaks ever had to retract anything? Pls show...anything disproving the validity of Wikileaks. PoC unemployment rate is the lowest in how long again? Poor, middle class...facts? Trumps fault for college loans?
You don’t have an ounce of VALUE in your soulless body!!
Go back in the woods

Thank you for continuing to fight the good fight!
Godspeed.
Your progressive values we're rejected, get over it.

...
Miss you madam president
I'm so proud to be a donor and partner. Thank you for your leadership. 
Also a donor. . #NCResists
Values????? Lack there of....
Hillary Clinton HAS value, unlike you & @GOP who stole America’s honor. @realDonaldTrump #lies consistently & constantly & you bought it! Vlad Putin paid for it!
Hillary is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

#StillWithHer
#2020

Isn’t @OnwardTogether financed in large part by the globalist George Soros? The same Soros whose end-game is to ruin the United States?
You are a true beacon of reality, change and truth. Continue to shine HRC!!!! #AlwaysWithHer
#LOVE
Proud to be a partner and donor!  #onwardtogether
Don't run in 2020. Be supportive of someone new. Than get out of the way.
It's "then" not "than".
Thank you 
Onward Together like Thelma and Louise?
Ah hahahahaha
Hey Sundance kid take butch with you (Maddow)
Is “progressive values” an oxymoron??
No, but “conservative values” IS an oxymoron. American conservatives value prevarication, theft, hatred of people unlike yourselves, perjury, plagiarism, more LYING, cheating, hate for your fellow citizens, treason & so much more skullduggery!i
TRUTH!!!!
Stay away from stairs.......and bath tubs....and curbs....and scotch

Thank you. Mrs. President who won by 300,000,000 votes.  I still have my yard sign on my wall. Where it will stay
Omg 
Looking forward to hearing the results of the meeting! #StillWithHer
You have values? Is one of your values to act like Richard Nixon & steal a nomination? Or change your values, assuming you have any, for political expediency e.g. crucifying women who, honestly, accused your husband sexual harassment to now saying women should be believed?
Go HILLARY!!!
Trump - Didn’t rig anything 
Hillary - Rigged the DNC Primary and still lost
You do know each state sets it’s on Primaries and rules. So Hillary got 50 Secretary of states to rig primaries including Republican states. And the main purpose of the DNC is to organize the Convention.
Haha... openly admitted by people who were involved.
Sure States openly admitting to breaking the law but not one peep in the news.
One word. Brazille
 good luck Hillary! Thank you for your wonderful service!!! MY PRESIDENT!! 
I just wasted my time coming out here to see if you had something good to say - you didn't.
Progressive values?
together we can make it.
As I read so many people comments on the matter of Hillary Rodham Clinton and what she chose to post on her Twitter feed, I do not understand why are Americans have so much hate in their hearts towrd their fellow American, remember God is watching you and listening
#Stillwithher

At this point in time of his confused president, his bots should be talking about his presidential achievements, but since there is none they keep attacking HRC as a way to justify the stupidity of their president. HRC is the pres; your trump is, so talk about his performance


You GO Girl! A majority of sensible-minded folks are behind you all the way.
Don't drink too much and fall, wouldn't want you to lose any more emails.
Wish I could be there!!!
Thank you for all the good you do .
These progressive values?
adjusting they man parts

Like she would know

Another way for you and your family to bilk millions from people. Will you ever stop?
The last thing this country needs is your progressive agenda! Just give it up. You lost and your just not that important.?
Rock on!!
U mean these plans @HillaryClinton #NSYNC #GreatAwakening #SaveOurChildren #DrainTheSwamp @realDonaldTrump
Values? 
#Hillary your #ProgressiveValues are:
1) stealing then pretending you didn't
2) lie when it promotes you're Progressive beliefs
3) yak yak yak like an Energizer mindless Bunny
4) repeat lies till simple-minded people believe them
#ClintonFoundation
#HaitiHurricane
#UraniumOne
Glad your still out there. The Trumptards fear you so much it's wonderful. Your name alone gets them so worked up. It's thier fear of truth.
Present day Americans lost their values by not supporting  you Madem in the Elections. Very sorry.
USA LOVES HILLARY!!!
Love you Hillary!
With all the nonsense, stupidity, and political atrocities going with trump administration, these trump bots and russia factory trolls still have the gut to attack a valuable citizen HRC who has in many ways contributed to the nation building on this great country. Shame on BOTs
Agree! Block the Bots. Trolls & Trump
I adore you. Keep on!
Nobody gives 2 shits about what you do
#LockHerUp
Thank you, Madam President!
Progressive? Don't you mean "Communist Values"??? 
The truth IS out there. You just have to know where to look 
"Progressive" and "Values" don't belong in the same sentence

Here comes the Trumpflakes..
What are your values, #EpicFail @HillaryClinton? As a #WheelchairUser w/ #CerebralPalsy I have contacted you & @BillClinton multiple times since 2013 w/ #NoReply & in 2016 you barred my #Wheelchair from #LasVegas campaign events & #DNCinPHL w/ #NoApology!!! #Actions = #Values!!!!
Thx @HillaryClinton for your dedication and years of Public Services #BlueWave2018 let’s bring orden to the Mad House
This one's for the Berniecrats. #FBR.


Pretty difficult to defend that which changes daily
Yeah right! The smart America people do not trust you or the Republican racists people of America! It comes down to who is the more the wickedness and out smarting the other... HaHa
Ignore the negatives, appreciate positive 
Hi Hillary Clinton keep up the good work as you always do it is great to know your hanging in there thanks
Hey Hillary. 
Nuke Israel?
Uh oh. Hillary and Bill are coming to town...

#AndAChild
#Qanon
#HRCVideo
Bonjour
Everything you say ends up hurting the Democrats. Please keep speaking
Bot
I knew I smelled something rotting in the air today.
#KanyeWest #Kanye #Lakers #SFGigantes #DodgersWin
#WHCD #NerdProm #Trump2020 #MAGA #trump #1A #TrumpTrain #SarahSanders #RedWaveRising2018 #CandaceOwens #NobelPeacePrize #Nigeria #Netanyahu #Iran bb






Thank you HRC for all you do
Says the person who stole a presidential nomination
Stole, maybe Bernie  didn't have the votes
Hillary is America's Herpes virus; serving only as a warning to others of what not to do 

#HillaryIsHerpes
, she's going to beg for more money that's all she does is give me your money give me your money
Go Hillary..your still working towards change and #I'mstillwithher 
Don't listen to all the wah wah babies in the #GOP
Thanks by your a boy friend! I am sure honorable president not feel to bad for 58 year old Ravi Pratap Upadhyay,‘ Cartik’! But I am wanted you or anyone call to me my nick name CARTIk (KARTIK) respectively
You can defend progressive values by eliminating lobbying, killing corporate campaign money, basically what Bernie wanted to do

You can't even coherently define 'progressive values'.
You have no values you crook.
Here’s some shoes that you might be able to keep on your feet! #MondayMotivation #AtomicArchive #Netanyahu #DemocratCorruption #Liberalismisamentaldisorder #LiberalLogic #IranLied
I rather stick a fork in my eye 
What's this 'our' shit?
Love the work you're doing. These Partner groups are going to make a big difference in the November election and the next few years. Looking forward to helping out in Arkansas. 
#StillWithHer #TheFutureisFemale #TuesdayMotivation
I wish you were our president right now.
Thank you for keeping at it, Hillary.  For never giving up on making the world better for all of us. We love you.
HIDE YOUR WALLET
You misspelled “give me some money!”

Fixed that for ya.
 But what exactly are your values?
Wonderful!  Wish I could be there!
Just checking in to say hello, thank you, and to balance out the hateful bots. I hope the meeting is great - post some pics after! 

I read that SoKorea paid $500Million just to arrange the last Unified Korean Summit...
Sorry ... I’m off topic
Is this another wealth building scam for you, Bill, Chelsea?
Thank you for all you have done all of your career!
please contest the election
Ugg! Get lost
Co-opted by the anti-christ

Vote 3rd Party candidates. Neither Democrats nor Republicans care about your lives. Their track records prove this fact.
I don't believe you can buy enough votes to save your Party. Sorry, there are more decent people in this nation than you know about. Stay tuned..
hmm
Your numbers are still dropping

Might be helpful if you find a way to be more inclusive with your progressive values, and include everyone.
The Resistance is just mad because politically the country looks like this now...and the Rightwings cling to paranoia like a babe to it's rattle lol
Hillary amor en este  día   1 De.mayo  qero .
"progressive"
Oh yes try and stay relevant Hillary Clinton with your no values plan
Progressive enslavement of the uniformed democratic constituency more like it!! Amazing ignorance of the democratic voters or shall we call automatic lever pullers!!!
Read your book what happend indeed what happens to women who have brain and aspires POWER? Go on....

#amazingday @OnwardTogether thanks @HillaryClinton @GovHowardDean #inspired by all the Partners
I’m with you!
HRC The People’s Choice
Can I come?
Take the elevator instead of the stairs.
ПРОГРЕСС,ДЕМОКРАТИЯ,
                               СВОБОДА!
I love this,  but feel we MUST definitively define them first.
Must have had a massive budget to afford you
Yes we all need to go back to American Core Values! I feel like we most of the US has lost there values on life Values
Love you Hillary our real President Hillary Clinton.
dear Hillary, still are courting world second war criminals.the media &individuals or...which spreading lies about a nation or people must under stand that they will not get away from the legal justic on http://day.fox  news need to leave this old shoes&sit in people ship
Whatever.....
Is this your organization that is not allowing members to withdraw and you are not showing where money is going .. as the Seattle times reported .
Tew ou ola ni?
IF you need any assistance, let me know, I’m available for this cause!
Thank you Hilary for so many years of service 2 our democracy & our COUNTRY!! Never mind the crazies in WH and their followers! We have learned that no matter how clear the truth is that just refuse 2 see it! It's like Fear of the Walking Dead u have 2 rub yourself in their filth
Progressives just can’t deal with loss so they go for these crazy conspiracy theories. God help these poor tortured souls.
Progressive ideas like sitting on your ass while... US consulate in #Benghazi is attacked? American uranium goes to Russia? Russians download classified info from your server? Your campaign funds #FakeDossier purchased from Russia? No one trusts you. #HillaryOnwardToNowhere
You mean your socialist ways!  Have a seat! You’re done!
#StillWithHer! We will never forget @HillaryClinton, who has always looked after us. For all the so-called progressive, #Berniecrat haters on this thread- Stop getting in the way of your own causes. #FBR!
In progressive values, you really mean your fascist values Hillary, it's ok to tell the truth even though I know it's difficult for you.
Progressive: To progress towards socialism.
Don’t ever use the word progressive again you neocon fraud.
Do you know something that's amazing... You can have Progressive values and not have to force them down other people's throats.
Have a few drinks they might be your last. However, I hear you can make alcohol in prison, in your toilet.
You're heading to jail that's where you're headed
You can't use the term 'progressive values'.  It's antithetical.  You of all people should know that!
progressive values?  Those words don't go together.  Hillary and Treason go together. That's what the rest of the country is discussing.  #HillaryForPrison
Could you please get Democrats to help Mari Copeny #LittleMissFlint with her Flint water crisis movement! I've noticed how you people repeatedly ask me for contributions, but totally disregard the urgent need for clean water in#Flint....
Thank you for all you do!!!!
You might want to start with a legal defense team first.
One way is to make you our rightful president.
@OfficeOfMike another one of Trump's public blow jobs
When are you going back to Flint, Michigan to fight for them and their water issues like you promised them during the election?
