You guys I just started a Kickstarter campaign! The Revolution is Female is a large format, hardcover photography book celebrating @HillaryClinton, her impassioned supporters, and a profound women's movement. Thank you! #Kickstarter #HillaryClinton 

…
Thank you @KristenBlush 
This is the least we can do for a Woman who has inspired the world for decades! #AlwaysWithHer @HillaryClinton
This woman DID NOT inspire the world. You don't speak for the world. I can assure you there are more women in the world who utterly despise this woman than consider her an 'inspiration'. She was a disaster. Everything she touched she manage to fck up in some sort of way.
So true! I’ve been aggressively blocking since the Democratic Primary in ‘16—have been joking for a year that I should hand my block list over to Mueller.
Emma has only 148 idiot followers. She may as well be a bot or troll. I could care less what she says,  but if she attacks the most inspirational woman aka Hillary Clinton—hell NO. I have a long block list too. #Onward
I muted a couple of aggressive haters yesterday who strike me more as extreme leftists than Trump supporters...in case they wanted to check up on my progress with the book. They are very mad Hillary is being honored this way—too bad! It’s happening! #TheRevolutionIsFemale 
Thank you for doing a book and I can't wait to see it. I am currently compiling a book for her myself
Many of you may not have been alive for the Lecherous years of @BillClinton. @HillaryClinton tried to smear and destroy anyone accusing #SleazyBill of harassment/sexual misconduct. He lied under oath and was impeached for it. How can she be a spokeswoman for this Movement?
With the a full heart I am happy to report that my Kickstarter goal has been met and the production of The Revolution is Female will begin on March 18, 2018! Thank you, Secretary! Can't wait for you to own a very special copy! 
Way 2 cool 
It truly is. Thank you, buddy!
@KristinBlush Please let me know if you need an editor.
#SDG5 
https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org/sdgs 
@KristenBlush
Thank you! I have followed you so I can be in touch down the road.
Wonderful news. I have edited 5 books, I am into the political, and I follow international relations with aplomb, including engaging at the UN. Hope to hear from you soon. Thank you again for doing this project.
Joanna, we should connect to discus editing my writing submissions for my book The Revolution is Female. I will have ~10 essays from different women in the book, so the voice will be different throughout. It’s beautiful.
So happy to support @KristenBlush Kickstarter! Can’t wait for the book!!! 
Jen—you have to know that the New Hope Pride Parade is in this book. One of my favorite moments of 2016. Love to you and Sue!
The future is so bright with Hillary, you’ll need sunglasses!
A highlighter is brighter than her future
#Bot #Bot #Bot

Must be allergic to lying! 
Aww... yes the champion for the guy who lies at least 5x per day; loves a good wife beater; gave our country away to #Russia 
#HighFive #DumbAF
The future is female  #Worldwide
Ahhhhhcheeeew oh sorry I'm allergic to Bull crap
Oops, allergic to creepy trolls.
Actually...this woman will must to be the USA's president.



These two quotes are not equal. Hitler said, "Society's needs". Hillary said, "what is best for society". What is best for a society is not necessarily what a society needs. For example, What is best for a person is not necessarily what a person needs.
Ok I'll give that however both are putting society in front of the individual needs. Therefore let Hillary lead by example. Society would be better off without her.
Society would be better off without tromp and will be without tromp soon
Go away Crooked Hillary
you meant Trump and his croonies...
Hmmm, let's see.
She was charge of the state department and made sure her husband get paid to give speeches and contracts.
She deleted 33,000 emails
She had a private server and her bathroom
She was against gay marriage in 2008 and then flipped when she ran for Senate
Jeff Sessions. DO YOUR JOB
You want to see Trump's list??
Do share
Under Obama, Russia occupied Crimea, the Middle East was in chaos & 100s of thousands of people died; gays, women, minorities, were slaughtered by ISIS & he failed 2 defeat ISIS in 4 years. Obama told Sergey "tell putin that i have more ability 2 help after the 2012 election.
have a horrible day :)
I hope ever day she has is horrible
I hope you learn proper grammar.
When leftist have no argument they always resort to personal attacks, and always falsely believe they are "intelligent", they aren't.
Amazing. Every word you just said is wrong.
ha ha ha ha have a horrible day stupid!
I'm sorry, I thought you said the left resorted to "personal attacks".
I agree, you are "sorry"
Change the way w raise our children and we change the world. #ThinkBetterLiveBetter

#WomensMarch #WomensMarch2018 #WomensRights #girlpower #womenarethewall #ClintonLegacy #StopBullying #ReasonsNotToGiveUp #Resist #Resistance #FollowBackResistance #FBR
#girlpower #WomenEmpowerment #WomensRights #WomensHistoryMonth
Racist-Feminazi-KKK.
@HillaryClinton go away.
Of course you would. Donations to the Clinton Foundation have lagged, haven't they?
Says the woman that can’t keep her man happy.

Ey abd ey İsrail sizler bu dünyayı yaşanmaz ettiniz müslüman kıyımı yapıyorsunuz bunu sızın adaletınız

Any pictures of Bill & Monica in the book?
Dunno. Do you think Trump keeps pictures of Stormy in an album somewhere?

There will be a moment in time when the story of Hillary will be written, not by her or the sycophant gaggle. The arrogance, the delusional behavior will be an interesting read. 
The only woman you care about is yourself. What happened? YOU happened. Own it. #SickOfDems
Hillary is = cancer, unfortunately so many dummies believe her and she is using that platform to destroy country and female’s , Didn’t she protecte another sexual predator
Still my president
She was trying to have you (America) nuked ON PURPOSE, but you keep up the blind worship of a murderer!
You guys can bash all you want I will always look up to her because she fights for equality for my community
This woman is a child trafficker- someone who drugs, rapes & tortures children. Laura Silsby, Jeffrey Epstein, Marina Abramovic... research.
Drinking Trump kool-aid?
This stuff was known way before Trump...research

I sent you my book that I copyrighted before you where in the White House I made a mistake of voting for you and your husband twice I won't do that again.

Tick Tock YOUR TIME is almost up
Remember this photo, Ambassador Chris Stevens. You refused his numerous requests for extra security, & his pleas for help during the #Benghazi terrorist attack. You lied about it after the fact & deflected blame on a youtube stooge, while you ran guns to #Syria
cc: @KristenBlush
I was so proud to support this!! 
19 A false witness that speaketh lies, and he that soweth discord among brethren.
If women don't clean up this country nobody will
Badass @KristenBlush
@KristenBlush This portrait,from my daily portrait project, was painted for the book.
Beautiful warrior
I adore the trolls - the ones that say no one likes Hillary but then can't stand it when their is an outpouring of support for her.  I get it - you don't like facts.  :) Have a good day trolls!
No we just feel sorry for you.
Love my Madame President 
There’s a part of me that can’t let go of this small bit of hope that it can still happen. Blue wave, trump/pence removed, speaker hillary takes oval-or-finding of rigged election and she gets her rightful position. I don’t know, some miracle to right this wrong.injustice hurts
It’s sad how many of you refuse to know how she was to victims of her husband and a 12 yr old rape victim laughing that she got the suspect off thinking it was so funny. You are in love with a crook, you have to live with yourself
There were no “victims”. If I’d been in Hillary’s shoes those “victims” aka home wreckers would be bald headed with no eye brows! Trying to steal someone else’s husband by flashing him your crotch is not the act of an innocent victim!
 Good grief when will she just go away!
Agreed she needs you leave every one in the USA alone, she's just a bird that needs to be scared off
Let's Go!!!
Yessssss!!! Love it!!
Identity politics 
I wish EVERYDAY that YOU were in your rightful place in the WH.
Oh she is.

This is the cover photo
You suckkkkk
Hii
https://www.gofundme.com/h4bzuo2   Thank you Hillary, please pass on..

Thx
Please just stop please I beg you
Same, “Caleb” - please stop.
Good morning!
Oops; having another seizure I see
nope just knock down drunk this time
Agreed! ....Nicky Haley for President!
Bill loves this
Better than being pissed on by Russian hookers.
Oh and by the way, Russia has some of the most beautiful prostitutes in the world. You would probably welcome being pissed on by them.
http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/require-licensing-firearm-ownership …
and on Amazon,under "people who bought this book also bought" a rope and a stool.

Back at you & those who don't believe in supporting women's rights!
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats 
@ChelseaClinton @KamalaHarris @SenFeinstein @SenWarren @MaxineWaters @SenDuckworth @peterdaou @MtnMD @MomsThoughts @kylegriffin1 @JuddLegum 

And 65,844,954 people LOVE this too!
(2.9 million more people than those who were fooled on election day)!!
Equality for all.
Even the black people she called “predators” ?
Why is it colour you feel you can relate things with me with? Racist piece of s-t
You’re all the f_king same. 
A black person says something and you don’t see a human you see a black person. F-k you.
Oh, you’re black... cool. I didn’t even look at your profile. Just your comment 
I didn’t say anything racist   it hey I know you have nothing intelligent to bring to this conversation
Love this 
Love this more.
Awwwww, poor child blocked me. LOL

Love This More! YOUR TURN!
No collusion https://www.hannity.com/media-room/no-collusion-mueller-indictment-says-trump-campaign-unaware-of-russian-meddling/ …
UGH!
Heard you traffic kids Hill. Prove the awakened wrong.

Of course.  Its about you.
If you weren't selling influence and taking bribes the same amount of money should be coming into Clinton Foundation now that you hold no official position in government right? Why would donors just stop helping people if that was what $$ was for?
Females getting raped by democrats.
Resisters = antifa= killers= death
How disgustingly self serving is this? Need any more $ for the "ClintonFoundation"? Your money laundering, election-rigging, pay to play finance arm of the worst presidential runner up in history? Gross. 
Cheated America out of a real president.
#BernieWouldHaveWon
12 million dollars for a pack of lies and you still lost!  I was happy to see you're hitting the campaign trail for Dems!  Your efforts will ensure Republican victories in the fall, so thank you!
Thank you Russian bot! How'd your pal Putin?
Ah yes, the cry of the truly sad and desperate...you're in good company.
bigger than that for we value diversity and content President neglected . We can't lose sight of these values as well. The reason our President is used to lumping them together into a monolithic category is because he's not more receptive to those values.  America sees their
H

A

I

T

I

‘

S


g

o

n

n

a


H

A

T

E
You figured what happened yet?
Vote and use http://mindtoolsforallofus.com/ 

Ugh ... please go away already ... you are HURTING the democratic party. Everyday there are more and more little scoops coming out about just how crooked you and Slick Willy were and probably still are.  Not someone I would have my daughter use as a role model.
Which is worse @HillaryClinton having sex with Yolo ono, using Cathy O'Brien as her sex slave or Huma & Hillary molesting that CHIlD?
Will it have pictures of you in your orange jumpsuit with your PRISONER number on it? Thinking that could be the cover photo! I'd buy that book for my coffee table!
You would.
I'll send you 10 bucks if you burn all copies.
She embarrassed females years ago. She doesn't support woman nor has she ever done anything to help the.. When is she going to jail.

#MeToo American women wake up and be bold
You won't love it when you arrive at Gitmo and see "Old Sparky" grinning fiendishly at you. Glad I'm not you. I would hate to have your nightmares.
You are a imposter!
Of course you love this, Hillary. It feeds your starving ego.
And, it's a picture book...perfect for the left...
Bwahahahaha. Perfect. The only thing better would be if it came in comic book form with little text balloons for dialogue.
Who cares
@KristenBlush
I hope you get to teach that in jail soon.
Hillary, STOP MAKING THIS ABOUT FEMALE AGAINST MALE OR BLACK AGAINST WHITE. IT SIMPLY SHOULD BE WHO COULD DO THE BEST JOB FOR OUR COUNTRY!! IT SEEMS THAT IDEA HAS BEEN LOST AND THE IDEA OF "HOW CAN I LINE MY POCKETS" IS THE ONLY THEME THAT HAS GONE ON W/YOU.

Clinton's nothing but another Al Gore. She just a sore loser.
Criminals are NOT role Models #CrookedHillary #NoOneCares
This book is probably a better read....
https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/0312240910/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awdb_t1_Z6IGAbKTBRC5S …
Still my President!!

I would love it if someone who make a coffee table book about me too.
If she gets sexually harassed by your spiritual advisor, will you move her to make sure the man is taken care of....again?
Vomit...waste of time
Hey Hillary
Once again, what's with the girl power?  Trying to stay relevant much?
WR@HS♡CH¡LD (@WRatHsChilD_ish) Tweeted:
@seanhannity @edhenry @mattgaetz @SaraCarterDC @jsolomonReports #Hannity 

America has Spoken  https://twitter.com/WRatHsChilD_ish/status/961788002287702016?ref_src=twcamp%5Eshare%7Ctwsrc%5Em5%7Ctwgr%5Eemail%7Ctwcon%5E7046%7Ctwterm%5E2 …
Yes, The deplorables, the uneducated, the KKK, the racist, the haters, they have all spoken.
Is there a "bitch lost" chapter?
Hillary's got a lot of free time on her hands for the past year.
So really you are just capitalizing on all of theses heartless soles that can not get over the fact they lost the election, and you stand to make a nice tidy profit....good move
Too bad you dont fit in that category hillary
Sounds bad
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THE MOVIE...HILLARY V THE DEVIL NO DOUBT THE EVIL IS THE UNDER DOG..
The revolution will happen when all of humanity recognizes we don't need narcissistic greedy short sighted fools like Hillary here to run things, we don't need capitalism to worship like a god
Just each other
Don't take my word, take Jane Elliot's
She suggests reading this book
#BernieWouldHaveWon
I’d like to pledge $0.00

Except for the females raped by your husband?
need to get the ass trump out of their
OMG you have got to be kidding me... will you all have new hats? Possibly a penis this time? Did you get great shots of the women from the countries that she collected millions of $ from? The ones that are cutting female genitalia? That would be great for the coffee table
When are you to be going to trial for your crimes?


Is this real?
No offense, Hillary but your presence in national debate these days only enables Trumpites to use you as a distraction. You had your chance. You got my vote.  Leave the fight to others now.
Good grief @KristenBlush. Why? @HillaryClinton is a career criminal & serial liar. If husband Bill ever sexually assaulted you, she'd be your worst nightmare.
Hi ya chick!
Going down, can you say military http://tribunal.lol  Q
You’re no “champion of women”
So much hate for men in the Democratoc party. I guess if I had only know weak, corrupt, spineless liberal men all my life I also would be trying to remove them from politics, families, religion .....existence,  like liberal women are
All those Muslim countries you took $ from are horrible to women yet you NEVER denounced their war on women! 

We all know $ means more to you though

Can't wait for those handcuffs
Screw you,and btw,screw you
You may well love it but the world will love it more when your hanging from a rope #ticktock
We love you Hill !!!
We cannot stop emphasizing the presence of this magnificent woman and her life long dedication to the Public Good, especially children and families. 
She not only opened doors she threw open many sealed gates.
Hope this includes a photo of you the night you lost the election; crying into your drinks, instead of having integrity to address your supporters gathered outside to hear you speak that night. #SoreLoser
God, I’m going to vomit!
The Rosatom CEO just died along with 71 others, in a random plane crash. Uranium One. Hard to testify against Hillary if you're dead.
Are you crazy or a Hillary Bot make sure you get pictures of her in prison for all her crimes against the country. It amazes me how many people act like they don't have a clue about the deceitfulness of this woman she even has Obama involved. Fake news paid to start lies on Pres.

Bill will be there with a full box of cigars.
Of course you do, it's that unthinking blatant idolatry that you so enjoy where nobody's allowed to look behind the curtain and see you're nothing but a warhawk in a pantsuit whispering murder dreams to Henry Kissinger. You and your supporters need a mental health intervention.
And love this!
Love this?

Oh please Blilary  - presumably standing for woman’s rights. How about standing for your own rights and leave cheating Bill ... lead by example
Does it have a good one of you raping #Haiti in there?  Or some action shots dodging sniper fire?
Omg!! You are such a hypocrite LOL

#StillWithHer #strongertogether #BlueWave2018 #FakePresident
Looking forward to your prison sentence, Hillary!
do you realize how laughable this is?
Do you have a link to the Kickstarter campaignN
Thank you! Yes: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/kristenblush/the-revolution-is-female … --KB
My 45 #ImWithHer
No-one cares what you think @HillaryClinton ... Why is it so hard for you to get the hint???
Me too!!!  I am running for County Commissioner in a RED STATE and I am in it to win it!!!  Thanks HRC for paving the way!  “Women don’t back down!!!”
Keep us posted on your progress and how we can help you WIN!
Will the book picture the perp walk???
GO BACK TO THE WOODS. YOU ARE YESTERDAY'S NEWS.
She's going to need the money for commissary
These words wrong a bell? The clock is ticking! #HillaryForPrison
God I hope so
Are you still breathing?
there is a very large women's movement and it isn't to hate men, family, or god and country.. and this movement will stop this gross thing that is taking place, Ginsburg, Waters, Hillary, Fonda, Judd, and more ... these are sick and twisted ideals you push on weak minded

Hey Killary, you starting this in prison?
It will make for great reading, in jail.
.....
Go away u damn criminal
All that for #Ivanov ? You're sick! #LockHerUp

You should be in the Oval office.  I’m really angry that we got robbed.
You are going to prison.
I just hope it is not a bunch of Lie's like her campaign and when she was in the Wight house and I hope it has her when she got all the American soldiers killed
Of course you do, anything concerning other people's  you are interested... In your cut.
LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP LOCK HER UP


Tell me Killary, why are you being treated above the law with white gloves, while a military person gets a harsh punishment for taking some innocent pics inside submarine to show friends & family, as you walk free with the gall that you have?!
Yuck lol

