You cheated Haiti. You cheated Bernie. Your husband cheated on you. And now you’re trying to cheat jail time! #releasethememo
Does she even know what happens when her account tweets something as fucked up as this.  It turns into a jokefest.  im loving it.  Wheres the money  lmao
Recall "Redeeming social value" as (Er uhh, don't help me now) redeeming some otherwise too objectionable movies. S...house has redeeming social value  because use of such things has positive social (thinking again) value.
but on the positive side Bill, Hillary and Horse Mouth Chelsea stole millions of dollars from the HAITI Relief Effort.

#Corruption #LockHerUp
Good tweet! Very compelling. Never realized she had horse mouth. Just thought she was ugly. Thanks for putting that in perspective
oñ9ñ9
I wonder if Haiti info will be in #ReleaseTheDocuments #ObamaGate
https://youtu.be/T00-Noj0gHA 
Thank God I don’t look like him!
Tisk Tisk Tisk. Such a blanket hate spuing statement. Where’s the hate speech police?
Liar.
Says the woman who used her "charitable" foundation to rob the citizens of the US via "donations for Haiti" which never made it to Haiti, but instead enriched her and her family. You are the reason we are bitter and then some.
You stole money from that country!
Mrs president how are you
Our President is a Mr
Fuck you you evil bitch
You did what again for #Haiti through the #ClintonFoundation ?
The anniversary of the Clintons stealing money from Haiti.  Aligning their own pockets instead of rebuilding a devastated country.

Give it up bitch.
After this succubus and her minions raped Haiti, she has the hubris to tweet this. If you’re still ‘with her’ and don’t find this tweet obscene, God have mercy.
What did you do with all the money you and your husband collected for Haiti??? In your pocket
Wasn't your husband named to take the lead in rebuilding Haiti? He did a fine job, where did all the money collected go anyway?  Not to Haiti
I am grateful I don’t look like him!
HAITIAN PEOPLE FRIGGIN HATE U AND YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY BECAUSE THEY paid FOR  your daughter's wedding! (not Bill's biological daughter OBVIOUSLY)
What about your racism?
Till date, I still cannot understand why Trump won the election. He does not make this world become better than before. Indeed, it feels like US and this world become messy. Sounds like the issue about Russia behind his winning is true.
Agree completely!!

Did she really just tweet this about Haiti?? Shows you just how evil this bitch is.. She used the Haiti earthquake to scam millions off of them. She knows she's evil and above the law, so she probably had an evil smirk on her face when she wrote this tweet.. Sickening...
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
#NoFlyZone4Afrin
Go away Hillary
Will somebody PLEASE tell Chelsea her momma can't even win a RIGGED election!! 
#ReleaseTheMemo
The people of Haiti despise you for stealing their 6 billion dollars in relief funds.  Don’t think we forgot. #Haiti #NeverHillary

I don’t like her because she is weird a lier and I dont think she would have coped with the pressure ..... look what happened to what we got #verybritishproblems

If you pull up a map of the US, color in all the areas where poverty and homelessness are "normal", and then overlay that with another map that shows all the areas that voted for Hillary, you will find they match up perfectly.…
Hilary, where are the billions raised  and put in your hands for Haiti? Btw trump didn’t say shithole. U did say Democrat votes are dumb though
good
Is that when you bagged their money and took it home with you?
Hmmm you want to honor them. How about giving them the money you promised them. Instead on putting it in your pocket. Let’s get the truth out.
Where's the money?
Oh no
THIS WOMAN IS INSANE, HILLARY, REMEMBER, !!, YOU AND BILLY-GOAT COLLECT MILLIONS FOR THE VICTIMS OF THAT EARTHQUAKE IN HAITI, IT WAS PUT INTO THE HILL N BILL AND OF COURSE, BILLY THE GOAT'S STEP DAUGHTER'S FOUNDATION. YOU DIRTY THIEVING SCUM.
You ripped Haiti off!! It was a payday for u! #MAGA2020
I’m thankful for every single day that you are not my president. #notmypresident #trump2020
I think it’s more he and the people see the real truth
Didn't you steal their money?
Of course, you remember the day.
It marked the beginning of the single largest scam your family perpetrated against the Haitians.
Mary Lou, you are seriously uninformed
Amen sistah!!
Ewww
u miss kids right. Hansel and gretal will never visit ur candy house again.
It’s a day to remember that the Clintons used this disaster to fill their coffers
Ya'll call Trump a racist for calling Haiti a shit hole, which it is,  yet, you're all perfectly fine w the Clinton's  robbing them of millions of $ meant for it's people to rebuild their lives???? Ok.. I think Clinton's sin far exceeds Trump's one comment.
Well said, thank you, you seem to be a strong , smart woman, Democratic politicians love weak woman.
Where's all your deleted emails Hillary? What did YOU say that you're ashamed of????
Why would anyone wanna look up too you?? Your husband and you have been in America’s life for over 20 years and you have done nothing good!! Yet you expect us too still believe your BS!! Bill cheats on you!! Yet you bashed those woman in the media and made them all go away!!
Democrats have town meetings and talk about everything get their input stop trying to compromise  they wouldn't couple miles without when you have a day in office they want us to compromise with them but they would compromise with us when we in office so stop co
F U C K  U KILLARY
Sweet words dripping from the tongue of a snake.


really it's a copy speech thank you very much to you
Yet the President of Haiti says you raped ad pillaged his country.
Haiti wants their money
Your still crying cuz you lost?

Some considerations should be practiced.those who embraced those thoughts, they also suffered the consequences ..
How much money went to the people of Haiti after the earthquake. Nothing from Clinton Foundation?
Less than 2%.  2%, yet she has the gall to say this?  Guess Michael Obama isn’t the only First Lady, umm Man, significant other with balls!
You keep returning to the scene of the crime.... typical criminal.... instead of returning via Twitter May I suggest you actually return to Haiti... and leave your security at home... no need for them since the Haitians love you sooooo much! #LockHerUp
You and your foundation did very little to help those people. You used them to your advantage. Shame on you all.
And the whole country has been subjected to your criminal activity and fake foundational your constant whining because you lost.
Reminiscing of how you stole that cash? You're disgusting. Can't wait to see you taken off to prison where you belong. Bitch!
You stole from the Haitians. Period #ReleaseTheMemo
Fact u are speaking
I thank God everyday you are not at the helm!
Haha Haha
I needed a good laugh today.
 I always have one when I check out Hillary's tweets.
Shut up Hillary. Haiti's pain is your to carry.
You know they are scared of their own reality when you have this many Russians and fake accounts replying. We love you, @HillaryClinton Keep freaking them out.
Oh really!? ... b/c your shady AF “foundation” helped people.  (and by helped people, I mean paid for your daughters wedding)
@GotRichOffIt you are so crooked to even mention this anniversary that you got rich off of by stealing the donations meant for Haiti and putting them in your own pocket America is so grateful you DIDN'T get electrical have fun in prison @ RELEASETHEMEMO
And Cuban cigars!
Give the money to the people, you thief
Beautifully said
J'adore 
You go girl! Very proud of you!
You're more racist than the president is.  At least he didn't use Haiti's money for his daughters wedding.
Not many want to look like him
I wouldn't want to look like her.  She hasn't aged well.  She looks about 80 with hair dye
I guess? BEING your biggest score,(2billion robbed from HAITIAN RELIEF FUNDS ) it's a day to remember for you??
Said the one who diverted their money.
You are at the number one top of the list on that
@HillaryClinton You should take up another collection for those poor people of Haiti. No really! We totally "trust" you. Oh, and, calling someone a racist who isn't racist is race bating, making YOU the racist.
Yes, I am sick and tired of this Administration! Really sick to my stomach. Everything you said during that horrible election, and the debates about this man that is now our president was true and is a Nightmare that we are living in now.
Why don't you crawl back under the rock you came out of.  No one is interested in your lying comments anymore.  MAGA
You and your family made a lot of blood money on that disaster.... You are truly the Devils spawn!!! #ReleaseTheMemoNow
HEY BILL AND HILL...another one bites the dust!!!
And the millions of dollars the Clinton foundation made from the tragedy that were never used for the people of Haiti
@HillaryClinton you have some freaking nerve...shameful
She has no shame! I can't wait for this to come full circle her money can only buy her way out for so long
...says the woman who's very Foundation has robbed, looted and pilfered Haiti to the tune of untold millions. GFYB

Shut up Hillary! You’re irrelevant.
Thank you Hillary! OUR JOB GOING FORWARD must be to doggedly filter out the vileness and pathetic ignorance. These are willfully ignorant people...they are a lost cause. The cult leader trump sunk his teeth into them...rmbr the raised-arm pledge? and "I could shoot someone.."?
Hi
Let's not forget the USAF member that perished in the quake...Lt Col Ken Bourland.  May he rest in peace.
You'll never forget your big pay day!!!
Please stop thinking you're some kind of angel, lady - you're a thief, a liar and a corrupt individual - morally, ethically and politically!
#LockHerUp
you’re so phony
Why keep spreading hate? This is why college educated women like me made sure you weren't the first female president.
Just because he called it a ‘shithole’ doesn’t mean he’s racist, it is, I mean look at it. Complete waste
OMG.....when are U going to LOOK in the Mirror??
like if you truly care about the people of Haiti. If you did, donations to the Clinton Foundation earmarked for Haiti would have reached the Haitians. You're nothing but scum.
Wher's the Haiti money Hillary. Show us where it went.
You lost and nobody cares what you have to say loser - we like winners @realdonaldtrump
Gee Hillary what happened to money you promised Haiti
Why you celebrating this....oh!!!....this is when you ripped off the Haiti Relief funds
"Trumps ignorant racist views of anyone that doesn't look like him?".......you seriously sound like a 3 year old   Im beginning to wonder if Bill didnt plan all this...you going to prison, so he could sail off into the sunset with his herom.
You raped the people of Haiti out of billions of dollars.
Send back the money
Is it true you only gave _ 2% to the Haiti Cause?  how much more money can Clintons need?     Wow!_ Bad Form Ms Hillary.  SO glad the world did not inherit YOU as American President.   Trump and Brexit have given the world a VOICE.
Where are all the billions your foundation stole from the Haitians? You’re a raging, hypocritical psychopath. One day they’ll see you for the fraud you really are.  Idiot.
Also a day to remember your brother Tony got a sweet sweet deal on Haitian gold mines. #ClintonCash
Plus her buddy got 10 million to build homes in Haiti thanks to his Clinton connections and never built a single home.
How’s that Haitian money working out for ya.? You should be in jail!You lost too!! Thank God.#trumpanydayoveryou #arrestyourself
This from the very woman who stole millions donated to the Haitians ... it's almost like you lost your mind when you lost the presidency ... bwahahahahah.  #MAGA
Today is, also the day that you and your devil husband began to rob the money intended to help Haiti recover. Might want to pull your hat down to cover your horns.
You kept ALL the relief funds you crook.!!!
How much for your daughters wedding? It cost me £400 for my wedding and you spent how much?!! Shame on you HC! I hope you read these tweets and let them sink in rather than just spout hatred for Trump.

So when are you giving back the MONEY you STOLE from the people of Haiti & their gold mining rights?
Happy I am here....
You can have her for Prime Minister
You, please just go away ! You are done
You screwed the Haitians..
Get off the dope Hillary!
She tweets this stuff because she gets off on it. Imagine if she was Potus what a shitmess we'd be in. The covered up lies and corruption... America hates you hillary face it... The day you die there will be a holiday named after you and no one will care. While hateful it's true.
Thank you for speaking out! Ignore the trolls they are possessed by an orange maniac and doomed to a horrible life! #hillary2020
Bahahahaha! Your kidding right? The gig is up lady. Everyone knows you used that tragedy to fill your pockets . Time to go for a walk
TRUMP IS NO. 1!!!! And you’re the worst!
Are you being sarcastic?  Where's the money?

what a racist=Taking the Haiti donated money and not giving it to them is apprehensive to all Haitians that are without a home. What a shameful thing to do. I'm so grateful that God seen his way to decline your presidency.
America is finally starting to  get it!
You made a killing on that tragedy. Didn't you? Enjoy your ill-gotten gains. You can't take it with you. Especially not where you're going.
U & Bill stole all the money for the re-building of Haiti
Return the money you took from Haiti!
#superpredator #benghazi #FakeDossier
Where's the money from that Haiti fund ?
What  did you do to help.

FLASHBACK: Little Haiti holds a "Jail for Hillary" protest.

"The world should know about the crimes the Clinton family has committed against the country of Haiti." 
I suppose all these people are Russian bots too?  LMAO
It was also a day that you and Billy’s Foundation saw $$$ to launder. The Haitian people don’t forget how badly you awful Clintons mistreated them.
What happened to the millions raised for them? You didnt help them, you helped yourself to thar money
She always plays the part so perfectly, I am actually starting to believe she believes what she thinks. I think it is multiple personality disorder. #releasethememo
You mean the one where you and your husband's foundation robbed the Haitians of most of the money raised to help them rebuild? That earthquake?
The ones you stole all the money from????
Can't wait to see your fat ass in horizontal stripes and behind bars! 
Such a hypocrite
So true
HOW DID #Hillary ’S Brother, A Former Repo Man, and Prison Guard, End Up Sitting On The Board Of A Highly Profitable Gold Mine In #Haiti? 
Haiti Hillary would be the answer
Ya!! without the funds donated to the Clinton foundation diverted from the people in  Haiti, who would have paid for your daughters wedding ? You LOST, the American people WON..Get over it...
We still have a swampy pig in the WH. And, lock Trump up
Time is almost done for Trump
To quote Jerry McGuire “ show me the money”
why do you hate so much?? and you say you love and care for the people of america,whereas,you are the ones who are eating the flesh of humans. Why lie and act so much @HillaryClinton .the NWO is not going happen untill the Lord permits.
Man...Hillary you have guts!!!!
Where is the money that you and bill took off with...
You should be charged with crimes against humanity!!!!
Lady you are total fraud and Thief.
Go away Hilliary  we see how  YOU truly feel and use people and the only person you care about is yourself and NOT America and Americans!!!!!! #PresidentTrump#
Really?! Talk about sadism...Or satanism#TickTock #smellthesulphur

I am not surprised.  Are you?
