Vote your hearts out!
#NeverAgain
Soooo you’d vote for a democrat who is less of a person...so mature. So mature
Yep and THERE IT IS 
Did you Know most . If not all, mass shooters are democrats?  Boom!   There it is. Your with the side till.  Bet your a pro choice too
Nope.
Look THAT has already been debunked 
I presume your reply was to someone else? Because yes, Tenney's theory has of course been debunked.
Yes......I don't see it now 
If Congress won't change gun laws, then we have to change Congress. 
.Constitution and bill of rights cannot be changed except through amendment process
Start with congressmen
But this is ok??
Do NOT compare the slaughter of 17 people to hypothetical tissue!
Don't be that ignorant!
Because to me, it's a true slaughter of those unprotected, that don't have a voice. I'm ok with limited gun control, not all out like you sheep are preaching. But 1 is not more important than the other

Lmao wait....so they do that shit for free?!?!? WRONG!!! there for, they DO profit from it. The NRA only profits when a person chooses to spend THEIR own money, nobody forces them too. So who's got it screwed up??
Yes,but True for all generations! I’m 60 and so with you guys!  It is true that youth vote is often low. GOP Politicians count on low youth voter turnout. That is going to change with this movement. You are helping everyone realize their vote COUNTS! #VoteThemOut2018 #NeverAgain
#VoteThemOut #NeverAgain

I fear we won't see real change until Millennials start voting in numbers, Now #GenZs are almost old enough to vote and we're really counting on you. You are the future. As a 60 yr old #BabyBoomer I hope I live to see the world you create. #BeTheChange
I fear you won’t get the education to help you make a good choice. Your all to quick to jump on a bandwagon that is currently popular. Are you aware that most, if not all, mass murderers were registered democrats?  Look it up public record
Does not matter if the mass murders are Dems/GOP. We don’t blame the party for these acts. We just want to keep kids safe. Whatever that takes. Might be common sense gun laws. Might be school security. But those that stand in the way of keeping kids safe need to go. #NeverAgain
Did you know there were FOUR GROWN MEN who cowered behind their car?  They could update have stopped this anytime.  Now, who to blame them?  The sheriff who told them to stand down in order to make crime rates look better?  The NRA who wasn’t even there?  Trump?  How about obama?
I proof read this!   Auto changed my spelling and added aword
I hate autocorrect. And the damn thing can't spell very well either
Meee too
“Narcissists take everything so personally because underneath their grandiose bravado lurks profound self-loathing—they need to be shored up by constant external praise.”
It's funny Hillary would retweet this, given her lifetime of massive handouts to the very same corporate bodies that gave her the biggest presidential election war chest on record.  Hypocrisy is apparent in this age and you are living in the past.
That, is every and any Post-Politician! DOA

Okay. So Hillary was correct about one thing. The stupidity of liberals
https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/967540601917968386.html …

Like the Dem Party using this crisis to funnel $$ into their broke Party to fund their 2020 Presidential election using fake Charities!
Please read!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9W6C9UulCM … #meme
Ironic that someone who values dollars over lives would retweet this !
Even if you're dead you still may be able to sneak in a vote or two. Don't give up.
Hell no  Quit using young people , you're not representing their cause. you're desperate for vote's  ,it's clearly obvious.
THE DEMS HAVE YOU ALL BRAIN WASHED. DO YOU ALL FORGET THE PREVIOUS 8 YEARS
Just make sure you are a legal citizen!
So the Democrats of America have a higher average income than do Republicans. Guess your point is made.
yea the same group that supported Bernie whom didnt have a prayer.  21 at least they have a clue.
Taking advantage of children suffering from PTSD is wrong. The mainstream media is full of monsters who will use these children - all for the sake of ratings an attacking competing news networks with boycotts, etc. pretty sad. A wake of terror naturally follows the sociopath.
I'm a registered voter and a Woman! Your comments about our husbands controlling our votes, How Absurd! I VOTED TRUMP without my husband's permission! Exactly, who are you to speak for or about us?
Like Hillary  she’s out and for good
You are so spot on!
Big believer in voteing as soon as it’s legal but make sure you vote for someone who supports the constitution and not using you to demolishing the constitution, I can guarantee you before you become an adult you will see the wisdom of the constitution and it isn’t with liberals
THE DEMS DEFINITELY PUT DOLLARS AND VOTES OVER AMERICAN LIVES. THAT'S WHY THEY LOST!
So you are now hoping to get under-age voters? They do not have the discretion to drink alcohol, or the maturity to serve in our military but you trust them understand the complex politics of todays world. This is a shameful, desperate grab at power.


Everyone has to vote - GOP is trying desperately to stop this - NO ONE can stay home and anyone who can vote - must!
That applies 100% to corrupt Hillary Clinton and all Democrats.
États-Unis/Floride             

          ((((()))))
dollars over lives lol. how about we stop teenagers from using smartphones bc texting while driving kills far more than guns do.
If you’re not interested in helping, kindly get out of our way.
sorry we will be stopping you sheep.
Lol. Good luck.
I don’t even understand why you have a problem with this. We just want better regulations that stop people who shouldn’t have guns from getting them. If you’re a responsible gun owner, you have literally nothing to worry about.
no thats not what all of the people on your side wants.if gun control worked explain chicago and Baltimore to me. alot of people have died for this country's freedom. sadly these kids died as well for our freedoms.
Simple: gun control doesn’t work when it’s inconsistent. It’s incredibly easy to drive from Chicago to Indiana and buy a gun.
the only people armed will be the criminals and the police. which you leftist have been telling us are corrupt and oppress minorities right?
Great! That means you should vote out EVERY DEMOCRAT in the US Senate because they ALL voted against the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act since they value taking your tax dollars rather than letting you keep your own money to spend as you choose!
If you're serious about this then start here: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.usatoday.com/amp/92842822 … follow the money trail up to today. It's out there. It eye opening.
Yes
and who exactly are those people that value dollars over lives?

Globalist Liberals have taken guns away from everyone, even police, in Sweden.

1 migrant vs 4 police officers…
And NOBODY values dollars over lives more than Hatemonger Hillary Clinton.  Clinton Body Count is now over 100.
So, I assume @HillaryClinton will be returning all monies given to her from Big Pharma?
Hillary leave these children alone!
That would be Hillary
Yes, I totally agree!. Vote out as many corrupt Democrats as you possibly can.

Well guess that eliminates the Democratic Party. That is all they want is money and power.
No it is dollars over lives like Dems always do now exploiting young adults for you own agenda in a devastating tragedy! Your husband & Obama had shoootings during their presidency and they did nothing but talk our POTUS is trying!
I think Hillary didn't worry about lives in Bengazi! She left them there to die! I will never understand that.
You guys have to do more than vote! Continue to take to the streets. Support people running against GOP law makers.
So coming from a party that like HRC who stole money and killed soldiers overseas that is some funny crap.
Make sure you are voting out all the Obama holdovers and do your research on current Congressmen/women. There are many corrupt politicians with their special institutes and foundations. These are all fronts for corrupt activity. If you are going to vote, make it an educated vote.
https://twitter.com/Hublife/status/972275875805782016 …
#VoterFraud.
Yes, and vote in good ole people like Hillary and Bill, who love pizza and hot dogs!!!  We're stronger with Pizza!
#ShallNotBeInfringed
https://www.hannity.com/media-room/obama-on-edge-trumps-doj-to-release-hidden-fast-and-furious-documents/ …

Crisis actors at it again!!!
Hey Baldy:  you and Hogg are always together butt to butt.. Balloon experiments, classes, all videos together. No bias? All pre-arranged & disciplined as Sheep! Don't bother deleting vids. They are safe!
It’s not which crime is bigger, World Trade Center, or having Nuclear Bombs aimed at us, built with our own Uranium.
The Fact is, Bush, Obama,Clinton’s are Friends working to Destroy America #Mena, #Hezbollah #DACA
They’ve been Puppets All Their Lives

@POTUS is No Puppet #MAGA
They don't need new voters with entire graveyards full of dead "democrats"
We did; the democrats


https://trib.al/Pg0eNSV 
I guess that means you won't be voting for the democrats. Smart choice, don't vote for politicians that take money from corporations that have actually killed children
god is great .He is like oxygen .we cant see but we cant livè without him.
We need ID laws, but the left can't cheat if that happens.
Democrats - desperate to keep America ignorant.  You'd actually want to put 16 year olds in charge of who runs the country.
HOW MUCH DID SOROS PAY THEM

Perfect! If you do that folk like Hillary stand no chance!
Then why do you support planned parenthood?  Guess you really don't support lives. Hypocrisy at its best.
No age is too young for the lying, cheating Democratic party.  They import illegal aliens in order to get votes from all over the illegal. Now I cannot go out to a Walmart or Price Rite without seeing hundreds of illegal aliens on welfare.
At 17 they can't even pull up their pants or tie their tennis shoes......so grab a couple of coloring books and crayons...stick to something you do know how to do
Honey, if you value lives over $'s, you best not be a Clinton supporter.  Both are contemptible corrupt criminals.
Well we kept Hillary out of office. Now we just need to vote out the rest of the democrats in office and we can finally MAGA!!
Damn the maga crowd has an obsession with Hillary. How long ago was the election?
Vote #DonaldTrump in 2020 he is making America great again #republicans will never let you down
Hilarious! Considering you back the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of innocent lives every year through planned parenthood....PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY!!!!
This has such an impact down under and blessings to the families that are suffering so much off a maniac
Democrats are desperate.
Democrats love money too, they just make profit from raising taxes while their regulations choke out businesses by the thousands. The goal.... to make America a welfare dependant country that relies on the government to survive. Move to Venezuela Hillary, America doesn't need you
Yes, vote Republican, Trump 2020
Wrong
Coming from the planned parenthood supporter
It's a good thing The Witch Hillary is not running then,she want be able to sell Russia more processed Uranium,so they can counting to kill innocent women and children in the war ,Hillary started.
Not intelligent. In this reality $$$=lives
Pennsylvania won’t let me :(
So democrats using these kids as fundraisers sounds like dollars over lives.
I am voting for Donald Trump because he is one of America’s best memes
Are you going to vote out those who take bribes from Unions like AFGE and the AFT? They have spent 100X times more on lobbying while representing far fewer people than the NRA.
Ben Shapiro DESTROY gun control with FACTS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjRJJgm7BWc&feature=em-uploademail …
Oust Republicrats, Donkeys and the establishment in DC!
Where did the Clinton’s and Obama’s get their money? Screwed over friends, conspired with communist countries

You really need to educate yourself. You've got everything all wrong and you really need to understand that you phony outrage is not the majority of thought in America despite the illusions the media shows you.
So you WANT to be a serf?
Don't trust Trump about changing gun laws. He a pathological liar and flip flopper. His interest in changing gun laws is for show only, he hasn't the balls to stand up to the GOP.
How disgusting you Dems are using child victims to votecyou have no morals and will sink to any leave it is beyond shameful!!
We are registered, as Republicans!
I challenge all Class of 2018 graduating High School seniors to register to vote as soon as possible after they turn 18! That way they can vote in the next elections! What ever you do, VOTE SMARTLY!
Then never vote Democrat. Because all they care about is money. You're a tool for the Democratic Party
You're a tool.
Like most of the #Democrats that got wealthy after they were elected? Yes vote them out!
You mean like we VOTED OUT YOU!? BTW you LOST the General election vote as well!- Studies proved your rigging, yup
USING #college kids to push your agenda of #disarmament is low, low, low...
However, as usual, it will backfire on you, hillie!!
You must keep last #election fresh in your mind, ur party rigged @SenSanders, you paid 4 the #dossier, you had @comey exonerate you, & YOU STILL LOST!
YES, GET THOSE DEMOCRATS OUT IF OFFICE!!!!!!!
Yup, and who is paying you. Soros, you scumbag!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKnnt76tFtA …
Oh I see! You want to win the popular vote again LOL! Fabulous go for it! it worked out very well last time! Don't forget....all those illegal immigrants can vote too!  @HillaryClinton @POTUS
Fun fact #1:  4 million kids turn 18 before the 2018 election.
Fun fact #2:  17yo's can register to vote if they will be 18 on or before Election Day.

REGISTER HERE:  http://usa.gov/voter-registra …
#TheResistanceVotes
#MarchForOurLives
#TheResistance
#NeverAgain
#Vote
Well, they didn’t help you in 2016 did they?   BTW, most teenagers are conservatives.
Who is that?
I’m illegal, a wanted criminal, I’m glad I can still vote! Thanks, Democraps! Can I steal your car?
Yea... Vote Out Dems
Yes,democrats have sold out America starting with Bill Clinton in the 1990s allowing China to steal our secrets! Clinton Obama selling our Uranium to Communist Russia for selfish profits to Clinton Foundation! What Patriots would sell out Americans like this? None, but they did!
Get out there & be sure to sign up as many illegals as possible!!!!
https://twitter.com/EllenD_world/status/966819914190385160/video/1 …
We are.. doing pretty good too, Hillary is gone, Pelosi, Freaka, Waters, Brown, Warren, Stabenow, and others will be out soon. We are clearing them out as fast as elections come around. Californian's want their state back, and we are helping. Thanks for your support.
Hillary trying to get ppl to break laws like she did!
That's why you're out, it was all about money for you, you didn't care where it came from or if you had to steal it.
Calling all illegals or anyone els you can drag in to get a vote.
....Says the abortion-loving liberals
TrumpWinsForUs - Why on earth do you think it’s okay to say that to a Parkland student? When was the last time you were in an assault weapon massacre. I’m embarassed by the behavior of my generation. I’m sorry, kids. We’re not all like this “person.”
That would be the left who use you to garner more power over the American people which equals more money in their pockets. Planned parenthood gives out way more cash to congressman than the @NRA  Bing not Google is your friend.
Please tell me @HillaryClinton you didn't just retweet this. Youz so funnie!!! I love the part about valuing dollars over lives! Someday you'll have to answer to God for all you have done! I wish you good luck with that.
Hillary values dollars and power over you.  Lol.  Wake up!!  Its not just Conservatives, its the liberals too...its time destroy both parties.
Vote republican because Democrats are above the law and republicans have to follow the law !
Democrats have marched against police, Christianity, two-parent families, being successful, everything America stands for. When America goes Democrat, we double our national debt and quadruple racism. If you are a Democrat, you need to find God and Common Sense
I agree! We must all vote Republican and get rid of these greedy Democrats who like Hillary, sell our uranium to Russia and Nancy Pelosi who has a net worth of 100 million. Share the wealth just not theirs!
NO!!!!
Great if you want to vote and save lives we all do but please be careful to whom you listen, there are lots of bad people out there who will try to con you...

Well, the wrong person retweeted this. $is all that matters to her. But let's see, your generation can't decide what gender you are and eats Tide Pods. Yeah, you can vote.
You mean liberty over rash reactions.
Your misinformed. More research needed!
If 18 is too young and immature to own guns 18 is too young and too immature to vote or give political advice.
I love you
Problem is, this generation is indoctrinated.  You are like bots at this point.  Since the schools don't teach civics and history like they use.  You do not have the full understanding of all the issues.  

So yes, we will vote, but not what you want me to vote, guaranteed.
Also remember if you aren't a legal citizen, you can't vote.
Funny that you of all people should say that. Cutting a check to Haiti are you?
Worry about getting a job and paying taxes and your debt to society.


That would be your local @browardsheriff. Your local DHS and School Superintendent who failed you....
Along with those who ignored the warnings,signs and reports.
No laws will stop a killer nor will hiding from the truth.
Kids killing their peers and parents.
Then why the Hell did you vote for s woman who sold Uranium to Russia for money placing all Americans at greater risk.
Mobilizing the Hitler youth. Let's get that voting age up to 21 where it belongs...for our safety.

People like to say the NRA owns the politicians but the NRA doesnt even break the top 50 for money spent influencing politicians, know who is on the top? big pharma!!! How many overdoses killing kids and crickets!!
Literally millions of safe gun owners and these kids know better?
Exactly
Just say you're an illegal alien and the Democrats will register you to vote kids 
LEARN about all the issues. Don't  be a one issue voter. FIRST study the Constitution.
First they eat tide pods, now they want to vote. How pathetic of them...
AND,,,,they don't care about taking firearms from criminals,,,only taking them from the law abiding citizens. 
Already did that by NOT voting for the habitual liar, Uranium selling, Dossier buying, @TheDemocrats Primary rigger, 33 thousand email deleting criminal who was giving a free pass for President! We voted @realDonaldTrump @POTUS over 60% of his agenda already accomplished! #MAGA
#MAGA #ArrestHillary
So......basically, everyone that supports planned parenthood. Got it! 
Surprising that Hillary would retweet this when she takes money from Goldman Sachs to give private speeches and other big corporations.
Yup ... use your brain, think for yourselves, examine the evidence and vote out the real corruption ... vote out the DemocRats
@realDonaldTrump @tedcruz @marklevinshow @RonDeSantisFL look what they are doing? If guns sales go to 21 then so does voting!!!
And that would be Democrats/Liberals, i.e. Killary & Benghazi, Haiti, Uranium One Deal, 50+ dead bodies with connections to Clintons!!
