Just another form of bigotry. This time against males, or more specifically, “men”. And regardless of what the excuse is for focusing on the female gender, it is unacceptable. Period.
Bien hill aryaleryclinton

http://crickinfoemation.blogspot.com/2018/03/memoirs-of-international-fast-bowler.html …

I am your fan in Africa, Liberia, Monrovia city. You did not win, it was God will. You are the next president of America. Americans and the world needs you.
How many trips did you take on the #LolitaExpress to convicted pedophile #JefferyEpstiens #Pedophile island? I heard you went 6 times.  Bill went over 2 Dozen times!!! #Horrifying
Let’s not forget...
#PodestaTheMolesta
@johnpodesta is another
frequent flyer to #Epstein’s
#OrgyIsland
Don’t let that #dogface dude
fool ya! He’s a diabolical
demon!
Smh 
#SpiritCooking 
#PIZZAGATEISREAL
#CometPizza
#DupontUnderground
(no offense to #dogs)
Oh yes,  never forget #Skippy or his left behind #PizzaRelatedMap #SatanicFreak
Mrs. Clinton please run again. We need your leadership so bad.
I'm pretty sure that people cant run for President from their jail cell in Leavenworth!

#Soon
Comrade!
What did Monica raise for Bill?

You are a criminal face it
I hope you spend the rest of your life in jail
America spoke loud & clear in 2016 by electing Trump. Now we scream, #LOCKHERUP  and #MAGA.

We are looking forward to when you finally get charged with treason!
You mean Hillary?

I love Hillary Clinton and her Bill for their generety for this country and I don't care for how much they have been destroyed
يا بنت المفعوصه
Jail for you! Just a matter of time!

Let’s work together to get #DonaldTrump impeached and removed. He’s 100% unfit for office. 
This vile bigot is a prime example of self destructive hatred, and shows how females are being tricked into viewing themselves as victims in an effort to weaponize an entire gender demographic for the purpose of “torpedo justice,” where both target and weapon are annihilated.
hi
I am your fan in Africa, Liberia, Monrovia city. You did not win, it was God will. You are the next president of America. Americans and the world needs you.
you are a born winner hillary! Kick out trump .
Lower yours
Now I’m being acused of being a bot because I’m a sane person who am/was a registered republican who didn’t vote for @realDonaldTrump
Coco is Cuckoo
Your family has been abusing women for years. How’s #Monica? How’s #Paula? How’s #Gennifer?

#ClintonPrivledge
It might help if you knew how to spell privilege.
Please accept my deepest apologies. I shall make every effort to avoid future spelling mistakes. 

Was that your only objection? Are you conceding that the Clinton family abuses/ silences women?
I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.

Liberal women just love to touch the pig.

There may be bots stirring up stuff for the Democrats, but we are really people, so wake up!
Your assertions are so baseless, your delusions so staggering, it’s unfathomable that you could vote for anybody but the lying, ceaseless liar that is @realDonaldTrump.
Liberal women love the pig
Ding Dong, the witch is dead...Tick Tock.
No little kids in prison, how will you survive?
Let’s work together to get the Hillary and her gang properly indicted!
I like my Makers on the rocks.
How many voices have you silenced???  I’ll wait
I am so proud to have voted for you in the presidential  election. 
I am  Native American woman
and I feel that my people have endured an enormous amount 
of racism! I am ashamed of the
"thing" we have representing our
country, he is an embarrassment !
Open spend the rest of your life in jail
I blocked a ton of them. Wondering why @Twitter can't do the same?
Yep. I keep reporting the ones that make threats, but they need to get to the root.
Reported the last one too. They have a lot in common with roaches.
#ISupportTheFBI DO YOU???

I support the #FBI and our law enforcement in its entirety. With out law and order and those sworn to uphold justice we aren't the America you know. Join me on the #RightSideOfHistory along side #TheResistance.

#ProtectMueller
#ProtectRosenstein
The FBI might be a bit of a sore subject with HRC.
Have a seat Sassy.
Several. 
ALL OF THESE
!!!! Lol
Nope she ain't going nowhere.  The only one who is senile is trump. Now piss off....trumphumper.
And you sound pathetic....
Oh dear you seemed obsessed with loneliness, bless your heart.
Yeah I am a bot...god are people that stupid?
You’ve hurt America enough, you need to find a hole and crawl in it. You truly are crooked. I’m a woman and you embarrass me.
We're looking forward too. 
We've already heard enough of your screaming you treasonous you know what
Yes, the watershed and groundwater issue is of utmost importance.  Cesspools were banned in '73.  Where has Suffolk County been all these years ??
Looking forward to you going to prison.
U should just stay home and keep quite u have done enough damage
SEÑORA HILLARY
Y SEÑOR CLINTON
TODO MI RESPETO PARA
USTEDES 
DESDE HACE MUCHOS
AÑOS 
SEGUIRE CERCA DE
LOS DOS
You know you lost right? Maybe you need to STFU instead.
Please go away
What a hypocrit!

lol
So what were your speaker fees? Just curious!
#MAGA Open your eyes ppl. Hillary is a JOKE   
@realDonaldTrump     Ms Clinton, you will never be convicted for crimes against The United States. Isn't that good enough? While taking in hundreds of millions and conspiring to defeat the election process with Obama , the DOJ ,and FBI  , you still walk. Not to mention Seth Rich.
@ClintEastwoodLA
Who is Seth Rich – and was his death really connected to Hillary Clinton?    He was about to disclose to a corrupt FBI , everything he knew about the Clinton Crime Syndicate/ but he never made it. Where are you Clint , there's a great movie here!! https://www.google.com/amp/www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/seth-rich-who-is-he-wikileaks-murder-hillary-clinton-conspiracy-explained-a7739606.html%3famp …
Tell the Americans the truth
I'm raising my voice to find out why you're not behind bars. You are a serial criminal. Your family has disgraced our nation. Gen Petraeus was prosecuted for far less than your crimes.
Death follows these people






We’ll be raising our voices. But it won’t be to your tune.
Prediction, it will be a disaster like everything you've touched the last 25 years. Is it just me or has everyone else noticed that everything Hillary touches becomes a den of corruption and divisions in America. 
Oh no it can't possibly be Hillary's fault!
It was sad to find out Hillary who I had respected and prayed she would win when she ran against O. Something was diff. She had that toothful grin and grining when it was inappropriate or acted very angry with her fists and all. Where did the gracious ,confident etc. Hillary go?
I speaking up. Now go !!!
Can't watch, too busy Watching #Scandalous #scandalous on Fox News #FoxNews
I guess your happy to do anything out of jail.  That is where you will be heading.
Just try to be respectful and constructive when you raise your voice
Why the sudden change in policy?

Do you know how many sexual predators Hillary has surrounded herself with? Makes me wonder if she is a sexual predator.
(((o)))
)))o(((U
Not for NOTHING when your hubby was doing MONICA, THAT SHOWED YOU WERE A WEAK WOMAN ! BESIDES BENGHASI,  ETC.  PITIFUL !!! S.O.B. !!!
RAISE your voice & LIE SOME MORE !!!!! HOW DARE YOU ?  DON'T DENY WHAT YOU WERE ATTEMPTING TO DO ! TRUTH ALWAYS RISES TO THE TOP ! YOU'LL SEE, " NO MORE CONSPIRACIES FOR YOU" LOL SOMEONE IN JAIL WILL TAKE THAT SMILE OFF YOUR FACE ! KEEP UP THE POOR WORK ! BYE,  YOU  S.O.B. !
hillary coughing up that pizza you ate for lunch,I bet it was a 10 year old. and Obama Shows Off Erection on air force one to Giggling CNN and msn  Reporters in 2008?
OBAMA AND HILLARY WILL BE ARRESTED AS FBI INFORMANT SPEAKS TO CONGRESSIONAL CMTEE ABOUT URANIUM ONE                                      and we will get all republicans to do the investigation on obama and hillary comey ,holder lynch and more. hell yeah winning !!!!!!!

Bill was impeached for perjury and you should be arrested for treason, you people think because you have wealth” it’s your right to escape justice. The doors are closing!!!
سلام هلاری خوبی خانواده خوبن بچها چطور
You could always come clean about cheating and lying and killing that would be nice!
Nice one
Please do not run again.
when you go to jail, im not so sure your voice will be heard.
The for saying that I have to speak up good word love you wise you were are president  I love you bye 
Hillary,why don’t you just go away, haven’t you caused enough problems? How much money have you talked people out of? HAVE Y0U NO SHAME.
These lunatics on stage are demanding 50/50 equality.. while at the same time saying their companies are 85% female!   Does that mean they will be replacing females with males?
That "Raise Your Voice" has made women a liability.  Nobody with any sense would ever hire a woman or marry a woman without a pre-nup because of the massive liabilities invovled in doing so. They don't even need the courts anymore, they just slander and libel on the internet.
Wish you would go away.
They should call this "Screw Trials, Commit Libel & Slander To Achieve Your Goals!"
How’d you escape the Salem Witch Trials?  You should write a book on that.
Only one should raise their voice against you are the families of all the people you Let Die in Benghazi.

Douglas Campbell, the FBI informant on Uranium One, testified this week that Russia sent the Clinton Foundation three million dollars while Hillary Clinton was Sec of State working on Russian "reset."
Hillary needs to spend the rest of her life in prison.
…

Truthfully? If you raise your voice any higher, it'll shatter glass. Stop the insanity. No one's listening...
@FoxNews @CNNPolitics 
God keep sending messages to HER #stoptalking...#CaughingHiLiary
I am looking forward to the possibilities of you going to jail
Please go away
Who are the guests? Monica Paula Jennifer ? Oh they already did raise their voices, right! Your over a has been a phony!
Your a coat
Sad that you are still living free without paying the price for your high crimes.
#ClintonCrimeFamily
Woh you're still hacking up a storm. You feeling okay?
I wish you would tell your people to stop@the anger and the hate and all work together for America
For a lady I use that term as lose as possible u have one set of BAllS just showing your face please go a way and take the raping hard on with.                       I FEEI YOUR PAiN NOT
We know how: That’s why you are not in office. U couldn’t even greet your supporters after your all-too-predictable defeat. #corruption, #lying, #cheating, and using government authority for #SelfEnrichment makes one a leader? No, it makes one a criminal. #HillaryForPrison
RAISE YOUR COUGH.
You're not in prison yet?
I thought the Americans got rid of you for the last time?????
I’m raising my voice.. PLEASE GO AWAY! You allowed your husband to rape @atensnut then threatened her. You’re a disgrace to women. #RaiseYourVoice
Get all the money you can at these shows sweetheart because time is RUNNING OUT for you 
IT'S all about the MONEY NOWWWW  !!! Get out there AND MAKE THAT MONEY
Your Day Is Coming  
Boycott. When is she getting paid for her voice. She screwed every one for yrs and I can't even image what she would have done if president. She sold her soul her and hubby.


Shouldn’t you be packing your stuff and trying to get out of the country before the indictment comes?
Please run again.
Another coughing fit. Something isn't right. Not healthy.
What is that U R going 2 Say Hillary?
We like 2 Hear How U Lost 2 DJT!
He obviously had better things than U to offer 2 the Americans and hence His Victory & U R Disastrous Defeat!!
Right?
#FridayFeeling #QAnon
Go directly to jail don’t pass go
How about jailing Hillary!
sorry but youve raised your voice, loud and clear. we all heard you. save your voice for singing in the prison showers.
HillaryS Puppet Master
You forgot ur broom. My fondest wish is to see u dropped in the middle of a fundamentalist Muslim tribe in the Muddled East by urself.

YOU CAN COUNT ON ME TO DO MY PART
https://twitter.com/NHThinker1/status/962026646017531909 …
I look forward to everyday because you're not president. Thank God!
ICYMI: As part of Obama Admin outreach effort, Hillary Clinton signed special orders to allow the reentry of a radical Islamic academic named Tariq Ramadan, whose terrorist ties had banned him from the U.S. — & he…
Dear lady. You have my eternal love and support. Keep up the good work!
The only thing your going to be part of is a chain gang! #TickTock #LockHerUp
We need to set higher standards 4 all Government officials, Trump's moral character is disgusting but people knew it, people voted him 4 it, how sad is that & what does that say about us. We must vote 4 Dems who are women & good men. Get out the vote every year it's so important.
Don't include me in your we, I wish you would move to North Korea.
You sicken me to the core. You never acknowledged the multitude of women who came forward about sexual harassment from your spouse. Acknowledging them would take the voice of women far further than you could ever imagine but you fail to admit that you work to silence women.
@HilaryClinton  your voice is not what we want to hear you bat shit crazy criminal lady. Why dont you take a long walk in the woods and get lost. With all that’s being revealed about you im shocked that you are still tweeting, really thought you would be on a drunken binge by now
"You need to put some ice on that"
Make sure you read this book 
#hypocrite 
#Liar 
#LockHerUp
Tock tock !
Tick tick !!!
You be going to answer to the ppl soon ! Justice is close !
It's Friday, February 9th and I am just learning about this conference now. :(

Full Stop wants his 33,000 emails back... he's starting to worry that you'll flip on him to save yourself.
I raised my voice on Election Day. God does answer prayers 
I would rather see you shut the fuck up.
Hillary Clinton is the expert on how to #RaiseYourVoice 

#MAKERSConference2018
Shouldn't you be out smashing evidence with hammer's. How do you actually think that you can keep ideological subversion up with your supporters?

Hillary who?
https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=184309962341065&id=100022861870972 …

You deserve the truth. Here is why the FISA memo matters ↓ 

Holy Shit ! After reading all the responses below, I see why Trump won. They prove that Trump is a evil manipulator to uninformed people, They are also acting like they all read Mein Kaumpf.

Just use loud microphone
