The movie trailer looked rather violent to me... oh wait... I get it Hillary. You're just trying to be relevant!!! You can stop now because it won't work

BTW the woods are calling ~ they want you back...Quick ~ runnnnn!!
She only watched it so she wouldn't be called racists.  
Bingo! You nailed it!!!

He sacrificed his wealth?  Really? You believe that?
Will someone please prosecute the evil thing "HILLARY ROTTEN CLINTON". Send her and all those connected to the Clinton's to prison ALREADY!!
MUELLER’S SHAME:Flynn forced 2 sell his house 2 pay his legal bills-As U live off of others #CashCow
Good for him!  You do the crime, you do the time.  Go Mueller!
We all know you didn’t even watch the movie. You just put stuff like this because you want to tell your supporters what they want to hear. Just stop the charade is over you lost now move on. Go to Haiti and maybe finish those repairs you were paid for and never did.
You haven't crawled under a rock yet????
How the Liberal forgets 1996 and she calls trump racist, what a hypocrite just what we want a leader that changes her stance and lies like changing her underwear
Didn't you say in a tweet once young black men are preditures? You change your stance like underwear and some how peaple forget but not all of us
Haha awesome. Remember that time you called young black men “Super predators”?
OMG! A Hillary review which will translate to sudden death at the box office.

Hillary another one you ought to see together is "CLINTON CASH"
Yea.  It did really bad at the box office.
Did u ever find the time to see 13 Hours? Action packed and historical.
Did you ever see The Manchurian Candidate. Suspensful and oddly prescient.

I think Republicans freed the slaves and took down the fences of those plantations. I would say the living conditions of most Democrat run cities replicate the living conditions of those plantations.
I think you getting the parties mixed up cuz those were different Republicans than them bigots that's running the house now
Not at all, you are just being ignorant
You got a post that says 
Black for Trump 
and you calling me ignorant
It should say suckers for Trump
We are intrinsically aware of you and Bill’s contribution to our social and economical position as a people.
you are the always boss of the world.......... I like you so much..
Wow
you've always been one to dig that professional victim culture bs, that's for sure. no surprise you liked that garbage movie.
I don’t think Donald and Melania have ever seen a movie together so this was nice to hear.

Saw "Clinton Cash" lots of action..... of corruption and payoffsDon't miss it!

https://youtu.be/7LYRUOd_QoM 

http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/06/03/21-new-clinton-cash-revelations-that-have-imperiled-hillary-clintons-campaign/ …

Clinton foundation 
Clinton Cash was a bs book written by a hack with no proof of any allegations
Thank you for letting us know. I am waiting to see this film.
Good hilari
hello ma long time am in inform you that am getting married next month I need your help for  financial support please $5000

#ReleaseTheVideo AW laptop file titled “Life Insurance” HRC, Huma & child. Pure Evil! #Treason #HRCpedoGate
Perfect

WTF is this???
Reported for posting sensitive image and harassment
What is it though?
I don't know arabic but this seems like an ISIS threat against Russia.. Not sure why they sent it to Hillary though..maybe they see her as an ally? Reported anyways.
That comment about HRC was hardly necessary. But thank you for reporting harassment.
Wrong. Remember the Bengazi? Hillary blamed the invasion of the US embassy on an idiotic youtube video, effectively covering up for ISIS, that boomed under HRC/BHO admin. So yes, she is a tool. Also both sides see Russia as an enemy although HRC says it for propaganda only.
I'm Sorry but you are really stupid!!

HILLARY WHAT DID I SAY ABOUT TWEETING ON MY TWITTER WITHOUT MY PERMISSION? ughhh so annoying #wives #nottrue
Did u ever find the time to see @13hours ? Talk about action packed! Thanks for that, I guess.
Miss you Hillary, glad you and Bill are doing well.  Hugs to you both.
LMFAO!!!.
Did Bill butter Monica’s popcorn?
What was the message? Cartoon heroes are real? Blame whitey? America is horrible? Imagine how ignorant one has to be to get a message from Black Panther. I saw the Hulk as a child and have always wanted to be green ever since. Powerful
#LockHerUp #thegreatawakeninh thegreatawakening #hisnamewassethrich #releasethevideo #draintheswamp
My 12 year old said the villain was brilliant because he convinced people he was right when he wasn’t.
Sounds just like a Clinton
Not a peep in 3 days? Wonder what you heard?
Black supremacy is good thing, sounds racially devisiive.
#HRCVideo soon in #Gitmo
My daughter said it is brutal, racist, and divisive, and told her siblings it's a waste of money to see it @ a movie theater. What are you promoting?

How did you accumulate so much money as a politician for the American people? Go away you criminal. Stop trying to exploit minorities
Did you take Bills black son Danney to see it too?
Omg 
We have been meaning to see this. Your tweet means we HAVE to see it now!

Soon very soon
@BillClinton or @HumaAbedin? I’m betting you prefer Huma!
idiot
And he brought Monica with him.
I bet you did!  #WitchHunt
Must not of really been watching the PRO TRUMP box office award winner of the year BLACK PANTHER because art imitates life and life imitates TV...as to what is really going on in the world...wake up people!!! #MAGA
She is enjoying her life, that's obvious. Jealous?


Yeah right!! Gimme a break criminal/murderer!!
Get any ideas from it?
Wow Obama just said "we need new car smell" to run next election, guess it's out with the old and nasty.
اريد السفر لامريكا
Just sat down in the theater to watch it myself!
were you the third wheel did Bill have his intern girlfriend with him
Hey Hillary, don't forget to see "Let there be light" excellent message for you and Bill!!!
Black's are tired
Glad you liked it, as it proved a country that has a barrier, isolationist policies, & ample resources becomes a stronger world power. #MAGA
Ironic since the message of the movie is populist, anti illegal and anti refugee unlike anything you stand for Hillary. You missed in the attempt at virtue signaling @BlacksForDTrump
Where u been at lol... I've seen it 3 times already 
Eggggactly lol
Racist
Was Monica Lewinski with ya’ll?. Or how many little girls did ya’ll take? SMH, you should both be ashamed of yourselves. Disgusting!!!
Your an amazing women, thank you!
Ah I see you’ve hit the stage where you update your status the same way every octogenarian does. I expect your next update to tell me that you’ve burned a casserole, got lost in the woods again, found Bill with the maid, lost some emails, etc.
how to Rise stell mills in America and ALuminum indutries  both deadindustries
So many great messages that seem to be missing our world leaders.
You good damned devil
Missed it
No one cares
I'm sure they go to see all the superhero movies
It’s so nice to read your tweets since I’ve blocked all of the Deplorables.
Thanks for the movie review, gotta see it!
Your grip on our consciousness is over!  WE are humanity and WE are ONE!  Your plans to divide us and kill 5.5 billion people have been thwarted!  YOU will face the LIGHT!  Your evil will be made known to all!  The video of your depravity will be released!  #GREATAWAKENING
Traffic any children out of Haiti lately? https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/3672 …
Imagine needing to specify that saw you a movie with your husband in order to attempt to fool the public that your relationship isn't strained
Absolutely agree!!
#ClintonCrimeFamily
Let's watch YOUR movie!!
RE: Q:  Is the stage set for a drop of HRC +++ + +++++(raw vid 5:5). EX-rvid5774.
We have it all. 
Your evil deeds are about to go global! You can't run and you can't hide..the whole world will want you caught!
YEAH RIGHT AS IF YOU CARE ABOUT BLACKS OR BILL EATHER
Did you bring your hot sauce?
Well, I thought it had a great message too. A nation protecting it’s best interests and people was beneficial to their survival. What do you think?
Yes that’s what I said. I’m glad she agrees with that message.     #irony
That's beautiful
She doesn't support the WV teacher's strike, but she can go see a movie with a black guy in it. How enlightened.
No hot sauce, no peace. #HillaryClinton #HillaryForPrison
No they're no racism in America : BULL SHIT . Say it twice maybe they will believe it .
Hope you brought your hot sauce to flavor the popcorn (and if Bill asks you if you've ever heard of the popcorn trick, don't let him hold the bucket)
Did you take your Hot Sauce in with you?
Wishing you well, Hillary & Bill....Sure am wishing YOU were our President!  Trumps leading our country into a real mess...
What, was Haiti just the dry run for your pillaging of Wakanda?

But did you notice Wakanda's immigration policy?
What a time to be alive!!! 
Why have I been laughing at this for 2 minutes 
FAKE ASS WORDS
At the same theatre or you talked about it after seeing separately?   Who would ever sit next to that man?  Eww
I am sure you did !
What about Barry Goldwater ?
Shame shame.
Will you make me have a fatal accident also?
Oh? What was the message?
Quit pandering you witch.
PEOPLE NEED TO WAKE UP. THIS IS WHAT PEOPLE LIKE HILLARY CLINTON ARE  INVOLVED IN
Just imagine the levels of sex slavery that the wealthy create.   Just imagine the appetite that someone with unlimited resources has acquired. Now imagine what they do to helpless boys and girls that end up in their…
I don't think you understood it. If you did, you wouldn't have liked it.
Great!
Wouldn't it be Poetry if your Criminal Empire is Brought Down by "The Cloud". Smashing Devices Didn't work. wait 
Wooow,that's great

Gaah you're such a phony 
I think #Wakanda doesn't need your help, thanks.
She waited the mandatory several weeks to see it, and also had to say she saw it. Double pandering.
She's gonna try to run again, oh god 
Agreeee!  Loved it. Saw it twice and will likely watch it s bacillionmore toned when it gets released on demand, HBO, etc
You forgot career criminal.....in your bio 
Screw the black panther, look at that ass over there!
@HillaryClinton care to elaborate?!? ....Q @POTUS
You had to tweet about it because why?
Because we are a pandering twit... and I highly doubt we saw the movie to begin with.  This goes along with "sniper fire" BS.
Did your husband bang any film interns while you were wondering if the movie was really about you?
Only reason you two are married is to avoid testifying against each other  your not foolin no one madame kankles
Weren't you scared of all those super predators?
On point.
Looks like one your resisters got another policeman killed Tuesday March 6 2018
LOL so cutting edge...you’re only about 4 weeks behind...

Loved Black Panther! The women in it are amazing !
Hillary Clinton is s very bad man.
#StopAfrinGenocide
saw it opening nite!  now back to dreaming of an #AgentCarter Season 3......
Please stop communicating.
Meanwhile #USA is forced to watch #OrangePanther for three more years
Please feel free to leave the Country
I second that because his life isn’t going to get any better Trump 2020!!!
Nice to hear you are having a life. I know you are laughing your buns off at Donald Trump make a complete ass of himself.  Keep laughing and keep waiting, their are lots of laughs to come.
Hlw
Awesome!!!  wish they didnt do a boku haram scene with some positive Muslim vibes thrown in though... typical hollywood - but GREAT movie!!!
Still pandering to the black base I see!
Thats how it is thanks for watch it
Ok
if Wakanda were real, and Killmonger actually took over, you'd...still be ok because of Bill's illegitimate black daughter. Congrats. #intersectionality? #confused
No white people in Wakanda. What message did you come away with? That it's OK if blacks want segregation?
I, too, have seen the motion picture our country's young are so excited about. My brain's pleasure center was stimulated by the loud rhythmic sounds, fast flickering images, and parts involving talking. My hypothalamus was quite busy creating dopamine for the entire runtime.
Can you virtue signal any harder?
Worst movie I’ve ever seen
Love you Hillary!!!!!
I actually saw the real Black Panthers while protesting with my mom in the sixties, I think I was 9, she was a real activist!
#omg
You should really watch Clinton Cash. What a good documentary.
Here's another must see:
EX-rvid5774
It's only @atiku in Nigeria that first watch it, his children and some of their lucky friends... What a gap! As I can't even afford the YouTube data to stream on it.

why aren't you in jail yet??...uh oh... i guess i'm on your hit list now....... I WILL NEVER COMMITT SUICIDE
Was going to watch it, but now I'll pass. Nothing you endorse can be good.
Sure!!!!
Looks like many people are clamoring to see your movie!  5:5 EX-rvid5774 !
First thing she's said that I agree with lol
I wish I could have seen the confused look on Hillary's face when she realized his wasn't the sequel to the Predator movie. I see all the Super Predators... where is Arnold?
To much gun violence though!
Girlfriend you would have destabilized Wakanda so the Military can come in and steal all the Vibranium.
Pandering again?  You should accept the fact that you'll never be president.
Saw the movie too and loved it.
THATS coming from someone raping Haití and did everything to killed Gadafi.... Hipócrate!
It’s like he’s a “Super Predator” hildawg!

#BlackPanther #McResistance #SethRich #UnsolvedUSA
Nothing but respect for my President
I'm sure HE'D appreciate that!

Just threw up in my mouth.
Yes, it was. I hoped you stayed through the credits because there were two more short clips after the credits!
my best regards
Go away, you failure.
You are the real president. @realDonaldTrump can join the "Fake President Society"
I’d have thought all the “super predators” in it would’ve scared you off.
you lost.
We are looking forward to your film appearance as well.Its almost over Hillary.
#LockHerUp #ReleaseTheVideo
I loved  when u  ran  a genest  Trump u shoed hem that  women can  do. It better then  men
Tick Tock
You mean a movie with "super predators"?
What’s the message?
Wigga please
Hey Hillary, Have you seen 13 Hours? 

Beautiful film, lots of action, and a great message. Don't miss it!

And yes please take Bill with you!
BEST TWEET!! 
Not quite because it’s been out on video for quite some time.
That makes no sense whatsoever.
You can’t take someone out to see a movie that’s on home media.
Who mentioned movie theatre??
You did, when you said she should take Bill with her. That implies going to a theater.
“I” did not write it... and you are not allow to imply what others think or say... that is the problem. PS... it does still play in theaters and events.
#BlackPanther #WakandaForever
Will do


Now the wacko is a movie critic!!!
Get lost !!!
Great movie!
Weiner's "Life Insurance" File is paying out!

#HRCVideorelease 
#SHESDONE 
#LockThemAllUp 
#LockHerUp
Can't wait for your orange is the new black prison movie. #Releasethevideo.           #Ticktock.                    #Qanon.                         #Weknow.                      #Huma.                          #TheStormIsHere.         #AnkleBracelet
