Why does Rudy keep lying? Even after photos plainly prove he is. We emerged from 9/11 because the country came together to reject evil. Lying about that day 16 years later flies in the face of what makes us fundamentally great as a nation.

…
I can’t remember, was that Before or after you came under sniper fire in Bosnia?
Yes yes.... tell it like it us! They were stepping off the plain and had to run because of gun fire. Bahahaha.
Hillary is incapable of telling the truth.
Are you really talking about someone not telling the truth, don’t even go there!!!!!
I remember & am still with her. Secy.Clinton was absolutely correct. His comments on TV regarding having “Something up our sleeve”was pretty telling. Giuliani is guilty of behind the scenes conspiring against her. Where’s he been? NOW he resurfaces to try to manipulate FBI Again?
Incidentally
First responders are so important, we should help them
Well we don’t. We fight to take away their medicaL benifits
Guiluani was the best thing to happen to my beloved city! You...Not so much! @jeffsessions @FBI @TheJusticeDept WHEN will this woman be held accountable for her CRIMES??? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump WHEN?? We're OVER this now! Our justice system is reprehensible! #LockThemAllUp
Rudy lies because he’s a friend/fan/ afraid of the orange! He drink the juice & now can’tspesk the truth. He’s speaking for only the who thinks only the can make America Great. Wrong Wrong Wrong Rudy, the will spill you if he wants too...
Oh my God I love it he drinks the juice!
Youre the LIAR!!! #LockHerUp
You are the liar ... running under fire... remember
Keep speaking truth...i can’t say to power, because these people have none.  Just dog and pony. Your integrity is the power we need to wake up from this nightmare.
Yawn
BILL COSBY TO JAIL FOR RAPE!  HIS BUDDIE BILL CLINTON IS NEXT!
That is where they both belong!
Don't EVEN act like you give a crap about our first responders. You proved that  on your campaign  trail and  you still are not behind our law law enforcement or fire. Keep up the b.s.
I must admit madam, when you first came to NY I thought you an interloper. Now I know that true NYers aren’t always born in NY. Thanks much.
Hillary is the one lying knowing damn well 9/11 was a false flag the government set up!
Right the crimes your entangled in you help be there the sickest of em alk
Trump told Para-olympians that he watched them  but it’s a little tough to watch too much. ( nice grammar moron)
  This guy is usually protected from the mentally and physically handicapped or anything uncomfortable. 
What a disgusting example he is of the worst Americans can be.
I remember how you fought for NYers!
How?
When the EPA was charged with deep-sixing safety warnings about the air quality. Clinton said. "They knew and they didn’t tell us the truth and the White House told them not to tell us the truth!”
You think she didn't know about the air? How many times was she there and for how long?
It was gormer GOP governor Chrisyie Todd Whitman who led the EPA who declared the air safe. Clinton was rightfully furious when she found out the EPA had lied.

https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/sep/10/epa-head-wrong-911-air-safe-new-york-christine-todd-whitman&ved=2ahUKEwjR5fjq497aAhWhrFkKHdEXDk0QFjABegQIBRAB&usg=AOvVaw2EYq2QAbmkDprxLyLZhSHG&ampcf=1 …
You were a great senator, Secretary of State, First Lady and before all of that you were a great person.  You always handle the “slings and arrows of outrageous fortune” with grace, dignity, and love.  You are an inspiration!  I try to always remember the score. 
How’s that working for you? You are looking at the wrong scoreboard!
Well, he’s president, but only through accident of geography and manipulation.  His fraud commission found nothing and was disbanded and he remain unpopular.  His agenda is increasingly seen as unhelpful and he is increasingly seen as a dishonest coward. 
Well, that last part of your statement I agree with completely!
How about answering the question??
Bless you
He landed under sniper fire.
Because he has an illness called trumpitis
The only reason you were NY senator is because u had JFK Jr killed.
2 HILLARY C / i think that JAPAN USA relations to solve security issues in both nations doubted & take some science from Hinduism & democrats ( BILL + HILL ) along with Japanese & SHINZO ABE & you know solving WAR sort & trump college boy some times maybe / um* AUD . AUS .
They always act hollier than thou these misserable DemoRats. They lie!
You are an amazing woman, much respect to you. I was a kid in the p.g.c. school system. Just down Penn.Ave.,You drove down my street a million times on your way to A.A.F.B. when you were first lady. 
You've had a loyal fan and supporter ever since. We have not forgotten!

NOTHING BUT A HUGE ASS LAIR GITMO TREASON IS DEATH U DESERVE ITU ARENT NOTHING BUT EVIL
I’m a New Yorker and @HillaryClinton did absolutely ZERO for NY! Who is she kidding?
Where were you during 911, in buffalo?
I literally work in the city and lived in Bk! Btw I was working in the ER and had to stay overnight to take care of survivors so I may know a bit about who did what!
Apparently not.  Do some research, if you are interested in truth. If you just need to hate carry on
What actually did @HillaryClinton do during 911? She wasn’t even in NY during the attacks! Maybe you need to do a little more research!
Odd. How do you explain away the fact that there's a picture with Hillary Clinton standing directly behind Gulliani after the 911 attacks? Photoshop? Lmao
She was in Washington on 911, arrived the next day even though she said she was there on 911! She rallied ONE DAY about the air quality for her photo op then gone!
Were you under sniper fire? 
You were not in NYC on 9/11/01 Hillary! Nice try tho#maga #lockherup
Are you stupid, there is photographic and video evidence she was there and helping after 911. immediately after.


I am still with you,and should you decide to run again i and i have no doubt that 65million people will vote for you because we know the truth about you and your service to US
I would love to see her run again  but I don’t think she want to embarrass herself again. What a sore loser.
But you didn’t show up for the troops in Benghazi?
I’ve used my own brain and have military family. Watch the movie, your lady lies. Also, get over it. She lost
Thank you for speaking up yet again. "Rest if you must, but don't you quit."

#Resist
I'm not an hardcore fan, more of a Bernie person, but that's amazing artwork. Can you tell me whom from, please?
It is wonderful isn't it? Sorry, no I don't know but it is my all time favorite to date.
http://dailypocket.online/?invite=72676 
keep your spam to yourself
Rudy=American traitor. Also liar, and not very good at it
You mean the huge false flag that killed our own people. Truth will bring you down.
You were there for a photo op
Love ya we need a real leader not some racist HONKY
hello. u r the best
This is the most flattering picture that I have ever seen of you.
You have endangered the lives of ordinary Americans by importing muslims(and thus jehadis) to USA just for extra votes.Please don’t make tall claims about keeping us safe.
Sleezey Shillary.
But you didn’t though
Thank God,
Hillary isn’t our president.
What about all the lies you and your husband tell! Worry about your own self!
She apparently forgot she didn't get shot at in Bosnia also.
@HillaryClinton, do you also remember the time as Secretary of State that you kept Americans safe in Libya? If you have such a great memory you would remember that you did not send 33000 emails about @ChelseaClinton wedding plans.
Who cares?  Grow up...move on.
Who cares? Move on? Are you serious? Move on from losing Americans in Libya but never forget other attacks? Get a grip!!! Or I suppose “what difference does it make”
It was like landing in a war zone. Bullets flying over your head. Funny how memories work ain't it?
Do you have to take drugs to say stuff this stupid? While Clinton was propably trying to swin a deal to keep certain Arbs out of the news, Rudy actually worked to bring the country together. 
If that day had any victory to it, it was the efforts of Rudy & G. Bush to settle things
What happened to him?  Once a respected NYC mayor.  Now a truml go-fer with a grumpy senile old man attitude.
Shut up
You mean being there for a photo shoot.
I've heard you were a do nothing Senator and NY lost a about 200K jobs on your watch.....
don't bother you're not going to get reelected to that office or any other one. People in New York are not that stupid
whoever helped you steal and cheat you always remember, yes we know.
https://www.facebook.com/UncleSamsChildren/videos/657572057772130/ …
@BarackObama @MichelleObama @ObamaWhiteHouse @HillaryClinton @JohnKerry @JohnBrennan @AGLynch You are ALL the worst of the worst. America couldn’t have been more deceived by your horrible lies and deception. Thank God none of you are in any position to steer this country
You should wear a mask more often Hillary. Your face looks better that way 
Um...it's funny but if President Clinton....your hubby had actually stood a taught watch....Maybe 9/11 may never have happened.....Remember the USS Cole.....
It was fake.
you don't keep anything safe, not even yourself, Killary
Can hillory clint0n EVER tell the truth???

Thank you Hillary for your years of service and for always keeping American citizens as your primary focus!
What did he supposedly lie about?
Because he is using trump's ignorant base to distract and create a target other than trump.  i
I’m surprised she wasn’t ducking for cover ....
What about when you was Head of State and lied about Benghazi!!! I’ll bet you never forgot that too huh!!!
Oh he remembers. He STOOD UP for America. U however, sold out long ago!
Pictures prove Giuliani lies.  Now, as 45’s lawyer, he will lie for Trump.
Go back behind a rock
That's about the only thing you haven't forgot--oh but this was not before a committee--shame!!!
We love you, Hillary. You won.
Why do you love a corrupt war criminal?
What did you do to keep NY safe?? Raise taxes?? higher crime?? Lower moral?? Reed<><
Rudy remembers you well. You will likely wish he didn’t.
You are the worst person in the world you sorry excuse for a human piece of garbage
Everybody knows you just showed up for the picture, while Rudy was working day in a day out for the city. STFU
Rudy who didnt communicate with fire fighters the morning of 911?
No one communicated with anyone. All systems down. Building 7 on fire held the office for response to emergency and terrorism.
But you spew hate and separation...interesting. 
Lying? Funny you don’t mention “the queen of lies”. Just sayin.

BREAKING: Russian government informant working for the team hired by the Clintons, to attack Trump, is a Russian informant. More hard evidence that TEAM CLINTON colluded with the Russians. https://twitter.com/drudge_report/status/989882645541601280 …

#HisNameWasSethRich 
#Benghazi 
#FusionGPS 
Have you read #PutSomeIceOnThat
Rudy doesn't have to lie! The truth is enuf to expose the enemy! R<>>
That’s so true Ms Clinton
Right.  Also remember him & that christi whitman telling folks it was “safe to go on the pile”; neither was qualified to assess&need t/b prosecuted as far as I’m concerned.  They didn’t “..pile” with them, did they. Maybe he’ll put 45 on Mueller’s “..pile” & we’ll be free of him.
#HillaryForPrison #LockHerUp #MAGA
If that's true where the hell were you? You lie simply because you have nothing else to say!
Love u hill! From the first time I heard u speak when I was little, I knew u were someone to look up to. Fuck Rudy, he is just mad that he isn’t as amazing, smart, and talented as u are! He is a sneak and loves a pat on the back for others work!


You’ve helped no one but yourself.
You’ve proven time and time again, you don’t remember shit!
He’ll fit right in with the administration ,they’re so old and out of touch it’s like they don’t know what these new “music boxes” that can record our voices nevermind the concept of video....
I'm glad to see the tide is turning No One Believes Democrats anymore you proved to be corrupt Liars

So pissed off because of the dirty LIES she's been telling for so long but also VERY HAPPY  that the truth is finally prevailing! THANK YOU JUDICIAL WATCH @TomFitton !! Great work! https://twitter.com/JudicialWatch/status/989147891569758210 …
If he were lying his last name would be Clinton.
Ask the first responders who was there for them and the city.. they’ll tell you who..


BILL SHIT
You and your corrupt Democrat party are a joke!
So sick of the out right lying of Trump,  can't you sue him for defamation? I would sue so they can't even say your name again.
Who is Q?
#IAMQ
#FollowTheWhiteRabbit 
#QAnon
The Police had on body camera's...
#QAnon 
#Panda
Makin 'Merica Great without ya. DonaldTrump 2020
Rudy would risk everything if it meant one more chance to attack like a rabbid dog. Hillary, you are an Anerican hero for standing up to this awful man. #HillaryIsAHero
Found something for you. Maybe you need to order a dozen, like Now
'Cry Closet' for stressed students gets decried, college says it's 'work of art' http://www.kansascity.com/news/nation-world/article209870044.html#storylink=twt_staff …
What's it like, Gretchen, to be such a miserable excuse for a human being?
Remember that time..... good times aye.....
Hey, remember that time...... ya.... Where are the children
Remember that time....... Where are the children
As a born and bred New Yorker, remember well what Rudy did to keep New York safe. I don't remember what you did for New York post-911 or otherwise.
Remember when you told everyone your daughter was running through the city and stopped in a coffee shop only to see a plane hit a tower and the collapse begin? Remember how your daughter said she was actually at a friends house and watched it on the news? Lies Lies Hillary......
Just like she landed under attack in the middle East and was actually showered with flowers from a little girl.
Are you still mad about losing to OUR PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump ?

X50
You must have forgotten about all your lies, here's just a few to freshen your memory - Bengazi, classified Emails on your private server
Oh @RudyGiuliani remembers well that #HRC did nothing but bloviate & posture over that crime of the century, and speaking of "years after" that later lied to try to cover for her Moslem terrorist friends after abandoning brave Americans to their deaths at their hands in Benghazi
Repent, confess to the sin of murdering Seth Rich and all the others, stop your demonic spirit cooking orgies, denounce abortion as birth control, give all your ill gotten money to the poor.
Rudy scares you doesn't he Hillary ? He should !
It's his crooked, brown teeth.  Imagine that breath.  Ugh.
I remember and thank you.
I just threw up in my mouth.
You never did anything that you couldn't either profit financially or politically from, or get access to some child to abuse.
1492. I'll always remember.
Go Away.
Me too!
Oh you didn’t bleach bit that
thank you so much
Remember? Didn’t you forget you “Weren’t “ attacked in Bosnia? Ugh I can’t with this woman!! #maga
HRC tweets hit piece on Rudy cause he has the ability to get her illegal emails from Huma's pervert husband's laptop that the NYPD and NY FBI office possess. She never talks about him, he's a threat now, that's it.  Why don't you come out as gay with Huma and really support LGBTs




very true!
Funny how you have a memory when it’s convenient for you ...
your going to jail bitch
How tell me how she’s going to jail. She not the one under investigation for colluding with a foreign enemy of the state . I believe trump is the one under investigation
He remembers , he is a lying snake like trump
Hillary, on that morning as I stood in disbelief in the W Village I remembered hearing your voice first. You were the first elected official to make a public announcement. Your leadership and concern were what we needed. You knew what to say and how to say it.
Lying is easy for her
And you wonder what happened...Ha just read these comments they give you a idea of what happened....
You mam should be ASHAMED of yourself!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We all have our legacies to posterity.  There is a lot of blood, sweat, and tears in  what what you do, and it does not translate always into a legacy that anyone can wrap their head around.  I’m sorry that our country continues to be divided because of small minded people.
Which includes you if you remotely think that @HillaryClinton is ANYTHING but a piece of dog shit on the bottom of a homeless person's shoe  #HillaryForPrison
Rudy had inside FBI agent who brought emails up to Comey knowing they were duplicates which forced Comey to disclose before election. Rudy knew this days before Comey and on FOXNEWS teased the release. Comey testified they he had told no one yet RUDY knew. Bogus fake emails
But you hate first responders because they don't support you for treating them like dirt...
What? I was there. You weren’t. Rudy attended every funeral I did. I endured seven! I didn’t see you @HillaryClinton

@POTUS @USAGSessions Is there any equal Justice in America?  Real question as we watch day after day, Hillary, Comey, Lynch, Obama, Holder, McCabe, etc.  enjoy their freedom and not being held accountable for their crimes.
Do you have health insurance? I'm guessing not. Do you sit in your basement muttering about lib crimes and fantasizing that you're a revolutionary? Seems probable.

But really, you're just a disenfranchised person with a bunch of issues. Must be hard.
HI MADAM?
While you keep writing books & whining 'why I lost,' 'who wasn't ready for you,' etc. Can't you just get over it? The country has moved on while you are stuck. .@RealJamesWoods @foxandfriends @IngrahamAngle
She lost because she was a horrible first lady. The nation hated her then, they hated her more when she ran the first time in 2008. We hated her as Secretary of state and now this run for President tipped everyone over the edge on hating this witch.
Disgusting liars...the entire Republican party.
Was that before or after landing in a hail of bullets?
Rudy keeps lying because he is a LIAR!
Rudy has gone off the deep end. The old white man needs to be in a "home" for the mentally unstable.
You did sh*t but steal and lie. God is coming for you and Soros. Get ready. @RealJamesWoods @realDennisLynch

We remember. He’s a well known liar and is simply adding to what history will say about him. Girls in the future will be inspired reading your history. Thank you.
This comment is riddled with irony
Dear #CrookedHillary no one likes you, you don’t even like yourself.
You remember Harvey Weinstein, too, don't you?  I remember you feigning ignorance about his disgusting reputation for sexually assaulting women, yet you wanted to cancel on Ronan Farrow.  
#ThingsThatMakeYouGoHmmm 

Do you also remember Benghazi?
Yeah, sooo much respect from the #ClintonCircle of reprobates.
Hillary calling Rudy a liar! Rich!


Trump better

On this morning, 40 years ago, my life changed forever. On 4-25-78, I was brutally raped by Ark AG, Bill Clinton. I have spent the majority of my life trying to forget..... and watching the Evil thrive.   A timeline of that day follows.......:

Not sure if you have heard but @KanyeWest just professed his love for you.
