The President is “ looking” at all the ways we can stop this from happening again? You mean HOPING it will happen again. He’s hoping he can steal another election.

Use spellcheck - Gaddafi. While you are at it, check your resources when researching/just helpful info from a Paralegal
Thank you grammar Nazi but he is   still right she is ridiculously out of touch !
Thank you, now I have a title - that'll look good next to my Diplomas. Although it should be for spelling, not grammar. But one still needs to use certifiable resources when conducting research.
Well at least you have your diplomas ! Just not your president 
Who said anything about a president?
SAY THEIR NAMES!!!!
AMBASSADOR CHRIS STEVENS
SEAN SMITH
TYRONE WOODS
GLEN DOHERTY
We remeber them. Do you? 
#WeThePeople 
#MAGA
*remember
We will never forget, and we will never let you forget.
Hillarybot says: Lost election. Must start World War III.
We all know why Trump won’t go against the Russians. He’s been blackmailed!!!!!

Trump already surrendered to Putin long ago.  Looks like you were correct about him being a puppet.  The GOP seems to be filled with mindless drones. 

#VoteThemOut,  every 1 of them.
We didn't fall for your fear tactics against President Obama in 2008, or against Bernie Sanders in 2016, and we're not going to be played by you or your pundits now either.
The sad irony is what the @GOP would have done to you if the roles had been reversed. I’ve never been so appalled and disgusted with the R’s....and after Bush/Cheney, that is truly saying something. 
#StillWithYOU!!
Amen.  Every time I think about Cheney, Halliburton & Iraq it makes my blood boil. And do not mention the lost emails, there was not a whisper, no shouts for investigations or investigations of the investigation.  Also, I guess they got bored with the pregnant chads as an excuse.
And they refuse to discuss the connections of the Carlyle Group, the Bushes and the Bin Laden family.
The only plane that flew out of Las Vegas on 9/12/01, was a plane carrying members of Bin Laden’s family back to Saudi. All the rest were grounded. 
#ThingsThatMakeYouGoHmmm
*cough*
Yes and Hillary was in on it. Take that to the bank! We have democrats and rhinos who were in on 911.  All to bring in the new world order a one world government. Globalist!
Conspiracy theorist! 
Do not confuse me with your mother.  I do not have children or so-called adults who need psychiatric treatment.
This might help ...
You paid trolls over $1M to attack @BernieSanders via Facebook, you have no right to put forth any input on cyber decision making
Hillary keeps pretending she wasn’t friends with the Russians
You mean the Russians that gave Christopher Steele phony information on Trump. Information that you bought and paid for. The only Russian collusion confirmed in the 2016 election was perpetrated by you and your corrupt campaign.

Wasn’t it your former boss who said the Russians weren’t a problem and the 80’s called wanting their foreign policy back? Wasn’t it you that signed off a deal giving them uranium? Wasn’t it you...
He's owned by Russia. Anything to anger them and he'll either be wearing cement boots at the bottom of the Potomac or they will have @wikileaks start to uncover his family's corruption (like we don't already know!) one document at a time. #makethepopcorn
Lol - you kept an unsecured server in your bathroom.
Why does Trump have to tell the intelligence agencies to do their jobs?Why didn't the FBI do their jobs?Why haven't the states and the armed services reported criminals to the FBI database as req.? Answer to all is GOVERNMENT doesn't work. They get a gov job and sit on their ass.

The best way for Trump to protect America is to lock you up, together with your lying deep state buddies, your banker friends who laundered your fake charity money and the Media, Hollywood and Tech moguls who went all-in on your criminal corruption bullshit. Glad we stopped you. …
Like you said, he is Putin’s puppet.
He does but he hasn’t let the cat out of the bag YET.

Don’t know what trump is up to today. Maybe selling secrets to the Saudis or his best people getting indicted. Trumps cabinet spending taxpayers money like water. I do know one thing he does everyday LIE. #TrumpCrimeFamily
Thank GOD you no longer hold office. You are a fraud and a complete waste of time. Go away.
He won’t act. He’s hiding something, and he’s a crybaby coward anyway. So many of us fear for our country with him as fake President in chief.
He won’t help because he wants Russia’s help.
If it wasn’t collusion then, he’s colluding now!
LMAO The lunatic is back
Thank God you lost.
Thats not a possibility. you know this. He’s compromised. He conspired against the US.
@POTUS
You nailed it during campaign..he IS NOT qualified or dignified enough to do the job!! God Help Us!!
God did help us. Hillary rotten klinton lost and a man who truely loves our America won.
So sad that all your guy has done is create an us against them world. We are AMERICANS. I gave 25 yrs of my life to MY Country many of those being shot at! The reality is you will see what sacrifice means by the time he's done playing conspiracy games.
The Russians have lost most of their access to our elections and our uranium now that you are out of power.
And yet you approved selling 20% of US uranium to said country. Makes sense 
You’re as relevant to the conversation as a wet shoe
I believe what I heard early on that it was CIA cyber cronies deliberately made it look like Russian when it was CIA along. Why? We will find out.
You know what, Hillary? You committed more crimes than the goddamned Russian you've overblown since October of 2016.Can't accept blame for losing to trump? Fine. Leave the lives of the world out of it. This isn't a game anymore, you're talking about a new Cold War. No.  FUCK no.
Omg be quiet Hilary and go away!!!! Maybe they want more Uranium- did they call you??
I think the best way to get him to act is for you to claim he won't act. Smart thinking!
You warned us all. Half of the country didn't take your advice. Unfortunate indeed.
They were still angry that a black man had been president. They sure as hell weren't going to let a woman get in there. That's their mentality. I talk to them everyday
You do realize that HRC ran a despicably racist campaign against obama, including repeatedly musing about how Kennedy was assassinated?
Proof?

FBI Investigating Millions Of "Mishandled" Dollars Funneled From Australian Govt To Clinton Foundation.

They're coming because you sent them...
Rogers needs to step up and do what needs to be done. Right now, sitting there, saying he wasn't asked, he looks like a real wuss.
No. He looked like someone following the chain of command.
Just following orders--or lack thereof.
I'm sure he is doing what he can. But there are powers in our democracy left to the president.
At some point, if Repub majority refuses to force the issue with Trump, a hero must step forward to SAVE our democracy from a president who is looking more and more like a Russian asset. Trump and the Repubs actually seem to be depending on Russia to prevent a 2018 blue wave!!!!
Just show proof, anything..
Trump surrendered Jan. 20th, 2017.
You were right, Trump IS Putin's puppet!
 
This will all change on Nov 6th,
Nobody cares about what you have to say
I sure as hell care. Nice to hear from a real leader for once.
Like I said, nobody cares lol
Former presidential candidate who managed to lose to the least popular candidate in US history, totally unironically: "the Russians are still coming"
I say this as a former Secretary of State and as an American: the Russians are still coming. Our intelligence professionals are imploring Trump to act. Will he continue to ignore & surrender, or protect our country?
https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/cyber-chief-says-trump-has-given-him-no-new-authority-to-strike-at-russian-interference-threat/2018/02/27/41185978-1c24-11e8-ae5a-16e60e4605f3_story.html …
The trail of Clinton Dead...
It is more than "ignore and surrender."  It is deliberate.  Putin has something on him.
We must enforce Russian Sanctions!
It’s dereliction of duty! GOP should have started the impeachment process a year ago. Hell, before he got to sit behind the resolute desk! He’s not worthy of that history. But, he will make history for future generations to come as an example of the worst president and man.
You must be referring to Obama’s, I agree
Hmmm how many scandals/arrests/guilty pleas/staff turnover in Obama’s first year? Second year? 8 years???
Uranium 1? Just another Obama’s scandal
Scandal? Anyone arrested? Indicted? Any Laws broken?  Any wrongdoing confirmed by anyone other than Alex “Pizza Gate” Jones?
I know YOU think this is s scandal. But the Nuclear Regulatory Commission - not Obama or Hillary-had 2 approve the transfer of the licenses from Uranium One to the Russian company. The NRC explained at the time, “no uranium produced at either facility may be exported.” Just facts
Sure and the millions sent to Hillary and bill were because “ we like them”


He knows what he is doing he is there by the grace of God get used to it. Just like JFK at last there is another president who is against the corruption and can't be bought by the corrupt. Hallelujah
JFK and Trump can't be compared. JFK wasn't a biggot trying to incite anger and intolerance among the people of the USA. JFK wasn't trying to build walls to keep people out of the country. JFK was an amazing POTUS.
And 30 years ago, we didn't have the terrorist attacks we have now either or the drugs and human trafficking flowing across the southern border. You can't compare the two.
You think drugs flooded your country since Trump became president? Are u serious? There is always someone at the top making money secretly from all that u mention but I guarantee it's not Trump. The terrorism is all about instilling fear in u to have u believe u need protection!
No, I'm simply saying that the amount of drugs, trafficking, and terrorist threats have reached an untenable level, and therefore, although steps Trump has tried to may seem harsh, they are actually responsive and necessary to the current threats to our National Security.
Then I think you should realize that those terrorist threats are highly likely created by the very same people who want rid of Trump bcos he can't be bought. Seriously do u not realize what fakery is possible & put on TV to trick u into believing it, ur reality controlled by TV


Wow! Someone is actually still using that fake, photoshopped picture? I would have thought you’d have figured that out by now. You’re funny!

I’m not the one posting proven, faked pictures so not really sure how your meme applies. Most would assume that the person who could prove you were posting “alternative facts” was actually the one smart enough to know it. Swing and a miss for you! 

Aww, can’t defend your erroneous, fake posting so you’re hiding behind insult memes? Another swing and a miss. One more and you’re OUT! 
This is a threat to our national security whose side is Trump on Russia or America? Is Russia blackmailing Trump? Is Trump a foreign agent? Why is Trump ignoring our intelligence agencies warnings? Seems like Trump let's Russia do anything they want, why?
Two names makes @realDonaldTrump soil his skivvies: Putin and Mueller.
Skivvies.  Love it.
Pink ones with "$" signs.
Is your mom in this picture?
My mom is n Heaven. She succumbed to cancer after a long brave battle! RIP Mom
P.S. u didnt know. So i know u wouldn't have tweeted that if u did. At least THAT'S what im going to believe. 
Bless you. You're nicer than I am.
Tsk! Tsk! Tsk! Cant match the facts so now ur trying to play Miss Matchmaker. Good diversion. We've all seen it. Have a wonderful, lucid day
Falling, falling, here protect yourself!


no
Would you please get out of government business....you hold no office at all. If we wanted you running things we would have elected you
Yes, Russia meddled but what’s most important is the factual information that came fr their meddling 
#33,000deletedemails
#privateserver
#JohnPodesta
#SethRich
#DNC
#AnthonyWeiner
layla where did you hear that lie from?????
Thank you for your service to our country ma’am 
You should know Hillary you're in contact with them all the time not to mention you gave them our uranium!!
 go back into the woods and be quiet zip it
What is going on?  Trump agreed to lift sanctions on Russian individuals and entities in return for a 19% interest (worth 12 billion dollars) in Rosneft, Russia’s largest oil and gas company. Trump made a deal for an old fashioned, garden variety bribe of a public official.
Ready to serve your first term??
The reset worked really well. Let's not forget where 20% of our Uranium assets now reside. Nuclear medicine products lost to whom? R ppl paying attention. #45 did not do this. Anyone know who did?
Maybe we should just sell everything to the Russians like you did!
You're more full of #schiff than Adam himself. Why don't you both stuff a sock in it?
Asking for a friend.
Didn't stop you from approving sale of uranium to Russia. Guess all that Clinton Foundation donations was too much to ignore eh?
At least Putin can win when he rigs an election
How in the heck are you and (ohh shes so beautiful) huma still walking amongst us?
You should know as you have spoke with them through the entire election .
He’s a GD traitor. Can’t wait until Mueller exposes the entire  GOP conspiracy against the USA and our elections. #MAGA = Many Are Getting Arrested
AND THE WORST SECRETARY OF STATE EVER
The devil is dying.

Your power is waning.

Here comes the LIGHT!

Q
He's not the one who sold them Uranium. You are.
How can we possibly fend off 46k in Russian advertising propaganda?  Thank God we can count on CNN and late night TV for the unbiased truth.... oh wait.   Maybe Tom Steyer could route his millions in propaganda advertising toward offsetting the 46k in Russian trolls.
Robert, be a patriot. One penny in Russian interference is too much. If you think otherwise, you are complicit.
When does perspective come into play?   Do you realize how insignificant 46k is?  Let’s compare that 46k to the corrupt biased lying fake media.   Let’s compare that 46k to the collusion the DNC had with Russia and the corrupt FBI.
Your actions as Secretary of State vis a vis Russia give you absolutely no right to criticize anyone, even President Trump. Sad.
#ORANGEDUMPSTER won't do anything because he wants to hang on and the ONLY way he can do that is with Putin's help
He's a master #grifter
The night mare has http://ended.It  ended when Barry left office and Killary lost the presidency.
It truly did indeed! Now how about some justice?
If Obama knew, Hillary knew the Russians were trying to influence our 2016 Presidential Election. What did they do? Mostly nothing. Everyone knew & knows, we can't stop 13 smart guys from spending 22 million$ in our open society.
This is all theatre
We most likely have Chinese here doing much worse than the gang of 13 Russians. 
Besides, the real story is how #TheMovement defeated Hillary, Obama, McCain, Romney, the Bushs, DNC, mainstream media, over 2 billion$, much more..
The despicable #EstablishmentMedia feign concern for country, crying #GonstitutionalCrisis , if 
@POTUS  dare stop  Mueller investigation.

Meanwhile, they continue to try to take Trump down while on the verge of breakthrough w/ North Korea
Sweetheart, you are the ONE that colluded with Russia on Uranium 1; oh and your little protector BHO with "once I'm "re-elected", I'll have much more flexibility"... sit down, shut up, and remember, Orange is the new black! Enjoy your Guantanamo vacation!!
Russians INTERFERED MORE during 2012 election then 2016 & have been interfering for over 100 years w/no success! —>SO STOP THE LIES & EXAGGERATIONS as they are your SMOKE SCREEN to hide the Clinton-Obama CRIMINAL COLLUSION w/Putin & Russian Oligarchs #ObamaGate #ClintonCASH #NRA
#ShadowBanned by #HillarysNAZIS
Says the politician who sold uranium to them and colluded with them on fake dossier!
Who gave the Russians 20% of our uranium.  Oh that would be you.
The Clinton's and the democratic party r the ones colluding with Russia.
Your buddy Obama was aware of what was going on -- and did nothing. But, yes, blame Trump. Or, in your typical style, blame anybody and everybody but yourself. And as you go to bed tonight, ask yourself again, "What Happened?"
Don't look now Hilary but the feds are coming to for you and John podesta
The day of the rope is rapidly approaching
This tweet is the biggest joke of all time. The Russians are coming? Hillary, NO ONE BELIEVES THE RUSSIAN STORY!!
C'mon, Hil. We all know Dems don't give a sh*t about national security -- you giving enemies worldwide access to your classified emails and Congressional Dems opening classified data to Pakistan for over a decade.
Yes, and thanks to you they have 20% of our Uranium!  But hey, you got millions of dollars in return, so it's all good aye?
Evidently they have revoked her security clearance. Good.
He is a disgrace!  He doesn’t have enough common sense to come in from the rain  He’s not going to do a thing to protect this country. Only cares about his crooked family and porn stars. Nasty thing!
Yes the Russians are coming. Right to the Clinton foundation bank account. 
COLLUSION!

Why do you think your opinion is relevant at this point or at any point? Somewhere the woods are calling you. Go answer the call.
You need to lay off the vodka
GOD ALMIGHTY PLEASE GO AWAY! 

#CrookedHillary
Wow! Look at all these triggered Hillary obsessives! 
I know right ? 
They are clueless but they do make laugh.
This thread is soooo good. It's confirmation that Trump has far more American support than the media tells us. THANK GOD!
All you need to know about @HillaryClinton is, KNOWING that over 2000 victims of false convictions, hundred+ on death row, were lucky enough to had been in a DNA case. Best estimate is 1/25 executed is innocent. Yet, #HillaryClinton values say let'm die!
You would know, you sent the invitation and held the doors open!
You should know. You paid for it.
Take your meds on schedule... sounds like U missed a dose..
I’d say your credibility is shot. Better stick to knitting
Ain't you got chutzpah.
Please let me correct your 1st line:
I am saying this as a former SecState who knowing sent and received highly classified material which was probably hacked by the Russians...
"The Russian are still coming" , why did you promise them more of our Uranium?

#UraniumOne 
#UraniumOneDeal 
#SethRichMurder
#SethRich

I guess you would know if the Russians are coming. The only person that was working with the Russians was you
When are you going to realize that you are irrelevant?  What you say doesn't matter anymore! Go back to the woods! #JusticeWillPrevail whether here on earth or at the pearly gates! You need to repent before its too late!
The Russians may still be coming Hillary but many domestic traitors still remain.
How did that uranium deal work out for you.
"Intelligence professionals are imploring Trump to act".
Where'd you get this from?
You don't even have security clearance.
Not that it matterd when you did have one.
POTUS knows. 
Unlike you, opening e-mails like an orchid to every hackers in the world.
#ShamelessDems #SHAME
Haven't you gone away yet @HillaryClinton? Escape while you can, you are old news, please let go, give up, you have lost, you will never be in power, time for decency in our world instead of depravity.
Lol, you were in up to your eyeballs w the Russians. GO. AWAY.
Ermahgerd!  13...THIRTEEN Twitter trolls said mean stuff!!!  #putinpuppet!!!!  #notmypresident!!!!  #anybodyseenBill????
Joey M your spot on! Hillary is the most crooked politician in our History. Since all Corruption is coming out, all her faithful bleeding followers can do is correct the spelling words of Factual statements dealing with her corruption
Benghazi ain’t going away. You and Obama turned your backs and let our ambassador and other Americans die at the hands of Isis.
We really Don't care what you say.  We know the truth & it doesn't come from you!
Sorry Hillary this isn't going to work because nobody in their right trusts anything you say. In fact when you give advice it would be smart to do the exact opposite. 
Buh bye Hillary!
Maybe you shouldn't have sold them our Uranium rights.  Maybe we should buy a fake red button and have them push it. That will magically reset our diplomatic relationship.


Hillary we all know. You colluded with those darn Russians.
Are you ever going to just go away you last two elections nobody gives a heck what you have to say just go away don’t go away mad just go away!!!!!!If
If you think that, then why did you sell our uranium to the Russians?
Stop dividing our country and show a support for solidarity...its only 4 years...support the elected officials instead of impeachment proceedings. Focus on the NATIONS success instead of trying to take down one man!
I see what they are trying to do —- trying to make a case so big regarding Russia that if trump doesn’t act, they can then use his inaction as a way of impeachment because he isn’t protecting the American people — that’s a pretty slick move, but won’t work. ClintonPlaybook101Fail
Just want to re-iterate to everyone what is happening here. This is your milquetoast centrist “incrementalist” 2016 candidate. And yet here she is attacking Donald Trump FROM THE RIGHT. Hillary last time you trusted intelligence officials you voted Iraq “with conviction”.
No thanks to your incompetence!
Madam Secretary, what ever happened to your ingeniously misspelled Russian reset button?

You and Obama helped them more than anyone! Dossier, phone tapping...etc remember?
#PIZZAGATEISREAL #PedoGate #HaitiWantsTheirMoneyBack
At this point...
WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES IT MAKE ?!
/sarc off
We the people did protect our county. You are not the president.  Fyi
Maybe someone hacked your account to tweet this because you know you are not in a position to speak about Russia, you and Bill made a lot of money selling out to them
Please remind me who signed over US uranium and gave nukes to the enemy?  

Both last names are Clinton!!!
Relax Crooked. The truth is just leading back to you, that’s all. It’s just taking some time to compile your long list of indictments.
You are irrelevant  Mrs  Clinton :)
Lol  the whole country and planet and the Draco even, all laughing at you. Now you’re just a comedian. But sadly, they do no favors for those at Gitmo! #MAGA
LOL.... you are incredibly laughable!

You gonna have the Russians over for drinks?
Is someone russianphobic!!  There's room in our basket!!
Obama did nothing
The Russians called me a “deplorable” and my kids “basement dwellers” ....on wait!

I say this. You’re going to jail.
you should know bill and you have been on their payroll for years lol
if the old way no longer works, don't use it
Hilary clintont tweeted that the Russians are still coming.WHAT do they need more URANIUM.Hilary you would know.
Like you did with the reset button you and Obama colluded with Russia sold our uranium you would have sold our White House Hillary poor loser
Like Obama did and laughed at Romney for saying so tell me more miss hypocrite
Hillary, is that the Secretary of State with a private unprotected server hacked by everyone, or the one that got your people killed in Benghazi? Or maybe it’s the one that sold access to your office?(Clinton Foundation) Oh, Have you gotten used to losing?
Trump is sssssooooo layed up in bed with the Ruskies !!!  The 1st step is to force him to reveal ALL income tax returns !!!!  Hell, it's the IRS ... they have them, why can't THEY reveal them ???  His tax returns are the key to knowing the extent of his relationship with Russia !
It didn't stop WJC from going over there to give a 500K speech when you were SOS
If you hadn't been robbed of the election, the actions of the Russians would have been labeled as the acts of war they are and we would have done something to defend ourselves from these obvious enemy attacks
You aught to know you are one of them!!  If you know what’s happening, then you would tell them the story
You are f*****g kidding me, right???? Wow.
Watch!
That's rich, Coming from the woman who actually did interfere in our elections. You screwed Bernie, colluded with Russians on a fake dossier, had Seth Rich killed when he leaked your treachery and still lost the election. Why are you even talking? Go back to the woods.
When I was a kid it was said The Soviet Union Will Take The USA Without Firing A Shot. That will happen with trump in office.
"The Russians are still coming."
Really?
Maybe it's because YOU invited them.
The Russians are coming? For what more uranium?
Show them your reset button.
Hillary, when you explain why you sold 20% of US Uranium to Russia, then I'll think you're concerned about Russia.  You are cra cra.
Did you ask the same question about @POTUS44 The Muslim in Chief, when he learned about the “Russians are coming” back in 2014??? Or how abt when you conspired w/the Russian to create the fake dossier with Steele?? You’re going to jail, sea cow, & oh, what a happy day that’ll be
Good lord , just keep humiliating yourself and the Dems . Leave diplomacy to the guy that’s accomplished more in 18 than the last 3 presidents in 24 years. Who f’d up Russia relations, Ms. “reset button”.  Ur the only one that anyone can connect to the Russians collusion
Yeah, thanks to you. NOW, you're suddenly concerned about Russians? Yet you gave them uranium?
I’m surprised Vladimir Putin’s still trying to interfere after Obama told him to cut it out , that should’ve had him shaking in his boots 
. You have no say in what @POTUS Trump does. It’s time you just sit down & shut up. #Trump2020 #TrumsterWarriors #TheStorm 
Thank God we have you, Madam President. I mean that, too. You might not be doing the job from the WH but, nevertheless, you're DOING the job, being the leader he can't and won't ever be. Thank you!
She would know wouldn't she since Obama let them go from 2014 throughout the campaigning AND told them he would have more flexibility, not to mention her reset button she gave them 
I thought we were talking about Trumps collusion w Russia? Why do you keep bringing up Obama? Don't you think if there was evidence of wrong doing on Obama's part, Sessions, Trumps puppet, would have started an investigation by now? The only person being investigated is Trump
Because there is NO proof of Trump/Russia collusion, but there is plenty with the Obama administration and how they were trying to make it look like Trump was colluding... READ THE MEMOS  that is where our conversation started...
You keep talking about the memo. At best, the memo is the opinion of one very partisan side. You act like it's actual evidence lol
I'm talking about BOTH memos... lol READ THEM
Thus the reason I said "MEMOS" not singular memo
It's only bad if it's done to us, not by us.
I think I finally understand this whole Russia thing Hillary has going on...
Anybody have some rope?
https://jackpineradicals.com/boards/topic/before-there-was-dnc-money-behind-fusionorbis-there-was-oleg-deripaskas/ …
What podcast did I just heard that on...?
Not sure, but if you find it again I'd love to hear it...
I wish I knew.
North Korea wants to talk and you can’t stand it. The economy is strong and 100,000 jobs were created last month and you can’t stand it. Go away!
How much did you pay to have Seth Rich murdered?
You’re a lunatic
Hillary is right

Actually, she lost because she SUCKS @ EVERYTHING !!!

And NYT broke early tonight that State Dept. Was allocated $120 million to for cyber security months ago, but Tillerson hasn't let them spend one dime on it. This is treason.
Why haven't you been locked up yet @HillaryClinton I have more faith in @realDonaldTrump than you could ever have from the whole world, I believe he will drain the swamp of the filth & corruption. So great that he can't be bought like you Hillary Clinton!
1.  I say this as an American also: I can't believe you even have the gall to even post this rubbish. WTF did you ever do to protect our country. Uranium one?, Benghazi? Getting answers to debate questions before debates? Running an illegal email server, Whitewater? Continued 
Americans continue to shoot the messengers. Wake up! Night is flying! Wachet auf!
Is that what you were saying when @MittRomney said it or were you laughing at Obama's sick burn? Maybe you said when Christopher Steele gave you oppo research that he obtained from the Russians.
by "the russians are still comming" 
she means that they are comming for her and her cfr friends. and so are we! ur fooked
We all know why he is not acting on it!
What she means is the Clinton Foundation is about to use some Russian thing to cover for another Clinton heist. Stay tuned. In the meantime the Clintons will be doing family values speeches for $300k while Bill is cigar banging young interns 
Why didn't your office (Obama) act when you found out about it ?? You are a bad person now and then . so sad
